VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 176.
WILD SCRAMBLES
IN THE KREMLIN
Proclamations Scattered by-
Picturesque Russian
Heralds.
BEAUTIFUL COPIES CAST
INTO THE CROWD.
Scenes Witnessed at the Funeral
of the Late Czar Are
Repeated.
FESTIVITIES PRECEDING THE
COMING CORONATION.
Regimental Bands and Glistening Coats
of Mail Lend a Charm, to the
Ceremonies.
MOSCOW. Russia, May 23.— At 9 o'clock
this morning one of the most interesting
events connected with the festivities took
place in the Senate square in front of the
artenal inside the Kremlin. It was the
proclamation of the coronation by the pic
turesque Russian heralds.
With the exception of the emblems of
mourning and the wording of the procla
mation the ceremony was in all re
spects the same as the one witnessed
in St. Petersburg at the funeral of
the late Czar. Many people had
gathered to listen to the proclamation,
though the crowds in the ancient citadel
of the Kr -mlin were not excessively large.
Drawn up on two sides of the square,
flanked by the arsenal and the ancient
Senate-house, were four squadrons of cuir
assiers, two of life-guards and two of
chevalier-guards.
These were commanded by a general,
shpported by his officers. On either dank
of the lines of cuirassiers, whose coats of
mail glistened in the morning light, were
regimental bands.
At the side near the general were two
secretaries of the Senate, two aides-de
camp and four masters of ceremonies in
rich costumes and mounted on magnifi
cent borers. , -,•'.—— ■
In the very center of the fquare, facing
th% artillery barracks, were six mounted
bc-alds, escorted by an equal number of
esquires.
These were arraged in costumes strik
ingly like those in which Charles I
is represented, with large caval
ier hats of crimson, surmounted with
plutnesof yellow, black and white; satin
mantle', trimmed with a profusion of
gold, slashed hose and doeskin racing
pants.
As 9 o'clock rang out from the Ivan
Tower the heralds sounded a nourish
upor. their golden trumpets and the crowd
reverently uncovered to hear the proclama
tion while the cuirassiers and guards sat
like rigid statues iv serried lines. One of
the secretaries of the Senate rode a few
paces forward and read in a loud voice the
following proclamation:
"Our most august, most high and most
miphty Sovereign, Emperor Nicholas Alex-
androvitch, having ascended the heredi
tary throne of the empire of all
the Russias and of the kingdom of
Poland and of the Grand Dnchy of Fin-
land, which are inseparable from it,
has been pleased to ordain in imi
tation of his predecessors and glorious
ancestors, that the sacred solemnity of
the coronation and consecration of his
Imperial Majesty, which his Majesty wills
that his august consort, the Empress
Alexandra Feodorovna shall share, do
with the aid of the Almighty, take
place on the 14th (28th) of May. By
the present proclamation, therefore,
this solemn act is announced to
all the faithful subjects of his
Majesty to the end that on this auspicious
day they may send up to King of
Kings their most fervent prayers and
implore the Almighty One to ex-
tend the favor of his blessings to
the reign of his Majesty, to the
maintenance of peace and tranquil
lity, to the rery great glory of his holy
name and to the unchanging weal of the
empire."
Having read the proclamation, which
was received with cheers by the people,
the secretary retired to his former place
and thtf esquires threw into the midst
*of the crowd beautifully illuminated copies
of the proclamation on which were en
graved the arras and insignia of Nicho
las 11.
A desperate struggle then took place in
the crowd in order to secure copies of
the preciouß document, and, as the
struggle ensued, the bands struck up
the strains of a Russian military
inarch, the officers ranked up, the cuiras
siers fell in line behind the heralds and
the whole party rode away past the Ivan
Tower, through the great bell square and
out the Spasky gate, to repeat in different
quarter? of the town the ceremony just
witnessed.
The same solemnity will be enacted in a
similar manner to-morrow and the day
after; thus on the three days preceding
the coronation is the great event an
nounced publcly to the people, who
showed great eagerness to hear the procla
mation.
In addition to this formality, ten mas
ters of ceremonies in gala chariots for
mally announced to the foreign diplomats,
The San Francisco Call.
THE EMPEROR AND EMPRESS OF RUSSIA AS THEY APPEARED AT DIFFERENT TIMES.
plenipotentiaries and special envoys the
day fixed for the coronation.
PALLID AND NERVOUS.
The Czar Overwhelmed by Illness or
Depression.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Esq., May What strikes
one most about the t»reat cumulative
pageant at Moscow is the novel effect it
is producing on the imagination on out
side nations. No one seems before to have
realized what a colossal thing Russia
really is, or wliat prodigious results must
follow when it begins to move about.
Visitors there report, with curious unan
imity, the discovery that the Russians be
lieve they are on the point of becoming a
match for all Western Europe," quite t>y |
themselves, independent of allies. They
say that the French entente may be use
ful for the moment, but they " shall not
need it much longer and certainly will pay
no price for it.
Everybody noted that the excessive os
tentation of the foppery of the French
republic's representation at Moscow is be
ing sneered at and derided by the Rus- i
sians. Poor Paris fancied that it was go- i
in? to make such a hit with its imperial '
carriages and its gorgeous Louis Quinze ''■
paraphernalia, but even the moujiks grin !
and nudge each other at the spectacle and !
it is the principal joke of the upper-class j
Russians. The contrast forced itself on
every one yesterday when ; Mr. - Breckin
ridge and his American suite went in sim
ple citizens' attire to the diplomatic re
ception given by the Czar, while the
French Embassador filled the street with
a bedizened cortege of more than imperial
pretensions. Correspondents of the Lon
don papers describe the Russians as not
ing tbis distinction in republics with
sardonic comments, all to the disad
vantage of their allies.
The Czar reveals himself as a pallid and
nervous figure, overwhelmed by either ill
ness or settled depression. On all sides
are heard reports that he is in failing
health. The young Czarina's gayety is
suspected to be forced. She has the true
grit and courage of her maternal race, in
which the women at least still deserve to
be called "the fighting Guelphs," and she
will make a stout struggle to maintain her
position, but I fancy that clouds are gath
ering round the new reign. Botn Nicho
las and his wife are eager to show in
small things their affection for England,
but the Russian Foreign Office is moving
implacably in the opposite direction and
they are powerless to stop it.
It is understood in Berlin that very soon
the elderly Grand Duke Michael, who is
the only Important liberalizing force in
the dynastic circle, is to retire from his
post of President of the Council of State
and is to be succeeded by his nephew,
Vladimir, the Czar's eldest uncle. No
change could be more eloquent of reaction
than this. There are the usual stories of
great reforms, amnesties and so forth to
be announced after the coronation, and it
is particularly specified that the burden of
press censorship is to be measurably
lightened. It is true that the Russian pa
pers during the last six months have en
joyed astonishing freedom and it is possi
ble that some ukase is intended to confirm
this liberty, but I doubt if this or any other
amelioration will be permanent. The drift
in Russia is the other way.
It becomes more and more apparent that
there is a drift in France toward some
thing which is not republican. All the
polite quarters of Paris are to be decorated
Tuesday in honor of the crowning of the
autocrat of all the Russians, but the po
litical purpose of this is so clear that all
the poorer parts of the city, where the in
habitants are democrats, will refuse to
' hang out a flag or to light a candle.' There
is a widespread* suspicion that some plot
against the republic is brewing, and that
the apothesis ol the monarchial idea at
, Moicow is being exploited to further piano
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MAY 24, 1896— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
n France. It is understood that Presi
dent Faure is to be publicly hooted and
insulted at Ainbroise, where he goes to
unveii the statue of a deceased Benator,
who was originally mixed up with the
peccadillos of Faure 's wife's father. This
personal element ot scandal it the pretext
for the hostile demonstrations, but, in
reality, if it comes off, it will be every
where understood as aimed, not at Faure
so much as at his office.
Overshadowed as it is by the Russian
festival, the death of the immediate heir
to the Austrian crown has hardly been
noticed, but it is an event of grave mo
ment none tne less. Charles Louis him
self was of no special importance, but his
disappearance brings up to and upon the
steps of the throne two sons who are
j loathed and despised all yyer the empire.
Neither of them could keep his place as
Emperor for a year without a civil war.
Indeed, it begins to be taken for granted
that no possible heir can keep the Aus
trian empire from smashing up when
Francis Joseph dies. Most of the men of
affairs whom I know have for years back
been saying that a peneral European war
I might not come before his death, but that
| it will be inevitable then, and naturally
I the demise of his youngest brother gives
! fresh color to this gloomy prediction. The
Emperor himself is said to quite accept
; this view, and to know very well that after
! him comes the deluge.
Harold Frederic.
HUNTINGTON'S SCHEMES,
Has an Old Southern Pacific
Claim Put in the General
Deficiency Bill.
More Than This, H? Expects the
Funding Measure to Be Considered
This Session.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23,-Hunt
ington has worked the Senate apain and
has had incorporated in the deiiciency
bill an appropriation of $1,512,979, this bo
ing the claim of the Southern Pacific Com
pany for services rendered the Govern
ment in hauling mail, troops, supplies,
etc. This chestnut has been proposed and
defeated in every Congress for years past.
Representative Maguire says he will
make the same lieht against this amend
ment that he did in the last Congress and
in addition will show that the Central Pa
cific Company agreed in their offer to the
Committee on Pacific Railroads to allow
that item as an offset on the Government
claim. The funding bill reported by that
committee and now pending provides that
it shall be so treated.
"It seems to me," Maguire said, "that
the Southern Pacific Company is much
weaker in this respect than it was when
the claim was presented in the last Con
gress."
C. P. Huntington said to Senator White
to-day that he expected his funding bill
to be considered at this session. The re
mark was made casually and the railroad
magnate did not say whether he txpected
it to come up in the Hous« or in the Sen
ate. Representative Maguire says that
the railroaders seem to have relaxed their
efforts in the House wing of the Capitol
therefore the inference is that Huntingtoil
expects to secure consideration for it in
the Senate.
Representative Johnson today introduced
a bill to pension Lulu A. Nichols, and a
bill for the relief of W. D. Catlet of Cali
fornia.
Arthur I. Gray was. to-day appointed
Postmaster at Elk Grove, Sacramento
County, Cal., vice Joseph Hasman, re
moved.
GREAT BRITAIN
CAN'T INTERVENE,
That Is the Impression as
to the Atrocities in
Armenia.
SALISBURY MAY YET ACT
Harcourtian Tactics in Forcing
the Agricultural Bill to
a Conclusion.
GROSS CLASS LEGISLATION.
No Reason for John Dillon Having
Selected the Occasion for
Martyrdom.
[Copyrlgnt, 1896, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Eng., May 22.— The latest
reports from Constantinople indicate
the preliminary stapes there of a fresh
panic about what is going to happen
during the Bairam festival. New stories
of Armenian atrocities come in daily, but
the public here is so satiated witli thuse
things that they create little impression
so long as England is powerless to inter
vene. If, however, there should be re
newed disorder in Constantinople itself.
Lord Salisbury would find his fellow
countrymen practically a unit in demand
ing intervention at any cost.
Yesterday's all-night sitting of the
House of Commons, though not the
longest one recorded, differs from all
others in the fact that the filibustering, or
what passes for it here, was led through
out by the leader of the opposition. It is
quite fair to ascribed to Harcourt a desire
to show that though he is 70 next year, he
still has the pluck and endurance of youth.
This display is all the more opportune
since Rosebery, though a young man, is
continually breaking engagements and
taking sea voyages on account of bus deli
cate henltb.
Aside from personal reasons, however,
it was wise Haicourtian tactics to choose
the Government's agrirultur&l rating bill
as the ground for a spectacular battle.
This bill is class legislation of the grossest
character, such as England has not seen
since the corn laws. Under the pretense
of relieving the farmers' distress, it puts
$10,000,000 a year into the landed aristo
crats pockets, all of which will have to be
provided by the industrial towns and
cities in the shape of added taxes. Tnis
will raise more bad blood throughout the
country than even the educational bill,
and it is good politics for the Liberals to
go into the last ditch against it.
Why John Dillon, however, should have
selected this as an occasion for martyrdom,
it would puzzle anybody to say. The bill
does not affect Ireland in the first place ;
in the second it is, at least nominally, in
favor of the agriculturist, and lour-riiths
of the Irish nationalibis are on the soil. But
then Dillon, as I have suid for the past
twelve years, is an incapable ass.
He readied the point of almost incred
ible foolishness this week in causing what
is left of his party formally to pass a pub
lic appeal to the Parnellii*- to join him
and then giving the appeal to the press,
but actually not sending a copy of it to
Redmond, to whom it wag nominally ad
dressed. Redmond accordingly scores a
| point on this stupid omission, a? well as
insultingly dismisses the proposal as too
ridiculous for serious consideration. lam
amazed to see, too, Alfred Webb's letter
in the Times of the 11th inst., asserting
1 that Healy's followers receive as large a
portion of the parliamentary fund aa do
the Dillonitps. The facts are that six
Healy mer are on the list as receiving ses
sional salaries and at least twenty-siT Dil
lonites, while several others of the latter
get irregular grants when there happens
to be any money on hand, which is very
rarely now. It is true that Mr. Webb was
one ot" the treasurers of the fund for a long
while, but ne seems not to know at all
what is beinz done with the money, of
which he nominally had partial charge.
He is an elderly Quaker gentleman of
high character, whose presence in the
party lent it respectability, but he was
never allowed to Denetrate any secrets of
the machine as manipulated by Dillon and
Xavier O'Brien.
Agricultural returns issued last night
for 1895 reveal some remarkable facts. The
wheat acreage has diminished by 510,000
acres in a single year. The total diminu
tion since 18^5 baa been ji;-t under 2,000,
--000 acres, of which two-tbirJs were in the
last live years, leaving now less than 1500
acres under wheat, all told. To some ex
tent barley and fruit have taken the place
of wheat, but the great bulk of the land
has gone to grass. Notwithstanding this,
dead meat imports continue to mount tip,
over 600,000 tons, of which three-fourths
are from the United States, coming in last
year. The total annual imports of wheat
and flour have now reached tlie tremen
dous iifrure of $150,000,000. When, how
ever, it is realized that the British farmers
are so unenterprising as to allow $20,000,-
UOO worth of foreign eggs to be brought
into the country yearly simtjly because
they will not bother with poultry, it is
difficult to get up any deep sympathy for
them.
The great wheel imported from Chicago
and now at the Colonial Exhibition here
has been misbehaving. It stuck with sixty
imprisoned passengers all through a cold
foggy night. The episode has a phase
which will not be commented on here.
The morning paper having the news was
the Telegraph, which said that an hour
past midnight the wheel was still stuck.
It will hardly bo accredited in America,
but at 1 o'clock the next afternoon the St.
James Gazette and the Westminster Ga
zette appeared, quoting the Telegraph's
account without a single added wcrd. The
wheel is within four miles of their offices
and connected by telephone, yet it had oc
curred to no one in either office during the
whole forenoon to inquire whether it had
been set in motion or not.
The Morning Post i:i a review of Mark
Twain's "Personal Recollections of Joan
of Arc" expresses a cautious doubt whether
Clemens is not really having a joke at the
public's expense. Such a conclusion, it
says, would be premature, but it feels that
there will be a justifiable uncertainty on
the part of many readers until the author
has actually produced his original unpub
lished manuscript in the national archives
of France for public inspection.
It has been many years since London
has hail such a gory surfeit of sensational
capital trial?. Three men are to be hanged
at Newgate on June 9 for two burglarious
murders of peculiar atrocity. And yester
day the woman Dyer was sentenced to
death for the systematic aestruction of
homeless cnildren placed with her by their
parents. The^e children she strangled and
! threw into the Thames at Reading. She
is supposed to have thus killed fifty or
more of them. An effort was made to save
her on the plea of insanity, but there
would have been a universal outcry if it
bad succeeded. Several other murder
trials almost equally exciting will begin
next week.
Again the Mannlicher rifle has been used
in earnest in Austria. This time in a labor
not near Reichenberg. Three soldiers
fired one shot each and brought down
toveu people, one bullet actually killing
two persons and badly hurting another.
These recurring evidences of the deadly
character of the new smallbores lend a
sickening terror to the forecasts of the
next European war.
On the other hand experience in the
Soudan ana Matabeleland shows that this
modern tiny projectile, despite its hideous
velocity and penetrating power, is not so
good lor stopping a dervish or Kaffir rush
as the old big bullet. The "native" comes
at such a pace and with such tremendous
force of will-power that nothing but the
solid impact of a good-sized hunk of lead
will hold him up. He will not stop merely
because he has been perforated by a metal
pea. I should think this would probably
be true, too, of Russian soldiers.
John Hare's inevitable interviews on his
American experiences make much pleas
anter reading tnan these things generally
do. He liked everybody and everything
except, perhaps, Fittsburg, of which he
narrates the anecdote about a man, who if
he owned hell and Piitshurg, would rent
the latter.
In my boyhood this used to be told of
Texas, but Mr. Hare seems to have under
stood America, as well as liked it. which is
not invariably the case. He especially
puts our railway traveling, hotels and our
theaters ahead of anything in England.
The marvelously successful Japanese
opera, "The Geisha," has been purchased
for America by Augustin Daly, and it is
reported here that others are claiming
rights in it on the other side, but I have
seen all the documents and know that Mr.
Daly's title >s absolute. He is to be con
gratulated on this fact, for it is many
years since such a spontaneous triumph
has been scored by anything in its line.
Harold Frederic.
CUBANS IN NEED OF FUNDS.
Insurgents Ask Baltimore Banks to Ad-
vance Money on Their
Bonds.
BALTIMORE, Md., May 23.— Circulars
are beine received by Baltimore banks
from the fiscal agent of the Cuban insur
gents asking subscriptions to a bond issue
to be put out by authority of the independ
ent Government of the island. The circu
lars contain a plea to Americans to pur
chase these bonds to aid the insurgents in
securing their independence.
The bonds are to be issued in denomina
tions from $50 to $1000, are to be payable
in gold and to bear interest at 6 per cent,
payable semi-annually. A stipulation in
the bonds is that the Government issuing
them may default in the interest until six
months after the island is evacuated by
the Spaniards.
The side-wheel steamer City of Rich
mond, which came here from New Lon
don, Cnn., several weeks ago and was thor
oughly overhauled and refitted, slipped
away from her dock at 2 o'clock this morn
ing without any previously announced in
tention of sailing. Her sudden departure
has strengthened the belief that she is un
der charter to the Cuban insurgents.
It was given out to-day that the steamer
has sailed for Jacksonville and that she
will be used by the Florida coast line.
The City of Richmond is a swift steamer,
capable of making seventeen miles an
hour, and is very seaworthy.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 23.— The
President to-day sent a message to the
Senate in relation to the Spanish protocols
and the Competitor affair. It contains
nothing but the text of the treaties and
protocols in the original Spanish and in
English.
The President declined on public
grounds to transmit to the Senate any of
the correspondence between this Govern
ment and Spain growing out of the Com
petitor affair.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
BURNED BODIES
OF TWO VICTIMS,
Murders Committed by a
Minister in a Salt
Lake Church.
IT IS LIKE CURRANT'S
CRIME.
Young Women Lured Into the
Place of Worship and Then
Put to Death.
BODIES CREMATED IN THE
FURNACE.
Binding Evidence Against the Rev.
Francis Hermann, Who Re
cently Disappeared.
SALT LAKE, Utaii, May 22.— A horri
ble tragedy, in many respects similar to
the murders committed by Durrant at San
Francisco, has been unearthed in this city.
In tiiis case, as in the other, the sanctuary
of God was the scene of the crimes, and
the victims two women. Tiie pastor of
the church, Rev. Francis Hermann, is ac
cused of the murders. The scene of the
crimes was the First Scandinavian Metho
dist Church, at 158 Second East street.
Last year the pastor's wife died, and he
engaged Miss Clawson, an attractive young
woman of 25, to stop at the church build
ing, which is large and accommodates sev
eral families in the wings, to look after his
apartments.
In September last Miss Clawson suddenly
disappeared, and has not been seen alive
since. Immediately after her disappear
ance the pastor, although the weather wa«
hot at that season, ordered a big hre built
in lbe furnace in the basement of the
church.
He sent everybody away and lighting
the tire himself kept it going for nours.
Persons residing in the neighborhood de
tected exceedingly bad odors at the time
the furnace was going and remonstrated
with Mr. Hermann, but he said he wanted
to give the flues a thorough test before
cold weather came.
It was in this furnace a few days ago
that the bones of Miss Clawson, together
with two blackened razors, a butcher
knife, part of a woman's garter, kuckles
d a brooch, were found.
The other victim was a Miss Annie
Sam nelson. She was engaged to be mar
ried to the preacher, but mysteriously dis
appeared in February last, and it is sup
posed her remains are concealed some
where about the church. The police, who
have been secretly working on the case
for several days, found a barrel the head
of which is covered with human blood and
the theory is that the murderer, after kill
in? his victims, carried them up on the
barrel head. Blood stains were also found
on the furnace door and on tne Moor.
Rev. Mr. Hermann, for whose arrest a war
rant has been issued on the charge of mur
der, left Salt Lake on May 7 tor Kansas
City, thence for Decorah, lowa, on a mis
sionary tour. Since his departure he has
not been heard of, and telegrams sent to
both Kansas City and lowa have failed to
bring any tidings of him. Among his
effects here, which are in the hands of the
police, are letters, articles of jewelry and
clothing belonging to both the dead girls.
Hermann is of Scandinavian descant,
but was born in England.
NEW TO-PAY.
LADIES
WITH
RED FACES
And oily, greasy complexions, or subject to
rashes, pimples, blackheads, yellow or mothy
skin, will be gratified to learn that the purest,
sweetest, and most effective skin purifier
and beautiner yet compounded is
CUTICURA
SOAP
It is so because it strikes at the cav*e of most
complexions^ disfigurations, viz.: the Clogged
Irritated, Inflamed, or Overworked Pore.
Suggestion : After cycling, golf, tennis, riding,
or athletics, a hath with Cuticura BOAP is most
soothing, cooling, and refreshing, preventing
chafing, red ness, and roughness of the skin, sooth-
ing inflammation, and when followed by gentle
anointing with (ointment), proves bene-
ficial in relieving tired, lame, or strained muscles.
Sold throuehout the world. Price. Cnnccxi, SV:. i
Bo»r. 2.V.; Kbsolvbnt, We. and (I. Potts* Del»
aj<d Chim. Conr.. Sole Prop*., Donton.
-r 1 — " How tn Obtain a Brilliant Complexion," free.
&eo§
COPPER RIVETED
AND
SPRING BOTTOM
PANTS
£VERYPAIR GUARANTEES,
•OB SALE EVERYWHEAV2
CONGRESSIONAL
PROCEEDINGS.
The River and Harbor Bill
Signed and Sent to
the President.
ALLEN ON THE BOND BILL
The Populist Senator Gets Into
a Colloquy With Gray
of Delaware.
TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT.
Charges Made by Howard of Alabama
Against the Chief Magistrate
Are Cast Aside.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23.— The
Hou:«e "filled cheese" biil was taken up in
the Senate to-day and gave an opportu
nity for tne offering of various amend
ments on which votes were taken. The
first was offered by Mills of Texas, pro
posing an internal revenue tax of 5 per
cent on all manufactures of iron, steel,
copper, zinc, wool, cotton and other ma
terials. The second was offered by Allen
of Nebraska, proposing an annual tax of
$1 a barrel on beer. The third was offered
by Gray of Delaware, proposine an im
port duty of 10 cents a pound on tea. They
were ail, on motion of Sherman, laid on
the tnble— the fir3t by a vote of 42 to 15,
theseconiby a vote of 35 to 22 and the
last by a vote of 37 to lit.
The amendments reported from the
Finance Committee fixing the license of
manufacturers of lil'.ed cheese at $240 per
annum instead of $4(X), and on wholesale
dealers in filled cheese at $200 instead of
$250 were agreed to.
The morning hour expired at 2 r. m. and
the Butler prohibitory bond bill was laid
before the Senate, Allen (Pop.) of
Nebraska addressing the Senate in favor
of it.
Before Allen bepan his speech, Sherman
asked unanimous consent to have the
filled cheese bill made a special order for
Monday next, but objection was
made by Harris (D.) of Tennessee and the
bill went to the calendar.
Allen's address was principally on the
subject of the free coinage of silver, in re
gard to which he and Gray (D.) of Dela
ware maintained a long and amusing col
loquial controversy, the debate later de
veloping into an exchange of personalities.
Baker (R.) of Kansas having interposed
a remark which was not relished by Allen,
the latter referred to Baker as "the gentle
man who had been blossomed and bloomed
on the prairies of Kansas," and who pro
fessed to understand the question.
Baker retaliated by speaking of Allen as
"hi? friend from the sand districts of Ne
braska."
At the close of Allen's speech the bill
went over till Monday and a nnmber of
bills were taken up from the calendar and
passed.
I'nanimoin consent was asked by Cock
rein D,) of Missouri to have printed as a
public document a speech of Governor
Altgeld of Illinois in reply to Secretary
Carlisle's Chicago "sound-money" speech
(heretofore published), and after consider
able colloquy, unanimous consent was
given.
A joint resolution was reported by Hale
from the Committee on Naval Affairs ex
tending to stewards in the navy the bene
fit of three months' pay on re-enlLstment
after honorable discharge, as to all other
enlisted men, and it was passed.
The calendar was cleared of all the pri
vate pension bills and the session was spun
out so as to give an opportunity for the
signing of the river and harbor bill and
sending it to the President. It was re
ceived from the House at 5:30 and imme
diately signed by the V ice-President.
At 5:45 the Senate adjourned until Mon
day.
IN THE ROOSE.
The Day Devoted to the Disposal of Ap
...... ■ propriation Hi II a.
WASHINGTON, 1). C. May 23.—An
other day was given to the consideration
and disposal of conference reports on ap
propriation bills by the House. Two of
them were final — that upon the river and
harbor bill, which was engrossed and sent
to the President this evening, and that of
the legislative executive and judicial ap
propriation bill.
The partial report on the sundry civil
bill presented yesterday was agreed to, the
House insisting upon its disagreement to
all the Senate amendments except those
making appropriations as follows:
Twelve thousand dollars to fit up
the basement of the Los Angeles
public building so that the postal
business can be conducted there; $75,000
to repair and rebuild the public building
At St. JUbans, Vt, partially destroyed by
fire last year, just a^ it was about ready
for completion: $375,000 for completing the
new postoffice building at Wash ngton
and increasing the limit of cost $423,000;
$100,000 to buy 17,000 feet of ground ad
joining the Government printing office
and erecting an additional heating plant.
The adoption of this last amendment is
generally accepted as settling the long dis
puted question of a location of a new Gov
ernment printing office in favor of the pre
sent site.
Upon the Indian appropriation bill the
House voted again that it would make no
appropriation for the education of children
at the contract sectarian schools and in
structed its conferees to insist upon their
disagreements to the Senate amendments
extending till June 30, 1898, the period in
which the Secretary of the Interior may
provide Government schools.
President Cleveland's message vetoing
the bill regulating the fees of receivers and
registers of land offices was read and re
lerred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Howard (Pop.) of Alabama introduced a
series of charges against President Cleve
land upon which he impeached him of
many crimes and called upon the Com
mittee on Judiciary to inquire into the
truth of them, but by an overwhelming
vote the House refused to consider them.
The report of the conferees upon the
legislative, executive and judicial bill was
presented by Bincham (R ) of Pennsyl
rania. The agreement struck out the pro
vision for the appointment of a register of
copyrights in the library of Congress,
fixed the meeting of the Legislature of
New Mexico for the third Monday of Oanu
•"v next and made the terms of United
States Commissioners at present holding
office to expire on June 30, 1897.
These were the principal matters in dis
pute. The bill carried a total appropria
tion of $21,520,822— 1e5s than that of the
bill for the current year by the sum of
$370,895, and $844,229 less than the esti
mates. The total was $140,057 less than as
passed by the Senate and $106,972 more
than as passed by the House.
In a statement explaining the report
General Bingham showed that the saving
resulting from the changes made in the
bill regarding the fees and salaries of
United States attorneys and marshals and
United States commissioners would be
more than $750,000 a year.
After further debate Bincham moved
the adoption of the report. It was agreed
to, but before the question was settled
Kern (Pop.) of Nebraska raised the point
of no quorum and Speaker Reed had to
count one.
Sherman (R.) of New York presented
the supplemantal report of the conferees
on the Indian appropriation bill agreed to
by the Senate yesterday. The matters
still in dispute were the appropriations for
sectarian schools made by the Senate, the
continuance of the Dawes Indian Commis
sion, the Cherokee outlet money and the
Cherokee old- settlers' fund.
Sherman moved that the House recede
from its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate making appropriations for
sectarian schools, and concur therein. It
was lost.
A resolution was offered by Hainer (R.)
of Nebraska instructing the conferees to
insist upon their disagreement to the
Senate amendment and upon the Linton
provision in the original House bill, and
the previous question was ordered on its
passage.
Against this Fitzgerald (D.) of Massa
chusetts protested, because it denied him
the opportunity to be heard upon a vital
question in behalf of his constituents.
The Speaker rapped the young Represen
tative, whose face was flushed with indig
nation, to order, to which he responded:
"Mr. Speaker, I think I am always in
order when voicing the sentiments of the
people of the United States."
The resolution was passed— Ayes 155,
noes 22.
At 5:30 p. m. the House adjourned until
Monday.
TO FIGHT THE SILVER MEN
Indiana's "Sound-Money" Democ
racy Fear Gov. Matthews'
Following.
Leaders Confer and Decide to Organize
and Call a Public Mass-
Meeting.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixr>., May 23.— Thirty
leading Democrats of Indiana who are for
sound money held a conference at the
Grand Hotel this evening for the purpose
of organizing to oppose the free-silver
sentiment in the Indiana Democracy,
which has gained impetus since Governor
Matthews came out practically for free
coinage. Among those present were Chair
man Holt of the state committee, ex-Con
pressman Bynuni, ex-Congressman Eng
lish, A. C. Smith and others.
Some of these men have been in com
munication with W. F. Harrity. chairman
of the National Committee, ex-Secretary
Fairchild and other gold-standard men of
the East, and have assurance that if In
diana can be saved there is no doubt that
the Chicago convention will speak for
honest money.
The conference appointed various com
mittees to carry on a propaganda between
now and the date of the State Convention
June 24.
They will probably put a Round-money
man in the iield as candidate for Gov
ernor. There was also talk or opposition
to the Presidental candidacy of Matthews.
The fruit of the meeting was a call for a
public mass-meeting at English's Opera
house next Thursday evening.
nEFICIEXCI AI'PROFRZATIOXS.
Some Aete Items Added by the Senate
Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23.-Tfae
general deficiency appropriation bill was
reported to the Senate to-day. The princi
pal items added by the Senate committee
were the following: To pay the widow of
the late Minister to Mexico, Isaac P. Gray
of Indiana, $8750; to enable President
Palmer of the World's Columbian Com
mission to pay all outstanding claims,
$0517; expenses of collecting customs
revenue increased from $850,000 to $1,150,
--000; to Day the owners of the Norwegian
steamer Peter Jebsen for damages result
ing fro;n a collision with the revenue cut
ter Rush, in San Francisco harbor last
March, $2576; to pay the claims of the
Southern Pacific and its leased lines, $1,
--542,979; to pay each member of the House
of Representatives, not a chairman of a
committee, for an annual clerk, $176,154,
in addition to the rnonev already appro
priated for session clerks.
Clarence Makes Confession.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 23.— Clarence
Barnett, who was jointly indicted for for
gery with his brother, Eugene Barnett,
and Joseph Wenar, made a confession to
day to Assistant District Attorney Davis,
and has beeen promised immunity. The
three men were charged with counterfeit
in s tickets on the Southern Pacific Rail
way. The trial of Eugene Barnett and
Joseph Wenar was begun yesterday in
General Sessions Court. Clarence will
plead guilty and have his sentence sus
pended.
Fatal Explosion in a Mine.
MIDDLESBOROUGH, Ky.. May 23.-
John D. Taggart and John Hardin were
killed and several others injured by the
premature explosion of dynamite in a
coal mine near Big Stone Gap, Va., this
afternoon. Six of the wounded will die.
Tagtfart is one of the most prominent coal
onerators in the United States. It is said
the mine was entirely caved in, but details
are meager.
fourth Class Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23.— The
following fourth class Postmasters were
appointed to-day: Utah— William Thomp
son Jr., at Wansatch; William F. Robin
son, at Roy; John V. Smith, at Colton-
William H. Meechan, at Park Valley ;
Peter A. Francis, at Brock; John Thomp
son, at Clarkston; Henry J. McCullough
at Coyote. California— Arthur I. Gray, at
Elfc Grove.
A Contesting Delegation.
YANKTON, 8. D., May 23.-The free
silver wing of the Democracy has selected
a contesting delegation to the National
Convention at Chicago. V. 8. Ross was
chosen chairman. The claim will be made
that the delegates elected at the recent
convention were not chosen by representa
tives of the Democrats of the State, but
by proxy-holding Federal office-holders.
Senator Quay Slightly Indisposed
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 23.— Hon. M. S.
Qtiay did not leave his home in Beaver for
a visit to Pittsburg to-day, as had been an
ticipated. Telephone inquiry developed
the information that tie was not very well
and would not come to Pittsburg before
Monday.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
BUSINESS BEFORE
THE PRESBYTERIANS
Third Day's Session of the
General Assembly at
Saratoga.
MINISTERIAL RELIEF.
Overtures Asking for Reduced
Assessments Are Also Made
and Referred.
TITLES TO CHURCH PROPERTY.
An Attempt Made to Place Them in
the Hands of Deacons Instead
of Trustees.
SARATOGA, N. V., May 23.— The Tres
byterian General Assembly opened its
tnird day's session this morning with the
usuiil service of prayer. Saturday busi
ness in the assembly is confined to a morn
ing session, as ministerial commissioners
are anxious to get to the neighboring
churches where they are to preach to
morrow. Owins to this and to the length
of the document the theological seminary
control report has been deferred until
next week.
The report on ministerial relief was the
first order of the day on the regular
docket.
Rev. Dr. Cattell, secretary of the board
of ministerial relief, made the customary
address in presenting the report and it was
adopted.
A number of overtures asking for a re
duced assessment were referred to the
committee on bills and overtures.
The report of Dr. Craven, secretary of
the board of publication and Sunday
school work, shows a profit in the business
department in the board for the current
year of 131,146. This is a sum less than
last year by $5&>3.
The discussion on the report of the com
mit tee on church temporalities proposing
a change in the constitution, placing the
titles to church property in the deacons
chosen from the membership of the cnurch
insteaa of in trustees, was resumed.
Elder Thomas McDougall wanted the
title of church property vested in the
Presbyterian church itself. He moved the
recommittal of the report with instruc
tions to the committee to make its report
to the next General Assembly defining the
term "church temporalities," and specify
ing exactly the duties and powers of trus
tees and deacons.
Judge Robert N. Wilson of Philadelphia
supported the motion to recommit.
Chairman Fox defended the report and
opposed its recommitment. The substi
tute to recommit was adopted.
The assembly adjourned at 1 o'clock
until Monday morning at 9 o'clock.
CONFERENCE OF METHODISTS.
An Election of Officer* and the Retire-
ment of n ltinhop.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 2^.— Some im
portant reports of the committee on epis
copacy were discussed and adopted by the
General Conference of the Methodist Epis
copal church this morning, llishop War
ren presided. These officers were elected:
Treasurer of the missionary societies,
Homer Eaton; assistant treasurer, Louis
Curts; editor of the Southwestern Chris
tian Advocate, I. B. Scott, to succeed E.
W. S. Hammond; editor of the Haus und
Herd, If. L. Nayloi of Cincinnati; editor
of the Epworth Herald, J. F. Berry of De
troit; trustees of the Methodist church for
eight years, Luke Hitchcock, Lewis Cum,
John Pearson, G. B. Johnson, J. N. Gam
bler; for. four years, J. D. Hearner, Wil
liam Newkirk, W. F. Boyd.
Bishop William Taylor, the missionary
Bishop to Africa, was declared non-effec
tive.
Dr. Buckley, in presenting the report,
said that the committee had carefully
gone into the retirement of Bishop Taylor,
and had decided that tue Methodist
church could not longer trust its work in
Africa in the bands of a man so old. It
was a hard thing to do, Lie said, but it
must be done.
bishop Taylor objected to his retirement,
but no attempt was made to prevent il on
the floor. He was recommended to the
generous consideration of the Book Con
cern.
The report of the committee on episco
pacy, recommending additional mission
ary Bishops, was fathered by Dr. A. J.
Kynett of Philadelphia. He said the great
work of the church in foreign lands de
manded more Bishops.
After three hours' debate the report was
rejected and it was decided to elect a
Bishop for Africa only.
Monday morning was fixed as the time
for electing a Bishop to Africa.
It was decided that the General Confer
ence should adjourn next Thursday at
1 p. m.
The committee on Epworth League of
the General Conference will adopt a re
port providing that fourteen members of
the board ol control oJ the league be elected
by the General Conference. If adopie iby
the conference it will shut the young
people off from all say in the league's gov
ernment.
The committee also decided that the
Methodist church should not recognize in
any matter of legislation the Christian
Endeavor societies now existing in the
church or sanction in any manner tue
affiliation of some of these societies with
the Epworth League.
During the debate Rev. Dr. Lewis said
the members of the Christian Endeavor
Society in the Methodist church are rap
idly going to the devil by reason of the
fact that they are, playing cards, dancing,
going to progressive-euchre parties, at
tending theaters and indulging in other
questionable amusements.
Four cities are asking for the next gen
eral conference of the Methodist church.
They are Chicago, Kansas City, Ocean
Grove, N. J., and Saratoga, N. Y. Chi
cago has the best chance for the confer
ence.
BAPTIST MISSIONARY UNION.
If oinon Give Interesting Accounts of
Work Among the Heathen.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., May 23.— At
the opening of the morning session of the
American Baptist Missionary Union the
hours were devoted to women's foreign
mission societies. Mrs. W. H. Faunce of
New York presided, and Miss Emma In
voon, a missionary to West China; Mrs.
Ashmore, from Swatow, China; Miss
Lawrence trom East China; Mrs. Ely.ell
from Burmah, and Mrs. Harkill gave in
teresting accounts of mission work among
the heathen.
President Colby called the Missionary
Union to order at 10>30. Dr. Burrege read
a report from a social committee ap
pointed to consider the advisability of giv
ing women representation on the execu
tive committee. The report was adverse,
and was adopted without discussion.
On motion of Dr. J. N. Murdock the
convention adopted a rpsolution approv
ine and indorsing the efforts being made
to have all matters of international contro
versy submitted to arbitration.
W. Wilkinson of Massachusetts re
ported for the committee on finance.
The report said that $000,000 should be
raised by donations this year in order to
discharge the big debts and carry on the
work of the union. It was stated that un
less tliis money can be raised during the
coming year foreign mission work must be
curtailed. The report recommended the
appointment of a committee on syste
matic benevolence to unify and consoli
date the collection of donations and de
vise plans for raising the money needed.
The report was adopted.
The special feature of the afternoon was
the address of the Rev. Dr. McArthur of
New York on foreign missions.
At the evening session the Rev. Tnomas
J. Villera spoke on "The Purpose of the
Ages."
A resolution expressing to the President
of the United States the belief that the peo
ple of this country will sustain him in the
most efficient measures he may take in de
fense of the lives, the property and the
rights of American citizens in Armenia
was adopted.
The Protestant Methodists.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 23.— The
Methodist Protestant Conference came to
an end to-day after being in session seven
days. Many of the delegates will remain
over Sunday to fill the pulpits on both
sides of the river. President J. W. Her
ring of Maryland was appointed chair
man of the committee on revision. He
will receive all complaints and proposi
tions regarding the revision of the creed
during the interim before the next con
ferei.ee.
WIND AND FLOOD IN IOWA,
Great Damage in Many Sections,
but No Loss of Life
Reported.
Winds of Cyclonic Force ani Rains
Amounting A most to
Cloudbursts-
h>W A FALLS, lowa, May 23.-A heavy
electrical storm passed over this city this
afternoon, .tour bolts struck within the
city limits, one prostrating a man and
team and killing one horse. A cloudburst
north of here flooded large sections, doing
considerable damage. A heavy hail in
the same section damaged the rye crop
and stripped fruit trees. The streams are
overllowing. It is still raining nere at a
late hour to-night.
ELDORA, lowa, May 23.— One of the
heaviest rains of the season fell here this
afternoon, amounting almost to a cloud
burst. One and a half inches of water fell
in ten minutes. Five miles north of here
a washout occurred on the lowa Central
Railway, delaying trains.
BURLINGTON, lowa, May 23.— A heavy
ram and hail storm .struck this county
this evening. Holmes' Church was de
stroyed and the smokestacks of the Atlas
mills demolished.
South of this town the storm developed
into a cyclone, uprooting trees and break
ing some square off. Crops aro consider
ably damaged.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, May 23.— The
first reports of a terrific cyclone storm re
ceived here were to the effect that Bills, a
village in the northern part of lowa,
bad been completely dt inolished, out later
it was learned that no lives were lo^t. \ll
telegraph and telephone wires are pros
trated and details are unobtainable.
MENDOCINO SNAKE DENS
Caverns Inhabited by Hundreds
of Vicious and Venomous
Reptiles.
A Ukiah Hunter's Vain Endeavor to
Depopulate One cf the
Nests.
URIAH, Cal., May 23.— Joe Hunter, for
many years a resident of this place, but
who has within the past year removed to
Gravelly Valley, a small settlement on Eel
River, about lorty miles northeast of this
city, has brought to the city the rattles
and buttons of six as fine rattlers as ever
swung their tocsins to the bree/.e and ter
rititd the stockmen. The story of Hunter's
experience with a den of rattlers near his
place is best told in his own words.
"About two weeks ago," he said, 11 1 ran
short of meat and went out to see what I
could scare up. I took my Winchester
and enough cartridges to do me until
I could kiii a buck, which are numerous
in that part of the country. That morn
ing, though lor some reason or other, my
luck was not with me and after roaming
about for several hours I ascended a rocky
point near tho top of the ridge, and
thought from there to take a look about
the country. I was stuuding on a large
flat-sided bowlder, and as I started to turn
1 heard the warning swish of a rattler.
Looking down tne hillside I saw the bead
of a snake showing from a crevice in the
rocks. I cut it from the body with a bul
let. When I dragged the dead reptile from
the hole another took its place. This I
succeeded in killing with one shot. This
continued until I had killed six.
'Then I ran short of cartridges and de
cided to investigate before I wasted any
more lead. 1 kept my stand at a safe dis
tance and watched the reptiles as ttiey
emerged from the crevice in the rocks
until there was a roll of rattlers squirming
on the hillside at least as large as a man's
body. The stench from the cavern out of
which the rattlers emerged was nauseat
ing. 1 concluded I had seen all tbesnaKes
I wanted for one day and left."
Hunter evidently encountered what is
known in this part of the country as a
"snake den." There are several in this
county, and one not very far distant from
this town. About three ana a half miles
from Ukiah to the east, in the hills back
of the State Insane Asylum, is a snake
den, and it is said large numbers of rep
tiles have been dispatched there, but their
number does not seem to grow less.
The largest and most horrible of the
snake dens in this part of the country is
the one in the hills near Boonville, about
fifteen miles from Ukiah. It was acci
dentally discovered by a hunter several
years ago, and since then many have vis
ited the spot. Attempts have been made
to photograph the den, which is simply a
larce hole in the ground, the bottom of
which ia one creeping, crawling, slimy
ninss, but no one has as yet had the hardi
hood to endure the stench which arises
from the hole for a sufficient length of time
to secure a picture of the place. There are
numerous smaller dens in the hills, and
the one Hunter ran across is evidently one
of them.
Hillta at Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23.— Albert
P. Willis, United States Minister to Ha
waii, reached Washington from San Fran
cisco yesterday, and called on Secretary
Oiney, at the State Department, to-day.
He will goto his home in Kentucky for
recuperation without delay. Mr. Willis
said that he intended to return to Hono
lulu on the expiration of his leave of ab
sence.
WORK BEGINS
AT CAZADERO.
Spiritual Topics Discussed
at the College Men's
Conference.
NEW ARRIVALS GREETED
Nineteen Student-Yells Blended
in a Mighty Shout of
Welcome.
PLANNING FUTURE CONQUESTS.
Veterans in Christian Service Outline
a Campaign for the
Cause.
CAZADERO, Cal., May 23.— The first
day of the first conference of Young
Men's Christian Association undergradu
ates from the colleges of the Pacific Coast
is ended, and the programme cives a sam
ple of the purpose for which representa
tives of nineteen institutions have come
together in this mountain retreat. At 0
o'clock the men arose and at 7:15 they
breakfasted. From 8:30 until 12:30, with
the exception of a forty-minute recess,
they were in their meeting nail, engaged
in discussions calculated to deepen their
spiritual life and to train them for leader
ship in organized Christian work among
their fellow-students, for such are the
chief purposes for which these earnest
young men have assembled.
During the whole afternoon every one is
at liberty to amuse himself as he sees fit.
Some of the Oregon boys went fi«hing in
the creek, but the majority broke up into
littie intercollegiate parties and struck out
up the hillside trails and winding roads on
exploring expeditions. They came back
in time for supper, bringing great buncbea
of wild flowers with which to decorate the
dinner-tables and their rooms. Borne of
the more venturesome had taken a dip in
the swimming pool.
After supper, and while waiting for the
arrival of the only train of the day, with
its additional delegates and the mail, the
whole crowd joined in the juvenile game
of duck-on-the-rock, and concluded with a
hearty review of every college yell repre
sented in the conference.
For a half hour the hiils rang with what
was probably the most remarkable series
of concerted, ear-splitting whoops ever
heard on the Pacific Coast, and then the
little truin came swaying round the curve,
and with renewed force the conference
yell burst forth in repeated greetings.
The new arrivals were from four differ
ent colleges. From Yale University there
was G. 8. Eddy 1891 of New York City.
From Stanford University, its all around
athlete and Coast Young Men's Christian
Association's greatest athlete, Charles S.
Dole 1898 of Kiverside, studying for the
law; Elmer \\. Searle 1897 of Delavan,
Wis., Methodist and prospective minister;
O. E. Leavitt fSOB of Youngtown,
Nevada, Baptist and future physician.
From the State Normal School at
Los Angeles, \V. W. Nichols 18!*) of Gar
den Grove, Cal., president of the School
Association, a Friend and future teacher.
From the University of the Pacific, near
San Jose, Karl H. "Seamen of lone, Cal.,
the secretary of his a K sociation, a Metho
dist and future missionary.
Dole's arrival was tne occasion for great
rejoicing, particularly by me Stanford
men, who constitute the largest college
delegation here, and who prorjose now "to
challenge ah the other colleges combined
to a baseball came and a general athletic
contest, in which a mark will be estab
lished for the next annual conference
to emulate.
At 8 o'clock began the evening session
of an hour. S. M. Sayford, the genial vet
eran in the work among colleges, gave the
boys a confidential talk on the hindrances
to Christian life, and the hrst, day closed
with song and prayer.
The averace age of the delegates is 22
years, the youngest being 17 and the old
est 33.
During the morning session, which is
the business part of the day, S. M. Say
ford outlined the history of the Young
Men 'B Christian Association movement in
colleges and reviewed the organization of
conferences of Young Men's Christian
Association collegians.
The Young Men's Christian Association
was first organized in London, England,
in 1844, by George Williams, who because
of that lact was knighted two years ago
by Queen Victoria. The idea was intro
duced into the United States in 1851, and
in 1858 the universities of Michigan and
Virginia tooK up the work as a feature of
college life. In 1877 Princeton brought to
gether delegates from twenty-one colleges
to discuss colleee work.
But it was really not until 1880 that the
conference of college Christiana became a
regular institution. In that year Dwight
L. Moody called together at his home at
Mount Herman, Mass., 200 young men for
Bible study.
That meeting also resulted in what is
known as the student volunteer move
ment, which means to-day that there are
(JOOO college students pledged to devote
their lives to foreign missionary work.
Since 1887 the original college conference
has held annual summer meetings at
Northrield, Mass. In 1890 the second sum
mer school of the kind was organized at
Lake Geneva, Win., and the> third one was
that at Knoxville, Term., which has been
in existence since 1892. The growth of
these schools may be judeed from the fact
that at these three schools there were over
1000 students last summer.
The fourth summer school of Christian
college men established in America is the
Paciuc Coast Conference, now holding its
first session at this place. The fifth is
soon to be opened at Lake Stone Creek,
South Dakota. There are similar college
Young Mens' Christian Association sum
mer schools in Great Britain, Ger
many, Switzerland, Ceylon, Scandi
navia and Japan. That in Japan is
one of the greatest of all. Estab
lished in 1890 at Kioto through the ef
forts of Kisam, the first christianized Jap
anese to be graduated from an American
college, in its first year it had an attend
ance of 500. Subsequently it grew to be
the University of Kioto, which now has
600 students.
John R. Mott, now in China on a tour
of the world, is engaged in an effort to
unite the college Young Men's Christian
Associations of fifteen countries in the
conference movement.
Hugh Beaver of Pennsylvania, the
youthful Instructor in the Bible study
work of the present conference, outlined
his plans this morning. The first part of
the session will be devoted to preparing
the students to do personal work in lead
ine men to Christ. The iatter part will be
given to devotional Bible study.
C. C. Michener concluded the programme
of the morning with detailed instructions
as to the way the work should be done by
the Young Men's Christian Association at
each college. He said that the object
should be to lead Christian men to become
connected with the church and with the
association, and to induce non-Christian
men to become a»« r> «iate members of the
association or members of some church.
He emphasized the importance of doing
this early, as only one man in four became
a Christian after his first terra in college.
As a preparation he advised the members
of the committees to work for new stu
dents to confer together, the presidents' of
associations to correspond durine the sum
mer, and everybody to return to college
eariy, to be ready to greet and befriend
tne new student at tne time when he was
lonesome— a stranger and consequently
open to temptation.
He suggested methods both for before
and after the new student's arrival Dur-
L ng^K es P mmer ,I acation the association
handbook should be sent oat and ac
quaintances iri different towns and school
principals should be written to for the
names of prospective students.
The men should cultivate tho acquaint
ance of students in thepreparatorv sc ools
near their homes. When the new men
arrive at college they should be met at the
train and eiven all information in reeard
to board ing-p!aces, registration and
studies. The Young Meu's Christian As
sociation's reception to new students
should be .supplemented during the first
week by nigntly prayer-meetings in an
organized effort to lead the freshmen to
Christ. Then the regular wort of the year
should begin with a few particularly
strong meetings, led by the best men.
After a religious census of the new stu
dents each pastor in the neighborhood
should be furnished the names of those be
longing to his particular denomination
Bible study committees and special devo
tional exercises would follow as features of
the general plan for the college year.
Prominent among tne deleeates here
are: Atwood, who was Oregon's prize
orator in 1894; Millar, reputed to be the
champion left-guard of that State; Cox,
the president of the State Oratorical Asso
ciation of Oregon and a speedy cyclist;
Price, a hieh jumper; Handsacker, State
superintendent of the Christian Endeavor
in the Christian church, and Stimpson, a
wily end-rush; and among the California
men Hahn of Pomona College this year's
prize-winner in the Southern California in
tercollegiate oratorical contest; Miller, the
fast mile walker of Occidental College and
the editor of his college paper; Lahgford
of California College, the well-known San
Francisco newspaper artist; Arnold, crack
tennis-player, graduate of Stanford and
now a member of the faculty as an in
structor in mathematics; and", perhaps,
most noticeable of all upon their arrival—
Crowell and Boit, beceause they rode on
their wheels from Los Angeles to San
Francisco, a distance of 500 miles, to at
tend the conference.
McKinley Still Avoids Interviews.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 23.— Major
McKinley spent all the morning in Mark
Hanna's office, and persistent questioning
concerning Quay's visit resulted only in
failure. In the afternoon he dined at the
Hanna residence with Colonel Fred Grant,
and to-night he witnessed the production
of "The Rivals" from Mr. Hanna's box at
the opera-house.
An Imperial Bank.
PEKIN, Chlxa, May 23. -The Chinese
Government is about to establish an im
perial Dank, which is to be conducted un
der the control of the Revenue Board.
The capital of the institution will be
10.000.000 taels (about $8,000,000.)
NEW TO-DAT.
"At Sloane's."
BIGELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS
Immense line of patterns,
J ,• . |1 12>^ per yard,
Sewed, Laid and Lined.
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS
CARPET
Best made, 75 cents per yard,
Sewed, Laid and Lined.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, FURJITI'RE, UPHOLSTERY,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
nnnouro FOR barbers, bak-
rVHll^ni*!^ prs - boo: blacks. bath-
MM U IB W houses, billiard - tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmilis, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 SacramcntoSt.
Eta ' ■
• Is at present the most prosperous and thriving industry in California. The i3^
HJF miners we fitted out for Alaska were all well pleased. We are prepared to fur- ™
IS nish estimates to miners on food, utensils, tools, blankets, etc., and supply §9
■ them quickly from stock, at prices guaranteed to save 20 percent, and camp-
Ea ers. picnickers and every one else can save 20 per cent mining amongst our ©
©stock for gold nugget bargains. The ax has been busily at work chopping km
down prices for our June ready on the 28th inst. "We mention a fe-v Si
m reductions in advance, in effect from this date: A
2 Cocoa Lemon Sugar 5
M N Miner's, half-pound tins; best cocoa Picnic brand, full size tins . f?
£ made 300 each ISo ©
■ Bicycles Table Fruit ■
A Ladles', 28-inch, ll<ht, 22 lbs., drop Assortment consists of choice Call- A
frame, complete, oneof thedalntlest i? mi , a Raspberries, Strawberries, T^
m© and easiest running wheels made. % Blackberries, Egg Plums, Lemon C*3
*"& Price *3Q ©a Cling Peaches and Apricots; per '
B «.*»».««» tin 100 EH
0 Flour > Tea ■
■ 50-lb. bags. S. C. S. (our brand), gu&r- Dais?, uncolored, 50c value: 1-lb. m\
»™ mnteed best flour in California; per packets Sso
• _**"•" • - sco Pickles ■
am wanQieS Sonoma Packing Co., Mixed, plain or M
A The regular adamantine, 25 for 25c, "lishes; small 10c, large.... 15 O ~
2 oreaoh •-•• 1° Sardines g
a Corn Stardl LeMarchand's boneless, tins a 5 O '
■ A good — gives satisfaction, fiaillS ®
™ 1-lb. packets Bo Choice Picnic perlb.. o ■
A HODS Larger California per lb., So a.
Z nops Racnn •
"" New California pressed hops. Pack- DcICOU mm
Sets, each f.....80 Armour's Star, in tins, a delicacy, ■
_. ' D ° small l-io.large S4 £ A
© Matches Sal Soda 2
E3 108 blocks of 12 packets for aOo For washing, 25 lbs. f0r......a50
A Nine floors for retailing*, with everythine open for inspection. Our Mm- €1
7** ited expenses permit us to sell the same goods 20 per cent cheaper than any m
01 other concern. Test us with trial order. Hi
Eg COAIE I caivyr i I s"!E3l®' I Wholesale . M
am COME S»-LVa.JL JL JtlS Wholesale ■
• A v£.?o E O^^SH Prices
ZL YOUR (Depar t merit) Direct to JfJ
I DOLLARS STORES, Consumers ■
2 larger. 414-418 Front St., S.F. q'^X. §
A ■ OUR PRICE LIST ? J I ™
g WE PAY THE FREIGHT 100 MILES ON $5.00 ORDERS. ®
•■•■•■•■• ■•■• ■•■••■•■•■•■!
NEW TO-DAT.
SHIRTS
AND
Underwear, Etc.
AT
FACTORY PRICES!
Now on hand — The largest and
best stock we have ever shown.
EAGLESON & CO,,
748 MB 750 MARKET STREET, S. F.;
242 MONTGOMERY STREET, S. F.;
LOS ANGELES and
SACRAMENTO.
IT'S ALL
■ i o THE
Tun NEW
lnti TOES.
DARK
SHADES
That have the call. All the stores have Cneap
Tuns— and they are cheap— either last season's
left-ovrrs or the trashy, cheap, light shoes. We
have just receive! of up-to-date styles in all tha
new toes and the shade is the Chocolate, the kind
that is in demand.
The $2.50
Price **
That we are going to ask for them that will readily
show where the big values are to be found.
Ladies' finest (chocolate shade) tan kid button
or lace in all rhn new shades; either cloth or kid
tops: in all E'Jtea and widths and flexible sewed
solt»s. ' - - -r
Out of the town orders sent on same day re-
ceived. ~* ;■■■<:.
Send for the Sullivan catalogue; just out: sVtwn
all the new shapes and gives prices that are rf~ht:
sent free everywhere.
SULLIVAN'S
MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street,
Just Below Market.
PHOTO MOUNT AND CARD MTG. CO,
Dealers in Cardboard.
MANUFACTURERS OF
PHOTO MOUNTS
CARDS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS,
EMBOSSING
RAGGED EDGING, ETC
ARTISTIC SOUVENIRS
PROGRAnriES, nENUS
LABELS, SHOW CARDS, ETC..
M. COR. OF CLAY AND SMSOME STS.TUBERCULOSIS IN
GERMAN CUTTLE,
Multitudes Daily Fed on
Diseased Meat at the
Exposition.
AGRARIANS ARE ANGRY
The Infected Food Comes From
Mecklenburg Instead of
America.
A FAR-REACHING QUARANTINE
The Bars Put Up Against Sixtj Dis
tricts—Other Events in th»
Kaiser's Realm.
BERLIN, Germany, May 23.— The food
purity scare, which has been so tenderly
fostered by agrarian politicians, has re
ceived a sensational fillip this week by tbe
seizure of 400 pounds of food infected
with tuberculosis at the Berlin Trades
Exhibition, in the institution devoted to
the sale of cheap food to the public, where
thousands of persons eat dinners daily
that cost a penny ahead. The infected
meat came from Mecklenburg and not
from America, which conntry the German
officials profess to regard as the place of
origin of all of the deceased meats in the
world. In spite of the dictum of Baron
Hammerstein-Loften, Prussian Minister of
Agriculture, Domains and Forests, that it
is impossible to put a Chinese wall around
Prussia to prevent the importation of
foreign animals, the provincial governors
have one' after another closed their boun
daries against the adjoining provinces,
which are infected with foot and mouth
disease and ailments of that kind, and
now the empire of Prussian Silesia has
been closed acainst Russian hogs.
Tne Reichzanzeiger, the official .organ,
publishes a notice issued by the Governor
of Dusseldorf, in Rhenish Prussia, closing
the markets of that province against sixty
districts throughout the empire, among
whu-h are Hamburg, Konigsburg, Breslau,
Magdeburg, Luenenburg, Wiesbaden, Co
logne, Aachen, Dresden, Leipsic, Carls
ruhe and Mannheim, besides provinces
like Mecklenburg, Saxe- Weimar, Bruns
wick, etc. In fact, there never before has
been such a sweeping charge of infection
printed in Germany.
The Kaiser has been hunting for a week
in the woods of Prokelwitz, spending
his days in the chase and visiting the no
blemen of the vicinity in their castles in
tbe evening. It is stated that the Empe
ror's brother-in-law, Duke Ernest Gunter,
who recently opened his new chateau at
Prinkenau, has introduced the latest
French culinary novelty, black yolks of
ducks' eggs, to the Kaiser.
The story goes that these yolks are ob
tained Lr feeding clucks with acorns, the
tannin contained in which, working upon
the iron properties of the yolk, makes the
yolß black.
During the Emperor's visit to Prokel
witz a large barn a few miles away caueht
fire. The Kaiser, upon learning of the
fire, drove immediately to the scene and
personally directed the extinguishing of
the flames and the salvage of property and
did not leave until the fire was subdued.
Prince Henry of Prussia was in his most
affable mood upon the occasion of his re
cent interview with Hon. Edwin E. Uhl,
the United States Embassador. He told
Mr. Uhl that he had several times been in
South and Central America and regretted
exceedingly that he had never been in the
United States, which country he has al
ways had the greatest desire to see. He
had read a great deal about the United
States, he said, and in his conversation he
showed himself remarkably well informed
upon facts and conditions concerning the
North American Republic.
The death of Herr Otto Camphausen,
who was the Prussian Minister of Finance
during the period from 1869 to 1873, has
opened a controversy between Prince Bis
marck's organ, the Hamburger Nachrich
ten, and the Liberal press. Prince Bis
marck, in answering the attacks made
upon him by the Liberal newspapers, says
that Herr Camphausen resigned his office
in consequence of Parliamentary pressure
and opposition, and declares that a Min
ister resigning his position under such cir
cumstances has no right afterward to crit
icize his colleagues who remained on the
battle-field. It was Prinze Bismarck's
adherence to this idea, the Nachrichten
says, that provoked his severe turn with
Herr Camphausen in the Prussian Parlia
ment. Nevertheless, the overwhelming i
consensus of opinion is to-day that Herr
Camphausen was the best Finance Minis
ter that Prussia ever had.
In consequence of tbe Emperor's con
demnation of tbe party of Christian So
cialists, Dr. Burckhardt of Bremen has
taken up the cudgels in its defense. In an I
address delivered before a gathering of
Christian Socialists at. Bremen Dr. Burck
hardt declared that the Government, when
tbe Vorwaert", the leading socialist or
gan, favored the subsidizing of the Chris
tian Socialists by the provincial Gover
nors, placed funds at their disposal.
The matter excites general attention,
and Dr. Burckhardt's declaration will
doubtless lead to tbe unearthing of a scan
dal in the Reichstag.
The Deutsche Tagzeitung learns that in \
consequence of the demands of the shop j
assistants that shops shall close at 8 o'clock j
each evening, the Bundesrath is consider- I
ing the question of regulating the number !
of consecutive hours that shops may be I
kept open, leaving it to the shopkeeper to
fix the hours of opening and closing.
The Berlin press is unanimous in its j
approval of the attitude taken by Baron
yon Thielmann, German Embassador to
the United States, in his controversy with I
B'-cretary of State Olney over the case of •
Louis Stern of New York, whose bail of
80,000 marks was forfeited at Munich, be- i
cause of hi 3 failure to surrender himself to j
gerve the sentence of imprisonment and
fine imposed upon him by the court for
inflOHing Baron yon Thorengen. Deputy
Commissioner of tbe Spa, at Kissingen,
Jast year.
Bob Kneebs, the American horseman,
who is in jail here, pending the decision
of the court upon his appeal from judg
ment, under which he stands convicted of
'•rinjrfrig** » borse on the Berlin trotting
track, has been taken to the nrison infirm
ary, seriously ill. it is believed that it
Will be nine months before all tne docu
ments in bis case reach Berlin from
America.
Dr. Hans of Munich, whose strong play,
_^_^^ _^_y EV TO-DAY. . _ -'--'-. __ j; __'_■
'.x \\\\\t\//////^ • One Jiit of UurJLives / \\\ \\\l, i ////////
<\ \Vv\\\\ \\\^ ll^' lff ' ft ' u 'th,,////// /^ S x Sx gXS«)®®®®®®«)®<^^ \\ \\\ \\\l 'Will////////
WiWtim* Onumpnal Ovent/ .n^^>' ■ wS^
3? Ift J|v ifiiHSHBBKs— g; JJ Q see {fie throngs that gathered into the big _^^^ j| ft W*^ ?"
*~^% r - store yesterday eclipsed in point of number those ~~£ % WSk mm ■■■■^^ ETir^^
r ''- M |Mnnßii^^M|i Hm i 1. 1. w --'a that clamored to get into your big store on its __f^~ i JS
jMbcSS : "^ : 'M-^^^"^^^^ famous opening t February 22, J892, as you '^—^
1 ''^^MP^^^^^^ will romember that on that day the street car tfHBSSEB JN^T
W / rTT,TiTLI r^TAf!7iil TX/ \ VU? V lines were compelled to take the cars off the $£/$& lUHfe
S / .I (i • U Jill M l l 'l/^M^i^t^ttaL^JSu Jv 1 Vft\ fr l 1/ 1 < A J ls3Kß!39fe O^
pp^^;^^^^^^^^^^^^^ was a memorable u/ashington' s Jfirthday. Jt ;% :
Wf^^^&i^&^^^^^^^^^M was * ne blfM of an enterprise that has added p^JpII?
luster to the commercial history of San &ran~ ; $#
l; ;^^0A-M' :i W -,K^«^fe^ So eager were the crowds to get in at that Wk ||
■/.'v> : <\ i: :^^S^^s^|^^P time, more eager were they to get into the big W<&^^ffl
> * B7>* ' — store yesterday to parta/ce of that lavish bargain Kir -H
Lr^^B feast, our prettiest of Opring Ouits at w^^rm
jv^f A TJhose pretty Jfcomespuns, those swell tailor-HAre yarmenis \\ I
-^ a jtjL that your swell tailor charyes $40 for, in those pretty overpiaids, (Ti (6
»M. \ \£& fl in those pretty mixtures ; liyht colorinys, medium colorinys; not ViA \
S<4k f i%\ a yarment in the whole ranye worth less than S/5 ; other stores T-kS^'ll /\
BgjiMk f\ \ J JF$4 are yettiny S2O for 'cm. 97/onday ayain at \ /[A
lawk \ \S3 /« J^s>' i w^v mam ***. I I \
■\ \ EH ®<3>3>®<lKixii(sxS<BX^ fflflv\ / I \ of!
\ \ M - • _l»tL_»O_ mk — r I^Bt Il) /
\  . Ohose clever Cutaways, in those fine ffilac/c iSnytish Clay %'^i 11
i - . uSorsteds. {Jailors wouldn't dream of makiny you a suit equal i F^'
I , to these under S4O.
; T /._. OAese clever and dressy yarm en ts W/onday ayain at I 5%..;
. •■'■*■■■•■■ B| '" -. •; ' tf% 4^J m at^% w&'-i / a
-n " \ ' ;7 j ./jgrV -• uhose riyht swell TJweeds end Cheviots, in Slues and Slacks 5^ I /mB
pBl fl f -^/ and in those pretty liyht Spriny colorinys : " Rosebuds of Spring," WL j^^jß
. /■• '§&J*^jjji--Jni ;;> * r as many called ' em yesterday. Jfcandsomelu tailored varments ; aW^/Hal
%r£sj& r - BL^-^H^a^anHS riyht swell, riyht smart looAiny. Our price wass/5 ; other stores .t* '•':
; :: i^ -«^^. v^V^ "^ . mre yettiny S 2O for 'ew. Ttfonday ayain at
4& Jxaphaef s %$ a . SEnft^. 4%. Raphael's ><>.■
«>^ (Incorporated), '^J O / / /•} -t t £ IS Cj «->^ (incorporated), I*M
V*.*r,,..x.,.. 8, IJ, 73 and J5 JCearny Street. Vkt £^
''Justice," was prohibited during the re
gime of Herr yon Koeller as Prussian
Minister of the Interior, is about to or
ganize a company to make a tour of the
United States with the play. An Ameri
can actor will play a promi nent part.
CARRIED A BO DY IN A TRUNK.
Arreat of a Wan and Woman Under
Suipiciou* Clrcumttanca.
PARIS, France, May 23.— The police are
excited over the finding of a body in a
trunk. The railway authorities at Cour
ville reported to the police that a trunk
among the luggage in their possession
emitted almost overpowering stench, and
they had reason to believe that it con
tained a body. The police arrested a man
and woman who claimed the trunk, and
j on opening it discovered the nude body oi
; a young man.
The man and woman explain the pos
j session of the body by saying that a man
: named Bernard asked them to take the
body to Paris in a trunk in order to save
the expense of acoflin. The couple gave
an address in Paris as their residence, but
the police could find no evidence of their
; ever having been there.
Striker a Are Desperate.
ROME, Italy, May 23.— The strike of
straw plaiters in the city and province of
'■ Florence has reached a high pitch of dis
; order. Yesterday the strikers paraded
throughout the province and compelled a
complete stoppage of the work still being
done in a number of factories, and burned
i all tbe finished stock and un worked straw
on the premises. A desperate conflict
took place in Florence between strikers
and carbineers, and a number of the latter
were wounded. A detachment of infantry
was finally summoned to disperse the mob.
The Crete Insurrection.
ATHENS, Gr.r.ECE, May 23.— Advices
from Candia, Crete, say that 2fJOO insur
gents are holding strong positions and
have besieged the Turkish garrison at
Vanos, 1300 strong, since May 17. The be
sieged garrison has food enough for only
two days more.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
LATEST GOTHAM GOSSIP
Politicians Interested in the
Visit of Matt Quay to
McKinley.
Cau.se of the Failure of Abbey,
Schoeffel & Grau, the Theatrical
Managers.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 23. - Local
politicians of the anti-McKinley striDe
were interested greatly last night in Quay's
visit to Major McKinley. They were sure
it did not indicate that the Pennsylvania
bosg had gone into the McKinley camp,
nor anything liice it. They had to admit,
however, that they did not see why Quay
had gone to Canton.
Under no circumstances will Leri P.
Morton accept a renominatton for Gov
ernor. Morton wants the Presidency, and
failing to get that he intends to retire from
i public life at the expiration of his term
| on December 31 next.
The anchors of the creat white warships
| lvinc idle down the bay will be raised
(within a few days, ami the fleet will run
out to sea for a drill. Rear Admiral
Bunce. commanding the squadron, has
been preparing for a series or fleet drills
off Sandy Hook, where he can limber up
both ships and men. A large section of
the Atlantic Ocean has been chartered for
the white squadron's evolutions.
A vast imaginary triangle has been
made, bounded on tbe north and south by
the regular steamship routes and on the
eastward by a slanting line a hundred
miles out from shore. Withm this space
the war vessels will have plenty »f eea
room. No steamships will be unexpectedly
Zooming up in fofcor arkness on the bows
of men-of-war, and sailing vessels are not
expected to get in line with the projectiles
that will be fired from the big euns.
The assienment of Abbey, Schoeffel <fc
Grau has created a sensation in the dra
matic world. Tne cause, briefly told, is as
follows:
The opera seasons since 1891 have been
continuous successes, but ihe half million
profits could not stem ttie tide of dramatic
disaster that has been setting against the
firm. Among all the long list of great or
lesser actors and actresses whom the firm
may have managed duiine the past few
years Irving and Bernhardt arc almost the
only ones who have broaght a profit to the
partner!, the Lillian Russell Company
heading the disastrous list with losses of
nearly $200,000. Under Abbey, Schoeffel
<fc Grau's direction many of the most dis
tinguished players and vocalists of foreign
lands made their bow to tne New York
public.
On the evening of November 8, 1880, Ab
bey introduced Mme. Sarah Bernhardt.
who took the entire country by siorm.
Mrs. Langtry was the next novelty served
up by Mr. Abbey. She made her first ap
pearance on our stage on the evening of
November 6, 1882. Then came Henry
Irving and Ellen Terry on October 29, 1883.
Coquelin appeared here in the fall of
1888, and Mme. Jane Hadine opened at
Abbey's Theater in January, 18! M. In No
vember, 1887, the boy pianist, Josef Hoff
man, was presented by Mr. Abbey at the
Metropolitan Opera-house and scored an
enormous success.
They also managed Sarasate, the violin
ist, and Eugene d'Albert the prince of
French pianists.
Mounet-Sully appeared at Abbey's thea
ter on the evening of March 2b, 1894. Re
jane and Beerbohm Tree were other recent
importations. Wilson Barrett, Modjeska
nd Lillian Russell have also been directed
•byMr. Abbey.
Messrs. Abbey & Grau's exploits ia
the dreaded domain ruled by tne prima
donna and the tenor have been no less note
worthy. The divine Patti sang for them
. through the season of 1887-88 and again in
1890.
Mme. Christine Nilsson was first heard
here under Abbey's management in Bos
ton November 1, 1882, and again in the
season of 1888-84. Albani sang here
through two seasons. To them we owe
the pleasure of having heard the brothers
De Reszke, Meiba and Emma Eames.
I Calve was brought to us by Abbey & Grau.
In a word, all the great ones associated
with tne most splendid' vocal achieve
ments of the world have been cajoled by
I Abbey into casting their pearls broadcast
in America.
ADJUNTING FREIGHT RATES.
The Trana-Mitaouri Committee Hettlta
ttome I'ninta in Diapute.
DENVER, Colo., May 23.— The Trans-
Missouri freight rate committee to-day de
ferred action on the matter of grain rates
eastbound from Missouri River points.
Exceptions on certain commodities were
granted in favor ot the Union Pacific in
the adjustment of the Utah common
point tariffs. These exceptions are cement,
lumber, shinzles and several similar arti
cles. The basis of percentage cranted the
Southern Pacific on I'tah common point
business was fixed at 75 per cent of the
Missouri River tariff to Utah points. A
wool rate of $2 all rail and $1 95 rail and
water, I'tah to Boston, was established.
This settles another matter which hasloug
been a vexed question.
FIRED UPON THE TRAMPH.
Clerk Mark Fatally Wounded a Member
of a Tough Trio.
ALMA, Xebr., May 23.— Three trfcmps
attempted to break into T. M. Willet's
store early this morning, but while at
tempting to raise a window they woke
Ralph Mock, a clerk who sleeps in the
store, and he tired through the window
and hit one of them, who fell, but was
carried away by his pals. He was found
on the sidewalk about a quarter of a miie
south of the store and gave his name as
Dan Hardy. He says his relatives live in
Sacramento, Cal. He will die, as he is
shot through the intestines. Tne others
escaped.
"COUNTY SHINCEN'S SENTENCES.
Muat Serve Four Yrars and F.ight Months i
for His I ntf.it Rurglary.
ALBANY, N. V., May 23. — "Count"
Max Shinburn, one oi the most daring
bank burglars and who during his career
has stolen upward of $f>,000,000 from the
banks of this country and Europe, was
yesterday convicted on the charge of bur
glary of the second degree, in breaking
into the Middleburg National Bank, in
Schoharie County, and sentenced to four
years and eight months in Danneinora.
A Sheriff from New Hampshire was at
Schoharie all during the trial, and was
ready with papers to arrest Shinburn in
case the jury should acquit him on the
Middleburg charge.
Last night there was an extra guard
placed around the jail, so that it would be
impossible for Shinburn to escape. The
burglary at the Middleburg bank was com
mitted in February, 1895. Brown, Shin
burn's accomplice, was sentenced six
months ago to four years and six months.
Shinburn did not speak once during the
trial.
GENERAL FAIRCHILD DEAD.
Made a Good Record an a Soldier and
Statesman.
MADISON. Wis., May 23.— General
Lucius Fairchild died from heart failure
at 7 o'clock this evening. He had been
seriously ill for only a few days. He was
a native of Ohio, Co years of age; a hiwyer,
but never practiced; lost an arm in the
war; was Secretary of State; then three
times Governor; afterward Consul-General
to Liverpool and Minister to Spain. Later
he was comniander-in-chief of ihe G. A. R,
and Loyal Legion. A widow and three
daughters survive him.
YOU
NEVER
KNOW
The whole-soul blissful happiness of
life until after you have suffered and
have been cured of nervousnes.
DR. McKENZIE'S
New
Nerve
Treatment
Will make a nerveless man, a pale, deli-
cate woman, or a fretful, fitful creature
sound, yes, as sound as a dollar.
JOY'S
BALDWIN
PHARMACY
Is the place to eet Mr. McKenzie'i
nerve treatment. Call or write.
Joy's, Hood's or Ayers
Sarsaparilla 65«
Paine's Compound 60c
Munyon's 16c
PERFUMES
FROM
EVERY
MAKER.
JOY'S BALDim PHARMACY
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL),
Powell and Market Sts.
Mall Orders Promptly Attned*4 To.
34
STANFORD FACULTY
PLAYS BASEBALL.
Dr. Jordan's Aggregation of
Stars Beaten by the
Seniors.
THEORY VS. PRACTICE.
Intricate Calculations of the
Tutors Fail to Win the
Game.
THEIR PLAY TOO SCIENTIFIC.
The University President Retreats
Before a Fly Sent Into His
Territory.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
23.— The event to-day and one of the main
features of the commencement week pro
gramme was the customary game between
the faculty baseball nine and the graduat
ing class nine. Until last year the faculty
aggregation had proved too strong for the
graduates, but in the 1895 game they suf
fered a bad defeat. To-day they fell again
before the students, though their defeat
was far from a discreditable one, the score
bting 28 to 23 when the affair ended.
The seniors evidently expected a much
easier victory and -were surprised at the
pertinacity of tne professors in climbing
up the tally sheet.
A crowd of fully 1500 people, most of
them students but many of them visitors
from neighboring towns, turned out to see
Dr. Jordan and his nine play ball. The
seniors seemed bent on rattling the
"profs." for not content with the ordinary
vestments of the ballplayer they donned
odds and ends of all sorts — lounging suits,
bloon.ers. loose shirts and anything else
that might add absurdity to their appear
ance. Their faces were colored as black as
Eoot could make them and as the game
progressed and the hot sun got in its work
they presented an appearance not unlike a
barn-storming minstrel aggregation after
a mile foot race.
The faculty put up pretty good ball, ex
cept for a few wild throws, and showed
that if the members would leave their re
searches tor a short time they would nave
no trouble in disposing of most base oall
aggregations. There was a good deal of
good-natured guyine of the dignified pro
fessors, who, however, Beemed to enjoy
the sport immensely and were well satis
fied with the showing they made.
Dr .Jordan usually plays first base, but
he was made so sore and stiff last year by
the unaccustomed exercise that he was
bothered for some days afterward, and de
termined to prevent a recurrence of such
afflictions by playing as center nelder,
where he hoped to have little to do.
The game lasted nearly three hours, but
there were so many lav hable incidents
and so many exciting moments that the
match was interesting throughout.
The faculty men went first to the bat.
Professor Murray, who handles Greek and
baseball with equal skill, took first on
balls, and the crowd yelled, "Murray!
Murray! Good boy, Murray!" as he slid to
second according to the rules prescribed
by Horace. This bothered the senior
pitcher, and Murray reached third on a
wild ball. In the meantime Professor
Richardson, who is an adept chemist, also
negotiated first on lour balls and stole sec
ond. Professor Kelloeg Wt-ntout on a pop
fly and Hoskin reached first on Morrison's
wild throw, while the Greek exponent and
the chemist trotted over the plate.
Dr. Jordan now came to the bat and pre
sented a formidable appearance as he drew
back to swat the ball. The doctor ap
parently didn't "have his eye with him,"
though after a foul or two he was encour
aged by shouts ol "You're all rieht, doc
tor," and "Now you've found it!" Van
derveer's curves were evidently nonplusing
the doctor's theories on evolution, when
his life was saved by a passed ball, which
Morrison failed to hold on the third strike.
Dr. Jordan had a substitute from the
Varsity run the bases for him, and he sat
on the players' bench with a satisfied air
as his substitute stole second.
Professor Hoskins came in on a passed
ball, and Professor Fish, whose vocation is
that of expounder of the art of civil engi
neering, ran a liner out to Vanderveer and
failed to reach first on his calculation.
In the seniors' half no score was made.
Frankenheimer flew out to Dr. Angell,
whose psychological training evidently
fitted him for a first-class fielder. Nagel
hit safely, but was caught out while trying
to evade second baseman Angell's vigilant
regard. McLaine reached first, stole sec
ond and third in a daring manner, which
came near causing the faculty men to lose
their calm and deliberation ; but he "died"
on third, Reynolds striking out.
The faculty were si;ut out in their half
of the second. Professor Young of the
chemistry department being the only man
who could find the ball. In the second
half six runs were netted, chiefly on wild
throws by the professors.
The third was an interesting part of the
game, for here the faculty tied the score.
Professor Kellogg, the bugologist of the
university, found Vandet veer's twisters
similar to the fleas on which the professor
is authority— they are mighty hard to
touch, and, as a result, he didn't touch
them. Professor Hoskins. by one of his
intricate mathematical formulas, made an
apparently safe hit, but, unfortunately,
was slow in getting down to first and was
put out. Dr. Jordan concluded to try the
efficacy of patience when he came to the
bat and was rewarded by getting his base
on balls, and his substitute made a run
for him. Dr. Wood followed Dr. Jordan's
example and also made a run on clever
base-stealing and Angell's and Fish's hits.
Wood and Fish both came in and Profes
sor Murray fanned out.
The seniors maie two more runs in the
third— Fife and Vanderveer coming in.
Again the "profs" tied the score in the
lourth inning, making two runs. But the
seniors in their half went clear out of
range by making five runs. The mentors
were kept c asine all over the field for
long hits. One fly was iined out to Dr.
Jordan's territory, but when it hove into
sight the president of Leland Stanford Jr.
University made up his mind that discre
tion was the better part of valor, and took
the ball on the bound instead of on the
fly, much to the amusement of the spec
tators.
In the second half of the fifth, with the
warn sunding 14 to 10, the professors
were again given more exercise than they !
hud had in a long time, and the seniors
accumulated nine additional runs, a ma
jority of them on long hits. People began
to think that the tutors should save them
selves from complete annihilation by de
claring the game off; but they didn't
know the grit in the professors' constitu
tions, for the faculty brought up their
score to 23 by some very skillful ball
playing.
Following is the score:
Faculty. a-b. ». Ib. sb. r.o. a. k.
Murray. 1. f 5 5 2 0 0 11
Kiehurdson, c 5 2 12 7 2 3
KellOKg, p 7 1 2 0 O 4 •_»
Hoaklna, s. s 7 2 0 12 4 2
Jordan, c.f 4 4 2 2 0 0 0
AV.od, lb 4 2 2 0 6 0 3
Fish, r. f 5 3 2 0 0 10
Young, 3b 5 2 1113 4
Angell. 2b 5 2 118 7 1
Totals 47 '23 13 7 2~1 22 1C
SKNIOBS. A.B. K. 18. 8.8. P.O. A. X
Fraukenbeimer, 1. f. 6 2 4 2 10 2
Nagel. c. f 7 110 10 0
Mci'iaine, 3b 6 2 3 4 2 2 2
Keynolds, l!b 7 3 114 0 0
life, s. s 5 6 4 5 0 3 2
Campbell, lb 6 2 4 1 12 1 0
Vanderveer, p 5 5 13 0 7 1
Morrison, c 4 1 2 0 7 2 2
Totals 48 28 21 18 27 15 8
BCSS BY I>TNINGB.
Faculty 3 0 3 2 2 8 1 4-23
Seniors 0 6 2 510 2 3 0-28
ALL THE FAVORITES BEATES.
Six Thousand Saw Mlcita Win the Lake-
side Handicap.
CHICAGO, 111., May 23.— Over 6000 peo
ple saw Nikita win the Lakeside handicap
at Lakeside to-day. All the favorites were
bowled over. Ike Brown, winner of the
Stockyards Derby, was a 4 to 5 favorite,
but that event from a racing standpoint
was a farce.
Six furlongs, Lucinda^won, Cunarder second,
B. F. Fly Jr. third. Time, 1 :17»£.
Four furlongs, Ethel Farroll won, Devoir
second, Vanessa third. Time, :51.
Five furlongs, owneTß' handicap, Rubber
neck (by Himyar) won, Irene Woods second,
HI Henry third. Time, 1:01?,'.
Stockyards Derby, half a "mile, Ike Brown
won, E. Farrell second, Lady C second. Time,
:55'^.
One mile, Xikita won, Redskin second, Kam
sin third. TJme, 1:43»<,'.
Brren furlongs, Ulenoid"won, Queen Bess
second, Connemara third. Time, 1 :17.
Six iurlongs, Ingoruar won, Waterman
second, Simmons third. Time, 1:29 1^.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 23.— Fully 5000
people saw Blitzen's Sister walk away with
the purse in the Debutante stake. She
was a decided favorite and won easily.
Three other favorites won,
Four and a half furlongs, Lincoln v 3n, Satyr
secmid, Senator Penrose third. Time, 1 :02V 3 .
Five furlongs, Gsth won. Tartarian second,
Neutral third. Time, 1 :07*4.
Beven furlongs, David won, Loader Ban sec
ond, Linda third. Time,l:o6.
Four and a half furlongs, Blitzen's Sister
won, Gleny second, Alverde third. Time, :53 1 v
Six furlongs, Damocles won, Johnnie M<-Haie
second, Robert Latta third. Time, I :s3 : \{,
One mile and a furlong, Crevasse won, Muit
alonge second, Billy McKenzie third. Time,
2 :06 i;.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, May
29.— Tne track was deep in mud to-day
and all the winners, with one exception,
were long shots.
Four and a half furlongi, Scarfpin won. Ori
mar second, J. Walter third. Time, :58&
Six and a half furlongs, selling, Landseer
won. llulbert second, Richfield third. Time,
1 :26k.
Six furlongs. Roy Caruthers won. F F V sec
ond, Cherry Leaf third. Time, 1 :05U,'.
Mile and a sixteenth, Lasuntiviile staked,
value $2000, Csesarian won, Lady Inez second,
Semper Lex third. Time, 1 :52.
Mile, Galon dOr won, Ken Holliday second,
Hardeuburg third. Time, 1:45' 4 .
Six and a half furlongs, selling, Harry Shan
no-, won, Chicot second, Hanlon third. Time,
MOKRIB PARK RACETRACK, N. V.,
May 23.— Fine weather, a large crowd and
an excellent programme were the features
here to-day. The principal event on the
card was (he race for the Gotham stakes,
a handicap for three-vear-oids ana up
ward, and it was captured by St. Maxim,
the favorite, without a semblance of an
effort, from Keenan, with Belmar third.
The ladies' stakes, for fillies, three years
old, was won by Intermission, an 8 '.o 1
shot, to the surprise of every one. One I
Love was considered a sure winner, and
was sent to the post a 1 to 5 favorite.
Seven furlongs, Glenmoyne won. Domingo
second, Aureliau third. Time, 1:30.
Five furlongs. Horoscope won, Kidelln sec
ond, Golden Dream third. Time, l:01£.
The Gotham, a handicap, mile, St.' Maxim
won, Keenan second, Belmar third. Time
1:41%.
Ihe ladies, mile. Intermission v.-r>n, Caaette
second, St. Agnes third. Time, 1 :43^.
Mile, Premier won, Cromwell BtCund, The
Swain third. Time, 1:42.
Mile and a furlong, Hornpipe won, Lonsdnlc
second, Prig third. Time, 1:97%. Eclipse fin
isrtied first, but was disqualified for fouling
Hornpipe.
On the Ball Field.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 23.— The
Clevelands batted out a victory to-day, al
though they made enough errors in the
field to have lost an ordinary game. In
the second inning Long and Hamilton col
lid ed in the center while running for a
"fly" and the former was carried from the
lieki insensible. The batting of McAleer
was the ieature of the came. Score :
Clevelands. 072008001—13 18 6
Bosons 001102100—6 9 8
Batteries— Young ana Zimmer; Btiveits and
Bergen, t'mplre— Weidmaii.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 23.— 80 th
Meekin and Ehret pitched good ball, but
the support given the latter was very
ragged at times. In the sixth inning the
Reds pounded out two earned runs, but
Meekin settled down and they could not
touch him after that. Score:
Cincinnatls. 0000 02 0 0 o—2 7 5
.New Yorks o'2oo 10 1 0 O— 4 8 '2.
Kauerles— Ehret and i J eiiz, Meekin and Wilson.
Umpire— Keefe.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 23.— T0-day's
game abounded in sharp fielding by both
sides. Breitenstein was hit bard. He had
a finger hurt In practice Thursday and
should not hate attempted to pitch. Ken
nedy's work was of star quality after the
first inning. All the close decisions
favored Brooklyn. Tho half holiday in
creased the attendance to 3500. Score:
St. Louis 3UOOOOUOO-U 9 1
Brooklyns 1 0 110010 2—B 14 2
Batteries— Breltenateh: and Murphy, Kennedy
and Burrill. Umpire— Lynch.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 23.— Baltimore
hit Smith hard to-day and Louisville put
up a miserable game in the field. Attend
ance 3500. Score:
Loulsvillfs 010 00 0 ■-' 01— 4 97
Baltimores. 0111*0261 — la 11 0
Batteries— Smith »nd Miller, Hemming and
llobinsou. Umpire— Hurst.
CHICAGO, 111., May 23.— After one of
the worst fielding games ever seen in this
city the home team took the second of the
series from the Senators to-day. Terry
was hit hard by the visitors, but not at the
right time. Score:
Chicaeos 211310300—11 16 7
Wksblnwoas. 20S0 10 2 10— 9 10 8
Batteries— Terry and Kittridge; Maul and Me-
Gulre. Umpire— Sheridan.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 23.-Pittsburg
had no trouble in winning from Philadel
phia to-day, batting Carsey's pitching all
over the field. Killen was very strong at
critical stages. Clements was hurt on the
knee by a foul tip and Boyle finished the
game. Attendance Score:
IMtlsburgn. 3503003 10—15 16 4
I'liU.idelphlas 01010 12 0 2—7 11 7
Batteries— Killen and *ugden: Carsey and Clem
ents. Umpire— i^mslie.
San Jo** Road Race.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 23.— The Colum
bus Cycling Club will hold the sixth of a
series of five-mile handicap road races over
the East San Jose course to-morrow. The
trophy contestea for is a told medal. The
entries and handicaps areas follows: H.
I'erazzo, 2 mm. 15 sec; V. Arzino, 1:30-
N. Spinetti, 1:15; J. Spinetti, 1:00; z!
Kunuardt, :40; Jamas Ferri, :30; Hour
tieg, :30: J. Lial, :20; F. Cianciarulo,
scratch.
Hroke Four World* Record*.
DENVER, Colo., May23.-A. H. Hughes
broke four world's records to-day on the
D.'nver Wheel Club track. They are:
Two-thirds of a mile, 1:14 1-5; three
quarters of a mile, 1:22 4-5; one mile
1 50 2-5: two miles, 3:56 3-5. He was paced
by a quad ridden by amateurs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
POLITICS ON THE
PACIFIC COAST,
Nevada Democrats Name
Their Delegates to
Chicago.
FREE COINAGE FAVORED
Cleveland Indorsed Except as to
His Single Standard
Policy.
STORMY LOS ANGELES MEETING
Railroad Forces Routed at a Session
of the Democratic County
Committee.
CARSON, Nev., May 23- — The meeting
of the Democratic State Central Commit
tee at Carson to-day was largely attended.
Judge Healy, the chairman, presided.
The platform adopted declares for the
free and unlimited coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1, regardless of the action of
foreign nations; indorses the action of
President Cleveland in upholding the
Monroe doctrine, and indorses his entire
administration, with the exception of his
views on the financial question; declares
that the Democratic party is opposed to a
high protective tariff or the re-enactment
of the McKinleylaw; favors a tariff that
will produce sufficient revenue for the sup
port of the Government, economically
administered; deplores the existence of
secret political societies, whose object is
the abridgment of the liberties of any
class of citizens on account of religious
belief; declares the party is the friend of
the laboring men, and expresses itself in
sympathy with every effort to secure to
them a full and just compensation for
their labors, and recommends tho estab
lishment of a tribunal of arbitration in
which justice may be always done in all
disputes between capital and labor.
The following delegates to the National
Democratic Convention at Chicago were
elected : General R. P. Keating, Storey
County; Jacob Kline, Ormsby County;
Dr. J. W. Petty, Elko County ; J. C. Hager
man, Washoe County: Joseph Raycraft,
Ormsby County. The following are alter
nates: A. C. House, White Pine County;
John Neidy, Esmeralda County; Colonel
E. P. Hardesty, Elko County; J. A. Miller,
Lander County; John Chiatovich, Esmer
alda County; T. W\ Healy, Ormsby
County.
The delegates were instructed to urge
the insertion of a plank in the National
platform demanding the free and un
limited coinage of silver at the ratio of 16
to 1. A resolution was adopted calling for
the Democratic State Convention to be
held in Carson City on Septemb r 10, 189 C,
for the purpose of nominating a State
ticket.
LOS ANGELES DEMOCRATS.
Railroad Forces Defeated at a Stormy
Meeting of the County Central
Committee.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., ilay 23.—Lookers
on at the meeting oi the Los Angeles Coun
ty Democratic Central Committee ai Turner
Hall this afternoon saw one of the most
vociferous contests ever occurring in this
city. Such eulogistic and complimentary
expressions as, "You are an infamous
liar," l> Sitdown : there, you contemptible
cur," were common. At one time a free
fight seemed imminent. This was when
John W. Mitchell of Cahuenga at the close
of a long upeech by Joseph Simons of Pas
adena in favor of precinct primaries, dur
ing which some uncomplimentary allu
sions were niaae to those "underlings who
wore the Southern Pacific collar," sprang
to his feet and pointing an outstretched
hand toward Simons, said:
"1 am not one of those to be anathema
tized by that cowardly villain."
fcimons, who was* .several feet distant
trom Mi'chell, made a move as though to
attack the imie but diminutive lawyer
from the country. Twenty men were on
their feet in an instant. The room was
jammed, scores of men standing and yell
iuk at the top of their voices, while Cuair
niaii Stephens poundt-d a table into kin
dling wood with a Uignianzanita stick.
George Patton was the diplomatist of
the meeting, and in a manner earnest but
persuasive carried bis points at every turn
against the railway contingent, heaacu by
Ramish, Mitchell and "'Arcade Depot"
McLaffery. The final vote, however, was
very close, the precinct plan defeating
ward primaries by two votes only out of a
to.al of eighty-four. After this the rail
road workers left the hall and all went off
smoothly and amicably.
The chief significance of the result is
that Geoige S. ration will be nominated
lor Congress and for the second lime will
try conclusions with James VcLachlan of
Pasadena; and h strong delegation will go
to the State Convention from L,os An^i-Jes
County in favor of a pronounced anti
fundiug resolution and a resolution iv the
Congressional Convention oi tiie Sixth
District in favor of a San Pedro harbor
appropriation only.
The time lor the primaries was set for
Tuesday. June 2. Tue County Convention
will be Held at Turner Hall "on Saturday,
June 13, commencing at 10 a. m.
Chico Vmte* Agmintt Bond*.
CHICO, Cal., May 23.- The election to
day to decide as to bonding the public school
district for $30,000 to build a high school
resulud in favor of no bonds. The con
test was exciting and caused numerous
heated discussions between citizens. A
few weeks ago the question of building a
high school was submitted to the voters of
this district and was carried. Now bonus
saving been oe.eated, the $30,000 must be
raised by a direct tux.
Merced County Hemocrat*.
MERCED, Cal., May 23.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee to-day
appointed the following delegates to the
State Convention at Sacramento on June
16: Ed McCabe, E. L. Sturgeon, Dr. E. S.
O'Brien, T. C. Law and S. K. Spears.
Resolutions indorsing the National and
State administrations were passed.
SiMkiynu f utinty Delegate*.
YREKA, Cal., May 23.— The Democratic
County Central Committee this evening
elected as delegates to the State Conven
tion James F. Farraher, H. H. Gillis, M.
J. Fay. John A. Fairchild, C. \V. Nutting,
J. S. Matthews, H. H. Paterson.
•Santa limb ira H'alnut-tj rnweri.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 23.—
The walnut-growers of this county met
in convention at the City Hall to-day to
effect a permanent organization. Elwood
Cooper was elected chairman and F. E.
Kellog secretary, and a committee of
three was appointed to draft constitution
and by-laws. By the time this season's
crop is ready the association will be in the
field prepared to handle the market and
the entire product of the county. Santa
Barbara County is one of the most impor
tant walnut proJucinjr sections of the
State, the crop not only being a large one,
but ranking high in quality.
SAN JOSE TEST CASE.
Liquor-Dealers Will Attempt to Nullify an
Ordinance Regulating the
Traffic.
SAN JOSE. Cal., May 23.— P. Bangui
netti, William Neifer, A. Lindu md John
Dougherty, saloon-keepers, were arraigned
before Justice Gass this morning: on the
charge of conducting saloons outaide the
liquor-license district. They all pleaded
not guilty, and their trials were set for
May 27. The ordinance under which they
were arrested went into effect on May 1,
and its legality will now be tested.
D. Lozier, who was convicted a few days
ago of selling liquor without a license,
was fined $100 by Justice Gass this morn
ing. C. Vandorp, who pleaded guilty to
the same offense, was fined |40.
HINERNTANS TO CONFENE.
Preparations for the Enttrtminmtnt of
the Grand Dirmoii.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May '23.— The local
lodges of Hibernians are making prepara
tions for the entertainment of the dele
gates to the Grand Division of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians, which convenes in
this city on June 1. On Tuesday, Jntw 2,
the delegates will attend a solemn high
mass at tit. Patrick's Church in a body.
Rev. Father Crowley, chaplain of the or
der, will officiate. In the evening they
will be tendered a banquet. The sessions
will close Wednesday morning, and in the
afternoon the delegates will be taken for a
drive abont the city.
FOUL PLAT IS FEARED.
The foreman of a Couitland Ranch Dis-
appears in San ./<<>•.
SAN JOSE, Cai... May 23.— A. S. Stew
art, an orehardist of Courtland, Sacra
mento County, is in the city searching for
William Skcring. Skjring had been em
ployed by Stewart as foreman of his ranch
for several years, and on April obtained
a leave of absence for a few days in order
to come to this city to close a real estate
transaction. He promised to return in
three days, but since then has not been
heard of. He had considerable money
with him. and it is feared he has met with
some accident or foul play. Skoring is a
German, about 40 years of age.
Henry 11. Anderson Dead.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 23. — Henry
Hutchens Anderson, aeeds3, n well-known
grocer, died suddenly this evening in his
store at 362 South First street from a hem
orrhage of the lungs. He has been in
ill health for some time. Anderson was
born in Cincinnati. Ohio, and came to San
Jo.se in 187 H. He enlisted in the Thirty-
Fourth Ohio Volunteers and was soonjpro
nioted to a lieutenantcy and later was
Captain of an artillery company. He
leaves a widow and four children.
Accused by llrv Husband.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 23.— Mrs. Amelia
Narvaez, a young Spanish woman, was
arraigned before Justice Dwyer to-day on
a charge of being unfaithful to her mar
riage vows, the complainant being her
husband, Prank Narvaez. Supreano Che
verie is named as co-reapondent. Her ex
amination was set for June 4. She was re
leased on S^k) baiL
NEW PORT BEACH MURDER
Peter Julian Assassinated by a
Rival for the Affections
of a Girl.
Hacked to Death With a Hatchet and
Razor While Sleeping in His
Cabin.
SANTA ANA, Cal., May 23.— The most
horrible butchery in the history of Orange
County was committed at Newport Beach
last night. Peter Julian, a French fisher
man, was murdered in his cabin some
lime after 11 o'clock by an unknown per
son. The unfortunate man was evidently
attacked while in bed, the entire left side
of his head being cut to a pulp with a
hatchet, and his throat, hands and breast
slashed with a razor. In all there were
thirty-one cuts and gashes on his head and
body.
This morning Joe Serey entered Julian's
cabin for some wine. The two had spent
the evening before at Serey's house at wine
and cards, Julian departing about 11
o'clock, considerably intoxicated. On en
tering his triend'a house Serey found the
mutilated body of the murdered man on
the lloi>r.
Sheriff Nichols and Coroner Clark were
telephoned for, and the former was soon
on the ground. Within an hour he had a
laborer, Antonio Saccocnia, under guard
on suspicion, and to-night it seems that he
has the right man.
Julian had been courting Serey's
daughter. Jessie, and it had been known
for some time that Saccochia was madly
jealous. A week ago he remarked that
Julian had better look out or he would do
him up. Little attention was paid to the
threat at that time, but it now appesfts
that Saccochia was terribly in earnest.
Julian was 38 years of age, and came to
Newport from San Pedro nine months
ago. He was a widower, with three chil
dren in the Anaheim Convent an«l throe
in Los An*;ele3. A half-brother, Vincent
Moresich, lives at Avalon, Catalina Island.
STOCKTON'S BOLD THIEF.
Attempt* to Mob a Store Safe in Early
livening'
STOCKTON, Cal., May 23.-A bold at
tempt at safe robbery was made shortly
after 7 o'clock this evening. Charles Han
sen', better known as "Crippled Charley,"
a frequenter of the tenderloin district, en
tered the grocery store of Gianelli Bros.,
at the corner of Hunter and Market
streets, and in the absence of the book
keeper slipped into the office. He was just
openinc the inner door of the safe when
Joe Gianelli, the senior partner, entered.
Gianelli seized Hansen, but the robber
threw h.m aside and made his way to the
rear of the store and out into the back
yard.
Police Captain Simpson and John Craig
passed the store at this juncture and
Gianelli called to them. Hansen was still
in the rear of the place and they placed
him under arrest and took him to jail.
Hansen has the reputation of being a
dangerous man. Several years ago he
gave two of the- best police officers on the
force the hardest fight of their lives. He
is the man who was found in possession of
$7000 worth of promissory notes stolen
:rom Gianelli Bros.' safe last week. He
claimed to have found them, and no case
could be made against him then. Hansen
is addicted to the use of morphine.
Rail Fatality Xear Trmpleton.
TEMPLETON, Cal., May 23.-The
northbound passenger train this morning
ran over and killed David Peterson near
this city. Peterson was about 30 years of
age and a woodcliopper. Thirty-seven
dollars in coin and a Droken whisky llask
were found in his pocket the latter pre
sumably accounting for the accident, since
the man was not deaf, and the customary
warnings were triea in vain.
Is marvelous. It is indeed the marvel of trie nineteenth century. This wonderful rem-
edio-treatment has been indorsed by the leading scientific men of the world, and has
cured hundreds and hundreds of unfortunates who have suffered years and years. This
wonderful vegetable preparation, this remarkable remedio-treatment, this singular dis-
covery cures prematureness of discharge in twenty days.
-J-CURES-r-
Lost Manhood — Nervous Debility— Blues — Melancholy — Constipation — Falling Sensa-
tions — Dizziness — Lack of Energy — Lack of Power Lack of Capacity — Nervous
Twitching of the Eyes and other parts; indeed, the entire system 'is strengthened v and
invigorated by wonderful Hudyan. Hudyan cures Nervousness. Debility and stops
emissions. Hudyan develops and restores weak organs. Pains in back, pains in loins,
heavy, dull, blue feelings are cured by the Hudyan treatment. If you are suffering
from bad dreams, if you always feel blue, tired aud disconsolate, if you are looking into
the depths of despair, if your eyes are bleared, your appetite gone and your ambition
lost Hudyan will cure you. Hudyan will brace you up. Hudyan will give you back
your youth. You will be enabled to work as you have worked. If you need the great
Hudyan don't allow false pride and false modesty to keep you away from it. Hudyan
cures bad blood and dries up ulcers.
You Can't Sleep.
If you can't sleep, if you stay awake all night and are unable to stop thinking,
if when you get up in the morning you feel sore and emaciated, it is time for you to use
the great Hudyan. Anyway, you ought to learn something about Hudyan. Circulars
explain. Write or call for them.
Hudyan Circular Free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Streets.
CRIME OF A
CHICO MANIAC
Aged Richard Little Kills
His Young Wife and
Himself.
RIFLE BALLS FOR BOTH.
An 0 ficer Coming to Arrest
Him for Insanity Arrives
Too Late.
TWO BAB3S ARE ORPHANED.
The Woman but Twenty Years of Age
and Her Slayer Ntaring
Sixty.
CHICO, Cal., May 28.— Just twenty
minutes prior to the arrival of an officer
with a warrant for his arrest for insanity
this afternoon Richard Little sent a bul
let through the heart of his wife and
ended his own life. The tragedy ocurred
shortly after ;i o'clock. Mrs. Little was a
pretty woman of 20 and her insane hus
band was thirty-live years her senior.
Two babes, one 3 years and the other 2
months old, were orphaned by their
father's crime.
Little had been acting strangely for
some time. The young wife told a neigh
bor this morning that her husband came
into her room in the night armed with a
gun and commanded her to go to sleep.
She did not wish anything said about it,
but the lady whom she told informed the
authorities that Little was crazy and a
warrant was thereupon issued for his
arrest.
The officer was on the way to serve it
when the tragedy was enacted.
A neighbor living near by gives partial
details ol the killing. Little came home
about 3 o'clock, walked into the kitchen
and sat down. Bin. Little picked up a
plate and went out into the backyard and
gave it to a friend and then went into ;he
house. Just as she intered the door her
I husband met her with a rifle, firing at her
! point blank. She fell dead. He then threw
' out the shell, reloaded the rifle, placed the
muzzle under his chin and touched the
triracer with a stick. The bullet severed
his jugular vein.
SUFFRAGISTS AT ORION.
Close of a Two- Day*' Ma**- Meeting of
JUendocino Women.
UKIAH, Cal., May 23.— The woman's
suffragists of Mendocino County have just
concluded a two-days' convention and
mass-meeting under the auspices of the
joint campaign committee of the Woman
Suffrage Association of California. The
convention opened on Friday afternoon
with a large attendance and after the
opening hymn and prayer Miss Harriet
Mills of New York, manager and presiding
officer of the convention, was introduced
by Mrs. Dr. Wycoff, president of the Polit
ical Equality Club of Ukiah.
Ten-minute papers were read as fol
lows: "Does Wife and .Mother Need the
Ballot? " Mrs. H. L. Eastman; "D>es the
Business Woman Need the Ballot?" Mrs.
L. F. McCray; "Does the Professional
Woman Need the Ballot?" Mrs. J. W. Ev
ersole.
In the evening Miss Elizabeth U. Yates
of Maine was in.roduced by Dr. E. G.
Case and delivered an interesting address
on "Woman uffrage" to a large and en
thusiastic audience.
Papers on "Does Taxpaying Woman
Need the Ballot?" and "Does the State
Need the Woman's Ballot?" were read by
Mrs. M. E. P. McCowen and Mrs. J. Q.
White this afternoon. Rev. Anna Shaw
conducted a question-box and many
queries were propounded to her and ap
parent reasons given why women should
not vote, but they were all answered by
logical argument by Miss Shaw.
Vkiah Bar* Peddler*.
UKIAH, Cal., May Ordinance No.
81, passed by the Board of Trustees of
Ukiah by a unanimous vote, went into ef
fect to-day. Under its terms a license of
$10 per quarter is imposed upon every
person or firm not having a regular place
of business, who sells goods or merchan
dise to persons not regularly. engaged in
carrying on such lines/whether such sale
is by sample or otherwise. Violation of
the provisions of the ordinance are deemed
misdemeanors and upon conviction the
offender shall be fined not to exceed $300
or imprisonment for three months or both
In default of the payment of fine impris
onment at the rate of one day for each $1
h«. »k* °v d jr* nc^ differ 3 rom that Passed"
by the allejo Trustees in that it only im
poses a fine upon such as sell to private
individuals,. No license i 3 exacted of those
I who sell to the trade.
■
SPECIAL OFFERING
OF HIGH-CLASS
* TAN TIES
; ■■■.-.■ ' •
JIJI^L $1-50
LADIES' TAN SOUTHERN Tits. nand-:urne4
sops, cloth top, stylish needle toe; all sizes and
widths— sl 60.
Jsk_Jlj& $1-50
LADIES' TAN OXFORD TIES, hand-turned
«'.l 'S. cloth or Kid top, n»edl«* or narrow square
to>s; all sizes and widths— Sl 60.
LA £, l £? > v. ; T " A <M*AiXrV 'LAS OXFORD
Jve^iSaU-ilTs B ° leSt BtriCt ' la " U ' lyle l »
. —
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
nn , Opposite Odd Fellows' Building.
Conntry orders receive prompt attention. ' •
' «A Ma •
9J W W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
gI'ECIALTY-DISKASES OF MKN I™
JJ Inn all forms of Blood, Skin Rnd Nervous Dig.
easesofaprlvKtenature. 6ver2oyears'experienc£
Book sent fr 5Si. l-atlents cured at Home Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9 to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sunday*. 10 to 12. Consul utlon free and
sacredly con fldential. Call ornddress "» u «
PfWP. BOMOIi MeNUI/TY. W.D., sEpSE
aoii Kcarny Street, San Jt ranciaco, CM,THE EMPORIUM'S
HOUSEWARMING,
A Big Battalion of Polica
Kept the Crowd on
the Move.
BABIES WERE CHECKED
JUST FOR FUN.
A Newsy Struck a Winifall
by Being the First to Enter
the Store.
PRESENTED WITH AN ENTIRE
NEW OUTFIT.
To-Morrow the Business Career Begins
and San Francisco Possesses the
First Store in the Land.
For an hour before they were opened
yer-ttrnay afternoon the crowd gathered
and increased about the doors of the Em
porium, until it became a crush not a little
alarming. And wi en they were thrown
back the lirst individual to enter was a
typical newsy. He swaggered down the
wide ai*ie in the van of the crowd with
the air of a man escorting nis guests over
hi< own possessions.
Manager Harper was standing at atten
tion in the rotunda when the boy came
forward, leading the charge. He recog
nized the arab as an omen— symbol of
good luck that was being thrust upon him.
It was an inspiration, and he grabbed the
ragged little urchin as something that
must not be allowed to get away. The
boy rebelled as an American citizen who
has rights that no manager of an Em
porium may curtail — for he thought he
was being arrested.
But on the contrary, as the first of the
invited public to enter the big store Man
ager Harper saw in the lad his especial
guest of honor. He escorted him over the
building, showed him the wonders till he
was sated with them, then he passed him
along from one head of a department to
another with instructions to allow him to
want for nothing.
Two hours after that a free delivery car
riage, wearine the coat of arms of the Em
porium, drove up to the door of Mrs. Don
ovan's humble Dome, at 2U2 Fifth street,
and three ladies, Mrs. Harper, Mrs. Howell
and Mrs. Gareo, stepped out. With them
was an elegantly dressed young man of 10
years, wu<">m the ladies introduced to Mrs.
Donovan as her son — late a street arab of
the most pronounced type.
Mrs. Donovan held up her two hands in
amazement and then turned him round
and round, almost refusing to believe.
The boy had been rigged out up and down
»nd through and through— new under
clothes, new shirt, new socks and collars
The Man for Whom the Emergency Hos
pital Was Provided and Who
L-isappointed the Doctors.
and cuffs and cay> and shoes and pants and
roundabout. The big barber-shop on the
mezzanine floor, the razors and scissors of
which were not to know employment un
til to-morrow, had been opened for the
rehabilitation of the mascot and he
•was now presented to his mother
enjoying with all these other things the
changed conditions of a new haircut and
shampoo. How could it be expected that
his mother would know him? He came
with money in his purse, too, for he had
protested that he was 10-ing time witn it
all and must be away to sell his papers.
So a man had given him a big round dol
lar. His picture had been taken also be
fore and after tl c wonder had been
wrought and the two will hang side by
side in the archives of the great store.
All this took some hours longer than it
taies to relate it, and in the meantime the
populace, released, had been trooping
. through the streets ana avenues of the
great building; the Emporium orchestra,
responding to the wave of John Mar
quardt's baton, had been filling the place
•witn music; department clerks had been
answering 7.000.000 or 8,000,000 ques
tions; Chief McCarthy, with a company of
twenty policemen, had been directing
tbe multitude how to find its way witnout
confusion from department to department.
Chief McCarthy Stood in the Breach
and Restrained the Throng.
W. D. Harper, General Manager, and W. E. Joslyn, Advertising Manager and
Secretary to the Board of Directors of the Emporium.
Eugene Donovan, the Newsboy Who
Struck a Windfall by Heing the
First to Enter the Big Store.
the pneumatic-tubes had been firing its
empty boxes to and from all parts of the
building for the mere entertainment of the
people, women had been checking their
babies in the nursery for the novelty of
the thing, and the doctor and his assistants
had been waiting in the eniergencv hos
pital for the maimed and battered vic
tims of the great crush that, happily,
did not put in an appearance. Secretary
Joslyn and the board of directors were
every where, receiving congratulations from
everybody. It was an epoch day in San
Francisco.
At 5 o'clock the stream of people was
checked at the doors and began to flow
backward until the big place was empty
of guests. For it was arranged that it
should be closed, and the clerks and man
agers and all hands should have a rest
and appear timely to make ready for the
evening reception.
At 7 o'clock somebody touched a button
and 10,000 lamps set the big building
ablaze, bringing into the broad light every
remote corner. The band began to play
| again and the throng to fill up the aisles.
It is estimated that 50,000 people passed
through the building last night. No time
could be allowed to stop and examine.
The only way the streets were kept free
was to keep the crowd moving. Sergeants
Shay, Con bov and Helms, with 110 men,
were detailed to the duty.
During the evening a number of flash
light photographs were taken of the
crowds in the rotunda and the different
departments.
It was not the intention of the manage
ment that any business should be done
yesterday, but it was decided later that
the refreshment department about the
bandstand should be opened for the re
freshment of the visitors, and a big run
was made upon them.
One of the grandest features of the open-
The Tired -Mother Leaves Her Baby and
Takes Away a • i.iim i heck.
ing display are the great show-windows,
containing to-day between $40,000 and
$50,000 worth of choice merchandise.
The feature which attracts the most at
tention is the reproduction, with appro
priate scenery and carefully modeled wax
rieures, of the famous painting, ' The Duel
of the Amazons."
This striking scene has been ingeniously
turned to advantage to advertise the
famous "R. and G." corsets, with which
the fair swordswomen are clothed. Noth
ing like it in window display has ever been
shown before in this City. The com
panion picture, entitled "The Reconcilia
tion," will shortly follow.
The windows attracted great attention
all day yesterday. The display is made
by J. W. Howell, who won first honors at
the Columbian Exposition in his line. He
has been especially engaged and will be
retained by the Emporium Company.
To-morrow the b:g store opens for busi
ness. The original plans of the company
fixed tne date of opening as the 4th of
February, and stocks were purchased lit
ting that time of the year, among them
$125,000 worth of cloak 3 and winter
suits and an immense stock of Paris
dresses that should have been sold befoie
Easter. "To these," says Secreuirv Jos
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
lyn, "we won't do a thing." In other
words, it is with such that tnat dream of
the woman shopper, the bargain counter,
is to be inaugurated in the big store on the
very first day.
To-morrow, then, will be put in actual
operation all the resources of the finest
store on earth. To-morrow women may go
here, leaving their babies meanwhile in
the care of expeiienced nurses in the
nursery, taking a check that will enable
them to he singled out in a crowd upon an
instant's notice, no matter how much they
may resemble the other babies. To-mor
row wives may begin to form the habit of
meeting their husbands at the Em
porium for lunch — a very elegant lunch —
or for consulting upon any of the
purchases for the household. To-morrow
men and women may go to The Emporium
if they have a letter to write and find ele
gant stationery free of cost and equally
elegant accommodations for writing. To
morrow the public may find at The Em
porium for the first time a free telephone
nt its service.
In a word San Francisco will find itself
in possession to-morrow of a department
store that is in advance of anything in the
world in that line. Under this roof every
want may be supplied. There are sixty
one great stores in one, all arranged with
the greatest convenience, equipped with
every conceivable appliance for the speedy
conduct of business without confusion.
Forty miles of pneumatic tubes concen
trate the money changing ol the vast es
tablishment in a central well, where nine
yoang women receive and Hash back the
little cylinders wittiout noise or loss of
time. Two hundred and ten miles of
electric wires carry cars, light and power
to every part of the building. In a word,
the Emporium is up to date — a twentieth
century institution.
The Emporium orchestra will give three
concerts a week— Tuesday, Thursday and
Saturday evenings — the year round. It
will be assisted by Mrs. Alexandra Breit
schuck-Marquardt, harp soloist.
The affairs of the Emporium are under
the direction of a board of managers com
posed of Messrs. Cole, If. S. Feder. M.
Greenebauui, A. Gruninger, with \V. K.
Joslyn, an energetic young newspaper
man, its secretary. Mr. Joslyn is also the
advertising manager.
The president of the company is A.
Feist and the general manager is W. D.
Harper.
in his speech at the private reception of
the press Mr. A. Feist, the president of
the Emporium Company, said:
"If, as one of the promoters of this en
terprise 1 am entitled to any credit, 1
am amply rewarded by the satisfaction
which the people assembled here to-night
seem to have upon its completion,
but I would not be fair were 1 to assume
an attitude of trying to usurp a credit
which is but partially due me, for it
must be borne in mind that the principal
consideration, in fact almost all credit is
due to the people who furnished the
sinews of war. I of course refer to Mrs.
Abbie M. Parrott and fter very able ad
viser, C. de Guigne. To them, gentlemen,
should be given the entire credit. Mrs.
Parrott has invested a vast fortune with
which a kind providence has endowed
her for the advancement of the interests
of our City and State, and in a time which
must be considered the very darkest com
mercial epoch which we have ever had on
this coast."
THE EMPORIUM BILDING.
The Electric and Machinery
Plant the Largest West
of Chicago.
One of the most interesting features
about the building is the machinery plant.
The magnitude of the building makes it
necessary for a vast amount of machinery
to be used, and in consequence an im
mense space is devoted to this particular
feature. The steam machinery was manu
factured and installed by the Union Iron
Worfcs of this City, the well-known
builders of warships, and the climax of
whose success in this line was reached in
the record recently made by the Oregon,
the fastest Hhip of its class in the world.
The machinery for the building was all
built from special designs made by the
Union Iron Works to suit the unusual re
quirements of this vast structure. There
are four engines employed, viz. : three ver
tical triple-expansion condensing engines
of 300 horsepower each and one vertical
compound 100 horsepower engine. Each
Two Views of the Cherub in the Base
ment That Turned On the Lights.
engine drives two Siemens-Halsice dyna
mos, which latter supply the electric en
ergy for the lights as well as all other ma
chinery used throughout the entire build
ing. The system of condensation em
ployed In the engines is the first of the
kind installed oa this coast. It effects a
great saving in the quantity of water used,
as but 10 per cent of the amount hitherto
considered necessary is required in their
operation. Its place is taken by atmos
pheric air, which is drawn from tbe en
gine-room, thus preventing the overheat
ing that is usually found.
The boiler plant consists of four 300
--horsepower boilers, each internally fired,
This style of boiler is recognized by ex
perts as the most economical yet designed.
The economy is further increased by the
use of the Hoaden system of forced com
bustion whereby superheated air is used
instead of the cold air as is customary.
Tne electric plant was installed in ac
cordance with designs made by A. E.
Brooke Ridley, who holds the Pacific Coast
agency of the Siemens-Halske Electric
Company of Chicago. This plant consists
of six direct connected units of 100 kilowats
capacity and two of 35-kilowats capacity.
These are arranged to run in series in pairs
to supply the elevators at 220 volts or in
multiple at 110 volts for lightning service.
The switch-board is constructed oi mar
ble and is of the panel type. It is forty
feet in length an<l is a magnificent piece of
workmanship. The instruments that are
installed are of the highest quality and
finish and its artistic symmetry is note
worthy. The switch-board is supplied
with every modern controlling and regis
tering device and the switching arrange
ments are such that the elevators can be
run from the same dynamos as the lights
or independently on different dynamos, at
will. The light installation consists of
7000 incandescent and 400 arc lights. The
latter are the Manhattan 100-hour la-nps
and are the very latest and best in use.
There are fifteen electric elevators in
use in the building, all operated by the
electric plant, also about 100 motors, large
and smiill, that are used for various pur
poses about the building. The plant is
the largest one ever installed in any single
building west of Chicago, and but one
plant in a building in the latter city, that
of the Auditorium, is larger than the
one in the Emporium building.
THE STEAM HEATING.
The •ntire building is heated by steam
by the "overhead system," which is the
most approved method. The steam is
carried from the basement directly to the
top story, and thence flows down through
the several radiators in the various rooms
to the boiler, thus noiselessly and certainly
heating the whole building.
The George H. Tay Company were se
lected to execute this important work, be
cause of their hiuh reputation and great
experience in heating the large buildings
ol the State, such as the French Hospital,
the State Normal School, etc.
THE OL.ASS WORK.
Between ten and twelve acres of glass of
all kinds is in use in The Emporium
building. This quantity is nearly or quite
three times as much as is in use. in any
other building in San Francisco. F. N.
Woods & Co. of 51 and 53 First street had
the contract for this portion of the work as
it could not have been handled by a house
of smaller magnitude than theirs. They
are heavy importers.
The plates in the front windows are
among the largest in the City. The firm
suppliea glass for the windows, the show
cases, mirrors, etc., aud the glass iv the
dome.
THE CONCRETE WORK.
The foundation for tbe building is of
necessity massive and substantial. In ad
dition to the retaining walls, which are
constructed of concrete, there are a large
number of concrete piers which sustain
the weight of tie body of the building.
Some of these piers are twenty-four (eet
square. First-class work was imperative
in this portion of the structure, and George
Goodman of 307 Montgomery street, who
had tne contract for all the concrete work
about the building, executed a splendid
j job in every respect. He also put in the
concrete floor in the basement and laid the
cement walks on the streets, both in the
front and in the rear of the building.
THOUSANDS OF LIGHTS,
Magnificent Illuminating System
Installed by E. H.
Forst.
Installation Was in Accordance With
the Specifications and Plans of
Pissis & Moore.
The new Emporium building is equipped
with as fine an electrical plant as exists in
any building in the world. It was out in
by E. H. Forst of the California Electric
Supply and Construction Company.
Not only is the system a big one, bnt it
works to perfection, and the lighting is a
delight not only to those having store room
in the great structure but to the throng of
visitors who enter it.
The first contract closed by Mr, Forest
with the Parrott estate called for an ex
penditure of ftt.OOO.
There are nearly eighty miles of wire
all accessible and run through brass and
iron armored conduits. There are eighty
nine marble switchboards, controlling 370
Bergman incandescent arc lamps and 6000
incandescent lights, 2000 of the latter be
ing used in the dome. The entire equip
ment is of the latest and most approved
pattern.
Through the enterprise and liberality of
Mrs. Parrott in putting in such an exten
sive lighting system many workmen were
given employment during a period when
they badly needed' it.
Mr. Forst put in the lighting system in
the Sutro baths and the Cliff" House,
the German Savings and Loan So
ciety's Bank, the Daniel Meyer building,
H. Liebes • & Co.'s stores, the Fresno
Courthouse and many of the finest resi
dences in this City and the surrounding
country. The Cliff House system is of the
acce»stble variety, the wires being in
stalled in a circular loom conduit. •
Stand Against Free Silver.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 23.— 1n the pri
mary election held this afternoon for a can
didate for Congress, the Democrats of this
city and county took a decided stand
against free silver. Henry J. Booth is the
successful candidate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23.— The
President has approved acts establishing
customs ports of delivery at Pueblo, Du
rango and Leadville, Colo.
ELOPERS CAUGHT
AT LOS ANGELES.
Rev. Henry M. Covert of
Brooklyn Surprised by
His Wife.
RECLAIMS HER HUSBAND
Compels Him to L?ave the Rich
Woman With Whom He
Had Fled.
PURSUIT ACROSS A CONTINENT
She Finds the Conple About to Begin
Life Anew in a Costly
Mansion.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., May 23.— A sur
prising sequel to the elopement of Rev.
Henry M. Covert and Mrs. Emma
Springer, a wealthy woman of Brooklyn,
N. V., which occurred in March, came to
lignt here to-day. Covert and his wjfe are
now living together again in this city.
Their son Lester is with them. This re
union is the result of a sensational de
nouement, following the discovery of the
erring husband and Mrs. Springer by the
wronged wife, who had pursued them
across the continent.
Covert and Mrs. Springer had come di
rectly to Los Angeles from Brooklyn, he
passing here as the woman's brother.
Bin. Springer had formerly lived in Los
Angeles and had friends hero, but for
good reasons did not hunt them up. She
had considerable money, aud after con
suiting with "brother," who was greatly
interested in all her financial aflairs, con
cluded to build a residence. The two were
seen together very frequently and became
well known, by sight at least, among real
estate men and builders. They finally se
lected a lot on Lovelace avenue, in the
western part of the city, and there a hund
some $7000 residence is approaching com
pletion.
Mrs. Springer, had hoped to begin life
anew in company with the man she hoped
to marry as soon as certain legal obstacles
were swept away. She sent for a lot of
elegant furniture, which had adorned her
aristocratic home in Brooklyn. That fur
niture has arrived and is in a warehouse
awaiting the completion of the residence.
Last Monday a cloud spread over the
horizon and in the twinkling of an eye
Mrs. Springer'B hopes had vanished. She
and Mr. Covert drove out in a carriaee to
the Lovelace-avenue mansion. They sat
in the carriage for a few minutes, looking
at the building and discussing plans, and
then went to the house and stepped onto
the porch. Mrs. Springer's back was
turned to Mr. Covert, when she was at
tracted by a smothered exclamation. She
looked around and saw the gentleman in
the grasp of an excited female, whom she
recognized as Mrs. Covert. Then ensued
a scene that caused the workmen on the
building to stand agape.
The strange woman grabbed Covert by
the lappels of his coat and shook him.
"You miserable wretch !" she exclaimed.
"You huzzy 1" she cried out as she glared
at Mrs. Springer. "This is a fine mansion,
isn't it? But you shall not be happy in it.
You will steal my husband, will you?
You will desert wife and children, will
you? You know I love you," continued
Mrs. Covert, "and your conduct has been
shameful, but as for you—'' and the in
jured wife glared at Mrs. Springer, who
started toward her carriage.
"There, now, Josephine," said Mr.
Covert, "do not become so excited; we
will arrange all this. I will drive Mrs.
Springer home and then I will come
wherever you say."
"You will do no such thing," re
plied Mrs. Covert. "You go with that
woman—"
"But, Josephine, the horse is nervous
and I am afraid to let her go alone."
"I wish the horse would run away with
her and crush every bone in her body."
"I will drive Mrs. Springer home," de
clared the pastor.
"You will not," insisted Mrs. Covert.
Covert's reply was to get into the buggy,
when Mrs. Covert sprang to the horse's
head, seized it by the bit and said they
would go only over her dead body, and she
was re-enforced by a young man of 20,
who had been there all along, but so far
had been somewhat of a lay figure. This
was Lester Covert, their son. Ho stood by
his mother, and Covert gave up the strug
gle. Mrs. Springer was assisted into the
buggy and drove away, while the husband,
wife and son disappeared, and the la
borers turned to their work on the build
ing.
Since that clay Mrs. Springer has not
seen Covert. He has been kept in sight
every minute by his wife, and they have
been endeavoring to arrange their affairs
at the Clarendon on Hill street, where
Mrs. Covert took apartments when she
reached the city. The only communica
tion Mrs. Springer has had from Covert
has been a little note, accompanying a
$250 diamond ring and chatelaine chain,
which he sent back to Mrs. Springer. In the
□ ote he told her that he was exceedingly
sorry the trouble had occurred, but did
not know what to do.
LEFT BOARD RILLS UNPAID.
A San Francisco Youth Arrested at
Redondo Reach.
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., May • 23.— E. J.
McNamara was arrested at Redondo
Beach to-day on a warrant charging fiim
with having attempted to defraud the
Hotel Lille, on South Hill street, of a
board bill. A short time ago McNamara
stopped at the hotel under the name of
E. J. Haltin. He gradually found his
funds running low, so one evening he an
ticipated the landlord by packing hin
effects and leaving the city. The latter
went to the District Attorney and swore
to the complaint. After a short search.
Deputy Constable Mugnemi learned that
McNaraara was stopping at Rcaondo as
E. Russ and arrested him to-day.
McNamara wired to his father in San
Francisco, who, he ?aid, was a shoe-dealer
on Market street. The father telegraphed
in reply that bis son could get out of the
trouble as he had gotten into it. Several
similar charges are said to be held against
the prisoner.
FALLS INTO ROILING LARD.
Four - Tear - Old Howard Laniberton
Scalded to Death.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 3.-Waile
playing in the rear of the City Bakery,
I f oar-year-old Howard Lamberton, the son
pf the manager, fell into a tub of boiling
lard and was fatally burned. The tub was
sunk to a level with the ground and was
useu for cooking doiißhnuts. The child
ventured too near, stumbled and fell into
the boilinc crease. Mr. Laniberton heard
the little fellow's cries and hurried to the
place. He reached into the boiling lard
am i e scuea5 cuea the b °y- his hands being badJy
scalded. The child's injuries were fatal
and he died several hoars afterward.
MAY ANCHOR AT SA NTA CRUZ.
Harthip, Likely to Re Present During
the Venetian Fete.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 23. -Director-
General Bowman presided over a mass
meeting of citizens who went to the car
nival pavilion to-night to hear of the prog
ress of the arrangements for the Vene
tian Water Carnival, to open in this city
on June 17, with a celebration of the anni
versary of the Battle of Bunker Hill. The
several chairmen of committees addressed
the audience, telling of the satisfactory
work that had been done since the former
niass-meetine, four months ago, when
$1500 was promptly subscribed to start the
enterprise.
The audience was informed that, besides
the attractions prepared by the commit
tees, there was good prospect of the cruiser
Philadelphia and the battle-ship Oregon
paying these waters a visit during the car
nival. A letter from Rear- Admiral Beards
lee was to-day received, stating that, while
he could not say positively, he believed
that one and perhaps more vessels under
his command would be here. The news
was enthusiastically received and tne audi
ence was well pleased with the meeting.
Irri Getß Second Money.
CHICAGO, 111., May 23.— The billiard
tournament came to an end to-niglit, Ives
winning second money by defeat ing Schae
fer in the final game. The standing of the
players was as follows: Gamier won
three and lost one; Ives won two and lost
two; Schaefer won one and lost three.
The attendance was smaller than on pre
vious occasions when Ives and Schaefer
have crossed cues. The spectators noisily
applauded the wizard in different work
and hissed while Ives was playing a sure
finish. The billiards were below the aver
age for the week. Score: Schaeler 267,
high run 51, average 8 27-30. Ives 500
high run 62, average 16 2-30.
uSaval Court of Inquiry.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23.— The
Secretary of the Navy to-day appointed a
court of inquiry, to meet at Mare Island
Navy-yard, Cal., May 29, to inquire into an
allegation that Assistant Paymaster Ed
win D. Webster had not made restitution
of $2500 alleged to have been obtained by
him as security for his clerk, William J.
Tobin.
Statehood to Oklahoma.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23.—Repre
sentative dcranton, chairman of the Com
mittee on Territories, to-day favorably re
ported to the House the bill granting state
hood to Oklahoma.
On the Retired Lift.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 23.— Colonel
Dangerfield Parker, commanding the
Eighteenth Regiment of Infantry, U. S. A.,
was placed on the retired list on account
of age to-day.
THE COLUMBIA AGROUND.
Owing to Shallow Water at the City
Wharf a Day Is Lost.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23.— The Ameri
can ship Columbia, Captain Nelson, coal
laden, was aground at the Franklin-street
wharf all day to-day, at»d it was close onto
midnight when she was nauled off the bar
and safely docked. The vessel is 205.9 feet
over all, 40 feet breadth, and draws 24 feet
of water when loaded witn a full cargo of
2450 tons. She has a gross tonnage of 1425
tons.
The ship unloaded all but about 1000
tons in San Francisco and was towed over
this morning. She was drawing sixteen
feet forward and all went well until turn
ing into the wharf, when she went fast
on a mud bar. Two tugs and the donkey
engine could not move her, and as it was
ebb tide every moment only made it worse.
Captain Nelson and the tugboat men were
very emphatic in their opinions of a city
which did not keep its wharfs open to com
merce.
Off for Yosetnit*.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 23. -Five par
ties of university students left Berkeley
and Oakland to-day for Yosemite. Some
of them will go by way of Stockton, while
others propose going by rail to Sonora and
Milton ana then tramp into the valley.
Several other parties of college men will
leave in a few days.
UDGE for yourself
whether it is best to have your face filled
with pimples and blood blotches or whether
you would prefer a clean face and a good
blood. If you decide for the latter use
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W.Joy Company — Gentlemen:
I have just completed the second bottle of
your Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I have had
catarrh for years, which affected my eyes,
hearing and stomach. Frequently would
have dull headache for days at a time.
Since taking your remedy I have felt no
disagreeable symptom.
Trusting you will publish this, as I want
any one suffering from any of the above
symptoms to be benefited. Kindly send
me two more bottles by return express.
(Signed)
Mr. Frederick pc Richmond,
Seattle, Wash.
BANKRUPTCY
A. D. AYRE'S STOCK.
Liberty Bicycles.
No Reasonable Cash Offer Refused.
WHEELER & WILSON MFC. CO.
933 Market, Opp. Maeon.
OPEN EVENINGS.
■___•_; IrEW TO-PAT. ;
At Auction!
At Auction!
BY
G.H.UMBSEN&CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
House Brokers, Rent Collectors and Auctioneers,
OFFICE AND SALESROOM:
14 Montgomery St., Near Market
IMPORTANT
REAL ESTATE AUCTION
Miscellaneous Properties
AS PKR CATALOGUE. AT SALESROOM.
MONDAY,
MONDAY. - --. June 8. ,896.
AT 12 O'CLOCK M.
Matotna-St. Houses.
Xos. 922, 922% and 924 Natoma street, between
Tenth and Eleventh— 2-story frame house*
0 rooms and bath each, in good condition: rents
$60 per month; lot 50x75; concrete stone side-
walk and coping; Iron fencing; street bltumlnlzi-d:
title insured California Title Insurance and Trust
Company.
Dolores- St. Lot.
Vacant lot 25x125, east side of Dolores street;
160 feet north of Twenty-fifth; ready for building;
half block froom electnc-cars; line view.
Noe-it. Residence.
No. 59 Noe street, between Fourteenth and Rid-
ley— Two-story residence, 8 rooms and bath; bay-
windows: brick foundation; lovely sunny home-
site 30x162.
i uhteenth-St. Building Lots.
Two level lots, south line of Eighteenth street.
125 feet west of Clover alley, on? block west of
Douglass street; ready to build on; street work
done; 26x121 feet each: electric-cars pass.
Cottage on Clinton Park.
No. 265 Clinton Park, near Market and Dolores
streets— Substantial bay window cottage of 5
rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc.: lot 25x75
feet.
The five following: pieces by order of
Referee. Estate of Daniel Mullin, da-
ceased.
Golden Gate Aye.— Down Town.
Xos. 315-317 Golden Gate avenue, between Hyde
and Larkln streets— Two houses of 9 rooms, etc.,
each: rents 970; lot 34:4^x137:6 feet.
NW. Cor. Fulton and Webster Sts.
Two-story and basement house of B rooms, etc.:
basement could be easily converted into a store at
little expense; rents $45; both streets accepted:
lot 27:6x80 feet.
Investment on Stevenson St.
457-459 Stevenson St.. between Fifth and Sixth-
Double house of 6 rooms each, etc.; rents $31; lot
26:6x70.
Oak-St. Lot.
South line of Oak st., 278:6% *5 west of De-
vlsadero; 25x137:6.
Ocean View Lot.
West line of Bright st., 150 feet south of Ran-
dolph; 25x100; near electric cars.
Administrator's Sale.
1. 410-410% Page st. and Lily aye.— Two flats of
7 and 6 rooms and bath each, etc.; lot 54 -.2x120, am
per diagram.
2. Cottage, 415 Lily aye.: 20x60: will not be
offered at the auction sale, bat can be bought at a
reasonable price at private sale.
Corner Lot.
Southeast corner of Turk and Lvon sts.; 60x
137:6: Turk st. is 100 feet wife. . v v-
: FRENCH HOSPITAL PROPERTY
By order of Board of Directors,
S. E. Bryant St.. Bet. sth and 6:h.
As an Entirety
Improvements consist of 3-story briclc building
and several smaller buildings: lot 275x275 feet;
100-vara lot; will cut up into 25 large building
lots, with 50-toot streets; 4 corners in the heart
of manufacturing district. >
For further particulars inquire at office
G. li. UMBSEN & CO.,
Auctioneers,
14 MO3>TTGrOId::EIR,Y ST.
STATEMENT
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY Ai\D CASUALTY
ooM:i».A.:iNrsr
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1895,
and for the yenr ending on that day. as mads to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up '- » «
in cash $250,000 00
assets. :"-;> : ;..;
Real entire owned by the company.. $679,460 49
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company.....:..' 1,384,870 00
Cash In company's office 28,312 65
Cash In banks 41,780 51
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans -',655 16
Premiums in due course of collection 296,198 50
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash
in company's possession) 7,808 41
Total assets $'2,341,085 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or")
In suspense V $409,547 56
Losses resisted including expenses )
Total unearned premiums 1,342,62907
Due to other companies for reinsur-
. ance 5,742 10
All other demands against the com-
panj.. 14,17178
Total liabilities .$1,772,090 46
INCOME.
Net casb actually received for
premiums 800, 958 36
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources. 102,310 31
Received for profit on securities
sold 410
Total income .$2,603,678 87
expenditures! ~
Net amount paid for losses $910,653 10
Dividends to stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 665,249 55
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 1131,007 44
Paid for State, National and local ■ • ••
taxes . 49,620 94
All other payments and expendi-
tures 619,784 00
Total expenditures $2,416,316 03
GEORGE F. SEWARD, President.
ROBERT J. HILLAs, Secretary. . ....-■
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day
of January, 1896. .
E. A. RABENER, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
S. C. PARDEE, Resident Manager,
I f Mutual Life Building:,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
j-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS — Re-
modeled anil renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooms 50c to $1 50 per day, ft
i to $8 per week, $8 to $30 per month: free baths;
{ hot and cold water every room; firs grates la
1 every room; elevator, runs aUnigbt.
56
FOR GOLDEN GATE
A GOLDEN CROWN,
Some Brilliant Scenes of
the Great Future
Carnival.
A MINISTERS' CONGRESS.
Editors of Interior Journals to
Be Feted by the Press
Club.
PETITION OF BCOO WHEELMEN.
Leading Citizens Speak Concerning the
Fiesta and Make Valuable
Suggestions.
"Hurrah for the San Francisco Carni
val," say ths merchants of the City; "we
U. S. Dovn.
are to have something in the line of
a fiesta that will be one of the most
brilliant affairs of the kind ever witnessed
in the State of California."
The seven eommitteenien appointed to
name the twenty-five men best calculated
to represent the interests of the com
munity, and to be the general directors of
the affair, are also in the best of spirits
over the outlook ahead.
The only rock in the path of progress,
how to raise ample funds for all purposes,
has been happily settled by Colonel An
drews' clever scheme of having 125,000
medals struct off and sold in advance at
P. 1-. I.ilientbal.
$i each, the medll to entitle the wearer to
a seat daring the whole length of the car
nival.
The feasibility of thi* plan is apparent
when it is borne in mini! tbat tribunes are
to be erected along the principal streets,
where the features of the carnival are to
lake place, and that seating room will
without doubt be at a premium.
Another meeting of the committee was
held yesterday afternoon in the Baldwin
Hotel ana further steps taken to have all
the preliminaries harmoniously arranged.
A full quorum was present.
A linance committee was appointed,
composed of fifteen of the most prominent
men in the City— men of recognized hon
esty and probity of character, wuo.«e word
ii as good as trold. All the money received
and disbursed in relation to carrying on
the carnival will pass through the hands
of this committee.
A partial list was a!<o made out of the
twenty-live men who are practically to
have char-re of the whole affair. It has
not yet been decided what name these
men will receive — board of directors or
executive committee. They will, however,
be designated by one or the other of these
terms.
A petition was received from 8000 bi
cyclists, asking that one day or night be
set aside for them to make an exclusive
display. Whether this will be done or not
will depend entirely upon the committee
Of twenty-live, but as it meets with the
approbation of a majority of the tempo
rary committee, and is also seconded by
many of the prominent merchants, it looks
&i if the knights of the wheel will gain
their desire.
A fitting conception of the grand scale
upon which the prime-movery for the iiesta
intend that it shall be carried out may be
gathered from some of the projects dis
cussed at their various meetings.
It is intended that the carnival shall be
introduced by a "coronation ot the Golden
Gate." If it is found feasible the Gate
will be arrayed in gala attire. Electric
lights will be stationed on each side and
on vessels. Fireworks will abound and
add brilliancy and excitement to the spec
tacle.
Then the queen of the occasion will sail
into the Gate along the straits in a vessel
ablaze with decorations and electric lights.
All the men-of-war in the harbor are to act
as her escort.
It in also intended that one day shall be
set apart for the ladies, and ample funds
will be provided them to make their day a
red-letter day.
The militia frnm all over the coast States
will be invited to come and join in giving
a grand exhibition, accompanied with all
the pomp and pageant and panoply of
war.
The ministers are to be invited to come
from all points in the State with messages
of peace, and one day will be a ministers'
congress. It is expected that their broth
ers of the cloth here will entertain them
during their visit. .
In the same manner ttifc editors i of al
the interior journals are to be given a
special invitation. They will have things
made pleasant for them by the Press Club.
The streets are to be decorated so beauti
fully tbat onlookers will imagine them
selves in a fairyland of dreams. The
200, 000 people tbat are expected to make
an excursion to San Francisco during the
fiesta are not going to be disappointed,
the committee say.
General Warlield, chairman of the temp
orary committee, was seen in regard to !
the carnival at the California Hotel. He i
was all smiles in an instant.
"Yes," he said, "we are much encour
aged at tbe interest manifested even in
the inception of the project.
'Kvery one seems desirous to make an
immense success of the fiesta, even tnouuh
ne Facrilice his own interests in so doin?.
"There is no doubt that a carnival will
hereafter be one of the annual features of
the City."
The rest of the committee voice the same
sentiments as General Warfield. So far
lhere has been no division of opinion as to
how the affair shall be conducted.
And now for the opinions and sugges
tions of the prominent business men.
Some have one feature to suggest, some
another, but there is one point upon whicn
ttiey ar« unanimous — it will be a great
thing for the business and pleasure inter- ,
ests of this City.
Adam Grant of the firm of Murphy,
Grant & Co. was one of the most
enthusiastic.
"I tell you," be declared, ''this ought to
be and in all probability will be a grand
affair. lam heartily in favor of it.
|'I should be glad to serve upon the com
mittee for I am thoroughly alive to t lie
good the carnival will do this City, but the
state of my business is such as to prevent
me. "When another one recurs I intend to
be on hand. If my sou Joseph were here
I would endeavor to put him on some
committee where be could assist in ad
vancing the interests of the place."
A. S. Baldwin of Baldwin & Hammond
is another citizen who is keenly interested
in the proposed fiesta. His idea? on some
o£ its features are not only original, but
meet with th« approval due their enter
prise and uniqueness.
"As a general proposition," he said, "I
think it a fine thing for Ban Francisco,
and if got out on certain lines will bring a
vast number of people here.
"I think sports should be the leading
feature of the affair. Now, there will be a
week of festivities, and my idea is that at
least half of that time should be piven up
to sports. Stereotyped shows, processions
and parades are worn threadbare.
"Let us have one whole day of liorse
racins; with the largest purses ever offered,
one clay for athletic games of all kinds,
one day for a naval demonstration in the
bay, wherein not only the warships and
vessels of newest design could be entered,
but old and curious crafts of every descrip
tion; a day for a parade of metropolitan
industries only, and one for State indus
tries.
"These are some of the features which
to my mind would tend to place the affair
on a high plane and add the element of
uniqueness. Then there should be a night
parade for bicyclists out on Van Ness
avenue, where the whole scene could be
attractively illumiuated with Chinese and
Japanese lanterns, and the performers and
David Kich.
buildings tastefully decorated and fes
tooned with flowers* and club colors.
"If these affairs were placed und»r the
direct ion of men who are experts, such as
Irving M. Scott for the naval display and
Greer Harrison for athletics, there can be
no doubt that all former affairs of the kind
would be totally eclipsed."
James D. Pnelan spoke in a similar
strain as regards the general proposition
of the carnival, and favors a brilliant elec*
trical display similar to that at Sacra
mento.
Many other men, prominent in the busi
ness social and political world, expressed
them selves as heartily in favor of the com
ing fiesta. They not only are pleased with
the idea, and wish it success, but they can
General Warfield.
all be depended upon to render the finan
cial aid that will make it a success.
Next Monday evening the committee of
seven meet asrain in the Baldwin Hotel,
and at the regular meeting next Tuesday
the names of the twenty-live agreed upon
as the board of directors or executive
committee will be submitted.
THE NEW CHARTER.
The Merchants' Association Want* th«
Co-operation of Progreitiive Kodies.
The Merchants' Association to-morrow
morning will send out invitations to the
presidents and secretaries of a number of
organizations, inviting them to be present
at the annual meeting of the association,
which will be held on the evening of
Thursday, May 29, at Kohlei it Chase
Hall, 20 O'Farrell street. The special sub
ject of discussion will be the consideration
of the best ways and means of securing
the adoption of the new charter for Ban
Francisco.
The co-operation of all progressive or
ganizations is necessary to insure the rati
fication of the charter.
Representatives of the following organ
izations are expected to be present: Mer
chants' Association, Bouid of Freeholders,
Cycle Board of Trade, Chamber of Com
merce, Board of Trade of San Francicco,
Han Francisco Produce Exchange, Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, San
Francisco Association of Improvement
Clubs. Mechanics' Institute, San Francisco
Labor Council, Richmond District Im
provement Ciub, Mission Improvement
Club. Point Lobos Improvement Club, Fol
som-street Improvement Club, Van Nes3
Improvement Club, League of American
Wheelmen, Highway Improvement Com
mittee, Civic federation, San Francisco
Boulevard and Driving Association,
Butchers' Board of Trade, Draymen's and
Teamsters' Union.
Brawl in a Barroom.
Frank Rankin, who resides at 414 Eddy
street, was taken to the Receiving Hospital
early yesterday morning suffering from a
•evere cut across the left cheek, which he re
ceived in a brawl in a saloon on the corner of
Mary and Natoma streets.
Madame Schumann's Jt'un'ral.
FRANKFORT-ON-THE- MAIN, Ger
many, May 23.— The funeral services over
the body of Madame Clara Schumann, the
distinguished musician, who died here on
Thursday, were held to-day. The body
was taken to Berlin to be interred to
night
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
'^j^ I j ' KEY T O J P4y~~Pg]^gOOP s ; l^^L^^^^^ -^- \~~J^- ~-~- ~~ — ~-
g SILKS. M^^iti.i|iitiijii|i4ii|i^ NOTIONS. §
Each item a perfect gem. f. $« \ ill f *» 21 | | iln LJ3 f! &3 ' SB Ittl ■ fc T Small articles-, but big savings. if
« fil %«1 I ■ Ci S¥* f'llflS^lSK " f I 111 9 ffi IT ' -r SEWING COTTON We a dozen f#
& 75^ DRESDEN SILKS at..?.! '.'.'.'.Ztoi 4fr h OHLL ur imruniHiiuL. LINEN THREA1L........-5c a Bpool
X 75c PLAIN SURAHS at 3!>c £. "J COLORED PIN CUBES 5c each If
X $100 EVENING SILKS at ::::::^ 1 IMPORTANT TO YOU BY REASON OF THE LOW PRICES * SILVERED THIMBLES..... Ic each X
$100 DRESDEN SILKS at 7 r >c JLf. ' IVI » 1 /\IN I I\J IVJ U DI rktAoUIN UT 1 H fc, LUW r r rilL-»C.O i I FEDORA CRIMPERS 5c a box ML
X lig^USAS? B^^^ 880 1 NAMED-IMPORTANT TO US AS THE MEANS OF UNLOAD- f I %Bfiig&g£6gS3ti£& X
X dens at. ...» ing OUR LARGE STOCK. We have accumulated lines of US^^l^fedETMal*^ A
O £ goods to sell at hitherto unheard of prices for the inauguration +$-| HAiiira*iV///////////Ji'»S!fi2 §
* Wash Goods. ;* of this great sale. Special lines bought way below their market # B ilSm¥^£ B .told££' ft
— * value to be sold at prices generally paid for them at wholesale. *■ celluloid hairpins....*.**
c^H^?Sr^^il& IWe W 'H not dwell upon the advantages offered you by this sale, * f "I"
I O oRGANSBhr.:aS $ but call your attention to the following items. PRICES TALK. * LINENS.
**tyVW+*W 3 - c TABLE DAM at2lc I
I i^DijcksuiTiNGat ' gj|c BLACK GOODS. Colored Dress Goods. DOMESTICS. |? £ bleaJhed n ipKiNs.it SS
WIDE RED PERCALES at.. 10c More Than Your Monev's Worth Noi Half the Price for Any. A Harvest for Housekeepers. 20c HUCK TOWELS^ at l2Kc j
i &?*SgSaYa«Bi~;- : i? 2 50VriQURED MOHAIRS at 4c ** FIGURED CH ALLIES at..... ..15c 10C.LONSDALE MUSLIN 6^cts *£ " TOW "*
i 1 '?°Hr^Jrn vAv&nvS t '•'¥ 60c FANCY ■JACOnARDS at 35c 35c SILK MIXTURES at 15c 10c FRUIT MUSLIN 7Kct3 - 00 FANCY .TUKKIbU 1U^ at lOc
8c CHECKED NAINSOOKS at....4c «£ gTORM SERGFS at site 40c PLAID SUITINGS at 15c 10c MASONVILLE MUSLIN 7^ct 3 GLASS LINFN ' at 7 25
I *RoTAiLo!?^ 8 HV«t:::::::::::::S; «; gASSS^^Sffp l^-; a B^cunbleached_muslin 5c t 3 i^ scotch crash .ts*
! {1 00 PAKOY rßi?pftVs «t r >r>/» wo tULOKLD MOHAIRS at 30c c
Cloak nenartment » } § ™ e^^~ovVl^^ $ f^ P M T^ D T ?sf| ft-^-; % SHEETINGS.
V^lOaK Uepariment. IMPORTL D PATTERNS at $5 104 Bleached...lB^c Unbleached.... 17^c -» Twr «
. FLANNELS oOclANCxESiiersmt $2 9.4 B!eached...l6Kc Unbleached.... 15^c SIHT HPPT
rurtl^l^CW. 8-4 Bleached.. 15c Unbleached 14c j *^U1 I UCtl^ 1 •
Some special items in full keeping 12^c WRAPPER FLANNELS at 7»^c Mil I INFPY 7-4 Bleached. .13><c Unbleached. ...12^c , I
with the values offered in other de- 10c RED GROUND FLANNELS at.... 6>^c timrm miuuinuiyi. «-4 Bleached.. ll»r:c Unbleached.... 10^c
CHILDREN'S JACKETS $195 Each HAWnfCDrHICK LADIES' 75c UNTRIMMED HATS at2sc Xt AL) Y^MAIJt, StICC: 10.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS. SI9S Each HANinL r CDrHICCC LADIES' 75c UNTRIMMED HATS at.2sc KcAD Y-iuAUtl Ollfcti 1 0.
! Made in reefer style of tan, red, * I/\rNL>N.EKV*niC,rr>. CHILDREN'S 50c UNTRIMMED' ■m T^r.Txt^ r«,,,.n »vn RPinv • ~~~
15e EMBROIDERED EDGE 5c at $150 oiH'APDSxI^ YARDS at 37^0 Sleeves with Turnover Cuffs; .
LADIES' JACKETS 95 Each c^?^Sgf » 8I T %S 1C? 1 C .TVTrM^T^CA^ HKSwcßKbiS^'mi'.V.V.Mfi Fitted Waist Lining,.
j Made of tan cloths, the new short BJ-5.C HhMtelllCHED LAWN 5c UNDERWEAR PILLOW CASES, 50x8G IN., at 15c
SStSlSfe'Stltch^eaSf 'vFlMivr.^ $1 MUSLIN GOWNS at _ G9c PILLOW CASES, 46x36 IN., at 13c |
SrgeS'omeSbnS VEILINGS. |1 MUSLIN CHEMISES at 09c RPnFTfMn INFANTS' SHORT COATS $100
onfront. Regular price with us 25c ODDS AND ENDS at 5c yard I} JJSIHS I S kl^. 1 ; T at ' &* DbUUIINU. . Made of Plain Cashmeres, prettily
?5. — 50c BLACKSAND COLORS at.... yard HSSSig^pEs «i m ppatrpr Pit TOWS at V>c embrpiaered ana trimmed, lined
50c LACE EDGE VEILS at 15c each %* BLA CK UNDERVESTS at 10c fJ'S? Sit?HFR ?TT TOW§ at 75c and interlined ; tbey are odds
' 50c FRENCH CREPE 18-inch at .15c yard 50c BALBRIGGAN VESTS at 25c !^ * <o« and ends of lines that sold up to
LADIES' CAPES $5 Each S BICYCLEVEI&O £SyS 50c LISLE UNDERVESTS at 29c f^o WHITE QUILTS at. 09c ?4 apiece. ' P
I Novelty style, only about . 25c SEWING fsiLK^VEILiNG at^AocyiS 60c EQUESTRIENNE TIGHTS at 25c | •ScOMFORTABI fII? «* S
I conDle of dozen of them, each one %l UNION SUITS at 50c »l-00 LOMI<OKTABLfce< at.... ..oyc
elaborately embroidered and novelties. *1 25 SWISS RIB VESTS at £ «-■■* MARSEILLES QUILTS at "- 40 - STAMTY qHTRTWMSW s r<v, /
braided, all made of rooq sub- NOVELTIES. INFANT'S $1 LONG DRESSES at.... 50c * — T An extra S^Z rti?Ln^- 'a P^
Btantial imported Kersey cloths. 25e SHIRT WAIST SETS 10c INFANT'S $1 60 LONG DRESSES at.. Bsc DRAPERIES. 1« ISS o^?hp,« rffmnn, t«f«»-
Not one worthless than ? 10. 50c BELTS 20c gfig?| g £gSS SISESi 2"fig CANTON VluLe Sat ... lie
- $iyST^f^Fo L UNTEDyU lOTAN?i flc^ILK SoMfr's^;^ INDIA DRAPERY at , J ? -g c , ay down collars and
_. . .>r:_ MVP at PAdivrT nuiuK r_ 2oc 1 AxSLhi O1LOLC) la. at.. li>C tuus i an ai^es.
These Or Sale Downstairs Only. . «£ black ribbon T BELTs ML . b :::::2S rn BTC I? !5^ F cg R L T C A L i^s H at at & —
:| LADIES' CAPES. Me T/^;io^ wlZ^jf oc CORSETS. $150 LACE CURTAINS atV.V.V.'.'.".V.VSI 15 OTT „
Tan and navy cloths, tailor-made, lOliet fNeCeSSItieS. 40c FERRIS WAISTS at «>sc $3 CHENILLE PORTIERES at $1 75 SILK DRESS WAISTS $5 00 I
ornamented with strap work and LA BL ACHE FACE POWDER 25c 75c M. A. SATEEN CORSETS'at 35c $1 25 TABLE COVERS at .......65c A little lot selected. from I
small buttons, notched collars. J. A. POZZONI FACE POWDER _'".c $1 FRENCH SHAPES at. . '"'69 c $150 BRUSSELS RUGS at... 95c lines that sold up to $10 1 I
SAUNDER'S FACE POWDER .22c apiece. Solid black, black and ■
. LA^CIGALE FACE POWDEit 35c i IMllvr;C white stripes and handsome I
X, MISSES' CAPE3 o.^ PEAR'S GLYCERINE SOAP 10c KID OLOVFS L,IINII>US. plaid?. All fully lined and boned I
X Red and tan Vli-wool cloths " scat BABBSKIN SOAP 5c IVI " ULUVC3> 20c IMITATION HAIRCLOTH at .... 5c & the best dressmaker's style. V
V loped ed-e, bottom and collar CALDEK'S TOOTH POWDER 12}<c $1 SUEDES 4-BUTTONS at 50c 12}* c LINEN GRASSCLOTH at B^c A
A trimmed with Persian emhroid MUKRAY & LAN MAN'S FLORIDA $125 METAL CLASPS at 75c 15c RUSTLE LININGS at 7&; V
X cry ribbon bow and streatner, at , WATER 45c $1 25 WHITES AND PEARLS at 75c 12^c COTTON CANVAS at 7sc TAILOR-MADE SUITS «m O
O neck streamers at LAVENDER SMELLING SALTS 35c $1 50 BLACK BEaVER-SKIN at $1 20c COTTON MOREENS at 16*0 Made of Back and N av y "Rl 2 X
if necK. LA BELLE PERFUMES, per ounce.. 15c *2 GENUINE FOSTER'S at $125 I 25c FIBER LININGS at 12]|c cloth. The jacket cut in the new 9
jIL I.\DIFS' norm V papf«j «i or, . Blazer style, trimmed with small &
<} LA ??. L 4 a D n^blafk C ctoTh, S VrVnSe-d° : ThV.kiS to . n rifffi d rinSi^^^ X
A with handsome gilt braid all . /t^ and iiiicd with! rustle V £l??V?n? 1 * X
Tj around, as handsome and. stylish J&F/& A® i £jr ana nnea witn rustle percaline.
V Lrf V^« A^Md^t sJ^Yll il*)I I JMWAiJ&^jMW B M V cheviot serge suits $750 X
V color. hands a o n mely aJi B feSGS^T r T^ /-^/^ A *C^^ ~Wm*^-l* throughout with rustle percal;ue. X
co or# / tnronsbbut with rustle percaline. £%
300000000^<X>00<^ — - — — — — ±*±^>**4<*?s*>***yy*^ifc
HENRY SIEFERT
HAS BEEN SEEN,
Believed to Be Still in
the Land of the
Living.
J. CUNNINGHAM'S STORY
He Thinks He Gave Him a
Lilt Last Week Near Guer
neville.
PREDICAMENT OF THE WIFE.
Her Husband Took the Receipts for
Her Two Boxes of Household
Goods.
It is now three weeks since Henry Sie
fert, the Ohio farmer, disappeared from
this City with bis $4000 wad of greenbacks.
His whereabouts are itill a profound mys
tery.
The police authorities and the Coroner
have been notified of the circumstances of
the case, but cannot say with any certainty
that Siefert has committed suicide or been
murdered.
It has been suggested fey his recent lo
quacious landlady at 523 Stevenson street,
that he has merely taken the train and
gone back to Cincinnati to escape the
growling of his wife, who still tarries in
San Francisco.
This, though, is but a feminine suppo
sition and iacks a logical verification.
Seilert had been negotiating with A. M.
Speck & Co., the real estate agents, for the
purchase of a email chicken and fruit
rai»ch at Kenwood, Sonoma County. He
left here to take a look at the place, stayed
over night in Kenwood and then left for
a destination seemingly known only to
himseif.
He is described as a middle-aged man,
of medium height, with blue eyes, brown
hair and a sandy mustache. He had on a
Derby hat, a brown suit of cloths and a
gray overcoat with a velvet collar.
Louisa Siefert, the wife, has consulted
with Captain Lees and traveled to Sonoma
County, but without getting any trace of
her missing husband.
"I am sure I don't know what can have
become of him," she said. "There is not
any reason, so far as I am informed, for
him to go away. We have been married
only a few months. lam his second wife,
and he has children by his first wife living
in Ohio. It is a very awkward predica
ment for me to be in, as he left me very
little money.
"There is some money at the Postoffice
for him, but I cannot draw it. There are
also two boxes of household goods, for
which he has the receipts, lying in the
freight depot of the Southern Pacific.
"I took a photograph of him to the
Morgue to-day, so that in case of his body
being found it could be identified. It is
possible that I may hear from him before
long if he is still alive, but I am sure I
don't know what to do or what to expect."
Late last nieht the following dispatch
was received from Santa Rosa, showing
that the truant farmer is probably still in
the land of the living:
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 23.— The fact
that Henry Seifert has disappeared from
public view with $4000 in greenbacks in
his pockets leads many to believe that
this large sum in ready cash cost the un
fortunate man his life. It is known that
he exhibited a roll of bank bills in several
saloons in San Francisco before starting
for Kenwood and that he told several
people where he was going. The report
that he called for his mail in Kenwood
one day last week lacks confirmation, and
the police of this city do not believe he got
beyond the waterfront in San Francisco.
John Cunningham, who lives on the
narrow-gauge railroad beyond Guemevillc,
reports hauling a btranger over the grade
from the Summit to French's old mill one
day last week. Cunningham's descrip
tion, though vague, will fit the missing
man. He says he was perhaps .'ss years of
age. evidently a German and a stranger in
that section.
He seemed adverse to telling his des
tination or where he hailed from, but of
fered to pay for his ride with a $10 bill.
The theory that Siefert was followed to
Kenwood by thugs from San Francisco, to
whom he had exhibited his wealth, and
was there waylaid, is not believed here.
The advent ot a stranger into Kenwood,
and a prospective buyer of land at that, is
an incident not likely to be overlooked or
soon forgotten in that quiet village and
tbe residents are quite sure that a search
of the vicinity would prove unavailing.
IIENRY SIEIERT.
REFUSED ALABAM A MONEY.
Stand ot a Trust Company in the Appli
cation for a Loan.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 23.— The Sun
says: "As an evidence of the interest in
this sound money question, it may be
stated that a well-known trust company in
New York refused yesterday to make loans
on Alabama State warrants. The directors
of the trust company met to consider the
application of the State of Alabama for the
loans on warrants, and in view of the
speeches in the United States Senate of
I'ugh and Morgan the unanimous vote of
the directors was against granting the
loans. The State is to speak first in the roll
call of the Republican National Conven
tion at St. Louis, and from present appear
ances there is every likelihood that the Re
publican delegates from this State will
shout for silver money.
"The directors of the trust company said
they had no sentiment about the matter,
but that it was purely a business transac
tion and they believed they were justified
in refusing loans to Alabama."
Steamboat Men fatally Scalded.
ALPENA, Mich., May 23.— A big flue in
the boiler of the steamer Rhoda Stewart
blew out while the vessel was passing
Middle Island this morning. Henry Kes
ton, the second engineer, and Robert Me-
Norton, a fireman, were so badly scalded
that tney died before they could be brought
into port.
Death of Mr*. M. C. Storey.
CHICAGO, 111., May 23.— Mrs. E. C.
Storey, an old and well-known resident of
Chicago and widow of Wilbur F. Storey.
died at her residence last night. Her death
was unexpected and attributed to heart
disease.
SACRAMENTO SUIT ENDED
Judge Henry Decides That Mrs.
Lee Was Not Defrauded
by Gregory.
Regrets That She Lost Her Money
and Urges the Ex-Mayor to
Repay It.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., May 23.— The
suit of Mrs. Adelaide T. Lee of Red Bluff
against ex-Mayor Eugene J. Gregory of
this city for obtaining $9000 under false
pretenses was dismissed by Judge Henry
this morning and Gregory stepped from
the courtroom a free man.
In dismissing the case Judge Henry
said that he had arrived at a conclusion
which was satisfactory to himself and he
believed was ruling according to the law
and the evidence. It was to be regretted,
said the court, that Mrs. Lee has lost her
money and in his opinion it was the duty
of the defendant to make payments to her
of ail the sums claimed by her. In the
opinion of the Judge Mrs. Lee had been
ill-advised. The court failed to find suffi
cient ground to prove that any fraud had
been practiced. He had decided to grant
the motion to discharge the defendant
and he made an order to that effect.
Gregory's bondsmen were also exenor
ated.
INDIAN WAR ROUNDS.
Claims of Coupon- Holders Beard in
Court at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 23.— Judge
Catlin to-day listened to the testimony in
the case of claimants for interest on In
dian war bonds issued in early days by tho
State of California.
Bonds were issued by the State in 1852
to raise money for carrying on war acainst
the Indians. Subsequently, when the war \
was over, the State made application to
the National Government to pay these
bonds and the Government made an ap- i
propriation to do so. The Donds were '
sent to Washington, where it was found
that the appropriation was not sufficiently
large to pay both principal and interest '
and the interest coupons were clipped and
sent back to the owners. It is upon these
coupons that suit is now being brought
tnere being forty or fifty claimants, whoso
claims aggregate $80,000.
INDICTMENTS GEASHED.
County Supervisor* Profit by an Error
of the Grand Jury.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 23.— The in
dictments against Supervisors of Sacra
mento County for malfeasance in office
were quashed by Superior Judge Hinksoa,
on the grounds that the defendants were
compelled to appear before the Grand
Jury as witnesses against themselves. The
District Attorney held that the proceed
ings of the Grand Jury were of the form of
civil proceedings, but the court held they
were m the nature of a criminal action
The court instructed the District Attorney
to resubmit the matter at the next session
of the Grand Jury.
An Explosion, of Firedamp,
BUDAPEST, Hungary, May 23.-An ex
plosion of firedamp occurred to-day in the
Koschitza mine, near here. Already
thirty injured miners have been brougi.t
2.Jfhin?fS?!ih < !S. rescuing parties Bre
$7O
SEffllK MACHINES
FOR ©SO.
Wheeler & Wilson Ho, 9 at That
They are from the Ayre's
bankrupt stock. A few are new.
None can be called old. All go
at the same price. Some are
marred and will be sold for less
money. We warrant all of them.
Machines are delivered free in
San Francisco and instructed
j upon.
WHEELER & WILSON MFC. CO.,
933 Market, Opp. Mason.
FEATURES:
Elegant Design; Best Workman-
ship; Fine Tool - steel Bearings
New Form Tubing, heavy gauge
where entering forging*., and taper-
ing Inside to lighter gauge ; a correct
Narrow Tread ; Pierce Patent Bottom
Bracket. Detachable Sprocket, on©
Piece; our Improved Hub and Spokes,
with Buttonhole Device : a Beautiful
Finish, inside and out.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETBO.I,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market A Boale Sis., 223 str» ♦
SAN OAMISCO. iASLESBk.
COAL! COAL !
Wellington: sin
Oenum. Uoos Bay •/;.;:;:;;:; » Ha , f ton> - 6
Errant.. *■• I W>-HHt ton 400
700 - 11^^ *«»
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
08~ Howard Street. Near Flr«t.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
*eu«u ielepuon«; "Pine" 2581.HLNDAY MAY 24 189g
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Twfatkr -• aitdsnmm«r Night's
Dream," to-morrow night. •■•■
California 1 hkatkk-"A Trip to Chinatown."
u££™Zigbl* Anm -"» i » H * ram Scarum,"
to-morrow night.
Morocco's Opera-house— "Jack Cade."
" ivoi.i Opkra-Houbf.— « Uncle Tom i Cabin."
. OKPHKT?M-Hlgu-Class Vaudeville.
Harbor Vtf.w PARK.-Twentieth Annual Plo-
eu C LdaV^Ma^> hern De n' S Benevolent Association,
t.> T E Ari.rromuM-Ellis and Mason streets-
lestlmonlal Concert. Tuesday evening, May 26.
Stjtbo C'oxky Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Halght street, one
clock east of the Park.
Blair ■ Park (Oakland).— Balloon Ascension
ana Parachute Jump, Sunday, May "24.
Golden Gate Park— Gate Park Band.
Bay District Tback— Races to-morrow.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thic Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary i- x ■■urslon and Family Picnic
of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 28, at (Kenwood Pane
AUCTION SALBS.
By F. T. Kkelkb- Monday May 55, Rare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Beany street, at 2 p. m.
™ B X.. H- .J - Lkutholtz — Monday, May 25,
clock ' An Goods, etc., at 721 Market su. at 11
o clock.
By Joseph T. Tebby— Monday, May 26, Bi-
cycles, at 844 Market street, at 2 o'clock.
By O'Fabbkll & Co.— Monday, May 25, Real
estate, at 11 Montgomery st., at 7":30 p. if.
w ßy Bhainwald, BrcKBKK A Co.— Wednesday,
May _ Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
pomery street, at IS o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
'•Fair Sunday," says Local Forecast Official
Alexander G. McAdie.
The Bohemian Club held a high jinks and
low jinks at their rooms last evening.
Seventh avenue from Goldeu Gate Park to
the Ingleside racecourse will be transformed
into a boulevard.
The Polytechnic High School held its first
annual athletic fieldday yesterday at the
Olympic Club grounds.
The Emporium held a house warming yester
day. It is estimated that over 50,000 people
passed through the Dig store.
The old Bijou Theater building Is bsing razed
to make room for a substantial three-story
structure to be built by Claus Spreckels.
At a meeting of the Mission Defense Union
held latt night resolutions were passed de
nouncing the Noe heir claims as blackmail.
One favorite wou at the track yesterday
The nm horses to the wire ware Cadenza
imp. Fullerton Lass, Peru, Veragua, Hymn and
Candor.
P*>v«ral prominent society people have in
corporated a riding club in this City. The
club will have a laubark track and riding
academy at Polk ana Pacific streets.
The Merchants' Association at its annual
meeting next Thursday will discucs the new
charter. Representatives of many progressive
organizations have been invited to attend.
Ihe portraits of Blantber. the murderer of
Mrs. Langfel.lt, have been identified by Miss
Beatrice Weill as those of Louis Weisser, whom
she claims stole her diamonds about two weeks
ago.
w. W. Van Ewan, who for the second time
was convicted of embezzling $100 from the
Savage Commercial Company, has been sen
tenced to tivo years' imprisonment by Judge
Bahrs.
The corrected trial speed of the battleship
Oregon has been officially fixed at 16.88 knots.
She is being painted and polished at the Union
Iron Works for her acceptance by the Navy
Department.
The committee who will name the board oi
directors ot the San Francisco carnival made
known many of the features proposed for that
great event and appointed a finance commit
tee of ten yesterday.
H. G. Nichols and Samuel Carr of Boston,
and of the reorganization committee of the
Oregon Short Line, are here after having ex
amined the road. The future of the road has
not been decided on.
Edmund Collier, now playing in one of the
lofal theaters, has in his possession a scalping
knife oncv carried by the Indian chieftain
Black Hawk. The latter presented it to For
rest in the early sixties.
Miners from the mountains have discovered
gold, platinum and silver in the dumps at the
abandoned smelting works on North Beach.
They are mining there now and making sev
eral hnndred dollars a week.
Henry Siefert, the Ohio farmer who dis
appeared from this City three weeks ago with
sH'kni in greenback?, iii his possession, Is re
ported to have been seen last weeK by John
Cunningham near Guerneville.
Tbe committee of arrangements of the G. A.
R. for memorial day service have on behalf of
* 3 -pective posts and corps accepted the
lr; vi -anon extended by Father Wyman of St.
Mary's (.'hurch to participate in divine service
there to-night.
A number of merchants on Montgomery
avenue have given money to three men who
• d to be a delegation of clerks from the
<ity Hall soliciting picnic funds. Tax Collec
tor Block stated yesterday that he would give
£100 if they would be proved to be his men.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the $4000
Judgment awarded to John F. Gibson against
the ~terling Furniture Company. Gibson was
cent to clean a machine he did not understand,
and as a consequence his hand was mangled.
The verdict was that he should not have been
given such work.
James F. Wardner, who some months since
visited couth Africa, says John Hays Ham
mond has some half completed books on
Metabeleland of great interest. He says the
Transvp.al laws are really oppressive, and says
Congress should send a committee in Ham
mond's behalf to Pretoria.
NOW THE SADDLE-HORSE
Incorporation of a Select Com
pany to Elevate Him
Socially.
Society People Backing the Enter
prise—They Will Have a Tan
bark Ring.
The Ban Francisco Riding Club, an or
ganization to promote horseback riding
and the improvement of the saddle horse,
to buy and sell horses and to conduct rid
ing academies, has incorporated.
The directors are Henry J. Crocker,
George A. Newball, George Quarre, George
H. Buckingham, William M. Lent, W. B.
Chapman, Fannie Lent, Mrs. William B.
Hooper and E. A. Bruguiere.
The capital stock is $5000, $235 of which
has been subscribed.
The idea is to establish here something
like the Durand Academy of New York.
It is proposed to charge an initiation fee
of about $15, with monthly dues of £3. It
is hoped that a large membership may be
obtained and that the club will be very
flourishing.
Tne club proposes to care for the horses
of members if the members desire it. An
other thing it hopes to have is a fine tan
bark ring. This will be made on the
grounds leased by the club already at $50
a month on Pacific avenue, between Polk
and Van Ness. In this way it is hoped
that riding will become very popular.
Captain Dillon, who has been interested
in the enterprise from the beginning, is
doing all ie can to bring this about, and
he is aided in it materially by Messrs.
Crocker, Lent and others.
» ♦ — *.
Change at the Honpltal
It is stated by those who claim to under
stand Health Department politics that Dr.
F. W. Dudley, the present resident phy
sician of the City and County Hospital,
will be appointed superintendent of tbe
institution about the first of the year to
succeed Dr. Stahle, whose resignation will
be asked.
Dr. Dudley graduated from the Medical
Department of 'lie University in July last
an i Is a relation of E. L. Colnon, the
Harbor Commissioner. Hi? experience as
a physician has ail been obtained as tbe
tureeon of steamers and at the hospital.
The Boats of the British Ships Wynnstay, Kilmeney, Hyderabad, Hollimvond and The Hahnemann as They Appeared in Yesterday's
Race at Sausalito When Rounding the Wynnstay on Their Homeward Run.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
BOAT-RACING
AT SAUSALITO,
British Ship-Masters Cele
brate the Queen's
Birthday.
FUN AND JOLLITY REIGN
Accidents in the First and Third
Events Marred the
Finishes.
CHALLENGES NOW IN ORDER.
All the Contestants Will Meet Again
at the St. Andrew's Day
Regatta.
Sausalito was in gala attire yesterday,
and the British colony made merry in
honor of the Queen's birthday. The ships
that have "laid up" in Richardsons Bay
i awaiting a charter were decked with all
! their colors, and crowds of visitors from
I the City enjoyed the hospitality of the
I various captains and drank the health of
, England's Queen in flowing bowls of
; cnampagne.
Among the vessels that made a splendid
j showing were the Ben Avon, Brabloch,
Hollinwood, Cawdor, Holt Hill, Loch
Broom, Hyderabad, The Hahnemann,
Lyndhurst, Primrose Hill, vVynnstay and
■ Kilmeny. On shore Mrs. General Dia
i mond entertained a large party of friends
' at afternoon tea, and Captain Castle and
I his daughter had many of their friends
j with them on their yacht White Wings.
i During the afternoon they landed at the
j clubhouse of the Pacific Yacht Club and
' there partook of a sumptuous luncheon,
j prepared by the club's chef.
While these festivities were going on
j arrangements for the boat races were being
I pushed ahead.
Commodore C. C. Bruce of the yacht
Rover was active in g tting the boats to
gether and during the afternoon acted as
1 starter. Captain Stewart Menzies was
I judge and Captain Castle referee. The first
j race was for ships' boats. Each boat had
to be manned by members of the crew of
the ship from which it hailed and each
boat was allowed four men and a cox
swain.
There were seven entries— one each from
the barks Ben Avon and Kilmeny and the
ships Brabloch, Hollywood, Hyderabad,
The Hahnemann and Wynnstay. The
I course was from a point off the Sausalito
i boat landing, thence around the yacht
j Lurline, lying off the Pacitic Club's yacnt
house, thence around the ship Brabloch,
anchored out in the bay, and back to the
starting point.
The first race was to have started at 2 :30
r. m., but it was considerably after that
before the boats got away. It was blowing
hard and there was a strong flood tide.
In consequence the boats from the Brab
loch and Hollinwood came together.
The men disengaged their boats and
j started after the others, but the collision
put them practically out of the race.
After rounding ihe Lurline the boys
I from the Wynnstay took the lead and
] were never headed again, winning easily.
j The Kilmeny was second, the Hyderabad
j ttiird, and the men on the Hollinwood.
! who had made np a lot of lost ground,
J were fourth. Handsome prizes were pro
i vided by the people of Sausalito for the
i first and second boats, and $5 was pre
j sented to each of the unsuccessful ones.
The next event on the programme was a
I tub race. There were threeentriesand the
prizes were a case of wine and a case of
fruit. Mike Turner from the Wynnstay
won the first prize. The other' entries
were from The Hahnemann and Hydera
bad, but the tubs capsized. The sailors,
nothing daunted, however, pushed their
tubs before them, and so covered the
course. T:iey were loudly cheered when
they reached the landing, wet but happy.
The next race was tor a prize offered by
Captain Kiddie of the Brabloch. There
were five entries, but the Brabloch's men
again played in hard luck. Before half the
course was covered and when in a com
manding position one of tne oars snapped
and the boat was out of the race, the
Hollinwood's crew won the prize, The
Hahnemann second and the Hyderabad
third.
Tbe defeated men are not at all satisfied
with tbe results of the races and so there
should be some exciting contests at the
Saint Andrew's picnic and regatta at El
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896
Campo this week. Over twenty boats have
entered and the principal event will be
rowed in heats.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Narrow Escape of the Ship Invin-
cible. Thrice Ashore In
Alaska.
Vessels that have gone to Alaska during
the past few months have not fared well.
The elements have been combined acain^t
them, and those that went to the gold
fi.-ids or to the canneries have been equally
unforiunate.
At Cooks Inlet some of the schooners
which took up miners have gone ashore
and the chances are that they will become
a total loss.
At Nushagak the ships Invincible and
Occidental have both been ashore, but were
kedged off ajrain.
The Invincible has had a number of
narrow escapes. Three times the wind and
waves canuht her, and in spite of all her
anchors she was picked up like a chip and
tossed on tne beach. On the 6th inst. she
was cast up high and dry, but the sixty
mtn who were on board managed to get
her into deep water again.
Captain Holland was not very hopeful
when the mail left, and if another gale
struck the ship abe would probably go
ashore for good.
Tne Invincible was fitted out by the Jo
seph Hume Cannery Company, and over
$100,000 was expended in tretting her sup
plies together. The company expected a
good season and 40,000 cases of salmon
have already been sold in anticipation of
the catch. Should the ship go ashore
again it will take the men all their time to
salve the cargo and there will be no salmon
canned this season.
The Occidental fared better than the In
vincibie, as she had the steamer Afognak
to assist her whenever tbe gales came up.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia sailed for Honolulu yesterday with a
fuli cargo and a larce passenger list. Those
in the cabin were: H. A. Jaeger, Miss
Mary Johnson, Mrs. A. K. Kir.gsford, O.
K. Lev. is, Miss Stella Love, W. C. Peacock
W. T. Porter, Professor D. H. Shauinsland
and wife, Mrs. M. M. Scott, Miss Scott,
Miss Marion Scott, M. S.-hweitzer and son
F. A. Shaeffer, C. W. Shryock, Miss A. C.
Small, Miss Spalding, E. 8. Swan, \. L
Taylor, Sharp Walker, Dudley C. Bates,
Albert Cunha, Walter C. Dart, Mrs E F
Duffey, F. Eccles, E. W. Buller, W. S.
Good let, E. F. Gutschow ana wife, E. C.
Hume, Mrs. A. E. Hume,-Miss E;izabeth
Hume, Miss May Hume, W. G. Irwin and
wife, Miss Irwin and maid.
Mr. Irwin is the agent of the Oceanic
Company at Honolulu. He came to San
Francisco to take home iiis wife, who has
been here on a long visit. Mr. Shaeffer
is the president of the Hawaiian Chamber
of Commerce, and is well known in busi
ness circles here.
lh»- American ship Roanoke is now on
her way from Honolulu to New York with
the largest cargo of su.ar aboard ever car
ried in one bottom. She has 5:570 tons of
dead weight, or 88,000 sacks, each of winch
average^ about 130 pounds. On her trip
to Honoluiu the captain found some diffi
culty in reaching port. The wind aud
currents carried the ship away down to
Molokai, and it took a week to beat back.
When loaded it was feared that the big
ship would not be able to pass through the
channel. Soundings were made, and the
pilot said there was plenty of room. Two
hours later the Roanoke was outside and
with all sail set was speeding toward New
YorK.
The Monowai is going to be crowded
with Australian freight. Among the cargo
will be nearly 1300 tons of flour and over
300 bicycles. The craze for the wheel is
growing in Australia and New Zealand,
and thoasands of the machines go there
every month. Strange to say, that al
though the freight and duty on the wheeis
are considerable, the best-known makes of
wheels are sold in Sydney and Melbourne
from $15 to $20 apiece less than they can
be bought for in San Francisco.
One of the Southern Pacific's freight cars
went off Lombard-street wharf last Friday
night. It was filled witn coffins, and they
helped to keep the car afloat. Healv
.Tibbits & Co. hoi«ted it out with a derrick
yesterday, but nearly all the caskets were
ruined by the salt water.
Captain Blackman, iate chief officer of
the City of Sydney, has been appointed
master of the steamer Starbuck. Second
Officer Connors has been promoted to the
position left vacant by BlacKman, and
Third Officer Kitt will take Connors' place.
Kitt has risen from the position of cadet
in the Mail Company's service.
M'ENERNEY IS SLATED.
Governor Bucld Will Soon Xante a >ue
ceitor to Denis Spencer a* Attorney
of the Board of Health.
The announcement was made yesterday
that Garret McEnerney would be ap
pointed by Governor Budd as the succes
sor of Denis Spencer, the recently de
ceased attorney of the board.
Mr. McEnerney studied in Mr. Spencer's
law office previous to coming to San Fran
cisco to practice his profession, and is now
regarded as one of the lew leaders at the
bar in California.
It is said that his friendship and grati
tude to his dpceased friend will cause him
to turn the $3000 a year salary that attaches
to tbe office over to Mr. Spencer's family,
who, while not in straitened circum
stances, are not particularly wealthy.
KUHLMAN WAS
SENT TO PRISON,
Sonderup's Physician Held
in Contempt by the
Coroner.
RELEASED BY CONLAN.
He Refused to Answer Certain
Questions Asked Him
by Dr. Hawkins.
MRS. SONDERUP WAS ABSENT.
Drs Barrett and Coffey Ridicule the
Death Certificate Furnished by
Dr. Kuhlman.
Dr. Chr.rles G. Kuhlman was sent to '
jail yesterday because of his refusal to
answer certain questions propounded by
Coroner Hawkins at the inquest held on
the body of Jens W. Sonderup, who died
at bis home, 10 Sit .• r street, on April !
23, under peculiar circumstances.
The physician, who, by the way, is still
in contempt, did not remain in prison any i
great length of time, Judee Conlan sign- j
ing an order for his release as soon as the
facts came to his attention. : .
The causes leading up to- Dr. Kuhlman's
arrest will be besi understood in a brief j
recapitulation of the Sonderup case, which |
is now before the Coroner. On October 15, j
1895, Jens W. Sonderap was driving along j
Montgomery avenue, and when about to j
cross, Kearny street was struck by an elec- !
trie car, receiving injuries about the head i
and spine. It seems the motorman sounded :
his Kong, and that people shouted to
Sonderup to get out of the way, but for i
some reason he paid no attention to the
warnings. On tne evening of the accident
Sonderup called at Dr. Kuhlman's office,
and from that time until the day of his
death was under his care. When the end
came the attending physician signed the
death certificate, attributing the cause to
"progressive traumatic cerebro - spinal :
ataxia and paralysis."
The health department refused to accept
the certificate because of the word "trau
matic," which means caused by violence.
The body of Sonderup was accordingly
removed from the undertaker's to the
Mor&ue, where an autopsy was held.
A certificate was filed with the health
department, naming consumption as the
cause of death. The widow of the dead
man thereupon began suit against Dr.
Barrett of the Coroner's office- for $25,000
damages, alleging, among other things,
that tne autopsy was illegally held, prin
cipally because Dr. Kuhlman's certificate
differed entirely from that furnished by
the Coroner, or rather his assistant.
The inquest on the body of the deceased
was begun yesterday, but owinK to the
peculiar absence of Mrs. Sonderup was not
concluded. An effort was made to find
the lady at her home, 10 Steiner street,
but she had not been there for some time,
and no one could tell just where she was.
In all some fourteen witnesses were ex
amined, Dr. Kuhlman being the most im
portant.
That gentleman refused to answer cer
tain questions relating to his attendance
on the deceased, and in consequence was
sent to prisnn for contempt. The
examination of Dr. Kuhlman was in brief
as follows:
"Were you called to attend one Jens W.
Sonderup?"
"Now, before I answer this question I would
like to ask if you question me ns a physician
or as a private citizen?"
"I Hk you the question as a public official,
as Coroner, and want yes or no lor an answer.
I nm asking you tis Coroner. lam not Kitting
as n private citizen."
"Are you asking me as a private citizen or as
a physician?"
"I am asking you as a Dhysician, a witness
in this case, to determine curtain facts, which
the law compels me as Coroner to find out.
You are a witness in this mailer."
Kuhlman (interrupting)— l am represented
here by counsel. Before I answer the ques
tion I would like to consult my counsel.
Coroner— This is not a trial, and your coun
sel is no more than a spectator. I want you to
answer this question yes or no.
Kuhlman — Well, I never appear In court
without counsel.
coroner— This is not a court; this is not a
trial. This is an inquest, and —
Kuhlman— l am perlectly aware what this is.
I am well nware what is going on here.
Coroner — Dr. Kunlman, will you answer my
question? .
Kuhlman— When you have furnished me the
Information.
Coroner— Dr. Kuhlman, will you answer the
question yes or no? You will be in contempt
if you refuse to answer this question.
Kuhlman— l really don't care whether lam
in contempt or not; that is your business.
Then followed a long areument between
Dr.Kahlman and Coroner Hawkins relative
to the former telling his connection with
Sonderup from October to the day of the
latter's death. The examination concluded
as follows:
Q. Now, Mr. Kuhlman. I instruct you sitting
in my official capacity as Coroner to determine
the chusc ot this man's death to answer tills
following question yes or no; if not you will be
i.dju<lgeJ guilty of contempt and taken to
court. Now, doctor, I ask you the question:
If lrom the period spoken" from October 17,
1895, to April 23. ld!Kj, you attended and
treated the deceased, Jens Sonderup, for pro
gressive trnumiitic cerebro-.sidnfll atuxia ami
paralysis; it dunng that time you treated him
tor that complaint? A. Continuously.
Q. Continuously? A. As I have stated be
fore, unless I be permitted to consult my
counsel, I snail refine to answer that ques
tion.
Q. Now, doctor, we have given you every op
portunity. A. (Interrupting.) I am willing to
take the consequence^.
y. You have place-1 yourself in contempt and
must take the consequences. A. I will take
th'j c. msuqueuces.
Ky coroner (to police officer)— Officer, step
this way.
By Coroner— Now, Dr. Kuhlman, you were
brought here by a subpena to testify before
this jury of laymen to ntrtain facts, which, nnv
fair-minded man, cltiz-.-n or physician would
testify t<> without reserve; there wns a ques
tion whloli could be answered by yes or no,
-Imply, ami would t>y eiih»-r one of" these a»
swers help-tnf ..- : . ■ 1 s <>i Justice would be car-
I rica out; you reftued to do it ; we stood your
iii'-(>lt < nee, stood your pcrsonttlities and every
thing else. Now, doctor, we are sorry we have
to take this recourse; lam sorry you, \>y tout
practice, have taken these gentlemen of the
jury from their business, brought them here
for nothing, as it were, and at the same time
you have insulted the office which I have the
pleasure to orcuny, and of which I must up
hold the dignity, lam sorry, doctor, but «■
you are in contempt you must go to jail ana
suffer the consequence.
By witness— A. lam ready, sir.
Dr. Kuhlmun was here ordered into the
custody of an attending officer, Judue Con
lan later on releasing him on bis own
recognizance. Then followed testimony
irom Drs. Barrett and Ooffey to the effect
that Sonderup died of consumption. Dr.
Coffer said that as long as he had been a
physician he had nev^r heard of such a j
disease as the one mentioned by Dr. 1
Kuhlman in the Sonderup death certifi
cate.
At the conclusion of this testimony the '
inquest was adjourned until Mrs. Son
derup could be found. Dr. Hawkins says
that he will make another attempt to have
Dr. Kuhlman testify.
At the Columbia.
To-morrow morning at 9 o'clock the box
sheet will be open at the Columbia Theater
for the selection of seats for first-night privi
leges for the coming season of the Frawley
Company. Persons purchasing first-night
privileges will be expected to take the seats for
the first night of every change of bill, when
said change occurs on Monday. Seats will not
be laid aoitle should any change t»ccur during
the week, unless so specially ordered. Regular
sale ot seats will begin on Thursday morning
May 28, at !) o'clock.
('oitipmiioMM of the Forest.
A meeting ot' the ladies of the Companions
of the Forest, together with the members of
Satellite Circle, who are <lK>.atistied with the
action of the convention at I'kiah will meet on
next Tuesday night, at the hnll of Satellite
Circle, on the northwest corner of Polk and
Sacramento streets, to consult upon a future
course regarding the difficulty which arose
among them.
PRICES THAT BRING WslfiTiTO
This Is the Magnet That Attracts.
HERE ARE MORE OF THEM, AT BOTH STORES.
36 Inches wid» DRAPERY CRETONNE, on A... a f\
Rood cloth, 1896 patterns, for home deco- v '« l ill A
ration, made to sell at 2Oc per yard PHce
Higher grade DRAPERY MATERIALS at correspondingly low
prices.
WASH DRESS FABRICS.
CISMONDA SILK, a cotton fabric, so called Our ■» 1
on account of Its sllk-llke appearance, V"* f I A
8 . ho " lc !^ 8 . 1Oc ::;:::::;:::::::::::::::::;:;:::::;;;:: Price ( 2UI
FANCY DIMITIES, the 1896 favorite WASH j #*
DRESS FABRIC. choice . styles that \|S rt
shouId . be . 15c ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: Now | UCi
Higher grades of WASH DRESS FABRICS at REDUCED
PRICES, commencing MONDAY, MAY 25.
POINT de VENIECE CREAM LACES, fine DfiVoc f\ f-
jzrados for DRESS TRIMIVINGS, at re- rTICeS "JEZft
mat kably low prices, 4- and 5 Inches M nn , /T
wide, that wsre sOc and 6Oc I^IUW 4UUI
6 to 9 inches wde, that wero 75c and $1 Now 35c.
NOVELTY VEILS AND BELTS JUST OPENED.
Kohlberg, V 107-109
c*j_ <• m)ST Street.
Strauss <* 1220 1224
Frohman J market s t
BOULEVARD FROM
TRUCK TO PARK,
Seventh Avenue to Be Trans
formed Into an Ele
gant Driveway.
TUTTLE'S BIG CONTRACT
The Good Roads Driving Associa
tion to Bear Its Share of
the Expense.
MAYOR SUTRO TO GIVE A DEED.
The Spring Valley Water Company
Will Assist the Enter
prise.
The long-felt necessity which has ex
isted for a suitable and pleasant driveway
from the south 9ide of Golden Gate Park
to the Ingleside, or Ocean, road is about
to be met, and in the course of a Tew
months the old crooked and rut-scored
road that meandered out south from the
park on the line of Seventh avenue will be
transformed into an elegant boulevard.
To accomplish this desirable purpose
Captain John Tuttle has just signed a con
tract with Mayor Sutro, the Spring Valiey
Water Company, Thomas U. Sweeny and
A. K. P. Harmon Jr. to grade, curb and
macadamize Seventh avenue from X to L
streets to a width of 80 feet.
The same avenue from H to X has just
been finished by the same well-known con
tractor.
To put tbe avenue in boulevard condi
tion over 50,000 yards of sand and earth
will have to be removed. But this re
moval of earth matter will not be so very
difficult, in consequence of a short haul to
the adjacent hollowed ground on the west
side of tne avenue where it will be dumped,
thus raising that portion to the street
erade, rendering it accessible for building
purposes.
A further contract is about perfected
with Captain Tuttle by which grad
ing will be prosecuted on Seventh
avenue from L to N streets. This will
brins: the boulevard up to the north line of
the City's property known as the Alms
house tract. From there a portion of the
inclosed land will be used to give sufficient
wi'lth to 'he boulevard.
At the .-outhern end of tbe Almshouse
property the old driveway takes a sharp
turn eas-t and leads out on the Ocean road.
To obviate this sharp turn and in order to
a straight and direct driveway from
the park to the Ingleside racecourse and
Ocean road Mayor Sntro has agreed to
defd to the City forever 80 feet of land for
a distance of one mile through his prop
erty for that purpose, provided that a good
boulevard be made. To satisfy Mr. Sutro
on this point the Good Ro<t«ls"Driving As
sociation has agreed to bear the entire
expense of makinc the boulevard all that
is expected to comply with his wishes.
The Spring Valley Water Company iB
willing to assist in this undertaking by
giving permission to Captain Tuttle to fill
a portion of LaKe Honda so that the boule
vard may be made as straight and direct
between tne park and racetrack as is pos
sible.
Work will commence on next Tuesday
on Seventh avenue between X and h, and
durinc the time of its progress the Good
Roads Driving Association has agreed to
•voom nense Captain Tuttle for putting in
condition a temporary driveway round
that portion of the avenue upon which he
may be working. But for this liberality
on the part of the association all driving on
the avenue would be stopped during the
progress of improvement.
The .Spring Valley Water Company will
avail itself of the grading process by put
ting in its fourteen-inch mains on the East
Side, and by so doing will not again be
obliged to tear up the boulevard for that
purpose.
NORTH END REPUBLICANS.
An Active and Intelligent Club Organ
ized on "the Beach."
An active body of Republicans has
formed in the north end of town, and it
proposes to have considerable influence in
shaping political events in that district
during the campaign.
It is known as the North End Republi
can Club, and it was organized May 19 at
Beyer's Hall, corner of Powell and Fran
cisco streets. The officers and standing
committees are:
James J. Cunningham, president; Charles
Stultz, vice-president; William Bioomfield,
recording secretary; Henry Corthay, financial
secretary; William Ba>>tain, treasurer; Thomas
Brady, rvrgeant-at-arrus.
Executive committee — James J. Cunning
ham (Chairman). Philip Riley, Charles Kra
mer, Mat tin MeGowan, William Bastain, Wil
liam Bioomfield, Ed Cills, L. Pistolesi, Fred
Uildebrand, Thomas Guthrio, E. Softig, Fred
Wittick.
Campaign committee — Martin McGowan,
Philip Riley.
The membership roll was signed by 102
Republicans.
IfEW TO-DAY.
Vins"Kolifni
Steadies the
Nerves
. . ,
of worn-out women and over-
worked men. It is a wonderful
tonic and a non-intoxicating"
stimulant, from which there
is no depression or reaction.
Builds up Invalids
The strengthening and nerve-
sustaining properties of Vino-
Kolafra have been shown by
such tests as those of the
French Army, the Loomis and
Flower hospitals, New York,
the athletes of Yale, Cornell,
Pennsylvania and other uni-
versities, the Superintendent
of the New York Postofnce,
various government depart-
ments in Washington, and
thousands of physicians.
Sold by druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
92 William St., New York. ,
kniiJtingco.
120 Slitter St., rooms 21-24. S. F.,
MANUFACTURERS Si
ONLY HEADQUARTERS FOB
SWEATERS!
jfe BICYCLE
«§ SUITS.
_ RAGING
I SUITS.
" BATHING
Jl^ SUITS. s
EJTIREIV SEIV "STYLES, SEASOI 1596.
Send for Illustrated Catalogues.
DEALERS. -Write us for trade
prices. You can do best with us.
IY""^ YOU WANT TO
|H ENJOY YOUR
SUMMER OUTING
DON'T FAIL TO GET
A HAMMOCK
OR A
CROQUET SET !
Mexican Hammock, strong rope
edge, plain or colored, full size,
GOo
Cotton Wove Hammock, with
spreader and pillow $1,50
Finer grades, $2 5O to $5.
Croquet Sets, 4- balls 700
Croquet Sets, 6 balls 850
Croquet Sets, 8 balls S&X.2S
RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND BY
SKILLED MKCHAMCS.
A SPECIALTY.
818-ggQ MARKET ST
P School Witr»h/ao m
I Girls' WdlClieS 1
|L— j A choice line. with the warranted ~Ji
Oj Addlsor. movement. Hade pur« "c]j
te posely for girls. Just right size. =
L- Designs very fine— nickel, silver ~JJ
jfo"' «nd gold. c] .
T={ Great bargains all this week. —j
;— with especially low prices on thes« i~J|
[pj school girls' watches. cj
1 TheWaterburyD
I Q==* Watch Co. I
S3 New Office in the *=
J== HILLS BUILDING. -=S
H I^HllJ£lL£lML£Q£Jlllil]i[oJ ?
AIL LATHEWORK^^^^^^FaH TWO YEARE*
A.L.BANCROFT SCO. 324- POST ST.S.E
WMOIB. CARRIAGES AID -HIRIESS.'
gn 1 viu il |JLv>Ap . Fifty per cent saved!
T^ffiifflTflrSf i'actory prices— Scud
\ xi'fcrbJ Carts "... $15 to $35
„ \ £?*r**&sf Buggies.... .s7s to $125
JfcL* j£^r££i?3V"7N. Carrlages..sloo to Si'O'J
XygBßr^3s£^ U/\ Wagons'. . . . $50 to $100
r^l§§^vO2*£lr_! HarneM $ s t 0 s- 5
f— fcaHK^Ts^OTK?3Sfcr~/ We slli P everywhere.
V^wSrCyC^MAWV/ California Wagon and
X^X^ffijrfgE 441,3 Fremont 36% it
i^<; 7"""" " v * inmoat "•• «• *
78
GOLD MINE ON
NORTH BEACH.
Cradle, Arastra, Pick and
Shovel Busy on the
Bay Shore.
ENRICHING THREE MEN.
They Are Separating Platinum,
Silver and Gold From
Refuse Dumps.
WEALTH UNDER AN OLD WHARF
Mining the Black Dross and Accre
tions of Smelters at the
Abandoned Works.
For the last month or two a gold and
silver mine has been in full operation on
North Beacn. From the black dross on
the shore valuable metals have been dug,
and wnat was regarded as so much refuse
has been found to contain wealth beyond
the miners' expectations. How much of
this weaith lies there is purely a matter of
conjecture, though experts look forward
to a rich harvest that may take some years
to gather in.
The 6trangest part of it all is, nature
never placed the precious metals there.
They were taken thither some years ago
from the Sierras and other mining dis
tricts, and represent a very slight propor-
tion of loss in the refinement of ores and
bullion by the Seiby Smelting Company.
The mine, for such it really is, lies in the
dump-heaps of the abandoned Selby
Smelting Works on the bay shore, between
Hyde and Leavenworth streets.
Nobody ever dreamed that precious de
posits lay in these refuse heaps, until
about two years ago a young man named
Watkina, with considerable skill and
knowledge of refining ores and of mining
in its various aspects, introduced nimselt
to W. B. Ciuff, one of the owner 3 of the
tottering works and the real estate upon
which they stood.
"I want the privilege of mining over
these old smelling works,' 1 he explained.
The men .spoke of terms.
"That part of it is ull right," replied the
enterprising young stranger. "I'll work
ii on shares or pay for the privilege."
He was taken ;it his word and a con
tract was signed.
Then Wat kins with two experienced
miners went to work in the ruins. They
labored with evident enthusiasm. It was
a partnership arrangement, and so one
vied with the other in producing ore of
different kinas. Watkina knew many se
crets about abandoned smelting works,
and this, too, was the secret of his phe
nomenal snecess. One day he got permis
sion from Ciuff to take a felt covering off
the roof of a abed. He burned the cover
ing and refined the :isiies, and in it alone
got a snug little fortune in gold dust, sil
ver and platinum.
Shortly after this incident he called on
Ciuff in the latter's store on Sixth street.
•'Good-by," was his laconic greeting.
■'What's this for?"
"Well, I've got all there's in it; I've
made enough ont of it, and my partners
are satislied also."
He left San Francisco to try his fortune
on an old smelter in Idaho, or somewhere
in that part of the country.
•'He made many thousand dollars, but
he only raked over the place," said Mr.
L'luff's manager, Benjamin Duncan. "The
men who have gone into the work now
are in earnest. They have discovered a
mine that was never dreamed of. They
lake out gold, silver and j>iatinum in
large quantities and are making money
fast. The ore or products averages $250 a
ton, and there is a tremendous heap to
draw from."
The miners who are now delving in the
refuse came here from Siakiyou recently
and undertook to operate on sbares with
the owners. Messrs. Ciuff Sc Harris. After
making a careful prospect of the premises,
one of them went underneath the old
wharf to further investigate.
The wharf projects iuto the water about
150 feet and it is wider than it is long. At
high tide the waves wash under this
structure almost to the fence on the south
side of the works at orie end. When the
tide is our, however, there is a black hump
on the strand at this point. Ashes, debris
und the recremert of metals dumped from
above had accumulated by degrees into
quite a respectable headland. During
this slow process the sea washed over the
heap at each title. Thus did nature wash
the nietais from the light dross, leaving
nothing but the vitreous stuff and free
minerals to sink in the sandy beach. One
may go there and pick up a vitreried
cinder containing a chunk of pure silver
or. perhaps, the "color"' of gold. Any
how, the attrition of the waves left little
else than a sold mass of material which
lias assayed $250 a ton.
At low tide this is mined and hoisted to
the wharf in buckets and in wheelbarrows.
Then, when the rising water prevents fur
ther work, the miners transfer operations
to their washing troughs and arastras.
TLere is a big pump on the outer edge of
the wharf. From it a wooden trough is
laid at a slight incline to a cradle. The
"dirt" is put into the trough nearest the
pump, water is then pumped upon it
and the lighter part washes into the bay.
The residue is treated in the cradle arid
arastra repeatedly, so that little but free
metal remains. This is packed and sent to
the smelting works m Contra Costa
County to be melted and refined. To get
at the ore the men have to go beneath the
wharf and dig as if they Tere in a natural
mine. They have found that the metallif
erous dump heap sank below the level of
the sand, its greater weight, no doubt hav
ing pressed the sand and mud away on all
sides.
A week ago the miners turned their
attention to the flues. These lead from
where the various smelters stood, and
below the surface, to the tall chimney
shaft. The interstices ol" the bricks form
iug those conduits were found to be reek
ing with gold dust and silver r.nd plati
num, and the furnaces and soil around
them are also saturated with the precious
metals.
'They have been talking of puiling
down the chimney." said Mr. Dune.in.
"They said it contains thousands of dol
lars' worth of gold in the crevasses and it
would pay to tear (.'own the bricks and
treat them. I understand that (he flue*
are supposed to be quite as rich. The men
at work there are taking out some hun
dreds of dollars a week and have made
teverai thousand dollars clear so 'at.
"One would liardlv think that so much
valuable material should have been over
looked by the smelting company. But
that was how they relineU ores in the
earlier days. Times have changed Bince
then. Th old methods were crude in cotn-
portion with the new, and nowadays the
abandoned refuse-dump is treated on mod
i m principles and made to yield consider
able gold and silver."
The miners were quite enthusiastic over
the work last week. They were digging
around the arches at the base of tnesmoke
btack and cleaning up tne "pay dirt" in
wheeloarrows. They were constantly Add
ing to toe pupply of minerals stored in a
cued to await shipment to Port Costa. It
was better than ruining in mountains, and
the "dirt" paid them more liberally than
natural ore would.
A watchman armed to the teeth sits in
the storage-sLed night after night with the
unrefined treasure, so the mine has its
"night shift," as all well-regulated mines
should have.
SERVICES AT NOTRE DAME.
The Archbishop Will Administer Con
firmation—Special Music and Singing.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated at
11 o'clock to-day in the church of Notre
Dame dcs Victoires, on Bush street. Rev.
A. Tx>ude, 6. ML, will be celebrant and the
sermon will be preached by Rev. Emile
(jente, S. M.
The choir for this occasion will consist of
the following ladies and gentlemen, under
direction of Professor Martinez, organist:
sopranos. Mis«es Florence Garrissere, M.
Vereez, L. Ward; altos, Misses Anna
Grozellier and Irene Mull; tenors. Messrs.
James Lane, E. Corpy ; bassos, John McAu
liffe and N. Lane. " The soluists will be
Misses F. Garnssere, M. Gallant, Mr.
McAuiiffe and Professor Uettmann.
At 4 o'clock, his Grace, Archbishop Rior
dan, will administer tne sacrament of con
firmation to a class of about 200 boys and
girls. The choir will render the following
selections: "Aye Maria," by Zinjrarelli;
"J'aier Noster," by Niedermever. During
confirmation, Dubbis' "Veni Creator," will
be sung. "Aye Veruni," by Htradella, will
be sung by Miw Gallant, "with vioiin, by
Professor Bettmaim.
Solemn bened'ction will follow con
firmation. Verdi's "OSalutaris" and Ros
sini's "Tantum Ergo," will be rendered
by the choir. Zingarelli's 'Laudate Puen
Doinmum" will conclude the ceremony.
IS NOT AN EXPERIMENT.
Woman Suffrage Has Proved
a Success Wherever
Tried.
In Accordance With the Trend of the
World's Thcurht and In
telligence
The proposition that it is just, right and
expedient that women, being human
beings, a part of the people, of the taxed
ana of the governed, should share equally
with men in the privileges of self-govern
ment, is by no means a novelty in a con
siderable part of the civilized world.
In England and her colonies, Finland,
Iceland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland,
France, Russia, Siberia, Cape Colony and
India, in whole or in part, woman suffrage
prevails. Many people do not realize that
in twenty-three States of the Union also
school suffrage exists, dating, in some
cases, from 18t51. Kansas, with municipal
suffrage, and three other States with full
suffrage all bear testimony that good re
sults and not evil, t> the woman herself,
to the home and to the community, follow
upon the consistent and equitable applica
tion of the principles of our democratic
form of government.
Thus it is in no wise an experiment that
California proposes to try in the adoption
of amendment 11. Yet to the greater
number of voters the matter, but recently
presented in this Gtate to public attention,
has come as an innovation. To the
scruples and objections of the conserva
tive the best answer and strongest argu
ment seems to be in t. c unqualified com
mendation of Governors, Senators, Judges,
editors, ministers, presidents of political
and educational societies Secretaries of
State and other public officials who have
experienced the working of the extended
franchise.
"Our women consider more carefully
than our men the character of candi
dates" ; "both political parties hare found
themselves obliged to nominate their best
men in order to obtain the Bupport of the
women"; "under it we have uetter laws,
better oflicers, better institutions, better
morals ami a higher social condition in
general"; "not one of the predicted evils,
such as loss of native delicacy an'! Hist 'm!>
ance of home rela:iunv, h.i^ follow*! •
train"; "I lad the Strongf.M i»r ;
possible against it, but what i have seen
has completely changed my opinion. It
has worked well and is productive of much
good"; "our best and most cultivated
women vote understanding^ and inde
pendently"; "we have had no trouble
from bad women at the polls. We feared
that cultured women would shrink away
and the bold and indelicate cotne to the
front in public affairs, but no such thing
has happened"; "it does not cause women
to neglect thtir domestic affairs"; "I
never neard a man complain that his wife
was less interested in domestic economy
because she had the right to vote and took
an interest in making the community re
spectable"; "the women have suffered
no loss of respect and consideration';
"my wife voted and now takes a
erreater interest in public affairs,
but her other duties have been
just as well performed, she is just as good
a wife," "the women of the best home, of
the most social influence and already expe
rienced in systematic charity were the
leaders. They simply applied their power as
good women to the limp of good govern
ment just as they apply it in church and
charity work"; "tne presence of women at
tne polls in their own right as citizens ia a
benefit to the polls, to the community and
has not etianged the women any unless for
the better' 1 ; '"no unpleasantness is caused
in families, the women are as good wives
and daughters as before"; "the women are
as modest as ever and ttie men have not
degenerated."
Such are tne reassuring comments of the
ruost intelligent observers. It is possibly
true that there were people in Paris all
through the tremendous events of the
Revolution who yet remained in ignorance
of that mighty movement toward freedom
and equality. But there is no need tuat
any voter in" California remain unenlight
ened as to the progress and standing in
the world of equality for women.
The justice of it may not be gainsaid and
there is not a single sound argument
against its expediency. There is not a
class of men in existence who would con
sent to occupy the position of political
wards and proteges; nor who could resist
degeneration and the loss of respect, pub
lic and private, s. ovid they so consent. It
is not strange then that in the fullness of
time the world has moved on into the re
cognition of the necessity for the exten
sion to woman also of all human rights
and opportunities.
It is as inevitable as the march of the
seasons. Centuries ago the seed was
planted; silently and unrecognized has it
been growing; to-day it is buisting into
blossom in the siffht of ali men. A few
years more and the wonder will be that
solely on account of sex invidious distinc
tions and artiiical disabilities were ever
made between human beings. It is in
accordance with the trend ol the world's
thought and Intelligence to-day, that the
different political parties in California are,
one after the other, indorsing freedom,
justice and equality for women. This in
dorsement has b'.en sincere. There have
been certain persons to claim the contrary.
But the women who went up to Sacra
mento know the difference between idle
compliment and sincere pledged and
heartfelt conviction and indorsement.
They know their friends. In the words of
one of :heni - "If you had oeen there you
would know as I do that no insincere
flattery promp:ed those party planks.
Deny that every time and every wtitre."
M. L. Wakeman < irtis,
Chairman Oakland Suffrage Press Com
mittee.
The 1., i. Kutatr,
Judge Coffey has Issued an order of sale for
all the property of the estate of Joseph i*.
Hale. The property Is worth several Hundred
thousand dollars. Its most valuable item is a
tract of land. for which gome years ago an
offer of $2,000,000 was made. Now tha estate
would sell it for almost anything over $100,-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 189 G.
THE DARKTOWN DERBY.
Candor Was a Warm Tip aod
Beat the Favorite Flash
light Out.
A ROUGH DAY FOR FAVORITES
The Win of Peru a Startling Reversal
of Form — Hymn Downed His Field
Like Breaking Sticks.
Razors were temporarily laid away on
the shelf, and the Parktown Derby run
at the Bay District Track yesterday. Nine
husky colored gem'men whose average
weights ranged from 145 to 151 pounds,
mounted en good and bad nags, gave an
exhibition, home lew of the riders in the
years gone by were shining lights of the
saddle, bin were compelled by increasing
avoirdupois to follow other vocations, such
as "rubbers," "cooks'* and "crap-shoot
ers." The distance was a mile and a six
teenth over the inside course. Flashlight,
with T. Jackson up, opened a warm 6-to-5
favorite in the betting, but the colored
aristocracy considered that he was just a
trifle too warm, and the order was given to
unload on C. Brown's mount, Candor, who
was straightaway backed down from 4 to 2.
-Monroe Johnson said he would upset the
"jrood thing" with Huntsman, and al
though Monroe rode a good race, he had to
be content with third place.
When sent away, Brown on Candor sent
his mount out in iront and tried to lose
hi* field. At one time eight lengths in the
lead, the black mare finally won by a neck
from Flashlight, who might have won had
the reins been rubber instead of leather.
There were one or two slight casualties at
tendant on the affair. In a false breaka
way, "Cabin Jack" Wilkins, who had the
mount on Malo Diablo, was thrown, but
alighting on his heHd suffered no injury.
After pulling up, Mr. Spencer discovered
that the legs of his ruling pants had
agreed to separate, and was obliged to lin
ger in the weighing-room under the
judges' stand until his valet brought him
a flour barrel.
The attendance was good and the
slaughter of the favorites awful and com
plete. Hymn was the solitary winning
one, and he waj of the unpronoumed
order. Cadenza, imp. Fullerton Lass,
Peru and Veragua ail won at lengthy
prices, fairly well backed. This is espe
cially true in the case of Peru, who was
pounded down from 15 to 6 to 1.
The acrobatic performances of this latter
horse are truly remarkable, and hisowner
ii fortunate in racing on a track that will
tolerate almost anything. On .Monday
last the Guno colt started in a seven-furlong
run, finishing fourth, behind Red Glen,
Ruinart and Walter J, bein 4 beaten seven
i lengths. On that occasion he receded in
the betting. Yesterday, backed down from
long odds, he made such a good horse in
heavy fioing as All Over look like a dog,
beating him out at the wire as he pleased.
Waiter J was in the race, and, after leading
I to the stretch, finished third behind All
Over, who was a S to 5 favorite.
Cxuenza proved the good thing in the
opening six-furlong run, backed down
from 8 to 5 to 1. Johnson had him in front
the entire way and ridden out he beat the
S to 1 choice Arno alength at the wire in
L:18. Jerome 8 was a good third.
Ihe second race over a miie, decided un
der selling conditions, saw another favorite
bowled over. Bcimeiar opened an Bto 5
choice, but receded to 11 to 5, while Little
Cripple was hammered down from threes
to 8 to 5. Hermanita went back in the bet
ting a point or two. Scimetai, Hermanita
; and Little Cripple went out in the lead and
j down the baclc stretch and around the back
turn the trio raced with little advantage
on either side. As the stretch was reached
Cripple was showing the wav by half a
leiiKth, with Hermanita, Sclmetar and
Fullerton Lass following in the order
— the latter looming up a dangerous
1. The favorite soon had the bunch
; beaten, wiih the exception of Fullerton
j Lass. In a drive the last furlon» Snider
j got the outsider past the wire winner by a
neck in 1:4t>>,,,. Scimetar was a fair third.
It looks very much as though Abi P
never would win another race. Hhe was
I backed down from threes to U to 5 in the
betting on the fourth event, a six-furlong
spin with a field of eleven starting, but
could finish no better than third under
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring Meeting Bay District Track. Twenty-first day. Satur
day, iMay 33, i 896. Weather fine. Track heavy.
1232 riKST BAUE- six turlonis; Belling: three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse *300.
Index. j Horse, age, weight. i St. j i/4 | % % sir. | Fin. Jockey*. Betting.
1902 O»dent*,3 97 2 14 Tb il mi r. Johnson ~B 7
1218 Arno.4 103 4 21 IS a 23 2 2 Martin 8-2 H
1226 Jeromes. 8. 114 1 41 4.1 31 34 , c .her' 4 0 2
1218 Three Forks, 6... 116 5 3 1* 3 % 43 41 ' r'e'ers 4 «
1218 Little Tough, a. ..Ill I 5 1 02 6 Bh It Williams" '"" 10 25
1209 Navy Blue, 4 109 8 8 3 8 5 8 « "a He»n w ! 0 8
1214 May Jon.s, 3 101 7 7 •_> 72 7 710 "Ickl'nc HO 100
1191 KenMaboney, 3..106 6 61 5 1 82 8 4 roariv 6-2 7$
1210 Vtrnoal..: 109 9 9 9 J. I* H "^on"-.::: 20 100
Startlng-gaU? used. Won easily. Winner. Pueblo stable's b. t., by Fiambeau-lrt-ih Lass. Time, 1:18*
1 233 S1I n RACE - On6 mile; » ellln 3: three-year-olds and upward: conditions; allowances:
Index. Horse, age, weight. I bL 14 % % str. | Fin. ' Jockeys. (^'""ci
(1220) IpFuUertnI..ass.6. 109 3 I 4 3 j 42 41 2~1 j Hi" Snider i~8 6
1225 Little Cripple, 6..10H 2 3 lV I 3 2 1% 1^ A <* f^ftd'" 6-2 8 5
1184 Sclmlter. 3 93 5 1 %' lh 2h 31* 32 I JobnVon 8-5 "
1210 Hermanlla.4 104 1 ll • 2 Vi 3% 43 4h i Martin 2 5
1204 BeIlrln g er,a......l0a 4 5 6* B* 6 s" Buffi, I'.":::::: 2% jjf
8 ra" a B Trme "l*:^^ On hHmiI ' y " WlDnOri Sl.aooona stable's imp. b. m., by Fnllenoa La**:
1234 THIRD BACIS - Se vcn furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; penalties: purse $300.
Index. \ Horse, age, weight. St. | V* Vt «/ 4 Str. Fin. I Jockeys. op*"'"*!
1205 Pern, 8 107 3 4 3 3 1 2~2 22 Ha" i Martin i? 6
1206 All Over, 4 1121 2 2h 2V4 S3 3 8 "f 1 shields 4-5 <? 5
1219 Walter J, 3 .100 4 13 14 11 1 l/a 3 •> In der 3 1C 5
(1209, Zobalr,6 110 6 5 6 5 4T 4 4 coffn- 5 7
1117 Jack R)chelleu,a,110i 133 44 42 6 5 a Weber"".!;..' 16 20
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, Al Morinfs cb. g., -(lano^.armallta. Time, l:30y A .
1235. {3oa BTH RACE ~ 8|X farlon *»-' three-year-olds ana upward; conditions; allowances; pume
index, j Horse, age, weight, j?t. _^4 % % Str. j Fin. | Jockeys. |op. etU0 Cl.
1214 Veragua. 3 97! 1 lh 111 l"l fa II Wilson 15 15
1214 Benham,3 106 2 M « % 2 Vi a h AmeV 3 7
1220:AI,IP.a Ill 9 41 4^ 3h iu Rhi-id," 3 fJ.
1203 Warraw. 5 10» 8 7 1 BV? 6 I 41 m««1b S «
1214 BweetBriar, 3.... 99 3 31 3 1 6 V«, j 51 FrawleV 7 4
1215 tanl«el!.3 100 11 9 2 8^ 7 at. Shenilrd 15 in
1821 Chinook, 4. 107 tt 814 7% 4% 7 1? HussSil"""' « 10
1221 Bert. 6 Ill 4 82 9f 9^1 Hi, WicKllnV 100 300
1189 Cataloeii*., 4 118 5 10 a 10 10 ' q« T Wlil?ams"" 60 60
BUM -en. Hoffman, 3.106 7 21 61 8 10 T- Williams .... 60 60
1222 ' Mome Ba»vn. 3... 105 10 ' 11 11 11 n " ; foods'. V^^llOO 200
Startlng-gnte used. Won easily. Winner. A. Xldcell'i b. g.. by sinfax Partlsana. Time, 1 :17»A.
1236. SSFrgflSSS** * nd * half ° ng8: 8ellIns: ">«e-yeaMad. and upward; .1 o7-
ind. j Horse, age, woigbt. j St. j 14 % % str. Fin. Jockeys. o Bmln £
592 Hymn. 5 110 I 12 16 1~4 1 • ~ I Ti^H (35 iTT»
1213 . load Warmer, 3. 97 5 7% 7. 6 2 h sh»n»^l 17 v^
1192 Doubtful. 3. ...... 100 3 SitS 31 2 UA t» & 20 H
1231 .Howard, 5 110 1 8? 6 4 n % 4 1 ro« d v 7-J a.9
1199 Spray, 4 112 8 «h 5 7 I •' snfd/r 4 3
1029 MontalUde.S 08 7 Bh 2% 81 02 uJrtln" 4 4
12.2 «an]o. 6 11.'»,;1O 10 t 9 8 710 r*\ V >Lr 20 30
1191 ilon-rcb, 6 110 9' 92 \ 10 9 hi ° nJnehlmi In inn
2:^6 (omenie, 3. 93 6 2 V, 8 10 a : H Bmw? P 15 12
(1221) ■Myron. 4 ....107 4 4 2 4n 6 Mi 10 1,'nei 30 GO
I in. ,-,«,, 'i o'i -1 1 il 11. «T .** . w Ames.. ou w
"•■ uucssu, » 93 11 11 11 11 u 1 I.Johnson 15 60
taring-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Q. Matthew,' b. ., by H| my ar-Una U. Time. 1:10V*.
1 OO7 SIXTH KACK-One and a sixteenth miles; inside coMs7Tthe~Darktown Derby four-rear-
JZO I . olds and up; conditions: purse *300. , «""»*• me uarktown Deror, lour-year-
Index. } °" c ace, weight. \ w.i std. J±_ \ _%_ |_%_[ _^_ Fin. | Jockey. 1 Op!*""^.
12.5 Candor. 4 146 4 11 16 ! 18 ! 16 12 "TT~ ,, I,™,, "i Z
(1203) FlasUIUht. 4. 150 8| 6 1 4 3 , S'.j 2 2 | 2 2 2 4 ?' ?I^.nn A -1«
1224 lluul.-n.n. 6... .161 7 I 62 { 51 I 6 8B1 41 ; B2 M J T a " 80 ° 6 'J* 7 *$
1211 Halo Diablo. 4...150 1 72; 01 52 3 Vi 3 L, 42 j^'iv^uim 8 1,0
695 i-rlcrlle, ft....... 161 90 8 82 9 6 br <-' i ' . V" in 1"?
1211 Comrade. 6 161 5 2 M* S3 22 41 5 64 PKn li X in
1210 ii.oi.uleB. • 149 6 4 1 9 9 8 8 7« c' K^'i^«n « 4»
1224 The Lark, 6 151 I 81 7 73 7 9 rS v iT em ? ?^
i,,..,. n ,i -' in q <» 1 uk 1 , / A i, n * l. Lewis 7 15
K>land,a 151 3 .31 3h **J__7__V_ q. Spencer 20 50
Tlrn^oo!*" WUh ■""*' W0D driVlng ' ' DDer ' F ' PWUIPS ' blk - »■• by Imp. I>areb!n-Mi« Clay.
Shields' riding. Veragua, with odds of 15
and 20 to 1 against him. was allowed to cut
out his own pace and won easily by two
lengths, with Benham a head before the
first choice.
The fast sprinter Hymn, who has been
rusticating and enjoying himself among
the rollers out at the ocean beach for some
weeks, made his reappearance as a starter
in the race that followed, a five and half a
furlong with eleven going to the
post, and mane a show of his company. As
good as 2>2 to 1 was always obtainable
about him in the ring, and after leading at
one stage of the running by six lengths he
finally passed the stand, eased up two
lengths before Road Warmer, a 12 to 1 shot
TEACE AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
Sweet Briar was strongly backed to win
the fourth event on her previous good
runs, but made a most disappointing
showing.
Road Warmer, the horse that is accred
ited with being a quitter, was coming like
a streak at the finish of the race taken by
Hymn. He nipped the place from Doubt
ful by a scant head.
Elie Perles could not see where Peru
figured to have a chance and took a $200
bet from Purser at odds of 12 to 1.
Owner Naglee Burk had a small bet
down on his filly Cadenza.
It was rumored around that Little Crip
ple was to be "shoo'ed' in. It was close.
YA Purser had a ;,anl-luck yarn to relate
of the fourth race. El gave a French gen
tleman friend of his $ 100, with instructions
to place the money on Veragua. The com
missioner misunderstood the name and
placed the amount on Warraco, a 7 to 1
chance. Veragua, at 20 to 1, won easily,
and the tall plunger was out just $2000.
VETERANS IN ST, MARY'S
Local Posts of the Grand Army
Will Attend Service
There.
The Line of Procession for Memorial
Day Parade Is Decided
Upon.
A meeting of the committee of the Grand
Army of the Republic having in charge
the arrangements for divine service to-
night and also for the procession and the
exercises at Odd Fellows' Cemetery on
next Saturday held a meeting at the head
quarters of the Veterans' Association, on
Sansome street, last night.
The principal business transacted was in
making final preparations for the mem
bers of the posts and corps of the Women's
Auxiliary to attend divine worship at St. |
Mary> Church, at California and Dupont !
streets, to-nigtit.
The following posts and corps, through |
their respective commuters, signified their j
intention of being present and taking part !
in the service:
Lincoln Pott, H. W. Mortimer, P. C; Gar
fi<M'l, K. K. KUpore. P. C. ; Colonel Cam, John
O'Neill, P. C. ; neutral Mi-ade, J. F. (ioegin,
P. 0.: Liberty, \V. M. l'nrk. P. C. W. X. ■'<•.— ;
Lincoln, Lille C. Milne, president; Garn'eid,
Addle L. KalKiu, president; Memie, Bessie i
Johnson, president; Fair <>aks Camp, S. ol V., ]
Captain C. B. Howard; S.ven Pines Circle,
Ladies Q. A. X , Pauline Willis, California Gar
rison, Army and Navy Onion.
It waa decided that the bodies should
assemble in Union-square Hall, between
• ieary and Post street?, at 7:30 o'clock
sharp and march in a body to the church
beaded by the drum corps of the League
of the Cross cadets with dag- and banners
of the posts and corps.
The line of march for Saturday's pro
cession has been designated by the grand
jiKir-nal as follows: Starting from Hat
tery and Market streets, up Market to
Golden date avenue to Van Ness, thencs
one block south to Turk street past the
reviewing stand and from that point to
tne Odd Fellows' Cemetc-ry, where the
services will be held.
Secretary Lyons read a communication
from Colonel C. Mason Kinne, the pur
port of which was thai the posts should
attend divine <>«»rvice at Plymouth Church,
where Comrade J. A. Cruzan would con
duct the service .«nd where the American
flap, ho paid, would give no offense nor
tiie ritual of the Q. A. R. be objectionable.
He condemn Ml the post as a body going to
a Catholic church on Memorial day, say
ing that that c mrch had never shown its
sympathy for the cause which the G. A. R.
held dear.
A motion was made and carried by nine
ayes against two noes to lay the communi
cation on the table.
YOUNG ATHLETES
SEEK RENOWN,
Polytechnic High School
Boys Display Their
Brawn.
PROMISING MATERIAL.
A Very Good Showing Consider
ing Their Limited
Training.
STEONG INTERCLASS RIVALRY.
Middlers Are Finally Victorious After
a Spirited and Stubborn
Contest.
The first annual fiel i-day of the Poly
technic High School was held yesterday
at the Olympic Club grounds. A slim but
enthusiastic crowd witnessed the events
from the bleachers.
Although league recordo were impos
sible owing to the stiff wind the sprinters
had to face on the last stretch, yesterday's
performances strongly indicated that there
was much athletic ability in the school.
Many of the contestants yesterday hail
trained scarcely any, and many had never
taken part in athletics of any kind what
ever up to within the last few months.
There were several embryo pole-vaulters
and distance-runner 3, who, with proper
training, ought to become record-breakers.
However, the winners in every event of
yesterday's contest have the satisfaction
of knowing that they have established a
record, for, this being the nrst field day of
the school, the best time or distance made
in each event stands aa the school record.
Each winner was also presented wfth a
Beat silvi r medal.
The middle class was easily victorious,
having twice as many points as its nearest
competitor, the junior class. The seniors
had few men entered, but those few did
good work, the work of W. Healey, athletic
captain of the class, being especially
worthy of mention.
The close finish in the mile run was
waicheJ with interest by the crowd on the
bleachers. After a beautiful spurt on tne
last lap Kroenke beat Duden by a small
distance. The pluck shown by little
Healey, a budding athlete of pigmy size, in
running ont the mile, was loudly ap
plauded. The 880- yard run was made by
Pitchford in 2:10 l-">. This time, which is
within four seconds of the Amateur Ath
letic League record, was very good, consid
ering the wind.
Mau showed great ability in the pole
vault, easily clearing the rod at heights
where all others failed. Like many of the
athletes, he was entered in a great many
events, otherwise his performance would
have undoubtedly been much better.
Following is a summary of the events
and a list of the officials of yesterday's
lkld day— the letters 8, M and 5 after each
name standing for senior, middle and
junior, respectively:
100-yard dash, trial heats. First heat— AY.
TO-DAT.
VARICOCELE
Wasting Weakness, Failing Man*
hood and Nervous Debility
Are Easily Cured by
While you sleep at night _^J|c^\ Dr. SandeiTa Electric
this belt soaks your -$^"% : ?^" Belt has a newly pat-
weakened nerves full of ented regulator which
electricity and restores §/?^%ig makes the current mild
your health. It is surer i^fe'Slp^ or strong while the belt
and cheaper than mcdi- '^httfa^MS is on the body. No other
dl »- belt made can be regu-
'"/{/.UV lated.
The disease known as varicocele has baffled the medical profession at every tnrn
The various attempts to remove it have all proven ineffective, and some of them evTn
more injurious than the disease itself. The knife, vacuum com «inn La ».. I
have all been tried and all failed, and yet Varicocele and its iIT/efo J^Vr ol wasS
weaknesses can be cured, Varicocele is a congestion of the Btamant blood in h!
veins, with considerable distention of the glands Electricity^ will £on° nn ♦!•
congested state and drive the stagnant WocAto the d«SattonTiiteyS? P th7t2!:
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
l™£ a n uLt° DiC ""* D ° W ■*■»»:•*«" th ° th m °e U an a s son of S Vea^tVe^d
VARICOCELE.
« Its power over ! hi disease Is remarkable. Cures have r.P«n tomp]eM ,„ „„,
month and the worst cases can be reached in three SoX by this ■»"• Is an •*
deDce of recent results the following will be interesting-
" My varicocele, which was very bad and painful so thai ih,ji
Was helped right away and in one month had disappeared ahoJetSr^ We " * SUPP °^
,, IK a . , K\i-v AAt KURTZ, Tualitan, Or.
"I had varicocele and weafenesß of 26 Tears' Rtandin? v fl ,,, n P o. m j t>, »v-
Bait h.. cured me." L. L\ JACCARD^ewJIS'sST Leandro Cal?^
Many other cures can be found by referring to the little book, Three Classes cl I
Men/ which can be had free tipon application. Those who have tried other treatments
Will find much of interest in this book or a visit to the salesrooms of " c »^«"«»
S-A.:N"3D:E::xr iESIjEO'X'IEHO OO
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundayj, 10 to 1 '
OFFICES A.T
MS ANGELES, CAL. I ' „,„.,.,„ __
MM South Broadway. | . 2B^Valmn^ 0 3 i ?treefc
Healey, P. ; H. Morton, J. ; R. Dykes, J.; G. A.
CaMagnetto, M.; C. uay, J.
Won by Gay; second, Castagnetto. Time,
11 :5-5 seconds.
Second heat— Cobleigh, J.; F. Riccomi, J.;
\V smith, M.; K. Man, M.; E. Welsh, M.
Won by Welsh; second, Smith. Time, 11 3-5
seconds.
luo-yard final— Won by Welsh; second, Gay;
third. Smith. Time, 11 3-5 seconds.
l'^O-yard hurdle, trial heats. First heat— L.
Dorr, j. ; D. Grant, M.
Won by Grant; second, Dorr. Time, 22ft
second*.
Seroud heat— U. Nathan, J.; E. Mau, M. ; B.
11. Rope. M.
Vina by Mau; second, Pope. Time, 20 sec-
ODd&i
120-yard hurdle. Final— Won by Mau; sec
ond Grant; third. Dorr. Time, 21 1-5 seconds.
440-yard run— W. Smith, M.; C. Gay, J.; A.
Hunley J : O. A. Castaiinetto, M.; F. Hammer,
J •L. Dorr, J. ; B. 11. Pope. M.; W. Healey, S.;
I! ' Morton, J. ; R. Dykes. J. Won by Hammer.
second Hauler. Time, 59 sec.
Mile run— H. Healey, J. ; K. Duden. J. ;A.
Harridan, S. ; W. Smith, M. ; 1). Cronin, M. :W.
Uritt M • K. Kroenke, S. Won by Kroenke, |
necond Duden, third Healey. Time, 5 mm. |
" B&O-yard run— J. I'itchford, J.; \V. Smith, M. ;
B H. I'ope, M. : William P.ritt, M. ; F. Hammer,
J • X Duden, J.; A. Harrigan, S. ; E. Kroenke,
8 ; R. Dykes, J.
Won by Pnehford, Hammer second. Time,
2 mm. 1G 1-5 sec
220-yard hurdle, trial. First heat— L. Dorr,
J.; I>. Grant, M.; L. White, M. «...
Wou by Graut. Dorr second. Time, 33 2-j
"^Second heat— ll. Nathan, J. ; E. Duden, J.;
E. Mau. M. . _. o, - r-
Won by Mau, Nathan second. Time, 31 4-5
SL 220-yard hurdle— Final. Won by Mau, Grant
second, Dorr third. Time, 35 1-5 sec.
220-yard dash-C. Gay, J.; W. Smith, M.;F.
Riccomi, J.; H. Welsh. M.; H. Morton, J. Won
by Welsh; second, Smith. Time, 25 sec.
One-mile relay, firtt place, ten points; sec
ond, six; third, two — Won by middle class;
■econd, junior class. Time, 3:46 4-5.
Running.' broad jump— H. Welsh, M.; E. Mau,
1L: B 11. roi>". M.; H. Levy, J.; H.Nathan,
J.: D. Grant, M.; W. Smith, M.
Won by Mau, Grant second, Nathan third.
Distance, 20 feet 3 inches.
Running high jump— D. Grant, M.; E. Mau,
U.j B.H. Pope, M.; L. Dorr, J.
W. v by Grant, Mau second, Pope third. Dis
tance, oitet 1 inch.
I J ole vault— l>. Grant, M.; E. Mau, If.: W.
Healey, B.; H. Nathan. J. ; B. H. Pope, M.:
Won" by .Mau, Healey secoud, Grant third.
Distance, 9 feet 2 inches.
Twelve-pound shot put— H. Nathan, J. ; B. H.
Pope. M. ; 1L Welsh, >L; L While, M.; E. Mau,
M. ; I>. Cronir., M.
Won by Nathan, Mau second, Pope third.
Distance, 29 feet 7 inches.
Sixteen-pound hammer throw— H. Nathan,
J ; l". Duaen, J.; U. H. I'ope, M. ; D. Cronin,
M.; L. White, M. ; H. Welsh, M.
Won by Nathan, Duden second, Pope third.
Distance," 88 feet 3 inches.
Referee— S. T. Pope, U, C.
Judges at finish— S. M. Crim, P. H. S. ; Frank
Trieat, P. H. 8. ; Arthur Easton, P. H. S.
Field Judges— A. 11. Cook, 1". 11. S. ; C. H. Ham.
P. H. 8.; P. A. E»)>ina, P. H. S.
Timers— R. H. Webster, P. H. S.; P. Mclntyre,
O. A. (". ; F. A. Gardener, P. 11. S.
starter— C. Westover, <). A. C
clerks of course— Henry F. Pernau, President i
Polytechnic Alumni; Charles Turner, P. H. S. j
Measurers— J, Dowling, P. 11. S. ; T. Magner,
p. i!. s.j J. o'Loghlen, P. li. s.
& orer— H. Hanser, P. H. 8.
Announcer— Chnrles H. Murphy, P. H. S.
Marshal— L. Op[ enhenner, P. H. S.
Bicyclists Injured
1 nree participants in a Dicycie race at Cen
tral Park yesterday afternoon ran foul 01 each
other and the result was a general mix-up.
They were led to the Receiving Hospital, where
it waa found that their injuries were slight.
J. w. Ansley, •";!<> <M>iden Gate avenue, had
■light wounds on his face ami bands and abm
ilona all over his body. Henry Z&chep, 325 Vfc
Guerrero street, had a wound on his cheek ano
abrasions on his body. W. 11. Smith had his
nose out and abrasions on his arms, face, legs
and head.
• — ♦ »
<Tot Unthinking Boyi,
Several days ago Mrs. Anna Pool, who lives
at r'airniount Park, entered a protest against
thi const r action of the sewer on Chenery
street and in her protest to the Board of Su
pervisors referred 10 the promoters of the work
us boys not capable of thinking for themselves.
Tiie improvement : club that has the matter in
hand object to b?iug characterized as unthink
ing boys. Nearly all of the members of this
ci 11b are between 25 and 75 years of age and
all lny claim to a fair education and the aver
acre amount of brains.
The English eat 95,000 tons of apples
each year.
NEW TO-PAY. - ._
GETTHIN!
No Other Obesity
Remedies
Admitted at
The World's Fair.
Dr. Edison's Fills, Salt and Bands Bet-
ter Than "Spring;" and "Summer"
Medicines— Off Fat and Cure
Heart, Liver, Kidney and Stomach
Troubles— Best Remedies and Regula-
tors for Women.
THE PORTRAIT ABOVE IS THAT OF MRS.
Leila swift H alderman, Bryant, avenue. tan
Francisco. She writes: --I have taken Dr. Edi-
son's Obetity Pin* and Sail one month, and the/
have red -pi me 28 pounds and cured me of weak-
ness that h id long made life a burden to me."
Mr*. i. in . Silliman Smyth, Venezuela avenue,
j San .Francisco, writes: -I have to report as to my
use of Dr. Edison s Pills and Salt during the past
six weeks that they have reduced me 39 pound*
and cured me of liver ;<nl stomach trouble and
cleared my complexion." .
Professor 3. Doremus Osrden, writing rrom the
Archeoloclsts' Club, San Francisco, says: "In
less than seven weeks Dr. Edison's Obesity Band
lias reduced my abdominal measurement six
Inches."
Dr. Edison's Obesity and Supporting;
Band.
NO "SARSAPARILtiAS," "NERVINES,"
"IONICS" OR OTHER SPRING OR BUMMER
MEDICINES NECESSARY WHEN THESE
REMEDIES ARE USED. They cure chronic
diseases of tne heart, liver, kidneys and stomach,
and TAKE THE P/..ACE OF ALL FEMALE
REMEDIES AND REGULATORS.
Dr. Edison's Pills. Salt and Bands. These
remedies take oil a pound a day. Only Obesity
Remedies admitted at the World's Fair. No
Rigid Dieting. No Pursing. :no Inconvenience.
No Dancer. No Loss of Time. Perfectly Harm-
less. Obesity Fruit Salt. $1 a"bottle: Obesity Pills,
SI 50 a bottle: Obesity Bands, %'i 50 and up.
Measure as indicated by figures on cut.
Send for '-How to Cure Obesity." Interesting
reading for fat folks. Sent free to any address.
Loriiu & Co.'s CHICAGO MEDICAL DEPAUT-
MKNT will advise you, without charge, about
your obesity or any other disease.
GENERAL AGENTS:
TZZS — —
OWL DRUG CO.,
San Francisco and Los Angeles,
Loring <fc Co., Proprietors, Dept. 39, No. 115 State
street, Chicago.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
Insurance Company (Limited)
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE SIST
day of December, A. D. 1896, and for the year
"inline on that day as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up In
cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company f 1,257,958 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds.stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash in banks 45,066 00
Premiums indue Bourse of collection 218,059 00
Bills receivable. nut matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 9,955 00
Stamps on hand 962 00
Total assets 1,540,000 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or in
suspense 128,700 00
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks: reiusur- 1
ance 100 cent ]■ 116,055 00
Gross premiums on marine time |
risks: reinsurance 50 per cent.. J
Due aDd accrued for salaries, rent,
etc., and sundry creditors 109,431 00
Amount carried to suspence account. 28,780 00
Total liabilities $332.»66 00
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for marine
premiums 430,335 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 35,390 00
Total income $465,725 00
'■---■ * '- •" "\ * •■'■." ' ■■' J '/. ' '
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses... 412,901 00
Dividends to stockholders 60,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 37,795 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 1,220 00
All other payments and expenditures 10,045 00
Total expenditures $511,961 00
Losses incurred during the year $394,976 00
RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
] MARINK BISKS. | PREMIUMS.
Net amount of risks I
written during the
year | $69,136,700 I $430,335 00
Net amount of risks I
expired during
the year j 67,079.885 391,830 00
Net amount in force i
December 31,
1895 I 7.490.450 116,055 00
JAS. G. NICHOLSON, President.
JOHN OICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day
of February, 1896.
W. J. SULIB,
Vice and Deputy Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECRELS & BROS. COMPANY,
GENERAL AGENTS.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS.
Office, 407-409 Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone Slain 5968.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo for ta*
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and •
treat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blaJ-
den A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Narvlna.
bells on its own Merits— no lonx-wlnded testi-
monials necessary. ■ . • .
NABjt.lt. AJLFS Jfc BUUNK, Agents,
3™' Market St.. S. y.-^sena for L'irculir.)BEGGED MONEY
FOR HIGH JINKS,
Why a Swiss Editor
Wrote to Tax Collec
tor Block.
COMPLAINS OF CLUBS.
Blcck Replies That His Men
Have Never Solicited Pic
nic Funds.
MANY MERCHANTS SUBSCRIBED
And Now It Seems That They Were
Takenln by a Trio of Bunko-
Steerers.
For the last three months business men
On Montgomery avenue and the neighbor
ing streets have been tormented by indi
viduals representing themselves as dele
gations of clerks from thd City Hall solic
iting subscriptions for picnics and high
jinks.
The men had a high-handed way of go
ing to work, which impressed people.
Four-bit subscriptions were scorned and
even a dollar was received condescend
ingly. The well-known druggist on Mont
gomery avenue gave $5, the owner of the
Oldest Italian paper on the coast gave $3,
and others contributed to the amusement
fund of the clerks ot' tbe City Hall in an
equally liberal manner.
Lately it has struck the Montgomery
avenue business men that the City em
ployes were becoming altogether too gay
and festive. First they wanted funds for
a ball, then a projected high jinks was
languishing for need of a little assistance;
after that the delegation said a number ot
clerks wanted to po to Sacramento
and funds were necessary to enable them
to have a good time, and a picnic is now
on the tapis.
George F. Cavalli, the editor and pro
prietor of the Swiss newspaper, was one
if those who looked askance at the sup
posed delegation from the City Hall.
It did not exactly strike him that the
men who composed it were impostors, be
cause he found the names of sj many in
fluential men on the subscription list, but
he did inform the delegates that the
clerks in tbe City Hall are the best-paid
clerks in this great and glorious country
and that he considered them capable of
payin.- for their own amusements. ''How
ever, I'll give you 50 cents," said the
editor.
This effer was received without any
gratitude; on the contrary, the delegation
looked upon it with such scorn that the
50 cents was not bestowed. Last Thurs
day, However, the solicitors of subscrip
tions appeared again at the urlice of
L'Klvezia, and the spokesman said airily:
'•'We are getting up a picnic this time; if
yonjike we will take the 50 cents."
What tne editor replied is not on record,
but the delegation went out of his office a
pood deal faster than it had come in.
Then George Cavalli wrote the following
for his pa|«er, L'Elvezia. H« also mailed
a duplicate copy to Tax Collector James
M. Block:
What business have your clerks, well paid as
They are. to become an imposition to the pub
lic by soliciting contributions for their picnics
find high jinks? Twice, a delegation of clerks
from your office called on me to obtain money
loi their entertainments, offering to pledge
their influence with the office-holders in be
half of my paper, for the next political cam
paign.
The editor further intimated that he
would expose the ways of the Tax Col
lector's clerks in l'£lvezia. Yesterday
James M. Block's answer was received.
He was evidently wrathy, for he said that
if the press of this City were half as well
conducted ad his office newspapers would
occupy an exalted pinnacle in public esti
mation. Speaking of tbe picnics, high
jinks, balis, etc., Mr. Block said:
"As to the fact of collections being taken
up by my clerKs, there is no truth in it. I
will give you $100 if you can prove that
any clerk of mine has made or attempted
to make any collection in behalf of this
office. There are impostors who make a
business of playing this game on the pub
lic The}' are simply criminals, and it
was your duty to hand them over to the
police."
"These men represented themselves as
clerks from the Tax Collector's office, rep
resenting all the clerks at the City Hall,"
said Mr. Canalli yesterday. "No doubt
they were imposters, but they have de
ceived a number of people and must have
collected considerable money. lam glad
to say tney got nothing from me."
G. S. Cuneo, editor of La Voce del Pop
olo, who cave the men $3, said yesterday
that he still believed the men were clerks
at tbe City Hall. "I pave them the money
to get rid of them, but it never struck me
that they were impostors, for I saw one of
them about a month ago working as a
clerK at the City Hall. I do not know
his name, but I recognized his face when
he came the other day soliciting."
The general opinion is, however, that
the men who until yesterday were work
ing the Italian quarter were impostors.
THE OREGON'S RECORD,
Her Corrected Speed for the Trial
Course Is 16.88
Knots.
Method by which the Blairmore Will
Be Lifted — Two Sister Ships
Will Help.
Under the hands of her builders, the
battle-ship Oregon is receiving the last
finishing touches before she takes her
place in the line alongside of such glorious
company as the Charleston, San Fran
cisco, Monterey and Olympia.
Unlike the first vessels turned out by
the Union Iron Works the Oregon will be
handed over to the Navy Department all
ready for sea. Then she will only require
ammunition for her battery and the crew
and the ship's stores. The officers and
men will be detailed for her aud the other
necessary articles may be loaded on board
in a few hours.
When the board of inspection make up
their report and the Navy Department
formally and officially accepts tbe grfat
ship, she will be cleaned and painted, the
>:uns polished and otherwise made to iook
her prettiest. The decks will be planed
and calked, the awnings of both the ves
sel and the boat fitted.
The official spped for the course was
given out as 16 78 knots, but this has been
corrected and the splendid craft has been
given a record of IG.BS knots.
The Mexican cruiser Zaragosa is on the
Union Iron Works' drydock preparing for
her trip to Japan and China, and will be
ready tor sea In a few days.
The w reckers will soon be ready to lift
the Blairmore out of the bay. "Captain
Whitelaw's divers have cleared out the
vessel's hull and completely stripped the
ship down to her three lower masts.
In a few days the hatches and all open
ing will be sealed air and water tight, but
before the hull is closed all of the muddy
deposit will be pumped out of her hold.
Big canvas pipes will be led down into the
vessel wherever possible and tbe great
steam pumps on the wrecking barge will
be set to work to clear out the hull.
Under the direction of Captain Burns a
huge platform is being constructed on the j
wreck of strong 10x10 inch timoers. Upon
this frame, which is high in the air, large
tanks will be built so that when they are
Tilled with water their weight will have a
tendency to whirl the hull over on an even
keel.
To further help in the work of ralsine
the vessel two big ships, the Kilisland and
Verejean, which are lying at anchor in
Mission Bay, will be moored over their
sunken sister ship. They will be secured
at dead-low water with taut cables to tne
Blairmore, and. being empty and very
buoyant, the tide will raise them and
their burden several feet. This will lift
the wreck from mud and make the labor
of righting her an easy one.
The hull will then be emptied of water
by means of the air forced down into it,
and after the wre.'k is well clear of the
bottom of the bay the whole procession
will take un its march for shallow water.
One tide leaving her deck clear will fin
ish the job, and only the riguers will be
needed to put the spars, yards and gear
back in tlieir places. The steel topmasts
having been shattered by dynamite, their
repair will hardly be "possible on this
coast, in which case masts of wood will
probably be substituted.
Captain Burns thinks that next week
will bring the Ulairmore in sight, and a
weeK longer will land her in the drydock.
Catholic Fraternity.
Rev. P. E. Mulligan will speak at Mission
Opera Hall next Tuesday evening under the
auspices of Borromcan Council No. 129,
Young Men's Institute, upon ■catholic Fra
ternity." This will be thelirstof a series of
Men and Women Who Will Be Prominent Among the Spiritualists at the Convention To-Day.
open meetings to be held by the council, and
in addition to Father Mulligan's a'!<lre«*
Frank McGlvnn, a prominent member of the
Y. M. 1., will speak. There will al.«o be an in
teresting musical Drosrramme. An invitation
is extended to the public 10 attend these meet
ings, and no admission fee is charged.
CAMP ON THE PRESIDIO,
Entire Division of the National
Guard to Be As
sembled.
The Encampment to Be Held Dur
ing the First Week in
October.
The encampment of National Guard
troops at the Presidio will not take place
until the first week in October. Last week
the announcement was made that General
Muller's brigade, composed of troops from
the Sacrametita and San Joaquin valleys,
would probably go into camp at the Presi
dio on July 1, and remain there six days.
This programme will probably be aban
doned in consequence of earnest protests
from cities and towns within the brigade
district against taking tbe companies'
arms from their respective local stations
on July 4. In many towns preparations
for celebrating Independence day had been
well advanced and the programme gener
ally contemplated a parade of the troops.
Last eveninc General Warfield, com
manding the Second Brigade, telegraphed
the facts to Adjutant-General Barrett at
Sacramento. Tne latter had left the Capi
tol for Los Angeles before the dispatch was
received, but the message whs repeated to
that city.
Should the t plans of the "Carnival of the
Golden Gate" be carried out, as some of
the promoters of the festival desire, the
military encampment at the Presidio in
October will embrace the entire division —
three brigades of the National Guard.
Several efforts to bring all the State
troops together on one held have failed on
account of the great expense of transport
ing the men from Southern California to
the place of the desired encampmeat.
At Camp Columbus, Santa Cruz, three
years ago, all th a troops of the State ex
cepting the Seventh and Ninth Infantry
regiments passed in review before Gov
ernor Markham and Maior-General I)i
--mond. Another effort will now be made
for a full division encampment, and since
assurances of a very low rate of fare for
this special purpose have been given the
scheme will probably be successful.
The National Guardsmen themselvesare
enthusiastic on the subject, and tlie people
of the various cities throughout the State
will support the enterprise, as the depart
ure cf the troops in October will not inter
fere with plans for local celebrations.
It is highly probable, therefore, that all j
the regiments will get the Benefit of a J
camp of instruction at the Presidio, and
that on the military day of the carnival
the entire division will parade on Market
street and be reviewed by the Governor on !
Van Ness avenue.
it has long been the desire of the ro^'i- !
ments located in the Sacramento and San I
Joaquin valleys and of the troops sta
tioned; In Los Angeles and San Diego to
give Ban Francisco an object lesson,
showing that military organizations of i
the highest grade eKi^t outside of the i
metropolis.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
SPIRITUALISTS
HIGHLY ELATED,
Arrival of President Bar
rett Awakens Keen
Interest.
THE FIRST CONVENTION
Strong Effort for the Organiza
tion of All Western
Believers.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE FAVORED.
Local Leaders Give a Reception to the
National President on the Eve
of Uniting.
The Spiritualists of San Francisco are
jubilant. There can be no doubt of that.
They show it in their speech, their bristling
about to get ready for their convention
which begins in Golden Gate Hall to-day,
and in the exnrberance of their spirits.
And the cause of its all has come about in
this wise:
From Washington, D. C, has arrived
Harrison D. Barret, the president of the
National Spiritualists' Association of the
United States, who is rsgarded as the
Spurgeon of the organization.
The president has a mission. It is to
cause the various scattered bands of be
lievers in the West to coalesce and enter
the organized fold. Until now, though
there are many who profess the belief of
the Spiritualists, there have been few who
belong to any society, but the arrival of
the Spiritualist leader is expected to
change all this.
"In unity lies strength" is Barrett's
motto, and he intends to put forth his
most earnest efforts to make a united
whole of all the believers iv this part of
the country.
From all over the State have come the
followers of Spiritualism, with hopes at
high tide and minds elated at the prospect
of what they think will be accomplished.
To-day, therefore, will witness the in
auguration ol the movement for unifica
tion of all believers.
Last night the president was given a re
ception at 110 Hayes street by Dr. Rin-es
and Dr. York. The hall had been prettily
decorated for the occasion with American
Hags, wreaths and festoons of flowers and
bunting.
Recitations by Mr. Rider, Mra. George I.
Drew and Miss Lottie Dryer were deliv
ered, various pieces of music were played
by Professor Richard Young's orchestra
and there were songs by local talent.
President Barret delivered a speech, in
which he outlined the policy he intended
to pursue in effecting an organization of
the scattered forces. He also gave a brief
outline of the body in the United States,
its present status, what it has accom
plished and what it expects to do in the
future.
"The object of the National Associa
tion," he said, "is to seenre the union of
all the spiritual societies In the United
States for the purpose of mutual aid in
literary, scientific, philosophical, educa
tional, musical and religious enter
prises germain to the phenomena, i
science, philosophy and religion of
Spiritualism. It aims to protect
genuine mediumship from unjust
persecution, and from being classed with i
the charlatans and frauds wiio attempt to
operate in the name of Spiritualism; to
build homes for aged and Indigent Spirit
ualistic mediums and speakers; to estab- {
lisa hospitals and sanitariums, that our '
invalids may be cared for by their own
people.
••It also aims at the erection and main- ■
tenance of schools of psychic science, to '
the end that we may have also a better i
'quipped platform service and a higher !
srder of membership along intellectual,
noriii and spiritual lines.
"It also intends to establish a national !
ibrary in which the best works of t. c '
iblest writers of all ages can be found, and !
(specially of books bearing opon the sub
ect of spiritualism in all its phases"
Speaking of the number of believers in"
he United States, he paid there were about i
•20 organizations in the country, about 200
>f which were represented in the National
lociety.
The various societies owned property to
he amount of about $1,100, 000. The num
>er of temples and church buildings was I
;iven at seventy-five.
"The number of the believers in this.!
lonntry," he continued, 'is hard to de
ermine, from the fact that our people are j
videly scattered, but from the most re
iable'information that I can obtain there
are about 1.fi00.000 bona fide spiritualists
in the United States alone.
"Bince I have been president of the
National Association there has been a per
ceptible erowth In numbers and in the
organization of societies. The increase
has been about 10 per cent each year, a
slow but st-ady growth.'
On the subicct of the \Yest, especially of
California, President Barrett is enthu
siastic. , m _,
"The people of the Pacific Coast are
more progressive and liberal in their
views on "religious questions," he em
phatically stated, "than any class I have
met thus far. Tlieir ideas on reform
movements are excellent. The whole
State is permeated with spiritualism, too;
and my welcome has been the most cor
dial, as I have spoken twenty-nine times
in this State in the last thirty days.
"Large audiences have greeted me every
where. Why, the social and political re
forms of the day are farther advanced here,
especially the cause of woman suffrage,
than in any other State. In fact Califor
nia is in The forefront of progress for the
benefits of humanity.
"And even among this liberal people
The Call eeems to be at the head. Its
stand on the woman question has the sup
port of all believers in the spiritualistic
creed."
MEMORIAL DAY.
George H. Thomas Post Will Observe
It With Peculiar Honor.
George H. Thomas Tost No. 2, Depart
ment of California and Nevada, G. A. X.,
will observe Memorial day this year in an
unusually interesting manner at the Na
tional cemetery in tha Presidio. Hon.
Irving M. Scott will deliver the address.
The procession will form on the parade
ground at the terminus of the Union-street
cable-cars. In addition to a large body of
regulars commanded by General Graham,
General Warfield has detailed the First
Regiment of Infantry, N. G. C, Colonel
Macdonald commanding, to parade on this
occasion.
The Naval Battalion, Sons of the Ameri
can Revolution, Valentine Holt Society,
Sons and Daughters of the American
Revolution ard several thousand public
school children will participate in the
parade and exercises.
One beautiful and appropriate feature of
the ceremonies at the cemetery will be the
strewing of flowers by the children over
the graves of those who sleep within.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR FEAST.
Reception to the Drill Corps of
Golden Gate Com
mandery.
The Occasion Was One of Presenta
tions, Bri liant Speeches snl
Good Cheer.
™une of the most delightful social events
among the fraternal organizations of late
was the banquet and reception given in
Golden Gate Hall last evening by Colonel
P. W. Butnner to the Golden Gate Com
mnndery Drill Corps, K. T. On April 25
this drill corps gave a public dtill and re
ception ia the Mechanics' Pavilion for
beneficiary purposes, and the commandant
of the corps thought it befitting to show
his appreciation of the efforts.
That the affair was a success goes with
out saying, for whatever this comniandery
or its members undertake never fails.
Last evening the officers and members
of the comniandery and corps enjoyed
themselves heartily until a late hour. The
time passed almost unnoticed at the ban
quet table, partly owing to the enjoyment
of addresses, music and recitations. The
tirst toast of the evening was "Golden
Gate Comniandery and the Health of Its
Commandant," to which Eminent Com
mander Charles A. Murphy responded.
"The First Commander of Goluen Gate
Comniandery, \V. O. Gould," was re
sponded to by the Sir Knight himself.
The commandant was himself grently
surprised l>y the drill corps presenting to
Colonel Sunnier ?. beautiful punchbowl.
This elezant present was exhibited at the
World's Fair and at the Midwinter Fair.
Another presentation was a set of" solid
gold Golden Gate Commandery jewelry to
Colonel William Edwards and Sir James
(i. Spatilding "From the drill corps of
Golden Gate Commandery for loyaf ser
vice."
One of the features of the evening was a
vocal treat by E. de Kay Townsend, who
xant; "Oh, Promise Me." W o great *vas
»he appreciation that lie was obliged to
repeat the selection. Other toasts, songs
and addresses followed. The hall was
beautifully decorated. Among those pres
ent were the following:
.1. R. Ailkcn, Robert McMillan, Frank D
Hurdle, L. E, Spear, John Edmonson. C Hell
wig, George (larK, Robert A«h, C. h. Patton
A. JI. Vail, Frank JMlton, George Booth M
Ryan, 0. L. Haskeil, L. Weimanti, W. H Smith
J. M. Deal. C. L. Darling. James Madison \\ '
ii (iiiuld, H. .1. Sadler, J. G. Bpaldlnir R B
Bale, C H. Mnri.hy, S. L. Lent. H. <J ' Arm
■ tiong, W. E. Lutz, Mark ParrUh, Frank J
I'ri'inh. Colonel W. Kdwnrds. W. B. Kingston'
John Gllson, A. McKay, K. Ji. Moore Thomas
Kirkpatrick, K. C. Vogel, J. M. pg,! Thomas
hue R wood, J. X tirth, b. Hardie, R. H Mow
bray, C. P. Overton, U. H. Koot, Dr. j U
Hatch.
NOE CLAIMANTS
STILL ACTIVE.
Another Summons Being
Served on Property-
Owners.
FOUR THOUSAND STRONG
The Mission Defense Association
Actively Fighting the
Claims.
BITTER DENUNCIATIONS MADE
Prcperty-Owners Urgently Requested
Not to Purchase Quitclaim
Derds.
At the opening of the meeting of the
Mission Defense Union and the Mission
Improvement Union last evening. Secre
tary Van Duzer called attention to the
fact that another summons and complaint
had been filed by the Noe heirs and that
property-owners in the Mission were being
served with conies.
Nearly 4000 defendants are named in
this last summons, all the property-own
ers of the San Miguel Rancho Tract being
included. The defendants are summoned
to appear before Department 7 of the
Superior Court within ten days after the
service of the summons and complaint,
which are dated May 18.
Secretary Van Duzer cautioned the
members of the union not to buy quit
claim deeds which are being offered to
property-owners by the representatives of
the Noe heirs for $o and $10 apiece.
The special committee appointed to take
measures in regard to these auits was called
upon.
Judge Van Reynegom said that when
the candidates for the Legislature should
be nominated they would be asked to sup
porta bill to prevent such suits.
President Urady declared that some
thing should be done immediately in re
uar 1 to the matter.
"The trouble," said Judge Thompson,
"is not with the Spaniards or whoever
they are who are bringing this suit, but
with the lawyers. Ttiere is a section in
the Penal Code, which makes it an indict
alilf offense for a lawyer to buy a money
Claim in order to prosecute it. Will not
this apply in this case? A lawyer who
practically buys a claim which he knows
or ought to know is fraudulent, as in the
present case, ought to be immediately in
dicted lor mis lenieanor."
President Grady, John Bolger and oth
ers urged that steps be taken toward this
end, and that the City Attorney be seen in
regard to tbe matter. The following reso
lution in regard to the matter was intro
iluced and unanimously adopted:
Whereas, Certain attorneys-at-law have en
gaged in a damnable conspiracy with the so
called Noe heirs to deiraud owners out
of their land and homes, which they
have held in peaceable possession for the
last torty years; and whereas, tney are
going arounii to lot-owners offering quitclaim
deeds for nothing, providing you will navo
them recorded; aud whereas, this is a piece of
deception and a trap by which they wish to
make it appear that there are some people buy
ing deeds when there are nor, therefore be it
Resolted, That we earnestly request all land
owners in '.lie Xoe claim, buy no quitclaims,
but join the club that is organized to light the
frauds.
All present were earnestly requested to
sign the following petition relative to the
proposed park for the Mission:
Pan Francisco. May 21, 1896.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of the
City and (.'muity »/ San Francirm: The uuder
sigued MsMenta, property-owners and tax
payers of the Eleventh Ward of San Francisco
respectfully petition your honorable Uoara to
make such appropriation of municipal
funds as may be uecessary to purchase
during the next fiscal year, for a public park,
the two blocks bounded by Eighteenth,
Twentieth, Dolores and church streets, and
represent that such a park at the Mission is an
argent necessity, ami unless secured at once
land for the »ame will not be available except
at greatly added expense.
Secretary Van Duzer suggested that the ;
club request Joseph Leggett to address
them upon the subject ot the single tax.
A motion was accordingly carried that
Mr. Lef gett be requested to speak before
the club on June b", when the next meet
ing will be held, there being no regular
meeting Saturday evening next on ac
t-ount of it being Decoration day. An ad
journment was accordingly taken until j
June 6.
NEW TO-DAY.
Restlessness.
Fever, Congestion, Inflammation,
Heit, Pain, are perfectly controlled
by Dr. Humphreys* Homeopathic
Specific No. 1.
Also Fevers of all kinds— lnflammatory,
Bilious, Rheumatic, and even Typhoid
Fevers; Inflammation of the Lungs or
Pneumonia; Inflammation of the Throat,
Head, Liver or Bowels; Pleurisy or Stitches
in the Side or Chest; Croup; Sore Throat;
Scarlet Fever; Measles; Fevers of Children
from Teething, Worms, or Cola ;
Erysipelas, Headache, with Heat or
Throbbing of the Head; Toothache;
Cough, with Pain in the Bide or Chest;
and all Diseases attended with Quick
Pulse, Heat, Restlessness and Tossing.
If Chilled or Cold, Lame or Sore, or at-
tacked by any sudden or acute disease
always take No. 1. It breaks the chill, re-
duces fever, dissipates congestion and so
cures disease. It is a great pain destroyer.
Manual of Diseases mailed free.
Small bottles or pleasant pellets— fit the vest
pocket; sold by druggists or sent prepaid upon
receipt of rrire, 'Ztt cento. Uumphreys' Medicine
Comity. 11l William street, New York.
Vacation
Visits
Via
Various excursion lines are in order
now. One of the things you should
remember to take Mon:; is a irood sup-
ply of STAND Outing Shirts.
•
" '/trade I*
N.B.
I MARK I
NEW TO-DAY.
No physician in the United States is so thoroughly equipped
and well prepared to treat the sick and afflicted as this world-
-1 renowned specialist, whose offices are permanently located at 737
Market street, San Francisco.
With a thorough literary and professional education and
with extensive experience in the practice of Nervous, Chronic
and Private Diseases of both sexes, he cures every 'curable case
in the catalogue of human ills, He addresses himself in par-
ticular to cases that have baffled the skill and science of other
doctors. His patients are among our most intelligent citizens of
every trade and profession, including merchants, manufacturers,
mechanics, miners, farmers, laborers, literary and professional
gentlemen, many of whom have exhausted the skill of their
family physicians without obtaining relief. His name is a
sufficient guarantee of a perfect cure of every case he undertakes.
He treats, free of charge, the poor who call in person at his office
on Friday afternoons. Consult him, either in person or by
letter, this day. A confidential chat may save you much mental
and physical suffering and add golden years to your life.
■
NERVOUS DEBILITY
Of every kind, name and nature treated far in advance of any institution in the country.
This distinguished doctor's success in cases of this character has been really phenomenal.
YOUNG MEN.
There are thousands of you troubled with night emissions, sleeplessness, pimples on
i face, bashf ulness, aversion to society, loss of energy, ambition and self-confidence, a tired,
! discontented, despondent and gloomy feeling, failing of memory, confusion of ideas and so
forth. If you are suffering from these or similar symptoms you know the reason. Whether
these exhausting drains and terrible troubles come from former folly or from other causes
they continually rob both your body and brain and absolutely unfit you for study,
business or the proper enjoyment of either married or single life. Do not neglect yourself
or allow false pride and sham modesty to deter you in seeking relief. Many a bright and
naturally gifted young man, magnificently endowed with genius, has permitted his ailment
to run on and on until finally, with body wrecked and intellect gone, death claimed its
victim. Before it is everlastingly too late consult DOCTOR BWEANY, who thoroughly un-
derstands your trouble, and will treat it with unfailing success. Get cured and be a man
among men, and among women as well.
MIDDLE=AGED AND OLD MEN.
Many of yon are afflicted with weak, aching backs and kidneys, frequent, painful urination
and sediment in urine, impotence or weakness of sexual organs and other unmistakable signs
|of nervous debility and premature decay. Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of tho
cause, which is the second stage of seminal weakness. justice to DOCTOR SWEANY it
can be truthfully said that in all such cases of middle-aged men, as well as of young men, his
success has been almost invariable. The most obstinate cases solicited, treated and cured.
PRIVATE
Diseases are more prevalent than generally supposed, and among them all Jnone Is more
horrible than Syphilis. Indeed, if not checked in time, it becomes almost as terrible in
secondary and tertiary stages as leprosy itself. Many doctors suppress this terrible
disease by filling their patients' systems with mercurial poison, with that damnable curse
from which your children as well as yourself will suffer, but DOCTOR SUF.ANY warrants
a positive and permanent cure of Syphilis without injurious drugs, He also effects a speedy
cure in all cases of Gleet, Gonorrhoea, inflammations, pains, itching*, swellings and dis-
charges of every kind. Stricture, irritability of the bladder and kindred troubles, many of
which are the result of improper treatment of former diseases by other physicians.
BLOOD AND SKIN DISEASES
Of every description, embracing cancers, tumors, scrofula, syphilitic taints, humors and
all other impurities of the blood, causing eruptions and blemishes on the face and body, thor-
oughly eradicated, leaving the system in a pure, strong and healthful state.
r,tlt:tPTxt:r,:ej.
This most distressing and dangerom ailment, common to both sexes, is cured by DOCTOR
SWEANY; without trusses or salves in from two to eight weeks. He has a new, safe, successful
and painless treatment, which is known to no other physician in the West, and which causes
the rupture to heal as a broken bone unites; also Piles, Fistula, Varicocele, Hydrocele and
similar troubles promptly cured without pain or detention from business.
STOMACH,
Liver, Lunar, Chest, Throat, Bladder, Heart and Kidney Diseases, Indigestion, Dyspepsia,
Asthma, Catarrh and all other diseases of the respiratory organs cured in the shortest pos-
sible time; also consumption when the destruction of the tissue is not too great, by com-
bining his own with the latest approved antiseptic methods.
/
LADIES,
If yon are suffering from any of the distressing ailments peculiar to your sex, such as
persistent headaches, painful menstruation, leucorrhcea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
placement of the womb, etc., you should not give up in despair because you have met with
repeated disappointments in seeking relief. DOCTOR SWKANY has "cured hundreds of
cases after other eminent physicians have pronounced them hopeless. If such diseases
were indeed incurable life would not be worth its possession to a large number of American
women.
HOME TREATMENT.
Write your troubles if living away from the city and unable to call. Thousands cured at
home and in all parts of the country by correspondence and by medicines sent secure from
observation. Book entitled '-GUIDE TO HEALTH" sent free to those describing their trou bleß
ADDRESS:
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street San Francisco, Cal.
OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE. A
910
I , I 75,000 VISITORS SATURDAY. t
I ' I S^W FRANCISCO, (May 24, 1896. | 1 1 n JQ Ue
IS^Qf BUSINESS BEGINS TO-MORROW Features for
I I In the Em P° rium » the store of all stores—the most magnificent mercantile palace in the world Two stupendous I
$ 9 events within a week, each the grandest of its kind that the civilized world has ever known— the crowning of the Czar 8 \f%ur
I y? v U\! (vMvwl^^ 111 I of all the Russias ' Evolving an expenditure of. 17 million rubles (nearly seven millions of dollars), and the opening of this I ■ %JUi
I W \<A^ ii^lllj |1 wonderful store, upon which, including the vast stocks, more than five millions of dollars have been invested. San • X
i fe^ vi§l&&sscJ^ '£§ 1 Francisco capital only, more than a million of which was spent in San Francisco for labor and materials during the time of | Comfort #Hlff
n Uot^^^^^ § the greatest financial depression this State has ever known. The store has already been an aid and support to the 2 VVIIIIVI L Uliu
(B A /ffll(S)i)l)) Will I working people for two years, but to-day is the beginning of its real era of usefulness to all classes of people by bringing I
% y/l\7®^ J^MJj I them the commodities of life at the minimum cost. " . ° | COflVGflf6nC6
II // tASst^^MG)W {£ Preliminary s uch 5 gathering of Separate Not a garment this j Wash A concentration of Wash j Colored A beautiful stock pur- ! The Crockery Our Crockery §
I I K^SW&JI I Di layoi^«^S Skirts. SSSKJ I S- d te w t3| Fabrics. l^t^l^tS Dress »£*,»«: i department? MS&f I "
(5 Y\ r-V>^7 81 Millinery.. of J Pans, v London value— only mid-season, but owing an assortment Fabrics. vorable circumstances, ■ the West— we take at random three H
fl I \V^v nVjV^ri I! and New York has to the magnitude of our stocK, selling +^-*x- ==: ~fT~J\ never before and at regular prices articles for illustration— i I A' 9 n.«l A< .o
V 1 \SS^ -A ff^^S* 3/ /^2T\ never before been of which should have begun ten \ 1\ l\^,/ brought together i would have precluded all competition. " M LdClieS PaflOrS eMU
VI \ WP d^y] Gl foTV. shown in this weeks earlier, we almost give them /\\ l < K Jj)"\ in any one store, j The lateness of the season compels ra^*<^ 5 U/ r ,;t: on D^«rt,c
* \ V^. CT Wf W^nTX city-Great losses away— A skirt that is not properly — YiK-Ti J A little late to |us to assume great losses, and the _SrC^ i »' ril| ny |\OOIT1b«
W \\ \§v^ 8 V 4i to us of course in made and that will not hang as it A ' -* 1 / start selling, but ! prices will be a revelation to the most J^&, \ I
S| \\ \^v £» v« *Lv tni ? department should has not been accepted from /k 1 the prices marked experienced shoppers. wmtttmm^ ift W "
m \\ v\ m »~'S'Jvs^ s \ owing to the late- our workrooms— these are the proper v Tn"^\\-=* won't keep them V ■# / J W
IS \\ ' W 3* iP^yr.sM^^i ness of the sea " kinds— extra wide cut— rustling lin- /' V==f on the shelves. -s^s Vi^^j/ If This genuine M
VI \\ VOs. « * : #r'"»»i*»cLlJ'^ son— Our milli- ings— velveteen bound, made of the — sB< Y 1 T=^? Fancy Striped f^ s v . / Ci —^S WRra« f M . . '§ M x rL*U-««
I V \\ V\ «f fS,. -X° nery marked so fabrics that are approved of in the fT V Q Linen Batiste.the r;"r , I^T^i *<sL^^J> # tli and 9^nd I NurSerY TOr Children.
(8 A \\ X^Sv I /* her?/ low that any wo- fashion centers of the world— *£i*jl f newest craze, all ,_ «>Tl.' ~J I'C^v&ilT \ 7M -L Ske the (i
fl \\ VS. N^w S| 1 V/ man can econom- items to give you an idea of the many M \T widths, 28c, 33c — yi [SM ■ ""TV >W\ / V / <«/ nirhire costs 13
S Vi \V >$ || t^-^f ically become the bargains at your command. / and 35c per yard. J>*?^^^^^^ \V?\fc ZlZ^&l *l 7/ 8
|9 V VV i' • :r Csi^'-s-^ possessor of an- At $3.2s— Fancy Figured Mohair Cost more to manufacture. -^C-?-q^=^> \NX ' v^^^S^V <fl^
I» Vv Vs. « *% //A other new hat Skirt— yards wide— be 55 at The same in lace and striped ef- — — *L-*--/ '^X /^SS^^ Y. A r v •* I
* >\ XNv 8f ;.* ■' . and a French one the least. fects, 10c to 25c per yard ; with col- -^t^Jssv4£) &s£^ -// pSic^^^i^ U All LnierQenCV H0SP!l8l
§ \ N^ >^ « at that— Models At «io— Brocaded Satin Skirts, | ored silk polka dot, 50c per yard; / X / 4^ 1} .
a \V IB from these Paris and London milliners — extra wide, exclusive patterns, should should be at least ooc per yard. """/ I \ % :^ \V-\^>>— "*- li v*.sth Trainori \lnrCA in
I V. € Mons. Virot-mons. Julia-Hoys Soeurs be 515. Plain Linen Batiste at all prices, £(■ VvJ \V\ '^^" § I rdllieU HUrs>tJ 111
K« Vv Iff 1 —Felix— Mme. Louise— CamtlU Rogers from 25c up. H //At \A— \/^s — . *v-*^ss%i^- riff »u An J.
r« V\ » —stayer— Etc. Finest qualities choice designs in ll\ —/J\\-^ "^>-:^=J US attendance.
£ Vv §| Opening Days all the -seek. genuine Scotch Imported Dimities, *"^\ "■ ip\ S?&?&?Sf*'/ W
V VV I? Fr ' da J'' May 29, Children' sTDay omen ' s Nearly 1000 Women's 22c per yard. *=^r^ '^7- ■ fa& ==z ~T~ J===:^ :> /C*^* B '<«k J
I Vv • S Saturday, May so, Mourning Goods. .' 3 Jackets, made by some An entirely new Gauffre Suiting, / V *f \_ — XT $ *1* %
« Vs. M Jackets, of the best women's tail- Ottoman ground, with choice Persian / / "~^ =i ~J _ r» \ <Qj£'~'3j¥ n
% '.: \\ A ors in America, jackets that are worth Printing, in printed warp effects, / I « 1 1 lj»e . Dec a ted //V;^^^^ B? ManAifirant A^^l« A
1 VV I n,« M «.^r Inchareeofa from $10 to 530 go on sale this morn- goes at 10c a yard; should bring 15c; \| I Jardiniere . andfC^s^^J) 1 MagnitlCent Orchestra
a Vv • £ Dressmaking 'urressful an d ing at about one-half their real value, looks like silk 1^ \\l \ gtand 2 .V hesS fei^?rrv/ M , t A  __.
I NS, I Department. lM!o^ d .o. — \ \\ \ ] f^ =?¥?» 1 under leadership of Mr.
1 \X I Grand opening modiste. day *£-£~yr\ Golf Something very new- I « \\l J^o is marked \ t fa'<M Ijohtt Marquardt. Con-
SI \K IP Grand opening displays every day &^&s Golf Something very new— A \ \\ ]i j,6. 50 . &£ J «^ S I John MaraUdrdt. LOn-
Ylj N^s. this week of models by Felix— Dou- C&Vvf^Q <Jn«t;o^ not shown elsewhere. \\ \V \\"^ '<%^**-JBk /$* $
? X^v W"t — Sara Meyer — Fischer— Pingat— T'^7 OUlungS. Exquisite designs and V; Vv \\ £&jTW* M * rorfc Ttiocrlavc ThlirC.
(£ ' \SL \ Paequin—Randnitf— Worth. U / colors— made to retail at 25c— our l_\ X^^. \*^- li)^"* W' f '"WL. $S I UC3Uay3j l IIUI 9
W N. k\i Children's Dresses, Friday, (May 29. i<A opening price 1 2}^c — just half. \ vv N. \ 7%C "V* "^/^ M « j o i :• j •
fl |P {Mourning Dresses, Saturday, May \ >! C^v <Df " : * an^ Ti 1 Suitings— The only \ \v Jk^>^^ >:> V '-■^.r^ 1] (JayS Q(\U batUruaVS*
$ «£ io. /'^^ > '^\ S \ stock of exclusive novelties. \ x ' " %
I I o^r\ \ Ame'Hf'"^"^ FinCSt -i>^^ The Hard-metal Nickeled Chafing f -
I . I Silk Sale Lro^fnthe fl W fA A "^Crepon Suisse. I
I lof the Year. frfr c- <y| |^^ SSSSSSVISt in - SS^«^2S"SJS£ .^^i^W^^i Men's Smoking Parlors
» « counters and shelving given over to i JfL 7 fabric for outing costumes.- <^A^ ti #• ~-^/T S
a a Silk selling— First counter to the 1^ ' ' /)V\ At 4 80 44-inch French IP^===|!==§^> %
S 1 left by the main entrance, Market- Ih. U\\ The Art Don't leave the store Swivel Serge-made from the best S2E~£3fP I
c» street side— The most fascinating col- ra A ? without a visit to the Art worsted yarn— Mohair finish and W^-TrCT W ■
» I lection of seasonable Silk San Fran- '". bOOdS. Gallery on second floor, dust proof. JSSgTTA I A mn j n | r~*t~
I 1 ciscans have ever seen— The pick of Market- street ■ At 2 9° yard— 3B-inch Bannock - V^^^f % A ITIOCiei Cafe.
fi ©a fresh, clean, up-to-date stock is At $s— Tan Covert Cloth Jackets, rax (&. front A beauti- ' Tweeds, pure wool— splendid cloth /> *** Iff
M 9 yours— The cream has not been box fronts, large pearl buttons, should Jlu--\\n ful collection of | for street or traveling wear. !L
'h J skimmed— This stock is the culmina- be double this price. P^^xCc modern Oil Paint- At 44c yard— 44-inch Navy Clay Dish, two pints, with hot- water pan it>
I? « tion of months of Silk-gathering At $6.2s— Fine Tan Kersey Jack- M&f #7] ings by renowned ! Worsted comment is useless $2.60. ' (f
ft -<0 IT from America, Europe and the ets, box fronts, in the newest shape, /£-v '/D artists on free ex- —this serge must be seen to be appre- R. . £ *• D
«8 Y&i I Orient . «, r, • , „ 8 fancy buttons. P ' //^^ hibition. Con- dated - : - ; I Information DlireaU.
C Cv&^T !§ High-class Warp Printed Taffeta /( ; noisseurs who At 75c yard— so-inch London ii;...^i T , . . I
I /V^\ I and Gros-Grains in all the latest de- /A\ W 7 . have al-eadv vis° Checks-all pure wool-neat and Jewelry, The elegance of |
5 L^^m\ I signs and colorings at (\\ )O^ "fed the Art De- very- stylish. Silverware Hl^f 11116 "}' 1
I A* H&'^j,f I 75c, 95c, Si.io, $1.25, $1.35. . partment declare The above are merely a few items nI- Ir ' j the high grade i
8 & ,krfbtf*!l>' I J a cquard Warp Printed SHk-lat- The Corset The ladies live " X it to be by far to g« ve an idea of our " general offer- Optical Goods, of he goods |
1 G&EEmFj 1 CstFren^ S ? c , Headauarters in , t t eni I." not C lar * est and mos t^ompfie in th ; ings-the department is replete with §L thepriSi^om t Telephone and Tele-
J^^J*./ « 6qc, 75c, Si. 25, $1.35. nedaquaners. the headquart- city latest novelties— the same ratio of _^ me prices as com- I
; -"^^-c^/ Jp Persian and Dresden Antique ers-but the corsets-They should be Sketching outfits, artists' supplies values rule throughout. JS^tfeV Sf orher VrS 1 Qraoh Station
9 I Sfncr?" 1^ Effects ~ ver y cholce as " ear 'y Perfect as it is possible to jof all kinls, water colors, etchings' MStiSfe firsfdSs stores ff grdpil SWIMMI.
% 1 shad.ngs- make a woman's garment. We have ; carbon photographs and reproduc- Vffi^^ I 1 all in ftvor of the I
ffi I 98c ' " c - beer, exceedingly careful in selecting tions. Frames to order 5 c to $5 per buvine oublfc A I
!^ J A complete line of Satin Duchesse, the lines that we shall carry, careful foot. Prices far below the ones T . M tJ wonderful disnlav II
I I Gros de Londres Satin and Gros- you're used to. The « you ride - of of Ontica Gooh/ I
6 % Grain Brocades— Moire Velours— in ■, «« p;l:«« '♦ course you must N ' 1 s cif'hf,^!' 1 . Ftr Ftr Ftr
1 I white and all the latest shades for /^f^ Biking have the proper § rS™siS erware ! 1 LIC « LlC> LIC »
I I evening wear— JJOJ, r^. A Question, bicycle suits and fl fRiT wIiH ■
I i to $3.25. j# , A ll^kj) Cafe On tt^mam floor, VUeSIMMI. t^gtmeuU. U Sample vi'lues.^ I
I! I ) S "feS Department, dom?, perhapfthe ft five stylwof p?op- 1 At $3 50-Fine f
m % / fs* \ most beautiful feature of the Great -W>v er bicycle suits for § ni?ri a , aSS 'i: £
S J I- t /F*X Store— There you will always find /LT A A men. If that Pf n a , r ' and g |!t f
Si 3 RlATk^llk^ / X>^/^-»^ /c T y> f Exquisite Pastries— Choicest Viands /]f UV > amount be not At *, „ «; nIiH T m ?""?„,,,„ „,. Ik
JB 1 OL/%i,l\ OILI\O.. / ilffifffW^. ? \ -Daintiest Service-It will be one of / JVi Of/ enough to meet WeddinVwneJ a l£riSl P with 8 °' d 1 "\IK
,f I L-^-ri J^yUW\Wsh \ the chief delights of shopping here to JJi U Q^ 7 your wants, un- thS ii S?*s *rint? k iUS ' f Ju&>
IC . 4. - I Black Brocaded Taffeta and Gros- -^&< *WsflM\ \ lunch at the Cafe. equaled facilities whUefftoS 8 I J^
fl OIXtV-One I Gralns-allnew designs-at- :;;. )| tpf ) \ _ AIA o'v^our orde? TAtSi°° an ounce-Solid Silver 1 /My
" 7 I 48c, 75c, 85c, ooc, $1, $1.15, $1.45. k.-/i.. / M ! Mil / J /AX I"S 1 t0 A y t °V r B e Li, Teaspoons, Tablespoons and Forks, 1 it {%*?.' \ M ,
* I BroCadC - VeryCholCC %J ttlm/ "Sweets The man not prepared j <WW su^^ %£?£%? ' L I Aftt^^
I Separate and i B,a Ck : 75c, $1, $1.25, $1.35. ''. :' / rli 1«A forthe to buy must turn to the U(^ W and tweeds— per- ■ft .-> - » (OtJ*rZJ$SrT
% SPOatfltP and 8 Black Satin Brocade-^ inches ' ' fWo^\ for tne right when he eets to !\Jj A H fectly tailored,
§ <JbpUl Ult UIIU » magnificent designs— we call / z*"^ \\ Sweet." the rotunda with his > . military cut or rol- .. H ""^ =^^
(» & special attention to the unusual width • best girl. If he goes to | ling collars, braid trimmed or plain. Men S The season two months W
I W of this silk— it is made for skirts and the left the irresistible Candy Depart- At 95c, extra pants in same goods. Hat« old " Prices in this very m- (*
ft l^« *• A h can be found in no other store in San to 2 et a variety of styles and the ment will confront him. nai». portant department accord- W
SB lll^fin^T V Francisco. perfection of fit and comfort in every j At 34c pound— Extra Fine Choco- _____ ingly. 1A
» ■^■^t*lilV»t» & instance. These are some of the late Creams and Bonbons— the 50c /-^ A Hats, »1
f m popular makes: R. & G., P. D., kind. / \ such as %
ft; % Black The colossal stock in this 1. C, W. 8., Thompson's Glove- At 25c pound— Best Caramels. _ .  There will be no h — ■ *^A the ex- X
ft w\ * * * M nrocc department embraces all of fitting, Ferris Waists, etc. At 25c pound— Best Buttercups. Emporium competition in /t=W I I elusive « \
H llPHrirtlTlPnt^ rlt 8 ure!>s » the correct weaves for At 48c— the Emporium Special— r»- r vrlA« our selling of the (SlL_^---^i=—^> hatters M \\
I l/epdrtmeilLS 31 I Stuffs, mourning and dress cos- Good Satine, well boned, long waist BlCydeS. "Emporium" Bi- ask one- # \\
S f•♦ tumes. AYe append a few black or drab. cycles at 555, because the "Empori- (%' % vCv< quarter } \\
I A items to illustrate values- At 48C-A well-made ventilating Fur Storage As In all urns" are the only high-grade wheels Wf '" to one- g \\
I V 9 At 44cyard- 3 7-inch Figured Mo- summer Corset. And R^mndllSnn mode m ; sold at anything near the price in the JU> *J half more 1 \\
g YOlir & hairßeiber . . un . ... -^ At 75C-A perfect-fitting, well- And Kemodelmg. stores, a de- ! West or elsewhere. Wheels for men £&>., *' for. None J \\
V ■ VFUI « At 44c yard -50-inch Clay Worsted made R. &G. Corset. /n partment f0 r and women, usually sold as a great \T I but the % \\
I ft Serge-it possesses appearance, com- . Atsi. 4 5-One of the popular P. D. AiV. storing fur gar- i bargain at $75, made especially for V^_^i yer V (ft VS.
9 SS bined with intrinsic worth. Corsets which we guarantee to give /' ments in the us, we have marked them $55 as a jß*"""^ A latest § VV :
II c* • V At 48c-Crepon Raye-38 inches eminent satisfaction. £»£>,. 1 summer sea- leader. Xl\ /V styles, I \\
9 SPPVirP «£ wide-looks like the regular $1 ere- >^«V son - Expert At foo the CZAR, regular price \t^K-<7 r^ forthisls g VV
0 v-^^^i T IV»X>« W pons. "C^V^l' work folks are $100. Six styles for men and women. \J-L^V \ a brand- « Vv
* » d*»*i«*v*v«« enc n , f , norm iff m *- <^''* / ' !<*• >*- - < mand to re- , . . ' j&p store, *Ji ■ \\
.Bti' I « edr 2° m P P buTone;fth°e Book Good news for the lover of Ps77fc. (K\ model your you 9. V\
I) I fie f F " rnrture thousands of desirable NeWS n°° kS ' The , best b °° k ''VZ^N U /! L n - t . h e Here for Two months late in At 8 5 c-Men' voiith,' «nl°7' • I \\
i • IBargain1 Bargain - articles to be found in WCWS. ne ws evtr given m %s£)%& p ™™ KeS ojenlng-agaln to your riwiiSS? I • \
I JP space devoted the four acres of floor P^) ca • sweeping /» -^^ sc yies. carpet!*, booked our orders shaDes the kind* that ™ B ? Ve 9 \\
I Luxuries and I space devoted to Furniture-A fortu- ffe sweeping A 'V^ booked our orders been in "Sl'habi -if • h VC 0 x \\
1 I, 4 . • i f nate purchase gave us 100 hardwood 1 ± -^--^ P"ce reduction. months ago; we At f2 co-Thi"FmS g * 'A° ? r * 5 U
§ LUXUrieS and I *^« ™«>™ ffSj fver^he^n 5 jQ BVfSTS m^ 2 « n^'^ock^a I V \
I ft e^^-^ n UUfifii the Last have I Stationery Mere mention just Vy " rffe kn^ l Wa^ 8 V VV
I I '^^f^^ 5^ an interest in j SZl7Jm2l# to show y ou at V* iSsE^S Since then there J 0 c 7 or nutna -^.50 .s the regular | U
I K\ •-• f %> i .♦ a the selling we department. we are justified in V yl4 1 " 1 -<-- 1 ■ -has been a sharp P \ I >vX \\
I Necessities of f ■- ■ lasf^* to " day Look at these ssair a liberal *- of your \IISsll?l ~- i " X \
H I ' . *' c -'' Bonnleßri f r 8 " 8111 "! by ,At 75C box-Whiting's English TJOiwe shall quote DrUG Ladles sometimes have con 1 \\ V
I I L^.vrv^.^.^4 /ISLJ&JSm; PtC '" dOth ' Vellum . assorted tints, 120 sheets the lowest figures !{™?* fidential matte? fupon Twh?ch S Vv *
I Mankind ; f^W^>^l^7 /au y. o ««d edition. 1 paper, 125 envelopes to match-real you will see this "ep t they would Hke to I \ '
I Mankind r i ? .? 'I rr bythebKt Va l ue $I2 5- V^r. Every maker of merit is r'wi te dm I \V
S •▼■"■■■^■■■U © h-^-Tr-^^L standard authors, cloth At 19c pound-Emporium Royal represented in our great collection. /^ clerk -a lad? S VV
II \ H' " ; '^~^ rf^ t ||^n Th t esI ~« d |f l0 K n °fp n : Velvet and Royal Satin Papers, oc-, Styles shown here that cannot be _-----y^Z graduate in ohap I VV
I A —Tivf H ar JnVn a y c publ ' shed by Rlchard Ja v o s.ze-never before less than 25c seen elsewhere. Carpet Department >d macv who under- I V^
£ p a ft,___J 1 = lyi Hardmg Dav,s. 1 pound . .. ! second floor, Jessie-street sile. V==^ S medicines 1 A
W UatnerCQ # I/,v , : ==Z=ZZ^==l=^ \ W/ atyourservkem B Vi
S I J rt^^^^n V__L/ ?> model Dru? S \v
Rl ■__ \3 r^= =3 kl -,_ (D^ » .^^^ • 7^ "\ vate rooms for Mf \\
I Together 1 !FO A TWENTIETH- *fltf /i\ -Von^E 1
» i I^. S. " -'-^— - #^F\lTf fRY SlaWr^ e^ *4^_lL3 The " 1 ' 3 "" 8 ' |J /^^^^ ==== =^r ::: \W
N _ . 7 X f\ ir-rx/« r^-i-^5»-a. it- ' A # fiMml \ "~^ -' ■— "" scription depart- (2 (%5y d) XMl^v
finder | "p^^: 1 UEPARTMENT jm- m fgtif%<ML I J4^> ]kT
I Roof iSSHsSSa fS^'^&i^^UllßET STREET M pSSir;l i
* Pinaud's Eau de Quinine 35c. »
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 24, 1896.CHAMPION WELLS
TWICE DEFEATED.
The Bay City Flier Meets
His Match at Central
Park.
M'CREA A SPEEDY "PRO."
The Terrill Brothers Rode in
Winning Style Aiternoon
aDd Evening.
A BAD FALL IN THE NOVICE.
Elford, Wing, McCrea, Parker and
Downing the Winners of the
Various Events.
Those who attended the National Circuit j
bicycle races at Central I'a.-k yesterday
afternoon and evening witnessed some ex
citing sport. A bad spill in the mile novice ;
and the defeat of Champion Wells in both '
the preliminary and semi-final heats of the i
two-thirds miie scratch, professional, were :
sensational enouph to suit the most exact- 1
ing.
The races were better attended yester- j
day than the week previous and consider
able more enthusiasm was evident. The |
fact that several more crack professionals j
were entered accounted in a measure for '
this. It is a noticeable fact that every!
professional who enters rides fnr all there
is in him. The fact of the prizes in this j
class being cash seems to induce the men
ftp greater efforts than when they raced \
for diamonds or jewelry. The prizes in
this class are ?100. $50 and ?20, for first,
second and third places respectively, and
the men ride as never before to win a
place.
In the first heat of the novice run in the
afternoon H. Zachs of the California Club ,
and J. YV. Ansley of the San Francisco
Road Club collided on the south bank of I
the track and W. H. Smith, Imperial, ran !
headlong into them. Ansley and Smith ;
were considerably bruised and were taken !
to the Receiving Hospital for treatment.
Both came back to the grounds later on ,
all bandaged up. but they had no further
Use for the track that day.
Admirers of Charley Wells' riding, and
they are legion, were" somewhat disap
pointed in the showing he made in the
afternoon. He was beaten fairly in his
beat of the two-thirds mile scratch, pro- i
fessional, in as pretty a finish as has ever
been seen on a California track. Wells
had the pole on the last lap and John E. Ivl
wards, tbe speedy Olympian, fought it out i
with him all the way, winning by a few ]
inches.
Weils got into the semi-final, having j
ridden second in the fastest heat, and was i
again beaten by W. A. Terrill and H. E. !
McCrea.
McCrea made a fine showing in this race i
and in the final heat won out from the I
Terrill brothers and J. M. Campbell in a i
finish so c'o^e that it took the judges some
time to decic" the places. McCrea, who is j
a Los Angeles r uer, was last on the bacK |
stretch, but he saw a chance to get through
on the inside and took it.
Harry Terrill and \V. A. Terrill rode in
a manner to surprise the most ardent
friend*. The latter is going East this !
week to ride on the circuit there and will
in his present condition give a good ac- ]
count of himself. Harry Terrill beat Fos- !
ter, the Olympic crack, in his heat of the
two-thirds. Foster is improving, but is
not quite up to his old-time form.
Novice racing should be excluded from j
cycle race meets, particularly on small ;
tracks. The novices can have plenty of '
opportunities to win glory in amateur han- !
dicap events without arranging a special |
race for them. The novice i 3 seldom fast j
or interesting at best, and the audiences i
al a-ays get impatient until the race is over. !
There will be no more novice events on i
the Central Park track. The mix-up in
which three men were hurt yesterday was j
caused by the inexperience of the men i
bolely, and they rode exactly as they were
Btyled — like "novices."
The evening races were devoid of acci
dent and were very interesting. The
heats of the amateur half-mile scratch
■were well contested. The mile handicap, \
professional, was run in four speedy heats
and a final. Wells redeemed his poor
showing of the afternoon by riding his
heat from scratch in 1:06 4.5, remarkably
fast time for a six-lap track. He secured
second place and beat J. E. Edwards, who
had a handicap of forty yards over him,
by about ten yards.
The final of this race was ridden by the
Terrill brothers, Osen. Byrne and Parker.
The Terrills made a brotherly race of it,
Betting most of the pace. Parker, with
ninety yards handicap, won out by a clever i
sprint at tbe right time, Harry Terrill sec- i
ond, "Bob" Terrill third.
The following is the summary :
AFTERNOON.
One mile novice, first heat— R. Alexander,
unattached, first; L. Sittenheim, S. F. R. C,
second. Time, 2:30 2-5.
Beeond heat— C. Goodwin. S. F. R. C, first;
A. H. Agnew, Acme, second. Time, 2 :47 4-5.
Third heat— B. H. Elford, Reliance, first; L. E. '
Pellsl, S. F. R. C, second. Tlme,-2:37 1-5.
Final heat— B. H. Elford, firi«t; C. Good
win, BF.E. C, second. Time, 2 :41 4-5.
One mile handicap, amateur, first heat— P. j
R. Mott, Reliance, first, 20 jrarosj J. R. Kenna, |
second, 40 yards. Time. 2 :15 4-5.
Second heat— J. E. Wing, ban Jose, first, 35 ;
yards; F. L. Day, Bay City, second, 55 yards. !
Time, 2:20 4-5. j
Third heat— P. M. Lefevre, Acme, first, 50 :
yards; T. A. CrirnthK, Bay City, second, 25 |
yards, lime, 2:17 3-5.
Fourth bent — i. A. Deacon, Reliance, first,
80 yards; J. H. Otey, Acme, second, 90 yards.
Time, 2:17 3-5.
Fifth heat— G. H. Crafts, Acme, first, 20 i
vnrds; C. Birdsull, C. C C, second, 90 yards.
Time, 2:33 3-5.
Final heat— J. E. Wing, San Jose, first, 35
yards; P. R. Mott, Reliance, second, 20 yards. ;
Time, 2:27 2-5.
Two-thirds mile, profeshional, scratch, first i
heat— W. A. Terrill, Bay City, first; C. R. Coul- I
ter, Olympic, second. Time, 1:41 o-.">.
Becond heat— H. E. McCrea, Bay City, first;
B. G. Parker, Michigan, second. Time, 1 :47 4-5.
Third heat— H. F. Terrill, Bay City, first; \V.
F. Foster, Olympic, second. Time, 1:39 4-5.
Fourth heat— J. ML Campbell, Spokane, lirst;
B. L. Long, Bay Citi, second. Time, 1:40.
Fitth heat— J. E. Edwards, Olympic, first; C.
S. Wells. Bay City, second. Time, 1 :85 2-5.
First semVfinnl— W. A. Terrill, Bay City,
first; 11. E. McCrea, Bay City, second. Time,
1 :43 2-5.
Second semi-final— ll. F. Terrill, Bay City,
first; J. M. Campbell, Spokane, second. Time,
1 :45 2 5.
Final heat— H. E. McCrea, Bay City, first; W.
A. Terrill, Bay City, second; J. M. Cainpoell,
Spokane, third. Time, 1 :52.
EVENING.
Half-mile scratch, amateur, first heat— T. A.
Griffiths, Bay City, first; J. E. Wing, San Jose,
second. Time, 1:12. "jj^M
Second heat— J. J. Borree, Imperial, first; B.
J. Kaynaud, Bay City, second. Time, 1 :16.
Third heat— J. R. Kenua, Acme, first; P. M.
Lefevre, Acme, second. Time, 1:09.
Fourth heat— H. Downing, Garden City, first;
P. A. Deacon, Reliance, second. Time, 1 :09 4-5.
Fifth heat— X. Robinson. S. F.R. C, lirst;
A. H. Agnew, Acme, second. Time, 1:11. •
Sixth heat— C. Birdsall, California, first;
G. 11. Crafts, Acme, second. Time, 1:14.
First semi-final— J. R. McKenna, Acme, first;
T. A. Griffiths, Bay City, second.: Time, 1:15.
Second semi-final— H. Downing, Garden City,
first; R. Robibon, S. W. R. C, second. Time,
1:18 2-5.
Final beat— H. Downing, Garden City, first;
T. A. Griffiths, Bay. City, second. Time, 1:15.
One mile handicap, professional: First
neat— W. A. Terrill, Bay City, first, 05 yards;
C. 1.. Davis, Olympic, second, 75 yards. Time,
12:2."> l-.">.
Second beat— P. M. Byrne. Imperial, first. 100
yards; C. S. Wells, Bay City, second, scratch,
lime, 2:18 3 5.
Third heut— ll. F. Terrill, Bay City, first, 90
jrards; K. L. Long, Bsy City, second, i>o yurds.
lime. 2:20 35.
Fourth beat— B. G. Parker, Bay City, first, 00
ynnis: Oscat Oseu, Olympic, second, 50 yards.
Final heat— B. G. Parker, Michigan, first, 90
yards; H. F. Terrill, Bay City, second, 9o yards;
\V. A. Ternll, Bay City," third, 65 yards. 'Time,
JINKS IN BOHEMIA.
The Grouping of the Gloomy Brother
hood Last Night in Their Owl-
Haunt. il Castlt*.
It was a true night in Bohemia last
evening at the sacred Bohemian Castle,
corner of Post street and Grant avenue.
At tne call of Dr. Julius Rosenstirn, Sire
of the High Jinks, the warriors, priests
and kings of the unconventional brother
hood strolled in by ones, and twos, and
other numbers until all the light (hearted)
of the world was gathered within tnose
walls.
The object of this grouping of these rest
less beings of Bohemia was a profound
consideration of "Problems" in life — still
life.
Samuel ML Shortridge, George T. Brom
ley, General W. H. L. Barnes and Wil
liam Sproul, orators all, fluently shed ad
ditional darkness upon the subject under
discussion until the ebon gloom over-
Mowed the apartment and flitted like black
wreaths out through the windows to
mingle with kindred night, go opaque
were the arguments and interpretations
that the wooden owl from his perch amid
the shadows hooted in shrill amaze.
After the distant cathedral clork had
told the nightly meridian Hugo Toland,
sire of the Low Jinks, called Mephisto
from his nether realms to pass before the
XXX-Kay for a scientific pose of the
•'altogether."
When the first gleam cf dawn stole over
the eastern hill Bohemia was a banquet
hall deserted and the owl was bootless and
dead in his tower.
JACK HAMMOND'S BOOKS
James F. Wardner Says They
Are Reason for the Ex
pert's Release.
The Volumes Which Are Unfinished
Contain Valuable Data— Laws
That Are Oppressive.
j James F. Wardner, the widely known
' mining man, who was one of the discov
■ erers of the Bunker Hill and Sullivan and
■ other mines on this coast and who some
time since returned from a visit to South
Africa, says that John Hays Hammond is
i the author of some half-completed books
that are great interest to the world.
These, Mr. Wardner says, Mr. Ham
mond would have published ere this were
it not for his arrest ar.d imprisonment.
He says every effort should be made for
Hammond's release. He considered the
; imprisonment very unjust.
"He has a work on Matabeleland," said
Mr. Wardner, "that not only sets forth the
| mineral wealth of that country, but goes
' into everything that could be of interest
I to the man seeking information about it.
j The book has topographical and other j
i maps, charts and illustrations. It is a very \
| valuable work.
"Mr. Hammond explored Matabeleland
by traveling through it witti an armed
! caravan for a distance of 1000 miles. He
i tben turned and made nis way back by a
totally different route, making the dis
tance explored more than 3000 miles. I
j remember that he said in one of his pre
liminary reports that he had walKed upon
j 1000 miles of solid quartz.
"The trip was made for the Chartered
Company. This book and others, which
Mr. Hammond has half finished, when
they are completed will be of signal im
portance. Mr. Hammona ought to be out
of prison.
"Many persons who are not posted on
! the men and manners of the Transvaal
j country are liable to get the wrong idea of
■ the situation. The fact of the matter is
• that the South African Republic is only a
i republic in name, its laws are extremely
1 | oppressive, its tariffs prohibitory as against
! its sister, the Orange Free State, and the
■ colonies, and its duties and taxes on every
thing used in operating the minos exces
-1 ] sive in the extreme. Tremendous taxation
! and no representation for the Uitlander
1 was the initial cause for the founding of
the reform committee. An American,
John Hays Hammond, was at this time
the consulting engineer and manager of
! mining properties with a market value of
, i $1,000,000,000.
j "His duty to hi 9 employers and their
interests forced him to the front rank of
\ j reformers, for the heavy duties on powder,
I lumber, iron, steel and all mining com
modities, coupled with the huge Govern
ment and municipal taxes, well-nigh
i crowded out some of the enterprises whose
welfare was intrusted to him. But the
1 elements that make the Chartered Com
pany were differently inspired, and en
i tanglements were made most unfortunate
; ; for Mr. Hammond and most cruel and un
! just. A loyal American, a great lover of
I his country and its institutions, an honor
able and consistent man is Jack Ham
mond. We who know him so well know i
i that it is not possible that he should con
nive at the downfall of the fcouih African
ReDublic, and he did not, for testimony
shows that he was not disloyal to the flag
of the Transvaal.
"As the matter now stands a brilliant
man is lying in a cell wuose greatest error
has been unswerving loyalty to the inter
ests of his employers. No one thinks that
the full sentence of fifteen years will be
I carried out. But lifteen week's is too Jong.
i Slight of frame his arduous duties have
j worn upon him and we are told that he is
; a very sick man. We are told that there
! is too much fuBS being made over Ham
i mond. This is not ao. I notice that when
a great politician or a great uishop gets
into trouble, linancial or otherwise, his
friends come to his rescue. Jack Ham
! momi's life is worth dozens of ordinary
Americans. Ho is in the prime of life
and the youth of researcn. His extraordi
'■ nary and exhaustive work on the treat
; ment of auriferous sulphide ores won for
j him a world's reputation and added mil
' lions in gold to the world's coffers.
"He has unfinished and unpublished
works on Matabeleland anxiously looked
for by the mining world. He is a genius
, and must not die. 'While the generous
: hesitate the poor starve.' Ooni Paul
Krugeris generous but slow and incon
sistent. He bewails the death of poor
Grey, but slowly and sureiy murders
Hammond. He must be made to know
the value of his prisoner to this United
States, and quickly, too.
"The Governor of each State in this
Union tnat produces a ton of lead or
mints an ounce of gold or silver should
personally take upon himself the duty to
beseech Kruger to take coin instead of
biood.
"Those old miners, Senator Carter of
Montana, Senator Wilson of Washington,
Senator Dubois of Idaho, Senator Mitchell
of UreKon, who ail know Hammond inti
mately, should do their duty to their
friend and go at once to the President, and
have him send immediately a commission
of five representative Americans to Pre
toria in beh all of John Hays Hammond."
A well-known and eccentric Maine phy
sician, who is seriously ill, has left direc
tions that he be buried on tne hillsfde near
a railroad track. "When people go by in
the train," says he, "I want them to point
to my gravestone and say, 'There lies that
blanked old rooster who used to get up
and crow so early in the morning.' "
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY *J4, 1896.
FREE SILVER MEN
GET IN MOTION,
A State Call for National
Convention Delegates
Issued.
A STATE MACHINE, TOO.
The Work Is to Be Done by Sen
atorial District Mass-
Meetings.
BY THE 81-METALLIC LEAGUE.
Chairman Baker Pushes Here the Un
certain Independent Silver
Movement.
California will hear more about the free
silver men within its borders from now on.
A call was issued yesterday by George
W. Baker, chairman of the executive com
mittee of the Bimetallic League of Cali
fornia, which will result in the selection of
delegates to the National Silver Conven
tion to be held in St. Louis on July 22, the
same date as the Populist Convention, and
also in a State machine for the silver
party.
There is to be no State convention. The
call provides for the holding of a mass
meeting in each Senatorial district of the
State, at which one delegate to the Na
tional Convention and one alternate shall
be elected. Five delegates at large are to
be named by the executive committee.
The delegates so elected are to constitute
a State Central Committee which will con
duct the affairs of the silver party in this
State, if such a party shall result from the
National Convention and in accordance
with the policy that may prevail at that
gatherinc
The silver party is not strong in this
State as yet— that Is, as a party. It is but
a possibility and all is uncertainty with it.
All is uncertainty because all depends
on the doings of the various National con
ventions, the situation as it will develop
in the future and the decisions of the Na
tional Convention based on the situation
as it appears July 22. The chief thing of
practical interest at this moment in con
nection with the independent silver move
ment is the nursling idea thMt the Pop
ulists and extreme silver men may effect
a combination of some sort at St. Louis,
and that must remain speculative for some
weeks.
However, California will be represented
in the said National Silver Convention,
and there wili be a State machine ready to
take up and operate any political plans
that may be formulated at St. Louis two
months hence. The call issued yesterday
is as follows:
To all MmctallisU of the Stale of California: A
National convention of bimetailists id called to
meet in St. Louis, Mo., on the the 22d of July
next, lit 12 M., to nominate a candidate for
President and Vice- President of the United
Slates California is entitled to forty-live dele
gates in this convention, in accordance with!
the call of the National Committee. This nuin
bet will be one delegate for each Senatorial
district in the State and live at large.
As we are without party organization, we,
the executive committee of the Bimetallic
League of the State of California ana also j
members of the National Committee, do hereby
call upon the bimetailists throughout the State
to meet in mass convention in each Senatorial
district on Monday, the 15th day of June, for
the purpose of nominating one delegate and
one alternate delegate for such Senatorial dis
trict to attend Bald National Convention.
Such mass-meetings should be organized by
the election of a chairman and secretary, and
after the election of the delegate and alternate
the chairman and secretary of the meeting
shall make out a certificate showing that the
meeting was held and that the persons named
in the certificate were duly elected a delegate
and alternate to attend said bimetallic con
vention. Care should betaken in all cases to
elect only such persons as will promise to at
tend the convention, as It is desirable to have
a full delegation from the State.
No person shall be eligible to be a delegate
to the National Convention of bimeiallists who
will not declare himself to be unalterably op
posed to the single gold standard, and demand
the immediate return to the constitutional
standard of gold and silver by the restoration
by this Government, independently of any for
eign power, of the unrestricted coinage of both
gold and silver into standard money, at the
ratio of sixteen to one, and upon terms of ex
act equality, as they existed prior to 1873, the
silver coin tojbe full legal tender equally with
gold for all debts and dues, public and private,
and that he will support the nominees of the
bimetallic convention without reference to
past party affiliations.
The delegate thus elected shall also, by vir
tue of such election, become a member of the
State Central Committee of the bimetallic party
in his county during the campaign. This plan
has been adopted as the most feasible to secure
a thorough representation throughout the
State, and the five delegate«-at-large will be
appointed by this executive committee. When
the credentials are made out they shall be de
livered to the delegates and alternates, and
copies of the same should be at ones returned
to this office so that we may have due notice or
those composing the delegation for arranging
transportation facilities and other important
preliminaries.
incases where a Senatorial district comprises
more than one county the place of holding
such convention should be a town or city
which will furnish the easiest means of access
from all parts of the district. Ail newspapers
In the State friendly to the cause of bimetal
lism are respectfully solicited to publish this
call in order to give it general circulation, and
each bimetallist is requested to join in the
work of arranging a place of meeting and other
preliminaries, and to see to it that the conven
tion in his district is held and the delegates
elected. G. W. Baker,
Chairman Executive Committee for Cali
fornia.
Cjiaisi.es N. Harris, Secretary.
The "organization" of the inchoate in
dependent free-silver party in this State
consists of Chairman George V*'. Baker
and Secretary Charles N. Harris. Mr.
Baker is the California representative on
the National Committee of the Bimetallic
League. As such he is "chairman" for
California, but there is no further organi
zation yet. In an autocratic way, he"acts
for and in accordance with the National
Committee.
Open headquarters are. however, main
tained in the Al ills building, in charge of
ex-Judge Harris, who has just taken the
place of G. P. Keeney, who went East
some time ago and became one of the sec
retaries of the National Committee. The
Free-silver party is thus here a skeleton
one. It is a sort of receptacle which is be
ing made ready to receive free-silverites if
such show a disposition in the future to
bolt one or both of the old parties. The
"strength" of the party in this State, what
ever that may be, is in the Democratic and
Republican parties and, of course, it may
stay there.
'•We constitute a nucleus yet without
developed strength," explained Secretary
Harris yesterday. "The independent silver
movement has not yet taken on the char
acter of a party. The organization that
exists is to help along the cause and be
ready for an independent movement if one
is called for. We will be inchoate until
the convention meets, and what it will do
must remain a matter of conjecture until
after the conventions of the old parties;
then we will adjust ourselves to the condi
tions as they exist. There may rjossibly
be a combination with the Populists, but
it would be an alliance and not a fusion,
which is a blending into one of things
before separate." '
Starr King Fraternity.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 23.— The annual
meeting and election of officers of tbe
Start King Fraternity occurred last even
ing. There are abo'it J<»o ; ambers at .
present, and the income lias been about j
1700 for the year, which met all expenses
and nearly "wiped out its indebtedness.
The officers elected were: President B. C. I
Cuvellier; tirst vice-president, F. A. !
Fietcher; second vice-president, Miss !
Cynthia P. Leet; treasurer, Mrs. E. A. j
Kluepel; dirre tors— Mrs. K. P. Gleuson, j
Mrs. L. B. Gr:tlin, I. H. Clark and G. H. j
Armes.
ZION CHURCH IS SAVED.
It Will Rear Neither Padlock nor Har-
bor the Presence of the
Sheriff.
Neither padlock nor Sheriff is to be al
lowed to desecrate the First African Meth
odist Episcopal Zion Churcn, for the Rev.
George C. Jackson, who refused to longer
"snatch brands from the burning" without
compensation, is to be paid his claim on
Tuesday next.
The prompt and drastic action of J. J.
Raver. the assignee of the claim of the
colored preacher, struck consternation into
the souls of the trustees of the unfortu
nate church and they invaded the office of
Kauer nearly all niorninjr, and as the re
sult of their consultation with their obdu
rate creditor, they agreed to arrange for
a loan with the "Hibernia Bank and to
settle the $223 claim of their ex-Dastor in
full on Tuesday next.
Meanwhiie the work of salvation among
the local colored brethren will be uninter
rupted so far as the Zion Church is con
cerned, as Preacher Jackson's place has
been tilled.
ANOTHER BIG DROP.
Leila A. lair Will O« Ip in a Balloon
and Tumble To-l>ajr.
The Chutes will be open from 10 o'clock
in the morning to-day until 11 at night. The
Haight-street grounds are only open on
Saturdays and Sundays and advantage is
taken of the open speil to enjoy the many
attractions offered at this outdoor place
of amusement.
Leila Adair, the woman who does not
seem to know what fear is, will make a
balloon ascension and parachute drop
during the afternoon. Her aerial trip two
weeks ago was only marred by the failure
of her "cutaway" knife to operate. She
had to come down with the" parachute,
balloon and all, and as she is renowned
for long parachute leaps she was disap
pointed. Unusual preparations have been
made for a successful inflation of the bal
loon, and unless the wind is very high the
airship will have a good start off the
ground.
NEW TO-DAY.
THEOWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS.
TL.p O\*/l L) ft >" and night we soil Drues
1 sIC V/Wland Medicines at lower prices
nr .f r , than Mny establishment on the
nOOtS pacific Coast.
For All.
e(\ pr In our Prescription Depart-
O\J ■ Cl ment above last year is a
Cant record we all are proud of,
>c "* p more so for the reason that
Inrt*A*icr» tlie Percentage doctors still
IIICICU9C keep pounding away at us.
Tho more they talk against us
the larger our prescription
business . grows. "We divy
with the public"; other drug-
gists divide with the percent-
age physician.
R'iL'<ii"'c Cures all Blood and
DdKCI » skin eases. 75c a
Honduras bottle; 3 b0 » 1e9 .*--
Sarsaparilla
Rnl^pr'c Including Atomizer and a
U«IVCI 3 month's treatment. Price, $1 50.
Catarrh
Cure
1120 3VCAX-ls.ot St.,
SAN FItAXCIS( O.
Tontli cfc Broad-way,
OAKLAND.
WEAK MEN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood ehonld Bend at
jfign* once for a book
\£g& that explnins how
y^\rt\ full manly vigor
I Jt\~~7if^ 8 easily, quickly
V- 7r^*«3V an^ permanently
_j**?Ck 1 rcstore'.l. No man
//^'(jV— Tt*&V&£ful suffering from
I J nV/iy / iryni weakness can af-
I y~^~Xjgy / li^kJSr ford to ignore this
1/ x?~\\ Tt/'jn timely advice.
/jy^y UL^aJy&iL>B ook tells how
t>**~* — v a*^^"^*C)full fitrength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proof d (scaled) free to any man on application.
ERIE MEDICAL GO- BUFFALO.N.Y.
INVERNESS.
TXVEKNESS, MA KIN COUNTY-CAMPING
i- privilege* to rent, and lots for sale; situate 1
on an Inland bay; »rood beach: nalt-wuti r batnlng;
water two degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives; shooting and rlsh-
iriß: within two hours of Kan Kranclsco on the
North Pacific Coast Kallrood. Apply 11 to 2 dally,
331 Montgomery street, room 61.
IAUKKI, DELL li.'TH.. ON I,AUItEL, DELL
J Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— Tbls pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many Improved faculties for entertaining
pleasure-seekers: boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
«8 to la per week; route S. P. and N. P. Railway;
through fare S5: round trip $9 50. Address H.
W AMBOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County , Cat
HOTEL DEL MAR-ON TIIE SEASHORE; 20
£L minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; tabla unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
Ing, fishing; buse^ meet all trains; children, $2
to $6 per week: ndults. »9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTKIi DXL MA It, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, B. F.
OTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive sufi-.mer resorts none offers more
?enulne pleasure than La Honda, 17 miles from
tedwcod City, remarkable for climate, fishing and
hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
fo.- the round trip via S. V. K. H. and Knight's
stage line, $4. MRS. I. J. SKAKW, La Honda, Cal.
REVBRBIDK KANCH-ON THE BANKS OP
I V K«?l Itlver. 0 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: round trip, $9 76 from San Fran-
cisco; fUhlnr, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, f 7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CAUL MEYER, Borthu
P. (>., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
AT BELMONT. SAN MATEO COUNTY,,
board for summer months: privato family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes -from
station; 1 hour fm City. MRS. il ANSEN.Baimont
OARD ON A RANCH 2000 FEET KLKVA-
tIon; good room * and tirst-class board; terms
56 per week. Address Redwood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County. '"-■"•
Lc >-,'• . Wot IDS, IDEAL BUMMER RESORT;
send for Illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoocls, Napa. Cal.
TTrooksTde^fruit FARM; fink SHADE:
l> plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde. Napa.
ftYPRKSS LAWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
V bi«U liome comfort*. T. U. J£PL£Y, N»pa, Cal. ,
TiTAiLFH HIGHLAND SPRINGS, gilroy hot springs
1 1.1 U U llll I U JJ II on the Border of clear Lal£e A riare Whrro tin- Invalid fan Surely
on tne Border of Clear Lake. Regain iitviith- Where the Tonrlat
CppiNjrjC Xj.A.££E; COUNTY, CAIj. May Kegale Himself Upon
° rKinUO -no YOU ENJOY —superb climvtf Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery.
JJAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF D Wclng. l.wn°wnnk c^u^bluS^ & Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
•*-*- being one of the wonders of the 'world, and you like fine bathing:, boating, hunting and fishing? «e»t, i«eirc»jimeiit and Relaxation.
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as -Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over I ]Hnp/><] fn» fl,n fnniinl V'nnl-i.. (ff,>».
well as those in search, of health will be well ll »irty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage 4 ' l liltvl-U 11U IHC .lilll'.lill OlCktl Alltl
paid by visiting them. ■ mSrTcan be had at Highland RepOSOanil ReCDperation.
i The Finest Summer Cllm.te in Call- rln^ dining-room north of 6»a A E^L^ e r &B^ ZZU&S?™*
fornia. From San Francisco It costs only $8 for the £^T of Matchless Glory,
round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to $2 50 Where the Ojrre Malaria Never Lifts His
i n./,- am ™,™'™« _.__ ] per day or flO to $18 per week. Take the S. F. Ghastly Head and where the Waters
LARGE fIEW SWIMMING TANK. and N. P. Railway via Pleta, thence by a short da- of Healing I'onr Frcoly From
lightful stajje ride. .1. A Hi, Manager. Nature's Own Fountain.
«•*.., „ Han Francisco ofllce. 31 Montgomery at,
i A Positive Cure for RhwiniatUm, I.lver, ■ — fTIAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
Kidney and Stomach Troubles. if a iim ■■««»_■«■■.•»■■ . »Hi*? and Townsend streets, 3% hours from
___ _ If II DI II lIHfiH 111 ll 5 ta!l Francisco, Ken-, $7 15 for round trip.
— -jsL-™™. YOUR VACATION! T^:^::™r
'"T^r^pT;,^.*"" Where StalMToa Spend I.? ROOP & SON, Pn,p,.,.ors.
Address ail correspondence to bartlktt Go where monotony is Impossible, taSV tO Sret tO,
springs company, '22 Fourth street, s. P., or where you may mingle with the light- ° '
Bartiett Springs, Lake County, Cal. hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
„ . „,__. " shine by the surging sea, or stroll under Pn cv fn mmcx fenm
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS. the shade of the maiestic redwoods! tasy tO COtTie 11*0111
1 iivll Iv tl/JllliL^o m ui.UO. |
THE I.KADING SUMMER and WINTER * "" ""A DLALiI HUIEL, yDTIVjA QDDIIMnQ
KKSOUT IN CALIFORNIA. OAMTA TPII7 r,i jTUi 1 IX /\ CrKInUO^
T OCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA O/\l\ IJ\ bnU^, L,al.,
J-J Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid Vow nndpr Ihn nrnnriofnrsViirk nt \fT?
most enchantinx scenery, about 1000 feet above 1 uiiutr nio prupricLOrsiiip OI MK * ah • .v .
1 sea level. No foe. no mosquitoes- allsunnv rooms JOHN it. CHACE, offers all these oppor- , A change In the stage arrnnjement makes It
j with a fromase of 450 teetlsouth. \ tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas- sm^'rfmriraves"'' 1^
Large Double Booms, With rrivat© i " re resort, nestling in a very bower of cept Sunday, stopping at AncwbM fortune" "o'niyl
Hathvooin*. | loveliness. • lor further information ad- Returning, stage leaves iEtna a-. 10 A. m., stopping
PURR SPRINO or the celebrated CONGRESS dress J. R. CHACE, again at Angw>ns for lunch. No more long waits:
SPRING MINERAL WATEK of the alkochaly- Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel no more early rising. Further particulars at 318
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia, • i-ropnetor aea Ceacn Hotel. Battery St.. City, or of W. i.. MITCHiiLI, LideU
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin "Absolutely the finest fishing in the West."— L_l ' >apa County ' California. .
ami nervous affwtions. Indorsed and recom- Forest and Stream EmJHHrt^fLY.tin.l a'.T.fcZ-xmiiaAaLilM M timil
, mended by all leading physicians. _ . _ _. __1 __, . _ _ _ ~~ —
HOTKL. COTTAGES. NEW NAT ATORIUM. f A I/D TP A %- 1 O «■vm ■ «, mi ,, ri ,„, ,_.
p^^sys^^sawsr" 181 - 11 *^' \ LAKfc lAnUb. SA3VTA GITILLU ISLAND.
t££lS?£2££% i £f. *&&"£ TALLAC HOUSE Aa gme ntcd Attractions for Season 1896.
particulars. J. F. KFKTCH, Saratoga Cal . « nu,i,nv lIV/VJ^U.. tic7-X7*-*>~73~>z>~^ 1
— — — THE SUMMER RESORT OF CALIFORNIA. «*^#"-'^^^^^PShßr->a!-v
>* — _, _. The entirely new hotel open this season. Hotel '•^"jL^ •<*'■' '^^■^•'''^sßttSk^ ■ —
(d ' ~\ TllA RiOlWifiil ami grounds lighted by electric lmhts. All modern i *£*\ r •»Vf'in»
y• - I a -?, Hit Dill 11 1 It 111 Improvements. Rates sls to $21 per week. t--*eft.* ■^v^*a^-*^gMraflg<»-^
r*rV T JI&<& HOTFI | Taho3 Inn, Tahoe City. l^^^^^%r^A^^^
Q^'-TWr^^'ni-lP^ nUlfcL OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1. •• ■ ~ K .^BBfewßii^^KTO^Wi " "
JB&&^}p**'K-j& L * RATES $10 TO $14 PER WEEK. I— — S2H^3£S2^2z2l£____j£_
JSI%JZ£?I^H~ '■ S, Is* I*PITI\ Allll Both houses open for the season May 15. Great I T -r vkvcft Trn VT^rrTx-n t^pi tPI , T[ .m
'i^^'^SSsS^ ill |\!Slb|9& reduction in fare to Tallac House Uls season. TJ «„ TexcuS^n J tlm-ho'.tn^J "wl?J ™£
)m\U\jMLi «ve B ts to Tallac House carried to and from hotel h untl2? tath?iS' Ratine y noraebafk g ridTn<r dan-
)r ,n h ;« km? rouad-tnp fare from San | civ . pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA. ".U. h^.™ un«.erth. ».na »ent of SBSSfiKtgUSsif%& In X M H ° tel
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting For route and further information inquire of! \nnii\TTriVTßW<ipnvTjTin\Tn
than now. Newly painted Inside and out. In the Southern Pacific Company's ticket office. ■ 222 SouVspri^ fu, Los A^gelei CaL
center of Its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its " — ' •
unexcelled table, service and general appoint- C A JVT M PHPIIM HFIfIHT^ W^VU A*.T *. T r/^ r\ r^r»/-»
ments. it is enjoying deserved patronage Tand 1 -' rtl " lC 'UKll>l ntlUrlli>. Jf\ |-| A IVT M|C O C \)f\
prosperity. L. B. Frasler, Manager. %3\J B. M.r*%.L i^K I*JUL*IVVJ
f.pn D CVPI I i>* ~~ Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na- In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
vii^vy. f. OHCLL, /Vianager. lure's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, purest GREAT WING CANYON.
■ — — _ air, co'.aest water, good shooting: fine trout fish- Iron Springs, Lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
PS* _ — ~ _ _ -». —^ TrrV T, CTJ¥ , T -v.-,,, ing near by: regular mall; table supplied with the place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
ffm L\ W^ la I fr^ F% fj ' hix.s, ( H ., t in the market: vegetables from our own gar- Elevation nearly 1200 feet. Best
U fll U £3 I V I I • MontPri ,'y conn- den; good home cooking and home comforts: ac- I Climate for Asthma.
PflK II I \SH , tv iii T|l< * i-ommodatlonfroni 20 to 30; season opens June 1. ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. Convey-
H &m I IPSKB 1 I I i an. Mb ad of; Distance and fares— Buy round- trip ticket, $12 ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Nap'n,
■ I Bill IB \0 %Sf America — For (unlimited), at otllce of S. F. »nd S. P. ltaiiroau. after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
..._ r ii m ,i. .™ mmA j ,i nealth,rest,p!eas- Rail to Uklah, thence by Berryhills popular stage i REASONABLE. Make your encasements before-
i ijrr. ?wn i.'«. i m mO , .' lon 5' . sc^ nery .' V ower i line via Potter Valley to Sanhedrln. Room and ; ''and. For particulars adatess WALTER METZ,
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge board $1 per day. Oulde (when wanted) $2 per Napa City. Cal.
baths, hot sulphur tub and BWlmmlnsr tanks, mas- ; j a v Saddle horse (when wanted) SI per day. No i
saee treatment, hunting and fishing, children's otlfer charees F^r f^urther DArticnHrn Ldiiw T
playground, croquet and dance hall for families! B Skr Lh?dri or ffi GUK- fl IT lllfl (1 J lOl SPRINGS. Sonoma
Pnralso stands unsurpassed in the state. Plenty ' STORE 9 Tnlm st -an Francesco V ¥ A I'l ' V c » u^r> only 4i 3 hours from
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third aIUKI: -' v lnlrq at " ■an Francisco. < % X II | T | V San Francisco; but 9 miles
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a.m. ' . 11 l\ 11 1 1 II II staging: new road through
daily, for Noledad; Return-trip ticket, KB. Seven ; TIVP TIVfAP • lIATFI II I VI **** Vi VI i^ canyon; new stages; sanitary
miles by stage. Telephone and Postotllce. For v .11111 l.lll.Vii, nulLli :\L 11,1.1, plumblnsr; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for I Tn «i«m. R»,»r«r.,t- C h,,«..i m—i.. /-„ ct iof wonderful curative properties; no logs or disa-
-1880. address R. ROBERTSON, Manager. Tocaloma, Bertrand 5 Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal. pr.eai.le winds: mosquhos and other annoying
FIRST-CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE- insect* unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
lightful climate for camping: dancing pavilion, % ,*• ? r S:B ° *■ M ; Kound-trip ticket only $6.60.
Yin I C 1 Al\ I fmim-.id i croquet and lawn tennis: tine trout fishing, bath- '"♦'Phone and telegraph, dally mall and express.
\W\ SO lI A SPR I \ lw\ I ln « » nd swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val- Rates * 12 a week; baths f ree.
ill .1 WVI/.i >M ULlv!t\ , ley; postofflce, express, telegraph and livery at J. F. M ULG RE W, Proprietor.
7 both hotels: terms $8 and $12 per week.
California's Famous Mountain Spa! VICTOK W. KKAUSS, Manager. cnriA RAY HflTPl
JOS. F BEItTRVXD Froprietor s\jut\ t>J\i iiuir.L.
Have You Bkbn- Theb» Latbly? City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays', 2to4p. m. QJODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
lOOOfppf «hnw sunn Vbllbtt f!!m«i» nmu- ~~ — — — is most Dicturesque. Soda Spring Is famous for
pals",! Vio«^macn"ncont Tabie Jn^ni%dVm^* Fl'llll I'TUtIPC Ifll STITI? /inunivr I the vast volume of delicious soda water which
on-hard and Scla n n! R n-eld : and farm? Hot and cohl CKIAH STABLES ASD STAGE GOMPAHI ,i ■■ it throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and PosiofHce. W "• MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TURN- S^ 10 "* B ' "^Sf'J*" l^ « h»^ mM i ! n ?
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet. " • outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing & a u^g^ h ?\ l >Z??r-* u £%& v %?*2"
■wings and hammocks. New Improvements every parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace £;« " t o[ '„;,..; 1% , 11% ?? B lmirt ifrt^JT
! yean Gas and running water in every room. It' Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage mcc ■ all ; Jf" ' h f e T c k u c * a ° c t s el ? f, 'ITS ° d vt
i lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM- trains. Dally stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell, ! 't™ °' a " g vu ' f,! s c i f' '/ Ju?^ n "* l f eri ,. X , re<l
MIN.i TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil- Saratoga Sprlnga and Tipper Lake. ; Z s ,r r m pi and nSd sll
d*n's paru.lise: mothen 1 delteht; hu.bands* rest. . A *'ams "efellr Lakes and g *aratoea? FiS
Address A.N DREW JACKSON, isapaboda springs m| AfTVm I |1T Onnil n FI n Iff from San Francisco. ?5 50; roun 1 trip, *10. Spe-
ll^ : ill 1 1! II I 411 Nl IkllVll MKH clttl rates for families. <J.B.WYAM, proprietor.
TWO HnXPI <! AIMIS rnTTArPC HlVUillillil HI HI 1 liltill soda Bay. Kelswvville. Lake County. Cal.
IWO "OlbLb AINU tUITAGES. W ILLBG OPBSPORBOABDERR JCSE 1. "
jg^\ »' Write for particulars WM. J. ROSS, proprle- WHEN ITI^IAH
£/ tf§4 my ■ tor, Oakville, Napa County, Cal. VISITING Ul\.lr\ll
M J^t/^4fjrwf)yt'yf)' SPEND YOUR VACATION AT DAI AfP HATPI
/ Arts 't^tUyM*/ LAUREL GLEN FARM PALACb HUIhL.
/ jf_.Mi6BWil!aAjWiT>- L-«.uncu, uuc« r/^nivi. W. H. FOKSE * SONS, PROPRIETORS.
fc Fine spring water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and mills ISTHE NEWESTTLARGEST AND BEST
tt Z \Jr «,^ « • home comforts. Particulars apply MRS. V. STU- -» hotel in Uklah and It Is headquarters for
Under the Old Management Bh.NRAt.SCU. box 169, .Napa. Cal. > touris-s. ' neaaquarters for
OJI AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA \ ! 1 j Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
... Redwoods, X. P. C. R^ .lt., Tla Sausallto ferry, n||||Urn Dnßnn »T mini HIT »nd depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
tftu pe a r v :u c : F/.tm af^^^ls^tJ^ ' SUMMER BOARD AT BURLINGAME. ! ■"'»'■»• ****** transferred free of charge,
perweek: tent., ,3 to per week. send for clr- I Redjneton lace A Mild Rest Cure." ,fl ft ggy T . » „ft M C
C. 1. BURNS, Proprietor Address IRA G. lIOITT. Ml 88 gj £9 lUM In Ml ffl fc
l»z»<tero, Cal. Holtfs School reopens August 4. IHWWiI I^llH_ HVIIIbI
: The Recognized Family Summer Resort
MARK WEST SPRINGS I klamath hot springs, , s4-'3rs£ : -&?Sr&m
■ 111/Hi'll IBIUKJI Ml H.li.lvHkJ« "DESWICK. SISKIYOO COUNTY, OAL. A: in ew dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
■ _ 7 JJ noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and i e^ellei.t. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
Tlie Gem of Sonoma County. sulphur baths. i nlr - Ht *«« *«■ Madrone every Monday, W«dnes-
Nine miles from santa Rosa. Pnsnußßns T> Mnv io+ n «.- day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
' TiriTH its beautiful urapevine AR- * IUBUW bkus., rropnetorg. > train leaving the city at 8:15 A. M.
! »> bor; the place where you feel at home. Table ~ ~~ VIC POXCELKT, Llagaa. Cal.
first class. Croquet. Billiards, Shuffle-board, A TF^ IVrf»lVr /X T t f^.^t~l ' '
Bwlncft. swimming-pool, Dimci-g Pavilion, Fish- xeTT,^,- VrJirP TO BAVE A GOOD TIME ¥■¥ IMI I miAV ¥lA¥Tr<¥l
ingand Hunting. Terms, $10 and $12 per wevk. I*i YO , lt W £-?T, TO HAVI^ A t>OOD TIME |)B 1 1 : r|l | '|i|4 l \ 1 ! J l l kj |j'
Special rates forclnhs and large families. Round X , »'M.ntlnir and flshmg where ganie of all kinas is |j/||l 111 111,1 Etlrl Vlii
triD S3 75 ODen iluv 1 plentiful, take the aF. and X. P. K. U. to Ukiah, * UXmll lill Ivll mi. V UKJMJt
Jl FRESE^JUEHGENSEN. ; Berrj'hill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage ™ _ from Cazadero. on Stage Line.
* * fc-- > -^ <a J i. K ku en sk X. to Hullville. P. O. address, Hullvllle, Lake Co. Cal. 1S n ' !es irom Caradero, on Stage Line.
nt\ mA i\rTiTr«iiiT nnmirrtn ~ ~- ~ r ~ pood trout fishing, plenty fruit,
(ill TO ill \l\\ SPRINGS, California hotel, VT cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
VIV 1" l/LilVxi:l ('I HI.IW, W/\L,lr*JKi>i/\ IIU I tL, two or more; Kram! redwuoJ scenery. Addresa
T WO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNDOCINO B^J^SHHSS^^ar JOSEPH 1. 1'T1"RIX(;EI5. seavlew, Sonoma Co.,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAXD, MKNHOCINO « /^TVT « A "CT A -K*t or a Pt'«y KRUSE & CO., 207 Front St., Saa Fran-
X County, for your health and pleasure. The best f%.J*l Jc-*.-/3k.JB".£IL.ZIJXj. clsco for particulars.
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elee- Summer Resort for Familioii, ■ '
trie and mineral baths: new modern hotel; 260 Rates 96 to $10. A. BERO, Manager. , cllr/vnn rmnivn Mivrnif inirrrn
£^r%a - I^^?"^^-.^ l^^. — — — ASTORG SPRING MINERAL WATER.
> l $& strain, TnE JOEDAI HOUSE, SIS RAFAEL, CAL. T he fountain oFTerpetual to™
, O. HO WELL, President. Flrnt-Clasa Fnnilly Konrjllne-Ilouse. -L cures most any disease of long standing: cured
Telephone at Poatomce. ■ MRS jF. JORDAN, *%*«?»• | SSSSffi th^-^o^X^Ta^O^OS
_ •■■■■■ aub AMMiaiMA Beautiful iow. - Sixth Street, Fifth St., sou- proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
} UT T flrll C" I! CI I ill C" >lne rounds. Head of B. County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has privllego
LI I I UN -Or illnhOf EL bom™ HOTEL °" t °""" OLENBROOK
. . SONOMA COt'M'V. T\r ow OPEN TO TOURISTS. FOR THE ULUINBKUUK.
• ' i.l season: salt and fresh water bathing, hunting, TS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMINO RE-
'A X IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST fishing and boating;, redwood grove, etc.: •terms 1 sorts in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
A AND PLEASURE: no staging; JA-mlle from reasonable. G.W.MORGAN, fishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the _^ Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co.,Cal. information adaress O. W. R. TKKDWAV,
• 'United States and the celebrated Lytiun Geyser " ~ - " — ~. Proprietor, Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal. '
s.xin Springs. Wonderful curative properties. QPlfil CD'.CDDIIViriC ~ ~~~ : — — ~
Table first-class. Send for circulars. OCIULDK 3rKlt>UO, CIIIIIIPR DAIDA \ T DID f<II DAY
WHITE OAK FARM, PS»fi*tig£&fft9 i"!^?y|!IJ^M!!!!?£L
c - wriT ; ¥ r^.T,»- trip tickets at Southern Pacific offic-es, *10: special -"-Kant climate, fishing, hunting and scenery.
■VTEAR CLOVERDALE-SPECIAL . ATTEN- conveyance dally. For information address JOHN L «* P rice - '■ , _ _ _ LM ._: , ■■- _i_
II tion given to table: terms *7 per week. for SPAULDING, Se! ler Springs Lake County, CaL Terms of W. T. TWOMIiLKY, Gilroy.
particulars address W. H. HI ATT. Cloverdale, Cal — i -=— — — — —
homp dpct en thp cmmmpd MAGNETIC SPRINGS. SARATOGA SPRINGS,
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER. . take co.-most beautiful summer
. rr. -r ' ZTt^t Dr ,, 10i ... T- N * THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ -Li resort In State: 8 different springs: good flsh-
ATTBACTIVE LOCATION: PLEASANT J. Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt- ing and hunting; accommodations Hrs'-class- rate*
■ -TV rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick- ing and fishing; cottages tor families;, stage meets *10 per week and upward- table unexcelled; hard-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. >or particulars morning train: (trms $8 up. Address JOSEPH finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTKN3, Bach-
ana terms address box 86, beb» B topgl, Sonoma Co. Ll* l>sk V, Uleawoed, C*l. elor £>. 0., Lake Co., C&U
1112
3AN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the s an Francisco Cali^
710 Market street, open until 12 o clock everj
oignt in the y,ar.
BRANCH offices— s3o Montgomery street
corner Cay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opsi
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
■SB" " FIBST CHUBCH 6f" CHBIST, SCIfcN-
&-i? tist— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post st., cor. Powell. Christian science Bible
Lessons, International Series. Subject: "Parable
of the Vineyard." •' Science and Health" study
Thursday, nt 7:45 p. M., in Golden West Hail,
320 Post street. All are welcome.
B_^= FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH. EDDY ST..
B^t? rear Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton. pas-
lor. Services Sunday. May 24, 1896. Preaching at
11 a.m. by Herman Warszwiak. the great mis-
sionary to the Jews, and at 7:30 p. m. by the
pastor; topic, "The Iron of Trust." Baptism at
the evening service. Sunday-school at 18:80 p. m.
Y. I. B. of C. E. at 6:30 p. m. Prayer-meeting on
Wednesday evening nt 7 :45 o'clock. Cnratlan cul-
iur- dess on Friday at hp. m. All these services
an open to the public. Strangers are welcome.
7jF?>p" THIRD CONOREGATIONALCHI ii.
0—- Fifteenth St.. near Mission— William
K.i<l«t. pastor. Services at 11 a. 11. subject, -1 he
Keys and the Kingdom." Service* at 7:45 p. m.
Subject, -'The Sao Francisco Sabbath.' Music
by chorus choir under direction of William C.
Btadtfeldt; "Unto Thee, O Lord" (Brown).
"Heavenly Mansion" (Macy). "As Pants the
Hart" (Millard). -Praise the Lord" (i)anks), "Out
Of the Deep" (Mozart), "Now the shades of Night
Are Gone* rMorsell), Miss R. Parker. All are
cordially Invited.
|_S» PLY MOUTH CONG REG A
st-^ 1 Church, Post st.. bet. Buchanan and Web-
ster—Rev. W. D. Williams, D.D., pastor. Preach-
ing at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.m. Morning sermon,
'•Christ in California." In the evening memorial
service. George H. Thomas Post of the »>. A. R.
will attend. G. A. R. veterans of any post will be
very welcome. All veterans of any post are re-
quested to meet In the lecture-room of the church
at 7:30 p. m., so as to enter the auditorium to-
gether. Address by department chaplain, Rev. J.
A; Cruzau. Special music.
ip~P FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
It-^ ncr Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
Mebbins, D.D.." minister; William O. Eliot Jr.,
ts-soriate, at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Ft: mi ay- school at 9:45 a. m. Services at 11 a.m.
and 7:. v 0 p. m. Bible-class at 9:45 a. m.. led by
Bey. Samuel Slocombe. All are cordially invited.
-KgS 3 SECOND UNITARIAN CHI 11. COR-
Efc^jS^ m . r of Twentieth and Capti sts.— A. .1.
Wells, pastor. Services at 11 a. M. and 7:45 P. M.
Mr. Wells will preach the morning sermon, -Life's
Long Lines." In the evening he will present the
third lecture on liberal leaders, the subject being
••Horace BushneU. " Bible study at 7p. m. Sun-
<'. 1;. school at 9:45 a. M. Seats iree. Pastor's resi-
dence, 20 Liberty st.
IT^sy= CALVARY PRKSBYTERIANCHURCH .
ts~-^ corner of Powell anil Geary sts.— Rev. John
Hemphlll, D.D., pastor, will preach a: 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m. Topic for evening. "Three Heroes 01
the Faith. Morning music: "Te Deum" in i! flat,
(Thomas): offertory, "Adore and Be Still"
(Gounod), soprano solo, Mrs. a. M. Brune. Even-
ing music: "Benedic Anima" (Mosenthal); Offer-
tory, -Peace 1 Leave With You" (Tinney), tenor
solo. D. M. Lawrence. All are cordially invited.
ft^S= FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
CfiiS' Twelfth st., near Howard— Preaching at 11
a. m. by W. B. Berry, Sunday-school at 9:30 a.m.
Y. P. S. of C. E. at 6:30 r. M. Seats free. Every,
body welcome.
BETS 3 KEY. C. 51 BROWN. D.D., WILL
tf^ preach In Odd Fellows" Hall, Market and
Seventh sts.. at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Morning
th me. "The King and the Kingdom of Truth. '
]■. veiling erne, "The Nation's Heroic Dead." A
general Invitation to the public is extended. Sun-
<Uy-schuoi at Golden Gate Hall at 1 r. M. Christian
I.ndeavor services at 6:30 P. M. Hereafter a
regular preaching service will be maintained in
• ■oldeu Gate Hall under the direction of Key. CO.
Erowu, D.D., every Sunday a 1 1 a. m. and 7:46 p. m.
rtTS 3 MRS. COOPER'S BIBLE CLASS. DUB-
IE*-** ing her absence from the city, will be con-
ducted by Professor C. s. Nash of the Pacific
Theological Seminary of Oakland at Shasta Hah.
Native Sons' building, at 12:45 p. m. Youn.i
People's Society of <. hristian Endeavor, George B.
Uttlefleld president, meets in the same hall at
0 ::W p. _
rj-T^p REV] HERMANN WARSZAWIAK
B>i* will deliver a short address on "The Signs
oftheTlm'sl Connection With the Restoration
of Israel," following Dr. Mexican's lecture on
"Prophecy" at Scottish Hall, Larkin st., opp. City
Hall, at 3p. m. Reformed Episcopal Church ser
vices at 320 Post st. at 11 a. xt. and 7:45 c. m. as
usual.
sTr^p ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, COR.
S5-* 7 Mason and Ellis sts —This (Sunday) after-
noon at 3 o'clock John H. Elliott of New York
will address a mass-meeting of young people. Sub-
ject. "The Hiding Places 01 Men." Gallery re-
served for ladies. Seats free to all young people.
REORGANIZED CHURCH OF JESUS
K56 Christ of Latter-day Saints, 320 Post su—
Memorial services at 11 a. m. Preaching at 7:45
p. m. All welcome.
r~"~=f ' ! LUP-C ! I OF JESUS CHRIST OF
ur-J*' Latter-day Saints at 909 Market St.— Ser-
vices at 11 a. M. and 7:45 p. m. Elder Henry 8.
Tanner will speak at evening service. Subject.
"External Evidences of the Book of Mormon."
lie will show that Anier Can ethnology and Indian
traditions harmonize with i>"ok of Mormon his-
tory. All are welcome. No collections.
F^~TH I- ' tSOPHICAL SOCIETY — COUNT-
IS~-^ ess Constance Wachtmeis'.er, pupil of Mme.
Rlavats'icy, will lecture in Native Sons' Hall, Mason
ht.. near Post, to-night at 8 o'clock. Subject, "The
Social Evils of the Day." Admission free.
Wpzg* THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY — FREE
He-*' public lecture every Sunday evening at 320
Post St., 7:45 o'clock. To-night, "Theoaophy and
Social Questions." by Mrs. J. I). HassfiirthT.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
jpT5» CA LI FORN LA^SpTr H' uXITs^TS^CON^
ct-£ ventijn meets at Golden Gate Hall, Sutter
st , above Mason, TO-DAY. Addresses by Na-
tional President Hon. H. D. Barrett, Julia Scbles-
inner, barah Seal, William Emmet Coleman, Ad-
die L. Ballon and others, 10 a. m. and 2v. m.
Evening— J. Clegg Wright, "Philosophy of spirit-
ualism": Charles "Dawbarn, "Science of Spiritual-
ism"; President Barrett "Religion of Spiritual-
ism." Music by Young's Orchestra, 16 pieces,
l-'ree Monday, addresses 10 a. m. and 2 p. m., free.
Evening, the pnenomenal seance by John Slater,
Mrs. J. J. Whitney, Fred Evans, Mrs. Francis: ad-
mission 10 cents.
»S3p DR. ROBBINS LECTUREB TO-NIGHT
C"^ on "Guardiun Spirits"; theslck healed: me-
diums developed; written question! answered;
convincing tests; Washington Hal!, 35V Eddy
1!., 8 p.m.: magnetized paper; circle tickets and
admission free.
tips' AT 997 MARKET, 'FIRST PHOGRES-
Lb~-s? give Spiritual Church," 11 a. m. test devel-
oping circle: 2 p. m, platform tests, Mrs. Warren
McKee Ewer-Dunham; 8 p. m. flowers, articles
rend, Mr. Smith Hansen, Mrs. Henderson Warren.
Good music. .:■ «
Vt^yS* JOHN SLATER, PLATFORM TEST
m^& medium, will give tests and messages irom
spirit friends only, at Metropolitan Temple, Fifth
su, below Market, to-night, at H o'clock sharp.
Good music. Admission 10c.
C^3p LIBERALS AND TRUTH-SEEKERS^
W-& Dr. York, the noted orator, will apeak at
Scottish Hall. 105 Liir^in St.. this evening at 8
filar;', on "Wasted Power and Science of Life."
P. S.— Don't miss It. Next to thelast of the course.
Come acd bring your wife. Admission free.
jF^p" DR. KINK-' SPIRITUAL MEETING,
"-^ 909 Market St., 11 a. m.. 2 and 8 P. M.;
circle and plauorm test: Mmes. Dunham, Meyers,
Bird. Fix, FaniiiKton, R. A. Stftts, Dr. Mueulen-
brach. Oflice, 131/2 Sixth st.
<t!^F"~Ai'l»l I SWAIN'S LECTURE IN I. O. O.
ii>-£7 F. Hall. Berkeley, Wednesday evening, on
any subject suggested by audience. Sittings to
ladles only 1055 Market St.
ip^T GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING, MET-
££-" ropoiitan Temple, Sunday, May 24, at 3
p. m. Address by Geo. H. Derrick, M.D. Subject-
-The Old Idol."
ar^ 3 c. V. MILLER— ETH KRE ALIZING, MA-
'-"^-^ teriallzing seance to-night, 8 o'clock. 635
]'.)■; sr. : aOc.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
K^'HERM'aSN "LODGE NO. 12771"" ■
**^£? and A.M.— Called meeting on sun. In.
DAY, May 24, 1896, at 1:30 o'clock p. M.,^ 2T
at the hall. Masonic TemDle, for the funeral • / \^>
services of our deceased Brother GEORGE H
EGGERS. By order of the W. M.
• L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
Bt^S* THE ODD FELLO\Vs""TJF v >vsi_-' / ,
L»J5' p an Francisco will give a social^49^
and a literary and musical entertain-^SjgKS^
ment .■ Odd Fellow*' Hall, FRIDAY --m^^~-'
EVENING, May 29, 1896. at which some of the
successes of Paderewsfel will be rendered by the
eminent piano virtuoso, Mr. Hugo Mansfeldu
ANDREW W. TUR PIN, Secretary.
|**ap KXCELBIOR LODGE NO. niMitlfn
l*-& 310, I. O. O. P., meets at '^-18-^^g^
Mission St.. net. Nin-ieonth and Twen- '-^st®»^*?
tieth. Initiation on MONDAY EVEN- '^^r<s--
ING, May 25, 1596. at 8 o'clock. Members are
requested to be present. Visiting brothers are
most cordially Invited.
JOHN QUINTON. Acting Noble Grand.
axiu'.kw w. 1 irpin. Recording Secretary.
r^ M\ Kill-. LODGK, NO. 42, A. O. .vWft-,
st~^y V. W.— Officers and members ares&w£s
hereby notified to attend the funeral of ouriS"',*?-
late brother, H. KOZ MINSK V, on rUKS-CSj^
DA May 26, 1896. at 10 a. m., from I'.'n-ii B'rith
Hall on Eddy St. J. M. LYONS. M. W.
C D. Ma 1.1.1 M, Recorder.
ra> BET7NION AND IC~OF «_S^
.«*~* 7 : Ancient Order of Hibernians. B. of V'Wfl
X.. to be given 0/ Division No. lof Berke- *c\> If
ley, Alameda County, at Laurel Glen i'arkc^V*,%
SUNDAY, June 14, 1896. Adults' tickets ?_£
50c, children's 25c
larks' IRISHMEN, ATT E N T I O N 1 «_<=•?>
CS--C 7 The annual picnic and games of VwSJf
Division No. 10, A. O. H. of a., will take % ■'.'fl
place at Schuetzen Park. San Rafael, onc£viiS
SATURDAY. May 30 (Decoration day).* ?_t
Ticket*, round trip, Including admission 10 park,
adults 60c, children under 12 yet.rsof ace 25c
JNO. P. O'CONNELL, President.
Jno. H. Doi.an-. Rec. Sec.
tics' CALEDONIA club— litbb- . «s^.
sVieS' ary entertainment and social^ CaiX7
dance at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin »t., >Jo"~<Zs
TUESDAY EVENING, May 26. Liter- V 39*
ary exercises to commence promptly at 8 o'clock.
D. B. McNEILL, Chief.
Jam ij* H. Dvkca-x. Secretary. , •.
MEETINfi NOTICES- Continued.
ry^sp THIRTIETH GRAND AN- . %7 >.
&-& nuui gathering and sanies of the jV. Q>wJ
Caledonian Club. Shell Mound Park,
Berkeley, SATURDAY, May 30. A
most Interesting programme, Including nil ancient
Scottish feats of strength and skill and other ex-
citing new events. A handsome banner will be
presented to the winning team In the relay race
between the hieh school boys of Sau Francisco
and Oakland. Noted athletes from all parts of
America, as well as lads and lassies, will take part.
Coin to th« amount of .$3OOO and other valuable
prizes will be distributed to the successful com-
petitors on th* grounds. Music and dancing in
two large pavilions. A Caledonian welcome to all.
Be sure and buy your tickets for shell Mound
Park. Admission— Adults 50c, children 25c.
D. U. McNEILL. Chief.
J. M. Dtncax, Secretary.
!»P^?s= OAKLAND SPIRITUAL CONVENTION.
fc~& Hamilton Hall, cor. Thirteenth and Jeffer-
son sts.. Oakland. -May 27, 2 and 7 p.m. Lecture
by Hon. H. D. BASSETTof Washington D. C.
|iESS= SUNSET PARK.SANTA -»>-
-iS-jy CRUZ Mountains— Come /TZP^Sf\?
with the Sons of St. George of
Sun Francisco and Alameda to C-^LjL?S. «i^V
their ninth annual picnic, to be jyS~ v <v^s
held at the. above delightful resort ©\ »rSvrjSv
on the 30th of Miiv. All kinds of I, N a******;
games. Fine music. Dancing. _(_S3e*s}3b
A large number of prizes. Trains "^IEPSS*??^^
leave Hie ferry at 7:45 and 8:45. Tickets $1;
children 60c.
SEr"3p NOTICE OF STOCK HOLDER* MEET-
-1»~-*' Ing— Pacific Coax:. Jocney Club. Notice is
hereby civeu that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
wilt be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1896, at the hour of 11 a.m.. at the office of the
company. Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPJIECKELS. President.
W. S.Leake, Secretary.
Sun Francisco. Cal., May 15. 1896.
SI'I.CIAI. NOTICES.
E^sS" baiTtesaxts E7ECTED~FOR^S47
s*-*^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montyy su.'room 6. Te!. 6580.
SITUATIONS iVANTEU-FEMALE.
QUPERIOR GERMAN COOK DESIRES SITU-
-0 atlon: understands all branches of cooking; 3
years last place. MISS CULL EN, 323 Suttersu
VTF.AT YOUNG GIRL WANTS PLACE I.V
X> small family to assist, wages $10 to $12; also
general housework girls with flrst-clas* references
desire posi' ions Call, address or telephone MISS
Hlckey. 1033 Post St.
y OUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES Up"-
X Stairs work. MRS. LAMBERT. 303 Mason st.
DRESSMAKER, FIRST CLASS, WA NTS
work at once; $2 per day; in nice families;
perfect fitting; fine taste. Address C. M., box 71,
Call Office.
VOUXG ENGLISHWOMAN WISHES TO
X care for invalid or elderiv lady; references: $4
weekly. 11 E., box 37, Call Office.
VTEAT YOUNG OIBL WOULD LIKE A STTTJA-
1> tion In a bakery and assist In general: will
wor« one week for nothing: Mission preferred.
Address R. C. box 73, Cali Office.
pOOD COOK WISHES A SITUATION IN A
VT hotel or boarding-house; city or country. 81
Nato.na st.
/COLORED GIRL WANTS PLACE FOR OKX-
V eral housework. Call 11 SO Pacific St., lower flat.
COOK WANTS A SITUATION FOR THE
country: bakes cood bread. 1301 Santa Clara
aye., Alameda.
pBRMAN WOMAN WANTS Wo BY THE
VT day, washing, ironing or housecleaning. Please
call or address i:-cjki 2 Pacific st.
1 EDUCATED GERMAN NURSERY GOVERN-
J ess desires position; would like to teach ; does
sewing and willing to make herself useful. Call
or address 1585 Folsom su
yOUNG WOMAN OF AMIABLE DISPOSI-
X tion wishes situation as housekeeper. Address
H. X., box 21, call.
T"\BEBS3I aX ! B AND SEAMSTRESS, GOOD
1 / fitter and draper, sews 50 cents a day. W. C,
box 92, Call Office.
W"OMAN~\VANTS WORK: HALF A DAY ob
'» few hours J ally; cooking, homework or care
of childrens: good references. Address H.. box
73, Call Office.
IDDLE- AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tiou to work : city or country is a good cook :
very good laundress; moderate, wages. Call 1000
Washington St., corner of Powell.
1 LL I N < i WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THK
" day, washing or -cleaning; $1 a day and
carfare. 717 Howard st.
ESPECTABLK YOUNG SWISS GIRL OF 22,
-It only short time here, wishes a position to do
second work or assist in general housework In a
private family: wages not under $14. Call or ad-
dress, Monday and Tuesday, T. 5., 4134 Nineteenth
St., near Castro.
WANTED —BY EXPERIENCED HOTEL
" housekeeper, situation in summer resort. 813
Bush st.
W ANTED — BY FIRST-CLASS COOK. 8ITUA-
» » ation in a hotel or private family. 813 Bush.
■yOXJNO FRENCH LADY DESIRES SITUA-
X tion as lady's maid or housekeeper: good refer-
ences. Address L. M.. box 45, Call Office.
OMPETENT WOMAN. MIDDLE-AGED, CAN
. do southern an. French cooking; Is fine baker
and butter-maker: city or country, but country
preferred. Call or address 749 Howard st.
T7IXPERIENCKD INVALID OR " INFANT'S
XU nurse would be willing t . make herself useful;
can be highly recommended. 1.. M.. box 34, Call.
•y"OUNO OIBL WISHES TO TAKE t ARE OF
X a baby. 3 Bannam place, near Dupont sl.
OMPETENT WOMAN OF MIDDLE AGE
\J wishes siiuatlon to do general housework In
American family; good cook; city or country;
wages $16; references. N. D.. box 45, Can.
YOUNG LADY. RECENTLY FROM THE
X East, desires plain sewing and mending by the
day. Room 8. 472 Stevenson St.. near Sixth.
\"OUNG STRONG HEALTHY WOMAN
X wishes work by the day, week or month. i\ease
call a 7131, Clementina st., In rear.
Q ITU ATTON WANTED BY NEAT GERMAN
O woman in hotel or private house In country.
Apply 448 Jessie su
F) ELI A 8 1. WOMAN with a CHI i7D~~6
It ears old wants situation to do any kind of
work: will work for small wages. Call or address
221 Minna st.
V EXPERIENCED CHAMBERMAID IN
hotel or lodging-house. E. S., box 27, Call.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
VJ to do general housework: is good cook; city
reference; low wages. Call 206 Fifth, nr. Howard.
WOMAN ANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE.
«» keeper or nurse to children: best of reference;
call for 2 days.. 720 Natoma .st.
yOUNO WOMAN wants work BY THE
X Jay; washing. Ironing and housecleanlng:
$1 10. 212 Chattanooga st., between Twenty-third
and Twenty-fourth.
"VTOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
1 light housework In the Mission; $10. Call or
address 224 Cbaitmnoosca St.
..V MUSICAL YOUNG LADY AS USEFUL
I) companion to lady in country: would assist
with children or housework: references. R., box
6, Call Office, Oakland.
VTEAT EXPERIENCED GERMAN GIRL
JLi wishes position as first-class cook or house-
keeper in private family. Address K. K-. Call Of-
lice, Oakland.
yOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK IN THE
X city a few hours a day at general housework.
Please address Y. 8..b0x 45, Call Office.
T ADY WANTS SEWING a MENDING BY
-Li the day. 2853 Sixteenth sU
ELL EDUCATED YOUNG WOMAN WITH
years' experience in the management of chil-
dren and refined household seeks re-engagements;
moderate compensation; exceptional references.
MISS 2921 Sixteenth st.
T ADY WISHES SITUATION AS COMPAN-
■XJ ion, or will care for children or Invalid for her
fare to Chicago; will act as guide in that city. 821
Mission St., upper flat, room 4.
T ADY WISHES SITUATION as Hots,.
XJ keeper; city or country. 137 Seventh St., r. 11.
LIIRST-CLASSCOOK WISHES A SITUATION:
X! also is a good nurse; would take care of and rear
child on bottle, or nurse 111 confinement; no objec-
tion to country: first-class reference; wages no
object. 865 Mission st.
ANTED— A PLACE AS NURSK OB COM-
'' p:mion with a family going to England and
returning here: English Protestant: wages $20;
good sailor. Address E. B. A., box 102, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED WISHES ENGAGE-
ments: charges reasonable. Address I. S., 32
Lewis st., bet. Post and Sutler, off Jones.
pOMPKTENT LAUNDRESS WANTS WASH-
\J ing and ironing by the day. Call or address
445 Jessie st.
pOLUM BIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR-
\J nlshes best help for every position in one hour.
128 Fourth »U: telephone black 1353.
GIRL (18 YEARS). WELL B : OUGHT UP,
experienced In housework, wishes situation in
small family. 1). F., 912 Pine st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
VI do general housework or housekeeper; wages
$10 to 12 per month; city or country. Call or
address 504 Howard St., cor. Klrst.
XV OMAN DF.SIRK3TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
'» work and sew: perfect fit; low wages for good
home. Address K. L., box 19. Call Office.
HOUSEKEEPER - A YOUNO AMERICAN
. widow wishes position as housekeeper in nice
family: no trifiers need apply.- Please call from 9
until 4 J- M. at 116 Fulton st.
AX EDUCATED GERMAN LADY WITH 6
JA. years' references desires position; same is
trustworthy, saving, and understands housekeep-
ing, cooking and Kewing thoroughly; would also
like to give lessons in the German language Ad-
dress W. 8.. box 65, this office.
WANTED- a POSITION AS working
" housekeeper, by a German lady; city or coun-
try : only thos • wishing, a working housekeeper
Call or address 205 Seventh st.
/ • ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE- BEST
VX help secured. MHS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
j \\T INUHE-JI er HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
I »» Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 60 tos6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB, 9 CENTS — TH»
A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, lor mailing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
situations wanted— male.
rn c ATic)>r wXxTl:rj^^^TßST^cLAss
„ stationary engineer. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
(COLUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR-
j V_ nishes best help for every position In one hour.
■ 128 Fourth sU; telephone, black, 1353.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
Stevenson st., bet. Fifth and Sixth. .">■;.'
Chinese and Japanese EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 41 4 V2 O'Farrell; teL K. 426.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V^help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
C. ii. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches -.short notice. l4Gearr. Grant 48.
W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. meut offlce. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
oflice; best help. 3148 Sutler: teL Grant 30.
HUNTER 4 CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN
XX employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
IjMRST-CLASS PAINTER; WILL WORK
cheap; private parties: day or contract : city or
country. Address Painter, 308 Twenty-fourth sU,
I Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
0 wife; man understands the care of horses, can
milk and is handy with tools: wife Is good cook
ami housekeeper: references. Call or address A.
11, 321 E lla st. . .
IpiRST-CL \ -s FRENCH GARDENER WISH-
es situation; city or country: good reference.
Address 736 Montgomery st.
IMRST-CLASSTILE-sETTER WANTS WORK;
city or country. Address Tile, box 8, Call office.
■\TAN AND WIFE WISH POSITION; CITY
-I>X or country. Employment Office, 306 Mason.
GARDENER: A FIRST-CLASS GARDE
understands all branches of gardening and has
good references, wishes a steady situation. Ad-
dress Gardener, box 45. Call Office..
BAKER FOREMAN, FIRST-CLASS ON
bread and cakes, wants steady situation; city
or country. Address 19 Zoe st., bet. Third and
Fourth, near Bryant.
THIRST-CLASS COOK DESIRES POSITION:
-T meals, pastry : family or boarding-house; town
or country; references. ALPHA, »12 Pacific st.
AN AND WIFE (GERMAN COUPLE WITH
1 girl 3 years old) wish situations on 11 ranch;
I man good ranch hand; can milk; handy with
tools; wife good cook and dressmaker. Address
M., box 21, Call Oflice. ,_
ENGINEER AND MACHINIST, YOUNG
XJ man. wains situation in country; references.
Address Y. M.. box 132, Call office.
arkkepelugood ACCORDION-PLAYER)
1 * wants situation to make himself generally use-
ful about saloon or hotel; can handle horses. J.
G.. 627 Commercial st.
pOACI [MAN (ENGLISH) AGED 28, SINGLE,
Vj would like situation in private family; town or
country: first-class references. Address, English,
box 99. Call Office.
SALESMAN, WELL KNOWN IN STOVE,
0 tinware and plumbing business, is open to en-
gagement. Address S. M.. box 22, this ollice.
'AMERICAN COOK AND WIFE WISH SITU-
->' »■ atior.s, hotel, restaurant or institution; both
good cooks and bakers: wa;es moderate; refer-
ences. Address R. R., box 74, Call ' office.
AN AND WIFE-PRIVATE PLACE OR
gentlemen's club: man understands care of
horses, cattle, grounds and indoor work: wife com-
j petent cook and housekeeper; Eastern prop c.
Address E. P., box 141, this office.
"V r OUNG MAN WANTS WORK IN PRIVATE
I family; understands care of horses, careful
driver and general work around place: best of ref-
erences. ROBERT ANNETT, box 149, Call Office.
RCH.VS.DIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
charge of orchard, vines, stock and general
farming: 16 years' California experience; Al
references. Address Ranch. 312 Vi Fulton st.
i "EXPERIENCED WINKMAKER AND CEL-
j XJ larman (German), for the past 10 years lore-
! man in large California wineries, with first -class
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address CARLMEZGER, Call Office. Los Angeles.
\-OiNl. GERMAN, 29 YEARS OF AGE,
X speaking German. French and English, would
like position as salesman; well acquainted in
grocery and liquor business; good references. Ad-
drt-ss Grocer, box 30. Call.
II ANTED— SITUATION AS GROOM OR
II coachman; good rider and driver; good refer-
ences. Address H. S., 277 Stevenson si.
\\r ANTED-POSITION IN PRIVATE FA.M-
» ' ily as hostler; is first-class hostler and gar-
dener; work and do general chores; good refer-
ences. Address N. JONES, box 4*. this offlce.
POSITION BY COMPETENT ENGINEER;
1 anything at any price; reftrences. S. A. L.,
Diamond P. P., Alameda Co.
GOOD CARPKNTKR AND general me-
chantc wishes steady employment: best refer-
ences. Address C. D., box 136, this office.
UTLER (GERMAN) WANTS POSITION;
best city references. Address G. D., box 99,
Call Office.
Tl 7 O UK OF ANY KIND WANTED BY A
'» young Scandinavian; handy with tools. Ad-
! dress H. W.. box 88, Call Office.
; POSITION AS COLLECTOR OR ANYTHING !
j i else requiring a careful, active, honest man: '
! held present responsible place 16 years. Address i
j P. R., box 36, Call Office.
C"A' UMAX: SINGLE: THOROUGHLY UN- I
) derstands the care of tine horses and carriage^, '
and is « good careful driver; Is strictly temperate, j
industrious and obliging; has bad long experience ■
in the care of gentleman's place and ban best of
New York and Chicago references. Address E.
-I \< K. 321 Ellis st.
\\r ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED man WITH
• > wife and 2 children, 8 and 9 years of age. place
on a ranch; cood home more than high wages i
wanted: man good workman and wife good cook;
best references. Inquire or address A. 11.. 61 Clay. !
OTELOR RANCH MANAGER— MAN AND '
wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public In- |
stitullou or other property in Southern California;
large experience in handling help. Manager,
P. • '. box 2217. San Francisco.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR !
»» Marlft— Electric lights In every room; 200 :
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»' Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per '
week: free bus and baggage io and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
UrANTED- PROTESTANT SECOND GIRL
'» for small family In the country, $25; cook, 1
German or French, for small institution, $30; !
waitress for first-class hotel In city, steady place i
at $20 a month: young German or Swedish girl :
for chamberwork In an institution, $15; cook for I
2 In family In country, $20 (see party here); young
girl to help In private family, $12. Apply "MISS :
P.LUNKKTT, 424 Sutter St. "
WAITRESS AND ASSIST CHAMBEKWORK,
" mountain resort, *26; waitress, country ho-
tel, $20; cook, small mountain resort, $26;
French, German and Scandinavian cook: second
and housework girls for smta Barbara, santa
Crux and city. $25, $20 and $15. C. R. UANSKN
& CO., 110 Geary st.
Air ANTED — COOK, INSTITUTION, $30?
'» seamstress and nurse. $20; 2 Scandinavian.
German or Protestant second girls. $20; French
cook, $25; 4 cooks, hotel, restaurant and board-
ing-house, $25, $30 and $35; 4 waitresses, hotels |
and restaurant, $20 and $6 a week, and alrrge
number of girls for cooking and housework In city |
and country- J. F. CKo-K'l'l & Co., 312 Sutter.
G" ERMAN HOUSEKEEPER, $20": COOK. $35: '
"_I second girl. $25, country; nurse. $20; 26 |
housework girls, city and country. $20 and $25; i
8 young girls assist, $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN.
323 Sutter St.
CtOOK. BOARDING-HOUSE, $35. MISS CUL-
' LKN, 323 Suiter st. . ■ /
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work: good cook; 6 In family: wages $25. Ap-
ply MISS -iIICKEY, 1033 Poit st.
\" otNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN FAMILY OF 2.
I no wash, wa?es $12; also German girl to assist
in family of 2, $10. Apply MISS HICKE V, 1033 I
Post st.
I," ' > H BERKELEY— WELL-TRAINED GIRL,
X 1 berwork, sewing and waiting; references; i
$20; call Sunday 9to 11. MRS. LAMBERT, 306
Mason st.
PLENDID Cn A C E FOR REFINED
0 woman to become Identified with a prominent
firm; not under 25: previous experience not requi- j
site. 781 Sutter st.
TMRST-CLASS TAILORESS: NO OTHER !
X 1 need apply; good wages. 1228 Market sU, room
1 and 2. Monday. |
TVTEATGIRL; GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND I
X> cooking; wages $16; references. Call Monday !
9 to 12 1612 Sco:t st. " ;
ANTED— YOUNG HOUSEKEEPER: MUST
it he well educated, amiable and refined. Ad-
dress, stating age, etc., W. 1. P.. box 34, this office.
ty ANTED— YOUNG LADY TO LEARN BOOK-
"' keeping; answer in own handwriting. Apply
at once A. A., box 34, Cull Office.
r ANTED— A GERMAN GIRL AS COOK AND
work in family of 2. Apply 462 Natoma St.,
NE. cor. Sixth. - ■ -, - -
-yoUNGGIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOOSE-
X work: good home: moderate wages. Apply
iorenoon 41C0 Twentieth »t., near Castro.
]VJEAT RELIABLE FRENCH OR GERMAN
-•-*» nurseglrl: must be able to sew well: good
wages to right party. Apply DR. F. H. STAHLK.
City and County Hospital, between 10 and 11 a. m.
VV ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
" school; course thorough, practical: satisfac-
tion guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
ADY AGENTS; NEW INVENTION; CUT- j
ting dresses taught 1 hour: rights for sale. 605
Fell st.
/COMPOSITOR WANTED MONDAY MORN-
\J ing. R. R. PATTERSON, 429 Montgomery
l\f ANTED PUPILS TO LEARN MILLI-
'» nery; thoroughly qualified for taking positions
next season; elegant goods to work with : reason a-
ble. 1104 Market St., room 32, second floor.
VOONOOIRLTO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work. 1217 Webster st.
WANTED— COMPETENT WOMAN. 1420
Mason st. . .
WANTED— OPERATORS AND FINISHERS;
'» good wages; steady work. 923 Va Folsom sL
L'XPKi: IENi'EK APPRENTICE FOR DRESS-
XU making. 47 Post st.. rm. 2. bet. 8 and 9a. v.
IpiRST-CLABS TAILORESS .ON CUSTOM
r coats; also apprentices. 14 McAllister, room 19.
A PPRENTICES— SPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
ix.Tuea, In dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A teBBNTICES WANTED ON CUSTOM
■il coats: pay while learning. 410 Kearny sU,
room 24.
AS Wants WOMAN TO GO IN BUSl-
iiess. 12 Leroy place.
NTOW l 6 THE TI ME TO ENTER THE M'DOW-
-H ell Dressmaking Academy if you want to learn
dressmaking— cutting, fitting, making and finish-
ing: in fait, you can learn every part of the trade
from beginning to ei:d. We are leaching the Mc-
J'owel. itarment drafting machine, the world's
famoos system of dresscutting that received the
highest award at the World ■« Fair, and only sys-
tem receiving a gold medal al the Midwinter Fair.
Pupils can work for themselves, families, friends
or customers. Just think, many pupils have paid
their entire expenses in our st-wing-room. J--«sy
payments; unlimited lessons. Now is the time to
enter the McDowell Ores, making Academy, 213
Powell st., San Francisco.
T\omestTc~Bk"wTng machine, in peb-
XJ feet order; $15: day and evening. 1569 Market.
lANO LESSONS; aSc^VN"TIOUR. M., BOX
41. Call. '
YV ANTED-COOWS, WAITRKSSKS. SEAM-
'» stress, cashiers, nurses, laundry-gins. Come at
once and get a good position COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth Mt.
PROTESTANT WOMAN 1 AN SECURE GOOD
home; exchange liglit work: only three in fam-
'ly- 13-J4 Valencia »t,
W A NTKD-Wi i.M VN, ABOUT 25, CAPABLE
M 01 pi-rfortnini: general ollice dunes. Address, 1
with business references. >• -V., box 74, Call Office, I
p IKL~o~R w7 mAN TO ASSIST IN HOU SE-
VJ work; tip cooking. 721 El.isst.
GIRL FOR GEVKKAL HOUSEWORK, FAM-
ily of 3: reference. 2218 Jackson st.
\A. r ANTEDI-YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
" housework: references. 2241 Sutter st.
OA OPERATORS ON OVERS uIRTS; EX-
*JU perienced only. Apply 18 Sutter, fourth floor.
FIKST-CLASS T MLOHESS ON COATS]
BOW H AY. 604 Sutter st.
(JWKOISH OR GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSE-
work; $1& s. <;., box 49, Call Office.
MOST CON V EN 1 1. N 1 A N 1) 11KSPECT ABLE ;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to *1 50 per night; f 1 50 to $6
perwe»k; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AIRDBSBSINO •-'.'■ • "AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101e»Rons,fl 50. 124H Mission.
r^RESSSiXkING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught: new styles: perfect fitting pattnrns
"5'- !::■. Mil'oUKl'.l. Acitdemv. '-'IS Powell sU
1 1 ALE JIELP WANTED.
\\ AM i I) A CHKr FOB PIU V AT E~FAsT
•» ily, wages h month, local references nec-
essary; an Irish or English head butler. $50: also
a second-man, $40; also an Irish boy as footman;
places to be filled 15th of June. Apply or address
by letter, Miss PLUNK KIT, 424 Sower st.
QW A M PERS AN I) TIKMAKK R S~FO~R THE
0 woods; farmer and wife, $30; f prmer handy
with carpenter tools, $26 and found. C. K. HAS-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
MARKER AND DISTRIBUTOR; COUNTRY
laundry; $18 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
\\T A N "TED-TO-DA V (SUNDAY) LABORERS
•" and track-layers for railroad work; free fare,
offloe otx>n Tom 7tolla. m. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 110 Geary st.
9(~| f I H >l A X I •: B s73~FARMERS. 3 MILKKRS,
--'' a batter-makers, <Ojk and wife, 3 cooks, 2
wnkj-rs. 9 dishwashers, choreman, porter, oemeni
maniifuctiireraand many other places from $15 to
$100 month and found atMUBKAY .t KKADY'S,
Employment Agents, t>34 and 6H6 Clay st.
GII'.MAN ok SWEDISH MAN AND WIFE
forth*; country. Ji us. lam r.ERT, 306 Mason.
SOLICITOR FOR WELL - ADVERTISE!)
tailor. «59 Market .st.
\\T A NTKD— BA 1 1 DLE-MA X KRsT APPLY TO
'' MAIN & WINCH KS IKK.
I^IRST : CL.\SS T'i lATMA X EBJ COUNTRY.
CARP BUGS., 723 MarKot st.
\ir A N TED— A Y< (UNO MA N A CHANCE TO
'* learn cigar- making. 1723 Mission st.
Tailors- EIGHT TAILOHS WANTED. AD- i
dress W. C box 47, CaU 1 i(\\ce.
WANTED — COACHMAN IN A PRIVATE
" family; siiigl" man; must have best city
reference. Address, statini; age and reference, C.
B. A., box 102.
A MAN WHO THOROUGHLY UNDER-
stands the ptcklliiK of oiives Is wanted by a
lnnre grower of olives: an expert is reqnin-ii.
Room 165, Crocker building, U. S. Industrial
Acency.
/CORRESPONDENT CLERK WANTED IN A
VJ large mercantile house; young man; competent
stenographer and typewriter; Brst-daai references
required; salary *50; state age. Address A. U.,
box 81. Call.
"UOY ABOUT 15 YEARS OLD: MUST RESIDE
-!■» in .neighborhood. CROCKER'S, 7a* Mont-
gomery st.
XV ANTE 1 —RELIABLE BOY TO LKARN
»» pocery bnsineßs; good home. 1019 PacUc.
XA T A NTEU— MAN AN D W I FE; MAX MUST
" he competent teamHter and larmer: woman
must be rlrst-class cook; German preferred ; good
wages: s t -at * references and experience. Address
WALThK METZ, Napa, Cal.
\* ' A NTK D^BOY FOR LAWYER'S OFFICE.
"' Answer in own handwriting, stating age and
residence. L. 8.. box 22, this oflice.
TRoNG~BoY ix BLACKSMITH SHOP. 956
Harrison st.
1 PENSIONS— J. H. BHEPARD & CO., THE OLD
reliable attorneys, 1068 Eait Sixteenth at.,
Oakland. Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THK CITY FOR B&COND-
haud shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make. *2 50
and $H: laill^s', Kirits' and children's iuislit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
/•in 1 1.1 v w WISHES TO
"X sl.are nice large sunny room; $5 per month.
Inquire room 4, 26V3) Kearny st.
<3j9n To ■*o""a~\\ ; eek to take orders
W*i\J for new family fireproof deposit case, tele-
phones and other electric goods; aluminum photo-
graph cases for monuments; aluminum sign letters
and numbers for stores, houses, hotels and ve-
hicles: collar and cuff polishers and many special-
ties. Write World Manufacturing Company, W7,
Columbus. Ohio.
(jtIAA PARTNER REQUIRED: 2018 MAR-
O UHI kit; good chance for the right man.
VST ANTED— -LBN AND WOMIN TO \\ORK
" at home; I pny $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented method: anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home In
spure time day or evening; send for particulars
am*, begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa.
\kl ANTED-AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
'» cry »t., clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues; no cl.an.-euiue.ss suc-
cessful; sulih: Superior and Justice Courts.
\r AN 1 XI)"- TKAMSTER , FAIiiUIANDS,
»' miners, butchers, salesmen, barbers, waiters,
cooks, canvassers: always openings; cull at once.
COLUMBIA. 128 Fourth st.
ARNESB-MAJC e"r"W ANTED; MUST HAVE
$60; amply secured with interest and fair
-ages paid. J. P. JOHNSTON <& CO., 872 Broad-
way, Oakland.
ARiiEKs— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL »KO
r«".arv Barbers' A aso.. 825 Ora.nt.aye. S. FUCH3.
HAUBERK ASSOCIATION OF CAU EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. llamann, 'JS«i 3 O'Farrell.
BRIGHT BOY WANTED IN KKAL BBTA i I
oflice: permanent place for good boy over ltt;
silary small at beginning. Address W, box 74,
Call Oflice.
VIBST-CLASS PREHSERON LADIES' SUITS
r and cloaks. DANNENBAUM, MUELLER <fe
KAHN, 723 Market st.
I J A KBKR^HOpToNE- I'H AIR SHOP, UN-
• » furnished; rent $6 month, Including electric
light. Western Hotel. Santa Rosa.
ELCHO HOUSK, 863 Vb MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c. 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $" week.
\\[ A NTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
»» Murine Corps, U. S. nay., able-bodied, un-
married men between the a«es of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persous who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will oe
accepted; this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
tho Recruiting office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
VIEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
•-' 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 80c;week,$l to %'l 50; reading-room strictest at-
tention to morning calls ;clean;qulet: open all night
JUbT OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
Pacific st., below Kenrny: lodging half price, 6c,
10c, 15c per night: clean beds, sunny rooms.
FISKSH EGOS, COFFEE, ETC, 10c; 3 EGGS,
chops, steak or ham, 10c. 635 Clay st.
CALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
half-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
VST HMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOIT
jJln's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
Wl N<• 1 1 EOT V. RBOC SE. 44THTRDHT.,NEAR
Market : 200 rooms. 26 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and bu«i;age to and from the ferry.
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; BOT-
■ tie win» or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
\\r anted"- men to" lkarn barber
"» trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
W A -VTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
" som« simple thing to pa;eni? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDKKiUKN & «O., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washlncton, D. C- for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
(KLERKS' AND~LA BORERS'' CLAIMS B'GHT-
J acts adjusted. RATTO's, 512 My, tel. m. 353.
UUURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
1 > Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, BW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
BKST IN~CITY— BINOI E ROOMS. 15. 20 AxND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 26. 81 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and I.<eic>sdorn! sts.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO »1 50
- _P*_ r wesl£ - Oriental, 22;"> Drumm sU
U* ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»' ern&cierks. KN OX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
BA RBERS~pKOTECTIVB UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary. CONRAD TKOELL. 657 Clay.
WHAT CHKER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
*» St.; 200 rooms; best In the city- single rooms
20 and 26c a night, f 1 a week; meals 10c
' HELP WANTED— Continued.
TVT A NTED— REKs' AND MECH A N ICS
' » to know that Ed Kolkiii, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J.« sts.; single famished mis 7Ac week, 15c night.
EN'S %-SOLING LADIES' 40c; DONE
while you walu 638 Market, opp. Palace HoteL
1 lift MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
1 • " ' and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St.. near Kearny.
\V r K ARK SHOE DOCTOR WE REPAIR
' » your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one- half the usual price: done while you walu
f>62 Mission St.. between First and Second sts.
\\ EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■>'• all grocers keep it.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOMK
1»1 nearly new. 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
JIREK BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOU 6c;
1 also a bottl eof lager, Be. at C 37 Clay st.
riIKY ACME HOUSE. 967 MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
*> \- -»efc; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: <-.hjiv nrniiT^ 86 Cl» lf st.
AGENTS WANTED.
oXicito^want^kdTx^every county
IO on Pacific Coast to sell "Lightning Scissors-
Sharpener"; send 25c for sample and terms. E.
C. SI OWE. box »41, San Jose. Cal.
GENTS' EXPERIENCE HAS PROVEN
that we have the only and best selling line of
novelties for hard times. ALUMINUM NOVELTY
CO., 110 Sutter sU
GENTS WANTED FOR A NEW PATENT
J"\_ article: good pay. 146 a Fifth st., rear.
A GENTS FOR THE "EARTH GIBfDLED." BY
-r\. De Witt Tal mage: eood pay. 1031 Market, r. D.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALL ON J. C.MUTHER, e^I^CALIFbRNIX,
if you want highest cash price for your furni-
ture, carpets, pianos or merchandise of any kind.
(SECOND-HAND FURNITURE WANTED TO
O fill country orders: I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
AMALONK PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to lilt country
orders. Leave orders at KINO'S. 3 Fourth »L
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise, see BURD, -11 Larkin.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
JJ send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Mark.-:.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• lure, naloons and merchandise: highest price.
SIAYJEK BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 11 MS Mnrk"t: tel. Jessie 761.
HOUSES AV ANTED.
Vl r ANTED- TJN F U BN7s^E3»""~IioUSE~SUIT'-
»' able for lodging-house; from 20 to SO rooms:
mu«t be reasonable and in pood condition. Ad-
dress Responsible. L. 11., box 102. Call Ollice.
R0.031S WANTED.
\y ANTED— 2 OR 3 FUIt^siIEirROOJrSFOR
'» housekeeping; In private American family:
rent must be low. Address W. N., box 88, Call.
WANTED-GENTLEMAN WANTS SUITE
"» of 3 rooms: central; sunny: one good sizod ;
grate: use of piano; bath accessible; slate terms.
Address A. B. C. box 45. Call Office.
BOARDING WANTED.
T\r ANTED— BOARD AND LODGING FOR
>> man and two children; must be reasonable.
A. box 7. Call Office.
. PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— EXTRA CHOU^uI??MPROVErj
Pacific Heights lots, 2 or more, suitable for
building, in exchange for $12,000, nearly new
marine-view residence. Address P. D., box 114,
Call Office^
"ANTED — A SMALL ORCHARD HOME,
»» with everything complete. Address, with full
particulars, terms, etc.. G. H. F.. box 23. call.
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
TTtXnTED^A iNiTfuN D~N A 1 lOnXl
" cash register: state price- B. C. , box 75, Cull.
HIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
IV ANTED— NATIONAL CASH REGISTER;
'* must be a total-adder and In good condition.
Address W. N., box 66, this office.
ANTED — SECOND - HAND NATIONAL
"' cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 10ff, this office.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
t~ elrT 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth si.: Fend postaL
CLAIRVOYANTS.
"V " '" "'" " " ~— A ' "'"
J.Y 60 cts and $I—so and I—so cts and SI.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWKR."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN UK VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their reading* astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
mntters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness. • speculation. Investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property. Interpret dreams, cure Dad
habits and destroy evil Influences in h»lf the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In san Fraucisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to BP. M. Sundays 2 to 6p. M.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market st.
DO NOT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. M. L
Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium: he gives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go and wnat to do to be successful,
reunites tie separated and causes a speedy mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy St.; hours 9to 9.
T>ROF. AND MME. HALE, OCCULT BCIBN-
X tlst. clairvoyant, palmistry. 315 Ellis St., 9 to 9;
also Sunday.
/CLAIRVOYANT— LADIES ONLY; FEE 25&
\J 41 Minna, basement.
YRA, THE WORLD'S RENOWNED INDE-
pendent slate-wrltingmedlum: known through-
out Europe and America as the mystic wonder:
if deceived by fakirs come to Syra; have you
trouble? do you need advice? Syra tells just what
you want to know; mediums developed; hours,
10 a. m. to sp. m. 10081/3 Market st., parlors 1
and 2.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, curd- reader, born with a double veil and
second sight: ladles SOc, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
■Ixl. past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard St.
ME. EX"DIUS, CLAIRVOYANT, RE~
moved to 1003 Mission st., near corner Sixth.
VI ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
I'JL tips on races; names given; -5 ■ up. 6 Fourth.
MRS. ALLEN, TEST <fc BUSINESS MEDIUM,
mental <fc magnetic healer, 620 Market, r. 20.
PROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST.. N 6TH ;
wonderful power: gives advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc. : tells of
your friends' and enemies' business; confidential
letters with stamp answered; 9 to 8: also Sunday.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee '^5 cents. 914 O'Farrell -t.
GIPSY LltE-READER; LADIES, 26c;
gents, 50c; readings dally except Sun. 6 7tn.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
lure, 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
"\l ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
i\v the world; 60c and $1. shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
■\,l ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
-I'l erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ET URN El 1, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
A I ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
■LM- erby egg* and cards; tells entire life, paat,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted, names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake itn-
posslhlg; fee 31; letter ,*•_'. 9.9 Postal., nr. Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM. .
"Vf RB. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BUSI-
i"l ness medium: sitting* daily ; $1; circles Tv
day evening, 25 cents. 136 Oak st.
A RLE, INDEPENDENT slate-writer;
330 Ellis St., has returned from Los Angeles.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
: ranee medium: silting* $1. 218 Stockton <tv
LOST. ~~ —— -
TOLEN— i)ARK-BAYSTUD: 3 YEARS OLb'
one hind foot white, with saddle and bridle
Return to Potrero aye., bet. Fifteenth and Six-
teenth sts.: $5 reward; no questions asked; SUL-
LIVAN.
OBT — UMBRELLA: SILVER HANDLE-
monogram J. M. P.; reward. 318 California
St., room 16-
SPITZ DOG— RETURN TO 5341 A JESSIE ST •
receive reward. . .
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of CHRISTIAN SORENSON, No.
1961146. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNI\
Savings and Loan Society of San Fraucisco in
the name of CYRUS D. HOYT: No. 71-105. The
finder will please return to bank. . ;...•■; ,
LOST- A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco in
the name of LAURA MULLINS, No. 207674
The finder will please return to bank. ■'
. ; ._.- _ - FOUND. - -
/S A." B/ BADGE— APPLY^m TWELFTH
\A • st. ■ A, ZXHN",
TYPEWRITERS. ~~~
■yOST, $30; CALIGRAPH, *25: BEND FOR
X «ample work. SCOTT <& BASNAN, 333 Monty
BUSl^s^ CHANCES.
<J£QF;O WANTED — PARTNER: PAYING
'ip*JU\f. coffee saloon and chophouse: No. 1 lo-
cation; established 5 years.; prefers partner to
hired help; rare chance. BARRETT & SKIFF,
921 Market St.
*5{9()() FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
1,,, horse, wagon: rooms; dally receipts
8.10: rent $12; snap. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market st. .
i <K9'"\o BEST CORNER CIGAR-STAND IN
I p-iO\J . city. BARRETT <fe SKIFF, 921 Mar-
ket
LEGANT GROCERY WITH TWO TEAMS:
well established bu loess; tine location; Inves-
I tigate this rare chance, this flue pi cc T. LUBEL-
j SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
j on hand. T.LUBELSKf, 7 City Hall avenue.
OZ.fi FOR HA LF~TNT REST GOOD,
»Tp»J«JV.'. paying meat market; best part of city.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall ;ive.
RANCH BAKERY. CONFECTIONERY AND
-T> notions, with laundry office; line location: op-
posite carbouse: rent cheap: good business; don't
fail to see this rare chance. 7 City Hall aye.
ALOON ON GOOD STREET DOING GOOD
business: two rooms In rear; lame yard; stable
in. connection; must be sold; going away; rent $16.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 city Hall aye. -
Q-i f\i\ BAKERY TIT BRICK OVEN, ALL
: JJIUU. fixtures with oven; locality fine: cheap
i rent: you will never net a bakery like this lor
twice the amount; investigate this snap at once.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
XJ OTICE— PA R TIES WISHING TOSELLRES-
XI taurants, cigur-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 'Jo' l 2 Kearny st.
Q.QCA BUTCHER SHOP! OLD ESTAB-
<jpG«JU. lished; 2 horses, wagon, cart; low rent:
a great bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
CfcrPvA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
rJpcWU. very central: 2 li vine-rooms: owner had
place 9 years. JOHNSTON, 26Va Kearny st.
CjOnA OLD-ESTABLISHED BAKERY—
»TpOUU. Good store trade and wagon route; bak-
ing 2 bbls daily. JOHNSTON, 261/2 Kearny st.
'\\rOOD AND COAL YARD" HORSES*
»' wagons, large stock, building; will sell at a
sacrifice; make offer. Apply -6V2 Kearny.
ANDY-STORE ON MARKET ST.; CHEAP.
). Apply 26V2 Keaniy St., room 4.
TF YOU WANT A BARGAIN IN ANY KIND
J- of business In the city or country call and see
MEEKS & CO., 865 Marke: St. .
ORNER GROCERY AND BAR; CENTRAL;
V. mnke offer: going to Europe June 1; bargain.
LYNCH & BERRY, 935 Market st.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR; BARGAIN
\J to-day. HEGARTY. 1004 Market at.
Qjt^.rrrv partner wanted in cash
•IT— O\' . business guaranteed to clear $15 per
week; no night or Sunday work: experience not
reauired. Business Exchange, 777 Market st.
<jj«l ?L(\ EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
»4p-LtJV/. stand; clearing $80 per month; sold
on account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205
Larkin st.
lYTparties wishing to sell OR buy
A places of business try CM V BUSINESS
AGENCY, 866*6 Market St.
* SNAP FOR THE RIGHT PARTY; SA-
J\. loon and restaurant, house Included; 7 years'
ground lease. 743 Eighth aye., 1 block north of
the museum and new music stand, G. G. Park.
NY PERSON OF BUSINESS WITH $500
can realize a fortune; honorable business;
positive proof furnished. Address B. C, box 16,Ca1l
E-TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE: FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a. consumptive.
Call or address 3281 Mission.
T7<OR SALE— BAKERY, notion AND dky-
.T goods store; 4 living-rooms: fine location on
corner. Apply Post and Baker sts.
/1 REAT OPPORTUNITY— SSOOO WILL PUR-
VX chase retiring manager's interest, worth
$10,000. and secure permanent position on salary
1 in one of the greatest dividend-paying businesses
of the century: not a mine: serious illness com-
pels sacrifice: none but competent men with cash
considered. Address chronos. box 67, Call Ofll cc.
ALF INTEREST IN WHOLESALE AND
retail liquor business; amount required
$2500 to $3000: also leasehold, goodwill, fixtures
1 and furniture of a hotel doing good business-
I amount required $1200. For particulars address
I. L. L., Santa Rosa.
ROCERY STORE with a GOOD as-
VJ sorted stock doing a large family trade. This
j is a fine opportunity to get. lino a good paying
business. Particulars of J. B. MIHAN, 509
Kearny st.
STABLI-HED MANUFACTURING BUSl-
ness recently incorporated offers active Inter-
est stock for sale; fine oppori unity to extend
trade: fullest Investigation; references given and
required: principals only. Address lock box 194,
san Jose, cal.
\4 T ANTED— REFINED ELDERLY GENTLE-
" man with some capital to join lady in a good
business: references exchanged. Address for one
week Widow, box 49, Call Office. .
i\{. 10 CASH— S9OO ON EASY TERMS:
%g)\J*'\J house of 7 rooms; lot 150x206; suitable
for chicken ranch: barns, stables, chicken-houses.
artesian well, flower garden; lot all fenced in.
Apply J. M. MCCARTNEY, 22y 2 Geary st., or
Saratoga aye. and San Learnt ro road.
Qji .'A RESTAURANT; GOOD BUSINESS;
»^PI.»'V/. value in sight: selling on account of
sickness; bargain. 107 Sixth st.
lS 400 VARIETY-STORE: NEAR LARGE
•?1"V. school: 2 rooms; well stocked. Ad-
dress A., box 83. Call Office.
pOALYARD FOR SALE; BEST BARGAIN
V ever offered; ho ses, wagons, etc.; long lease:
house-rent free. Apply Call Office.
GHftXn BLACKSMITH, HORSESHOEING
Kpxuu\J. business; clears $125 month; corner-'
shop* tools: stock; party going East. Owner, box
5. Call Office, Oakland.
(ffijQT^ COAL AND WOOD YARD: GOOD
«ipo I O. business: must sell at once; engine and
boiler worth the money given. Call 810 Sixth.
PA Y ING M E ATMARKETFOR KENT: STOCK
and few things to buy. 209 San Pablo aye
Oakland. 1 • '
<C«7X CORNER SALOON AND FIXTURES-
<Tp *O. rent $20. 865 Bryant st.
DESIRABLE CORNER STORE, WITH 3
large rooms, or. Eighteenth and Capp •
Inducements to right parties.
TO LEASE-IN FIELD, SANTA CLARA
County. Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $"5
Apply c. DUCKKR or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
PARTY WHO HAS FROM $10,000 TO $20 000
X to invest in a business enterprise in this city
now doing a large wholesale business can investi-
gate and meet the owner by calling at room 165.
Crocker building; none but principals need apply.
"I ADY OR GENTLEMAN OF GOOD APPEAR!
XJance: small capital required. Call or address
14 McAllister st., room 40.
■U AKERY FOR SALE; ON ACCOUNT OF OLD
I Office!,™^ ° nly: flrst - class condition. Ap-
\l ARTINtZ HOTEL -TO RENT, UNFUR-
o^er 3 .' 8^ W^Sffel: Al" 01 "' * BOOd
T ADY WANTS PARTNER IN MANUK\C-
' M nro r Sr.° f p , a i5 nt eate-latch: small investment;
profits. Address L., box 69, Call Office.
♦S7OO *;°, R SALE - STEAM LAUNDRY', ■
foV «ViMn'» 5 * ooU c . Mh business: good reason
Sl5O »^ ITNKR . ANT ED-SOB KR, RE-
rfnt A P Wy a a b tlo n 6 a > l}ls a s U old - €StabllShea
Q E TIK MAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ lady of means. W capital. 12 Mason st" rm. 2
G'^'aV Sta^?? 88 MAN M * ITH SMAXL OAF
some estahl?1 S J°K l ' UrchaBe °" pl » li * Interest in
answer x^, bl K Ul '^ : no sa!oon men need
answer. Address L, hox^ 64, Call Office.
; 8700 >( , )H LE-CiROCERY AND BAR;
no ODDositfnn Prent: 3 'nK-r"oms and stable
Office. : a rare °PP««unity. Inquire Call :
F«orV- W? ! FlS S T - CLASS DELICACIES •
in* wife' » b hi 00 * 110 !" 5 ROOd business; cause sell-
ing, wife has become invalid.. Apply Call Office.
$IHS S V H L P? SE - COR. BATTERY AND !
3 acco^n^7 1AI i IjOU sITop. 204 POWELL, ON
HnmboVdt. W«n sicknp3s - For particulars call at •
Htimboldt Hall, comer Powell and Ellis sts.
g_gg__r_s!____:sx^:u. ataB yoE BT -
_j_jL___gjgj;my B :g jg^ , nt; do
B A ca,? ( ,v 1N I^ OljI »TAiiLISHED CIGAR.
Kate Berke cv toSS - ore: opposite university
road- ran iton | un . ctlon 1 >" - avoßue electric
road, cars stop in ront of store. Apply on prem-
S)100SSi r ll -l IALK1 ALK INTEREST IN BEST
tion: call and V, ness the clt no comi eti "
»un. can and investigate. 617 Jones, near Geary.
Bosa. °^aARD, 218 Fourth st., Santa
ket' if. DLeKfc -R or F. PRITCHARDVI2 Mar-
! J*'toi k^K2l lifu *»i«»H»o-TH« -gran:
BUSINESS CHANCES- Continued.
BLACKSMITH. WAGON AND REPAIR
shop; will sell cheap. DECKER, 1020 Market.
Ifion~~ BARGAINS SEE LISTI
I \j\ f\ t candy store for .sale $ 400
Saloon, good, for sale ,'.'.' 35,)
Grocery store for sale '" 4001)
Meat market for sale .". '' ; :.o^%
Coffee saloon forsale " \ loin)
Restaurant for sale .'.'.'.'. 650
Shoe sore, country town, for sale ... "*".
Apply to H. C. DECKKR, 1020 Market.' opp. sth.
CITY NEWSPAPER FOR SALE— DKVO TFIJ
/to the residents of the Mission .lis; rict present
owner has made it pay, though very slck;Vood op-
portunity to increase Income. Address T F rt
box b2, thisollice: or apply atthis ollice for part ic-
TF YOU HAVE ANYTHIN(; TO SKI I — nFv
Xor exchange call on us: there is no equal' to our
quick sales: never heard of it, ana ,v. alw H vJ i°?.l
'Fourth".'. Jer9: C ° me " Once - Columbia, 128
WANTED- YOU TO " II - p y,  , r ßna r< L- -
» with us; will sell it ,„ 3 days or treat •» 3
bnyg.torsilldnd.oi bosln^ 0 ' ffinhMS
STOCK OF POULTRY FOR « A LE '" Waq-pT
land. E. IIILL, 34 Donohoe hniYrt"^ r OA K '
77.LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; > \ICF 1 r ip . »,-
X I and in good order: always lUuatvon 1,. 1 r * N •
322 Pacllicst., basement. '^^ unhand. J. 8.,
pORNER SALOON AND LoTnTINI^ToTTF-
\J 11 rooms; bustne-is part of city „,,'.» V X:
conducting business for 12 ars- no r^l V .l*, T
offer iefused; reason family trouW.'.J H"*?
Sacramento st. *u'i)i> lvi
pOOD PAYING CYCLERY; GOODIvuTiTnT
VJ best location. W. C > NE, 324 Post «i Ls :
I,ODGIN6-HOr9E3 FOB sai.k
WE HAVE L^DGTNG^H^U^Eir^ISr^TTT
'» parts of city at all sizes and prices from ai^n
to $4000. Don't fail to cull as we can place vn»
MEEKS & CO.. 865V 2 Market at. P 10U -
HOOMI Nl.-HOUSK. OPP. BALDWIN
fZiKJOKJ. Hotel; 37 rooms: partly furnished-
must be sold tmmedlat tly; account of slckßns«
must leave city. MEEKS & CO.. 865% M ar w e *
©i|7X ROOMING-HOUSE OF 15 Rooms"
'~y>l*J. finely furnished; centrally loca*"<i*
permanent roomers. MEEKS & CO., K6si, -\f «V
ket st. ••* Br
1 C ROOMS; FINE CORNER ITsJi
X «JlO-room house, worth »1000; price 40J
40 rooms: fine for transient " 701
20 rooms on Fourth st., only ' go 1
36 rooms on Taylor st .* ......~ 75)
45 rooms on Market st •j'iOJ
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., dp'pos'fte Flftii.
IP YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODcT-
X ing-house, See T. LUBBLSKI, 7City Hall aye.
M ROOMS; ALL RENTED; STEADY ROOM"!
-»-"3" ers; bargain if sold a; once. S.. box 113, Call.
Ovl ROOM HOUSE WORTH 92000: O\VN~EI4
±--± sick; $600 will buy DECKER, 1020 Market
LODGING-HOUSE; MUST BE SOLD ON A&
XJ count of leaving city: clearing $35 a month- Jl
price $250. Address C. box 3. Call Otlice.
\\' ELL- FURNISHED, GOOD 57-ROOM LODG-
»' ing-hOUBe; good location. 613 Mission st.
BOARDING AND LODGING HOUSE FOR
sale; near city front; will be sold cheat) In-
quire at 39 Pacific st.
riLL SELL YOUR. LODGING-HOUSE IN"
2 days or treat, Columbia, 123 Fourth st.
I ■'OR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE*
-T 22 Sacramento St., containing 40 rooms; well
lighted: gas; water: improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished and In order for immediate pos-
session; this hotel is especially adapted for a
boarding-house; convenient to railroad depot, foot
of Market St.: established 3 years; reasons for sell,
ing, owner retiring from business. Apply to owner
on premises.
9Q WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OR-
— (^ gan: low rent; a bargain. 40 sixth st.
1 FURNITURE FOB SALE.
ftirwin 50-ROO M"TuVTKTT3n ; rA^UNION >
(JJIyUU. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
r-ROOM FLAT, FURNISHED; DOWN TOWN;
O low rent; dressmakers location; bargain. B
box 1, Call.
TWO ROOMS TO LET; FURNITURE FOR
sale cheap. 10 Julia St., upstairs.
GOOD ROOMING-HOUSE; 13 KOOMS; BATH;
?25. 47 Tehama st.
VOR SALE— FURNITURE OF 2 ROOMS AND
X! kitchen, wood, coal, etc. 275 Clara st.
<JJ I If I 4 ROOMS; ALL NEW FURNITURE;
<p 1 \>\J. at 27 Moss St., near Seventh.
"nUKXITURE OF 7 ROOMS FOR SALE
-C cheap; must be sold. 338 olden Gate aye.
* T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
-TV lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings.
7711 RE SALE • ~
X: Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets , , $i* 51
Bed lounges 8 O'J
Stoves „ 75j
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
at tin peryard " ij
Till our new building Is erected .these* prices will
Mann. Till such time we are conducting busmen
at si:, corner Seventh and iliasiou bis. J
NOON AN.
Al\i\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, iuT
stoves, $5: parlor sets, 820: foldinsr-li<Mi,
$10; b»d- onngea. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY if a 4th.
4" ROOMS FL RNIT URE, NEW .57?
tr Bedlounges trimmed with plush .'ss .1 1
Brussels Carpet, laid ."45c up
English Linoleum, laid 400 up
Window shades In 5 colors . " 250 us
SHIREK & BHIREK. 'Market *bu.'* opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores.
CAKPKT tLKANINO.
GREAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET C LEA N^
_. ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth su B. Grant.
TONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
•J renovating works. Main otlice 25 and 27 Bth.
C CARPETS CLEANED, 3C A YARD; LAID 3&
I Tel. Jessie 944. straTTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
' " poor worK send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama su : tel. So. 40.
rtONKLIN'S CARPET FKATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
CIITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
) ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 25a
p REAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJ ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: tel.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
• 14th st. ; Cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REX-
. ovattne works. 4. r> Stevenson: t«l. south 228 L
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
UORSEPOVVER GAS cm GASOLINE!
O engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st.
INGER. IMPROVED. HIGH ARM; $10.'
0 2437 Mission St., near Twen ty-lirsu
FFICK OUTFIT— MIMEOGRAPH, DESK,
letter-press. Webster's unabridged, 25 yards
carpet, chairs, etc. Address O. 0., box 140. Call.
/-> 1 1 1 : A BICYCLE— '94 Till I . N1 X ; $20. 1613
\J Pacific aye., near Polk st.
11EAUTIFUL JERSEY COW; PEDIGREE."
13 912 Francisco st., nr. Larkin.
ING SEWING MACHINE $10; DOMES-"
tic $20. 1559 Market St.; day and evening.
1 UMBER CHEAP; PINE AND REDWOOD.
J J Inquire at Tabernacle, Oakland.
JEUHORNS, WHITfi, BROWxTxD buff,
Jsl each; fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Alameda.
I^OR SALE— AI FAMILY COW; CALF ONE
JD day old. 304 Shotwell st.
-youNG spitz Fogs for sale. 103
X Hayes st.
p OOD YOUNG MILKIKG GOATS FOR SALE»
I I 320 Laidley s;.. between Miguel or Thirtr-
third and Mateo or Thirty-fourth. Take San
Francisco and San Mateo cars.
pREAT BARGAIN IN A BURGLAR-PROOP
vJT safe, with or without Sargent time lock. 42
Main street.
T.-'OH SALE-BICYCLK. 1893 PATTERN; AL."
X most new, with lantern, bell, etc.: $60; com-
plete. Apply 2213 Fill more St., from 4toBp. m.
IPORSALE CHEAP — 85-HORSEPOWER EN^
' g.ne, boiler, shafting, pulleys, etc W. E. LEE,
Twenty-fourth sU and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
POMPLETE SECOND-HAND OUTFIT OP
\J tinner's tools ;and machines; cheap. Box 129,
Napa, Cal.
OR SALE— UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
register: price $25. J. I-., box 64. Call Office.
TTOR SALE— CASH REGISTER; USED
17 10 days; price $25. S. C. box 65. Call Office.
PluM -class SECOND-HAND WASHING-"
1: ton hand press; alsoeigftth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office.
ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EN*.
O ginea; various sizes: guaranteed perfect order 1
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call.
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES»
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
OILERS,ENGLNES.2D-HANDMACHINERY,
waterpipes Mclntosh it Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI- '
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
tit. California Raltau Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER. SASHES
lJ doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZH
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market st.
IMRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-'
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
VTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1\ hand. A. S. RAY Mfc Co.. 12 California st.
OUNTEUS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and «old 1121% Market bet. 7taanddtl»
PHYSICIANS. )
"o^M^rv^ES^DßrcrcT^DON N r ELL r TO 1208
It Market st. : diseases 01 woman a specialty.
"TVON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment!
the wont cases treated. satisfactorily by mail.CITY KEAL ESTATE.
Ci H. UJIBoEX & CO. ~ ~" ~™
r.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Office ani salesrooms, 14 Montgomery st. near
Market.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
We will offer at auction, by order of executors
to-morrow (Monday). .lay 25, 1896. at 12 o'clock
noon, at our salesrooms, buildingat66o Bryant st
be:, fourth and Fifth, and leasehold, which has
aiTaiee"' 6 years yet to run. Further particulars
a: i fllco.
SEE OUR I). OF IMPORTANT REAL ESTATE
AUCTION IN ANOTHER COLUMN.
IMPROVED PROPERTIES JUST RECEIVED
" ■ AT PRIVATE SALE.
NICE HOME ON STKiNER *T
ft^^Pin NEARLY NEW BAY-WINDOW
«j Ok)O\J. cottage of 7 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc.; stone walks; street accepted:
-', 100; near Sutler st.
BOYCE-?TREET LOTS.
< '">"Sn KA CH— VERY CHEAP: 2 LOTS, 25x
vywuo; ready to build on; street work done
complete; near Geary-st cable.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS-MARINE VIEW.
Si] '-> 7^(l CORNER ON JACKSON ST.:
'. 1 •). f OKt. 137:6x127:8«/4; 50-vara lot; com-
mands unobstructed marine view.
COSY COTTAGE. NEAR VALENCIA ST.
fls9fi7^ bay-window cottage of 4
S l>j y •"• rooms, etc.: 25x114; only half a
block from Valencia st.
Bargain ON 15TII ST.. near MARKET.
St 1OO( i 3-story house; could BE
' IVMM7. converted into 6 fiats at an expense
ot about $2000 ana made to pay from $80 to $90
per month: street accepted by the city; lot 30.\
115: present mortgage of $3000 at 7 percent can
remain it desired; this is a snap for somebody.
(•BESS STREKT: MARINE VIEW. -
Q9l 9»X LOT 25:10x187:6: N. LINE; COM-
%P-*X— O. niands marine view; bargain.
RESIDENCE OPP. ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH.
<yi)|)|j OBOVE ST.; SUBSTANTIAL 2-
• >'v»\'. story basement and attic house of 8
rooms and bath: brick foundation: stone walks.
•tc, and lot; street accepted by the city.
OCEAN VIEW LOT: BARGAIN.
*<"'".n SAGAMORE ST.; HALF A BLOCK
•-•'<'<-'• from electric cars; 46:8x125; this is a
pickup.
GRAND BARGAIN.
"< ' ! ~\( ! "' COTTAGE*; ONE OF 6 ROOMS,
t., .)r )\l\ 1 . store and 3 rooms and one of several
rooms: stable, etc.; improvements alone worth
the money: 50x114; part of lot vacant; on the line
of the Mission-street cars.
3 ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Qll ~t\t\ BEN! $92 60; 3 MODERN
<i?XX.uyjyj. flats of 7 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation, etc. ; lot 25x100; Broderick st;
well looted ; this is really a good Investment.
FORECLOSURE: MUST BE SOLD.
I>OST-BT. INVESTMENT: SUBSTANTIAL
-I- flats: renting tor $134 per month: lot 75x137:6:
part of lot vacant: no reasonable offer will be re-
tused above the nior.gage; see this at once.
WHOLESALE DISTRICT: BUSINESS Coß-
ni-:k.
0:1 in OHO 137:6x91:8; SUBSTANTIAL
• Ll».l/UU. brick improvements; renting
for $5400 per annum.
NEAR INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.
CiTOO LARGE LOT, 80x237, ONLY %
O * v/U. block from Guerrero-at electric cars;
level.
COTTAGE ON HOWARD STREET.
0 Uifin COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS AND
OdtUUU. bath, and lot 30x86.
RICHMOND FLATS.
SOf\(\f\ RENT $45 PER MONTH: 4 NEW
O •"-'"■'*■'• flats of 4 rooms each: brick founda
lion," etc; built only 9 months: 25x100; there is
not a better paying investment of its kind in the
city.
LARGE LOT IN FLINT TRACT.
...--(i FLINT ST.. NEAR SIXTEENTH
t^yjoyj. and Castro, on easy terms.
ELEGANT PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
< "i'WM \ WASHINGTON STREET; GRAND
c).)m'. marine views; 60x102:8; this is a
bargain.
FLATS ON POST ST.; VEIIY CHEAP.
<""(»n POST ST., NR. SCOTT; 2 FLATS
OOUUU. and lot 25x70.
DEVISADERO ST.
< i*>".|| BUSINESS LOCATION, COTTAGE
(JP !_«>". and lot 25x80: could be convene!
lutos-.ore property at little expense: high base-
ment.
FORECLOSURE: must BE sot.D.
ffl*97oO KENT $ 6 PER MONTH; SEVER-
-0 _<<"'. al flats: 25x80: Gilbert s;., near Bry-
ant; street accepted. __
REAL COSY Hi HE.
Ci '_> 1 fJO A NICE BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
' O I UVJ. (if 5 rooms and bath: laundry, etc.;
\\W\\. finished basement; street accepted; bay
wludows; 25x90; 01 c of the best locations in the
Western Addition; the owner Jorced to sell; very
Cheap.
BUSINESS CORNER IN THE MISSION.
QXA, (A NO REASONABLE i FFER WILL
,_ iHi •\J . be refused: 2-story ho.ise: store and
fiat: brick foundation: t>ay windows: 25x104: In
good business locality: owner desirous of going to
bis ranch: this property positively must be sole
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records,
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
1 arts of the city.
XV ILL' X FISHER & CO., REAL ESTATE
«» A«e:its ani General Auctione rs. Rente col-
lected. tio>ises rented, insurance placed, properties
cared for.
14 POST STREET. •
RICHMOND.
Qf\rf\ A SNAP; 25x120: 7THAVE.. NEAR
tsUti\'. Point Lobos: sewered.
Q 1 000 LOTS .-(OxlOO; CLEMENT ST.,
n"iW. near 11th aye.; grand view; Sutro
road; severed.
WESTERN ADDITION.
J;rQ"n RE aRK .-.1.V CHEAP; MeAL-
C- Oi)\J. list.-r, near ; II more; 25x100.
Qj>i '.(\i'\ 25x137:6; SACRAMENTO, NEAR
'_ — O\J\J . Devlsad ro; icust be sold.
MISSION.
Q 1 -> nn 25x114; IBTII ST., NEAR NOE;
OI— UU. make an oner.
Q9 !70 ONLY 3 LEFT; FOLSOM ST., BET.
C— -■- •U. 24th and SeSth; the grand boulevard.
IMPROVED.
099^0 COTTAGE; 20TH ST., NR. DIA-
O-- — ')\J. mond: $250 down.
s; .;-||n ELEGANT NEW 5-BOOM COT-
' — <JUU. time; sth aye., near i'oint Lobos:
*500<Jo»-n: make an offer.
C"^.O'/| HEBsiKR, STB. JACKSON: LOT
\?OZ.t)\f. 25x100; substantial 6-room house;
Jo: worth the money.
&(•• (in KLEGA NT 9-BOOM RESIDENCE;
OU:l/U. lot 30x100; vicinity California and
Leavenworth.
<<:<;">< I - NEW FINELY BUILT FLATS;
CUU«JU. Baker, nr. Washington; rent $57 60;
anxious to sell.
<' (Win VALTKJO. NR. OCTAVIA: NEW
•'\J\J\J. modern house of 9 rooms: see It.
<"' 1 000 LARGE. MAGNIFICENT cor-
*J?*J~t.*jyjyj. ner residence; Franklin st.; lot
68:9x137:6 with an L; would be cheap at. $40,000.
Houses and lots for sale in all parts of the city.
.Call for lists.
WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Postal.
<£•(?! i(U\ CLAY SO".. NEAR POWELL: FINE
'S'\J y 'yjyj. almost new bay-window honse; 3
flats; modern improvements; rent $600 per an-
num: lot 26:6x75.
$3000— California st.: business corner: Rich-
mond: new building: fine grocery store; barroom
and 4 rooms attached : 3^:6x100; rare oppor. unity
fur grocery man as well as for investment
$-900— bhipiey st. near sih; front and rear
house: rent*3o; v /5x75; sacrifice.
*30u0-Rialey st, near Market; splendid new
cottage; 6 rooms and bath; modirn; 25*114;
$2000 mortgage German s. and L. society.
S9OO— Diamond St., near 21st: 60a 125; $650
mortgage tun remain; forced sale.
L. OE.STERHIECHER, 630 Market St., opposite
the Palace.
C-10-A WATER LOT. 45:10x137:6, NEAR
•.. I -v". spear and Howard; rent $40 per
month; nothing cheaper in this locality.
. •3760— shot well st, near 24th: 3 flats nearly
new; 4, 4, 6 rooms; rent $38 per month; street
bitumlnlzed and stone sidewalk; large lot.
J. W. WRIGHT <fc Co., 6*B Market st,
CHEAP; HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
Berkeley; near station: near good schools.
$476— Lot 3«)xl3j: $50 down. $5 monthly.
$'JtO— Lot 25x180: *5 down, $5 monthly.
$550— Lot 50x120;. sewered; $25 down, $10
monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery St.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS! ~
•Point Lobos, CliiT House. 41st and 43d ayes.:
choice lots on electric-car line; trand view.
GOKELOT; 550 lee; main frontages; Point Lo-
bos, Cliff House, 42d and 43d avenues.
$5000— D St.: business corner: nr. cars.
«6OOlots 3i:d a\e, at Sutro's electric-car house.
Bernai Heights, •■m Map.
Bargains on Biegel, Wayne. Butler and Banks sts.
Cortland, Crescent, San Bruno and i owhattau
avenues.
0. H. REYNOLDS 4 CO.,
323 Montgomery st.
H\(U\ CHEAPCORNEK: STANK AN ST.:
O"i^''"« 60xl0f.
$6000— Washington, near Baker: 50x102.
$3250— C0r. Third aye. an.l Clement; 57x99.
*49-»o— Belvedere, near Waller; easy terms;
75x95.
$1900— Frederick, near Clayton: 25x103.
Tremont aye., north Frederick; 25x80.
ENGLISH & MORRISsEY. 6^B Market st.
"L>OR SALE— 2-STORY HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS
-T and ban and stable; 1005 Treat aye.. near
Twenty-third; small caib payment down, balance
in Installments Ap-ily 27 i 2 folsom st
C«l A PAYMENTS WILL BUY CHOICE CITY
O-i-U building lots; 25x120 feet; all graded; can
commence building when $26 or $50 paid; deed
when $150 or $200 paid* title perfect or no sale:
only great bargains offered; before purchasing
unve money. See J. T. HARRIS, 632 Market st,,
room b.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON ~~& BURKE, REAL ESTATE
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
Q1 9 000 magnificent BUSINESS
! <J!1 — .V/l/W. corner on Fillmore st., 29:6x100.
entirely covered with substantial improvements;
large store; linn-class location for grocery.
C HOICK CALIFORXIA-ST. HOME, SUNNY
\J side, near Steiner: 2 frontages: term* easy;
will take lot in part payment: owner leaving city.
VAN NESS AVENUE, CLOSE TO MARKET
» street: an elegant business corner; paying a
large income.
%^ 100 80*72; CORNER POLK AND LOM-
»3TO1UI». bard; reduced from $6000. MADI-
SON & BURKE.
HtJl^ 000 WASHINGTON. sk. CORNER
iJi.LO.yJ\.iyJ. Maple: 92x114:9: store and I-
story building; grand view.
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT:
X. V rooms and bath; all modern conveniences:
25x137:6; only $7250. MADISON & BURKE.
i QftPvOH WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVISA-
t&yjO\J\I. dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tor}'; lot 25x127:8. MADISON & BURKE.
QMFiOO EVERETT, BET. 3D AND 4TH ;
4 nice-flats: rents $56; lot 37:6x80.
' C^OMO BAKER, NEAR SUTTER: 2
I tZ)O\J\J\J. flats; rents $38; lot 25x72:6.
I <SfiOOO PAGE, NEAR BRODERICK: RESI-
K^yjyjyjyj. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
87:6. MADISON <fc BURKE.
© -"^nnA 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
«3)c>UUU. Ridley: rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON <fc BURKE.
Qiß'^nn CLEMENT, NR. 3D AYE.: DOU-
(tinUciJUv/. ble cottage and 2-story house, pro-
ducing large income: lot 50x100.
' C& 1 A A A J*U SS. NE A R FOLSOM ; 2 HOUSES,
«Jp I UUVJ. 50x100: well rented for $63 per
month : part of lot still vacant
4>l QAO HILL, NEAR CHURCH; NICE
J.OUU. home; 25x114; cottage, 4 rooms.
iJ»Qr/-k/\ LARGE INCOME: SHIPLEY, NR.
«J)ZOUU. eth; 2 flats: lot 25x75.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$15.000-Cipp and 19th; corner: 125x122:6.
6tixl9o; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages: will sell
In subdivisions.
$4500— NE. cor. Vlcksburg; 50*114.
$4000—65x117 :6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$2700— Broderick. near Busn; E. side: 30x103,
with tank and stable.
$3500- Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
f24(»)— Custro. cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 26x100.
$2050- Ridley, near Scott: 25x117:6.
$201)0 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderick ; re-
duce d from $3000.
$1800— near 18th: 25x110.
$'J 100— Mission st .opposite ion land ay.; 26x84.
$K J M i— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6: part cash.
$1800— 19 th, near Sanchez: 1:5x114.
000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114.
MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market st
A. H. Lissak. O. F. VOX RIIKIX.
OF. YON RHEIN & CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street
$16,000— Larkln. near California: 40:6x87:6; 3
story bay-window house, containing basement
stores and flats, with rear houses; rents $139.
Sls.oCo— McAllister, near Buchanan; 53:9.x
137:6; 2 flats, store and coal yard: rents $105.
- . ixiO— Page, near Gough, to Rose aye.: 27:8 x
120; 2 flats in front and 2 in rear; rents $76.
$5000— Leavenworth and Lombard: 40x97:6;
new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath ; cash
$1000: balance at purchaser's convenience.
*1 1.000— Page, near Octavla; 27x120 to Lily
aye. ; 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths: rents
$60.
$10,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6; fine resi-
dence. 12 rooms and bath.
$9000— Jones, near Greenwich: 40x137:6: 4 new
bay-window flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bain each;
rents $95.
$9000— 1st. near narrison; 68:9x137:6; resi-
d- >■ in front: 3 cottages in rear; rents $72.
$8000— Howard, near 23d: 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
$8000— Kolsoiu, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house: 20 rooms; rents $55.
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot ;
22xtih:9: 2 flats: 10 rooms: rents $30.
$7000— Jessie, near 4th; 26x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
$7000— Chestnut, near Dupont; 49x122:6 to
Pfeiffer: double 2-story house on each frontage:
rents $64; will sell either frontage.
$7000— Oak. near L««runa: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story nouse, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 50.
$6500— Mason, near Post: 18x55; 2-story honse:
7 rooms and bath : rents $31 60.
$6600— Mission, ntar 24th: 21:6x117:6 to an
I alley: store and flat above.
; $6000— Vh lejo. near Sansome; 36x67:6; 4-story
tenements; rents $57.
$5500— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60: brand
new cottage; all modern Improvements; 6 rooms
and hath.
$5200— Vallejo, near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6:
two i ront and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $46.
$tOJti— San Jose em . near 24th St.; 27x175; 8
rooms mid Lath: fine ground*.
$5000- near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 3-
story residence; 10 rooms.
$4500-Broderick and Clay; 27:6x100: 2-story
bouse: 6 rooms and bath.
$4-^oo— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6; cottage, 6
rooms and bath.
$3500— Bartlett, near 26 h; .25x75; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath.
$.■4600— and Lombard; 68x84; private
residence..
$3350— Vallejo and San Antonio, near Kearny;
19:6x57:6: 8-story flats: rents $25.
$3300— Lurk in. bet. Filbert and Greenwich: 2-
story house; 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 60; easy
i terms: 2-j:Hx99.
I *3000— Pacific, near Hyde: 20x73; 2 flats; rents
$26.
$2500 — Le Roy place, near Sacramento st.; 22:4
I B:9: 2-story house, 2 fla:<, 10 rooms: rents $^0.
$2400— Keunebec, near Jefferson; .*>ox7o; t.ift
Map No. 2; 2 cottages: 9 roum-taivl bath; rents 2.
$1750— Fairmount Tract; Arlington, near Mi-
guel: 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms.
$.6<)o— Moulton, near Montgomery and Green;
22:6x62:0: 2-story house; 2 fluts; rents $18.
$1400— Telegraph place, near Kearuy: 17:2x46:
2-story brick buiiuii g; 7 rooms: rent $16.
$1350 — Lincoln, near Jones; 22x70; cottage, 6
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
75: one 2-story and 2 co:tages. .
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-st railroad station: 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
5 lots on Dolores.
$1675-23<land Kansas: 25x100.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th; 50x75.
«— « lay, m;ar Baker: 25x105.
$1900-25 th. near Noe; 60x114; will subdivide.
$1600— staiiyan. near Graltan; 26x80, increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye. ; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 50x260 through
toKllen.
$1000— Edl:h or Church place, near Dupont st. ;
20x65 to rear street.
$900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
tine road.
$500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sia; 50x100: will subdivide.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th; 100x100.
Twenty-seventh, near N>; 160x140.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
\|CAI;EE BROTHERS,
IU. REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSINESS INVESTMENTS.
Three pieces of good business property within
one block and two blocks north of Market st.;
prices $42,500. $110,000 nd $176,000; these prop-
erties are in the choicest business and income-pro-
ducing portion of the city, with a good present
and an assured future; Investors are Invited
to Inspect these properties.
WE WANT
A WESTERN ADDITION LOT
Or residence in exchange for Oakland coming
business property; Improved: unincu inhered;
within 4 short blocks of the City Hall; valued at
$7500; some mortgage would be assumed.
WE WANT
A SANTA CLARA COUNTY HOME,
With orchard preferred. In exchange for one of the
pretties homes In rkeler, with grand view of
the whole bay and surroundings: with ev«ry mod-
ern convenience and large lot. stable, etc.: valued
at $14,000; without incumbrancc. •«»««*
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
■VTO "NO CLAIM" TO OUR PROPERTY; ALL
li lots owned or sold by us clear of the "Noe
claim." JAMEfj P. MCCARTHY, E. AVERY
MCCARTHY.
HIE MCCARTHY COMPANY. 64H Market st.
T?ASY TERMS: HOUSES AND CO AGES IN
J j all parts of the city.
DAVID STERN A SONS, 20 Montgomery st.
<n»7F;n COR. TRUMBULL & CONGDON
<3D * OKI. sts.; large lot, 60x160: 3 fronts; very
Bo'NfilQp'inest"- itOB£RT J " ****** *
BUILDING LOTH, CHEAP.
BUILDING LOTS, CHEAP.
NO CASH REQUIRED,
,„ 1. ... NO CASH REQUIRED
If you will build on the lots at once; lots from
$700 to $3000 each: In the northwest of city. For
description and particulars apply to ROBERT J
MERCER & ON. 410 Pine st *»**"■* -.
. NEW fROOM BAY-WINDOW
■ Oyjyj. cottage: monthly payments; same as
rent; call to-day at 3900 Missions!. C. F. BROWN.
Q. 4 ->00( \ A FINE l ORNER LOT AND TWO-
«2>«->UW/. story house near Broadway, Oakland,
very central, for sale or exchange. Address 2405
Butter St.. San Francisco.
CjftOOO LOT ON HOWARD ST., NR. BTH,
<pOUUU. with store and 16 rooms. Apply
1035 Valencia st. ■ -.-.'-•.;■■..-./
YirilY PAY RENT? "
» • When you can buy cheap on easy terms'one of
the finest nouses of 8 and 10 rooms in the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole st, near Waller: all
modern improvements; street to he bitumiuized :
large lots, '^sxl'J6. Owner on premises.
OR SALE CHEAP— 6 ROOMS, BATH,
large cellar, garden. 2439 Larkln st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
Baldwin & HAMMOND,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
10 Montgomery street
©ft~AA REDUCED PRICE: HOWARD BT., i
tJPUUUU. nearlBtn; 2-story residence, 8 rooms !
and bath; make an offer.
Cll O^\ > COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS. ON DAME
i?l\Ja '. st., near Randall: lot 25x120; easy
terms.
C;li 000 MAKE AN OFFER; RENT
(jJIt.vUU. $1440 per annum: McAllister st. i
bet. Pierce and Scott: 4 modern flats, 6 and 7 i
rooms each.
<2t19 000 A BIG BARGAIN; DEVlBA-
tFl±*.\'yjl'. dero st, bet. Fane and Haight:
fine 2-story residence of 10 rooms and bath; stable
in rear; lot 52x137:6.
Ql i 000 uKvr *1260 per year : '
*S) X X .\J\J\J . splendid investment on Nob Hill; |
fine modern flats; always rented; lot 36x137:6: \
cable-cars pass the property.
< %il9 io G R K-VT BARGAIN: RENT. $660
tp^X<--<jyj. per year: 2 stores and 10-room flat-
Union st., near Ociavla; large lot
QfiT^O WALNUT ST., BET. WASHING-
VpyJ I fjyj. ton and Jackson; now 2-story house. '
9 rooms and bath; lot 27:8x137:6.
§fi9^o O'FARRELL-ST. CORNER, NEAR
V^— *J\J. Devlsadero; 4 flats; rent $64; lot
x6O; both streets bitumlnlzed.
•ftft^nn I7TH ST - CLOSE TO MARKET
(JJiUiJUU. and Castro: elegant flats: con $6250
to build; 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; extra large lot ; |
must be seen to be appreciated.
fflfft^nn A BIG BARGAIN: FINE 2-STORY j
iZ>yjv\jyj. house. 9 rooms: all modern conven-
iences: on Hayes st, nr. Devlsadero; lot 25x137:6.
CfcT^nn HAVES ST., BET. LYON AND
<iP ' (JUU. Lott: 3 bay-window flats. 6, 7 and 8
rooms; large lot; rented very low for $63.
UNIMPROVED.
18100 PER FRONT FOOT; VERY CHEAP;
•IP 1 \'\J Fulton St., near Stelner; half block from
Alamo square; 6^:6x137:6; will subdivide; street
bitumlnlzed.
<£ F^OOO VERY cheap CORNER; HAVES
*U>fjyj\J\J. and Clayton; 50x103:6.
<^nn CHEAPEST LOT IN THE MlS-
i&xyjyjyj. slon; 21st, near Folsom; 25x110.
fflJ'A^n 20THAVE., NEAR POINT LOBOS;
tj)OOyj. 25x120.
©XAA VERY CHEAP; NORTH SIDE OF
i£)U\Jyj. Point Lobos aye., bet 27th and 28th
sts.; 25x100.
<2»q9X 27TH AYE.. NEAR SUTRO ELEC-
%p»>— O. trie road, on Clement st.; 2 lots, each
25x137; $26 cash, $10 per mouth.
$1600. 11TU AYE., NEAR POINTLOBOS; |
<3>-LUUU. 60x100.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
T OTS ON NINTH AVENUE. "
LOTS ON TENTH AVENUE.
LOTS ON H STREET.
LOTS ON I STUKKI.
$50 CASH,
$10 MONTHLY.
Go out to-day and see this block, facing the
Park-st, the 9th-av c . entrance (south side): has
just been graded: sidewalks laid in front of every
lot: gas and water pipes to property; streets on j
official grade; prices range from
$750 TO $1100,
anil they are the b« s: lots In the city at the prices,
either for Investment or as a home site.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montg mery st
S7nn EACH.
CS I \J\J $50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
11TH AYE.. 12TH AYE.
We are selling lots on 11th and 12th ayes., bet '
Lake and California sts., for $700— 550 cash and I
$10 monthly— and selling them very fast, too:
there are no other lots in the neighborhood so low
In price; the street* are all graded, sewered and !
macadamized; water pipes laid; ready to build on;
lake Setter or California st. cars to-day and see '
them. BALDWIN & HAMM»ND,
10 Montgomery st. j
BARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS! "
If you are looking for a home lot we advise
you to see those we areofferlne in the Castro-
street Addition at $360 to $400. with the
street work done. including grading, sewer-
Ing and macadamizing.
TERMS— S6 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Take the <iueriero-street electric cars (Mis-
sion and Valencia trammer at Fourteenth),
ride to Chenery and Castro sts.; ourag-nt
there to show properly and give full particu-
lars; take Hie ri ie to-day; it only takes 30
minutes from th? city Hail; c »rs pass the
property. BALDWIN 4 Ha. MM
10 Montgomery st
<Btfi^OO PAYS OWNER 11 PER CENT
*ipyj*jyjyj. per annum; Fillmore St., nr. Halgbt-
-4 modern flats: in Ji c condition; if you are look-
ing for a good Investment at a bargain here is a
chance; investigate.
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
pACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
AT A SACRIFICE.
Webster st., one block from cable and electric
cars; contains 8 rooms and bath; in tine condition -
mairnltlcent in trine View; worth $8000, will sell
for $5000 and maybe less.
■ 'FARKKI.L & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
-TVEVISADERO ST.: BUSINESS PROPERTY-
\J best part of the street; well improved and i
rented: extra large frontage; always occupied; a
first-class and staple investment.
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery si.
PAGE ST.. 3 BLOCKS FROM MARKET-
I elegant building lot; 2 frontages: very sunny;
$3600, and worth $4500: street accepted: fine
view.
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
\ NOTHER BARGAIN.
If yon are looking for a cheap home of 7 rooms
and bath, near Golden Gate Park, we have a big
bargain on Kultou St., near Devisadero. Do not
fall o see; street btumlrized; close to 3 different
car lines; ori.y ?3900.
O'FARRELL <fc CO., 11 Montgomery st.
DO YOU WANT
A LOT AT TOUR OWN PRICE?
If so go to-lay and see the 100 beautiful building
sites we will sell at auction .Monday evening. May
•-5, at 7:30 o'clock at our sa'esrocm. 11 Montcom-
rry St.; al level and roart? to build on: terms
most l.beral: $10 on fall of hammer and $10 a i
month; YOU MAKE THE PRICE; take MlMlon-
st. electric cars; ride :o Francis St.; you will find '
our oranch office an I representative, OBORGE A
TURNER; office open every day in the week in- i
eluding Sunday, from 9:30 a. m.' till 6 p. m
O'FARRELL & CO.. Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st.
AT THE SALESROOM OF O'FARRELL &
Co., 11 Montgomery st.,
Monday evening. May 26. at 7:30 o'clock, we will
sell at auction a list of beautiful lots
100 OF THEM— EACH.
All level and ready to build on; but 28 minutes'
ride from the City Hall; wlthont doubt the finest
low-priced lots on tne market; as to price, we
leave that to you— 'You mate the prii p." Terms—
$10 on the fall of the hammer, balance flu a
month.
It will cost you but Be to visit this super! offer-
Ing, and If you want a lot for home site or Invest-
ment yon will look no farther: no sand; no moun-
tains: no rocks; no swamps.
To visit this property take Misslon-st. electric
cars, ask the conductor to »top at Francis St.: you
wl 1 there find our branch office and representa-
tive, GEORGE A. TURNER, who will show you
over the property and furnish any further infor-
mation. O'FARRELL & CO., Auctioneers.
*31 COTTAGE, 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
'jpOXOyj. Just built; plastered basement: con-
crete walks in front and rear; decorated through-
out and ■ uperior to any before built in the Mission-
s36o cash i.nd $30 per month; on Twenty-fourth-
street c.< ctrlc line. 4249, near Douglas si.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR BARGAINS?
THEN LOOK AT THESE.
$2100— Rents $36; large lot and 2 houses on
Shipley st., near Sixth; must be sold; lo: alone is
worth $3000.
$3300— Rents $40; 2 houses of 2 flats each, con-
taining 18 room choice corner: always occupied-
owner paid $48<>0 for this, only four years ago-
this Is very cheap: terms to suit. If your means'
are limited don't fail to see these. H. MURPHY
628 Market st. '_ '
Q7^OO ON BEAUTIFUL ASHBURY
•;*) < OyjyJ. Heights; 'handsome, substantial
houses, Just completed; only one left; contains
finished basement, billiard-room, salon parlors
ti rge dining-room, sunny breakfast-room, kitchen'
three b-orooms. two finished moms In attic—
beautifully decorated: has hot-air furnace, steel
range wl h ventilating hood, Incandescent elec-
tric fixtures— fact, everything up to date; Ash-
bury st, nr. Frederick. J. STIEKLEN, Builder
on premises. ( *
fit O 100 KKW BAY-WINDOW HOUSE-
♦IT^iIUU. lot 25 by 100: bargain. Address J
F., Call Branch Office, 116 Ninth st. '
Q«9QAf\ CHE \ HOM ON 25TH ST., NR,
<D\JyJ. Folsom; 7 rooms and bath.
$1600— Large corner lot in Richmond; must be
sold on account of foreclosure.
McKWEN BitOS., 118 Montgomery st
BROADWAY, NR. GOUOH; 6 ROOMsTbaTH*
25x133; cheap.
Golden ' -ate aye., nr. Laguna St.; 6 rooms, bath-
-27:6x120.
2225 Florida St.; 7 rooms: 26x100.
Sacramento st, nr. Devlsadero; cottage, 6 rooms
bath; 23x132:6. '
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
$2260— C0r. Castro and Jersey sts.: 30x70
$850— Mi-sion st., nr. Brazil; 25x83:6.
$H0 -30 h st, nr. Sanchez; 36x125.
26th st, nr. Dolores: 60x114.
$300— Bos« orth st. nr. Mission road: 26x60.
$300— Laid. ey st, nr. Roauoke: 26x100.
Cor. 20th and Hiiimon l sts.; 11<,'x125.
Cheap lots in all the homesteads.
W. 11. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BUSINESS PROPERTY
ON DE VISA DERO ST.
ALWAYS RENTED.
©n AAH A STORK A D 3 ROOMS AND
«3) Li.UV/t'. two handsome flat* of 7 and 9
rooms and bath, nearly new and in first -class con-
dition; pays *10&0 annum: lot i'6xJo(( feeu
EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO..
638 Market street.
VINE PROPERTY. RE&IDENCK
X A SIHSTANI lAL RESIDENCE.
M i si BE SOLD.
Qfi^AA A WELL-BUILT MOUSE OF 10
<ipUO\JU. rcoms and bath on the north side of
Pacific aye., nr Polk st : lot -6:3x100 feet.
KASION, ELDRIDGE it CO..
638 Market street.
N ELEGANT CORNER.
■I FURTHER IMPROVED
WILL PAY BIG.
n t.-y f\ NW. COR. BDTTEB AND BAKER;
nrO.L«jU. lot 42:3x87:6; present Improvements
a 10-rcom house; could be remodeled into sore
and flats; reduced for immediate sale from $7500.
EASTON, ELDRIDOK & CO.,
638 Market st.
BIG VALUE. CHOICE HOME.
CHOICE HOMK.
. IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
©££AA a FINE 2-STORY RESIDENCE
CiJiJUU, of 8 rooms and bath on N. side of
Grove si., near Buchanan; lot 25x137:6; recently
reduced from $6500: must be sold.
EAS'ION, ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 Market St.
INVESTMENTS.
CHOICE PROPERTIES.
ALL BARGAINS.
<B»f:r:AA 2 fine flats OF 5 and 6
rJPcMUU. rooms and bath on Shotwell St., nr.
l4!h; nearly new. In good condition; pays over
$600 per annum: lot 26x120 feet.
CM AAA NORTHEAST COR. OF UNION
tDTUUU. and Stclner sts.— A store and 4 rooms;
lot 37:6x62:6 feet.
QQQQ9 9-ROOM HOUSE, USED A 8 2
«u>OGO^. fiats, on 12th St., nr. Howard: cen-
trally located; street in Al condition; lot 21x87:6
feet.
©QAAA FINE TENEMENTS ON CLARA
tjPOl'UvJ. st, iir. 6th; paying $40 per month:
always rented; reduced from $4000; lot 23:11x80
feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
638 Market st.
riHOICELOTS. ~ TIME TO BUY.
\J SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$4500 -Pacific aye.. nr. Baker, 27:6x127:8.
$4200— -utter St., nr. Devisadero. 30:6x164.
$4000— NW. cor. Church and Army. 88x80.
$3600— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights,
50x1*7:8.
$3500- Wash ington.nr. Devisndoro. 30x127 :8Vi.
$3250— Vallejo St., nr., Lyon 51:6x137:6.
83000— Baker St.. nr. Oak, 25x96:10.
$2250— Anhbury st, nr. Fell, 25x112:6. «
$2100— lavt«n St., nr. Pace, 26x106:3.
$2000-Flimore st, nr. Fiibar., 25x100.
$1500-Corner 1 St., nr. Seventeenth aye., 67:6 x
100.
$1200— Chenery St., nr. Matoo, 50x100.
*110O— Lake st. nr. California, 25x102:6.
$1060— Second aye., nr. California st.. 25x120.
$800—1 St., ur. Twelfth aye., 25x100.
$750— Tenth aye , nr. California st, 25x120.
fiOO— Tweiitv-flfth aye., nr. IT. I.obo , 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st
OVER, TOY & SONNTAG, "
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND
AUCTIONEERS.
19 MONTGOMERY M., DEB LICK HOUSE.
©FiA'lA FLORIDA ST., NEAR 24TU; 4
«JpOUuU. flats; rents $43.
CjCSAA BEAVER ST., NEAR 16TH; 2
«JT«J«JUU. flats; rents $43: will exchange equity
for lot.
Q9QOO YORK ST.: COTTAGE OF S ROOMS
Ov'v". and bath; high basement ; easy terms.
QOKAEACH: LOTS 25x100: READY FOR
tZ*rjU\J building; near car; easy terms.
<s»£»r.nn NEAR PINK AND STEIIiER
.^1)?) M U. sis.; 2 flats; rents $51 50; street
work done.
©0000 uv#r be SOLD: MAKE OFFER:
. • ">\J\J. house of 11 rooms; lot 35x90; Mis-
sion st.
© OH AA RENTS $24; YORK ST.; 2 FLATS
t^)OyJyJ\J. of 5 rooms ana bath each.
$7nnn 14TIT ST - NEAR VALENCIA;
<£> t yiyjyj. large lot, 41:6x98; cottage 6 rooms,
bath, etc.
QQfinn RENTS $37 PER MONTH; 2
•JOUUU, flats and rear cottage; sth aye.
C-OJf|n GUERRERO ST., NEAR 16TH:
itfO^yJyJ. reins $300 per year; 2-story house of
8 rooms and bath.
i&IA 000 RENTS £4300 PER ANNUM: 2
t£i~iyj.\jyjyj corners; well Improved; short dis-
tance from Market st.
®Z.f!\ri MCALLISTER ST. — FLATS
t^O\JO\J. sunny elde; 32xl00;rents$516ayear.
Q9KOO I'KNIS $40 PER MONTH; 4
C-UVU. flats near Island Bran nan sts.
QOOAA MODERN 2-STORY HOUSE, 7
i]p*J'J\J\J . rooms, bath, etc.; bay view; near
cable.
For further particulars apply to
BOVEE, TOY A BOWMTAQ,
19 Montgomery st.
A TWENTIETH CENTURY HOME.
-"■ =
Something entirely different from the old styles:
new Ideas throughout: comfort, convenience and
beauty combined in every detail; natural wood
finish; bay view: sunny, high and healthy ex-
posure. Webster Bt., bet. Vallejo and Ureen; con-
venient to car lines.
Terms of sale enn be arranged on any reasonable
proposition. Prices moderate and within the reach
of any one looking for a home
BOVEE, TOY i 9ONNTAG, 19 Montgomery st.
JollN PFORR, 32» MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
t) safe Deposit, offers for sale:
Only $.100— Masonic aye, north of Frederick
St.: lot 26x106:8; all on the trade. ,
Rftluced to $12,50*1— Howard st, near 4th; 3-
itorv: -' stores and mo .is upstairs: lot KOxSO.
$8000— Pa«e St., near linker and tim Park;
m-arly new; X rooms: lot 27: x 137:6.
$6800— Kine corner, near Ellis and Webster;
-.'- -i r. : bay-window: lot 24x9'>: rent $40.
$•-'ooo— 3oth St.: 5 loom house: lot 25\125.
*7000— Kent $60: Kolsoro-M. boulevard; 3-story
house, store and 2 flats: lot 88x100.
$20,000— (5e«ry -st. corner: 9 stores and flats up-
stairs: lot 28*62; rents $140.
$4000— Mi 1 a st, near New Monttrnmorv; will
be » buMness !'1« c; h"iiseB iooms;lot 30x65.
$3000— Nutoina st; 2-story; 8 rooms: lot 25x70-
-rent $3».
$.8,500— A snap: the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th sts.: a block of 2-story bay-window
housos; 3 stores ami S flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
»i»th i»MCh: also 2 5-room cottages on 17th St.; lot
e5xlOO: rent $2280 per annum.
$37,000 -Splendm paying property on one of th«
builds* streets leading to the Park; paying $300
per month and will greatly Improve In value.
$3000— 7 th st.,n?ar Brnnnan; lot 25x75. with
improvements: renting at $30.
$2000—5 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th St.,
near Valencia.
$6800— Rent $85; lot 46:6x62:6; Jackson st.,
near Mason, with 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented.
UNIMPROVED.
$3200— Haight st., near Baker: 25 or 60 by 110.
$3100-' on Fillmore st.: 24x82.
H1260— 24th St.. near Dolores.
$HW)-Noe t»t.. near 30th; lot 36:6x76.
$3500— Lot 75x100 feel; cor. 19th and Eureka
sts. ; make offer.
MM I IS will tempt YOU! ~
$2500— Greatly reduced; worth $3500: extra
large corner; California st. and 6th aye. ; 60x120;
all sewered : look at this prominent corner to-day
and note the great fromaee on California st. ; 2 car-
lines pass.
»59.'iO— near Market: 50x103:6; partly
improved: rentsls: will subdivide or trade; grow-
ing location: $3500 cash. H. E. POEHLMAN,
415 Montgomery su
CjQ-:iv NEW 3 -ROOM COTTAGE, with
ij<'/O' '. level lot, near Mission an I 30th sts •
hard finished: lar/e basement; all modern-
terms, $100 down, $15 monthly.
\TKW BLOCK ON THE MARKET FRONTING
li the boulevard and park; lots $250 each ; $25
down, Jflo monthly; select one before they aroall
gone; 14 Mold last ween. JACOB HEYMAN
Room 6, Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
IF YOU ~~
HAVE NEVER VISITED THE
nEYMAN TRACT,
You don't want to delay any longer: the lots
are being offered at big bargains: terms. $50 down
and $10 monthly: all lots ready to build on: ii
takes but 15 minutes' ride; sine, work done;
Spring Valley water and gas; 150 Ioissold: 80
houses built; go out and select a lot: you will
never regret it: agents on the tract to show you
around: take Castro-street car to 23d st, or Mis-
sion-street car, transferring at 22d st.
JACOB HETMAN
Boom 6, Crocker buUd'nc, Post »nd Market his.
ON LY~$5OO CASH. BALA.nL>. as uk .. i •
new and handsomely decorated resilience near
Panhandle; every convenience: marine and park
view; the choicest of any: cannot be obstructed:
every room sunny. Apply on promise*, 2203 Ful-
ton st. ; take Hayes or McAllister st cars to the park.
EXCHANGE— SAN RAFAEL RESIDENCE; 8
rooms, etc.; accepted street; value $4000: ex-
change for city residence. J. R. ROCHE, San
Rafael. ' '- '
JJTTAi I DOUGLASS AND 21ST; LOT 25x
•IT i I/ I . 130, and Improvements; also 2 lots one
block from this, $375 each. Call WATSON. 865
Mission. ■ ■' ■
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans- J. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
SALE. CHEAP— 2-STORY houses-
Tlot 27:6x85; 7 rooms: bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller st., near Stanyan
half block from Golden Gate Park.
W. COR. FOLSOM AND 21ST STS.; 95x90
Oft; will subdivide: cheap for cash: also aw.
20th and Treat ay.; 26x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
"LOB SALE — ELEGANT 13-ROOM HOUSE,
r just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
CITY^ RK AL ESTATE. '
SHAINWALD, KUCKBKK & CO.. REAL ES-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$12.600— Northeast corner In Presidio Heights
olstrlc:; 2-story furnished basement and attic resi-
dence of 12 rooms and 2 bathrooms: fine marine
view; lot 27:6x127:8Vi feet.
$5500— t'or.ier Bush and Broderlck sts.; co:tage
of 8 rooms and bath; large lot. 34x100 feet; lot
alone, Is worth the price asked ; the la->t of a row of
4 cottages: the other 3 have all been sold within
the pus; month.
$5300— Price reduced from $6500: NW. cor. on
Sacramento st.; cosy cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
lot 27 :Bi,4xlO'jy 2 ieet: both streets paved and ac-
cepted; a barga n.
$11,000— Stan, an si., opposite Golden Gate Park:
beautiful, modern two-story residence of 9 large
room-, and bath; furnace; all modern conveniences:
I lot 2. x 106 :A feet.
$1600— items $634 per annum; price reduced
from $U500; very good improvements on street
close to Howard; lot 25x100 feet.
$3600— Florida. St.: price reduced: 2 modern
flats Of 5 rooms and beta; terms $1160 cash, bal-
ance on mortgage at 7 percent; lot 26x100.
$1800— Rents $17; has always rented for $20
per month; 2 good flats of 4 rooms each; lot 22:6 x
60: 4 Le Roy place, off Sacramento St., between
Jones and Leavenworth: this property must be
so d within the next few days regardless of price.
$810— Twcntv-first St., north line, near Hamp-
shire, Mission warm belt; lots 25x84 y».
$700 -Twenty-first St., near Hampshire; lot
25x70.
1 100— Lott st,, near Golden Gate aye.; 25x100;
cheap.
$600— Richmond lots: easy tern s: $50 cash, $10
monthly: Twentieth aye., near Clement; 25x120
feet each.
$550— Point Lobos lot 25x10J.
1250— Stevenson st., near 14th, sewered and
macadamized; 26x66 ft
$7500— Jackson near Buchanan ; residence of 8
rooms and but lot 30x117 to rearfst.; the owner
of this property is very anxious to get an offer as
the boose must be. sold within the next 30 .lays.
$2£oo— Rents $20 per mo. ; Bruce Place oft' Har-
rison, bet. 7 h and Sib sts.
$6500— SW. cor. on Webster St.; two story and
basement of 8 rooms; bath; stable, etc.; lot 24x
! 93:6; rents $40. -
1 $7500— Far reil st., near Jones, close to transfer
point; 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath; rents
¥36: lot 22:6x69.
$2600— Richmond cottage: W. line of Bth aye.,
near California St. ; almost new; 4 rooms and bath;
7-foot basement; lot 25x120.
$12,000— NE. corner on Webster St.: substantial
improvements; rents $1150 per annum; lot 37:6
xb-J.
$5000— Handsome modern cottage on Broderlck
St., near Washington; contains 6 rooms and bath;
lot - J5x87:6 feet.
$1750— Stevenson St., near 14th; 25x80 feet;
street sewered and macadamized.
$13,000-Cost over $17,000; rents $1440 per an-
num; 3 of the handsomest fiats in San Francisco;
contain 7 rooms and bath ; mortgage of $7500 can
remi'in.
$2100— Sunny side of Clay 6t., near Lyon; 25:5 x
90. or •_' lots at the same rale.
$40,000— -utter-si. investment; north side,
downtown: substantial Improvements; rented to
one tenant for $3000 per annum, net: mortgage,
$12,000 at lii; per cent can remain if desired.
$3500— Seymour between Scott and Devlsa-
dero and Turk and Golden « ate aye.; substantial
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath: street bitu-
men; sidewalk stone: lot 25x90; $1000 cash, bal-
ance In monthly payments of $20 if desired.
A FEW BARGAINS IN WESTERN ADDITION
LOTS.
$2500 each— 3 lots on Sacramento, near Lyon;
street work all done and accepted by the city; lots
25x1(2.
$2250— Lyou, near Clay: lot 25x112:5.
$1125— Five lots on Filbert, near Baker, one-
half block from the Union-street cars; terms $125
cash: lots 25x137:6 each.
$4000— Fora Western Addition 50-vara (137 :6x
137:6) SK. corner on Lyon.
The above is only a partial list. Wo will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
AM. SPECK & CO., 602 MARKET ST.:
• choice investments: choice investments.
<5?9?»A LOT 25x114 FT.. ON 27TH ST.;
<pZ.tJU. worth $600.
$400 XX>T 25x120 FT -» RICHMOND; ON
tilr.-.j» NEAT MODERN COTTAGE:
I \)*J\.f. near Market.
CVnOn FLATS AND REAR COTTAGE;
t^l^yjyjyj. near Leavenworth nt.
Q9AAA LOT 25x100 FT., ON OAK; PAN-
*Zi—\JVI\J. handle.
QO^nil - GOOD FLATS, NEAR 7TH AND
•-— •JU". Folsom.
Ci*-?00O 4 NICE FLATS; RENTS $33;
<pOUU\J. near 12th and Manket.
(i'jqnO FINEH .ME; VICINITY HAIGHT
*£)iJ*J\J\J . and Fillmore (foreclosure).
•*? JAAA 1 4-ROOM GOOD HOUSE AND LOT;
t£iyjyj\J. near 4th and Mission sts.; rents $40.
CjK^nfj CORNER; 2 II USES OK LEAV-
ijDOOyjyJ. enworth; lot 60x90 ft.
*<7 r \AA 6 FLATS; RENTS *72; WITHIN
0 ' O\J\J. Bight of Hibernia Bank.
Ql 0 000 COX - STOKE- AND FLATS;
O-LV.UUV. lot 40x80; rents $76: a grand buy.
St I V OHO CORNER (NEW), 6 FLATS;
C!l-.vUU. rents $116: all rent. l.
"< 1 *> AAA FLATS: LOt 40x60; WITHIN
J — .V'VFU. block of Orph-um.
*stl<t MOO BUSINESS PROPERTY; LOT
«55i. X.yjyjyj. 50xh0 ft.: good improvements;
within a block of Taylor and Market: rents $100
VI S 000 BUSINESS PROPERTY ON
CIO.UuU. Foisomsu; lot 60x80 feet; rents
$125. ' v ■
*< I") 000 CORNER LOT, CSxl37:6 FEET:
<iP r—v/Uu. all well improved (modern) ; rents
$350; offer wanted.
wanted for M arkPt-st. property, near Call Ofllce.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 602 Market St.
'> '_' (U \ SMALL AMOUNT DOWN, WILL
fjxStJOyjyj. buy a lovely 7-room cottage located
on E. side of Castro St., near 23d; lo: 25x105: fine-
ly decorated si aciuus rooms: stairs in front hall to
attic: porcelain tab: everything modern through-
out : $30 per month : don't fail to call and examine
It. 8. A. BORN, owner and builder. 4076 24lhfct.
<fci 900 h>>use of ' 4 rou^is; modern
«ir-l*.v/V/. improvements: 2 corner lots; one
minute from depot. Address P. BLAGROVE
oold n Bate, Berkeley.
OTS $1 SO —FR U it vale TERMINAL
tract: $6 mo. MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS-THREE NKW 12-ROOM
| I houses. 8847, 2849 and 2»51 Fill more St., S. of
Green: » 1 modern improvements- reception-hall,
; parlors, dining, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted
i and decorated: furnace heat; all rooms and closets
lighttd by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view; good investment.
SOL GETZ & BRO., ~
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
"VTEW BLOCKS, NEW LOTS,
J-> for homes or Investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains. .:. •
C-r- To $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
<P ••' boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ A BRO.
'-tnn $400. $450, $600 TO 100 —
i&oyjyj. Choicest lo.s in Richmond: near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds.
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit purchasers. SOL GETZ A
( Rinn TO $250-BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
"il> xyjyj Misslon-st. and electric-car lines: only
$10 down, $5 monthly. Mil, OBTZ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ A BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
pOR A HOME OR INVESTMENT.
The finest and most complete pair of flats for the
money; Just being finished; marble steps and all
the latest Improvements: put up by days' labor:
north side of Fell st., near Scott. Call on premises
or office of owner and builder, DAN EINSTEIN,
(530 Market st.
cTbemTjv ~ ~~
. keal ESTATE and land agent,
324 MONTGOMERY st.
FOR SALE.
$2600— sid" of stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— san Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet-
s67oo— soxl27:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and hay.
&6000— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 25x137:6 leei: electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed bouse on Harrison St..
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sta.
$300— Choice building, lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4ox3so, SW. cor. 19th aye. and
25th St.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and car-
riage-house; all in good condition; must be sold;
make offer. ,
A* ! AITY-LITTLE 12-ROoM PACIFIC
Heights home; $13,500: l~ cash; balance
$100 per month. Address S., box 62, Call Office.
iJtjQAnA FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT 6V
»DOUUV/. departure of owner— Fine residence
12 rooms; all modern improvements: in th» most
beautiful part of Berkeley; near the university ;
with 1 acre of improved grounds: superb view.
Inquire 410 Kearuy St., room 10. vy- ■ >
INE DISCOVERER WISHES A FIRM
partner to open a group of mines; $1500
will prepare the mines. for sale; $60,000 wi.l buy
half interest. Address c. L. s. . 530 Montgomery st.
TTARRISON ST., NEAR 231T; RENTS FOR
1 I $20: good house, 8 rooms, basement: con-
venient for 1 or 2 families: driveway outside; sta-
ble in rear; lot 26x110: $2600. 2627 Harrison st.
* 1 A^fi "ARE CHANCE FOR A HOME;
«jP-L"tJv/. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, 50x50. Holly Park: small payments, same as
rent. C \ DENASSO a CO.. 512 Mon gomery st.
STORAGE.
T^RTGE^moApllsTiNTH^crrTTi^iß&
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
I FURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
-T vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0R.204 Post.
H. R'OONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
■ red iced rates: basement storage, $1 50 per load
T OWEST RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
J■i household goods, etc J. M. fierce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
• low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
A PPLYFOR RATES OR STORING FURNI-
ix turc, etc. SHIREK <& SUIREK, 717 Market.
___tOCNTRT REAL ESTATE.
ryFARRELL~A~CO^
V/DAVID BUSH, COUNTRY DEPARTMENT,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
¥° n RKXT-FOR THE SUMMER MONTHS
or lon.-erif desired; handsomely furnished
house on Pacific ilel uts in this" city; com-
manainga fine marine view: 9 roo ins: mod-
en conveniences, including furnace; rent
reasonable to a good, careful tenant.
A ni.i,*!r. U -"AM.>o, li: i.y FUR-
rni ed 1O " ' of 7 """ s and bath: hot and
r«vm r: . s * ablin 2 ">r 3 horses with men's
I{^, m - Ip ?',? b b e: on lo - 100x150 in Santa
Rosa: rent $35 a month
A L8 rH -«°. R KKN ~' ACRES OF LAND WITH
hm«P lls " of 8 rooms: barn and chicken-
uhonf »;rannlng water an.l well and pump;
üboi.t laO bearing trnit trees: balance in
SononScEy" 11 *" land: rent $15 a month : at
A^h° O n,» I \«" — NICK FURNISHED
a finf. Mi of the beach and town of
a fine Mew of the beach and the town of
tl^vear' UZ; r( -'" * i<2ii tOT th " sejsou or for
CM A PER' ACRE-160 ACRES 10 MILKS
<P±U ra« of Redding. Shasta County; 50 «cres
creek bottom land, balance slightly rolling:
handsomely wooJed; all can be culUvated
• except 10 acres; house of 3 rooms, chicken-
houses, corral and barn; 400 bearing peach
tiees; 4000 cords of wood on this place; 3
wells of water: all tools go with the place;
o-i AMii exchange ior San Francisco property
$I^oo 'I"" r. ]6 ° ACRES IN SANTA
Ti ii lar a ( -ouuty.on county road from New
Almudento «.ilroy,on uvas Creek; a good
cabin on the place. b
$2500 I? 7 , ACIIES HUB ANGWIN'S
° r« ,* Hotel on , ilowell Mountain, Napa
County: 20 acres in bearing vineyard of wine
grapes, balance pasture and timber land;
water from well and pump; will exchange-
a bargain. " '
SPvAAS ACRE FOR 107 ACRES 4% MILES
*J\J eust of Visalia, Tulare County: 20 acres in
bearing apricots, prunes aud peaches; land all
level and fenced and cross-fenced; ditch
passes through the place; also wells and I
pumps: will exeha-me.
I(|AN ACRE: 240 ACRES 13,4 MILES
VP^-V from Lockford railroad station and 15 \
miles from Stockton: all level loam soil, and
all in grain; family orchard; house, burn and
outbuildings, windmill and tank; will ex-
change.
©O.nAA FOR 15 ACRES 4 MILES FROM
t3)OUUU Santa Rosa: all level land; hard-
finished house of 5 rooms with basement,
barn ana chicken-houses: family orchard;
balance in grain: will exchange.
©Q'jAA 10% ACRES NEAR SUNOL, ALA-
<JP*J<J\JVJ. meaa County: all out in apricots,
prunes and peaches, with fine improvements;
a beautiful and profitable suburban home;
will exchange.
<£',)( "-'- BUY 6V3 ACRES JUST
HP+~\jyj\J. outside town limits 01 san Mateo; 10
to 50 acres of as good vineyard and orchard
land as th. re is 1:1 Santa Clara Valley; only
]' 1 miles from Mountain View railroad sta-
tion; price on application.
OLIVE ORCHARD: 75 A'JRES NEAR GLEN
Ellen, Sonoma County, with 2600 olives, 1500
French prunes, 250 Mv r peaches and a fam-
ily orchard of 200 tie. s. ail In full bearing;
Balance of the land pasture and rolling: with
house, barn, man's house and chicken-houses;
fine water facilities: price $10,000: will ex-
change for San Francisco property.
"C"XCHAN .E FOR sa.n FRANCISCO PROP-
-LJ erty: a line orchard of 30 acres with fine im-
provements near Sebastopol, Sonoma County •
value $6000.
FOR SALE -FINE HOME ON TOM ALES
1 Bay; 5 minutes from postofflce, station and
schoolbouse; property comprises about 80 acres
first-class farm land; 8 fields, from 1 to 25 acres
each; house s.ories; stone cellar; 2 barns, 1
dairy-house, granary, woodshed and several
chicken-houses; abundant spring water; well
fenced; 33 fruit trees; county roads within 100
yards: N. P. C. R. R. skins the property; price
only $150 per acre, half cash, balanc • on mortgage.
For particulars apply to J.wMES RISCION'I,
Marshall, Marin County, Cal.
1 OCATED IN AL A M D A COUNTY —320
J-i acres of farming and grazing land; plenty of
wa:»rand timber: only $b per acre. Inquire 408
Twelfth St., Oakland, or 41 sixth st., S. i-.
iUl(\ 16%-ACRE RANCH, "iV» MILES
<£±\jy>\J from St. Helena: 14 acres choice
wine grapes: house, barn and family orchard.
$1000— -acre ranch, near Santa Kosa; 6-room
house: barn, fruit trees and vines. CHAS. COL-
-1 ON, 906 Market st.
Gil *.j)(k 160 ACRES; MILES i-ROM CAL-
i£)±\J\jyj. isto^a; 25 acres cleared ; fcOO French
prune and 200 apple tree-<, 2 years old; 3 acres in j
potatoes; balance In ha..; small house and barn.
For further information apply to E. R. t URSYTH,
827 Delaware st.. West Berkeley.
HOU RANCH FOR SALE-36 HEAD HOGS;
some breeding sows, horse, wagon; swill
route; good house: large lot ouiside city; all for
?250. Apply at 724% Natoma su
\\' ANTED— COUNTRY HOME ABOUT 10
»» acres within 2 hours of San Francisco in ex-
change tor 2 modern fiats, lot 45x114, located in
best residence portion ii San Francisco; price
$7500. Keplv C. 11., box 102. call.
LOR SALE— COZY HOME; 6 ROOMS: 4 LOTS
X (half acre >: tine place f r poultry or flowers:
$lbOO; half cash. WILLIAM LAMBERT. SI ill-
brae, ."San Muteo Co.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
XJ and ranch at Los Gatos for sale; furbishing!
Insured jor $5000: property of H. H. DvVl-
CH A ULI.S CULIO.N. ; <U6 Market st.
QlHOit 101 aci.es GOOD fkuit OR
<P L\l\J\t. p ra in land near S. P. K. It. - barguirr
us- sell. Address F. H. W., 1109 Van Ness aye.
0" RANGE LANDS. ~ ' ~~
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICEa
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OBANGE-BLOSS 'M COLONY.
OAK I) STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same lime a good Investment: It will cost
you unimproved $700, planted ami cultivated
$lioO; about $300 cash, bali.nce in five annual
payments; no interest; the trees planted on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the :our:h and fifth years will bo paying large re-
turns. •
We have tin experienced horticulturist In charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st., San Francisco.
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oak dale,
Cal.
A ACRES IN TOWN OF IRVINGTON, ALA
meda County; choice piece of warden land;
fronts on two streets: small house, barn, etc.: see
this If you want a first-class property at a bargain.
I H. H. CRANE, 410 Montgomery st.
l\C\i\ ACRE D A i R Y. HOG AND WOOD RANCH;
yjyjyj l . S. patent; IVi niiies from two stations. 3
from town: more than 200 acres cultivable; 40 ,
in hay; fair bouse, barn, etc.; 10 springs and two !
running streams of water; will cr.rrv 10. head of
stock and cut 8000 cords of cakwood: $9500; half
cash: a snap. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City, Cal.
©TO 00 LOWN BUYS 100 ACRES FINE
<ii- 1 «v" land, all In hay. near Hay wards : fare,
round trip, only 70 cents: cueapest property ever
offered; must be sold at once: price, $3000. I.
SCHARFF. 18 Post st.
/ MM NTRY LANDS-CHEAP; EASY TERMS;
V Fruit and chicken ranches. improved and unim-
proved, tor sale and exchange.
Town iots: business chances; send for list.
SHA v D<V BIBLE I . Novato, Mann County.
S. F. office— Room 3, second lloor. Mills building.
BIGGEST BARGAIN YET I READ THIS—
176 acres fine land, beautifully situated, close
to railroad town, Alameda County: several trains
daily; this land is practically level, an.l well situ-
ated for subdivision in 5 and 10-acre homes; has
abundance of water; $35 per acre buys it; don't
miss this opportunity: as an investment you can
double your money in a short time. H. H.
CRANE. 410 Montgomery st.
9 \(\~ FOR IMMEDIATE sale, block !
tp^yj\.tyj. of land containing 3 lots, 65x210
each, in town Alameda County and embracing 3
cottages, always rented: fruits, flowers: nice home;
good school perfect climate; cheap. H. H.
CR AN E, 410 Montgomery st.
STOCK-RANCH AN I) GENERAL FARM. ALA-
nicda County: 330 acres No. 1 grass land;
abundance water; fenced and Improvements:
s:ock. Implements, hay, etc; urice reduced to $l'o
per acre, Including lease 320 a. res adjoining, all
under good fence. H. H. CRANE.4IO Montgomery.
O ACRES, 5 MINUTES' WALK FROM DEPOT:
tv Simol, Alameda County: house, barn, etc.:
$1250. 11. H. CRANE. 410 Montgomery st.
A GOOD, OLD-FASHIONED NEW ENGLAND |
-tl. farm: 390 acres richest river bottom land ; all
under cultivation; 300 acres In wheat; 1 -4-crop goes
with sale; good house, 7 rooms, cellar; rrilk-
house; barns; chicken-honse; windmill; family
orchard: ornamental trees; beautiful grounds:
B. ock, tools, wagons go with place; price $40 per
acre and worth to-day $75: best value in State
JOHN T. all, Alameda, Cal.
I? OR RENT— I 2 ACRES OK LAND 3 MILES
x: N. of Petaluma; well improved. Address C
box 331. Petaluma, Cal. .
HY PAY PROFITS OUT FOR KENT
when you can cet a good business and a home
on these terms: $500 cash, balance *10 a month
interest 7 percent? Perfect title to 7 acres fruit'
vegetable and strawberry land: 150 fruit trees'
well, force-pump, - tank and horsepower- cow
horse, wagon, 170 laying hens, 26 pigs and garbage'
route for f'»ed; 4 room house, furnished; price
$2200. Address Manager, box 17'J, Gilroy, Santa
Clara County, Cal. -
4 A ACRES FINE LAND; HOUSE. BARN,
j:v orchard, vineyard, wood, water, health-
cheap. M.GRIFrTN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co., Cal.
LOR SALE— NICE PLACE FOR CHICKEN
I ranch, 14 acres; 180 fruit trees; house 9 rooms
and bath: price $2500; terms to suit. Address P.
O. box 76, Sonoma City. Cal.
CIOXTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
VJ send ior list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
MA"I.N COUNTY-5000 ACRES 20 MILKS
-Li- from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to «76 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle build
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. San Jose.
LITTLK HOMES CLOSB TO TOWN ; IM-
proved: easy terms; also 4. 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
CKjr. Inquire 633 Market st.. S. F.
COUNTRY KEAL ESTATE— Continued.
\ BAKi;.UN^^7n^T"F?Mr % 3ir^A^ :
-TV 160acrfs in Sonoma County for $100!} with
20 acres cleared: i acres In vineyard ani rchard
for family use: living stream of water; fine place
for chicken or stock ranch: terms one-naif cash
and balance on time.
9 1A ACRES OF LAND: SUITABLE FOR
'-"I" fruit, train and fine pasture: slightly roll-
ing; located four miles from railroad; 160 ready
for cultivation: all well fenced; plenty of water:
this land must he so d ad Is offered at $8 per
acre, half the price of I. *« than a year ago.
■ EDWIN K. Al'Sli & CO.,
Boom 29, second floor. MlllabnUdiug.
<£Q7 ."^A FER ACRE— 4SB ACRE FiNELY
>. — • ,*jyj located land; 4 miles from Menlo
Park and Stanford University; on main county
road: this Is without question one of the best bar-
gains in the State, considering the location and
nearness to San Francisco. Call fcr further parti-
culars, EDWIN K. ALSIP & Co.,
Room 29. second floor. Mills building.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
'_)A|iA ACRE STOCK RANCH, SONOMA
«'v" yj County, for good Oakland property: first-
class land $4 per acre. C. K. KIM;, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. . : ■>:
/ IHICK EN RANCH, 6^4 ACRES; $500 DOWN,
* $15 per month; near Oakland. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway. OaKianq, Cal.
HOUSE, FILBERT ST.. OAKLAND. LARGE
- lot, for less than building cost, for a business.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
RE AT bargain ; 7-room house; CA M
VJ bell st.: $1500. C. K. KINO, 902 Broadway,
Oakland, cal.
IJ RUPERT V FOR SALE AND RENT AT
■*- hard time prices. We have nicely furnished
houses and cottages for r?nt as low as $20: we
2fn c .'" cottages, flats and houses for rent at $7.
$10, $I'_, up; also choice residence and business
property for sale, both Improved and unimproved,
at 60 cents to 75 cents on the $1 of actual cost to
tlit- owners, who are now forced to sell. We are a
new firm with new property at new prices. We
will i.st your property at the usual terms and
guarantee due business methods to give you satis-
faction. We have many choice bargains. Secure
one of them while at low tide. Take Eighth-street
earai Broadway; will bring you right to our door.
}■. i. WK '-CH & "' W. cor Fifth aw. and
1-lghteenth st., East Oakland.
fTUVO-STORY HOUSE AND LOT IN GOOD LO-
-I- cation In Oakland; only 2 blocks from station;
house In first-class condl ton: p.umbing entirely
new; will sell on easy terms or exchange tor Im-
proved or unimprovd San Francisco property.
Address R. P.. box 20, Call Ofllce.
SI 000 ; "" M COTTAGE AND LOT. 33X
<it J-\J\J\f. 130, near Center station, and a bar-
gain. ALDEN & KRONEN BERG, 903 Broadway
Oakland.
\\T E HAVE $1000 A D ALSO $2500 AT 8 PKR
»» cent interest, and another iund at 7L' a per
cent interest, to loan on improved Oakland real
estate, if well located. HUGH M. CAMERON
Broker, 479 Ninth at.. Oakland.
LOOK! $100 : LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
■i no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
11. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
\ \ r ANTED— STOCK OF HARDWARE, ©BO-
"» ceries or other merchandise in exchange for
good house and lot. ALDEN A KRONENBERG,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
A TTENTION BUILDERS — PARTIES D&
-TV siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. A. II
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tioh; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvalo st»-
tion.
OAKLAND FURMSIIKI) HOUSES.
pOTTAGE, i^^OOMSVoOMPIIBTBLY HR-
\J nished for housekeeping: Twenty-third aye.,
East Oakland: bath; hot and cold water: all
modern conveniences: piano: nice garden; fruit
trees and chickens: electric cars pass the door;
convenient to local train for San Francisco: de-
Ughttul climate. Address M. E. ('., box 60, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA3IKDA KEAL ESTATE.
I-<OR SALE-
House x rooms and bath. Central eve.; house 4
rooms, '..rand st. cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, KLDRIDGE A CO..
638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
I OOK— s3so FOR LOTa HALF A BLOCK
J from Park st., Alameda, on installments: line
location. H. B. I'INNEY. 902 I roadway, Oakland.
COOnO 6-KOoM COTTAGE; $300 CASH
<iP — fjyjyj. and $2i> per month.
$2750— 5-room cottage; $250 cash and $25 per
month.
$ >000— 6-room house; $200 cash and $25 per
month.
If we have nothing on hand to suit, will hnlld to
order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEONARD
COMPANY. 1364 Park St., Alameda.
Q9^oo LOVELY NEW COTTAGE OF 6
i, -uUW.rooms; all improvements and street
work; easy terms. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St.,
Alameda.
"VJARCUSK & REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
-I'J and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
V 3OO— cash, $20 monthly; 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage: 5 rooms anil bath.
$2450-$25 cash, $22 60 monthly: 63x117; cot-
tare of '. rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
83000— No cash: $25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5- rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
I lot, $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 rooms, large lot, $1000 cash. THOS.
K. 1! \IRD. 1303 Park st. J
9-STORY HOUSE;~CENTRAL AYE. : MODERN
— Improvements; lot t'o.\l4B; fine well; $3650:
good terms.
$7500. reduced to Beautiful home; nearly
new; 10 rooms: lot 50x141; 80-foot avenue; street
work complete.
$1960— large 5-room cottage; Alameda aye.,
nc r Park st.
S7so— Lot 50x200: well located.
$650— Lo BOxlSO: we.l located.
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st., Alameda.
HOMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN the
reach of all ; rare chance io secure a home on.
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up; $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. It. DKNKE. real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh St.. Alameda.
\ SNAP- IF YOU WAN VTO SEE A PRETTY
-TV house look at the one just finished on Central
aye.. between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure if you wished to buy It will suit you, as It
is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY, 453 Ninth st., Oakland.
CO 7^A MODERN COTTAGE: 13 ROOMS
•3)1 I O\J. and bath; f 100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
$3600— NE. cor. : new;. rooms «nd bath: open
plumbing, etc. $250 cash. $30 a month. No. 73*,
33100— 5100 cash, $25 a month; fine 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 60b.
$5000— Elegant new house: 8 rooms: must be
sold: S5OO cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— Snap; $150 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
$3500— New modern 2-story: 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MoKKA I. & CO.. 1432 Park St.. Alamedw.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ALTA pinta TRACT, Tin; c.f.m of the
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from OaKland; 47 minutes
from san Francisco; lots 60x200 leet, from $80 to
$200: small deposit; easy installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HAIGIIT. 220 Sansomfst..San Francisco, Cal.
ALAMEOA HOUSES TO LET.
TO RENT— NKW COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS; ALL
modern improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth at., bet. Mastick and
Enclnal station. Alameda.
I . XXX i : I . X V BE A L ESTATE.
1 AAA SEND for photograph OF
V? ' v'v/". new modern cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; 1 block from Ashby station; 40- foot lot;
easy term-. M. L. WURTS, opposite D wight, way
station, Berkeley.
V i-i ■'• ; v n i , NEW. MODERN 5-ROOM COT-
JL-' tasie; 40x10j; $1400. F. BOEGLE, Golden
Gate station. • . ■ .;, ■-.; ■•■-•■:-.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
" JT ion easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BEJjtKEJLEY HOUSES.
IpOR RENT— FURNI&HED HOUSE^OF^OUR
' rooms and bath: $25. Apply GEORGE H.
STRICKER, 2132 Shattnck aye.
:]?OR RENT -CHOICEST LOCATION IN
r Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
finished; to first-class tenant long term. See CAP-
TAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
FOR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE; 6 ROOMS
and batb; piano; $30. 2014 Virginia St., near
Shattuck aye.. Berryman station.
•Til OR RENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
-I 1 12 rooms, Dwlght way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery; carriage- house, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
I)wlght-way station.
SEWING MACHINES.
f'"c UPWARD-" RENT $i~5O TO $1 75
O monthly; repairing 25c; bought and ex.
anged; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth st.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,"
xl. rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
1314
iiorsKS to t.t:t. I
TiTrCToJiSsioNra^ROOilS, BATH. $34: 726 H
_.tUO Bbotwell, 9 rooms, bath, $30; 701 Shot-__
well CO". Twenty-first. 10 rooms, bath, $30: 118!) ■
Valencia. S rooms, bath. $'J6: 17 Guerrero. ■
rooms, bath. $25: 929% Natonia, 6 rooms. SFlti-.^B
105 Diamond, cottage, t> rooms, bath, $15. W. H. ■_
CRIM CO.. 118 Montgomery at. H
A PPRKCIATED IF &KEN— MORRIS A YE., __
;\ oil Harrison St.. u'-ar sixth: sunny'i.ouse or . i ■
rooms: good order: $18: water tree: yard; <''':».■
4 PPKECIATED IK SEEN— B29 Vi SLTTE K, __
.iV near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker. M
>, -i i 37 KVEKETT ST.; 7 ROOMS; NEWLY I
t£) 14. paperea. ABUTON & GARDINEK, 411 ■
Jaonigomery st-
"OU.-E-4 LARGE ROOMS; YARD; KENT ■
ll slo. Apply 1523% Leuvenworth St.. bet. ■
Jackson and Pacific. - I
fjft/* D 810 LKAVEN WORTH. NEAR ■
O"U sutler— ll sunny rooms and bath; rent
$60 and $65. ■
1 * I O JONES— BAY-WINDOW MODERN
101— house of 7 rooms: large basement: yard:
fine marine view; half-block from Jackson cars.
<1 /* H YDE-HuCSK OF 7 ROOMS AND
Z IIO bath. Inquire a. 418.
QO I A TWENTY-SECOND, SK. DOLORKS-6
--4 nice sunny room.-: bath: very cheap ; $18 60.
OA MARY, NEAR FIFTH AND MISSION— 4
— .w nice sunny rooms: very cheap.
T> AY-WINDOW HOUSE; 10 ROOMS; SET
1> range; stationary washstands and tubs: large
yard: pleasant block. 643 Folsom, bet. Second
and Third.
4.ROAIN; $25: WHOLE HOUSE 8 ROOMS
13 and bath: large yard; sun all day. 522 Fell st.,
near Buchanan.
HOUSE; 3 ROOMS.'HALL, yard; RENT $9.
H 138 Hickory aye.
497 FELL — HOUSE: 6 ROOMS: BATH,
101 yard, cellar. Apply 601 Hayes st.
nil SUITER-VERY CHOICE: ELEGANT;
ill spacious; reasonable.
"V'OB HILL OPPOSITE STANFORD'S; KENT
J.V reduced; 7 and 8 sunny rooms: $42 50 and
$40. Apply BURNHAM A MARSH CO., 628
Market St. ■
if ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY- FRONT
I and rear yards; on a pretty street, fronting pri-
vate park: newly painted, clean and attractive;
$30. DEW IKK, 36 Glen Park aye.
~~ «(J HOWARD-LODGING-HOUSE 6~R
O itJ ho.el: 35 rooms; store, 2 rooms; $75.
CONVENIENT HOUSE; 5 ROOMS. 24 MOSS
V- st., off Howard, near Seventh.
C*'->M HOUSE 8 ROOMS, RATH; MODERN.
qpOv. 1723 Clay si., near Van Ness aye.
\\T X KENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
>» treat people right. BAI.D IN <t HAM-
MUNI) 10 Montgomery si. -
FUR9tISUKX> UOUSKS;
17»OU BENT— NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE
J during June, July and August: fine lawn and
centrally located; terms $150 in advance for the
three months to th" right par.y. Address box
65, Mercury Office, Han Jose.
t lameda Fashionable boarding-
A house; fine location. Hotel, Call Office. Ala-
nu'iiiu
S~ EVEN-ROOM HOI ; SE FOR SALE; EVKRY-
C^ thing new: no agents. Apply Call Office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
(-,1 T.n/"\ 2060 JONES, BET. UNION AND
ijpj- t)UU. Filbert; neat cottage: 4 rooms and
bath. Apply to 8. C LAPP it CO.. House Brokers
and Real Estate Agents, 413 Montgomery si.
Tii LET OR LEASE— SUNNY, FIVE-ROOM,
modern cottage; h!gn basement; large yard:
with or without furniture. 3011 Capp St., near
Twenty-fifth.
Q. I i COT"TAGE 6 ROOMS: CELLAR; FREE
«7 1 I. water. Call 325 Fifth a
ELEGANT COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS, BATH:
XJ stable. 712 Nineteenth St., near Church.
pOTTAGE. 81 IV' S GOLDEN GATE AYE.. OP-
v,' posite JtfTerson Square; 6 rooms, bath: hot and
cod water: basement; garden: rent $20.
<> T~4 NICE CLEAfT.SU.VNY COTTAGE— 643
tjlll. Minna si., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
T. i LET— COTI AGE 3 ROOMS, 16 BYINGToN
1 aye. Apply 1621 O'Farrell st.
b.T ,i NEW COTTAGE OF FIVE ROOMS;
•^li. bath and garden; water paid. f,'3 Hamp-
shire st., bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first. . •, .'
9 COTTAGES; 3 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH;
»- cheap. Apply 2643 Bryant St., nr. Twenty-fifth.
COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS AND LARGE CEL-
\J iar near Twenty-ninth and Mission sts. Apply
815 Mission st.
"qJTt~Q~ rI « WITH WATER, ELEGANT COT-
<JJ ti.t) I. ta.-e 5 zooms: bath; gas-tixlurei:
cellar and large yard. 438 Seventh st.
fiOTTAGfc 8 KOO1IS; BATH; YARD; GAR-
V, den; cheap: .?20. 2824 Mission st.
1 Q COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS. BATH
A O and basement. Apply in rear.
/■■"OrrAOK-6 ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
\J modern Improvement*. 1016 Br6derick St..
near Turk; rent, $32 60.
Cj-l A NEaT COTTAGE OF 4 rooms and
>, J'J. batb. 1831 Union, near La^uua.
~Vtl f^Tl COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS: GOOD OR-
<T • .O\). der; water free. Apply premises 945
Bryant St., near Eighth, or room "73, 6'.'B Mont-
gomery.
FURNISHKD FLATS.
-)(<] Dl BUSH iitkk FLAT OF .'' SUNWTf
—> ' lOa rooms and bath .-rent reduced : good view.
COZY FLAT; CLOSE TO PANHANDLE;
gas stove: piano; references: rent reasonable.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
VINE CORNER; 6 SUNNY ROOMS: CHEAP;
-T afternoons. 800 a Webster st.
FLATS TO LKT.
Q VQoTwASIHNi ill IX — I.: iWEB 'T ROOMtT,
>)lOi bath. $32 SO; i.'518 Mission, upper 6
rooms, bath, $22 50; 2825 Howard, lower 6 rooms.
bath, $20; 207 Second, upper 7 rooms, $18; 5M
Tehama, upper 6 rooms, Sib: 824 Filbert, middle
5 roome, bath, marine view, $18: 1211 Guerrero,
upper 5 rooms, bath. $17; HVi Me Lea court, up-
D-r 5 rooms, bath. $16; 526 Filbert, upper 5
rooms, $16; 116 Dorland. upper 5 Tooms, 514;
4'Jl^2 Mississippi; lower 4 rooms, bnth, $14; 3 307
Minna, uprer 5 rooms. $14. W. H. CRIM & CO.,
118 Montgomery st.
Ql " HYDU— NEW DOWNTOWN MODERN
0I 'J flat: all latent improvements: large closet
in every room: sun all day: large rooms in base-
ment. Apply BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 628
Market st.
LfPI'ER FLAT. 2915 LAGUNA ST., BET.
' Union and Filb>n; 7 rooms and bath; rent
$20. Apply at DAVID STERN & SONS, 20
Montgomery St.
■\T E. COItNER PAGE AND SURA STS.;
-i.' sunny upper flat, 12 rooms, elegantly carpeted
throughout; runge, 2 baths, billiard and wine room,
electric iigbts; 1 block irom park; convenient to
Haightand Ellis st. cars: unusually fine arpoint-
Djeuts: ready to move into without further ex-
pen*e. Apply MADISON <fc BURKE.
Sl ' NY FLAT • '1- 5 »MS; 319 CAPP ST.
- rent cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
V LEG ANT FLAT ON SHOTWELL; CHEAP
-L* to good tenant. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
ft]A $16 AND DESIRABLE FLATS;
• _ IU. 4, 5 and 6 rooms. 1016 .-hotwell St., near
l weuty-fourtli-st. cable; electric cars.
**i I \ ?\(\ ELtGAisT NEW 5 ROOM SUN-
•~ it). int. Ny upper flat. 2974 Twenty-third
ri.. near Harrison.
\YTTjjekn LOWER FLAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH.
li 2816 Golden Gate aye., near First aye.
UNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 KOOMS; BATH;
v. garden: $13 and $16. 1706 Post st.
"1-97 FiFTEBNTH, NU. HOWAJtD-2 NEW
J O& % flats, just finished; 6 rooms, bath; $18.
QI O 3 LARGE ROOM'S; YARD. 409 THIR-
tJpIO. teenth St. above Valencia.
*> AND 4 ROOM FLATS; LARGE YARD AND
0 stable. Apply 2 Hayward St., near Eighth, off
Harrison. <•
sHBUrtY HEIGHTS AND PARK FLATS—
3to 9 rooms and bath; ail modern improve-
ments: $9 up: apply 1718 Waller «t., near Stan-
yan. L. HELBUKG. agent: otfire open Sunday.
mWO NE \V FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
-L water free; Twenty-fifth and Folsnm sts. Ap.
ply in store below or 28*2 Folsom s:.
C.Q9 P^n SEE THAT ELEGANT NEW
*J)O^i.«JW. sunny 6-room house 512 Guerrero st.
HO A FOLSOM -ft SUNNY ROOMS, JUST
i •J-l finished; large yard; $18.
1 I (\1 HOWARD— SUNNY UPPER PART OF
I J U • house; 6 rooms an i bath; rent low.
aO"7 PAGE— FLAT OF 7 LARGE ROOMS;
it) I all new improvements.
91 Q/i "O'FAKRELL, Nil. br"oderick— sun"-
-&1 O± ny side, large 6 room flat with bath and
other modern conveniences: has 2 extra large
separate rear rooms: rent reduced to $20.
SUNN V FVAT 5 ROOMS; CHEAP. 4023
Twenty-fifth «U
OQ 08CH ST.— FLAT 5 ROOMS; MODER-
*-«./ ate: modern improvements.
TTLAT 5 SUNNY rooms AND ;BATH. 332
I Shotwell st., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
Q I NNY MODERN 6-ROOM UPPER FLAT.
0 356 Clementina st.
>79<U GROVE— LOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS;
I £•) bath; light, sunny yard.
1- 1, AT 8 BOOMS; KATE ENTRANCE;
1 rent $10. 1325 sucramento st.
99/- TENTH UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS;
J*~O bath; modern improvements: yard: b*se-
n.ent.
1 OVKLY .NEW BAY-WINDOW " FLAT: 4
Jj rooms: yard; bath. 417 Twenty-second St..
near Howard. . ' •.
ITPPt-R FLAT; 5 SUN NT ROOMS; BATH; I M-
U prOTements; $14. 1857 Lexington St., near
Twentieth.
a - ){\ FLAT OF 6 rooms and bath. 1831
<JJ) —U. Howard st. :
TTUE A~F~H ~ $12: 5 ROOMS; BATH:
__.' y=rd: hjmmint 837 Alabama St., near
Twenty-first, "vyr .
UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS; *12.' li2YBROAD-
way, near Leavenwortb. ..--'
V.il COMFORTABLE FLAT: 5 ROOMS;
IN bath: separate yard: near S. P. R. R. depot;
lent reasonable; key on premises. 6 Zoo st , bet.
'Jbird and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
O» » KLLIB— Sit AT OF i! Ulii.r. SUNNY
\) _.- rooms: separate entrance; yard, etc.; $12.
"~ TURK- TWO "FLATS, 4 ROOMS
O— U each: rear.
L.BIGHT, MODERN ECONOMICAL FLATS; 5
l> rooms; bath; marine view; 2. 8 and 10 Han-
over place, OS Sacramento st., below Mason; nice
neighborhood. Apply 3-0 h-aimome, room 4.
-l i= I GUEKRERO, COR. TWKXTY-
LLr)X Fourth— rooms; bath ; , poarch: large
basement, $18.
TTPPER FLAT 4 SUSXY ROOMS: RENT
U .-map 16t58 Mission, near Thirteenth.
Ql Ql SUTTER— SI.'NN~Y FLAT. 5 ROOMS
01 i/;» and bath. Inquire 919 a Butter st.
,« ROOMS ON FIRST FLOOR; CLEAN AND
T attractive: front and rear yards: unfinished
basement; on charming private street fronting
Mirk; to quiet family; $16. D.-.MPbTER. 36 Glen
ParK aye., off Twelfth st.
MINNA— 4 ROOMS; RENT . $11. 805
At) Union, ."{-room tiat ; yard; $10.
-no TURK— FLATS, 4 ROOMS EACH:
0-.O rear. • .
C»OA LOWER FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH
»j!_U. large basement and sunny yard. 137
Page st.
(B»*>V UPPER FLAT; 3610 SIXTEENTH ST.;
•J 1 — - . 7 I arse sunny rooms and bath: modern
Improvements: yai-d and basement: water free.
poZY UPPER FLAT— K..OMS; BATH:
\J wood Diautel; modern improvements; rent re-
duced. 812 Treat avf-.. bet. 2 1st and 22d ats.
OOA EL KG ANT UPPER FLAT; BAY-WlN-
)£d\fm dows; 6 large rooms and bath: modern
Improvements. 611 Greenwich at.
TIPPER AND LOWER FLATS: 3 AND 4
U rooms; very convenient; $7 and $8. 941 Bry-
-0:1 U -UPPER FLAT & ROOMS; BATH.
)JLV, 1626^ Pine St.. above Van Ness aye.
TJiRKE RENT GIVE» TO GOOD TENANTS
-T (half to one month): prices from $6 up.
SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market at.
Tin FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
JLJLO rooms and bath; $'JB.
991 FIFTEENTH, near CASTRO-ST.
_•_•! O cars; 5 sunny rooms, bath; low rent.
AfVlGk TWENTY-THIRD; 100 fEET FROM
TV I V Castro ears; lovely sunny upper flat of 6
rooms; modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free. __
1 ion MCALLISTER. NR. SCOTT— modern
ItOJ flat; 6 rooms; bath: $27 50; water free.
Q!l 1 & SUNNY ROOMS; MODERN I>T
)JL i . provements. 20 Albion aye., off Fifteenth
si., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
T~O\VER~FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; PORCELAIN
IJb.uh and basement: cor. Twenty-third and
Castro sis.: $13; 544 Castro st., upper flat 6 rooms
■ad bath, $17 50.
v PI'Klt FLOOR 5 ROOMS; $ 14. 8 HOWARD
L> court, off Howard st., mar Fourth.
TTPPER FLAT OF . . LA RUE ROOMS. 133 LILY
U aye.; key grocery, corner Page and Octaviasts.
yi.AH CITY HALL: ELEGANT FLAT OF 5
IN rooms: latest improvements: 523. 143 Grove.
-I CAT STEINER. NEAR SUTTER-LOWER
J.OU I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
T OWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Ringold
Bt. t bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
~ •)! 1 MCALLISTER — FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
i —Us modern improvements; rent reduced.
\\T E RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
»> treat people right. BALDWIN <fe HAM-
iIONP, 10 Montgomery St.
U LEG ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
Jli low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bnili: 1?8 !o ■$!»■
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Capp Street.
rtAK CAPP— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
I'll) frr man and wife or two ladies, with u->e of
titchen and parlor; also single room; terms very
easonable.
Clinton Park.
909 CLINTON PARK— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
_._,_. mslied rooms for light housekeeping; mod-
erate.
KddT Stroe..
I 9flA EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED HOUBE-
L —v! keeping rooms; also sunny rooms.
Kighth Street.
lAQ EIGHTH— I FURNISHED ROOM FOR
LuJ houstkeeping.
: ir\ >-ntii street.
1 Qfk ELEVENTH— 3 CONNECTING, NICELY
LOU furnished housekeeping rooms; also others.
til IK Mr««i,
Cno ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS,
«-)UO complete for housekeeping: large yard: $15.
-09 ELLIS— FOUR SU.nSV UNFUKNIHiIED
i)O» rooms, wi:h bath.
fourth Street.
99-: FOURTH-FUR NISHED ROOMS. SUlT-
__<) able for tight housekeeping: also single.
*)A££ FOURTH-BUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
—.'i and housekeeping: families; newly fur-
nished; day, week or mouth.
I *»/\ FOURTH SI.— CLEAN SUNNY RoOMS,
J _«V/ single or double c impleie.
bottom Street.
QOX FOLROM— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
tOO rooms; furnished; use of bath; separate
art; 99.
Fifth Street.
4.9ft 1 FIFTH — 2 FRONT. PERFECTLY
i —<<■,: furnished liousekplns rooms on first floor.
franklin street.
jit FRANKLIN — LAR(»E, SUNNY FUR-
iJt) nisbed room for housekeeping: bath, gas,
■vater.
• eary St. eet.
91 7 1GKARY (REAR)— THREE SUNNY
»1 I 2 housekeeping rooms. Key, 217.
I^OQ PARLOR, ItEOKOuM, DINING-ROOM,
— •■-*• sewing-room, bath, kitchen: alt neces-
saries. 1917 G»ary su
(iuiueu date Avenue.
D"1 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 COMPLETELY
01. 'J furnished housekeeDing rooms, $16; gas
itove.
1 91 0 GOLDEN GATE AVENUE— 3 LARGE,
1-lv sunny, furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; private.
Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
— U rooms for housekeeping.
I;- 1111. inn Street.
9' HERMANN. NEAR. VALENCIA— I OR 2
~«J rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
Z.(\A HOWARD— SUITE OF NICELY FUR-
uwi nished housekeeping rooms; $10; first floor.
C Of HOWARD— ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
• — ') plete for housekeeping; reasonable.*
70 J. HOWARD. (OK. THIRD— FINE SUNNY
I 'J~i furnished front rooms for housekeeping.
ri> 1 1 HOWARD — NICELY FtRNISHED
iUl^ bay-window suite for housekeeping:
others: moderate.
Q9'_>l HOWARD, NEAR FIFTH - UNFUR-
>J—iJ'Z blshed alcove room to let; bay-window;
grate; running water; large closet: only $8.
1 1 >n 1 HuWAKD-2 LARGE SU.^NY FUR-
i 1 — 1 ■; nished rooms for housekeeping; private
American family.
1 9<f^i HOWARD-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS:
J. £\JO private family; cheap.
]_i)l HOWARD— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
110 l rooms tor light housekeeping.
I r'' HOWARD, NEAR FOURTEENTH—
JL I OO Large sunny bay-window alcove, kitchen:
cheap; gas. bath.
X SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; HOUSE-
-0 keeping; fine location: $25. 2420 Howard st.
Jackson Street.
101 ft JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUU-
-IV/1O nished sunny front, large housekeeping;
$4 to $9.
Kearny Street.
9OA KEABNY— HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS;
-OU gas or coal stove; also other rooms.
Market Mree .
1 MARKET— UNFURNISHED ROOMS
i.O I I 3 for light housekeeping. • .
%UK MaHkT.T— 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
£i\JUO nished sunny rooms lor housekeeping.
31iuna sircei.
C A Q M INN A— 2 LARGE ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
«J-±O keeping.
I \~] L.' MINNAr-HOU><EKEEPING AND BIN-
U L l> gle rooms cheap.
UUiioa >ireet.
c-r r MISSION— 2 LARGE, SXjNNY HOUSE
00 1 keeping rooms: range and sink in kitchen;
$10- ■
£(•] MISSION, NEAR SECOND — 8 SUNNY
t/Ul rooms, furnished light housekeeping; also
two. '
(I'll MISSION — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
iJOO rooms: Hind*; and en suite; rent, $6 up.
-I 91 A MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
-1 — i 1/ keeptne rooms: gas; bath: no children.
Moss Street.
I O MOSSST..OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH—
J.O 2 furnished rooms for housekeeplug.
viiiimii Street.
AQ SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN: BATH;
<3)O« water: no children: private. 314 Filth st.
79H NAI OMa"— LA H( IE M: SNY FRONT
1 —\J room, with use of kitchen.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
2 or 3 well furnished housekeeping rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Perry Street.
Q-I PERRY — PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
J-iL housekeeping; suite or single; cheap.
177 PERKY — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
XII keeping rooms; bath; hot, and cold water.
POSt Street.
QOO POST— 2 BACK ROOMS, NICEI/ST FUR-
t7__ nlshed tor housekeeping; 10.
Scott Street.;
l-in SCOTT— 2 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
110 ing rooms; partly furnished for housekeep-
ing.
~\L'\ A SCOTT— 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
_LOl~r rooms, bath, garden: rent reduced; call
afternoon.
Seventh Street.
"I QQ SEVENTH — FRONT SUNNY FUR-
JLOO nished housekeeping rooms.
IQf'SKVEN'TU-LAKOE, SUNNY. FUR-
-1 €>\J nished housekeeping rooms; veranda and
yard; reasonable.
South Park.
0 SOUTH PARK— UNFURNISHED ROOMS
for housekeeping; $8.
1 I' SOUTH PA KK— HOUSEKEEPING SUITES
1 U $7 to $12: 4 unfurnished $10.
Tenth Street.
I cy* TENTH — ELEGANT 3 HOUSEKEEP-
I^-'i ing; piano; newly renovated: gas stove;
suitable for physician or 4 adults: family.
. iiirti Mree.
Cl Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK-SUNNY
O lt/ room tor housekeeping; range; running
water.
Turk street.
QOI TURK— 3 LOVELY UNFURNISHED
O_X rooms; gas; stove; grate: closet*; running
water. ■
Twenty-sixth Street.
II Ci TWENTY-SIXTH, NR. MIBSION—
I 1 O'£ nisbed suits suitable for gents, $10; also
single furnished rooms.
Van >ess Avenne.
O"l VAN NESS — NEWLY FURNISHED.
•" 1 sunny housekeeping rooms; single or in suites;
cheap. .
Washington Street.
•r rvo WASHING TON — SUNNY UNFUR-
OXJJj nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
BOOMS TO LET.
Anthony Street.
Q ANTHONY. OFF MISSION— SINGLE AND
0 double; 75c week; sunny.
I'.UKh Street.
-I non bush — BEAUTIFUL SUNNY us-
-IUOU furnished parlor; also furnished rooms.
Carlos Place.
Q CARLOS PLACE. OFF O'FARRELL, NEAR
•' Mason— Single sunny furnished rooms: 84 and
$5.
Eddy Street.
QH7 EDDY— FRONT ROOM; GAS, BATH;
Ov I private: low rent.]
4 1 (\a EDDY— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
tt JLU room for gentleman, in private family.
t'-l Q EDDY— NICELY LARGE
Oil/ front bay-window room: also front single.
-IJ- Of\ EDDY, NEAR FILLMOKE— UNFUR-
i •)»)\' nished rooms; grate; closet; bath: gas;
private family ; $6.
i i.iitli street.
CHEBMAS APARTMENT HOUfeE, 2R BTH
0 St., i ear Market; furnished and unfurnished.
l.ii)« street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
I HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot A cold water.
DOSEDALE HOUSE, 821 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XL at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
Fell Street.
-IT A FELL— S-jNSY FURNISHED FRONT
"ills room, suitable for a lady; rent f 5.
I oisniii Street.
QQ» FOLSOM — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
000 room: closet: use of bath; suitable for one
or two gents; rent $8.
Fulton Street.
II d FULTON— SMALL FURNISHED ROOM;
1 1 D $5.
«.>«.-« ry Mre«..
01 71 GEARY, REAR-TWO FURNISHED
—1 I 2 rooms: key -17.
- On GEARY— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
OOfJ sunny suites: also single rooms.
Q#*| GEARY — IK .ANT SUNNY BAY-
GUI window rooms, furnished or unfurnished:
also single room; Holding bed; handsome new cor-
ner Hat.
KilS. A UhAKY-SUiTE OF ROOMS; SUNNY
01/O side; for lady or married couple; also sunny
front room in private family.
11 HE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary, BW. cor. Van Ness aye.
1 'AfMZ ° A Y< mi. COR^ " OUT A V I A —3
I 'IUU elegant furnished rooms, for gentlemen
only; all modern conveniences.
boldcii Avenue.
Q«)A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY AL-
O£\J cove suite; housekeeping if Jdeslred; also
single rooms; reasonable.
Harrison Street.
Trrv HARRISON — $6, NICELY FURS-
I O\J isbed front room suitable for one or two,
also single rooms; $4 50 per nionih.
Hawthorne Street.
Orvl HAWTHORNE, BET. FIRST AND SEC-
— yJ'Z ond. off Howard— Nicely furnished sunny
room, with bath.
Hayes Street.
A Q7B HAVES- NICELY FURNISHED
"i •> 1 sunny room; rent reasonable.
Howard Street.
QOQI HOWARD, NEAK FIFTH - LARGE
t/_Oa handsomely furnished front room: bay-
window, grate, etc.; only 98.
1 .)" I HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY BAY
X - fJ~~z window room; suitable for one or two:
chean; every convenience.
I zl9^ HOWARD - BAY - WINDOW ROOM
I 'l— .<) for 2 gentlemen; bath; basement; pri-
vate: rent *10.
Jessie Street.
Q1 Ql JESSIE— LIGHT SUNNY FURNISHED
Ox»Ja rooms; reasonable.
uones Mreet.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
single room; also sunny alcove room.
i)t\n junks— TliJi VAN WI.NKI.K: SEW
— " I manacement: elegant snuny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; -flu to $:«).
»- eitrny Mroo..
A BLINOTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
A ant sunny rooms, en suite and slncle; first class
.c nery respect: terms reasonable.
JLurkiu street. '
JOQ LARKIN — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
1 *--7 nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
Ql 7 LARKIN— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
H'7i- I rooms; rent $6.*
1 1 HAT LARKIN ST.— SUNNY. FURNISHED
■Jv" I suites, also single rooms; every con-
■ venience.
Ijaskie Street.
Hql LASKIE, OFF MISSION, NEAR NINTH—
HJ2 2 furnished sunny rooms: $3, 94 and $5.
Leaveuworth street.
I I VI LEAVEN WORTH, COR. O'FARRELL—
■ i-^'i 2 front connecting rooms, with dressing-
■ room ami private bath; also front bay-window
Brooms; bouse entirely renovated; newly furnished.
I (| 7 LEAVENWORTH-FLRNISHED par-
■ < U I lor suite: also single rooms.
HonUTKAV"ENWOIITH, NEAR BUTTER— 2
■■Ov/O sunny rooms; bath: furnished.
Linden venue.
H9O/I LINDEN AVK. — 3 NICE SUNNY
■— «)"x rooms; planked yard; closet; rent cheap.
Siurkf street.
ByOSEMITK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
M 1 night, 35c to yi; week, $1 60 to $5: families.
I I 9(iO MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
■ J- — vi) rooms; $6 a month and upward.
I 1 Q7H MARKET, NEAR JONE-. — FRONT
■ 1•> I '-» suites, with or without carpets; modern
■conveniences.
Pfl >ini n:i Mrees.
I] 79 MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED
■ 1 I _ rooms; 76c and $1 per week.
H.IQ7 MINNA— NICE" FRONT ROOM, WITH
■ *lO I double bed and stove.
■f'fjr MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
■UU I nisbed bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
■^pj i. iMtim -irciii,
HrpilE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
H i Fourth — New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
■flfiirmsht'd rooms: all modern improvements; ele-
■ va:or: single or en suite; ~sc to if 1 SO a day.
_Iq7~TmISSION, COls. FIFTH— sUNXY SUITE:
■<< I — lower, floor; always used as physician's
B9orlice: terms reasonable.
_KT7T^n MISSION — NEATLY FURNISHED
■ 1 \li)\ ' room; bath and gas; private tami y.
I L'L'KOPK JlOUssE, 11«9 MISSION— NICELY
■li furnished rooms, single or en suite; transient.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued. .
McAllister Street.
1 9 MCALLISTER - LARGE SUNNY BAY-
window parlors, unfurnished; also single
rooms.
> in Street.
0 NINTH ST., NEAR MARKET-FRONT
suite or single f or lor 3 persons; rent $lb;
gas; grate ; water. -.-;-'
;" O'Farrell Street.
CAT O'FARRELL-A LARGE SUNNY COR-
* Ul ncr bay-window parlor bedroom: suitab.e
for 1 or 2 people. ■
Pine Street.
nPIXE. BET. DUPONT AND STOCK-
ton— Furnished rooms; $5 and $7 a month.
Polk street.
Ql Q POLK— SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
tJJLO nislied alcove ;with bath, running water, gas.
etc; for 2 gents- new carpets and furniture; a.so
tinted single newly furnished rooms; reasonable.
Post *ireet.
£AO POST-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
*jyJO rooms; suites and single; cheap.
Q|7 HOST— LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
ul • alcove room: small room attached for kitcb-
en; gas; bath; grate; large closets: $12.
a owe:i Street,
second Street.
2 SECOND-SO NICELY FURNISHED BlN-
gle and double rooms; 25c per night; $126
per week; quiet and respectable.
Seventh Street. .
IQfi SEVENTH— NIC FURNISHED
-LOU front single rooms; $1 a week. ■■
Sixths '•«■« ..
31 SIXTH— FRONT SUITE FOR MANICUR-
-2 ing parlors, rent $20: single, $1 per week.
00l SIXTH-NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
<^O2 suite.
101 SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
J.«£X nicely furnished double and single rooms
Sixteenth Street.
9QQ7 SIXTEENTH - 3 FURNISHED OR
-001 unfurnished rooms; suitable for light
housekeeping.
Stockton street.
9AQI STOCKTON— SUITE, UNFUR-
£\J±.% nlahpd, with carpets; suitable for oflice.
I Ql A STOCKTON— FRONT ROOMS;
1 OlTt single; en suite ; also doctor's office ; cheap.
17 no Stockton SUNNY booms fur-
-L I WO nished complete for housekeeping: cheap.
■ utter «ir«et.
r \f\f\ SUTTJER. COR POWELL-SUN NY FR'NT
O\jyj «ulte, furnished or unfurnished: other moms.
7OQ MUTTER. COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANT
i \JO furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
Taylor Street.
1 AO TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS. $2 A WEEK;
1 VJ'J also doable parlors, separate beds, $20.
•> j| i TAYLOR— LAI«;K FURNISHED SUN-
— ~t\> ny room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $8.
X')> TAYLOR ST.-NICELY FURNISHED
x)£i£i sunny rooms; gentlemen preferred; re-
spectable.
Tenth Street.
U TENTH, NEAR MARKET — THREE
large sunny rooms, housekeeping or board.
Twelfth Street.
Ql A TWELFTH — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
OIU gunny rooms; gas; bath; private family:
rani reasonable.
Valencia Street
C )(\A A VALENCIA- RAY-WINDOW
~'-'"l alcove; also large sunny room for man and
wife or 'i gentlemen; rent reasonable.
TTvJ'JI VALENCIA —LARGE SUNNY
-I l/"±Os front bay-window room, $■} ; also sin-
gle rooms.
Washington Street.
■r OG WASHINGTON— NEWLY FURNISHED
cIOU sunny front rooms to let.
Miscellaneous.
T\ESIRABLE SUNNY ROOMS FOR GENTLE-
\J men, In the Western Addition: private family:
references exchanged. Address 1). It., hoi 36, Call.
BOARDING am) ROOMS.
i<oT^i>< fTst.^-i n fanYor ch ildrkk to
')- I board; refined home; sunny yard; best of
care.
QOQ GE"ARY— SUNNY SUITE; SUITABLE
000 for family; excellent board.
1 71 f\ POLK (NO RMANDIE)— ELEGANT
1 HO rooms, single and suites; newly fur-
nished: opens June 1 as a first-class family hotel;
references.
C« 9 A FURNISHED FRONT ROOM AND
«Jr«-V/. board: private family. 1537 Fifteenth si.
1 MCALLISTER— FINELY F I 1 1 M •> H X T)
J — _U sunny rooms, with or without board.
1 A 9 EIGHTH ST.— NICE SUITE: ALSO SIN-
II- Kle rooms: boara optional; private.
7AQ O'FAURELL (CIIA.NG.KO hands)—
I UO Elegant rooms; suiie or single; first-class
board.
GEARY— FRuNT ROOMS; RUNNING
0— — water: good table board; single or suites.
TJ OTKL BKItTLINU. 714 I.USII- A FAMILY
XL hotel: references given and required: all mod-
fr'i convenience*. "
CUILDEEN BOAKDKO.
TNF^N^rT^R~SMALL '"' CHIIBT'mOTHErTs
J. complete care; sunny yard; reasonable. 1636
Grove sl
\\r ANTED— 1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD:
• ' $10 per mo. : good home. 1043i/i Valencia st.
I ADY WISHES CHILD TO BOARD; GOOD
J J home. 14 Oak st.
1 I HUMAN WOMAN WISHES t'HILURI'... TO
' 1 board; mother's care; good home. 318 Twenty-
fourth corner Treat aye.. over frultstore.
STORKS TO LET.
"^^w^ToTrE^TjEApT^mrXßTK^mTArfY
Xi business: good location. ""9 V 2 Fourth st.
1 1 /\-. HOWARD— LET: AN OLD-ESTAB-
-1 IUU lished frultstore: rent $20.
7 a;: p6lk"^~delTcat e^sen store to
• v/tj let; tenant just moved out; ren; $18; busi-
ness established; rooms in rear; fine chance for
somebody.
OF PICKS TO LKT,
; TTnr^liun^cE^ToTr^»F^
Ooit/2 (ices and residence combined; reasonable.
rpiIREE PARTLY FURNISHED BOOMS, ALL
1 facing Market St.; rent $30 1 Taylor st.
9A O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
**" with electric lights, elevator and janitor ser-
vices.
QQQ MARKET, Ol'P. MASON— LOFTS OF
isOO various sizes; now, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
< CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
\J "Hires $10 and upward, Including jauitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 10 4. _ BUCKINGHAM.
QPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices, 12 60 up: electric-light:
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
<ir<;. 11. t M tisi-; v .1- CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
STABLKS TO LET.
TJEAUtTkUL LARGE STABLE: 2414 CALl-
■it fornia at. : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chroni-
■le building. ______^_^_^^^^_^^^_
BIUSICAL IKBTBU3IKNI^.
A FEW MORE DAYS ARE LEFT IN WHICH
to take advantage of the great annual May
clearance sale of pianos ail i musical instruments
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market St.
TECK PIANO; FINE TONE; EXCELLENT
order; obliged to Mil. Room -'I, 809 Market.
Tmn e i • i i i itTsplendidtonk. forced
J sale; $160. Room 12. Flood building.
ARE CHANCE TO SKCURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post St..
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious wan-rooms at 933 Market St., opposite
Mason: bargains in different makes to save ex-
penses of removal.
FINE STKINWAY UPRIGHT: MUST SELL.
1019 Van Ness aye.. corner Geary.
TJEFORE BUYING SEE HAINK BROS. 1 , BUSH
J-* <t Gens and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices, a. l. Bancroft * co- 324 Post st.
CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
/ small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York ; just the chance to buy a tine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
li»y: violins, $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, 91; accordions. flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc: new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., tSprectcels building.
2j lOX FINE CHICKERING: SC.HMITZ, 16
I -*O. McAllister St., next to Hlbernia Batik.
OHMER. STKCK, STMNWAY, STATHAM
O second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
Sj? 1 J\l\ MARSHALL, upuigiit:sherwood
O I' 1 '', upright.^l6o. BKUEXN'S, 228 Post.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., STEINWAY REP-
resentattves, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. * Kearny and Suiter.
As|f\ *7.-.: STKINWAY, $215; SQUARE
«^5; rented S'J tip. HEINE, i 36 Ellis st.
AKUIVKD— LOT OF CELKBRAI'KD HlGH-
sradeT. L, Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
/ 1 1 C K E I N liTlv N VP. X STKCK.VOSE. BTER-
V.- ling pianos: see our n -\v piano 'Or $187; pianos
lor rent. ISENJ. CURTAZ i SON. 18 O' Fan-ell.
YRON MAUZY. 308 POST ST.— SOiIMEK,
Newby * Evanj, Brlcgs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLU<fcNEW
O H. MCLLKR. maker, repairer, 2 Latham dace.
AW IKK NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailia*.
PERSONALS. ;,^.^-,.
NY PERSON " WHO" SAW ACCIDENT— A
lady knocked down by Market-street caWe-car
n front of O'Brien's dry-goods store, November 27
last, about 3:35 p. m.— "will confer great favor by
sending address to or calling upon C. M. JEN-
XIXGS, Attorney, Mills building.
fTHK UNDERSIGNED AXE PREPARED TO
x furnish to applicants a practically reliable
painted sketch of what they require in shape of
life companionship; satisfaction warranted. Ad-
dresa San .Francisco Delineating Co., 1055 Market.
1 INCOLN BROS., 226 SIXTH ST., MIDDLE
-Li of the blocs: look for the name; 10 lbs. rolled
oats, 25c: 9 lbs. rolled wheat. '25c; 6 lbs. dried fruit,
'25c; 23 candles, '25c: 4 cans Cutting's tomatoes,
25c; one Ib. line tea or coffee. 26 c; box macaroni
or vermicelli, 25c: 3 lbs. cheese, 25c: milk or
cream, 10c a can; eggs, 10c a dozen: butter, 20c a
roll: Eastern hams. 8c lb.: picnic hams, 6c lb.; I
flour, 80c a sack. LINCOLN BROS., cash grocers,
226 Sixth st.
T ADY GOING EAST WILL SELL NEARLY
-Li new $70 Domestic sewing machine, oak finish,
for $25 cash. 231036 Taylor st. *
T AM NOT SECOND CLASS, AS MY PRICE
X (25c) lor hair-dressing might lead some people
to believe; I employ nine ot' the best artists in the
city: don't mistake the place. 11l Stockton St., G.
LEDERER.
\[O.NTHLY PAPER FREE. SEND YOUR
lx address to postoflice box 2477, city. '--> »;.- ■-
VAPOR AND ELECTKIO BATHS FOX
> Rheumatism, Sciatica, Consumption, Obesity.
637 Turk st.
p.HIROMANCY (PALMISTRY) TAUGHT
KJ and the hand read ; from 50c. 1 422 Hyde st.
p I. DECSI
V-T. (Late of Paris and London),
DESIGNER OF STANDARD SYSTEM
IN
LADIES' GARMENTS, CAPES, ETC..
Will teach above method at customer's domicile
if required.
For Information and price* inquire at 1714 Post
■ml,
Patterns of any design promptly executed.
"TIANCING-BALLROOMORSTAGETAUGHT.
U IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. 8. Mint.
AG CARPETS WOVE TOORDER.FOR SALE ;
■It also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
rOK ADOPTION— BOY BaBY; 2
-I 1 years of age; $2000 cash goes with the boy. Ad-
dress H., box 285. Call Office. f
p EO. W. PHELPB, aTTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
\JT Sansome st., room 4.
* DOPTION— A RESPECTABLE MARRIED
XV couple would like to adopt a child. Address
T., box 88, Call Office.
U AIR DRESSED ANY STYLE, 25c: SHAM-
-1-- poo 25c; manicure, 25c: lessons. MRS.
BUTLER, 131 Post St.. room 20.
\l' X HAVE A LARGE STOCK OF BILL-
»* heads, letter-heads and statements on hand
which we are selling off at less than 50 percent of
cost: you can buy ihem printed at less than whole- ;
sale price; come quick, while they last. J. C.
HOWE, Commercial Printer, 636 Clay St.: tele-
phone 59H9.
4 DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
J\ clalty; private: no chr.rce unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOVVK,:itty-at-law, 850 Market st
'T'AILoR-MADEISU~ITS.~)fiO; CLOAKS, CAPES
-L ana suits to order. 916 Market st., room 25.
rPHE ECONOMY" MILLINKRY, RED FRONT,
1 40. 46>ixth st; children's school hats sc: dyed,
pressed '25c; nats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c.
I IBEUAI. ADVANCiLS ON DIAMOND:*, JEW- |
\J flry, etc.: lowest ratn. 948 Market st.
Q EC I A L— SOL. SHIPPER CO.. MERCHANT
OTailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: tr.iusers $2 op; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
RUN K8 MOVED. 25 CENTS. "COMMERCIAL
x Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
fT!HE NUMBER OF THAT 810 HAIRDRESS-
-1 ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for 25 cents is 111, and
the name is G. LEDERER. Don't make a mistake.
1 llfMl CARDS, $1 60: SHOW CARDS 15c~
1 \ lyjyj teL Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
A ilalr Wash: cures scalp diseases: take no other.
DAZDK EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
XV fine edge put on rar.or for 25 cents.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
.'V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks. jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason St.; open evenings. •
T7LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
J-i Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Q KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LAIUES' HAIR-
O. dresser, removed to 21 Geary. Popular prices.
"OARTINUTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. PartingtoD, Gertrude
I'artlngton.R.L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
TTR. DUCKBTT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BU-
I ' cnunHn; gas given; crown and bridge work.
piTY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 133
\J Gear>-, removed from Lnrkiu St. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
I>IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTIOON SHOW EVB-
D ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
\J clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
pLOAKs, CAPKS A.SO SL'lTd RKTA AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factors. 1.0 Kanxnme St.. upstalrv
DKKSS.MARERS.
DRESSES «2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. SO.'i Natoma St., above Sixth.
DENTISTS.
a^^OSEST^WO R X T^irr^O^EST^PßTcEsl
X± DR. HARDCASTLE.62B Montgomery, rm. 1.
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FCRST-CLAS3
J? prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. CHAR-
DING, CM.. M.D., 500 Sutter st., corner Powell.
DR. L. T. i -HANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., tor. Grant aw.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
C»7 A SET FOR TEETH; WARRANTED AS
V ' good as can be made: fllllnz $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentlsu 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
R. LU.DLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from *8 per set; extracting &0c; gas given.
t^ULL .-Jw OF 'IKhTH, $7; WARRANTED
live rear*. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 sixth st.
OET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. UK H.
O G. YOUNG. 1811 Polk st.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of oalnless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to '20 O'Farrell sc
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. We- CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; IS vearj'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815!^ Ueary.
R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRliiliE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ OLTOX DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80tt MAR-
»_/ ketst. Dlt. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEk."l'2O6 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
a ix, WORK REASONABLE AND WAB-
--V ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1123 Market su
HOUSES.
A^OUN/J GENTLE^^ITo^F^sXItaIbLe"^ I ©^
x milk wagon or grocery. 1620 Mission st.
I^OR SALE— 3O HEAD OF GOOD YOUNG
-T workhorses. 426 Valencia St. J. D. FOR.
RESTER, salesman.
I^OK SALE— GOOD. STYLISH BA V MARK, 6
V years old, with or without liiugy and harness;
suitable for professional or business man; cheap.
Apply at 1095 Howard st.
£\f\C\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy. waeon, carts, surrey
.v rockaway ; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
Af\ HOUSES FUtt SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
"v buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCO-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 680 Commercial st. S
1 CA bKTS NEW A.»L' SECOXD-HAN'U 11AK-
-1 O\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
K. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SCR-
>,eon for S. F. Police Depar'ment. Office anl
hospital. 121 «'ltv Hal; »v. ■ tolPßhoi<» Bout li 401.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
QALE OR EXCHANGE FOR BICYCLE BUSI
O ness, horse and buggy. 1 704 Pine si.
QLIGHTLy SOILED DRIV.NO GLOVES;
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAX, 109 Sansome st.
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN
■i-* dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 tine buggies. 828 Harrison st. .
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A^~^vTcirF^rE^^Dl^oTuTirLA^VS~X^SP^C^
alty; private: no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK. att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
LX. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATECOURTS~
• R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es
tates; charges moderate, offices 508 California st
MJ. NULEN, -ATTORNEY- AT-LaW. 71£
« Market st. ; vice free. - .i. ■; " .-
TJ. MURRAY. ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR Al
X • law: advice frte. 24 Sixth st-. rooms 14. 15.
WW. DAVIDSON. ATTORNEY- A l'-LA W, 42(
»' . California St.. rooms 14 and 15: advice free
BICYOLKS.
PARK CYOLERY— NEW*AVHEELS TO iIET"
x best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Me
Allister and Powell st. car lines.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE
<& C FURNITURE 4RO OMS. hTscHELL
<pOO. HAAS', 408 Eleventh st., Oakland.
EDUCATIONAL..
pOACHING BY UNI VERSITY^GKADUATEI
\j specialties. Latin. Greek, German. Address
UK, 1227 Golden Gate aye.
)lUV ATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
X es Tues. and Fri. Misses BUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
T ESSONS~ IN DRAMATIC ART. VOICE CUL-
XJ lure and poise. Address Actress, box 6. Call.
•VTEW PROPOSITION IN SHORTHAND
1.1 writing: common wrl Ing requires an average
of 5 up or down strokes nor sound, and writes 25
words per minute; therefore, if you write every
sound by one up or down stroke you may write
125 words without abbreviations. JIECHT'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25). room 708," Spreckels
building, 927 .Market si., .-an Francisco.
A IKS. MELVILLE Y DERI STUDIO 514
I'l butter; vocal music, piano, elocution; dra-
matic elocution; skirt dancing, minuet, gavotte.
etc. Vocal classes Monday at 8 p. m. ; $1 per
month.
A TTEND STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
r\. St. The very bost individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting and English branches, $1;
books free.
pOuKKEKPI.NG BY TAKRi ONLY ACCOUNT-
X) ant teaching; J/& time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACH R~OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
0 Ninth st.
OOOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAM R
X) day nl-ht;noclasses: $5 month. 84 5 Mission
1 i Ul'lAK MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 ma MAKY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
0 and Parisian, 3 lessons vr. ; $3 m. Maze bid., r. 37.
(JPaNISH,I?KENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
1 ileister»ch»ft School Languages, 122 CFarrell sf.
A YRES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
A lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship 9 50; low rates per week and month.
OELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-D Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. & and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
CCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING. MB-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab.-"64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723M1K.
TTEALD'ITBUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
XL Bookkeeping, buslnets practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.' telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. write for catalogue.
V IGMTBCHOOL;HKALi.'»iJUS. iLLKUE;'J4
i-> Post: commercial, shorthand, English: low rare*
"\riOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; RKA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 10451,2 Valencia.
MEI>IOAL,.
IRS. DR. WEGENER tXkE^LAdTeS~^E-
I'-L fore and during confinement: infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy St.
TAR. MAUD INMAN, ELKCTRIC PHYSICIAN,
X/ chronic diseases a specialty. 1055 Market st.
pSYCHO-MAGNETIC CO. CURES PARA IV-
X sis, rheumatism, insanity, heart and lung
trouble, all kinds of aches and pains, nervous
prostration and general debility, without medicine;
no charge unless cured. Room 11, 8 Mason st.,
cor. Market.
TF IRREGULAR or any female DIS-
X_ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 264Va Fourth st.
~T~ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell st»; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
V ICE PRIVATE HOMi-; IN CONFINEMENT;
i-» all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny st., room 9.™
~T MRS. DR. WEGEJVER, PRIVATE HOME
x*.. for all female diseases; separate rooms for la-
dles hole ire and during confinement: all female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, 92; Infallible preventa-
tlves, $1. 419 Eddy st-
I ADiES— CHICHESTKR'S ENGLISH PEN-
Xj ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
6afe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars. "Relief tor Ladies." In letter by return
mall; at druggists Chicheater Chemical Cum-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
XV ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
tarTjosselyn, the CREAT SPECIALIST.
U has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
•i*. stored in « few hoars; Bate and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement; regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere: you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
A from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
nerer falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately, prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DX. «£ Mas.
I)AV Iks, 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free, French regulating pink pills. 82.
RH. GOODWIN MAKES a SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women end restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no churce: separate
home for patients; best skill; medical altend-
nce: low tees; regulator. 91 1 370 Market s;.
AIRS. \V AL L A ( ■ E — MAGNETIC HEALER;
I*l rheumatism successfully treated. 20 Vi Stock-
ton st. V~
CURE CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES.
0 from whatever cause; a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYKK, 226 Turk st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
1 don't fail to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254 Vi 4th.
R. HALL. U MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
'Jones, Imeases of women and children.
% HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHEK'SCARE.
Jt\. MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth st.,Alamcda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
xx ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger:
cafe and sure; $2 50 -xpress C. O. D. ; don't delay
until 100 late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. cal.
PUOPKKTY to exchange;
XAn BAHGAI^JS^^H^T^io^^Y^U^wXNT?
t»UU 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, fromsloo to 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4.0D0
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
2 lots. dean View, 50xl'J5 600
4 stores; 28 rooms; rent $160 25,000
20 acres: Sonoma County; improved 1,000
40 acre.> near Santa Rosa 5.000
House and lot in San Jose. 1,200
House anil lot in this city 1.600
Lodgiug- house of 60 rooms in city 000
H. C. DECKER, 10..0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
piTY AND COUNTRY PKOPERTIKS TO KX-
\J change for same and other securities: state
propositions fully. Add. C. C, box 25, Call Ofllce.
WANTED— RESIDENCE POR 245 ACRES
"» fine land. 20 O'Farrell st., room 4. 9t012a. m.
ANTED— SALOON OR LODGING-HOUSE
»' for land. 20 o'Farrellst., room 4, 9 to 12 a. m.
L XCHANGE— COTTAGE AND LOT.TWENTY-
-I' .second st., near San Pablo aye.. »nd business
corner lot on Seventn st., Oaklan 1 , for improved
fruit;farm near Haywards. Address Store, 1548
Park st., Alameda.
TOQA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
l^l'U wwter: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16,Ca1l
PROPOSALS.
q¥ringT~v alley water works," 516
O California street, San Francisco. — bids
will be received at the Secretary's office of the
Spring Valley Water Works, 516 California street,
up to 12 m. on :he first day of June next, for any
part of five thousand (5000) shares of the stock of
the company, in lots of not less than ten (10)
shares.
All stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the 11th day of June following," and
must be taken and paid for on or before the 15th
of said .mouth.
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
rive (*5) dollars per share. In gold coin or certified
check. ' .
No bids will be entertained at less than ninety-
nine ($99) dollars per share.
By order or the Board of Trustees.
„ PELHaM W. AMES, Secretary.
■ San Francisco, May 21, 1896. -^Z"^'
pROPOSALS-3TATE PRISON SUI'PLIEs"
x Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk at State Prison, San Quentin, until 10
a. m.. Saturday, the 13th day of June, 1896, and
at the office of the clerk at State Prison, Folsom,
l'Sqi 9 «V 30 A h -. M A' . atllrdav - the 20th day of June
1896, at which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consist in
of subsisence stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines. lime, cement, and other staple supplies
.Tom July 1. 1896. to June 30. 1897, inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which will be
offices DPOII * pplioatlon » l either of the above
No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules nor unless accompanied by the certified
check therein required, nor from ■ any other
parties than bona-fide dealers in the" classes
of articles to be furnished. Each bidder mus"
acrompauy - his bid with a certified check
upon «ome well-known and responsible
banking-bouse for at least 10 per cent of the
amount, payable to K. M. FITZOERALD. presl-
d_ ut ot said bOard i . f his bid, conditioned that the
cet-an^'a's enter into a contract upon notice of ac-
cep:ame as n quired by law
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
ra.e.y. All payment* made on contracts will be
pa i£ in casQ or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
the schedules. .
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or under theamoun speci-
' ji-V. KLT.JS, cfeVk 1 : FITZGKKALD, President.
J. V. Elms, Clerk.
PROPOSALS FOR HAKUWAKE, PLUMBERS'
J- materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils.furulture,
fuel, stationery, printing, etc.— sealed proposals
will be received by the superintendent of Com-
mon Schoois, in open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on Wednesday, May 27 1b96, tt 8:30
o clock p. m., for furnishing* tne School Depart-
ment of the City and County of San Francisco
during the fiscal year 1896-97 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils,
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc., and for doing the
printing required during the same time, in accord-
ance with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education, new City Hall.
GEORGE BE ANSTON, Secretary.
MOSEY TO LOAM.
I" OASS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
_L jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments; interest low: private entrance: privaW
rooms; discreet attendants, at LNCLfc, i±Ati.ts.ia,
15 Grant jive. . -, ]
A TONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER- '
M cat per month for each $1000; same rate seo-
ond mortgage or Ufa insurance. Coin, box £, Call.
VI ONE V LEANED UN JEWELRY AND
VI other valuables at the Security Loan_Offlce,
HU6Marketst..ar. Mason : private entrance i icrf.
TVfOKTUAUkS. LOANS UN OOLLATERA. S;
31 low rates. Sylvain Saloman & Co.,:<2S Montgy
I iIKECT UN YUL'J; KCKNITUKE OK PIANO:
J no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bids, 1170 Market St.
a* 1 l\ A TO $5000 TO LOAN ON GOOD SECUK-
>IUU ity by private party. A. L. D., box 79,
Call. > ;
TOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
0 life insurance policies, 33u Pine St. ;
T OA.NS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
-Li diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy St.
"tST<fc_.D JIOKTUAUES; INTEKhSI'S IN X*
-Ltates:lo\vest rates:uo deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWELP.Y, ETO
J\ Columbia Loan it Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
1 to $5000 on good security. P.O. box 444, Oakland
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2JJ or 3D MORTGAGES;
L estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. Mct'OI.GAN. 24 Monrgomw.-. rtionn --:<.
~ PAWXBKOKEBS.
~/Tt 128 KEARIJY ST.,"ROOM~i^MoS_Y"
L loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal ) cheap.
—AIM-SI Still' ii.M» lSVj£l,L.lliEXVi&.
*Ailo<l.
SATURDAY. May 23.
Btmr Protection, Ellefsen.
Bchr Bessie K. Anderson, Albion.
Domestic Ports.
EUREKA— May 23— Scars Sparrow as«
H C Wright, hence May 19. ■ " -' '^,
Hailed May 23— scar Lottie Carson, for Ban Diego,
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 28— Sen*
Fanny Datard, from Ventura.
Sailed May Schrs Excelsior and G W Wat-
son, for San Francisco. _ .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 22-Schr _<-•
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed May 28— Schr Ex-
celsior, for ban Francisco.
TATOOSH — Passed May 23— Br stmr Progresslse
from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— May -3— Stmr Arago, hno
May 21. and to sail May 24 for San Franc.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 23— Schr
Hueneme, from San Pedro; slmr Lakme, from
San I'edro.
" : ASTORlA— Arrived May 23— Stmr Empire, hnc
May 19
Sailed May '-'3— Br ship Ballochmy for Queens-
town: stmr Columbia, for San Francisco.
BANDON— Arrived May 23— Sehr Rio Key, nn«
CHIGNTK BAY— Arrived Apr 23— Ship Occi-
dental, hence Apr 2.
PORT HAD LOCK— Sailed May 32— Bktn Re-
triever, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Apr 23— Nor bark Patltco-
dlac, from Yokohama.
CASPAR— SaiIed May 23— Schr Maxim, for San
Francisco.
WESTPOKT— SaiIed May 23— Stmr Laguna, for
for San Francisco.
USAL^Sailed May 513— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 23-Schr Enterprise,
hence May 11.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 23— 8tmr Noyo, for
San Francisco.
MEN DOC I NO— Sailed May 23— Stmr Navarro,
for San Francisso.
VENTURA— Arrived May 23— Stmr Oeo Loomia
hence May 21, and sailed May 23, for San Fran-
cisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 23— Schr Daisy Rowe,
for San Francisco.
Arrival May _3— Stmr Trucker, hence May 20.
TATOOSH— Passed May 23— Stmr Willamette,
hence May 20, for Seattle; stmr Mackinaw, hence
May 20. for Tacoma. ■- . •;. ;
>l \i:i;i \«.i LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Jo.sepb R. Thorp and Annie C. Blecher. 28— 33.
C J. Gienger and May A. Parker, 25—21.
W. A. Walker and Mabel K. Christopher. 22—18.
William Koehr and Jennie Ehlers. — 20.
K. Oertll and Elza tinmnael. 32—23.
mvoKot; I'KOCKiiDINGs.
Complaints filed:
Ida Bruce against Scott Bruce.
Antoine Lasalle against Jeanne Lasalle.
Ada H. Little against J. W. Little.
IWtim— MARRIAtiES-- MATHS.
BORN.
CADWELL— At Clipper Mills, Butte County, Mar
1896, to the wife of Howard W. Cadweil,
a daughter. '";••'
CHERVIN— In this city. May 20, 1893, to the
. wife of S. Chervin, a son.
CLARK— In this city, May 21, 1896, to the wife
of Fred Clark, a daughter.
CART WRIGHT— In this city, May 18, 1896. to
the wife of Charles 11. Cartwright, a son.
COOK— In this city, May 15, 1836, to the wife of
Charles Cook, a daughter.
DORGAN— In this city. May 15, 1896, to the
wife of George P. Dorgan, a daughter.
FAY— In this city. May 17, 1896, to the wife of
Joseph K. Fay, a son.
FINSTERBUSCH— In Alameda, Cnl., May 19,
1896, to the wife of J. W. Ftns:erbusch, a son.
FOXGORD— In this city. May 21, 1896, to the
wife of Niels r'o.xgord. a son.
GEGHAN— In this city, to the wife of Edward
Geghan, a so a.
HACHT-In this city. May 20, lt*96, to the wife of
Henry Ilacht. a son.
HUNTER— At Bay View, south San Francisco,
May 8, 1898, to tne wife of Henry I*. Hunter,
a son. '.-., •■■.-.
JENSEN— In this city. May 16, 1896. to the wife
of C. J. Jensen, a daughter.
KINGER— In this city. Mar 17. 1896. to the wife
of John R. Klnger, a daughter.
KNOKP— In this city, May 16, 1896, to the wife of
Albert Knorp, a son.
MITCHELL— In this city, May 14. 1893, rottie
wife of T. F. Mitchell, a daughter.
Alvarez, Joseph Ko;itine, Bridget
Beck. T. Roweyn Kelly. John
Blood. Charles Kozminsky, Harris
Cronin. Bridget V rlievltt, Ann
Coos (infant) McKenna. Teresa
Donovan. Julia E. McS.iea, John M.
Dautz. Fred Midillehofi', Uerret
Efrsrers, George H. Nelson, Mctha A.
Griffin. Jennie Peters. Marguerite J.
Gamble, James Schneider, Matthew
HawM, Harvey L. Thriss, John H.
Handley, John Wright, George W.
ALVAREZ— In this city, May 21, 1896, Joseph,
beloved husband of Jtianita Alvarez (nee Rod-
riguez), father of JuanUa Alvarez, and brother
of the late Ralph Alvarez, a native of Mexico,
aged 2f* years 5 months and 24 days.
J*3~Frlenas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from his ia°.a resi-
dence, 1403 Kearnr street, corner Union. In-
terment Italian Cemetery.
BECK— In East Oakland, May 22. 1896. T. Roweyn
Beck, a native of New York, aged 66 years X
month and 4 days..
BLOOD— In this city. May 21, 1893. Charles
Blood, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 months
and 20 days.
COOK— In this city. May 16, 1896, infant daughter
of Charles and Mary Cook.
CRONTN— In Oakland, Ma\- 22, 1896, Bridget, be-
loved wife of the late Denis Cronin, and mother
of John P., James T., Dents A., P.ober; V. . Dan
F. and the late Daniel J. Croniti, a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 56 years 3 months
and 26 days.
Friends and acquaintance* are resDeo
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of James L. McCarthy, 12 San Pablo avenue,
thence to the Church of Immaculate Conception
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Cem-
etery, San Francis
DAOTZ— lmbeCUy and County Hospital, May
23, 1896, Fred Dantz, aged 57 years.
DONOVAN— In this City, May 23 1396. Julia E.,
beloved daughter of John and th»» 'ate Mary
Donovan, and sister of Thomas, Maggie, Min-
nie. Joseph and the late John Donovan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 24 years 0 months and
23 days. [San jose papers please copy.J
<WFrlends and acquaintance* are r(Mr>»<v,-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. M., from her late
residence, 519b Kra:iuan street, thence to St.
I Rose's Cnuri-n for services, interment Mount
Calvary i emeter> - .
■eggERS— In this city, May 22, 1896. George H..
I beloved husband of Sophie Kgcers and father of
I Herman C Eggers, Mrs. Herman Meyer, Mrs.
I Theo. Hampe and Mrs. Hllmar phany, a na-
H tive of Lacershausen, Hanover. Germany, aged
I 76 years 1 month and 8 days.
■ a»-Frienas ana ' acquam.ances are respeo
I fully invited to a' tend the funeral THIS DAY
■ (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m . from his rate rest.
■ dence, 1130 Eddy street, corner Laguna, thence
■ to Masonic Temple, corner Post and Montgom-
I erv streets, where the services will be held under
I the ainpices of Hermann Lodge No. 137, F. and
H A. M.. at 2 o'clock P.M. P. ease omit flowers.
I Interment Laurel Hill Cemetnry.
HgaMBLE— In the City and County Almshouse.
■ May 17. 1896, James Gamble, a native of Ire-
■ land, aged 76 y> ars. -
Near Brentwood, Contra Costa County.
■ Cal.. May 22, Jennie, beloved wife of Thomas
■ Griffl'i, a native or Somurville, Mass., aged 22
years.
■ aSi-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
■ (Sunday), at 10 :30 o'clock a.m., ironi the Cathollo
■ Church at A ntloch.
■IASDLKY-ln Santa Cruz, May 23. John.beloved
■ husband of the late >arah Handley, an 1 father of
I Mrs. S. Mulhern and Thomas, John and Hugh
■ Handley, a native of County Rostommon, Ira-
■ lan 1, a;ad 90 years.
»AWES- In this city. May 23, 1896. Harvey L.
H Hawea, beloved husband of the late Sarah
H Hawes. and father of Mrs Robert Barnes and
■ Mrs. JOieph Silva, a native of Gl aid, Pa., aged
H 77 years mid 5 months.
■KKATING-ln this city, May 21, 1896, Bridget.
■ beloved wife of the late Dennis Keating, and
■ mother of C. J. Keal m,-. Mrs. Charles O'Connor
■ ana Mrs. M.C. Chris: in, a native of County Clare
■ Ireland, aged 71 years 6 months and 11 days.
■ A member of the Third Order of St. Dominic.
*B"Frleuds and acqualmances are respect-
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'cloclc p. m.. from her late
residence, V4l Fifth street. thence tost. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
KELLY— In Oakland. May 22. 1896. John Kelly
beloved husband of Ktty Kelly, a native of
County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 77 years.
J(3-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to nttend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'cloCK p. m., from his late
residence. 958 Castro street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
hervices will be held, commencing at 2 o'clock
p. m. Interment S?u Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
KOZMINSKY— In this city, May 23. 1898, Har-
ris, beloved husband of Sarah KozminsKy, and
father of David, Julius. Nicholas and* Viola
Ko7.mlnsky, a native of Poland, aged 56 years.
McDEVITT-In this city, May 21, 1896, Ann.
widow of the late James McDevitt, and mother
of Annie and John McDevitt. Mrs. J. Breslln
ana Mrs. P. M"OoUan, a native of County Done-
g a _-iT£, l " nd - ' Boston papers please copy.]
«5-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 oclock a.m., from her late
residence, 445 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
eiiurcli, where a requiem high mass will be
orated lor the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock _ v. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McKENN.\-ln this city. Mar 22, 1896, Teresa
beloved wife of John McKcnna, and mother of
.airs. 11. G. Anderson. Mrs. F. C. Chirm, Teresa,
Agnes, John F. and Thomas D. McKenna, a na-
tive of Dundalk, County Loulh, Ireland, aged ttO
years.
* **" iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend me funeral TO-MORROW
(.Monday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. F. C. Chirm, 602 Jones
street, thence to St. James Church, Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a requiem
nieh mass wi 1 be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
Mo'y Cross Cemetery.
JIcsHKA-ln this city. May 23, 1896, John Mor-
gan McShea, beloved husband of Margaret Mo
stiea, father of Terence, John, James, George,
Kate. Mary. Margaret and Lizzie McShea, son-
in-law of Mrs. H. Martin and brother-in-law of
Hugh Martin, a native of Ballyshannon, County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 49 years 7 months and
23 days.
l_ O~Frlends and acquaintances are n»snscfc-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
{Monday), at S:3O o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 830 Tehama street, thence to St.
Patrick's Churen, Mission street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. x.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
aiIDDLHHOKi— Inthisclty, May 23. 1893. (?er-
ret. beloved husband of Caroline Middlehoff, and
. father of William H. and the late O. K. Middle-
hoff. a native of Kmsdetten. Westphalia. Ger-
many, aeed 74 years 2 months and 25 days.
[New York papers please Copy.J
■ aa-Frlends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday), at
'2. o'clock p. m., at his late residence, 701 Laguna
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Jf Kl.pi i.V— At her home, Seminary Park, Alameda
County, May 23, 1896. Metha A., beloved wife of
Captain Charles Nelson, and mother of Mrs. Cal-
vin C. McMahan, a native of Denmark, aged 66
years and 6 months.
«£" Notice of funeral hereafter. t
PETERS— In this city. May 23. 1896. Marguerite
Josephine, dearly beloved and fourth daughter of
John T. and Norah Peters, aged 5 years 1 month
and 23 days.
SCHNEIDER— In Alameda. at his residence, 2025
Clinton avenue, Matthew, beloved husband of
Margaret Schneider, and father of Jacob M.
August A. and Lena Schneider, a native of Ger-
runny, aged 51 years 1 month and 15 days.
JKTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at i! o'clock p. v., from his late resi-
dence. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
TH KISS— In this city, May 21. 1836. John Henry,
beloved husband of Anna M. Theiss, a native of
Hessen, Germany, aged S2 years 5 months and
■ 2 days.
•^Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from Red Men's
• Hall. 610 Bush street, where services will be
held under the ausnlcs of Germania Stamm No.
83, O. O. R. M. Remains at the parlors of Theo-
dor Dierks, 957 Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth. Interment i. O. O. F. Cemetery,
WRIGHT— In Melro-i^. George \\\. beloved hus-
band of Esther Wright, a native of England,
aged 67 years.
tty Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence,
Kan Leandro road, opposite Three- mile House,
lnierment Mountain View Cemetery.
l-MTKU CXDERTAKEKS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for Fim-claij Funeral*
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
, McAVOY & CALLACHER, |
FUNERAL DIRKCTORS & EMBALMHRS,
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
Jas. McMevomfy. Chas. Me.M evoke y'.l
JAMBS HflKraOKEl & SOX, I
UNI>KKTAKKi:> A>"D K3IBAL3IISRS,
1057 MiKt>ion Street, Nenr Seventh.
Telephone No. 336*. :
JA~. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
ITNKIiAL, DIIIECTOKS,
39 Vau Ness avp., near Market st., San Francisco
Telenhone .-o. lfirt.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
P JCarolan & w.Benlcla W Johnston. Courtland
A M 6luarr, Court; ana HFleetwood&wf.fstLouls
II Casey. Sacramen:o TBDuCKwe.ler.LosAtißls
KWW.iiuscrave.Haufrd MrsW Buruham.B&nsley
W J Owens. Bensley 11 G Hope, San Jose
J L Howard, Stockton 8 H Grigsby, Willows
WASutherland.Stanford C \V Call en. Stockton
H U Tburman, .Bensley V A Adams, Col fax
H A Adams. Collax Mlsj Eastman. Los Aogls
Mrs James, Santa Ana 8 J kin*, Boston
F Hopkins, Boston Mrs Gates, San June
Miss X Gales. lios Gatos X Gate.-i, Los Oatos
6 C Gillis, P»!o Alto J, A Sheldon, Pasadena
I Muir Jr. Ban Antonio .Miss t' IS Martines
J P Smith. Palo Alto 11 Maggard. Sacramento
J Hogan, Catallna Mrs Wyiie&f.PTownsend
P. D Badger, Illinois 1! Mori Los Angeles
■\V L Kodden, Oakdale W C Good. Santa ilosa
C F Bean, Los Angeles \V II UibsoD, Cincinnati
J J Binke, Mexico J C Martin & fy.sta Rosa
X P Loraden. Napa C X McLouth&w.N York
W A Chapman, Chico J. Antler, Denver
8 H Davis. Sacramento 11 Burnbam, Sacramento
J Seadler <fe fy, Sacmnto J T Stall, Sacramento
J Drlscoll. Sacramento Miss Driscoll, Sacramnto
G M Bragg & da, Sacto A llaslai-lier, Stanford
J Z Anderson <3s wf, San Jose
PALACK HOTEL.
F F Moller * w, N V Miss Jerry, X V
W T Smith, Elko I .lacobson, N V
T Harrington, Colnsa J Powers, Redwood
W W Fooie, Oakland J T Dennis, Reno
C J Sharon, Virginia E V Matthews, Wash
Miss L Brown. Stanford Miss M 8 Brown. Stanfrd
C W Sticks, Tacoma <; \V Banks & w, I'hila
Ml.xf Banks, Phila Miss J 8 Banks, i'hiu
J S Calhoun <fe w, Phlla Mrs X Cary, Boston
Miss i ary, Boston Miss Silsbee, Boston
Miss E Swift, Boston D M Addison, ÜBN
C D Steams, ITS J F More Jr. Belmont
Mrs C W L-each.OakJand C Heine, Stanford
Miss A B Grigg*,Tacoma \V L Israel & w, L, Angls
J W Enos, Tacomo J Haley
C Heil!(?. Portland V 1. Berry, Stanford
Mrs J X Craig, NY II I' Cross, Stanford
J C Lyon, Baltimore IFKubel & w, Chicago
R C Rogers, Buffalo 11 L Canter & W, M V
Dr Knopf & wife A Nichols, NY
i' Boughten. M Gicbergreen, Chicago
Mrs T J Gains, N V Mrs. Van Hagen, S Jose
Mrs P Germond Miss W Van Hagen.SJose
i >' Buck, San^Jose Miss T Van Hagen.SJose
LXX HOUSE.
L L Stephens, San Jose B Timmons, Cal
>' C: Kear^off. Cal Mrs J M Walsh, Stockton
3 H Colt-man, Nev Miss Walsh, Stockton
J Davis, Seattle A C McLean, Redding
F A Schneider & wf, Col- J A Mcl can, Redding
legeParK Mrs Uarter, Ohio
Wlt Gilbert, Stockton Mrs Wallace, Ohio
X M Walsh, Stockton W Sexton, San Jose
Miss G Walsh, Stockton Miss It Lower Lake
Mrs H W Meyers, Or Miss V Levy, Lower Lake
Miss O'Meara, Sta Rosa Miss M O'Brien, S Diego
Miss B Walsh, Stockton Miss L O'Brien. Sn Diego
Miss Belle Cunningham, MmM McCoust.Hanford
Hanford I. Farrell, Santa Cruz
W J JJussey, Mt Hamll- G ilueter. Alma
ton • C C Schneider, CollejjePk
G W Rice, San Miguel U F Arnold & w.Stocktn
J A Louttit it wf, ckn J J McSweeney, StaKoea
W J JUynes, Los Angeles H Meyer, Sacramento
A Anderson, Oakland O A Miller, Fresno
J I- O'Brien, San Diego H 11 Preston, Los Ang
W Eu;terlield, Cal J M Wilmans. Newman
J E Has 1 -, susuaville J J Smith, Stockton;
BUSS HOUSE.
H ■<•>■, Mo J R White. Ventura
W 8 Sparks, Lincoln . — McAvoy &w. Lincoln
li C Smith, Portland Mrs L B Haymond, Linen
O Robb, La - 0 AlUerg, Monterey
T bcoily, Mich C H Eaton, Reno
E M<:(}ettlgan, Vallejo MrsJ H Cottrell.Capltola
C E Blake, l.os Angeles R Moore, Healdsburs
A B :-nlder it w. -oin'.'l C II Trim, San Jose
W Richardson, Truckle LB Seymour, Petaluma
Mrs Williams, WjulaWa! s W Jacobs, Summit
W Floyd, aonora Prof DrScbaunslandA w,
E J Murnhy. Ix>s Anels Bremen, Ger
L J Kouler, I .cm Angeius J If Rolls. San Rafael
C M Lynch, Chicago C Anserg. Monterey
J B Overtoil, .Niv Mrs A grow <fc dgt, Idaho
S \V Jacobs, Soda Sprgs Mrs J 11 yon Scnmldt <JS
E P Newhall, Wash dgt, San Mateo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. " i ■
L Sbelborn. N J J M Cannon w, N V
Miss Mi;ia Cannon, H V Otto Wilson. Rio Vista
Mr O'Neill & s.l'.So Vista T I-eichtensteln, Sacto
X Zemansky, Sacto II Bennet, SioCKton
II W Anderson .t w, Cal W J Grrsham' <fe w, Cal
C G Tong, Stockton , a I'erry, Stockton
(i C Brayson «i" w, Cal C smart, Stockton
D X Jones. Boston C D Fort. Buffalo
I, Klrby <fc g, Buffalo Ji B Arnold, Ariz
J C Colman, Shnsta » G Mlcheis, Santa Rosa
G R Frederick, Sisson Max Maru*ueca, Cal
J Henry, Contra Costa J Grillln. Watson viile
M Foster, Watsonvllle
BALDWIN BOTH.
C F Oliver & w, San Jose G D Peters, Orovllle
p J Knrtght, NY Ci, Barker, M v
J E Smltn, Sacramento Mrs Smith, Sacramento
W V Rowell <t w, ill 0 Daniel it w, Atlanta
B Gibson, NY . Q Presley, Cbl
Dr 1. Case, Ukiah I Epplnger, Crockett
M G Fridman, st Louis > o Carmack. Si Louis
C H Field & w, San Jose J H Hunter, N V
W D Davis, Afghanistan Mrs II Scott, Selina
P Williams, Los Angeles C Mulier, Woodland
y A Jones Sacramento G A Tulley, Sacramento
it Burns, Seattle W 11 Uibsuu, Cincinnati
MRS, LASHER IS
A NEW WOMAN,
Messiah Young's Explana
tion of Fruitvale'c
Excitement.
CERTAINLY NO COW.
Will Open His Campaign in
a Public Hall To-
Day.
NOT AFRAID OF WHITECAPS.
He Says He Is Willing to Be Killed,
but That He Will Not B3
Coerced.
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, May 23. )
F. F. Young, who has been threatened
with tar and feathers for his messianic
methods at Fruitvale, has tnken a new
stand. He declares tbat Mrs. Lasher has
been made a new woman by his teachings
and that her mind is not unbalanced.
Young is not a coward, however much
of a crank he may be. He has recognized
that it was wise for him to withdraw from
Lieutenant Lasher's home, but he has
only moved a few blocks away. He is now
with his family on the corner of Lynde
and Sunset avenues, Fruitvale.
'That threatening letter was thrown on
the grass early Tuesday morning," said
Young to-day. "It was written in a busi
ness-like hand and I gave it to the uolice.
It may have been boy's work, but I don't
iaake light of it. They can kill me if they
like, but they can't scare me out of town.
Let them do their worst. I rest in the
hands of the Lord."
To prove that he means what he says
F. F. Young issued notices to-day that the
"School of Christ as conducted by F. F.
Young will now be held at Thomas' Hall,
beginning first Lord's day.' 1
Young calls himself the "steward" of
the new order, and in explaining his doc
trines this afternoon he »aid: "I teach the
simple gospel of Jesus Christ as found in
the New Testament. We do not believe in
denoniinationalism. It is purely faith
work and we welcome every one who pro
fesses Christianity. For subsistence we
depend entirely on free will offerings and
the Lord abundantly provides. Within
tbe past three years our work has cost
$5000.
"When I started in this faith I was a
Presbyterian minister, and had served my
church for seventeen years. We then had
a fin\» home in Tacoma which I conse
crated to the Lord, and now it has gone
entirely in his service.
"The statements that Mrs. Lasher has
supported tue school are not true. She
rii«l give us her house to take rare of. M rs.
Fleming, her vile mother, has stirred up
all this mus«, and is entirely responsible
for tbe trouble. She made life unbearable
for her daughter, Mrs. 1.3-her, and in
sisted in indulging in worldly things. She
even went so far as to have single men
come to the house to card parties. This
Mrs. Lasher thought, with me, was
scandalous.
"Mrs. Fleming does not believe in reli
gion and does not like the idea that her
daughter is a Christian, that is all. Mrs.
Lasher was wonderfully saved and she
realizes it. Our work has taken her out of
the low-grade society which she was raised
in and ma<le a new women of her. Why,
when they say Mrs. Lasher is out of her
mind they do not know what they are
talking about. She is as clear-headed as
any woman in Oakland. Those stories are
more of her mother's fabrications.
"Our life is not a worldly one. We
must renounce this world and live only as
the Lord commands. This We are doing,
ana it does not matter much what the
people think.
"Mrs. Lasher has been trying to get rid
of her mother and sister for a long time
and that ih one reason why she moved to
the Galmdo Hotel some time ago.
"Why, just as soon as 1 found out that
Mr. Lasher objected to my living in his
house, and after the vile reports from Mrs
Fleming had been circulated, I racked up
and moved. Oh, no, i don't think the
whitecaps' letters bad much to do with it
but then I don't want any trouble."
HAM OBJECTED TO PAY.
Alleged That His Daughter
Was Maltreated at a
Sanitarium.
Seven Times the Amount of a Note
Thrown Away Try.ng to Re
cover Its Value.
Oakland Office Fak Francisco Call,)
. 908 Broadway, May 23. f
A very interesting and peculiar suit was
decided by a jury last night in the Superior
Court.
Several months ago the daughter of a
Mr. Ham was taken to the Goldson Sani
tarium in tnis city. Alter being there
some time the gin was sent home, sup
posed to be cured. Not long after she
died.
An autopsy was held and the result
showed that Miss Ham had died of peri
tonitis, due to a very delicate operation
performed, it was alleged, very unskill
tully by Mrs. Dr. Goldson. The yoang
Jady had been treated for malarial fever,
and her father declared after the autopsy
that his daughter's death was due to mal
practice.
Previous to her death Mr. Ham had
paid a large amount for his daughter's ex
penses at the hospital, and there was a
balance of $100. for which Ham gave hia
note. When it became due he refused to
pay it on the ground that Mrs. Dr. Gold
son had never rendered the services
charged for, and that but for her treat
ment the girl might still be alive.
buit was then brought for the note, and
seven expert drctors were put on the stand
for three days, the united expenses of these
witnesses alone being more than three
times the amount of the note. The case
.occupied several days and was given to the
Jury last night. G. W. Monteith appeared
for Ham, and after a short argument a
verdict was returned against Goldson.
The case was first tried in a lower court
about a year ago and the jury found for
Mr. Ham. There was an appeal, and
again the evidence of the doctors was ac
cepted as proof that the money was never
earned.
Altogether not less than $750 has been
spent over the $100 note.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23.— Eddie Foy,
in "The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown," will appear at the Macdonough,
Monday evening, Jane 1.
By guaranteeing an immense sum of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
money, Manager Cook has secured Ada
Kenan aud the Daly Company for one
performance at the Macdojjough, Tuesday
evening, June 9. "The School for Scandal '
will be presented. Owing to the great de
mand for seats, a subscribers' s>ale will be
opened next Tuesday morning, continuing
until Saturday night, May 30. The regu
lar sale opens Tuesday, June 2, at 9a. m.
The extraordinary importance of this en
gagement is attractinx much attention,
and the occasion will be a notable social as
well as dramatic event.
•• .1 .■•ins' Army " Soldiers.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23.— Peter Dug
gen and a man named Buch from San
Francisco are trying to raise funds with
which to start a branch of what is called
"Jesus' Army." Duggen says he is the
general of tbe army and is well satisfied
with the resuJt of his soliciting in this city.
The men wear Salvation Army uniforms
aud red caps.
Recommend a New Prlaon.
OAKLAND, Cat,., May 23.— The Grand
Jury has decided that a new city prison
is a necessity and will recommend that
one be built. In nearly all the reports of
the grand juries for several years there
has appeared the same recommendation.
Killbourn, the man who walked out of his
cell yesterday, haa not yet been caught.
Merchants' Concert*.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23.— The mer
chants of thi9 city have made arrange
ments to give open-air band concerts every
Saturday evening. The first one was given
last week. The object of the movement is
to attract people from the outside towns,
and to give the city a lively appearance.
BOARD OF TRADE.
Active Steps to Be Taken In Regard to
th« Second Annual Expoaition.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23.— A. special
meeting of the board of directors of the
Oakland Board of Trade has been called
for next Wednesday evening at 8 o'cloct.
A committee will be present from the Oak
land Exposition to confer with the di
rectors of the Oakland Board of Trade
officially in regard to a permanent exhibit.
Standing committees will be appointed
at this meeting, and suggestions are in
order from each director" as to the be^t
means of interesting all the members of
the board, also the whole community and
its environment. An endeavor will be
made to arrange for a regular monthly
meeting of all members of the hoard of
Trade. Any other matters of interest to
the board of directors can be taken up at
this meeting.
MYSTERY OF THE WATERS
The Drowned Woman Identified
in Alameda as Sophie
Nureoberger.
Ex-Jockey Charles Walker in Jail for
His Method of Repa3 T ing a
Frienily Doctor.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 23.— The woman
whose body was cast up by the waves at
tbe foot of Park street, Monday morning,
has at last been identified.
ilvr name is Sophie Nurenberger, and
she was born at Frankfort-on-Main. She
came to the United States tea years ago
and found employment as a nurse. She
has one sister in New York named Mrs. A.
Haas.
She was in San Jose for two months and
left there a fortnight before her death.
Mrs. If. M. Koshland, 2266 Franklin
street, and Mrs. F. Simon, 151 Virginia
avenue. San Francisco, are the ladies who
recognized her this morning.
fche left Rabbi Nieto's hohse, San Fran
cisco, where she was in service, Friday,
May 15, without telling anyone where she
was going.
Al! sorts of rumors are abroad as to the
way she came by her de:tth. She was not
destitute, for she had money in her pocket
I and carried a watch. She was not robbed,
i tor she carried these things when her
body was found.
The evidence of her friends goes to show
that she fell off the wbarl into tbe bay, as
!<he suffered from hysteria and severe
headaches. She will be buried to-morrow
in Mountain View Cemetery.
A Bay District Relic
ALAMKDA. Cal., May 23. — Charles
Walker, previously a jockey until he was
ruled off the Hay District track with the
well-known "Little Pete," is in the City
Prison. He was suffering and sought the
adv : ce of Dr. Keyes, promising to work
the medical ice out a? janitor. While do
ing so, it is alleged, he contrived to make
away with a bedstead belonging to Dr.
Humphreys, five chair?, a bedstead and a
couch from Dr. W. O. Smith's rooms, and
other property from the office of Dr. Keyes.
Last night the City Marshal arrested him
on Oak street, and since then the property
has been recovered.
Goea to a Higher Conrt.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 21— The suit of
W. H. Crozer against the Southern
Pacific Company for the sum oi $2!«y 1)9
damages for being ejected from a train at
Lorin on April 8, while traveling between
Alameda and Berkeley, .was dismissed this
morning for want of jurisdiction. Another
action has been commenced by his at tor
ni y, EL b. Tappan. in the Superior Court,
asking for $1000 damages.
Tjrler Property Sale.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 28.— A large
number of persons attended the sale of
the Tyler property this afternoon, but
the biddin* was raiber dull and the prices
were not wholly satisfactory. The Tyler
residence of twelve rooms, on lot 54x154,
brought |2400, and the unimproved lots
from $580 to $820 each, G. F. Waterson
being the main purchaser.
Kelay Race. .
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 23. — In the
Academic Athletic League's twenty-fiv»»
mile relay race to-day the Lowell High
School of San Francisco came in first, in
1 hour 13 mm., and the Polytechnic sec
ond, in 1 hour 20 mm.
HERMAN WARSZAWIAK.
Rev. Dr. Ca*e Inclined to Think His
Record All Right.
"All I know about Herman Warszawiak,
the superintendent of the American Mis
sion to the Jews," said Rev. Dr. Case last
evening, "is that when he came here from
New York he brought with him the high
est testimonials. 1 remember in particu
lar seeing among other letters one
signed by the Rev. John Hall of the First
Presbyterian Church of the metropolis.
""When Mr. Warszawack preached in my
church last Wednesday, considerable dis
turbance was created by some of the Jews
in the audience. There is a very bitter
feeling against him among his Jewish op
ponents, and if there be any accusation of
forirery banging over him. I suppose that
18 where it originated. This is the lirst
time I have heard any mention of it, and
in consequence lam unable to give you the
least information. Wherever he has ap
peared in this City, Mr. Warszawiak haa
drawn larire audiences.
"What the results will be so far as the
conversion of the Jews is concerned time
alone will show.
"To-morrow morning ne will speak at
the First Baptist Church, and in the even
ing at the P'irst Presbyterian."
Franchise Tuxes.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23.— The latest
suits of the electric railroads to recover
taxes paid under protest on the assess
ments made by Assessor Dalton last year
on their franchises are those of the Ala
meda. Oakland and Piedmont Company,
which desires to recover $885 from the
county and $500 from the city, and the
Oakland Consolidated Street Railroad to
secure fISSS . r WJ from the county and f 100
from t tie city.
GAVE HIS FLESH
FOR HIS SISTER,
Little Dickey Overley Is
an Eleven- Year-Old
Hero.
SAVED A BURNED LIMB.
Marched to the Operating-Table
a Very Willing Sac
rifice.
BOTH ARE NOW RECOVERING.
Priscilla Overley Was Seriously Hurt
a Month Ago in a Steam
Laundry.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call |
908 Broadway, May 23. f
Little Richard Overley is a hero. He
came borne to-day from Fabiola Hospital
Dickey Overley, the Lincoln School Toy Who Gave a Piece of His Leg to Save
His Sister's Arm.
after having willingly sacrificed a large
piece of his left leg to save his sister's arm.
When Dickey knew that liis sister's limb
could not be saved and would never heal
unless some living flesh and skin were
grafted onto the hand and wmt from
which the flesh had been burnt he did not
. hesitate a moment. As soon as the doc
| tors announced that such a sacrifice was
[ necessary the father unhesitatingly told
! them to take it from him, but when the
: time came circumstances made it advisa
| ble that the breadwinner be not taken
j from his work. Little Richard at once
i offered himself and was accepted. In a
! few weeks his sister will have a well,
[ though somewhat scarred hand and the
'< young hero will carry a large scar on his
I'g1 'g through life.
Five weeks ago there was an accident at
: the Contra Costa laundry. Priscilla
I Overley, a girl 16 years of age, was en
! gaged in feeding clothes to a large and
| powerful ironing machine. In some man
i ncr not yet fully explained her left hand
was caught between the steam roller and
horribly mutilated. Part of the flesh was
torn off and part was burnt. PriscMa was
at once taken to Fabiola Hospital and, al
though everything possible was done for
her hand, it became evident tnat it would
never heal unless some living flesh were
grafted onto it.
llarry Overley, the father, did not hesi
tate to at once offer the desired flesh, and
it was at first intended that lie should
supply it. Overley has been a particularly
unfortunate man during the past two
years. He was in the employ of the rail
road at the time of the great strike. With
hundreds of others he went out, and, so
far as the railroad is concerned, he has
been out ever since. He has made several
honest attempts to start himself in busi
ness, but has not met with success. At
present he is struggling with an unre
munerative little shop which is attended
to by his wife.
At the time of the accident he was out
of work. Since then, however, he has ob
tained employment and as his family are
in need of support he does not feel like
laying off. When the time came, last
Monday, when the flesh was needed, the
doctors said that they would prefer to
take it off the little boy and that it would
be better not to incapacitate the father
from earning that which is so necessary.
The boy did not hesitate a moment. He
considered it an honor to give up anything
to save his Bister's band and his offer was
accepted.
Last Monday the little fellow walked ont
to the hospital. He was more than will
ing to Btand the pain, and even when he
fully understood what a large quantity
was required he did not flinch a particle.
He marched up to the operating-table and
with a good-natured smile told the doctors
to go ahead.
It took a long time to get through with
the operation, and although Dicsey only
took a very light dose of ether, he bore it
bravely. A few hours later it had been
transferred to nis sister's hand, and the
two young sufferers were discussing the
subject as though it were done every day
in the year.
Dickey was at home to-day, and proudly
said that he had been able to walk two
blocks. He suffers from his leg, and his
gait is a very lame one, but he is one of
the rosiest-cheeked, healthiest boys in
Oakland- He smiles naturally every tima
he speaks. *
"I would do anything for my sister," he
said this afternoon. "I did not mind it a
bit. Of course it hurt some, but it will
soon be well. My sister's hand will soon
be well, too. After the doctor examined
me and said that my flesh was just the
kind that would suit I wanted to give it.
Nobody induced me to do it, but it was
better for me to go to the hospital than
father, as he has been out of work to long,
ana has only just got another job. I'll be
around in a day or two. but I'm sorry that
I had to miss two weeks' school."
Dickey is a pupil of the Lincoln School
and there is little doubt he will soon catch
up on the other pupils, as he has too much
grit to allow two weeks to make much dif
ference to him.
Mrs. Overley, Richard's mother, says the
lad is very pleased at the thought that a
little sacrifice on his part should have
proved such a blessing to his sister.
Both children are making good progress,
although it will be several weeks before
Priscilla is able to leave the hospital.
EBELL CLUBROOMS.
A Women's Society Which May Have
m Beaatiful Building for Social
Purposes.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23.— The Ebell
Society of this city may have quarters in a
bnilding erected exclusively for club pur
poses. W. I. Reed, the lumber merchant,
has presented such a proposal to the so
ciety and they now have it under consid
eration. The idea is to have a |15,000
wooden building of two stories, covering a
ground area of 50x100 feet. The outside
will be of classic design, while inside it
will be finely finished.
The location is at the comer of Thir
teenth and Harrison streets, the frontage
to be on the former. The proposal is that
the Ebell shall take a five years' lease of
the lower floor and dictate the internal
construction and arrangement. The upper
floor is to be a hall ior purposes in con
sonance with the club idea. That is, lor
private entertainments. It would be for
people who wish to entertain friends
who could find in such a hall a place
where they could do it with aa much
elecanceasin their own homes and with
more convenience. The entrance for this
would be on Harrison street.
Should the Ehell decide to take a lease
of tbe building they will endeavor to bring
in as its tenants a number of other clubs.
The Friday Morning Club would doubt
less po there, and the Berkeley Club would
be offered inducements to also become
domiciled there. In short the new struc
ture would become a social center.
DAVIS DECLINES.
Will Not Sever His Connection With
the Firnt Christian
Church ,
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23.— Rev. C. Ed
wards Davis will not leave Oakland. He
decided to-day to decline the call from the
First Christian Church of San Francisco,
He was led to his decision jartly by the
following letter from the trustees:
Oakland, Cal., May 19, 1896.
Rev. Edwai ds Davis— Dkak Brother: In ap
prehension of the possibility of your accepting
the call to the First Christian Church of San
Francisco we, he undersigned officers of the
) Central Christian Church of Oakland, do nio-t
! earne-tly request that you will not consider a
| removal from us at this time.
The i;nreiise of membership points to the
I success of your pastorate, and the lame audi
ences show mat you have aroused the atten
tion and interest of the community. In the
belief that you will establish a strong and per
manent church here, we therefore desire that
you will continue your connection with us as
pastor. Richard Weeks, Dr. J. J. Caldwell
George C. Hibbard, John W.Metcalf, S. P. Tate.
E. B. Lyman.
Since entering upon his present pastor
ate, Rev. C. E. Davis has increased the
size of his congregation to three times its
original membership. His u*ual Sunday
evening attendance Is about 1000.
DEATH'S SUMMONS.
Three Well-Known Women Called to
Their Krnunl.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 23.— Tbe homes
of three prominent residents of this city
have been saddened by the dark-winged
angel of death during the past twenty-four
hours.
Mrs. Augusta M. Miller, wife of W. E.
Miller, vice-president of the Oakland Bank
of Savings, was taken last night after lone
sufferings with heart trouble and dropsy.
She was a native o! New York, 60 years of
age, and has resided hers twenty-three
years.
Mrs. Fannie E. Thornburgh. wife of ex-
Councilman M. K. Thornburgh, died this
morning at tbe family residence, 1474
Eighth street. She was a native of Ken
tucky and has recided in this City twenty
one years.
Mrs. Mertha A.fXelson, wife of Captain
Charles Nelson, tbe San Francisco lumber
dealer, died to-day at h»r home on Semi
nary avenue. She was 60 years of age and
bad resided here for many years.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
90S Broadway, May 23. \
Rev. Edwards Cader Davis decided to-day to
decline the call given him by the Christian
churcninSan Francisco and so notified the
committee.
The Board of Education will hold a special
meeting Monday night to consider the repair
in of the old High School building for a man
ual training school.
Michael Ghiradelll. who was but recently
acquitted on the charge of being an accom
plice in the murder of Felice Yarni, will be
sued by his wife, Antonetta, for a divorce on
the grounds of extreme cruelty.
County Treasurer Sanford has returned from
his trip to the State treasury, to which he took
$199,190 33 of county funds. This sum repre
sented the second installment of money which
Alameda County owed the State.
In the suit of Joshua R. Mead and others
against Constance Mead to set aside a trust
condition relative to a tract of land on San
Pablo avenue, near Twenty-sixth street, judg
ment hag been entered for plaintiffs.
There will be a reception given those who
attended the State Christian Endeavor Con
vention in San Jose last week at the First Con
gregational Church Tuesday evening. There
■will be several short addresses and a social
time.
GIRLS AND BOYS
ON THE TRACK,
Grammar School Field Day
at the Berkeley
Oval.
SMALL BLOOMER GIRLS.
Young Athletes in Sprints, High
and Broad Jumps and the
Shot-Put.
BUSY DAY FOR PAUL UTH.
All the Grammar Schco's of Oakland
in the Contest— Prizes to B?
Awarded.
BERKELEY, Cal., May L>3.— Girls of the
seven lower grades of the Oakland gram
mar schools took a prominent part in the
trramraar-school held day held this after
noon at the U. C. cinder-track.
Thecortests of the day were witnessed
by one of the largest crowds that ever gath
ered at the Berkeley oval, all the grammar
schools of Oakland being represented by
school children and their parents.
On the west side of the cinder-track a
fifty-yard course was measured off, aud the
crowd gathered round to watch the girls'
races. There were seven series, one of each
grade from the first to the seventh. The
girls of the eighth grade did not race.
Presumably they regarded such pastimes
as beneath the dignity of young ladies of
almost high-school .standing.
There was a large number of entries
from the other grades. The sraail girls of
the first grade were the beginners of the
infant co-eds' contest. Some of them wore
bloomers, and the crowd cheered when
the smallest bloomer girls on record toed
the starting line and sprinted for the finish.
The boys had 75, 100 and 44u yard races,
high jumps, broad jumps and shotputs.
The number of entries was record-break
ing, and if no other record was broken it
was because none have been established,
no regular series of grammar school con
tests having been instituted.
There were Japanese youngsters among
the coming athletes who struggled lor
their respective grades and schools, and
colored boys and girls took part in the
day's sports.
The affair was under the management
of Paul (jth, superimendent of physical
instruction in the Oakland grammar
schools, who SDent one of the busiest da\ s
of his life looking after the wonderfully
complicated entry lists and scores.
After it was all over Uth was unable to
announce which school had won, but
promised to give a day to it and arrange
for the distribution of prizes next week.
The supremacy appeared to lie between
the Lincoln and Prescott schools.
Following are the results cf the girls'
races :
First grade— Charlotte Thomas, Lafayette
School, first; Alma Ferris, Lafayette, second;
Ella Donaldson, Franklin, third.
Second graue—C race Swanwell, Cole School,
fir.>t; Nellie Strathearn, Groye-strtet, second;
Beatrice Adney. Latay.-tte. third.
Third grade — Ella Valentine. Harrison
School, first; Annie Lebere, Lafayette, second;
Nettle Anton, Harrison, tnini.
Fourth grade — Mamie Town send, Swett
School, first ; Emma Peterson, Tompkins. sec
ond; Carrie Pfenniger. Prescott, third.
Fiftn grade — Annie Barratint, Tompkins
School, first; Evelyn Falcouey, Clawson, sec
ond ; Mamie Wolfe, Harrison, "third.
Sixth grade— Kate Manning. Clawson School,
first; Ida Holton, Lincoln, second; Isabel Ger
rish, Lincoln, third.
Seventh grnde — May Good, Lincoln School,
first; Mabel Maurer, Tompkins, second; Mag
gie Miichell, Cole, third.
The boys' fifty-yard dashes resulted as
follows:
First grade— E. Fink, Cole, first; E. Frick
stadt, Franklin, second; E. ilcCargar, Cole
third.
Second grade— James Ragner, Prescott, first;
Leslie Taylor, Franklin, second; Walter Mul
key, Prescott, third.
Third grade-Eugene Cortage. Prescott. first;
Willie \Vo;ff, Prescott, second; Eddie Pratt,
Lincoln, third.
Fourth grade — Rector Vanderberg, Lafayette,
first; Frank Crane, Lafayette, second; Char
ming Hail, Cole, third.
Fifth grade— Clifford Jacobs, Lafayette, first;
Edward Palmer, Durant, second; Leonard
Clark, Tompkins, th;rd.
Following are the results of the track
and field contests of the other classes:
Sixth grade: Running high jump— A.
Watcher, Cole School, first, -1 feet '2 inches; W.
SDeares, Franklin, second.
Running broad jump— X. Knott, Garfield
School, first, 13 feet 10 inches; A. Watcher,
Cole, second, 13 feet 7 inches; P. Ivor?, Claw
son, third.
Putting eight-pound shot— A. Watcher, Cole
School, first, 23 feet 6 inches; Charlie Con
nors, Cole, second, 22 feet 5 inches; K. Knott
Garlield School, third.
75-yard dash — Ritter, Durant School,
first; K. Knott, Garfield, and W. Spearcs,
Franklin, lied for second. Time, lOljf seconds.
Seventh grade: High jump— Gilmore, Du
rant School, H. Edwards, Lincoln. School, G.
Dunn, Cole School, and G. Murdock, Garrield,
lied at 4 feet 2 inches.
Running broad jump — Whitman, Durant,
first, 15 feet 1 inch; G. Murdock, Garrield, sec
ond, 14 fee: 6 l inches.
Putting eight-pound shot— P. Mooar, Frank
lin, first, 31 feet 1 inch; D. Valentine, Frank
lin, second; H. Edwards, Lincoln, third.
75-yard dash, first heat — Logue, Clawson
School, first; F. Feringtyky, Prescott, second;
W. Logan, Clawson, third. Time, 10 2-5 sec.
Second heat— P. Mooar, Franklin, first; L.
Melquinond, Prescott. second; E. Clough, Gar
field. third. Time, 10 sec
Third heat— A. Silvon, Garfield, first: D. Val
entine, Franklin, second ; G. Bothwell, third.
Time, 10 sec. '
Fourth heat— A. Whitman, Durant, first; R.
Tuttle. Durant, second; P. Wagerstadt third.
Time, 9% sec. •
Eight;, grade: running high jump— W. M.
Creed, Lincoln School, first, 4 feet, ti inches;
1 Chester Ames, W. Quigley, H. MoComb, Du
rant School; F. Fleming, Lincoln School; C.
W. Embury, Garfield School, tied for second at
4 feet 4 inches.
Running broad jump— R. Right, Lincoln
School, 15 feet 9 inches; F. Fleming, Lincoln
School, secend, 15 feet 6 inches: C. Ludlow,
Cole School, third.
Putting 12-pound shot— R. Right, Lincoln
6chool, first, 29 feet 9 inches; Will Creed, Lin
coln School, second, 29 feet 4 inches; 11. Me-
Comb, Durant School, third, 27 feet 5 inches.
Seventy-five yard dash, first heat — Flem
ing, Lincoln School, first; W. Quigly, Durant
School, second; Chester Ames, Durrant, third.
Time, 9% seconds.
Second heat— McComh, Durant, C. R. Right,
Lincoln, tied; H. Carleton, Lincoln, second.
Time, 9 seconds.
" Third heat— Creed, Lincoln School, first;
E. Ludlow, Carleton, and W. Embrey, Garfleld,
second. Time, 10 seconds.
Ninth Running high jump: Henri
Mohr, Durant, first, 5 feet 4 inches ; Percy
Teeple, Garfleid, .second. 4 feet 10 inches';
Byron Hennckson, Franklin, third.
Running broad jump— y Teeple, Garfield,
first, 17 feet I\i inches; Henri Mohr, Durant,
second, 17 feet; A. Cadogan, Lincoln, third, 16
feet -I!, inches.
Putting 12-pound Charlie Bennetts,
Prescott. first, 84 feet 9 inches; Walter Griffin,
Prescott, second, 31 feet 1 inch; Percy Teeple.
Garfleld, third.
100-yard dash— Percy Teeple, Garfield, first;
A. Cadogan, Lincoln, second. Time, UK sec
onds.
440-yard • dash— A. Cadogan, Lincoln, first;
Percy Teeple, Garfield, second; Henri Mohr,
Durant, third. Time, 59}£ seconds.
democratic Primaries.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 23.— The Dem
ocratic primary .election will be held in
Berkeley on June 5, and at Golden Gate
and Temescalon the same day. From the
present outlook it would seem that there
will be two tickets in the field, represent
, ing the Foote and Laymance and the Dag
Auction Sales
GRAND ACCTIOJ SALE
IN THE BANCROFT BUILDING,
721 market Street,
Between Third and Fourth.
TO-MORROW.
Monday May 25,' 1890,
At 2 o'clock and 7:30 r. m.
WE WILL, SKI.I,
A MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF
ROYAL DAJISH TERPiA-COTTA.
Splendid pieces of Cloissoner, rare pieces of An-
tique Satsuma, Ivory Goods Carved tiandalwood,
Bric-a-Brac of all kinds. Gents' Furnishing Goods,
Ladies' Garments and Notions, 3 New Upright
Pianos, 3 Baby Grand Pianos, etc., without reserve.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
. ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art.
419 KKARNY ST.
TO-MORROW.
Monday ...May 25, 1896,
AT 2 P.M.
More than 100 cases of new goods ex S. S. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods, including Rugs of
every size, Antique Hronzes, Kagu Satsnma,Awata,
Cloisonne, Blshue, Kochi. etc., etc.
Two elegant presents given to the ladles daily
attending thy sale at 2p. jr. Chairs for the ladies.
F. T. KKKLAK. Auctioneer.
JOSEPH T. TERRY,
General Auctioneer, Furniture Buyer
and Insurance Agent,
Office— 3o Montgomery Street.
Grand Auction Sale of High-Grade
Bicycles. To-Morrow, Monday, May
25, 1896. at warerooms. 844 Market
St., opp Fourth, at 2 P. M.,
I will sell, without limit or reserve, a large con-
signment of up-to-date bicyles. The attention of
the genera! public Is called to the above.
J. T. TERRY. Auctioneer.
gett and Fitzgerald win^s of the De
mocracy.
Memorial Services.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 2;!.— Memorial
services will be held to-morrow evening in
the North Berkeley Congregational
Church. Rev. J. Ciarke li.bbiiisi will
preach. Lookout Mountain Post No. 88
and Lookout Mountain ildief Corps will
attend in a body.
The Adams Suit.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23.— Edson E.
Adams, John C. Adams and Julia P. A.
Prather, heir of the Adams estate, have
brought suit against the city of Oakland to
recover $760 76 with interest from Novem
ber 25, 1895, and fora similar sum with in
terest from April 27, 18W, which they claim
was unlawfully charged as taxes last year.
The complaint sets forth that tbe city of
Oakland adopted the assessment made for
State and county taxation, as the assess
ment for municipal taxation for the year
1896, but unlawfully assessed the property
as the same was made by the County As
sessor beiore the assessment was equalized
by the County Board of Equalization,
namely $4f>().200. when it should have been
$289,000. The amount of city taxes on said
property for 1886 was ijWJO 90.
iilgpepl
IDftfit*
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
HOTEL EIPIS,
FIRE-PROOF, ... '
i Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. f
. i 100 single rooms. 100 roams, with laths,
200 suites, 3 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hndfon River-
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service vnequalled anywhere in
. America. ■ '
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L 7' to 66th St., or Broadway cable
care to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan, $1 up. American plan, $3 op. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
in New tort. W. JOHNSON QUISN, Mgr.
WM. NOBLB, Propr.
LIPOTAIJIL /"""X
Chinese Tea and Herb L,- \|
Sanitorium, t&W-m
No. 727 Washington St., \-~ 3
San Francisco, Cal. \"S- 9
or. Brenbam PUss, »ion mmL-' A
tie plaza. /Slm^.
Office Hours: 9to 13, — \fe IMf^S
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- "*W^OT ?•?-..'.
day, 9A.M.to 13 M. :: r
Li Fo*Tal Jr., son of th» famous Ii Pi
Tai, has taken His father's business'
and is. after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
WL% These tiny Capsules are superior
j^^l to Balsam of Copaiba, i^N
I \ Cubebsor!njectionsand(MlDf I
(gj CURE IN 48 HOURSV^V
|yi - the same diseases withoul
inconvenience.
Sold by all druggists. \
1516
MORE LIGHT ON
BLANTHER'S LIFE,
Miss Beatrice Weill Be
lieves He Stole Her
Diamonds.
POSITIVELY IDENTIFIES
HIS PORTRAIT.
Was Quite Well Known to Her
Under the Name of Louis
Weisser.
HE LEFT BEFOKE MRS. LANG-
FELDT DIED.
Hungarians Wbo Also Think That
the Fugitive Murderer Robbed
Them.
A new and startling light is thrown on
the career of Josef Blanther, the suspected
murderer of Mrs. Langfeldt, by the story
of Miss Beatrice Weill, a young woman
who lirnily believes that she escaped by a
hairsbreadth the fate ol Jilanther's aged
victim.
The police evidently place much cre
dence in the story, for a number of detec
tives were at wort on it yesterday separat
ing truth from conjecture and striving to
rind some clew that will Jead to the arrest
of the missing assassin.
Miss WeilFi statement is plain and to
the point iv most particulars, and while
some of the circumstances she relates do
not seem to fit into the character of the
man as represented by those who have
already been interviewed by the police the
shady life he undoubtedly led only makes
these particulars seem stronger.
Miss Weill absolutely identifies Louis
Weisser, the "Hungarian Count, 1 ' who
she claims robbed her of her jewels on the
6th inst., as Blanther. Her statements
and those of others who knew Weisser are
strongly corroborative of this belief and
if true place Blanther in the light of a
cunning, daring, persistent criminal, who
robbed friends and acquaintances right
and left and covered bid many trails bj
living in as many places and under as
many names.
The strongest point in MinsWeiU's story
is her absolute identification of Blanther
through his portrait, as printed in The
Call and by the published descriptions.
"Every line of that face is familiar to
me," she said yesterday, "and I know
further that Weisser and Blanther are
identical by his medals, for I have had
those same trinkets in my hands and
know them well.
"I first met the man about a month ago
while rooming at 37 O'Farrell street.
"He accosted me one day while I was
buying a pair of shoes and, though I at
first refused to hive anything to do with
him, I afterward permitted him to call on
me. We became very friendly after a
short time and I thought him very much
of a gentleman, but I can now see that he
was playing a part and preparing to rob,
if not to kill, me.
"He was evidently needy and lived in
a cheap room though he dressed well and
apparently tried to keep up appearances.
Out of pity I paid his room rent and
when he left with my jewels I came into
possession of many of his belongings
which I still have.
"His medals— those that are now in the
possession of the police — were generally
kept witn a number of letters and papers
that he seemed to value very highly, in a
travelers' valise, and on more than one oc
casion he took them out and told me with
pride how he had won them fighting for
bis country. No matter how short of
money he was, or even hungry, he would
not part with them, though he pawned
everything else he had.
"On the evening of the sth of this month
he was in mv rooms for several hours, and
acted so queerly that I became afraid of
him. He talked wildly at times, and
seemed to be very much interested in the
contents of my jewel case, that was on the
bureau. •
"Something told me that he meant me
Borne harm, and to insure that he should
not attempt to strangle me as 1 am now
certain he did other women, I left the door
partially open in order to be able to call
for help should I need it.
''The next day he came into my room
looking very plae and with his shirtsleeves
covered with blood. He said that he had
been in a fight during the night and that
his nose' had bled. He appeared ill, and
lay down. I put hot towels on his head
and gave him hot drinks to make him feel
better, though all the time the remem
brance of the previous night was on my
mind.
"Toward evening I left the room for a
few moments, and when I returned ho was
gene.
"I thought nothing of this until I
noticed that my bureau looked disturbed,
and then I discovered that my two
diamond rings (one a solitaire and the
other a cluster of five stones) and a silver
watch and fob were missing. At first I be
lieved that he would return them, but
when the next day came and the jewelry
was still missing I consulted an attorney,
and a couple of days later swore out a war
rant for his arrest on a charge of grand
larceny.
"I supposed, of course, that he would be
arreated at once, and when a few days
later I saw him on the street one evening
and demanded my jewelry, which he re
fused to return, I notified the police that
he was in town, and asked them to try and
arrest him at once.
"I learned later that he tried to sell the
rings to lxmis Meyer, a jeweler at 21 Mason
street, for $110, at which they had been
appraised. He was accompanied at that
time by another man, who did the talking.
"Since the murd»r of that poor old lady
I have not seen him, and from the pictures
that have been published and the descrip
tions given of his personal peculiarities
and his medals I am sure that Blanther is
the man that took my diamonds. He
had the military carriage and the
mustache, wore glasses and carried a cane.
His accent was decidedly German nnd he
always claimed to be of good family in bis
native country, which I understood to be
Austria-Hungary. In fact, he said that
tie was of Hungarian parentage but born
in Austria.
"I have learned since from different
p«»ple that he cad rooms on Geary street,
at ><■& lurk street and at Oak lan a at the
same time that he was rooming at 37
O'Farrell street.
"He went by the name of Hornberg as
well as Weisser, and now that I think of
it I am quite sure that I saw such a name
as Blanther in letters that he left lying
around where I could see them.
"He has robbed many poor Hungarians
by his smooth talk and by getting into
their confidence, and it would go hard
with him should they catch him."
Miss Weill's story is borne out by that
of Jeweler Mvers, who unhesitatingly
states that the Blanther of the newspaper
portraits is the man who wanted to sell
her diamonds.
"He came in here a week or ten days
ago,'' he said, -'with a couple of diamond
rings that he wanted to sell. I told him
one was worth $75 and the other about $35,
but would not buy them, as I did not like
the looks of the transaction and did not
know but that, being ladies' rings, they
might be stolen.
"From my remembrance 1 must say
that I believe the man Blanther is the one
who had the diamonds. He was very
erect, wore a brown derby hat, glasses,
gloves, and I think carried a cane. I have
since been told that the diamonds were
stolen from Miss Weill and have given a
description of the man to the police."
One of the most startling stories told in
connection with the matter is that of S.
Szegedy, a Hungarian shoemaker, whose
store is at 114 Ellis street, and who firmly
believes that W'eisser and Blanther are
one and the same.
He mourns the loss of $20 that the wily
man of many aliases obtained from him as
a loan, and would be more than glad to
see his countryman, if countryman he is,
behind the bars.
"About live or six weeks ago," he said
yesterday, "a man having every appear
ance of being a gentleman called at my
place and introduced himself as Louis
Weisser, a Hungarian just from New York.
As it is the custom of people of my coun
try to aid those who come from Hungary
and show them every courtesy I intro
duced him around among my friends, and
he was shown all hospitality. He repaid
the kindness by beating everybody he
could get an introduction to.
"I loaned him $20; another friend Jet him
have $10, and meny are losers of amounts
ranging from $3 to $6.
"Lawrence Biedel, a Hungarian black
smith, whose place is at 755 Harrison
street, took him to his room to sleep one
night, and he stole a couple of hats and a
dollar that Biedel had in his pocket.
'•Another friend of mine, who was for
merly in the Austrian army, became in
terested when the man talked of his doings
in the Austrian army and the decorations
he had received, and the two held many
conversations on the subject, it happening
that both had been in the same campaigns.
To this friend he told of having been given
a title and of being of fine family. He
said that he expected money from home
an l would repay what he had borrowed.
"Why do I think Weisser and Blanther
identical? For many reasons. In the
first place, the pictures of Blanther that
have been published are very good like
nesses of Weisser in almost every par
ticular. Then comes the significant fact
that he has not been seen by any of us
since the Langfeldt murder. Directly we
saw the pictures that were published we
began to suspect that our guest might be
the man who Bad committed the crime.
"A simple comparison of dates showed
that the last time Weisser appeared at my
place or was seen by any of those who
make their headquarters here was on the
day previous to that on which the old
lady's body was found. He has not been
seen, to our knowledge, since, and we
believe him to be the man who is now
fleeing throu :h Mexico."
Other Hungarians who were in the shoe
store while inquiries were being made
agreed that the pictures of Blant'er would
pass anywhere for portraits of W r ei>=ser.
The clothes left behind by Weisser, or
Blanther, when he made his hurried de
parture from 37 O'Farrell street, were of
fine quality, consisting of underclothing,
linen shirts, a brocaded vest, a cane, silk
and linen handkerchiefs and other apparel.
One handkerchief has the appearance of
having been used as a mask, three holes
having been cut to correspond with the
eyes and month.
THE TELLTALE TICKET.
It Seals the Identity of the South
bound Fugitive With That
of Blanther.
If any doubt existed that the man who
traveled on the train from the Oakland
mole on Saturday evening, May 16, en
route to El Paso, was the murderer Blan
ther it has been dispelled.
The second-class ticket which he pur
chased from the agent at Martinez was re
ceived back at the auditor's office of the
Southern Pacific yesterday morning and
was at once sent to Captain Lees.
It showed that Blanther had traveled
right throueh to El Paso, reaching there
at 8 o'clock Monday night, so that he has
been five clear day? on Mexican soil, as it
is presumed he lost no time in crossing
the border.
The ticket bears the signature "H. M.
Forbes." He had comrcenced to write
"Jones" instead of "Forbes," but after
writing "Jo" he changed his mind and
added "rbes" and drew aline across the
"J," making it an "F."
A comparison with the signature and
some of Blanther's manuscript leads irre
sistibly to the conclusion that he was "H.
M. Forbes." This is apparent even to a
novice in handwriting, more particularly
from the formation of the "b's" and the
capital letter "H," which ia characteristic
in all his writings.
Captain Lees has communicated with
the authorities in Mexico as to the arrest
of the murderer and is having circulars
printed in the Spanish language contain
ing the particulars of the murder, a full
description of Blanther, his photograph,
and the fact that tte Governor has offered
a reward of $1000 for his capture. The cir
culars will be ready to-morrow and will at
once be posted. Every point has been cov
ered by telegraph, so that if Blanther
should attempt to leave Mexican soil he
will be at once arrested.
Captain Lees said last night that there
was no truth in the sensational report in
an evening paper that a Miss Estelie
Thomas of Oakland was Blanther's
companion in his flight and that
Chief Crowley had been wiring to lowa to
get a statement from her if she went there.
A Mrs. Estelie Thomas and a boy were
passengers on the same train and Blan
ther spoice once to her, but according to
Pullman Conductor Bell it was evident
they were strangers, and besides the lady
and the boy left the train at Mojave.
The captain yesterday examined the
jewelry found by the Deputy Coroner in a
jewel case in Mrs. Langfeldt's room, and
which the murderer overlooked. The cap
tain was anxious to examine it, although
the Deputy Coroner had characterized it
as "snide." He found that the stones,
both diamonds and psarls, were very valu
able, the only "snide" piece of jewelry
being an old bracelet, which had paste
jewels in it.
"I think," said the Captain, "that
Blanther must have known of the ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, IS*6.
istence of this jewel case and had been
after it, but the heavy fall of Mrs. Lanp
feldt's body, combined with hearing the
footsteps of the man in the room over
head, scared him and he contented him
self with hastily pulling off the rings from
her fingers before he fled."
There is one point that will have to be
definitely settled, and that is whether the
Coroner or his deputies have the right to
remove a body and articles from the place
before the police have an opportunity of
reaching there. It occurred in the case of
Nellie Harrington and also in the case of
Mrs. Langfeldt.
As a rule the police take entire charge
until they have finished their investigation
and gathered together anything that
might be of service in tracing the mur
derer or giving a clew to the motive for the
deed. Here it is different. The Coroner
takes the body away at once and all the
papers or articles he thinks proper. By
this means there is always a possibility of
something important being overlooked by
the police.
Captain Lees said last night that after
the Harrington case he had spoken to the
Coroner and he did not expect that it
would happen again, but it had. The
Coroner had only control over the body
and anything found upon it with the addi
tion of, in the case of a suicide, the instru
ment the deed was committed with, such
as a pistol or knife, when found near the
body.
BLANTHER IN CHICAGO.
Devious Record otthe Cold- Blooded
Murderer In the Windy
City.
CHICAGO, 111., -May 23.— Joseph E.
Blanther, who is wanted in San Francisco
for the murder of Mrs. Philipina Lang
feldt, is known to many people in Chicago,
and a detective remarked this evening to a
United Press reporter:
"It would not surprise me in the least to
find that Joseph E. Blanther, the alleged
Austrian Count, whose career of swind
ling operations in both Europe and Amer
ica had been brought to a climax by the
murder of Mrs. Langfeldt, is in Chicago."
This statement and the grewsome mur
der in Fan Francisco recall to the minds
of many people who occupy places in the
foremost ranks of Chicago's social world
the startling chapters which were inter
spersed in the history of the beau monde
by the lightning hand ef the eccentric
Count yon Blanther, during the latter's
sojourn here some four years ago.
The suave Austrian of alleged title, the
expose of whose swindling operations
caused him to leave the city abruptly in
the fall of 1891, is no other than the mar
derer of Mrs. Langfeldt, the wealthy
widow of the Western coast city. Blanther
entered the lists of Chicago's society with
the eclat of an unexpected comet. He left
the ranks as suddenly, with a crowd of
detectives trailing at his heels, and fled to
Canada to escape the sleuths who had been
sent after him by his dupes.
When about to take their man into cus
tody the detectives were persuaded to let
him escape. The officers were well paid
for their efforts, however, by several lead
ing families of this city. It is now known
that the alleged Count was far too well
acquainted with several skeletons of the
dark-closet variety, the rattling of which
would have caused unprecedented erup
tions in social circles of the elite.
Count Blanther cracked champacne
with his boon companions from one end
of Chicago to the other, his bills being
footed by friends to whom he granted the
honor of loaning him large sums. His
swindling excursions continued unin
| terruptedly untii jealousy on the part of
his wife caused her to expose his opera
i lions.
The Austrian was compelled to leave his
own country because the authorities were
making things too warm for him, and |
causing his path to assume a direction j
prisonward. He carried papers which were !
intended to set forth his connection with
the noble families, and these served as the
"open sesame" to all circles of society.
His few years residence in this city was
also marked, it is said, by his robbing the
house of Mrs. T. J. Rendell, <J47 West Mon
roe street, where he lived for some time.
Several conflicting stoiies are told con
cerning the man. The police charge that
several fashionable residents of Lasalle
avenue and of the South Side can tell
many stories regarding the man's career
in Chicago.
Several of his former chums have em
barked on the sea of matrimony since his
sudden fall from the horizon, and they are
particularly chary in relating their experi
ences with the titled European. Paul
Bessems, an accountant, who has an office
in the Chamber of Commerce, remembers
the "Count" vividly. They were together
frequently and he seems to regard the
man as an eccentric though well-meaninK i
fellow. j
"The San Francisco murderer and
Joseph Blanther are the same man," said
Mr. Bessems. "I think he will never be
captured, because he would commit sui
cide before he would permit the officers to !
take him into custody. When he was here
lie borrowed money freely. He owes me j
quite a sum. He never represented himself j
to me as a Count. I think he has been
knighted once by the Emperor of Austria
and again by the King of Italy; in fact I
am certain of it, as a friend of mine who
went to Europe some time ago looked up j
his record. No, I can't tell why he left, the I
army, or whether he secured an honorable
discharge.
"He had a collection of medals which
had been conferred upon him for bravery,
so he said, and everything seemed to be
genuine. I paid but little attention to
these trinkets, which he showed me one
day while I was in his room. When
he had money he spent it freely.
I think he came from a good fam
ily, as he was well educated and
his manners were almost perfect. He had
a military bearing and d,«ng his army
career he held the position of lieutenant,
so I understand, and once ranked as
major. That was when he was connected
with a regiment at Bangkok, Siam.
"He was very conservative, and I know
nothing of his antecedents or why he left
his mother country. The lady who pre
tended to be his wife was a handsome
woman, several years his senior I believe.
She had plenty of finery, and he was always
well although not extravagantly dressed.
Blanther is a tall man, very nearsighted, so
that he is compelled to wear glasses. He
was always twirling his brown mustache.
His face was pallid and bis high cheek
bones were very prominent. His eyes
were singularly noticeable, as their glance
seemed capable of penetrating a two
inch board. He never talked of
hypnotism, although I sometimes
think that he possessed power in
that direction. He never was a vicious
man, and 1 think he was driven to commit
the San Francisco murder and rob the
dead woman of her money and diamonds
because of his lack of means. Where the
woman who claimed to be his wife iB now
I do not know. I think he will commit
suicide, if he has not done so before now."
Other people tell a different story of the
case.
"That man Blanther has ended as I ex
pected," said an officer who was ac
quainted with the wily Austrian. "He
was compelled to leave his mother country
on account of wholesale swindling opera
tions which he was conducting.
"The woman who came with him and
lived with him as his wife bad been the
wife of a baker In Austria. When they
went to the Rendell boarding-house
she bad silk dresses by the score
which were too large and too long
for her. The tall Austrian on the other
hand had suits by the tens which were too
small for him. Where did they get these
garments? Why, he was as clever a thief
as this country has seen for many day.
"When he came to Chicago he lived at
the Rendell House for a time, then he and
the woman with him moved to Madison
Park, from there to Indiana or Prairie
avenue and then to a house on Ogden ave
uue. He worked for some time for tne firm
of Rand, McNally & Co. and invented a
process for printing raised maps. He
signed a contract with a gentleman grant
ing the latter the privilege of using the
patent. Tien he talked with another man.
Ths latter offered the first party
I2OQO for the fellow's release from
the first contract. This was accepted, the
scheme failed, and Blanther was kicked
out of the Palmer House by the swindled
man. He is said to have robbed the Ren
dell House and we would have fastened
the crime on him had not prominent peo
ple asked that the whole thing be sup
pressed and dropped.
"Blanther left a scathing record in the
inner circles of society behind him, and
his name is now like the ghost of Banquo.
The two gentlemen in the map swindle
were prominent Chicagoans.
"Mrs. T. J. Rendell is now in Detroit.
Her daughter, who is acquainted with the
history of the alleged Count, is expected in
the city shortly on a visit to her sister-in
law, Miss Chapman, of 669 West Monroe
street."
PHŒNIX WITHDRAWS.
Another Insurance Company Tirea of
Pacific Coast Business and Gives
Way to the Pennsylvania.
The Phoenix Insurance Company of
Brooklyn has decided to withdraw from
the Pacific Coast, as several other Eastern
companies have done within the last two
years.
The first intimation of this was given
when the Phoenix reinsured its commer
cial business in California, Oregon, Wash
ington, Idaho, British Columbia, Arizona
and Nevada with the Pennsylvania com
pany of Philadelphia.
Brown, Craig & Co., who had the agency
of the Phoenix, will dissolve on June L
Ldward Brown, with his son, Arthur, will
represent the Svea oi Gottenburg, and it
is understood the American, as well.
Homer A. Craig of the firm will have a
pleasant position in the Pennsylvania, of
which Thomas E. Pore, formerly assistant
general agent of the -Etna, will "be general
manager. Russell W. Osborne, with
Brown, Craig &, Co., will be superintend
ent of agencies. The company will oc
cupy offices at 438 California street in the
offices of the old Hongkong Bank.
-•- — ♦ — •
OCEAN VIEW COURSING.
An All-Age and a Puppy Stake to Be
Kun Ofl- To- Day for Valu
able Prizes.
Unusual interest centers in the puppy
stake that is to be run at Cosserly & Ker
rigan's Ocean View Coursing Park to-day
from the fact that several of the progeny
of Lord Clifton, a crack Eastern dog im
ported some time ago, will run against the
get of several well-Known local stud dogs.
A silver cup goes to the winner, as an
emblem of his first victory, in addition to
the money prizes.
An all-age Make will also be run and a
good day's aport is assured.
Following is the result of the drawing
of the ail-age stake:
J. Murphy's Red Light v«. D. Tolaud's Twi
light; C.Evan's Dashawayvs. J.J.Edmund*'
\ ida Shaw; Villa kennel's Electric vs. J Bex
smith's Mission Boy; T. Walton's Bobolink vs
J. T. Hannou's Marguerite; W. I). Muri.hv's
Hiremnn vs. S. Lehman's Nelly C; J. Kelly's
Mary X vs. D. CMlla's Happy Day; California
Violet a bye.
The drawing for the Sapling stake re
sulted an follows:
C. Pendergast's Bftbe Murphy vs. \V. D. Mur
phy's 1 lifette; T. Alahoney'a Nelly Gray rt
Villa kennei's Clifton II ; E. Casserly's Princess
Diana vs. Q. Foley's Controller; If. Welch's
Sarsfield vs. Shewman's Red Chief ; J. Quant's
Youns Clifton vs. M. O'Connor's Lady Clifton-
K. Campbell's Cocktail vs. M. Welsh's Whito
Boy; Murphy Brothers' Direct a bye.
T<-«;imonial to Tolmie.
An excellent programme has been prepared
for the testimonial concert to Robert Tolmie,
which takes place on the 2Hth inst. at the
Association Auditorium. The following pro
gramme will be performed by Robert Tolmie
and some of the cleverest members of the
Pianists' Club: Sonata Op. 31 (Beethoven)
pastorale (Scarlatti), garotte (Bach, S»int-
Saensj, tnree fantasia pieces (Schumann)
etude (Chopin), polonaise A flat (Chopin), four
preludes (Chopin), military march (Schubert
Tausig).
— ■• — • — «
Mile. Yyette has, during five years of
her professional life, earned £80,000.
>J^ %-^^ wwt _ w NEW TO-DAY.
Q<H><><><>O-0-OO<K>O-<K><><><><><>O-oO<K^
? The above amount will be paid for any information 9
JL that will lead to the arrest and conviction of the party or X
A parties who maliciously started the rumor of "The Maze" X
(S being attached or in the hands of a receiver A
i THE HAMBURGER COMPANY, f
$ Proprietors. V
6<><><><><><><>O<H>o<>-<>^^
RAMBLER OFFERS
Nos. 10, ii, 12, i 3, 14 and i 5.
mlnutVss?venrr»! rllndSOUVemrfOrthe Rambler rider h * v lng the greatest number of Rambler Two-
Two^minuti «*!•%?"£? Souvenir '° the G. *J. Tire rlder having the greatest number of O. &J. Tire
NO. 12.— Every time the 26-mile Competition Road Record v hrav<n<ni..no ,M.. ....^ _„,,
G. & J. Tires, the rider will be presented with a valuable special souvenfr. Bambler, flt.ed with
Fop further A ===^0i Thoi. H. B.VARNET.
Partlcalara 7 \ Kambler Biclorama,
° f tU "* * nd /^amftr \rf^jV\ M-k.t. Tenth and
Prevtoua offer. \m^ St<m>(H> St "-
*~^ .■■^■i.iijßh^^inii i j^Srw^^ an Francisco, ft X*
than^Ka^e^^t 'ntrd^ t h 2 KIK
mt^th l^,^^^
NO. 15— Provided the 25-mllo Itoad Record on December 1 ixnft i. hoi* h» .ho ,M,. r nf mv
SS\SXS^SK2®r fiUCd WUh °- &J - T -. « e U Sent to^he^recoVd'S^a
SUGGESTIONS
CITY Hl l> KKS— Register your mileage at the "Blcloraina" once a week Mondnv Dreferred
COUXTII\ Xl i)U1&-ReRlster your rrlleage as above with Rambler A J°nt or send affidavit
Signed by 9 riders or the Rambler Agent, direct to TIIOs. H. RVAR VEY coi^Market and ? Tenth S X
CLUBS-Report mileage of each rld-r, also total club mileage each week ks above '
NO LIMIT T > THE XVM..K of-' SO I'VE SI Its?
■
IF YOU ACHE
OR GET HURT
TRY MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
Harmless, Clean, Easy to Use, Always Quickly Relieves
ALL PAIN!
REV. W. I, KIP'S CHURCH,
Rapid Progress of the Mission
of the Good Sama
ritan.
The Bui'ding Will Ultimately Be
Church, Hospital, Dispensary
and Clubhouse.
For some months past the work of the
Mission of the Good Samaritan oil Second
street has far outgrown its present quar
ters and it has now been decided to build
in the immediate vicinity of the present
quarters, which are situated near Folsom
street.
It is only a couple of years since the
mission was started by Rev. William In
graham Kip.
To-day, Whit-Sunday, the second an
niversary of the Good Samaritan will be
celebrated, and it has been deemed a fit
tint; opportunity for announcing that a
I considerable sum of money has already
j been collected for a permanent building,
j or rather series of buildings, which will be
church and mission house, reading-rooms
and dispensary, hospital and parish club
rooms.
Every one connected with the mission
feels that it has a great future before it,
and is consequently rejoicing at the new
departure which to-day will inaugurate.
Instead of >roing out to a fashionable
neighborhood it will have its fine new
building erected just where Rev. W. I. Kip
began his sphere of usefulness, in a part of
Second street within a stone's throw of a
good deal of poverty and want ; a neigh
borhood where tlie reading-room con
nected with the mission is a real boon to
the workingmen; where the boys are gath
ered in off the highways and byways
to the boys' club, and where the Good
Samaritan Dispensary is a real boon to
such people who cannot always afford to
pay a doctor.
There are about fourteen organizations
connected with the mission; they include
an altar guild, a workmen's society, a
women's society, a boys' club, church so
ciety, etc., and the active church-workers,
who number between fifty and sixty, are
full of zeal for their labors.
At first, when it was seen that the mis
sion was outgrowing its present quarters,
it was intended to erect a moderately sized
chdrcti near at hand. An appeal for funds
was made quietly among those interested
in the wort and so liberal was the
response that the original idea grew
and expanded till now it has
been decided to defer haviner plans
111:1. le out till the autumn, when it is
hoped tiiat an institutional church on a
large scale can be designed.
Ihe special anniversary service will take
place this morning. The mission has
been beautifully decorated for the occti
.sion and th • Rev. W. I. Kip in his sermon
will give a sketch of the history and
growth of the miision since its inaugura
tion, two years ago. The sum collected
toward the projected building will also be
announced to-day. It is believed to be a
considerable one, but its exact amount
has been reserved as a surprise for the
anniversary.
Bishop Nichols has been ordered to take
a rest from active work by the standing
committee of the diocese. Ever since tne
EpL-copal convention he has been ill at
his home in San Mateo, and it was feared
that he was suffering from a severe attack
of pneumonia, lie is now announced to
be out of danger, however, though it will
be some time before he can undertake his
uMinl share of active work.
William It, Hancock has accepted a call
ironi the Second Christian Church (col
ored) of Woodland. He Jeft for Missouri
a si ort time ago and expects to return
about June 1, accompanied by his family.
He expects to begin a protracted meeting
in Los Angeles as soon as he is perma
nently settled in Woodland.
A. C. Smither of the First Christian
Church, Los Angeles, visited Santa Monica
last wees with a view of establishing a
new churcn at that place.
This evening a memorial service will be
held in Plyruoutn Congregational Church
with a commemorative sermon.
Professor C. 8. Nash otneiated at the
first communion in the Cooper Church.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT^GOODS^^^
SILKS! SILKS!
SPECIAL ANNOicEHNT !
25,000 YARDS
NOVELTY SILKS
. .A. 1 ! 1 :
ABOUT '. REGULAR PRICES!
We will offer to=morrow and follow-
ing days a special purchase of HIGH
NOVELTY SILKS, all new goods and
the very latest designs. These Silks
will be on exhibition in our show win-
dows and will range in prices from
25c to $1.25 per Yard.
Our customers will do well to take
advantage of this offering as the actual
value of the goods is from 75c to $3.00
per yard.
TELI3PIIOIC2 3Vt_V.I2SJ 5777.
•11. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
n [DENRIIr PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
iTlif*^ l > ill ISS I STAMPED ON A SHOE
\mW ""'I 1 1% MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT-
DnJLMnix m fej
rv_w irp $*) fill MMmi
WHAT $2,00 JH
EVERY Mssn
LADY ' .AKKjb
WANTS. s%o^mSß>
We have just opened our SUM- **IZZZ~~- — -—
in every conceivable style and ft SPECIAL BARGAIN.
material. _
Russet .Shoes are now the style, and wo lead for
B 2-inch Leather 25c nobby styles of Kus«ets at bedrock prices. No
odds and puds, but everything new and well made.
I^-inch Fancy Silk 25c We *»«»'» handicapped by Uiat fence on the cor-
iuvu rauij """■ *"^ ncr, and we have resolved to sell lower than ever.
i innhllnpd T^nther 250 We are offering special bargains this week. La-
1-inch Llnea l^eatner zoc dies . iln( . KuBset kid Lace shoes, with either kid
¥""^ i <«„>, .cm. -triA o^« or bro^L n clotn "P* and Ladies' Basset Kid But-
E. Wnlte H.ia ok ton. They have very pointed toes and tips. But-
l-lncn White Kia ZSC ton. They have very pointed toes and tips. Lat-
i . est style of ToKlo last, which we will sell for
X M 1-incn Patent Leather 25c tDf% rf F^#^fc
L 1-inch Heavy Gold Bullion 25c a rnlr . we defy competition. Xo store in this
i« „», r-^iA t> m,v~ »fi i«. city is offering Russet Shoes like these under $2 SO
1-inch Gold Bullion Miniature or $3. The Knsset kid is soft and pliable and iha
Buckle 50c cloth is the best grade.
T 1-inch Patent Leather, lined 50c jHT Country Orders solicited.
JB^ Send for New Illustrated Catalogue
lj^-inch White Kid, Covered Address
Buckle 50c B. KATCHINSKI,
S 2-inch Cinch Belts 50c 10 Third Street. San Franciioo.
1-inch Genuine SeaL 65c
SILVER 6 ~;>5 C DB.PIERCE'Ss
SHIRT WAIST I-UU <AStWt<a jyr ffl)j i>. TWOCUREDWITH
SETS, D Qr C Q I l^SS^ ONE BELT.
qois „_,.- FinP In ' "Eli Ip^iSl) SEATTLE, Wash..
QOR Iflflfl r rip * "' UUll IQ~^iL>_J2s« October 19. 1895.
06J lUUU rlllti. • . Dr. ncrce-Dsln Sir:
* l i^SS^hiS&a^^-~ borne time ago 1 bought
[^M,ii --V^vt"iy.>\X one of your Electric Belt*
I W m"*-'m "' (v JjfKJf 4 "~ for Ijune Back, caused by
/^JfrrZl jfl ft X .^* «£f<2 trouble with my kidneys,
AJ/ff/ ff jfi J / l ™ ami In thr«>e days' time
tt* W*S 9f m/%M' the pain disappeared and has not troubled me
. /L-^m^. since. Your Belt almost performed a miracle In
■▼£ '& ""^mC^^^^^^T curing my complaint, for it was so bad bo for* I
-w*a~?*r\l'w& /}/f 4— wore the Belt that I was laid up in the hospital
' "'/ &*rw / %S*\ k After your Belt cured me I lent It to a friend,
-^BTWI— a— — . in" *B and the same IJclt tliat our.d me cared
>IH,LT|* Jftl TJHTSitKIqB^ liimalBo. 1 have reconimemlrd your .Belt to
In MiliM'illW' every one 1 could hear of who was sick, and shall
' • — — — — — — continue to do so hereafter, for it is certainly a
croat invention. Yours truly,
_ ■■_k*«ii SC VBAKCJB VICTOR WILBEB.
iili W 3 ■ill IB Si I 1 tar For prlco lint and full particulars of OR.
IB I I lilil mm ft» 19 H ' PI«.BCE'S wonderful Belts, call or write for fre«
■» W I%# W OS nil I Address- DX. PIKKC X & 704 Sao-
| ramento street (cor. Kearny), 2d, 3d and 4th
THE PORTUGUESE TRADE? ADVERTISE floors. MAN FRANCISCO. '-' : . '-.'
in the ARAUTO, the largest, the cheapest, the ~ " ; " "
newsiest, the greatest circulating paper among the TW n « Rrn a •
80,000 Portuguese in the United States. It circn- IRON BEDS,
lates In Portugal, Brazil, Demarara, Hawaii, Ma K. I i m w BRASS BEDS,
It is the only paper in the world with a weekly ' '" "y FOL,DINGBED«' '
contest and weekly premium to the one who writes ; ■ ■ ' '■ ■«- jrP " T HaT, ivr»;
the shortest story made out of all and every ad ver- ) JJ™ *n . r lal1 al l r _ f*^
ti,ement published in it. The fourth Estate, a Chata? \Vh£ ChL?ri
New York weekly, said of this original id. of the 1t1t ,,. "* ™\ "?£,.,? ?*'"•
AKaUIO: "It makes people read a<ls.' Do you Tf • - Commodes, Back Rests
wunt people to read your ads.? Advertise In i he j i (tffitt " W. A. SCHROCK.
AKAUTO. . \l IJ I ( \ J jl 21
For rates address CT^tf^ J New Montgomery
W *^T <^| ht. , under Grand
J. de MENEZES, — Hote1 ' b. t\ -
— — HA * WARPSt cai,. W5S5i Dr. Uall's Reinvigorator ;
___ _ li*-_ M^«»^ j^jw^f * tops all lossl in "* hours. Restore*LINE IS BUSY
CALL AGAIN
"This telephone vice Is getting to be an
awful bore," said the Nervous Man, as he re
joined one of the so 1 all round-table groups in
one of the ante-rooms of the Press Club.
"Hearts? Tbat settles it! I'm tired of play
ing. What's that you call a bore?" said the
younrr Man Suffering From Ennui, turning to
the Nervous Man. • I.t-t me in on that story—
I'm interested In bores."
"That's the twentieth time I've been to that
telephone In the last hour and I haven't yet
got 'the camber I want. 'Line is busy; call
again'— that's all I can get out of it. That's
what 1 call ti bore. What <lo you call it? 1 '
"That's nothing at all. What really jars a
man is to make half a dozen trips to the tele
phone-r.>";u In naif an hour and each time
Affinity at the instrument. I've
known him to keep that wire hot for three
quarter* of an hour at a stretch and me wait
telephone to the city editor that I
couldn't lind the man he sent me to inter
view."
••There's more than Affinity who think they
own that telephone," said the man who lost
the last game. -'There's eight or ten fellows in
this club who never come here except to use
the telephone; and when they do come they
s:ay too ions:. I've noticed, too, that some of
them who pay dues least frequently use the
club wire oftenest."
"That's what I was going to say," remarked
the Nervous Han, who had made another fruit
rip to the wire. "I'm L'Oing to propose
ihat the directory make rules nut allowing one
man to use the wire more than five minutes to
one number."
"That wouldn't help out much— not with
Affinity. I've known him to call up half a
duzen girls, one after another, and buzz them
over the wire," said Ennui.
It's not only the clubs that are suffering
from this growing- telephone vice. The
business men are groaning under itsinflic- ;
tions. Now that telephones are cheap and i
are getting cheaper, men and women who i
have lots of time to spare are sparing a
good deal of it on opposite ends of the j
wire.
Every busy man who has ever found his j
line crossed when he wanted to call up the !
wholesaler for a rush order knows this to I
his sorrow. It may be very interesting to
some people to listen to telephonic love
making and electric kisses, but the busy
man and the woman in business fail to see !
the humorous side of it.
The vice has tot a firm grip on Jots of
te already and some have become con
firmed telephone drunkards. They haunt
the telephone and only leave it long
enough to eat and sleep. In the worst
cases they often forget to eat and do not
go to sleep until the last nickel-in-tbe-slot
telephone in their neighborhood has
closed for the night.
The .vice has fastened itself on all classes |
of men and women, but more particularly |
on the young clerk and the pretty type
writer. The way they use the wire often
makes Central blush — and that's saying a
whole lot. for Central is usually many de
grees removed from a bashful country nirl,
and in the idle hours of the nigfct and day
will stand a good deal of taffy herself.
There's been a lovers' code printed for
use on the telephone, and it is having a big
sale now. A bright San Francisco m .in in
vented the code. It's for use when other
people are within hearing distance of the
one who is doing tne talking. He has
made a pile of money out of his little book,
and has sold a lot of them in the Eastern
States. The only trouble with the code is
that when a new eirl gets on the other end
of the wire — one who doesn't know the
code— it won't work. However, it is get
ting to be pretty well known now. There
isn't a typewriter in town, it is claimed,
who does not know the code by heart, and
the inventor of it Las set himself to work
on a code for the grocer's clerk and the
servant girl.
Many of the big grocers furnish tele
phones free to their patrons now. Of
bonne the telephone doesn't reach to
anywhere except to the grocer, but that's
a great convenience to a good many
families. It is so easy to ring up
the grocer and order a jar of olives
or some pickles for luncheon, that
a good many more olives and pickles find
their way on the luncheon board than be
fore the grocers began to furnish tele
phones.
"No more telephones in my house, I— tell—
you!" and Smith brought his fists down with
a big bang that shook the dice off the end of
the bar.
'Four sixes— hurd to beat that," paid Brown,
passing the cup to Smith. "But tell me what's
the matter with the telephone. The grocer
■wanted to put one in my house, and my wife
and I have about conculded to let him. Quite a
convenience, you know."
"Convenience be hanged! Can't get the ser
vant girl to keep awny from it, and when she
isn't at it the nursegirl is. They're both
sparking the same clerk at the other end of the
wire. They've got a cipher arranged between
them, and when the servant girl orders four
dozens of eggs it scares the life out of my wife
she's so nervous, you know. Of course, four
dozens of eggs means 'I love you a whole lot,'
or something like that. Then she orders ten
pounds of butter, and If my wife overhears her
she has a fainting spell. But ten pounds of
butter only means 'I'll be looking out of the
window when you pass.' Of course, the gro
cer's clerk at the other end repeats all these big
orders, and his employer thinks he is doing a
rushing business. I've told my wife fifty times
that these bfg orders didn't mean anything,
but she's so nervous that every one of them
she happens to overhear frightens her into a
neadache.
"Change girls? We've tried that— we try it
every week or so, and always did. No; the
telephone has got to go. I'll shake you for
just one more."
".sixes again! That'shard. But we've got to >
have the telephone In our house, My wife's
had the same girl for two years," said Brown.
But, of course, the telephone will in
crease in power and glory — there's no doubt
of that — in spite of all the objections that
may be urged against it.
It has proved the theory of Plato that
time and space are illusions. Time disap
pears when you can talk to your branch
house at Sacramento, just as if yob and
the manager were vis-a-vis. Space was de
stroyed entirely when the cable stretched
across the Atlantic.
But il the wire doesn't work right,if you
! can't get The number you want and yet
j you know there is some one al
ways there — that's where tne pinch
is. It's this vice of telephoning
i that is making busy people gray
haired and tne air blue with blasphemy.
Sometimes Central is to blame — very often,
in fact. Yesterday she laid her chewing
gum beside her, and two wires got crossed
in it. I heard Jones scolding his wife over
the "phone, but I couldn't get an answer
from Central— not until she wanted to
chew that gum some more.
Recently a new modification of the teie
] phone vice has developed I have noticed .
It is shown in the man who lays for
, crossed wires. That's all he wants. He
comes into the otfice to see mo three tim^s
a day and each time rings up Central. If
the wire is crossed he is happy. You
ought to behold his face while he is iis
■ tening to a secret courtship over the wire.
i He confided in me- the other day and asked
!me if there was a '"cure" for his habit. I
; told him to read The Call's advertising
\ columns, but he said he had done that and
j found cures for every other human vice
except that of telephoning.
Here's a chance for a bright young doc
tor, whose future is more promising than
j his immediate present.
In his lit of confidence the crossed- wire
fiend said he had twelve friends whom he
j visited every day regularly, and whose
wires be used. Then, besides this he
. spent a couple of the largest-sized white
! metal coins every day in the nickel-in-the
-1 slot telephones.
I asked him how many crossed wires he
managed to find in a day, for I had an idea
at the time that all this would make a
readable Sunday story.
"It varies,'' he said. "Some days I
catch a crossed wire every other time.
Some days I don't catch more than one or
two all day long."
"That's dreadful !" I said, feelingly.
"Yes," he said, 'those are my dark
days."
I think the new telephone code will cure
him in time.
"There ought to be an extra tax of say five
cents for every meaningless or T^lwm word
spoken by wire," said a man at the .Stock Ex
change who was waiting anxiously to tell bis
broker to buy more mines.
Finally he grew impatient. Prices were
goins up a fraction every hour, so he dashed
around the corner and sped up Montgomery
street, to give the order in person.
"And what do you suppose I found the mat
ter with the broker's telephone?" said the
Stock Exchange man when he came back fit
teen minutes later, perspiring.
"Line out of order?"
"No, it; that wouldn't have been
so bad. There was the junior bookkeeper say
ing a lot of soft things over the wire, that I
couldn't get because Central turned "the-line
is-busy-cali-again" machine ou me. However,
we bought the stork in time, and if it keeps
on going up till evening I won't complain this
time about the bookkeeper to his boss. Bui
the next time !" ' J. H.G.
The largest pure diamond, that belong
in? to the Rajah of Mattan, weighs 387
carats. The one of the next neatest
weight, the Orloof, or Orloff, weighs 198
carats.
\V. II HAMMON, Local Forecast Official In Charge of the United States Wcatli
Bureau in San Francisco, Who Contributes a Timely and Valuable Essay on
the Subject of llow to Prevent Frosts in Orchards by the Evaporation of
Moist ure-C
[Drawn by a ''Call" artist from a photograph.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
HOW TO KEEP THE
FROST FROM FRUIT,
Weather Prophet Hammon
Tells How to Raise the
Temperature.
The Cold Air Can Be Made
Warmer on Frosty Nights in
Orchards.
Using the Energy of Fire <o Evaporate
Water, to Be Again Condensed
After Diffusion.
W. H. Hammon, the United States
! Signal Service Officer at San Francisco,
'■■ contributes for The Call readers the fol
lowing interesting paper on the very
timely subject of how to prevent frosts in
orchards:
In the Riverside Press of April 21, 22 and
23 is published an extended article by Ed
ward Copely on frost protection. The pa
per on the whole is excellent, especially
that portion where he explains the condi
tions under which frost forms. The
method which he recommends for prevent
j ing frosts is that of directly heating the
air by means of small fares made ot coal
placed in baskets, which are suspended a
few inches above the ground. In his dis
cussion he takes into consideration the
fact that on frosty nights the air for some
I distance above the ground is considerably
warmer than at the surface, consequently
it would be possible to warm the lower air
until its temperature and resulting density
were equal to those of the air above the
surface before there would be any ten
dency of the surface air to rise and escape.
Therefore he believes that it is possible, by
means of small fires, to warm the lower
stratum of air suflicient to prevent frost
and at the Eame time avoid loss of heat
which would result were there an upward
draught of suilicient force to carry the
heated air above the tree tops.
He criticizes as follows tne plan sug
gested by me In an earlier article for ac
complishing this:
Professor Hammon of the Weather Bureau,
Ban Francisco, recommends the sprinkling ol
fires with sprays of water, thus raising the
dew point so that dew will form at a higher
.-uture as the best means of preventing a
dmiinifing fall of temperature. If the air was
still and a sufficient quantity of water was va
porized there could be no question In regard
to itß efficiency; yet all the heat expended in
vaporizing wat.'r In bringing the dew point up
to the temperature of the air would be tost
How mnch this would be would depend upon
the dryness of the atmosphere at the time.
Hut this plau would not work here in River
side because of the constant draught across the
groves every cold night. This would defeat
any attempt to surcharge the air of our groves
with water vapor. Aqueous vapor, being
lighter than the air, mingles with it rapidly.
Much would be lost in rising above the trees.
The plan could not be other thau wasteful of
heat.
This statement of my suggestions in re
gard to frost prevention is somewhat in
complete, and since the question is an Im
portant one involving the possible injury
or protection of one of our most important
industries it would seem that a compari
son of the processes may be of value.
The difficulties experienced in all
methods of directly heating the air nrise
from the unequal distribution of the heat
through the lower portion of the air, on
account of which the warmer masses of
air rise above the region needing pro
tection, and cold denser air is continually
flowing in from the sides to replace them.
Of course this upward draught will be less
with small thau with large fires, but it
would seem incredible that any fire could
continue to burn and not form an upward
draught, which would carry the heated
air above the tree tops. The tempera
tures at which incandescence occur are
from 1000 to 3000 degrees Fahrenheit, and
the air in contact with incandescent
bodies must surely be heated hundreds of
degrees above the surrounding air, and
the expansion resultini: from this intense
heat would undoubtedly cause a most
rapid upward draug ht. The question
then is. Will this upward draught be as
rapid when the heat is used in evaporating
water as when directly applied to the air?
For comparison we will assume that the
fires in the two instances are of equal in
tensity. In the first, which we have just
described, the heat is applied directly to
warming the air about it ; in the second a
portion of it is consumed in evaporating
water. Every pound of water which is
evaporated will consume as much heat in
merely changing the water intc vapor as \
would be necessary to heat about 1000
pounds of water through one degree ; that
is, it will take 1000 times the heat to va
porize a pound of water as would be nec
essary to raise it one degree, and in the
end the vapor will be at the same temper
ature which tho water had at the begin
| ning. Now, owiug to their difference in
specific heat the heat necessary to raise
one pound of water one degree would raise
one pound of air more than four degrees.
Therefore, the heat necessary to vaporize
one pound of water without in the least
, adding to its temperature would heat one
j pound of air through more than 4000 de
', grees.
As stated by Mr. Copely in the quota
tion above, water vapor is lighter than air,
provided their temperature be the same.
At equal temperatures the specific gravity
of air and vapor are about ten to six,
but any gas or vapor expands about one
fifth of its volume for an increase of tem
perature of 100 degrees, or will double its
volume for every GOO degrees. Therefore,
to heat the air 4uOO degrees would mean
tbat it would be expanded to eight times
its original volume, and its density be but
one-eighth what it formerly was. Conse
quently, a cubic foot of water vapor
which had but six-tenths of the density of
air when at the same temperature would
be five times heavier than each cubic foot
of air after it has. received the heat neces
sary for the formation of the water
vapor. From this it would seem that the
upward draught produced by the heat
used in vaporizing water would bebutoue
tifth what it would have been had the
same amount ol heat been applied directly
to the air.
Bul Mr. Copely's statement of my pro
cess is extremely incomplete. By using
as much of the energy of the lire as is pos
-8 ible to evaporate water, the upward
draught is diminished, bat it is necessary
for the proper protection of the fruit thai
the vapor be condensed back into water
before it escapes from the region needing
protection, when all the heat which was
necessary for its formation will be again
made manifest and tend to raise the tem
perature of the surrounding air. Vapors
and gases will distribute themselves very
rapidly throughout space, and it is a prin
ciple of them both that any gas or vapor
will distribute itseJf throughout a space
already occupied by another gas almost as
if the other were not present, Therefore
i if vapor is given off by water at the fire it
will quickly distribute itself in all direc
tions throughout the dryer air as rapidly
as it would expand into a vacuum. This
carries the warm vapor into the cold air.
about where a portion is quickly con
densed, forming small particles of water
like a fog in the air. These particles will
be warmed by the heat set free by con
\ dentation, and on account, of their ex
tremely small size they remain practi
cally suspended in the air, thus trapping
j the heat of the fire in tho lower layers of
the atmosphere.
I must admit that the process suggested
by me (that of spraying small fires) is
crude. That it is more efficient than Mr.
Copely's will probably be admitted.
However, I believe that principle of pro
tection advocated (that of using the en
ergy of tires to evaporate water to be con
densed into water after it has been dif
fused throughout the lower air) is the
best method yet suggested. The essentials
to success are, as stated in a former paper:
(1) the evaporation of the necessary
amount of water within the region to be
protected; (2) the condensation near the
surface of vapor in such quantities that
the heat will prevent injury; (3) the re
tention of this heat within the region
needing protection.
Many better applications of tnis idea ]
than the spraying of small fires with water
have been devised since the publication of
the former article, but all depend for their j
success npon the principles suggested j
above.
The Speaker Wan A iii.i/<ml .
It is frequently the unexpectedness of a'
thing that makes it amusing. One of the i
commonest performances in the House — a j
most pernicious one, too— is for members
to ask leave to extend their remarks in
the Record, and the request is always
granted as a matter of course. Ono morn- i
ing the inexorable hammer fell on Judge
Culberson right in the middle of a sen- !
tence.
He quietly said: "Mr. Speaker, I ask '<
leave— and the Speaker, without waiting j
for him to complete his request, started in i
to rattle off the usual formula about ex- !
tending remarks, when Culberson electri- j
tied House and gallery by finishing with |
this astounding and unheard-of sentence j
in that forum: "Mr. Speaker, I ask leave
to withdraw my remarks from the Rec
ord." The Speaker was amazed, the mem
bers could hardly believe the evidence of
their own sense?, the stenographers
smiled and even the pages were surprised
into silence as the big Texan sat down
with a quiet chuckle. — Champ Clark in St.
Louis Republic.
THE MAN WHO NEVER
LOSES HIS TEMPER,
With the Exception of Grog
and Poker He Is
Perfect.
John McLain, the Picturesque
Samaritan of the North
Beach.
He Leveled the Dumps Till He
Leveled Meiggs Wharf Out of
Existence.
North Beach boasts of a rare and rich
character in the person of honest old John
McLain. It is strange that fame has not
sooner discovered him, for since page after
page of the daily press has been devoted
to hermits and faddists and eccentric folk,
it ought to be a desirable relief to cpntem
plate a man of such royal good nature that
he has never been known (even by asso
ciates of a whole generation) to grow angry
or speak aught in malice; a man, in fact,
who finds his chief happiness in lighten
ing the burdens of others; who frequently
goes far out of his way to do a kindly deed ;
and whose every weakness (with the ex
ceptions of grog and poker) "leans to
virtue's side."
Along North Beach, John McLain's
word is his bond, and never an ill word is
spoken of him. If poor peoplecannot find
enough wood for their kitchens, John
shares his own wood with tnem if he
knows what is wanted. If the hungry ap
peal to him, he offers them such food as
his cabin affords. If some penniless per
son seeks shelter for the night. John will
cheerfully open his door to the one in
need. His cabin is only tlie size of an
ordinary single room, and yet he has often
haroored a half-dozen tramps over night,
and warmed them up with coffee before
they departed in the morning.
Mi Lain is about three score and ten, and
he has done more work with hia shovel
than almost any other man alive. Forty
years ago the bay ran up to Francisco
street and washed the foundations of Abe
Warner's Cobweb saloon. Abe Warner,
who is to-day lying at death's door in a
little room close by the site of his early
time resort, is over five blocks distant
from the sea. Now this live blocks of
land, represents, for the most part, the
work of John McLain. It is quite safe to
say that he has "made" more of the land
upon which San Francisco is buiit than
any other man.
For about twenty years McLain was
wharfinger and special officer at the old
Meiggs wharf. In those days the Sausa
litoboat landed there and things were
lively. The wharfinger had charge of the
North Beach dumps, and as these were
situated on private property a 5-cent tariff
was levied on every load. To avoid pay
ing that tariff owners of dump-wagons
would delay the work of unloading until
late in the night, then drive speedily into
the low ground near the beach, empty
their wagons and drive away. Neverthe
less the corporation which employed Mc-
Lain received quite a little income from
the dump-wagon tariff. The five new
blocks at North Beach are made up of dirt
and refuse from every hole and corner of
the City.
"If old John had quit working on salary
thirty years aso, ana made a business of
minting for valuables in the dumps, he'd
be rich to-day," exclaimed a resident of
North Beach. There are numerous for
eigners who became wealthy through the
pickings, not only of bottles and raes, but
of gold and silver. But John kept right
on toiling for a salary from sunup till
dark, while others picked fortunes up on
the property in his charge and right un
der his nose. He never coveted anybody
his findings or hia gains, and perhaps he
is better contented in hts rude cabin than
some of those ex-dump-speculators are in
their mansions.
McLain kept leveling the dumps until he
had leveled Meiggs wharf out of existence.
He rises before the sun every morning,
and has much of his day's work well un
der way before the good people of the resi
dence portion of the metropolis have
rubbed the sleep out of their eyes. He
always has money about him and ho spends
:it freely. Sailors have dubbed him "Mc-
Lain, the Yank," because he is American
to the core, rejoices in American achieve
ments, and is as full of patriotism as any
| one would be likely to run across in a trip
from here to the Atlantic. He likes to
hear somebody sing "Hail Columbia," or
"Marching Through Georgia,,' or "John
Brown's Body," and if any one will ren
der these songs in a half-acceptable man
ner he may count on old John setting up
! tne grog as often as any of tho company
I becomes thirsty and as long as the singing
continues.
Ihe urchins of North Beach keep note of
McLain's celebration days. It has grown
to be a sure-thing proposition that if John
McLain gets hilarious in the evening there
will be money for the finder near John's
doorstep in the morning. The fact is that
the old fellow keeps his tobacco and his
money and his keys all in one pocket.
When he arrives at his door in an ex
tremely tired condition he usually turns
his pockets inside out in his effort to get
the key. He gets the key, of course. The
urchins get the rest.
Old John is loved especially by the
young people. He owns several sKiffs,
and if boys pay 15 cents for an hour's
rental of the skiff and keep it out three or
Jour hours John don't grumole. 'When
boys are "broke" and want to go out fish
ing they borrow a boat from John or
JOHN McLAIK, the Picturesque North Beach Character Who Is Noted Far and
W ide for His Energies as a Good Samaritan and for the Fact That lie Was
Never Known to Lose His Temper. His Only Vices Are Grog and Poker.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
promise to pay him in the future. John
both lends and trusts. If he were to be
paid up all the sums that boys have prom
ised him only to forget about immediately
John would have gold enough to start a
bank.
Lads sometimes steal away with the
skiffs just for the fun of the thing, but
they bring them back at their conveni
ence. John never grumbles — never com
plains. The only thing that ever worries
him is that some of the boys will become
reckless and overturn the boat. It is one
of the septuagenarian's delights to taKe out
a skiff load of laughing boys and girls aud
sail with them in one of the bay inlets.
The king of the dumps is happiest in the
midst of happy children.
And so, day in and day out, you
may iind him leveling down the fresh
sown earth on the Stow estate — unless,
perhaps, he has gone to lend a hand at
painting a neighbor's fence or to help at
odd jobs here and there out of pure kind
ness. You would hardly expect to find a
pretty well educated old. man working
with a shovel there; but John McLain has
had a very fair education and comes of a
gooa family. A rich, fashionably dres.«Li;
sister calls upon him some time about
Christmas and invites him to spend the
holidays at her home. John laughs and
thanks her. He is content where he is.
With only himself to look out for, John is
moving pleasantly down life's decline. He
doesn't seek the company of women;
doesn't seem to care much for women.
Maybe it is a woman's fault that he is now
burying himself in the North Beach
dumps.
'•North Beach was once a residence sec
tion—stylish, with high rents," said Mc-
Lain. "That was in early days. Then
everybody came here for pleasure and
pastime. Since Harry Meiggs skipped out
in 1854 the place has gone rather slow. I
liKe these old haunts, though. They're
home to me. I'm alone — don't trouble
anybody— and I guess I get as much good
out oi life as the common run."
Women In Journalism.
Speaking of the recent disclosure that
the strong editorials in the London Daily
News during our civil war were written by
Harriet Martineau the Chicago Times-
Herald says that "there are other women
like Mrs. Chapman of the Westminster
Review, scholars, patriots, students, im
bued with an absorbing love of science and
humanity, who, constitutionally devoid of
personal ambition, have thus contributed
to the progress of the age which, unseen
but not unheard, they have adorned.
Among these are Margaret Fuller, Rebecca
Harding Davis and Lucia Calhoun Runkle,
at one time on the staff of the New York
Tribune." This list would be better if it
began with the name of Mrs. Margaret
Sullivan. Mrs. Sullivan is and has long been
one of the ablest editorial writers on the
American press. She is to-day the first of
women journalists, her work being an
honor to her sex and her profession —
Louisville Courier-Journal.
THE CAPTURING OF
A FAMOUS FORGER.
How Becker, the Chief of the
Nevada Bank Swindlers,
Was Caught.
The Taking of a Man With a Record
of Crime on Two Continents — A
Street Scene in Newark.
Patrolman W. J. Loftus was standing at
the corner of Broad "and Market streets in
Newark yesterday noon, says the New
York Sun of May 15, when five men, com
ing from as many different directions,
gathered around him. The patrolman
paid little attention to the men until one
of them approached him and said some
thing in a low tone. In a moment he wa3
all animation. Glancing across to the op
posite corner of Market street he saw two
well-dressed men coming down Broad
Btreet. Loftus looked at the men, and
then looked at one of the five who had
spoken to him. The man nodded, and the
patrolman crossed the street and stopped
the two men.
"Gentlemen, I am sorry to trouble you,"
said Loftus, "but you will have to go with,
me to police headquarters."
"What do you mean, sir?" indignantly
asked the smaller of the two men."
"You are charged with being fugitives
from justice and being handy at swind
ling banks," replied the Newark officer.
"Just come along to police headquarters
aud you will probably be able to explain
the whole matter."
"Indeed we will not go to police headquar
ters, for we are neither swindlers nor fugi
tives from justice," answered the man. his
indignation rising to the boiling point.
"If you do not stand aside and let us pass
I will eliminate you from the street."
"We'll have no more talk about this
matter here,"' paid Loltus, "and if you do
not come along without resistance I'll see
which is the harder, your head or this lo
cust stick."
"There is evidently a mistake here some
where," said the larger of the two men
with a very superior air. "We will accom
pany this fellow just to show him before
his Chief what an ass he has made of him
self."
The two men and the policeman pro
ceeded toward police headquarters, and
not ten feet behind them walked the five
men who had surrounded the patrolmen
on the corner. The group attracted the at
tention of the people on the streets, but
they had little idea that one of the two
men with the policeman was Charles Beck
er, tho cleverest forger and bank swindler
that this country has ever produced, and
that the other man v.-as James Cregan,
the forger's pal. Neither did they know
that the tive men who formed a "aort of
rear guard back of the policeman and his
prisoner were five Pinkerton detectives,
one of whom, at least, had been on the
trail of Becker and Cregan ever since the
Pinkerton Agency learned that the two
men were implicated with Frank L. Seaver
and Joseph McCluskey in the swindling of
the Nevada Bank, San Francisco, out of
$20,000 through the agency of a raised
check last December.
When Becker and Cregan reached police
headquarters they were searched. Upon
Cregan was found $2307 So. He had one
$ICOO bill, twelve $100 bills and bills of
smaller denomination and silver. The
$100 bill? were sewed to the man's under
clothing. In addition to the money
Cregan carried a handsome gold watch
and chain, and wore a large diamond ring
and diamond scarfpin. On Becker was
found $150 in money, besides his watch,
and jewelry.
1718
TWO FAMOUS LECTURES ON THE QUESTION OF EQUAL SUFFRAGE.
"The Modern Change in Ideals of Woman
hood" was the title of Professor Edward How
ard Griggs' recent lectnre before the Woman's
Congress in this City. To sum it all up in a
word, Professor Griggs espoused the cause of
equal suffrage and showed it to be nothing
more than the natural outgrowth of a progres
sive social and race evolution. This lecture
yon for him the highest commendation from
sympathiser! and also the profound respect of
those Who thoughtfully differ with his argu
ment. The paper is here published for the
first time in its entirety.
The True Key to Progress.
Ideals change with all change in actual life.
Every step forward in the active life of humanity
reacts upon the type ot ideal that is worshiped ;
and in turn every new thought that comes Into
the world through some man who stands above
the level of his time exerts a lifting power upon
actual lite. Tie ideal is as It were the horizon of
the actual, the vision which is determined by the
place where we stand. Every step up the moun
tain extends t ho horizon In ull directions, and this
in turn beoomes a stimulus to fresh endeavor.
At the same time there is ;i more permanent ele
ment in the nature of the Meal, and It Is a better
test of the worth ol tbe i;»e of ■ <nan or an epoch
than ihe actual results accomplished. What a man
is to-rlay is a mere passing shadow "ii Use sun-dial
of time", while the idea! Is tbe white light of truth
w bleb i :.s;s ih» shadow. The best key to any ma:i
Is the thing which be really worships. The Ideal
he struggles after, even w hen he fails to attain It,
tells us more of his life than the actual results he
reaches.
•' What I aspired to be and was not may well com
fort me." We are always rijrht In idealizing a
friend, because this means loving the friend's
Ideal, which he forever is to he.
It is of especial importance to recojnire this
truth in studying the historic development of
ideals ni womanhood. Probably nothing else is so
true a key to the progress of humanity as Is the
cliance In these idtais In our own epoch this
change has con" on with immense rapidity, aud is
the most significant fact in modern life.
Marriage and the family relations are vastly
more important to women than to men. Success
or failure in these relations means much more to
women, and they possess far less power to read
just their lives.
The difference in the importance of the family
relations to men tnd women is due in part to
causes which lie iv the very nature of life and
from which we shall never escape. Motherhood
costs more, physically and mentally, than lather
-1 • :>•!. and always must. The greater part of the \
burden oi reproduction and cure of offspring will J
always rest upon women.
Nevertheless, the complate absorption of wooien
In the lite of the family has been due in part to the
type of sex ideal developed and perpetuated tiy
natural selection in the past —an Ideal which j
changes w.th all change in the plane of selection,
and hence is In no way permanent in life. It lie
comes very important for us to separate clearly
these two elements in the problem.
I'rogress Involves Greater Possibilities.
It is very difficult to state the essential differ- i
ences between men and women and to see their
significance. ,Sex differentiation is only one ex
ample of the general principle of division of labor
or differential ion of function, the aim of which is al
ways economy and adaptation. The primitive
division in the spheres of men and women is a sim
ple one; women are everywhere reproductive and
industrial, and men productive and military.
In very enrly limes there was a comparative
equality in the spheres of men and women, which
gives place to greater inequality at certain stageß
of progress. Tiiis is in harmony with tbe general
law of evolution. Progress involves great possi
bilities for either higher adaptation or degenera
tion. Primitive life is non-moral in character and
can only become moral or immoral when a certain
measure of development Is attained. When we go
back to the Veddahs of Ceylon, we find them with
out our "accomplishments and sins." At Inter
mediate stages of progress, there is much more
evil, as there is greater positive excellence, than In
very early conditions. Thus we nnd Inequalities
of class and caste anu var oils types of tyranny,
arising out of Io to familvand tribal conditions.
Similarly monoKnruy blmosi certainly precedes
polyamy and polya:tdry-iii the evolution of mar
riage. The idea of property grows with the ear.-.
progress Of civilization. Inequality increases iii
all sorts of social and politicul conditions. The
premium is placed upon brm» force in the struggle
for existence: and thus the industrial functions art
dominated ty the military ones. Hence arises the
enslavement of women. During long epochs of
human history, they are treated merely as rrop
erty. v
The story of the slow emancipation o* women is
a painful one and is still unfinished. It may be
said in general that just so far as the indue; na
functions have been freed from the dominance of
the military ones the emancipation of women has
progressed.
The 'Women of Ancient Greece.
The ideal of womanhood in early conditions was
purely industrial and reproductive. Marriage was
developed by natural selection for Industrial econ
omy aud the better care and protection of off
spring. Yet the close association of two human
beings reacts upon the character aud development
of each. A relation which began as a mere matter
of instinct founded upon an industrial and repro
ductive bajis became more and more a union
founded in the permanent qualities of character.
The result is a vastly higher meaning in the mar
riage union. The moral meaning of any ins'itu
t ion is its influence upon the life and development
of every individua' affected by it.
We rind these different principles struggling to
gether in the life of ancient < Greece in rhePericlean
age. In that epoch freemen lived a public life.
The political and military vocations were alone re
spected. Women, ou the other hand, were con.
lined strictly to a domestic !if.;. They were unedu
cated nnd were rarely the intellectual companions
of their husbands. T-iey were secluded almost as
strictly after marriage as before. It was even con
sidered indecent for a wife to sit at table with her
husband and one of his friends.
Greek men were, however, developed to a point
where they craved intellectual companionship and
wen capable of relations founded In the more per
manent qualuie* of character. The result was
tnat friendships between men occupied a most re
marxable place in the GreeK world. And we have
further that strange anomaly of Greek life, the
position of the nlgher class of hetairie. Home of
these women were the intellectual companions of
cultivated men. When we remember that the
greatest statesman of ancient Greece made one of
them his wife, and thai the noblest moral teacher
of the paean world too* his pupils to converse with
another, we shall realize the respect in which they
were sometimes beid.
This only means that when any considerable
advance in civilization has been attained some
women will rebel against being kept in lenorance
and servitude. Rut the freedom of the few (ireek
women who attained it wa^ gained at the expense
of much of wtial i« best in human life; an 1 Buch a
sacrifice must be avoided ou any blah plane of
lite. The limitations iv the development of ureek
women involved un inevitable limltatiou in the
life of men, for the hiehest developme t of one
sex can never be attained without lhac of the
other.
Later Ideals of Womanhood.
Christianity brought a respect for womanhood
which the ancient world had never known. 'Ihe I
worship of the Virgin placed womanhood a'to- !
cether in a new light. Yet the gain was not un- i
mixed with evil. For the Ideal worshiped was not
the human wife aud mother, but the negative and
ascetic Ideal of Isolation from the world. The
purity reverenced waa not the purity of virtue, but
of innocence. Marriage was regarded as a con
cession to the weakness of mankind.
Thus the medieval world elevated womanhood,
but attached a new sense of degradation to the
normal relations of human life. Beside sainthood
and romantic chivalry we find widespread degra
dation in the lives of clergy and laity alike.
Though marriage was made a sacrament. It was
regarded as evil. How few of the Madonna faces
satisfy us with their negative innocence, even Iv
the art of the Renaissance which so greatly modi
fied the medieval deal. The uohlest of them all,
the Slstlne Madonna of Raphael, attains its mar- !
velous beauty of the transfiguration of humau
maldenuood and motherhood.
The medieval Ideal of womanhood wasobvlouslv
opposed to natural selection, and had Inevitably to
disappear. The woman capable of perpetuaiine
herself In offspring was not the saint, but was still
the one willinc to lose herself entirely in the nar
row circle of family relations.
The dawn of modern Ideals of womanhood occurs
In the Renaissance, accompanying the general ex
pansion of life. Almost evervthlng characterise- I
caily modern began in that time, and indeed our i
epoch Is really the last wave of the Renaissance.
The Renaissance was, as haa been well said' !
"the rediscovery of man and nature." Menturnei j
to the more positive ideals of the ancient world
and loved the beauty of life and its realization here I
in the belief that the best life here must certainly
lead to the best in any possible future world. r«b
othrr epoch in the history of the world shows so
marvelous and rich a development of individual
life. The wood and bad tendencies of character
were alike given unrestrained play, and great de
pravity existed side by side with the sublimest
heights ot culture, an, science and action. Nat- I
orally in t-uch an »-poch we find the greatest posßi
ble variety of conditions In the sphere of the per
sonal relations. Vices of all kind* were prevalent,
but here and thfre personal relations reached a
plane far higher than had previously been at
tained in the history of the world. 'I he noblest '
wom-uofthe Renaissance were worthy to be the
companions of cultured men In marriage or friend
ship. Such higher relations meant a greater de
ve.opment of life, and made the family fill a
larger place In men's lives and furnish a wider !
field for self-realization.
There was still, however, no emancipation of !
women, and the cases where ideal personal rela
tions were attained were few in number.
The Enlargement of Woman's Sphere.
Since the time of the Renaissance there has been
great progress in the emancipation of women, and I
in our own time the movement has gone on with I
greatly Increased rapidity. H Is obvious that In j
modern civilisation tbe home 1« still far from
ideal. Vet the larger interests and activities of
women and the development of the higher
qualities of character have changed the meaning
of marriage.
This enlargement In the sphere of activity of
women has been most marvelous and has been
carried farther in our own country than in any ■
other «reat nation in the world, 'ihis age Is the !
nge of greatest development of women. In thlg
increase of freedom there are or course incidental
evils. Frivolous women Imagine they may take
the freedom without its accompanying respousl-
The Complete and Verbatim Addresses of Professor Edward Howard Griggs and Professor li. H. Powers,
Whose Diametrically Opposed Views, Scientifically Expressed at the Recent Woman's
Congress, Are Now Published for the First Time.
ll.lKWt. Hut Hi* vr»Ai Mn'.in.T ,il irc-TTjno 1...V.. i
[*rc«UU4 JUtaiUT , U.« b'illit.lli.l.. iuJl'li j»ki:
(l*r.lntll O'umi.il.'v (>,. nit mi.
- ..Tin* *•''• '• •> <»»»• rli«t,.., .<-. if... .-.*>• omt
• i i'<iiiii»' ••» »iin»tl«v»'v it It mi hint C fuoli," lit.
ttllMriM «nr. r.|.n.oi.f«|,s. |lUV liuuuium Kftflfuml'
•.ml Uwnti.ii. Ilia fvnlij.tli.tt nt HU'"-: '"•■> ri.'-s
-ft I lU">»"H\ iiu.il.M'-* ill I'li.st.o irr in«ur. »nr i in
■it fn»»» liTipnr,,»ii.© 111 ilii. il.sH — 'ini'li. I.i |... i,
iitiliyliiM*.*. ..Urn iiitjutirt ijvt * t\l/,o*. «<>«M^MtuuO
;... • I'imiiJi >i >it, iiii- iUi.i'i t ft iiivni. Hi" iMj,ir»*-i^T, '
• '.« 1»CI •■••■•• t,u<tfl loirfiiu»lu.wl\**lr»
,Wt W pt-TMrtu ilttiiityMß 4f>' ln«\«tiv «*/TttlV>«
• •■■iMlli'iiti ■■•• iiurn««r ••* an hllMimilltll in •ftrt
•t.|r|t.i»i «t>l|ii>«uiii viif»tinii# «, lii-'ii (i»«u»u>ii>
i%in|.iii in H... r.v-ii.i'. ru mti i im. i.nt tii.i.i
....kfcri /'H.illii.kir- In' •.'.! tr-.li, i,. int, in,n, y l, <i
tllt'lityttiAlnl v «j4» lin-'i »l lii ii.«iii> list-. V.tw
onoriif «tio*i-iifit«lt KnVlirtllli.Uoa.liM 11, tin- n-lp
It !• ttli* iii r^V" mi li» Jtrv»ni|H)r.»n) /if ftit, urVva
(U.l» Unl[|«'l'>tJ t'/ H- T<l»> llf.«llM"i-.irlil lit linn
*liitliiV*T>»'iT>iHi|i»"»o'l^lHl'»i«f llltkftMUi'l IHI'tM
■l <-' I - 1 1 1. . ' (li^tl. Vn,... i.l IM. .ir,. I «lii • iillU.i •
»i|l»l IV una nrssrr l«r»iT ... .n.mtr*.
All '|ii« •••,< im. -nut Iv l.At .1' ivUti* iir linn. <il
•.flrrjvnt, Cl."'*.**'.* «i'U»rn,JWl -Ml V\V*\ *IVU 01
»n»uiiiit,. tWnVrV/ V»>- -'•- '■■•< *'*L)> rtitl
I liVi! •»tl**l"»*ty iijuvt '"» »un ..ii VI .. V r,- iv if IVtf
1., i.i-i li.t i-l»'.ii.Hl , i.iul -tliiV In t ill. ..i
#tj..|y in ilii lUy «J»tl« Tftfi'Mt >o't. limit' AlM
I ,l>t-, llll*l|>..-tlll I,l*l. tUt'l till. I.Mt •< IMM I
lurll il> '» .I.l.'Ujfi >i..iiiiwii tit IniliTjn Ik I*lll t-iiim I,
Vir .Mi.r..'j»f 1. 1... »r*.i«tj ..luim. : -• ld»i.«iiv»»fr -i.
*iArf>lnt»i«Mf r ««it l(iyil».*lil»rjlt.lli nl U,i> tmlUl»*l'» i
Ini.isii*. J iii% invrtkU iv .'rv.il nttil ifivrr -|J
ill in- »..|> <:».» iiliiv'i'l" «.'nl I* tt tint t,\.-v jtt>
t>. 1.1 nl .l-l.t-.TI .!.«•< |lll»lll(,l.|.l mimui.ij t|n<»i|.i».
i.r.! thiii tir:»in..iHiy m ,-n mii.v* in. ,,.,,, t
*IM» It, l. it. . >.uu|.'i» Ui< titr-t|JV» s.him .hi ,r
•UDJUU. n.u «*U<OOuC<k An Alb lUtVtif.l mi 4 1-iinii
•j»*v irini'.ttTii.nit jnr«Ti/tt i*»nt **m tuul mm
1.1.111'1l .1 1..HY..
..Hull tirirtll.etttil Miilliw'tlMiul
I'M* iL'itr.f. 10 121. TUC» ..f .-I- !.••». I. lilt
*i»«iipr.ii.iuiii».V mi I, H. rmftiw r. .»T."-i r "»t'H
*it>UtJ.IM |«J|.*> rVrt" «»•*- lit bM imu.,tii r>(
«' Wh><i> dlrrt»T«it>x»tjiMn» tfisi««ir»ij .!•«..
t iifu-t ii , 1 1 imlij r mI««i|»» >-»|. ir idAtt A. Lnvr.*
► .i..f-> ."••r. • V.-'j i"-u.i.J |U 7'ivit r..« M lil/il
-sii.n l'|. |ii->,iiliin «... f,1... ,i ..,.„. ir, i.l , . i, .| ,
lv IX f »Uo4al» C» vti*i-in-, lit. i l ii.i. nm' u>,
lnri9«l<t«nri{hti|K»l. |t|lr,l.r«ii.l -vr.it urnrj t/ui*U
UMt |i»tv * tilt."tlk.| ■lllr"(V« ftjltlr 1 1. ll| lllrTMl 7<|
tit*«'r*|Ti<T«lfri|Xl(i n>t UMin... *(|iO n, •xuiH.
M.i .v. I in, in ..i .1,11.5 i.-, i.. si .it) it., r. ...,,! li..
I- 'ii- ■'!<■ .-« .'.glim linn -inr. 1...H 1.1,111
iU-DrtitHivU Ui» IOTVtUia Mtu-t-i-rt ii»»|usm k+»>*
«rwnt«lliT« it .in ••>, v.t rt'i.t n.nnil • * I :inu
lll»- -wl^lJiv s .sin. v«M r.A> v ... «<v T.tfm n\~*Jl
I-.-mi 'iiP'i ik-iii •uli.f«wntt»**,iir*iß«i.
v»'ii»o fD«i*rt..fa tM'afii»» » »im'iui«i «itl tjjin.sn I
lir»l.iinirii, in»*tlt< ri.«.lns(> unjiitj v) . li- KWnitv !
im in Mii4iinrt» mi Y,i«ii«c ,r T ii(ii)»inrii«iiiiiiiiii- '
Ut'l.t ij! t'llt'l 11. , Hi' lli"S-lli| *»|*.|, M| .• I. i ,1..
'."|.lj.»i, tfi.'.j tti" fi'»t-'l /ik i.ji jim . i« ir.iur it,..
1 .nv...1.r>,..l linriii»TJiOjii^(ULl^>l,lfiLuu. .lir "j*tr*« J
PROFESSOR E. H. GRIGGS, Chair of Ethics, I.eland Stanford Jr. University, Whose
Espousal of the Cause of Equal Suffrage in Uis Recent Scientific Lecture
Before the Woman's Congress Awakened So Much Enthusiasm Among the
Leaders of That Movement and Won Tame for Him— The "Ideal Man."
one, out of which It developed with the change in
the plane of life. What we want is aot that the
greatest number of children possible should be
born into ihe world, and that women should be a
lltile higher order of domestic animals. The need!
Is for a more Intelligent motherhood and father- j
hood, and better-born and better-educated chil
dren. When the human will and reason develop,
they should more and more take the place, of bund
instincts and Irrational forces in the working out
of life.
It is this progressive change In the plane of selec
tion which Is so often ignored In the current scien
tific thinking. No fact of human life is in any way
deeraded by throwing new Huhi on its origin aud
I history- lx>ve and personal modesty an- in no way
I lens noble or less true wtien we view them as n
! suits of a long struggle up from a low primitive i
| plane. The fact that the whole meaning of in: r
riage once lay in reproductive and industrial econ- i
omy In no way detracts from its spiritual and I
humau meaning on the plane of life which human- ,
ity has attained.
Our time is transitional, and hence it Is one of!
complication aud suffering. There are countless !
misadjustments in tbe sphere of the personal rela
tion*. Women whose insiinca, developed by cen
turies of life, prompt to sink themselves utterly la
th« life of the family, art' united to men who crave
tbe constant meeting with a strong, fresh, inde
pendent personality.
Women Often Misunderstood.
Still greater is the suffering when men who wish
their homes to stand somewhat aside from the
main interests of their lives, and who desire their
wives to have no Interests except the narrower do
| mestle ones, are united to women who have an In
tellectual hunger and a deep desire to realize their
best possibilities of life. The suffering Is much
greater In th* second case, because women have so
much less opportnnlty to readjust their lives.
Every effort they make In such situations Is mis
understood, and is as apt to crush as to elevate
them.
Yet we can afford to submit to all sorts of mls
; adjustments with their consequent suffering for tbe
sake of the higher Ideal which is being worked out
I of It all. Transition epochs are always painful.
; but they lead to better conditions in the life of
j the future. We need to work out on to the higher
I plane. Letourni'au and others have pointed out
I that ihe degree of freedom possessed by women is
the best test of the progress of civilization.
The differences between men and women are
not to be overcome, and it is altogether wrong to
attempt to destroy them. Differentiation and
specialization have made the character and func
tion of each sex permanently different from that
iof the other. Nothing Is uglier and more offensive
than masculine women and effeminate men. The
family relation will always fill a more Important
place In the lives ot women than of men. ihere
are typical d ifferences in mind and heart between
men and women which it would be as Impos Ible
1 as undesirable to overcome. Thus we shall always
! have the "eternal womanly," as Goethu expresses
it, to "!ead us on."
Yet we need to recognize that there is a third
plane in the evolution of the higher human life
which is often ignored in current discussions
\V hen any special function is developed its useful
ness depends uj on Its being bound closely in the
organic whole of life. This is especially true of
the more complex sphere of human life.
The Involution of Woman.
The evolution of higher human activities shows
i three distinct stageß. We begin, as Spencer has
| shown, with a simple homogeneous unity at the
i beginning and pass to differentiation and special
ization. But the Important fact is that we tend to
pass to a more organic unity on a higher plane, a
unity which Includes the greatest differentiation
and specialization.
Thus in the evolution of government, from
loose tribal and family conditions, all possible
types of social organizations are differentiated in
cluding aristoci a ies. oligarchies, tyrannies, mon
i archies, etc. iei progress does not end with the
; greatest possible differentiation. We tena to pass
on to a type of social organization which shall be
democratic and combine the most organic uu.tv
with the greatest possible freedom. Kvery stu
dent of modern civilization will recognize tbe
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
truth of this. The growth of international law
and the clear tendencies toward a commonwealth
of nations are the best possible Illustration of it.
In a similar way in the evolution of religion we
pass lrum the primitive awe in the presence of the
unknown forces of life and nature, through all pos
sible types of religion ami superstition, up toward,
a common faith in the sanity of the universe, tne
Infinite meaning of life, and the one God and
Father of us all. In moral progress we pass froru
the rude egoism and dawning altruism of primi
tive men, through a wide variety of moral stand
ards, up to a common recognition of the great un
derlying laws of nature, by harmony with which,
life and all good ends of life ran be attained.
The same three stages can be traced In the
evolution of the family und of sex ideals, as has
been said. It Is almost certain that monogamy pre
ceded polygamy, polyandry anu various relatively
promiscuous conditions In the evolution of the
family. We pass out through various types
toward the ideal of a permanent union between
two based on the deeper qualities of character and
becoming nobler with every day of life.
We are able to see on approach to this higher or
ganic unity in ihe evolution of s-\ Meat*. The
human ideal tends to integrate in a higher organic
unity the Ideals of manhood and womanhood.
Sex ideals tend to approach each other, or rather
with their expansion the sphere of each tends to
overlap and Include more of the other. Without
losing the Dosi live masculine virtues we expect a
measure of the finer feminine qualities in men;
and with no sacrifice of essential womanliness we
wish for more of the positive qualities of charac
ter in women.
The Path to a Wider Life.
We asjk that men shall be not alone strong and
bravo und true, but refine. l aud gentle; and wo ask
that women shall be not only sensitive and tender
and loving, but strong aud capable of some meas
ure of independent life.
This uuity in ideals tends to Increase with the
growth of greater freedom in the development of
life. Mere likeness between men and women Is
the last thing to be desired. We do not wish
women to be made over into cheap Imitations of
men. Copying details, perhaps merely accidental,
iv masculine dress ami lx>liavior Is not, me path to
wnler life. What is needed is not likeness, butau
final development and freedom. *
There can be no satisfying )>ersonßi relations for
Intelligent human beings except upon a plane ot
entire equality. There is an Inevitable Insipidity
in any intimate personal relation when one m.li
vidual is a mere copy of the other. It is a halt)
Ihw of life that to !>«■ worthy of aay deep human
relation one must h? capable of doing without it.
Whenever the life of one individual becomes com
pletely absorbed in that of another, so that all
Independence of thought ainl life U lost, tbe best
possibilities of happiness ami development are at
an end. BeM ■acnllce may tie either good or na-l
according to the en l i<T which It Is done. To re
gard ll as always tood id Itself leads to much Im
moral self-sacrifice— a failing more common to
women thi»n to men. Many times a wife and
mother gives up all ihonghtof her own culture and
development and sacrifices beneU utterly for her
husband mid children. There SM limes when this
may be necessary anil right, but there it r- times
when It Isdis'inctly not right, and She may awaken
to fli.d h»-n>elf uninteresting to her husband and
unappreciated by her children. This Is v bitter
truth, but we must remember that one's life can
only be worth to another what it is worth to one's
self. The kind of self-e'acriflce which is a mere
abandonment of opportunity Is of small couse
quence for any worthy end.
Men Want Free Mothpis,
On!y with the most MftMt equality in the free
dom and development of men and women can we
hope to have .carriage and family life based uoon
an ideal plane. Herein lies the g. males! signifi
cance of all widening of the spheres of interest and
activity for women. The wider these interests and
activities the better wives and more Intelligent
mothers shall we have. Ought we expect boys
and girls to be prepared best for citizenship by
mothers and teachers who have no voice and no
responsibility In the affairs of the state*
Whatever tends to free women from any exter
nal compulsion to marry places marriage Itself
upon a nobler plane. It is in the Interest neither
of the. present nor of the next generation that
women should be forced Into marriage by eco
nomic causes. It in a voluntary and inteilieent
motherhood based upon an uncompelled and lov
ing union that Is capable of giving ciiUens
to the state and good men and women to thn
world.
The Interests of men are the Interests of women
and the interests of women are the interests of
men. The notion there is a necessary struggle for
supremacy between the sexes, nnd thai, one con
quers at the expense of the other, Is one of the most
absurd and pernicions doctrines or notions ever
perpetrated upon a patient world. If It is for the
true Interests of women that they should nave the
right of suffrage, or any other measure of freedom.
It Is for the advancement of the Interests of men
that they should receive iv The larger freedom
and better education of even a few Individuals
means much for the progress of humanity.
The only safety is in free don and truth. No im
mediate regeneration of humanity can be ex
pected from giving women the right of suffrage. It
will not make all Idle people industrious, nor all
selfish ones generous. It wilt not iclve us perfect ly
clean politics nor ideal schools. The admission of
any large body of people to a right and responsi
bility they have not previously possessed is gen
erally accompanied by some olsturbancs which
cause temporary harm. The political freedom of
women is less Important than their Industrial and
personal freedom. But political freedom Is a great
ht'-p toward these latter, and as such deserves our
most cordial support. We may expect, from the
admission of women to greater political freedom
something of the same uplifting influence which
they have exerted upon every .sphere of activity
into which they have naturally developed.
Not the Purity of Innocence.
One who reads the long story of the progress of
humanity and who sees the bitter suffering that
marks every step of the way Is apt at tiroes to
desnuir and to wonder whether the achievements
of the race have been worth their price. Hut what
should amaze us Is not the lowness of the origin
of higher human things, nor the pain and suffer
ing that marked the way, but the sublime heights
to which humanity has attained, and the yet
higher dreams which lead us on.
Out of It all we can see the new Ideal of woman
hood emerging. It Is not the purity of Innocence
which we shall reverence, but the purity
ot virtue: not the negative medieval Ideal, but
the positive one of harmonious and rounded devel
opment. Unlike the artificial ideal of the middle
ages this Is In Hue with natural selection, for
more and more, the selective value is placed
upon it with the higher development of
life. It is the " Eternal Womanly," but
unhampered by artificial limitations and tradi
tional slavery- It is woman, loving, tender and
sensitive: but woman, strong, true and independ
ent, capable of standing alone, and so worthy of
the highest union in the most Intimate relations
of human life. Ei>wabi> lluwabd Gbiqus.
"How Far Is Woman Adapted and Adaptable
to Political Functions?" was the title of Pro
fessor H. H. Powers' now famous lectnre be
fore the Woman's Congress in this City. Pro
fessor Towers took the negative side of the
• question, protesting that it were not the part
of wisdom to endow woman with the suffrage.
The following is the complete lecture, now
made public for the first time :
What Is Woman?
The woman questiou logically begins with the
Inquiry, What Is woman, why is woman and why
is she what she Is? This fundamental Inquiry Is
seldom seriously undertaken. On the one hand
there are playful assertions that woman's nature
is Inscrutable and her ways past finding out; and
onThe other It i s tacitly assumed that anybody
knows enoujh about her for all practical purposes-
I approach the questiou with some diffidence,
knowing that I shall give occasion for pleasantry
to those who are so disposed, but hoping that those
who hear me will not be so disposed. lam aware,
too, that exception may be taken to anything I
may say. The most general truths are not quite
general and opinions will differ ns to their relative
Importance. Above all it will b» hard for us to
look calmly at what Is, when we are looking
yearningly lor that which we hope shall be.
Passing nytiiM nvre physiology of sex we note
sundry characteristics of woman which are not so
Obviously connected with theuex function. These I
are the secondary sex characters. In like manner
there ar« secondary functions associated with ttie
primary functions of sex, but not obviously essen
tial to It. It Is these si-condHry characters and
functions whiih il is proposed to modify, the
primary ones being unalterable.
In a gencrul wav these characters are obvious
enough. First of all, woman is sonirwha* smaller
an I weiter thim man, though the difference it
purtly o.ie of kind as well as degree. A woman
can ( arry « baby longer thanaman and feel the
burden less, bat abe can seldom screw up a foun
tnin pen so '.hat It will not Ink her fingers, or un
screw- it if some one else does so. she excels in
endurance of modi-rate exertion long continued,
as mini docs in violent, intensive action, a differ
ence having an Importuul bearing on the problem
of occupation.
Kmotionally the differences are more marked.
Woman's eetnetio peiceptlons are quicker and
more delleate an.i Intenee. Te this la due tier deft
n embroidery and esthetic production of
every sort, her *iull as a musician, where she
ranks scarcely belo* roan, and her success in dnv
nuitie execution. | rinisf(Tr<-d from things to per
vsiis he esthetic liri.ls It* analog in the moral |
■ense. Kdatloas which are not beautiful between
persons, relations winch shock our sense of ft tufas
and hurt ourfeelim: lor harmony, these ire wrong
■ i. Here, too. woman is traditionally >» m
ti\e. There can !«• no doubt whatever rs to her
it- llcaoy of appreotatlen In reicard to tho«e nt-nonal
relations which her experience makes familiar to
her. It is true th.i; her moral pre-eminence Is
' KfiKifcritted from too exclusive alien: ion to
..lions v.hi re her vlial Interests and her dit
se\ instincts give to her hldgnteatS arc
nmrkable WtfOt and tenacity, while In matters of
is, bonor, etc., aha Is said not to excel: but
when hM allowances are made we must concede
that the emotional basis ot morals is abundantly
preeent in her nature.
No AY omit ii Musical Composer.
In other directions she la emotionally well
eijiiipppd. Hor power of blind devotion to some
Object irrespective of merit and conversely her ca
pacity for unreasoning hate, for tenacious preju
dice and tumultuous Indignation, are seldom dis
(>iited. and if they are It is usually with angry ve
hemence which exemplifies the quality il denies.
As regards intellectual capacity modern educa
tional experience is beginning :o dispel some pop
ular illusions. 1 have taught in widely different
institutions from Massachusetts to California: co.-
Foreach separately and fot both together on
every possible basis, aud one conclusion is Ihe re
sult of each. Tbe women excel the men In those
intellectual qualities which are the basis of ordi
nary comparison Iv college classes. They learn
more easily, are more nimble and versatile, re
member better, StQdy belter, take things more se
! rioosly. It Is true that they are more mature than
young men Of equal age and !>o do not compete on
equal terms, but in my opinion the odds will re
lufcin In their fttvor when all the allowances have
beetl IDUile.
1 his would be a rood place to stop my analysis if
chivalry were my motive, but It Is not. It must
have oc urred to you that as I have touched al
point after point, I have omitted some obvious
truths, which qualify the con. luslon reached. In
tbe realm of esthetics, the wealth of woman's per
ceptions is no less notable than ihe poverty of her
cr»-H lons, she can appreciate, but not create.
Women musicians and lovers of music, their
name Is legion, hut there Is no composer. In paint-
Ing, her achievements usually end with the mas
tery of technique. A . eacher knows how spon
taneously a woman gravita es toward poetry and
lives in its almoiphere. but she writes no poetry
that endures. Look where you will, the same is
true. The new thoughts, the darlntr comb nations,
the mighty undertakings that havejoi <ed sundered
contluens and pot asunder lauds that God bad
touted, these have bt-cu man's contributions to
progress.
From I'romethens, who stole the fire of the cods,
to Franklin, who robbed the clouds of their light
ning, ihe series is unbroken. Don't say woman
has had no chance. She has lime for tedious
acres of embroidery and the endless Intricacies of
etiquette m»rti- possible by her leisure. It takes
no longer lobe a composer than to be a primfc
donna, and for centuries she has had nothing but
encouragement in half tbe lines I have mentioned.
And. In any case, why hasn't she had the oppor
tunity? An imlivi-lual may have no opportunltv,
but in the long run aud for well defined classes or
species opportunity Is but the counterpart oi
capacity. As far hack as we Can trace secondary
sex characters in animal or plant there Is reason
to believe that tie aggressive, the originative, the
combinative and constructive character Is that of
the n.ale. lam not glad this Is so. nay, rather. 1
! would bu sorry— lf a scientist had any business to
' be sorry.
Her Obstinacy and Fickleness.
I must trust toyourreasonabroness to remember
that I have always conceded woman's superiority
In other lines equally Important, as 1 ask your
attention a little further to possibly unwelcome
suggestions. From the relative lock of the faculty
of co-ordination and broad generalization results
that ascendency of tbe emotions which has so
| often been Dated. A woman judges by intuition,
; we are told, i. p., by ft feeling of attraction or re
pugn unce. which wp lastly (all instinct. There
may be the best of ivason for her feeling, but she
seldom in able io state It. Judgments thus arrived
at are exceedingly invulnerable lo the assaults of
the reasoning proces , with which. Indeed, they
have nothing to do. la the turreutial argument
which Is common with women, there is much
Ingenious argument and logic which would be
.sOiiihl it it were seasoned with dispassionateness.
A further restih of this emotional asceudencv is
the conservatism which is associated with women,
and rehgtou in which she puts man's lukewnrm
ne~ tv , oiutanily to shame. To this is due her
obstinacy and her fickleness, qualities as real to
day an in the time of >.nt>H«, and inseparable from
tbe emotional temperament. 1 can but suggest
what it would require liours to elaborate. I tans
to a final point or contrast which is of the utmost
importance and which is for the most part relig
iously overlooked. Woman is more highly sexed
than man. I know this statement will not pass
unchallenged. It will occur to all that the primi
tive sex passion is not characteristic of women,
but it is rather th<>unenvlableberitageof men. Nor
will women SC«inleeoe In any Implicailou that they
spend their time thinking about men and trying to
win their favjr. I Intend no such Implication.
But yet it !■» true that woman, to an Incomparably
greater degree than man, lives and moves and hm
her being in facts that concern the sex relation.
Of most of this she m happily unconscious, but it
Is the sex function which explains those acta
which convention has declared feminine and those
Instincts which we associate with her character.
1 assim; by such externals as woman's dress, with
its atudu-d effort to emphasize sex character, an
effort which iii the ballroom Is redoubled under
conventional sanction^, all with a view to the or
derly accomplishment of nature's legitimate pur
pose, passing with simple mention the peculiar In
tensity and tenacity of woman's sex attachments
and thu consequences of their disappointment, 1
ask your attention to minor characteristics which
are embodied in the typical feminine character,
not the new woman, the future woman, the Ideal
woman, but the woman whom the consensus of
opinion has pronounced peculiarly and satisfac
torily feminine. Why have hp.r arts, her graces,
her beauty, figure, attitude and bearing been pre
ferred to others ?
Only one answer Is possible. These have played
into the function of sex. which has been the
measure of woman's eflicleney. We may not like
this, b::t we must not deny it. If wo analyze the
corresponding historic ideal of mau we shall reach
no such result. Uis drf as bus been evolved with
lerciencK to convenience In his occupations, which
woman's certainly hns riot. That intenser sex
evolution which in woman has transformed a gross
savage instinct, into the most exquisite of our pas
sions has lagged far behind in man, leaving him
much the savatte that he was thousands of years
ago. lhe qualities that make the typical maa are
but remotely related to sex. The arm strong to
conquer, the will to rule, the brain to plan, withal,
the capacity for relations between man and man
nnd man and nature: these have always been
.foremost In society's ideal for man: the woman
charmer has always been at a discount.
Will Woman's Character Change ?
In all the foregoing I have intended neither com
pliment nor disparagement. If my analysis of
feminine character Is less flattering: than might
have been hopod, I can only add that I have al
ways thought of this exquisite product of the high
est sex evolution as Dr. Johnson said about the
strawberry: '-Perhaps God might have madesome
thlng better, but It is certain that he never did."
It Is obvious that these secondary sex character
istics are closely related to secondary functions
which have been long associated with the funda
mental sex function. The relation between the two
is casual and Is hut au Illustration of that process
of adjustment of character to function with which
evolution has made us familiar.
As was said at the outset, tne radical woman
movement is nothing more nor less than an effort
to change these secondary functions Of sex. I c.,
the occupations which have been historically aaso- I
elated wlih sex. This raises two questions. First,
If functions are changed, will character adjust it- ]
self to the new functions? Second, will a change
of either function or character react upon the
fundamental function of sex, arid how?
The first question has been often answered and
is generally considered disposed of. Discussion
having passed the superficial stage where people
denied the existence of subsidiary sex characters
It is commonly thought sufli lent to assert, that
each sex has developed faculties suited to its occu
pations and that a change in Its occupations will
change its faculties. There Is certainly some truth
in this assertion, but it is subject to limitations
which It is important to note.
In the first place, It is too often assumed that sex
characters are individual rather than racial, that
they are due to individual education. Different
ways of thinking and feeling are the result of
different experiences, Give a woman a man's
tasks and she will develop a man's faculties. This
is certainly an error. The characteristics, what
ever they are. are the product not of the Indi
vidual's experience but of the experience of the
race. Such characteristics have a marvelous per
sistence. It is safe to assume that, were the condi
tions which produced them abruptly chanced,
centuries would be required to materially modify
the character itself. '1 he fundamentals of char
acter have their seat In structure, which is con
trolled by prenatal conditions, often very remote.
However the pre.sent controversies retarding
heredity may be settled, It in clear that the slow
accumulations of progress are gathered and per
petuated by heredity far more than by continuity
of circumstance. One of the immensities which
the word has never yet comprehended is the
momentum of heredity, which for an indefinite
time to come will Insure that the new woman will
be the mother of the old Kind of girl.
The Question of Maternity.
But, some one will Inquire, will the new woman '
be a mot her at ail? Of tourse, if she isn't, then a
new otstacle Is Interposed to the desire,! meta
morphosis Let us understand this point clearly If
possible. It will be of no use to be clear afterward
if we are not clear here. It Is thought desirable to
give women new function*, and so far as necessary
new faculties, which shall tit them for their exer
cise. A certain number, best fitted for the
transformation, are spontaneously chosen, and
they acquire the new prerogatives and
the new character. If these women have
a goodly number of daughters, who inherit
their tendencies and are brought up In the atmos
phere of the new Ideas and the type proves hardy
and pro! inc. the change may go on apace, and a
fen centuries may make quite a change In the
feminine type. Hut if these worn— thus selected
do not have daughters, but leave that function to
women who do not share their Instincts or train
their daughters in the new way, the chance will
make little headway, and emancipation wilt be but |
the prelude to extinction.
Of course this point Is not new. It has wen
raised and ridiculed a hundred times, but until It
evokes something more than il is pa raging allusions
to doll women aad disdainful remarks about the
PROFESSOR 11. H. POWERS, Chair of Economics, I eland Stanford Jr. University,
Whose Scientific Lecture Before the Woman's Congress Against the Ad
visability of Equal Suffrage Provoked Ho Much Discussion on All Sides
and Awakened the Combative Energies of the Members of the Congress.
men who admire them, I fear the doll will con
:lnue to Inherit the future and emancipation will
languish for lack of a constituency. lam amazed
»t the complete oversight of thi* In manydlsCUS
ilons. The desirability of different func ions is
Ilscussed as though it were entirely an individual
affair in which society has no interest. Thus one
writer declare* that science warrants woman in
renouncing the duties of maternity. Just what
science authorizes this remiirUnb «■" conclusion is
not stated. A university professor In hi- svliabus
an this subject defines as follow the "rlchta
ivomen want. Might not io marry, to earn her
swn living, to enter the professions, to pet due
wages, to be esteemed professionally, to tit herself
tol 1 study, to have access to clinics, laboratories,
ectures. libraries, to get recognition by dip onias.
Klght to marry, to control hT person, to hold prop
?rty. to simplify housekeeping, to have or iiot to
jave children. "
l'erhnps she wants all these things, but I < er
:alnly hope that if tbe right not to marry or not to
iave children, etc., is granted, women will not all
ineak at once. I have a feeling that it would
prove a setback to the progress of the race. .Now
jf course these and many other rlcht* may safely
M granted to a considerable number of individual
ivomen. But this Is not the question. Looked al
'rom the standpoint of society the question of In
iivlduol rights is totally Irrelevant. Nice ques
ions of what la needful for the Individual "to
nirgeou out of all within her " society is often
■ompeiUd to Ignore in deference to the sterner
lecesslly of self-preservation and collective de
velopment. In this great movement there Is no
nexorable justice or individual rlL'ht. only a com
>lex social necessity which sacrifices the indi
viduals needful lor Its purpose us relentlessly as
van sacrifices an oyster.
Would Be a Setback to Progress.
The social necessity that is laid upon woman Is
hat she shall perpetuate the race under con
lit ions compatible with the social order. Indi
viduals may be excused and may solve the woman
iroblem for themselves, but their solution will
iave no permanent social significance. It cannot
►c too f rt quently or strenuously Insisted thnt the
roman question is not solved till ills solved for
narrled women. Any theory which tells a woman
0 take her choice between marriage and sunn
hmir else not only does not solve the main
iroblem, but it may even retard us solution. The
ights whlcn society can feasibly grant to women
is a class must therefore be such us will not Inter
ere with wifehood and motherhood. Bven the
privileges granted to exceptional Individuals can
iot safely be such as will tempt any considerable
lumber of desirable women to choosr- them In
•reference lo marriage. Tbe inevitable result
)t such a tendency would be the perpetuation of
ioclhv from- inferior stock and a setback to
progress.
And now we come to the gTeat question. What
may a wife aud mother be and do? I hope no
man will be mean enough to grudge her the privi
leges he enjoys or to wantonly restrict her oppor
tunity. But how far doe 3 wife and mother hooo.
1 self restrict her opportunity ? For unmarried
women I have no concern at present, the more so
because they are likely to be much like their
mothers and to do that which their faculties per
mit.
First of all, It is plain that maternity Is an ob
itacle to employments as paternity is not. The
higher occupations may be said to begin at 28.
This Is the average age for women in those classes
to marry.
And now follows a period of perhaps ten years.
In which she must bear and rear three or lour
children. With a well-developed system of nurses
md baby-farming, she may not lose more than
three years out of the ten, but If she cares for the
children herself she will lose the whole ten years,
rbese ten yenrs are the period when her malecom
petitor Is winning Uis spurs. When at thirty-five
ihe has accomplished the most of her task, she
itlll is not tree from cares which maternity Im
poses.
Handicapped by Motherhood.
It may be that some men could succeed in law,
nedlcine or politics under such circumstan es, but
nost men could not. If woman is to succeed
igalnst such odds she must possess abilities such
is her most sanguine representatives have never
ilaimed that she possessed. Of course all this may
» happen exceptionally or seemingly, as with child
less marrli ge, which does not count, or rudiment
ary motherhood, where the child is neglected. But
these do not concern us. We see thus that normal
motherhood Imposes tremendous obstacles in the
way of woman's undertaking occupations In which
she comes into active competition with men. We
have now to consider the relation of the secondary
sex characters to the maternal and other func
tions. Are her emotionality, her assimilative
rather tbau originative Intellect, and the corollary
of these two, her instinctive dependence In feeling
and thought, necessary to maternity? Physiolog
ically they are not. But the sex. function long ago
tcsecd to be a merely physiological one. Repro
duction must be not only physiologically but psy
chologically and socially possible or it does not
take place.
I lie social requisite of this function is marriage
and the psychological requisite is inclination
I thereto. lam convinced that not one man In fifty
I would marry if marriage meant to him what It
does to woman In the way of suffering, labor and
social status. Men sometimes want to get mar
ried very much, but not enough for that. If
woman judges differently it Is because nature has
given her different conditions of judgment, she
loves too intensely, cravei leadership too strongly,
thinks too narrowly, lives in sex relations too
utterly to be deterred by th - hardships which mar-
I nan'- involves. Make h*r resolute, far-seeing. In
dependent, with the more moderate emotions
| which these qualities involve, and you will change
: her inclinations. Nay. the thing is hup pen ing uu
tli r our very eyes. It is customary at this point to
read a wholesome homily to men on their marital
misconduct and their responsibility for the hard
ships which women endure. In this way the main
Issue can be avoided und several very truthful
things can be said, all more or less irrel - vant.
It Is true that if men were better than nature
: made them tr-c hardships of wifehood would be
ie-,1 than lhe\- ar*-. iiul the supreme hardships Of
wifehootl, suffering aud limited opportunity, can
never wholly disappear. To a more passionless
and calculating natur', less llKely to be lured by
love or goaded by heartache, wifehood would be
unattractive at best, aud would not be chosen.
Woman Craves Affection.
It is here that I expect the soberest and most
thoughtful among you will dissent. The danger
that woman will ever deliberately prefer not to
i marry is regarded by thoughtful observers as of
! all things least likely. If there is anything f unda
-1 niTitul iv her character it is the need of a supreme
| object of affection— a need so iru;>»rious that no
1 price seems too great to pay for it* satisfaction,
suffering, subordination, limitation, ill-treat me nt,
all are endure 1. even preferred, as a conscious
probability to the alternative of non-ma(rlafe
How all but universally the world commiserates
an unmarried woman; how plainly beneath the
thinnest of disguises she commiserates herself ! The
iirteciiiiiH that brook no repression spend theiu
teJ res on poodle dogs aud the nn.st unlikely objects,
j and so the woman who has no family runs a little
menagerie by default to satisfy the cravings
of her nature. And now, it will be said, you warn
us that woman may become undomestic and cease
to care for marriage. Impossible! This, at least.
Is a false alarm. Well, I am inclined to think so
too. But lam surprised that those who argue
thus do not perceive what they have conceded.
This persistent character which is thus predicated
Involves the very characteristics which it Is pro
pssed to modify. Woman craves affection because
s"e is before all things emotional. If, at is so
often asserted, no man wishes to marry a woman
who is his superior and no woman willingly
marries a man who is not— an instinct which I
believe to be about a* general as any we jtnow— it
is because of the psychological difference- we have
before noted, because woman has the assimilative
and man the Initiative mind, because woman is
organized to^ake suggest. ons as man is to make
them, it is because a mind thus organized craves
leadership and objects of affection as the indis
pensaole conditions or its normal activity that
woman seeks both in marriage, where alone they
can be fouud. The persistence of the marital Instinct
in woman thus seems to Imply the persistence of
those characteristics which are the confessed
obstacle io the enlargement of her functions to
emancipation.
So it seems: but In the present state of our
knowledge it would be hazardous to claim that
our conclusions were certain or final. Perhaps
we are mistaken. Let us suppose that woman Is
successfully metamorphosed In thought aud feel-
Ing, and that she still chooses to marry.
Will Men Marry tho New Woman?
The question still remains, Will manfehoose to
marry her thus metamorphosed? Here again
opinions differ. On the one hand, it is obvious that
a large number of men still show a marked prefer
ence for the traditional woman. As a result of
this and other tendencies, marriage Is notably less
frequent among women who show signs of even in
cipient metamorphosis than among others. But
theeasy reply to this argument is, that this ii a
transition result. Men are unused to the new
woman, but when they come to appreciate her
superiority, her great reasonableness and efficiency,
both self-interest and inclination will give her the
preference. It is even claimed that this very move*
ment is due to a change in the selective Ideals of
men who are already showing this preference
There is doubtless much truth In this assertion.
Men are certainly co-operating In the emancipa
tion movement and are even Its principal parti
sans. It Is certainly conceivable that all men
should at last experience this change of heart
Then, on the somewhat hazardous supposition
that woman remained as conjugally disposed as
ever, marriage might continue unchecked. Will
this be the outcome?
It seems torn? that this will depend on experi
ence with the new woman as wire or mother Will
the new arrangement work as well us the old" For
It roust certainly be apparent that the arrange
ment will be a very new one. The traditional fam
ily was based on the principle of subordination. If
there was disagreement the man settled it. If the
wife objected she was coerced, but she oMn't ob
ject. Tae man picked out a woman in advatce
who was inclined to acquiesce, and the continu
ance of this selection developed a type of womau
who acquiesced Instinctively, heartily, even crav
ing an opportunity to do so. This may a:i have been
very mean and unjiiHt, but it worked. The new
fanil y is not to be based on subordination but on
equality. There is to be no coercion and no sub
mission, still less any ignominious inclination to
yield. Will such a scheme work? What about
disagreements? Plainly there are to be none.
Woman Must Acquiesce.
There must be" a more perfect harmony
of tastes and purposes in this new family.
Indeed there must be. ' Is this thing possi
ble? If so, It is In contradiction to an other
wise universal law of nature. Nature has formed
no permanent groups or partnerships applicable to
a species as a whole which do not involve subordi
nation, a subordination which may involve co
ercion at first, but a coercion sure to pass Into in
stinctive and happy acquiescence, as it has done
here. The acquiescing temperament in woman
has alone made marriage possible. There is a
chance for a fine frenzy of protest against this
odious slavtry, just aa anarchtats denounce ail
government as oppressive and children have been
known to declare parental control a tyranny.
These epithets are gratuitous. I would not con
done the crimes of ma-n against woman or assert
his claim to an unwilling homage, but I question
whet er the family In genera is possible without
a spontaneously recognized leadership resting
back on fundamentally different inclinations and
powers. Snch the family of the past has been and
such are the families which men are forming to
day. All talk of bringing men to time or accuv
tomlng them to a different type Ignores the fact
that the very association which Is charged with
selection and perpetuation of types Is responsible
for the types as they are.
Unless my reasoning Is radically wrong tho
secondary characteristics of woman are not, arbi
trary, but are a part of her aduptatiou to M
tlous under existing conditions ami must substan
tially persist while those conditions remain. [>
remains to ask whether these characteristics ,!.,
not constitute a farther obstacle to the ex
of woman's functions. It seems to me thu
such a question is to answer it. Do col
emotions, physical strength, and above a! '.
lectual assertions and initiative, count for nothing
In professional success. I will uot say what the
limit Is. but Is It not plain that psycholo
Its interdict to that of physiology and t;
too necessities ot race existence impose lliii,:> v . .
on the individual career?
Again l must remind you that this a| ; llespri
marily to married women. The woman iwio'rt^
nounces marriage in favor of some Other
especially if she be exceptionally endowed by
nature, escapes In part the limitations w.
great function Imposes upon her sex But la « 0
doing she resigns to women of more traditional ,r
stincts the privilege of nominating her siuossor
and of determining of what sort she shall be. I
married women contribute their part to the en
vironment of Ideas and customs into wh
eeneraiions are born, bat this is the leaser function
and their part even In this is the lesser pa-
Speaking broadly we may say that woniei, »h,",
do not marry do not count largely in the influence
that shape the future of their sex.
We are now ready to formulate a few princiDle*
in this matter. v *
Women Wish Tliey Were Men.
1. The Interests of society are not always
cal with the Interests of Individuals. Woman's
lot Is not enviable. Women wish they were men,
but men do not wish they were women. Women's'
personal interest calls for larger opportunity. Pir
social interest makes the desirable impossible in
part.
B. All privileges granted to women as an alterna
tive to marriage are inducements not to marry.
Functions which unmarried women might advan
tageously perform cannot al ways be safely granted
In general, tnerefore. all women must be treated
alike, ami their industrial and social status must
b*th=itof the married woman. Tne functions a!
lowed to women must be either less lnvitinz than
marriage or compatible with v.
3. An attractive function offered to women tends
to eliminate the class to whom It is attractiv-
Hence functions which rival marriage simply can
not be perpetuated.
4. Functions associated with marriage, and
therefore, permanently possib! c tor women, must be
compatible with the intellectual and emotional re
quirements of marriage.
5. These functions, in the nature of the case bo
Ing avocations, cannot be Identical with or in com
petition with those which are the vocation of men
In cosing I must try to answer In « few lines
the question proposed as the subject of my i ..,., r
How fur is woman adapted and adaptable "to politi
cal functions? First, as to the snrfracr. This is
not a vocation. It is Incidental to all careers with
which it is associated. It would not Interfere witu
marriapre directly nor perhaps indirectly. Whether
society would be improved thereby It not so clear,
mere is reason to doubt whether the conditions
which shape and must permanently shape
woman's cnarac:er are such as conduce to a sober
and discriminating vote. But what is voting for?
Is it here that the initiative and creative work of
government is done? By no means. This is the
work of a few minds' who deal with difficult
and slow fashioning material. A vote discloses
the temper of the mass they are fashioning and the
possibilities of the moment. Woman's vote would
help to that end and would give the statesman a
needed Insight into a neglected part of his prob
lem. But I should not anticipate from it moment
ous results either to woman or to society. A lady
recently said to me, "Tbe suffrage would at least
do for us what it has done for you." Possibiy, but
what has it done for men? The suffrage is not re
sponsible for the masculine character. Men are
not what they are because they vote; they vote be
lause they are what they are. But without ex
pect iiir too mtifrh from it. we may fairly ex
pect that this enlarged revelation of social feeling
would make government ultimately more suited
to social needs.
Woman's Lot Is Hard.
As we rise to the higher functions involving ad
ministration and initiation, the case is different.
These two were once regarded as avocations, inci
dents in a citizen's career. Anybody conld be a
Judge in Athens as anybody can be the Mayor of
an American city without special training. But
this conception is changing and must continue to
change as our problems become more complex.
Ultimately- the higher administrative and legis
lative functions must be entrusted, to highly spe
cialized functionaries. To the extent that t nis is t rue
tney cannot be equally available for the two sexes,
aken all in all. neither woman nor society hits
much to hope from her political emancipation:
irobably too they have little to fear. It is the
world's perennial delusion that limitation and
privil ge are matters of low and arbitrary regula
tion. They Inhere in the necessities of nature of
which these things are but the shadow. Woman's
lot is hard and m part unnecessarily so. I cannot
understand how any one can be unwilling to as
sist in all-promising efforts for Us amelioration.
But that amelioration must be effected primarily
in industrial and domestic relations. Woman
would gain infinitely more to be emancipated from
the barbarism of modern housework than by any
change la her political status: she Is far more
tyrannized over by her sWirtsthan by her husband;
she Is more In need of nocKets than of political
rights. This is no excus» for neglecting any means
of improving her condition, but we shall accom
plish most by recognizing limitations, by expect
ing only possible things. Nor need we guard na
ture's limitations with grudging legal restrictions.
Nature will probably protect her interest in this
case by means of her own. l-et us extinguish
every ungenerous Instinct which grudges to
women the privileges of tbe largest life. Let us
give free scope to every noble aspiration that
makes for human betterment. And then— let us
reconcile ourselves, as indeed we must, to what re
mains of nature's enforced inequalities and the
great world's necessary pain. H. 11. Powitßa.
Eagles always drive away their young
as soon as the latter are able to fly well.
Business is never good with the eagle and
he does not enjoy competition.
NEW TO-DAY^
AJDYIN^SPARK
Stop Right Now! Don't Light
Another! You're Burning
Your Brains.
Wrecks Along the Street-Side.
/"•■■"•-T-^-J Ofttimes tobacco's yic-
C *. _>w tims look at the dying
" \_ O spark in the cigar stump,
\V?/"f or at the big masticated
V/ *>> "chaw" of tobacco just ex-
<L-srs pectorated, nnd with
\yX nerves nicotinized with
/O\ tobacco, mentally resolve,
in' c— * ,£, "Now, that is my last, 1
•f * y ?\ will never use it again.it
**™&dfo&'*£ktki is injuring me physically
and financially and my
nerves are so irritated that I can't stand the
least annoyance." What is the result? These
good resolutions are made while the effects of
tobacco paralyzes the cravings of millions of .
irritated nerve centers, and when the effects
pass away the good resolutions weaken, show*
ing that the use of tobacco is not a nabit but a
disease of the nervous system caused by the
education of the nerves to crave for the nico-
tine poisoning. As an instance, here is the case
of a North Carolina clergyman, who writes:
Hillsboro, N. c.
Gentlemen: Two weeks ago I began to use No-
To-Bac, and I am now prepared to give it my un-
qualiflea Indorsement as accomplishing precisely
what is claimed for it. I have been an ■ inveterate
chi'wer of the weed for years and had made some
half dozen or more efforts to overcome the habit
without success. On the 19th day of January I
began to use Xo-To-Bac. and by the time 1 had
used three boxes my desire for tobacco was gone
and I feel like a new man. Your remedy Is indeed
wonderful and it will enable any man to get rid of
the tobacco habit, no matter what hold it may have
taken of him. if he desires to give it up and will
carry out your directions.
Allow me to thank you most heartily to-day and
it gives me great pleasure to give this testlmtnial.
Very truly yours,
(Rev.) B. 8. McKEJJZIE.
Does it not suggest itself that a natural thin*
to do is to take a remedy that is specially pre-
pared to overcome the nerve craving effects
and restore the tobacco irritated nerves to a
normal and healthy condition? 1 You will find
it in .No-io-Bac. If Xo-To-Bac fails to cure The
Sterling Remedy Company of New York, Mon-
treal and Chicago have so much faith that they
positively guarantte to refund the money. Get
their famous booklet, "Don't Tobacco Spit and
Smoke \ our Life Away." Written guarantee
and free sample mailed for the asking.
RADWAVS
n PILLS,
nj 3 KiLfM pLmn tiwlfJ -
■*■ *■■ BOUsB laJmq^ P9
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of the food, cause
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bow«U
natural in their operat on without gripingSIXTH STREET
ON SATURDAY NIGHT
Some streets of a great city present
scenes of rushing men and women and
speecfing vehicles all the day long and
every day in the week; but there are other
streets that have periodical shells of tu
multuous life, and which, although ordi
naril/ playing second fiddle to the big
thoroughfares, sometimes make brave
enough to try a few strains on the tirst
violin. Sixth street in San Francisco, for
instance, doesn't pretend to rival the great
downtown business streets nor to com
mand throngs of equal size every day ; but
when it comes to Saturday night— why,
then it is a different story.
On Saturday night .-sxth street is one of
the liveliest thoroughfares in all the City.
From 7 o'clock until close to midnight the
crowds surge this way and that, and the
stores reap a harvest, if appearances are
not very deceptive. Saturday night is the
flush night with tbe laboring classes, and
Sixth street attracts a great many of the
dollars of labor as sure as that night rolls
around.
Street fakers appreciate the desirability
of i^ixth street on such an occasion, and
they may be found there in strong array
on the closing evening of the week, indus
triousJy plying their work of Juringinto
their tin boxes the stray dimes of the lib
eral-handed.
The taniale men are out in force with
their steaming pails, the fruit venders are
shaking their bargains under people's
noses, and from wayside wagons which
the well-fed police find it difficult to keep
on the move chickens and ducks and rab
bits are being sold in numbers to suit.
Agitators are haranguing crowds on the
corners, candy men with huge baskets
strapped on in front of them are pushing
here and there picking up loose nickels,
pateni-medicine folks are holding forth
under flaring gasoline lamps or smoking
torches, and the whole street seems alive
with investors and money-turners.
But Sixth street is better known of late as
the scene of a great butchers' warfarf. Two
big retail markets — Brady's and Stone's —
wf re having things pretty much their own
way not a long time ago, and doing business
enough to make rivais envious. But those
markets laiied to patronize the Baden
slaughter-house and this peculiar fact pre
cipiiatea a row. The Baden people re
soived ro run those two snops out of busi
ne-s and with that object in view started
a retaii>ineat market on the same side of
Sixth street, and not a stone's throw dis
tant from the old establishments.
To inform the street of this advent and
attract* attention the Baden man hired a
brass band, and people were offered th*>.
novelty of a chance to purchase steaks
and chops to the entrancing music of "Ma
Angeiine" or "Johnny, My Old Friend
AN EXPEDITION
TO OBSERVE
PROFESSOR Leverett M. Loomis, !
urator of the department of orni- i
liiology of the Academy of Sci- j
ences, is at present making prepa- i
rations to start on an extensive ex- !
pedition to observe the migration of sea!
birds as they pass down the California j
coast from the northern to the southern j
hemisphere. No definite plans have yet j
been decided upon, but the expedition will i
start as soon as it can get ready. As on j
his similar expeditions Mr. Loomis will !
work off the coast of Monterey Bay, using |
a small rowboat to go out from land so as I
to get as near as possible to the moving
flocks.
In spite of the fact that the migration of
birds has been known since Biblical times, !
the study is practically in its infancy. It i
is Known that birds nesting in the far i
north in summer go south when winter |
comes. But how far south? And how do !
they know the way? Those are questions j
still to be settled. Some ornithologists j
hold to the theory that the whole act of
migration is a matter of instinct; others
believe it is the resalt of experience. Mod- ■
crn students generally tend to tbe belief
that it is partly experience and partly teach- j
ing by the old birds, largely governed by j
the food supply. The rock}' inlets of
Alaska afford safe nesting places from
April to September and also furnish an
abundant supply of food. But with the
■winter comes hunger, and the rookeries
must be depopulated fora more congenial
locality.
The coast of California has an abundant
food supply, but, with tne exception of a !
few islands, has no secure nesting-places, i
so the birds have to co further south, pos- j
Sibly to the Antarctic regions. Gulls,
petrels, auks, loons and albatrosses pass
1 Mano-War Birds' Rookery in Lower California, Drawn from an Instantaneous
Phofograph.
down the coast in myriads. There is a
steady movement southward from June to
December and a northward movement for
about four months, commencing in Janu
ary or February. The early birds to arrive
in the north are. of course me fir.-t to hatch
their young and start south.
Some birds migrate almost from pole to
pole, while others go only a short distance
on either side of the equator. The man-of
war bird is known to nest in marshy
places along the coast of California in the
winter, but it never gets very far north in
the summer. In our summer the petrel
is found on the northern shores of the
continent, and in the following January
the same birds may be found nesting on
the shores of New Zealand, and there is a
strong ground for belief that they go to
the Antarctic continent.
Professor Loomis was the first ornitholo
gist to study the migration of birds or. the
water, and on his expedition made over a
year ago found out several things that
were surprising and made him believe that
instinct had very little to do with it. The
migration of land birds nearly all takes
place at night, and of course is most diffi
cult to observe, but on the water the oppo
site condition obtains.
While in his small boat off the coast of
Monterey Mr. Loomis was able to see that
the migrating columns followed the shore
line. They even swerved to the eastward
when they came to Santa Cruz Point and
followed the curved line of Monterey Bay
] around to Point Pinos. To have cut
\ across between the two points would seem
!to be the instinctive route. It would have
j also made the distance much* shorter. It
j was also seen that on foggy days the col
; uran kept close to shore. As soon as the
| fog lifted the birds would take a course
THE SA"N" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1800.
further out, generally about three miles
from land. This showed plainly that they
were guided by the shore line.
| A few incidents were observed that
the columns were in charge of a leader
that directed their movements. One morn
ing a petrel was shot near the head of a
column of several thousand. A very old
bird at once flew back and turned the
whole column so that it would not pass
near the naturalist's boat.
The physical causes for migration are
pretty well understood, although they
vary so with each breed that no rule can
be found to apply to all. The rookeries of
the far north afford secure nesting
places that cannot be found In the more
temperate regions, even though they are
available for a very short time. The sub
stance of tiiis is that "all birJs return to
the. region of their birth, there being no
room for them to nest anywhere else."
An Immense I lock of Petrels Executing a Flank Movement to Avoid the Rifle of Professor Loomis,
Which Had Just Winged Their Leader. Immediately Another Bird Flew Ahead From tha
Rear and Quickly Swerved the Entire Flock Seaward. The Birds Did Not Pursue Their
Migratory Course Southward Again Until Some Miles Distant From the Monterey Shore Line.
The principal thing to discover now is
I how the migrating bird? find their way
| and to what extent toe young birds are
guided by the old ones. This is a most
difficult matter and can on!v be settled by
long observation during tha whole mi
grating season from June to December.
"What I want to do," said Mr. Loomia,
| when speaking of the matter, "is to first
j go out to the Farailones and watch the
young birds that have just been hatched
there. I want to see how much the old
i birds teach them and whether the young
birds start south by themselves or in com
pany with the old ones; or, if they sin: ply
wait untii the migrating column from the
north comes along and then join the
thronsr.
"By. netting to Monterey before the end
of June and staying until tbe end of July,
I will be able to observe the beginning of
the movement. During September and
October the height of the movement can
be seen and I may then determine whether
the old birds or younc birds aro most
numerous and whether the young ever
travel in companies without an old bird to
guide them.
"If I could see several flocks of young
birds flying along by themselves a couple
of hours after any old birds had passed it
would be pretty conclusive evidence that
they were guitied by some sort of instinct.
Of course 1 may not get such an oppor
tunity, and on the other hand I may find
conclusive evidence that the oid birds a«;t
. jJes, and thus set at rest many con
flicting theories.
"There is only one way to do the work,
aim that is to get as near the track of tbe
birds as possible in a small boat ami wait
and watch. A large sailboat or vapor
luunch would serve to scare the birds. I
take only ono man with me to row and
keep the boat in position.
"Sometimes I use a marine glass to look
at distant flocks, but generally the birds
go past so quickly it is of little use. In
September and October the equinoctial
gales blow ami the Water gets very rougli,
but at such time the birds show little fear,
and the chances for observation are most
favorable. The birds also lly very close to
the water, not more than ten feet above it
at the highest.
"I also intend to go several miles to sea
• luring the height of the movement to see
if any birds ure going south there, and in
what proportion they are to those nearer
land. If the weather is fine, there will be
no difticulty^p settle beyond doubt whether
the birds are guided by the shore line or
not.
"This migratory movement," continued
Mr. Loomis, "is to me like a pendulum
swinging between the northern and the
southern hemisphere. One movement lias
hardly stopped before another begins in
t>>e other direction. And so it goes on
year after year and cer.tury after century.
The rocky islets of the north are depopu
lated of countless millions of birds and
some place in the southern hemisphere
must be tilled tip with them.
'If something definite and positive
could be ascertained about migrating sea
birdß it would settle many vexed ques
tion about land birds a a well. Heredity
has of course a great deal to do with the
desire to migrate, but does it always con
vey the knowledge of the proper route to
a safe and congenial nesting place?
"If, as some say. heredity is everything
and these young birds are "guided by in
stinct to the nests of their ancestors of
thousands of years ago, then surely it is a
matter that 'passeth all understanding.' "
OUR POSTAGE-STAMPS.
Some varieties the General Public;
Never See.
The Government now makes about four
teen denominations of postage-stamps;
they are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. 10, 15 and 50
cent stamps-anri the £1, $2 and $5 denom
inations. Very few people in the postal
service even can tell you the use of the $2
or $3 varieties, however, for really they
rarely have any other use than the gratifi
cation of the whimsical tastes of stanip-
'■-' — _—! ! __
collectors, besides the postage-stamps
there are male what are known as the j
"periodical stamps." that is. stamps with ;
which newspaper publishers prepay the
poslaee on their editions at pound rates.
These are never sold, but are attached to
the stubs of the receipts which are given
the stubs of the receipts which are given
to the publishers for the money paid for
postage on the publications. "
Not even a publisher can buy them, nda
they never pass into the possession of the
unofficial public. They are made in de-
nominations which range all the •vay^rom
1 cent to $100. Besides these are made the |
"postage due' and special delivery stamps, !
stamps equal to almost any emergency. !
The bureau' keeps on hand a store of :
stamps equal to almost any emergency,
There are now in its vaults more than
o?iffl^r llitß^^2lser np
duced nearly two and a half billions; yet
with the constantly increasing demand no I
cessation in the creation of supply is pos- j
sible.. It is estimated that stamps' cost the
Government something likes cents a thou-
sand. Receipt* for the sale of them last i
year were on an average more than a mil- j
lion dollars a month. I More than 90 per '
cent of . all those sold were of the 2-cent j
denomination. , v-\ : j
PROFTSSOR LEVERETT BE. LOOMIS, Who Has Gathered Mnch Interesting and
Valuable Data by Ills Scientific Study of the .Migration of Marine Birds
Along the Pacific Coast. He Is Now Preparing for Another Expedition.
SHE WILL NOT TALK,
Remarkable Portuguese Woman
Who Leads a. Hermit's
Life.
Hermit? are plentiful enough in all parts
of California, but nearly all of them are
men. For some reason the gentle sex sel
dom shows a desire to forsake the world
and live in a leaky cabin on a desolate spot
of the earth's surface with nothing but
wild beasts for companions and a scant
bill of fare. But there is one woman at
least who prefers such a life. She is a
Portuguese, and her name is Mme. Mu
nier. Her home is in the sand hills on the
Pacific Coast, about fifteen miles beiow
| Pescadero.
Mme. Munier, in a way, leads a perfect
' hermit's life. More so than a great many
of the masculine hermits at present camp
ing out in different parts of the State.
I Her home is far off the road and close to
the waters of the Pacific. It is only a box
lik« shanty. built under the side of a sand
"as to be protected from the eyer-blow
in &wind- The surroundings are wild in the
"2™ V* shows herself in her
m °st uncon^mal mood The house has
T\ °ne room, m which t&e °man eats,
drinks and sleeps,
T .
Xt 's over twenty years since Mme. Mu
mer cam. to live la the vicinity of her pres
ent home- Her husband, a Frenchman,
was Wltu her then, and they ocoupied a
comfortable house with a smail piece of
land around it. After about three years
Monsieur Munier disappeared. He went
„„.„,. r ■ " ' v c l
a '. ay one morning, saying that he was
6oin §- to San Francisco, and has never
comeback. At least it is not known to the
neighbors that he has.
%L^ a *7 months of solitude in the
, house Mmc- Mumer went out to the
sand hills and built herself the shanty
that she still occupies. "V'
The only people that - she has spoken to
in nji ♦»,«,.- . • , i« ... ■,
" a/l the yea« Since her husband's de-
Pa«ure.are the storekeepers at different
points along the road, and she simply tells
them what she wants and refuses to en
age in conversation. For weeks she will i
John." They got the flesh-bnildinar ma
terial at reduced rates and a concert in the
bargain.
But the Baden butchers didn't enjoy a
monopoly of this thing very long. As
soon as the brass horns were heard split
tint: the atmosphere about the Baden mar
ket messages were dispatched in haste by
Stone and Brady in quest of the best
bands that could be had on the moment,
and in a surprisingly short time the
crowds on Sixth street were audience to a
pandemonium of sound.
"Mary's Little Lamb' got mixed up in
•••The Song of tbe Golden Calf," and when
"The Cow That Burned Chicago" threw
its strong-winded music into the choruses
the respective airs could no more be dis
tinguished than the pedigree of the beef
in a hamburger steak or the identity of
the parts of a particular hoe in a bologna
sausage. There was a pandemonium of
sound, and each band seemed bent on,
blowing louder blasts and beating its
drums more Barbarously than its rivals.
And it is ratber odd to relate that all threo
shops have been having more business to
attend to on Saturday nights, when tha
bands play, than they could handle witbj
ease.
Each shop has a small army of workers,
and cashboys and errand-boys run about
as they do in the downtown general' mer
chandise and ciothing stores. As might
be supposed, the three shops are rich.
in signs. At the Baden market you
will note such poetic legends as
"Our Meats Will Melt in Your
Mouth." The Baden people keep re
frigerated meats, however, and at
Stone's establishment yon will obseTVo
the suggestive sign, "No Embalmed Meats
Here," while at Brady's the motto is
I flaunted, "Down "With Monopoly." And
: there are additional notices about "Steaks
: Fit for the Gods," and the assurance, "No
i Baden Hams Sold Here." The battle of
| the butchers has excited such interest that
people^go over to Sixth street from distant
parts of the City to buy their meats. When
one firm makes a cut in prices the others
follow suitor go the figure a notch lower;
i and this competition continues to make
trade boom.
Sixth street does a "land-office business"
!on Saturday night. When the butcher
: shop bands are not hurling out volumes of
Bound you may hear the waltz or polka
music from the dancing parlors, were the
shopgirls and the counter-jumpers are
finishing up the week in mirth and revelry.
jlt is long after midnight that the
street begins to show a restful ap
pearance. And even then when the
hours are teliing of the Sabbath day
tbe quiet is frequently broken by a cry
that was lost in the evening by reason ot>
tbe tumult of horns and drums — a cry
that almost affrights you as it strikes you
from behiiKl a dark corner unexpectedly —
a cry that makes you wish that seagulls*
never perished — "Tama les!"
King David's Bedstead.
A friend of the writer's was reading,
prayers one morning, when he came to
the following verse:
"And David slept with his fathers, and
was buried in the city of David. "
"Papa,' 1 said one of the children, a boy
of seven, "I thought David was a king."
"Well, so he was," said his father.
"And wasn't he a rich man?"
"I suppose so."
"Then what did he want to sleep with.
his fathers for? Couldn't he afford to buy
a bedstead for himself?" — Spare Mo
ments.
Keep inside her cabin. Her sole occu
pation is knitting. If anybody calls on
her she never stops. To ask her a ques
tion is like talking to a deaf person, aa she
never seems to hear.
Mme. Munier is strong and healthy, ana
in good weather walks all the way to Santa
Cruz for her provisions. She carries a large
basket on her back, and when filled it will
contain enough to last her for months. All
the water she uses has to be carried a long
distance, but she always takes it in large
quantities and don't make many trips for
the purpose.
People who know Mme. Munier look
upon her as a mystery. Most of them in
cline to the belief that her husband has
some reason for keeping out of sight, but
visits her occasionally and brings her
money. But none of "them take enough
interest to investigate, and are content to
let her live as she pleases in Her little
shanty in the sand hills.
1920
SOCIETY IS OFF
TO PASTURES NEW,
Paris Claims a Large
Share of Pleasure
Seekers.
A Large Number of Wanderers
Re turn for a Summer at
Home.
All the Summer Resorts, North and
South, Equally in Favor This
Season.
The note of departure has been Bounded.
That tantalizing question, "Where shall
we go for the summer?" has been satis
factorily decided and all the annoying
preliminaries successfully overcome.
Even that all-absorbing topic, the sum
mer wardrobe, has been happily disposed
of, and the only possible thing left thst
may fora moment cloud the serene social
brow is the problem of packing.
But the women of to-day have reduced
that vexing question, how to get two large
trunkfuls into one medium-sized trunk, to
a science almost, so that there is really
nothing left to worry those bent upon
departure.
At all the fashionable resorts at the sea
side, and even the ranch and farm where
the summer boarder is at ouce a wonder
and delight, everything is being put in
readiness for the reception of the guests.
Dances, hops and picnics are already
arranged for. The tennis courts are in
readiness, and from every tree that can
safely bear the weight hangs a pretty in
viting "comfy'Mooking hammock.
To the credit of the various suburban
hotels be it said that the grown up ele
ment is not alone looked alter. The
vast importance of the comfort and enjoy
ment of the coming generation is realized,
aad the season holds many surprises for
the belles and beaux of the future.
While it cannot be said that the sum
mer exodus has in reality begun, enough
of the best people have already left town
to make their absence felt.
The departures for Europe are unusually
numerous, and it would seem as though
everybody was sure to meet this summer
on the Continent.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope and Miss
Carrie Taylor have already arrived in
Paris.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward J. McCutcheon
are preparing to leave next month, ex
pecting to join Mr. and Mrs. Schmiedell
(nee McCutcheon) in Paris. The Schmie
dells have had a delightful trip, and on
their return, some time late in the fall,
they will have circled the globe.
Mrs. Green, accompanied by her sister,
Mis 3 Julia Crocker, has arrived in New
York on her way to Europe. They ex
pect to be absent about six months, and
will spend much of their time in Paris and
London.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot are in the
gay French capital and enjoying every
moment of their stay.
Charles Feltou has met Mrs. George
Loomis, Mrs. William Kohl and Miss
Mamie Kohl in New York, en route for a
summer tour through Europe.
At last accounts Mr. and Mrs. George E.
Raum were in Spain, and Mrs. Wihhire
in Paris.
Joseph D. Grant is in London, and has
been the guest of honor at several swell
functions.
Mrs. W. P. Fuller has arranged to spend
the summer abroad, and has arrived in
New York en route.
Mrs. Henry McLean Martin leaves early
in June for a summer's stay iv Paris,
where Mr. and Mrs. W. Loaiza are already
enjoying the many delights the city
affords.
Mr. and Mr?. S. Hart left early in
April for a visit to the French capital,
where they will be the guests of their
daughter, Mrs. Hyraan.
Mr 6. Meyer and Miss Henrietta Meyer
Mr. and Mrs. William Haas, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Stern, Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Hellman, Mr.
and Mrs. Schwabacher, Mrs. Sachs and
the Misses Sachs all sailed on the 23d of
April for a summer abroad.
Miss Alice Coleman, chaperoned by her
aunt, Miss Rose Cohen, leaves in July for
Paris, where she will devote her time to
the study of vocal music.
Jrr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard have gone
to Europe, and will visit the various Ger
man watering-places during the summer
months, with the hope of benefiting Mr.
Omard's health.
Mrs. P. N. Lilienthal, accompanied by
her family, will spend the summer in New
York, the guest of her mother, Mrs. Selig
man. Dr. and Mrs. Frank Fither also go
to New York for the summer, but it is not
to be all play with them. Mrs. Fisher is
to devote herself to vocal culture and
Dr. Fisher will give much of his time to
perfecting himself in instrumental music.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Cunningham have
gone to New YorK. where they expect to
reside permanently. Mr. and Mrs. Wbittell
accompanied them for the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dodge expected
to leave last week, but Mr. Dodge had an
attack of his old enemy, the gout, and
their trip has been postponed until Mr.
Dodge has entirely recovered.
Miss Minnie Houehton has also decided
to go East for the summer, and will spend
the season with her sister. Mrs. Bulkeley
of Hartford.
Mrs. Roth and the Misses Roth, A.
Simon and Mi?s Anna Simon, Mre. James
Dunn and the Misses Dunn and Mrs. Julia
Hyman are among the many who have
already reached the summering grounds —
Paris.
With so many leaving the State, it is
encouraging to note the return of several
wanderers.
Mrs. S. G. Murphy and Miss Ethel
Murphy, who have been spending the past
two years abroad, are expected home
shortly. The ladies have been domiciled
in Paris during their entire stay and have
been devoting themselves to the study of
literature, art and languages. They have
arrived in New York and Mr. Murphy has
gone East to accompany them home.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker are ex
pected shortly from New York and will
pass the summer at the Crocker home on
California street.
D. O Mills has been at his Millbrae place
for the past few weeks and Mrs. Lowe and
Miss Flora Lowe are expected to return
some time in July.
Following the English custom, country
house paries are to be much in vogue this
season. Mrs. Will Tevis will entertain
during the entire summer at her lovely
home at Baker-field. The place has just
been rebuilt and refurnished in toe most
approved and latest fashion.
Mrs. Tevis has already had as her guests
SOCIETY IS OFF TO THE WATER AND THE MOUNTAINS.
Mrs. Hager, Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Tevis
and Miss Breckinridge.
Mrs. Joseph Tobin at Burlingame, Mrs.
C. A. Spreckels at San Mateo and Miss
Clark at San Jose are to have larpe house
parties dur ing the summer. Miss Clark
had a large party during the recent fiesta
that was a most charmin • affair.
Down at Menlo tne llathbones and the
Pinckards are sure to entertain, as will
also the Phelans and Sullivana at Phelan
Park, Santa Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Carolan have de
cided upon Burlingame for the summer
season and Mr. and Mrs. Kruttschnitt and
family will spend their first summer in
California at Clear Lake.
Mrs. Laurence Pool has decided to go to
Castle Crags for the summer and will also
probably spend some time with her sister,
Mrs. Babcock at San Mateo.
Mrs. Darling will divide her time be
tween her charming little homo at the
Presidio and her ranch in Xapa County.
Mrs. A. Page Brown has taken a cottage
at Santa Cruz for the summer and Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. Crooks as usual will be at San
Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Booker's cottage
at Sausalito is sure to be filled with de
lightful visitors during the summer
months, prominent among whom will be
the charming hostess' sisters, the Misses
Goad.
Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Jennings were among
the firat arrivals at Sausalitoand have been
pretty equally dividing their time the past
two months between this City and the
pretty suburb.
Mrs. Edward Stanley and Miss Garter
have gone to Napa Soda Springs, where
they will remain the entire season.
Mrs. Hooper and Miss Rose Hooper are
already occupying their cottage at San
Mateo.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Hecht and family
will again occupy the De Young place at
San Rafael.
Dr. Newman has also decided on San
Rafael for the season, and the Slosses and
Gerstles are preparing to take possession
of their houses over there.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Jerome ana Miss
Marie Zane are down at Coronado.
Mrs. Hurling and Miss Mamie Burling
will spend the summer there.
Mr. and Mrs. Lester (nee Hobart)will go
to their place at Santa Monica, as will also
Mr?. Biakeman, Miss Leontine Blakeman,
Mrs. KKeener3 r and Miss Ethel Keeney.
As usual the Bruguieresgo to Del Monte,
as will also Mrs. Hager, the Misses Hager
and Miss Lucas. During the shoot, of
course, every one will De there, and prom
inent among the many will surely be Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Hobart.
Mrs. A. B. Butler has gone over to
Berkeley for the season.
Mrs. Fry is at her place in Napa County,
and the Henry Crockers are at their Clover
dale ranch.
AT THE RESORTS,
Guests Are Flocking to Fa
vored Interior Points.
The following guests are visiting Cazadero:
Charles Schroth and wife, San Francisco; H.
H. Young and wife, ban Francisco; Judge J. C.
B. Hebbard and wife. San Francisco; C. P.
Rustell and wife, San Francisco; W. c. Mac
pherson, t^an Rafael; Mrs. Kane, Ban Rafael;
Mr. and Mrs. O. G. Rase, Ban Francisco; Wilt,
lam S. Taylor, San Francisco; A. B. Rawkv
San Francisc-j; N". Beyar, San Francisco; G
Crawford, San Francisco.
Those registered at Duncan Springs, Mendo
cino County, are: Mr. and Mrs. j. H. Kruse
and family, E. L. Brookes, M. Redmond, George
W. Yost, Miss D. Dumbrill, Mr. and Mrs. e.fl
Hayinan, Mrs. S. T. Browne and daughter, Mr"
and Mrs. B. Kennedy, Miss Helen W. Kennedy
Mr. and Mrs. William Rieger, G. B. Dillon c'
H. Weed, San Franci9co; Edward R. Driver
William L. Loose. Chicago, ill.
Among the late arrivals at Klamnth Hot
Springs who are enj >ylng the tine trout-fishing
in the Klamath River and Shovel Creek are-
Charles F. PiUlhnmons, F. W. Fuller aiid
family, C. L. Clark, San Francisco; Joseph
Eddy, Chico; W. I. Doweli, Grants Pass Or •
T. J. Coffman, Portland; Mrs. Jillson, Henlc'
j Cal. ' '
Among those who have arranged to pass the
I season at San Mateo are H. A. Williams and
family, D. Drysdale and famiiy. J. K. Freeman
and family, J. K. Cosgrave nml family F H
j Morrell and family, Miss May Phelan aiid maid
Miss Small, F. D. Bates a"nd family W h'
[ Mills, Mrs. Mills and Miss Mills, Mr. Hooker
and family, A. S. Baldwin and family, Walter
Wylie.
The Encinal Yacht Club had their first an
nual cruise to San Mateo on Saturday last and
i stopped a t the Hotel Mateo, where there -.vat; a
dance given in the evening. The yachts re-
I turned to Aiameda on Sunday afternoon. The
: Saturday evening's dance and musical is to be
a feature at the hotel from now on.
The season at Del Monte is never ended and
never liegins. Nevertheless the season has
divisions and among those who have already
engaged rooms at the Del Monte Hotel for the
summer part of the season are the following-
Mr, and Mrs. H. A. Jerome, Mr. and Mrs. A. W
Scholl and family, Mr. and Mrs. Claude Kil-
I Patrick, and family, Mr. and Mrs. John Liggeti,
I Mr.s. E. Caaserly, Miss Cuserly, J. B. Casserly
Mr. and Mrs. Horace C. Hill "and lamilv Mr
and Mrs. Adam Grant aud family. Mrs. X R
Simpkina, Mrs. F. F. Lord, Miss Lord, Mrs. A
J. Pope, Mr. and Mrs. I), r. Murphy, Mr. and
Mr-. C. B.Alexander and family, Mrs. F. A
I- rank, Mrs. E. L. Hager and family, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles A. Laton, Mr. and Mrs. A. C.
Tubbs and family, Mrs. E. J. de Santa Marina,
Mr, and Mrs. T. P. Perkins. Mr. and Mrs. E M.
Hailer, Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Jlarvey and
family, Captain and Mr-. A. H. Payson and
family, Mrs. A. A. Taft, Mr. and Mrs. John W
towk-r, Mrs. James Green. Miss Mabel Green.
Mr. and Mr*. George Howard and famih Mr-
H. Schmiedell, Mr. and Mrs. Waketield 'iV.k.-r
and family, Mr. and Mrs. J. c. Lineman, Mr.
and Mrs. D. Neustadter and family.
The recent arrivals at Congress Springs
Hotel, Saratoga, are as follows: M. E. O'Con
nor, J. J. O'Connor. R. C. O'Connor. Sun Fran
elsco; J. Heincberg, Mr. ana Mr». David Kno
bel, San Jose; Mrs,, reter White, Alameda- Mr
and Mrs. M. Huffmanu, Qumcy, 111.; Mr and'
Mrs. G. B. McDougal, Bakerstield; Mrs. C T
Huntiugton, Chicago, 111.; Mr. and Mrs. Geonte
Bratton, Alameda; T. C. Keegling, Willows'
Dr. J. H. Stattard, Menlo Park; Mr. and Mr«
A. 8. Woolberg, child and maid, Mr. and Mrs"
Robert Muir, Mr. and Mrs. A. Montgomery'
Master R. Muir, Ban Francisco; Miss Lenora
Mitchell, Oh jc land.
Avalo.n, Catalina Island, May 18.— Recent
arrivals at Catalina Island from San Francisco
and the north include Charles Fair and Mrs
Fair, accompanied by Mrs. Harvey, who came
down in their private yacht, the Lucero and
cast anchor in Avalon Bay for several days
aiterard ■••Ullug north to Santa Barbara to
witness the trial triD of the Oregon. The Lu
cero will return to Catalina later in the season
Three bridal couples from San Francisco have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
been spending their honeymoon at Catalina
'■«■ t.-un K. C. (icnereaux, who command? the
schooner Marian, Douglos B. Crane of the Occi
dental and Oriental Steamship Company and
A. L. Brown, with iheir Charming brides have
each in turn occupied the bridal apartments
at the Metropole. General J»\mea W. Forsyth,
Major A. K. Hates, Lieutenant aud Mrs. J.
Franklin Bell, Lieutenant J. F. Reynolds
Landia of the Presidio. Mrs. C. C. Treat
ol Alcatras Island, all paid a visit t<> the
island during their recent trip south. Other
San Franciscans who have registered! at the
Metropole and otber hotels on the island are
Miss Clunenj., Mr. and Mrs. William B. Fisher,
Mr. and Mrs. J. J.Uroom, K. c;. Deniston, J. Bny
der, Mr. and Mr-. J. A. Her. Mr. and Mr-. 11.
Kullmnn, Mrs. A. J. Abrams.Mr. anil Mrs. J. C.
Campbell, G. F. Gray and family, Thomas M.
clutt and family, Krnesi Head, Mrs. Grotefend,
Mr. and Mr». John T. Wright. G. W. Burnett,
John <}. Hooker, W. W. Jones. Mrs. David Han
lon, Miss Hanlon, Robert H. P. Pakenham;
from Sacramento, Mrs. K. c. Dene!. K. W. Ad
cock, W. M. Hunt; from Oakland, Mr. and Mrs.
E. J. Boyes, Miss Edna Bcott, Mrs. .1. It, Davis,
Mr. aud Mrs. I.Hyde, the Misses Hyde, Phillips
Carlton, Fred Allardt, Reginald ana EL B.
Allen; from San Jose, Mr. and Mrs. W. Jones,
L. Henry, Mrs. Hille; from Stockton, James. J
Fully.
Among those registered at Paso Robles arc:
Mrs. J. A. Folger, Mrs. George A. Cook,
Webster Jones, Mrs. George D. Hyde, Mrs. G.
V. Hawkins, Mrs. Camilo Martin, Mrs. D. Hunt,
Mrs. M. M. MeLaughlin, G. B. Fuller and wii.-,
A. Lean and wife, R. M. McMurray and niece, J. I
P. Nolan.
The "El Monte" Hotel arrivals include: W. i
L. Barnett, Captain William Jones, Captain
Robert Williams, Philip Godiey, James Ma.-on
and family, Mrs. J. N. La Roche, Mrs. F. Wil
liam Heade and sons. J. W. Bassford, C. M. Jen
nings and wife, I>. W. Oldharu, Marston Camp
bell. N. W. Spaulding Jr., Guy H. Cluck, B. J.
Killalea, V. 1). Phatiuck and wiie, Mrs. L. G.
Milton, G. K. titarr, 8. B. Carloton and wife, Sid
ney Robertson, F. J. Dynau, W. V. Plise. John
Pern, J. Gentryiin and fainilv, .Saa Francisco;
Mr«. Brand, Oakland; Mrs." Chandler, Oak-'
land; J. \\ . Howson, Berkeley.
Means. William Edmonds, W. B. Collier, C. !
BeniO and 11. V. Keeling of Lakeport have ,
Ueen spending a few days fishing at A. B. Mo-
Math's resort, with fair success, the whole i
catch amounting to 150 trout of the average i
size of eight inches.
Mr. Van Buren Knott of Sioux City, lowa, is ;
at A. B. McMath's resort for a tew w> eks.
Recent arrivals at Highland Springs- are as
follows: C. J. Jones, San Francisco; George A. I
Kaiikm and wife, San Francisco; James Pen
nycook, Vallejo; W. L. Ely, IS^parto; J. S. Ste
vins, »parto; W. T. Welcker, Berkeley; M. T.
Hok-omb, Oakland; Mrs. Frankie White, San i
Francisco; Mrs. M. Ri< kard. San Francisco;
M a 1., k.ekard, >un Francisco; G. B. Water- !
man, San Fraucisco; P. E. Jxjufestey, San Fran- i
cisco; J. J. McCarty, ssn Prancisoo; c. H. I
Twombley, Oakland; C. S. Ricks. Kureka: Mrs.
A. F. Ricks, Eureka; Mrs. dendenin, Kureka; j
James Cook and wife. Kureku; W. F. Hobson,
Eureka; J. Harris. Kureka; Robert Cnpell and :
wife, Kureka: Mrs. W. H. <_ rune, Eureka; Mrs.
J. iiauchourd, san Francisco; G, W. WesWate,
San Francisco; James Kelson, Snn Francisco:
James Donahue. San PtmnciscO; L. lieis- and
trife, San Francisco; J. Reims and famiy, Bui
Francisco; Sam B. Green, Ban Francisco; L.J.
Simpson, Ban Francisco: Mist Ellen Fram.San
Rafael; G. W. Brown, San Francisco; G. H.
Uinbiien. San Francisco.
At San Jose the Vendome Hotel is well
crowded, and many applications for the ram
mer are received daily. The orchestra has ar
rived for the summer months, and is proving
wry popular, as evinced by the nightly gath- j
erings. The grounds look lovely. Danccswill I
be frequent the coming sunin/i-r. There an
many turnouts for so early in the season.
Among the most prominent i>. that <<i Mrs. Ed
Ackerman of San Francisco, whose hand- |
some bays and beautiful victoria, with heavy, i
silver-mounted harness nr.d coachman i"n i
light-colored livery attract a great deal of at- i
tention; also the L. Argoeilo'i two handsome
grays and basket phaeton, and Mm. U. Suit- !
zer's beautiful brown and cart.
R. T. Pierce and family have taken apart
ments for the eiitire summer.
L. L. Areuello and* wife of Monterey are j
pleasantly domiciled at the Vendome,
Mrs. E. c. Wooley has returned to the Ven
dome after an extended visit In Southern Cali
fornia
Major 11. S. Pickands and wife of Chicago are
sti.l domiciled at the Vendome.
L. Rosenshlne and wife of tan Francisco, are
pleasant y 4,\iartered at this popular hostelry.
Dr. F. B. Eaton and lamily of Portland, or.,
are among the many who' contemplate spend
ing the entire summer at the Vendome.
Mrs. Veteri and child of San Francisco, ac
companied by Miss M. K. Dean, are registered
at the Veadome for an indefinite period.
H. Tuttle and wife of our City are among
the many who arc enjoying the hospitalities of
this caravansary.
Mrs. George T. Folsom of San Francisco is
located at the Vciidome for the summer.
B. H. Madison, Mrs. Mridison and Mi^s Madi
son are among the latest arrivals from San i
Francisco.
L. R. Ellen and wife of San Francisco spent '
a portion of the past week m the Vendome.
Professor Holden of Mount Hamilton paid ■
the Vendome a flying visit the early part of
the week.
Ira M. Condit and wife of Oakland returned
home after a week's visit at the Vendome.
EL Huddleton and wife of San Francisco are ''■
quietly enjoying the Vendome hospitality.
I he- following is a partial list argues U fur
the summer up toaate: Dr. R. H. Burke, Henry
Balvard, Colonel A. K. Whit en, l»r. \ Mc-
Mahon, Dr. J. KcManon, T. McTlernan, Mr- i>
Snitz-r, Mrs. K. Eld red, R. 11. Plant, Professor'
C. T. Ormy, E. O. Neeiy, U. Tattle and wife, Ur j
R. L. Ken c and win, Rev. a. Stevens and
wife, Mrs. M. Brantly, H. Brantly, Mrs. 1 B
Purdy, w. Jo c s and v Ife, li. A. Pii kniiils and
Wife, G. T. FulKom and wife, Mrs. Smrv, Mrs B
Han-T. Fitv K. Barper, Mrs. a. Nealoii, Dr"
Wayiiunl and wife, K. T. Pierce and family.
A. B. Kimball of the U.S. A., accompanied
- Wife, is autographc-d at the Vendome.
for an indetiuite period.
Professor J. M. Sctmeberle of the Lick Ob
■ervatory paid the Vendome a flying visit en
route to dan Francisco.
The following is a list ot zuests who have
etißTieed rooms at the Hotel liafnel f.>r the sea
son >inU who are expect. I there: Mr. mid Mrs
sman and family, now here: UoydTevia
and family, Mrs. Swancy and family from Hon
olulu, now here; V. Artslmorltch, Russian
Consul, jiow here; Judge Ward McAllister,
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks, now here; Mr. and
Mrs. D. B. Davidson, now here; Mr. mid Mrs '
W. B. Wood, now here; Mrs. n ort ftll ,i Iliaia
now here; T. T. Williams and famllv, Mr. and
ana Mrs. 8. B. Schlo'ss, now her-; Mr- .1 \
1-olger and family, Mr. and Mrs. L. P. WieTand
famiiy. Mrs. Rosenstock, Mrs. S. M.Kosenbaum
and lamiiy, Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Boardman and
family. Mrs. J. R. Nuttall and family, Mrs.
Schniiedell and maid, Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey !
K. Winslow and family, George A. Kohn ana I
family, M. B. Grinbaum und family, Mrs. S !
bouza and family of Guatemala, now here;
\ictorde Guise and wife, Miss Julia E.Nott,
Bar on and Baroness yon Schro«der and family
X W. Taliant and family, Mr. aud Mrs. Hoyl
Mr. and Mrs. HyVeeder, Hugh Govrer. Mrs. ,
Baron and family, Joseph Le Raas and family.
IN THE FUTURE,
The pupils of Puckett's Academy will give a
moonlight lunch and cotillon party next
Wednesday evening, May 27. at Mission Opera
Hall, for which great preparations are being
made. It will be strictly an invitation and
evening dres* affair.
The opening ball af Laurel Glen farm, Xapa
will be held on Friday evening. May 29.
A iancy dress and dornlno party will be
given at California Hall. 620 Bush street, on
Monday evening. May 25, under the auspices
of the California Cotillon Club.
Mr. and Mrs. James Tunstead of Magnolia
cottage, Ross Valley, are spending this month
at Byron Springs.
SOCIAL REVIEW
OF THE WEEK,
The Catherwood Serenade
and Tea at the
Presidio.
Several Handsome Dinners and
Luncheons of the Past
Week.
The Kitchen Garden Picnic to Angel
Island — Good Work of the
Society.
The past week has been rather slow
and quiet, but not altogether uninterest
ing. We have had a charming weddiug
and several delightful luncheons and din
ners.
Tnere was the usual weekly engage
ment—that of Walter Newhall and Mrs.
Ainsworth of Los Angeles — which proved
a very great surprise to tLe many friends
of the interested parties.
The Denicke-Leuschner wedding was a
most delightful affair and was attended by
200 invited guests.
The handsomest event of the week was
undoubtedly the Wilson luncheon for Mrs.
Whitelaw Reid.
On Thursday evening Winfield Jones
gave a charming dinner for Mr. and Mrs.
Elliott McAlli-ter, and on Tuesday after
noon Miss Catberwood gave a delightful
little tea at the residence of her mother,
Mrs. Darling, at the Presidio. It was an
army and navy affair and a perfect suc
cess, liKe all the entertainments at which
Miss Catherwood presides.
P'riday morning Miss Catherwood was
serenaded by the Presidio band by courtesy
of General Graham, and three of Major
Darhnc's favorite musical compositions
played as a compliment to the young lady's
host.
The wedding of Miss Jennie Cheesman
and Lieutenant Shoemaker of the navy is
announced for June 2. It is to be a very
quiet affair, none but the immediate fam
ily being present.
That was a most delightful affair, the
picnic given by the young ladies of the
"Kitchen Garden" to their charges with
whom they labor so faithfully during the
year.
The ladies have 150 little ones in their
care and they devote themselves to their
education, not forget' inp the practical
duties of life— cooking, sewing and house
keeping.
The little ones were taken aboard the
Government tug and conveyed to Anpel
Island, where they enjoyed a perfect day's
outinc.
The lunch was a delicious and elabo
rate one prepared by the young ladies in
charge, Miss Betty Ash, Mi^s Griffith,
Miss Spracue, Miss May Hoffman, Mi-.-,
Alice Hoffman and the Misses Maynard.
The vocal recital given by the pupils of
Mine. Rosewald on Saturday afternoon
last was an artistic as well as a social suc
cess. The feature of the programme was
the singing by Miss Simpson of the Chopin
impromptu alluded to in "Trilby" and
which since the publication of the novel
has had verses written to suit the music.
The programme of the afternoon was as
follows :
Duet, "Crown Diamonds" Auber
MM Id.i Wiltiflm and Maud Frame.
"Atol" Lebrun
Miss Maud Finnlgan.
(a> "Romania' Franz
(8) "Fainka's Song" Yon »iutznian
Mrs Thomas Cheesi'man.
(a) "The Swan" Grlejt
(6) "Waldiraut" Heinisch
Mi<s Sarah Bienfeld.
"Caro Nome"—" KUolet to" Verdi
Miss (irace Conroy.
"Sabbath Rest" Humperdinc.<
Miss Maude Frank: accompanist, Mtss A. K.
W. .1.
DuPt, "Sweetly S-ani; the Bird" Rubinstein
Misses l>reyfus and Dpnlcke.
"Maa Scene"— -Hamlet" Ambroise Thomas
Miss Nelye Oius'.i.
(a) "DPHPrted" MacDowell
\>>) •■<iood Morning" Urieg
Mii< Lillian Moroy.
(n) "MnriohPn mil den rotb''ii Mundehen"... Franz
(ftj "spntiK song" Lassen
Miss Dreyfus.
"Aspiration" (Impromptu) Cl o: in
Miss AgsiM Simpson.
Duet, " A ida" Verdi
Misses OlßsO and Morey.
Mrae, B. Ziska has sent out cards for
Friday evening, M*y '£>, ai Ziska Acad
emy, 100»; Van Ness "avenue, to meet the
class of Wi.
HOME GATHERINGS,
A JNUMBER OF DELIGHTFUL RECEP
TIONS of the Past Week.
Mist Marian Holden, this year"s medalist of
the Hopkins Institute of Art, entertained a
large number of her fellow -students and
friends at her home, 2133 Vallejo street, last
night. The evening was spent iv that pleas
urable Informal way so dear to the heart of the
artist who cherishes bohemianisui as the ideal
existence.
A very enjoyable party was giv«n by Miss
Minnie EtaunusMD at her residence, 1839
Uhodc Island street, Saturday evening, the
lUtn inst. Music, dancing mid games were
Indulged in and kept up till a late hour.
Among those present were: Miss Lizzie Wil
liams Miss Eva Lynn, tin? Misses Louisa Rnd
Nellie Biegle, the Misses Ida and Lily BrockoAV
sky, the Misses Bella, Mary and Annie Stan
ward, Miss Lily Daniels, Miss Minnie Carlson,
tlln Minnie Johnson, MM J. Werklnnd,
Mr Kerr, Fred Paxfetto, Louis Btrakev, Peter
HergDtt, Charlea Johnston, Fred Jonnston,
Henry Cruit:. William McGraft, Ed Duff, Ed
Connors, Prank Btanward, William Galvin,
Max GogelL Herman Brockowsky, Joo
Itreithaup'., Charles Jerson, Victor Henderson,
Mr. Werkland, Charles ßosenblad, Charles Bas
i, Hear; Kasmnam, Kred Kasmussen,
(■uMra Rs>smi]
A very pleasant birthday party was tendered
Henry Cosbie ;it M> mother's residence, 31
Kau.scli street, Saturday evening. Dancing and
games were Indulged in until a late hour, and
a very nine anpp«r partaken of. Those present
were Mis-, s Lenore Hurley, Mamie Hurley,
Maggie Hurley, Mamie Sullivan, Kliza Holmes,
Nellie ttrtnlfonl, Annie Walters, May Wneelan,
Abbiu Wheelan, Annie Bkallejr, Sarah Sul
ln.iii, Kutie Tvndell. Mamie McCuire,
Gertie Harvey, Kitty Burn*, Mamie Bar
rett, Lallte Green, Mr. and Mrs. de Lr
Cruz, Mr. and Mrs. Hannen, Mrs. O'Brien,
Henry Cosbie, Charles Matthews, John Johns,
Joe Beckler, K. Denean, Dick Richards, Mich
ael Wlielan. James McNamara, George Tribue,
William Besby, Hairy Palmer, James Bell,
Walter Kemp.J. McL.iughlin, Mr. OHara, Mr.
Parker, Mr. Otto. Mr. Richards, Hugh Cosbie,
William Woodhams, Mr. and Mrs. Potter,
Charlie Potter, Mi.ss Annie O'Brien, Henry de
La Cruz, MissTs-ie < iaftVrty. \killie O'Brien,
Miss HeOiuty, Mr. Uogan, MapHannou, Mr.
Murks. Mr. Foley.
On Wednesday evening at her residence, 262
Clementina street, Mrs. Kingston gave a de
lightful party in honor of the anniversary of
the birth of both her husband and daughter.
The house was prettily decorated, and a de
lightful evening wasspeni. After an elaborate
supper the guests departed at a late hour.
Miss May Kingston was the recipient of many
beautiful and costly presents.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Richard Kingston, Mr. and Mrs. Patrick Cur
ley, Mr. ana Mrs. H. FJtzpatriek, Mr. and
Mrs. Welton, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Rockawant,
Mrs. Sullivan, Mrs. Monahan, the Misses M.
Kingston, A. Kingston, N. Kingston, K. Kings
ton, M. Sullivan, F. Curley, M. Monahan and
M. Manus; Makers 0. Kingston, R. Kingston,
J. Curley, W. Monahan, M. Monahan. R. Kocka
want, J. Fitzpatrick and J. Hagerty.
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Jacobs,
1511 Post street, a pleasant coniirmation and
birthday party was given on Mondcy evening,
HER LAST DAY AT HOME IN TOWN.
May 15, In honor of their daughter Eura. The
parlors were handsomely decorated tor the
occasion. The young lady received many
valuable presents. At 11 o'clock the guests,
who numbered over 100, sat down to a re
past, after which dancing was indulged in
and kept up until a late hour.
THE OUTING EVENTS,
Marine Yacht Club Entertains
Its Friends.
Several members of the Marine Yacht Club
gave a pleasant outing to their lady friends
last Sunday. The day was nearly perfect for a
sail and an impromptu race at the start added
much to the pleasure of the trip. Some of the
members, who are musically inclined, brouftht
their instruments with them and the sweet
tones of banjo, mandolin and guitar mingling
with the sound of splashing waters t-.uduced a
very pretty effect.
Songs with a salty flavor were sung and
stories of old ocean found great favor with the
ladies, the club's stock of reminiscences be
coming exhausted long before the return for
home had commenced. An hour was pleas
antly spent at California City, where the
party landed. Here several large hampers
were produced and the cravings of the inner
man appeased with an excellent lunch. On
re-embarking a cruise about San Pablo Bay
concluded an outing that for perfect enjoy
ment will linger long in the memory of the
yachtsmen and their friends.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs. H.
C. Moyce, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Petty, Mr. and
Mrs. Brook*, Mr. and Mrs. D. D. Lowney, Miss
Willitims, Miss Elaine Williams, Miss Dolly
Harry, Miss Hcrber, Miss Emma Herbcr, Miss
H. Hiirt, Miss Tilly McCrosson, Miss tiudmun
sen. Miss Sadye Moyce, Misi Muenter; Messrs.
R. E. tfcCrosaon, Julius Seyden, George Engei,
E. P. Phillips. Harry I'lomj. L. F. Terkelson, G.
A. Koch, (.'. (i. Larson, Frank Martin, W. Ketch
;—. Arthur. Moyce, C Wanda, Richard Wil
liams, Q. Morris and Mr. McCarthy.
Mis- Isabel dallagher gave an outing to
Sehaffer's Grove in Ross Valley on Sunday.
May 17, which was attended by a number of
her friends, who passed a most delightful day.
The party crossed the bay on the 10 a. m.
boat to tfansalito and thence proceeded to
the grove. Upon arrival at the picnic grounds
Miss Gallagher guided her friends to v shady
spot, where they wire served with a sumptu
ous meal. After lunch the time was passed in
gathering ferns and flowers and in singing
and games. The following composed the party:
Mrs. M. tlnllagher, Miss Isabel Gallagher, Miss
Marie Baraty, Miss Jennie .Baraty, Miss Julia
(oti'ey. Miss A. Farrell, Miss Emily Mclrieruey,
Miss Eva Mclnerney, Miss Lizzie Hobb and
Messrs. Joseph Bash, Joseph Cragan, James
Cofley, Arthur Scannell, John A. Jackson, Wil
liam Walsh, Sam Allen and Gustave C. Galla
gher.
SURPRISE PARTIES,
Independent Rifles Surprise
Their Captain.
The many friends of Captain Louis Schnei
der of the Independent Rifles tendered him
a surprise party May 16 at his residence,
'J4IO Polk street, in honor of the tenth anni
vt-rsary of his marriage. Promptly at B o'clock
the word was given to advance upon the happy
couple. Arrivinsrat the residence the fostivi
t.es were opened by a serenade thai soon
brought the host to the door to welcome his
unexpected guests. The surprise prove! a
success in every way, and it was gratifying to
note the play of emotions that passed in rapid
succession across the countenances ot the re
cipients.
Much merriment was occasioned by a mar
riage ceremony performed by Lien tenant E. F.
Mot lining of the Independent Rifles immedi
ately followed by a grand march to the supper
t.ili'c upon which was displayed all of the del
ii-ufics of the season. Af'.er .-upper the guests
repaired to the roomy dance-hall, where they
■pent happy hours in tripping tin? light fan
tastic, a general good time, long to De re
membered, was enjoyed by all, and it was with
genuine regret the guests retired at broad
daylight. Among those present were
noted Mr. and Mis. John Clnisten
sen. Hlsa .fo*ie and JiLss Kate Chrlstenaeii,
Mr. and Mif. J. I'ipperliug, the Hlasea Carrie
and Annie Pipperllng, St-rgeant and Mrs. J. H;
Schneider of ihe Independent Rifles, Mr. ana
Mrs. J. Kiotz, Lieutenant 11. Bevtrseu of the
Independent Rifles; 11. Gaetjen, treasurer ot
the Independent Rifles: K. C. .-tciner, J. Fisher,
Mrs. W. Schraeder, Mis'- Kate Mohr, William
Braiusitedt, H. A.' Moenning. Corporal C.
Schneider of the Independent Rifles, Miss A.
Hiltze, C. Hiitze, F. Schmidt, Miss Daisy
U'atkius, C. Koeberer, Mi*s Lena Muler, 11. A.
Kortrlede, Mis^ (iretehen Jung, Lieutenant and
Mrs. K. F. Mocnuing.
>I r . anil Mis. C. M. Rousseau gave a surprise
party at their residence. '2616 Kolsoni street,
.-.lUmlay, May 10. to their daughter, BCIM
Miun.e Rousseau. After the dancing was con
cluded, an elaborate supper was served in the
banquet-hall. Thespacious dance and banquet
halla were prettily decorated with evergreens.
Bowers, ferns and Japanese lanterns. The
K.U- sti weredelightfully entertained with solos
and a number ol instrumental pieces by the
Columbian Orchestra and recitations by
Charles J. Rousseau.
Among those present were: Minnie Rous
seau, Funnio Rousseau, Annie Hopf, Konie
Maguire, Etuilie Cheffers, Mamie Maguire,
larrie Muguire, Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Rousseau,
Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Anker, Mr. and Mrs. Mann,
( barlesJ. Kousseau, K. .1. Imhaus. Alfred Im
haus, William Robertson, W. Oesterreicher,
Louis Imhaus, H. F. JSeunnber, C. I'anley. If.
Thompson, Fred Horn, Fred Bent, Walter
Fisher, Jessie t.iu.sti, Dan Wren. Mr. Rous
seau took a Hash light photograph while the
guests were in the banquet hall.
A farewell surprise party was tendered to
Mrs. A. W. McKay at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Harrigan on Folsoru street,
Monday evening last, prior to her departure
for Prescott, Ariz. The rooms were nicely
decorated, and with excellent music dancing
was greatly enjoyed. At midnight an elab
orate supper was served and the festivities were
kept up until a late hour. After many good
bys and well-wishing the guests departed.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
C. J. Harrigan, Mrs. A. N. McKay, Misses Annie
L. Mi'Namara. Minnie F. Duly, Kate R. McCon
nell of Brooklyn. N. V., Marie Daly, Frankie
Calinhan, Alice J. Daly, Lillian Oakes, Mny
r of Angel Island, Margerite I'aly,
Josephine Oakes, Gertrude Black, James C.
Symons, Harry Moore, Will L'vans, Thomas
Greenlaw, George Black, Joseph McKay, D. J.
McLoughlin, Henry Hessler of Angel Island.
Henry Evans, Will Symons, Edward Flinn and
James Heskeit.
Mrs. A. X. McKay left for Prescott on Tues
day.
On Saturday evening May 16 a pleasant sur
prise was given Miss Ada George at her resi
oenco at the southwest corner of Noe and
Henry streets. The many friends of the young
lady took possession of the house ami deco
rated the parlors with ferns and evergreens.
A delightful evening was enjoyed by all.
ENGAGEMENTS,
Mrs. C. Schilling announces the engagement
of her daughter, Minnie, to Henry H. Faulsen.
The engagement is announced of Miss Jen
nie Hyman, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. Hy
man, to Max Solomon. They will receive their
friends this Sunday, May 24, at 1228 Ellis
street, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
The engagement of Miss Edna B. Hall of
Westside aud Robert L. Auld of this City is an
nounced. The wedding will take place on
June 3 at the residence of the bride's parents,
Oak Dell, Westside, .Santa Clara County.
The engagement is announced of Miss Hattie
Neuman and Dr. R. C. Coleman. They will ro
ceivi- the first Sunday in June at 132 i Devisa
dero street from 2 to 5 p. m.
The wedding of Miss Lillie Livingstone to
Mr. Edward fc-eichel, a prominent young min
ing operator of this City, will take place next
Monday.
The engagement or Miss Lillie Levingston to
E. Sichel ha* just been made public. The mar
riage will take place on Monday next.
The engagement is announced of Mis* Anna
Miriam Caneton of Chicago to Mat hew Me-
I Dougal Pyke of Canada. The wedding will
| take place the 10th of June at Chicago. Miss
Carleton is & sister of Mrs. Chaplain Frank
i Thompson, U. S. N\, und has been spending the
: past few months with her sister in Vallejo.
The young lady has many friends, not only in
Viillejo, but at the navy-yard, to extend their
congratulations.
CLUB GATHERINGS,
Delightful Reunion Given by
California Mandolin Club.
A delightful reunion was given by the Cali
fornia Mandolin Club on Sunday evening last.
The hall was beautifully decorated with bunt
ing and flags, which, together with the hand
some dresses of the ladies, gave it a very pretty
appearance. The programme opened with an
entertainment, in which some very fine talent
participated, after which the guests repaired
to the bauquet-room, where a magnificent sup
per was served.
Supper over, the grand march was struck up
and dancing was kept up to a late hour.
Among the guests present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Raymond Vasqupz, Miss Jennie Vasquez, Miss
Kate Sullivan, Miss Damerson, Mr. and Mrs.
Mango, Miss Jenuie Davis, Miss Minnie Perry,
Miss Aggie McQuillan, Mrs. Damerson,
Mrs. Cramer, Mrs. Domingo, Mr. and Mrs.
Alexander Silvey, Miss Magsie Mango,
Miss Alice Silvey, Miss C. Casassa, Miss
A. Casassa. Mrs. Bertha Cook, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Caldron, Mrs. J. Polito, A.
Keating, M. Silva. T. Sullivan, f. Kaiser, F.
Sanguinetti, Y. Lenerdo, L. Yuhl, C. Baciga
lupi, P. Magnelll. S. Ratto, M. Roth, J. Rosner. '
M. Bery, L. Jimenez, J. Bemel, C Kuser, C.
Warneld, D. Confer, C. Warren, H. Semi, G.
Stitta and many others.
The Ca'.iforn ia Mandolin Club is composed of
forty of the most popular young men of North
Besch and is one of the best organized social
clubs in the City. They intend to give an en
tertainment of this kind during every month.
Social Council No. 46, O. C. F., held its reg
ular monthly social in Washington Hull, Red
Men's building. 320 Post street, on Thursday
evening, May 14. The following programme
w:is well received: Address, at.,.ertaining to
the obiects of the order, C. M. Arnold, past
supreme councilor; vocal solo, A. Swift, ac
companied by Miss M. B. Bwlft; comic song.
James (Hllis; vocal solo, Charles E. Goodell,
accompanied by H. I. Goodell; vocal solo, Miss
M B. Swift ; vocal solo, E. Brown, accompanied
by Miss Brown. The balance ot ihe evening
was spent in dancing. Tne committee ot ar
rangements consists of Douclas White, Frank
Übhaus. Hate Hilton, A. G. Baker, M. E. Üb
haus. K. I. Goodell, Mary McDonald.
The Western Addition Literary and Social
Club held its regular monthly entertain
ment and dunce on Wednesday evening at
Native Sons' Hall. As is usual with these very
popular entertainments the hall was filled
with a large and fashionable attendance. The
programme for the evening was as follows:
Overture (selected), orchestra; whist'.ingsolo
(selected). Miss Mary E. Gray; soprano solo,
'•Hpart, Whence Thy Joy and Sorrow," (Gutn
bert),Miss CarrieA. Bering; vocal solo (selected),
T. Eegert. "A Proposal* Inder Difficulties," a
fnrce in one act by John Kendrick Bangs;
characters— Robert Yardsley, Jack Barlow,
(suitors for the hand of Miss Andrews). Charles
W. Wilson, Arthur W. Jones; Dorothy An
drews, Miss Zillah M. Coonley: Jennie (a
housemaid), Miss Mabel HRzeltine; Hlcts (who
does not appear), by himself.
Dancing concluded the evening's entertain
ment.
NEW TO-PAT.
Better
Than
Diamonds,
II CLEAR
COMPLEXION!
And where can you get a beautiful com-
plexion quicker and easier than by going
to a scientific beauty doctor who under-
stands her business? Years of experience
and thousands of clear, smooth, velvety
complexions testify to my skill. Freckles,
tan, sallowness, wrinkles, pimples, black-
heads, blotches, coarse pores, moth
patches, discolorations, all blemishes,
yield to the almost magic effect of my more
than marvelous treatments. Here is the
chance of a lifetime.
FREE. WEEK a To ge sTreatment5 Treatment THIS
wEEK 9 a T o n 5 sTeatment - THIS .FREE.'
FREE. i^^Hls EE P Ki°t r e sGray5 Gray
tps§| . No lady in walking or
ft^'j' riding distance from San
/^ r Francisco should fail to
.jßjf Jgr come to make arrangements
TfTHijr-^l^ to obtain choice of these
sJr22^ wonderful treatments.
Ml DflV Lad ies out Hi town
L ni] A , sendin X this coupon
U UUAi wit 10c in stamps
. will receive a book
or instructions and a box of
LDUHfIIITEZGBEHESe c e ePowder
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR l remov , e " r
wui bin L.UUUU iinin. manently, pain-
lessly, by the Electric Needle.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST.
40-42 GEARY ST., SAN FRANCISCO
THESE WERE WED
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
A Pretty and Interesting
Ceremony at St.
Patrick's.
Miss Jennie Hurley and John
Purcell United by Father
Brennan.
The Quiet Home Welding of Pauline
E. Schlueter and Ralph Leo
Van der Naillen.
There was a pretty and interesting wed
ding at St. Patrick's Church on Thursday
evening, May 14. the contracting par
ties being Miss Jennie Hurley and
John Purcell. The church was crowded
with the many friends of the contract
ing parties, both of whom are very popu
lar. Rev. Father Brennan performed the
ceremony.
Promptly at 8 o'clock the strains of the wed
ding march from "Lohengrin," rendered by
St. Patrick's Church choir, announced the
coining of the bridal party. The bride was at
tended by her sister, Miss Nellie Hurley, who
acted as maid of honor, aud George M. Kelly
officiated as best man. After the short, im
pressive ceremony congratulations were ex-
changed, following which the guests repaire-j
to 617 Greenwich street, the new and hand
some residence of the groom, where the newly
wedded couple were installed aDd where the
reception was held.
The decorations at the home were in ex
quisite taste, prominent among them being a
floral "marriage bell" with the Inscription,
"Long may we live to love," the gift of the
Native Sons of the Golden West, of which the
groom is a very popular member.
Mr. and Mrs. Purcell anticipate making a
tour of this State and Nevada, where they
hpve many friends, and will return in the
course of a few weeks to their new home, 617
Greenwich street, and will receive Thursdays.
Among those present at the wedding were Mr.
and Mrs. John Purcell, Mr. and Mrs. David
Purcell, Mr. and Mrs. William Henry, Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Hurley, Miss Nellie Hurley, An
drew Purcell, Daniel Purcell, Mr. and
Mrs. Maguire, Miss Mary Manning, Mr.
Wilson, Richard Henry, Matt Henry,
Edward Doyle, John Holland, George M. Kelly,
Frank Heyneman, Mr. Blanco, the Misses
Sonhie and Eloise Anderson, the Misses Sallie
and Genevieve Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Jourdan,
Miss Gertrude Simpson. Miss Ella Cromwell,
Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, Parker Ashley, Sidney
Smith, Louis Russell. Martin Hayes. Thomas
Burke, Major Thomas McLeod, Clinton Lawler,
James Ackerson, Samuel Franklin, Isaac Conn
and many others.
At Lihue, Kauai, Hawaiian Islands.April 20,
Miss Sarah M. Hardy of Berkeley, Cal., wu
unitC'i in marriage to Warren Gregory of San
Francisco, Cal. After visiting the volcanoes
Kilauea and Mauna Loa the newly wedded
couple intend to make a tour of Japan, re
turning to the Pacific Coast In August.
A quiet, though very pretty home wedding
was that of Miss Pauline K. Schlueter, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. E. Schlueter, and Ralph Leo
Van der Naillen, son of Professor A. Van der
Naillen, solemnized on Friday, May 15, at 5
o'clock, at the residence of the bride's parents,
2446 Howard street. Rev. A. J. Wells of the
Second Unitarian Church performed the cere
mony, which was witnesses oulv by the rela
tives and most Intimate friends of the con
tracting parties.
The house was prettily decorated for the oc
casion. After the ceremony congratulations
were offered and a repast served.
Mr. and Mrs. Van der Naillen will maka their
home in this City.
NEW TO- DAT.
crass
Great Bargain Sale
OX"
Tailor-Made
ODTING SUITS
AND CAPES!
Navy Blue and Scotch
Tweed Blazer and
Single-breasted Jack-
ets, with full skirts —
12 $10.00
Tailor-made Suits, open
jackets, with silk fac-
ing, lined skirts — ,
_ $13.50
Navy Blue and Black
Serge Suits, silk-lined
. jackets, with cuta-
ways and box fronts —
$15, $17.50, $18.50
A Fine Line of Hand-
some Capes, assorted
colors and silk lined—
_ $7.50
Alpaca and Serge Skirts,
lined —
$5,00, $7.00
SEHABLA KSI'AXOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. deary. And Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.— -53^-O«Sa£- ■ .
COI ORFH nRF^ P.nnn^l Judged absolutely on the basis of merit the GREAT CUT PRICE ', on is nrpADTMPMT!
OULUttiIU UHtbb UUUUCSI s ALE that we inaugurated last week totally eclipses all previous sales in OILK UJbPAH 1 MlifM 1 I
a* is cents importance, for never before so early in a season have new and stylish AtOO ,-„♦«. a Yard.
,1 pieces 26-INCH FANCY SILK STRIPED CHALLIES, reduced from 25c to 15c a gOOOS been Offered at anything: like the RADICAL RbUUCIIUiMh that 3000 yards 24-INCH FANCY FIGURED EVENING SILK in all shades former
yard • are so rapidly FORCING OUT OUR VAST OVERSTOCK, and in view of price 25. wiiibe P iacedon Sa ieatsocayard.
Vfvr ATI w# , rtT "?:* x^ r s?®^ I ;**" 1 At this fact we present a few samples of our this week's specials without _ -**-* so cents &, -s-«,r-ci.
08 pieces FINE ALL-WOOL HIKNCH CHALLIES, latest designs, reduced from 50c r •»▼» r 1000 yards 24-INCH FANCY STRIPFD FVFNTNfi RTTKS fnrmor nrir» si <>* =hu
toiiscayard. further comment, knowing that ladies who are at all posted on values bepiacedonsaieat^aya^ • p * • w
-A.t 25 cents. will recognize the importance of immediately profiting by the At VQ Oo __ t _ A Tftrd
ysasst ALL - WOOL . PAKOYCriEVI O T S UITI2fG ." l " keddowilfrom c;REAT SACRIFICE FROM REGULAR PRICES QUOTED ! 500 yards CHANGEABLE BENGALINE SILK, in ereen and "cardinal and brown
98 pieces 36-INCH ALL WOOL DRESS GOODS, in figured and diagonal effects, re- \ • 400 yards FANCY FT^PTnTifv^fr^vJf <^t t— **;****" ax.i- ♦
uuced from 50c to 35c a yard. . ~ " ~ " ~ 400 yards *AN OY-FIGURED BENGALINE SILK, in brown and heliotrope, and
.«,.,_.i:.5^«,...»-» LACE DEPARTMENT! LUIS' ID GLOVES! PAMSOLS!_PAMSOLS!,"~:^^r r^T'7; ,
coloring., reduced from 75c to 50c a yard. At 5 Cents Each. At 75~Cents At 75 Cents. 75^ a yard BROCADED SATI *. former price $1, will be placed on sale at
A * *-»=, 5000 dozen LADIES'WHITE SCALLOPED 9(qn , k _t*t7TTO\ t Kin'rinviro LADIES' 22-INCH GLORIA SILK
- A - t GS Cents. EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN 25 ° doz e" tS Jmi tim £»?•- 5S PARASOLS. Dara B on frames, value -A.t OS Cents a Yard.
"■ tSSSSSSSSSF 1 ALL ' WOOL FRENCH MIXED SUITING ' marked D j%ss^?tfig h 2z =; %£»«£ ™h K %« "S » *>■ -«■ Afs cd oo '*■ 15 *«•, ™ssr BATIN ' « tra he^ former —« I
At3SOent9 .ill be placed on s.le at each. offered at^c .^ LADIES' 22- INCH GLORIA SILK At «1 OO • YTd
, case 38-INCH ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGe] reduce, fro* 50c to 35c a yard. 200 w'SSlst"^' "oiWg ggASOIg. n^tugl band^s, paragon ■ BL A CK FIG^jED AND BROCADED GROS-GRAIN SILK, fotme r
zv* so r-^-n+o Butter shade, 5 inches wide, regular . red , tan and brown, at regular ? ?Lo °- A| . - nan + _ price ?1 25, will be placed on sale at ?1 a yard.
2 cases 42-INCH EXTRA HE?VY ?U.wSoL^GLIBH DIAGONAL NAVAL P-e^c. wUI be placed on sale at vva c $ 1 50, will be offered at |i a CARRIAGE^ASOL^n black satin „ . v Tvpw mA* »■» [* -jr^dU .
SERGE, reduced from 85c to 50c a yard. pair< A+ *, nn (lined), value $1 50. will be offered 10 pieces 24- INCH BLACK PEAU DE SOIE SILK, soft, heavy finish, former price
At 25 Cents Per Yard. At $1.00. , at 75c ' $2, will be placed on sale at $1 50 a yard. v
I 1000 yards BUTTER ORIENTAL AND 150 dozen 4-BUTTON UNDRESSED ,
; ==I=IZZZZZZ==IZ==Z: LIERRE LACES Bto 10 inches wide, KID GLOVES. in tan, mode, llfnilT'fl T7TTD \TTO TTT"KT flO I '
regular price 50c, will be placed on slate and brown shades, also lU] H]M X H|| KNNH I N Tit ' ====ZZ===ZZIZ==Z
sale at 25 cents per pard. black, regular value $1 50, will be lUillV 1 UlUUulllll UU i
BLACK DRESS GOODS! umir rmnnn niHlTTmnnTin "'' At $1.25. 200 dozen MEN'S seamless HALF- RT APR DRFRR HOOnQ !
MUVU lIKHNN II A KWTTTTRhV! ! 100doz«n LADIES' 4-BUTTON GEN- HOSE, in browns, tans, slate and DL/IUI\ UnCOO UUUIJO I
11 Jj" DIUjUU UillUlllUllljU PIN E FRENCH KID GLOVES, mixed colors, regular price $1 10 per
•A.* 25 Cents. in c ors . and black, regular value dozen, will be offered at 5c each.
1 case 39-INCH ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT CAMEL'S HAIR, reduced from 50c to 25c '„, At 75 Cents. *> - Jo, will be offered at $1 25 a At 5Q Cents> At 2S O©xit».
a vard - rsE iir-v^c ES ? .GARNITURE ORNA- P • 130 dozen MEN'S LAUNDRIED PER- 1 case 40-INCH FIGURED ALPACA, reduced from 40c to 25c a yard.
MENTS chain effects, in new preen, __„„, , tlTri¥ IV miminillll CALE OVERSHIRTS, with collars
At 33 Cents. navy, and iridescent shades, reducea 1.11)1^$ Mil SLI\ mDERW E\R and cuffs attached, in a variety of neat _. __ --._««♦_
1 case 46-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL STORM SERGE, marked down from from $1 & to 7oc each. UrkVlllU JUJ^LhI 1 .M'l, ll II 1, .111 p at t er ns regular price 75c ear-h will FIGURED JAJt 4iO Conts. «! mi. M ,
: I ca-c 4'-l.\(.H LXIKA FINE ALL- WOOL fcTOKM SLRGE. marked down from . .. n »i/ a io-t-cn . patterns, regular price /oc eacn, win . m tvph uir rrprn cvpt ibh MnUiTPQ .. CX ....  . M
65c to 35c a yard. At 5 Cents • AND WAISTS! be offered at 50c. 1 case 39-INOH * IGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS, worth 65c, will be sold at 40c yard.
i -A.t SO Cents No 3 STOCKINET DRESS SHIELDS, A 25~Cents At 5 ° Cents> - A+ j,^ <-5 ♦
i 1 case 47-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL SCOTCH CHEVIOT, reduced from J n ? d & U ?j&.' Ull .*" ami *™ gOOCIS ' 60 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made "° SSaSSSnSSv^mSI 1 ca,e 42-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH M eSKTSi new and elegant designs re-
soc to we a yard. of heavy muslin, finished with made extra large and trimmed with duced from 85c to 50c a yard. '
; A+ — «_ rf-,^^.*.— , ' TT , ■,At IU v^entS cluster of tucks and ruffle of em- Cash's fast color trimming, in a variety
1 . onivrn nrrpirn rv7ir-u MT^?^?rr c „  | LADIES LEATHER BELTS in imitation broidery, regular price 50c, will be of pattern*, regular price 75c. will be At 81.00.
j 1 case39-I>LH JrU-LRhD ENGLISH bATIN SOLLILS, reduced from 85c to 55c a j alligator, colors tan, orange and black, closed out at 25c. offered at 50c. 1 case 46-INCH EXTRA-FINE ENGLISH FIGURED MOHAIRS reduced trom $1 50
J ara - new goods, covered buckle, only 10c At 35 Cents to $1 a yard.
! ' — GO dozen LADIES' LAUNDRIED fiTJTT HBEXP 0 TTCFTHjBWTj A D
= TlTkTTini nnriTTinTT i SHIRT WAISTS, made ol fancy CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR ' =
I I A TITTJO' UnOTTjDV I figured and striped material, regu- UlliJJlJllUll ,U Ull JJUII If UHII — :
ODrr>TAT DT AMI/Pn , r>ATT-T LAJJIUb nUOllilll ! cc **. *** offered <***- At SO Cents".
SPECIAL BLANKET SALE! ™cc£ aP I . H?HBS2 "to JShSShBIH SPECIAL LINEN SALE!
. 50 dozen LADIES' BLACK SILK of heavy muslin, yoke of inser- high neck, long sleeves, drawers to
" . PLAITED HOSE, extra high spliced tion, finished with collar of em- match, warranted non-shrinkable,
This week we shall place on sale about 1000 pairs Fine White nee ' 3 and toes, onyx fast black, will be broidery, extra value for 75c, will will be offered at 50c each, regular This week a special sale of Household Linens, including Table
Blankets, some slightly imperfect; the clean-up of two large ° " d at «c a pair, regular price ,l be closed out at 50c. price 75c. Damasks, Napkins, Towels, Crashes, Glass Linens, etc. The val-
; Mills. They are at nearly one-half price. • tXT- Our New Catalogue is now being distributed to COUNTRY RESIDENTS ONLY, ue<! wi ii he found v< tv «ffi*rtl««
I 1 to whom it will be mailed Free on receipt of address . ues Wlli De tound very a " active.
! [/U Murphy Building, / (ft/ Murphy Building, / {£{/ Murphy Building jf UiJ Murphy Building, / [g\J Murphy Building, J Idif Murphy Building, f ml* Murphy Building, f
j Market anil Jones Streets. Marina and Jones Streets. Market - and Jones Streets. Market aid Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
REMARKABLE BRIDGE,
It Crosses Cerritos Creek Not
Far From San Gre-
GORIO.
One of the most remarkable wooden
bridges ever built in California, if not in
the United States, is still standing in a
fair state of preservation. It crosses Cer
ritos Creek on the sta^e roail between San
Mateo and Pescadero, a few miles north of
San Gregorio.
The most striking tiling about ths ap
pearance of this bridge is its enormous
height. The center span crosses the creek
ninety feet above the water.
It is not known who the engineers were
that built the bridge, nor just wbat facil
ities they had for doinj» the work. The
structure was put up about 1858 and has
remained in constant use ever since. It is
true the stages do not cross it now, but
foot passengers and smaller vehicles use it
regularly. The only effect of its long
years of service is a slight swag at the
northern end.
The bridpe is really built of the trunks
of redwood trees that were hauled from
the forests about fifteen miles away. How
they were placed in position is something
past tinding out, as there is nobody living
mi the locality that remembers when the
bridge was put up. And, indeed, it looks
as if the job would puzzle an engineer of
to-day, even though he were given the use
of all modern appliances, which the others
did not have.
In all there are seventy upright sup
ports in the bridge and they must have
Pecnliar and Picturesque Bridge Built of the Trunks of Redwood Trees Stretching
Across Cerritos Creek Near San Gregorio, in San Mateo County.
[Drawn from a photograph taken expressly for "The Call."]
been stood on end entirely by the use of
ropes, pulleys and muscle. Those in the
center of the bridge are the highest and
the others get shorter and shorter as they
climb the bank on either side. Very few
braces are used, so that the bridge pre
sents the appearance of a series of straight
poles reaching across the ravine. The
country in this vicinity is picturesque and
wild and the bridge does not look the
least bit out of place. In fact it rather
blends into the landscape. It does not
present a very beautiful appearance nor
does it look grotesque.
A MONSTER MAGNET,
A monster magnet is used at the British
arsenal at Woolwich to handle the shot
for the 110-ton guns. The body or core of
the magnet is U-shaped, and in one forg
ing. The winding is mechanically pro
tected by stout brass flanges, and is cov
ered with thick brass tips. The ends of
the winding are led to duplicate terminals,
duplicated wires, to prevent accidents in
case of the wire fouling and breaking,
being taken over the pulleys to the switch
box on the counter-weight at the back of
the crane.
A single pole switch is placed in this box
and is used, in conjunction with a water
resistance, to shut the extra current pro
duced on breaking the circuit, to close or
open the circuit. The current varies from
three to four amperes at twenty to thirty
volts. The maximum weight that can be
lifted has not been ascertained exactly,
but it exceeds 3600 pounds.— Cincinnati
Enquirer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1596.
Your Honor, In this case I will upset more
than the theories of the prosecution.
The seeming blackness of my client's defense
is due, I am convinced —
now mark me—
THE DROWNING MAN.
"Give me a straw!" shrieked a desperate
voice.
At first you took It to be fomebody with a
mint julep, but later you saw It was the drown
ing man.
When the straw was brought to him he
clutched at it fiercely and then sank from
sight.
"Alas!" cried he, as the waves closed above
his head, "why did I not call for a deal
plank?"
Thia shows us how futile It is to follow the
copy-books.—New York World.
No Use for X Rays.
Simklns—l— aw—see that some one has —aw—
invented— aw—a machine law looking into the
brain?
De Gumley—Yaas, so I— aw—see. But that
don't interest us—aw—doncher see. —New York
World.
Excited Her Pity.
Mrs. Hussiff—What did you work at?
Rural Ruggs—l had a job in a soap factory,
mum.
Mrs. Hussiff (pityingly)— Come in and eat. it
must be terrible to be out of work io long as
you've been.
Lots of Them.
Actor—Are there any good situations In that
new play of yours ?
Dramatist—There oupht to be. The manager
baa not engaged anybody yet
No Apparatus.
Judge—Have you searched the prisoner ?
Officer—No, your Honor. The fluoroscope is
out of order.
LIKES TO BE SHOT AT,
A Wild Deer That Seems Al
most to Have a Charmed
Life.
There is a wild deer that for the last four
years has made its home along the western
slope of the hills ten miles north of Santa
Cruz. Its habits are unlike the rest of its
tribe, for it shows a disposition to run
with the bands of cattle in pasture In the
vicinity. The strange thing about the
deer, though, is that nobody has ever been
able to kill it and at present the animal
seems to like the idea of having bullets
flying around it.
There are certain game laws that pro
hibit the killing of deer for all but about
six weeks of each year, but in certain lo
calities they are a dead letter. The Santa
Cruz Mountains is one of these district?,
although the people say they have to kill
the animals to defend themselves. Of
course it wouldn't do for them to allow a
deer to hook them. That is possibly the
reason that every hunter takes a shot at
the deer that is said to have a charmed
life. Hunters, by mistake, often shoot at
others that do not have charmed lives.
And after the animal is dead they might
as well eat it.
The first man known to have shot at the
deer in question would have bet all he had
that he would have killed it, as it was not
more than a hundred yards away. But
he didn't, and all others have failed ever
since. A man living near by says that at
least 30) shots have been rired at the ani
mal and it has never been grazed.
The deer has got so now that it gets into
position as soon as a man with a rifle
comes along. It is not the least bit afraid
and will stand still in a field and watch
people driving past.
Last Sunday the deer was not more than
seventy-five yards from the road. A fence
ran along the edge and a hunter took a
steady aim. It was such a pretty shot it
seemed impossible to miss. But the hunter
might as well have used a blank cartridge,
for the deer simply tossed its head and dis
appeared behind a ridge, a moment after
a cloud of dust beyond showed where the
bullet struck.
The Peer That Bears a Charmed Life,
and Seems to Offer Itself as a
Mark for Riflemen and Hunters
Near Santa Cruz.
to one dark spot In his early life.
I am pained to notice, your Honor, on all
sides in the court scarcely repressed laughter.
Before such conduct
Justice may well Mdc her face.
a
Heaven and earth* What have I run up
isainst?— Klieisende Blaetter.
Why Men Sleep.
Leavitt— l see they have passed a law In
Ohio forbidding women wearing hats in
theaters.
Millie (scornfully)— The brutes! I suppose
they'll want us to take off our hats in church
next.
Leavttt— Oh, no; the clergy would never
allow that. If they did the women would all
sleep through the service like the men.— New
York World.
Couldn't Fool Him.
Bt. Peter opened ti>« gate wide. "Come In,"
he said.
The shade shook it 3 head.
"No," it said; "I've backed many theatrical
companies in my time, and I know from ex
perience that It's no fun being an angel."
His Day Off.
First Nobleman— They say that Miss Bond
stock has a couple of • millions in her own
right, besides ten millions or so she'll get
from
Second Nobleman— For heaven's sake, old
chap, don't let'a talk shop.— New York World.
Lucky Dog.
"How much does It cost to go to Europe t"
"It didn't cost me anything."
"How was that?"
"I was born there."
SHAPED LIKE A BELL
A Peculiar Mountain to Be
Seen in Alaskan
Waters.
When the Alaska steamers are getting
toward Sitka they go through a passage
way known as Pinlanson's Canal, and if
they happen to pass a certain point in the
daytime a most unusual-looking moun
tain can be seen. It has been named the
"Bell-shaped Mountain," and a more ap
propriate cognomen could not be found.
This peak, which has always been one
of the sights for tourists, occupies a most
unusual position. It is directly in the
center of the channel, and when the
steamer is going northward seems to block
further progress. For several miles before
the mountain is reached the passageway
is not any too wide, ana steep mountains
come close to the water's edge on both
sides. They seem to join the lower portion
of the bell-shaped mountain, and form an
impassable barrier across the roadway.
As the steamer is heading directly for
the mountain it shows to the best advan
tage. Rising abruptly from tne mirror
like surface of the water, it rears its head
about 1000 feet toward the sky and reveals
the moat perfect symmetry in its outline.
The sides slope inward, and on the top
there is a little knoll, the whole combina
tion forming a perfect bell.
If this mountain is seen in the early
morning when the steamer is about five
miles away it will appear silhouetted
against the sky. The edges look clean and
sharp cut, and it is hard to believe that it
is not the work of human hands. It
really looks like a monster bell placed in
the channel.
The sides of this mountain are covered
with a thick growth of pine trees, and as
the steamer draws nearer it loses some of
its peculiar appearance. The vessel keeps
head on as if to run it down, but when
quite close makes a sharp turn to port and
passes through a channel so narrow that
it is possible to throw a stone on the
mountain from the deck. The mountain
is much longer than wide, and does not
look the least like a bell as soon as the
steamer has passed so that it can be seen
over the stern.
Navigators in that part of the world
consider it a great accomplishment to be
"Friends," an Original Drawing by Christine Laplace, Aged 15 Years.
able to sail around this mountain. The
winds and tides are variable, and many
skippers often give up the attempt, after
remaining in the same spot for days, and
take the outside passage.
In the New Year's procession at Konigs
berg, in 1858, a Bologna sausage exhibited
by the "butcher man" was 622 feet in
length, and was carried on the shoulders
of sixty-seven men and boys. The one
exhibited in the same city in the year 1583
was over 1600 feet in length and weighed
434 pounds.
BRIGHT GIRL ARTIST,
I Remarkable Work Done by
Christine Laplace of
This City.
Miss Christine Laplace is the daughter
of J. Lewis Laplace, from whom she doubt
less inherits her artistic talent, as he is
one of the ablest lithographers in this
country. He is a Frenchman, and before
marrying an accomplished English woman
he spent the most of his time traveling
and having strange adventures in many
parts of the world.
Christine, with her parents, brothers and
sisters, lives away out on the Corbett road,
at the base of Twin Peaks. Their pretty
home nestles in a quiet canyon and is con
-1 cealed from the road by a small forest of
trees, which her father planted years ago.
Although this cozy home is situated in the
heart of a great city, so to speak, it is as
completely removed from the noise and
bustle of the streets as though it were in
the high Sierras. The artistic tastes of
Christine's parents are shown in the large
and well-kept flower gardens and hot-
I houses Delonging to the place. It is easy
to imagine Christine's sensitive nature ex
panding under surroundings so congenial
to an artistic temperament. On her way
to and from school every day she sees
J some of the grandest views afforded by the
i mountains and by the beautiful valleys
! which nestle at their base. The accom
panying picture, drawn by her, shows that
with proper perseverance she wili some
day be a famous artist. It was drawn
without any assistance, and as her parents
propose to make an artist of her they
should feel strongly encouraged by thia
eftort.
2122
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
r>ally and Sunday Call, one wet by carrier.. $0.1 5
Daily mill Sunday Cam,, one \ oar, by mail . . . . C.(H)
Daily and Sunday C'ai.i,, six months, by mail.. 8.00
Daily si.tl Sunday I'ai.l., three motitlm by mnll l.."0
Daily and Sunday Cam., on* mouth, by mail.. .65
Eunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50 j
Ik jctjLLY Call, one year, by mail •.. 1-50 ■.
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon Kolnp to the country 011 a vacation • If
a*, it is no trouble for us to forwent THE (A 1.1. to !
your address. Do uot let It miss you lor you will ;
mis« it. Orders given to the carrier or left at I
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTKA CIIAItGK.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Jlarkei Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ; Main—
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES: - .-,
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayrs street: open until 9::<0 o'clock.
713 Lark;:> street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW. corner fUxteenth aud Mission streets; Open
until 9 o'clock. ■ K •• , " . . .
*J5lB Mission street; open nutll 9 o'cloc*.
115 JSintn street; open until 0 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
t»AMI> 11. iOLTZ, Special Agent.
SUNDAY... MAY -Jl. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Call speaks for all, and all should
speak for it.
There is a liberal education in reading a
liberal newspaper.
Why talk about harmony any more? !
Let us make it a melody.
Among the favorite sons the Vice-Presi- I
dency is regarded as a booby prize.
It must be conceded that as a Nation we .
are no longer proud of our Senate.
The music of the Republican campaign j
has begun. Close up and keep step.
Let us pive thanks to the Czar that he
did not call his coronation a carnival.
Tnere are no humors of the campaign
more humorous than Harrity's hopes.
— . — . '
It 19 a sure thin? this year that if you
Join a Republican league you will be in it.
Silence may be good in many cases, but
on the third- question it won't answer.
Senator Hill may now say "Not only
am I a Democrat, but I am the only Dem- \
ocrat."
The Call not only speaks for all, but ;
gives everybody a chance to speak for
themselves.
"Whatever Cleveland may have up his :
sleeve just now we may be pretty sure it I
isn't a laugh.
There are some of those gold bug States
that haven't life enough in them to be a
mining camp.
.
- It becomes more evident every day that i
in setting rid of Buckley local Democracy i
has lost its head.
If you believe the world now every por- j
tion of it that has a hotel or a room to rent I
is a summer resort.
As it is to be called the Carnival of the
Golden Gate it should be wide open to the
biggest swim on earth.
The political straw shows the way the j
wind blows, but not the fellow behind it ;
who is raising the wind.
Perhaps Quay went to see McKinley to
asK him to accept the Vice- Presidency in
the interests of harmony.
"What grinds Moscow is that she cannot
have a coronation as an annual show and
make herself a tourist center.
Surprise at the things that come out j
of a prediction bureau is not so great as i
the wonder how they ever got in.
We must wait for the Chicago conven
tion to see whether the Democratic gold- :
bug can be held by a silver thread.
The fact that we do not get a rest from
the transfer nuisance even on Sunday is j
what breaks the day all up in this town.
It is about time to inquire whether the j
Market-street Railway Company has a I
franchise to facilitate street traffic or
blockade it. '
When the commencement season is over !
and the voices of the graduates are out of !
the air, perhaps the weather will cease to
feel so fresh.
Don't leave town for the summer with
out having The Call sent to your new
address. You will wish to know thft home j
news every day.
The Cleveland period has brought the j
country to a full stop, but the Republicans i
will soon start a new chapter that will be '
full of prosperity.
Now that we are told the public schools
are out of politics, we may reasonably in
dulge the hope that politics will soon be ,
out of the schools.
The nomination at the St. Louis con- !
vention will not be made without the j
most serious deliberation. Tho enthu
siasm will come afterward.
Supposing the Western States were in- |
deed no more than mining camps, would ]
that be any reason why Wall street should .
have a monopoly of the Government?
Among 350,000 people, says Mr. Vining, j
there are some thieves, and alas ! we cannot j
deny the fact, but we hope the proposed
Dimond ordinance will check them a little.
In the Republican Executive Committee ;
we have the right men in the right place j
at the' right time to do the right thing 1 . !
What's the matter with them They are !
all right.
When in a debate in the Senate on a
vital issue of National politics we find
Sherman and Hill, Lodge and Vilas on
one side, and Dubois and Daniel, Teller
and Vest on the other, we may be sure the
next step to be taken in the political
theater is to recast the play. '"'
A student at Brown University cribbed
an article written by the president of the
institution, signed his name to it and
turned it in as an original essay, and now
while the entire undergraduate world in I
the East is thrilling with admiration for ,
his nerve he has gone into the country to j
rustic^ and blushes to find it fame. j
THE ST. LOUIS CONVENTION.
The managers of the Democratic party
are countins on disagreements at the St.
Louis convention to open the way for a
Democratic victory, but their wish is
father to their expectations. There will
be disagreements at iirst, as there should
be, and harmony will finally prevail as it
should. This is a great country from
every point of view. There are business
interests that are wide apart and more or
less cuniHc-ting. Naturally, and therefore
proparly, strong efforts will be made by
this, that and the other section of the
country to secure the greatest number of
advantages. There will be strife for the
supremacy of Interests here and interests
there, and great and powerful speeches
will be made in which the importance of
making this or that economic principle
paramount will be pet forth, and tne con
vention and the country will be all the
better for it because of the ocean of infor
mation that will be Riven; besides, it is
right that each section of the country
should have opportunity to make its needs
known.
But when it come* to building a final
declaration of principles it will be found
that the platform was born of a har
monious adjustment of all interests upon
the broad basis of the greatest possible
good to the whole country. Tne Republi
can party was commissioned a third of a
century ago to carry the United States
from level to level of solid and permanent
advancement, and that commission has
never been revoked by the spirit of the
purpose of the Nation's existence. The
requirements of the country are not
wholly as they wero a third of a century
ago. They are more complex and far
reaching than ever before, which requires
the application of the clearest and most
comprehensive system of economics. Com
mercial and industrial expansion and the
development of new trade commodities
and distribution agencies in recent years
has enlarged the iieid of the Republican
party's work. Hence there will he plans
and suggestions submitted to the £t. Louis
convention that will antagonize one
another, but out of It all there will arise
ways, means and measures which will
cement all factions in one solid, har
monious and determined whole. Every
State, the whole country, the world and
humanity need the Republican party, and
it -will continue the one great ethical,
scoial, economic and political agent of the
process of man's advancement to the
higher xilanes of existence. The Democ
racy may watch and pray for the disrup
tion of the Republican party, but it will
wait in vain.
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
A reciprocity treaty is to establish closer
and more profitable trade relations be
tween two countries whose merchantable
commodities are not competitive in the
markets of either country to a hurtful de
gree. Hence, in charging protectionists
with being inconsistent and contradictory
when they advocate the principle of reci
procity, free-traders only expose their
own ignorance of the law of trade inter
change and accumulation and distribu
tion. Reciprocal commercial relations
provide the truest, least obstructed and
most profitable conditions known for mar
keting the product? of a country. They
are based upon the old trade and barter
sy-tem. They do not contemplate the use
of money except to settle balances. Reci
procity is, in short, true free trade, be
cause it carries the product of a country to
another country whose product is wholly
dissimilar, and there exchanges one for
the other on the basis of the cash value of
eacli in other markets.
But there is another object involved in
reciprocity treaties. It is the question of
transporting the commodities for inter
change. The party to a treaty that is iv
position to carry the commodities between
the countries is bound to have the best of
the bargain, for every ship becomes an ad
vertising agent and a traveling salesman
for the country to which it belong*. Not
only so, but the transportation agencies
also become the supporters of the banking
institutions of the two countries by fur
nishing facilities for transferring trade
balances. The«e advantages are highly
beneficial to the side that is the controller
of them In many ways. The right and
responsibility of carrying the inter
changeable produce enables the trans
portation facilities to divert trade to their
own markets that would or might go else
where, and if it were ordered elsewhere they
still would control the avenues of inter
change.
It is for these reasons that our Govern
ment is urged to establish a. marine ser
vice on the basis of a gratuity. The com
merce of San Francisco would grow
enormously if a fleet of vessels were plying
between here and the Pacific coast cities
of all countries. Such a marine service
would very soon make San Francisco to
the Pacific Coast and the Orient what New
York is to the Atlantic Coast aod Europe.
The question of reciprocity treaties and
an ample marine service is a business
proposition that is based upon common
sense business principles.
THE SUMMER SEASON.
The time has come, when in accordance
with the established custom of the fash
ionable world, society plumes itself and
; makes ready for a flight from town to
country. A thousand fair localities by the
'■ seashore or in the mountains entice the
i dwellers of cities to leave the noise of busy
i streets and find a recreation in the fresh*
ness and the peace of those sweet retreats
that are near to nature's heart.
Each of these fair scenes where summer
dwells has some special charm of its own,
I some beauty or delight peculiar to itself,
i that wins votaries to its shrines of pleasure
and joy despite all other allurement?.
! Drawn by their varied and diverse attrac
| tions society divides, disperses and scatters
■ far and wide. All the groups and cliques
formed during the winter are broken up
, and their members widely separated.
j Those who have been meeting almost
J daily at clubs, receptions and in social
visiting will soon be parted not to meet
' again for months and -never again under
, the old conditions nor in the same combi
j nations even when returning winter brings
{ them home again.
In this wide dispersion, however, there
will be no forgetfulness of friends nor any
lack of interest in their movements. Wher-
J ever any may go each will desire to know
j where the others are and in what scenes
j of enjoyment they are disporting them
selves. To supply this information will
be one of the pleasant tasks of The Call
daring the summer season. It will be a
feature of the paper to carry to every
reader not only that news of the day
which may for distinction be called public,
but also thatgossip of the movements and
doings of California society which .is in a
certain sense private, since it concerns only
the individuals themselves and is interest
ing only to their acquaintances.
' All who wish during the summer wan
derings to keep in touch with their friends
i without the fatigue of an extensive corre
! spondence will find The Call invaluable
;to them. It will come to them with a
record of the coming and going guests,
i record of the coming and going guests, ,
tUe sayings ttcd doings of ail Ike summer, j
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
resorts. All readers can learn from it
where their friends are and wbat group*
are gathered at any particular place in the
mountains or by the sea. Whatever else
may be taken along for the summer out
ing Thk Call should always be included.
It will be needed every day.
CIVILIZATION.
Civilization and government are not
necessarily synonymous. Bees, ants,
beavers and many tribes of the animal
kingdom maintain a government, and
from the evidence we gather from their
habits and customs it is severely auto
cratic. The form of government that is
maintained by the lower tribes or commu
nities of the human family is an improve
ment upon that of the highest of animal
tribes, but not conspicuously so in all
cases. This difference obtains, however.
The resentment that is shown in the
animal when it feels that it is being op
pressed is wholly vicious, while the feel
ing of resentment in the lower human
being has a thread of determination to
have certain individual rights recognized.
It is the broadening and strengthening of
this thread that enables humanity to un
fold upon ethical and intellectual lines.
It is held by some evolutionists that un
foldment buds into civilization when the
human being feels he has personal rights
which he must defend to the death, and
that from the bud onward civilization is
comparative. The lowest form of civiliza
tion is under principles of government
which make might the supreme law, but
those principles yield to principles of right
as humanity unfolds and civilization ad
vances in ratio to the recognition by hu
manity of the principles of justice and to
the growth of inclination to make right
the rule and guide of con luct. Greed,
avarice and sellishness are tae predomi
nating characteristics of the animal; and
man, though he revel in wealth and stands
an intellectual giant, possesses the animal
soul and heart in proportion as his nature
is greedy, avaricious and selfish. The
leaves of the bud do not open and stand
apart iv the deep shadow of the thicket.
As compared with former periods the civ
ilization of the nineteenth century is like
the baa grown intotlowerhood, but, in fact,
it is not the full flower. The inmost leaves
and their fragrance are still held for future
unfoldment. F.ven the free and intelli
gent people of America still hold on to
many of the methods, customs, suspicions,
superstitions, and much of the intolerant
spirit of the earlier hours of civilization,
but as a whole the world is wiser, happier
and better than in any former period; j
still, do not let us forget while boasting of '
our high civilization that the people of the
fortieth century are likely to speak of us
as the heathen of the nineteenth century,
as we speak of the barbarians of the lirst
century.
But we caii boist that the world never
before had so many institutions for caring
for the poor and sick. There are more
big-hearted philanthropists than ever be
fore, and never before in the history of the
race did so many of the common people
own their own homes, and never before
was humanity on so nearly a political
level. We have a higher and truer sense
of the right than had our ancestors, but,
on the other hand, the responsibility that
rests upon the people of the nineteenth
century, with reference to the ages to come,
is far greater than had to be borne by the
people of all previous stages of advance
ment.
SUSPICIOUS TRANSACTIONS.
In trying to prevent an investigation of !
the bond sales, the friends of the adminis
tration tacitly admit that probing might |
put President Cleveland and Secretary !
Carlisle in an awkard position. It is not
understood that any irregularity is sus
pected in connection with the first issue
which was made in 1^94. It is the inside
history of ttie Morgan syndicate's pur- j
chase of the issue of $0*2,000,000 thirty-year
4 per cents at 104JJ. when they should
have brought nearer their market value,
which was about 1191^, that is particularly
asked for. Of course no one would expect
that a large block of bonds could be sold
at their retail price in the security market, !
but certainly some explanation should be
forthcoming why as much as $l. r ) persl<XT
bond should have been thrown off.
It is not seriously thought by many, if ;
by any one, that either Cleveland or Car- |
lisle profited in a private or personal wny
by the sale, but there is reason to believe
that because of their gross incapacity to I
handle a business affair of such magni
tude the Morgan-Rothschild syndicate
pulled the wool over their eyes, so to
speak. And most likely the syndicate
threatened to organize a run upon the
treasury gold if it was not allowed to
make a profit of $10,000,000 from the trans
action, which it did make.
In view of the demand of the public for
more light on the transaction the admin- I
istration certainly puts itself in an atti
tude to invite suspicion of something akin
to crookedness when it refuses to eive up
the secrets of the deal. Another thing
which the President appears to think is
none of the public's business is the sale to
Morgan of nearly $5,000,000 of the last
issue of bonds that subscribers failed to
take at 110^ when there were other bids
on tile in the Treasury Department of 114> 2 .
It is unfortunate that the administration
considers itself above responsibility to the
people for its act. for it does oi.t system of
government no good to have the news go
abroad that the conduct of the Nation's
affairs and the administration of law has
no basis of certainty higher than the cap
rice of Grover Cleveland. It is to be hoped
that the Senate will make life a burden to
the ocenpantof the White House until he
reveals all the tricks, secrets and methods
connected with the Wail-street bond
transactions.
IDLE MONEY.
Yesterday's New York bank statement
shows that the money concerns of that
center have a net surplus of nearly 000,
--000, which they would like very much to
find employment for, but which nobody
wants. The meaning of this enormous sum
of loanable money lying idle is that the
business interests of the country do not
care to launch out until all danger of
Clevelandism being injected into the
business situation is over.
There are very many lines of trade and
manufacture that will increase their
operations the moment they feel safe to do
so, but just now the almost certainty of
another bond deal between the adminis
tration and Wall street. and a run on the
treasury's gold meanwhile is creating con
ditions that do not invite the employment
of new capital.
Immediately after the St. Louis conven
tion is over the atmosphere in the business
world will begin .to clear itself of the black
specks of doubt and hesitation, and money
will again seek the avenues of industry
and commerce. But meanwhile Jet busi
ness concerns be preparing for the trade
expansion that will follow the exit of the
Democratic party, an event that is as sure
to come as there is an election next
November.
There may be some Americans who
doubt the value of protection to this coun
try, but there are none among the British.
THE "KING PIN" OF PASSENGER AGENTS.
George H. Daniels, who is now on this coaßt, has been dubbed the "King Pin" of
general passenger agents in the United States. He is the general passenger agent of
the great New York Central Railroad, with which such well-known capitalists as
Chauucey M. Depew and the Vanderbilts are so intimately identified. Mr. Daniels is
on a little tour of over 10,000 miles m his special car. His watchwords are: "Knowl
edge of the line," "industry," "affability," "promptness," "honesty."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
K. Jacobs, the millionaire of Visalia, is
among the arrivals at the Occidental. He was
once a general storekeeper, then a banker, and
since 1870 has oeen a farmer and stock-grower
on a large scale.
He raises no less than 9000 acres of grain
alone each year, to say nothing of the alfalfa,
grapes and fruit.
But besides all this he raises every year an
enormous <|iiamity of beef, pork and mutton.
Reconsiders Tulure t'ounty the best in Cali
fornia for stock-growing.
'When I went to Visalia, thirty years ago,"
lie said yesterday, "I had to go in through a
heavy forest oi oak trees. Where Vi^alia now
stands was all grown over with great oaks. It
was a settlement made right In the timber.
Visalia now has about 4500 inhabitants.
There were precious few people there when I
went and located among those oaks.
"I think the grain crop of Tulare and that
region of the State will be about one-third of a
crop. The iirst yield will be good.
"Our people are very much interesetd now
in the Valley roa<i. It is the topic that is up
permost. Kight-of-way men are going through
there and they are Riven every encourage
ment. It is expected the road will be finished
to Visalia some time next year.
"In Kings County the greatest excite
ment is over the discoveries of petrolum made
sometime since near Coalings. Almost every
man you mcc* ban some vials of the oil with
him. It is something like the early gold ex
citement. The oil is said to be quite extensive.
I am told that many I'euusy Ivauia oil men are
on the ground.
"I aided the lirst immigration enterprises in
the Tulare district and have all along main
tained my interest in immigration. It has
done a great deal for us.
' \V.' have such an abundance of water that
we have a county remarkable for its steady
products. I consider it the finest county for
pork in the State and it Is not surpassed for
t-heep and cattle. The fact is tuat it is hard to
fma a county as good in every way as it is.
"I note that The Call has got a lot of new
blood in it. It is a tine piper, is read with con
fidence and deserves the recognition of the
public. There has certainly been a grcut
change in it. It is read a great deal in Tulare
County and everybody likes it"
Mr. Jacobs' stay from this on will be very
short. He has completed his business and Is
about ready to return home.
"HAIL TO THE CZAR!"
" Hall thou (by heaven elected) Czar to be!"
.Minions and armed mynaJs. bid "Hail!"
What joy is thine s!nc*'twlxt thy slaves and
thee
Range warlike ranks, like mountains 'gainst a
sea,
Breaking the waves that else must overwhelm .
And bear'st thou not far oft the gathering gale
Which, sweeping o'er those mounts, 'twere vain
to flee—
The storm of revolution in tliy realm?—
That realm where honest thought's jailed In the
brain
That gave It birth, and may not trust the tongue
For fear of perils In the Czar's decree
That bans free speech, free press—the weapons
twain
'»ath which shall tyrants sink* their thrones
among,
While serfs nngyved praise Goi tnat they are
free. Chables d. South. -
Pan Francisco, May 23. 1898.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
IN FAIRNESS TO DR. CAMPBELL.
Impressions of a Visit to the Southern
California Asylum.
To the Editor of the San Francitco Call— Sib:
To my report of the case of Judge Huse against
the Southern California Insane Asylum, pub
lished by The Call some two weeks since, I
desire to add the following reference to the
medical director, Dr. Campbell, and the asy
lum:
Although my testimony before the court was
pointed in regard to the apparent animus
toward Judge Huse in the unexplained deten
tion of both of his letters to me, Dr. Campbell
gave me an argent invitation to visit the asy
lum as his guest and spend the night anil the
following day there, and I gladly accepted his
courtesy on the ground, as I told him, that I
whs always governed in all my relations in life
by a fixed purpose to do no person or institu
tion or occupation or party any injustice and
also because I was conscious of a' pronounced
bias against him and his management of the
asylum.
Accordingly I went there on Saturday even
ing, after the close of the trial, and remained
till Sunday afternoon. In company with Dr.
Campbell X went through the wards after 10
o'clock at night, including the sick wards, and
at noon on Sunday we began a second vi.-it to
every ward in the asylum; and in the course
of an hour I saw nearly every Inmate (some
400 of them, males and female*), most of them
while they were at the tables eiiiing their noon
meal, and among them my poor friend Huge,
who was seated at the table with his back
toward me and was unconscious of my pres
ence. I also attended the chapel service at 2
o'clock p. m., where about 300 were assembled,
to whom I was introduced by Dr. Campbell and
whom I addressed, in the absence of the clergy
man, for about ten minutes.
It is not the plane here to give an account of
what I saw in detail at the asylum, but it Is
my duty to make a general statement in regard
to the character of this great State institution
as I found it, and of its officers and attendants.
1 can find no fault with anything I saw, and I
can give the warmest praise to Dr. Campbell as
a rare and wise man for the place— a place so
full of perplexity and bo exhaustive of patience
and sympathy, which he so successfully fills.
1- or quietness, cleanliness, kindness and sym
pathetic attention, this insane asylum exceeds
anything I deemed possible in such an institu
tion, while a thorough inspection of the food
piacea before the inmates, of the storerooms
and of the kitchen in which the food is pre
pared, as well as of the laundry and the clothes
on the inmates and on their beds, amply Justi
fies all the praise I have given the asylum.
At this time— May 22—1 desire to add to the
foregoing reference to Dr. Campbell and the
asylum that I had an opportunity for a free
and full conference with Judge Huse in the
asylum, and entirely alone, during which I
became fully satisfied that at the present time
he Is not likely to take proper care of himself
if released from the asylum without a compe
tent, faithful and honest attendant when he is
oft his guard and his mind is not occupied
with important business; though it is proba
ble that in time, away from all associations
and influences of the asylum, to which he has
been subject for so many year*, he will recover
entire command of himself and shake off the
eccentricities and habits now so noticeable In
his conduct; but there can be no question
whatever that he is clearly competent to at
tend to any business or law matters which now
require his Immediate attention.
• _ JOSEPH Asburt Johnson.
I 11 Essex street, Scut Francisco.
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. Finegann of San Jose is in the city.
Ex-Governor L. A. Sheldon is at the Grand.
Robert Smith of London is at the Occidental.
The Rev. James W. Dolau of Boston Is at the
Grand.
Dr. 8. A. Knopf of Los Angeles is at the
Palace.
Robert Moore, a butcher of Healdsburg, is in
the city.
T. J. Field, the banker ot Monterey, lion a
visit here.
Captain W. H. Patterson of Portland is at
the Grand.
AY. T. Smith, a business man of Elko, Nevada,
is in town.
L. B. Seymour, a business man of Petaluma,
is at the Kuss.
Matthew W. Blanchard of Santa Paula is vis
iting the City.
J. W. Oatman of Sacramento is one of the re
cent arrivals here.
William 11. Redfcrn, a mine-owner of Weav
erville, is in the City.
James Vivian, a business and mining man of
Leadville, is at the Grand.
J. Todd, a business man of Buffalo, is
among the recent arrivals here.
K. K. Stevenot of Nevada has decided to
mate hi 9 home in San Francisco.
Robert Cameron Rogers, a wealthy business
man of Buffalo, N. V., is in the city.
W. Richardson, a mill-owner and lumber
manufacturer of Truckee, is at the Rusa,
H. G. W. Dinkelsplel has gone south on a
business trip, accompanied by Mrs. Dinkel
spiel.
Stephen V. Elliott of this City intends to take
an extensive trip through Calaveras County,
visiting Esmeralda, during the summer
months.
Louis Einstein, the wealthy resident of
Fresno, who is interested in banking, raisin
growing and other enterprises, is here on a
business trip.
T. \V. Enos, the banker of Tacoma, and C. L.
Heilig, manager of the Northwestern circuit of
theaters, are at the Palace, having returned
from a visit to Los Angeles.
John H. May, who was for four years Prose
cuting Attorney of Chicago, is among the re
cent arrival* at the Lick. He is on his way to
the City of Mexico and will remain there seve
ral weeks.
Hon. J. J. Brice, United States Fish Commis
sioner, has determined to establish a sub
hatchery on Eel River, near Sanhedrin
Heights, and will send an agent to inspect the
location socn.
A. D. Bowen. formerly one of the owners of
the Ventura Free Press, and for some time
past until lately, Interested in the Los Angeles
HeraM, was among yesterday's arrivals. He is
at the Occidental.
M. G. Tonini, the well-known Italian agent
of the Union Pacific Railroad, has returned
after a four months' Europeun visit. While
abroad Mr. Toniui spent most of his time in
Switzerland, France, Italy and Austria.
Colonel C. W. Griggs, principal owner in the
St. Paul and Tacoma Lumber Company, Ta
coma, ana for a number of years a cartner of
President James J. Hill of the Great Northern
Railroad in extensive railroad interests, is at
the Palace, accompanied by his daughter. They
have been visiting Southern California.
Maurice O'Connell, the old-time and wealthy
resident of Grass Valley, has been in the City
for the past few days. Mr. O'Connell is in
terested in gold mining there, as well as Dusi
ness, and he speaks enthusiastically of the
progress that is being made in the develop
ment of large bodies of ore. He has no doubt
that Grass Valley is one of the best districts in
California and believes that the town will
much increase in activity very soon. As it is
the district is thrifty. Mr. O'Connell left for
home yesterday.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., May 23,-At the Grand
Union— R. Hanford; St. Cloud— W. H. Wright-
Kverett— J. Patton ; Hoffman— M. Levy, L. s!
Sherman; Warwick— Miss L. Royce; St. Denis
— E. P. Slosson; Murray Hill— Mrs. Little, E.
McCarthy.
DO NOT GROW FROM THE SOIL
Chicago Post.
The craft of man has tound food products
which do not grow from the soil, and science,
no less than experiment, has approved their
utility. Long ago the golden scepter of butter
vi as wrested away by the mightier product of a
factory, with which neither farm nor creamery
could compete. Retorts yielded a culinary aid
that was better tnan lard, tkientiflc young
men produced jellies fairer In appearance tnan
that which came from natural fruit.
In meat production the margin of profit nar
rowed with the narrowing "range." As free
pastures disappeared with tne Territories to
make room for the States the price of beef
soared. Instantly that food product became the
target of inventive attempt. The inevitable
law of Commerce was obeyed. Big profits at
tracted big attempt and imitation meat fol
lowed imitation butter into the field— no, into
the mart.
For a long time potatoes held a place pe
culiarly tneir own; but tho main reason was
that potatoes could still, three years in five,
be cheaply produced. But the two uncertain
years would come, and the rapid rise in price
provoked attention. Experiment made short
work of the potato. A thing of starch and
water at the best, its combining was a simple
matter, and farmers hung up their hoes and
bought potatoes .it tho factory— ready for the
kitchen, and at a rate which undercut their
cheapest effort.
Corn was more complex, but it surrendered.
After all, what is it but a combination of chem
ical properties which could be found else
where? It was far less trouble to combine
them in a substitute for maize than to find the
light by which that substitute for maize might,
on winter evenings, tw inspected.
Bread products were matter of habit and tra
dition, dive t In; race a food which answered
all the requirements bread had supplied and
the race was too Intellectual to decline it.
Laboratories took the nlaca of fallow land.
PeMle and mortar were" as reaper and mill.
The hand skilled at combining and compound
ing wielded at once the executioner's ax by
which the head of the baker was sundered.
A thing of steel, with handle bars and
chain, elastic trrad and lamps-by-nlght had
pedaled buzzing past the horse, and a creature
which had served man well for ninety cen
turies limped useless away. And with him
went the fields which had maintained him.
No need for oats since this better than horse
did not eat them; nor of hay, since the ani
mal to which hay was one day a feast had
grown toy rart to eat it.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
If President Cleveland wants to write some
thing that will be read let him write a letter
declining a fourth nomination.— Minneapolis
Journal.
We are told that the country is drifting
toward Reed for Vice-Presiaent. Think of the
czar adorning the tail of a kite.— St. Louis Post-
Dispatch.
No man has caused as much excitement by
what he has said in American politics as Mc-
Kinley is causing to-day by what he does not
say.— Wichita Eagle.
Major McKinley would like very much to
offer the people who are clamoring for opin
ions on currency something equally as good as
tariff.— Washington Star.
IfMcKinley's record bothers nis enemies as
much after his uomination as before half of
them will be in lunatic asylums before the
November elections.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
A careful perusal of C«ar Reed's manual on
parliamentary tactics does not reveal any
feasible plan for preventing the Ohio Bill
from going through.— Chicago Tinitjn-iicrald.
Perhaps Mr. McKinley fee!- that he has a
right to remain silent on the financial ques
tion as long as Mr. Cleveland h,\< nothing to
say concerning the third term. -Washington
Post.
There is still one vacant , nco on the Na
tional Republican ticket. Ixju all speak at
once, gentlemen, but be sure you go early and
thus avoid the rush.— New York Mail and Ex-'
press.
The ticket of McKinley and Reed would
arouse Republican enthusiasm as no other
that has occurred to us would. It would be a
great ticket— and how it would sweep the
country I— Cincinnati Commercial Gazette.
"Old girl." said Mr. Matthew Bagnet of
Bleak House, "tell him my opinion." The
St. Louis convention is the old girl to whom
Major McKinley has delegated the responsi
bility of declaring his sentiments.— Boston
Herald.
If Joe Mauley has been right in his count of
the Reed delegates and General Grosvenor
has been right in his count of the McKinley
delegates t^he hall at St. Louis will be about
half big enough to accommodate the conven
tion.—Chicago Record.
It is probably true, as a New York paper
claims, that McKinley represents the tariff
idea of the "wild and woolly West." That's
the reason the Western farmers, who haven't
looked a sheep in the face for four years, are
all for McKinley. They want another woolly
tariff .— Cnicago Times-Herald.
LADY'S WAIST WITHOUT FITTED
LINING.
Dresses of washable fabrics are made after
very simple models, and, as in the one above,
often without alining. Wheu the elegance of
a silk lining Is desired, combined with the pos-
aibility of laundering the dress, a slip of colored
silk or a plain-fitted waist and skirt of silk are
worn, being made entirely separate.
Wash silks also make up well after such a
model. One of gray, with white stripes, had a
white ribbon collar. The round yoke was
made of white guipure over white china silk,
edged with a white ribbon laid in folds. A
white kid belt finished the waist. A daintier
or cooler looking gown for midsummer it
would be hard to find.
A dress of striped batiste had a yoke of em
broidered batiste. The collar and belt were
of turquolse-blue satin matching tuo stripe.
A plaid batiste had a yoke of very open era
braidery on batiste. The collar and belt were
of reseda green velvet, and a green silk under
waist was worn.
Very simple dresses of dimity are seen. One,
a rather light blue ground, with stripes and
spots of black, had a frill of black lace around
the yoke. This necessitates some work when
laundering is necessary, but it is repaid by the
stylishness of the combination. Black satin
stock collar and ribbon belt with a bow and
long ends worn a; the back.
A white dimity with exquisite natural-look
ing violets strewn on its surface had a yoke of
white embroidery. Violet-colored ribbons
formed trimming.
The waist is gathered both back and front to
a round yoke. The sleeves are puffs over a fit
ted under sleeve.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Miss Gushington— How did you feel when
you found that the ship would surely go down
in ten minutes?
Captain Salted— l felt for a life-preserver.—
Melbourne Times.
They stood, hand fondly clasped in hand,
Beneath the front porch awning-,
And laid "Good-night" In accents bland
Until It was good-morning.
, —Detroit Free Press.
"Now, Johnny, do you understand thor
oughly why I am going to whip you?"
"Yes'm. You're in bad humor this mornin',
an' you've got to lick some one before you'll
feel satisfied."— Harlem Life.
Passenger (on a branch line, to guard)— 3ay
why does the engine always set up such "a
piteous howl at this particular spot?
Quard-Ah it was here the engine-driver
first met his wife.— London Tit Bits.
Old Doctor-No, sir; I never have a patient
die on my hands— never.
Young Doctor— do you manage it !
Old Doctor-When I find a man is going to
die I get him to call a specialist. -Harlem Life!
"You can't keep a good man down," said the
proverb-loving boarder.
"Not," said the typewriter boarder, "unless
he has a seat in the car. Then you can't Ire
himnp."-Clnclnnatl Enquirer.
The new arrival (tared aghast,
'What do mine eyes behold?
St. Peter, are thosa bicycles
Upon the street* of gold?"
St. Peter conghed. "Ahem! my son.
Bicycling; Is no sin! „
They wouldn't come without their wheels.
And so— we let them In!" *
— s «w York TrlMin*.
Getting Serious.-JohnnteM Ma-Whut »r*
you home for so early? M
Johnnie— suspended me
Johnnies Ma— What for?
Johnnie-'Cause I said th ° BkooWr «h»ol * M
no good.
Johnnies Ma-But what's that got ***«™
your suspension?
Slcooter.-Cleveland Plain tt*m\t>t.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Emperor William Is purtteuUrly |M««|
card tricks.
William Black, th« novelUt, wm one* m
leader writer for too l^«tt,»i» «N*w»,
The Pope has wnulbuUdUlCHV) i«.w»r.' «he
construction of (ha Uvxy w«..i.»»iu«i«>i l*tti«
dral.
A. J. Ilallour tiM i>U,mt ;.i»*k.-.,., a.c m »v
amateur, his roles being those of Komeo and
Hamlet.
: Pederewski is so wearied , after his long
American tour that he has resolved to take
complete rest. V
Longfellow sold his early poems for a song,
but he lived to receive $4000 or $20 a line for
"The Hanging of the Crane," and when he died
he was worth $350,000.
The wife of Senator-elect Foraker of Ohio and
her three daughters are enthusiasts on the bi
cycle. They will take their wheels with them
to Washington when the Senator's official term
begins.
Mrs. Olney, wife of the Secretary of State, is
already weary of Washington life, and says
she will be glad to return to her Massachusetts
home at the expiration of her husband's
career in tho Cabinet.
Mme. Emma Nevada has had the misfortune
to lose a diamond and pearl shell of great value
at a soiree given in Paris by Mine Laborde.
The shell was presented to Mme. Nevada at her
debut at the Opera Comique. . and bore the
touching inscription, "Une Perle a Une Perle."
Gladstone, in a recent speech to a gathering
of his neighbors, said: "1 am a Scotchman by
blood; lam a Lancashireman by birth. lam
a kind of Londoner by living so long there. I
belong to most parts of the country, but my
wife, as most of you know, is a good Welsh
woman, and I think to a great extent has in
fected me."
At the booksellers' dinner in London the
other day, 8. R. Crockett told how he was re
cently introduced to a lady to whom his pro
fession was mentioned. "Mr. Crockett," she
said during the evening, "I hear you are an
author. Have you published any of your works
yet?" Mr. Crockett enjoyed telling the story,
though it was at his own expense-
Zangwill has raised a general laugh over
London by reviewing Hardy's "Jude, the Ob
scure," and Meredith's "An Amazing Mar
riage" in one article and referring to "Tho
Amazing Hady" and "Meredith, the Obscure."
Zangwill is very clever at these hits. It will
be remembered it was he who referred to Trilby
and Little Billie as the American Romeo and
Juliet. SJ2
California glace fruits, sOc lb. Towneend's.*
» — ♦ »
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
• — » »
Among the Kondeh people who live on
Lake Nyassa, in Africa, the favorite form
of suicide is to enter the water and allow
one's self to be devoured by a crocodile.
• — « — •
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street
• — ♦ — • — ._\ .
Scorpions are so numerous in Durango,
Mexico, that there is a bounty of 60 cents
(about half a crown) a hundred for them.
The persons who are legalized to Hunt
them are authorized to enter and search
private houses.
■ — » »
Don't forget big auction High Grade Bicycles,
844 Market, Monday, at 2 P. M. J. T. Terry,
> ♦ •
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art organ re
citals Sunday afternoons. Otto Fleissner, or
ganist. •
— — •
A burglar has confessed that dogs inter
fere with housebreaking, but babies are, of
all living creatures, most dreaded. No
sooner does a burglar get inside a house
than the infant wakes up, and that rouses
at least one sluniberer.
■ 1 ■ • — ♦ — •
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by tho Presj
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), Bio Montgomery. •
• — ♦ — »
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that Putzman & Schurman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
"Golden Gate" brand of Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391. •
» — •
Bismarck is only a strong man by fits and
starts now, and shows unmistakable signs of
his age, though his mental faculties are unim
paired. His worst foe is his neuralgia, and his
hardest battle is to keep his daily number of
pipes of tobacco down to a minimum.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED."
Via Union Pacific.
ONLY ■*> DAYS TO CUICAGO- ,iy.
4% DAYS TO NEW YOKK— 4%
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, dally without
change. Composite- buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions 'to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
• — ♦ — •
Low Ktttcs to Cleveland.
The Nobtesof the Mystic sbrine will meet at
Cleveland, June 23 and 24.
For this occasion the B. & O. K. R. Co. will tell
tickets at reduced rates from all points on its lines
west ot the Ohio Hivtr, for all trains of June 21
and 22, valid for return passage nntil June 26.
The fare from Chicago will be $8 60 and corre
spondingly low rates from all other points. Tickets
will also be on sale ac all points throughout the
West.
Theß.<tO. is the only line running Pullmsn
Sleeping Cars between Chicago and Cleveland.
For full information write to L. S. ALLEN", A.
G. P. A., Grand Central Passenger Station, Chi
cago, 111.
Stanford Excursion.
Join our Stanford Excursion, which leaves San
Francisco at 7 p. K. Thursday, the 28th lnst., via
Northern Pacific r.ailroad. Special cars, stopping
at the Yellowstone Park. T. K. Stateler. General
Agent, 633 Market street, San Francisco.
» ♦ — •
The fashionable ladies' corrective tonic is Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned South
American invigorator.
• — » — •
It afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. l<ru(cglsts tell It at 25 cents.
Watts— How much is Tedspat worth?
Potts— Really, 1 don't know. I did hear that
he brought §63 75 once when he was a dele
gate, but I don't think he was really worth it.
—Indianapolis Journal.
_^_ NEW TO-DAY. .
t^L** I*"* ¥ V
■ iH * ■* "*"*
dllb uiiiim lfrUrG
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Cups, Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7^o
each.
Decdtated Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
2.V Mch.
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 36c,
Table Tumblers p*t set, 20c, 25c, 30c.
DecoratM Pimi«vr{!#,, complete, 80 pieces,
*4 65 Arid $* 2\
Pecoratfsi Toilet Sot, complete, $1 65.
Richly Decor*tod Thin China Dinner Set
ol'lOO r>i«v<'«, $15.
~——AT——
Great American Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
Mi« ,M«iW«t at. 146 Ninth st.
.,. M.««ion M. aiS Third ft.
1,.. Mktll at. aooB Fillmore »t.
017 k. am, at. 005 Market at.
1410 IH>lk .-<. jooo Sixteenth at.
s •■ Montgomery •>«•. 104 Second st.
.1.1.1 »"«>•« at 3*59 Mission it.
Hi .Market at. (Headquarters), S. P.
■ 05.1 Washington •(. «i 6 H. Twelfth St.
IJi »•« Pablo ay*. 917 Broadway, Oakland
i's< Park M., AUretda.
% "Then» It (.<•• inn Nutshell."
r\ •>*! iiocl nn cniiiur. >ye have one to sell:
> >'U t «k o no ?lm»io<>B. h*c*US* we iruarante*
I'm IlKIM'tMiK* 0.4* AND Hanoi. ink Kx-
«»in*u limn «* ttmoily an a steam en-
sM\*". no tUiißrr. no engineer. Heud for
OatiOainN »i>.\ l*rlce Un to
Auiericnn Type Founders' Co.
4Ai-«0J Sausonm Ktr»ot.BOOKS AND BOOKENERS
MEN and women who delight in
what is known as genial in lit
erature can never get too much
of Olive* Wendell Holmes.
Whether it be something new
from his own pen or something new writ
ten about him by an observant friend or
an appreciative critic there is always a
welcome for it. For that reason the two
volumes of his "Life and Letters" by John
T. Morse Jr. will find a wide circleof read
ers ready to receive them with an eager ex
pectancy of delight.
The author prefaces his work with an
expression of fear that the reader will find
in them too much of memoir and too little
of correspondence. To this he pleads in
confession and avoidance the fact that to
Dr. Holmes' letter writing was an irksome
task and that except to Motley and to
Loweil during their absences in Europe he
very rarely wrote spontaneously in the way
of friendship. As a consequence there are
comparatively few of his letters of general
interest and he has left far less wheat for
those who glean after him than any other
eminent inerary man of his time.
Dr. Hoimes' judgment of the work of
biographers was not encouraging to those
who have undertaken the task for him.
In one of his pungent paragraphs he says:
"I should like to see any man's biography
with corrections and emendations t>v his
ghost. We don't know each other's
secrets quite so weli as we flatter ourselves
we do. '
This remark of Dr. Holmes must not
prejudice the reader against Mr. Morse's
work. While qf course it would be very
interesting to have the work subjected to
the corrections of a wit so subtle and so
penetrating as that of the ghost of the
Autocrat must be, yet ttie author has done
his task so weil and with such true sym- !
pathy with the subject operated on, I
nothing short of that ethereal wit can '
undertake to amend it. The work in fact
is in every respect a most worthy addi- •
tion to the literature of American
biography, and despite the author's
modest disclaimer of having nothing new
to tell, gives us a much better conception
than we have had before of what manner
of man Dr. Hoimes was.
It is a striking characteristic of Dr.
Holmes that while both as a medical and
as a literary man he devoted much study
to the subject of heredity he paid little at- |
tention to his own genealogy. He was as- !
siired that he came of the best New Eng- i
land stock and to him that was so sum- '
cient he cared not to concern himself I
about the matter any further. It appears j
from the records, however, that the rirst :
of his family to come to this country j
settled in Connecticut in 1686, and that
from that time on they held such posi- ■
tions in the community as to justify Dr.
Holmes in regarding himself as one of I
that aristocracy of blood, breeding and j
culture which in the last generation com
pletely dominated New England and still j
gives the tone and color to its society.
That Dr. Holmes was an aristocrat in ]
his thought and feelings is known to every
reader of his writings. As the Autocrat of
the Breakfast Table he says frankly : "1 go
for the man with family portraits against
the one with a 20-ceut daguerreotype
unless I find out that the latter is the bet
ter of the two. I go for the man who in
herits family traditions and the cumula
tive traditions of at least four or five
generations." Tnese feelings, however,
did not prevent him from recognizing the
better man with the2o-cent daguerreotype
wiien he found him. In a letter written in
1865, commenting on the changes in Bos
ton society produced by the fall of old
families and the rise of new ones, he says:
We have such cases here, some of them really
pleasant to. look upon as illustrating the fair
chance everybody runs here. " ,"who lived
with us seventeen years ago and whom you
have seen at PiltsfieM, has a house on Pink
ney street bard by and is now at ncr country
seat a few piles out of town. The sons of •
deceased citizen go to our fashionable assem
blies whose father I remember "a boy that
lived out." BB is AA in point of wealth and
stylish residence. You remember how he be
gan. I like it. 1 like to see worthless rich peo
ple have to yield their places to deserving
poor ones who, beginning with sixpence or
nothing, come out at last in Beacon street and
have the sun come into their windows all the
year round.
Another feature of Dr. Holmes' charac
ter, which was manifest in his life and is
portrayed vividly in his letters, was his
single-hearted devotion to Boston. In a
country where nearly half tue people re
move their residence from one State to
another and where nearly every one travels
more or less, he lived content where he
was brought up. He passed two years of
his youth in Europe studying medicine,
and in his old age he went there again for
three months, but otherwise he lived all
his years and almost all his days in or
near Boston. It was no exaggeration to
him to speak of the State House as the i
"Hub of the solar system." He was
doubtless proud of the great Republic that j
sti etched westward to the Pacific Ocean, j
but he regarded all of it west of Charles
River as being simply a background to
Boston and never at any time paid much
attention to it.
The letters begin with some written by
Holmes while a student *t Harvard to a
friend, Phineas Barnes, whom he had |
known at school at Andover. In one of
these he declares that he has changed but
little in becoming a Harvard man, and
goes on to say : "i wear my gills erect and
do not talk sentiment. I comb my hair
a little more carefully and button my
coat a little tighter. I smoke most de
voutly and sing most unmusically; have
written poetry for an annual. I am totally
undecided what to study— it will be law or
phy-'ic. for I cannot say I think the trade
of authorship quite adapted to this meri-
In another of these college letters, he
bitteriy laments the lack of female society
and draws no pleasant picture of the Cam
bridge girls of those days. He writes to
his friend:
If there was a girl in this neighborhood
whose blood ever rose above the freezing point,
i who ever dreamed of such a thing as opening
her lips without having her father and her
mother and all her little impish brothers and
sisters for her audience— nay, if there was even
a cherry-cheeked kitchen-girl to romance with
occasionally, it might possibly be endurable.
Nothing but vinegar - faced old maids and
drawing-room sentimentalists— nothing that
■ would do to write poetry to but the sylph of
the confectioner's counter — and sue, sweet
■ little Fanny , has left us to weep when we think
i of her departed smiles and her too fleeting Ice
cream. Ido believe I shall never be contented
until I get the undisputed mastery of a petti
coat. ;jj c-
The letters written from Paris show him
in a much more contented frame of mind.
They contain no laments of a lack of
female society, and are devoted to more
I serious themes. It would not be fair,
! however, to infer from this change that
the Parisian girls were more attractive :
than those of Cambridge. Some portion i
of the altered tone must be attributed to
: the fact that while the letters from Har
vard were written to a schoolmate those
from Paris were written to his parents. j
Among the interesting features of these '
| Parisian letters are passages which by |
showing what Holmes considered the nov
elties of life there give us an idea of what
he had been accustomed to in Boston. In
one of these letters, for example, he says :
Tne truth is I live in Paris just as if I had
been there all my life, and, indeed, I can
hardly conceive of anybody's living in any
other way, so completely have I naturalized
myself. It seems hideous to think of more
than two meals a day. Hot^could I ever have
dined at 2 o'clock? How could I ever have
put anything to my mouth bnt a silver fork?
How could I have survived dinner without a
napkin? • * • As for napkins and silver
forks, the most ordinary eating-house in Paris
considers them as indispensable, and !«o with
regard to many things which we consider as
luxuries they make a part of the ordinary ex
istence of the Parisian.
It is impossible to avoid drawing from
this the conclusion that in Holmes' youth
the Bostonians ate their beans with aknife
j and dispensed with . napkins except on
j state occasions. There was, nevertheless,
a very brainy race of men and women in
Boston at that time, and as we read their
: names in the letters that follow Holmes'
return to this country we are forced to
confess that the absence of napkins among
tne Bostonians of that day had at least
the good result of not permitting them to
hide their talents.
When Holmes returned he found the
intellect of New England agitated by a
zeal for the moral, mental and political
regeneration of man. A thousand reforms
I were advocated. Peace societies, anti
! slavery societies, temperance societies,
j woman's rights societies and societies for
the relief of the poor abounded. In these
! movements Holmes took no part, and a
i letter from Lowell upbraiding him for his
i indifference to reform and the betterment
1 of humanity drew from Holmes one of
the best letters in the volumes before us.
. The letter is too long and too meaty for an
adequate digest to be presented here, but
: the concluding passage sums it up thus:
I shall follow the bent of my natural
I thoughts, which grow more grave and tender,
or will do so, as the years creep over me. I
shall not be afraid of gayety more than of old,
I but I shall have more courage to be serious.
I Above all, I shall always be pleased rather to
show what is beautiful in life around me than
to be pitching into giant vices against which
the acrid pulpit and the corrosive newspaper
will always anticipate the gentle poet.
Each of us has his theory of life, of art, of his
own existence and relations. It is too much to
ask of you to enter fully into mine, but be
very well assured that it exists— that it has its
axioms, its intuitions, its connected beliefs, as
well as your own. Let me try to improve and
] please my fellow-men after my own lashion at
: present. When I come to your way of thinking j
j (this may happen) I hope I shall be found I
. worthy of a less qualified approbation than '
j you have felt constrained to give me at this |
1 time.
With this quotation, which gives a state
| ment of Dr. Holmes' philosophy of life
■ and shown at once his conception of his
relations to the world, and his broad and
kindly tolerance of all who differed from
him, we must close our review. It is hard
to lay the book aside. Dr. Holmes is so
charming a companion that over theee
letters one could spend a whole long sum
mer's day, and find no moment dull. .<■*■
Our object, however, has not been to
make a digest of the work, but only to
point out to those who love literature and
genial souls where they can find fields
and pastures new for their delight. In
these letters there is both pleasure and in
struction, and Dr. Holmes, who has
already won fame in the diverse fields of
poetry, criticism, romance and science,
will be known hereafter »ho as one of the
most accomplished and graceful of Ameri
can letter-writers. [For sale by Doxey
j 631 Market street.] John McNaught.
ONE HUNDRED TEAKS OF AMEKI
CAN COMMERCE.
This volume illustrates the dignity of labor,
the beneficence of liberty and the triumphs of
! invention. It is an epic on the marvels of in
: telligent work. The wonders of the material
i development of the most remarkable of the
centuries of recorded time are exhibited in
j this gallery of pen pictures.
It is in these words that Dr. Chauncey
' M. Depew introduces one of the most re
, markable works on American commerce
j that has appeared in this country, and of J
j which he is the nditor. The witty orator •
| and able financier confesses that the task
! has been a labor of love, and the reader is
j quite able to believe this statement. Mr.
j Depew further declares that nowhere else
can there be found such a comprehensive
: history of the commerce of America. And
! indeed it is unique, * comprehensive, reli-
I able and intensely interesting. Its origin
j came about in a peculiar manner. A year
| ago the New York Shipping and Commer
t cial List, the oldest commercial newspaper
: in this country, celebrated its centenary.
• To comra-morate this the idea was put
j forward of attempting a compact history j
of American commercial development.
The interest of prominent business men
was enlisted— among others that of Dr.
Depew and Governor Morton of New York.
The former gentleman undertook the edit
j She succeeds to perfection, and it almost
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
ing of the work and the latter to contribute
a sketch of American banking.
To further carry out the centennial idea
the history was divided into 100 chapters
each chapter being devoted to some im
portant branch of business or commercial
affairs. Each of the men who treat of
their particular business is an acknowl
edged authority in his particular line, weil
qualified to contribute the article desired.
The result is. as we have said, remarkable
and. to again quote the words of the
editor, "No one can rise from a perusal of
these papers without having an increased
admiration for the nineteenth century and
a most hopeful view or the twentieth!"
"One Hundred Years of American Com
merce" will fill a great want felt by the
business men, the professional men and
the youth of the United States. There is
nothing about it that is ephemeral. To
the first it will appeal for the reason that
it contains valuable suggestions gained
from the experience of men who have
been successful in trade. To the second
its importance arises from the same causes,
added to which is the acknowledged fact
that the more a professional man knows
of trade the more accomplished wi'l he be
in his particular study. And for the youth
of this country the work possesses excep
tional opportunities for the study of the
commercial interests of America, for it
will undoubtedly take its place as a stand
ard work of reference.
Typographically the book is all that
could be wished. It bears the imprint tof
D. O. Haynes <fc Co., New York, who are
represented in this City by John J. New
begin, 43 Flood building. '
AN ENGAGEMENT.
The name of Sir Robert Peel as author
of a story is enough in itself to awaken
curiosity in the character of the work, arid
when curiosity leads one to take up "An
Engagement" it is quite probable that the
story will be finished before the work is
laid down. Sir Robert, in the volume at
hand, tells a love story, and tells it ad
mirably. He begins by announcing the
engagement of Arnold Hopetoun and Miss
Bella Carstairs. Arnold is honestly in
love, and the young lady is supposed to
reciprocate his attachment. Their friends
wonder why they don't marry, as Miss
Carstairs is not well off and Arnold's
salary of five hundred a year will offer an
improvement in her position. Bella's
mother was as poor as a church mouse,
and, though the daughter was a beauty,
Mrs. Carstairs' means were so strait
ened that the girl's matrimonial prospects
were slim indeed. Arnold was an ardent
lover and eager to marry, but Bella was
tired of poverty and she preferred to wait
until Hopetoun's salary reached respecta
ble figures. For Bella's sake Arnold often
importuned his uncle. Lord Drillingham,
to obtain for him a promotion. Finally
the uncle secures for him a profitable post
in Canada, but Bella's mother draws the
line at what she considers exile to Canada.
Kate Drillingham, Arnold's coasin, visits
the Carstairs to urge them to consent to
the union of Bella and Arnold and a short
residence in Canada. She fails in her
mission, and is even treated with some
degree of haughtiness by Mrs. Carstairs.
Kate has heretofore sacrificed her own
feelings to aid the match between Arnold
and Bella. Now she forms a dislike to
Bella and resolves to win Arnold away.
She Half Spoke, Dreamily Gazing at the Cartoon With Glimmered E ye s.
[Reproduced from "Alida Craig."
breaks Hopetoun's heart to consider that |
he is still in honor bound by his engage
ment to Bella. Kate, furthermore, insists
that if Miss Carstairs holds him to the
engagement he must make good his
promise of marriage. Arnold goes to get
a decision from Bella, and is astonished to
receive a letter from her absolving him
from his engagement, and informing him
that Miss Carstairs has received a propo
sal from a man of wealth and position and
that it is to her interest to accept. And
so the flies who had flitted awhile aim
lessly in the web of Eros escaped from the
tangles after all, and Arnold marries Kat»>,
while Miss Carstairs is "engaged" to an
other. The latter doesn't marry, however.
The "Other's" family objected, and so she
signs herself still "Miss Carstairs," and
now looks upon Mrs. Hopetoun with
something suspiciously akin to envy. The
story hasn't an objectionable feature in it.
[New York: Frederick A. Stokes Com- j
pany. For saie by Hartwell, Mitchell <fc
Willis; price 50 cents.]
POLITICAL REVOLUTION OF 1860.
"Lincoln's Campaign, or the Political
Revolution of 1860," by Osborn H. Old
royd, is a book of particular interest on
the eve of the Presidential battle of 1896.
The political campaign of 1860 was one of
intense excitement, with its four tumult- j
uous and exciting conventions, each nomi
nating candidates for President and Vice-
President of the United States. The Re
publican candidates were Lincoln and
Hamlin. The Democratic party was split !
in twain — the Northern wing having as
candidates Douglas and Johnson, and the
Southern wing Breckinridge and Lane. !
Bell and Everett stood for the "Constitu- j
tional Union party." Mr. Oldroyd has
aimed to give a correct and impartial his
tory of these conventions, together with
their platforms. His material has been !
gathered from the New York Herald, i
Springfield (III.) Journal, and from other
authentic sources of information, and the
volume mates a useful reference book.
Many of the badges, medals, songs and
miscellaneous emblems of the Lincoln j
campaign of 1860 are reproduced, as illus- :
trative of the make-up of a Presidential I
canvass. The author remarks that the I
Republican convention which meets next
month in St. Louis will be similar to
that of 1860 in respect to the promi- i
nent men who will be candidates, i
In 1860 the men whose names !
were presented to the convention i
were: William H. Be ward of New York,
Abraham Lincoln of Illinois, Simon Came
ron of Pennsylvania. Edward Bates of
Missouri, Wiliiam L. Dayton of New Jer
sey, John L. McLean and Salmon P.
Chase, of Ohio. Nest month's convention
may have all or nearly all of the following
names brought before it: William Mc-
Kinlev of Ohio, Thomas B. Reed of
Maine, Levi^P. Morton of New York. Wil
liam B. Allison of lowa, Shelby M. Uullom
of Illinois. Matt S. Quay of Pennsylvania
and Charles F. Manderson of Nebraska.
Among the prominent Democrats whose
names may be presented before the Demo
cratic convention at Chicago in July are:
Grover Cleveland, John G. Carlisle of
Kentucky, William C. Whitney of
New York, David B. Hill of New
York, William E. Russell of Massa
chusetts, William R. Morrison of Illi
nois, Richard P. Bland of Missouri.
Of each of the fourteen Presidential
possibilities just mentioned the volume
contains a portrait and biography. There
are some seventy illustrations in the vol
ume, which has value in a historical
sense. The cloth-bound copy has on the
cover a special design of Lincoln's head
stamped in gold and surrounded by a
wreath. [Chicago: Laird & Lee, publish
ers ; price 75 centsj
COLD DISHES FOR HOT WEATHER.
With the summer season that is now
fairly upon us comes the problem of what
should be placed on the table during the
hot weather. The problem may, at least
in California, be termed a perennial one,
and it is as a probable aid to its solution that
this little book arrives. The well under
stood love of the American lor iced
victuals was happily hit off on one occa
sion by a French authority: "The Ameri
cans,"" said he, "eat and drink ice till they
get dyspepsia. Then they fall back on hot
water."
This fact notwithstanding the service of
food a fruid is one whicn is not well
enough understood in this country. The
work under review will therefore be wel
comed by the perplexed housewife, who
will find in its pages not only valuable
hints for hot weather cooking, but appe
tizing receipts for numerous additions to
the luncheon and supper table all the year
round.
The work of collection has been admir
ably prepared by Messrs. Ysaguirre and
La M area. [New York: Harper & Bros.
For sale in this City by A. M. Robertson,
Post street; price $I.]
THE CAVALIERS.
This is a historical novel dealing with
the stirring times of the Civil War in Eng
land during the reign of Charles I. The
facts upon which the story is based may
be found in "Green's History of the Eng
lish People."
The pen pictures of the Protector of
England are of peculiar interest. The plot
of the story takes up the adventures of
Thomas Duncombe, who Belonged to the
Royalist party. Sir Austin Leigh, of Beau
champ Hall, his father's nearest neighbor,
resolved to hold the hall against Crom
well's forces, and Duncombe rode to Ox
ford to get re-enforcements. On the trip
he had an opportunity of saving the life
of Cromwell." In Oxford he rescued Mary
Death from Lord Wilmot, but being badly
wounded was nursed back to health by
her. King Charles sent him to France
with confidential dispatches to the Queen
of England and to Cardinal Mazarin.
Upon his return, years after, he went to
Carisbrooke Castle, where King Charles
was a prisoner, as an agent of the Parlia
ment, but really in order to arrange for
the King's escape. There he found Melody
Leigh, the girl he loved, disguised as a
servant, and ready to help him. The at
tempt at escape failed and Duncombe was
taken to London for trial, but Cromwell
remembered the rescue and pardoned him.
It is to be hoped that much more of this
class of literature may be placed on tho
market during the coming season. The
extraordinary demand for works treating
of the life of Napoleon, which set in last
year, is evidence of the fact that from a
financial point of view publishers would do
well to handle matter of this kind. S.
R. Keightlev, the author of "The Cava
liers," will doubtless be heard from again
in this connection. [New York: Harper
& Bros. For sale in this City by A. M.
Robertson; price $1 50.]
ALIOA CRAIG.
Despite a conventionality of plot, which
is not atoned for by originality of treat
ment, this is a fairly well- written novel of
life in New York. Its author, Pauline
King, has taken the well-worn theme of
the love of a man for a married woman
years his senior; of his attraction toward
an artist— a bachelor maid— AHda Craig
by name, during the absence of his former
flame; of his struggles to keep "true" to
the love of his youth, married though
she is.
Philip Herford, a wealthy young bache
lor, is introduced to the reader as the hero
of the story. While at college he had
conceived a violent admiration for Mme.
Fremiet, the French actress, who in turn
is beloved of an English nobleman, the
Duke of Axminster. The husband of the
actress conveniently dies and the noble
man proposes marriage. He is rejected,
as Mme. Fremiet prefers the companion
ship of Herford.
Numerous personages are introduced,
with the apparent object cf instilling
humor into the plot, who have no bearing
on the tale. Among these is an illiterate
chorus girl, who, in addition to her stage
work, poses in her spare time for what she
terms "the nood." The story goes mer
rily along till the last chapter, in which, as
is right and proper, Herford marries Alida,
and the English nobleman Mme. Fremiet!
It might be well for the author in her
future work to avoid attaching the vast
quantity of sentiment to small matters,
which she does in "Alida Craig." A
couple of pages devoted to lingering
thoughts on a lady's glove and two or
three paragraphs to advertising dry-goods
firms and paper-makers appear to us as
somewhat out of. place. [New York:
George H. Richmond & Co.] .
SKETCHES OF WAR HISTORY.
This is volume 4 of papers treating of
the history of the war, prepared in con
formity with the rule of the Loyal Legion
Commandery of Ohio relating to his
torical papers. By the terms of this rule
it is provided that:
"The recorder (W. H. Chamberlin) shall !
solicit companions to prepare papers for
the commandery relating to their ex
periences and observations in the battles
' and campaigns of the late War of the Re
bellion, one of which shall be read at each
stated meeting, and he shall publish all
such papers."
The results of this general order, as
shown in the papers, are highly interest
ing. One sketch, by First Lieutenant A.
B. If ham of the Seventh Michigan Volun
teer Cavalry, is particularly noteworthy.
It is entitled "The Story of a Gunshot
Wound," and describes the sensations of
the writer while in the hospital. The
light it throws upon the sufferings of the
injured, especially during the "probing
for fragments" process, is a vivid one, ami
yet withal room is given to the humorous
end of the matter. Instance a letter writ
ten by Sergeant A to his mother,
wherein, after stating that his wounds are
a "mere nothing" (needless to say this is a
willful misrepresentation), the writer con
cludes, "Your affectionate son, A. P. S. —
If you could manage to send me a box of
grandmother's custard pies they would be
highly appreciated." [Cincinnati: The
Robert Clarke Company.]
MARK HEFJfRON.
■ , • - ""
This is a recent novel by Alice Ward
Bailey, published by the Messrs. Harper.
It treats of the adventures of Mark Heff
ron, who, in the opening chapters, is visit
j ing one of the numerous summer resorts
that make a specialty of combining outing
life with instruction of the "popular lec
ture'•' order.
At Beau Lieu House, the resort in ques
tion, he makes the acquaintance of a
young maid from Louisville, Eloiso I
! Gordon by name, whose object in staying
j there is. to deliver addresses on art. Of
: course the hero promptly falls in love
j with Miss Gordon, and the numerous set-
I backs, interruptions and checks which his
I affection receives are well described by the
■ author.
"Mark Heffron" is one of the best books
adapted for summer reading that we have
: seen this season. The character work is
I especially good, while the touches of local
coloring are applied with a master hand.
[New York: Harper & Brothers. For sale
by A. M. Robertson ; price $1 25.]
EXTRAORDINARY CASES.
Henry Lauren Clinton has collected a
; number of sketches of extraordinary cases
which have come before the American
courts from time to time. Scattered
I through the book are anecdotes of Judges,
i lawyers, journalists and well-known men.
All the cases cited are remarkable for the
widespread interest they aroused at the
time of their trial, and for the fierceness
of the legal battles they brought forth.
Very interesting is the opening chapter of
Mr. Clinton's work which exhibits to the
reader some of the peculiarities of legal
practice in the first hall of the century.
The ingenuity of legal talent in prepar
ing deft-uses is evidenced by the cases of
Proper and Cantor (chapter 8), and in
fighting matters involving human life in
those of Carnal and Grunzig.
The book is a very interesting and read
able one, possessing peculiar qualities
which recommend it to members of the
bench and bai. [New Yortc: Harper &
Bros. For sale in this City by A. M. Rob
ertson, Post street; price $2 50.]
THE FIVE.
This is the title of an odd little 40-page
parchment-covered book, the author of
which has not seen fit to let his name be
known to his possible host of readers. The
writer affects a colloquial style, something
like that of which John Kendrick Bangs
has recently hail a sort of monopoly. The
Cynic, the Respectable Man, the Poet, the
Humorist and the Socialist are "The
Five, " and the stories in which they figure
are "Through India," "The Telephone"
I and "In a Second-class Carriage." They
are worth while reading, too; light and
airy, and too short to be tiresome. [San
Francisco H. S. Crocker & Co. For sale
by A. M. Robertson; price 25 cents.]
CHRONICLES OF MARTIN HEWITT.
Arthur Morrison's "Chronicles of Martin
Hewitt" have been published in Apple
ton's Town and Country Library, No. 191.
This ia a popular edition of a work that
ranks high in literature of it kind. The
six detective stories- which make up the
I chronicles are: "The Ivy Cottage Mys
tery," "The Nicobar Bullion Case," "The
Halford Will Case," "Case of the Missing
Hand," "Case of Laker, Absconded," and
the "Case of the Lost Foreigner.' [New
York : D. Appleton & Co. For sale by
William Doxey; price 50 cents.]
OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES.
We loved him well, or gay, or sad.
In radiant prose, or verse hi* meter,
For when he smiled the world seemed glad,
And love and life grew sweeter.
Or did be Then so did we, '
A sympathy so close did bind us
In twinkling mirth Ills form we see
And all oui tears of him remind us. '
Perennial sunshine kept him sweet
And nestled warm within him—
No halo of a saint effete.
But heaven's own shining in him.
Then come, soft winds, and whispering tell
The world's refrain: we loved him well.
— Ellen Burns Sherman In New York Critic
CAMPFIRK STORIES.
Under this title a series of sketches of
the Union army in the Southwest is pub
lished, the author being Edward Ander
son, who, in the late war, was colonel of
the Twelfth Indiana Volunteer Cavalry.
The stories are such as have been told at
Grand Army campfires, and are a ming
ling of fun and pathos, comedy and
tragedy. There are thirty -one stories in
the volume of 203 pages, and the illustra
tions are numerous. [Chicago: Star Pub
lishing Company. Sold by booksellers;
price 25 cents.]
AFTER THE NIGHT HAD PASSED.
Ada C. Halstead has written a love story,
the principal scenes of which are laid in
California, in the vicinity of Santa Bar
bara. It is one of those happy summer
stories where everything comes in the end
just the way the reader wants it; where
vice is crushed after a season of seeming
victories, and virtue, having trodden a
thorny path, at length reaches a throne
and is blissfully triumphant. The author
ess has woven into her story a description
of a floral fete at Santa Barbara, and she
proves herself to be quite thoroughly Cali
fornian in her love for the varied scenery
of the Golden State. The story is illus
trated. [Chicago: Laird & Lee; price 25
cents:] ______
MEMOIRS OF A LITTLE GIRL.
An excellent juvenile story is "The
Memoirs of a" Little Girl," by Mrs. Edward
R. Johnes. It is replete with pleasing pic
tures of child's play, and the girl's view of
the actions of her eiders and of passing
events generally are interesting and amus
ing. The book is admirably well written.
[New York: Trans-Atlantic Publishing
Company; price 75 cents. J
SONGS FROM THE GREEK.
This is a little volume of "translations"
by Jane Minot Sedgwick. There are sixty
pages in the book and thirty songs. After
looking over a few of the songs one is
forced to the painful conclusion that they
"OUR GREAT ICEBERG MELTING AWAY."
A Cartoon From the Presidential Campaign of 1860, in Which the Rising Sun
of Abraham Lincoln Is Shown Melting the Coldness and Conservatism of
James Buchanan.
have suffered in the "translation." [New
York: George H. Richmond & Co., pub
lishers.]
LITERARY NOTES.
In the palace of the Shahs of Persia at
Teheran is a room bung with Gobelin
tapestry, and next to it is the library,
'filled with priceless MSS. Of all the
caligraphers Mir seems to be the most
famous, and his writing is valued at 2
tumaiis a line. At this rate the MSS. by
him in the Shah's possession must be
worth millions of dollars.
Messrs. Macmillan are to start in Lon
don a series of novels at a shilling, begin
ning with one by Theo Douglas entitled
"A Bride Elect."
John Murray (London) has published
another volume in the series relatrwg to
American women of the colonial and revo
lutionary times. The subject of it is
"Dolly" Madison, the wife of the Presi
dent of that name, and a woman of many
parts. She and her times— Martha Wash
ington called her "My dear Dolly" — are
written about by Mrs. Wilder Goodwin.
She belonged to .1 Virginia Quaker family,
and was a widow when Aaron Burr intro
duced her to Madison. Some of the char- j
actprs who come into the telling of the
story are Alexander Hamilton, Lafayette |
and Paul Joneß, and indeed the personal
note of the book all through is consider
able.
The Wet Dog, "a paper tor people with
money to burn." is the title of a new
weekly published by Dinsmore & Beal,
Boston. "It barks alike at the just and
unjust, merely for amusement; it kicks up
funny antics and bites all the unjust
within easy reach."
The memoirs of Bertrand Barere are to
be translated into English. Barere was
that notorious member of the committee
of public safety who was called by
Macaulay the greatest liar, debauchee,
coward and brute that ever lived. The !
memoirs are said to show that Macaulay :
was wrong.
The work, "Naval and Military i
Trophies," which Nimrao is publishing in
London, will illustrate some remarkable
personal relics. For instance William ;
Gibb's illustrations include the swords of '
Oliver Cromwell, John Hampden, Captain
Cook, General Wolfe and the great Duke
of Marlborongh. Other drawings show
the bullet that killed Nelson, the dirk he
used as a midshipman, the cocked hat and
sword that he wore at the battle of St. j
Vincent, and the maintruck of the French
flagship L'Orient. blown up at the Nile.
The plates will also represent the scarf j
used to lower the body of Sir John Moore i
into his grave at Corunna and the sword j
and scabbard found with the body of ,
Tippoo Suhib after Seringapatam. Neces
sary illustrations of several relics of the
Duke of Wellington are given.
John Lane promises at an early date a j
volume of verse which Dr. Garnett has
translated into English. Dr. Garnett's
volume consists of a hundred sonnets from
Dante, Pe:rarch and Canioens. He ar
ranges the Dante and Petrarch verse on the j
Dlan others have followed, but has had to
deal with that of Camoens without a prece
dent and so he groups it in what appears
to be the most natural sequence. He dedi
cates the volume to Professor Charles Eliot
Norton, the well-known American scholar.
The New Bohemian has recently under
gone a change of ownership and "its pres
ent managers will enlarge and improve it
until, they hope, it shall be a standard in
quality as well as size. The May num
ber has been increased sixteen pages and
as many more will be added to each issue
for several months. Two new departments
have been introduced — "The Passing
Show" and "The Borders of Bohemia,"
and more attention is also given to book
reviews and periodical notices.
A record, both comprehensive and accu
rate, of the world's progress during 1895 is
presented in "Appleton's Annual Cyclo
pedia." The contributions to science, the
inventions in industry, the events affect
ing the well-being of nations, are chronicled
with clearness and fairness. The annual,
in short, is an epitome of progress; as such
it has come to be welcomed by all who
wish to keep well informed. The last
volume, just issued, joins the preceding
ones in the series, adding to the vast store
of human knowledge the busy and. impor
tant record of 1895.
H. S. Stone & Co. of Chicago announce
for publication early in June a story
whose title is, "The Boy Called Checkers,
a Hard-luck Story." The author's name is
Henry M. Blossom Jr. Mr. Blossom, who
is a St. Louis man, is known as the author
of "The Documents in Evidence," that
clever little skit which was printed with
such ingenuity of plan.
The Stevenson fragment, to be published
in the June 15 Chap-boott. is entitled
"A Walk in Carrick and Galloway."
Zola's new volume, "Rome,"" is being
published by Macmillan & Co. The book
will be of interest to every student of re
ligious systems as giving an exceedingly
minute account of the inner life of the
heart of the Roman Catholic Church- the
Papal court. Its dignitaries, their ideals
and ambitions are clearly pictured and re
ligious questions of the day are fully dis
cussed. But it is far more than a merely
"religious novel"; it is a strong story of
keen rivalries, sure to satisfy those who
care more for human interest than the
discussion of theories. Two Cardinals of
the old and of the new schools are eager
for the tiara soon to slip from the head of
Leo XIII. Young men show themselves
either as the degenerate sons of old fam
ilies, or as the best hopes of young Italy.
There is a soldier from Garibaldi's army,
a scheming deputy, and, among the other
women in the story, two heroines, one at
least young, both very beautiful.
"Ice Work, Present and Past," is the
title of an important new volume in the
International Scientific Series by Dr. T. G.
Bonney, professor of geology at University j
College, London, which is to be published
shortly by D. Appleton & Co.
Two illustrated "articles in the forthcom
ing number of the Century are "Sargent
and His Painting," with special reference
to Mr. Sargent's work in the new Boston
Public .Library, and "Lights and Shadows
of the Aihambra," written by Mrs. Pen
nell, and with a great number of illustra
tions by Joseph Pennell.
A work with the title "The Gentle
Shakespeare: A Vindication," is being
published by the Roxburghe Press. The
author is John Pym Yeatman. One gath
ers from a prospectus of the book that it
has been compiled from original sources,
and from manuscripts never before pub
lished. Tlieae are described as Riving a
genealogical history of the poet's family,
from the time of King Edward 111, with
an account of the Arden and Griffin fami
lies, with wnich he was connected. The
vindication is an attempt to rescue Shake
speare's ancestry from the "false impres
sions created by his commentators."
"His College Life," a story by President
William De Witt Hyde of Bowdoin Col
lege, to be published in the June Scrib
ner's, will give an insight into the intel
lectaal and spiritual side of the life of an
average college boy who is intensely inter
ested, not only in the athletics, but also in
the social and studious pursuits of his col
lege.
Professor C. G. D. Roberts' new book,
"Earth's Enigmas," has gone through its
first edition, and a second edition is now
on the press or Lamson, Wolff e & Co. The
same firm has in press, a "History of Can
ada" and a book of poems, 'The Book of
the Native," by the same author.
Bret Harte is writing a serial for pub
lication in an English periodical, and
Henry James is writing a love story for
the Illustrated London News. It will be
gin in July and run fcr thirteen weeks.
Mr. James has ready for press a new vol
ume of stories, "Embarrassments."
t ;Lee's vest-pocket "Pointers for Busy
People" contains twenty thousand facts of
importance; the prominent events of his
tory—area, population, location and rulers
of all nations— States of the Union, popula
tion, area, capitals and cities of more tnan
10,000 inhabitants — all the largest cities of
the world, the great battles, chief rivers,
lakes, mountains, etc.. postal regulations,
rules of order, constitution of the United
States, lexicon of foreign, legal and tech
nical terms, Australian ballot system,
patent laws, telegraph cipher, etc". [Chi
cago: Laird <fe'Lee, publishers. Price 25
and .tO cents.]
McClure's Magazine for June will con
tain a dramatic and descriptive story of a
battle by Stephen Crane, the young author
whose wonderful study of war from the
standpoint of the private soldier, "The
Red Badge of Courage," is a literary suc
cess of the day. The story will bo illus
trated by Taber, whose pictures of soldiera
are always a good story in themselve*.
The same number will contain an early
story by Rudyard Kipling, reprinted by
special permission, and relating how
Mowgli, the wolf-child, introduced him
self into the society of white men; a rail
road story by Cy Wnrman, and a good in
stallment of Anthony Hope's new novel
"Phroso." All will be fully illustrated —
the Kipling story with eleven drawings by
W. A. 0. Pape. /
NEW TO-DAT.
Children who vibrate
all through their grow-
ing years between
health and sickness,
children who are paie
and peevish, thin and
weak, children who
never seem to grow
right, whose develop-
ment is retarded, whom
food does not seem to
nourish, should take
Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil and Hy-
pophosphites* It con-
tains the very essence
of nourishment most
needed when vitality is
low*
Consumptives find
new hope in it and thin
and emaciated adults
always gain flesh and
strength after taking it*
It is a pleasant and
oalatable food*
2324
THE THEATRES
WITH one exception last
week's performances of the
Daly Company must have j
left every one over the ten
der and susceptible age of |
sweet 16 -with the unsatisfied cravinp that j
comes after dining, not wisely but too well,
on ice cream, French bonbons and choco- ,
kite caramels. There is something abso
lutely saccharine about Franz yon Schon
than's comedies. For linked sweetness
long drawn out this distinguished German
dramatist could give pointers to The
Duchess, in whose novels, as every one
knows, the characters live, ana move, and
have their being solely to fall in love, and ;
kiss and bill and coo through three vol- j
umes and then win the heavy father's j
blessing and live happily ever afterward.
Tiie Daly week began with Franz yon
Schonthan, it continued with Franz yon
Sclionthan, and with the exception of the ;■
"School for Scandal" last night ended |
with Franz yon Schonthan. The arrange
ment made one think of a long dinner
of sweetmeats with a good substantial blow
out at the end.
Of course it is very delightful to see
whole families and communities, plunged
in a vortex of love-making; delightful to
dream through four acts that life is com
posed entirely of balls, kisses, bouquets, ;
amorous sighs and tender vows. In the •
world, as Franz yon Schonthan depicts it.
the young people have absolutely nothing
to do except to make love, and the parents
exist only to give or withhold their bless
ings. "The Last Word" is a good example
of Yon Schonthan's dramatic methods. |
There is the secretary, a hard man, who !
attempts to rule a daughter's heart, j
though from the middle of the first act ! '
every one in the audience is aware that
most of the interest in the play will lie in i
the means employed to make Him change
round, and, like Balaam, bless where tie
wanted to hurl maledictions. Harry, his
son, is marked as love's victim the mo- j
ment he makes his first entrance, and i
says he knows women from books. From
Cousin Modus downward every one who
knows women from books is doomed to
succumb to their wiles.
Professor Rutherell is a heavy father, in
troduced to give his blessing readily, as a ; .
heavy father should. He also forms a foil
to the contrariness of the secretary, Alex- i
ander Airey, the gentleman whose chronic
state it is to be in love and shower bou- '
quets with colored streamers on the ladies ,
who sojourn in his affections. He is finally
nailed in dead earnest by an artless little
thing, who confides to third parties that
she loves him. Boris Baraneff is the ro- j
mantic lover. Baron Stuy ye is the wicked ! :
ditto, Ada Kehan, as ihe Baroness Bara
neff, is a perfect matrimonial agency with
every one's love affairs, including her own,
on her hands. Faith is sentimentally and .
pathetically in love, and though the
dramatist refrains from mentioning it one
feels sure that Mile. Lida, the maid, flirts
desperately with Paul, the page. In such j
an atmosphere it would be resisting her j
natural destiny to do otherwise.
In short, as "The Last Word" depicts
life, Yon Schontnan does not see anything j
else in the world except the roseate tinge
of love. It is very touching to be shown
bo many souls with but a single thought,
but one cannot help wondering what will
become of all his dramatis personce when
they are married off or have enabled oth
ers to marry by blessing them. Like
Othello, their occupation will be gone.
If it had not been for the excellent act
ing of the Daly Company, the audience
would have been tempted to think more
than once of that motto which is impressed
on children's little minds when they are
wrestling with words of one syllable in !
their infant primers — "Sweets cloy."
Baldwin Theater.
The Daly Company will give their spec
tacular production of "Midsummer Night's
Dream" at the Baldwin Theater to-mor
row night. They achieved considerable
success with this work a few seasons ago
in New York ana afterward in London,
and ail their revivals of Shakespeare's
fairy drama have met with great popu
larity. The management states that none
of the special features, such as gorgeous
costumes, music, etc., which marked the
recent New York revival, are to be omit
ted in this City.
••Midsummer Night's Dream" will be
(riven on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
and Friday nights and at the Saturday
matinee, with the following cast :
Tneseus, Duke of Athens Geonje Clarke
X tie us. father of Hermia Edwin Varr-y
LysMder, in love with Hermia John Craig
Demetrius, beloved by Helena... Charles Kichnian
Philostraf, master of the snorts of Theseus...
•. . . . Hohart Bosworth
Quince, the carpenter, also representing Pro- ■
logue win Stevens
Hnug, tne joiner, who represents also Lion
Herbert Gresbam
Bottom, the weaver, who likewise represents
I'y ramus James Lewis
Flute, the bellows-mender, who repre>.mts
Thisbe, Kidney Herbert
Knout, the tinker, representing Wa 1 in the In
terlude W 111 lam Sampson
starveling, the tailor, also representing in the
Interlude Moonshine Robert shepherd
nippoilta. Queen of the Amazons, betrothed to
Thf-scus II ins Marie >t. John
Jif-rmm. Miss Sybil Carlisle
01 iron. King of the Fairies.... Miss ii el ma Nelson
Ti'.auia, Queen of the Fairies Miss .Maud Winter
A fairy attending on Tltanfa Miss Belle U'Arcy
Puck or Kobiu Ooodfellow, a fairy at tending on
in, ron Miss May Young
Singing Fairy Miss Jennie Lewis
. Dancing Fairies. ..Miss Converse and Miss Duncan
Fairies attending ( □ Oberon — Miss Bosworth,
Miss St. i lair, Miss Caverly, Mis* Carter, etc.
Fairies attending on Titan la * : . . Miss Craig,
Miss Athelston, Miss Katherlne White, etc.
Helena. Mlas Ada Kenan
"Countess Gucki" will be presented for
the last time on Thursday nieht ; the bill
for Saturday evening is" "Love on
Crutches," with Miss Kehan as Annis.
The third and last week will be devoted to
a number of revivals, including "Twelfth
Night,". "The Belle's Stratagem," "The
Honeymoon" and "The Taming of the
Shrew."
California Theater.
"A Trip to Chinatown" closes its en
l agement at the California Theater to
night. The company, with all its acces
sories, will sail for Australia on Thursday.
Julian Mitchell, stage director for Hoyt's
• plays, goes with tue production to the
.Antipodes.
Columbia Theater.
I Amy Lee and Frank Doane will continue
to present "Miss Harum Scaruin" at the
Columbia this weed. .New specialties will
be introduced.
The Frawley Company opens its season
at the Columbia on June 1, when the com
pany will present for the first time in this
City "The Two Escutcheons," a play from
the German, which was produced last
season at Daly's Theater in its English
dress. Tlit following people now com
pose the Frawley troupe: Daniel Frawley,
Frank Worthing. Maclyn Arbuckle, Harry
Corson Clarke, Wilson Enos, Charles
Wyngate, George W. Leslie, .Walter Clark
Bellows. Tyrone Power, F. C. Thompson,
[, S. Duffield, George Bosworth, Thomas
Phillips, Maxinie Elliott, Blancne L.
Bates, Hope Ross, Pbosa McAllister,
Margaret Craven, Lansing Rowan and
Gertrude Elliott.
It is stated that special attention is to be
paid to costumes, scenery, etc., during the
Frawley season.
Grand Opera-Honse.
Tne announced attraction for this thea
ter is John Stone's famous historical trag
edy, "Metamora," with Edmund K. Col
lier in the title role. It is the last week of
this actor's engagement, so that bis ad
mirers will no doubt co to h*ar the last of
him^remembering that "such an oppor
tunity may not occur again."
"Metamora," although so well-known a
play, has not been seen in this City for
many years. Collier is said to be at his
best as the fierce Wampanoag chief, and
there are several other roles of promise in
the cast.
The production will be handsomely
staged.
Tivoli Opera-Home.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin" will be continued,
with all its specialties, at the Tivoli till
further notice, It will be succeeded by
Dallinger's romantic opera, "Lorraine," a
production of which has been prom
for some time.
"Lorraine" will be made the occasion of
introducing to the San Francisco public
Miss Marie Millard, daughter of the late
Harrison B. Millard, a young iady who
sprang into sudden fame as a prima
donna of lieht opera last season in the
East. Miss Millard inherits a strong musi
cal talent from her father, and she is said
to possess a sweet well-trained voice and
to be a sympathetic actress. During the
late song-composer's residence in this
City his daughter was popular among his
musical friends, so that Miss Millard will
not come here a stranger.
The Tivoli is preparing a summer bur
lesque spectable, "A Trip to the Moon,"
and this will be followed by a season of
grand opera.
At the Orphenm.
The Orpheum will have a number of at
tractions this week, foremost among them
being Papinta, who has been surnamed
"Queen of the Myriad Dance." Some ar
dent New York critics have said that she
is La Loie Fuller multiplied by five. Bbc
has all the light effects that were shown in
Fuller's dancing spectacle. It is said that
one looking on Papinta's dance cannot
disabuse oneself of the impression that a
conflagration is raging among the skirts of
a wnole corps de ballet. The electrical
devices and stage appliances necessary to
presenting Papinta's act are intricate and
ingenious.
A character vocalist and comedienne;
Chalfont, Golden and Chalfont, comedi
ans, singers, whistlers and yodlers, and
McAvoy and May, burlesque dancers and
singing comedians. The funroakers, Le
Clair and Leslie, are also on the bill, and
this week will see the last of the popular
comedian, John W. Ransone.
• CHARITY OONCEET.
The Saturday Morning Orchestra Will Aid a
Worthy Object.
The history of the Saturday Morning
orchestra's good deeds is too well known
to need repetition, but the large sums of
money raised by these young ladies for
charity during the past four or five years
should not be forgotten by the public.
They have never retained anything for
their organization, but have always handed
over all of the net proceeds to the charities
benefited.
'• It is their vrish to maintain permanently
a bed in the Children's Hospital whicn is
to bear the name of the orchestra. They
offer an interesting and artistic programme
for next Thursday evening at Golden Gate
Hall. Many tickets have been sold, and
such interest is manifested in both social
and musical circles that a crowded house
and well-deserved success are Insured.
The following programme will be per
formed:
Overture, "Rayraonde" Thomas
Serenade Moszkowskl
Violin solo, seventh concerto (andante and
allegro) De Berlot
Miss Cbarlo te (irnenbagen.
Sons;, "Shadow Dance," ("Dlnorah")... Meyerbeer
Mrs. Oliver Perry Evans.
Overture, "Heniiramlae' ' Rossini
Duet, cornel and trombone ■.
The Misses Noble.
'Danse de» SultaneV Polak Daniels
Recitative and ana, "II Penseroso," (flute
obligato, fSlgnor Lombard!) Handel
Mr<. Oliver Perry Kvans.
"Wedding March." Mendelssohn
The list of patronesses includes: Mrs.
William M. Gwin Sr., Mrs. John F. Swift,
Mrs. John M. Cunningham, Mrs. M. ri.
de Young, Mrs. William Mrs. Ed
ward Martin, Mrs. Joseph L. Moody, Mrs.
J. Douglass Fry, Mrs. William Alvord,
Mrs. Louis Slos«, Mrs. John It. Burnett,
Mrs. Icnutz Steinhart, Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, Mrs. Isaac N. Walter, Mrs. L. L.
Baker. Mrs. Henry L. Dodge,. Mrs. Wil
lard B. Harrington, Mrs. John M. Chre
tien, Mrs. Horace Davis, Mrs. John D.
Tallant and Mrs. John. A. Darling, U. S. A.
Macdonough Theater.
Eddie Foy and his company will appear
at the Macdonbugh Theater, Oakland, in
"The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown"
on Monday evening, June 1. Ada Rcnan
and the Daly Company go to the Macdon
ough Theater as soon as their season at
the Baldwin ends. They will be followed
by Nat Goodwin.
Both Were Too Late.
When Charles Frohman contracted with
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
Mr. Hoyt last spring to produce a light
comedy at Hoyt's Theater in the fall, he
had the play in hand, but had not yet se
lected a title for it. Titles are not easy to
get. Some people imagine that a drama
tist begins work with a good title and
builds his play around it. This is not the
case. Most plays are written without any
thought of the name which is to be bestowed
upon it. The play is made first and the
title mvented^afterward. In this case Mr.
Frohman had a play which he had trans
planted from the French, but a free trans-
lation of the Paris title would have brought j
;ill the prudes in New York attoat his ears, i
Mo he had to get a title that would mean
something, that would suit tne stun-, and
that would still pasfl muster in a .Sunday
school crowd. While he was lookine for it
he signed the contract with Hoyt, and this
is the point at which the story begin".
N<>w Charles Hoyt has a ] artnor, Frank ;
McKee, and Mr. Frohman ha* for his gen
era] representative Alf Haynian. These i
gentlemen, with eyes widn open for their j
associates' interests, and keen for the best
dramatic material that was to be fount!,
met one day lost summer In Paris.
"What have you got on to-night, I
Frark? " asked Alf.
"Nothing in particular," answered
Frank. '-But they tell me the liveliest play ;
Paris has ever been is being done at the
N'ciivcuiite Theater and I was thinking of
Looking in there and taking a look at it."
"That's just what 1 wanted to talk to
you about," said Alf. "1 was coing to
go and see it. Tney say it's 380 degrees
above zero, and as I'm reeling a bit Trap
pay over here in Frogville, I thoueht I d
like to take it in. and get cheered up."
"I'll go you." responded McKee.
So that night they went to the Nouveaute
and saw "Hotel de Libre Exchange."
There were no librettos on sale, but they
hired an interpreter, and by this means
and with the aid of a couple of copies of
"First Lessons in French," they enjoyed j
the performance and had a good time gen- j
erally. It was a comedy in which a young j
married woman, with an out-at-night hus
band, tried to pet even with him by going
out with a friend of his for a jolly evening.
It was uproariously funny and decidedly
risque. Frank and'Ali were excitedly en
thusiastic over it. But neither said a
word. Later in the evening each hied him I
furtively to the cable office and sent a j
message to this side of the water. Frame
McKee cabled Hoyt what a irood thing it !
was, and Alf Hayrnan cabled Charles
Frohmrtn that it w;is just the play for him
to get to put into lluyt'b Theater.
The replies they got floored them. |
Frohman a cable read like this.
Alf Hat/man, Paris : I know ''Hotel de Libre
Exchange" is a good thing. I booked It for
Hoyt's two months ago. Glad to s'.-e you in
dorse my judgment. KI'.OHMAN.
The fact of the matter is that "Hotel de
Libre Exchange" was the play which
Charles Frohman had taken Hoyt's Thea
ter for, but for which he hart found no
name. Later on he selected the title,
"The Gay Parisians," under which the
comedy was produced at Hoyt's, where it
ran for over 150 nights to immense busi
ness.
Wale* Admirea Kainea.
The Prince of Wales, besides being a
well-bred gentleman, is also an excellent
critic of music. At the Ghiselle perform
ance in Monte Carlo a few weeks ago he
: met Juhan Story in the lobby of the opera
| house.
"Say to your wife, Mme. Eames," re
i marked the Prince, "that she never looked
j more beautiful nor has she sune more
brilliantly— but the music is Heavy, is it
not?"
Evidently bis royalty of Galles is no
lover of the abstruse sound weavings of
Cesar Franck. Before he left Nice he pave
Story a commission for his portrait, which
the painter will execute during the Lon
don season.
Monsieur de Paris.
As a curtain-raiser for "The Chili
Widow," which has been running for
nearly 300 nights at the London Royalty
Theater, is used a one-act play which has
j taken London by storm. It is called "Mon
sieur de Paris," and described as a tragedy
in a nutshell. The daughter of an execu
tioner at Pariß,jeered at by her companions,
loathed by her neighbors, and bearing on
an innocent breast the crime of her father's
accursed trade, at la-t rinds on- man to
cive her the love that he .h. But when
this lover finds out wtio the maiden is, he
is about leaving her. an 1 in a frenzy of de
spair sh > stabs liimdead. With her splendid
mass of red hair, c ntn-tiiiT a-raHst
her pale, milk-white face, Miss Van
brogh is spoken of as a pre-Raphaelite
picture, whic:., moved with the opening |
bars of the romance, and when the tem
pest of the play comes with the passion- ■
ate appeal to the sensitive lover, carries
the audience to the realms of genuine
I passion. This little play will be used by
ICr. Arthur Bourchier during his Ameri
can tour with "The Chili Widow," which .
begins at the Garden Theater, New York, (
in November.
••On the Dead Make."
Some one who knows Duse intimately
rays that she is by no means the difficult,
capricious woman pictured by the news
; papers- £he is the most generous of art- j
ists, and a needy countryman has her ear
and her purse at the same time.
And she loves money and is a shrewd j
business woman, and I suppose this will
! disappoint tome of her admirers who
j fancy that genius never flirts with the box
i oilice. Wh:it about the scarlet skull of
I Paddywhiskers and the coquettish glances
I he exchanged with |7000 houses?
They are all alike, my dear friends,
: the-e artists who visit us and rave abont
j the scenery and the delicate political con
! science of the Nation. They are all alike,
! from Poland to Italy, from London to
Jerusalem. They are "on what is techni
cally called "the dead make," and you
can't blame them.
Dramatic Brevities.
The Bostonians have a London season in
' contemplation.
Jennie Yeamans has begun suit for di- j
vorce from her husband, Charles B. Dill- i
ingham.
Julia Marlowe will have her new play
ready for presentation early next season.
The only light operatic organization of
note announced to come to the coast this
yenr is the Delia Fox Company.
Nat C. Goodwin will follow Ada Rehan
at the Baldwin Theater. He will begin
his engagement with "In Mlzzoura."
It is said the theatrical business is ex
cellent in the British Columbia gold fields
arid along the Canadian Pacific Railway.
Gold is plentiful and the miners spend it
freely.
It may be that Georgie Cay van will next
season use a play by Sarah Bernhardt in
j which a woman tries to win the love of
! her sister's husband.
A new kind of entertainment has re
cently come into vocue. It is reading a
story or a play, and at the same time
illustrating it by means of photographs
thrown on a screen.
Jean de Reszke is to marry the Countess
j de Goulaine July 15. and farewell, Jean, to
your triumphs, for a married tenor in New
York is shorn of half his splendors.
The London critics speak very favorably
of Henry Arthur Jones' new play, "The
I Rogue's Comedy." It will be brought to
this country next season by E. S. Willard.
who is at present appearing in it in
London.
Nordica is wheeling every day; so is
Melba, and Klafsky says she is to get a
wheel this summer, for she is piqued at
the remarks in the press abont her size;
"Ich bin nieht so large," she pathetic
ally remarked to a friend at the opera
house.
The success of semi-religious melodrama
I in London has convinced some theatrical
speculators that the time has come for the
production of the "Passion Play" in that
city, and it is said that the Lord Chamber
, lain is to be approached on the subject.
Rose Coghlin has concluded by cable a
contract with Max O'Kell, by which she
will next season present a new play by
him, called "Heartsease." It will first be
produced in London by Forbes Robertson
and Mrs. Patrick Campbell, and will have
its original hearing In this country next
November. It deals with the higher
! I Bohemian life of Paris.
"A purely domestic matter started me as
I wheelwoman, "said Lilian Russell recently.
. ! "My sister had dyspepsia and tfas irritable
and a bother to herself and she got a
wheel. The result was so charming that I
went straightway and did likewise. No, 1
i | didn't have dyspepsia, but I reasoned that
. I what would cure a sick woman and make
. her as jolly as a grig wouldn't be a bad
( thing for anybody to take a turn at."
Since the distinguished Bridge-Jumper
Brodie has written a play, "Strangled on
Sunday; or, a Tale of the Tenement," a
move has been made to introduce him as a
member to the Dramatists' Club. It is
understood, however, that he demurs on
the plea of already belonging to the Demo
cratic Club, which is, in his opinion, bad
enough for a pure-minded young dram
atist, Who has always been protected from
evil influences within the shelter of his
own saloon on the Bowery.
Kelley vs. Sullivan.
"I wonder," says a writer in the Musi
cal Courier, "if Sir Henry has heard of
Edgar Kelley's music to 'Macbeth.' It was
played when McKee Rankin produced the
work some years* ago in Brooklyn. It is
far superior to Sir Arthur Sullivan's and
its faded reminiscences of Mendelssonn.
The Gaelic march is a fine, characteristic
bit of writing. I sincerely hope Mr.
Irving will secure Mr. Kelley's music.
The Sullivan music is weak and flavor
less."
STOLE A PITCHFORK.
i Walter Danehy Arrested for Stealing
From Houses in the Richmond
District.
Walter Danehy, 18 years of ape. was
booked at the City Prison yesterday morn
ing by Policemen A. J. Daley and George
Brown on the charge of petty larceny.
For some weeks complaints have been
received by the police from residents in
the Richmond district of articles being
stolen from their premises, and Daley and
Brown kept a anarp lookout for the thief
or thieves. Suspicion fell upon Danehy
and a companion, and Friday night
Danehy was arrested. A currycomb,
pitchfork, pair of scales and other articles
were found in his house, which will be
used be evidence against him.
The thieves stole a lot of tools from a
new building on Fairy street. They also
stole the currycomb, pitchfork and scales
from Burns & Waterhouse's stable* at the
Bay District track, and a ueniijobn of
whisky and other liquor from the store of
>red Mandery, 600 Point Lobos road.
Danehy attended the Hamilton Grammar
School at nights and kept the other boys
supplied with whisky stolen from Man
dery. It was this that Jed to his arrest.
• — ♦ »
OREGON SHORT LINE OFFICIALS.
They Si>en<l Two *VeekH In Exsmlning
the Kuatl.
Samuel Carr of Boston, chairman of the
reorganization committee of the Oregon
Short Line part of the Union Pacific sys
tem, and H. G. Nichols of the same city,
counsel for the reorganization committee,
are among the arrivals at the Palace.
They had come down from Portland
whither they went from Green River, and
have been spending a little time seeing
the sights here.
'We have been for two weeks looking
over the Short Line property," said Attor
ney Nichols. "The road is in very good
condition. We moved over it slowly and
examined it carefully. Can I say any
thing about the future of the road? WelL
that is not yet decided. There was no one
with us except E. J. Coolidge Jr. of
Boston. We left him in Portland."
The gentlemen left for the East last
evening.
Nearly 2500 convicts are annually dis
charged on ticket-of-leave in Eneland.
NEW TO-PAY.
Jackets,
Dresses,
Wash
Waists==
Just what you're
Vv^s looking for. Our
&&!pf strong: argument
Is that you get
.^r^s^ them just a little
f^^/\\\ cheaper of us
pfijtj^ kx^il &7 than elsewnere «
"^^y^W^S Perfection of
jit iVi style and work-
/yf Ss <J Ii) manship at the
'/ prices of poorer
sorts.
jackeFspecial.
AN man JACKETS-Flne highly
finished cloth that will no: spot in
the rain— box- front reefers— pearl
buttons— stylish sleeves. Reduced (JJJ'7'OO
from 811 to <D •
READY-TO-WEAR DRESSES.
STYLISH MIXED CHEVIOT PRKSS-
S— Tailor made— fly-front jackets- ■ .
wide skirts— rust:* linings— «t less
than material to make them would
cost you. Very special price on©l A.OO
these t!P IV
HEAVY SERGE DRESSES— Tailor-
made— reefer jackets— wide skirts —
navy or black— up to date in every
way— would cost 918 made by aQ"in.r>O
dressmaker.' Our price tjp A^i ——
SHIRT WAIST SALE.
The oold weather experienced so far this season
!ias been against shirt waist selling, therefore we
nnd ourselves heavily overstocked. Warm
j weather Is coralnir— now is the time that you want
them. If you need them at all you cannot afford
to over'ook this offering—
fink gOFT - FINISH percale cac
WAISTS— IOO patterns to choose O\J
from— a bargain at 75c. Your choice Each
EXTRA FINE PERCALE WAISTS— 7-0
solid colors— tan, pink or blue, piped i O
with white— all sizes. Yonr choice.. Each
FINEST PERSIAN PATTERN PER-
CALE WAISTS— Latest style-
white separable collars— sold every- <2»"1.25
where for $_'. Our price this sale...' OJ-
SEPARATE SKIRTS.
i SPECIAL SEPARATE SKIRTS— Kx-
. tra wide— lined with stiff rustling
llnlnsrs— material fine figured mo-
hairs— will fit and hang perfectly —
regular at $ &. Our special price this Q. 50
week , »JpO —
KELLY &~LIEBES,
I2i KEARNY STREET. ,
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS. ~-
O'Faxrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell.
"Wools, of IVHonaay, TVLn-y as,
AN UNPRECEDENTED LIST OF NOVELTIES! —
The Very Latest Sensations of: Europe and America.
THE REIGNING B-— Engaged at a Salary
QUEEN OF THE ,* I 8888 per Week. ■
•'MYRIAD DANCE." $1000 per Week.
I PAP j^KTTAII
Direct from a Year's ■B B The most Ingenious
-f i r,v,-.i d..^. i^ 1 and Sensational Elec-
Triumphal Run In * trlcal Effects Ever
New York. ,/T^r. Scan In ban Francisco
McAVOY AND MAY,
Grotesque Comedians and Dancers.
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND,
America's Popular Vocalist and Comedienne.
GOLDEN, CHALFONT & GOLDEN,
Singers, Comedians, Whistlers and Yodlers, ■
And the Greatest Vaudeville Company in America.
MATINEE TO=DAY (SUNDAY), MAY 24.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c: Children, 10c, any part.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
1 Baldwin 1 BSfff 7 25th, 2d Week,
~"— — — ""— — — — "■ MISS
ADA REHAN,
Under the management of MR. ATJGUSTIN' DALY.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday nights and Saturday matinee, an elaborate production of
; . Shakespeare's poetic comedy,
i a Midsummer night's dream,"
With the sumptuous accessories used In the productions at Daly's Theaters in New York and Londoa>
Special — Thursday evening, by request, positively last time,
THE COUNTESS GUCKA."
Saturday 1 evening, only time,
LOVE ON CRUTCHES."
Third week— Monday and Wednesday evenings, "Twelfth Night"; Tuesday evening and Wednes-
i day matinee, "School for Scandal"; Thursday, double bill, -'Belle's Stratagem" and "The Honey-
I moon": Friday and Saturday nights and Saturday matinee, "faming of the Shrew."
• Seats now selling for all remaining performance*.
I PaAm&iA I TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY) LAST TIME,
| vALIFORNIA Hoyt's Merriest Skit,
"A TRIP TO CHINATOWN,"
With HARRY CONOR and the cast selected for tne Australian tour.
Note: Beginning to-morrow (Monday May, *J6). the California Theater ill be closed for a period
1 of three (3) weeks, reopening JIuNDAV, JUNK 15, with a powerful stock company in a brilliant.
[ repertoire of Kostern successes.
-~ MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
I The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
. WALTER 4IOROSCO Sole Lessee aai Maaa?«r
TO-MORROW EVENING - MONDAY, MAY 25.
POSITIVELY FAREWELL WEEK OF AMERICA'S LEADING TRAGEDIAN
EiiD^nxjisrnD XI. collier,
! ' . ' Supported by a Select Cast from oar Own Company,
i H>T tech: T3HCDEI-lljljl3>T<3r Z3HAMA,
METAMORA!
In the title role or this great play Mr. Collier uses a sralping-knife formerly
! owned by the illustrious Kdwin Forrest, to whom it was presented by "Black
Hawk," the formidable Seminole chief.
I OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
0 0 f» tf*o —I- | TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
' tU^wIiMmYLAj l(^Y«\£(\\fiC£ Mm. EBXMTxxBKBKMira, Proprietor dtaianarM
'j^c^oLßtoTTLOD lc^ki k^*^* Crowds at Each Performance to See
; |t A The Regal Operatic Production of
Positive — *~*~>~~~+*-~>~*~*<^>
' oXx.*.——^* " UiVCLE TOM'S CABl"
Owing to the tremenaons success of IllJif' 111 II \ I llkll
"HISS HARM SCARUM ! M — ~ — :
. ~~~~ I A SPECTACLE OF SUMPTUOUS
The play will De continue! for another week. SPLENDOR
Commencing To-Morrow Night.
Entire new Specialties, Songs and Dances by
AMY LEE and FRANK DOANE. secure your seats well in
One round of laughter from start to finish. ADVANCE.
Reserved Seats— 2sc. 500 and 7 sc.
Next Monday— The Frawley Company. i Popular Prices— and sOc.
- I __ __
SHOOT THE CHUTES queen victoria's birthday.
A banquet in honor of the day will be held at the
-JL :■>• ■..■'", ■!•. _ .. Palace Hotel, under the auspices of the British
Open To-Day From 10 A. H. to 11 P. H. > g^i^VS?"^ SSSTfo o Z£°Z£fii
■ . . , . _ ■ . . procured at Doxey's, under the Palace Hotel.
Balloon Ascension and Parachute I RRv. w. W. BOLTO.v. Hon. **•<•.
Drop at 4:30 P. M. PICNICS AJfP _ EXCPRSIOys. _ _~
?| T_.E3lT_,^. POSTPONED!
A T*> T"F? ! 0N ACCOUNT OF RAIN THE PICNIC
The Most Daring Woman on Earth! UNION PRINTERS
— MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
, ADMISSION lOC | . TO BE HELD
CHILDREN, including merry-go-round 5c A OLENWOOD PARK—
! — — — — — Santa Cruz Mountains,
r-,,-r-r-»^ _._..«« THURSDAY...... MAT 21, 1896
SUTRO BATHS. HAS been POSTPONED to
Tla.ta.raici.o-3r. 3Vr«,y 28.
T>OTff"T« TvrT«« Tickets Issued for May 21st will be good for May
"*"" rv- j:%l "■■ I * 9 ** 28th. Konnd trip, $1.00.
The Swimming Championship Meeting! 20T h annual picnic
SATURDAY AUKKN'OOS AND Uln ANNUAL HIUNIU
I EVENING AND SUNDAY of the
afternoon, Fishermen's Benevolent Association,
May 23 and 24. A. FRANCOVICH, President, ViV :'■
EXCITING CONTKSTS OF Vvlll. AND will he held at
SPEED. HARBOR VIEW PARK, PRESIDIO,
GRACEFUL AND DARING TRAPEZE Valuable ptafto Da nfflld.' The celebrated
1- LYING. ! greasy-pole contest will take place between 2 and
' HIGH AND FANCY DIVING ' |3 P. M.; prize of same, $20 in gold.
By Celebrated Professionals and Ama- MUSIC BY THE ITALIAN BAND.
teurs. ADMISSION— TICKETS 26 CENT*,
_____ Children under 12 years free.
» GENERAL ADMISSION— The association will leave at 10 a. ii. from 626
■ Adults, 1O Cents. Children, 5 Cents. Broadway. TUB COaiMITTEg.
, TESTIMONIAL CONCERT _*#C!33»to (iEffiaß^.
1 Last appearance of the pianist before his depar- fSllj 3l| 3I»T %*[| Hf-lkf
turf for Kurop<- under the auspices ot %& ±U9fitfr VMHM««ga/
ASSOCIATION ■ AUDITORIUM. *Urn. -w**-r
i Eillsand Mason Streets. #Tr^ir?MY^k\
Tuesday Evening, May C, 1896. • | *»/Il\n I ***
Admission. 75 Cents. T 9 THE VERY Bt>l ONE TO EXAMrSS
, — — X year eyes and tit tnem to Spectacles and Kye-
_ .-.._,,-..■ glasses with instruments of hi* own invention,
RACING! RACING! RACING whose superiority has not been equaled. My goo
_ . , _ . | cess has been due to the merits of my work.
* J oWSLJ*^ fc 1 * is"*. Ullice Uoura-1-J to ip. v.
■rlr i^\i ,_ gr» Chleheitert Kn.U.h DltKoad Hr.nl
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. i ENHYROYAL PILLS
D —-WINTER MEETING |>^L Orl«lii»l«i.d O.ly Cwintae. A
Beginning Thursday, May 14ih, /i77rls\ rc> , *" W4J> ' lllble i*?,'? s _'! ik n\
_ _ ,' DAY UIbTRICrTRACK. Brand in K«4 and Cold tueUillie^U^
D Racing Monday, Tuesday, .Wednesday, Thursday. *&v --CM|«>9N>x«>. >rai*d with bine ribbon. Tak* Vy
- Friday and Saturday. Kiln or Shine. 1»1 *^ WvJno other. RtfuM* dangtrout mbttifi. ▼
i'lVh. OK MOKE RACES KACII DAY. I / ~ fV tioni rnndimUatiom. Aioran»ta.«rMod4«.
Races start at a :00 p. M. sharp. ISi « l l f re'°' l^a Hl""ik tS't^^L^*
McAllister and Uear>- street cars pass the ate A Y Pm^ i«MMM^rV.'^,i?." jf2lTs£*
becretary. President. MAtoailtoesiDruuUu. ..- FailaS^,^
■ • - ' ■ ■ . :-■■! -- ■•-, -■■;- . ""YOU have all shown so much inter
est in and love for the California
poppy that I know you will enjoy
hearing that in a recent floral dis
play there were some beautiful
pure white specimens on exhibition.
These particular ones had been cultivated
for two years, but the original plants were
found growing wild on the Monterey road,
in Santa Clara County.
. And- now a word or two, my little corre
spondents. Be more careful about your
writing and your spelling and try to tell
only what is interesting to others in your
letters. X: .;;
The word hunt was fine, wasn't it?
Up-to-date Joe Butler found 112 words
in the simple name Gladstone.
Some one wishes to know if any kind of
a story may Be written for "In Cnildhood's
Realm."
Only stories interesting to children and
written in pure, simple English are ac
ceptable.
A Coming Voter.
My sister Alice Is "advanced."
1 tbinlc :1a y call it that.
For when she sits in meeting
She never wears a bat.
Aunt Susan Is her Idol
As all the world can see,
.For she says that she is wirking
To set the women free.
She says that little girls should be
Allowed to romp and play,
Just as their creat bin brothers do,
• . Throughout the livelong day.
1 know Aunt Susan wouldn't care
If 1 should climb a fence.
But I know that she would call me
A little girl of sense.
And though I've never seen her
1 know she's good and smart,
And though she may be old in years '
.-he's still a girl at heart.
• C'oexie L. Barti.ktt.
riiK sM;i:riN<; BEAUTY
The Fersiau Version of the Old Fairy
Tale.
A Persian woman of culture thus related
the old legend of the "Sleeping Beauty,"
as an old household servant was wont to
tell it to the children : Once upon a time
there was a king who wished to appoint
HOUSE.
"Come, come, we must hurry!" Dame Nature cries
When the days grow long and the last snow flies.
"The house is really in such a state,
The maids must work both early and late.
There's company coming ; for summer — the dear ! —
Her usual visit will make this year,
And fit for her bonny bright eyes to see,
In apple-pie order the house must be."
Then first comes March, with a brisk, new broom
And a smart rattan for whipping.
Her whistle's as clear as a blackbird's trill;
She beats and shakes with a right good will;
She brushes the webs from the ceiling high;
She sweeps the nooks and the corners dry
Till the dustclouds whirl and the dead leaves fly;
And she answers the querulous passer-by
With a tongue both pert and nipping.
April next to the clean-swept room
With mop and pail comes skipping.
Her skirts tucked up from her ankles neat,
A rainbow smile in her dimples sweet,
She follows her sister—spatter and splash!
Wherever she pauses the big drops dash
Till the house is shining from sill to sash,
And the windows bright in the sunshine flash,
And the very walls are dripping!
Last of all, with her cheeks a-bloom,
Sweet May comes daintily tripping.
She spreads the carpets of dazzling sheen,
She hangs the curtains of leafy green.
A touch of her fingers, deft and fair,
And* never a nook or a niche is bare.
She sprinkles with perfume all the air
And sets her flower-bowls everywhere
With buds of the freshest clipping.
Now we are ready!" the housewife cries,
"The maids may rest till the next snow flies!"
And fresher and fairer than ever before
The house will sparkle from ceiling to floor,
hen summer knocks at the good dame's door.
Margaret Johnson In St. Nicholas.
IN CHILDHOOD'S
REALM
] one of his three sons as his heir. He sum
i raoned his grand vizier into bis presence
! so as to consult him on this important
' qnestion. They decided to watch the
j princes for a year and judge them accord
ing to each one's conduct. One day at the
' beginning of the year the three proposed
to go out hunting. After some time the
eldest, Prince Abdullah, shot a lion, and,
feeling tired, returned home. Prince
j Housen, the second, shot a bear, and, as
i he was satisfied with his day's hunting,
I returned to the palace. The youngest.
| Prince Akbar, spied a gazelle, and pur
| sued it. He was soon lost sight of. His
I followers, who, after waiting a long time
for their master, and having looked every
, wher«» for him, decided to return and tell
1 his father tiie sad news.
The king was very much grieved at los
ing his youngest and dearest son. He
[ sent many soldiers and men to search the
i grounds where the prince had been se,en
last, but without success, for nobody could
find any trace of him, and at last the king
' cave up the idea in despair, feeling sure
that he would never see his favorite child
alive again. The prince, meanwhile, was
running as fast as he could after the
gazelle, till at la?t he arrived in front of a
palace with an iron gate, over which the
gazelle leaped and disappeared. He could
not follow it there, so, being hot, tired and
thirsty, he threw himself on the grass to
rest a little. He noticed three doves on
the gate (they were really fairies who had
assumed that shape).
"Well," said one, "that prince is doing
a very foolish thing, lying down there;
perhaps he does not know this is the gob
■ lin's residence and that every Sunday
, morning the goblin takes a walk round
his property and devours any bod y he finds
jon it. He is certain to find tliat prince
i just near the gate."
"Well," said the second dove, "he can
; save his life very easily; he only has to go
\ down that deep well and when he gets to
■ the bottom of it he will hnd himself in a j
dark room where he will see an ugly old
witch leaning over a kettle and half sit
j ting on a chair. Without waking her he
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY <24, 1896.
Ji 3D<jaffcaVarK c
Youth's Companion.
" i put my pa's sou'wester on.
i took my pail and hoe
to get some clams,— now i am sure
i took that pail,— but no.
It's not in sight! It's disappeared!
'tls like a fairy tale.
I'll shut my eyes, then look
again-
Still I don't see my pail ! "
must take the piece of glass which is
under bee left foot and break it, for it is
the goblin's life; as soon as it is in pieces
the goblin will expire. He must then
throw himself on the witch and kill her
with his sword."
The prince rose from the gras*, and, act
ing on the advice he had just heard, he
very soon found the well, and went down
it by a circular path, but tne lower he got
' the hotter it grew, till the poor prince be
j s an to feel giddy, sick and faint, though
\ be kept up bravely and never thought of
I turning back. At last he found himself in
the room, took the piece of glass without
waking the horrible oKI witch, broke it in
to a hundred pieces, killed the witch and
climbed out of the well, and was surprised
to find himself in a lovely garden, near
another iron gate much bigger than the
first, which he tried to open. As he could
not do so he walked about the garden, in
which was a large tank of running water,
quenched nis thirst at it, and stretched
himself under a tree, where he soon fell
asleep. He awoke hearing the same dows
speaking in the tree on a branch just over
his head; the third one was speaking:
"If he wants to open this iron gate he
must try and do it with the point of hia
sword and as soon as its doors fly open put
his hand in bin pocket and take out three
gold coins, which he must throw into the
mouth of the black serpent which will
come out of the gate with its mouth
opened ready to eat tne prince. If he can
do this quickly the serpent will die as soon
as the money is in its mouth, and the
prince will &et free a lovely princess, but
he will have to look for her."
Rising, the prince once more did as the
doves had said; when his sword touched
the gate the doors flew open and the hor
rible black head of an enormous serpent
came out. showing its fangs. The prince
threw the money and the ugly rep
tile died. The prince soon found
himself in another and much prettier
garden, and, feeling hungry, looked
about to see if he could find some
thing to eat. Fruit there was in abundance,
so, gathering up six splendid apples, he
ate them, and then walked up to the beau
tiful palace he saw in front of him. He went
through many lovely rooms, full of rare
and costly things, each one more splendid
than the last, but the prince began to feel
depressed at the great silence, for not a
living thing was to be heard.
At last he reached the second story, and
going into tne last and handsomest room
he shortly became aware tbat a beautiful
young lady was asleep on a low couch not
far from where he was standing. He hesi
tatingly approached her to have a better
view of her face, and thought her so lovely
that he stooped over her and kissed her.
She opened her eyes and was surprised to
Gnd a young man near her, and told him
to go away as fast as he could, for this was
the goblin's castle, and that either tne gob
lin, the witch (his mother) or the black
serpent would eat him. Then he told her
his adventures and she told him hers.
When she was a child she had been stolen
from her father's kingdom, and many
princes and young men had lost their lives !
In trying to save her and take her away
from the goblin's castle.
She thanked Prince Akbar courteously
for having freed her. After living a few days
with that lovely princess, the prince, find
ing he loved her very much indeed, asked
her to become his wife. She consented.
They then mounted on horseback to go
back to the prince's father's kingdom, but
as the princess was afraid of their not
being able to find their way back to the
goblin's castle, which was theirs now,
she loaded a horse with two bags
of lime and cut a hole in each bag
so that a trail of lime lay all along the
way. They soon arrived at the kingdom of
the prince's father. The kine was very
happy to see his son again and also to see
what a beautiful bride he had chosen. The
prince told his father about all the adven
tures he had had. The year was now over,
and after this happy wedding had been
celebrated the king chose Prince Akbar as
his heir. The prince now inhabits the
goblin's castle, where his father occasion
ally visits him. And if any of you little
Bahibs and khanoums (gentlemen and la
dies) wish to go and see him you have oniy
to lind the goblin's castle, for the prince is
very hospitable and will make you wel
come.—Westminster Budget.
Where la Fairy Land ■.»
Sages have never Been its summits gleaming,
Nor heard Its river How; -
Lovers and poets and young children dreaming—
' These are the ones that know. ,
Selected. A. & Blackwjxl.
How the Little Japs Dress.
The dresses worn by Japanese children
are very different from those which small
American boys and girls wear. They are
made with a succession of large tucks
around the waists and over the shoulders.
so that as the child grows its dres3 is easily
made to fit by simply letting out the tucks.
By this process they wear their clothes a
long time.
When the Little Boy Ran Avar.
When the little boy ran away from home
The Mrds in the treetops knew.
And they ail sang '-Stay!" But he wandered
away
Under the skies of blue.
And the winrt came whispering from the tree:
"Follow me— follow me!"
And it sane him a sons that was soft and sweet,
And scattered the roses belore his feet
That day— that day
When the little boy ran away.
The Violets whispered: '-Your eyes are blue
And lovely and bright to see;
And so ar« mine, and I'm kin to you,
8o dwell In the Hunt with me:"
Rut the little boy lauuhed. while the Wind in glee
I Said: -Follow me- follow me!"
And the Wind called the clouds from their home
in Urn skits
And gala to the Violet : "Shut yonr eyes!"
That day— that day
When the little boy ran away.
Then the Wind played leap-frog over the hilla
And twisted em h lent and limb:
And all the rivers and all the rills
Were foaming mail with html
An 1 'twas dark as the darkest night could be,
But itlll came the Wind's voice: "Follow me!"
And over the mountain and up from the hollovr
Came echoing voices, with : "Follow him— follow !"
That awful day
' When the little boy ran away !
Then the little boy cried: "Let mago— let me go!"
For n scared, scared boy was lie;
But the thunder growled from a black cloud:
"No!"
And the Wind roared: "Follow me!"
And an old gray owl from a tree top flew,
fTf Im -Who "are you-oo? Who are you-oo?' 1
And the little boy sobbed: "I'm lost away
And I want to go home where my parent's stay !"
oh, the awful ilav
When the lit: le boy ran away!
Then the Moon looked out from a cloud and said:
"Are you sorry you ran away?
If I light you home to your trundle bed,
Will you stay, little lx>y, will you stay?"
And the little boy pmotlaea, and cried and cried.
He would nt-Vt-r leave his mother's side:
And the Moonllcht led him over the plain
And his mother welcomed him home again.
But oh! what a day
When the little boy ran away!
Fhank L. Stantos.
PUZZLES
I. I am a word of two parts.
My first I hope you are.
My second I sec you have.
My third I know you are.
Willie BIO6TMB.
11. Arrange the letters of the following words
COLIN AND LUCY.
Colin— hear a voice you can no: hear,
Which Bays I must not stay;
I feel a hand you cannot see.
Which beckons me away V— Golden Days.
in such a way so as to give you the name of a
day in May.
To year add coin.
111. PI.
anscrfoilanscrfoiancia
The name of a State and its largest city.
IV. Transpose the letters of a flower three
times and have in succession a wound, miner
als and eggs of a fish.
V. Take a word meaning a look of pleasure;
change position of one letter and have a
measure; again and have a fruit.
Answer* to Purzlea of May 17.
I. Twonty-eight and one-sixth eggs.
11. Because all the rest are week (weak) days.
111. She had 7 ckit".
( 14 of 7=3}s
a ' t&U+ii -1 sold to first
. U?ofS IX
< IK +/■£=- sold 10 second.
14 off !
\Vi+ A 1 sold third.
IV. Iceland.
V. Eton— tone—
Correct answers to all or a majority of puz
zles received for May 10 from: Harry John
ston and Alice Bell. May 17 from: Joeßutler,
Minner Culver, L. E. Kiel and Charles W.
Crilley.
THE LETTER
Angels Camp, May 16, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. My. sister wrote the other time, so I
thought I would write this time. I go to the
Altavilln School. Our school will be out next
Friday and we are going to have a picnic. I
am going up in the mountains with a lady
friend of mine, to stop for the summer. My
brother delivers The Call every night. My
age is 12 years. We have a housekeeper, but
she is talking of going to Marysville, and then
my sister will have to keep house alone till I
return. -
We live in a little mountain town. My father
work* in the foundry. Your friend, .-
; Maggik Condo.
San Francisco, May 18, 1896.
Dear Editor : This is my llrst letter to The
Call, although my papa has taken it for a long
time. lam a little. girl, 9'a years old. Igo to
St. Peter's Convent School, and am in the
fourth grade. I shall be 10 years old the 17th
day of August. I may send you a story the
latter part of this week.
I hope you will publish my story and also
this letter. I liked the .Donald series very
much. "What Flora saw when she went In
search of the Fairies" was very nice, too. At
first I did not read "Iv Childlibod's Realm,"
but after a while I thought 1 would, and now I
wish it were published every d>y. Good-by.
I Your little friend, Antoinette Crawford.
San Francisco, May 17, 1896.
Dear Editor: My landlady takes The Cam.,
and I read the children's page. I like it very
much. This is the lirst letter I have ever writ
ten to The Call. I am 12 years old. 1 hope
to see my letter in next Sunday's Call. Your
friend, Willie Collins.
Pan Francisco, May, 1896.
Dear Editor: The very first thing I look for is
the "Children's Realm," which I enjoy very
much. Two boys that 1 know sent letters to
The Call, and 1 tnought I would write. And
hopine it will be in next Bandar's j>a;,er I will
also send two puzzles. I still remain your
friend, Willie Ilk;<;ins, age 11.
San Francisco, May 19. 180(i.
Dear Edito- This is my first letter to The
Call. I attend the Redding Primary School.
I am in the third grade, but expect to be pro
moted next term. My papa takes The Call.
The picture in last Sundays Call of pussy in
the hat looks just like my cat. I call Him
Topsy, and when 1 go to play liall or marbles
he is always on hand to play, and if I slap him
| to make him stoti he will flap me back, lie
does all kinds of tricks, just like a dog. He
wants to help me with tois letter. I hope you
will find room for mv letter on your page this
week. Your little friend,
Charles F. Brown, age 9 years.
San Fkancisco, May 16, 1896.
DtarEditor: I like to read the children's col
j limn. My sister and I have a tight every Sun
i day to see who gets the paper first. Mypareuts
j have been tnkinir The Call as long as they can
remember, and they have been reading it since
they were as little as I. Grandpa has one of
{ the old Calls, and it was a very small paper
i then. How it has grown! If you publish my
letter 1 am going to save the paper.
Clarence Reuan, 7,. i years old.
Lincoln, May 16, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my iirst letter to The
Call. My uncle takes it and I like the chil
dren's page very much. Am a little girl 10
years old. I live in the country fourteen miles
irom town.
Hoping to Bee my letter in the next Call, I
remain yours respectfully. Edna (Jlise.
Pan Fkancisco, May 3, 1890.
Dear Editor: My papa has taken The Call
for a good many years and I enjoy reading
"Childhood's Realm" very much. •
I am seven years old and go to the Peabody
School. 1 was No. 3 this month.
Hoping my letter will be published in next
Sunday's Call, I remain your little frier.d,
Elsie Langer.
San Fkancisco, Cal., May 8, 189(5.
Dear Editor: We take The Call, and lam
very much pleased with it. When Sunday
morning conies 1 can hardly wait till 1 get
dressed to get the paper to read children's
l>age. I am !>'., years old and am a native
daughter. I have traveled a great deal for a
little sirl. 1 have been in tne F.ast and in I'ort
laml, but I must say I like ray native State the !
best of all. I go to the Kriiiiklin (iramraar I
School. lam in the third grade. 1 have Deen
studying hard to get promoted this term. I
have two. sisters — Frances and Ethel. As this
is my first letter to The Call, 1 will close hop
ing to see it published ill next Sunday's paper.
Yours truly, Lottie Crossleys.
San Francisco, May 14,1896.
Dear Editor: My mamma has been taking
The Daily CALL long before I was in exist
ence, but it is only of late that I have taken
any interest in that page which you have been
so Wind to print to give joy to all children, en
titled Childhood's Realm.
I anxiously look forward through the wfek
and wi-h that there was more than one page
with that title.
l>ear sir, this story is true and it happened to
me on Saturday, May 2. I am obliged to be
very cautious with these pussies, for they like
to jump into the next yard. 1 will now bring
my letter to a close, hoping that you will enjoy
my story, and I hope that it will escape your
waste-basket, for if that should happen I could
never pick up enough courage to write another
story. I compose the story myself without the
help of anybody. Your fond reader,
Alice Clairk McDevitt, 13 years old.
San Francisco, May 17, 1896.
Dear Editor: I hnve a large black dog and his
name is Rover. He is 6 years old. I have a
cat also, named Topsy.
Wherever the dog goes the cat goes too.
In the morning Rover gets the paper and
can jump over sticks. When he wants a driuk
he barks and jumps up to the faucet. At night
when my brothers come home he runs to wel
come them.
My uncle takes The Morning CaLI» I hope
I shall see my letter published in your next
Sunday's Call. This is my first letter. Yours
truly. May C. Mulvky.
Franktown, Nsv., May 17, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa has taken The Call
about one month aud we all like it so much.
I'upa says some papers are too much McKinley.
I thought I would write and ask you if you
would like to print my letters. 1 live near
Franktown, Nev., on a ranch. lam nearly 9
years old. We have Indians, wild geese and
dogs up hsre. One of my dogs is white with
black and gray spots, and has blue eyes, and
his name Is Hilly. If you wish me to write
again I will tell you all about Billy's tricks.
Respectfully, Henry Sagebrush.
Pktallma, Cal., May 9, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. lam a little girl 11 years old. I have
three sisters and one brother. I liked the boys'
and girls' letters so much I thought I would
write and see if you liked my letter. We were
all dlsflppointed because we could not go to the
Healdsburg carnival, sj we had a carnival of
our own.
We had three floats and two carriages in the
procession.
My doll Marion was queen. She rode in the
first float with her two maids of honor.
On the last float was a sled with an apple
box on it.
It was decorated with wild iris. On the box
were five little live Kittens. Then when it was
all over we had a tea party, which was fine.
I will close my long letter hoping to see It
printed in The Call. Your little reader,
Mac Pvkvine.
"Naughty Max."
One morning Nora had been playing in
the sitting-room with her best doll. It
wa9 the one who was dressed in silk and
named Victoria. Max, the white and
black doggie, had been playing there too
with a ball which he had rolled all over
the floor.
Nora suddenly tboupht of something
she wanted to tell to grandma. She
laid Victoria very carefully on the sofa
and went upstairs. Max felt lonely as
soon as siie was gone. He left his ball
and jumped upon the sofa to take a nap.
When he saw the doll he thought he
would have a little frolic with her. He
tossed her about till he had torn all the
bottom part of her dress and tore out her
beautiful curls.
Just then Nora came into the room
a^ain, and when she saw how cruelly
j \ ictoria was treated she snatched her up
I and commenced scolding Max, as you see
lin the picture. If he had not run away I
think that Nora would have whipped
him. don't you? Then she took Victoria
up to grandma and told her the sad story,
and grandma mended the doll's dress and
fixed the curls in their places again, and
Victoria looked as good as new.
ViCToaiA Egoers.
South San Francisco.
A small boy had taicen the prize for an
exceptionally well-drawn map. After the
examination the teacher, a little doubtful,
asked the lad: "Who helped you with this
map, James? "
"Nobody, sir."
"Come, now, tell mp the truth. Didn't
your brother help you?'
"No, sir; he did it all."— Household
Words.
"Don't let the grass grow under your
feet, my boy," said the man of business,
handing him an important message.
The messenger-boy thought he under
stood. He lingered so long on the way
that he killed the eras?.
The difference between a dog and a boy
consists in the fact that when the dog
tinds a scent he doesn't spend it for candy.
Bess Did Not Play Fair.
HOW TOMMY TENDED
THE BABY.
Tommy Teale was just 6 years old. To-day was his birthday, but instead of hay
ing a good time to celebrate such a grand event, he had to take care of the baby. His
mother had gone out on some errands and left him all alone with his little sister.
Tommy felt very, very badly to think such a thing had to happen on his birthday,
and besides little Nellie cried a great deal.
He did not know what to do with her; of course he loved her dearly, but did not
enjoy taking care of her when she was fretful.
As he stood at the window Ned Brown came out to play on the sidewalk.
"Come out, Tommy! " he shouted. "I can't! " shouted back the little prisoner.
"I've got to 'tend the baby."
"Shut the door tight, then she can't get out! '' screamed Ned.
Tommy thought it over. He knew more 'bout babies than Ned Brown did. He
thought Nellie might burn herself on the stove, or pull the cover off the table and
break the lamp or some other thing that babies seem to love to do. Ah, a bright idea
came into Tommy's head. He ran quickly to the closet, got the hammer and tacks
and then went over to his baby sister and drove three tacks right through her pretty
little dress, fastening her down tight to the floor !
When this was done he ran out of doors as fast as his little fat legs could carry
him in such a hurry to get to play that he neglected to shut the door tightly.
In about an hour Tommy's mother returned and much to her surprise she found
her baby daughter out on the top step! Both her chubby arms and dimpled neck
were bare, for she had no dress on. Her mother picked her up and carried her into
the Bitting room. There was the little frock, nailed to the floor, in torn condition,
showing how very hard baby must have struggled to get away, and of course it had to
be put into the ragbag.
Tommy came in soon after and was very much astonished at what his mother
told him.
"I never did see such a baby," he said. "I thought you only wished to Keep her
out of mischief, and I felt sure the nails would do that!"
Tommy's mother shook her head, as much as to say, "I never did see such a boy
i San Francisco, ETTA BLACK.
DEAR EGGS.
The schoolmaster of a country school
had commenced geography as the first
class of the day.
One boy, while writing the names of
European capitals, spelt Venice, Vennice.
""What," cried the teacher, on his round,
"his that the way you spell Venice?"
"Yes, sir," sal.l the lad.
"Suppose Hi was to tell you that there
was only one hen in Venice, what would
you say?"
•I would say," said the lad, "that egcs
would be mighty dear, sir."— Spar,e Mo
ments.
* ♦ — *
A
GOOD
EXAMPLE.
Mr. Cbamberlnin,
the British statesman,
once remarked to a
member of the House
of Commons, notori
ously lazy and vacil
lating: "My dear boy,
observe the postage
stamp; its usefulness
and value depend
upon its ability to
stick to one thing till
it gets there."
A DRURY LANE BANQUET.
A street arab about 10 years old was
heard calling loudly the other day in Drury
{ Lane:
"Jimmy! Jimmy!"
"What's the matter?'- queried Jimmy
from a third-story window.
"Get Sam and Bill, and yer sister Mary,
and all the kids you can, and hurry up."
"What fur?"
"'Cause the baked 'tater man out there
has got tight and fell down, and there's
the best chance to get a good feed we'll
ever have in the world!"— Spare Moments.
2526
THERE IS GANGER
IN OVERTRAINING.
The Too Enthusiastic Young
Athlete Often Harms
Himself.
A Correct Start the Great Thing
in the One Hundred Yard
Race.
Two Days' Rest Should Be Taken
Before a Big Event on the Cin
ders—Baird's Advice.
Our young friend the athlete has com
menced training. One of the things there
fore tnat I desire to caution him, about
is the danger of overdoing the matter at
first ntart.
The commonest errors of green athletes
is an extravagant spirit of emulation.
Understand, I say extravagant; for noth
ing is more desirable than a judicious
spirit of this nature.
For instance, a beginner steps out on the
track to run. An old rival joins him. "I'll
run a quarter with you," the rival cries.
Now nothing would suit our friend better,
so off they go down the track together. It
is a hard race, and our friend runs for dear
life, as he does not propose to be beaten
by his rival, so he runs himself to a stand
still at the finish.
What is the result? The enthusiastic,
not to say foolish, young man stays in bed
the next day, and his mother nurses him
for rheumatism. Moral: Begin slowly;
pay no attention to those who are doing
more harm than good to themselves by
chasing around like children playing tag,
but go about your training soberly and
intelligently, using your brain in concert
with your arms and legs, and you will at
tain two results— you will have very few
of those aches and pains that are such
a burden to the average beginner: second,
and most important, you will succeed.
Unless cautioned the average beginner
is likely to do some very injudicious
things. For example: I had long been
confined within the narrow limits of the
gymnasium ; consequently, when I stepped
out on the track I was so delighted at an
opportunity to stretch my legs that I
walked violently and became sick at the
stomach.
Once a friend told me that he was going
up to the grounds to take some exercise.
A few days after I met him and casually
asked how lie felt. "Ail broke ur>," was
the sad repiy. "Why, what's the mat
ter?" I inquired. "I guess it must have
been the exercise I had the other day," he
responded, incorporating a "swear '< l^^|
into the reply. On plying him with ques
tions 1 discovered that he had actually be
gun his course of training by a run of five
miles. Is it any wonder that every joint,
sinew and muscle in his body was BXiB
and sore? Thus does nature revenge her
self on her thoughtless children.
We will now say for argument that our
young friend has decided to be a sprint
runner — and, by the way, "sprinting"
means nothing more or less than short
distance running For the benefit of the
beginners we will now have a few rules for
Etarting.
Now, starting is the most important part
of 100-yard running, and it is positively
necessary to master the art if the aspirant
hopes for success. One method is as fol
lows, practiced by English professionals:
Stand with your left toe to the mark
with the foot flat. Let the right foot be
from 15 to 18 inches back with the toe
turned out and pointing to the scratch
line at an angle of about 45 degrees. The
feet should be far enougn apart to balance
the body. When the word "set" is given
your whole weight should rest on the
back foot, which is braced, and both fences
should be slightly bent, with the feet flat
on the ground. The position of the arms
is also very important. With the body
inclined slightly forward the left arm
should hang stiffly just outside the left
knee, while the right arm should be held
rigid and slightly bent, with the hand
just off the right hip. When you leave
from this position your muscles are
strained to their utmost. You rise on the
left toe, press the right foot violently to
the earth and go off so quickly that it sur
prises even yourself. [Fig. I.] Never aim
at long strides in the first thirty yards,
but get the motion with the start and fiu
ish with as long a stride as convenient.
Many a race has been won in the first
twenty-five yards.
Another method used by amateurs of
ten years ago and highly esteemed as well
as successful is as follows:
Stand on your mark leisurely with the
left toe touching the scratch and pointing
slightly to the right and the right foot
iirmly placed in a shallow hole dug for
the purpose, parallel with and about fifteen
inches behind the scratch. You should
face down the track, resting on the hind
foot, and when the word is given to "set"
you should slightly bend at the knees and
incline the body a little forward at the
waist. The right arm should be raised
about two feet from and a foot above the
knee. The left hand should be placed in a
reverse position behind the body. When
the pistol is fired push from the right foot
and quickly draw the left hand back and
around. This at once gets you into run
ning form. [Fig. 2.]
The method practiced by many ama
teurs of the present day is the following:
Plant the left foot to the scratch line,
pointing directly down the track, the knee
considerably bent, the right foot is placed
in a small hole dug for the purpose about
eighteen inches directly to the rear, the
knee somewhat bent. The bands are
planted on each si-Je of the left foot, the
joints of the two first fingers and the thumb
resting on the line. This will bring the
athlete in a stooping posture, the back al
most horizontal. A friend to fire the pis
tol and continual practice must do the
rest. The position of the limbs, by the
'way, may be reversed if convenient. [Fig. 3.J
There is still another method, but I
have known it to be practiced by only one
person, out that man won many cham
pionships of this coast. He would stand
with his feet in precisely the position I
have mentioned, but bis body would not
be inclined as much forward, his right arm
would be extended forward as far as pos
sible, his left drawn back, elbow bent, fore
arm and hand pointing to the left heel.
At the pistol shot he would simply re
verse the position of all his limbs. Theoret
ically it was the simplest tiling I ever saw.
IFig. 4.] I am told, however, that this
runner came to use the "crouch start" at
last.
The best practice is to run thirty yards
several times at a furious pace— that is,
after you have had a little practice. A
rest and a run of 150 yards will be next in
order. Stait slowly and finish the last
eighty yards at top speed. This, however,
may not agree with some, certainly if not
accustomed to it. There is where the
watchfulness and judgment of the individ
ual must be made useful.
Do not run too many match races in
practice, or many full "hundreds" at top
speed. The position of the body is also
important. It should be very much in
clined forward, and should be so practiced
that you can bend as to almost fall for
ward at the start, and maintain a good in
clination to the finish. I have seen many
a man as he approached the tape throw
back his head and body almost to break
ing.
This impedes the man and he crosses
the finishing iine at a much slo-.ver pace,
and although he may have been a yard in
advance three yards from home he is
beaten in. Keep bent forward until near
the tape and then fairly dive at it.
Another method is the following: Be
ginning with the shortest race -100 yards
—it will be seen that quickness is the ob
ject. To attain this it is not desirable to
run any considerable distance every day,
but rather to practice short, sharp bursts
of from forty to sixty yards at topmost
speed. On alternate evenings the runner
may finish with a sprint for the full dis
tance; but if this be done too frequently it
will tend to diminish rather than increase
his speed. To get quickly off the mark
and into full speed at once should be prac
ticed every evening, as the attainment of
this art is always a difficulty with ama
tears, and the want of it means losing the
race at this short distance.
Never practice alone if possible to get a
companion. Do not stand around after
exercise, especially toward evening, a« the
air robs the half-clad body of its strength
and stiffens the muscles and joints. If you
leel a kink in a muscle stop and you may
avoid a strain.
Concerning the latter point it might be
well to make a few remarks. Let it be
borne in mind that when out of condition
or unaccustomed to violent exercise the
muscles are quite stiff in some cases, and
when an extraordinary strain is imposed
upon them there is likely to be trouble.
Many a high-class sprinter has been lost j
by rashly imposing a severe strain on
sinews and muscles that had been unused i
to it or lain dormant for a time.
Suppose a man can get to the practice
grounds four times a week, he should
spend ihe first week running slow laps,
raising the knees very high and throwing :
the foreleg as far out as possible. When
tired stop and then try again. Stand at
the head of the straight and, starting
slowly, increase the rapidity and length
of stride, running tne last fifty yards at a
merely strong pace. The object of this
striding is to stretch and strengthen the
muscles on the under side of the thigh,
which ure never exerted in ordinary work.
In a few weeks you can strip, get on 3 r our j
mark and run 100 yards without ths
slightest danger.
I have alluded to the fact that a man
should take two days' rest before a race.
Experience has proved that such a course
ord' 1
"A Sharp Drive Uphill Will Reveal the Whistler," Says Miss Russell in Her Advice
to Those Who Buy Horses. "The Difficulty Is Caused by a Contraction of
the Windpipe and There Is No Remedy for It."
is positively necessary. There are but few
exceptions to this rule. If circumstances
have prevented you from taking your reg
ular exercise two or three days previous to
the contest and you feel that you must do
something the day before, go out and
make about four "starts," no more, and !
run fifty yards two or three times at sim
ply an exercising pace— not a racing pace.
Of course you will think this all nonsense
when you have finished and vote the
writer of this a fool, You will feel that
you have not taken as much exercise as if
playing croquet. Never mina; do as I
have suggested and pay no attention to
your feelings — they are not only deceptive
but treacherous.
Another important point: It will some
times happen that after you have put in
three or four weeks' hard training you will
find that you are getting slower instead of
faster for your pains. Now if this occurs
a week before the race there is only one
thing to be done— only one, mind you !
Lay oft until the race. Violate this rule
at your peril; for it is a precept that is
conscientiously regarded by every great
athlete living.
Your trouble is what is known in the
fraternity as "goinc stale." It means that
you have* overtrained, you have drawn too
heavily upon the nervous resources — which
are everything in short-distance running —
and that to recover you must have rest.
Above all things do not worry yourself by
thinking that you will be a failure in the
supreme test of the contest; rely on my
word and experience, you will run faster
than ever; only you must be careful of
your diet and sleep, or I will not vouch for
a good performance.
A very important matter I wish to im
press upon the ambitious sprint runner —
never under any circumstances give up a
race because a fast man comes up to your
shoulder. There are two reasons for this
caution. It is a bad habit to "quit." Once
get accustomed to doing it and you will
sometimes stop without the slightest rea
son — simply because you have fallen into
the way of doing so. Second, the man
wao is running you down may not prove
as strong a nnisner as yourself, and you
may actually outrun him whatever his
reputation may be, and astonish your
friends and yourself.
Permit me to say in conclusion that I
am indebted for many of the thoughts in
this letter to H. L. Cortis (deceased) F
P. Prial, Edward P. Baird and others
whose names are unknown to me. Their
ideas have been occasionally incorporated
with my own, but not in such a form as to
make auotation necessary. I have not
hesitated to give the readers of The Call
the benefit of their valued experience, and
take this method of giving credit where
it is due. George D. Baibd.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
Fig. 3. Fig. 2. Fig. 1. Fig. 4.
The Crouch Start. All Style Amateur. Professional. For© and Aft Start.
DIFFERENT METHODS OF STARTING FOR THE I'JO-YARD RAGE.
GOOD ADVICE TO
THE HORSE-BUYER.
Miss Russell Tells How to
Detect the Worthless
Animal.
Don't Rush the Horse That Is
Fed on a Hay Diet Ex
clusively.
Coughs and Colds Due to Bad Stable
Management — Phosphorus
a Good Remedy.
"Sound in wind and limb" is a guaranty
that horse-dealers rattle off easily enough,
but it is seldom so ea«y for amateurs to
satisfy themselves of the truth of the
guaranty. To be sure defective wind i>
usually more readily detected than are de
fective limbs, but there are certain signs
that should be familiar to all who have to
do with horses. Those that are apparent
to the eye have to do with the conforma
tion of the animal.
The nostnis should be large and well
opened, prominent and sensitive. It used
to be a custom in the dark ages, when
"cropped" ears and "docked" tails were
' considered to add to equine beauty, to slit
the nostrils of horses, the idea being that
this process improved their wind. We
have outgrown this particular bit of brutal
ignorance, and in time we may learn the
absurdity of the hideous short tail. But a
horse for fast work should have large,
well opened nostrils. Slitting them when
they are too small does no good and ren
ders them hideous, so if the animal does
not meet with this requirement pass him
by. He should have a deep and fairly
broad chest. Breadth is not an essential
thing. If the chest is too broad the horse
will not be speedy, but depth and fullness
are absolutely necessary to good wind.
He ehould have a good girth in proportion
to his height and weight and be "well
ribbed up." These points may be noted
by a glance, but a horse may have these
and yet be defective in wind.
A cough of any kind in a horse should
attract immediate attention. It may be
accidental, and a mere trifle, but it con
stitutes unsoundness while it lasts. The
cough of a broken- winded horse is charac
teristic. It is short and hollow. In
THE SMALL ARMY OF "CALL" DISTRIBUTORS AT STOCKTON.
C. A. Barlels, The Call agent at Stockton, and his staff of city distributors and assistants, as they were caught by a snap-shot
camera man the other Sunday at a picnic on the strawberry patch of Mr. Daggett. The party was conveyed up the San
Joaqmn River by the Viola, under the leadership of Captain Acker, the King of McLeod's Lake. There were refreshments of
all sorts (the camera was snapped just before luncheon), and a most enjoyable time was had.
broken wind there is difficult expiration of
the breath. Inspiration is steady and
quiet, but the animal lets out bin breath in
a sort of double puff. The flanks rise,
hesitate an instant, then continue the ex
piratory effort with a sort of jerk. Not
much can be done for the cure of a broken
winded horse, but his condition can be
materially relieved by care in feeding and
watering. As a matter of fa<*t carelessness
in these regards is very largely the cause
of this unpleasant difficulty. Overfeeding,
particularly overfeeding with hay or straw,
feeding tob near the time of putting the
horse to work, and allowing the animal to
drink excessively before starting to work
are some of the errors by which our heavy
draft horses are made to suffer.
A horse just off pasture and a horse fed
only hay should never be rushed, particu
larly on bill roads. I have seen a magnifi
cent horse ruined by a five minutes of
quick driving on a slight grade, just after
he had been given a big feed of hay.
Broken wind can be told from the puffing
of a "blown" horse by the jerfcing expira
tion. The horse that is "winded" or
"blown," temporarily, from exertion
breathes quickly and loudly, but inspira
tion and expiration are both steady though
labored, but the two short puffs during ex
piration in broken wind are unmistakable,
particularly if you hear as well the short,
hollow cough. In buying a horse you will,
of course, insist upon trying him at speed
or sharp exertion, and you should pay par
ticular attention to his breathing after
ward.
Particular attention should be paid to
his stable, which should be well ventilated,
and he should never be put to work imme
diately alter eatine. He should not be
given straw or large quantities of hay. and
if he eats his bedding, as he will be likely
to do, he should be muzzled at night. In
broKen wind the animal should be fed very
largely on grains. Oats are better for him
than barley, and carrots are excellent for
him if they are in good condition. What
ever he is fed should be nourishing and
concentrated, so as not to makeniuch bulk
in the digestive tract. Heaves is another
name for broken wind.
Roaring, wheezing and whistling are un
pleasant and serious ailments of the wind
in horses. Curiously enough they are
>ften confounded even by experienced
horsemen, although they are all disiuict
ami characteristic in symptoms and effect.
Roaring is a loud, ringing respiration
after exertion. It is caused by contrac
tion or other deformity af the windpipe
and is generally incurable, although there
are one or two cases on record of success
ful operation therefor in racehorses.
Whistling is also caused by contraction
of the windpipe, but the sound lacks the
sonorous quality that characterizes the
breathing of a roarer upon rapid exertion.
It shows itself most markedly when the
horse is eoing uphill. There is very little
that can be done for the whistler, except
to keep him well within the limits of ex
ertion that does not excite his difficulty of
respiration.
Wheezing differs from whistling in that
the labored, noisy breathing is Continu
ous, whether there is extra exertion or not.
It is a difficulty in the bronchial tubes, and
is susceptible of treatment at the hands of
a veterinary. Phosphorus is one of the
best remedies in most cases of wheezing
respiration.
Coughs and colds in horses are almost
invariably due to bad stable management.
Fresh air is an absolute necessity to the
horse. He is an animal of fastidious habit
and large lung capacity. Our insane no
tions regarding checks and overdraws
have produced in him a tendency to
disease in the air-passages, and he is less
fitted to thrive in a airty or ill-ventilated
stable than even a human being. Every
stable should have provision, above, for
the escape of the warm, impure and ex
hausted air, that rises, naturally, and, be
low, for the entrance of the cooler, purer
air, which, if it cannot get in below will
enter by the upper ventilators, and cause
down-draughts. The lower ventilators
should be so arranged that they admit no
draughts upon the horses' legs.
They should be as near the floor ac pos
sible, but should not, as they frequently
do, admit the fresh air under the mangers.
Nor should bedding be, as it frequently is,
thrust under the manger during the day,
the ammoniacal gases arising therefrom are
an active agent in setting up irritation in
the respiratory passages and a horse who
breathes them is very apt to have a cough,
which more often than not is merely the
precursor of serious difficulty.
Musty, dirty or mow-burnt hay will
cause irritation in the air passages and no
hay should ever be left in the mangers, as
it is sure to sour and make trouble.
Horses that are "soft," that is that have
been for some time on green feed, or are
only fed hay, should never be given fast
work. The animal just off pasture usually
feels fresh and lively and is anxious to go
when put to work, but his ambition
should be held in check until the disten
sion of stomach and digestive tract by
large quantities of green grass is remedied
and the lungs have ioom to move in and
the muscles have been hardened and toned
up by a few days of grain-feeding.
Miss Russell.
BUILT THE FIRST
SEA-GOING VESSEL,
Captain William G. Dana,
Who Owned the Ni
pomo Ranchero.
Was One of the Original Gran
tees Under the Old Mexican
Government.
He Entertained General John C. Free
mont in the Salad Days of
Alta California.
"I suppose that there are not many peo
ple in this State to-day who can tell who it
CAPTAIN JOHN TAYLOR McKtNZIE, Who Now Commands the Sansallto. He
Is One of the Pioneer Shipmasters and Has Had a Long and Eventful
Career, in Which lie Has Seen Much Important Service on Land and Water.
[Drawn by a "Call" artist from a photograph by Taber.j
j was that built the first sea-going vessei in
California." said Colonel A. S. Hubbaid,
j secretary of the California Historical Soci
ciety, yesterday. "Well, I'll tell who it
was, or rather who, it is claimed, built the
first one. The individual was William Cr.
; Dana of Boston, Mass., who located at
j San-ta Barbara in 1825, the father of the
i late Captain Dana, whose death in the
lower part of the State was noticed at length
in The Call a few months ago. I have
jnst received from General Charles W.
Darling of Utica, N. V., a nephew of the
old pioneer, an interesting sketch of the
; America* who, it is said, launched the
firt>t sea-goinp vessel ever constructed by a
native of the United States on the Pacific
Coast." The sketch alluded to by the sec
retary is as follows:
Captain William G. Dana built and
launched the schooner three years after he
located at Santa Barbara. He married at
I Santa Barbara on the 20th of August, 1828,
j Maria Josefa Carillo, the eldest daughter
lof Don Carlos Antonio Carillo, Governor
of Alta California. In Fremont's reports
and those of other army officers and trav
elers, who had enjoyed his hospitality at
Nipomo, where he resided, frequent men
tion has been made of Captain Dana. In
Bryant's work he is described as "a native
of Massachusetts and a gentleman whose
unbounded hospitality and liberality were
known throughout California."
That was about the time when the land
of gold was receiving much attention and
pioneers became awakened to its resources.
Much dissatisfaction was expressed with
the existing Government by new residents
and a hope was entertained that there
might be intervention on the part of the
United States, and the Government take
possession of the country. In 1835 Captain
Dana, having become a naturalized citizen
of the Mexican Republic and entitled to
hold land, applied for and obtained a
grant of the Nipomo rancho, comprising
37,887.91 acres. This grant was one of the
earliest on record, and, as he had his
choice in a very extended area of country
as lovely as the sun ever shone upon, he
made a selection which exhibited a pro
lound judgment. This rich tract of land
is now included in the southern part of
San Luis Obispo County, extending from
near the shore of the Pacific to the base of
the Santa Lucia Mountains.
The name is derived from an expression
of the Indians formerly located in that
vicinity, who maae use of the word "ne
po-mah," which in their guttural language
meant "foot of the hill." These Indians
sounded only slightly the first two sylla
bles, and from this the grant was desig
nated as the Nipomo. In the summer of
1839 Captain and Mrs. Dana removed from
Santa Barbara to Nipomo, and upon his
property the captain erected a large adobe
house, which was the abode of his family.
The old "Casa de Dana" occupied a con
spicuous elevation, commanding an ex
tensive view of a laree- area of the grant,
and it was a monument in the history of
the county second only to the old mis
sions. During the ranchero days, when
the great land-holders were the lords of
the country, the Nipomo rancho was a
charming resort for Americans journeying
through the country, for there the hospi
tality was unbounded, and the guests en
tertained were numerous- Among them
were General John C. Fremont, General
Henry W. Halleck and many other army
officers.
In 1846, when the United States steam
ship Edith went ashore between Point
Arguello and Point Saland, all the officers
and crew were taken by Captain Dana
to his home, where they were kindly cared
for until he could perfect arrangements to
transport them to Monterey, 'which he
did by providing horses and saddles and
sending men to euide them on their way
and return with the animals. Such was
the hospitality of the early Californian
and travelers were not only gratuitously
entertained, but in some cases, when it
was thought money was needed, gold was
freely offered.
The only places on the road between San
Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara were Ni
pomo, twenty-four miles from San Luis,
thence twenty-one miles to Santa Ynez
Mission, thence to Refugio and thence to
Santa Barbara. These distances were the
regular "journadas" between the stopping
places named.
The Indians of the Tulare Valley occa
sionally made raids upon the great stock
ranches of the coast, and often from "Casa
de Dana" they could be seen gathering
the horses and cattle in the valley or upon
the neighboring hills. Then it was neces
sary to arm and mount all the men of the
place and speed to the attack of the ma
rauders. Some fierce conflicts occurred
and constant vigilance was required to
protect the stock.
In tne political controversies of the
country Captain Dana took but little part,
although, as Chief Alcalde, he was in favor
with the party of the south, supporting
his father-in-law, General Carillo, for Gov
ernor, when legally appointed by the Pres
ident of Mexico, as against the revolution
ists, Alvarado and Castro, of the north.
That he was favorable to the American
cause is shown by his warm friendship for
General Fremont and many other promi
nent United States officers.
Captain Dana died at Nipomo February
12, 1858, and his remains were interred in
the cemetery at San Luis Obispo. His
widow died at ths same place February 12,
1883. Beveral children of these parents
are still living in the southern part of
California.
Palmer Conld Not Remember It.
Oglesby and Senator Palmer are ac
counted to be the best story tellers of the
old school of story tellers in Illinois. On
one occasion when these two popular fa
vorites were swapping yarns Oglesby re
vived an interesting series of reminiscences
of some notably hard drinkers.
"John," said he, "do you remember how
Bevendge could drink? He could drink
and drink, and the more he drarvk the
winter he got. While you and I, John, it
we drank a thimbleful our faces would
grow as red as the setting sun."
"Yes," said John, "reflectively, "I re
member well. But say, Dick, when did
we ever drink a thimbleful ?"-Pittsburg
Dispatch. 6
THE TALE OF SIX
MEN IN ONE BOAT,
Attempt to Murder Passed
Midshipman William
Gibson, U. S. N.
Captain John Taylor McKenzie's
Part in the Capture of the
Mutineers.
Eventful Career of a Pioneer Ship
master Who Put the First Buoys
in San Francisco Harbor.
Among the pioneer shipmasters of San
Francisco Bay perhaps none has seen more
important or more eventful service than
Captain John Taylor McKenzie of the
ferry-boat Sausalito, plying between this
City and the town whence the vessel
derives her name. Captain McKenzie
is a hale, hearty man, who, except for
his hoary head, looks as young at the age
of 73 as many a man does at 50. Since
early boyhood his home has been on the
wave, and since his nineteenth year he has
been a shiprr aster. In 1842 he plied in
Long Island Sound and along the Atlantic
Coast down to Virginia. In 1844 he ran up
the Mississippi with the steamer McKim,
the first propeller tiiat ever stirred the
foam of the Father of Waters. Four years
later he was in Philadelphia, when one of
the ship-owners read aloud in his presence
a letter from California, telling about the
wonderful gold strike. Young McKenzie
told the news to friends in his old home,
Newport, R. 1., and immediately a craze
took possession of the community. As 3
result a company of seventy young men,
not one of them over 30 years old, was
formed ; a vessel, the Audley Clark, was
fitted out, stocked with three years' provi
sions and started for the new El Dorado.
The Audley Clark reached this port on
the last day of August, 1849. The ship had
been anchored here only a few days when
Colonel Jonathan D. Stevenson proposed
to the new arrivals to go tp his ranch 'at
New York Landing, near the mouth of
the San Joaquin River, where he had con
cluded to establish a city. Colonel Steven
sou's offer of three lots of land was ac
cepted, and the seventy Rhode Islanders
were soon in camp at New York Landing.
When the Audley Clarlc left Newport there
was an incumbrance of $2000 on her. This
debt was raised sooner than was expected
by even the most sanguine of the young
argonauts. And just here is where a bit
of history comes in, which, except to Cap
tain McKenzie and such of his compan
ions of the Audley Clark as still survive,
seems to have been entirely lost. It is the
story of the arrest of the men who,
on "the night of September 11, 1849,
attempted to murder Past M idsb.ipman
William Gibson, U. S. N., who was the v
attached to the revenue cutter Ewing, lying
in San Francisco harbor. Rev. Albert Wil
liams, who was one of the clergymen called
to give spiritual consolation to the cul
prits, gives an account of the crime in his
book entitled. "Pioneer Pastorate and
Times," but he hardly touches on the par
ticulars of the arrest, which one mi ght be
led to suppose was effected by the Ewinp'a
crew.
Gibson commanded a boat's crew of five
men, which, on the night in question,
rowed ashore with a party of persons who
had been visiting the Ewing. Now, all
five of the men under Gibson had shipped
on the cutter at Valparaiso, on her voyage
around to San Francisco, with the inten
tion of deserting|at this point and going to
the mines. The boat had started back to
the Ewing, and was well out In the stream,
when the men sprang upon the officer and
threw him overboard. Gibson dragged
one of his assailants over with him, but
the man was rescued by his confederates,
who repelled every attempt on the part of
the officer to regain the boat, and pulled
away in haste in the direction of the upper
bay, with the object of escaping to the
gold diggings. Gibson floated with the
tide, and had it not been for an accidental
discovery by a watchman on the deck of a
ship, who observed the body in the phos
phorescent light of the waters and had a
boat lowered with speed, the officer would
never have opened his eyes in this life
again. Doctors worked on him all night
before he was restored to consciousness.
The fugitives were pursued in all direc
tions. A boat from the Ewing pulled up
to the tules at the mouth of the San Joa
quin, near Colonel Stevenson's settlement,
and the story of ffhe attempted assassina
tion spread all around.
"I got up unusually early one morning
shortly after we arrived at New York
Landing." said Captain McKenzie yester
day, "and hearing voices in the distance I
looked up in the direction of Mount Diablo,
and saw a naraber of men making their
way down toward us. When they came up
I noticed that they were all pretty much,
exhausted, and about the first question
asked was to know where they could get a
bite to eat. Meantime a crowd of the
Audley Clark boys had come out and
gathered "round the strangers. Suddenly
one of the latter observed a familiar-look
ing boat half hidden in the tules.
"What boat is that?" he asked, hur
ried ly.
"That's one of the Ewing's boats,"
blurted out a green youth from Newport.
"'Good God, I told you it was Bill,' cried
the youngest of the newcomers, and with
that he broke down and cried. No further
evidence was needed.
Upon delivering the prisoners he and
Cy Clark found that they were enti
tled to the full reward of $500 for each
man, or $2500. That big sum of money
was paid over shortly afterward to Captain
McKenzie and his comrades, who were
thus enabled to settle up that Rhode
Island claim of $2000 on their vessel and
have a surplus fund in addition.
The five men were all sentenced to be
hanged, but one hour before the time set
for the execution, October 23, 1849, two of
them, one an Englishman, aged 28, who
gave the name of John Black, and the
other a Scotchman, only 19 years old, who
called himself Peter Black, confessed their
guilt, took all the blame for the deed, and
secured a commutation of sentence for the
other three. John was hanged to a yard
arm of the Savannah; Peter to a yardarm
of the Ohio.
The week following the capture of the
mutineers, Captain McKenzie went to the
mines only to turn around and come
back. He has been running boats on the
bay since the end of September, 1849.
It was Captain McKenzie who put out the
first buoys in San Francisco harbor for
the United States Government. Between
1850 and 1859 he found all the rocks and
buoyed them as well as the bar. He ac
quired possession of the steamer Alex
ander and the sloops Rhode Island and
Donnda, and in the early '50's plied be
tween Stockton anil Sacramento, and then
between this City and Alviso. In 1854 he
opened up the Oakland and A'ameda
ferries with the steamer Clinton and the
san Quentin ferry with the steamer Peta
luma. bince then he has been running
steadily on the bay never losing a day,
ever genial and smiling, and liked by
everybody who happened within his
sphere of attraction. 'Since 1849 he has
averaged at least 100 miles a day on the
water. In fact, Captain McKenzie has
covered a distance equal to sixty-ei^ht
circumnavigations of the globe since he
began running a boat on San Francisco
Bay.PARIS is the Mecc* of every art
student. Two or three in eVery
hundred men and women wno
leave San Francisco to study re
main in Yew York. What is the
reason ? What advantages can Paris offer
that we cannot enjoy in New York?
The day has not yet come when we can
afford to annihilate the time-worn legend
that there is no American art. We have
American artists who rank with the best
of the foreign men, but we have looked too
long and too steadily at the great light
shining from the European capitals no? to
be a little blinded by the glare. If there is no
distinctively local art it is because Ameri
can life lacks every conventional pictu
resque element. In every school in New
"^ ork, with one exception, the model In
the sketch class was a Turk, an Algerian
or a Spaniard, posing in more or less
gorgeous trappings. At the Art Students'
.League it was a relief to find a woman
posed in a tender half-light, gowned in
simple pray, with her hands folded In her
lap.
The unfortunate artist must live— the
picture-buyer Insists upon Italian cour
tiers or Moorish bandits or immaculate
French or Dutch women in sabots and
fresh white caps. The same prejudice ex
ist- for the purchase of pictures of foreign
artists with foreign names.
How many good San Franciscans own a
William Chase? I know of two. One,
the figure of a girl, once tho property of
F.rml Carlsen; the other, the head of a
child, belongs to Rudolf Taussie, and was
shown at the exhibition of the portraits of
women. I know of no landscape. Mr.
Chase paints— and paints exquisitely— in
New York and theenviron*. Who has not
seen in the exhibitions of Paris or Munich
the level lawns of Central Park, the
smooth paths, the charmine lake, the
children sailing their little boats! He has
been for j ears the president of the Society
of American Artists, and an acknowledged
authority at home and abroad— yet he was
sold out by the Sheriff not too long ago.
How many San Franciscans own a
Dewing, or a Kenyon Cox, or % George de
.Forest Brush, or have ever heard of them?
Mr. Brown and his street arabs stand for
the general public as the ideal American
art. •
Paris has an indescribable attraction to i
every art student— the guy, reckless, pic
turesque side of life has been done such
ample justice in the memoirs of artists,
in the novel and short story. The Latin '
Quarter! The left bank of the Seine! The
very names give a little thrill.
To quote a young American sirl who
had driven through this wonderful Latin
Qaarter: "Wny, there is nothing there to
ccc— it is just like any other poor part of
Paris!"
Young men and women with money to
Spend may find in Paris the realization of
every desire— it is at once the cheapest and
the most expensive town in the world. :
For the majority, on microscopic allow
anoe, it is not all glitter and <rold. To live
au cinquieme or higher, to rise in a chill
and shivering dawn, to light the tire or to
do without one, to share a slatternly ser
vant with four or rive amiable brother or
Bister artists; to cook the lean and hungry
mutton chop over a smoking tire, to attack
in a stranee tongue the sympathies and
antipathies of a foreign country— all these
things suggest infinite possibilities of lone
liness and disillusionment.
It will be my object to present dispas- '
Eionately the advantages of schools in New
York, with as much practical information
as possible — to be followed later by similar
article* on the schools of London ami Paris.
In order to be accurate, I shall quote freely \
from the catalogues and circulars.
The most important school in New York
is the Art Students League, which was
founded on the 2d of June, 1872, Incor- ■
porated in 1878, and which has recently !
settled in the charming building, 215 West ■
Fifty-seventh street, sharing it with the
Boctety of American Artists.
It was established and is maintained by !
art students of New York for the purpose
Of giving academic instruction in drawing,
painting, modeling and composition. It '
IS an entirely self-supporting and co- '
operative institution. It is managed by a
board of control, consisting of twelve i
members of the league, elected annually, I
who receive no remuneration for their
services. A majority of tne members of
the board are actually at work in the i
classes.
Artists and students intending to make i
art a profession and who have worked in i
the life classes three months may be
elected members of the league if recom
mended as eligible by tne board of control.
At the end of the school year the award of '
the Henderson scholarship of $250 and a !
year's tuition will be made to tue student !
having done the best work of the season, j
A prize of $50 is awarded to the student
of the modeling classes who models the !
best figure. There is a formidable list of |
instructors: George R. Barsejr., J. Car- i
roll Beckwith, Georpe de Forest Brush,
Clifford Carieton, William M. Chase, '
Kenyon Cox, Mary T. Lawrence, H. Sid- ]
dons Mowbray, Robert Reid, Augustus
St. Gaudens, J. H. Twarhtman, Douglas
Yolk, J. Alden Weir, Irvinsr 11. Wiles.
The drawing classes consist of morning, '
afternoon and evening classes in the pre- '
paratory antique, the antique and life.
The hours are from 8 a. m. to IS m., from
12 : 30 p. M. to 4 :30 p. m. and from 7 to 10 p. m.
The morning and afternoon classes are
(by the month) $8, iroru January to June
$35, from October to June $50.
The modeling classes consist of morning
and evening classes, modeling in clay
from cast and life. The hours are from
8:30 a. M. to 12:30 P. m. and from 7 to 10
p. m. Additional classes afternoon and
evening are added as may be required.
A reduction of 25 per cent is made to
students working in two- of the above
classes.
The painting classes consist of morning
and afternoon classes, painting from the
ccad, the draped model or still life. The
hours are from 8:30 to 12 and from 1 to 1.
The painting classes are (by the month)
$12, from January to June $50, from Octo
ber to June $70.
The sketch classes are $2 a month or $1
for students working in any other class.
The requirements for admission are al
vravs the same in all the schools.
F\>r the life class the student must sub
mit a drawing of a full-length nude figure
from cast or life.
For the painting classes drawings from
casi or life.
For the antique a drawing from the cast.
For the modeling classes examples of
drawing or modeling.
Instructors, preparatory antique— J. H.
Twachtman, pupil of lioulanger and Le
febvre; Douglas Yolk, pupil of Gerome.
Antique— J. Carroll Be'cicwitb, pupil of
Carolus Duran; Douglas Yolk.
Life classes (drawing, painting and com
position)—H. Siddons Mowbray, pupil of
Bonnat; Kenyon Cox, pupil of Gerome
and Carolus Duran; George R. Barse Jr.,
pupil of Cabanel, Boulanger and Lefebvre;
George de Forest Brush, pupil of Gerome.
Modeling classes — Augustus Saint-Gau
riens, pupil of Jouffroy; Mary T. Law
rence, pupil of Saint-Gaudens.
Painting classes — William M. Chase,
D'i,oil *>f Piloty. During the absence of |
THE
ART SCHOOLS.
Mr. Chase in Europe Robert Blum has
taken his place. J. Alden Weir, pupil of
Gerome; Robert Reid, pupil of Boulanger !
and Lefebvre.
Sketch classes— lrving R. Wiles, pupil <
of L. M. Wiles. Lefebvre, Carolus Duran;
Clifford Carieton, pupil of the Art Stu- !
dents' League.
The building is new. the studios beauti
fully lighted and arranged. A large room i
has been set aside for a members' room,
fitted ud with tables for writing, with
bookcases, with great armchairs ana
divans. In the moments of deep de- [
pression which so frequently attack a stu
dent after a criticism it is a delightfully
quiet place to indulge ir%"the blues," to
recuperate, to read quietly or to rest.
The lunchroom Is another admirable
feature of the school. No more meager
luncheons of sandwiches and an apple
eaten hurriedly in a corner or spread, like
an offering, at the feet of a plaster god.
Here it is possible to get hot dishes, well
served, at the most reasonable prices.
There are at present more than a thou
sand pupils; sometimes over six hundred
are in attendance at once.
Around the corner from the Art Stu
dent:-' League, in Carnegie* Hall, among a
perfect hotbed of studios, ii the Metropoli
tan School of Fine Arts.
The requirements for admission and the j
prices for the different classes are the same I
as in the league, with the exception of the
painting c-lasses, which are $10 a month, •
instead of $12.
In consequence of the closing of the i
A JAPANESE SKETCH— One of the Delicate Pastel Studies That Now Adorns the
Studio of Theodore Wores in New York City.
schools of the Metropolitan Museum, the
Metropolitan school was formed by stu
: dents of that institution on the same gen
; eral plan as the Art Students' League.
; Thi instructors are H. Siddons Mowbray
: for the life class, J. Carroll Beckwith for
; painting and drawing from still life and
portrait, Herbert A. Levy for antique, B.
West Cllnedinst advanced antique, George
M. Keers e%*euing and advanced antique.
I and a special class in illustrations and
compositions in charge of the well-known
illustrator, Charles S. Rein hart.
The oldest school in New York is the
, Academy of Designs. On the Bth of No
, vember, 18:13. a number of young artists
i and students established the New York
! Drawing Association, and soon after, on
the ltfth of January, 1626, they resolved
themselves into a new organization to be
known as the National Academy of the
j Ar:s of Design. They thereupon chose
j from their number fifteen artists wno were
! directed to choose fifteen others—the thirty
thus selected to constitute the new society.
Of this body of founders the last sur
j vivor, Thomas S. Cummings. N. A., who
1 was for many years the treasurer and at
; one time the vice-president of the academy,
i died September 25, 1894. There are but
i few familiar names among these thirty
I founders— alas, for the mutability of fame !
; Rembrandt Peale, John Vanderlyn,
, Thomas Cole, Henry Suman. In the list
! of students of the National Academy for
the last sixty years we may find the names
i of many of the most eminent artists of
i America.
The antique clashes are in charge of
Francis C. Jones, N. A., and Edgar M.
Ward, N. A. The day life classes are in
charge of Charles Y. Turner. The night
i life class and the portrait-painting classes
are in charge of Edgar M. Ward. N. A.
The still life class is in charge of Francis
C. Jones, N. A. James D. Smillie gives
instruction in etching and Olive L. Warner
in modeling.
The National Academy has occupied for
many years the line old building on the
corner of Twenty-third street and Fourth
avenue, but in the spring it is to follow
the movement uptown and there will be
one landmark the less, for the historic
building is to be torn down.
One of the most interesting of the New
York »choois is that of Applied Design for
Women at 200 West Twenty-third street.
The School of Applied Pesicn for Women
was organized by Mrs. Dunlap Hopkins,
who is at present in London assisting in.
the attempt to found a similar Bchool
there. Its purpose was to afford instruc
tion which will enable women to earn a
livelihood by the employment of their
taste and manual dexterity in the appli
cation of ornamental design to manufac
ture and the arts. An extensive field lies
open for the employment of women who
qualify themselves to enter upon it, in
making designs for carpets, wallpapers,
oilcloths, silks, cretonnes, chintzes, furni
ture, book-covers, illustrations, and for
many other branches of manufacture in
volving the use of ornamental designs.
This gives the manufacturers the oppor
tunity for securing good designs from a
practical training school. The occupa
tion of a capable designer is continuous
and permanent, and it is work for which
women are especially adapted. Akin to
this is the work of the architect's draughts
man, which position women fill, with
practical training, fully as well as men.
The instructors are practical men and
women actually employed in manufac
tories or architects' offices.
The elementary department consists of
a course in object drawing, in perspective,
in geometrical design, a course in the con
struction of curves, the conventionaliza
tion of natural forms, cast drawing, etc.
The historic ornament consists in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
study of antique ornament— Egyptian,
Assyrian. Greek, Roman, Moorish. Byzan
tine; the application of design to tne
ma " vf acture of wall paper, carpet and [
silk; the application of elementary in
struction to the work of an architect's
draughtsman, to illustrating and lithog
raphy. There are special courses in book
co^er designing, in stained glass, etc.
The details of class work vary from year
to year. All students are required to
study the course in historic ornament,
which extends through two years and is
included in the regular tuition. The fees i
are |>i 0 for the year, or at the rate of $20 1
per term. The special courses are each |25. I
During the past year designs to the
amount of $4879 have been sold by the
students. They receive the entire amount
of these sales, as no commission is ac
cepted by the school.
There are any number of scholarships
and prizes offered by the patrons of the
school and by many of the largest houses
for wallpaper and carpets.
A mixed school for men and women is
the Artist-Artisan Institute and Mrs.
Coy s School of Industrial Art and Techni
i cal Design. 140 West Twenty-third street.
I For many years the board directory of
I the \. W. C. A. has done an important
I work as a bureau of information for
women seeking board in hotels, bcarding
| houses or homes. By careful investiga
tion of the houses offering such accommo
dations they were able to recommend such '
places to women coming as strangers to
this great metropolis.
Many difficulties have beset this work,
and especially where the stay was to be
short. Those who keep Doarding-houscs
are generally unwilling to receive tran
sient guests, and hotels are too expensive
for the means of the average self-support
ing woman.
Mrs. Elliott F. Shepard, one of the vice
presidents of the association, conceived
I the generous design of supplying to self
] supporting women the accommodation
they so sorely needed. Few women would
have had the power to execute such an
undertaking, and by the desire of many
friends the home bears the came of its
founder.
The Margaret .Louise Home was for
mally opened to the public on Monday
January lU, 1891.
The building, 14 and 1G East Six-
I teenth street, is a handsome six-story
j structure. The Romanesque front is
I of brownstone; the stairways are of stone,
with iron balusters.
The restaurant and lower halls look out
i upon a sheltered courtyard, full of flowers.
A Cottage Designed by Misses Gannon anJ Hands in the Architect's Office of
tho School of Applied Design for Women in New York City.
The lower floor is of marble mosaic and
the wainscoting in tiles. Everything is
in a soft, subdued color and in "excellent
taste. Four floors are devoted entirely to
bedrooms, while on the toD floor, in ad
dition to bedrooms, are the linen and
cedar closets and a laundry. The
roof has a pavement of fire-proof brick
and is furnished with chairs and settees
and on summer evenings forms a most at
tractive resting-place.
The price of single rooms is 60 cents a
day ; rooms with two beds, 80 cents. The
limit of time for each guest is four weeks.
The restaurant is open to women only.
The prices by the week are for lunch $I
breakfast and dinner $'-•&>; breakfast'
lunch and dinner $3 50. The single meals
are breakfast 20 cents, lunch 20 cents, din
ner 30 cents.
Down in Washington squaie Emil Carl
sen and Guy Rose have their studios. Mr.
Carlsen has a magnificent workshop big
and empty. He is painting a landscape of
a group of beautiful bare trees that make a
framed picture of one of his windows. v -
There are any number of San Fran
ciscans who have drifted to New York to
remain; there are not many art students
from California.
Theodore Woros has a delightful studio
in Carnegie Hall full of, Japanese sugges
tions; the gold Buddha still grins ecstati
cally from his corner table, everywhere are
Japanese carvings and embroideries. A
charming model In a Japanese gown rested
on a divan. He has a number of delicate
pastel studies — one of a girl standing be.
fore an idol to whom she is apparently of
fering up her prayers, while wreaths of
smoke rise from the taper in her hand-
How long Mr. Wores may remain in New
York 'is an open question. He suggests
India as the future goal of his travels.
Sir. Irwin is in the same building busy
with a number of portraits.
' , Van Dtck Brown.
New York. Mhv 18. 18.96.
TRAVELING DOWN
THE COAST RANGE,
By Rail and Stage From San
Luis to Lompoc and Santa
Barbara.
THROUGH GAVIOTA PASS.
A Ccuntry of Magnificent Undeveloped
Resources Anxiously Waiting the
Coming Railrosd.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 22.—
Our California, pulsing with hope and
energy, moves forward so stead ily from
victory to victory that we sometimes for
get to note how fast a beautiful and un
trammeled past is disappearing, and for
ever. The great estates, or ranches, with
all that they typify, are being fenced,
divided, modernized. The railroad is
gathering up links long neglected and
welding them together. The days of the
stage coach are nearly ended. When the
Coast Railroad is finished to Santa Bar
bara we may well mingle with our cup of
rejoicing a drop of regret for that upon
which Ichabod is already written— the age
of the pioneer. Let us, then, take a little
journey together, dear reader. Perchance
we shall see somewhat of that which -we
shall have lost when the last spike is
hammered home.
South by rail from San Francisco on the
Coast division brings one, after nine hours
of travel, to San Luis Obispo, in the midst
of pointed, cloud-capped peaks. Here the
old route ends; here progress has already
won mastery. Beyond San Luis Obispo
lies a region as yet comparatively unknown ]
to the summer tourist One can go to !
Santa Barbara by two routes from San |
Luis Obispo — by the narrow-gauge and by
stage, or by the broad-gauge to Viaduct,
j the present terminus, beyond Someo,
thence by staee to Lompoc and beyond.
Tho former route at present gives less
staging— about forty-five miles— while the
latter requires twelve miles of staging to
Lompoc and sixty-five miles beyond to ]
Santa Barbara, seventy-seven miles in all. I
Both routes are extremely interesting, but i
the longer one was selected, as it lies^more I
nearly along the projected route of the •
railroad. It will shorten steadily, and as
soon as the terminus moves south of the j
crossing oi the Lompoc River staging by I
this route will reach its picturesque prime. !
1 hat stretch of weary sand dunes over
which horses can hardly drag a stage now i
constitutes the worst part of the whole '
journey.
South of San Luis Obispo. in the last
hours of the afternoon, the land fleams I
ana glows with beauty. One sees half
abandoned orchards sown to grain and
well-kept orchards sloping up the hill.
Old farmhouses nestle in the hollows; new
villages art- springing into life. One no
tices the nearly universal use of Monterey
cypress lor hedges and wind-breaks, as
around the new station of Edna, for in- i
stance. There are very few eucalypti
here, but the cypress walls extend For
miles, Mocking out whole quarter-sec
tions. A lovely winding valley opens up !
Price Canyon the railroad men cal) it.
The broadgauge crosses the narrow-gau<*e '
track here. Higu, wonderful to see, a!
masa Of dark bituminous rock rises like a
huge Gibraltar promontory. Below it, '
without unduly straining one's imagina
tion, you observe a huge lion's massive
head, nature-hewn in living rock. !
Around, for miles, are scattered" aepbal
tnm springs and mines of asphaltum. In
warm, sheltered nooks, which seem abso
lutely frostless, are fields of corn and
beans. Small oak groves, but not so fine
as those farther south, appear on either
.band.
Next come narrower canyons, and slop-
ing hillsides rising into wind-swept ridges.
Wild Mowers are blooming everywhere on
the slopes — not the goldeu hues so com
mon farther north, but more delicate
shades of rose and purple.
It is said that beautiful crystals of
quartz are found In these mountains.
Here and there, on little "flats" of black
soil, are fragmentary orchards. At one
curve we notice a large fig and olive,
Spanish-planted a generation ago.
Next comes a glimpse of Pisnio, and the
long, wide beach of sloping sand extend
ing south. One could easily drive eighteen
miles on this beautiful beach, one of the
finest in America. Here the railroad line
touches the ocean cliffs. We first enter
upon the realm <>f sea dunes. Art and
literature lairly revel in pictures and de
scriptions of the rolling sandhills under
blue sky by the salt ocean. Infinite vari
ety of color in the sand itself, in its green
cloak of plants and its varied blossoms. A
wonderful life and a terrible desolation; a
land that is set apart forerer from the rest
of California. Here is an immense area
that never can bo fit for homes. It belongs
at present to the dairyman, the hunter,
the gypsy and the artist. Some time it
will belong to the forester, and the State
will take up the great work of fencing
back these giant sand waves creeping
steadily inland by planting millions of
pine trees. Alone the railroad track of
this part of the division the Southern Pa
cific has found it necessary to run wing
fences along the seaward side in many a
zigzag, and to "blanket" the steeper slopes
with adobe. It will be an unending fight
against the sand until forests of pine are
planted.
Meanwhile, however, one fragment of
rich country breaks the sand barrier. At
Oceano, a little new town at the mouth of
the Arroyo Grande, we can look eastward
and see the wide sweep of that wonder
fully fertile territory known as the Arroyo
Grande region. A little below we eioss
the valley itself. Years ago this] was an
almost continuous forest of giant willows.
The thickets have been cleared and the
little farms have a satisfying look of pros
perity. The town of Arroyo Grande, with
2500 inhabitants, lies a few miles back, on
the narrow-gauge. One is told that $25
per acre is annually paid as rental for
these bottom lauds. The district has sev
eral times taken prizes at Eastern vege
table exhibits for the largest vegetables
grown in America. I hesitate to say how
many hundred pounds the prize squashes
have weighed or how many feet long was
the prize carrot.
We have a fascinating glimpse of a blue
lake a few acres in extent lying among the
high sand hills. In a little while longer
we swing into Santa Maria Valley, an im
mense gray plain of fallow land ready for
beans and late crops and streaked with
broad green bands of growing cereals.
Soon we are at Guadaloupe and have
crossed the line into Santa Barbara
County. We look outward to a vast circle
of cloudy hills, the rim of the great valley.
Narrow ribbons of swamp lie near at hand.
Bits of unbroken territory still unutilized,
dotted with gray sage, rise like islands
from the plain. The whole valley, though
pulsing with new life and vigor, is yet
near its sleepy past of Spanish dominion.
The new and the old are struggling to
gether. BlacK shanties and crumbling
adobes arc on one side, while on the other,
crowning a hillock, is the new high school
building with its western frontage flaming
in the setting sun. At the station is a
motley crowd, American, Norwegian, In
dian and Spanish. New farm wagons,
freshly painted, stand in line with buggies
and carts, while an old Mexican mounted
on a cavorting mustang gallops down the
street
At Guadalupe we obtain the first clear
evidence that we are in the midst of a
growing railroad division. Here are con
struction trains on four or five sidetracks.
Here also are huge piles of iron girders
and bridge timbers. Below the track one
sees half an acre of carts and wagons. The
cities of tents are farther on, at the front.
Nevertheless Guadalupe swarms with
contractors, railroad men and speculators.
A breezy life pulses through "the p.'ace.
It carries my thoughts back to pioneer
Salinas in the later Ws, when the rail
road had just reached tbat place and the
town concluded to macadamize its main
street, do some building and wake itself
up.
The beauty of the Guadalupe region is
in its broad blue lagoon, the narrow, wind
ing Lake of Guadalupe, three miles long,
which adds a great charm to the place.
Grazing upon its banks are several hun
dred dorses belonging to contractors. The
word has pone out that they have gland
ers, ana the whole band will fall before
the nile within a few days.
Schuman Canyon comes next. It is a
dairy region. One sees many cattle and
dozens of calves in pretty groups along the
converging ridges. Soon we reach Someo.
the beginning of the tented towns of the
railroad-builders, a land of sea sights and
sounds, an ocean rim of yellow lupins ana
hills of shifting sands. Point Sal uplifts
from the sea i*s wild wave-beleaguered
promontory. Far beyond it trails the
dark smoke of a passing steamship. A
lew moments more of this rapid rush
through the sand-drifts and we are where
the god Terminus, that lord of ever
advancing boundaries, at present holds
his court. The railroad ends in a mound
of sand. Tents rill the adjacent hoilowsi
A vast barranca seems to forbid further
advance; but the framework of a half
built bridge blackens the last gleams of
twilight, and far beneath it, in the willows
of the river, other tent-dwellers have taken
siu-lter.
Baggaee and mail are tossed off in the
sand. We climb into the stage for a ride
of twelve miles to Lompoc. It takes six
horses to pull the vehicle through the
sandhills and up the grade to the mesa.
We go at a walk for several miles; the
darkness deepens; the fog blots out the
stars. Congenial spirits bearin to exchange
stories wild and weird: social life is evi
dently the only resource left. After awhile
the driver lights the side lamps. The
road, long winding about tie desolate
•ihaparral heath, begins to swing down the
gulches toward the Lompoc.River. The
light gleams fitfully on the horstfs, cnang
ing them to ghostly black and white mon
sters; it flashes into the pale tree tops;
it reveals unimaginable deeps beyond the
crumbling verge. As we ride down the
ravine some of us remember Pc Quincey's
famous description of the flying stage
coach in his "Vision of Sudden Death."
Lompoc was reached at 9 o'clock and
we went to bed at a neat, well-kept new
hotel, a credit to the town. In the morn
ing at 7 the stage was ready to take us on
our way. Loinpoc is a lovely and rich
valley, notable these many years for its re
sources and for the sturdiness of its pio
neers. The railroad line will pass about
nine miles west of the town, and for a few
years the business of the valley will main
tain a thriving stage line along the river.
But railroad men tell me that it is only a
question of time when a branch line will
thread the valley and reach the rich back
country. I renienlber Loinpoc town in
the days of its beginnings, when half a
dozen new shantie* clustered close to the
western ridge. Now it is as comfortable
and prosperous a valley town as one could
wish to see. It did one's heart good to
note how burly and strong the pioneer
baby of a village had become.
The stage journey south of Lompoc be
gins at once to be attractive. We pass
through rape fields in blossom. Children
are out, bean-planting in the bottom lands.
Malva hedges twelve feet high are near
the roadside. We turn into the hills and
through a gate enter the Sal si Puedes or
"Get out if you can" rancho, a part of the
Hollister estate.
For nearly thirty miles we have now to
cross the great unpeopled land of magni
ficent Spanish ranches. It is difficult to
describe its richness and beauty, the noble
aspects of its scenery, the loveliness of its
wonderful fertile valleys, the silence of its
unbroken sleep. Thou marvelous, thou
long-beloved land of ruined Spanish
houses, of oak forests unsurpassed else*
where in California, of mountains flaming
with bloom, "golden spurs" of mountain
ridges high rising in the white clouds,
low sinking among the oaks. Thou land
of the shepherd, the herdsman, the
hunter and the fisherman, fair, large,
hospitable ranch-houses, where the
wanderer may rest. The end of it all
is very very Bear. Such land was
meant for higher human uses. The Ilol
lister ranches, the preat Dibblee ranch and
others that extend far west to Point Con
cepcion will be divided and thousands of
homes will occupy the region.
Our route is pan the famous San Julian
ranch house with its sheltered courtyard,
its tall cypresses, its great sheep-barns,
sheds, dipping-tanks and corrals. In its
gardens are wide masses of Castilian roses
run wild; on its hillsides are thou
sands • of nibbling sheep, slow-moving
across unmeasured acres of wild flowers
and grasses. Silhouetted against the sky
the shepherds and their dogs look down
upon the stageroad winding through oak
clad valleys, it is a land of singing birds:
whole troops of brill iant-plumaged orioles
and wild canaries are moving through the
trees. Soon we reach the parting of the
road. One fork leads to Los Olivos and
Najoqni; the other, which we take, is the
i old coast route by Gaviota.
La Gaviota Pass, the pass of the Sea
gull, is one of the most wonderful of
| breaks in a shapely outlined rockwall
that exist in California's Coast Kange.
After a considerable descent along the
canyon we turn between overhanging
crags and face the ocean again. The river
winds to the beach through an ancient
lagoon, silted up with sediment. Once it
was a blue lakelet, and it may be so again
if the ocean builds a sufficient wall of sand
on the seaward side.
Our course lies down the coast, along
the low cliffs and narrow space between
wave and mountains. We are slrirting
the shores of the broad Santa Barbara
Channel, with the fair, large isles of Santa
Cruz and Santa Rosa Keeping guard on
the horizon's rim. Wild mustard is in
bloom along the shore for miles on miles.
Blue skies, blue seas and lavish gold of
this most vivid golden flower illuminate
this lovely lotus land. Still the great
ranches rule, still the world sleeps and
waits and blossoms by a thousand name
less bays and promontories full fronting
on southern seas.
How beautiful the old-time names all
i along this route! After leavinc La Gaviota
I we pass Arro Honda (abbreviated from
Arroyo), Quemada, La Patera. The nar
row rim of fertile land widens into that
lovely land of gardens, the northern
suburbsof Santa Barbara itself. Eastward,
behind hills of green and gold, rise dark
mountains of rock and chaparral. Above
them a river of white clouds flows, gleam
ing in the sunshine. The sea mists veil
the islands. Mingled lights ana shadows,
sun, wind and rain, struggle together in
this great land. Through a rift in the
clouds the sunlight pours down on the old
M ission towers. We are at the very gates
of Santa Barbara, the long stage ride of
i seventy-seven miles, through one of the
most attractive portions of the coast range,
draws to a close, and in a few minutes our
horses hoofs are on the asphaltum pave
i ment. Charles H. Shuts.
BEAUTY'S EVES.
Her *>>•«« are the mist of the morning
When the nleut ha« been still.
And the earliest flush of the dawning
Rises over the hill.
Though the field and the woodland and river
On earth's bosom slept
They would answer and tremble and quiver
If she wept.
Her eyes are the starlight of even.
When the moon Is away,
Aud mystery reigns in the heaven
In her mantle of gray.
Though the spheres were with sorrow o'erladen
By the aires defiled.
Vet their song would respond to the maiden
If she smiled. —Times of India.
•Ub
[All communications concerning whist, an-
Bwer« to problems, etc., should be addressed,
Whist Editor," Call, City.]
Many beginners at whist seldom if ever
lay any importance on the subject of dis
carding. Few poiuts of whist-play are
more important, and, it might be added,
few are more neglected than the discard.
An original discard is like an original lead
in its significance; a forced discard has a
meaning akin to that of a forced lead. It
is as important to distinguish a forced
from an original discard as to avoid mis
taking a lead from weakness for a lead
from strength; and finally, to discard
properly at the close of a hand, often re
quires as much skill as the art of rightly
placing the lead at that stage of the game.
When you have to discard to the first
suit led, that suit being plain, and no in
dication having been given of trump
strength anywhere, your course is simple.
If the plain suit is your partner's, you dis
card from your shortest suit, unless in so
doing you have to unguard a king or j
queen, when, unless you are very strong
in trumps, it is better to discard from the
suit whicn needs least protection; though,
of course, you would unguard a king or i
queen unhesitatingly rather than injure a i
long and strong suit of your own.
If the suit (plain) which you first fail in
is your adversary's you equally discard ■
from your shortest suit, in general; but to |
the exceptions just noted may be added, j
first, tne case where you have to leave an I
ace single, aud, second, the case of your
shortest suit being a singleton. For when i
an adversary's suit has been exhausted j
your weakest suit is likely to be your i
partner's best, ana it may be a matter of ;
great importance later to give him a lead
in it. But if your own suit is strong as j
well as long, aud you are fairly strong in !
trumps, you may more safely uncover an !
ace or discard asingleton, for the close of
the hand is more likely to be under your
OOntrol than under your partner's. You
must weieh the chances, and take your j
chance, just as you have to do when forced j
to lead from a weak suit without knowl
edge how your partner stands in it.
When trump strength has been declared
either by the signal or by a lead before. the
occasion comes for a discard, or when you j
have to discard to trumps, the general
rule is, discard from your weakest suit if
trump strength lies or appears to lie with
you and your partner; from your longest
and best protected suit when trump
strength lies or appears to lie with the !
adversaries. But so long as there ia a I
chance of bringing in your long suit you ;
should not discard from it. While doubt
remains as to the position of trump !
strength avoid unguarding king or queen, i
uncovering an ace, or discarding a single
ton; but when it is certain that your part
ner has commanding strength in trumps
you need be less careful on these points,
for there is little to fear but that your
partner will get the lead wh»n he wants iz. ,
Albeit, cases sometimes arise where your j
long suit is worthless, and so much niani
festly depends on your giving your partner ;
a lead, or keeping guarded a strong card :
in his suit, that you must discard, even '■
originally, from your long suit. Common- |
sense must guide you in such cases. Re- j
member, however, as a general jrule for !
learners, that your original discard indi
cates your shortest suit if trump strength i
is not declared against you, your longest !
suit if it is. Subsequent discards have no
such significance. One of the most im
portant points in whist training is to learn i
to notice the original discard of each play- !
er as carefully as you should notice his j
lead. Until you do this you cannot prop- j
erly be said to play whist at all.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The entire management of the Brooklyn
Whist Congress, which will be the great
est gathering of whist-players the world
has ever seen, is in the hands of the League
tournament committee, consisting of:
Robert H. Weems, Brooklyn, chairman;
Milton C. Work, Philadelphia; John T.
Mitchell. Chicago; E. T. Baker, Brooklyn ;
E. Le Roy Smith, Albany, and P. J. Tor
niev, San "Francisco.
We are asked this question : "W T hen is a
player justified in calling for trumps?"
Our answer, in as few words as possible, is:
Whenever you are strong enough in
trumps and plain suits to say to your part
ner, "Surrender your entire hand to mine;
I will promise you something handsome
on our score," call then fearlessly. We
will state that whist-players of the first
rank seldom call.
What is the correct lead, holding king,
queen and two small trumps, partner hav
ing signaled?
Our table published May 3 gives you the
information, but to settle the dispute, the
queen sbottld be led, followed with king,
uiaiks four trumps in the hand at least.
In answer to the question, "is it custom
ary to declare one suit trumps for the
whole evening?" we will say, no.
The rule adopted by the American Whist
League and which governs the play of all
league clubs reads as follows:
The trump card must be recorded before the
play begins on a slip provided for that pur
pose. When the deal has been played the slip
on which the trump has been recorded must
be placed by the dealer on the top of his cards,
but the trump card must not be again turned
until the hands are taken up for the purpose
of overplaying them, at which time it must be
turned and left face upward on the table until
it is the dealer's turn to play to the first trick.
The slip on which the trump card is recorded
must be turned face downward as soon as tho
trump card is taken up by the dealer.
WHISTLETS.
The opening contest at the Brooklyn
Congress will be a match between the aux
iliary associations Monday afternoon and
evening, June 22. Brooklyn gives a tro
phy to the winner of this contest, which
will be hereafter subject to challenge.
The only associations that will be able to
compete in this matter will be the New
England, New Jersey and Indiana.
The New York Whist Club, a club re
cently organized in the city of New York
and just admitted to the American Whist
League, is going to send a "short suit
team" to the Brooklyn congress to cap
ture the Hamilton tiophy. The American
Whist Club of Boston "tried that same
thing last year at Minneapolis, and they
came pretty near staying in one whole
day— out of the five.
One of "the brightest things we hive re*.
celved in many a day is the comment of
Mrs. F. H. Atwater of Petaluma on the
outlines of E. C. Howell's new book now in
press. In a letter to our Whist Editor she
says :
Ever since we received the April number of
Whist I have been wondering how they play
"short suit system," so you may know now
pleased I was to receive the advanced sheet* of
this new book you so kindly sent me. 1 hardly
know what to make of it. There are certainly
some good points in it and it looks reasonable
that every hand should not be "run through
the same mill" as Foster says. I don't think
I should like to be obliged to follow Mr. How
ell's system exclusively either. I wonder why
he seems to think that he is always to have op
ponents that cannot understand his style, and
always a partner that knows all his leads. If
all four at the table should play the same way
I wonder then who would be fooled the most?
Foster always writes the same way, always tell
ing the partner the truth and at the same time
misleading the opponents. Such books stir
people up and set them to thinking, so there
is something gained any way. To one like me
who only knows the ABC, etc., of the game,
it looks very much like a whist wind. [Com
ment: "A one."— Whist Ed.]
John T. Mitchell has a new edition of
his boot on "Duplicate Whist" in the
press of Ihling Bros. & Everard of Kala
mazoo. This will be a very interesting
work for all lovers «f Duplicate Whist
and the game generally.
The E/ening Telegraph of Philadelphia
says:
The whist editor of the St. Louis (Uobe-Demo
crat is said to be a "Jap." We cannot vouch
for the accuracy of this .statement, but can for
the ability witn which lie manages his depart
ment.
San Francisco was once the home of the
Globe whisj editor. St. Louis must have
a bad effect on him to transform him into
a "Jap."
The Vallejo Whist Club is about to
challenge again for the Rideout trophy.
That's right, boys; it keeps up the inter
est in the game we all love.
Miss Rosella Trist, daughter of Nicholas
Browse Trist, father of the American
whist leads, is one of the most successful
whist teachers in this country. Her home
is in New Orleans.
There was a lull in the very earnest con
versation of the whist game, when one of
the players said :
Whist Is a game inported from India, Isn't
How did you get that idea?
From the rubbers. India-rubber, you know
Town Topics.
The Union League Club of Philadelphia
comes into the whist fold. The following
is from the Evening Telegraph of May 8:
The victory of the card-players at the Union
League last night is a great triumph for whist.
For years unsuccessful attempts have been
made with more or less earnestness to intro
duce cards in this most conservative organiza
tion, but the efforts have always been futile,
owing to the fear of many members that cards
and gambling would prove inseparable. The
whist boom, however, has shown to all fair
minded people that this fear was groundless,
and this combined with whist's popularity
caused the tremendous sniftof sentiment evi
denced by last night'a meeting. It was a veri
table whist triumph.
The great objection to ever allowine
caras to be introduced in this club was the
fear that whist might be played for money,
and if such a thing ever did happen it
would injure the high patriotic and
National character the club has always
enjoyed.
From a letter from one of our whist
readers we quote the following:
We always have a wild scramble for Thi
Call every Sunday morning, all on account of
your whist column. Everything stops until
that is read. We do enjoy it hugely.
Petaluma has a whist club and the Trist
Duplicate Whist Club of this City is pain
fully aware of it, having lost two matches
to them. But it is not to be wondered at
that Petaluma can play a good game of
whist when they have such a brilliant
little whist enthusiast as Mrs. F. H.
Atwater. One of her letters to Whist
about two years ago caused a great deal of
discussion "among the giants of the game,
and the end is not yet.
We have stated several times that our
Whist Column was for students. The fol
lowing table of questions was kindly fur
nished us by Mrs. P. H. Atwater for be
ginners, and to encourage them in their
study we will give one year's subscription
to Whist for the best answers:
1 a— What would you lead in suit holding X
Q 10 6 3?
b— What would you lead in trumps holding
KQ1063?
2 a— What would you play second hand hold
ing A X 10 5 on the 8 led ?
b— What would you play second nand hold
ing X J 10 2 on the 4 led?
3 a— What would you play second hand hold
ing O j 4 3 on the « led?
b- Wl.at would you play second hand hold
ing J 10 4 on the 6 led?
4 a— What would you play third hand hold
ing 10 9 H 6 on the Q led by partner?
b— \\ hat would you play third hand hold
ing X J 4 2 on the 10 led by partner?
5 a— What w-ould you play third hand hold
ing A 0 on the J led by the partner?
b— What would you play third hand hold
ing A (i on the Q led by partner?
6 a— What would you play third hand hold
ing in trump* A X 6 3 on 4 led by part
ner and what would you return? "
b— What would you play third hand hold
ing in trumps A lo 5 on 3 led by part
ner and what would you return*
7 a— What would you play third hand hold
ing in suit O 10 4 3 on 8 led by partner?
b— What would you play third hand hold
ing in euttQ 10 4 3 on 7 led by partner?
8 a— Name two ways of knowing that your
partner is weak in trumps.
9 a— Name two times when you return your
partner's suit with the best your hand
contains.
10 a— When would you discard from your
ftrongest Buit?
b— When would you discard from you
wakett suit?
11 a— What would you lead if your partner
signaled for trumps and you held X 6
5 4 of trumps?
b— What would you lendTif your partner
signaled for trumps and yon held Q 4 3
trumps?
12 a— lf partner led A then 9of suit what
ought he to have remaining?
b— lf partner led J what ought he to have
remaining?
13 What do you consider the most impor
tant principle of whist?
Out of the 26 answers we have received
s>o far to problem G only one is correct.
Every one takes six tricks their way, but
they can all be stopped.
At a compass whist match in the Trist
Club rooms the other evening the deal
given below had a variation of five tricks.
North and South at one table made thir
teen tricks. Was it good play or luck ?
The play was as follows: "West opened
with queen hearts, trumped by South,
who led ace spades, then ace clubs
(trumps) followed by the 3. North, ex
hausted of trumps, returns spades, ana
South takes every remaining tricK.
At the other tables the opening was the
same. South trumping; then South led
ace spadts, following with king, which
Weßt trumped. East and West making
four and five tricks.
The ear of the Caucasian race is of mod
erate size, well formed, and neither closely
adherent to the head nor projecting.
NEW TO-DAY.
FQ jL. jom^ From V.S. Journal of XcHHru
'JZJLm^m*. Pro *-W.H.Peeke f who
m Rl fl^ makes a specialty of
' -A M I «L v Epilepsy, has without
H 3 doubt treated and cur-
M M ed more cases than any
living Physician ; his
H" B k. I success is astonishing.
rfflL *&» W^s^ w e & have beard of cases
z^^ of so years' standing
cured by
I ■ this dis.
KjUi lUs
ai.'w'iEfiMEF^if&isiK.WTa
2728
SEVERAL bright little dinners
were given on Monday last, and
the guests immediately afterward
were driven to the Baldwin to see
the "Countess Gucki," which was
presented in really delightful manner.
The house was the best seen for months,
and most of the gowns were refreshingly
bright and haudsome. Tne fair Countess
was a great success and every one re
marked on how perfectly her Empire
gowns and her wonderful headgear suited
her. I only trust we will not, as a re«ult
of the Countess' advent and these pleas
ant theater parties, have an epidemic of
Empire frocks, for they suit just about one
woman in twenty.
There is to be a large wedding on the
second of June, and on this occasion are
to beworn some towns which, I hear, will
call for more than a passing remark. I
am so *lad to tell you that the success of
the concert to be given on the 28th of this
month by the "Young Ladies' Orchestra 1 '
is an assured fact, as several of our best
known social leaders have manifested the
greatest interest in this wortby charity so
we will all of us who are left in town don
our prettiest frocks and be present.
Quite a number of invitations from
Berkeley reached here last week for a
reception. As a result, many spent
Wednesday pleasantly at one of the hos
pitable homes there. About 200 guests
were present.
I hear of numerous house parties, and
hope that this summer many garden
fetes will be given, as certainly "many of
the hostesses across the bay would "find
this a delightful way of entertaining their
friends. Fancy a gypsy tent under the
trees a target with prizes for the best
shot, a tennis court, and numerous tables
where one could have appropriate refresh
ments. What could be more charming?
Yachting Parties and Fetching Things
to Wear on the Water.
Yachting parties are already being j
planned and positively nothing is more
enjoyable than a sail and a dainty repast
under a canvas awning. Most of our
pretty girls are good sailors and are always
ready fur a cruise, and jauntily attir.ed in
immaculate white duck, or in fetching
dark blue serge. What a pity it is that
some maidens who are perfectly aware that
the slightest swell makes them seasick
will insist on going for a sail, as they in
variably suffer themselves and not infre
quently spoil the pleasure o f most of the
party? Take my advice, girls, and decline
such invitations, unless you have the
reauisite qualifications.
Eastern girls all last summer at Newport
wore a regulation veil, the color of the
sailor, and tied it neatly in the back to
keep stray hairs in place and give it a gen
eral nnish and touch of the becoming. A
second veil of brown chiffon was worn
loosely over this, like a valence, to protect
the skin, and was pinned in the back, so
that the ends could fall over the hair al
most to the nape of the neck. This will
undoubtedly be the fashion again, as there
is a cau^e for it ; but, of course, it is too
early in the season to assert it positively,
as sailors have scarcely made their appear
ance except 111 the shops. In order to have
a pinkish complexion, some women wear
a veil of pink tulle under the regular veil,
which certainly gives the desired result,
without being visible through the outer
veil.
Our artist has produced two of Red
fern's latest triumphs in yachting cos
tumes, of which I quote the descriptions:
No. 1 shows a n«;\v arrangement in navy
cloth serge adapted to resist the action of salt
water and sea air. Tne bodice, with plain
fitting back, is iashioncd uniquely in front
all igaro, to which is buttoned ouce on
either Bide a tabbed shield showing under it a
jersey-like orranKeii:eni formed of gobelin and
white striped Berge, flttingwell up to the neck
where It is finished by a pointed collar of the
navy serge and with loops o£ a bright French
plaid ribbon tied on either side. This plaid
ribbon in wider form appear.* also as 11 finish
at the waist, where it is threaded through the
overhanging box pleat of the bodice, and it la
tied in large bows at the buck. Sleeves ot the
new shape, with close-fitting armlets fitting up
to the shoulder pulls ana attached to them by
buttoned tabs, are finished at the wrist in
points edged with a fine pattern of cream and
gold braid; this is also used to embroider
the edge of the tigaro. The skirt of
new, moderately full shape, has insertions of
tlie striped strge on each front seam, these be
ing finished at the foot by tabbed shields of
navy ser»;e buttoned to the skirt on either
Bide and recalling thus the novel arrangement
of the bodice from. The sailor hat of cream
uianilla straw is furnished with bows and
loops 01 the nlaid ribbon used for neck and
waist, thus rendering it en suite with the
gown. No. 2 is a unique arrangement in white
cloth serge properly shrunk to permit of its be
ing eleuned without damage to the fit. The
moderately full plain skirt is made entirely of
tnis serge and the bodice is cut as a corselet
with fuil short basque drawn down through a
wide belt of the serge handsomely and
closely embroidered in a fine navy silk
cord; a scarf front of black and' white
striped silk is inserted immediately in the
center ot waist and fastened thereto
with four antiquely engraved gilt buttons. A
spiral or navy embroidery is worked from the
waist upward, finishing just under the bu-^t
giving an effect of slimness to the figure. The
sleeves of the new smaller shape are finished
at the wrist by an insertion ot th? cord em
broidery, and a filigree of the same work is
Introduced at the iront of collar. The smart
little Jigaro is of bright navy blue faced cloth,
with tabbed epuulettes arranged in sets of
three on either shoulder; the loops of gold
cord are finished by small gilt anchor buttons,
and, to five a soft finish to the front of the
cor.-.ciet, a jabot <>f navy and white figured
chiffon appears from either bide of the blue
fijjaro. 1 tie hat of small sailor shape, with
curled brim, is of rush plait, and is trimmed
With bows of whin- ribbon fastening the pin
ions of navy and white at the right vide.
The jacket illustrated, for either boating
or yachting, is of navy blue serge, with
gilt buttons enameled in blue. It is dou
ble-breasted and has a square collar braid
ed with white braid and a small inner one
of white serge. This jacket is unusually
well supplied with pockets.
Fawn Color for Cycling— How the
Fashionab c Bride Must Dress-
For cycling dresses fawn-colored cloth is
frequently chosen, and looks well when
made up into a good little coat and a sensi
ble skirt. White cloth is used in combi
nation with this also. For a schoolgirl a
costume of checked cheviot, tan Barred,
with white and black, white pique collar
THE LATEST
FASHION GOSSIP
FOR WOMEN AND MEN
belted with white kid belt, gigot sleeves,
white mull chemisette and stock is in very
good tastf.
Very lovely is a toilette in heliotrope j
crepe do chine. The skirt tit* closely at i
the hips. The front of the skirt is com
posed of insertions of creamy Valenci
ennes upon a deeper hue of heliotrope
silk, and at each seam is a narrow border
of chenille embroidery and applications
of Valenciennes. The chenille is brought
in as the stems and leaves of the lace flow
ers. Mousseline de soie, in two shades of
heliotrope, forms a double ruching round
the bottom of the skirt. The bodice is com
posed of loops of crepe de chine over Bilk,
and the sleeves ol finely drawn crepe are j
almost tight, without a sign of any puff
ing at the shoulder. Some beautiful Va
lenciennes extends in a double cascade
from throat to waist. How pretty a cer
tain belle will look when clad in just such
a gown at Del Monte.
Tulle and muslin gowns are being made
in many cases over striped silk and good
results are reported, for the stripes as seen
through the muslin and insertions are said
to be very pretty, and many of the latest
muslins have infinitesimal stripes, tiny
hand-embroidered dots or wee crossbars
of colored lines, but fashion smiles her
brightest on gowns of the sheerest organ
dies and muslins, when snowy white and
made with the smallest of tucks and frills,
with entredeux and edgings of black or
white lace. Puch frocks are usually made
over «lace silk.
The fashionable bride of to-day must
wear ivory white duchesse satin, and this
season at all the smartest weddings the
bridesmaids have worn white and green.
Such a delightfully cool looking combina
tion. As there are to be several country
weddings this summer as well as two or
more large ones in town some suggestions
may prove valuable.
At an out-of-town wedding a short time
ago the four bridesmaids wore lovely
cowns of white mousseline de soie, em
broidered in white silk dots. The bodices
were round and draped with short fichus
crossed at the bust and caught on the left
by a large green rose and foliage. They
wore coquettish Lam balls hats of green
tulle shirred with quillings and long scarf
draperies, and on one side smart taffeta
bows, upstanding. Broad sashes of three
thicknesses of green tulle floated over the
gowns in the back, giving an ideal light
ness and grace. Maidenhair bouquets were
carried tied with long white satin ribbons.
The effect was unique and charming, and
so harmonious with the youth and fresh
ness of their years.
At another wedding the maids wore
gowns of green mousseline de soie trimmed
on the bottom with preen ruchings and
worn over white silk slips. The full green
bodices were held in by broad empire
belts of white satin ribbon, fastening at
the back with silver buttons. Quaint
shoulder capes of white tulle, niched all
! over with narrow green and white plait
ings and high ruff to match, was an ex
quisite arrangement of color and form and
immensely becoming. Their hats were
built on the latest Paris model the brims
turning down over the hair, of white tulle,
; enwreathed with the finest green crepe foil-
I age, which is the latest fad for summer
floral garniture. At all events the maids'
frocks must convey an impression of be
ing light and absolutely lresh. Of cour>e
becomingness and suitability are to be
carefully considered. However it is not
at all requisite that the fabrics employed
should be of the finest and most expen
sive character, effectiveness being the
great aim and desideratum.
Many Confections in Mantles and Capes.
No More Somber Co ors.
Very numerous are the new mantles and
capes, and one with a decided air of shot
silk has a sacque back and handsome
guipure applique down the front, which
opens to show an inner front of black silk
accordion pleating. The full-neck ruffl
is of the pleating also, completed by a
bow of black satin. The sleeves are ex
tremely graceful and of goodly propor
tions. Shot silk is quite a favorite for
these garments, as another worthy of re
mark is in shot green and petunia, with
jetted design, and cape and collar of ac
cordion pleated net, which is striped with I
tiny roses, thus also forms a ruche down
the front.
Numerous charming little capes made
and designed at home have been worn l>y
several of our best-dressed matrons here.
They are usually composed of jetted or of
sequin embroidered lace over changeable
silk. Black and white monspeline de soie
has been used -with equally good results.
Dowagers are charmed with the broche
grenadines with bright satin flowers, en
framed in scrolls of velours. They are cor
rectly spoken of as extremely eleeant and
are always made up over changeable taf
fetas. Young women are using large quan
tities of colored Brussels net in combina
tion with the white instead of tulle. The
results are all that can be desired, as only
a fine quality of the silk net is patronized.
1 am quite delighted to note that our
grandmothers are urged to no longer con
fine themselves to similar stuffy colors,
and for the House, except when in mourn
ing, black should never be worn. Delicate
dainty colors should be selected by them
or bright figures in a light ground". They
should no longer wear their laces oh
special occasions only, for grandmothers
have discovered how becoming they are
for daily wear and nowadays every old
lady snould possess a number of pretty
and comfortable negliges.
As one writer says, and unfortunately
with truth, that "the grandmothers of
this generation are generally one of two
things— absurdly youthful exhibits be
ilounced, beribboned and betrimmed to
excess, or careless and frumpy and shock
ingly dowdy at all times, in old age the
cultivation of coquetry in both sexes
should be assiduously fostered by every
member of the family." A sweet/dainty
anil fresh-looking old lady is a real pleasure
merely to contemplate. May we all be
permitted to grow old gracefully.
Silk mohairs in every fashionable shade
are on the market. Such mixtures as
mauve and green, green and biack, are
much liked, and the cbine alpacas with
cashmenan figure and satin stripes are in
great demand, as are also cheviots, tweeds
and homespuns. Checked velveteens of
superior qualities are used for the moat
Blylish of waistcoats and blouses.
Hop sacking has been so much liked by
many that they will be glad to hear that
the French have greatly improved on it
and as a result offer us "sac a raisin." It
I can be had in such dark shades as brown
; and petunia. Simple tweed gowns are be
| ing seen with handkerchief bodices the
j revers being made of the checked linen
j handkerchiefs such as are used by French
peasants. They are laid in lignt yellow
cloth and bordered with extremely nar
row black velvet. One such bodice had a
front of white cloth and over this the
, revers were united by a large bow of black
! satin ribbon. An odd crinkled grenadine
■ which looks something like crepon has
the ground of transparent black with
stripes of diminutive Dresden roses. This
fabric is used in the composition of some
exceptionally handsome reception dresses.
Frocks of somber hue are not consid
ered stylish unless lined with a gayly col
ored eilk, as we must now have bright
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
hues if we desire to be in touch with the
fashionable world. Canvas has in a great
1 measure displaced the beautiful etamines
I now to be had in an endless variety.
Ladies Will Darn en Net— Hints About
Lace Making and Cleaning.
Darning on net is to be revived. This
old-fashioned work has been popular in
j Paris for several months and tine lace
braids are introduced with the result that
the embroidery has a rich effect, and it is
said that a far better effect is obtained by
the employment of both laree-meshed net
I and the coarse net darning cotton espe
cailly prepared for this work than by the
use of the fine kind of material.
Speaking of lace reminds me that one of
the best ways of cleaning it is to cover it
with tine I'rench chalK, which will remove
grease. Another method highly satisfac
tory is to wash it in alcohol. It" should be
wound in thin cards and wrapped in blue
paper. If you have a goodly quantity it
should be kept in a little cabinet which has
many drawers. No one not skillful in lace
making should attempt to mend lace, as it
will not stand being lipped and pulled
about. Find an expert and trust such deli
cate work to her and she will tell you that it
is frequently necessary to sacrifice a piece of
the good lace to insert here and there.
Pillow laces are darned, and the thread
used must match that employed for the
making. No easy task I assure you. A i
piece of parchment is laid underneath
when repairing to hold the delicate fabric
in the proper position to avoid pulling the
threads too closely.
Every refined woman has a natural long
ing for exquisite underwear, and many
times must she be tempted (if her means
are limited) by the truly exquisite gar
ments now offered for her inspection.
The tuckines and plaiting are combined
with the finest of French insertions and
edgings. Our corsets and petticoats must
match, and for summer wear corsets and
skirt of white, rose, mauve or blue batiste
can be had, and are desirable, as when
washed properly they retain their color
perfectly. For line lingerie I recommend
real Valenciennes lace, linen batiste and
the finest of embroidery. A combination
of nainsook, chiffons and Valenciennes
lace is easily imagined, but is too expen
sive for most of us to seriously contem
plate. I have just seen a nightrobe which
is simply beautiful, a mass of ruffles, lace
and insertions, in all respects as elaborate
and beautifully made as a Parisian tea
gown. I would not like to pay that pretty
wearer's laundry bill. Handwork is in such
vogue that many ot our girls take great
pride in making themselves, entirely by
hand, many dainty articles of underwear.
However, I have not yet heard of one un
dertaking a petticoat, as the hundreds of
tucks and great width are sufficient to
make even the most energetic hesitate.
Black silk corsets powdered with pale pink
rosebuds are to be had, with skirts to
match. These are exceedingly pretty and
tasteful, and not near so expensive as most
fashionable styles. A new fabric tor un
derwear called "merinolan" is meeting
with much success across the pond. It
will not irritate the most sensitive skin,
and is declared to be practically unshrink
able. Bocks are made, a« well at uigbt
gowns, of it, with much success. For
summer wear it is much liked, and must
be washed In the same way as any flannel.
tyhite calf gloves with large patent
button fasteners are novelties, as are also
those of white chevrette. These are much
used when bicycling, as the tan perforated
palms and large button make them com
fortable and convenient. Lemon-colored
kids with convex buttons and tambour
stitching nave entirely taken the place of
white kids.
Fans are now being very extensively
made to match the evening gowns with
which they are used. Individual taste can
be exercised in their trimming and orna
mentation with happy results.
Such an exquisite and simple hat in
mauve straw has two erect bunches of del
icate orchids, which are softened by a full
rucheof tulle of the same shade. Another
of white crinoline has a turned-up brim of
jet. A double ruche of white and blacfc
tulle encircle the brim and transparent jet
wines take the place of an aigrette.
The Wise Woman Visits the Hair
Dresser Every Six Months.
The becoming arrangement of the hair is
a most serious consideration, and yet
many will blindly follow an extremely
unbecoming fashion. A wise woman will
go at least onoe in six months to the best
hairdresser in the city and have him ar
range her hair according to the latest
mode if it suita her style of face and the
shape of her head, otherwise she will nave
: him modify the style until it pleases her.
The pompadour puff is most satisfactory
when the waved hair is drawn over a light,
hollow, spring frame, which is composed
of real hair. A new and ingenious device
for the arrangement of the coiffure is the
"fashionable twisted coils." It consists of
a double comb, opening with a hinge
and curved to ht the back of the
head. The sides are molded into
four arms, around which the hair
Is coiled. I shall certainly purchase one
of these in real shell aa soon at they reach
here. Abroad they cost almost $4 50, which
is not dear for so ornamental a pin effect.
It is quite impossible for the back hair
when so arranged to become loose. False
fronts of all kinds are to be avoided, as
they cause the natural hair to become
thin, and there is really now no reason to
become bald or to be embarrassed over
thin hair, as hair will soon become luxuri
ous if properly treated.
For children whose stomachs are too
delicate to stand cod-liver oil I hear many
physicians are warmly recommending
clotted cream. I do not wonder that the
results from -taking it regularly are ex
cellent.
When freckled or sunburnt I have found
elder-flower tea not only soothing and re
freshing, but it seems to exercise also a
most beneficial effect on the skin. A good
preparation of glycerine and cucumber
will be found a real comfort.
Women with thin eyebrows could, in
many cases, make them thicker and
darker by gently rubbing vaseline into
them every night. This must be done for
at least a month before any good results
can be expected. The application of dye
to the lashes is attended with much
danger to the eyesight, besides it is usually
easily detected "or tives the experimenter
a very undesirable air. Most ot our girls
have naturally eood coloring and excel
lent complexions and quite scorn the use
of any cosmetic, a little rice powder even
being seldom used by them, so imagine
ray surprise a few days ago at seeing a
girl, not yet 18, tremendously made up,
and still more remarkable is the fact that
she has naturally a good skin. However,
the mystery was explained when I heard
that her mother darkened her eyes,
rouged, and bleached her hair. Poor girl,
I am sorry tor you. Mabcella.
MAN AND HIS TUXEDO.
It Is Correct to Wear a Summer Coat
on Summer Evenings Minus
a Top Coat.
Cutaways Impossible on Formal Occa
• limn - -Double-Breasted Waist
coats—Wider Stripes
for Trousers.
So numerous have been the queries as
to ""When can I appropriately wear my
Tuxedo? " that desperation on authority
replies: "A man may wear his Tuxedo in
the bosom of his family or at the play."
1 cannot say that I approve of appearing
in it at the play, and it would be well if
The Very latest Things In Yachting
Costumes, from Kedfcrns.
men would remember that they cannot so
attire themselves when intending to call
on mere acquaintances.
In the East it is considered perfectly cor
rect for a man to appear on the street in a
summer coat without a top coat during
summer evenings.
In large cities men seldom call in the
evening, as they hnd their evenings fully
taken up with dinners, dances, etc. As a
result their calling is done after 4 o'clock
and on Sunday afternoons.
No man can consider himself strictly
good form who does not dine in evening
dress. The Tuxedo and a black silk tie is
usually worn at home.
No one should ever be seen in a cutaway
coat on any formal occasion. The latest
sack coats are moderately short and much
like those worn last year in dimensions.
Froct coats are worn at all affairs of a
formal nature during the daytime. The
skirts of the frock reach the knee; the
waist must be very pronounced; as a re
sult it has now a long-skirted appearance.
Double-breasted fancy waistcoats are
worn with frock coats, and are made of
brown Holland linen, of mohair and of
checked materials. Black ones covered
with embroidered dots are no longer fash
ionable. With business suits single
breasted waistcoats are preferred.
Club ties and Ascots are much seen.
Green, red or dark blue, with white fig
ures, are the designs of the latest club ties,
and these must be tied by the wearer.
Ascots are considered smart made of pique
or white China silk.
Vogue, in a condensed form, gives sev
eral points concerning men's clothing for
the afternoon that some would do well to
remember.
"In the aiternoon during the summer
two styles of dress are permissible. The
first is simply a survival from the morn
ing. A man can wear a ditto suit with
the new cutaway coat during the day, pro
vided he does not visit. He may even pay
informal calls in such a rig. It will be re
membered that the cutaway in years gone
by was considered almost as much full
afternoon dress as the frock coat, and men
in top hats and black cutaways could be
seen at all the clubs. This is no longer
fashionable and is in fact bad form. Morn
ing or afternoon suits in gray worsteds,
unfinished cheviots and vicunas in dark
brown or gray are permissible. Black cut
away coats in vicunas, but not in diago
nals, are also smart and* should be worn
with shepherds' plaid or striped fancy
trousers. Garden parties, driving and in
formal receptions, however, require the
frock coat. A top hat is de rigueur
with a frock coat. The custom of
wearing straws with them Is affected at
Newport, but is nevertheless not good
form. The coat has a creased collar
notched. Coat is worn long to just cover
the kneecap. Single-breasted waistcoats,
with notched collars and tifteen-inchopen
ing, are worn with this. The trousers
'tend toward the pegtop shape, falling
closely around the boot, bulging like a
pyramid as they ascend the* hip.' The
material, stripes in grays and browns,
with a wider stripe than last year."
At the Manhattan Club in New York
club sandwiches a la Straine, which is
pronounced to be excellent, and accord
ing to Vanity this delicacy is the usual
club sandwich, but in addition to the
sliced chicken and lettucn leaf it has a
layer of thin broiled bacon and sweet
v irginia pickles, likewise a taste of sar
dines, the delicate piscatorial m orceaux be
ing dipped in powdered cracker and fried
m ita own gravy. C. C.
THE APACHE IS
A GOOD INDIAN,
Captain R. H. Pratt of the
Famous Carlisle School
Says So.
WHAT HIS SCHOOL DOES.
Teaches the Indians to Work
and They Earn $22,000
a Year.
Spends Millions Per Annum Reck
lessly—Going to Alaska With
Sheldon Jackson.
Captain R. H. Pratt of the United States
army, who for sixteen years has had charce
of the famous Indian school at Carlisle,
Pa., is at the Palace.
He says he has been working very hard
and wanted to get away for rest. He
stopped at several points in Arizona, and
at Pasadena, and is now going to Alaska.
En route he will visit the Indian school
near Salem, which is the finest on this
coast. In Alaska he will meet the Rev.
Dr. Sheldon Jackson, the superintendent
of the education of the Indians there.
Captain Pratt is a big, smooth-faced
man. about 50 years old, with broad shoul
ders and a massive face, and he wears a
broad-rimmed, blac£ hat, giving him the
appearance of a Quaker. He is a man to
be looked at twice.
"I have been in charge of the school at
Carlisle from the beginning," said Captain
Pratt, "and that has been for the last six
teen years. We have between 750 and 800
Indian girls and young men there all the
time. About two-fifths are girls and three
fifths young men.
"The Indians represent fifty-six different
tribes, taking in the Cherokees, Coman- }
ches. Sioux, Apaches and other nations.
Our school is iiidustri&l and teaciies the
boys the principal trades and the girls how j
to cook, sew and do all kinds of housework. !
"We also print two papers. One is the .
Red Man, a monthly, and the o*her is the
Indian Helper, a weekly. The latter has ■
a circulation of between 10,000 and 12,000 1
and goes all over the world, to England, '
China, Siam and everywhere. The In- [
dian scholars do all the work of issuing i
the papers, being in charge of Miss M.
Uursess, daughter of William Burgess of !
San Francisco.
"The Indians are sent to the school by j
selections from the different tribes. We
started out by trying to get the young In- j
dians among the whites as much as pos
sible, and we have found that it was a good i
idea.
"Our Indian scholars work through the
summer months in the families of larmers
mainly. We have got more than 450 of
both sexes who go out among them. The
hoys plow and reap and the girls work
with the women.
"And the result has been amazing. For I
four years past the earnincs of our boy sj
and girls has been over $22,000 a summer. I
Yet they say the Indian won't work. All >
this money have been earned, too, when j
white students are taking a rest.
"The young Indians are so much in j
demand daring the working season that '
thire are three or four times as many
applications as can be filled.
"Yes, I have been among the Indians for
a long time. In 1867, when I joined the 1
regular army, I was sent to Fort Gibson, !
I. T., and was with the scouts for eight '<
years. After that I had charge of the i
Indian prisoners at Fort Augustine, Ha., '
for three yeurs. There were some of the I
worst Indians in the country there, but j
they became very docile.
"I have always taken the position that !
the Indian was entitled tosood treatment, !
with a chance to make something of him- i
self. We have got 8,000.000 blacks here '
and they were brought over here frorr !
Africa. This is the home of the Indian. !
My regiment, by the way, was the Tenth, i
one of the only two colored regiments we I
havp.
"We have Apaches and Sioux in our
school. As for the Apache he is really a !
good Indian. We had one who was with j
us for several years who had become a
skilled physician and who was a gentle- '
man— a man of education and refinement
He was stolen from his tribe when a child
by the Pimas and sold for $30 to a gentle- !
man of Chicago, who broueht him up. He
graduated in medicine, was West with dif
ferent agencies for several years and fin- I
ally when we needed a physician I chose '
him." We were paying him $1200 a year.
but a physician of Chicago wanted him to
return there, and he went. He could do
better. He was Dr. Carlos Montezuma, a
full-blooded Apache.
"Another one was Antonio Apache, a
nephew of old Chief Cochise. He is in \
charge of the permanent exhibit of the !
World's Fair, and he also is a full-blooded I
Apache. There is one also with the Perm- I
sylvania Steel Company at Fteelton,
who is a great ironworker. There is also
a Navajo in the Baldwin Locomotive
Works at Philadelphia. In all there are i
about thirty young Apaches who are out j
making records for themselves in Perm- I
sylvania.
"There are 250,000 Indians and seventy
five tribes in the United States. Congress
appropriates from $7,000,000 to $9,000,000 '
every year for their support. This policy j
degrades them. They ought to be sepaf- !
ated, brought up with the wliites, and J
with them the old aphorism of the Bible, i
'By the sw> at of thy :ace shall thou eat;
bread,' should be carried out. The In
dians will then be a happy people."
IN HONOR OF VICTORIA,
British Residents to Give a
Banquet To-Morrow at
the Palace.
Patriotic Songs and Speeches— A List
of Prominent Guests — The
Menu.
The seventy-seventh birthday of Queen
Victoria will be celebrated in this City to
morrow evening, in a manner befitting the
greatness of her character and the loyalty
of her subjects.
William Doxey, chairman of the special
committee appointed by the British Benev
olent Society, announces that all pre
liminary arrangements for the banquet at
the Palace have been satisfactorily com
pleted. It will be held in the conserva
tory, which will be tastefully decorated
with flowers and ferns and American and
British flags. There will be patriotic vocal
and instrumental music and speeches.
The first toast, proposed by Consul-Gen
eral Warburton, will be "The Queen,"
then will follow toasts to "The President
of the United States," "The iTince* of !
"\Vales and the Royal Family," "Califor
nia," "The Merchant Service," "The
British Benevolent Society,""The Ladies,"
"The Press" and "The Chairman." The
toasts will be interspersed with the songs.
"God Save the Queen," "The Star-span
pled Banner" and "Auld Lang Syne.
Following is the menu:
California Oysters on the Shell.
Sau 'erne.
Mock Turtle with Amontillado.
California Olives. KadMhog. Caviar on Toast.
faulted Almonds.
Grenadin of Striped Bass. Shrimp Sauce.
Burgundy.
Potatoes Unsironome.
Tenderloin of Beef with Mushroom s.
Croquette of *\vretbr*-aa. spnu;sh Style.
Komaine Punch, Kirscl..
Itoasl Chicken, Giblets and Dressing.
Romaine Salad. New Peas.
ChampaKues. La Fiesta.
.Neapolitan Ice Cream.
Assorted Cakes.
Dessert,
Coffee.
The prominent gentlemen who will oc
cupy seats at the table are: H. B. M.
Consnl-General J. VV. Warburton, Sir
Henry Dering (Bart.), William Doxey
(president British Benevolent Sooietv),
Key. \V. W. Bolton (secretary British
Benevolent Society), Wellesley Moore
(Vice-Consul), J. W. Hankin, R. ti. For
man, Randolph Payne, Dr. W. V. McNutt,
George T. Marsh, P. Livingston Dunn.
Captain J. Metcaif, W. B. Chapman. A. l'>.
WUberforce, J. Lloyd Jones, Captain
James Sennett, C. F. Mtillins, William
B;il naves, A. G. tfneath. J. F. McQauley,
F. D. Brandon, J. Lawson, Dr. H. C.
Davis, S. P. Hoiden, Dr. d'Evelyn, W. J.
Callingham, R. D. Girvin, Robert Dixon,
Percy Beamish, Dr. R. F. Shields, \V. li.
Ross, J. H. Wallace, Stanhope Dickinson,
Dr. Charles Macdonald, Edward Bosqui,
Howard V. Sutherland, J. Horsburgh Jr.,
J. R. Hardy and captains of British ves
sels in port.
Park Concert To-Day.
Following is the attractive programme pre
pared for the open-air concert in Golden Gate
Park to-day:
March, "Castaldo" Novacek
Overture, ••L.t- Koy d'Yvetot," Adam
-Selection, "Les Cloches de Corneville".Planqu«*tte
Hong, "Row On, My I^>ve" Kedding
(Solo for barytone.)
"Operatic Potpourri" Trenkler
"The Beautiful Calatea" Huppe
Selectioji, "L'n Bullo in Mascnera" Verdi
AValtz, "My Dream" WaldtPufel
Df-serlptlve, "Cavalry Charge" Lueders
Coon's two step, "Ma Anigellne" Lee Johnson
An Insane Alan Escapes.
Tim Donovan, 7 Clyde street, was taken to
the Receiving Hospital on Friday night and
locked up In a padded cell. Yesteniav morn
ing he was allowed to walk the corridor, and
while the janitor was sweeping out Donovan
slipped past him and made his escape. The
ponce were notified and are hunting for Dono
van.
• — * — •—
London cabmen collectively earn about
£2,500,000 a year.
MEW TO-PAT. j REW TO-DAT.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ __-
% Special Saving Sale f |\\
I beer «uas: I W«m^
* /"\ Tnose quaint ♦ /^— -^ lL s\% \J .\.f\ X /VV\
• j^ f IfC!
» jg*)i. ■ii'^JA 1 ( the rage, now
* gS^EESS^k^fck for dining- ♦ SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
> fa^Sfcos* . "  ~-^nr*fc j^ roomorna- <
* | s r :^r*Ti^}v\ ments. Good * maqgioni kid GLOVES.
* V^S3f^%SssTl /'1 to drink beer ♦
& «4\\uQ\tS?/^la A- 'I from, too. _> j
I mBr%B&l mm m and MISSES'
* I , . .^3f sale until <#
8» iSy~ — _* — 5j Wednesday *y
> A j*t^e>* r nichtat'7'S 4J : __ _
S — c °" te « ffndniinrnnp Cnln
f Also, 400 BLUE DELFT VASES, * II 1 1 !Sfl 1 »V tl A I ,1 AI ll
* with the popular Windmill dec- * UlllilJl Iff 1 J I J I I 111 111.
* orations, go at 30, 45, 65 and * WUltUi MUlli. K/UlUl
* 85 Cents. * ,
* ' ■ •- * I ' ; '" • ■..,-.
J THAT BIG CHINA STORE- * | The equal of which has never been
* A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's. « | seen on this coast.
■J WAHGEHHEIM, STERNHEIM & CO., * ' A " of the fol| owing lines are broken
* 528 and 530 Market St., ,!■ sizes, hence the enormous -"-
J 528 and 530 Market bt., J j tion.
*27 and 29 Sutler St., ♦  ,- ~ .
* BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦ At V' J V |»C 1 Will Mill I.
****44<I4*****4«**4<M'<§« EGYPTIAN COTTON SHIRTS.
— = —^ — TIGHTS AND PANTALETTES.
■■JJJJMBJfI— —HMHBBIHII! BBC former prices 65c, 75c and 850
9 _ s>a.- —^ /> each,
SPm M: ( Jui^zriajay ' Sale Price 3 - c Each -
Y2®\\ y— / ALL-WOOL SWISS RIBBED COM-
i jjS^U / * riA^** BINATION SUITS, in small siz>s
: rm, nn* , P\jcQ lormer p. ice 75c per suit,
<&rtu* ( A&~> 1 Sale Price 35C per Suit *
J".^^ xViiL^r ALL-WOOL SHIRTS AND PANTS,
{S'f VW 0 \ former price 750 each,
w *^ Sale Price 35c Each.
22 Geary St., Neap Kearnv. PURE SILK imported swiss
1 J RIBBED SHIRTS, in small sizes,
former pi ice $1 each,
FiprelEtamies lt tO , Sale Price 35c Each.
npnlßanH! „* -^
The following remarkable values SILK AND LISLE MIXED, WOOL
in Figured Etamines and Creponne MIXED AND ALL WOOL SHIRTS
Faconne will be placed on sale AND PANTALETTES, lormer
Monday prices $1, $1.25 and $1 50 each.
Mond&J * 9 Sale Price 6oc Each,
IMPORTED ETAMKE SUITS, —
$17.50 I At 75c per Garment,
IMPORTED ETAMIXE SUITS, all-wool and wool-mixed
co ' A^ UNION SUITS, former prices
st>-£O.UU $1.50 and $2.00 per Suit,
Above goods are usually sold at Sale Price 75c per Suit.
$25,$35and_$40a S uit. | puRE SILK IMPORTED SWISS
FIGURED MOHAIR SUITS, ! $i?? eaoh SHIRTd " former pri °°
' <p1.70 each,
$3. .50 Each Sale Price 75c Each *
Goods Sent 0. O. D Rl ~
Samples Forwarded ! Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
■■ t- «i mm. NEWMAN i LEVINSON,
mm*aß>mmmm»f 'MhraWMthaiHW i 2 5, 127, 129. 131 Koarny street.
FEBIS CORSET BODSR -—-«—-"■
S|saffesK:si:*a& a Fine Tailoring
t.. I.a la Sircno Corsets, <H% oiit» ■ ••■■^rß silgj
CO tne^nV 1 v °-r "{,* •T ; S? rBet "' T=F Perfect Fit, Best of. Workmanship at
i-ifKHiit V 1 . 1 rnic-ii (0r,,.!*. J^j. Moderate Prices, go to
; -»|§lpS - ®,JOE POHEIM
a ' H J^^l THE TAILOR.
- . y^^^r^Tv. « // wn& PANTS made to order from $4.01
ss wl'Stok ' S< I I SUITS made to order from $15.00
S I I MYSI7.SO»noS36SUITB
S * rf 2R I ■ 201 and 203 Hontgomery St., cor. Bus&
'» 5 Mi I # - S<^ m Harket St. 1110 & 1112 Market st
C * P.lffllll'' I WfiF> ->'*" - SAN FRANCISCO.
5^ i'^jl^^ «? PKKMAXKiYLYBKMOVESSUI'iatMiUOTTa
S^ >^M SK - r •':**•< - 1 nalr by electricity ntsl a Bitting; tirst sittlnir
3 X-S^ ; -J free: Bears left: moles, warts. 'eta, also tS.
J^ ' moved.
w p '
• 'AT I'tON" — Flavins no nancies or branch r<Oiai%/r/-txir<k-r -w-m » •— .—
stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at our COSMOPOIjITAM,
establishment. . _ Opposite U. a Mint, 100 and 103 Fifth st. Mam
Mail orders receive prompt attenSloo. i runclsco, Oil The mojt select family hotal i™
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free. the city. Board and room. !1, %1 2b and $1 50 pi 2
MAKE NO MISTAKK IX OUR ADDRESS a*y, according to room. Meals 2 5& Uooma,soa
RAZING THE OLD BIJOU,
Claus Spreckels to Erect a Sub'
stantial Three-Story Build
ing in Its Stead.
Bricks That at One Time Housed
the Celebrated Starr
King.
Fifty men and ten teams have made
their presence felt on the south aide ol
Market street, between Third and F
This visitation brings with it destruction
incompliance with, orders issue I 1.
tain John Tattle, who has entered .
contract with Claus Spreckels to r:i
old Bijou Theater to the ground, aixi on
its removal excavate for the foundation of
a three-story building.
This undertaking must be complete
the 13th of June, under a penalty clause it)
the agreement.
As soon as Contractor Tuttle shall have
finished his portion, the Rae BoildlD]
Contracting Company will at once com
mence to replace the old theater buildin
with a substantial structure of stone, iro 11
and brick. The building will be three
stories in height and extend from Market,
street through to Stevenson in the rear.
The old brick, which is now being re
moved to give place to t!;e more substan
tial edifice, has a history in itself. It was
first us.cd in the erection of Starr King's
church on Geary street in 18ti3, and there
remained until that edifice was raze I,
about ten years ago, when Contractor
Dennis Jordan purchased the old church
building, using the brick for the construc
tion of the theater.
This same contractor was the one who
originally built the church on I
street. Consequently he had the sa:
tion of building two houses with the
bricks— a lot seldom falling in the «j
builders.
The good quality of the brick has been
proven by the fact that it is about to be
again used in the construction of another
building.S
FOLDING-BEDS have long been
in general use, but a folding rail
way car must be conceded to be a
new thing. Albert Bierstadt of
.New York City has patented four
different types of this sort of convey
ance and apparently has the field to him
self. The inventor's idea has been to build a
car so that it would be of ordinary dimen
sions when being transported from place to
place, but be capable, after getting to its
destination, of beingexpanded for the pur
pose of holding meetings or exhibitions of
different kinds.
The simplest form of car patented by
Mr. Bierstadt is little more than an ar
rangement for adding platforms to the
car. In outward appearance the car looks
like a freightcar, but the sides are made so
that they can be made to swine outward
and downward, the movement being con
trolled by chains that pass over a windlass
within the body of the car. There is also
an attachment for raising the whole upper
structure of the car by turning a crank.
To this are attached swinging portions
that can be raised and swung upward to
form a roof that extends over the lower
platform.
The second type of car has much the
same outward appearance as the first, but
is capable of being turned into a large
room. This is accomplished by means of
the swinging sides that form the floor, but
to them are added extra sections that
swing upward at right angles to the floor
and form sides. The roof is formed of sec
tious that hang inside the outer sections,
but are capable of being raised with the
upper portion of the car and made to ex
tend over the sides at an angle calculated
to shed rain perfectly. This type of car is
dark except for the light that comes in at
the top.
The third type of car is made to be
lighted by windows. The floor construc
tion is like those already mentioned, but
the side sections are made to be extended to
the outer edge by being swung around on a
second section to which they are hinged.
The second section forms a part of the end
of the car in certain instances, and in oth
ers it forms a partition within the car.
In each section that forms an outside
panel there is a window that can be
raised or lowered at will. The roof struct
ure is similar to ttie one previously men
tioned, but has also means for addinc an
extra top section to it as much for the
purpose of ornament as anything else.
The fourth type of car is really a com
bination of two of the one last mentioned.
The two cars are to be run on to separate
tracks side by side. The floor sections are
A New Lighthouse Foundation Con
■tructed on the Diving-Bell I'rinciple.
The Automatic Savings Bank— Yon Drop
In a Nickel or a Dollar and <iet a
Keccipt Which Is Good at the
Home Bank.
The Spiral Screw PropcHer That i'romises Great Speed in Either Direction, and
Which Sets in a Groove fader the VesseL
to be swunp downward over the space be
tween the two cars until their outer edges
meet so they can be clamped together.
The sections on the outsides of the cars
are to be handled exactly as in the cars
already mentioned. The roof sections be
tween tne two oars are made so that they
will swing upward to a certain height
but come within a short distance of meet
ing. To cover the open space there are
extension pieces that join at the top and
can be clamped tightly together. To
further strengthen this combination-car
there is a series of braces underneath and
also through the weak portions of the top.
In addition to the apparatus for en
larging the car it is supplied with ma
chinery for putting steeples and towers in
place. * The structure of the frame is such
that it cm be raised to a great height, and
in outward appearance make the car re
semble a church or other edifice. The
interior of this car is supplied with all
contrivances for adapting it to different
uses. It can be used as one large meeting
room, or it can be petitioned off as de
sired. A flight of steps can be placed in
position so that tne room in the peak of
the roof can be reached easily ; in fact, if
the track.fits exactly there is no telling
what can be done with this folding-car.
Following on the heels Of the folding
car conies a suggestion from Brooklyn,
first voii3d in the New York Tribune, of a
traveling church. A committee of Protest
ant Episcopal laymen, says the veracious
Tribune, "is considering the feasibility of
a portable church," for the convenience of
bicycle-riders, who might thus be induced
to attend divine service.
Then the committee says through the
Tribune that "the portable house of wor
ship would certainly be a great feature in
any such undertaking as this, for the true
wheelman is always seeking new fields,
and he might not like to ride over the
same road every Sunday whether there
was a church at the end of it or not. But
if we could hold services one Sunday in
one place an i the following Sunday at a
place ten or fifteen miles in another direc
tion, we'll venture to say that the congre
gation would not fall off in numbers."
To which the Tribune then adds the fol
lowing:
In this house it is proposed to have a short,
attractive service specially suited to the wheel
men. The nature of the ritual is not revealed,
but if the Rev. Mr. Ford's example were to be
followed, a stationary bicycle might be substi
tuted for the Bishop's seat, the choirboys
might be clothed in knickerbockers and
sweaters, and in place of crosses and alpnas
and omeeas the stained-glass windows might
be adorned wiin symbolic saddles, pe<l»ls and
brakes. Then there is the chance for upjiro
i>riate adaptations of the tiymn-boolc. John
lenry Newman's -splendid hymn could not
fail to touch the hearts of wheelmen U sung:
\Vbeel, Kindly Light, alung life's cycle path,
Wliei'l Thou me on.
The road Is roush. I have discerned Thy wrath —
But wheel me on!
Then to complete the harmony o! the whole
arrangement, let the Church Club look care
ful, y about for a a suitable clergyman, and
make no mistake about gettingone with wheels
in his head.
New Kind of Saving* Bank.
A new use has been found for the slot
machine. An Italian, Signor Ernesto
Aitom, has adapted it to an automatic
savings bank. He proposes that in every
town and village this bank shall be placed
in all public buildings, railway stations
and outside factories and saloons, to in
vite and promote economy.
This automatic bank is nothing but the
usual cast-iron box or pillar, on whose
surface there are three slots; in the tirst
the coin is introduced— namely, a 10
centime piece. If this coin is false it is by
a simple contrivance rejected by the ma
chine and pushed out of the second slot;
if it be good a receipt for the amount comes
nut ot the third opening at the bottom of
the box.
By means of this invention the laborer
who can spare only a penny from his
daily waces is enabled to place it at inter
est without taking the trouble of going to
the savings bank, for even this loss of
time is often to him a serioun considera
tion, seeing that these banks are open
only at stated hours, and those mostly
hours when the poor are at work. For it
i« a curious fact and a fact that can be
verified in other countries than italy that
while places where money can be squan
dered are open day and night places
where it can be saved are open only at re
stricted hours and hedged around with
petty difficulties and delays.
When the depositor hascollected a suffi
cient number of receipts— they must not
be less than five— be can exchange them
for a libretto of the regular savintrs bank;
an interest of 4 ncr cent net is paid on de
posits and the depositors are entitled to
share in the profits which the bank de
rives from its operations.
But it is not only for Italy that this idea
is valuable, says the New York Herald.
Excellent restuta might follow its intro
duction in America. We have our savings
batiks, it is true. Many of them will ac
cept any sum, from a dime up. But they
are uece-sarily hemmed in with restric
tions as to time and place. The slot ma
chine is never closed. It can be put up
anywhere. Nickels can be dropped down
its hospitable maw at any time the nickels
are in hand. Sincethe receipts arealways
good for presenting and entering upon the
books of the regular savings banks, even
if some weeks elapse before the depositor
linds himself near such a bank, his inter
est runs ou, for the receipt is automatically
dated.
Balloons in Scientific Observation.
The last number of the proceedings of
the German Geographical Society contains
a paper by Dr. A. Berson on the use of
balloons in geographical explorations. As
Dr. Berson has made numerous scientific
ascensions, both in free and in captive
balloons, his observations are extremely
interesting. He notes the impoitance of
captive balloons in Arctic exploration, and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 189 G.
regrets that Dr. Nansen abandoned thi
method of investigation, which he had at
! first intended to employ. Dr. Berson con-
I deinns energetically the project of M. An
-1 dree of trying to reacli the pole in a ire I.*1 .*
i balloon; he is convinced that this aerial
I trip, if it should be carrjed out, will
I lead to a disaster. In many ascensions
|M. Berson has met with every kind
iof nieteorologic condition, and in
all seasons he has found the temperature
■ at high altitudes decreases more rapidly,
I or at least quite as rapidly, as at low alti-
I tudes, and that at heights exceeding 5000
meters (UJ.400 feet) there exist tempera
tures lower than those deduced from the
ascensions of Glaisher. Likewise the in
crease in the speed of the currents, as one
i geia higher and higher, is greater than has
; been supposed. In one ascension, when
the velocity of the air waa only 11 _iio
; meters (7 miles) an hour between the
Patent Folding Railway Car, With Practicable Windows and Partitions. It Can Be
Knlargcd to Houble the Size of an Ordinary Car, and Will Be Useful as
a Portable Church or Assembly Hall.
Sectional View of Two of the Folding Railway Cars. Side by Side, Forming Thus
a Large and Well-Equipped Assemblage Hall or Traveling Church.
height of 1000 meters (3280 feet) and 3000
meters (9^o feet), this velocity attained,
between 4000 and TOOO meters, to nearly 60
kilometers ('57 miles) an hour. A marked
preponderance of winds with a westerly
component was also proved at great alti
tudes—a fact which confirms the observa
tions of clouds made from the surface of
the earth.
Dogpowrr as an Auxiliary.
In the current issue of the Scientific
American is an illustration taken in Stras
burg last winter by Joseph Becker of
Washington for that paper, which will
prove of interest. Ever since the days ol
the old velocipede inventors have sought
for some kind of bicycles nnd tricycles
which would obviate the fatigue of work
ine the pedals; steam, compressed air,
spring*, ele<tricity and many of the hy
drocarbons have had their turn, hut it re
mained for the Alsatian to adapt the dog
to the needs of locomotion in the last
decade of the nineteenth century.
The dog is hitched behind the tricycle to
the end of an adjustable harness-rod and
| is chained to a point under the saddle.
: An appropriate harness is provided for the
dog. Mr. Becker says: '-The first im
pulse is to pity this good little doggie and
to blame his bi^r, heavy master for working
him so. But this is soon forgotten when
you have seen thi* sturiy little fellow at
his task, tugging and clawing with the
greatest earnestne-s, apparently delighted
with his task." Possibly he is so, but,
thoujrh he might have to work hard when
the tricycle was poinc slowly, still, when
the speed is increased, the opportunities
for "soldiering" would be limitless.
New French Pontage Stamp.
France is to have a new postage stamp,
and it will be a poster in little. The de
sign accepted from among a number pre
sented to the Bureau of Posts and Tele
graphs was that offered t<y If. (Ira-set,
who has made no slight reputation as an
inventor of flaring and ingenious posters.
The art of M. Grasset, as shown in the
new stamp, is certainly attractive, grace
ful and piquant, but there are those who
contend that it is not in its place when
posted on a letter. The acceptance is re
actionary, and the design of the new
stamp is in the extreme different from
those which have been in use so long. It
is to be done in three colors, and, the
French taste in these matters being what
it is, there can be no doubt that the reiult
France's New Postage Stamp.
A French Geographer's Plan to Bnild a lac-Simile Globe Only a Hundred Thou
sandth Part Less Than the Actual size of the 1 arth.
will be pretty, whether appropriate or not.
It is argued that the stamps to be super
seded by Grasset's poster were more in
keeping with their dignified and official
function than the new design. But this
is the end of the century; everything has
a tendency to project itself on a screen.
Portable Steam Flre-K*cape.
An apparatus intended to remove people
from burning skyscrapers has been pa
tented by John A. Dobkins of Lebanon,
Or. It will be hauied to the fire by horses,
but when there all its movements are to
be by a steam-engine.
The apparatus consists of a portable
truck with an engine, boiler and windlass
mounted on one end. In the center is a
mast fitted with many adjustable swing
ing arms and mounted on a rotatable plat
form. To this platform there is attached
an axle with sliding attachments and a
wheel on the end, so that the platform
can be turned and at the same time be
strongly supported on all sides.
Attached to the mast is an arm like a
derrick, tit ted with pulleys and ropes so
that a bAsket can be swung from the end
and rabrd or lowered at will. Everything
about this apparatus is to be under the
control of one man.
To use i his marhine it is only necessary
to reach the side of the burning building.
The center mast is then run up to the de
A Portable Steam Fire Escape, the Invention of an Oregon Man for Rescuing
People I rom >ky--ci ap.ng Buildings.
A Strasburg Man Who Uses Dog Power as an Auxiliary to the Pedal Exercise on
His Tricycle.
< sired height and the derrick arm with the
| basket swung in front of the windows
where the endangered persons are. All
they have to do is to get in and be lowered
to the ground.
The derrick arm is so arraneed that it
can be made to sweep the whole front of a
large and ordinary-sized building without
changing the position of the truck. If
necessary firemen could go up in the bas
ket and assist the people into it.
Foundation for Lighthouses.
Alfred E. Eells o' Brooksville, Me., has
made use of the diving-bell principle for
the construction of lighthouse founda
tions. In reality the diving apparatus be
comes part of the foundation.
A caisson, the exact shape of the in
tended foundation, is made with double
walls and a temporary bottom and also a
central closed nir chamber. The idea is
to sink this caisson to the soft bottom, in
the same way as a diving bell, in the spot
where the foundation is wanted. Water
will be kept out by the use of compressed
air, so that men can remove the sub
stances from beneath the edges of the cais
son and allow it to sink to bedrock. A
series of pipes extend downward between
the walls of the caisson to points at the
bottom, so that the loosened substances
can be pumped to the top without inter
fering with the air on the inside. When
the caisson is firmly anchored in the de
sired place the space between the walls is
filled with cement and stone, and finally
the interior is treated likewise, tne com
pleted structure being like one solid rock.
The lighthouse is then bui!t on the top in
tne usual manner.
The Earth Reproduced.
Elisee Reclus, the French geographer, is
out with a plan to construct a globe, a fac
simile of the earth, on a scale that shall
be exactly one hundred-thousandth part
of the actual size.
The magnitude of the work will be ap
preciated when it is stated that the struc
ture will be 418 feet in diameter, so that
the Bartholdi statu,e, if erected inside of
it, would not reach to its center. This
enormous siz<» is considered to be neces
sary in order to allow of the surface being
modeled with minute accuracy and Sin true
proportions, so as to snow mountains and
valleys, plateaus and lowlands, in their
actual relation to the earth's magnitude.
Kven on thiy large scale the Himalayas
would be only about tbree and a half
inches high, Mont Blanc about two inches,
the Grampians half an inch, while the Pali
sades of the Hudson, at their highest
points, would be about one-sixteenth of an
inch above the level of the river. The
New York Herald produces the picture
above to show what this miniature earth
would look like erected by the side of its
own building.
Twin Propellers for Teasels.
A few weeks ago there was described in
The Call a screw propeller, the invention
of Alfred Cdrlsen of Hilgard, Or. It was
constructed on new principles, but it
seems that others were at work on the
same lines.
Benjamin T. Stauber of Concordia, Kans.,
has patented a propeller that requires a
stiecial construction of hull. On both sides
of the under portion there is a semi
cylindrical groove parallel to the keel. In
this there is hung a propeller of the "con
veyor" type, one-half of which projects
beyond the sides of the vessel. On the
alter end of the shaft there is an ordinary
propeller wneel. Power is communicated
io the shaft by means of cogwheels that
are connected* at the forward end with
other cogwheels coupled to the engine.
This vessel should be able to ro forward
or backward at great speed and the spiral
screw will always be working in solid
water.
A Marble Bridge.
The new bridge to be erected over the
Tennessee River at Knoxville will be a
novelty. It is to be built entirely of pink
marble. It will be 1600 feet long from
"out 10 out" of abutments, and will be 240
feet long in the main spans of arch, which,
it is claimed, is 20 feet longer than the
longest arch in the world. It will rise at
the crown of the channel spans 105 feet
above the water, making it a decidedly im
posing structure. It is to be a 'solid"mar
ble bridge from fide to side, with a 50-foot
roadway 100 feet above water. The arches
..will be 8 feet deep at the keystone, 15 feet
at the skewbacks or spring lines, and will
spring from piers 30 feet high and 40 feet
wide. The piers go to solid rock, the sub
structure limestone, 12 feet below the
water surface at the bridge site. The
arches and spandrel tilling will be con
structed of concrete. The parapet walls
will be constructed of sawed marble slabs,
with heavy blocks on pilasters every 15 feet,
projecting above the wall proper and giv
lug a semicastellated effect.
Cantilever Grand Stand.
The contract for the New Brighton Beach
grand stand has been let. The plans call
for a steel fireproof structure 04 feet wide,
250 feet long and open on all sides, every
other riser between the seats being an open
latticed girder to secure a free circulation
of air. The flooring will be of cement,
allowing the use of a hose in cleaning.
The roof will have a total span of 122 feet,
of which 58 feet is taken Dp in cantilever
overhangs, 40 feet in front and 18 in the
rear. The posts supporting the trusses
are 50 feet apart. The seating capacity
j will ie 3000, and by placing the stand 115
j feet back from the track and sloping the
intervening space down to the track, every
seat will afford an unobstructed view of
the whole course. The estimated cost of
the grand stand is $100,000.
Various Notes.
The following has been recommended by
a foreign chemical paper as producing a
cement which will fasten glass or porce
lain, etc., together firmly and will not be
affected by strong acids: Mix together
i '.wo parts of powdered asbestos, one part
jof barium sulphate and two parts of
I sodium silicate of 50 degrees Baurue
strength. A still firmer glue can be made
which is particularly valuable since it is
not attacked by hot acids, by mixing to
gether two parts of sodium silicate, one
part of the finest sand and one part ot
finely pulverized asbestos. If potassium
silicate is used instead of the sodium salt
the glue will harden immediately, but
otherwise it will require about an hour to
set.
An aluminum enthusiast has calculated
that it would take but half a ton of No. 40
gauge aluminum wire to reach round the
world.
The Northrop-Draper loom is a new de
i vice for weaving cloth, which is wholly
automatic. It is stated that they can be
run ten hours without any attention: for
if a thread breaks the loom stop* of itself,
NEW TO-DAT.
Every package of this A large bottle of Hquld 0 ? 0 ' 10111
«-«VCry pdlKct£e OI miS A box of Sozodont Powder
popular dentifrice contains : A s °£]n e **** ol Sozoderma Soap - *«■ **•
_L^s_? ' HyjS mh_h|
TJ»«> liquid Norodom dally; Mm powder twice a week. A sample of liquid Sozodontby mall, provide 4
yon mention this publication and send three cents for postage, Address the Proprietors ot BoeodonL
11 aix & Huckkl, Wholesale Druggists, New York City.
RAILROAD TRAVEL! , RAILROAD TRAVEL.
mm-mugggmjimmm SAIV FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
Tritl-* l-»»e noil »■•- «lv- lo nrrlre at k7iliJ * »l«i»Vl«VV iV 11 V 1. 1 11 1A"
MAW HIAXIS.O. P\V\P PUIWIV TA
leave - From May 3. ISCG. — Ar.niva | vll/lu RAIL 1 1 it I\J V,
•0:OOa Miles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:15 a Tlburon Fi-rrT-Fnnt ofllirk»tnt
7:OOa Atlantic Express. Og.Un and r.ast.. 8:15p ! 11DWon Jerry toot or markets*.
7:00.v Benicia, Vacaville, Kumsi-y. Sacra- 6:45p San Francisco to ___—.__'.
mento, and Raiding via DaTis.... «:43p San Francisco to San Rafael.
Martinez, San Ramon, NaPa>CaliB ' «-13p WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00, 11:00 A. *.: 13:35.
toga aud Santa E0aa..... «:15* * »;»»• D A\ S : i 30 ' % Thursdays-Extra .tiS
5236 A Niks, San Jose. Stockton. lone. .^.Y , 5:10, b:3O i-.M Thursdays-Extra trig
Sacramento, Hl arjsTille.lteaiSluir I J"] I*?*n'1 * ?*n' M " Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:55
ami Sundays exceptedOroville.... 4tlsp Rr .£?. d .\-i 30 _ p -.* I - a „„  „„ ,on ~„„
•8:30 a Peters and Milton.. «r:lsp ! 6U>DA-i S-7:aO, 9:30. 11:0 A. it; 1:30.3:301
»:(M)a LO3 Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa ° :W> , 6: -° r. m.
Barbara and l<oa Angeles 4:l.">p ' San Rafael to San Francisco.
9-2C»\^n eZanaBtOCkt ° n "n'-V^P : WEEK I>AYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it-
i:« o opS^njoVoandLwe™ori:::::: ni\Z %?kw*™i& r '>F«**+-**"t%i
•l:OOr Sacramento KiverKteiuiirs «>:OOp I BC ND4\ S-^ ■•'£ fl- \h 11U1 a _. l .-vi din
I M:3op Port Costa aiul Way Stations t7:43p 5^ 6 .J 5 ' p"£ 9 " 'UlO A# M ' : 1:40> 3io>
4!oOr^^ e a^era» Between Han Francisco and Schuetrea Par- »*»
HuiU 'llo a verauoanu tjJ _ A schedule as above.
4:»«p Bcnicia, r VacaViife,' ' "Woodland, Leave T pfrm . t Arrive "
Knights Lu"uiiig, Marj»Tille, San Francisco. 17,, ii ,' San Francisco.
Orovillo and Sacramento I«:4B_ ■ ihqr •
4:3«rNiliM, San Jose, LlTermoro and Wbkk I Susr- !,„-.,„ °.* lo _ So* 1 Wire
Stockton ! 7:15p Days. | days. destination. DAyB | I)AY9-
-4:3o pMerced, Berenda, Kaymond (for 7:3O_M|7--30 -.[ » Novato, 10:iO_.l 8:40->j
F *_dd?BSu X^ra.Ln S^£ 5:10 pm; 6 :00 ph Santa Hosa. 7:80 pm, 6.15 p5
■ y Darning, Ell'aso, New Oileana and Fulton,
East 10:13 a 7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 AM
s>oop Santa l'o Koute, Atlantic Express Healdsburg,
for Mojave and East 10:1.1 a Geyserville,
5:O0pVollejo 11:43 a 3:30 pm 7:30 ah Cloverdale. 7:3opm 6:15 pic
6:OUt>lCuropean Mail, Ogilen and Hast.... • 9:45* ; ■ ■ — .
6:0« i» lliiyn-nrds, MKh and San .lose 7:15 a _ n it , eta 4 *
17-001- Vaileio 17*43p 7:3oam' Hopland & 10:10 am
7iOOp Oregon J':ii.Vosß.SsVr.iiV.cnto. . 3:30 pmj 7:80 am I kiah. 7:3OPM 6:15p«
ville. ltfililiui;, Portland, P:iget 7:30 am lIO'IO Alt
hound an.l Last 10:43 a , 7:30 am Guernevllle, 7:30 pm l
KAMA « ItlX DIVISION (Narrow Pnucej. 3:30 pm ■ i I 6:15 pm
{7:43 a Santa Crux Excursion, Santa Cruz 7:30 am 7:30 am: Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and Prindpil Way Stations JB:«sp 6:10 pm 5:00 pmi ■ and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
■ :13a Nenai!f,Ceiiterville,S:ui.lose,Fcltou, .' *>>'"■- Glen Ellen.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way niu7 n _ . n .. n .„..,,. 1n — -
Stations ' Bis*p 3 lln tJJ s^oo pu 1 Seb_stopol. i™* 0 ** 10 . 1? **
•t:18p Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New 3.30 pm.&.uo pm| I 6.05 pm, 6:15 pm
Aliuadcn, Felton, liouUler Creek, Stages connect at £anta Rosa for Mark West
Manta Cruz and Principal Way Sprlncs; at Geyserville for sku?s» Hprings: at
•Stations *... MII2OA Cloven! ale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hiijhlacd
4:lst* Newark. San .lo»e and l.oa <!ato3 O:.1»A Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and uakeport •a;
(OAST inVlsiONTr'...r.l X .0u,,,,.,,. 51..) &2fi_^or%te_f^^liJ^^_^ l^
•0:45 a San Jobo ami Way Stations (New Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Laice, I'orao Potter
Ala-dew Wednesdays only) UI43P Valley. Jonn Day's, Llerley's, Bucknell's, i-anhed-
}7:Uoa. Sunday Excursion for San Jose, tin Heights, Gravelly Valley, Booneville. Green.
Binta Cruz, Pacific Grove, and wood, orr"s Hot Springs. Mendocino City Fort
Principal Way Stations tBs3tfF Bragg, Westport, i.'sal, Willets, Cahto, Covelo.
■:15a San .lose, Tres linos, .Santa Cms, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. '
l'aciilo Orove. Paso Rubles. San Saturday to Monday rouni-trlp tickets at reduoed
liiiis ()l)lspo, Ouadalupc ami Prin- • rat. a. ■
clpal Way Stations . ' ! 93' On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b«-
-tO:47APaIo Alto and Way 6 tat iocs/. f»:4sp jrond San Bafael at half rates.
IO:IOa San Jose ami Way Stations 8:0l»p
11:13 a Palo Alto an.l Wav Stations *:3t'«p Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle butldln*
•2:30p San Jose, Gilrny, Tres Pines. Santa . H. C. WHITING, i> x RYAN
Oniz,Salinas,Montcrcyandraciflc Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A Kent.
(irovo : .' I0:4O;A ■ — — ,
•:i::i«lp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:47 a
•4:30f Han Jose anil Way Stations ♦8:OOa _|^»
."»:::;»p San .fuse and Way Stations "X:l»'a A __ « . • ■WfffffrT*"-~*lfc —
0::jOp San Jose and Wi;y Stations 0::».1a Z\ f I T 1 C IBM_QSu\
fll:J3r San .lose iui.l Wav Stations t~:l.'p rillClllllV ~^jWH
SAN I,t;.VM/K» AMI HA\WAKU> 1.',m:A1~"~ AND JE^jKy^
1 8:OOa '"•>:« *A T\^. l-C-l &&£&¥§£lt3±
t ™Z Jri,«. Seminary Park, JV:!^ PaCIIIC
li. «— >^»— »i|i -a™, a. wggm
V%%1 „ , b-«Kp Trains leave from and arrive fi^Cp^^^^S
nl?i?)l Hijtrardii. «|»|p at Market-Street Ferry. X2&&&&^
SloOp < Bum through to Nile.. lolsop SANTA FE EXPKcSS
t4II-15p J < From lies. 4t12-OOp -fin 1 n «_*»-. • _.
ttiniarj LUlz^if To Chicazo via A. & P. Direct Lino
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. Leaves every day at 5 p.m. carrying Pullman
rrom SiS FMRCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— ■ : Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. }l:00 *200 t3-C0 ' via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
•4:00 . {5::0 •fijbOrJf. ' U-nver and St. Louis. fe rohtf FXCUR-
rromOIKUSD— Foot ofßrosdwsy.— '6:00 8.00 siOXS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
10:00 a.m. J12:00 »l:00 t3:00 *3:CO UOO with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourlat
•3:00 p.m. sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
; ; ~ throueh to dPS'ination. "
A for Morning. . ' P for Afternoon. The best railway from California to the East.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only. New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery;
..,, -■ t Sundays only. and goo meals in Harvey's dining-room*
\i Monday. Thursday at.d Saturday night* only. Ticket Office— o44 Market Street,
Cltrouicle Kuililing:.
MTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD _,„,„.,„„„,„ ADrrnrcinciAii
■_. _. ff_arssrJS3&, » .... THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *8!0O , __ _ , —.-—,-. -»_.--._ — _._-_
♦8:16 10:16, 11:45. a. *.; «i:46, 8:-.O, 4:16, myTH T A TITTIO' HDTT T DOMI
B:16, »b:0O. , :35 p.m. IH H I AIII Ha ItKI 1 I nlllllUl
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W*dM» 1 IUJj LilUlillJ UlllijjJ IIUUJII
day. and Baturdayn at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. OF THE
For Mill Valley and H«n Rafa-l-*8:00 a *9:00,
•KI.OU, 11 :6J a.m.; »i;:SJ. "1:30. ♦2:15, "4:00, n R I » Awm 81 A f~ |
6 a\ 46 u. 8:30p - m - *•■*•• *- imm \ pAI APC HfITFI
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. ••12130 I tt I- _■ L !1 U I L.L.I
does not run to Mill ■ ■■"•■■~'~" -"-r- ~---s
1:4B T.U. weekdays— tazadero and way station* DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET $!■
8:00 a. M. Sundays— Catadero and way stailona.
9 ;00 a. -. Sundayt-Poloi Beyes ana way Bt»tloak OF£N UNTIL JUIDMUUI.
wnd it is impossible to weave bad clotn
with them. This is a large claim, and we
Oelieve about 65 per cent of it.
The Iron A^e estimates the American
! output of aluminum in 1895 at 850,000
! pounds, and believes that the production
i of the present year will reach the impos
i in. total of WCO pounds per day, or over
! 2.000,000 pounds.
Charles D. Mosher, yacht designer, of
New Yoik, is now at work on a steam
yacht which is to have a considerable part
j of her interior metal work of aluminum.
\ Ttie metal will be used in the framing and
i littinps, so as to reduce weight as much as
possinlv. The yacht is intended to be a
[ llyer, and by using aluminum more weight
car M put into the engine and boilers.
A series of experiments were undertaken
recently in Germany to deteiynine which,
if .my. of the ordinary additions to pastes
i and mucilages for bottle labels prevented
fermentation without Injuring the ad
j hes-ive qualities of the paste. Among the
; anti-ferments un.ler observation were sali
cylic acid, boracic acid, thymol, oil of
, cloves, etc. Without going into minutiae,
it was found that dextrin, impregnated
with from 3 to 5 per cent of thymol, pro
duced a paste that has thus far proved
■ all that conld be desired.
Undoubtedly, says Professor Oliver
Lodge in the Electrician, London, the X
' rays do not start from the cathode or
[r6m anything attached to the cathode,
but do start from a surface on which the
i cathode rays strike, whether it be an act-
I ual anode or only on "anti-cathodic" sur-
I face. Best, however, if it be an actual
, anode. I suggested the term "anode
' rays" therefore, while Professor S. P.
i Thompson prefers the term '"anti-cathodic
! rays," but probably the term used by
! Roentgen is still the best at present.
The Institute Pasteur, Paris, has just
i published its report for 1895. The salient
! feature of the statement, says the Medical
News, appears to be that of 1523 persons
i treated only 5 succumbed to their injuries.
In the fatal cases the symptoms of rabies
manifested themselves within fifteen days
I after the first inoculation; one patient,
| however, was seized with rabies during
the course of the treatment, and has not
been included in the figures. A table of
! statistics contains the lieures commonc-
I ing from 1885, showing that of the 2671
| persons treated in that year 25 died, or a
! mortality of .94 per cent, while in I*>!)s, of
the 1.323 treated only 2 died, or a mortality
i of .13 per cent.
Dr. J. Mount Bleyer has invented an in
strument which he calls a photo-fluoro
scope. It consists essentially of a camera
box or liuoroscope with a hinged fluor
i escent screen door at the objective end,
which when closed enables the operator
to explore the field before exposing the
sensitive plate. Heretofore Roentgen
photography hr.s been pursued under the
disadvantage that it was not known until
after the plate was developed whether the
objects to be photozraphed were advan
tageously located with regard to the tube
and screen or not. This new arrangement
will be to Roentgen photoerraphy very
much what the ground-glass focusing
j screen is to ordinary photography. The
proper focus haying been obtained the
sensitive plate is inserted and the exposure
made.
2930
A GRAND .NEPHEW
OF ROBERT E. LEE,
Recently Appointed to the
Cadetship at West
Point.
Passed the" Searching Examina
tion With Exceptionally
High Honors.
The "Talk" of an Ex-Confrdcrate at a
Grand Army of the Repub ie
C mp Fire.
The appointment of George Mason Lee
of the famous Virginia stock of Lees to a
cadetship in the United States Military
Academy is a fitting tribute to one of
America's most renowned of many re
nowned families; besides, young Lee, who
is only 19 years old, passed an examina-
tion so highly creditable that he is per
mitted to enter West Point without being
4 subjected to another, as is almost univer
•' sally the case.
Geome Mason Lee is a son of William
Henry Fitzhugh Lee, and is, therefore, the
craminephew of General Robert E. Lee.
He will r>e the fourth of the Lee family to
"jto through" West Point, ard no doubt
he will come away with as many honors
as did his predecessors. It is said that
George Mason inherits the natural mili
tary qualities of the Lees. H2 has served
two and a half years in the Virginia Mili
tary Institute, where he stood at the head
of his class when he left, and also held the
rank of color sergeant.
But talking about youn_- Lee's good for
tune sends my mind back to the lonp
days, yes to the long years of the civil war,
in which I participated on the side of the
gray because, as the theosophists say, it
was a Karmic law that sent me to that
side. I cannot realize that thirty-five
years have come and gone since I rode
away with "Pap" Price to have "a little be
fore breakfast fun." "Breakfast" was not
"announced" until after four years had
sunk into the everlasting past, but when
it was announced there .was gladness
everywhere. It matters not now whether
the war had to be or not, but one of the
greatest and most enduring results of the
strife is the feeling of admiration Tor the
mightiness of the prowess of the blue and
the gray which they entertained, the one
for the other, and which makes the nations
of the world admit that the American sol
dier has not now and never had a superior
on the earth.
This reminds me ol a "talk" an ex-Con
federate gave at a G. A. R. campfire, to
which he had been most cordially and
lovingly invited. After telling the regula
tion number of "jokes" he said: "The
war is over. It has been over nearly a
third of a century, and I am sorry to say
that there are a few in the North who wore
the blue and a few in the South who wore
the gray who do not appear to know that
hostilities ceased long years ago. But that
is because they do not know how the
struggle was ended. I will tell you how I
understood its closing to be. It was upon
the field of Appomattox. The gray had
been driven from hill to plain and from
plain to bill, but upon every hill aid upon
every plain there was scattered that which
told that proud and determined American
manhood lad passed that way— the blue
and the gray.
"Appomattox was reached, and there
were no more hilis, no more plains, but a
deep precipice stretched its roaring brink
away to the right and away to the left.
The gray stopped. The end had come.
'But ol the ending?' askel the gray, one
of another. Endless lines of the blue
moved steadily on in the mighty power of
sublime purpose. There stood long lines
of gray upon the brink of a yawnine gap
in the earth, so to speak. In the glory of
proud self-respeci and in the blaze of "un
daunted courage they stood there. Then,
out of the gloom of the abyss beyond, to
which all eyes were drawn— the blue
and the gray— ther • arose two sol
diers armed and equipped for deadly
struggle. Higher and still higher they
arose until they reached higher than
mountain top, where they paused. The
gray divested himself of his. implements
ol war, as did the blue. The blue and
the gray and the gray and the
blue wrapped the stars and bars
around their guns; then, standing in the
clasp of brotherly affection, raised their
deatu-dealing muskets, wrapped in the
bars and stars, and dropped them down
deep into the ocean of eternal forgetful
ness, while out of the hearts of the long
lines of the blue and the gray and the
pray and the blue there came all unfurled
the Stars and Stripes and drew all men
ursto them. But a voice! It came down
from th«- land of wheat and corn— the land
of plenty— and up from where the oranee
distills its perfume, and, like the voice of
one 6ent from on high, it said: 'Blue and
gray, gray and blue, love one another.' It
was the voice of Abraham Lincoln."
Of course there was not much to the
"talk," but somehow it turned a stream of
fraternal feeling which made the campfire
burn as it never burned before. There
were two or three ex-Confederates present,
and such handshaking, such embracing^
and so much of brother admiring brother
I never before witnessed. It vas "com
rade" all the time, and c stranger could
not have told which wore the blue and
which the gray.
After the "harrltack and sow belly" had
been "issued" the comrades fell to telliuc
war stories, but as the blues had :o!d
theirs so often to one another they pressed
the grays into doing the reminiscence act
ar.d in splendid good taste ti.ey confined
their tales of war and fun to their own
side.
• "One of the most amusing incidents,"
said a gray, "happened in Virginia. It is
more or less a reflection upon a certain
Mississippi regiment, but no matter. It
was during one of those resting spells
which soldiers take when on a long
march by lounging about on the roadside.
Tie Mississippi regiment referred to
was taking It very comfortably, and,
as almost all soldiers do, pok^d fun
at straggling -oldiers of otlier commands
that happened to pass. A lean, long and
lank North Carolinan came along and at
once the Mississippi boys began : 'Hello,
tarheel!" 'Better stick a little more tar
on. hisdn't you?' 'Gottarin yourcanteen?'
'I say, are you from Buncombe County?'
'Bet you are and have got a bottle of tar
in your haversack!' 'Tar up, old man, or
you may run away with yourself.' The
North Carolinan held his peace until he
reachpu the head of the regiment where
the officers 01 the regiment and brigade
were visaing, when he turned and faced
his tormentors and with a foghorn voice
said: 'Yes. I'm a tarheel, and I want to
say to you Mississippi fellers that if you
had put tar on your heels I reckon you
wouldn't have run so like the devil at
Seven Pints.' He was allowed to move on
in pence, for he called up recollections of
painful facts. 1 '
"I had an experience," said another
gray, "that explains why some officers
found it so easy to be elected to office after
the war; how they happened to be so very
fiopukir with the home folks. I was acting
'rovest Marshal at Granada, Miss., and a
supposed spy was brought in. I asked him
to identify himself, whereupon he in
formed me that he belonged to the com
manding general's engineer staff. I re
plied that I was personally acquainted
with all the engineers in that wing of the
department, and that I not only knew he
was lying, but that he was a spy; further
more, I charged him with l«eing drunk.
"He looked at me a full minute with what'
I thought was «i most devilish grin. I
wanted him shot to death right then and
there. After permitting me to work my
self into a rage he quietly said: 'I insist
that I belong to the general's engineer
staff, but it is his biographical engineer
staff. 1 am the correspondent of the Mobi le
Register and am up here making gr^at
generals— on paper/ I found his state
ment to be true, and I also found out how
it happened that so many small generals
are so great and distinguished at home."
A good many pathetic incidents were
then recounted by both sides until the wee
small hours had come, when an old and
battle-worn blue arose and said: "Com
rades of the gray and the blue, I am proud
to say that America, my country, gave
birth to so distinguished, so great and so
pure a man as General Robert E. Lee."
Because he said that, and because he is a
representative soldier of the army of the
world's greatest general, U. S. Grant, I
am glad that the roster of the United States
army will again bear the name of a Lee.
Armokd.
PLAYED THE CRIPPLE.
Young Impostor Who Earned 88 a Day
by the Work.
If there really are more than a hundred
professional becgars in the city who are
trying to obtain money from credulous
residents by pretending to be crippled or
maimed the police have a stood deal of
woric to do before they can rid the city of
the impostors. That the professionals are
present here in large numbers, from
Brooklyn, New York, Troy and other
PIGEON POINT LIGHTHOUSE, One of the Most Important Stations on the Cali
fornia Coast, Guarding a Particularly Dangerous Locality Where Fogs
and Treacherous Currents Prevail, and Where Twenty Ships Have
Been Wrecked in the Last Fifty Years.
[Drawn from a photograph taken expressly for " The Call."
cities, is what the police were told yester- |
day by a 16-year-old boy, who admits that
since he first played the role of a cripple
in this city he has been collecting money
steadily, someiimesas mucti as $8 in a day.
This young fellow was arrested on State
street. He says his name is James Fox.
that he coroes from Buffalo, N. V., and
that he ran away from home more than
ten years ago. Only part of the boy's
story of his subsequent adventures is be
lieved by the police. He says he obtained
work last summer at some of the reestau
rants at Coney Island, and that after the
close of the season he went to New York,
looking for work. Thrre he met a mau
who said he was a commercial traveler,
but who proved to be "Brooklyn Billy,"
well known as a professional beggar, who
had made a cripple of himself by placing
lime on his hand and leaving it too
long. By this man, the boy says,
he was introduced to a regular company
af ueggars. who took his right shoe
to a cobbler and had the heel raised
several inches. They made the young
fellow wear that shoe, so he says, and
walk as if crippled. They also provided
him with card§on which was printed the
"Cripple's Appeal," three stanzas of poor
verse intended to affect the sensibilities
of the tender-hearted. The boy took
these cards to the ferries, to of
nces, or to railway stations, and
there distributed them, collecting them
after the holders had had time to read
them, with wnatever money people were
willing to give. "Brooklyn Billy" always
followed the boy, to take charge of what
ever money wa< collected.
When the police had heard the bo^'s
story a telegram was sent to the address
he gave in Buffalo, and awaiting the re
ceipt of a reply from the persons supposed
to be the boy's parents, he was locked up. —
Boston Transcript.
GTEORGE MASON LEE, Grand Nephew of General Robert. E. Lee. Who Was Re
cently Appointed to a Cadetshlp at West Point After Passing the Examina
tion With txceptionally High Honors. He Is Only Sixteen Years of Age.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
THE PIGEON POINT
LIGHT GOUSE.
CAPTAIN WARNER, the Keeper of the
Pigeon Point Lighthouse.
ABOUT midway between San
Francisco and Santa Cruz ±*ieeon
Point projects its jagged reef into
the waters of the Pacific. On ac
count of fogs and treacherous cur
rents this locality has always teen con
sidered a dangerous one to navigation, and
during the last fifty years about twenty
vessels have been wrecked there. Most of
the disasters, however, happened before
the Government erected a lighthouse on
the point in 1^72.
Pigeon Point is the only cape of any im
portance on the coast, of California "with
an English name, but when, why or by
whom it was christened is not a matter of
record in the lighthouse annals. There is
certainly nothing about the place to sug
gest such a cognomen, nor are pigeons
generally seen in the immediate vicinity.
Old residents of Pescadero say that it got
its name from a carrier pigeon station that
was on the point years ago. The birds
were used to carry the names of ships to
San Francisco as soon as they were
sighted. Of this there is no record,
but it is known that the Merchants'
Exchange had a semaphore signal station
there in 1865. In weather when the sema
phore could not be seen the dispatches
were sent by horseback riders. If pigeons
ever were used for the purpose, it must
j have been for a very short time, or many
I years previous.
The first work done by the Government
I engineers on Pigeon Point was to put up
I the foe signal. This was used for the first
j time on September 10, 1871. The work of
I rtuilding the lighthouse tower was being
carried on at the same time, but progress
was necessarily slow, so that the lamp was
not lichted until November 2, 1872. Since
then no changes ol any kind have been
made in the buildings on the station.
Pigeon Point is about seven miles from
Pescadero in San Mateo County. The
road to it is a good one, and the station is
well worth a visit. The lofty white tower
can be seen from the top of the hill just
outside of town, and remains in view until
the place is reached.
When within half a mile of the station
it shows to the best advantage. The ouild
ings are on a long reef that stretches from
the m ainland into the ocean, the outer end
jagged and ugly looking. The portion oc
cupied by the lighthouse is as level as a
floor and about twenty feet above water at
hieh tide. There is no sien of a garden.
Not even a plat of grass to rest the eye.
Nothing but a gravel -covered rock as bar
ren as the top of a billiard-table.
The most interesting thing about the
station is, of course, the light tower, which
is built of brick and located on the south
ernmost point of the cape. At the foot of
the tower is a small brick building ol" two
rooms, one used for supplies and the other
for keeping the log and other records. The
two rooms are divided by a hall, through
which entrance ib had to the tower. A
spiral iron stairway leads to the top. It is
a long climb, winding round and round
ail the time, every footstep echoing and
vibrating through the tower like the roar
of distant thunder. The whole upper por
tion of the tower is of iron and glass, so
strongly put together that the tierces?
gales cause not the slightest jar.
Pigeon Point light is of what is known
as the first order. It gives a white flash
every ten seconds, and on clear nights can
be seen from Point Bonita. on the North
Head of the Golden Gate. The flash is
created in the usual manner by making
the whole lens frame revolve around the
lamp by a clockwork mechanism, operated
by a weight. It makes one revolution
every three minutes, and eighteen bulls
eyes project each a pencil of light, which
are seen in succession from a certain
point as they pass around.
The light is produced by a Funk lamp
that burns mineral oil. It has been in usp
about ten years and before that time lard
oil was used exclusively. Oil is fed to
this lamp from a tank by means of
a metal float that rests on the sur
face and forces it up into a
s-mall reservoir from which it flows
to the four circular wicks. A series of
valves and chambers make the oil feed
automatic, so that the wicks get all tbey
need, but no more. The focal plane of the
lamp is exactly 100 feet above high tide.
The lenses of the Pigeon Point light
are as fine as any that were ever
made and are said to have had quite
a history before being placed in their pres
ent position. The lenses were made by
Henry Lepaute in Paris, France, in 1854.
The lighthouse records contain nothing of
the early history of them, but the story is \
that they were first put up on Cape
Hatteras. They remained there
until some time during Ihe war of
the Rebellion. It was while the opera
tions were going on at Roanoke Island
that the keepers feared that they would
be destroyed by a shot from tome of the
hostile fleet hovering in the vicinity and
took them down and buried them. Some
of the rebels must have dug them up, for
the next that is known is that they were
found in an old warehouse in New Orleans
about 1868 As they were just what was
wanted at Pigeon Point, they were sent
out and put up in their present position.
The fog- signal buildings are on the
western point of the cape, DUt are consid
erably the worse for wear. They are four
in number and contain duplicate sets of
machinery and boilers. The whistles are
of the common locomotive type, one of
them having a ten-inch dome and the
other a twelve-inch. Fogs come up sud
denly at Pigeon Point, and during the
winter the whistles will often be kept
going for days at a time.
At such tirties the tires are banked in the
boilers when the fog lifts, but ordinarily
they are simply laid ready to litht at a
moment's notice. Wood is used at first
and the boilers are so constructed that
steam can be raised in less than forty min
ute*. If the fo^ should come up very sud
denly and vessels are known to be near a
bell is tolled until one of the whistles is
blown.
The keepers' residence is a large build
ing built to accommodate four tamilie*,
and so arranged that each section is inde
pendent of the others. The outside is of a
pretty design, and the inside is con
veniently arranged, although not orna
mental in any way. Each section has
four rooms, one of them being fitted with
a range and cooking utensils by the
Government.
All of the buildings on the Pigeon Point
station are painted a pure white with
black or gray trimmings. The tower is
white with the exception of the lantern,
which is black. At one time the Govern
ment used to allow the residences to be
painted any color that suited trie tastes of
the keepers, but now they can only be
white with black or gray trimn.ings. Only
black and white paint is supplied and the
keepers can mix this any way they please
to get the desired shade of gray.
The question of water has always been
a serious one at Pigeon Point. For many
years the keeper used to haul all they
used for domestic purposes for a long dis
tance. At present the supply is good ex
cept perhaps afev months late in the sum
mer. On one of the hills about a mile from
the station a ten-acre rainshed has been
built that during the winterseason tills sev
eral large tanks that hold nough to supnly
the boilers all summer. For domestic
purposes a pipe has been laid a long dis
tance to a spring of very irood water. The
spring is at such an elevation that the
Water is carried into all parts of the houses
by the force of gravity.
Pigeon Point light station is in charge of
Captain Marner. He has four assistants,
and during the foggy season the duties are
most wearing. The location of the liirht
tower in relation to the fog signal makes
it impossible for one man to watch both
even for a short time, and in very stormy
weather it is necessary for two to be in the
tower. The elevation of the tcwer makes
it a mark for sea birds at night, and they
frequently fly through the panes of glass
in the lantern.
These have to be replaced as quickly as
possibly, and it cannot be done by "one
man, although glass is always kept ready
cut and special clamps are on hand for
the purpose. When the fog whistles have
to be kept going day and night the keep
ers find it almost impossible to get even a
few minutes' sleep.
Captain Marner has been in the light
house service for many years. At first he
was an assistant on the old tender Man
zanita, and took his present post about
ten years aso.
As Pescauoro is a summer resort, visitors
come to the lighthouse by the dozens
during the season. They seem to take a
delight in climbing the tower and never
lose interest in the lamp. Many of them
will come day after day and make a trip
up the spiral staircase. This is a mystery
to the keepers, who fail to see what the
visitors can find to interest them after
they have been there once.
AN APOLOGY TO MRS, MAC
Containing a Brief Account of
Some Human Ambitions That
Have Changed for the Bet
ter and a Further Proof
That External Ap
pearances May Be
•Deceptive.
I have a habit— the growth of some ex
perience at side stations— of automatically
passing a napkin over my plate as I turn
it up and listen to the formula repeated by
the fresii and sometimes pretty country
girl who stands beside the table and says,
in one long breath, "Hamandeggsroast
muttonroastbeefoornbeefandcabbage!"
And I am writinc this now with con
trite spirit and in the hope of assuaging
somewhat the pang I may have caused
Mrs. Mac one evening last week when she
J stood beside me and repeated the usual
formula in words pleasingly tinged with
reminiscences of the land that is famous
for stews and baked potatoes.
Mrs. Mac was neither a fresh nor a
pretty country girl, but a good, motherly
Boul and a connoisseur of neatness and
cleanliness. I may not have wiped her
plate with ray napkin— certainly it needed
no further polishing— but I may have done
bo unthinkingly; therefore this apology.
Who is Mrs. Mac?
Ask the question of any drummer who
travels the San Joaquin Valley— and he
will argue from it your own obscurity. He
may also tell you that she is the plump
and hospitable little woman who cook 3
the best steak in California — he may say
"in the world" — for drummers are prone
to exaggeration. He will probably be shy
about telling you where to find Mrs. Mac,
however, for drummers are jealous of their
treasures, and then, too, like those unac
quainted with the wonderful aroma of the
'Arcadian mixture" you may not be
worthy of knowing.
But I am not jealous and have decided
to take risks on the latter point, trusting
to the fate which guards choice secrets from
fools, that only the worthy will read these
lines. Know, then, O reader, that
Mrs. Mac is part owner and part ruler of
the tiny and sole hotel at Goshen Junc
tion, and that Goshen Junction is on the
main line, about midway between Han
ford and Visalia. neither of which enjoys
Goshen's distinction of being on the main
line. The other partner is J. F. McLaugh
lin, a very worthy and elderly gentleman,
who has, aside from his half interest in
the tiny Goshen Hotel, also a life interest !
in that jewel among all the side-station |
hostesses of the universe — Mrs. Mac.
I have an evil genius, perhaps a bad
Karma inherited for evil thoughts in a
past incarnation, that prompts me to
dreadful mental pictures and thoughts
when I have the least use for them. I am
trying hard, by righteousness and early
piety, to live down this evil Karma and
its harrowing suggestions, for I believe
that mind can rule not only matter, but
these impalpable things as well. lam also
a believer in— but I will tell that another
time. The task now in hand is to explain
the trepidation with which I pushed open
the outer door of th« Goshen Hotel last
Tuesday evening. My mind was filled
with midnight robberies at lonely road
houses. I thought of the murder of the
rich traveler at the roadside inn as told
The Modest Hotel at Goshen Junction That Is Celebrated in the Valley for the
Hospitalities of Mrs. Mac.
in "The Bells," in "Jonathan Bradford,"
in "Eugene Aram" and in all those old
English murder novels and plays, ar<d I
thought "What a likely place is this for
another murder mystery to-night." Of
course, I struggled against these harrow
ing visions then as I always do, but for all
they were very vivid as I pushed open the
door and stood ready to be surveyed by
the ill-visaged, roughly clad men that 1
was surprised not to see in the barroom.
In their stead I saw a kindly faced, gray
haired man, dressed neatly, though far
from fashionably, all alone in a good sized
room with a big, old-fashioned open crate
and a high bar and its furnishings as its
most distinguishing features. He took
my luggage, put it away in an odd corner,
then led me to a tiny washroom where the
towels were really clean, the soap plenti
ful and the comb quite possible for even a
far more fastidious traveler than myself.
I wanted a meal and a bed for four
hours and the surety of being aroused in
time to catch the very early morning train
to B'resno. How delicious that meal was,
how tender and juicy the steak, how
perfectly cooked the potatoes, what delight
ful lack of sogginess there was to the bis
cuits, how clean that little dining-room,
its table, its knives and forks and spoons
and plates, how welcome were Mrs. Mac's
words of solicitous inquiry concerning the
palatableness of her several dainty yet
homely dishes, cooked and served by her
own hand--all of these things can never be
appreciated by one who has not served his
apprenticeship at the side stations in the
San Joaquin Valley— or at side stations
and cross-roads in some part of the globe.
Two drummers supped at the same table
with me. They spoke affectionately to
"Mrs. Mac," and at intervals when her
back was turned, they generously gave me
a quiet tip that "Mrs. Mac's table is the
best on the road."
The tip was appreciated, but superfluous.
I had already forgotten all my stock of old
English roadside murder tales.
After supper I sat in front of the big
open grate and felt comfortable in body,
mind and soul.
"Have a cigar, mister?' and the host
held an open box in front of me.
I was surprised, for this was contrary to
my previous training. You know the rule
at the railway stations. You pay for all
you get; yon pay double city prices and
you get inferior goods for the money.
Travelers are the fair same of railway sta
tion innkeepers. That is a maxim and a
truism.
But I was even more surprised when I
found the cigar smoked freely, tasted
pleasantly and gave forth a not unpleas
ing aroma. Just then one of the drum
mers departing for his train stooped over
and whispered to me, "Mac and his wife
are too good for this business; I believe
they'd give you half their earnings if you
asked for it." And I was ready to believe
this.
Half an hour later the papers arrived on
the train from San Francisco. Mrs. Mac
brought them in and pointed out to Mr.
Mac the article which told of Superinten
dent Weaver of the Almshouse having re
quested Dr. Williamson to change his vote
so that the politicians might at last gain
their coveted prize and their spoils of pat
ronage.
"Poor man," said Mrs. Mac. "I suppose
he is tired of the long struggle."
And then I ventured into the conversa
tion, because I was interested a bit in this
piece of news.
"It was that man who is responsible for
the legislative act that requires a three
fourths vote to remove the superintendent
of a county institution," said Mrs. Mac.
and she pointed to the only other man in
the room beside myself.
I was interested; reminiscences fol
i lowed, and presently I became possessed
of what seemed to be a very neat little ro
mance.
It is not at all exciting, this romance,
but it presents a strange and unusual con
trast. Not that of power, influence, popu
larity among men and usefulness in pub
lic affairs, faded into dull poverty and
hapless obscurity, for that is common
enough. But here was a man and woman
who once had high ambitions; these am
bitions are gone now, but in their stead
have come peace and cheerfulness and char
ity. Mr. McLaughlin has been a success
ful man, for at last success is only
I the relative attainment of one's present
ambitions. J. F. McLaughlin was once a
power in San Francisco politics. A few
years ago when Clerk Russell of the Board
of Supervisors was asked what superin
tendent had run the Industrial School
now the Branch County Jail— with the
greatest economy and most satisfaction to
the public he replied at once, "J. F. Mc-
Laughlin is the man."
And thia is the mild-mannered, white
haired little gentleman who runs the tiny
Goshen Hotel. His ambitions now are to
please his guests and these ambitions are
more completely realized than were those
of Stanford.
McLaughlin flourished during Stanford's
greatest period of popularity. He was a
pieasing stump speaker and a valued vis
itor at all political meetings. That is how
he came to be superintendent of one of the
largest county institutions. He remained
at the head of the Industrial School for
eight years, a longer period than any of
his predecessors had enjoyed.
To his honesty he owed his downfall
with the politicians. He lost favor with
them as well as with certain large and in
fluential contractors because he would not
stoop to their conceptions of a public trust.
J. B. Stetson and Mr. Gibbs, the wealthy
hardware merchant, were on the Board of
Supervisors when the politicians first be
gan to hate McLaughlin and try to oust
him. At one of the committee meetings —
so an old newspaper clipping records — J.
B. Stetson testified that he had heard Mc-
Laughlin denounced by certain ward poli
ticians because he had turned $19,000 into
the City treasury that should have gone
to "the gang." One of the big clothing
merchants, who was not a contractor,
though he had sought for the contract and
failed to secure it, being also an honest
man, testified at the same time that Mc-
Laughlin had refused to accept a present
from him of a suit of clothes. This was in
1881. A year later McLaughlin was no
longer at the head of the Industrial School.
I slept very soundly and quite fearlessly
that night for three hours under the
modest roof of the only hotel at Goshen
Junction. There was no book in which to
regist> r, and no one asked me my name.
The score I had to pay, I found, was very
modest, yet McLaughlin asKed me to
have another cigar and something warm to
drink before I went out into the darkness
and coldness of 2 a. m. and caught the
train for Fresno. Luke North.
QUEER DRINKING OUTS.
Custom of Using Skulls for This Pur
pose an Olil One.
The barbarous custom of converting the
skulls of enemies into drinking cups was
a common one in ancient times among the
fierce tribes of Northern Europe, and was
not unknown to the people of the more
civilized regions further south. The Ital
ian poet, Marino, causes an assemblage ol
friends to quaff their wine from the skull
of Minerva, and in his "Wonder of a
Kingdom" Torrent makes Dakker say:
Would I nad ten thousand soldiers 1 heHds.
Their skulls set all In silver, to drink healths
To hisconfusiou who ttrst invented war.
Thomas MMdleton, a dramatic writer of
the early part of the seventeenth century,
is believed to be the originator of the
phrase, "a soldier's drinking-cup," as ap
plied to a human skull. In "The Witch,"
one of his most celebrated plays, the dutce
takes a bowl, which he is told is a human
skull, whereupon he exclaims:
(all it a soldier's cup.
Our duchess, I know, will pledge us, though the
Wai ouce her father's head, which as a trophy
M ell keep till death.
One of the delights of the immortals, as
represented in the old Scandinavian sagar,
is that of drinking to drunkenness from
skulls of vanquished foes.
TO LIVING DEATH
GO FOUR WOMEN,
Sisters of Charity to Nurse
the Hapless Lepers of
Louisiana.
Daughters of St. Vincent de Paul
Go Smilingly to Their
Awful Duties.
Departure of the Brave Little Band
for the Outcasts' Retreat at
Indian Camp.
"Bound for the leper land!"
There was a pause in the busy rush on
the levee, says the New Orleans Picayune,
men gathered in hushed groups at the
river bank, and every bat was doffed as
four dark-robed women made their way
through the expectant throng to the land
ing of the Paul Tulane.
Who were they? Ah! who can tell the
identity of the Sisters of Charity— those
sweet, soft-voiced women who move along
the rough paths of the world making no
louder- noise than the rustle of an angel's
wings, with the light of heaven in their
eyes and the touch of the unseen world in
their gentle hand?.
And these four nuns? They were hero
ines every one of them, albeit they went
so quietly on their way, taking up with
willing hands and of their own volition a
work at which the strongest man might
quail. It was the sunset hour; the last
rays lit up with an aureole of splendor the
big ships lying at their moorings, as the
little group of nuns swiftly stepped over
the plankway of the Paul Tulane, and
again was leard in hushed whispers the
words which sealed their fate. "They are
bound for leper land."
Presently the four nuns were joined by
Sister Agnes, the veteran superioress of
the corps of charity hospital nurses, and
Sister Mary Jane, the equally heroic di
rectress of the Louisiaua retreat.
And i this trio of forces was at once
represented the most exaJted and self
sacrificing devotion of the Daughters of
St. Vincent de Paul— the care of the sick
and insane and the outcast ones of earth.
Since its organization the Sisters of Charity
have had the care of the New Orleans
charity hospital and the retreat for the in
sane; to these self-appointed duties they
have now taken up the care of the lepers,
those unhappy God-forsaken people, whose
pitiab'.e and unfortunate condition some
four years ago roused the indignation of
the entire community and brought forth
the reforms in the leper management
which have redounded so much to the bet
terment of the condition of those suffering
outcast ones, and which have culminated
in the fruition of a cherished hope— the
placing of the lepers under the kind and
watchful care of the Sifters of Charity.
The history of the present board of di
rectors of the lepers' hospital, the removal
of these helpless people to the pleasant re
treat at Indian Camp, in the heart of one
>f the most beautiful and salubrious sec
tions of Louisiana, the movement inaugu
ated to place the home under the direct
supervision of the Sisters of Charity, to
gether with all the correspondence on the
subject between the board of directors.
Archbishop Janssens and the superioress
of the order in Emmetsburg, Md., have
been faithfully chronicled, and now comes
the last ana most beautiful chapter in this
work of helping the most miserable and
outcast of God's creation — the arrival in
New Orleans of the volunteer band of nuns
who had offered themselves for this iso
lated work, and who, with one other that
had labored long and faithfully in our
midst, have departed for the scene of their
future life and labors.
One who will act as superioress of the
little band of Sisters of Charity in the
Lepers' Home comes from far off Massa
chusetts. She is Sister Beatrice, and for
twenty-two years has been sister superior
ess in charge of the large charity hospital
in Lowell, Mass.; Sister Agnes of the
New Orleans Hospital, than whom none is
more competent to judge, spoke of the
work accomplished in Lowell by Sister
Beatrice, the building up of the great hos
pital under her careful household manage
ment, the care given tne sick, and the
willingness with which she laid down this
charge to which she had become devotedly
attached through long association to de
vote her life t« the amelioration of the
condition of the r>eople in the leDer land
in the far South. Sister Beatrice was
joined on the way to New Orleans by
Sister Mary Thomas of La Salle, Ind., and
Sister Cyril. Arriving here, Sister Annie,
who for ten years, day in and day
out, has served in the charity hospital
wards, was ready to go on the humane
mission.
In the early morning the noble and
heroic band was visited by Archbishop
Janssens and received his blessing on
their work.
Then as the hour drew near for the de
parture of the steamer, with a full con
sciousness of the difficulties and pains, de
privations and dangers of the life to
which they had pledged themselves, they
boarded the vessel, and here the reporter
met them, and almost the first words put
to their brave leader, Sister Beatrice, were
these:
"Is there no feeling of hesitancy now
that the critical moment has arrived, and
you must leave all those associations
which time has made so dear to take up
your life among a sad, desolate and out
cast people V Do you feel no fear?"
"Hesitancy?" she inquired, with a he
roic challenge in her soft eyes. "Why
should a Sister of Charity hesitate? Are
we not pledged to a life of self-sacrifice and
devotion to humanity? And associations?
Dearer ties were broken long aeo to follow
the voice that called from within to higher
things— and — " she faltered, "you spoke of
the sad and desolate? An experience of
twenty-two years in a charity hospital has
brought me face to face with so much sor
row, so much suffering, that I think even
in a leper land no deeper chords of human
woe could be sounded. And fear?— tear,"
she smiled— "why should we fear? Is not
God watching o^er the leper home, and '
will he not take care of his children— we
and they, for they are our brothers? We
are children of a common father."
The dromedary parrel post service in
the German territories of Southwestern
Africa has given results better than were
expected. The dromedaries are adapted
to the climate, are not affected by tne
prevalent cattle diseases, are not ma<!e
footsore in stony regions and do not suffer
extreme thirst when deprived of water for
a week. They travel, each carrying ,i
weight of 250 pounds, as fast as" an ox
team.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
rUMMABY Or THE MAUKKTS.
Bank Clearings gain 18%.
Silver a Iran lon tinner. '
First new Wheat a rived.
Barley quiet. t'atstirm.
Corn anil Rye dull.
Hay weak.
Beans about the same.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Dairy Products unchanged.
Vegetables as before.
Currants scarce. Cherries firm.
t raxui-s weak.
Dried Fruits sell welL
Poultry nominal.
Provisions unchanged
Explanation.
»t«rn« !ii fllMwUh « 1 »*-l-id. The top figure*
51v«* ? ° ' ndlca i c maximum tern p*Tatur" for the
«__rill B m^ - erneath "•" »ny, the amount of
iurinJ 'th.^ t d , Bn< ? w in inches and hui.dredtbs,
llbm B Jl- PliSt t , wt lve nours. Isobars, or solid
the™, C \ points of equal air pressure- lao
word^-h^h.?° 'l n , c8 ' equal temperature The
to^^-n«iu l m( " a " " hlßh barometric pressure and
is usually accomcanied by fair weather: "low"
Vn-I w I' ressu '*- »nd is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains!
c^_s? s " S " aIy H flrst ! ) '" >nr on the Washington
SSl^iV_ •?^ 11 th e pretajre is high in the interioi
JSIlh ow along the co " ' and the '«°»ars extend
bn^v^n f° v ' h , lllo ?, R lh * coast - rain is probable;
bin when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
S.TI" e «^ n K Vat^' %> ™ in sollth of "rpgon is improb
able. A\ .in a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho and
I f.?r ssure 'ailing to the California coast, warmer
feather may be expected In summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
W4ll produce an opposite resulr.
VVi: ATHKI! BIKEAL' KEPURI
I. KITED states Dkpaktmv.xt OF Aiißicn.
-tube. Weather Bukkau, San Fbancisco, May
23, 1896, 5 f. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 98. last season 41.94: Red Bluff 21.89.
last »p»soii 29.25: San Francisco 21.20. last sea
son 25.41: Fresno 3.16, last season 14.67: san
Luis Obispo 17.70, last season '.'6.93: Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.10; >;m Dtefr.o 5.92, last sea
ton 12.20: Vuma .88. las: season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-tour hours: _ureka 62. Red Bluff
72, sau Francisco 60, 1-resno 82. Han Luis Obispo
80. Los Angeles S2. San l)I»";o 74, Ynrua 96.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 50. mean 55.
An area of high pressure is moving northward
to-night from the coast of Northern California to
the Oregon and Washington coast. The pressure
has risen over Oregon and Washington more than
one-tenth of an inch during tie past 24 hours. ]
The pressure is low over southeastern Utah and j
Arizona. # ••
.The temperature has remained nearly stationary ■
over the entire western half of the country/with j
the exception of tali, where has been a rise of 10 !
dez. during the past 'li hours. \\ arm weather is j
reported in Arizona, maximum temperature ex- i
ceoding 90 dpg.
The weather has been generally fair over the
central and southern portions of the Pacific Slope.
.Light rain hits fallen at several staMons In the
northern portion, ani it is now raining at Port
A ugeles and Portland. There has been a consid
erable increase in cloudiness inland. A thunder
storm Is reported at Helena.
Conditions favor fair weather Sunday through
out this -late, probably warmer In the valleys.
Forecasts made at San .Francisco tor thirty hours
rnding midnight. May 24, lß9t>:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; fresh north
erly winds.
tMntoern California— Fair Sunday; light west
erly winds: probably fog off the shore; continued
warm temperature.
Nevada— 1 loudy In the morning; fair Sunday;
continued high temperatures.
Utah — Fair Sunday; cooler in northwestern por
tion Sunday and >unday night.
Arizona-Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday; fresh
westerly winds, increasing in force in the after
noon. • Ai.exavdkk G. Me A Die,
Local Forecast Olllclal.
NEW TOKK MAKKKTs.
Financial.
M- \v (IRK. N. V., May 23.— Stocks showed
greater strength and business was on a larger
scale than for any previous day of the week. Com
mission houses were more active and more Im
portant interests which have recently held aloof
were more prominent in the dealings. Profes
sional operators who have been attached to the
bear side of the account were disturbed by the
activity of the bnlis and their purchases to cover
short contracts materially assisted the upward
movement. The main factor in bringing about
the higher range of prices was the reiteration of
stories current during Hie past week that the
position of the leading Republican candidate for
the Presidential nomination was In line with the
gold-standard men.
Busiest wai better dis'rlbuted than of late.
Sugar was bought on the advance of a sixteenth in
refined and rose to 125. Manhattan jumped I 1 ,*
to 107%, closing at the besifiguieof the day on
the defeat ot the tunnel scheme and oelief that the
••leva «-d system will resume its extensions with
out unnecessary delay. General Electric, after a
long period of dullness, advanced sharply to 36%.
The recent agreement made with the Westing
bouse Company; it is understood, will result in the
discontinuance of several hundred suits. Busi
ness of both companies, it is said, is also improv
ing as a result of the new combination.
he railway list made snbs:nntlal gains, and a
majority of the leading Issues sold at the top
figures of the week. Tobacco held firm until near
the close, when it ran oft from 681/8 to 60 V4-
Speculation closed strong. Net changes show
gains of i/4 to 2*4 per cent. Total sales, 83,000
shares.
Bonds were qn:et and strong. sales were $467,
--000. St. Louis and San Francisco general sixes,
rose % to 113. St. Paul Southwestern -dividend
sixes i to 118, Texas Pacific seconds % to 22%
and Wisconsin Central fives certificates % to ss»
In Government bonds 12,000 registered lours of
1925 sold at 115.
■•;^ Provisions.
BEEF— SIow, steady: famllv,?9@lo: extra mess,
$7@B; beef bams, quiet, 814 60&15; lierced Deef
dull; <ity extra India mess, ">13@15: cut
meats dull, steady;plckled bellies, 12 pounds. 4y 8
@4Vic: do shoulders, 2 c; do ham.-, 9@9*>4c.
LARD— Dull, unsettled, easy: "A ester n steam,
»4 60f»4e2i/2: city, 84 15: May. 84 60. Rennrd,
mow, continent. 85; bouth American. Kb 40: com
pound, 41/g@4l4c.
POHK— steady, quiet; old mess, 88 25@8 76; new
mess, S9(£9 50.
BUTTKR-Qulet, fairly ac-Ive; state dalrv. f*m
15c: do creamery. ll@10c: Western dairy, 7®loc;
do creamery, ll@15c; do held, 9&1 do factory,
7@10%c; Klgins. 16c: Imitation. io@l2c.
CHEESE— Moderate demand; Mate, large, new,
1i%3a.7"/jc; do small, new. BV*c: part skims, old,
Sfa.4%c; do, new. 2@sc; full skims, 2%c
EtiOt — Firm, light receipts; (State and Pennsyl
vania, ll@12c; Western iresh, 9%@11c; do, per
case. SI 6u@2 65.
TALLOW -Quiet; city. 3@3i/gc; country, 8@
COTTONSEED Ol_— Dull, lower: crude, 21c;
yellow, prime. 24% c; do off grades, 24% c
RKBIN — Qulet.sttaJy : strained, common to good,
*1 80@l 85. " • ; ,
TLi.PKNTINE-Bteadv. 14 c.
POTATOES— easy: old, % 70c; Bermu
das, $2(3.2 40; Kouthern, SI 35&1 40.
,lUC_— Steady; Domestic, fair to extra, 3@s*v4c;
Japan, 4@4 V«c
MOLAS hs- Firm; , New Orleans open kettle,
good to'cbo.ce, 27<»37c.
COFFKK— 10@26 points down; May,
812 75@12 80; June, 812 30; July. 81 1 75: August,
$10 20f<$10 25: beptember, SiO 76@10 85; Octo
ber, $I<> 60; December, $10 25@10 35. Spot Rio
dull, steady, No. .7. 14c.
*u;gaß— Raw quiet, steady: refining 3%c f> lb:
centrifugal*. 96 t*et, 4c f\ tb: refined, 1-lttc higher
quiet;oft A.4 11-16@)4i4c: mold A.63/ c; standard
A, &Vsc; confectioners' A, 6c; cut loaf and
crusbeu. s*4c: powdered A, 6 11-16 C; granulated,
oygc; cubes, S3/ V c.
( Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, weak: Winter wheat, low grades,
f 1 7a(E2 90: do fair to fancy, 82 r>Wa.3 66: do pat-
nts, $3 75@4: Minnesota clears.' $2 60(<t3 10: do
straits, 88^,3 60; do patents, 83 45@4 30: low
extras, SI 7" SCo5 Co. 2 90; city mills, 84 10,a4^0: do
I.ateuts, 84 X<>;sl 50: rye flour 'in! t, steady. $2 40
@3 60* superuiie, 82&2 25: fine, $1 76(52 10. Soutn
••rn flour.dull. steady: common 10 fair extra, $2 30
@*40: good to choice. :8- 90@3 20. . .
i MEAL— Quiet, steady: yellow Western,
|2U5@2 10; Brandy wine, 52 50.
.r R = VE "~ f?teady: Xo - 2 Western. 43@43 Vic; State.
4r@46c delivered.
BARLEY— Quiet; ungraded Western. 39@41c.
RARLEY MALT— Quiet; Western. 47@5»c.
W HKAI- Dull, steaJy: f. o. b. 74% c; ungraded
red, 65@75c: No. 1 Northern. 70c.
Ootious duil and unchanged, closing steady with
only a light local trade and absence of outside
news. .Tilly most active. No. 2 red, May. d"";4c:
June, 67S /8 c; Jniy. 67% c: August, 6"Vie; Septem
ber, 678 ' 8 c: December, 69c
CORN— DuII, steady. y 8 c lower. No. 2, 34 % c:
elevator: 357 c afloat.
Options dull and steady, at l/ 8 c decline. May,
347 8 : June, «47' 8 c; July. 353/ c; -eptemter 36
OATb-Actlve, steady.
Options dull, nominal. May and June, 24c: July,
245,,,.. spot prices: No. 2, 2414 c: No. 2 white,
26% c; mixed Western, £5@26c; white do and
white State. 26@28c.
FKKD BRAN-55@65c
MIDDLINGS— 65g)70c.
RYK-Feea.6oc
Fruit and Produce.
.CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
ALMOND?— Nominal.
WALNUTS— NominaI.
APRICOTb— Bags. B%<i4lOc.
PKACHKS— reeled, V If. 12@13c: do nn
pe«lea. E%@7c
PR L'Xks— Four sizes. sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose muscatel. 3c: three
crowu do. 4c: four-crown do, 484<&5c; Lon
don layers do, 90e@"!l.
HOPS— state common to choice. 2%@Bc:
Pacific Coast. 2%@7c.
WOOL-Quiet: steady: domestic fleece, 15@21c;
pulled, 16®33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchnutlise.
PIG IRON- Active. American. *10 75@13 5a
COPPER-Firm: lake. Sll 25©11 50.
LEAD— Dull; domestic. $3 02%.
TIN-Qulet: Straits. $13 50(0.13 65; plates,
moderately active.
SPELT.fc.R-Quiet: domestic. Si 12%.
CHICAGO MARKETS
CHICAGO, Ixj_, May 23.— Neither the interests
of buyers nor Of sellers were particularly benefited
by the developments in wheat this morning.
Prices moved over a very restricted range and
with something of irregularity to the movement.
The pit operations were not important, the pur
chase of about 200,000 bushels by a commission
house attracting more attention than a trade of
ten times that amount would have under ordinary
circumstances. This being a holiday In English
markets was one drawback to the trade and the
short session was another. Export clearances
from both coasts for the week were a little better
than they have been. 1.906,000 bushels, including
wheat and flour, being shipped.
Receipts at Chicago were sixteen cars and 108,
--409 bushels were withdrawn from store. The
Northwest had 385 cars against 337 last Saturday
and 277 a year ago. Argentine shipments last
week were 872,000 bushels. Closing continental
cables were lower. Export clearances at Atlantic
ports were 346.709 bushels. in the last few mo
ments the market firmed ud on fair buying by a
local professional, who was presumably covering
short wheat. July wheat opened from 60 3 .4e to
60*/gr, sold between 603 and 61 and til",
closing at 61c bid, s/ 8 c higher than yesterday, es
timated receipts for Monday eleven cars.
COUN— Speculative interest in corn continued
lifeless. About the only trading that took place
was selling against ••calls" early and buying
against "puts" later, the course of prices render
ing such action possible. Of course the governing
Influence came, as usual, from the neighboring
wheat nit. No Liverpool cables were received.
Receipts were 26S cars, a few less than were esti
mated, and 219,951 bushels were taken from
store. Argentine shipments of corn last week
were COs.ooo bushels. Export clearances were
289.174 bushels. The market did not respond to
the final bulge of wheat. July corn opened at
29*4 c, sold between i9*/i@2B")'gc and 2Pc, closing
at vac bid, Vh@">4c under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for Monday 400 cars.
OATS— Failed to show anything startling or
worthy of especial mention in their trade. Quiet,
with occasional moderately active moments de
scribes the general character or the market. The
I direction of prices and the feeling exhibited were
1 recuiaied by wheat's action. Receipts were 326
cars. There were no withdrawals from store.
Export clearances were 144,000 bushels. July
oats closed a shade under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for Monday 310 cars.
FLAX— dull and easy. Cash, 86@S6%c;
May 84c bid: July, 86c asked: September, 861 2 c
asked. Receipts were 18 cars.
PROVISIONS— On the average product was
steady. Pork was the leading market in the trade,
i professionals expressing confidence in lower
j prices for it and devoting themselves to the task
or bringing atoi'.t a decline. Lard and ribs are so
I very cheap that some doubt as to the wisdom of
attempting to depreciate them further is felt.
.' borne strength In the* hoe market assisted pro
visions early. The feellnc at the clo*e was firm
all round. July pork closed 7 1 vfiplOc higher,
July lard and ribs each s<a7 Va c higher.
BUTTER— Receipts of butter to-day were light,
and there was a good deman~l. particularly for
fancy grade. The feeling was firm. Creameries —
' Extras, 15c; firsts, 146514 ! 2 c; seconds. I<>@
j 13c: irrigations, fancy, ll@lisc. Dairies— Extras,
. 12%'S-l ■><■: firsts. ]0@llc; seconds. 9c asked.
[ LaiUes— Extras, 9@loc; firsts. 8@8%o; packing
. stock. 7c asked.
EGGS— Met with a good sate and were firm. The
supply was moderate. Fresh stock was quotable
I at BV"feloc it dozen.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and v 7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 90c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— May. BOo; July. 61c: t^piember, 62c.
CORN— May, 2&Vs«" July. '«:9iß c ; September,
303,".
OATS— May, "BV4c: July, 183/4 C; September,
19<g>19y 8
lOKK— July. $7 32%: September, $7 45%.
LARD— JuIy, *4 32%; September. *4 571-.
lU_s— July, 13 95; September, $4 07 1 >
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS It_, May 23.-Only
a handful of cattle were received to-day and the
market was nominally steady. The run of hogs
was moderate. There was a good demand while
the supply lasted. The feeling averaged firm at
yesterday's prices. The sheep market was firm.
"Most of the arrivals were consigned to a dressed
beef concern.
! CATTLE — Receipts. 150. Fancy beeves,
I 94 20@4 HO: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. ?400'a:125: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. S3 8O(_3 95: medium steers. 1000
to 16' JO pounds, $3 60ra,3 76: common to fair steers.
! 950 to 1400 pounds. $3 30<_3 55: choice feeders.
! 900 to 1200 pounds. S3 55@3 85: common to choice
{ slackers. 92 75(0.8 55: Dulls and stags, choice 10
j extra. *3 00®3 SO: bulls, poor to choice. *2 00<$
| 2 90; cows and heifers, extra. $3 75(54 10: cows,
fair to choice. f 2 40@3 70: cows, common to fair.
! SI 60@2 35: calves, good to choice. $4 750
; 6 10: calves, common to good. S3Q4 70; Texas
i grass steers, $2 75(a,3 25: 'I «>xas fed steers. S3 30
f (ft.) 90: Texas cows ana bulls, S2 :i&f£3 25; makers
1 ana springers, pet bead, $20(4.35.
j HUGH— Receipts. 14,000. Heavy packing ana
1 shipping lots, %A OS'S*;-) 32%: common to choice
mixed. S3 l.VccH 40: choice assorted. S3 40&
3 £0; light, *:■; 200,3 60; pigs, $2 25<53 50.
hHEt-P — Receipts. 3000. Inferior to choice,
*'*50(b4: limbs, *3 50«5 25.
CALIFORNIA FIIUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, 111. May 23.— Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California cherries at open auction to
day, as follows: Black Tartarian. $1 40@l 76;
Purple Guigne. $1 70; Rock port, $1 35: Belle de
Orleans (In Door condition), 75c@Sl 05; Mammoth
Bigerlan, $1 20.
Porter. Brothers Company sold to-day at open
auction a carload of California fruit at the follow
ing prices: Cherries — Tartarian, SI 45@2 35:
Rockports. $1 45@1 50. Apricots at $1.
NEW YOltK MOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shir«.
Money on call easy at 2%. Prime mercantile
payer, 605VsV Bar silver, 18& Mexican dollars.
~>3VsC. btening exchange quiet, firm, with actual
busluess in bankers' Dills at. 94 87%@4 88 for
sixty days and *4 88%@4 8P for demand. Posted
rat"-. 24 tSB«4 89%. Commercial bills, S4 86%
(g,4 87 V4- uovernment bonas steady; state bond*
dull: railroad bonds strong, silver at the board
was neglected.
CLOBINO STOCKS.
iD Tel A Cable— F2 i.Norloiic A Wei:. Vs
A'xhlsor- l5»/s' Preferred. Hi/1
Preferred 2 25/g Northern Pacldo.. 1/4.
Adams impress... 150 : Preferred. 12
Alton.TerreUaute. 64 .Nonnwester'n."" lUai/i
American Express. 114 | Preferred. .. Il^Si,,
American Tobacco. 66% N. Y. Central... Bda,"
Preferred 9» iN .Y. Chicago —3.1, 13
Bay Stale lias HO | Ist preferred... . 76
_altlmore _Ohlo.. IBV4 Id Preferred..... 81 !
krunswicK l-»uas.. % a. \.a N. H. . -..174
Buffalo, Roch AP. 19% N. Y. A New En«. 46
Canada Pacific... 61%! N. Y.busq A W._ 8»i.
Canada Southern.. 61 Preferred. _ S4U,
Canton l_nd ~ Ontario 13 73
Central Paclfio.... 14%;Untarlu A Westara. 147/.
Cbes.A Ohio. 16 7 Oregon Ixnprovmt. 1
Chicago Alton 157 l'referreu. —
Preferred. 170 Oregon Navl«aUool 14
Chicago, _. A U. ... M' "■ . Oregon short 14am. 7V,
Chicago AE. 111... 41 li'aclflcMau.. . 26 vl
Preferred. 98 ' Pcona. D.A £vana> 2
Cblcacouas  683/g'Plttsburg A W ptd. 16
CleveA Pitts burg. 1«J Pullman Pa1ac«...158
Consolidation Com. a 2 quicksilver^ _ 1
Consolidated Qas..ir>B%< Preferred. ._ la
c. c. c. Abu Louij. 3Ho P.eading. us/,
Preferred Hi ' ,P.ioUruudV_Wwta 1>
Cola Fuel A iron.. 28%! Preferred. « 48
Preferred. 80 ; Rock lslana "0%
Cotton OU Cert.... 13 «omoWat <£Ugdsnll
Commercial Cable. ISO !tt. L. i. b. w , 4Vh
Del. Hudson 12 1 Preferred. 1OV»
Uel._ackAW«ii«rnl ji V 2 fct.Paul.. _ l^i/.
UenverAK.U..... 14 Preferred. l.'m.
Preferred. 483 „ Kt. Paul DulatH. 23
llfctUlers , — 183, Preferred 8a
: General —lecuio... 8 >"-..,*"'. Paul (toman*. 4.;"«
trie *_ 14 !• Preferred. 124
Preferred M 6 ;,. c <. KM-A M. 112
Fort Wayne 160 ."sliver Ceruneates.. us
GreatNorth«rnD(a.li6 southern Pacific... 19%
Greeaitay % boutnern 11.... m 9s /a
Hariem 296 i Preferred. 3oV*
Hocking Coal 2vi, bL Kar Refinery....! 2 «s/ 8
Hocking VaUey... 1534 Preferred. ; 103%
HomestaK*. ...... Zi iTenn. Coal A Iron. -27
H . A Texas Cent.. 1 Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 96 Texas Pacific 8
lowa Central. BV4 loI.A.A.AN.JUca.— —
Preferred...... ._ 83% loL * Ohio *j«n_. . Si
Kansas-Texas.— 11% Preferred. 73
Preferred 25% lol.Bt._oulsAi_a 0%
Kingston* Pern... I rl Preferred 6
J.»keEne Weetn 18 ; Union Pac1f10...... h
Preferred... — .. 713/* 1 - P.. Den. * ami. jjy, 1
Lv« 5h0re... ...... 149 D.B.Cordag».^» 6%
National Lead-.... 26 /i rrertrr»d......_. ]cjs/.
Preferred _ 9i4* r ,°£ a ** 1 21 %
LcngUlana 7»vi l> *•*•«•**••...- 40
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 3IAY 24, 1896.
Loulevl c A Nash. 51V» 0, Leather 9
_ouisvllUNa_C_ 9^ Preferred.....:^ 65
Preferred 0 jU. 8. Rubber _ 24%
Manhattan consoi. 107 Preferred. .... -3%
Mempnis A Chart* 15 Uilca_B. River.. 160
£« ICM S«« m -" 0 Wab. b. L. & Pao.. 7^»
*llchi*an Central., t.. | Preferred. iBVa
M i, na ** 1 ' iWells-Fanro. ." B8 /8
mi J^"; Western Union... 65%
Minn. _BU_ com. 19 Wis Central. .. 1
Ist preferred 7*l 4 Wheeling __,_.. 1014
Sdpreferreu 4H84 Preferred. SCVg
« 1 v '_ * clflc — • a.V,, Am Cotton Oupto. 65
llobUe* Ohio 21 ■" |WU Beef 8%
ZsashvlUe Chatt.... 68 Ann Arbor 9^
Rational Linseed., 16 ; Preferred 25
J. Central. ...... 1 5 Brooklyn Tractiou. 24%
North American... 58/sErle 2d pfd 21
> ' CLOBIKO BON n*.
I F4r.ree 1091 1; m KT2ds. 59%
Do, 4s c0up0n... 11014 Do. 4s. 86
V P45newre .....117v 8 Mutual Union'«i'.'.ll4
Do, 4s coupon. ..im X J Cent Gen 65... 119
£*• Sa .**Vfe Northern lst_ll7V4
£°. *• 31 * Do. 2ds 115
Do. bs counon 11.-ti-. Do. Sfs 74
Cl i? ro ?S2^- IMo< 12* w ">~nwest'c«_io\_i
5°.J8»7 100 Do.«leb D 109
re, 1898.. 100 OR_N lets IllJ™
1899- ... ... 100 BiLAlronMtOensi SO %
Feclflc 6s 0f '85....- — • M L A BFGm6I 11»
r>. C. 8-6 6, 1 09 >t Paul Consols ... I so
Ala Class A 4 10U feu P. C. _Pa lsu 118
Do. Class 84. 6s. 105 1 Do. Pao & . "Si 110
I.a consoi 4s. 89% f-onthern R. R. Os. 93 «4
Missouri fundmst..— I Texas Paclnc firsts 90V*
X Carolina con 65.. 1-' Texas Pac seconds. 22
. Do, 4s 104 L'nlonl'ao Ist of BtJ. 10 ' ,
to Carolina 4%5...10tf 1 West »hor* 4s. 108
lennnewtta 85 Mobile _ Ohio 4* . 36
\a funding aeDt... 61% UrandeWest 76
f°. *** |Ches_O6s 107»/i
Da deterred 6s .. 5 Atchison 4. 7»vt
■fo. trust rcDts ss 6 I Do. sds a - 42&
C*Dsaaßouth2os..losi.io H -8 A €•...._ 105
ten Pac or '96 101 V 2; Do. 7s. 101
lX l l\P H A Tex Sent 6i:: 108%
ft?;** 9 \ l * Daconee 100
rlea ds e °^vil#^_; uirltt * 79Vi
i^aiiKia j-a consols 7:^ 1 Migrouw t» luo
*!>*-* Jbt» i»endlvlllV4'
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Kxb., May 23.-The spot market
Is quiet at 6s 4%d@ss 5%d. Cargoes steady at
27a 6d sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
6s 2» / id; June. 5s 2s /4 d; July, 6s 3d; August, 6s
3d; .-A-pt ember, 5s 3d.
SKCCHITIKS.
LONDON. "S-«o.. May 23 —Consols. 112 7-16:
silver. 31 1-16<1: French Rentes, 1011 95c. Bullion
into Bank of England, £25,000.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — »4SHi' 4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89%
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — I-%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Fine Silver. V ounce. — t>B
Mexican Dollars 54Vi 6484
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were 11,786,307,
against 810,389,251 lor the same week In 1895,
a sain of 13%.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A car of new crop Sonora from Kern
County, the first of the season, was sold on 'Change
at auction at $1 11%. It was plump and clean
and weighed 03*,; Its *3 bushel, but was cut too
green.
The market showed no change. No. 1 quotable
at Jl 06Vi: choice, SI 07%@* 0*8,4 : lower grades.
!fl©l 05; extra choice for mUling, f 1 1531 20 ft
ctL
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Skssiov — 10 o'clock — December—
500 tons, $1 027,,; 500. $1 03.
Regular Mokmm) bKSßioN— December— lloo
tons. SI 03%.
BARLEY -shipment of 79,935 ctls Brewing.
valued at $75,500, to Cork.
Futures are lower, but spot grain shows no fur
ther decline. Feed, 71i*(g,7:-i / choice, 73^(g,
i 76c; .brewing, bO@Bsc. ; r.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal skbrion — 10 o'clock— December— 2oo
I tons, 7 - 8 e: 200, 72% c.
Kkbilab idii.MM) Session— December— 200
tons, 73c.
OATS— Firm and in fair demand. Milling, 77%
; (a.850 V ctl; fancy Feed. 856590 c: good to choice.
80®86c; common to fair, 70@77%: Gray, 72%
@,&2%c; Surprise. 90C(<$$i %» ctl.
• CORN— AII descriptions are quoted easy and
dull. Large Yellow. 90@92%c; Small Round do,
97% c: White. b2%@Bsc %4 ell.
YE— 7s@77%c i* ctl.
_UCK\v__AJ— 86@90c V ctl.
ILOUIt AND MI__STCrFS.
FLOUR — Net rash prices are: Family extras,
83 75@3 85"^ bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 jja,.i tib;
I superfine. «2 75@3. .'.>",.•»; ■.»•
; . CUKNMKAL, ETC— Feed. Corn, «20@20 60;
Cracked Corn, Sill ft ton.
MILLSTIFFS-Pricesin 10-16 lacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
23/ic; Rye Flour. 3i 4 c: Rice Flour. 7%c: Corn
meal, 4 ©3 c; extra cream do. S'^c; Oatmeal,
;i ,4c: Oat Groats, 2 c: llomlnv. 4(<I4V2C: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 8%o"; Farina,
41 •_•(•: Whole Wheat Flour, Sc; Rolled Oats, 4%c;
Pearl Barley, 4%c: Split Peas, 4x/ 4 c; Green do,
6'4c V- tb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
AN— ?l s.&lO 50 9 ton.
MIDDLINGS— 16 So@l7 50 "^ ton for lower
grades and f 18g,10 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF"* — Rolled Barley, 516@16 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. *JO V ton; jobbing, $21;
' Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 ~?. ton.
HAY— The appearance of the new crop makes
the market weak, though receipts are moderate.
New Alfalfa sold at $5 %* ton. Wheat Is quot
able at SB@il 1 60 ~? ton; Oat, *7«&9 >* ton: Wheat
and Oat. *H«<t 11 • Barley, S7(sß 60: Alfalfa. S7ia't:
] Clover. f6@7 50; Compressed Oat, C 6 50i$8; Com
pressed Wheat, $~(&U) 50; Stock, f6657 ft ton.
BTKAW— > bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Prices show little change. The market
is quiet. Bayos quotable at 90c@$l %* ctl; Small
Whites, $1 25@1 40 \\ ctl; Pea, SI 26(^1 45
V Ctl; _arge Whites. SlOl 15 "a Ctl: Pink,
90c@91: Keds. #1 25; Hlaciteye. SI 40CH1 65:
Red Kidney. SI So@l 65; Lima* S'2 60 .- y 'J 76;
, Butters, SI 40@l 60 tor small and SI 25&1 60 for
1 large.
\ SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 60
@2 25 ~? ctl; Trieste. S2WI 50 ft ctl; Yel
low Mustard, SI 40® 1 50; Flax, SI Ttl 0,l 80: Ca
nary, 2«ic V _; Alfalfa, 7%@9%c P &>'• Rape,
. 2%0 ft _; Hemp, 3%c > &>.
DRIED PEAS— SI 25^1 40 ft cU for NHes and
SI 25(^1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes in sacks are quotable
at 9Dc@sl 25; new Early Rose In boxes from the
I River. SlsU(§l-75; new Garnet Chiles. SI 15@
I 1 25: River Burbanks, 50^.5&c; Oregon Burbanks.
■ 60@80c V oil: Early Rose, 6O(s*oc: !•■ ■tui-.m» and
I Tomales, 65(565c >* ctl; Hnmooldt Burbanks, 60($
1 70c %( ctL . • .
' ONlONS— Steady at 60@65d "t* ctl.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 633 boxes As
! paragus, 334 boxes Rhubarb and 437 sacks Peas.
The market shows no material change.
Alameda Summer Squash, Me ft _ ; Los Angeles
I Summer Squash, 81 25(<-il 50 "ft box; Egg Plant, I.Vt.
lbc ft Ib: Los Angeles Tomatoes, 2@2 75 %< bx: Cu
| cumbers, 60c@81 t* dor: Asparagus, Sl<§>2 V bx for
I ordinary and «2 25@2 60 for extra: Rhubarb, l>oc(ai
SI 25; Dried Peppers. 7@9c: Green Peppers. 20c V
' tb: Green Peas, 76c^Sl ft sack for common and 'Ma.
2%c ti ft for Garden ; String Beans, 6>(dloc "ft lb for I
1 Los Angeles and Kite 12 Vie V lb for Winters; Horse
Beans, 60(&7&c "ft sack: Dried Okra. 12% c; Cab
b«ee, 45@50c rt ctl; Garlic 4%®5c «4 _.
KUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Quotations have been uniform for
several weeks.
Crkam kk v — Fancy, 14c; seconds. 13@13%c
-ft m.
Dairy— Fancy. 13-:: good to choice, 12@12%c;
lower grades, ll(ijll%c.
CHEESE— Weak. J-anor mild new. 7c: common
to good. 6@ti%c; Cream Cheddar. 10($llc; Young
America. B®Uc ft &>; Western, lO^llc; Eastern,
12@13%C.
EGGS— No change whatever. Oregon Eggs, lie
$ doz; Eastern Eggs, ll@l)%c; store Eggs, Ufa)
12c: ranch Eggs, I2@l3\ a c; Duck Eggs, 14&15 c
ft doe.
POL'LTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY — Nominal and /Unchanged. Live
Turkeys are quotable at lSfaUSc $ _ for
Gobblers, 12@14c for Hens: Geese, ft pair. Sl@ |
1 26: Goslings, SI 25@1 BO; Ducks, S3 60@4 60
for old and $4(i«B 'jt doz for young: Hens, S3 50(<*J
4 60; Roosters, young, $8rs>10: do, old, $4ig»4 60:
Fryers, *6@7; Broilers. 84(5(i> 50 for large and 82<a3 i
for small; Pigeons. Si 2<%l 60 for young and old.
GAME— Hare, 60@>75c: Rabbits, 75c tor Cotton
tails and 50&75 C%i aoz for smalt.
IjECIDUOU- AND CITKUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
1584 boxes, selling at 40@75c for White and Red
and 76c@Sl > box for Black.
BERRIES-Receipts of Strawberries were 3PO
chests, selling at S7@lo ft cheat for Longwortbs
and $4@7 for large berries.
Gooseberries. 20@25c %* drawer and 1%@2%c -^
tb In sacks for small and 30(g>35c ft drawer and 2%
@3c lb in bulk for large.
Raspberries, 7&c@sl ft drawer; Newcastle R»sp
berrlec, ft crate. •-
No Blackberries from Southern California.
■ Currants. 65@750 %* box. They are nearer.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. 81 25881 7B for
Seedlings, f B@4 for Navels, SI 60@2 50 for Malta
Bloods and SI Ao@2 60 for Mediterranean sweets;
Lemons, 75cig#l 25 for common and SI 60@.> 60
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, 85 60@6:
California. Limes, Sit Bananas, fl@2 'ft bunch;
Pineapples, *3<#6 it dozen. :
DRIED FRUITS; RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
At present rate of progress the market will b*
entirely bare when the new crop comes forward.
DRIED FRUITH-The following prices role on
tbe Fruit Exchange: . .
Carload Lots— Apples, lVjts2c ft _ for auar
terea. -_c for sliced and 4(fli4V*c lor evaporated;
Peaches. 2Vi@4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots. 6W,i»
8c for prime to cbolce. 9c for fancy and 10@l lc ft
for fancy Moorpark* Figs, black. 2V»c for im
pressed: White tips. 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c %
lb for evaporated halves, 3%@6c "ft Ib for quarters-
Prunes, 3(a3i,4-: Plums, 3^c « „ for pitted and
l%fS2c for nnpltted: Nectarines, 3%_5c «4 _ for,
prime 10 choice and 6 1 L-c for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
? tb; sun-dried. Peaches. 2i/ 4 C and s&oc
forfsney; peeled In boxes. ll(_12%c; Prunes,
for four sizes. 6(SSVi|C fur 40(d)50's and 4V0f0,5c
for 50@60's: Apricots- »5%@9c for prime to choice
]o©llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, Si-oc-
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears. 8c "^ Ib for evapor
ated halves and 4@7%c for. quarters; Plums,
3Vs©4c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; Nec
tar nes. i(a.lic %* tb for prime to Choice.
RAISIN'S AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown,; loose, 3%c %* lb; 3-crown. loose, 2%c: 2
crown. 2c; seedless Sultanas. 3yv<s3»4c: needless
Muscatels, 2%@28/ic: three-crown London layers*
70e "r box: clusters, $1 36(ai 60: liehe^a clusters,
92 lo&'J 25; imperial clusters, 92 60(^2 75; Dried
Grapes, "§4 t_>
. Jobbino I'BicKfl— Four-crown - loose, 3%c; 3
crown, 23 4 (0.3e: 2-crown, 2V4@2V2C seedless Sul
tanas, 4c '** Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 758690 c: clusters, "51 50(ml 75:
Dehesa clusters, 82 50; Imperial clusters, *3 75;
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotab c at 9@llc 19 _
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c * lb for paper-shell, Job
bing lots; Almonds, 6@7%c ""» &> for Languedoc
and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5%"
@7c for Eastern and 41 2 @sy 3 c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 6(36c: Pecans, tic for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts. B(g.9c; Brazil Nuts. 9@loo "*»
_; Cocoanuts. $4 50(a;5 %> 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10®12c"f» Ib for
bright and B@9c "f» lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, D(ss%c $ rb; light amber ex
tracted, 4' 4 4 c: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2^3a
_EESWaX-26@27%c * _.
PKOVISIONS.
. CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c "fl _ for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c V lb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c fl „ for sugar-cured: Kastern Sugar
cured Hams. ll%c; California Hams. 10c V Iti:
Mess Beef, $7 50@s; extra mess do. 88 500.9; fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Pork. $8 &0(g,9; extra
clear, *1 4 '$ bbl: mess, 12 $ bbl: Smoked Beef,
10c "P _.
IjAßD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6*4 cf, lb
for compound and 63/ic for pure: pails, 7%c: Call
lornla tierces, sV*c lor compound and bi,ic for
pure: half-bbls, 6i/4<&6%c; 10- tins, 714 c; do 6-tt>,
78ic %> rb.
OTTOLENE— «V*c@6Vi in tierces and 7@73'
x* _ In 10-1 L tlus. .
IJIOES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKIN'S — neavy salted steers
are quotable at "c j! rb; culls and brands, 6c V
&>; medium. 6c "^ lb; culls and brands, sc; light,
6c: culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, s(<usi~jC « _:
culls and brands, 4@4%c; salted Kip. 5c "ft tb;
salted Calf 7c: *_teU veal. 6c; dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, he "£ IN : dry Kip and Veal,
B@9c; emis. 7o: dry Calf, 16c; cull», 10c; Goat-
I Bkins. 'JOfolSSc each: Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
I summer, SOc; medium, 15i$25c; winter, 10@15c;
I Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(a.15c each; short wool,
lO(a,Ssc each: medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
60c each. Culls of all kinds about "Ac leas.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3Vi@3%c; No. 2,
3c: rffined. 6%@5*4c; Grease. 2V 2 c "? Ib.
WOOL— We quote Spring Neevaaa. 6@9c fl lb:
San Joaqum and southern Coast, six months, 4(<j)6c;
San Joaquln, foothill, good to choice, "itgtfic; San
Joaquln, year's tlaece. 4 1 - 2 1 /2C; northern free, 7
@9c; do, defective, 6@6%c 1* lb.
HOP?— Nominally T%ai3c t? _.
GKNKKAL BIEHCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcntta Grain Bags, spot, S4 15@4 20;
June-July delivery, S4 35; San Quentln, #4 10;
Wool Bags, 24iV526i'j,c
COA_— Wellington, $8 fl ton: New Wellington,
S8 %4 ton: Soutnfield Wellington. S7 50 9 ton;
Seattle. »5(*5 60; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend. *6 60; Scotch, *7 50: Rrymbb.-*7 60;
Cumberland. 413 50 In bulk and 815 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11; Cannel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
$7 60; Coke, if 10 50 In bulk and $12 60 ton in
sacks. ■ ■
BUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6>,ic: Dry Granulated, 5." M c;
Confectloneis' A, 6%c; Magnolia A. 6c: Extra
C, 4%c; Golden C, 4» 4 c: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
BYKUP— Golden, In bb_, 16c; Black Strap. 10c
6*l.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKEF— First quality, "K35i,4c; second do, 4%@
4*IC; third do, 3V B @4c %*lb.
VEAL— Large, &'o,tjc; small, 6<§7c "£» lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6fcs%c; Ewes. 4%@5c
LAMB— Spring I_mb. 6^6%c ■& _,
I*ORK— Live Hogs, 3\fe(s3i4c t« n. or large and
"»4fa,3-V«c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
14.1 1 10 v Ib. .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
. j-ob 24 hocks.
Floor, or. 17.190 Bay. tons.. ......_ BO
Oregon 3,B4o;Butter. ells 301
beau cUs 1 cheese, ctls. 91
Barley, ct15. ....... 10,776' Kggs. do» 12,060
Oats. ctls. 2i2.Hides.no _ 188
0reg0n...... 765 Pelts. Odls. „.,..... 15
Beans, ska, 326 Wool, bis 214
Potatoes. *__..... 693 Wine, gals 71,700
Oregon 744 Lime, bbls HI
Onions, sks 6o3| Leather, r0115. ..... ' 31
Bran. «t,.. 800 Quicksilver, tlaslcs 60
Oregon fi»l! Lumber. M feel... " 5U
Middlings, 5k5..... 315 Chicory, bbls 60
Oregon .'... 72
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market was steadier yes'erdsy. 'i be best
prices were below those of a Friday as a rule, but
there was less weakness. Business was not very
active, though sales in Chollar and Potosi were
fair.
Trading was fair on the Bond Kxchange and
lliitchinsnn Plantation sold up to $27.
The Humestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay a monthly dividend of $1 per
Nhare on the stb.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 30 cents per share on June 5.
The directors of the Hale A Norcross, Chollar,
Potosi and Savage mines have decided to dissolve
the combination kDOwn as the Bruns-vick Kx
pi"ration Company, and go into other agreements,
wh'<-h attorneys are now drawing up. The Inten
tion is for tbe Hale A Norcross. Savage, Chollar
nnd Potosi companies to Nhare the expense of
maintaining shaft 1 on the Brunswick lode, while
shaft 2 wiil be malntainei by the Consolidated
California A Virginia. Best A Belcher and QooM
A Curry companies. The would A Curry and Nav
a*e \viil wane through the tunnel. Kach mine,
however, will be under the Immediate direction of
it-tnvn Huperintendent.
Ill" Me\i<an assessment falls delinquent in
board to-morrow.
Bulwer has received a go!d-bar shipment valued
at $9100, and has $HUOO rash on bund. The com
pany owns nearly 50,000 shares of the capital
stock of the Summit Mining Company, and on Fri
day the Control of the summit was transferred to
tin- Bulwer.
The weekly report from the Con. CaL A Va. Is
as follows: 1650 level — Are timbering, making
repairs and easinc limber* in smith drift on ninth
floor first floor above Hill floor on this level.
1700 level — From fourteenth to twenty-first floor
at north end of slopes in old ground of former
workings have extracted during week 162 tons of
ore, averxge assay valu3 of which, per sample
taken from cars in mine, was $69 88 per ton.
From tbe north end of the stope, 011 the nine
tatinitl and twentieth floors, on east side of old
stope timbers, there Is ?Vi ', p <" in width of ore,
assaying from *60 to $60. From upraise carried
up from northwest drift «rom main drift from C. A
C. shaft (60 feet from sill -floor of this level) a
west crosscut has been advanced 60 feel through
porphyry and quarts formation, assaylug from $2
to $7 per ton.
itiOO level— No work has been done on this
level during the week.
1000 level— West crosscut 2. started at a point
In drift SKO feet north from Con. Va. shaft station,
him l.ecu advanced. 23 feet, total length 312 feet,
passing through poryphry and clay seams and
some quartz, assaying 60c and $1 per ton.
Total extraction of ore for week amounted to 162
ions, average assay values of which, per samples
taken from curs when raised tosurfuce, was $62 44
P'_r ton.
Followiinr Are the Highest Prlcea Daring
the Past Week.
Stock. Mod. lues. Wed. Thr». frU t Bat.
Alpha.. 30 23 ii5 25 23 .23
AlU _.. -18 11 " 11 OS 07
Andes 60 45 48 i« S9 37
Belcher H6 78 80 75 69! «5
Best & ltelcber.. 1.76 1.70 1 BO 1.7() I.45 1.40
Bodie 1.10 76 75 77 71 69
Bullion 40 34 37 ' 32 28 27
Bnlwer 48 41 46 41 38 3(»
Caledonia 18 14 J4 • 14 10! 10
Challenge 6') 60 65 &3 46! 46
(hollar .... 3.10 2.80 3.00 2.70 2.4t> 2.36
ton. Cat. A Va.. 8.46 3.30 3.40 3.1S v.85 2.HO
Confidence 1.50 1.40 1.60 1.60 1.30 1.30
Crown Point.... 81 70 bS! 72 70 70
Gould A Curry. 1.80 1.60 V.26 1.90 1.65 1.65
Hale Norcrciu 2.10 'i.-ltt 2.60 2.50 w.3a 2.40
Mexican .1.10 1.00 1.10 9* 86 80
Mono 16 15 IS....
Ophir 2.40 2.20 2.25 2.15 1.80 1.75
Overman 27 23 25 18 15 14
Occidental 1.90 1.96 1.95 1.85 1.50 1.60
Totosl 1.60 1.45 1.56 i.35 1.25 120
Savage 1.60 1.41! 1.65 1.65 1.40 1.45
Beg. JBolcher. ... «7 21 26 iO 18 17
Sierra Nevada.. 1.3* 1.5 1.30 1.V0 1.06 105
Union.'. 1.20 1.10 1.16 ].io 86 92
Utah 30 22 25 19 18 is
Yellow Jacket.. 73 67 75 73 64 56
liOAiil' >A_KS. .
Folloirlnir were th» -« «■ t!ie Baa rrmneltw
Blocic ßoard r«terday. ..
»T-<M-I.AR MORJCII-a SESSION rt\MVltniClH<* 9:11).
60 Alpha. 28(800 Ch011ar.2.25 560 Occldtl. 150
200 .22 400..... 2.20300 Ophir... 1.75
600 .21 450 2.l6'3ooOvrmn 14
800 Alta 07 600 C 1mp... . 02 1050 Potosl.l.lo
660 8e1cner...66 60 C0nn... .1.25 100 l 05
BJO 64 100 ISO 560 ..' 1 IS
200 BAB.. 1.30|600 Crwn Pt. .66 .50 .. ' 120
200 .1.401600 651300 Savaeel'3s
150 1.25 200 081400 Segß 16
60 Bodle 6J»1000O*C.1.60!H00a Nev ' 9H
200 67 60 . ..-...-.. i.60a50 ...... " r ilO
1800 Bullion.. 23 350 HAN... 2.35200 Union* 91
100 Bulwer...3H i OO Julia :18 200 ... "" 90
800 85500 K.-ntuck..O6 Utah" 17
100 Caleda.... 10350 Mcx Xo'BOli V JckT76s
400 Cballtiß... 79400 "54
b&0 CU<tV...2.70 1 400 78 .";*".""" *
following were me sales in tha Pad fla dtooc
ioard j esterdav : .- ,-r-- •■■;;- .-; ■■
KBori.AK «fjwiox— 10:! M.
200 Alpha 23,200 Chollar.2.lo 700 0ph!r....1.70
2<X)...: 21 250 2.1*1 400 1.72H
100 22100 i 2 P0:0n.3.1a
600 Alta. 081700 2.20 250 1.17^
100 Ande5. ...35 400 *.*b HO 1.12^2
200 37 100 2.221 2 -60 Sava«e..l.3O
1100 Belcher..6s 350 2.35 250 1.32 Vs
100 66100 2.3-I^soo 1.30
200 64 1000 ExChqr..o« 2050 IS.' 8
100 8«8.1.27Va300 O A 1.45 1450 1.40
260 1.30700 1.56 700 1.45
130 1.35 100 1.60 1000 B Nev.l.oo
100 1S/ B 'looo 1.50300 1.05
200 Bullion... 24 200 I.si!Va 100 99
100 -'3 600 HAN.. .2.30,100 1.021 2
200 hu1wer....35 160 2.251J00 Hi 11... .0*
100 Cha11ge.. .43 100 ,*...2.40 200 Unlou C..91
100 .48600 Julia IMOO ....~ 95
100 CCAV.. 2.70 Justice.. ..l 2 100 ~ 90
400 :. ........ 2.85 200 Kentuck.,l,6 550 Utah 17
100 2.76 85U Mexcan.. Bo 400 18
100.... 2.80 500 0cc1d.... 1.60 500 YJac_et..s9
100 C0nn... .1.30 100 : 1.47^'10J 57
200CrwnPt...66i00 1.52^ jOO 56
800 100 0vrmn....15j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, May 23-12 _.
BiA.A*k,,i\ J3tit.AHc*d.
-!pb» C0n..... 21 23;jsckson 40 —
Alia „.... 07 08Julin. 17 19
Andes _ 36 -37 Justice 12 14
Belcher 64 66 KentucK. ...... 06 08
-estAßelaaee.l.3s 1.40 Latiy Wash 05 —
Hodle 67 Mexicau _ 78 79
BentonCon.... — 3UMono „■ — 10
Bullion _ 25 27 Nevada — 05
Bnlwer _ 34 — (Occidental 1.60 1.55
Caledonia... 09 lOOphir 1.70 1.75
Chollar .;;.-..... 3.85 2.30 Overman ....„ 13 15
Con. CaLAVa. 2.BO 2,85 Potosi _1.16 1.20
Challenge Con. 43 45 havrge 1.40 1.4.">
Coo. Imperial. 02 03 beg. Belcher... 16 17
Confidence..... 1.25 — (Scorpion 07 —
Con.New Yore 14 —Syndicate 04 05
Crown Point... 69 71 Silver Hill 04 05
KMtbierrs>»» — S-lerra Nev%a^ 1.00 1.05
Exchequer. 07 09' Union Coa 90 91
UoulU_ Curry- 1.55 1.6U Utah 18 19
Aorcrs.2.3o 2.4oi Yellow JaciWi. 66 58
; GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
200 Amalle 2^)o Providence. . "-]> ;
300 205 Asked 8000
Champion 100 Savannah 41
Asked 2800200 40
50 Kdna 50 .100 39
100 Hrant..... 131200 „ 38
Kennedy 300 37
Bid 00 20<>Sebastopol...... 60
Keystone. 800 „ 49
Bid 65 00 Thorpe
600 Lockwood Con.. SSAsked 69
100 .; 84
LOCAL SKCCBITIB*.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron Works 95
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water 7 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY 1 , May 23 10:30 a. m.
MT. l> «T*t_ HIINUJ.
£iit. AUced. BiiL Asktl.
rß4sconp..lUH7' 8 - B4s re»...109T% -
Do, new 15... 117 — |
_INCKM.tVXai" -I\'fll.
Cai-«tCbiess. — 113 !Da 24 6«. — —
Cal L 6s. — 123V2 1" AO Ry 61. 105 1 20
CntraCW6s. 96% 98 PAChRv6i. — 107
. Dpnt-st «x-cp 77 85 Pwl-st.RR6i. — 116"A
£dsn_AP6s. — 122% Reno. WLAti — 105
F«CHRRas.IO4Uj — RiverW Cod* — '100
Ciearv-stR5». 102 < 4 105 MictoP AL . - 10214
LpeAngL6i. - 103 £FANPRRSsIOIViiIO2V4
Do.Gnted.6s. - 103 HI! Arias - 98
Mkt-stCble6il23 - bPRKCaISs.. lOSViUI
DoUyConss..losy lo6 SPHKCalfts- — —
NevCNjß7s. 95 105 ti'BrUCalSs. 99 101
N PCRRBI - 108 bVWaterts.. 119 191/3
NRvCal«j.lO2 105 faVWater4s_ 981% 99 "
NRyCalds. — 100 StkintiAEß- — 101
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104 SunstTATe_loo —
Do, l!d las iO 4 106 fcutler-stßs_lo7Vl —
Omnibuses.. 1193' B *- vuuUlaWCo* — 9J
i-acKollMo-, - _ I
-VATKH BTOCK-.
Contra CoeU SBV% 40 ißan Jose 75 100
-aria C 0.... 60 - |6pringValle/ 98 V* —
• ■«• WIICKi
C»Plt*J — 88 Pacific Light. 463 4 —
Central... ... 95 — taniranosco 91^i 92i,i
Oak GLA a. 62 Vi 62% biockton. .... -* «£
ractiasimik 66 — \ ™
I.vaUBANCK «»Tr>CK».
FlremansFd.l6s - |Sun 41 _ .
rOMURBCtAt. BANK STO"K».
Amerß&TU — — London?* A. 128 129
/.nglo-Cal... 5134 — ! LoudonAHF. _ 27"A
ilankofCaL. — .242% Mercb Kx_.. 12 —
CaISDATCa. s!<i^ 56 Nevada ... _ — r
FlrstNatlonLl7B ' 182 V bather _ Co- _ —
tirancen.... — — ,
. hank BT00K«i :
GerSALCo..I4IS 15C0 BavALoaa.. _ 100
HnrabSAL.lloo 145U Security — 260
Mutual —• ; 40 Union Tnut.74o —
It> aavL'uion — 485 |
■TKKBT XAUjKOAD (-TOCK-.
California.... — 110 Oak.RLAHa/ — 100
Ue— ry-st — ' 62 Presidio...-. 6 7V«
Market-st... 44"; i Sutter-5u..... - —
lv/» i-..»t STOCK*.
Atlantic D... 10% — Judson.....^- — —
Eastern D... — 87 • (ilanu 23*54 _
California.... 75 100 Vigwit....._ 75c 95c
KIvCHLUNtrti-, « T^i;,.
AlMlcaPkn. 963^100 iOceanleS9Co 20 24
BlkDCoalC_ - JO PacAnxFA.. 1 _
CalCotMills.. — — |Pac Borax.- 93 100
CalDrrDocfc. — — FacIANUo. — 30
__sonLlgl_,ll63;i]7% PacRoUMIU - —
UasConAun. — — Parfl'aintOx 6Vfc 7U,
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTransOo. — «4
UawCASCa. 20% 21 Pac T A TOO 65 70
HuichSPCo.. 'J6*/8 27 tiunsetTAC. 41 —
jDdaouMfgC — — UnltedOOu.. — 25
_er_xAssalOO 110 |
SAI.IW- MllBNIN" J •BSSIOX.
Board—
200 Giant Powder Con 22 50
10 do do 22 621 A
.S6O do do 23 00
100 do do 23 12%
12 do do M 76
60 Hawaiian Commercial 20 50
10 Pacific Lighting «7 00
35 X F Uasllght 9a 00
100 Hutchlnson S P Co. 26 75
125 do do 26 87%
75 do do,b3 27 00
270 do do .' 27 00
25 do d0,b5... 27 00
Street— -
50 Market-st Railway 45 00
25 Oakland Gas 52 75
30 SV Water 99 00
• — ♦ — »
OCEAN STEAMERS.
rtMtes of I)ep»rtnre From San Francisco.
STKAMKK JIIKWTIXATIOV. | HAILM. | PIKR.
FaralloQ.... I \ aautna Bar.. .Mny24, 9am 1'ier 2
Wall* Wall* Vic * Vet 8no May -.'•;. Bam Pier 9
Del ftorte .. Urays Haroor M«r25. 6pm
Corona San Diego May26,l 1a m . Plir 11
I'omoua..... i HurnDoi.ulSnv Mnyi!.S. 'iru Pier »
eeott j Kel hiver i May 27. »»« Pier
Hnnol Grays Harbor. May'27,12 v Pier a
Enr»it« .... Newoor; May27. 9am i Pier 11
Araoo |i'oo» iinr .May'JT.lOAW Her 13
Columbia... Portland Muv'JH.IOam Pier 2*
City Sydney Panama....... Mu'vJs.i'j m I'MSS
Monowai... Sydney Maj-aS. 2pm Oceanic
Holeic China* Japan Mh.VJM, 8pm Miss
ttuiiiiuu >in Uieio May29.1lAM Pier 11
Omatllla.... VicAi'et Smi i M.iy'jy. 9am Pier .<
Empire Oregon ports.. May 31. brv. I'ier 13
«t PauL..... NewDort MaySl. 9au Pier 11
Orizaba. Mexico Jne 1,10am Pier 11
Btauof Cai Portland |Jne 2.10am Pier 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE,
aTEAMKR I ■ - From | ddk
Weeott. I Eel Jtlvor I.. May 24
Pomona. ilumboidc liar. ...May 24
Colombia Portlana. ..May 25
L'malilla I Victoria* Puirec Houna ..May '-'5
him- it a _.. Newport May 35
Hanoi Grays Mar Dor May a 8
(Jiiv of Kvereti Nanalmo .May 25
Truckee Tillamook.. May 26
Araro COM Bay May 26
Washtenaw Taooma May
Progressist Departure Bay May 28
Orizaba ' Mexico May 26
Mexico Seattle .....; May 28
drone i Crescent City May 26
Pirw Kosa. «an tfieco. May i!"
Mackinaw ...... "luroma May 38
San Bias j Panama May 28
Kmplre Portland May 28
St Paul Newport. May 29
Acapulco , Panama May 29
City or Pueoia.. I Victoria « Pugot soutu .May no
KiatootCal Portland '. . May SO
Farallon Yamuna Bay ..May 31
Crescent City. .. crescent City. Slav SI
Corona fan Uipsto... ...... .« ..Jne . 1
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. P. COABT AND UKOnKTIO SURVEY TtDK>
r.n.I.KTIN Published BY OFFICIAL >
AriHORITY or TBI SCPKBINTJeNDE-TT. )
~ Sunday May 24,
Sun rises 4.521 Moon rises......
Hun sets Moon 5et5....... 2.44 am
Mhv-1896.
'24 .S.89 -O.ttllO.3O, 4.3 3.17 iT(P9.27i 6.9
2B 481-1.1 H.BSI 1.4 4.01 S.O SlO.OSj 6.U
•J« 5.18 -1.6 12.31! 4.4 4.48 2.9 10.60 ! 6.1
•27 6.071-1. * 130 4.5. S.«5 3.1 11.33 5.9
28 6.64—1.: 2.2j 4 4 6.3H 3.2 1
H W Keet L W Feet H W Feet I L W Feet
29 0.17 6.7 7.41 —1.8 ».21 4.6i 7.24 3.3
30 1.04 6.4 8.27-1.2 4.13 4.6 8.31 Hit
-»OTK— In the above exposition, of the tides the
■ar;y morning tides art* given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are but three tides,- as sometimes
occurs. .The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United Htates * Coast . Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlvr
from ihpr|»n">. f'vonhv ■ he char's
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
RANCH HYDROBBAPHIC OFFICE. U. S. X •»
Merchants' Excn*vo«. V
&A» Francisco. May 23. 1890. )
The time ball on Telegrapa lull was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— «., at noon of the 120tb
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. v.. Greenwich ttma.
A. F. Frciitklich,
Lleutenaa; U. 8. N, la ciiarse.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
___^^__ May, 1896.
I^Tgrg:'^ l£>: Ha. Moon-.Phas^f
• ' 12 ! '
I i " i 'j^Laat Quarter.
jl.iZZZjl-'*! Mar4 '
17 18 | 19 20 21 22* 23 | /-ftKirst Quarter!
I i 1 ' |V^/ May 19.
24 25 26 j 27 28 , 26 j 30 i ~ 1
— I • ; 1 ', ,CA Full Moon.
1 31 I I ; \iJ ■ May 26.)
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived. >; r '
SATURDAY. May 23.
U S stmr Geaney, Osborne. from cruise. Nau^a
llto direct. •
Stmr Del Xorte. StOCkfletb, 68 hours from Grays
Ilaroor; 330 M ft lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co.
Stmr Corona. Hull, eoi.a hours from San Dtejro
and way ports: pass ana mdse, to Uoodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Caspar, Anflndsen. 40 hours from Hn»n
--™«: 250. sks barley, to a Dutard: sjUl sks bar
ley, to J C Bauer „ Co; 74 tons railroad iron, to
Albion Lumber Co.
stmr Protection, Ellefsen. 47 hours from Re
dotido: 1075 railroad ties, to J S Klmball.
- Schr Five Erothers. Kaamussen, 28 hoars from
Phelps Landing; posts, to James Johnson. Up
river direct. -- . • .
Schr Christina Steffens, NordHng. 48 hours from
Fiskn Mill: 7S cd^ wood, to X A Gllbride * Co.
sotir Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 16 hours from
Stewarts Point; 100 cords bark, to Uigglns& Col
lins.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel. 20 hours from Bihlers
Point : S.VcdS wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr \V B Phelps. Farrell, 48 hours from Mendo
dno; Mft lumber. Up river direct.
Cleared.
SATURDAY, May 23.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend : Goodall. Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Australia, lloudlette, Honolulu: J D
.spreckels it Bros Co. ;
Bhlp Klwell, Ryder, Nanalmo: John Rosenfeld's
Sons.
Haw ship Roderick Dhu, Rock, Ililo: J D Spreck- 1
els <c Bros Co.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu: Williams,
Dlmond _ Co.
Sailed.
SATUKDAY, May 23.
Stmr St Paul. Gr^en, San Pedro.
stmr Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu.
stmr State of California. Aeklev, Astoria.
Stmr Progreso. Storrs, Seattle.
Haw ship Roderick Dhu. Rock. H ll o.
Br ship Cralxend, Ldvthwaiie. Queenstown.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowena Landing-
CliHrtero.
Tne ship Klwell loads coal at Nanalmo for this
port.
Telegraphic.
point J.rmo.s. May 23-10 p. lc-Weathar j
Clear; windNW: velocity 21) miles.
Spoken.
April 18— Lat 3N. long 29 W. ship A G Ropes, ]
from New York, for San Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 22— Ger ship Vasco !
de Oaraa. from Orecon.
• DOVER— Passed May 21— Br ship Amazon, frm
London, for San Diego.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 19— Br stmr Gaelic,
hence Apr 25.
Sailed May 21— Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, for
San Francisco, via Honolulu.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 22— Br ship j
Rouienburu. hence Jan 6, and sailed for Dublin.
sailed May 22— bark Marie iUckfeld, for
Hull.
SWANSEA— SaiIed May 21— Br barb Colombo,
for Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 22— Stmr Peru, for '
San Francisco.
Arrived May 21— Stmr City of Peking, hence
May S.
PANAMA— SaiIed May 20— Stmr Acapulco, for
San Francisco. .
NANAIMO— Sailed May 23— Bark Gen Fair
child, for San Francisco.
• VLA-IVOSTOCK — Arrived May 22— Bktn '
Arago. hence Apr 13.
Importations.
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del None— ft 7 sks saw
dust, 2110 pitt,* shooks, 3 pkgsmdse, 299 M ft
lumber.
KAN DIEGO— Per Corona— 2 sks potatoes. 163
pkgs mdse, 5 bxs oranges. 1 cs thread, 2 hf-bbbis
porter. 360 bxs lemons, 2 cs agateware, 11 bdls
dry fish, 71 pcs curbing, 5 bxs bells.
Newport— 29 sks sorghum seed, 114 bzs oranges,
8 bxH lemons. 4 pkgs mdse.
Los Angeles via Redondo— lo bxs M flour, 8
pkgsmdse. .
Redondo— 4 pk«s mdse, 99 bxs lemons, % bbl
salmon, 14 mill rolls, 30 bxs orange*.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 4B pkgs mdse,
6 dxs t matoes. 1 cs cigars. 1 cs tobacco. 20 W
closets, 1 cs canned goods, 4 pcs steel, as bxs
oranges.
Port Los Angeles— 39 pkgs mdse. 11 bxs toma
toes. 15 bxs squasb, 3 bxs peppers, 1 cs eg* plant,
0 pkgs wagons, 300 bxs oranges.
Santa Barbara— B4 pkgs mdse, 2 bxs prunes, 84
bxs lemons, 14 ska wool. -10 cs eggs, 1 bx butter, 4
bxs oranges. 15 pkes buggies.
Port liarfor! — 47V» sks wool, 116 pkrs mdse. 73
bxs batter, 62 en eges. 1 bx dried fruit. 2 p>cgs cast
ings. Bcs cheese, 67 bxs fish, 1 cs bacon. 1 coop
poultry, 5 coops chickens, 325 sks beans. 3<oo sks |
bituminous rock, 4288 sks barley, 1 cs wine, 13
dressed calves.
. . Confticnees.
Per Del None— X Wood Lumber Co; Weston
Basket Co: J c Sales. . sr
Per Corona— Perkins <fc Co; Lewis Pack- i
lux Co; San Francisco Brewing Co: H Connelly: C !
J Fox: DE Allison A Co: Coats Thread Co: Son !
Bros; Cunningham, Curtlss— Welch: General T T i
Crittenden: Wleland Brewing Co: Wetmore Bros : ;
H O Greenhood; Holbrook, Merrill * Stetsoi; "' I
Sima" : Allison, Neff _ Co: Goldberg, Bowen & Co:
Dunham, Carrlgan A- Co: Kalm Bros; Klein it Co:
LScatena_Co: Hooker * Co; Lev! Spiezel & Co:
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co: WE Jackson: L j
H Carey: Gray _ Barbieri; Miller, Sloss _ Scott ; ]
Nash _ Boes»necker; Wolf* son; Plerje_Co: |
J Ivancovlch _i:o: Sunset Telegraph and Tele- |
phone Co; Cox Seed and Plant Co; D Blagi Co: j
Kowalsky * Co; Brigham, Hoppe * Co: Herman 1
Cohen: H H Jiogan ; Pacific Ammonia and Chemi- I
cal Works; Garcia & Magglnl: Jos Wagner Co; ■
A J B Immel <t Co: Amer Press Assn: G H Jack- ,
son: Haas Bros: Boltz, Clymen „ Co: Newton <£ I
Co: W W Montague & Co: J C Barcow: Wm Cline: j
1) Chambers; Kohler & Frohllng; Jesse M Levl ;
Co: Gisen. Bernard _ Co: Campodonlco_ Malcolm: :
TUlmann A Bendel; Crown Distillery CO: aJ
Immel A Co: Del Monte Milling Co: Khrmati &
Co; W AHchrock; Thos Dennigan A Sons; Colum- '
bus Buggy Co: L G i*resovich Co: S J Fripa
lander * Co; Daiton Bros; Allen * Lewis: Buffalo i
Brewery: Dodge, Sweeney <£ Co; Sinshelmerßros: :
Russ, Sanders & Co; C X Whitney A Co; Halm A I
Waltham: Jonas Krlanger & Co: Hills Bros; Good- :
year Rubber Co: Norton, Teller A Uo; Wm scholz;
M T Freitas A Co; II N Tllden A Co: Reiliv, Wal
ton A Co; Wh*aton, Breon A Co: Chicaso Brewery; '
F li Uaieht: Marshall, Teggart A Co; 8 Levy A Co:
Dod?e. Sweeney A Co: HHeckmanACo: Charles
Jacobson A Co; Wltzel A Baker; W C Price A Co; ;
li ilnier. Brednon* A Schult; San Francisco Fish '
Co; L D Stone A Co; San Francisco Meat Co; JII
Cain A Co; J Hoffman; Enterprise Brewery: Pac !
Coast Fish Co: G Camlllonl ACo: American Union j
Fish Co; Labor Exchange: »an Luis Bituminous
Rock Co: 8 Silverberg; A Klaua.
J-'or Late Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth Page. ,
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELJCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main FS2S !
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo- !
tat lons.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. (TRW YORK.
1 ~
; OCEATt STEAMSHIPS.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, |1 «"
AUSTRALIA. \/s.S. AUSTRALIA. ;
S. S. MuNOWAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND forSVDNEY, Thursday, May 28,
At 12 p. Ma
LInetoCOOLOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
South Afr ci.
8. B. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, Jane 1 6, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
J. D. ECKELS _ BROS. CO., Agts..
Freight Office. 327 Market 114 Montgomery sC :
Freight Office. 327 Markot St., San Francisco.
IWAGJIE GESERAL TRASSATLASTIQUE
1 French Lin- to TJtivt°>.
pOMPAXY's PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH xv*«t
V ' River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by i_Kv*J
this line avoid both transit oy English railway auj
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via I'-iru,
first-class $! 00: second-class. 18.
I A TOUR A INK. Capt. Santelll.. ..May 2\ 8 a. v.
LA NORMANDIE May 'EL 8 a vl
LA OABCOONE Jo c _'(». 7 a' *.
LA .NUf. ■ Xi'l, July 4. 6a. m.
LA OAfrOOONK July '2s. 11 a. v.
I.A NOUMAN-DIP.. August 1, 3aT m. ;
I.A ROURnonxE. rapt. Leb^nr . Tune 6, 7 a _ i
49* For further particulars apply to
„ , „ A.FORufcr. Atrent.
r r. t-T-nivJ * t- t, in a "«n. N»w York.
a/enue.^Frtnc*^ 0 - Ageut * »_>»•««<»-«»
ROYAL lUIL STEAM_PAC_ET COMPAJI.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIITWALL _Mt»
fortnightly - for the West Indies and <*S_SSi
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourch,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with tt»
Pacific Mall 8. 8. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
DC to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from Ban Francisco to Plymouth,
Obexboarj, Southampton. . First class, 9195: thirl
■M 997 M. Far further particulars apply 10
■•;:;;; VABROTT A CO., Agent*
; • i : .- ■ - . ■ . 308 California at.
rALLEJO, MARE ISliilfD;*_EflClA, POST
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STB. MONTICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sundav— lo:3o _ M.
and 4 r. ml ; Saturday, 10:30 a. _ S:3O f. Mi
.. • ■ Sunday— B P. _. . ,
•*»._. only.
' landing, Mission 1, FUr *•
HnMO'SAT.'
stlKment
...OF THE....
CONDITION AND AFFAIR* *. ,
....OF THE ... M
COMMERCIAL TON
. mum (OHP.WJ, LIMITED,
/~f||*fl*CpON, i:\l.ir\lv O~^Bfibei^T PAY
VJ wUknYber, A. D. Ijfffttj' ' ?■ i^Byfflfr r ending
on thlrKax. as ma(ie > 6£'-SB^|Bn|opßlH)mniis-
s!oi»BlW'ia i'u/^B l):lnt ' to tDe
lirovi HHß^T Sections 6ilKPpMßß|tt*>rolitical
111 '.e.^Pfitensed as i>v:TiiAatHi& SlS^by the
Conim'.ssiaQer. a_B_&_B_^^ *
Amount oTcapl al sl< ck liafSHHS* ■
ta<h....fc> CfflP* $1. 250,000 00
■■
Real estate o^^d by coinparSS7*.«S£.3o2.7sl 53
Loans on bond-. aftutjnortsßgeVTii. te 316.074 63 .
Cash market 1 jßQif*.f nil stockfgjjn
bonds ow!i..-d^^fcii'ariy....TW'. |M 8,317 90
Amount of loanVßKred by pledge ■^"■"» r
of bonds, Blocks tu:d\oiher marks*.- JL, jit
aule securities as collateral TV 206JTy 70
Cash In banks.: • "1,752,322 00
Interest due and accrued on all" '■ •*
stocks and loans »' 83S£8
Interest due and accrued on bonds'.' ■.
and mortgages __■ 3.81398
Premiums n lue course of collection f^L6,OOU 98
Bills receivable, not matured, taken • B >
for fire and marine risks 169,39121
Total assets, li c department 8,989,928 04
Sundry offices lor guarantees and re- "* .
insurance 0:1 losses already paid... 420.577 85
Rents and interest due 3.392 25
Stamps in lm;.d 2.370 20
Total assets... $20.653,543 45
LIABILITIES^ST
Losses adjnstea and unpaid _S3_U»'
Losses in process of adjustment ogar-'tieße .....^.j...
in suspense «»..WUV
Losses resisted, iiiolml* tit e\npnsfi|tof nffiUfc..!
Uross premiums on fire risks niii-^p _B_B
Dins; one year Or less (relnsur- Ml 3
ancc 50 per cent) ! ,Kl. , m "BH
Gross premiums on lire risks run- f 1 ' BJOl " uu ¥«2J3
nu g more lhaii one year (rein-j Jfl
sumcce pro raia) j _jM
(jross premiums on marine and in- ; _8S
land navigAiio.i ri.^ics (rtinsur- | -«^
arx-o 100 per cant) \- 950,000 OflN
i;ross Dreminms on marine i;ue! IJ_T
risks <r 'iii.iurunc«' 50 per cent 1. J m^
Liabilities uiilA" life df|iaameir 8,999,928 o<l
CH.sh dividends remaining unpaid... 2,114 79
All o her demands against the com-
pany 2,278,173 9B
Total liabilities. $14,631,616 79
ntCOHB.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums 5, 666,922 79
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 1,15050277
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 332.371.58
Received lor transfer fees. 235 «2
Total income of life department..... 1,240,733 04
Total Income 1.. 8.290.785 80
KXCKMIITIim
Net amount paid for tire losseiJSj. $3,295,514 52
Net amount paid for mariue ltitj?3Cl. 787,842 98
Dividends in stockholder* . . jffiJHpV-L 12.025 h7
I'm:.! or allowed lor.coinmissWHt Mfc '■»
brokerage 7 - 665 50
Paid for salaries, fees and Other)
dances tor olU?eMJO:rks, etc. .. X loaonooiu '
Paid tor Sta;e*::>a«ififu'»id local ' l- 2 «8.992 IS
taxes . . -tfIHMJr..
AH other" ? f>Pl^erits and expendl-
tures... : ._^_-8J?4.881 36
Total expenditures , ....^FT.31 6.422 .16
r- i : ; - . >»_*# _________
■ *\^jf * Fire. Marine.
Losses mc lrrr^^H^B^
the year...} »^»r:..*3,1 83,071 00 $788,833 00 .
KICKS' AND pkkmiums.
_ ______ ________
j FIRK RISKS. i PRKMIIVB.
Net amount of
risks written 1
during the year. $1 995,944,996 $7,266 473 72
Net amount of
risks expired
during the year.. 1,079,380,172 4,595,656 66
Net amount in
force December
31.1895 1 1.363,996,153 4,720,76013
" I MARINE RISKS. 1 PREMIUMS.
Net amount of
risks written
during the year.. $388,957,055 ,656,635 00
Net amount of
risks exp'red
during the year, i 383.735,105 1.637,775 00
Net amount in!
force December,'
31,1895 1 94,345,600 j 963.525 00
JOHN TROTTER, chairman.
H. Max.v, Secretary.
subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day
of April, 1896. G. F. Wakels, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH OFFICE,
301 California Street.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager.
OCEAW STEAMSHIPS: «
o. n. %so in*.
Astoria AMfeAil
$2.50 Second Class, Jpwirst Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS*INCLUOEt>.
(State of California sails. May June 3
Columbia sails ..slay 18 and 28
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. X.
GOO-AX—, PERKINS & CO., Oenl. Snpts.
*". F. CONNOR, General Agent,.
630 Market street . -
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAaM
CUT RATES*
VICTORIA, B. C, anjßp
PUGET SOUND. 9^
] 3_"±x*_i°£ Clnaa S&O.OO
Second Class JBOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
QOODALL, PKRKINB& CO.,
•}V3 * General Acents.
I __
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAJI
| STKAMER.S WILL bAIL FROM Art
»■ Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, , as •gStqCTf
| follows: --.X
For Mary Island. Lorinsr. Wranire!. J_nemi, Kll-
llsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at » _ fiftTMay 11,
29. June 3, 13, 18, VS. Tf
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. a), tort Town-
i «end, Seattle, Tacoma. Kverett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. v.
' May 4. 9. 14, • iH. 24. *9. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., a; Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Por: Towmend wltli
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hunt-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, '1 p. _ May 1, 5. 9,
I 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter;
. For Santa Cruz, Monterey. Kan Simeon, Cayucos,
; Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Oaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Huenejne, San Pedro. Kast San
' Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
, 3, 7. 11. 1.), 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
, (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. _.. lav 1. 5. R. 13,17, 21, 25. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knseuada, Ban Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
I Pax. Altata and Gaaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. M., June 1, 1:7, ana 25th of each month thers-
; ait r. .
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODA—I* PERKINS A CO., Gen'l A cents.
■ ■ 10 Market st. San Francisco.
WHITE STAR LlilE.
United States and , Royal Hail Steamers
■Biin
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
. SAILING JSVKKy WiiEK. - U
pABIN, $00 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- nr<
\J in? to steamer an'l accommodations sBsUl
Belect«1: second cabin, »38 and *40; Maj*».:c
Teutonic steerage Tickets from Knjland, Ire-
land, >co. land. Sweden, .Norway and Denmark
through to san Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets.
saliine dates and cabin plans may be procured
ftora W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mall bock, or at thi
nadex lirajid Hot.-i. O.W.FLETCHER.
i -tUMUr Grand Hotel. o. w. FLETCHER,
. - ••":■■■■ General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
STOdIW STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 5 P. M, Daily.
_^ Sunday at 7 P. M.
93" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
-■-.■STJSAMISns:
T. C. TValker, •«;» J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 800. C_. Nay. and Impt. Co.
3132
£ V rill BROS.' GREAT COMBINATION SALE. "!
pity^J^*^ ness out of respect to our dead (£J jC\ Commencing at 8:00 A. M, to-morrow we will sell the Chas. Mayer Jr. & Co. $12,000 Cloak Stock. j
•YviSpl' I" her ° cS ' ThiS ort ! week Nvill be \^st& Mayer & Co. succeeded and didn't— they knew how to make good and stylish wear, but competition nar-
M&^n summer DreLToods 'Itocki!' 1 Dollars will go farther rowed their f ield - They quit with a reputation and gave us their entire stock at our own figures. While I
Ctein ever at all dress goods counters this week at Hales. Extra this stock lasts the greatest of bargains will prevail. But $12,000 don't last long here. The wisest will <
V^help in all departments— deliveries— cashiers. come early. Extra help to promptly wait on all. '
fl^t PLAIN TRUTHS FOR THINKING PEOPLE. ]
*^fc DRESS STUFFS. HOW TO GET HERE. MEMORIAL SPECIALS. !
fTH JiestTrlce ss£%%zs£ o ir cßmma ARE °- r b * store is •— «• the iu -' tion ° f Turk - Market and B AR N L v v f F R pas™B R L E E iucM bargain oppor ™' ties - come ;
\jm :: anteedanpuresu^ce Yard. Leave Mission and Folsom street cars at Sixth. Ask all Market- **%&?%£?& s£°£&*JSk 41° hA^L^^c T I^ i J^ >^ 10 c '
FiiKNCU'iaKBOE: 35-lnch; all pure \>-y- .„„ special ac &c, our sueciat price Yard der, 36x36 Inches, our soeclal price.. Each .
a. "S'.apapssffa-aa \ street <: »" di " :tors to let y° u off at HALES - SmSSy^^s^lS sic ■« sswlK^sßiP^i 33°
FANCY OMW-lOT SUITINGS; all wool; O^C eK iara . , . — — . — — — 16, 18, 20 and '.l2. 20c: for '.'4, 26 and meat i
36-incHfSlstylf>s to select from; a regu- ~O BLEACHED MUSLIN, 45 Inches wide, 28, 28c, and for 30. 32 and 31 . j
lar 50c fa*Vy suiting: price Yard. ■ extra fine (Quality, no dressing, regular QC nnvs' pi-boats' nmriJP nriTim n~n '
1.4-V FRENCH PRINTED WA HP SILK-Tn©l .OO s** M ¥ A <~* It M ▲ *%. 7 V** W**, ¥ ■"> •"▼ ¥ A¥ 7" £*• 12V 2 c, sold special at 10c, our special O la | Ke Tsaiior collaf ruffled JiTf™?? 3o
mvr^suiT^se^;,. 9 ,c ir«avs.^:^..^.^*i£ CH AS. M AYE RJ R. CLOAKS prlce -^-- Yard SSS**5?.5?55? Sh i
new spM& • coiorinKs in fani-v mix- -O ; ' *** *.**•• illll. * *-* 1-V. *^ *V* "^^ ■— < V-r xm. *."%.•*• PKRCALES, 36 inches wide, good quality, - 7c specialprice {
tun-*: a«(S<clo.h; price Yard. • full yard wide, stripes and ngnres, sold 4 LADIES' CALICO WAISTS, laundered OOC
t-f . • • special at 10c, our special price Yard collar, cuffs, lull back and front, big iJfJ ,
A speciaJ^line of HEAVY BB Sss B^^."?^Js!S£aSssl — nnnDQ HPPM at « no a M TOMOPPOW F "SS T^ff 116 ™. 1 -' 11 ? 5° o^^«T^::™!'?.;^:. Each
DIAG-JN&K SURGE: mad« by the stun, 20-inch Price.. .. .Yard. DOORS OPEN AT 8.00 A. M. lO- (VlO X W. colors, regular 10c poods, sold at O r v
finest «■«¥' iirin and beautifully CAC ■ r^ special sales for 7y B e, our special price Yard LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, extra OXC
B!»WE!? r .rf.S^..f?^ Vli , - POSITIVELY NO SALE GOODS EXCHANGED. Swiss embroide,Ted-iiandkfr- Iqc *S5*W& &%Z^V& h & Pair j
- ■'•!*«*s■■* — Bl CcS^S^^l^ SSS^^^T^SS iii »*** «° o_uaUty._our_special price.
KX J!f-n]fc^ 1 ' I'MO(.'1 'M O( .' I ' S ! :K( ;. K : 75 C Seaa ° n ' S m ° St P ° PUlar Iat ' riCS ' I>rlC6 V " d - 105 LADIES' BLAZER JACKETS, in ? rC 123 LADIES' FUR CAPES lengths.. r .00 FANCY COLORED SHELF PAPER LA E ,^ E'^^S^.oo ,
C I *tJS«BHK?Jvi.«Jv bI "" li an<l nuvy . : Vnr.l blacks and tans. (has. Mayer Jr. * 4.) Chas. Mayer; prico fls t0. *35,0ur price C" edge of embroidered .lesions, a Con- 4 C ered with heavy roiuil regular $-' 50 1—- "
* timßr $&- BLACK I>RAI? DE SOIE-Anextra-1.r.0 Co.- S price. *5; our price Each. fro,n*l,sU,o 1^ Each V^^.MJJ&^.^.^ftcki. corset, our pnee^..? .!.... W Pair
' r,S^,v, •,V^?- j ,-.-t^-/. fancy h^avy quality, finished on both sides, 5)1 98 LADIES - JAO KKtI^«. 30 inches *.", .„ 86 LADIES' VELVET CAPES, trim- Q1»Q.50 HALE, .-,„...„ . .,,. "— " and 1Q C LADIKS' KID GLOVES, 4 large buttons, 40° j
FRENCH NO\ KLf\ fcITI.NG: fancy 24 inches wide. Price Yaro. 98 LADIES JACKETS. -24 to SO Inches fflji .25 mcd with jet, Mayer's price $10 50.&O HA^' tt TEPAP f F - envelopes and 1 rvC pique - stitched back, in tans and 4^
'. silk-n^iw.,.,, inijgMjn^^s; 42- $1. 55 long, plain and fancy mixtures. Jfl . our price Each paper put up in a fancy box, at -LU browns, a bargain at 75c, our special Pair '
Inch: n»vvcst-WpM»aßtlons:<iri Mayer's price $6; our price Each. Box price f.
\ P^gr -ryWP *° rcL A (J uv AT ,}' A , ni , KIY ,° SWIVEL " 58 LADIES' VELVET CAPES, fancy FANCY OPEN - WORKED - EDGE 1 QIC FANCY STRIPE RIHBON \o in in 1m- ,
X^M^. w ~' ~ - -. -o SILK — Black brocad,-, 1 grounds ofd>l,2.> 77 ladies- , A ck CT «. tH^ ,^ Q1 .,,, silk Hrx-d. trimmed with jet andflfc7.sO SCRIM 18 inches wide our special I.Z- A C h!, i?s RIBBON, No. JO m i rrc !
satin and «ro erain. rolo?ed fiKures^J -_ 77 LADIES' JACK KTS. trimmed with (£1 .50 braid. Mayers price fl6 50. our© i price Yard width, assorted patterns, our suecial ±4 1
» HIOII .^J'NO\ LI.l l-RE.\(jHiaEll-^.-| .so in small and large d.-sic us. l'rice Yard braid, lis?ht and dark colors. Mayer's •_ 1 — t.rioe - . Kach * v l ince V ard
' ■^I^«wL^w I ,*«l2SJj.-^!S"ii?V o '^v — T price $7 ; our price Kach. .._ J _ 1: ... LEATHER BELTS, fancy buckled, 2 re WHITE TWILL TABLE-COVERS, 38 T ,'C
■■ '.44-)noh« t ' T ''' B^SgEjV?Vv.'t'y:'" ard - 73 CHILDREN'S LONG COATS AND ln»hes wide, lans and blacks, our O inches square, fancy stumped our JO i
-4S£SH£bC 'V-^ \ SWELL DRESDEN S!LKs_Anead-of- ,no 1 »mP«'HP*VY WIVTFR JACK- »' OO REEFEUS. In fancy mixtures, ages ©1 .50 special price Each special price Each '
.. .fancy v v>:ttS«P^V; B 4™ 555° cTo^Li^^%^^ noo ™& S m^£lsn:r§^^s^ i^.l^^L v ::Z.^:.^-l^ FANCY butter-c|^ed point IQC BLACK enamel ST^KING-DARN- 9 C
• ■*. SUITS: nnew.uk afliwooPnSfeon; £ZO and exclusive patterns Price «* 25^2"-^! effects. Mayer's price $16 50; our price Each. pn U r aca DE YEN LACE. 10 to 12 inches l'J ERS, regular size, the cheapest ever -
. high art colorings; 44%jch; price.:. r.^ Suit. and .' T.". . Yard. 143 LADIES' SUITS, in fancy mixtures, (^17.50 wide, our special price Yard been offered, our special price Each
.»£jL' , j *] f- " "" *"*■*" double-breasted, blazer style. silk«Jp ' ■ _______^^_____
'' ! V ■'- IV C ■■f'~ r *~f~ 118 LADIES' CAPES, from 24 to 30 lined, Mayer's price $15, our price Each ■
'iif ! '-' \ 'Uv i 1 I ~~ ~~ """ inches long, trimmed with braid and
'A •••.' ,v 'r^* lace, Dlack navy and tan: 25 of these Q O.OO 119 LADIES' HEAVY WINTER ,*•»
*\l ':'-'\-1 " V +fr,S^ t*n*i have silk linings. Mayer's price. $10; *$)** CAPES, in black, blue, brown and tan. _ f _^— !•■%»
t)".i- :•■■"-!■ ■" m f -^ B "*'^A our price Each. 24 to 30 inches lonu, Mayer's prices <jj» ~ .OO f / J »*^**^ VA
. ■ :■■ 'W f 4m <^^^ /I • 10 to $16 60, our price for any and%J)«J I / * V
/V yfy/yf yy/^)7/ ers price. $ 10: our pnee^.... KWlS^™" i2h /// //T??; /
\tl^ i \^^ / \s^ //^^fyf * \J # 33 LADIES' SILK ULSTERS, In black <nj 9.50 NOTICE / L-^^X-^^C^^W^/ / {*' (*/ •
m ¥\TrADnAr>ITCI\ ' • and fancy stripes. Mayer's price, «!)■" m *. «.-^.-—^-^ —•£--_ .• -
B ii\LUKFUIv\I tll# *8 so; onrpnee Each. Positively no exchanges on sale # INCOJ^POkATED.
goods. Extra salespeople, wrappers, F
Hl^l2l]l2H 945 Market Street - " &3£!s&^?. $^ "-""*" d de " Veri " for th c'e ' 937, 939, 94i, 943, 945 Market Street.
MAGIC POTENCY
OF "CALIFORNIA."
Hq^^^^^rk Retailers
j: I^^p;lSffiage to the
'^^^i^jjOiyn ate.
I*BOB DAVIS TELLS IT.
5. the Author of "Chimmie
adden" Is Getting Rich
in Mining.
|g GILLIG IN THE COMBINE
Senator Jones and James P. Keeney
Formulating Their Campaigns for
a Definite Silver Plank.
NEW YORK, X. V., May 23.-There
must be something in a name, else New
Yorkers and Eastern people generally
would notJ|Uike advantage of California.
There wa^Miime when the Golden West
was not jjKsidered of sufficient import
ance to usKin the transaction of business
of even m^V" interest, but to-tiay it is tbe
magical wora which opens to the dealer,
wholesaler, retailer and street-vender the
pockets of the patrons. One is better able
to appreciate the power that comes from
the use of the State's name after spending
a few hours among the marts of this city.
The usual forms of advertising are neces
sarily set forth in the daily papers and
through the customary channels that are
supposed to fall within the reach of the
mob, but the patrons who enter the stores
and deal directly find tbe shelves adorned
with placards reading, "California fruits,"
"California wines," "California preserves,"
"California flour," etc. Even the impe
cunious violet-vender takes unto himself
the strength that conies with the use of
the State's name, and he who cries aloud,
"California^violets for sale," manages to
attract the passer-by and dispose of his
wares long before the dealer handling
English goods or Eastern stock. - r
None of the 'markets that have the-jgood
will of the people let an orjportunity go by
to get the word "California" somewhere
on the label of the goods they sell. Even
on the Bowert and down to the rivers and
along the wharves the brogue-afflicted
peanut butchers and sellers of sweets from
all climes have their little supplies of
California glace fruits or California figs, or
what they call Californian and sell in
California's name. Sometimes it does
come from the sunshine shores over the
Rockies; sometimes it does not.
♦ ♦ * •
Little did those who attended Edward
W. Townsend's readj^gw#V\f!9 his own
'books in San Francisco last January
imagine that he was also*nraking a very
close study of an industry which, happily
for the coast, was in its prime before Mr.
Townsend mounted the ladder of his liter
ary success and scattered his writings into
the hands of his old acquaintances. It
may startle his numerous friends and for
mer associates to know that he is interest
ing himself in a quiet way in getting a
bond on the Royal mine, located a mile
and a half from Copperopolis. Calaveras
County. It is true that in the midst of his
book labors he found time to renew the
dormant passion for mines and mining
that sleeps in the bosom of all who have
stepped across the Sierra Nevadas and ex
perienced the delights of seeing and feel
ing gold. Mr. Townßend is not alone in this
venture, as Harry Gillig belongs to the
I combination. While the latter has been
sailing the high seas and skirting the
shores of France, Spain and England in
his private yacht, well populated with his
friends, he, too, has Jonged to hear the
pound of the atarapmill, the roar of the
batteries and read the report from the as
mjm\ The old fever appeared to settle
upon them simultaneously, and within a
short time I will probably be able to record
a transaction in the mining world that
will line the pockets of the writer and the
traveler with something more substantial
than press notices and guidebooks. The
Royal mine is situated in the western
j division of the mother lode of California,
and will probably be disposed of for many
thousands of dollars". Mr. Townsend con-
I fesses that he and his associate are very
near a settlement with a New York synui
cate, after which they will turn their
attention to more stupendous deals, all of
which will be made on California proper
ties. Just how much they expect and to
whom the property will go I was unable to
ascertain, but the merry twinkle in Mr.
Townsend's eye and his perspiring excite-
I ment indicate that he is nearer than he is
! willing to admit.
Speaking of mines recalls a rumor that
| is at present finding plenty of ears in Wall
j street. A speculator said to me recently ;
I "I regard California as the head of the
! cold-mining countries of the world. It is
j better equipped with undeveloped mines
and limitless ledges and gravel deposits
to keep up its remarkable average in its
' annual output than any of the other sec
tions classed among the leading mineral
localities in the market to-day. Cool
gardie, South Africa, Cri pple Creek and
others, through having been recently
pushed to the front, have attracted con
siderable capital, but California, without
booming, without capital other than that
extracted from the earth, has annually
poured into the lap of commerce its mil
lions of gold. The output for the year
closing July last was $15,360,000, but the
output this year, yet unrecorded by sta
tisticians and mining reports, will be in
the neighborhood of $20,000,000. There
are mines in California to-day owned by
private individuals that are paying mil
lions of dollars in dividends, yet have
never been on the stock market. Take for
instance Hayward & Lane's mine, the
Utica. Its product is enormous and the
lode is still developing. Capital all over
this country is seeking good gold prop
erties. Naturally it is quick to observe the
promised El Doradoes that have sprung
up in the different parts of the world. It
is true that many transactions have re
sulted beneficially for investors, but on
the other hand there have been many fail
ures. The camps that have .started and
sent Wall street howling into the breach
have quietly dwindled away and buyers
I are still returning to the substantial deals
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 24, 1896.
that are so frequently made in California
mines."
Colonel James M. Brazell, who succeeded
in disposing of the Pioneer mine to a
Boston syndicate recently for $250,000, ar
rived in New York from San Francisco
last Friday with the view to disposing of
the Gold Run mine in Placer County and
the Denison mine in Plnmas County. Mr.
Brazell was met at the Continental Hotel
by New York representatives of another
Boston syndicate, and has left for the lat
ter place. He anticipates, and has been
practically assured, that the two properties
will be disposed of for something in the
neighborhood of $300,000, and that an in
creased force of men will be put to work to
immediately develop the ore bodies. The
Pioneer mine has paid for some years
about 12 per cent, while the Gold Run and
the Denison average 13 and 14 per cent.
A great deal has been said of the quality
of gold mines in California, and reports
show that the regularity with which sub
stantial returns occur is in excess of that
of any other gold-bearing district on the
face of the earth, when estimated from
year to year. The success of Colonel
Brazell places him among the front ranks
of careful and reliable mining promoters.
Joseph D. Redding, who left his New
York law office for San Francisco not long
ago, is said to be moving, in the same
direction as the others 1 have mentioned.
The desire among Eastern capitalists to
deal in gold mines has made it possible
for many excellent bodies of ore to be
properly worked by ready capital.
Senator John P. Jones of Nevada and
James P. Keeney are at present in New
York formulating a plan of campaign
among silver men with the view of de
manding a definite silver plank at the
ratio of 16 to 1. It is the intention of the
bimetallism here to meet at Boston before
the 10th of June for the discussion of the
matter. Senators Jones, Stewart, Teller,
Bland and others are expected to be
there. The result of the conference will
not be made public until a few days pre
ceding the convening of the Republican
convention.
Society is preparing for its country out
ing, and the pleasure resorts, brightened
up with May showers and "renovations,"
are becoming populated. Collis P. Hunt
ington is now comfortably settled, or as
comfortably at least as the public will
permit him to be, in his Fifth-avenue
home, that inlaid mansion which is said
to be haunted or rather unsafe lo the ex
istence of the occupant, Uncle Collis
It is proposed as a feature of this year's exhibition of the New York Sketch Club that the work
of a select number of the representative draughtsmen of American cities be displayed in a group
under that distinct caption. Willis Polk of this City is one of the draughtsmen thus honored. He
will send some of his best sketches* of which this picture is regarded as a fair specimen.
doubtless believing that while Congress is
prone to ask him pertinent questions he
might as well face all sorts of inconven
iences, with ghosts added.
Will H. Bunner of San Francisco, a
cousin of the late H. C. Bnnner, editor of
Puck, which paper, by the way, is left in a
somewhat uncertain political condition, is
in Nutley, N. J., assisting the widow in
the settlement of the editor's estate. It is
Mr. Bunner's intention to make his home
here.
Philip Verell Mighells. a former San
Francvsco newspaper man, has issued a
book of poems, entitled, "Out of a Silver
Flute," with I. Selwin Tait & Sons' im
print.
F. B. Millard, a former city editor of Thk
Cam,, has a book of short stories in the
hands of the same publishers. It is called
"The Pretty Bandit."
Mias Jean Cbaniblin, a member of the
Chimmie Fadden Company, and formerly
a California girl, has mode herself popular
with the better element of New Yorker?
by getting out an injunction restiaining a
certain cigarette company from inserting
100,000 miniature photographs of herself
in as many packs of cigarettes consigned
to the Mexican market. Miss Chamblin
says she is averse to that character of au
dience.
YaJe-Princeton pames this year will be
full of interest. The Princeton athletes
are to be slaughtered, so it is said, by the
New Haven boys, who have taken the rec
ords made at Athens recently and disposed
of them entirely in practice games. There
is considerable regret that the California
athletes have given up their proposed trip,
as a few surprises were expected of them
by the Eastern muscle bureaus.
Robert H. Davis.
VlMHlla UrclmnlisU.
J. H. Thomas of Visalia has written to Secre-
tary J. A. Filcher of the State Board of Trade
stating that the recent cold weather in his lo
cality has not injured the grain crop in the
least, in speaking of the fruit crop Mr.
Thomas says that it is in a good condition and
orciiardists expect to realize well from their
trees. B. C. Anderson has been offered $ 130<)
for the fruit on three acres of ground. In
some localities the fruit is worth $100 per
acre. Ptunes are worth $200 per acre on the
trees.
A Careless Bicyclist.
R. R. Btrain, an old man, CO years of age,
living at 220 Market Rtreet, was walking along
Annie street, In rear of the Palace Hotel, yes
terday morning, when he was run over by a
bicyclo. The bicyclist jumped off and ex
pressed his sorrow and then rode off. The old
man was takun to the Receiving Hospital in
the ambulance, where it was found that his
kneecap was fractured.
COULD CROWN THE
CITY'S DRIVEWAYS.
Grand Possibilities of Buena
Vista Park in Pros
pect.
PARADISE OF ARTISTS.
It Commands a View Which
Might Be Made a General
Source of Pride.
PROPERTY-OWNERS' PETITION
Milions of Dollars Represented.
President Ellis to Commissioner
Austin.
Park Commissioner Joseph Austin has
stirred up the residents and property
owners in the vicinity of Buena Vista Park
to renewed action on behalf of their dis
trict. Mr. Austin proposed the sale of a
portion of Buena Vista Park for the bene
fit of Golden Gate Park.
In speaking of tbe matter, Charles Ellis,
president of the Park Hill Club, said
yesterday:
"How ridiculous!" That is the sentiment
expressed by many property-owners when they
heard Commissioner Austin's idea of convert-
Ing a portion of Buena Vista Park into build
ing lots.
The very thought of this shocks the lovers of
romantic scenery, and those who have enjoyed
tne maenineent view from the summit of
Buena Vista. From no other point in the City
is there such a view, and the very air on that
hill is exhilarating.
Mr. Austin asserts that neither old nor young
can enjoy the park on account of its steep
ascent. In this assertion he is deeply mis
taken. If the gentleman would kindly take
the trouble to take a walk on Park Hill on any
baturday, Sunday, or even in the evening, he
would see for himself both old and young on
the summit, expressing their opinions of the
view in very flattering phrases. The place is
a perfect rendezvovs tor all artists, one artist
having remembered the grand view after being
in Europe for several years.
The Commissioners speak of erecting a mon
ument to General Grant in Golden Gate Park.
Why not put that monument on this prand
elevation, where it will be seen from every
point in the City, where every schoolchild will
behold his idol without hunting all over
Golden Gate Park to find it? Of course im
provement is needed in this park, and should
nave been made long ago. The excuse of the
Commissioners* that there is no water-power
which can reach the summit is a lame one, as
there is now a water force near by the hill
which could reach twenty feet higher.
Again, the property-owners declare that not
one inch of Buena Vista will be sold. If mouey
is needed for the City so badly that a portion
of a park must be sold why not sell some of the
sand which so beautifies Golden Gate Park?
To show that Mr. Ellis voices the senti
ment of the neighborhood the following
petition subscribed by people repre
senting millions of dollars' worth of prop
erty has been prepared and will be pre
sented to the Board of Supervisors on
Monday:
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors in
and for the i'itti and County of San Francisco —
liKNTi.E.MEN : 'The undersigned residents and
property-owners in the vicinity of Buena Vista
Park respectfully represent that the present
condition of the said park is a menace to the
safety and happiness of the neighborhood; an
inviting rendezvous for vagrants and a source !
of danger to women and children. We respect
tally petition your honorable board to devote \
the sum of $75.(>00 out of the large sum real- '
ized by the recent tax levy for the proper im- !
provement of this beautiful pleasure ground,
i'ark Hill Improvement Club.
(haki.ks Ki.lis. President.
C Williams, 420 Church Robert Dixon, 1 Baker i
I" II .Manwiiring.TSl 17th Robert Ewing, 136 S
Mark Lane, la Alpine Rroderick
Win Peters, 10 Tllden i J Tel ford, Park Hill aye
H Marhlen, 141 Laricin ' Mrs K noli. Park Hill aye >
J F Meyers, 10 AJpine {Lars F Peterson, 4U3 ]
ECI Cook, 120 s Broder-| Buena Vista aye
lck John Johnson, 401
Daniel Frank, 5 S Brod- : Buena Vis ia aye
crick I Charles i- Bambauer,
Henry Hartmann, 5 S I'ark road A Congress ;
Brodertck [James M Moran, 6 S
Sde Lano, 116 S Brod-| BroderlcK
crick IChas Ellis, 9 SBroderirk ;
William Wde Lano, 115! J H Oilleran, 2 S Brod- j
8 Broderick crick
J O Boobar. 313 Scott Mrs B F Long, 21 Buena ;
Alfred Clarke, Masonic Vista aye
aye., near I.ott F J Foley, 7 S Broderick i
Mrs J Caley, 138 S Brod-; J 0 spencer, NX cor
crick Baker and Haigtit
Mrs J Chase.S Broderick A Colombat, 4 S Brod-
John Dixon, 8 Alpine I crick
P Janes. Tilden and 15th MrsOttinger. 1301 Page
John Dolan, 1012 16ta ;Mrs Dorgeio, 1303 Page
C V Bmsou, 1010 15th U O Blair. 1308 Pa«e
I Newman ,12 Kulton H A Morton, 1312 Pasre
T W McKee, 17 DehoneJ J liamjiond, 1316
James H McKes, 618 ; Page
L.uerrero A M Rragg, 1332 I'a«;e
J J Kenney, 1005 17th M CCantelow. 13.6 Page j
M Burns, 1"J8 Castro (J Mathewson, 13-7 Page |
David Clurk. 1210 18th LII Hawley, 1136 Page
J J Collins. 126 Castro ' J Uarretta. 15th A Tilden
John McDonnell, l3Bll/j W A O'Toole, 1104 Page
Castro 11 Harto, 1100 17th
J V Dolan, 1012 15th Kooert Asch. 1119 17th
Arthur Atridge, 210 Noe Mrs A Haas, 1018
1J S Brag?, 215 Ca*iro ; Height
: Hobt Bragg, 215 Castro Mrs G E Janes, 1016
T .1 sianton. 331 Montg llaicht
D Barry. 301 Castro i F J Koster,ls97 Masonic I
N Currier. 3518 16th J A Ritchie. 107 Kredrk !
J Coulin. 115 Henry \B F Richardson, 109
J Donovan, 941 15th Frederick
J Friiwlcy, 131 Castro W G Richardson, 109
H Frawley, 131 Castro Frederick
J Uiggins. 941 15:h H J Foley,ll2DeLongav
M lrwin, 910 16th A J Clunle, 115 De Long
J Kavanaugh. 35 Pond B Lehnhurt, 120 I)e Long
P McQuairt, 143 Henry C i,lnd, 1500 Ma«onlc ay
F Mcguaid. 149 lleury A P Adams, lßOOMasonic
M Shunnon, '226 Noe f J A Watt, 18 Deviaadero
A Buscher, 136 Castro X Noian, 24 Henry
Sister M Dominica, St J Blake, 433 17th
Joseph's !T Keouuh, 16O7Washgtn
T Jennings, 935 15th IL R Townsend, 1164
M ii rin baum,Pa:kll ill ay Haight
Snrah G Ullyer, 826 Wai- Mrs W Cronan, 17 Baker
ler |E Tanlere, 19 Baker
Dorcas J Spencer, 826N J E O'Donnell, 102 Baker
Waller O C Bennett, 104 Baker
A Skafe, 824 Waller P Crichton. 109 Kaker
Mrs J B Hoaster, 629 J Klelllng, 892 14th
Shrader J Bmid-, 21 Baker
H U Kohl, 1012 Haight G Paradini, 111 Castro
A Owens, 1017 Haiitht M I Klrby, 103 Castro
Mrs X V Atkinson, 11 8 s Zeberg. 933 14Ui
Aliine E M Muenger, 937 14th
J A Cruran. 8 Alpine L I) Kadgesky, 1008
Mrs Ist-nbeck, 1103 Page Halght
W Miiiikeii, 214 UmU« J H Hoalt. Park road
W U Sdwsrda, principal 1- Hail, 16 Devisadero
V-rocker Gram. School H Campe, '20 Devisadero
MA lritz. COT Masonic J H Donohoe, 27V»
aye and Frederick st j Devlsadero
A J Frltr,l3l De LongaviC Donohoe,27i^Devigdro
W L Urowali, 1518 M«-|T H Coroish, 810 Waller
souic aye 1 W B Morns, 814 Waller
G. S. vans, 25 Baker S. F. Long, 21 Buena
0. Herrmann, 25 Baker Vista aye
Dr. C. E.Farnum, corner F. Q. Sachs, 38 Steiner
Market and Third IA. McDonald, 435 15th
M. J.Kennedy,ll2BPage R. A. Mahony, 1117
A. 11. Hamill,l6Lyon ' HaigOit
C. Zoberniz, 17 Lyon J. W. Hlnkel, 218 Devisa-
A. A. Silver, 12 Lyon ' dero
J. O"Connf>r.l'J 4 .'6Ashbry J. C. Nealon, 928 Knight
A.Menzell,l23oAshbury 1. K. Bishop, 118 Brod-
W. E. Patrell, 31 Uranus crick
C. W. Adams. 7 L'ranus Renton, Holmes & Co
1. M. Adams, lot 34, 111 Broderick
Lower Terrace S.C. Talcott, 132 S. Brod-
Eavid Neustadter, South crick
Broderick, near 14th K. D. Cranston, 1414
A. Screiber. 5 Uranus . Masonic aye
G. Mathieu Jr.,169717th Hugh Keenan, Masonic
A. Krickson, 15 Serpen- aye
tine Place P. A. Schulte, Haight
Axel Stuanelber, 15 Ser- and Pierce
pentlne place C. B. Perkins. 728 Halsrht
W. H. stanly, Lower 11. Kincald, 1222 Waller
Terrace Mrs. M. Egan. Tilden
J.Thrave, Lower Terrace I. Meagher, Tilden
F. Thrave, 205 Castro Mrs. E. White, Tilden
J. W. Pierce. 121 Henry J. Holler, Seventeenth
J. Thode, 820 Waller Mrs. L. Bogen, Noe and
W. P. Kirbv.l224 Halocht Henry
W. s. McDonald, 1218 Olof Nelson, 249 Tilden
Haißht J. Slattery .Tilden nrlsth
R. H. White, 1216 Haleht D. O'Day.72o Fourteenth
Mrs. F. E. Sweasey, 1214 Behrend Joost, Moss aye
Haigbt and Falcon
W.A.CSmith, 120016 th A. ii. Evans, Park Hill
J. D. Fold man, 800 aye
Haleht W. E. Dennison, 110
M. Kiley. 816 Waller ; Broderick
J. R. Cross, 801 HaightiJ. O. Slit-Kins. S. Brod«
J. H. Zemansky, 714 j crick and Tilden
Waller , Joseph Leggett, S. Brod-
C. W. Cross. 718 Waller crick
J. F. Long, 21 Buena C. M. Arnold, 1011
Vista aye | Haight
Mrs. Emma P. Varrach, ,C. A. Foyes, 3624 16th
21 Tilden ! J. H. Warmack, 108 Noe
Mr-* C llelm,2sTildpn Peter Stalling, 892 14tli
Mrs. M. Siebrecht, 36 lIJ Uallagher.l23 Castro
Tilden I L. J. Sevey. 130 Castro
W. Gattinger. 38 Tilden G. Carle. 237 Henry
1). W. Johnson, 3 South Jerry Carle. 215 Henry
Broderick F. Carle. 213 Henry
Louis /eh. . c Goodall, Pierce «fc McA
John O'Brien, 126 1 ' 3 Xoe Edwin Goodall, Waller
John Gottsche. 196 Noe and Bue-na Vista
CF. Selk, 47 Sanchez H. T. Holmes, 1922 Pina
W. C. Mvsell, 104 Park (Belgrade avenue)
Hill avenue W. A. yon der Nelnbere.
J. Klu'impr, 117 South 818 Waller
Broderick Mrs. W. White, Park road
Mrs. Ed. Hill, Park road and Frederick
and south Broderick I. S. Belcher, 948 Halßht
F. J. Ray, 214 Castro P A Mahony. 1007Haight
F. W. Harris. 832 Haight P. F.Ward. Ashbury nea
Wm. Jones, 1019 Haiicht Frederick
E. H. Wakeman, 1164. H. B. McA voy, 101 Brod-
Uait'ht , I crick
M. J. Hepburn, 1166 H M Black, 201Broderick
Haiithf 10. banestran, 147 Tlldea
Denis O'Brien, 110 South G. N. J. Smith, Congress
Broderick and Masonic
H. McGeehan, 100 South Mrs 3 Thayer, Piedmont
Broderick and Masonic
H. D. Rogers. 1045 14th M V Stephen, 178Uran«n
Mrs. C. W. Rogers, 1045 C. H. Duvenick, 17th and
14th | Eureka
H. N. Tilden, Park aye- J. H. Kenny, 61 Stale
no* and Tilden J. B. Gorman. 15 Tilden
I. Quigley. 2380 Market E X Fulton, 714 Ashbury
P. A. McDonald, 741 Ash- P. F. Kingston, 712 Ash
bury | bury
Mrs M Lane,72s Ashbury ' E. L. Fillmore, 714 Ash-
Alfred 725 Ashbury bury
J. F. Halloran, 750 Ash- Mrs. M. McNlcol, 710
bury . ■ Ashbury
Mrs. M. Bulger, 728 Ash- R. McGillen, 1105 18th
bury A. Young, 727 Ashburv
Mrs. H. Beverldge, 729 J. J. Dirks, Masonic and
Ashbury . Congress
Mrs. W. O. Dlecho, 730 Mrs. J.Wbelan, 1424 Ma-
Ashbury. . sonic
Mrs. C. O. Burton, 730 IMKalloch,l4l6Masonio
Ashbury s. Cohn, 624 Schrader
J. Murtha, 723 Ashbury corner Waller
MrsAHßormerlSOOPage MrsMKennedyl 228 Page
Following compose the executive com
mittee: Charles Ellis, 9 South Broderick'
J. C. Nealo:j, 928 Haight; William Cronan'
17 Baker; Joseph Budde, 21 Baker; J. C.
Spencer, northeast corner of Baker and
Haight; James Alva Watt, 18 Devisadero*
Robert Dixon, 1 Baker; E. H. Wakeman'
1164Hai ht; Henry M. Black, 201 Brodl
crick; J. E. O'Donnell, 102 Baker; Robert
Ewine, 136 South Broderick; R. H. White
1216 Haight; M. A. Fritz, corner of
Masonic and Frederick; Dr. E E Hill
comer of Park road and South Broderick;
Dr._S. F. Long, 25 Buena Vista avenue;
& H «'i n ?l-.^ ark Hill avenue; W. B.
Morns. 814 Waller; William Jones. 1019
H lg \r ; a  rles Good »Hi corner of Pierce
and McAllister.
Fell From a Scaffold.
Nelson Smith, 17 years of age, a painter, wa»
working yesterday morning at 1818 Sacra
mento street, when he fell from a scaffold to
the ground, a distance of twelve feet. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital in the ambu
lance. It was found that he was suffering
severely from the shock to hia system and
possible internal injuries.