VOLUJJfjIp LXXX,->O. 30.
DISINTEGRATION IS CERTAIN,
Democrats Unable to Stem
tke Tide of Coming
Disruption.
WHITNEY CONCEDES HIS
DEFEAT.
Administration Men Display a
Partisanship That Goes
Unchecked.
CLEVELAND SECRETLY KNIFING
STEVENSON.
Struggles of Leaders Will Only Result
a a Rout and a Victory for
McKinley.
CHICAGO, 111;, Jane — The prog
ress of disintegration in the Demo
cratic party continues. Xi • Secretary
Whitney will be here on Thursday, to
prepare the way for the formation of a
solid square by the gold men. While
he has not abandoned hope, he virtu
ally concedes that the nomination of a
silver candidate on a silver platform
■will mean the disruption and rout of
the Democratic party and the election
of William McKinley.
Members of President Cleveland's ad
ministration are displaying a partisan
ship which does not seem to be of
fensive to Mr. Cleveland. National
Comptroller Eckels is here in the in
terest of sound money. It is believed
that Cleveland, through his friends, is
secretly knifing the aspirations of Vice-
President Stevenson.
Bland and Boies are the only candi
dates in the field worthy of mention.
Bland is the logical candidate of the
silver men, and his strength is increas
ing hourly.
Prominent Democratic sound-money
newspapers all over' the country are
saying that never has the Democratic
party been confronted with so grave a
crisis since the party went to pieces on
the slavery question in 1860.
' Hugh Wallace of Tacoina denies that
there is any plan on foot to buy the
conversion of silver delegates.
JOH3T PAUL COSOBAVK.
SEAND MEN HOPEFUL
But There Are Already Twenty-One '
Candidates In the Scattered
Field.
CHICAGO, 111., June 29.— While Farmer
Bland is toiling on his ranch in Missouri
his boom for the Presidential nomination
by the Chicago convention is growing
apace. In fact the advertising balloon
was sent up from th* Auditorium tower
to-day, and lithographs of the silver sage
were scattered over the city. Headquar
ters have been permanently established,
and the booming of guns for "Silver Diclr"
will be heard with the arrival of Governor
Stone and party to-morrow morning. The I
Bland men are confident that they will
succeed in having their candidate nom
inated by tne convention. So certain are
they of success that the} 7 are serenely in
different to the aspirations of other candi
date?, excepting probably Boies, who is
regarded as the most formidable. Thus
far, however, Boies has not shown much
strength apart from his own State. The
delegation from lowa is naturally for him
first, last and all the time, out of course
there are others.
There are twenty-one candidates in the
field for the nomination up to date, and
how many more will appear at the Coli
seum next wt ek the good Lord only knows. |
The Chronicle, the only Democratic !
newspaper in Chicago, is very much !
alarmed ever the situation. It is an
honest money paper, and, therefore, can
not stomach the silver pill. Its comment j
Is ominous. Says the Chronicle:
"Not since 1860 has the National Demo
cratic party been confronted with so grave
a crisis in its affairs as at present. Thirty
six years ago the organization went to
pieces on the slavery question. It will
undoubtedly require very discreet and in
telligent management to prevent a serious
split on themoney issue in the convention
to be held in this city next week. The
convention promises to be one of the most
interesting political gatherings in the
history of this country. It is believed
that the crowds in atlendance will, in
point of numbers, surpass anything before
known. The forerunners of the various I
Presidential candidates are already on the j
ground, and it is said tbat before the end
of this week the hotels will be severely
taxed to provide accommodations for the
tnousands of delegates and visitors.
"So far little attention has been given to
the claims of candidates for the Presi
dential nomination. Interest has chiefly
centered in the fight over tbe financial
question, and it was not until that had
been settled, apparently in favor of the
free silver forces, that the talk about can
didates began to be heard. It is signifi
cant that of the 926 delegates who will
compose the convention only 256 have
been instructed as to Presidential prefer
ences by the States which appointed
them. There are therefore 670 delegates,
or more than two-thirds of the whole
number, who are uninstructed as to can
didates for President. It is said that the
records of political parties in the United
States may be searched in vain to find a
situation parallel to this."
Hugh C. Wallace of Tacoma, National
Committeeman from Washington, a young
man with a large opinion of himself, and
a son-in-law of Chief Justice Fuller of the
United States Supreme Court, blew into
town late last night. He came from New
York, where he has been doing missionary i
work for the gold men. Wallace is sn en- ;
iast. He has promised to deliver to |
tiey tbe entire Washington (telega- j
Nile it is common knowledge that !
•crats of that State are at daggers'
the financial question. The
.8 east of the Cascade Mountains
The San Francisco Call.
are pretty generally united for silver,
while the Puget Sound voters will gladly
submit to injections of gold. Consequently
tne critics of Wallace say he will be un
able to deliver to Whitney et al. the goods
he has contracted for. In justice to Wal
lace it may be said that he is an Eastern
man and migrated to Washington in boom
days, became a real-estate operator at
Tacoma and gathered in a few shekels on
tbe rise in values. His sympathies are
with the gold standard, however, and he
is man enough to declare himself. He
says:
"The talk about Eastern capitalists com
ing out here to buy silver delegates for
sound money is all bosh. There will be
no attempt to coerce nor will there be any
unfair means used. There will be a host of
strong, earnest Democrats from the East
and other localities, many of them of
National prominence and leadership,
come to Chicago, who hope to dissuade
the silver leaders from party suicide.
They . will show conclusively that the
adoption of a 16 to 1 platform by the con
vention means practically annihilation of
the Democracy of New York, Connecticnt
and New Jersey. There are those who be
lieve these States have been the bulwarks
of Democracy in the past and are essential
in the future.
"Should the convention adopt a 16 to 1
platform and nominate a silver candidate,
it will not be thirty days before the issue
is clearly defined and reduced to 'Panic
vs. No Panic,' with the result that the
combined business interests of the coun
try will array themselves against that
candidate whose election means a panic.
No party has ever succeeded with the
business interest against it. It is a long
time between now and election, and the
wage-earners of the country will have
abundant opportunity to elect whether
their wages shall be paid in 50-cent dol
lars." Frank McGuirk.
DISRUPTION IS CERTAIN.
Democracy Will Surely Be Foun
dered on Silver Rocks and
Republicans Will Win.
CHICAGO, 111., June 29.— There is no
added bustle in Chicago to-day by reason
of the fact that a Democratic convention
will be held in this city next week. Only
a few of the scouts of the sound-money
men sent hither to spy out the land have
put in an appearance as yet, and the
Palmer House presents only its wonted
appearance with, the gentlemen from the
South and East and West and North sit
ting around in the chairs and speculating
as to whether Jones would not have added
more largely to his income by putting an
other story on his nineteen-storygsky
scraper.
The only symptom that something out
of the way is in progress is the presence of
a Jarge mimoerof desperate footpads and
burglars. During the last four liights in
numerable burglaries have been com
' mitted. Peaceable citizens have been
stood up at the revolver's point on the
public highway and robbed, and daring
the same period saloons have been entered
as early as 10 o'clock at night by from two
to four armed men and tne proprietors
have been forced to deliver up to them the
contents of the till. Last night, for in
stance, four men attacked a saloon-keeper,
who was seriously shot by the robbers.
An hour or so later a man trying to break
into a freightcar was shot dead by a night
} watchman. Even as I write three men
j drive up in a wagon to the American Ex
! press Company across the way. One of
them has a valise handcuffed to his right
wrist. The grip may contain a thousand
dollars in currency or it may contain a
million. The two men who walk on each
side of him are Pinkerton guards. Each
has a revolver in his right hand
pants pocket with his right hand clutch
ing the handle ready for action on the in
itant. These and other extraordinary
precautions to guard money and other
property have been made necessary by the
presence of a large body of criminals
gathered here from all parts of the coun
try for the purpose of plunder. They have
been attracted by the immense crowds
'that will be here next week, and it is cx
i pected that gold bricks will find a ready
j market among the silver farmers of the
j South and West.
Everything political here is in a state of
| suspense, and we are listening to the tick-
I ing over the wires of news from New York,
the headquarters of the sound money
forces. No move will be made until Thnrs-
day, when Whitney and a contingent
from New York will be on the ground.
The Democratic National administration
favors sound money and has already sent
its couriers here to spy out the land. It is
understood that President Cleveland is
more than ordinarily interested in the
financial plank, and that the administra
tion officers who are here and who have
been here came with his assent. A day or
two ago First Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral Frank Jones and Charles Tracy came
here from New York ana left again a few
hours iater. They were to lay a wire or
two on behalf of sound money and kept
their movements secret.
Another representative of the adminis
tration is J. H. Eckels, National Comp
troller at Washington. He will remain
here until the close of the session of the
convention and has not the slightest fear
of "offensive partisanship" or its punish
ment by the mugwumpery. Comptroller
Eckels is a small, light-built man, with
sandy hair and brows and pale blue eyes.
He dresses her* in a sack suit of gray,
topped with a stiff-brimmed straw hat, I
asked him to-day as to the status of the
sound money fight, and he replied that
the "gold element," as he termed it, would
make the best fight possible. The over
whelming numbers of the silverites did
not worry Mr. Eckels a bit. He was con
fident, he said, that the sound money ad
vocates would be able to show such a
condition of things that they would
secure a hearine, and that if they got that
there was a chance that they might make
many converts.
Eastern Democrats, he added, deplored
the fact that there should be discord in
the party, especially this year, when the
prospects were brilliant for the carrying
of New York State by the Democracy, and
they feel very forely that there is danger
that these hopes may be dissipated. New
York cannot be carried on a silver plat
form. Of that he is positive. The work
ing people of that State very generally
were arrayed against the position taken
by the silver men. He emphasized this
statement by adding his opinion that the
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1896.
BOIES FIRES A BROADSIDE ON THE VIEWS OF WHITNEY,
silver proposition would receive less sup
port from the working people than from
any other class. That was the case also in
the tariff fight. The greatest gains made
by the Democracy on the tariff reform
proposition were made by the laboring
classes and not among the farmers of the
country.
The working people in the cities and
towns, Mr. Eckels observed, read the
daily papers, and thus kept themselves in
formed as to current events. Not so with
the farming population, who receive their
political education from the country
weeklies. The metropolitan press, which
is the educator of the laboring people, is
largely against the free coinage of silver.
With regard to the probable action of the
sound-money Democrats in case of the
adoption of the 16 to 1 free coinage plat
form, Mr. Eckels said tnat tie did not
think any of the gold men would bolt the
convention. He did not believe that the
proposition had been discussed. What
ever had been said on that subject had
been said by the silver men and not by
the gold men.
"The East will not be carried for a sil
ver platform," he continued. "The
people of the manufacturing centers be
lieve in a stable monetary standard. They
want a good dollar. The East, more than
the West, is in a position to see the effect
upon the business interests of this coun
try, which are related to foreign business
interests, of changes in tbe stability of
the currency. There is no such thing as
having an independent commercial and
financial system for any country unless
you can inclose it within a Chinese wall."
In reply to a question as to whether the
tariff would not be an important factor in
the campaign Comptroller Eckels said that
the tariff question would not cut much of
a figure in the contest. The currency
plank would be the all-absorbing one.
When I asked about the reported candi
dacy of Vice-President Stevenson for the
Presidency Mr. Eckels said that he had
not heard Mr. Stevenson's name connected
with any nomination in the gift of the
people.
By the way, it is whispered that these
gentlemen of the administration who are
just now absent from their posts by per
mission of tne President have a wary eye
upon Mr. Stevenson's chances, and that
they will not strain any tendons in work
ing for Mr. Stevenson's success. In fact,
the only things strained in the matter are
said to be the relations between President
Cleveland and Vice-President Stevenson.
Mr. Boies and other representatives of
the silver wing of the Democratic party do
not agree with Mr. Eckels. Mr. Boies says
flatly that, with the exception of the Wall
street influence, the great mass of the
Democratic party in the Eastern States
will be unanimous in favor of the restora
tion of silver to its original position as pri
mary money. Mr. Boies expressed this
opinion;
"Personally I believe Webster and many
others of the most eminent of American
statesmen in the past were right in their
conclusion that the constitution of the
United States, fairly construed, requires
of Congress that it shall by law pro
vide for the coinage of both goid and
silver as standard money — that it can
Continued on Second Page.
HON. RICHARD PARKS BLAND, WHO IS URGED AS A PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEE
BY ENTHUSIASTIC DEMOCRATS OF MISSOURI.
From the outset of his public career Congressman Bland of Missouri has been the champion of cheap and plentiful money in
•very form, and for many years has been the recognized leader in the House of Representatives of the free-silver wing. Mr. Bland
is essentially a s*lf-made man. He was born near Hartford, Ohio County, Ky., August 19, 1835. Orphaned at an early age, he
worked during the summer months in order to obtain means with which to attend school in the winter, and thus acquired an aca
demic education. He then studied law and was admitted to che bar. In 1855 he removed to Missouri and then to California,
Subsequently he settled in Virginia City, Nev., where he became interested in mining operations. Returning to Missouri in 1865,
he eventually drifted to Lebanon, in that State, and while practicing Jaw there was elected to Congress as a Democrat in 18 73.
He has since been regularly re-elected. He introduced in the Forty-fourth Congress the well-known "Bland bill," which provided
that the Secretary of the Treasury should purchase sufficient bullion to coin the minimum amount of $"2,000,000 a month in silver
dollars of 412}£ grains each, and that these doilars should be legal tender. He also introduced in the Fifty-third Congress the
"Seigniorage bill,' 1 which was passed by Congresa but was vetoed by the President. Whatever else may be said of Mr. Bland's
legislative career, it is certain that he reflects faithfully the wishes and the opinions of his constituents. Personally he has his
cause much at heart, conceiving himself to be the champion of the debtor class and a crusader against what he calls a wicked con
spiracy of the bankers and the "goidbugs."
Redhot Silver Shot for the
Ex-Secretary to
Digest.
CAN'T BETRAY A TRUST.
No Pledged Delegate Will Dare
to Disregard the Party
Principles.
EVILS OF THE GOLD STANDARD.
"Let Disruption ConW Says the lowa
Statesman, "if Urju-t Law Must
Be Undone."
WATERLOO, lowa, June 29.—jtfx-Gov
ernor Boies returned this afternoon from
his Grundy County farm, where he went
immediately on his return from Illinois.
When asked if he intended going to Chi
cago soon he replied that he had not de
termined whether he would attend the
convention or not.
"At any rate," he said, "I do not know
of any reason which should call me to Chi
cago tnis week."
He further stated that he had made no
arrangements for going to Chicago at any
time during the convention. As to what
were his plans for the campaign he did
not care to say anything.
This evening Mr. Boies met Judge Van
Wagenen, who was on 1 is way to Chicago,
and accompanied him to Manchester.
Judge Van Wagenen is Mr. Boies' alter
nate as delegate at lar -c, and is also in
charge of the Boies bureau in Chicago.
Neither party would talk when questioned
in regard to the situation, but Mr. Boies
said that the object of their meeting was
to talk matters over as to what was best to
be done at Chicago.
During Governor Boies' absence in
Grundy County the interview with Wil
liam C. Whitney was published, and on
his return his attention was called to a
telegram from the New York Herald ask
ing his opinion in regard to the assertions
made in it. He wired his reply to-night
as follows:
Mr. Whitnej is entirely right in his
conclusion tb;-t there is no disposition on
the part of those who will represent the
silver sentiment of the -iouth and West in
the Chicago convention to further discuss
the matter at issue dfitfa men whose views
are diametrically onro."> 4 ' to their own on
the currency question, lie is entirely cor
rect in his conclusion that it is now too
late to accomplish any practical results by
a riiscusßion of tbat character. Through
out the South and West that discussion
has been extended, and the views ex
pressed by Mr. Whitney have been put
forward by many men who entertained
them and they have been fully consid
ered and weighed, and after all of this
the judgment of an overwhelming majority
of the party in these sections is in evidence
by the class of delegates who have been
chosen to represent it in the Chicago con
vention. Not one of these men can now
disregard the known sentiment of those
who selected him without betraying the
trust confided to him, and not one of
them, in my judgment, will eyer do so.
Mr. Whitney is entirely wrong in as
suming that free-silver Democrats are for
saking the fundamental principles of
Democracy, or that what he terms sound
money Democrats are defending these
principles in their endeavor to commit
their party to gold monometallism. Until
the Republican party met in St. Louis a
few days since there was never a line writ
ten in a National platform of either of the
great parties tbat justifies the claim that
the one or the other of these parties was
committed to that doctrine.
Over and over again the Democratic
party, in National Convention assembled,
has put itself on record in the clearest and
most comprehensive language possible to
use in favor of bimetallism, in favor of the
restoration of silver to its place in our
financial system as standard money, and
never for a moment in the Congress of
the United States has a majority or any
thing like a majority of the representa
tives of that party wavered in its devotion
to the principle so ciearly enunciated in
the party platforms. To assume now that
adherence to that principle is abandon
ment of an established doctrine of that
party is to defy history and ignore the
most plainly written of all its declarations
of policy. It is useless to claim that a
tender of the good offices of the party to
secure an international agreement for the
free coinage of silver is the fulfillment of
its pledges so often made in this respect.
To the sincere believer in bimetallism
for the United States an effort of this
character ip little if anything less than an
unqualified violation of a sacred pledge by
a great political organization. If this is
all that Mr. Whitney and those who think
with him can offer it will be vastly better
that they offer nothing. When Mr. Whit
ney says tlai the maintenance of our
present gold standard is essential to the
preservation of our National credit and re
demption of our public pledges he ignores
a great truth of which he cannot be ig
norant. He knows there is not a single
obligation of this Nation outstanding to
day that by its terms is payable in gold
alone, and he knows that rieht upon the
face of the great bulk of the bonds of the
Government it is written in substance that
they are payable in coin of the United
States of the standard weight and fineness
ofits coins before silver was demonetized,
and that therefore by their own express
terms they are payable in our present sil
ver dollars, if the Government elects to so
pay them. It ia since the most of
these obligations were issued that silver
has been demonetized; whereby, if they
are to be paid in gold alone, their
value has been doubled and the burden of
the great industrial class, who must pro
vide for their payment, has been in
creased twofold. To talk about a viola
tion of National honor when no party in
the Nation has ever suggested its failure
in the least degree to meet every obliga
tion it has assumed acoording to the
strict letter of the contract it made has,
McKINLEY'S WARM WELCOME
to say the least, a strange sound to those
who heed the universal cry of distress oc
casioned as they believe by doubling the
purchasing power of money and cutting
in twain the market price of the products
of labor. If to undo what law has done to
add to the burdens of the toiling millions
of this Nation and double the fortunes of
the rich within it is to disrupt the Demo
cratic party, disruption must come. The
majority of the party threatens no wrong
to any one, and if those who compose that
majority can avoid it all may be assured
they will submit to no wrong, such as the
permanent establishment of a single gold
standard would impose upon the great
mass of the people of this Nation.
Horace Boies.
WHARTON BARKER'S IDEAS
Says Whitney's Threatened Bolt
Will Not Swerve the Purpose
of True Leaders.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., June 29.—
Wharton Barker, who has announced a
candidate for the nomination of the Presi
dency, gives to the press the following
statement:
"If I read the signs of the times aright,
Mr. Whitney's threatened bolt will not
swerve the purpose of the true leaders of
the Democratic party ; of those men who
are patriots, not partisans, who have the
welfare of the producing classes at heart,
and who revolt at the prospect of con
tinned subserviency to the money cliques.
"The fall in prices that is sapping the
wealth of our producing classes, that is
bankrupting our manufacturers, ruining
our farmers and reducing our wage-earn
ine classes to poverty must be checked and
it can only be checked by removing the
cause. That cause is the appreciation of
gold consequent on discarding silver and
throwing on gold alone the burden of ef
fecting the exchanges of the western
world and to check this appreciation we
must restore silver to its place as money,
side by side with gold.
"If the Democrats are wise, if they will
adopt a platform and nominate a candi
date who will be a platform in himself,
who stands for the restoration of silver to
its place for money, for financial and in
dustrial as well as political independence
as opposed to subserviency to foreign
money cliques and their American allies,
such candidate will receive the enthusias
tic support of bimetallists of both parties,
and will be chosen by the people as tbeir
leader by ai: overwhelming majority, for the
bolt in the Democratic party will be in
finitely small compared to the great num
ber of Populists and birretallists — hereto
fore Republicans — who will loyally and
enthusiastically support such a candidate.
If the leaders of the Democratic party at
Chicago will act so as to unite the bimetal
lists of all parties — Democrats, Populists
and Republicans — Major McKinley and
the money clique v.iil, 1 repeat, be over
whelmingly defeated."
STRENGTH OF SILVER MEN
Six Hundred and Seven Delegates
to the Convention Pledged
for White Metal.
CHICAGO, 111., June 29.— Senator
Jones, in giving out an estimate of the
strength of the silver delegates of the con
vention this evening, said he had made a
list of 607 who are pledged to vote for the
white metal.
He claimed, in addition to these, about
thirty or forty others, who are in favor of
silver, but who, owing to instructions from
State conventions, are unable to work
direct with the silver men.
The National Democratic Committee
will meet Monday to select the temporary
officers of the convention.
Among the names suggested for the
temporary chairmanship are those of
Senator Hill of New York, Senator Vilas of
Wisconsin, Senator Gray of Delaware and
Hugh C. Wallace of Washington. Sena
tor .Tories said he thought the silver men
would accept the recommendation that
Hill be made temporary chairman of the
convention.
"I believe Senator Hill is a fair man,"
Mr. Jones said, "and I would have, abso
lute confidence in hi? ability, justice.and
impartiality as a presiding officer. If he
is selected I think there will be no attempt
by the convention to take this appoint
ment out of tbe hands of the National
Committee."
Tbe name of ex-Governor Pennoyer of
Oregon is to be presented to the National
Democratic Convention as the choice of
the Western State for the Presidential
nomination. John Mullinix and John
R. Welch, both of Portland, arrived
in the city to-day to take part in
the meeting of the Bimetallic League and
during the afternoon they devoted their
time to sounding the praises of their can
didate. Dr. Mullinix said in case they
are unsuccessful in securing the nomina
tion of Mr. Pennoyer they will cheerfully
support any free-silver candidate the con
vention may name.
ENGLAND'S FOREIGN TROUBLES.
Chamberlain and Curxon Make State
ment* in the. Commons.
LONDON, Ekg., June 29.— 1n the House
of Commons this afternoon the Ri^ht
Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of
State for the Colonies, stated that a bat
taiion of rifles had been ordered to Cape
town to replace the troops which had been
ordered to proceed to Mashonaland.
Right Hon. George N. Curzon, Parlia
mentary Secretary to the Foreign Office, said
that no recent communication had been
received from Venezuela relative to the
disputed boundary. Communications, be
said, were being exchanged between the
United States and France in regard to the
abrogation of the treaty with Madagascar.
The Government had not been advised
that the United States had given up its
position in the matter. The position of
the United States and that of England, he
said, were identical, although there was
no concerted action of the two Govern
ments.
Pacific Coa*t Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 29.—Pa
cific Coast pensions have been issued as
follows:
California: Original— George E. Love
joy, Petaluma; Frederick Marquardt, San
Francisco. Original widow — Marguerite
Welch, San Francisco. Mexican War
survivor — Reissue and increase, Andrew
Simmons, San Francisco.
Washington : Original (special June
20)— William M. Wright, Tacoma.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Visit of the Notification
Committee to the
Nominee.
REJOICING AT CANTON
BY THE PEOPLE.
Thurston Tells Why the Ohio
Statesman Is Chosen as
Standard-Bearer.
SINGING WORDS IN WHICH THE
HONOR IS ACCEPTED.
Protection to American Industries and
Preservation of the Nation's
Credit Promised.
CANTON, Ohio, June 29.— The commit
tee, consisting of one member from each
State and Territory, selected at the St.
Louis Convention to convey to Major Mc-
Kinley official notification of his nomina
tion, arrived in Canton on a special train
from Cleveland at 11:30 o'clock this morn
ing. It was met at the station by the re
ception committee, and driven in open
carriages to Major McKinley's residence,
accompanied by mounted escorts.
The preparations at Major McKinley's
were simple. Seventy - five chairs had
been placed on the front lawn under the
trees facing the bouse. Major McKinley
received the members of the committee
on the veranda. The streets about the
house were filled with men, women and
children. The crowd surged in at the
gates and pressed close upon the chairs.
Senator Thurstou arose and, addressing
McKinley, announced to niru that he was
the choice of the National Repulican Con
vention for President. He predicted the
overwhelming victory of the Republican
party. Senator Thurston said:
Governor McKinley : We are here to perform
the pleasant duty assigned us by the Republi
can National Convention recently assembled
in St. Louis, that of formally notifying you of
your nomination as the candidate of the Re
publican party for the Presidency.
We respectfully request your acceptance of
this nomination and your approval of the
declaration of principles adopted by the con*
vention.
We assure you that you are the unanimous
choice of a united party, and your candidacy
will t>e immediately accepted by the country
as an absolute guaranty of Republican suc
cess. Your nomination has been made in
obedience to a popular demand, attesting the
affection and confidence of the olain people of
the United States. By common consent you
are their champion. Their mighty uprising
in your behalt emphasizes the sincerity of
their conversion to the cardinal princi
ples of protection and reciprocity, as
best exemplified in that splendid act
which justly bears your name. Under it
this Nation advanced to the very culmination
of prosperity; a prosperity shared in by all
sections, all interests and all classes; by capi
tal and labor, by producer and consumer; a
prosperity so happily in harmony with the
genius of popular government tnat its choicest
blessings were most widely distributed among
the lowliest toilers and the humblest homes. In
1892 your countrymen, unmindful of your
solemn warnings, returned that party to
power which reiterated its everlasting opposi
tion to a protective tariff and demanded the
repeal of the McKinley act.
They sowed the wind; they reaped the whirl
wind.
The sufferings and losses and disasters to the
American people from years of Demociatic
tariff are vastly greater than those which came
to them from four years of civil war. Out ot it
all one great good remains: Those who scorned
your counsels witnessed the fulfilment of your
prophecies, and even ns the scourged and re
pentant Israelites abjured their stupid idols
and resumed unquestioning allegiance to
Moses and to Moses 1 God, so now your country
men, shamed of their errors, turn to you and
to those glorious principles for which you
stand, in the full belief that your candidacy
and the Republican platform mean that the
end of the wilderness has come and the prom
ised land of American prosperity is again to
them an insured inneritance.
But your nomination mtans more than the
indorsement of a protective tariff, of reci
procity, of sound money and of honest finance,
for all of which you have so steadfastly stood.
It means an indorsement of your heroic
youth, your fruitful years of arduous public
service, your sterling patriotism, your stalwart
Americanism, your Christian character and
the purity, fidelity and simplicity of your pri
vate life. In all these things you are the typi
cal American, for all these things you are the
chosen leader of the people.
God give you strength to so bear the honors
and meet the duties of that great office for
which you are now nominated and to which
you will be elected, that your election will en
hance the dignity and power and glory of thi«
republic and for the safety, welfare and happi
ness of its liberty-loving people.
McKinley responded as follows:
Senator Thurston and gentlemen of the notl.
' fleation committee of the Republican Na
tional Convention: To be selected as its
Presidential candidate by a great party con
vention representing so vast a number of the
people oi Die United States is a most distin
guished honor tor which i would not conceal
my high appreciation, although deeply sensi
ble of the great responsibilities of the trust
and my inability to bear them without the
generous and constant support of my fellow
countrymen. Great as is the honor con
ferred, equally arduous and important Is the
duty imposed, and in accepting the one I as
sume the other, relying upon tne patriotic de
votion of the people to the best interests of
our beloved country aud the sustaining care
and aid of Him without whose support all we
do is empty and vain.
Should the people ratify the choice of the
great convention for which you speak, my
only aim will be to promote the public good,
which in America is always the good of the
greatest number, the honor of our country
and the welfare of the people.
The questions to be settled in the National
contest this year are as serious and Important
as any of the great governmental problems
that have confronted us in the past quarter of
a century. They command our sober judg
ment and a settlement free from partisan
prejudice and passion, beneficial to ourselves
and befitting the honor and grandeur of the
Republic. They touch every interest of our
common country. Our industrial supremacy,
our productive capacity, our business and com
mercial proFperity, our labor and its rewards,
cur National credit and our currency, our
proud financial honor and our splendid free
citizenship— the birthright of every American
—are all involved in the pending campaign,
and thus every home in the land is directly2
nnd intimately connected with their proper
settlement.
Great are the issues involved in the coming
election and eager and earnest the people for
their right determination. Our domestic trade
musl "■■>e won back and our idle working people
employ >d ia gainful occupations at American
wages. Our home market must De restored to
its proud rank of first in the world, and our
foreign trade, so precipitately cut off by ad
verse National legislation, reopened on fair
and equitable terms for cur surplus agricul
tural and manufactured products. Protec
tion And reciprocity, twin measures of a true
American policy, should again command the
earnest encouragement of the Government at
Washington. Public confidence must be re
sumed and the skill, the energy and the capi
tal of our country find ample employment at
home, sustained, encouraged and defended
against the unequal competition and disaa
vantges with which they are now contending.
The Government of the United States must
raise enough money to meet its current ex
penses and increasing needs. Its revenue
should be so raised as to protect the material
interests of our people, with the lightest pos
sible drain upon their resources, and maintain
that high standard of civilization which has
distinguished our country for more than a cen
tury of its existence.
The income of the Government, I repeat,
should equal its necessary and proper expen
ditures. A failure to pursue this policy has
compelled the Government to borrow money,
in a time of peace, to sustain its credit and
pay its daily expenses. This policy should be
reversed, and that, too, as speedily as possible.
It must be apparent to all, regardless of past
party ties or affiliations, that it is our par
amount duty to provide adequate revenue for
the expenditures of the Government economi
cally and prudently administered. This the
Republican party has heretofore done, and
this I confidently believe it will do in the fu
ture, when the party is again intrusted with
power in th* executive and legislative
branches ol our Government.
The National credit, which has thus far
fortunately resisted every assault upon it, must
and will be upheld and strengthened. If
sufficient revenues are supplied for the sup
port of the Government there will be do
necessity for borrowing money and increasing
the public debt. The complaint of the people
is not against the administration for borrow
ing money and issuing bonds to preserve the
credit of the country, but against the ruinous
policy which has made this necessary, owing
to the policy which has been inaugurated.
The inevitable effect of such a policy is seen
In the deficiency in the United States treas
ury, except as it is replenished by loans, and
in the distress of the people, who are suSering
because of the scant demand for either their
labor or the products of their labor.
Here is the fundamental trouble, the remedy
for which is Republican opportunity and duty.
During all the years of Republican control fol
lowing resumption there was a steady reduc
tion of the public debt, while the gold reserve
was sacredly maintained aud our currency and
credit preserved without depreciation, taint or
suspicion. If we would restore this policy that
brought us unexampled prosperity for more
than thirty years under the most trying condi
tions ever known in this country, the policy
by which we made and bought more goods at
home and sold more abroad, the trade balante
would be quickly turned in our favor and gold
would come to us and not go from us in the
settlement of all such balances in the future.
The party that supplied, by legislation, the
vast revenues for the conduct of our greatest
war, that promptly restored the credit of the
country at its close, that from its abundant
revenues paid off a large share of the debt in
curred in this war, and that resumed specie
payments and placed our papsr currency upon
a souud and enduring basis, can be safely
trusted to preserve both our credit and cur
rency with honor, stability and inviolability.
The American people hold the financial honor
of our Government as sacred as our flag, and
can be relied upon to guard it with the same
sleepless vigilance. They hold it 3 preserva
tion above party fealty, and have often demon
strated that party ties avail nothing when the
spotless credit of our country is threatened.
The money of the United States, and every
kind or form of it, whether of paper, silver or
gold, must be as good as the best in the world.
It' must not only be current at its full face
value at home, but it must be counted at par
in any and every commercial center of the
globe. The sagacious and far-seeing policy of
the great men who founded our Goverment,
the teachings and acts of our wisest financiers
at every stage in our history, the steadfast
faith and splendid achievements of the great
party to which we belong, and the genrus and
Integrity of our people have always demanded
this and will ever maintain it. The dollar
paid to the farmer, the wage-earner and the
pensioner must continue forever equal in pur
chasing and debt-paying power to the dollar
paid to any Government creditor.
The contest this year will not be waged upon
lines of theory and speculation, but in the
light of severe practical experience and new
aud dearly acquired knowledge. The great
body of our citizens know what they want,
and that they intend to have. They know for
what the Republican party stands and what
Its return to power means to them. They
realize that the Republican party believes that
our work should be done At home and not
abroad, and everywhere proclaim their devo
tton to the principles of a protective tariff,
whicu, while supplying adequate revenues for
the Government, will restore American pro
duction and serve the best interests of Ameri
can labor and development. Our appeal
therefore is not to a false philosophy of vain
theorists, but to the masses of the American
peopie, the plain, practical people whom Lin
coln loved and trusted and whom the Repub
lican party has always faithfully striven to
serve.
The platform adopted by the National
Republican Convention has received my care
ful consideration and has my unqualified ap
proval. It is a matter of gratification to me,
as I am sure it must be to you and Republicans
everywhere, and to our people everywhere,
that the expression of its declaration of prin
ciples are so direct, clear and emphatic. They
are too plain and positive to leave any chance
for doubt or question as to their purport and
meaning. Bnt you will not expect me to dis
cuss its provisions at length or in any detail at
this time. It will, however, be my duty and
pleasure at some future day to make to you,
and through you to the great party you rep
resent, a more formal acceptance of the nomi
nation tendered me.
No one could be more profoundly grateful
than I for the manifestation of public confi
dence of which you have so eloquently spoken.
It shall be my aim to attest this appreciation
by an unsparing devotion to what I esteem
the best Interests of the people, and In this
work I ask the counsel and support of you,
gentlemen, and of every other friend of the
country. The generous expressions with
which you. sir, convoy the official notice of
my nomination sre highly appreciated and as
fully reciprocated, and I thank you and your
asssociates of the notification committee and
the great party and convention at whose in
stance you come for the high and exceptional
distinction bestowed upon me.
Major McKinley read his speech in a
clear, far-reaching voice. He was listened
to intently. He was compelled to halt
several times by reason of the loud ap
plause and cheers.
After McKinley'a speech H. H. Smith
of Michigan presented to him the gavel
used by Chairman Thurston of the St.
Louis Convention.
At the end of the speeches the notifica
tion committee sat down to luncheon,
which was served iv a large tent in tlie
rear of the lawn.
While the notification committee was at
lunch the Columbus delegation, 400 strong,
marched up. Congressman D. K. Watson
of Columbus made a speech in behalf of
the visiting delegation. Major McKinley
made a graceful response and presented
several members of the notification com
mittee. The first was Benator Thurston.
He was greeted with hearty cheers and
made a brief speech, in the course of
which he said:
"Pour years ago the Democratic party
said to the American people: 'Give us
free trade and new industries and fac
tories will open,' but they closed. They
said: 'Give us free trade and there will be
increased employment for American men."
but there was increased idleness instead.
They said: 'Give us iree trade and wajes
will rise,' but they failed to rise. They
said: 'Give us free trade and business
will boom,' but it busted. [Laugh
ter and applause.] To-day, in the
light of their past experiences it is abso
lutely necessary to abandon their old posi
tion, and they now say, 'Give us free sil
ver, and all these glorious results will fol
low.' Don't you think that in the light
of their past reputation and bankruptcy
you had better have a little collateral se
curity before you accept their new promise
of American prosperity? The Republican
party stands for a dollar in which there
shall be an American eagle, but with no
feathers dragged in the dust. [Applause.]
The Republican party declares that the
labor which is to be done for the people of
the United States shall be done by the
people of the United States, under the
Stars and Stripes." [Cheers.]
The crowd refused to disperse, so Major
McKinley introduced ex-Senator Frank
Hiscock and a number of other comniit
temen, all of whom made happy speeches.
Henry L. Wilson of the State of Wash
ington said:
"The Republicans of my section have
been deeply interested in the subject of
silver, but they recognize the fact that the
Republicans of the United States assem
bled in one magnificent parliament are
greater in their wisdom than the Repub
licans of any section."
Mark Hunna was called for frequently
and vigorously during the afternoon. He
finally appeared on the porch and said:
"I am glad to meet you all — especially the
ladies. [Cheers and laughter.] I have
listened to the distinguished gentlemen
who have addressed you with much in
terest, and who bear in mind the promises
they have made, and will see to it that
they perform their promises."
It was nearly 4 o'clock when the notifi-
cation committee left Governor McKin
ley's hospitable home.
MR. MANLEY DECLINES.
Cannot Accept the Secretaryship
of the National Executive
Committee.
CANTON, Ohio, June 29.— J. H. Manley
of Maine has written a letter declining to
be secretary of the Republican National
executive committee on the ground that
the position ought to be held by some one
more closely connected with Major Mc-
Kinley. Colonel Osborne of Boston will
probably be selected for the place. It is
understood that Mr. Quay was offered the
chairmanship of the same committee and
that he declined to accept the honor.
DISINTEGRATION CERTAIN.
f Contintied from Fint Page.\
no more rightfully demonetize one metal
than it can both: and I believe that the
constitution requires that measures shall
be adopted by Congress which will enable
the coins made from both metals to cir
culate side by side as part at least of our
medium of exchange. I believe the United
States should stand ready at ail times to
co-operate with other nations in the estab
lishment of silver as primary money
by international agreement. Ido not
believe there is any hope whatever that
further action on its part under present
conditions would result in any good. Sil
ver was demonetized by the separate and
independent action of each of the nations
that struck it down. If it is ever remone
tized that act, in my judgment, wiil be
accomplished in the same way. Some
strong nation will set the example; others
will follow."
Ex-Secretary Whitney, who is one of the
shrewdest observers in the Democratic
party, practically concedes the victory to
the silver men and the disruption of the
Democratic party.
George W. Allen, delegate at large from
Missouri, arrived this morning and took
up his quarters at the Auditorium. When
asked as to the chances of his favorite can
didate, Bland, he replied:
•'A silver cyclone has swept over the
country and Bland is right in the center of
it. He is the original silver man, and has
fought the battles of the friends of the
white metal for twenty-two years, having
served continually in Congress during that
time. The Missouri delegates to a man
have declared for him, and we will make a
big showing when the Bland Club arrives.
One St. Louis organization expects to send
2000 men here, and there will probably be
another thousand from other parts of the
State.
"1 do not expect Whitney's threat or
manifesto to have any very serious effect,
for he will find a different situation here
from anything that has heretofore con
fronted him. If the silver men are in con
trol, as it now seems certain tbat they will
be, they will have no trouble. The plat
form will be 16 to 1 and no compromise.
If there is a bolt from the convention it
will not amount to much. Of course the
gold men will have to bolt if they are not
willing to support the ticket, but after
they have put up as mnch of a front as
possible I expect they will drop into line.
The actual hard work at our headquarters
will begin Wednesday; from then we will
be a part of the show. Next Monday night
we will have a big parade and the dele
gates can form some idea of Eland's
strength."
Senator Shelby M. Cullom said that the
Democrats were going to make fools of
themselves just as they did in 1872:
"Thcv ■• ill resolve in favor of free and
unUm i.iage and they will nominate
some crunk. I don't know which crank,
but some one out of the numerous herd —
and then their party goes to pieces. The
Easterners will not stand the silver non
sense and, although we will lose some
votes and some of the Western States, we
will gain ten votes where we will lose one,
and McKinley will be elected by an over
whelming majority."
John Paul Cosgravi.
APPEASING THE KNIGHTS.
Boles' Boomers Say Their Candi
date Is All Right With the
Labor Element.
CHICAGO, 111., June 29.— One of the
incidents of the day was a conference of C.
A. Walsh, secretary of the lowa State Cen
tral Committee and a delegate-at-large,
with Grand Master Workman Sovereign of
the Knights of Labor, with reference to
the reported antagonism of the knights
and other labor organizations toward Mr.
Boies on account of his public utterances
at the time of the great railway strike,
upholding the action of President Cleve
land in sending soldiers to Chicago. The
Boies boomers are also said to be con
cerned because they had beard of a peti
tion which was being signed by Chicago
Democrats, addressed to the county cen
tral committee, urging them to take up
arms against Boies on that account, for
the purpose of keeping the Illinois delega
tion away from lowa's candidate.
Neither party to the conference would
speak as to the result, but the Boies men
said everything was all right with the
labor people, and Mr. Walsh said: "There
is absolutely no truth ia these stones
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JVJSK 3U, 189(5.
about trouble between Mr. Boies and or
ganized labor. Mr. Boies has been a good
and consistent friend of labor, and he will
have the unstinted support of that ele
ment."
Ex-Mayor Hopkins, one of the gold
standard leaders in Cook County, said to
day that the gold men would appear
before tne National committee on creden
tials and demand the seating of their dele
gates in cases where contests existed.
Ex-Senator John Martin, chairman of
the Kansas delegation , arrived to-day from
Topeka. He would not say what candi
date he favored, but declared the nominee
would be a straight out free-silver man.
Ha exclaimed as to the two-thirds ma
jority rule for the election of a nominee:
"If I had my way about it the two -thirds
rule would not last a minute. The ma
jority ought to rule. It is all a mistake to
say that this rule is fastened on the party
forever. The precedent was established in
1844 and then it was done to defeat Van
Buren as a trick. Kansas is a unit for free
silver. There was some gold Democrats in
our State, but they were squarely beaten
and in a manly way acknowledged it."
Congressman Towley said, when asKed
about the silver men's attitude toward
the two-thirds rule: "I think the two
thirds rule will stand. We can control
two-thirds of the voting delegates. I
think there is no ground for the apprehen
sion aroused on that score."
The figures compiled by the Bland
managers gave ninety-eight delegates in
structed for the "silver-dollar" man, 123
pledged and 151 whom they have ' ; reason
to expect" will support him, Kentucky
and Ohio being credited in the Bland col
umn on the second ballot. This makes a
total of 372 votes claimed for Bland on the
second ballot.
ALLOTTING THE SPACE.
All the Claimants for Seats In the
Convention Cannot Ba
Accommodated.
CHICAGO, 111., June 2«. — Messrs.
Sheerin, Pratber, Sherley, Wall and Wal
lace of the National sub-committee spent
part of the day at tho Colisseum, allotting
the space to be used by tne press associa
tions and the telegraph companies under
the platform, and the "working press"
section, where provision has been made
for 428 seats. To-morrow the troublesome
work of assigning the number of seats to
be given the newspapers* of the country
will engross the whole time of the sub
committee which has that in charge.
"There are 2000 applications for these
423 seats," said Committeeman Wallace of
Washington to the United Press reporter
to-night, "and there will be plenty of dis
appointed ones."
Senator Turpie of Indiana arrived at the
Palmer House this evening as the advance
agent of Governor Claude Matthews. He
came also to attend the meeting of the
National bimetallic committee of the
party, being a member of the central exec
utive committee. He had nothing new to
say as io the strength aud position of Indi
ana's candidate for the Presidency, and
in what he did say of the party situation
financially he was "silver tongued."
To the company of distinguished Demo
crats at the Sherman House was added to
night Senator Isham G. Harris of Tennes
see, chairman of the bimetallic corurni tee.
Two of the bolting Republican Senators,
Pettigrew of South Dakota and Dubois of
Idaho, were late arrivals at the Great
Northern Hotel. They are here ostensibly
in the interest of their leader ia the seces
sion movement, Senator Teller, but they
did not say anything new on that line for
publication. The Idaho Senator sent a
message to Governor Altgeld asking for a
meeting, and there will probably be one
held to-morrow with the Illinois Demo
cratic silver leaders, when the caucus of
the Illinos delegation comes off, to decide
on the general plan of action in the con
vention.
PENNOYER IN THE RACE.
Oregon Delegates Will Present His
Name for the Nomination at
Chicago.
PORTLAND, Or., June 21).— Oregon's
eight delegates to the National Democratic
Convention at Chicago will very likely
present the name of ex-Governor Sylvester
Pennoyer for the Presidency. It depends
upon his chances for the nomination,
which himself admits are slim. But if the
fight between Bland, Boise and Sibley ties
up the convention and there is a chance
to work Pennoyer in as a compromise
candidate it will be done.
The chief fight for Pennoyer will be
made for the Vice-Presidential nomina
tion. The delegates consider that he
stands the best chance and will argue that
he is the natural connecting link v?ith the
Populists. He has just been elected
Mayor of Portland by a large plurality,
which gives him greater strength. Speak
ing about the nomination to-day he said:
"I am not seeking the nomination, be
cause there is little chance for a Western
man, but there is an opportunity to secure
the Vice-Presidential nomination."
Five of the Oregon delegates, who con
trol the eight through the unit rule, favor
Sibley of Pennsylvania for first place, if
there ia no hope for Pennoyer. Unless
some deal concerning Pennoyer for the
Vice- Presidency is made at Chicago, they
will vote for Sibley. Their first choice for
the ticket is Pennoyer and Sibley, while
their second choice is Sibley and Pennoyer.
They are all opposed to the nomination of
Teller, insisting that the Democratic Con
vention must name a Democrat. All are,
of course, for free silver, and will vote for
such platform as Populists and silver Re
publicans will endorse.
ARMS RETIKEMENTS.
Several Pretiaio Officer* Mutt Undergo
J'hygical txntnination.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 29.—Cap
tain Healy of the Bear, who was recently
suspended from the revenue cutter ser
vice, has asked for leave of absence from
the United States. It is his intention to
visit St. Petersburg, Rus9ia.
It is understood in army circles that in
furtherance of the policy of the War De
partment to find places in the army for
West Point graduates a large number of
officers will soon be ordered before medi
cal boards with a view to their retirement
on appearance of physical disability. Sev
eral officers of the Fifth Artillery, sta
tioned at the Presidio of San Francisco,
will be ordered before the board.
Lieutenant Lucien Young will leave here
Thursday for San Francisco, whence he
will sail for China to join the cruiser De
troit, to which he will be attached for the
next two years at least.
Iron aud Steel Wage Scale,
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 29.— The iron
and steel sheet wage scale was agreed upon
and signed by the manufacturers and
workers to-day. A3 finally settled the
scale is substantially the same as last year,
although some modifications relating to
the extras were made. The conference
was harmonious. ,
Jewelry Thieve* Sentenced.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 29.-Judge
Cowing in the Court of General Sessions
this morning sentenced William Turner
and William Robert Dunlap to nine years
each in the State Prison on their plea of
guilty. They stole $60,000 worth of jew
elry from 1. lowusend Burden.
ARE SKURRYING
TOWARD CHICAGO.
Silver Men Will Watch the
the Proceedings of the
Democrats.
BIG MOVES TO BE MADE.
Important Conferences of the Bi
metallic Leaders Are
Arranged.
SENATOR STEWART SILENT..
But Ha Will Net Overlook Anything
That Will Benefit White-
Metal Champions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 29.— The
coming week is going to be an eventful
one politically. Many important moves
will be made on the great political checker
board.
Skurrying toward Chicago to-day are
Governor John P. Altgeld of Illinois, Who Will Be a Powerful Factor in
Naming the Democratic Presidential Candidate.
many political leaders of both sides, but
the majority of them are silver men, billed
to take part in various conferences during
the week. The first of these conferences
will be held to-morrow. It will be made
up of membsrs of the Democratic Bimetal
lic League, of which Senator Harris is
chairman, and one member of each State
delegation. Senator Harris left here last
night for Chicago. He declined to talk
about his plans or plans of silver men.
The meeting to-morrow was called some
time ago by Senator Jones of Arkansas.
The purpose of it is to go over the situa
tion and compare views. No effort, it is
tnoupht, will be made to tnrn the confer
ence into a machine for the benefit of any
man. The most important thing to be
considered will be how best to resist the
fight to be made by the gold-standard
men under Whitney's leade:s iip, and
how best to unite the various silver ele
ments under the Democratic banner. This
is the most perplexing question before the
silver men. They want the support of sil
ver Republicans, Populists and all classes
of silver men, and the object of various
conferences throughout the coming week
will be to decide the best plan to attain
this end without sacrHicipg the principles
of the Democratic party.
The silver Democrats can easily find out
what the Populists and silver Republi
cans want. The leaders of these parties
will be in Chicago in droves. Senator
Stewart will leave here lor Chicago to
morrow. *
Dr. Mott, chairman of the American
Silver Organization, will be there to-mor
row or next day. He has called a meet
ing of the National Committee of his
party to be held in Chicago. The object of
the meeting is to lay before the Demo
cratic silver leaders what they want.
It is even said that the committee will
be on hand when the nomination is made
co as to at once decide what will be the
course of the silver party. General War
ner, tne head of the same party, will also
be on hand. Senators Dubois and Cannon
and Representatives Allen, Hartman and
Towne are expected to De either close to
Chicago or in close communication with
that city.
Representative Hartman's plan some
lime ago was to take several hundred
Western silver Republicans to tne conven
tion. Thera will be hundreds of silver
men in Chicago from now on who are not
delegates. They will be there to confer
with the silver majority in the conven
tion. The gold-standard leaders will not
show up in large numbers till the end of
the week, unless they change their plans.
Mr. Whitney will leave New York Thurs
day.
It is noticeable that all talk of com
promise comes from gold-standard men.
So far not a silver leader has given out a
word advocating compromise of any kind.
There is a strong feeling among such men
as Governor Altgeld and Senator Tiliman
that it would benefit the Democratic
ticket to have the gold men bolt tne con
vention. That's what they want, they
say. It would remove all doubt, they claim,
that the gold men had anything to do
with naming the nominee.
There is again talk about the gold men
picking up Vice- President Stevenson as
the compromise candidate. This talk was
indulged in months ago. The opinion of
Colonel William R. Morrison is that a sil
ver man will be named. They rather think
it will be Boies or Bland.
"Senator Stewart will remain at Chicago
until the Democratic Convention has acted,
when he will pass judgment on the plat
form and nominees. He talked freely to
night, strongly advocating the nomination
of Teller or of Sibley. It will be observed,
however, from somewhat cautions remarks
of the Senator that he does not say he will
not support Bland or Boies, or whoeter
else may be the nominee of the
convention. He favors Teller first, but
does not declare that if Teller or Sibley is
not nominated, he will favor another
nominee by the combined silver conven
tion which meet at St. Louis July 22. and
to which he is a delegate from Nevada.
The Senator, it is thought, is placing him
self where he can watch developments
after the convention.
Senator Stewart declined to discuss the
proposition to give the Populists and sil
ver Republicans the second place on the
Democratic ticket. C. C. Cablton.
MINISTER FOUANS RETUEN.
Retires to a Hospital in Search of
Rett.
NEW 'tfORK, N. V., June 29.— General
Pierce M. Young, Minister to Honduras
and Guatemala, arrived here on the
steamer Advance last Monday, stayed one
day at the Hotel Marlborough and then
went to the Presbyterian Hospital. He
took all precautions to keep his presence
in the city a secret. At the hospital he
gave instructions tbat all questioners
should be informed that he was seeking
rest.
General Young is about 60 years of age,
and distincuished himself during the
Civil War. In 1885 he was appointed Con
sul-General to St. Petersburg by President
Cleveland, but resigned after remaining i
there for two years. In 1893 President
Cleveland appointed him Minister to the
two Central American States.
For the Murder of Ilia Wife.
ATLANTA, Ga.. June 29.— John Mc-
Cullough, a farmer in Clayton County, was
arrested yesterday charged with murder
ing his wife. Her body was found yester
day afternoon in a field. McCullouzhsaid
that she had gone to pick berries, and sug
gested that she had been murdered by a
negro. His neighbors, how-ver, suspect
that he killed her to get $2000 insurance
on her life.
CAPSIZED ON THE LAKE,
Boys in a Beat Meet With a
Fatal Disaster on Mas
sapoag.
One Lad Rescues Another, but Others
Are Drowned During the
Confusion.
SHARON, Mass., June 20.— What was
intended to be a week's enjoyable outing
was brought to an abrupt and sad close at
Lake Massapoag this afternoon. Assistant
Pastor Rev. Joseph Maxwell, Choir
master Frederick Brackett, Clerk George
R. Keyes and sixteen choirboys of St.
John's Episcopal Church, Charlestown,
came to Sharon by team to-day to camp
out at LaKe Massapoag for a week. After
dinner Mr. Brackett and six of the boys
went out in a boat. A little boy named
Parker fell overboard. Frank Cox, a
bright little fellow of 13, immediately
jumped after him, swam ashore, got a rope
and by means of it, saved the Parker boy,
but in the confusion resulting from the
accident the boat was overturned and Mr.
Brackett and the four other boys were
thrown in the water. None of the party
save the Cox boy could swim, and before
help could reach them from the shore all
five were drowned:
The names of the drowned are: Fred
wrick Brackett, Thomas Parker, Harry
Lacker, William S. Atkins, Benjamin
Gibbs.
FOUR HOTS GROWNED.
Sad Accident on the Wattr front of
Boston.
BOSTON, Mass., June 29.— One of the
sadest accidents in the history of the Bos
ton water front occurred at Castle Island,
off City Point, this afternoon. At about
2:30 o'clock seventy-five children were on
a rickety, unsafe gangplank and float at
the landing south of the bridge from the
point to the island, when the flaat over
turned, the ilimsy guard rails of the gang
plank split and thirty or more of the chil
dren were tumbled into the wafer. Four
boys were drowned, four children were
picked up unconscious and later revived,
and the others as far as known were s-aved.
The dead are: James S. Washburn, 9
years of age; James F. Cole, 11 years;
Lawrence McDowell, 12 years; an un
known lad of about 12 years.
The injured are: Lillian Duffy, 11 years;
Hnrry Sampson, 10 years.
To-day was to be observed as Farragut
day in South Boston, and in honor of the
event the South Boston Historical Society
had distributed a large number of buttons
r.mong the children, entitling them to a
free ride on a steamer from City Point
to Castle Island. As a result tiie
little steamer was crowded on her trips
during the afternoon, and so early did the
fush begin that the police force detailed
for afternoon duty at Castle Island had
not arrived when the little steamer Ella,
Captain E. W. Weber, arrived at the float
with a big list of children passengers from
the point at 2:30 o'clock and began to un
load them on the float just as fifty chil
dren on the granite pier started on a ran
down the gangplank to go aboard. The
two crowds met, the float upset, the gang
plant split aud the accident occurred.
Killed by a Trolley Car.
ATLANTA, Ga., June 29. — Herman
Franklin, 17 years old, was killed by a
trolley-car at Pryor and Mitchell streets
to-day. The boy was on hia bicycle and
went down the Mitchell hill rapidly, as he
wag on his way to a doctor to have hi-
hand dressed, which had just been cut.
He did not see the Pryor-street car until
it was within a few feet of him. He could
not swerve out of the way. and endeav
ored to cross the track in front of the
car. It struck liiru and crushed him to
death.
MR. BAYARD SPEAKS AGAIN.
Unveiling Ceremony in England in When
the Embassador and Many Americans
Participated.
LONDON, Exglaxp, June 29. — The town
of Gainsborough, in Lincolnshire, was the
scene to-day of a ceremony of interest to
Americans. This was the unveiling of a
memorial stone in the John Kobinson
Church, so named after the Rev. John
Kobinson, "Pastor of the Pilgrim Fathers,"
who, after severing his connection with
the established church in 1614, connected
himself with a body of dissenters in Gains
borough.
Among those present were the Hon.
Thomas F. Bayard, American Ambassa
dor, and the American Pilgri.ns, who
recently arrived in England for the pur
pose of visiting scenes of interest con
nected with the Pilgrims.
When Mr. Bayard arrived he was pre
sented with an address of welcome from
the Municipal Council, in reply to which
he repeated the sentiments heretofore ex
pressed by him, and said that the entente
between the United States and Great
Britain was strengthened by such occa
sions as the present.
He added tiiat if there was anything un
patriotic in the sentiment he gave voice
to, he was willing to meet and answer any
charge that might be made against him.
At iunciieon, after the toast oi "The !
Queen" had been drunK, Earl Brownlow,
Lord Lieutenat <>f Lancashire, pror>osed
the toast, "Tne President of the United
States," to which Embassador Bayard
made a felicitous response. He said there
could be no higher aim for Anglo- American
statesmanship than to preserve the condi
tions existing between America and Great
Britain.
DECEIVED BY A. WIDOW.
Postal Authorities Take a Hand in a
iSpoiled Romance.
NEW ORLEANS, La., June 29. — A
unique violation of the postal law has been
developed. Postoffice Inspector Dye, in
charge of this division, received a com
plaint against Mrs. Sophie Hoffman, a
widow of Austin, Tex., charging that some
time ago she beguiled a young man of an
other State by letter-writing to fall in love
with her. Photographs were exchanged
and marriage agreed upon. Unaware that
she was violating section 334 of the postal
laws, relative to using the mails for im
proper purposes, she rea nested her fiancee
to send railroad fare and funds for other
necessary expenses, so that she might
meet him and be married. The money
was sent, and at that moment the widow,
the young man claims, was as mute as the
harp that hung on Tara's wall. The de
ceived man put the matter in the bands
of the postoffice authorities, and Mrs. Hoff
man was arrested at Austin by Inspector
Woods and is now in jail.
Marred by Accident.
BOSTON, Mass.. June 29.— The steamer
Servia sailed for England to-day with one
of the largest and most expensive excur
sions that ever left America. It carried
the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Com
pany of Boston, which will be entertained
by the Anoient and Honorable Artillery
Company of London, of which the Prince
of Wales is commander.
A bad accident marred the departure of
the excursion. At City Park, South Bos
ton, this afternoon, a wharf, upon which a
large number of persons had gathered to
view thedeparture of the Servia, collapsed,
precipitating thirty persons into the water.
Two were drowned, but all the Others
were saved. Suveral were badly hurt, two
fatally.
nw to-dat:
luusoi&ca
Factory Prices!
OUTING SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
FANCY SHIRTS,
WHITE SHIRTS,
SUMMER UNDERWEAR,
SWEATERS,
HOSIERY, ETC.
748 ASD 750 MARKET STREET, S.F.
242 MOXTCOIERI MREET, S. P.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO.
BLACKWELL'S , W MT
1 vmiM I ftllPUlll
Hoi feLflCKflfr l^ UI ™*
■^^piv P^^' A mo fjo OTHEf?
I DURHAM >^> -, - j!fli^ v^w _ z ll —^.
100 wlli find one coupon / **^^jf i iiflfln\l\
In stile each two ounce bag, I ' j?— --, ' : V^jfl f^jT 31 '
•nd two coupon* Inside each //yf^mm *^Ffffj nil I
f Your : ounce '. bag of Black- .*' - / /%f^ ||i //'' llUnj' I -_ - gfi
well's Durham. Buy • bag V"_*— .- a ./.-c!^_3 2^3 TrL~- ' fisH
of this celebrated tobacco v^^^A^RJ^^^^Jß
and read the coupon— which. M^^W^^A^g?"*'^^^ll^i = ' '* '
gives a list of valuable pres- ll? ! FlpW^^-S=Tl^f f^P^Wm'- :> : ' : :
cats and how to get them. |l PP^ '"IN™ H | '.j»' I - ~ ' t||l ''•■■■"
Is the light that will bring a great , hi-
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong. and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Ilndvan is for
man. The great Hud van is to be ba4 only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can pet it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America. • '
HUDYAN 13 purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous i<v itch ings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
i emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 1 - 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. \
Prematurenesa means iniDOtency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
ped in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAfNTED BLOOD— impure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sor ••
producing germs. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
failinsr hair. You can save a trip (a Ho Spring!
by writing for "Blood Book ' to the old physicians
or the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
A OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TIIK
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON' THE
Slstdayof December, A. X). 1895, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuait
to the provisions of sections 810 and 611 of the
Political Code, con tensed as per blank tarnished
by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. ' $385,985 73
Cash Market Value of all Slocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,549,50? 50
Cash in Company's Office 1.129 88
Cash in Banks 127,201 61
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion.. : 244,436 33
Total assests : »a,307,866 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $70,460 18
Losses in process of Adjustment or
inSuspense 119,953 00
Losses resisted including expenses.. 38,589 95
Gross premiums on Kire Kisks run-
- nins one year or less, $1,645,-
-, 961 90. reinsurance 50 i>ercent. . 772,980 9&
Gross premiums on Fire V.isles run-
" '- -ninV tamre tmnonr yonr, <p«»i»r •— *-"-"■
• -766 10. reinsurance pro rata . . i 490,830 63
All other demiinds against the Com-
pany 45,000 00 (
Total liabilities $1.537,814 70
income; .
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums. $1,898,651-48
Received for interest and dividends '";-.v--
on Bonds. ."Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 65,964 28
Received for Hunts 3.143 83
Total income • $1,966,059 52
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fin- Losses — $1,113,679 61
Paid or allowed for Commission or
8r0kerage........... 313,603 94
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other '
charge* for Ollicer*, Clerks, etc.. 171,951 03
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 42.957 06
All other payments and expenditure.* 149.964 34
. Total expenditures 792.156 87
Fire Losses Incnrrel .
during the year. ...81,062.339 00
' bisks <& FRKMirm. Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Kisksj
written during the
year $224,395,432 $2,581,042 13
Net amount Of Risks
i expired during the
year 217,651,084 2,562.295 59
Net amount in force
Decemb.-r 31,1895 208.943.226; 2,428,728 09
E. LITCHFIELD, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th day
of January. 1896. _ ■',
C. K. VALENTINE, Notary Public.
MAI & WIIM, Managers,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
I. E. Corner California and Sansome Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO CAIi.
BKfTT|r^n||^jre Turoat, Pimples, CopP«T|j|
■HAVE I UU colored Spots, Aches, OldSores.g
Racers in Mouth. Hair-Vollin*! Write COOBM
Hr£H£DV CO., SOT Masonic TempleM
■Chlcugo, 111., for proofs of cures. CapHH
Htul, 8500,000. Worst cases cured in 15H
bSilo 35 day*. 100-page boote free* f;
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB D AMI AN A BITTEKS, TK4
grew Mexican Remedy; «IVM JiMIU *•*
euentfiu to Uut ttaxual organ*ENCYCLICAL OF
POPE LEO XIII
Cardinal Gibbons Gives an
Abstract to the
Press.
OF GREAT IMPORTANCE.
" Reunion of All the Christian
Churches "Is the Text of
the Letter.
A REPLY Tf MR. GLADSTONE.
The Document Is Addressed to All
Bishops in Communion With
the Holy See.
BALTIMORE, Mb., June 29.— Cardinal
Gibbois gave to the press this evening a
copy ->f the summary of Pope Leo's en
cyclical letter on the reunion of all the
Cnrstian churches. His Holiness evi
dently had in mind the recent letter of
rim. William E. Gladstone, the English
statesman and churchman, and the letter
/jay be considered a reply thereto.
His Eminence received the advance
sheets of this very important document on
Saturday, and personally directed its
translation. The letter, at the Pope's re
quest, will be given publicity throughout
Lurope and America to-morrow.
The encyclical i.» addressed by his Holi
ness. Pope Leo XIII, to all Bishops in
communion with the Holy See. The ab
stract follows :
"he Holy Father, intent upon the work of
bringing all to the one fold of Christ, con
sic ers that it would conduce to that end were
hf to set before the peoples of the Christian
world the ideal and exemplar of the church as
divinely constituted, to which church all are
xiund by God's command to belong.
In accordance with his usual providence,
God makes use of human instruments to effect
the sanctiflcation and elevation of men. To
■hig end not only did he take upon himself
human nature, but in order to perpetuate his
mission th« Son of God chose apostles and
disciples whom he had trained that they
might faithfully hand down his teachings and
commands to those who desired the blessings
he had purchased for mankind by his death.
In commanding "the apostles and their suc
cessors to the end of time to teach and rule the
nations, he ordered the nations to accept and
obey their authority.
In Scripture the chun n is called a "body,"
and the body of Christ. It is visible as being
a living and organized society and is animated
by the invisible vital principle of supernat
ural life. Those, therefore, who either deny
that Christ's church is a visible body or refuse
to allow that it has "tho perennial communi
cation of the gifts of divine grace" are equally
"in a grievous and pernicious error." The
"connection and union of both elements is as
absolutely necessary to the true church as the
intimate union of the soul and body Is to
human nature, and as this is the essential
constitution of the church, according to God's
Trill— \. H ** *Ui* .l*-r-»>rr> i n..ii that If las? till the
end of time — this it must possess at the present
day.
It is obviously of the first importance to de
termine what Christ wished his church to be
and what in fact he made it. According to this
criterion it is the unity of the Christian
church which must necessarily be considered,
for it is certain that "he who founded it wished
it to be one."
The mission of Christ was to cave "not some
nations or peoples only, but the whole human
race, without distinction of time or place."
Hence, as the mission of his church was to
hand down through every age the blessing of
this salvation by the will of its founder, it is
necessary that this church should be one in
al! lands and at all times.
"A church which should embrace all men,
everywhere and at all times, was clearly fore
told by the prophet Isaiah and was typified in
our Lord's mystical body — a body united to
himself as head; a mystical body, the members
of which if separated one from the other can
not be united with one and the same heed,"
and so another heal like the Christ is another
Christ and must be invented, if besides the
one church, which is his body, men wish to
set up another.
Furthermore, "He who made this one church
also gave it unity; that is, he made it such
that all who are to belong to it must be united
by the closest bonds bo as to form one society,
one kingdom, one body." And he willed that
this unity among his followers should be so
perfect "that it might in some measure shadow
forth the union between himself and his
lather."
As a necessary consequence, in his divine
wisdom, he ordained in his church unity of
faith— a virtue which is the first of those bonds
which unite man to God and whence we re
ceive the name oi the faithful. The nature of
this unity of faith must andean be ascertained
from the commands and teachings of Christ
himself. The mere possession of the Scrip
tures is not sufficient to insure unity of belief,
"not merely because of the nature of the doc
trine itself and the mysteries it involves, but
also because of the divergent tendencies of
the human mind and the disturbing element
of conflicting passions."
"It was necessary that there should bean
other principle" to insure union of minds in
the Christian church, and it is consequently
proper to inquire which of the many means
by which Christ our Lord could have secured
this unity he in fact adopted.
It is the duty of all followers of Christ not
merely to accept his doctrines generally, "but
to assent with their entire mind to all and
every point of it, since it is unlawful to with
hold faith from God, even in regard to the one
single point."
Christ endowed his apostles with authority
like to his own and promised that the spirit of
truth should direct them and remain with
them forever, and because of this commission
"it is no more allowable to repudiate one iota
'f the apostles' teaching than to reject any
I>oint of the doctrine of Christ himself."
This apostolic mission was intended for the
salvation of the whole human race, and conse
quently must last to the end oi time. The
magisterium instituted by Christ in his church
was by 'iod's will perpetuated in the successors
appointed by the apostles, and in like manner
the duty of accepting and professing all that
is thus taught is also "perpetual and immu
table."
There is Bothing which the church founded
on those principles he has been more careful
to guard than the integrity of the faith. The
fathers of the church are unanimons in con
sidering as oiustde the Catholic communion
any one who in the least degree deviates from
even one point of the doctrine proposed by the
authoritative magisterium ol the church.
Wherefore Christ instituted in the church a
living authoritative and lasting magisterium.
He willed and commanded under the gravest
penalties that its teachings should be received
as if they were his own. As often, therefore,
as it is declared on the authority of this teach
ing that this or that is contained in the de
posit of divine revelation, it must be believed
by everyone as true.
The very nature of divine faith makes it im
possible that we can reject even one point of
direct teaching, as this is practically rejecting
the authority of God himself.
Christ commanded the men, present and
future, to follow him as their leader and
Savior, and thus, not merely as individuals,
but as iormiug & society organised and united
n srind, he established in the church all
th^se principles which necessarily tend to
irake organized human societies and through
vhich they attain the perfection to each ; that
in ihe church founded by Christ "all who
wished to be the sons of God by adoption
might attain to perfection demanded by their
high calling and might obtain salvation."
The church is "man's guide to whatever per
tains to heaven. This is the office appointed
to it by God: That it may watch over and
may order all that concerns religion and may
without let or hinderance exercise according
to its judgment its charge over Christianity.
Wherefore they who pretend that the church
has any wish to interfere in civil matters or to
infringe upon the rights of the state either
know it not or wickedly calumniate it."
Besides being the guardian of faith, the
church must afford the means of obtaining
the salvation purchased by Christ. The dis
pensation of the divine mysteries was not
granted by God indiscriminately to all Chris
tians, but the Apostles and their successors,
and, In this way, according to God's provi
dence, duly constituted society "was formed
oufrof the divided multitudes of peoples— one
in faith, one in end, one in the participation
of the means adapted to the attainment of the
end, and one a subject to one and the same
authority."
"As no true and perfect human society can
be conceived which is not governed by some
supreme authority," so Christ of necessity
gave to his church a supreme authority to
which all Christians must be obedient. For
the preservation of unity there must be unity
of government Jure divino, and men may be
placed outside the one fold by schism as well
as by heresy.
The nature of this supreme authority can be
ascertained from the.positive and evident will
of Christ. As he willed that his kingdom
should be visible, Christ was obliged to desig
nate a vice-gerent on earth in the person of St.
Peter. He also determined that the authority
given to him for the salvation of mankind in
perpetuity should be inherited by St. Peter's
successors.
It cannot be doubted from the words ot Ho:y
Writ that the church by the will of God rests
on St. Peter as a building on its foundation.
St. Peter could not fulfill this duty "without
the power of commanding, forbidding, judg
ing, which is properly called jurisdiction." it
is by the power of jurisdiction that nations
and commonwealths are held together. A
primacy of honor and the shadowy right of
giving advice and admonition, which is called
direction, could never be unity or strength to
any society of men.
The metaphorical expressions of "the keys"
and of "binding and loosing" indicate the
power of making laws, of judging and punish
ing — a power which our Lord declares to be of
such amplitude and force "that God would
ratify whatever is decreed by it."
Thus the power of St. Peter is "supreme and
absolutely independent, so that having no
other power on earth as its superior, it em
braces the whole church and all things com
mitted to the church." As the governing
authority belongs to the constitution and
formation of the church as the very principle
of unity and stability, it was clearly intended
to pass to St. Peter's successors from one to
another. Consequently the Pontiffs who suc
ceed him in the Roman episcopate reserve the
supreme power in the church jure divino. and
this is declared fully by general councils and
is acknowledged by the consent of antiquity.
But though the authority of St. Peter and his
successors is plenary and supreme, it is not to
be regarded as the only authority. The
Bishops, who are the successors of the Apostles,
"inherit their ordinary power," and "the epis
copal order necessarily belopgs to the essential
constitution of the church." They are con
sequently not to be regarded as mere vicars of
the Roman Pontiffs, since "they exercise a
power which is really their own, and are most
truly called the ordinary pastors of the people
over whom they rule."
For the preservation of unity in the Chris
tian church, it is above all things necessary
that there should be union between the
Roman Pontiff, the one successor of St. Peter,
and the Bishops, the many successors of the
apostolic college. "It is Decesstry to bear in
mind that no prerogative was conferred on the
Apostles in which St. Peter did not participate,
but that many were bestowed upon St. Peter
apart from the Apostles."
••Hu alone was designated by Christ as the
foundation of his church. To him he gave the
power of forgiving and retaining, and to him
alone was given the authority to leed."
From this it follows "that Bishops are de
prived of the right and power of ruling if they
deliberately secede from Peter and his suc
cessors, because by this secession they are sep
arated from the foundation upon which the
whole edifice rests."
As the divine founder of the church decreed
that his church should be one in faith, in
government and communion, so he chose Peter
and his successors as the principle, and, as it
were, the center of this unity. "The episco
pal order is rightly judged to be in com
munion with Peter as Christ commanded, if
it is subject to and obeys Peter; otherwise it
necessarily becomes a lawless and disorderly
crowd."
For the due preservation of unity of the
faith it is not sufficient "that the head should
have Deen charged merely with the office of
superintendent or should have been invested
solely with the power of direction, but it is
absolutely necessary that he should have re
ceived real and sovereign authority, which
the whole community is bound to obey."
It is opposed to the truth and is in evident
contradiction with the divine constitution of
the church to hold that while each Bishop is
individually bound to obey the authority of
the Roman Pontiffs, the ißshops, taken collect
ively, are not so bound. For it is the nature
and essence of a foundation to support the
unity of the whole edifice and to give stability
to it rather than to each component part. It
was through "the strength and solidity of the
foundation" that Christ promised that the
gates of hell should not prevail aeainst his
church— & promise to be understood of the
church as a whole, and not of any certain por
tions of it.
Moreover, he who is iet over the flock must
have authority not only over the sheep dis
persed throughout the church, but also when
they are assembled together. Do all the sheep
gathered together rule and guide the shep
h.rd? Do the successors of the Apostles as
sembled together constitute the foundation on
which the successor of St. Peter rests, in order
to derive therefrom strength ana stability T
The Popes have ever unquestionably exer
cised the office of ratifying or rejecting the de
crees of councils. "Leo the Great rescinded
the acts oi the Conciliabulum of Ephesus.
Damascus rejected those of Rimini and Adrian
I those of Constantinople. The twenty-eighth
canon of the Council of Chalcedon, by the very
fact that it lacks the assent and approval of
the Apostolic See, is admitted by all to be
worthless."
Holy Writ attests that the keys of the King
dom ot Heaven were given to Peter alone and
that the promise of binding and loosing was
granted to the Apostles and to Peter, but there
is nothing to show that the Apostles received
supreme power without Peter or against Peter.
Such power they certainly did not receive from
Jesus Christ; wherefore, in the decree of the
Vatican Council as to the nature and authority
of the primacy of the Roman Pontiff no newly
conceived opinion is set forth, but the vener
able and constant belief of all ages.
RELIGION IS POLITICS.
Leading Liberal* of Montreal Will Send
a Protest to Rome.
MONTREAL, Quebec. June 29.— Leading
Liberals of this province contemplate
sending a delegate to Rome with a view
to having a decision from the Vatican re
garding clerical influence in this country.
Friends of the Hon. Mr. Laurier declare
that the action of Monsignor Lafleche and
other members of the Roman Catholic
clergy during the recent electoral cam
paign renders an appeal to Rome at the
present time an absolute necessity.
May Force an Apology.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 29.—Ad
ministration officials here are discussing
the probability of forcing an apology from
the United States of Colombia for the ont
rape committed on the schooner George R.
Whitford of New York. If necessary a
naval demonstration will be made. It is
possible also that Secretary Olney may de
mand an indemnity for the owners of the
Wnitford because of her detention. So fiir
the Bogota Government has given no sign
as to what its action will be.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
THE PITTSTON
MINE HORROR,
Not Less Than Seventy
Men Entombed in the
Deadly Pit.
HOPING AGAINST HOPE.
Families and Friends of the
Victims Haunt the Mouth of
the Shaft
CAVES OCCUR CONTINUOUSLY.
Rescuers Say It Will Be Impossible
to Ever Recover Any of the
Bodies.
WILKESBARfiE, Pa., June 29.— The
situation at the scene of the Pittston mine
disaster remains practically unchanged.
The company is making every possible
effort to reach the victims, but there is
very little hope that any of them will be
recovered alive.
It is not yet possible to give the exact
number of persona in the pit, but it is
certain that there are not less than seventy
men entombed, leaving about forty-eight
widows and 125 orphans.
The Board of Trade of Pittston to-day
appropriated $1000 for the immediate wants
of the bereft families, and desires through
the United Press to appeal to the charitably
disposed at home and abroad for such aid
as tney may be pleased to contribute to
this very worthy object. Contributions
may be forwarded to Mr. Thomas Mangan,
treasurer of the Board of Trade of Pitts
ton, Pa.
The frienda and relatives of the en
tombed men haunted to-day and to-night
the head of the shaft, hoping against hope
that some of the rescuing party may bring
up a word of cheer. But as one gang after
another reached the surface and answered
the eager questions with only a sad snake
of the head despair was again shown upon
the countenances of the unhappy ones.
The rescuing party that went into the
shaft this morning came up at 6 o'clock
this evening, and as they jumped from
the carriage the foreman was heard to say,
"No hope of rescue as yet."
Later on it was learned that the situa
tion inside is changing almost hourly,
owing to the continuous caving or "squeez
ing." and on this account nothing what
ever can be told as to when the men can
be reached.
The rescuing party to-night were work
ing their way to the point where they
wished to start digging to-morrow morn- I
ing, but at midnight the props and pillars .
in the shaft are being forced out of place |
and no progress can be made until after
this difficulty can be averted. Monster
pumps were lowered and will be set as j
near as possible to the scene of death, but '
there is no telling what the pumps will be
abie to do.
Men are at work drilling a hole through
the Clear Spring colliery into the Twin
Shaft workings. The men started on Sun
day to cut a hole through large enough to
admit a man's body, but the officials
feaied the water and gas in the Twin Shaft
would rush into the Clear Spring and cause
disaster to those workings also, so it was
decided to abandon the work of making so
large a hole and to merely drill a small
bore-hole through the eighty feet of coal
for the double purpose ot finding out the
condition of the Twin Shaft workings as to
water and gas and with the idea of com
municating with the men if they, or any
of them, should chance to be on the oppo
site side of the cave, next to the Clear
Spring's partition.
Prominent mine officials from all parts
of the country were on the scene to-day
discussing the sad disaster from every
standpoint.
A conference was held during the day at
which reports were made to the effect that
the fall is the largest ever known to any
miner in this valley, and that the cave is
still going on. Among the officials who
were present were: Mine-Inspector Blow
itt of Scranton; Anthony Horn, superin
tendent of the Pennsylvania Coal Com
pany, Pitiston; Superintendent Davis of
the Dodson Coal Company of Plymouth;
H. H. Ashley, general manager of the
Parish Coal Company, Wilkesbarre; J. L.
Cake, manager of the Clear Spring Coal
Company, West Pittston, and J. Bennett
Smith, practical engineer of the Hazard
Works, Wilkesbarre. Most of them have
come to the conclusion that the bodies will
never be reached.
Water has been running into the shaft
since yesterday, and to-day it has in
creased in volume. Both the Lackawanna
and Susquehanna rivers run in close prox
imity to the Twin Shaft. From the sur
face to the point where the rock begins
there is at least 145 feet of what is known
as river wash. Prom this point down to
the bottom, or the level where the men
are, there were previous to the fall 280 feet
of rock. As long as this remained intact
there was perhaps more leakage through
the crevice into the mine than in mines
which are not in such close proximity to
large bodies of water. When tne fall oc
curred the 280 feet of rock referred to must
have been shattered, allowing the water to
pour into the mine in large quantities un
til the open space below was all filled.
The very natural conclusion of this is
that if the victims did not lose their lives
under the fail they came to their death by
drowning. If this be true, and there is no
reason to doubt that it is, it will be im
possible to remove the bodies of the vic
tims from the mine.
When it became known to-night that it
was probable the men would never be
found the excitement was renewed. The
rescuing party that came out of the shaft
at 10 o'clock reported the situation
worse than at any time to-day. The
workings are crushed nearer the foot of
the shaft and the outlook is very sorrow
ful. The night shift of rescuers were
driven back by the roof caving in and
closing up the work that had been accom
plished during the afternoon. It is now
feared that the opening or entrance to the
Twin Shaft may be closed before the next
twenty-four hours.
More props were lowered into the pit
to-night, which wili be placed around the
pillars Co aid them in keeping the surface
from caving in near the foot.
What the night will bring forth no liv
ing soul can tell.
liannrrt to an Oak Tree.
NEW ORLEANS, La., June 29.— Yester-
day morning Frederick Posi was found
hanging to a large oak tree on a planta
tion near the boundary line between St.
Charles and Jefferson parishes, just above
New Orleans. He had been lynched last
nignt by a mob. Post had a fight a lew
days ago at the store of Paul Felix, Mayor
of Kenner, with one of Felix's clerks. He
was arrested and charged wilh breach of
the peace and assault and battery. He
was locked up in ttie Kenner jail. It is
said that the doors of the jail were not
properly fastened, so that the mob had no
difficulty in breaking into it and taking
out Post and lynching him.
COAST DEFENSE WORK.
Money Available and. Operation* to Be
i'onttn-r.red at Once.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 29.— The
work of constructing the coast defenses
authorized by Congress will begin with
the fiscal year, July. Preliminary ar
rangements for carrying out the projects
contemplated have been made by General
Craighill, the chief of engineers, and one
half of the $5,000,000 available under the
law will be expended immediately under
plans already approved. The remaining
amount will be expended by contract.
All important points along the Atlantic
Coast and the Gulf of Mexico from Port
land, Maine, to Galveston, Texas, and on
tne Pacific Coast from Puget Sound and
the mouth of the Columbia River and San
Diego, Cal., will be fortified under the
present arrangement. As soon as these
projects are under way, bids for the work
to be done by contract will be called for.
GROWING GEAPERATE.
Cleveland Striker* Beat Men Who Return
to Work.
Cleveland, Ohio, June 29.— The
strike at the Brown Hoisting Company's
works, involving 500 men, has been in
progress five weeks, and no settlement
seems in sight. The strikers are growing
desperate and the location of the works is
such that the police are unable to do
effective work. Every day the few men
who have returned to work have to be
escorted to and from work by officers or
they are set upon and beaten. Martin
Schauez, one of the men who returned to
work, was set upon as he left the works to
night and beaten so that he will die.
A TERRIBLE EXPLOSION,
Three Persons Killed by the
Bursting of a Boiler in
Texas.
The General Manager of the Southern
Pacific's Atl ntic System Is
Badly Injured.
HOUSTON, Tex., June 29.— This after
noon the boiler in the office of the Daily
Age exploded, killing Engineer Henry
Lyons, Miss Mattie Loeb. a stenographer
in the office of W. Gt. Van Vleck, vice
president and general-manager of the
Atlantic system of the Southern Pacific
Railroad; Edward R. Emory, a telegraph
operator in the same office, and seriously
injuring Mr. Van Vleck himself.
The force of the explosion carried the
entire boiler, which was of 18-hor3epower,
across a vacant lot, where it struck a
building, was deflected upward and
crashed into the general office of the
Southern Pacific system on Franklin
avenue, over 300 feet away.
Mr. Van Vleck was dictating to Miss
Loeb when the boiler crashed through the
bncic wall back into the rear of the build
ing, taking everything in its way. Miss
Loeb was carried nearly twenty feet from
her chair and was found af lerward buried
under a mass of debris. She lived only
about twenty minutes. Mr. Van Vleck
was carried some distance also, but escaped
with serious cuts on the head.
In the next office, divided by a thin par
tition, were two telegraph operators, Ed
ward R. Emory and Theodore Grice. The
former was struck by the boiler and in
stantly killed, while his companion es
caped practically uninjured.
Henry Lyons, the unfortunate engineer,
who carelessness probably caused the
horror, was blown to pieces.
The inmates of the editorial, business
and composing rooms of tha Daily Age
were uninjured, as the force of the explo
sion was all in the opposite direction.
The pecuniary damage amounts to about
$10,000.
SPEAKS FOR HIMSELF.
Ryan Hot Authorized to Talk for Contul-
Genrral Lee.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 29.— Consul-Ge
neral Lee was interviewed to-day In regard
to a statement alleged to have been made
by Collector Ryan on his return to the
United States from his recent trip to
Havava.
Generalise said: "Mr. Ryan had no
authority to speak for me on Cuban mat
ters. I did not talk to htm confidentially
or otherwise on public questions, and
never gave him ray views on the situation
in the island. Whatever he has said or
written, is his own opinion, not mine."
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., June 29.—Cap
tain Edward G. Riley, who commanded
th.c steamship Bermuda when she left this
port on April 27, on an alleged filibuster
ing expedition to Cuba, was before United
States Commissioner Otto to-day and was
placed under $10,000 bonds for appearance
on Friday, when he will be given a pre
liminary hearing.
The Flouj of Gold to Europe.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 29.— Lazard
Freres have withdrawn $800,000 in gold
from the sub-treasury for export to Europe
to-morrow. J. &W. Seligman & Co. have
ordered $350,000 in gold at the sub-treasury
for export and paid for it in assay office
receipts. The transaction fulfills a special
order from Seligman & Co., who in turn
are filling an order they received from Ger
many today. Tne withdrawal does not
affect the treasury reserve.
Killed, in a Mine.
DULUTH, Minn., June 29.— Word has
been received from Ely of an accident at
the Pioneer mine whereby three men were
killed and two seriously injured. A num
ber of men were on the fourth level when
several hundred tons of earth overhead
gave way. Victor Erickson, Georee Hay
cock and Frank Cramer were buried out
of sight and probably instantly killed.
Two other men were badly hurt. *
Executive Vlemency Denied..
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 29.— The
President has denied clemency In the case
of George N. Thomas, sentenced in June,
1894, to $6000 fine and six years in the Cali
fornia State prison for smuggling opium
and aiding and abetting the landing of
Chinese laborers.
Death of Rev. J. F. Ellis.
NORFOLK, Nebr., June 29.— Word was
received to-day of the death of Rev. J.
F. Ellis, president of Norfolk College,
which occurred at Greenwich, Conn.,
where the doctor had been in search of re
lief from Bright's disease. The interment
will be held here Thursday afternoon.
Sign* of the lime* in the West.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 29.-On
July 1 the following Presidential post
offices will be relegated to the fourth class
by reason of decrease in receipts: Blue
Hill, Nebr. ; Culberson, Nebr.; Dewitt,
Nebr., and Shellon, Nev.
OLYMPICS SCORE
THE MULTNOMAHS
Portland Athletes Accused
of Harsh Treatment to
Visitors.
CAPTAIN GILL'S PLAINT.
Says the Referee Curtly Refused
to Entertain a Just
Protest.
HIS MEN JEERED AND HISSED.
He Declares the Northern Athletes
Guilty of Unsportsmanlike
Conduct.
PORTLAND, Or., Jane 29.— Charges of
unsportsnianship have been made by the
Olympics against members of the Mult
nomah club. They affect the whole club,
and the opinion of the Olympics in this
regard has been shared, more or less, by
outsiders to such an extent as to make it
impossible to disregard it. The lack of
sportsmanship with which the Olympics
charge the Multnomahs does not mean a
lack of fairness; it means a lack of those
finer principles that are not found in the
rules of the Amateur Athletic Union, but
which are far more important in preserv
ing true amateur sport than all the rules.
Captain Leonard Gill of the Olympics
says:
"The Multnomah team won from us Sat
urday because it was a better team. Our
team was a weaker team than we should
have brought north, and we found a much
stronger team here than we expected. We
don't complain about meeting better men,
but we do complain of the unsportsman
like manners of the club and people here.
When Patterson would ccrne up for his
trial in the high jump there were men in
the grand stand who guyed him. Then,
too, the crowd jeered him when he failed.
It's the first time I ever dreamed that it
was a disgrace to fail in a manly trial.
"After Wand had injured himself, and
could not enter the 440-yard race, I was
promised permission to substitute another
man; but at the last moment we were
denied that privilege. In the hurdle
race the courses were not properly meas
ured. Our man, Patterson, had he run,
would have had from ten to fifteen yards
more to go than Morgan. Ido not think
Patterson could have won, but he was en
titled to a properly measured course.
"After finishing the 220-yard dash, I had
to go into my quarters for a rub-down, and
as captain of the team had no opportunity
of seeing how the courses were arranged.
But as soon as I did heard of it I asked for
Mr. Giisan, the referee, and protested to
him. He declined to consider my protest,
saying that it was not made in the proper
way. Did you ever hear of such a thing ?"
ON THE CASYERN TRACKS.
Marguerite Win* the Hopeful Stake in
Straight Heat*.
CHICAGO. 111., June 29.— The opening
day of the six-day trotting meeting of the
Northwestern Breeders' Association at
Washington Park to-day was a failure in
point of attendance, and the racing in tbe
two events on the card was only fair. Macey
Brothers' Marguerite won the Hopeful
stake in the most hollow style in straight
heats, going the second in 2:18^, the fast
est three-year-old heat of the year.
Purse i? 1000, 2:40 class, trotting, Newberger
won, "Walter S second, Stanley third. Best
time, 2:lti I .i.
Hopeful stakes, $1000, for foals of 1893, eli
gible to 2:30 class, trotting, Marguerite won,
Hesperus second, Aggie Medium third. Best
time, 1:\%%.
CHICAGO, 111., June 29.— T0-day's re
sults at Sheffield:
Six a^d a half furlongs, Julia won, Cerita
second, Hattie Thayer third. Time, 1:24%.
Four furlongs, Woodland Belle won, ller
Excellency second, Brown Girl third. Time,
:49.
Bix and a half furlongs, Treachery won, Nero
second, Mollle King third. Time, 1 :22%.
One mile, May (iallop won, Mamie G second,
Inspector Hunt third. Time, l:42 I -i.
Six furlongs, Gismouda won, Millie M sec
ond, Serena third. Time, 1:14%.
Six funongs, Nicholas won, Full Measure
second, Ragny third. Time, 1:14.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 29.— T0-day's
race results:
Six and a half furlongs, St. Augustine won,
Cnnsuella secoud, Rhett Goode third. Time,
1:23.
Kive furlongs, Gladys II won, Alger second,
Forsythe third. Time, 1 :03"^.
Six furlongs, Constantine won, Gath second,
Strathreel third. Time, 1:15.
One mile and seventy yards, First Deal won,
Hex second, Hawthorne third. Time, I :46f^.
Seven and a half furlones, Don Carrillo won,
Ramiro second, Tranby third. Time, 1:37.
Five furlonus, Lord Zeni won, Scribe second,
Juanita third. Time, 1 :02%.
LATOMA, Ky., June 29.— The long
distance was the feature of an evenly bal
anced card to-day. It was a good betting
aft air, but the race was an easy one for
Grannan.
Six furlongs, Motilla won, Dorothy second,
Isnbel th ird. Time, 1 :16.
Mile, Black Silk won, Lufra second, Ray
mond third. Time, 1:44.
Five furlongs, Hunger won, Mertle Reed sec
ond, Dulcena third. Time, 1:03.
Mile and a furlong, Grannan won, Rasper
second, Le Banjo third. Time, 2:10J-i.
Five lurlor.gs, Flotow won, The Plutocrat
second, Gammadion ihird. Time, 1:04.
six furlongs, Carrie Lyle won, Cyclone sec
ond, Kowalsky third. Time, 1:16.
ON THE RALLFIELD.
Rank P laying and Error* Characterize
One I)ay't Games.
BALTIMORE, Ma, June 29.— Two passes to
first, three singles and a two-bagger, helped
along with glaring errors, gave the Champions
to-day's contest in the first inning. Attend
ance 4400. Score: Baltimores — 16, 16, 2;
Washingions— 4, 5, 5. Batteries — Pond and
Robinson, King and McGuire. Umpire— Hurst.
NKW YOKK, N. V., June 29.— A bad case of
rattle on the part of the Brooklyns allowed
the New i T orks to win to-day's game from the
first inning. The local team outplayed the
visitors at every point. Score: New Yorks—
5, 7, 1; Brooklyns— 2, 7, 6. Batteries— dulli.
van and Wilson, Kennedy and Grim. Um
pire— Emslie.
CHICAGO, 111., June 29 —The Colts were
beaten by the Clevelands to-day, chiefly
through bases on balls by Griffith and a disas
trous error by Dahlen, on which the visitors
scored four runs. Score: Chicagos— 6, 8, 5;
Clevelrtuds— 9, 11, 3. Batteries— Griffith and
Kittredge, Youug and Zimmer. Umpire —
Ktefe.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 29.— Stupid playing
and poor pitching gave the Reds an easy vic
tory to-day. Attendance 1200. Score: Louis
vllles—B, 15, 5; Cincinnatis— 2o, 22, 2. Bat
teries—Herman and Kinslow; Dwyer and
Peitz. Umpire— Sheridan.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., June 29.— Weak batting was
again fatal to the Browns. Hart was hit
freely. Hughey was also an easy mark and he
would have been knocked out by an average
hitting club. Attendance 800. Score: St.
Louis— 4, 8, 2; Pittsburgh— B. l4, 3. Batteries
—Hart and Murphy, Hughey and Sugden.
Umpire— Lynch.
BOSTON, Mass.. June 29.— The rankest kind
of fielding by Hamilton lost the game for the
Bostons to-day in the fifth inning. Attend
ance 3700 . Score: Bostons— 6, 7, 5; Phila
delphias—l3, 13, 4. Batteries— Dolan and
Tenney, Carsey and Grady. Umpire— Hen.
dersou.
BASEBALL DISCIPLEINE.
Prominent Player* Heavily Fined for
Misconduct on the Field-
PITTSBURG. Pa., June 29.— The board
of directors of the National League held a
meeting in this city to-day and decided
that the fine of $100 imposed on Pitcher
Amos Rusie last year at Baltimore for al
leged drunkenness, by President Freed
nian of tue New York Club, was just and
proper.
Oliver Tebeau, manager-captain of the
Cleveland team, was also remembered by
the directors and will receive a letter in
forming him that he has been fined $200
for gross misconduct on tne bahfield, and
if he does not settle within ten days ne
will be ineligible to play on any league
ground.
ENGLISH YAGHT RACES.
Britannia ticore* Another Victory and
the Xiaaara Is Beaten.
HUNTER'S QUAY, Exg., June 29.— The
Ailsa, Britannia and Satanita started in a
fifty-mile race to-day, under the auspices
of the Royal Clyde Yacht Club, for a
prize of £l(J0. The Britannia won from
the Ailsa on time allowance. The Satanita
retired from the race.
In the race for twtnty- raters the Saint
beat the Niagara, the Penitent and Zinita,
in the order named.
Lo* Angeles .Shooting Tournament.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 29.— The
crack shots of this section would have
done better to have stayed in Stockton,
for there they swept nearly everythine be
fore them. They suffered defeat to-day in
the final shoot of tbe season under the
auspices of the Los Aneeies City Gun
Club. Their downiall occurred in the five
man team event for the club trophy. A
number of teams contested, among them
one including Van Valkenberg, Mason,
Leighton, Leighton, Ralphs and Breer,
who attended the recent Stockton tourna
ment. Out of a possible score of 125 this
team bagged 98 birds, while the Turf Club
team, composed of Black, Katz, Vodru,
Fishback and Alexander, beat them out
with 99 birds and captured the trophy.
Bob In After Sharkey.
LONDON, Eng., June 29. —80b Fitzsim
mons, the pugilist, informed the United
Press to-day that he would accept the
challenge from Thomas Sharkey, the Cali
fornia sailor, without delay and upon any
terms.
SAN DIEGO-YUMA LINE,
Projectors of the New Railway
File Their Articles of
Incorporation.
Preliminary Step Toward the Build*
ing of a Road to Salt
Lake.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., June 29.— Articles of
incorporation were filed in the County
Clerk's office to-day by the San Diego and
Yum a Railroad Company. The purposes
of the corporation are stated to be the
construction, owning and maintaining of
a railroad of standard gauge along the
shore of the bay of San Diego, through
the city and thence easterly to the Colo
rado River, at or near Fort Yum a, a dis
tance of 175 miles. The principal place of
business is San Diego. *
The capital stock of the corporation is
stated to be $4,000,000, in shares of $1
each, and $400,000, or 10 per cent of the
capital stock, has been subscribed by the
following directors and placed in the hands
of the treasurer, Frank H. Dixon:
William H. Carlson (trustee), $399,000;
William H. Carlson, $900; Frank H.
Dixon, H. C. Armfield, John Hetzel and
Edwin M. Capps, $25 each.
Mayor Carlson says this is the ' pre
liminary step toward building the South
ern California and Salt Lake Railroad. He
has secured a controlling interest in the
Nevada Southern Railroad, and declares
that the road will come to. San Diego, the
move having depended in great measure
on the action of fhe city in the matter of
building a new water system. Mayor Carl
son declines to name the person he repre
sents as trustee. '
•
Santa Harbara Walnut- Grower*.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 29.—
Articles of incorporation have been filed
with the County Clerk for the Santa Bar
bara County Walnet-Growers' Association.
NEW TO-DAY. .
Cleaning Up
C_^ JL- /wl r/*
Stocks.
MARK-DOWN SALE.
ALL BROKEN LOTS GO.
$7.80 IS THE PRICE
$20.00 suits^ fit m ha
$17.50 SUITS V ll / Ull
$15. 00 SUITS VYour pick of any for \ / Al I
$12.50 SUITS ill (111
$10.00 suits; w •-* •yy
If we have your size in a broken lot you
get it for $7 80. Every one knows the
immense business we are doing. We
are selling more Men's Clothing tHan
any house in the city. This gradually .
reduces a stock to broken sizes, and it is
just such sizes you can take away for
$7 80. Come before the rush
and pick the best. Your money .
back if you want it. Open
Friday night until 10 o'clock.
**
I Quality fells- TAILORS Price sells |
MARKET £j£^\ ST^^c.^
Only Branch In S. F., 211 Montgomery St, opposite Hills Building.
MONTEREY DAY
ONE OF GAYETY,
Governor Budd Decrees That
Joy Be Unconfined
on July 7.
NAMED AS A HOLIDAY.
Fiftieth Anniversary of the Flag-
Raising by Commodore
Sloat.
STATE EXAMINEES IN SESSION.
The Tahoe Road Dispute Settled
After Many Years— Secretary
Brown's Junket.
)
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 29.— The
State Board of Examiners was in session
to-day. The following proclamation was
received from the Governor :
On July 7, A. D. 1846, Commodore Sloat, U.
8. N.,in the name of the United States of
America, raised the flag of our Union at Mon
terey, Cal., and occupied the territory under
claim of the National Government.
July 7, A. D. 1896, marks the semi-centennial
anniversary of this most important event in
the history of our State, and should be set
apart as a day of rejoicing by our people.
Now, therefore, I, James H. Budd, Governor
of the State of California, by virtue of the au
thority vested in me by the constitution and
laws of said State, do hereby proclaim Tues
day, the 7th day of July, A. D. 1896, a holi
day.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the great seal of this State to
be hereunto affixed, this 29th day of June,
A. D. 1896. James H. Budd, Governor.
L. H. Brown, Secretary of State.
The Tahoe road dispute, which has been
before the board for an almost indefinite
period, was finally settled. All deeds for
rights of way are now owned by the State,
the last being delivered to-day, and a bill
in the sum of $438 in full for deed and at
torneys' fees being allowed.
The bills of J. F. Kidder, Debris Com
missioner, for $1800, and those of R. I.
Thompson, secretary of the commission,
in the sum of $750, were rejected on a de
cision of Attorney - General Fitzgerald
that the State appropriation was not avail
able until the National appropriation was
secured, and, furthermore, because the
services were rendered before there was
any surety that the National appropria
tion would be allowed.
Secretary of State Lewis H. Brown will
leave for the East on Wednesday. His
main purpose will be to visit Eastern
State institutions, with the view of perfect
ing a system of economic methods of con
ducting all asylums, etc. He will also
attend the session of the Grand Lodge of
Elks as delegate at large.
REDWOOD CITS LEGACIES.
Bequest* Awarded From the Estate, of the
Late. Charles Lux.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., June 29.— 1n
the Superior Court to-day an order was
made authorizing the executor of the es
tate of Charles Lux, deceased, to pay
legacies as follows: Elizabeth C. Allen
$1000, Mary C. Hubbard $1000, Jeremiah
Sheldon $500, Emma S. Sheldon $500, John
Sheldon $500, Charles F. Searle Jr. $1000,
Jeremiah Sheldon $1000, Sarah Loveland
$1000, Georgiana L. Langworthy $1000,
The first five are the children of George
W. Sheldon.
A Portland Woman* Downfall.
ASTORIA, Ob., June 29.— Mrs. Jennie
Bailey, better known as the "woman in
black," was before a Police Judge to-day
on a charge of drunkenness and disorderly
conduct. She was fined $10. The "woman
in black" was at one time a society lady
in Portland. Her father was ex-Governor
Lane of this State.
34
SEATTLE SOCIAL
LEADERS FIGHT.
General Carr and Charles
Esplin Pummel Each
Other.
THREE LIVELY ROUNDS.
Both Are Eadly Damaged When
Police Arrive on the
SIQTJEL TO A DIVORCE SUIT.
One tbe Counsel for Dr. Dawson, and
the Other a Friend of the
Wife.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 29.— Brigadier-
General E. SI. Carr of the State militia
and chief counsel for Dr. Dawson in bis
divorce case against Mrs. Dawson clashed
with Charles Esplin, the much-talked-of
co-respondent in the case, on Pioneer
place to-day. In the presence of several
hundred people the two fought three
bloody rounds. The fight was from the
start one of the most desperate that ha 3
occurred in the city lor a long time.
It was generally expected that sooner or
later tbe two men would come together.
General Carr, who is 6 feet and 4 inches in
height and weighs 275 poundc, has a
reputation as a fighter, and Esplin, while
not such a large man, is a scientific boxer.
Esplin has been more prominently men
tioned in connection with the divorce case
than has any other of the co-respondents.
General Carr subpenaed him as a witness
for the plaintiff, and the defense will use
him as a witness. A few days ago, when
Mrs. Kiusey was testifying in the Dawson
case, General Carr made Esplin stand up
while the courtroom was crowded so that
the witness could identify him. Last Sat
urday a local paper stated that General
Carr had subpenaed witnesses who would
impeach Esplin's testimony for the de
fense by swearine that Esplin told him
that he and Mrs. Dawson had been inti
mate.
Esplin saw General Carr this morning
as the latter was about to enter his office
in the Pioneer building. He asked Carr if
he were responsible for the article, and
Carr said that he was not. Then Esplin
asked Carr if he had ever said that he
would whip him. Carr replied that if
Esplin wanted a fight he couid have it,
and with that he struck Esplin on the nose.
Then they went at it.
Esplin, being the more scienced, suc
ceeded in landing frequently, but when
ever Carr would hit Esplin he would
stagger him. Three times the men were
separated, and each time they went at ie
again. Finally the police interfered and
the two men, their clothes saturated with
blood and their faces black and blue, were
led off to the police headquarter?, where
they were released to appear in the
Municipal Court to-morrow morning.
The fight created the greatest kind of a
sensation, owing to Carr's prominence in
tbe State. It is alleged that if it had con
tinued Carr would have lost. More
serious trouble is expected, as the case has
resolved itself into a personal fight among
all interested.
The divorce case was on this afternoon
•nd Mrs. Mary Jensen, who was a nurse
in the Dawson household in 1892, gave
testimony to the effect that Frank Carrol,
one of the co-respondents, who is attend
in? college in California, was intimate
with Mrs. Dawson. They corresponded
and the witness saw them once in the par
lor, when Mrs. Dawson was supposed to
have been at a dance.
SEATTLE'S QUEER SUIT.
,
for a Dead Man's Land.
BEATTLE, Wash., June 29.— A case to
which attaches unusual interest, by reason
of the fact that three women— two of
whom were divorced and one a widow —
each having been a lawful wife of Emil
Weber, are fighting for the deceased hus
band's property, consisting of 3400 acres
of valuable land in Clallam and Jefferson
counties, is being tried before Federal
Judge Hanford. The action is entitled,
"Belona, wife No. 1, vs. Mary F. Gratton,
wife No. 2, et a 1.," and tbe case has been
before the courts of half a dozen States.
Weber, a rich gambler, was killed at
Portland, Or., in 1889, by "Sandy" Olds.
This murder case likewise attracted special
attention throughout the Pacific coast by
reason of the many trials of the defend
ant, who was finally acquitted.
VISALIA PLOTTER'S FATE,
Life Sentence Patted by Judge Gray
XJpon Josiah JUovren.
VIBALIA, Cal., June 29. — Josiah Lovren
was to-day sentenced to San Quentin for
life for complicity in the attempt to nold
up and rob a Southern Pacific train at
Tagus on the night of March 18. In pass
ing sentence Judge Gray asked the pris
oner which prison he preferred. The
answer was:
"I euess it won't make any difference—
the one with the easiest work will suit
me."
After the Judge had pronounced the sen
tence Lovren bowed and remarked in a
clear tone, "Good."
The defendant's motion for a new trial
was denied, and a certificate of probable
cause was filed and an appeal to the Su
preme Court for a new trial made.
m
STEALTS MONPOL ON TRIAL.
Merchant Chun John Arraigned for Com
plicity in a Murder*
VISALIA, Ca! m Jane 29.— A jury was
secured to-day in the case of Chun John,
charged with murder, and one witness was
examined for the prosecution.
On the evening of May 8 Haw Yue was
attacked by four Chinese and fatally shot.
Haw Yue, before he died, stated that Chun
Joke had shot him with a pistol handed
to him by Chun John. Tne prisoner is a
merchant and extensive fruit-buyer. Chun
Cheon arid Chun Joe, laborers, are also
implicated and are in jail. :-.• Chun Joke is
at large. Both the prosecution and the
defense are represented by able counsel.
Nevada Delegates Depart.
RENO, Niv., June 29.— A number of
delegates of the Keating wing of the Ne
vada Democracy departed for Chicago to
night. It is understood that they dated
their departure thus early to get on to the
battle-ground before the regular Demo
cratic or Ryan-Dennis delegates.
Suicide at Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal.. June 29.— Albert Hicks
committed suicide last night by taking
carbolic acid. He was janitor in the
Fresno Loan and Savings Bank. His
mother died a short time ago and grief
over her loss unbalanced his mind.
MONTE CRISTO SHOOTING.
A. Seattle Man Lured to the Outskirts of
the Town and Attacked.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 29. — Nathan
Pbillius, proprietor of the Boston .Loan
Office in this city, having been enticed into
the outskirts of town for the purpose of
robbery, was shot and perhaps fatally mi
i jured at Monte Cristo, Snohomish County,
this afternoon. A private dispatch re
ceived in Seattle states that David Leroy, a
logper, did the shooting, and that Phillips
was shot through the lungs and also the
: ripht arm.
Phillips had gone to Monte Cristo to sell
j jewelry and carried a case containing
watches and other samples. All the valua
bles found on the person of the victim
were taKen by the murderous robber. A
special from Snohomish City says a posse
of citizens are ecouring the country and
that if Leroy is captured he will probably
be lynched. Phillips is a Hebrew, twenty
eight years old and unmarried.
TACONA OFFICIAL ACCUSED.
Charged With Compelling Payment of
Tithes From Subordinates.
TACOMA, Wash., June 29.— Grand
Army circles in this city have been agi
tated for some days by the knowledge that
a comrade occupying a prominent public
position had been compelling two others
under him to pay him a portion of their
salaries under threat of loss oi their DOsi
tions if not complied with. County Com
missioner C. H. Holmes is the guilty per
son, and to-day a committee from the
Grand Army composed of Mayor Fawcett,
J. Q. Mason, A. Woodworth, O. B. Hayden
and George Boardman waited upon Mr.
Holmes and informed him of the charges,
and that it was their invention to force
him to resign. He informed them that he
was keeping the contributions made to
him ami intended returning them to those
who had contributed at Christmas, "as a
surprise to the boys, you know," he re
marked.
JACKSON DAMAGE SUIT.
Mrs. Lena Burgen Brings Action
Against the Southern
Pacific.
Made an Invalid for Life by Injuries
Received in a Wreck
Near Ion?.
JACKSON, Cal., June 29.— A suit for
i heavy damages was commenced in the
! Superior Court here to-day by Mrs. Lena
; Ellen Burgen, joined by her husband,
\ William Burgen, aeainst the Southern Pa
'■ cine Company. The complaint, signed by
' ex-Coneressnian A. Camiuetti and by Dei
-1 mas & Shortridce, teils a brief story of
great suffering.
It is ail aged that on January 15, 1895,
Mrs. Burgen left her home in Jackson to
\ go to Stockton. She boarded the South
| crn Pacific train at lone in this county.
! Between lone and Gait the train, it is
'■■ averred, "was thrown and huried from its
tracK and overturned by and through the
; rarelessnes3 and negligence of said de
fendant." It is further alleged that the
' tracks and roadbed were in an unsafe and
dangerous condition at the time.
Mrs. Burgen is a young woman who was
1 in the enjoyrnentof physical health at the
time of the injnries, which are described
| in the complaint as follows: "Lena Ellen
j Burgen was violently thrown from her
j seat in and against the side and floor of
\ one of the cars of said train, and received
i thereby divers great and grievous bodily
injuries, to-wii, bruises and contusions
upon the lower portion of the spine, upon
I the right hip and right side of the Body,
| upon the back of the head and upon the
} spine at tbe base of the skull; she was
; also injured internally, and received a
■■ severe nervous shock."
It was stated that soon afterward Mrs.
Burgen gave birth to a child. Because of
j the injuries received her sufferings were
: multiplied, and the complaint declares
that she will never recover her health, and
will be a sufferer during the remainder oi
) her life. Damages are asked in the amount
i of $50,000.
MARE ISLAND COURT-MARTIAL
Assistant Paymaster Webster of the York-
town on Trial for Defrauding a
Clerk.
VALLEJO, Cal., June 29.— The naval
court-martial to try Assistant Paymaster
E. B. Webster, charged with improper
conduct in withholding $2000 from the
Tobin estate, which was deposited as a
bond for W. J. Tobin when appointed by
Paymaster Webster as his clerk on board
the Yorktown convened in the court
room at the navy -yard this afternoon,
with Captain H. L. Howison as president
of the court. But two witnesses — W. J.
Tobin and Edward McGettigan — were ex
amined on behalf of the prosecution.
The former detailed tbe manner in which
the bond was given and the money ob
tained.
The counsel for Paymaster Webster
asked for a continuance until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning, and after a consulta
tion this was granted.
The charge against Webster is of a seri
ous nature. When he appointed Tobin as
bis clerk, he is said to have compelled him
to deposit a cash bond of $2000. This was
never paid back, ami when the attention
of the Navy Department at Washington
was called to the case, it at once ordered
Webster court-martialed.
SANTA BARBARA HUNTER SHOT.
Mistaken for a Deer by a Friend and
Dangerously Wounded.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 29.—
Joseph Hildreth was the victim of a pe
culiar accident in San Rafael Mountains
yesterday. Hildreth, in company with a
friend, was hunting in the hills. They be
came separated, and later the friend, see
ing Hildreth moving through the brusn,
mistook him for a deer and fired at him.
The ball entered Hildreth's hip and
ranged slightly downward, coming out at
the thigh.
Hildreth, anticipating danger, had whis
tled to apprise his friend of his where
abouts, bur the supposition is that he mis
took the distance. * He courageously bound
up bis dangerous wound and managed to
walk about four miles to where his horse
was tethered, then rode for thirty miles
toward town. He will recover.
KILLED SEAR WOODBURN.
Contractor Plattenburg of Portland I'allt
From a Train.
PORTLAND, Ob., June 29. - Phillip
Plattenburg, a well-known contractor of
this city, fell from the Shasta special train
this morning at an early hour between
Woodburn and Gervais on the Southern
Pacific. He was not missed until the
train had reached Oregon City, when the
conductor and several passengers noted
his absence. His body was found later in
the day. Instant death had resulted from
the fall. Plattenburg is survived by a
widow and eight children.
Awful Henth J>i»»ir Hrentwood.
BRENTWOOD, Cal., June 29.— Mat
Brown, a young man living six miles from
this place, was killed by a fractious colt
yesterday. Brown was leading the animal,
when it became frigntened and started off
on a gallop. He became entangled in the
rope by which he was leading toe colt and
was dragged a long distance, being dead
when found. Brown was the only support
of aged parents, and was very popular.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUJSK 30, 1896.
ANGELENOS CAST
HER HO BOUQUETS,
Pretty Alma Herzog Sang
to Unappreciative
Crowds.
COSTLY PRESS NOTICES.
The Oakland Star Declines to Pay
for Laudations of Her
Voice.
OUTWITS A SPECIAL WRITER.
An Attachment Levied on Her Trunks
Fails of the Anticipated
Result.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 29.— Alma
Herzog, a stage warbler of considerable
fame who sang in a local theater last week,
appreciates the value of newspaper puffs.
During her late engagement she became
dissatisfied with the stereotyped notices
accorded and engaged the services of a
special writer, by name W. L. Price.
Price, true to bis calling, saw to it taat
Miss Herzog's name was kept before the
public. When it came to paying for this
laudation at $2 a line, the charming song
stress, whose real name is Mrs. Dr. Bluett
and who is the wife of an Oakland physi
cian, was coy and backward. Whereof
this story treats.
The lady has a burning desire to elec
trify the world as a singer. Whatever
ability she may have as a songstress, she
did not make a hit during her engagement
here at the Orpheum ; to the contrary, the
gallery gods expressed disapproval by an
occasional hiss or groan.
Price learned this morning that she had
secured a berth on a San Francisco tram
which left the city this afternoon. He
determined to have Mr. Bluett's trunks
and jewelry attached. The matter was
put into the hands of a constable, who
sent one of bis deputies with the neces
sary papers to the Albany, where Mrs.
Bluett had rooms. The officer found Mrs.
Bluett, who declared she had no trunks.
This afternoon it was learned that the
actress had missed her train and was still
in the city. The people at tbe Albany
were posted and would give no informa
tion. It was found later that the woman
had evaded Her attaching pursuers by
going to the San Fernando-street station
and boarding the train there. She had
only a hand-satchel with her.
LOS ANGELES SUFFRAGISTS.
Flattering Prospects for the Passage of
the Eleventh Amendment.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 29.— The
monthly meeting of Los Angeles County
Campaign Committee of Woman Suf
fragists was held at the rooms of tbe Fri
day Morning Club this afternoon, Presi
dent Mila Tupper Maynard In the chair,
Mrs. Maynard, in calling the assembly to
order, spoke flatteringly of the progress of
the work throughout the county, and es
pecially of tbe great number of parlor
meetings which were being organized in
many parts of tbe city and county. En
couraging reports had come in from Santa
Monica, Pasadena, Monrovia, Pomona,
San Fernando and Antelope Valley.
Five minute talks were made by Mes
dames Maynard, Meserve, Bulla, McComas
and ex-Governor J. J. Gosper of Pomona.
Mrs. McComas, in speaking of the work of
the press, referred to Thb Call in flatter
ing terms, and was applauded energeti
cally. A member read a letter from an
old acquaintance and co-worker in New
Jersey, which said that the eyes of the
Eastern people were upon progressive
California in this great work.
STEERENS IS RELEASED.
Officers Find Xo Proof of Hie Connection
With Bank Robbers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 29. — The
case against J. K. Stephens, suspected of
complicity in the late attempt to rob tbe
money vaults of the First National Bank
of this city, was dismissed this forenoon
by Justice Morrison. District Attorney
James explained that he had not been
able to secure from the Police Department
evidence sufficient to make out a case
against Stephens. The action of the Dis
trict Attorney in moving for the dismissal
was no surprise in the courtroom, for it
was quite genera'iy known about the po
lice station that no evidence of a damaging
nature against Stephens had been found.
The Police Department is "up a tree."
It was able to arrest only one man, and
now he is free. The Express to-night says :
The Express has held nil along that Stephens
had nothing to do with the attempted robbery.
It is not improDable that the guilty parties are
now walking the streets of the city wearing
good clothes and two-carat diamonds. It is
understood that Stephens' attorney wag armed
this morning with everything necessary to es
tablish an absolute alibi for his client
Arrested at Pasadena.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 29.— Fred
Cairn, a young man, was arrested by a
Deputy Sheriff this afternoon in Pasadena
on tbe charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses in Darnell City, Mo. He will be
detained until the Missouri officers come
for him.
ARGUING AT SAN JOSE.
Mr. Delmas Delivers the Closing State-
ment for the Proponents in the
Parker Case.
SAN JOBJS, Cal., June 29.— D. M. Del
mas occupied the entire day in Judge
Reynolds' court delivering the closing
statement for the proponents in the Parker
will contest. The courtroom was crowded,
a large number of the spectators being
ladles.
Mr. Delmas said a long list of reputable
witnesses had testified that George H.
Parker was a shrewd business man and
possessed all his mental faculties at the
time the will was made and was not one
that could be easily influenced. Edward
L. Parker, the testator's son and husband
of the contestant, was perfectly satisfied
with the terms of the will. He lived
eight months after his father died and bad
no idea of contesting the will, but as soon
as he died Emma L. Parker, his widow,
took the first train across the continent to
begin this contest.
Mr. Delmas will finish his argument in
the morning and will be followed by
Attorney Coogan for the contestant. A
verdict will probably be reached Wednes
day evening.
Held for Grand Larceny.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 29.— Antone An
dine and Laura Rodriquez, known aa the
"Black Diamond," who took W. C. Ander
son's horse and buggy from in front of the
Mercantile restaurant on South Second
street Friday night to enjoy a moonlight
ride, were arraigned in Justice Dwyer's
court this morning on a charge of grand
larceny. Their examination on the charge
was set for July 8. Bail was fixed at $2000
each.
CONFESEN HIS GUILT.
One of a Trio of Burglars Tells Where
the Loot Is Hidden.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 29.— Joe Lom
bardo, George Ballardand William Shone
man, alias Frank Eberly, the three men ar
rested yesterday for entering the residence
of R. McConnell, in the Willows. Saturday
night, were arraigned before Justice
Dwyer to-day. Ballard's examination was
set for July 2 and bail fixed at $1000.
Lorn bardo and Shoneman were examined
this afternoon and held to answer before
the Superior Court. Bail was fixed at
$1000 each.
Lorn bardo made a confession yesterday
afternoon. He told the officers where the
booty was buried. AH the articles taken,
with the exception of a few nieces, were
recovered.
Detective Raxckins Goes Free.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 28.— H. P. Haw
kins, a private detective in the employ of
the Humane Society, who has been prose
cuting saloon men for selling liquor to
minors, was examined before Justice
Dwyer to-day on a charge of perjury.
Hawkins was accused of having given
false testimony at the trial of J. Hennelin
for sellinu liquor to Paddy Olmstend, a
minor. After hearing several witnesses,
on motion of District Attorney Herrington
the case was dismissed for lack of evi
dence.
Returning From Cooks Inlet.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 29.— Passengers
on the schooner Norma, which arrived on
the sound from tbe north last night, say
that the steamship City of Topeka will
bring down over 100 stranded Cooks Inlet
miners who made their way via the
steamer Bertha from Kodiak to Sitka.
WARLIKE PIT RIVER REDS
White Settlers Dwelling in Fear
of an Outbreak of
Indians.
Shasta County's Sheriff Summoned to
Prevent a Joint Pow-
Wow.
REDDING, Cal., June 29.— There is
every indication of a Berious Indian out
break in this county, and settlers in the
upper Sacramento and Pit River districts
are becoming alarmed. The Indians in
the vicinity of French Gulch held pow
wows last week, and now the red men of
Pit River districts are dancing and holding
councils of war. The scene of the threat
ened outbreak is about fifty miles from
Redding, in the Big Bend of Pit River.
The Indians have given notice fiat a
grand powwow will lieein on the nieht of
the 3d of July. There is quite a settlement
of whites in that ne ghborhood, but the
Indians greatly outnumber the whites,
and an ovitbreak would result disastrously
to tbe settlers.
The whites are preparine for the threat
ened trouble and are arming themselves.
Sheriff Houston of this city nas been no
tified, and he will go to the scene with a
large force of men. He hopes to be able
to arrive in time to prey-nt the powwow,
but it is said the Indians are greatly
excited and determined to create trouble.
CAPE FLATTERY WRECK.
Sunken Schooner Sighted Hear the North
ern Reefs — Perilous Voyage of
the Comus.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 29.— The
British warship Comus, which arrived
here from San Francisco on Sunday, had
a most eventful trip. It was ten days on
the voyage and its safe arrival here is at
tributed alone to the cleverest seaman
ship. Storms which have caused nearly
twenty-four hours delay to mailships de
tained the Comus for days, forcing it
miles oat of its course. Its jibboom was
carried away and other damage done.
As Cape Flattery was neared the sea
grew calm and on Saturday afternoon
last a wreck Avas sighted. A mast of
natural color projected ten feet or so out
of water and supporting it, several feet
submerged, was the hull of what was
judged in the distance to be a ninety-foot
schooner. Wreckage lay piecemeal
around, but the only thing distinguish
able was a green-painted starboard anchor
buoy with a glass hawser attached.
EUREKA INDIAN WAR CLAIMS.
Settlers Who Suffered Front Early-Day
Raids Want
EUREKA, Cal., June 29.— Assistant
United states Attorney Dewittisin Eureira
to sire Indian depredation claimants an
opportunity to present their testimony in
support of damage claims against the
Government. Those who suffered most
from the violence of Indian tribes in this
section were settlers in the mountain
districts of Humboldt, Del Norte and
Trinity counties Many claims are for
sums as high as $20,000. During the early
Indian wars in Humboldt, hardly a
rancher's home escaped the torch, and
cattle and sheep were driven away. A
number oi leading citizens were massa
cred.
RAKERSFIELD MAN'S MANIA.
Albert iribolei't Slayer Arrested for In-
BAKERSFIELD,CAL.,June29.—JoeGio
vannoni, who killed Albert Tribolet over
a year ago, and who was acquitted on the
defense that Tribolet had tried to poison
him, is in jail on a charge of insanity.
Giavannoni accused I- W. Lucas, a saloon
keeper, of trying to poison him. He
hastened to a doctor, told his story and
was given an emetic, but not a sign of
poipon could be found. Lucas' friends,
fearing that perhaps Tribolet's fate might
he his, persuaded him to have Gioyannoni
arrested on a charge of insanity, his mania
being that people are trying to poison him.
Buyt the Blue Chief Mine.
BAKERBFIELD, Cal., June 29.— 0. B.
Stanton, recently of the Baldwin Hotel,
San Francisco, has just taken a bond for
$300,000 for the purchase of the Blue Chief
mine for a syndicate of New York capital
its. The mine is situated on Greenhorn
Mountain, forty-five miles northeast of
this place, and has a ledge five feet wide,
assays running from $27 to $122 in gold
and 78 to 218 ounces of silver.
Randnburg Gold Strike.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 29. — Ad
vices from Randsburg report another rich
strike in the Yucca mine, a mile and a
half south of the famous Olymma's group.
Tue ore runs from $400 to $600 per ton.
Bandit Crowley at Walkert Batin.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 29.— 1t was
learned here to-day that Bandit Crowley
tried to kill a boy named Rankin in
Walkers Basin several days ago because he
refused to give Crowiey his horse. The
boy escaped.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
DANCE UNDER
THE BIG TREES,
Naval Officers Visit the
Redwood Grove Near
Santa Cruz.
TRAVEL IN CARRIAGES.
Admiral Beardslee and His Staff
Treated to a Country
Outing.
PASS A DAY IN THE HILLS.
Musicians From tbe Philadelphia
Awaken the Natives With
Lively Strains.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 29.— Admiral
Beardslee and staff and Captain Cotton of
the Philadelphia, and Captain Sumner of
the Monadnock, with a number of officers
of the ships, were driven to the Big Trees
this morning, returning about 6 o'clock
this evening, after a delightful day spent
in that famous grove of redwoods. The
party numbered about 100, half of whom
were from the ships. Others were citizens
who proffered their private carriages.
Judge Logan, P. O. Hihn, Lieutenant-
Governor Jeter, William Cope, Richard
Thompson, Mr. Welley and their wives
and a nnmber of other citizens and mem
bers of the recent carnival committee were
of the party. The Philadelphia's band
was sent up on the narrow-gauge train,
and supplied music for the outing party.
The carriage-drive is much more enjoy
able than the ride on the train, and Ad
miral Beardslee and party expressed their
delight with the beautiful scenery. The
Big Trees form one of the prettiest and
most picturesque of groves and proved as
much of an attraction as the ride. The
band played and tbe party danced or wan
dered about the grove at will.
It had been originally planned to ban
quet the officers of the warships before
they should depart for Monterey, but their
trip to the Big Trees seemed to be a much
better mode of entertainment, and Admiral
Beardslee agreed that nothing pleasanter
could have been devised.
NAVAL RESERVES DRILLED.
Execute Maneuvers Known to the Phila-
delphia's Men Only.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 29.—Lieuten
ant-Commander Ingersoll of the Philadel
phia gave thirty members of tbe fourth
gun division, Naval Battalion, N. G. C,
instruction in the famous physical drill
that is practiced by only the bluejackets
of the Philadelphia. This is the first time
that the drill has ever been taught to any
other than the ship's men. Lieutenant
Ingersoll, recognizing tbe merit of Naval
Reserves of this city, offered to give it a
lesson and a select squad of thirty men
was put through the evolutions to-night.
Lieutenant Mcrey, commanding this
battalion, bad a good deal of faith in the
men he picked for the duty, and he found
it was well founded when they received
praise from Lieutenant Ingersoll for the
readiness with which they obeyed the
commands and executed the maneuvers.
He has provided Lieutenant Morey with
the manual so these thirty men will be
perlected in the drill.
The Philadelphia will sail for Monterey
to-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock and the
Monadnock will go on a cruise, carrying
the naval reserve for a day's actual prac
tice at sea.
DELAYS ARE ENDED.
Construction of Santa Cruz's Courthouse
to Be Resumed.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 20.— Work
will be resumed on Santa Cruz's new
courthouse on next Wednesday. It has
been delayed for more than a month,
owing to various causes. About the mid
dle of May a number of subcontractors
tiled claims against Contractor McCabe,
and the City Bank presented to the Board
of Supervisors an assignment from Mc-
Cabe of the moneys due him from the
county upon completion of the work.
The other claims preceded it, so the bans
a week ago proposed to go on with the
work, proxided the subcontractors would
deduct 13}.^ per cent to allow tbe bank's
claim. This was arranged and the Super
visors to-day ordered the work to proceed
under direction of Architect Van Cleek.
funeral of Jackson Crooks.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 29. — Tbe
body of Jackson Crooks, who died yes
terday from an accidental pistol wound
inflicted Saturday night, will be carried to
San Francisco for burial in Masonic
Cemetery to-morrow morning. The funeral
will be "private, by request of the de
ceased. Mr. and Mrs. William H. Bias
and family will accompany their daughter
with the body.
FIRE AT SACRAMENTO.
The City Sewage Pumping Plant
Burned to the Ground,
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 29.— The
city sewage pumping plant was de
stroyed by fire to-night. The plant was
old and worn, and the project of renewal
had been under consideration by the
Board of City Trustees for some months,
but owing to the scarcity of funds it had
been considered advisable by tbe city
fathers to postpone tbe matter as long as
possible. To-night's conflagration will of
necessity force the issue.
As the city is built on level ground the
only methods of getting rid of sewage was
to run it through the mains to the sewer
age plant, where it was pumped over the
levee. Now it is probable that the levee
will have to be cut, so that the sewage can
be run into the reclamation district. This
may provoke a series of suits for damages
from the reclamation district owners.
The loss from to-night's tire in estimated
at from $8000 to $10,000.
SAN BERNARDINO'S OLDEST MAX.
" Uncle" George Lord Celebrate* Bit
Mnety-Sixth Birthday.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., June 29.—
George Lord of this city reached his
ninety-sixth birthday last Saturday, he
having been born on June 27, 1800. He
came to California in 1849, and followed
the business of mining for many years.
The Pioneer Society of this county called
on "Uncle George" in a body last Satur
day, and passed a pleasant hour in remi
niscences.
Fall of a Clnutton Carpenter.
MODESTO, Cal., June 29, — Charles
Vezey, a carpenter on the Haslacher <fe
Kahn warehouse at the new town of Ciaus
ton, fell from the rafters of the roof this
morning, and received iniuries which
nearly resulted in his death. His right
wrist was broken and his head, face and
shoulders bruised. A board, which had
broken under him, struck tbe ground
first, and the end pierced Vezey's throat.
SAN DIEGO BALLOTS COUNTED
City Fathers Announce a Majority for the
Bond Issue — Work on the
Water System.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., June 29.— The City
Council to-night canvassed the vote cast
on Saturday on the question of issuing
$1,500,000 of bonds for the acquisition of a
new water system. The official vote was
found to be 2540 for the bonds and 1184
against, giving a total of 57^ for the bonds
over the necessary two-th rds majority.
Ordinances were adopted ratifying all
those passed up to the present time and
declaring the vote official.
Work on the new system was be^un
with a rush this morning by E. S. Bab
cock, who, with John D. Spreckels, is the
leading spirit in the enterprise. The com
pany is constructing Otay dam for its own
use, and the constructing engineer, two
gangs of men and a lot of machinery were
sent out to-day to resume operations. The
dam is about half finished. It will irrigate.
several thousand acres of lemon land.
Two other engineering corps were sent
out to beein work on the Morena dam,
which will be owned by the city, and the
Barretts dam, which is the property of
the company. Steel for the completion of
the Otay dam was ordered by wire from
Chicago. Roads are to be cut through to
Morena, which is in an almost inacces
sible portion of tbe Laguna Mountains.
Friendly suits to test the validity of the
bonds just authorized were begun to-day
in the Superior Court here and in the
Federal court at Los Angeles. It is ex
pected that the action here will be sent to
the Supreme Court at once, and that a de
cision will be banded down within a few
months. In the meantime work will pro
ceed without interruption. The San
Diego Flume Company, which has had a
monopoly of the city water business,
threatens to begin suit to contest the
election.
TRIED TO STRANGLE HER,
Gertie Johnson Assailed Last
Night by a Burly Saloon-
Keeper.
Her Screams Attracted a Policeman
and He Placed the Offender
Under Arrest
Thomas Anderson, a saloon-keeper by
occupation, is behind the bars of the City
Prison, charged with attempting to strangle
a young woman of the haJf-world named
Gertie Johnson.
The assault occurred in a disreputable
house on the corner of Bush and Dupont
streets. Officer Crowley, who was passing,
was attracted by the screams of the John
son woman. HeTiurried into the build-
Ing, arriving in time to see the thoroughly
frightened girl rush out of her room into
the hallway. The woman told the officer
her story, and he placed Anderson under
arrest and charged him with assault at
ihe California-street station.
Detective Bohen, who for many weeks
has been searching for the stranatler who
I murdered May McDermott and Bertha
Paridis, was communicated with and he
questioned the young woman as to the
assault made upon her.
"This man," she said, pointing toward
Anderson, "called at my room about 9
o'clock and we drank a few glasses of wine
together. Finally he began to act strange,
and as my mind was lull of the recent
murders, I became frightened.
"Without saying anything to him I
attempted to leave the room, and he
sprang in front of me and exclaimed '1
am a desperate man, don't attempt to
trifle with me.' I screamed, and he
grabbed me by the throat and threw me
on the bed. He choked me severely, but I
finally managed to struggle from his
grasp. I rushed into the hallway, and
meeting the officer who had been attracted
by my screams, informed him as to what
bad happened, and he placed my assailant
under arrest."
Anderson strongly denies having made
an attempt to strangle the woman, and
offers as an explanation of his actions
that he was only joking.
Denied a Xew Trial.
NEWPORT, Kt., June 29.— Judge Helm
to-day overruled the motion for a new
trial in the case of Alonzo Walling, re
cently convicted of complicity in the mur
der of Pearl Bryan.
NEW TO-DAT.
"~~AI?fERATION^ALE.
Cloth moT"
g races .: ir
oh — h
It's easy to put a price on a suit of clothes— A NEWS- tT\
m^ PAPER— but when you come to "the store that advertises Li
Mn that price and that suit, do you get what is advertised *Vi
We offer you during this sale certain things and what we ' pAJ
fj. advertise we have here to give you.. Some of the offers >^^
made by others are absurd — price is in the papers and
in the windows— see if you can find the goods inside. With -l
Uus it's simply this— we have these goods and want to sell them ►"■!
P™* honestly at the Alteration Sale prices. Here they are : .
1 SBBBBB9SSB
i ■■,;;,■■ , ■■■■ ,„„■„„„„„„ , o
(/) Special 4th of July Offers- -52
M, 500 REGULAR <J)
Osls, $18, $20
r—"
P 1 MEN'S DRESS SUITS— L,
[j NOW- ™
| $8,45, $10,85, $12,45. a
[-m ■ ■ ■■;■■-; , ; - ; -.v ■; ' . ■■-■.■■.-:■ .. Q
i H.IMMERFIELD 1
&, CO.,
922-930 MARKET ST.
ALTERATION SALE.
FELL HEADLONG
TO HIS DEATH,
Fatal Accident to James
Dawson, an Electric
Lineman.
CAUGHT A LIVE WIRE.
The Shock Threw Him From
the Top of a Pole on Mar
ket Street.
HE DIED IN A FEW MINUTES.
Hundreds of Prcmenaders on the
Street Were Horrified by Seeing
Him Fall.
Hundreds of people who were prome
nading Market street yesterday afternoon
about half-past 2 o'clock were started by
seeing a man fall from the tnp of an elec
tric light pole and strike upon the sidewalk
with great violence.
The man was James Dawson, a Inieman
in the employment of the Edison Electric
Light and Power Company. He and a
fellow-workman, Dan Desmond, were on
top of a pole in front of Sanborn, Vail &
Co.'s store engaged in running a loop on a
dead wire.
By some means or other the wires be
came tangled and Dawson was caught in
a coil of live wire that wrapped about his
body below the arms and around his legs.
He screamed in his agony as he received
through his body the whole force of the
company's powerful electric current and
grasped the live wire with his hands. He
swayed for a moment Bnd then fell.
His body struck against some telephone
wires and, rebounding, came to the side
walk with great violence.
Desmond made a brave attempt to res
cue him before he fell, but was too late.
Desmond was thoroughly unnerved as he
slid down tbe pole and looked at the
scorched and mangled body of his fellow
workman.
Women who saw the poor fellow fall
screamed, and a crowd of horrified men
pushed across the street. A hack w.is
quickly summoned, and Dawson, who was
unconscious, was picked up from the side
walk and driven rapidly to the Receiving
Hospital. Dr. Helms made a hasty ex
amination of the man and pronounced
him dead. He had died in the hack on
the way to the hospital.
When the body was examined it was
found that the hands and legs were badly
scorched, and the flesh had also been
scorched about the chest. As he fell a
distance of about fifty feet it is probable
that he was to all intents and purposes
dead before he was picked up from the
sidewalk.
The body was removed to the Morgue,
ana an inqn«st will bo held to determine
whether the man's death was caused by
his own careles-ness or how.
Dawson was 26 years of age and unmar
ried. He lived at 810 Howard street. Yes
terday was his first day of work for two
weeks. While engaged in a pole-climbing
contest with some of his fellow-linemen
about two weeks ago he fell and received
severe injuries which confined him to his
bed.
This is the first fatal accident the Edison
company has had among their employes
since commencing business in this City.
Dr. J. S. Barrett held an autopsy on
Dawson'a body last evening and filed a
certificate stating that the deceased had
met his death through a shock from an
electric current. Also that Dawson had a
superficial burn on the dorsal surface of
the right thumb at the second phalange;
a burn over the anterior surface of the
lower one-third of the right arm; a burn
over the posterior surface of the upper one
third of the right arm ; a burn on the dor
sal surface of the left band and a burn
over the posterior surface of the left arm
at the elbow.GREETED WITH CHEERS
BY HIS CONSTITUENTS,
Congressman Maguire
Given an Ovation
Last Evening.
HOWTHE INFAMOUS FUNDING
BILL WAS KILLED.
The "Magnificent Work of The Call'" De
clared to Have Been One of the Potent
Factors in Uncle Collis' Undoing
at Washington City.
At the anti- fund ing ratification meeting
last night Metropolitan Temple was
crowded into the halls. Even the gallery
steps were utilized as seats. Many ladies
were in tne audience.
A large bonfire blazed at Fifth and Mar
ket streets. Cassasa's band played at the
Temple entrance and afterward inside.
There was plenty of enthusiasm. Mention
of the names of Senator White, Congress
man Maguire and Mayor Sutro brought
out ovations of applause and cheers. The
Congressman bowed his acknowledg
ments, but the Mayor was not there to
hear his name cheered to the echo. He is
in Napa County.
Applause followed the appearance on
the platform of the vice-presidents. Of
the list of vice-presidents the following
were present: Stewart Menzies, George
K. Fitch, Joseph Leggett, C. M. Shortridge,
D. Gilbert Dexter, Clitus Barbour, \V. M.
Banker, James H. Barry, Richard Lam
bert. W. Macarihur, John Fay, John P.
Dun, R. JL. Mann, W. J. Biggy and Max
Popper.
Due credit was given by Congressman
Maguire and other speakers in well-turned
words to The Call, the Examiner, the
Evening Report, the Washington Star,
the San Francisco Star and to Ambrose
Bierce, tne Washington correspondent, for
his fidelity to the cause and to DavenDort
and Swinnerton, the newspaper artists.
When Congressman Maguire mentioned
the name of Congressman Johnson there
was a demonstration in the audience.
When he mentioned the name of the
other members of the California delega
tion, other Congressmen from other States
who had helped in the fight at Washing
ton, and of Senator Morgan of Alabama
there were enthusiastic applause and
cheers.
Tlie meeting was called to order by
James H. Barry. When he concluded his
rem irks the vice-presidents were nicely
selti<>d in their chairs. Mr. Barry said:
"You know ior what purpose this meet
ing nas been called, it has been called to
ratiiy the action of Congress over the in
fani Ju3 funding bill. lam here simply to
introduce the chairman of the meeting,
the Hon. J. D. Phelan."
The applause that greeted Chairman
Phelan when he stepped forward was
almost deafening.
Mr. Phelan said: "Ladies and gentle
men: lam not here this evening to make
a speech. There are others here who have
more information than I have, and they
will address you. Certain of the Southern
Pacific lobbyists at Washington declared
that the opponents of the funding bill in
California were communists and anarch
ists. If this be true, then everybody in
California must therefore come under this
category. All of our Representatives at
Washington, save one, fought gallantly
against the infamy, and that one nas been
Bhown up in his true light of fawning j
servility by the local press.
"We maintain that this funding matter !
is simply a business proposition. In 1862 j
the Government gave the railway certain
privileges, in return for which it took
liens on the property. These liens are
shortly to become due. Tje railroad
people want the time on the liens to be
extended and the debt to remain unpaid.
The people of California, however, de
mand that the lien be foreclosed.
"When the Government shall have fore
closed several different things may hap
pen. We may have Government owner
ship of the railroads. [Loud appiause.]
"On the other hand, if the road should
fall into the hands of another corporation
we will have what we have been so long
anxiously waiting for, a transcontinental
competing railroad.
"We who nave lived in this State all our
lives scarcely appreciate to what extent
we are in the power of the railroad. It
hems us in on the east, the south, the
north, and, strange to say, even in the
west.
"Our delegation at Congress is repre
sented here to-night, and through its
spokesman Will tell us of the fi_:bt. We |
wish to show them, that they may tell
their fellow-representatives at Washing
ton the kind of citizens who oppose the
passage of the infamous refunding meas- j
ure."
Mr. McArthur, as a labor representa
tive, spoke as follows after chairman Phe
lan:
"I will preface my remarks with the
following trite complet:
Honor and shame from no conditions rise.
Act well thy part, in that the honor lies.
"As I recalled the couplet of Pope I
thought how great a common ground it
constituted between various revolutions.
As I stand here, a representative of the
laboring men of California, I am de
lighted to voice the praise of the laborers
for their honored representative whom I
believe has been esteemed by the laboring
clo u s longer and more zealously than all
other?.
"There is one thing I wish to say here
this evening — something that may per
haps be not exactly in place. I wish to
voice the grateful thanks to our honored
Congressman on behalf of the American
seamen. Congressman Maguire has done
for the seamen what Lincoln did for the
slaves."
J. J. Ualyin, who officiated as secretary
of the meeting, read the list of vice-presi
dents and the following resolutions. The
resolutions were unanimously and very
vociferously received and adopted near
the close of the meeting:
Retolved, That we, the citizens of San Fran
Cisco, in mass-meeting assembled, do hereby
hereby heartily indorse Congressmen Maeuire,
Barham, Hilborn and Bowers, Senators White
and Perkins of California and Senator John T.
Morgan of Alabama for their able, earnest and
determined opposition to the consideration of
the Pacific Railroad's infamous refunding bill,
whereby its passage was prevented at the last
session of Congress, and we entreat them io
continue their laudable efforts in our behalf in
the future; and
Retolvtd, That we commend Congressman
Loud «n<3 McLachlan lor their promises, pub
licly made, to vote against the funding bill,
and earnestly nrpe them to strenuously sec
ond the efforts of their colleagues to defeat the
measure; and
Retolvtd. That we tender to Senator Goebel
and his collegues in the Legislature of Ken
tucky the iiear'felt thanks- of the people of
California lor their efforts to repeal the char
ter of the Southern Pacific Company of .Ken
tucky, and we urge them to continue their ef
forts in that direction; and
Resolved, That we emphasize our apprecia
tion of the gallan t and continued efforts of our
honored Mayor, Adolph Sutro, who has given
his time and money unsparingly in this fight
for the people; and
Resolved, That the tnanks of this meeting
and of the people of the entire Pacific Coast
are due to the Examiner and its Washington
correspondeut, Ambrose Bierce, for their faith
ful publication of all the information concern
ing and invaluable services against the fund
ing infamy, and we also thank The Call of
San Francisco and the Star of Washington,
D. C., for their active ana constant opposition
to the mea.-ure; and be it finally
Resolved, That we hereby denounce the false
and shameless statpments of P. Huntington
and his lobby concerning the character and
motives of our citizens who have opposed his
nefarious schemes. John P. Dunn,
Stewart Menzies,
Joseph Leggett,
Richard Lam beet.
Chairman Pbelan neatly turned the ad
dresses of the evening to speeches to the
question of the adoption of the resolution
and the programme ran along smoothly.
The only thing that interrupted it was the
frequent applause.
Acting Mayor Taylor Rogers was intro
duced as the representative of Mayor Su
tro. He read a letter from the Mayor as
lollows :
Calistoga. Cal., June 27, 1896.
Fellow-Citizens: Allow me the privilege of
congratulating you on this meeting.
For though absent in body I am with you
most deeply In my very soul, to rejoice in the
triumphs of the hour.
The people of San Francisco, aye, of the
whole State, have great cause to be Droud.
So far victory has been theirs, notwithstand
ing the gigantic corporations against them.
For it is in truth a supreme victory to have
defeated the infamous scheme of Mr. Hunting
ton.
That meant to bind burdens around the
.neck of the farmer and miner, the merchant
and laborer.
It meant the increase of the price of all
merchandise, a higher rate of taxation all over
the State.
These burdens, for the moment, nave been
cast aside.
For this let full praise be given to our Con
gressmen who have been loyal to this grand
commonwealth.
They all, with n notorious exception, deserve
■ our thanks— the wreath of approval by a satis
fied people. .
In this regard permit me to name Judge
Maguire as pre-eminent in his devotion, zeal
ous in his work and brave and loyal in his
duty to you.
But while we all join voices in this ovation,
let me warn you with profound emphasis.
The danger is not past— it is still ahead.
For with Shakespeare I tell you:
"We have scotched a snake, not killed it."
The people must make another snpreme ef
fort at the coming session, for bribery, coer
cion and cajolery will be employed then to
pass some funding bill.
Use all means to help your Congressmen
inform the East of our industrial chains.
Implore your Atlantic frienas for even
handed justice.
Do ali thnt honest men can do, and leave the
battle to a just God, to guide and prosper for
the good of our people and the fair name of
California.
You may rely upon me to the extent of my
power.
In conclusion, permit the suggestion that
the following resolution be passed by this
body:
"Resolved, That the National Democratic Con
vention at Chicago be requested to insert a
plank denouncing the pending bill or any
other funding bill."
Yours for right and justice,
Adolph Sutro.
The resolution suggested by the Mayor
was adopted:
Continuing acting Mayor Taylor said:
"What is the issue involved in this cam
paign? Why are we here to-night? It is
for a reason that reaches to the heart of
the whole peopie and this great Govern
ment. I repeat, what is the great issue in
this campaign — "
A voice in the audience shouted, "Sil
ver."
This created some amusement.
'No, it is not silver. Silver is another
issue. lam not here to make that kind of
a speech.
"The great iusue," he said, "is this:
That there is no man under the stars and
stripes who is greater than the law. This
should be promulgated till the funding
bill is crushed and cast into the sea. The
Southern Pacific has thrown the glove
into the arena. Their attitude is the atti
tude of old Boss Tweed, 'What are you
going to do about it?' Mr. Huntingtou
spits with contempt on the law which gave
him his great fortune.
"What is the remedy for all this? It is
that the strong arm of Uncle Sam shall
take Mr. Huntingtou by the throat and
cboke the life out of him." After the
fashion of the Roman Senator who de
clared that Carthage must be destroyed he
said the cry of the people of California
should be that the railroad must be de
stroyed. He advised the people to elect
no one to Congress whom they were not
sure would onpose the funding bill, and
paid a tribute to Maguire.
Henry E. Highton was the next speaker
introduced by the chairman. He said:
I join with pleasure in the congratulation
on the temporary defeat of the funding bill.
The occasion for an exultant demonstration
has not yet arisen. The funding bill will be
pressed at the next session of Congress and if
it be then buried among the unsuccessful
frauds oi the century then shall we be justified
in anticipating the final emancipation of the
State from railroad oppression and corruption
and swelling the triumphant chorus of
victory.
Is the power of money, through corporations
ai.d otherwise, to control government—Na
tional, State end municipal? Here and at
Washington all that is most dangerous and
most sinister in the controversy is typified and
represented by C. P. Huntington, a pioneer of
California, who is the most inveterate and un
compromising enemy of its permanent wei
mre, and who, in the shadow of Wall street,
attacks its industries and its reputation.
Our own people have been practically unani
mous against the funding bill, and, however
much they have been mutilated and bled, they
are not of the fiber to submit forever to a rail
road dictatorship supported by Venetian
methods.
At the last session of Congress Mr. Hunting
ton, unless he has been grossly misrepresented,
resorted to wholesale slander and falsehood.
Of the gentlemen who signed the memoiiai
authorized by the State convention, he is pub
lished as having ca:d that they were "as un
i v my a crowd as ever fanner found lurking
around his henroost."
Mr. Huntingtou is. reported to have said that
the opponents of the funding bill here were as
uncanny a crowd as a farmer ever found
lurking arour.d his henroost. Let me say
right here that he would be a fool who would
be found lurking around a henhouse that Mr.
Huntington hart left.
There has never been a movement in the
nistory of the funding bill when Mr. Hunting
ton would have dared to appeal to the people,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
through petitions or public meetings, and the I
only attempt he ever made in that direction
was proved to be a fraud.
1 doubt if he could secure the Indorsement
of a single voting precinct in the State. I am
convinced (hat, with all the pressure he could
bring to bear, he could not find 3000 of our
citizens who would avow themselves to be
advocates of his refunding scheme. I now
present an incomplete list of the varioas
bodies that have declared against the con
spiracy and in favor of strict foreclosure
within the last six months:
San Francisco Union for Practical Progress,
San Francisco Committee of Fifty, California
Anti-Funding Bill Convention, San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, Alameda County Fed
erated Trades, Society of American Socialists,
Prohibition State Central Committee; Gait
Lodge No. 1, Patriots of America; San Fran
cisco Iroquois Club, Democratic State Central
Committee, Alameda County Populist Conven
tion, Republican State Convention, Nevada
State Republican Convention, State Populist
Convention, Prohibition party convention,
San Francisco Labor Council.
Here are sixteen different organizations, rep
resenting labor, trade, commerce, patriotic
fraternities and every political party extant.
If I had preserved the facts the list might
easily have been doubled. I have omitted, for
example, a convention of the Supervisors of
the different counties of California, which
lately, at San Jose, adopted similar resolutions.
With these facts beiore you you can realize
the monstrous falsehood of the assertion that
the opponents of refunding in California were
only "a few hundreds."
But it was said at Washington that Cali
fornia had nothing to propose in place of the
refunding scheme. This again was a lie.
Congressman Maguire hit the nail on the head
and was overwheimingiy indorsed when he
voiced public sentiment. The substitute lor
refunding is strict foreclosure.
The speaker of the evening was next in
troduced. After the applause which
greeted Judge Maguire had subsided, he
spoKe as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Fellow Citizens: I like
this practice of calling on the representatives
of the neople to give an account of their stew,
ardship. I believe that many of our present
evils are due to lack of appreciation of a rep
resentative on the part ot his constituency. I
myself should dread to return to Congress if I
hp.d been a traitor to my people and had failed
to do what it was my duty to do.
, This funding bill tight has become pretty
well known through tne press. I will, there
fore, not dwell upon its details, but will tell
how the fight is being carried on by the South
ern Pacihc Company, an incorporated pirate,
organized in Kentucky and allowed to plunder
every State except Kentucky.
Alter much trouble we finally succeeded in
being assigned a day to be heard before the
Pacific Railroads Committee of the House.
Meanwhile a mass-meeting had been held in
San Francisco, and a representation was sent
on to Washington consisting of Charles A.
Sumner and Mr. Perkins. Although they
failed to arrive on the Monday when the Com
mittee on Railroads met, we used up the time
until a general meeting was held, at which the
Californians were given a hearing.
We had a strong minority and made a gallant
fight. They had men pledged to support the
funding bill. They had the support and in
fluence of all other railroads in the country.
The fight was on the floor of the House.
He mentioned Congressmen Boatner,
Harris of Tennessee and Cooper of Wis
consin for their good and effective work
against the funding bill. Continuing he
said: •
In connection with the work of the mass
meeting in this City which sent the repre
sentatives on to Washington I wish to mention
especially the work of Hon. Adolph Sutro.
Mr. Sutro found a lack of suitable literature
in Washington and furthermore discovered
that the report of the Pacific Railroads com
mittee and the copies of the San Francisco
papers containing the famous -'Colton" letters
had been lost. I had to telegraph to San Fran
cisco ior the nece-isary papers and Mayor
Sutro promptly and generously procured and
forwarded them to Washington. We secured
promptly and used effectively that literature.
Armed with these we proceeded, and here I
want to say that in spite of the condemnation
of the distribution of this literature by cer
tain persons very much is due to these letters
and pamphlets. Many Representatives took
exception to the sending of this literature, but
I found nobody who felt insulted at it who
was not one of Mr. Huntington's hirelings.
In the present Congress we met with strong
and. determined opposition. Even those who
had formerly supported us were prevented
from assisting us as before. Mr. Cooper was
ruthlessly removed. 1 don't say that Speaker
Reed did it at the instance of Mr. Huntington,
but the great influence of the great railroads
was perhaps impelled to leave Cooper off, and
we had no friend in the committee but Boat
ner.
A determined and powerful lobby, mar
shaled by Mr. Huntington, the kiiigof lobby
i ists, came on to Washington. Old as he is,
j rich as he Is, powerful as he is, C. P. Huntington
will still crawl iibout the corridors and halls
of \V'ashtiigton in search oi pennies.
We found that the Senate committee on Pa
cific railroads was in favor of refunding. But
there was one giant on the committee who had
been a member of it since its organization,
and that Senator was Jonn T. Morgan, one of
the greatest statesmen of the United States.
And if it were not for his misfortune to have
been a major in the Confederate army he
I would certainly stand without a peer among
| tnose who are named as Presidential candi
! dates.
Mr. I.oud and Mr. McLachlan both asserted
from the beginning that they would stand
true to their pledges to vote against the bill.
But I believe that even California representa
tives ought not only to vote against but fight
the iunding bill.
I give credit to Representatives Barham,
Bovvers and McLachlan for th<'ir work among
the Republicans against the funding bill.
The Bowers bill, providing for the refund
ing of both roads and extending the time to
eighty-six years and fixing the interest at 2
per cent instead of 3, as under the Reilly bill,
was substituted in the Fifty-fourth Congress.
To us of the Pacific Coast it made little differ
ence.
It asked that the Government shall carry a
debt cf some $112,000,000 for these compa
nies for fifty-five years at 2 per cent, whereas
the Government has to pay over 3% per cent.
We are fighting against such a "business"
proposition as this. We believe that by fore
closure the Government can realize at least 50
per cent of the debt due it, and that all con
nection can be severed with these men who
have fattened upon the people so long. We
believe that if the refunding course is taken
the Government will realize less than one
third of what it would get by foreclosure. We
have the remedy of foreclosure, and we are
confident that it is sufficient.
I hold that the true fountain of the Govern
ment is to govern and not to engage in any
private business, except where it is necessary
to take charge of a public utility in order to
prevent private monopoly. I believe in mak
ing the railroads public highways and letting
private enterprises compete freely in passenger
and freight transportation. If this were done
and the six big trunk lines competed freely
over the Pacific roads I believe that this com
petition would benefit us far more than any
Interstate Commerce Commission. If this ex
perimerft should be impossible to put into
operation I would advocate Government own
ership of the roads. [Applause.]
| |But if even that be impossible to realize, let
us have the road soid out to some competing
railroads. If the road is purchased at a reas
onable rate and operated as a business matter,
I believe that competition will do what it has
done in the case of the Valley Railroad. [Ap
plause.] For I read that the opening of the
Valley road for a short distance down the
San Joaquin Valley has "enabled" the South
ern Pacific to lower its freight rates on grain
in the San Joaquin Valley.
I have been asked by the committee to state
what was done by myself and colleagues in
California in this contest. I found Barham,
Hilborn and W. W. Bowers ready and willing
to take off" their coats against the bill. In this
matter they said to me. "We have no politics.
Count on us and we will stand together with
out political distinction."
The san Francisco Call did magnificent work
from beginning to end. In the Fifty-third
Congress, when I stood almost disheartened at
the prospects beiore us, 1 was encouraged by
tne accounts in the Examiner and The Call of
the support we were receiving from our friends
3000 miles away.
George K. Fitch, formerly editor of The Call,
worked nobly and bravely on our side until no
longer able to do so, and then, happily, the
management passed to Charles M. Shortridge,
who has continued the good work of his prede
cessor. Besideß the work of these papers the
work of the Washington Star and the San Fran
cisco Star as well [applause] was particularly
commendable.
I believe that the funding bill is effectually
.blocked in Congress. The last of the payments
is due In 1899. Until the process of foreclos
ure is completed and the decree of execution
issued the fight will still remain before us.
But I believe that if the people of California
will continue their work as they have worked
in the past the fight is ours.
The railroad people hove, if they are success
ful in the House, they can eccomplish their
end in the Senate ; but, thanks to the presence
of Perkins and White of California and Mor
gan of Alabama in the Senate any attempt to
pass any refunding bill must run'the gauntlet
of a tireless opposition. Senator White has de
clared that should the matter come up in the
Senate he would, for the purpose of education,
read the whole nine volumes of the Pacific
Railway Commission's report before the bill
could be passed.
In conclusion, I think I may safely say that
although until the roads are foreclosed we
shall not be absolutely iafe, yet the people
ciin consider themselves secure as fur as their
representatives in the National halls of legis
lation are concerned. And finally I wish to
congratulate and thank the people of Califor
nia for the appreciation and thanks they have
bestowed upon their servants in the faithful
performance of their duties to their constitu
ency,
NEW PLAYS SEEN
AT THE THEATERS
"His Wife's Father" Proves
Amusing at the Co
lumbia.
REALISM AT THE GRAND
"Sweet Violets" Wins the Ap
proval of the California
Audience.
THE TIVOLI'S NEW VENTURE
A Particularly Good Bill at the Or
pheum — Reappearance of the
Midgets.
The possibilities of the father-in-law as
a theme of domestic strife seem to be just
dawning upon dramatists. To judge from
the two father-in-law plays produced by
Miss Rose Coghlan, Who Will Arrive Here To-Day to Play at the California.
the Frawley Company during its present
engagement "the old man" can be an even
more fruitful source of trouble than the
much-ridiculed and hackneyed mother-in
law.
"The Two Escutcheons," played some
weeks ago, contained two fathers-in-law
on the rampage. ''His Wife's Father,"
which was produced last night, centered
round one, but he was a host in himself
and managed to keep things brisk and
lively from the opening of the first act to
the end of the fourth.
Miss Martha Morton, who wrote the
play, confesses to having taken the cen
tral theme from the German, but she has
succeeded in giving it considerable American
local coloring.
The plot is little more than a category of the
woes endured by Frank Hamilton and his
bride, Nell, from the officious affection of
Nell's father. The story of their troubles, in
spite of its simplicity, is so naturally aud
.humorously told, however, that it is more ef
fective than many comedies with more preten
tious plots.
■ The scene opens on the young people's wed- i
ding day, where Buchanan Billings astonishes
his son-in-law-elect by turning his business :
over to him and announcing that henceforth
he intends to aevote his entire life to making !
his daughter happy. The joy of this news is ;
embittered by the further announcement that i
there is to be no wedding tour, as he docs not j
wish to let his Nell go away with a strange !
man, but that in a few weeks he himself will
take the bride and groom on a trip to Califor- {
nia.
The young people outwit him, however, and |
steal away after the ceremony, leaving him. I
as he pathetically expresses it, "an orphaned I
father/
In the second act Billings has become simply j
unbearable. His unfortunate children live
with him. and having no occupation he de
votes himself to making them happy with |
such disastrous results that even the cook |
rises in rebellion and leaves on the spot, as a
protest against the fond parent meddling in j
the domestic economy of the kitchen.
Frank Hamilton and Nell escape to a little
flat of their own, but Billings lollows them,
and it is only when he has caused a real es
trangement between his Nell and her husband
that iHHings becomes chastened and resolves
to obtrude his presence less upon his daughter
and son-in-law.
Harry Carson Clarke gave a very nmusing
interpretation to the role ot the selfish, blun
dering, fond father.
At first he showed some tendency to exag
geration, but as the play progressed and his
role grew more one of tribulation he toned
down his superfluous energy and gave acare
ful character study of the father-in-law.
Frank Worthing was natural as Huniilton, the
unfortunate son-in-law. Miss Bates, who
pluyed the role of Nell, returned to her gush- j
ing, spasmodinc style, which is effective in
some parts, but which palls upon an audience
when seen too often and in too many parts.
As the slavey last week Miss Bates showed
that she is versatile enough to throw off her
mannerisms when she chooses, and it is a pity
that she retains quite so many of them as Nell.
Tyrone Power gave a clever and careful in
terpretation of the part of a poor but arrogant
relation. George Leslie was a trifle less George
Leslie than usual as Ferdinand Langdon, the
whisky drummer with social aspirations, ana j
the same may be said of Miss Phosa McAllister j
as the aunt-in-law.
Miss .Maaee Carr Cook was bright and pleas
ing as the widow who consoled the father-in
law, Miss Lftnsing Rowan acted her part grace
fully, and Miss Hope Ross was, as usual, a
charming Ingenue.
At the Tivoll.
"A Trip to the Moon" will continue to be the
attraction at the Tivoli all this week.
The sale of seats tor the season of grand
opera, under the direction of Guslav Hinrichs,
opened yesterday. On Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday nnd Saturday evenings of next -, eek
Donizetti's favorite grand opera, "Lucia," will
be given, with Mme. Louise Natalie, Sig.
Fernando Michaelana, Sig. Maurice de Vries,
Signor Abramoff r.nd other artists in the
cast, assisted by an enlarged chorus and aug
mented orchestra. Wednesday, Friday and
Sunday evenings for the first time in this City
will be sung Gounod's tragic opera, "Romeo
and Juliet." In this opera Nina Bertini
Humphreys and the contralto, Anna Russell,
will make their first appearance.
At the Orpheum,
An almost entirely new bill was presented at
the Orpheum last night and one that was
quite above the average in merit.
The Frederick troupe, consisting of five
athletes, who style themselves the demon
acrobats, do some clever work on a couple ot
ladders, as well as on the stage. Watson and
Duprez are a couple of singing and dialogue
artists, who do an amusing turn, though It
might be shorter without detracting Irom
their popularity.
The four Maisonos are pantomimists and
musical eccentrics, who are all clever mimos.
Collins and Collins are two sistrrs who have
the approved music-hall style of chortling and
who introduce some dashing dialogues and
ditties.
The Midgets, who appeared in a short return
engagement, proved if possible more popular
than ever. Their sparring-match Is the Tery
poetry of prizefighting, and the little fellows
were rapturously applauded. The vitascope
has some new pictures. The famous May
Irwin-John Kice kiss, which like Tennyson's
brook goes on forever, was lauirhed at and ap
plauded, and Cissy Fitzgerald, the dancer, who
was at once recognized by her wink, was with
out delay taken into the good graces of the
gallery. The marimba players are another
good addition to the new attractions.
Among the hold-overs are Billy Van, in a
new dialogue, and Lilly Western, who plays on
nine instruments, some of them very cleverly.
At the Grand.
"One of the Bravest" opened to a typical
first-night audience at the Grand. The play
is one well calculated to appeal to the popular
taste. It is a comedy-drama, well inter
spersed with song and lively action. The
specialties are all good. Emmet Sheridan, the
star, appears to advantage In the character of
Larry Howard, one of the bravest of the New
York Fire Department. He is not out of place
in comedy-drama, but the playbills are a de
lusion arid a snare when they emblazon his
name in the face of the public as a great
singer. He is graceful enough and has a pleas
ing voice. It has no saw-teeth.
The interest centers in two villains omni-
present and arousine indignation. The prin
cipal villain, Rufus Ward, causes the death of
a prosperous merchant by getting ' 'Tiger. " his
partner, to explode a dynamite bomb on board
a ship. He afterward shoots Harry Howard,
the heroic member of the Now York Fire De
partment. Subsequently he chloroforms the
widow of the dead merchant aud steals the
child. Harry Howard foils the villain. The
most thrilling scene in the play is that depict
ing the burning of a tenement-house, when
the engine is drawn on the stage by a spirited
team ot horses and the firemen handle the ap
paratus just as they do in real life. It is a
striking reaiistic scene. Mr. Sheridan displays
his agility in making hii escape from the sec
ond story of a bnilding, using the latest con
trivances for the rescue of people from burn
ing buildings. Another realistic scene is the
opium den.
Gilbert and Goldie are a strong comedian
team, and the respective parts of Policeman Mc-
Ginty and Mrs, Grogan do not suffer at their
hands. There is plenty of action and no drag,
and the first-nighters found nothinc at which
to cavil.
The California.
Sydney Gnindy's four-act play, "A Bunch of
Violets," as produced by L. R. Stockwell's
company at the California last night, has few
vulnerable points open to criticism.
j The play deala with the life of Sir Philip
I Marchant, a mau of the world, who sacrifices
I everything to attain his end. He is a specula
; tor, and places on tne market mines and
stocks that ure fictitious, while he poses before
; the wnrld as & good and charitable man.
Mr. Murgatroyd, a plain Yorkshire man, is
! one of his dupes. Merchant's home consists of
! himself, his wife and daughter Violet. The
j play derives its name, "A Bunch of Violets,"
from the fact that every morning his daughter
1 brings him a fresh bunch for his boutonniere.
| She is very, devoted to him and he loves her
dearly— one of the virtues of his life.
Mr. Kelcey in Sir Philip has a character well
I suited, and Miss Eflie Shannon appeared as
1 a light comedy adventuress. Mr. Stockwell
was the old Yorkshire capitalist, and Beach
j and Sullivan fitted well in their respective
: roles. Miss Oliver, as the injured wife, and
Miss Winona Shannon, as the loving daughter
| Violet, have two of the best characters.
The play was a great success in London, and
New York, where the part of Sir Philip was
played by Beerbohm Tree.
The cast is strong ana the parts are well as
signed. There is hardly a dull line or dialogue
in the play, and the closing of the third act is
intense. Mr, Kelcey makes a good Sir Philip,
and Miss Oliver and Miss Effie Shannon,
though their roles as Lady Marchant and Mrs.
Murgatroyd were widely different, are even
candidates for popular favor.
The Park Theater.
The second week ql the season at the Park
Theater opened last night with the Irish com
edy-drama entitled "The Rambler From
Clare." This production is one in which there
is a combination of pathos and mirth, and Dan
McCarthy, who assumes the part of Tony Sulli
van, the leading character, has a splendid
opportunity to display his talent and he did
so to the utmost, and his efforts were heartily
I applauded.
His acting is neat and very natural, and
while his voice In song is not powerful It is
sweet aud pleasing. The life ol the piece is
I Rosle Dwyer, characterized by Miss Lou
Ripley, a stout young lady who is as lively as a
cricket and portrays the lines of the author
! with much faithfulness. Charles W. Swain,
ihe comedian, late of the Grand Opera house,
in the chMracter of Paddy Mctadden, has
much to keep him busy and does that in away
to excite much laughter. In the third act
Irish songs, jigs and dances, and dances that
were not Irish are introduced to the satis
faction of the audience as evinced by generous
applause. "The Rambler From Clare" will
appear every night this week.
An Insolvent Hotel-Keeper.
Andrew Ketterer, proprietor of the North
Beach Hotel, has filed a petition in insloveucy.
He uwes $4904 97, and hh assets are about
$400.
The cure of sleeplessness requires a
clean, good bed, sufficient exercise to pro
mote weariness, pleasant occupation, good
air, and not too warm a room; a clear con
science and avoidance of stimulants and
narcotics.
NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
GIGAffIfPDRCHASE
. . '. — — — OX* — : —
RIBBONS
'. __ . j&jrc : — • :
STDPENDODS REDUCTIONS !
We have just uncased and this week place on sale a GIGANTIC
SPECIAL PURCHASE of Plain and Fancy Ribbons comprising THE
ENTIRE CLEAN UP OF A PROMINENT MANUFACTURER'S STOCK.
The purchase includes AN ENDLESS VARIETY OF STYLES,
COLORINGS AND WIDTHS, MANUFACTURED TO SELL AS HIGH
AS 25c PER YARD, but was secured by us at such A TREMENDOUS
DISCOUNT that we are enabled to place the entire lot on our coun-
ters and tables for immediate clearance at the uniform price of
scper Yard.
*A.t S Coxxtm.
No. 16 GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, in assorted colors, value 20c, will be offered at So a
yard. '
J^t 3 Cents.
No. 22 GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, in assorted colors, value 25c, will be offered at 5c a
yard.
JSjt £3 Cents.
FANCY MOIRE RIBBONS, in light colors, will be closed out at 5c a yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL C LEfIRAHcTJAfIGftIHS !
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
■ . j£k.-t IS Cents.
109 pieces 28-INCH FRENCH PRINTED CH ALLIES, reduced from 25c to 15c a yard.
At SO Cents.
92 pieces 88-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED SUITING, reduced from 50c to 20c
a yard.
-A.t 2S Cents.
81 pieces 38-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED SUITING, ia checks and
figured designs, reduced from 50c to 25c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS I
j&L.-t 35 Cents.
25 pieces 38-INCH ENGLISH FIGURED MOHAIRS, former price 60c, will be closed
out at 35c a yard.
At 45 Cents.
25 pieces 50-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, reduced from 85c to 45c a yard.
ONE THOUSAND DOZEN
LADIES' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES!
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED,
Worth SI .OO I w^s b e e d out at! 3sc a Pair
EXTRA VALUE I .
One Lot BEST ENGLISH PERCALES— wide width
and heavy fabric, >
Eeduced from 15c to 7Jc a yard.
; None Sold to Dealers.
£ M/W^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Marti! Street comer if km / ■
»-AJKT PTLAJSTCISCO.
m "Judgment!!" m 4
• •
I PLUG I
T• • -
[(. The umpire now decides that -1
T. "BATTLE AX" is not only 1
t decidedly bigger in size than any % r '
r other 10 cent piece of tobacco, but the [
y - quality is the finest he ever saw, and •] :|
y - the flavor delicious* You will never 0 '
/ know just how good it is until 1
£ you try it« •I]
■ \9*J|»A*A*m*-^* A*Jl**A'*'A* A * A • A • A • A •" ~*.*~ •
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally »nd Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday laix. six months, by mall.. 5.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Cam., one month, by mall.. : .65
Sunday Cam, one year, by mall 1.50
Vtun- Call, one year, by Kail 1-50
THB SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation ? If
so, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Cel«pb«ne Maln-18«
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
830 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
• ■SO o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lbrkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fe\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission %tret;tß; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street : open nntll 9 o'clock.
119 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE
Rooms 81 and 32, 34 Tark Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
TUESDAY. ..JUNE SO, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PKESIDKNT-
WILLIAM McKINLET, or Ohio
tUB VIOF-PRKBIDKXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELKCTIOX XOVEMBKR 3. 18flfi.
McKinley accents.
The campaign has full steam on.
Once more we remind you to register.
The whole country is snouting for pro
tection.
Join a Republican club and keep up with
the music.
The man, the platform and the masses
are in accord.
It is now time to make ready for the
Fourtn of July in earnest.
It looks like either Bland or Boies, but it
may be some other feliow.
Democracy at Chicago will resolve a good
deal but dissolve altogether.
Cleveland may at least boast that he
elevated his party about as high as Gil
deroy's kitej^
The nearer the time comes for Democ
racy to act, the more it feels like moving
for a continuance.
Every Democrat has a plan for harmon
izing his party by kicking out every fellow
who doesn't agree with him.
A great many Democrats are not waiting
for the Chicago fiasco before coming out
for McKinley and protection.
The enthusiasm displayed at Canton
was an evidence of what is felt by work
ingmen throughout the Union.
Every intelligent man knows that work
and wages is the chief issue of the cam
paign, and all of them will vote that way.
In preparing for the Democratic con
vention Chicago should lay in an extra
supply of doctors who Know how to cure
fits.
The .Southern Pacific of Kentucky will
take notice that the people of California
are still watching the funding-bill in
iquity.
If the i>eroocrats do not look out they
will make of their convention as .big a
failure as Cleveland made of his adminis
tration.
The modern pugilist is useful in many
ways. When he is not promoting a char
ity, he is elevating the siageor reviving
baseball.
The speeches delivered yesterday by
WcKinley ana Thurston were about all the
Republican party really needs for cam
paign documents in this canvass.
The people are tired of destructive
parties and will vote this year for the only
party which can build up American in
dustry ana reconstruct prosperity.
Populism may gather up the fragments
of Democracy after the people have
smashed it in November, but the gather
ing vrill be hardly worth the trouble.
The farmers of the San Joaquin have
begun to profit by the competing railroad,
and now every section of California knows
how to make the Southern Pacific drop its
extortion.
When we have wages for the working
men and revenues for the Government,
the money question will be easily settled,
and the Republican party can be counted
on to settle it right.
A vote taken by the American Agricul
turist among its readers shows that the
farming community is largely in favor of
McKinley and protection, and the demand
of the voters was almost unanimous for a
restoration of reciprocity.
Judge Riddle of San Jose sized up the
Presidential situation from a Populist
point of view very neatly the other day by
saying the Populist party is big enough
for Stnator Teller to walk into if he
wishes, but the Senator is not big enough
for the party to get into even if it crawls.
Senator Thurston stated the pimple
truth in Maying to McKinley: "Your
nomination has been made in obedience
to a popular demand whose universality
and spontaneity attest the affection and
confidence of the plain people of the
United States. By common consent you
are their champion." That tells the
whole story.
When the notification committee reached
Canton, a rainstorm was imminent, but
as McKinley stepped from his doorway
the sun burst through the clouds and
banished the fears of the people. It was a
superb symbol of the political situation.
When McKiniey comes to the White
House all the clouds that bang over us
shall vanish and the period of prosperity
begin.
M'KINLEY'S ACCEPTANCE.
In his informal acceptance of the nomi
nation for President of the United States
by the Republican pariy yesterday, Mr.
McKiiiley sounded the keynote of the
campaign. He said: "Oar domestic trade
must be won back end our idle working
men employed in gaiuful occupation at
American wages." * * * "Protection
and reciprocity, twin measures of a true
American policy, should again corcmand
the earnest encouragement of the Govern
ment at Washington."
What else could the candidate of the
Republican party — the party that stands
for all the people — have said? Standing
there the representative of an overwhelm
ing majority of the people of the United
States, and seeing wreck and ruin in all
the channels of production, he could not
have done otherwise than tell the people
that ttie first wort in hand should be to
restore the highways of commerce and in
dustry that all the people might again
have opportunity to participate in profit
able employment.
Undoubtedly Mr. McKinley is in close
touch with the hearts and minds of the
people. As if by inspiration he voiced the
cry of the people when he said "protection
and reciprocity should again command
the encouragement of the Government at
Washington," only that the people said
"3hall" instead of "should." The people
demanded that they be sustained, encour
aged and defended against encroachment
of outside peoples upon their right to go
in pursuit of happiness and prosperity in
their own land, and they now have the
sincere promise of an honorable man that
it shall be so-
That is all Mr. McKinley or any other
man could have said under such circum
stances. A committee of the National
Convention had informed him, not only
of his nomination, but what the people
wculd require at his hands when he as
sumed the direction of the affairs of the
Nation. Mr. McKinley cheerfully pledged
his Donor and his manhood that he should
obey the will of the people — the more
cheerfully because what the people want
was in full harmony with what he knows
they should have, and which it will be a
pleasure to him to help them to receive.
And now the battie-cry is heard and it
gives ontno uncertain sound — "Protection
and reciprocity" and "Employment at
American wages." The highest and best
interests of Americans are involved in the
struggle for supremacy between the party
that has made waste places everywhere
and the party of rescue. It should not
take any one lonjj to decide where he will
be found when the lines are fully drawn.
There is, indeed, no middle ground.
There is the question of prosperity and
the question of enforced idleness and con
sequent poverty. Every voter must take
sides. He must be for prosperity or for
poverty. "Choose ye this day whom ye
wili serve."
But there is work for the Republican
party to do. Every Republican in Cali
fornia who is physically able should
attacn himself to a club, league or organi
zation of some other kind. There should
be felt the touch of shoulders all over the
State, and that sincere enthusiasm which
defies obstructions in the way should
abound. Let every Republican feel it to
be his personal duty to see that every
other Republican in his community is in
line. A mighty work is in hand, and the
salvation of the country will be the re
ward if the work is well done.
COMING EVENTS.
One week from to-day trouble will be
gin in Chicago, and meanwhile let
it not Be forgotten that Grover Cleveland
has never said that he would uot accept
the nomination. This is not the age of
prophecy, but straws indicate the course
of the wind, just as they always have.
The suspicion is growing that in the event
the convention declares unqualifiedly for
free-silver coinage at 16 to 1, without wait
ing for even an effort in the direction of
international co-operation, Cleveland wili
accept the nomination of the gold-stand
ard wing, not that he would expect to
carry many States, if indeed a single one,
but merely to preserve the party organiza
tion. It may seem a little queer that the
minority should undertake to save and
protect something that it is not in posses
sion of, but nothing could be surer than
the disintegration of the majority sooner
or later.
For many years the Democratic party
has made free trade the center and
circumference of its National policy, just
as the Republican party has made protec
tion to our industries the chief stone of
the cornerof its purpose, and neither party
could go forward upon a secondary propo
sition and long maintain its organization.
Mr. McKinley will be elected, of course,
because he holds aloft the central idea
of his party's principles — protection. The
nominee of the Chicago convention will
sustain a more disastrous defeat than he
would if his party held fast to free trade
as the issue of paramount importance.
No political party, preacher or newspaper
can depart from the fundamental princi
ples of its or his faith and doctrine and
stem the current of public condemnation.
One may abandon one's faith or doctrine
for another, but he must leave behind the
foundation and the capstone of that which
he quits.
Mr. Cleveland knows that the majority
wing of his party could not survive defeat,
because it would go into the battle for a
single purpose, and when that failed there
would be utter destruction on the field
and the cause itself would be utterly lost
forever. Cleveland coald, better than any
other man, lead the minority, which is, in
fact, the real Democratic party, away from
the pitfalls which Boies, Bland, Altgeld and
others are digging, and when they are
buried in pits of their own digging there
would be a large and strong nucleus round
which to rebuild — strong because it would
be in possession of the basic and, there
fore, the paramount principle of the party,
which is free trade. Whether Mr. Cleve
land is sufficiently in love with the princi
ples of nii party to make so great a sacri
fice is the question, but events the past
few days would eeem to indicate that he is
willing to do it. It is sincerely to be
hoped thac he may, the more so because
no one now believes that coalition between
the several political organizations that are
risking the country's life and the life of
their own party existence upon the hazard
of a sinle die can be effected. Let Mr.
Cleveland lead the free-trade hosts, for
the issue is protection or free trade and
upou that the battle must be fought.
SPAIN'S NEW LOAN.
There is no sense at all in trying to see
a deep conspiracy against the United
States in the loan that Spain has succeeded
in placing with the Rothschilds. Cer
tainly the Rothschilds would not have
loaned Spain $20,000,000 had any European
nation objected, but there is no reason
why there should be objection to letting
Spain have all the money she can possibly
borrow, nor is there any reason why some
of our fellow-citizens should go into
spasms over it. It is the business of the
Rothschilds to loan money, and as the
security they exact is a matter between
lender and borrower, tnere is no occasion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
for some or any of our people bothering
their heads over the affair. Spain was
largely in debt to European bankers before
this loan was floated, and should she go to
the wall after the manner of a commercial
firm great loss would fall upon her credi
tors, but for all that we need lose no sleep
on that account. A little common-sense
is a (rood thing to weave into our conclu
sions about Spain and Cuba.
It is safe to conclude that every mon
archy on the face of the earth would like
to see Spain subjugate Cuba, but it is a
very different thing to join Spain in a war
with the United States. It would be much
cheaper to let Spain go into bankruptcy
and be 6old out than to put up money to
maintain a mere sentiment. Besides, the
powers of Europe know that the United
States is not huntimr for islands nor con
tinents to annex, and that their own out
lying territory is quite safe. They know
that this country sympathizes with the
Cubans in their struggle for separation
from the mother country, but they are not
afraid that this country will give the
Cubans official aid unless Spain provokes
it or the insurgents demonstrate their
ability to maintain themselves as an inde
pendent community.
It is no secret in Europe that the people
of this country are firm in the belief that
the Cuban revolution cannot be put down
by Bpain; that it is only a question of
time when the Republic of Cuba will be
recognized by all the nations, including
Spam, and that the time has come for the
President of the United States to officially
declare the will of the people by proclama
tion to the effect that the Cubans have
fully earned belligerent rights. But mean
while, if Spain can borrow money on her
silver mines, let her do it. It is none of
our business if she can dupe the Roths
childs. Let us not be "too previous."
SENATOR TELLER'S MISTAKE.
One would not have to dig very deep to
discover the meaning of Senator Thurs-
ton's wordß when speakine of Senators
Teller and Dubois at Cleveland the other
day. He said: "It is rather significant
that these two Senators were the only ones
to bolt, and that they were both up for re
election in silver communities. Those
who did not bolt were not up for another
term." It certainly is unfortunate for Tel
ler especially that he should have found it
necessary to bolt at so inopportune a time.
In all his political life Mr. Teller has been
a leader among the champions of protec
tion and whatever else was thoroughly
American. His defense of the early in
terpretation of the Monroe doctrine, and
his appeais for a strong ana pronounced
foreign policy in the Senate during its
last sitting were vigorous and logical. In
view of all this there will be more or less
suspicion, whether really well founded or
not, that Mr. Teller made up his mind
that his own political success was of moro
consequence to himself than the success
of his party.
Undoubtedly Mr. Teller will be his own
successor in the Senate, for all parties in
Colorado are for free silver; not only so,
but his party, which is master of the situ
ation when party lin^s are drawn, has
practically made him dictator until the
silver question is settled. The Angel
Gabriel could not be elected Senator from
Colorado on a platform that did not sub
ordinate every interest and need of the
country to free-silver coinage at the
present ratio. Undoubtedly Mr. Teller is
well acquainted with public sentiment in
his State, ana when It came to giving up
the Republican party or retiring to private
life his moral courage failed him and he
chose the epaulets of office instead of the
glory of consistency.
No one doubts Mr. Teller's sincerity on
the silver question, but the wonder is that
so wise a man could noUsee that the party
of the people of the United States were
determined to first restore their industries
and attend to the other needs of tiie Na
tion afterward. For nearly three years
that has been the central idea of the rank
and file of the Republican party, and
their will was forcibly and distinctly set
forth in the platform which they sent
delegates to St. Louis to formulate. It is
certainly unfortunate for Mr. Teller that
he did not sacrifice the senatorship for the
principles of the party which he helped to
establish forty years ago, and whose prin
ciples have never changed, except that
they have broadened and deepened, but
upon the original lines. He certainly
must have known that the Populists
would not take a high protectionist, which
he is, but a free-trader and paper-money
fiatist, which he is not. He knew, too,
that he could not if he would and would
not if he could turn Democrat and accept
the Chicago nomination. It must be that
the temptation to secure another term in
the United Slates Senate was too great for
him to resist;
NEW YORK IGNORANCE.
Senator Tillman a few days ago told a
New York audience they were more igno
rant of the conditions of the United
States than any other class of American
people. He explained his remark by say
ing that New York residents derive their
information of the West and the South
from the newspapers of that city and these
newspapers come much nearer represent
ing the opinion of England than a true
Americanism.
Tillman's words were not absolutely ac
curate. The Senator from South Carolina,
like every. other demagogue, prefers to say
strong things rather tban things which
are true. Nevertheless, the statement of
the Senator has at least a substratum of
truth. If divided into three parts it
would be found it was not all gall. One
third of it at least was as near the plain
truth concerning New York as the news
papers of that city, ever come to telling
the truth about other sections of the
Union.
If any proof were needed of the sub
stantial accuracy of Tillman's charge con
cerning the ignorance of New Yorkers in
regard to their own country it could be
found in a recent number of the New
Yorlc Commercial Advertiser. This journal,
which circulates among the more intelli
gent people of the metropolis, and repre
sents fairly well the opinion of the wealth,
the culture and t tie business of the city,
recently in an elaborate article on the
political situation and its effect on Wall
street, said:
"The fact ia, and the sooner intelligent
people realize it the better, that a large
section of the country lying chiefly south
of Mason arid Djxon's line and west of the
Mississippi River is peopled by men who
are unfitted in many respects, or at least
in some respects, to exercise the full fran
chise of citizenship of the United States."
When a journal enjoying the repute of
the Commercial Advertiser publishes state
ments of that kind what are we to think
of the intelligence of the community
where it circulates? Certainly Till man
was right in charging them with being
tiie most ignorant of their own country
men of any people in America. New
York City with her Tammany Hall voters
rising up to declare that the people west
of the Mississippi River are unfitted to
exercise the franchise of citizenship is a
picture to amuse both men and angels.
IT this is not ignorance raised by self
conceit to the height of impudence what
is it?
When the people of the great West are
not better fatted to exercise the full fran
chise of citizenship of the United States
than the denizens of the Blums of New
York, who back up by their votes the
boodier* of Tammany Hall and the
brokers of Wall street, patriots may be
pardoned if they begin to despair of the
Republic. In the meantime if the leading
newspapers of New York intend to be of
any service to their readers they had
better begin telling the truth about the
West and the South. Such statements as
the one quoted make no friends for any
body. They are better suited for British
readers than for Americans of any class,
and the fact that they find credence among
New Yorkers fully justifies the strongest
things Tillman said of their ignorance.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
FREE SILVER AND WHEAT.
Reasons for Believing thk Free Coinage of
Silver Would Benefit Wheat Growers.
Editor The Call : Will you kindly allow me
space for a fsw words in reply to Mr. -Heenan's
communication wherein he contends that the
remonetization of silver would lessen rather
than increase the price of wheat?
Mr. Heenan evidently loses sight of the fact
that an ounce of silver bullion, worth now
about 67 cents, will purchase as much wheat
as it would when it was worth $1 29, and he
does not take into consideration the further
fact that it was the demonetization of silver
that reduced it from $1 29 to 67 cents an
ounce; and he argues on the hypothesis that
its remonetization would have no effect on its
price. All bimetallism contend that the mo
ment silver shall be restored to its old place
and be given its old- function as a money metal
its former price would be restored. Should
that occur it is quite clear, so clear that no argu
ment is needed to prove it, that the price of
wheat aua everything else that men have to
sell would be advanced in like manner.
In other words, the inflation went Id be taken
off from gold, the stimulus that au increased
volume of money always gives would be felt
in all branches of business, there wonld be
work for all anil pay for their work, and pros
perity would become once more the rule and
not the exception.
Mr. Heenan tinds another bugbear in what
he is pleased to term the fluctuations in the
price of silver. When did he ever hear of
fluctuations in the price of silver prior to
1873? The silver dollar had been the standard
unit of values in the United States for nearly &
hundred years, and during all that time there
was no talk of fluctuating values. It is cer
tainly fair to presume that were the former
conditions as to use restored the former condi
tion of stability would follow, as effect always
follows cause. .Respectfully,
Henry Nelson.
Durham, Cal., June 26, 189t>.
HER PIES.
' Way back in the sweet, sweet long ago,
V.'ben the world seemed just newly made.
Ana the hours swept in a gold batteau
O'er pleasure a bright cascade,
'Twas then in childhood's realm I met
Dear Maude of the dewy eyes.
And stood entranced us the deft brunette
Hid fashion the wee din pies.
We're married now. and the self-same bands
That molded the pies of clay
Have sometimes structured other brands
Of pies In the modern way;
And, having sampled these pastry plants
My oath I can solemnly take
That between the two I'd risk my chance
With the kind that she used to make.
—Boston Courier.
BRITISH ENTHUSIASM.
In England the bicycle craze appears to be
just getting a good start, judging by an an
nouncement in the latest Westminster Gazette.
A big company with f.~>,000,000 capital has
been incorporated, with the Right Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain and a dozen lords as sharehold
ers. "The corporation's announcement sets
forth that the first works to be taken over is
already a most prosperous manufactory, run
ning early and late, now adding immense ex
tensions, with its shares freely dealt in at a
considerable premium on the market. New
cycle improvements are always appearing.
The New Beeston's lady's bicycle, enabling the
rider to stop without dismounting, stands still
by itself, may be left standing while shopping
or visiting, and is mounted while stationary.
So certain are the prospects of the cycle and
motor cycle that the most sober-minded are
beginning to consider the propriety of aban
doning their own competitive, overdone call
ings for the prizes now available in supplying
the wants ot the ever-increasinK numbers of
the cycling public. Even members of her
Majesty's Government are seeking the same na
tional and rapidly rising investment. Indeed,
cycling is bringing a complete changeover our
everyday lives, and all in favor of its own
business. Now that even children — the new
generation— are taught it, there will be appar
ently no end to the futuredemand. In Coven
try the board schools are now compelled to
have separate rooms, where the school chil
dren may put up their bicvcies as they do their
coats. Hundreds of children, both boys and
girls, go to school on bicycles, and before long
it will be as necessary to teach them to ride as
to walk. All the world will cycle. Agents are
now going down to Coventry with hundreds of
pounds in cash to offer for machines; but their
money is being refused, and they return with
out being Rble to obtain them, notwithstand
ing that premiums are freely offered. The
pressure shows no signs of abatement. The
Whitsuntide has seen the price of cycles in
creased to such an extent that in someca«es
they are 25 per cent higher in price, while the
cost has been but little increased." If the Brit
ish Government will only permit our Yankee
made wheels to land in London without pay
ing duty the blockade of the bicycle market
may be quickly raised and the tendency for
lower prices somewhat arrested.
FOR EXTRA WAISTS.
A charming model for extra waists of silk :
batiste or other cotton.
It has a fitted lining, the material being
seamless both back and front. The box-pleat
is cut separate and sewn on, which is less
troublesome for the maker than to have it cut
in one piece with the front.
A serge dress of black had the shoulder-straps
of bright rose-colored ribbon overlaid with
white embroidery. The Dox-pleats were of
white lawn, with a ruffle of narrow Valen
ciennes lace on the edge of each fold. The
sleeves on this gown reached to the wrist. The
pattern Is made with the sleeves a little longer
than shown In the picture lor those -who do
like too short a sleeve.
A printed organdy made after this model
was trimmed with bretolles of ribbon, with a
bow on the shoulder. Over the stock collar,
which was of the same violet ribbon, were tiny
points of white nainsook, edged with lace, six
of these points just meeting extended all
around the collar, being sewed in at the top
and overlapping the collar, points downward.
A white lawn nad a body of open embroid
ery with the box-pleats of the lawn. The
trimming ol Dresden ribbon extended up from
the waist only as far as the bust in front,
where it ended in bows, and was omitted en
tirely in the back. The belt and collar were of
ribbon. Two piccadilly points of embroidery
were set over the collar in front.
The pattern is No. 7835 a:td i* cut in seven
sizes— 3o, 32, 34. 36, 3b, 40 and 42 inches bust
measure. A medium sine requires five yards
of 21, or two and a half yards of 42 inch mate
rial.
A NEW BOOK BY HAWETS.
The London Publishers' Circular announces
that Chatto & Windus have nearly ready
"Travel and Talk, 1885-93-95: My Hundred
Thousand Miles of Travel Through America,
Australia, Tasmania, Canada, New Zealand,
Ceylon and the Is:es of the Pacific," by the
Rev. H. H. Haweis, M. A. The work will be in
two volumes and will have two poruaiU
PERSONAL.
The Rev. P. J. Van Schie of Auburn is at the
Grand.
A. Putnam, an attorney of Ferndale, is at
the Lick.
H. Brizard, a mine owner of Arcata, is a re
cent arrival at the Lick.
Judge J. F. Willsey of Fort Bragg is making
a short visit at the Grand.
W. c. Woolley, an insurance man of Banta
Rosa, is at the Occidental.
Dr. B. M. Gill, a physician of Dunsmuir, is
among the Grand arrivals.
George W. Chandler, a lumberman of Santa
Cruz, is a guest at the Grand.
Ex-Chief of Police Bolton Rogers of Seattle
is at the Baldwin with his wife.
Superior Judge E. A. Bridgford of Colasa
arrived at the Grand last night.
L. T. Hatfield, an attorney from Sacramento,
registered last night at the Lick.
G. McM. Ross, a mining man of Petaluma,
is a late arrival at the Occidental.
W. E. Duncan Sr., a mining man of Oroville,
is making a short visit at the Lick.
Sheriff George S. McKensie is in town from
Kapa. He has a room at the Grand.
Mrs. S. M. Buck, wife of Judge Buck of
Eureka, arrived at the Lick yesterday.
C. E. McLaughlin, an attorney of Qulncy,
Plumas County, is registered at the Rubs.
H. H. Richmond, editor of the Placer Argus,
is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel with his wife.
Fred Mason, a Sacramento merchant, is in
town on business and has a room at the Grand.
Railroad Commissioner H. M. La Rue of Sac
ramento arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
Joseph D. Lynch, the Republican politician
of Los Angeles, is among the guests at the
Lick.
I. S. Johnson, a prominent businessman of
Baltimore, Md., registered at the Occidental
yesterday.
M. Schofield, a wealthy mining man of Gib
sonviiie, ia stopping at tho Cosmopolitan
Hotel with his family.
James P. Brown of the Wave returned Iron*
the East yesterday with his wife and CQild,
after an absence of two months.
Professor B. Kellogg of Stanford University,
associate professor in the department of ento
mology, is a guest at the California.
J. C. Bull Jr. of Arcata, Humboldt County,
is at the Lick. He is a delegate to the Demo
cratic powwow to be held in Chicago.
J. H. Dugane, a wealthy cattle-dealer of
Merced, is ou a business trip to this City and
is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Superior Judge Bolcher has adjourned court
for his vacation, which he will spend with bis
family in camp In the mountains near Eureka.
D. \V. Wurtsbough and Arthur Mac Arthur
Jr., United States navy officers, recently ar
rived from the East, registered at the Occiden
tal yesterday.
O. V. Eaton of Stanford University, formerly
football manager and assistant Registrar, but
now manager for Anton Schott, the German
barytone, is at the Palace. •
J. S. Spear, one of the California delegates to
the St. Louis Convention, returned to the
Palace last night with his wife, after having
visited Major McKinley at Canton.
State Senator Frank L. Coombs of Kapa,
ex-United States Minister to Japan and ex-
Grand President of the Native Sous of the
Golden West, Is registered at the Grand.
Colonel Shatter of the Fir.it Regiment,
United States army, returned to bis station in
this City yesterday from Bakersfleld, where he
has been spending a two months' leave o! ab
sence.
Rear-Admiral William EvashinUoff of the
Russian navy is here on a leave of absense for
the purpose of interesting capital in a great
salmon-fishing concession recently given him
by the Czar. He is at the Palace.
Samuel E. Simmons of Sacramento is at the
California, having just returned from Cam
bridge, Mass., where he has been a student in
Harvard Medical School since his graduation
from Stanford University a year ago. It is
said that he is soon to become an exemplar of
the advantages of coeducation as it exists at
Palo Alto.
Colonel Carlos Gonzales, the retired officer of
the Mexican army who has been at the Lick
for several days, and who owns an immense
landed estate in the State of Coahutla, Mex
ico, lias rented the private residence at 902
California street ana will shortly install his
numerous family therein, as he proposes to
spend some time in this City.
Professor Charles D. Marx, Professor L. M.
Hoskius, Professor Charles B. Wing and As
sistant Professor J. C. L. Fish, the faculty
of the department of Civil engineering at
Stanford University, are at the California.
They came up from Palo Alto yesterday for the
convention of the American Society of Civil
Engineers now in session here.
Charles W. Mould, a prominent member of
the New York bar and a brother-in-law of Gen
eral \V. H. L. Barnes of this City, arrived at
the Palace yesterday from Santa Barbara,
where he has been visiting relatives in the
beautiful suburb El Monteclto. Mr. Gould
was accompanied from Santa Barbara by ex-
Judge Robert B. Canfleld, who is now at the
Palace, having come to the City on a little pri
vate legal business.
James Terry Langford of Lodi, son of Sena
tor Langford, is in the City, having just ar
rived from Arizona after having made an ex
tended tour of the East. He purposes soon to
return to Arizona and begin the practice
of civil engineering, a profession for which he
received four years' training at Stanford Uni
versity, where he had the honor of being the
president of the pioneer class at the time of
its graduation in 1895.
Among the celebrities in the party of civil
engineers now at the Palace are: Professor
Mansfield Mirriman of the faculty of Lehigh
University, one of the foremost teachers of en
gineering in this country; J. M. Knap of New
York City, one of the directors of the Ameri
can Society of Civil Engineers; W. Metcalf of
Pittsburg, one of the great authorities on steel
in the United States; T. G. Hoech, engineer at
tache of the German legation at Washington,
and A. S. Rime, one of the builders of the Port
land water works.
Eugene dv Pont, the gTeat powder kinir,
arrived at the Palace last night with bis wife
and registered from Wilmington, Del., where
he has one of the largest of his factories. This
is Mr. dv Pont's first visit to California. He
has come simply for pleasure and recreation
and will speud the two or three weeks of his
stay at Santa Cruz with his daughter, Mrs.
Peyton, wife of the younger Peytou, who, as a
powder maker at Santa Cruz, has attained a
National reputation as an inventor of particu
larly powerful and high grade explosives, the
Government using his compositions entirely
for the big guns both on this coast and in the
East. Mr. dv Pont's business, embracing as it
does powder factories :n many parts of the
United States, is one of the biggest private
concerns in this country.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N.Y., June 29.— At the West
minster—E. C. Clarke; Metropolitan— J. At
kin, S. Greenbery, D. Laird; Marlborough—
Mrs. Bushnell, W. Lussier and wife; Metropole
— 0. Heyt, G. C. Reckleben; Hoffman— S. C.
Pardee; Holland— Miss Wood, J. F. Hardy
sailed on the Cunarder Umbna for Liverpool.
Mrs. Amalle and Miss Lillie Kalmuk left the
Westminster to sail on the North German
liner Spree for Bremen.
LA SALLE'S LAST VOYAGE
Book News.
The first publication of the Caxton Club of
ClucHgo is now in press. It is a "Journal of
the Lest Voyage of L« Salle." The journal
was written by Joutel, a commander in the ex
pedition, and was originally published in Lon
don in 1714. It is edited and annotated by
Professor Melville B. Anderson of the Leland
Stanford University ana will be carefully
printed. ________ — ___^___
THE BICYCLE INDORSED.
In England the courts take a just view of
the rights of wheelmen, as will be seen by the
following article in the Westminster Gazette:
"Dr. Jackson yesterday held an inquest at
Croydon concerning the death of John Albert
White, aged 17, the only son of Mr. White of
Croydon, who died from injuries received in a
collision between his bicycle and a cart. After
hearing evidence the Coroner said it behooved
drivers to be very careful now ao many people
had taken to bicycling. It was a healthy re
creation and ought to be encouraged. Drivers
were too apt to be intolerant to bicyclists and
to think that the road was made for them
alone. Ho hoped that in future they would be
more careful and keep as much as they could
on the right side of the road."
PERSONS OF PROMINENCE.
Mile. Jane Benaben of France, though only
18 yean of age, has taken the degree of bach
elor of arts from a French college. After her
graduation she became a professor of philos
ophy in a girls' school in Lyons.
Paul Bourget has won his case from Le
merre, the publisher, and henceforth French
authors will have the power to have their
publishers' boots examined in order to see
that they are not cheated out of their royal
ties.
A pencil drawing, partly colored, of George,
Prince of Wales, 1798, by Richard Cosway, the
miniaturist, brought $420 in London recently;
another, of George in 1772, brought $550,
while one of Caroline of Brunswick, his Prin
cess, brought $435.
The Marquis of Lome is said to be engaged
on a historical survey of Windsor Castle
upon a somewhat ambitious literary scale, ma
terials which he collected when writing a lit
tle guidebook recently having led him to de
sire to pursue his researches under the favor
able conditions involved in his office as Gov
ernor.
M. Antoine, the new conductor of the Paris
Odeon. is said by his champion* to be the
greatest theatrical manager in the world.
Only seven or eight years ago he was an un
derpaid employe in the Paris Gas Works. His
debut as an actor was made last year at the
Gymnase in the role of an irritable and ner
vous old gentleman.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Mr. Figg— Tommy, I hear you have been
telling lies. I never told lies when I was your
age.
Tommy— When did you begin, paw?—ln
dianapolis Journal.
Patient— Suffering Csesnr! I thought your
sign said "Teeth extracted without pain."
Dentist— Bo it does; but that refers to false
teeth.— Somerville Journal.
"What made tnAt man so angry when the
homeless carriage upset?"
"He is a leather dealer, and there wasn't any
harness to cut."— Chicago Record.
She— Did you know that Maud has & dark
room on purpose for proposals?
He— Well, rather. I developed a negative
there myself last night.— Princeton Tiger.
Hoax— What! You buying a bicycle? I
thought you detested them.
Joax — 8o I do, but I've been run over long
enough. Now I'm going to have my revenge.
Philadelphia Record.
She— This road is very steep. Can't I get a
donkey to take me up?
He— Lean on me, my darling.— Tid-B its.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Am a Fisherman.
National City Record.
Cleveland will retire from the Presidency
with a better reputation as a fisherman than
as a financier or statesman.
Departing in Haste.
Petaluma Courier.
All is not gold that glitters— at least the gold
fields of Alaska are not such glittering goals of
promise as the fortune-hunters believed.
The Turkish Government.
Ventura Independent.
Even as mild a mannered man as Mr. Glad
stone says: "In my opinion the Turkish Gov
ernment is the greatest scourge of mankind."
Yet Mr. Gladstone knows, in common with all
intelligent men, that the Turkish Government
exists only by the will of the British Govern
ment.
Unappreciated Prosperity.
Stockton Record.
If Los Angeles had received as much real
encouragement for her future in a single year
as Stockton has during the past year she would
manifest her joy straightway by erecting a
couple of thousand substantial buildings and
puffing herself all over the country as au ideal
center of prosperity and enterprise.
Care iv Packing.
Los Angeles Times.
California fruit-preserving houses might con
sider with profit the care used in France and
England in putting up fruit for export as well
as for local consumption. More sugar is used,
the utmost care is exerciitd in the manipula
tion of the fruit and glass and porcelain jars
are used in preference to tin. Asa consequence
fancy prices are realized for the output.
Where Flora Ia Queen.
Stockton Mail.
This new custom in California of paying
homage to the llowers is a very pretty one and
is growing in popularity. With the leaves and
fruit they are the air-woven children of light,
and there is a daintiness about them that en
chants us all. They have been utilized to
symbolize all the graces and all the tenderest
feelings. Where flowers abound the atmos
phere is fragrant with something that is even
sweeter than the delicate perfume they exhaie.
What more enchanting province in her wide
dominions has Queen Flora than California .'
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Half-dollars of 1895— J. A. 9., City. Numis
matists do not offer any premium for half-dol
lars of 1895 coined at the Mint in this City.
Vegetarians— 3. G. F., City. There are a
great many vegetarians in San Francisco, and
also many fruitarians, but there is not an
organized society of either.
Three Half- Dollars— £. ML, Madera, Cal.
No premium is offered for half-dollars of 1808.
1821 or 1853, unless the latter be one without
arrow heads at date or rays about the eagle.
Such specimens command from $20 to $30.
Pltttocracy— W. 8., Difcon, Cal. "Plutoc
racy," so often used in political speeches at
this time, means a government in which the
supreme power is lodged in the hands of the
wealthy classes alone. The term is also ap
plied to a controlling or influential class of
rich men.
Rust From Nickel— A. S., City. The follow
ing is given as a means of removing rust from
nickel: Cover the stains with oil or grease
and let the article stand fora few days; then
remove the rust by rubbing with a little am
monia. If this does not remove the rust, try
very diluted hydrochloric acid; when dry
polish with tripoli or whiteniug.
Casino— A. and 8., City. In playing casino
If one of the players should in the last hand
make enough points to count him out the
counting cannot take place until the hand is
played. If he had three to go and made big
casino and an ace he could not claim the
game before the hand was played out, tor the
reason that in counting cards and spades take
precedence*
A Notb— P. T. G., City. This department
does not answer questions in simple arith
metic. If a note was given with interest at so
much per month you can find out the amount
of Interest at the expiration of a certain time
by simple multiplication. As to your other
question it cannot be answered for the reason
that you do not state whether the note is a
time or a demand note.
Agricultural Products— J. B. 8., Fallbrook,
Cal. From the report of the Bureau of Bta
tißtics of the Treasury Department of the
United States it appears that the exports of
products of agriculture for the rear ending
June 30, 1894, were valued at $628,363 038
or 72.28 per cent, and that for the year end
ing June 30, 1895, the amount was *553 215 -
317, or 69.68 per cent. '
Becrkt Societt-B. C, Pacific Grove, Cal.
The question "When the members of a secret
society become delinquent and the society is
called upon to surrender Its charter, to whom
does the property of the society belong?" can
not be answered directly, as different rules
prevail. In some organizations it is held that
on the society surrendering its charter every
thing reverts to the grand body; in others
that only the charter and regalia revert to the
grand body. If you will name the particular
order w which you refer an answer will be
furnished.
Coinagk-M. M., City. This department is
not able at this time to obtain the figures
which will show the number of silver dollars
coined in the mints of the United states dur
ing the calendar year of 1895. During the
fiscal year ending June 30 the number of sil
ver dollars coined was 8,956.011. The Ameri
can, silver dollar was aulhorkea to be coined
by an act of April 2, 1792 ; weight, 416 grains;
fineness 8924: the weight whs changed by
he act of January, 18, 1844, to 412^ grains;
bvthe same act the fineness was changed to
$00 The coinage of dollars Was discontinued
February 12, 1873. The total amount coined
up to that date was 8,031.288. The coinage of
dollars was reauthorized by the act of Febru
ary 28 1878, and again discontinued after July
1 '1891 The dollar is a full legal tender ex
cept when otherwise provided in the contract.
Insecticide— J. E., Petaluma, Cal. Not know
ing the particular kind of insect that affecU
your apple trees Mils department cannot sug
test what kind of insecticide would be avail
able Youhad better write to the State Board
of Horticulture at Sacramento, giving a. full
description of the insect and the «yage H has
done or is doing to your trees and if possible
•end a specimen of the insect.
Caufobma glace fruita, 50c lb. Tovrnsend's.'
If yon want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pacific Carriage
Company.
Ppkciai. information daily to manufacturer*
business houses and public men by tha i Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery.
«■ • •—• —
Change of Starting Time.
Steamer Noyo, for Fort Bragg, Mendocino
County, sails Wednesday, July 1. 3 p. M., from
MiFsion-street wharf instead of Thursday.
Hereafter leaves as heretofore, Thursday.
«■ ♦ — «- ■• ■-
Cheap Convention Kate» Kast.
The Santa Fe route will sell tickets to the
various conventions at extremely reduced
rates. Pullman palace and tourist sleeping
cars daily through to Chicago leaving at a sea
sonable hour. The coolest and most comfort
able summer line owing to its elevation and
absence of alkali dust. Ticket ortice 044
Market street. Chronicle building, ban Fran
cisco, Cal. Telephone, Main 1531.
"You know what enemies Wilson and Watson
were? Well, when Wilson died, old Watson
sent a beautiful floral 'gates ejar'— "
"I'm glad to hear it. 1 hate to think a man
could not forgive—"
"Wait till I eet through. Behind the gates
was a stairway— leading downward."—lndian
apolis Journal.
Official Route to I>oinocratic Nntiuna
Convention. Chicago.
Central Pacific, Union ir'aclflc and Chicago an
Northwentern lines. Train c. -Trying California
delegates will leave Han I ranclsco July 1 at 6 p. m.
t-ptclal rate for the round trip to Chicago f7'2.50.
Ticketß on sale June 30 and July 1.
Sleeping-cur reservations now en si»l« at Union
Pacific office. 1 Montgomery street. Call early to
as to secure best accommodations. D. W. Hitch
cock, General Agent, ssan Francisco.
Northern Faciflc Ballronrt
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
ventioo at Chicago, the Christian Kndeayorers at.
Washington and National Kduca ional Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pad fie Railroad. For particulars inquire of
T. K.titateler,aen. Agt., 888 Market St., S. F.
_ • — ♦— • —
The use of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters ex
cites the appetite and keeps the digestive organs
In order. !
«—« — » — • •
The favorite for restoring life and color to the
hair is Park Hair Balsam.
Parker's Ginbkr Toxic the best cough cure.
* — «. — • ' ■•
"For pity's sake, George," Bald a distressed wife,
'•do get a bottle of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral for that
cough, and give us a rest." He did so.
-•—»• — » ■ * 1
"Dear me." said the South American Repub
lic at it looked at Great Britain's map of Vene
zuela, "it is really very astonishing if it is not
misrepresented."
"What is?" inquired a sister country.
"The manner in which a country is liable to
shrink in this warm climate."— Washington
Star. .' ■-''-.
mew TO-SAT.
SOLE AOENT3 FOR THE
MAQQIONI KID GLOVES.
WONDERFUL
CASH SALE
IN SILKS!
An Overstocked Manufacturer requested
us to sell for him the following seasonable
Silks at less than their cost to manufac-
ture. JUBT TO SPREAD THE FAME OF
OUR STORE. The result to you is
SILKS AT HALF PRICE!
HUNDREDS OF YARDS OF NEW
SILKS ALMOST GIVEN AWAY.
BROCADED
TAFFETA SILKS
IN
The Choicest Designs,
Most Desirable Colorings
And Magnificent Qualities
■ AT-
SOC
■. Regular Price $1.00 per Yard.
HOSIERY!
The Most Superior Values Ever
Offered in Hosiery.
LESS THAN HALF PRICE!
SEE THEM BEFORE THEY
ARE ALL SOLD.
LADIES ' 4-THREAD j\ film'
LISLE-THREAD HOSE V *•%*">
in Fast Black and in (he • S^j v Jl* pair,
correct shades of Tans at r^-y^
No such values ever shown before.
CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK
COTTON HOSE, In narrow 4 f— •
ribbed, wl-.h spliced knees and I l*"X/*>
doable be«iB and tow. all I 4. Jt » Fair.
sites, sto BVV at-. .--- *
worth 35c per pair.
Store Will Be Closed Saturday, July 4th.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
MU4LUL
125, 137, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
&RAKCH STORE— 743 and 741 Market
Street.
- Walk Right in; Take a Seat:
y^F ' Yes, plenty of ticae to talk since I got the
■■» Hkrculks Gasolink Enoink: runs it-
EJH*"*- self, you know. Engineer? No, I urn the
■L Engineer; start It and It «roes right along.
PR 3SSe w £si£U. Write for c ««*'o« *«*
>. American Type Founders' Co.
405-407 bansome .street.
Ban Francisco, CaL
- Buy direct from manufacturers and save 40*.
A&11#1# PK DEgTALB, Mantels,
1 1 111 ¥ Tables, Ktc.
11l I A 11 City Hall Square.
VII 111 J. * F. KESSIILKB.TUESDAY JCNK 30, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Cautorn'ia Theatee.- "A Bunch of Violets."
Columbia Thkatkb— "His Wife's Father."
Morosco's Opkba-Housk— -One of the Bravest"
TivoLi OPSBA-HorsF— "ji. Trip to the Moon."
Orpheum- H!sh-Cl»ss Vaudeville.
Park Thkatkb— Grove street, between Polk
and Van Ness aye.— "The Rambler from Clare."
s^utbo Baths— Bathing and performances.
Shoot the Chutes- Dally at Halght street,
one block east of the Park.
1 NGLKSinK Track— Trotting Races.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excpbsiox— To Montere3-, Friday, July S.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cblas. Levy <fe Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1136 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By Kaston <fe Eldridge— This day (Monday).
Keal Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
12 o'clock.
assigxkk SALK-Rockaways, Buggiet, etc., at
1128 Mission street.
By M. J. McßruDE-Thnrsday, July 2, Horse*,
at 607 Jessie street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Tuesday.— Local Forecast Official W.H.
Hammon.
The Building Trades' Council will elect two
new business agents to-night
The Alcazar Theater cloaca its doors Sunday
evening on account of financial embarrass
ment.
The Presbyterian Ministerial Union was ad
dressed yesterday by Rev. Dr. Hallatt of St.
Louis.
The McKinley and Hobart Italian Repub
lican Club was organized last evening, 250
strong.
A party of six ensigns just graduated from
Annapolis arrived last night to take positions
on the Philadelphia.
■tephen Fletcher was yesterday appointed
p. iministrator of the estate of Margaret Doyle,
with bond fixed at $1600.
The Socialists formed their first political
club in the Thirtieth Assembly District last
night, at 948,F0150m street.
Rev. James Rowell addressed the congrega
tional pastors yesterday, and regretted the
presence oi fads in Christian churches.
There is no conflict of interests, as has erro
neously been supposed, between the "San
Francisco Teachers' Club" and the "Teachers'
Council."
Ko new developments were made in the Fair
will case or the matter of the Craven deeds
yesterday. The lawyers are preparing for the
battle Thursday.
Irvin Baruch, proprietor of a poker game,
shot Jacob Rosenheim. alias l; Sleepy Jake," a
well-known confidence operator, on Kearny
street, last night.
James Bayard Whittemore, a native son and
resident of this City, is a great-grandson of
Bear Admiral Sloat, who seized California for
the United States.
In the People's Bank case yesterday Judge
6eawell took under advisement a motion to
dismiss by Judge Carpenter after extensive
argument by counsel.
J. R. Freud declines to enter a war of person
aliiy with the women of the American Liberal
League, but he makes reply to their attack
upon the new charter.
In the Baldwin- Ashley case yesterday Wit
ness Anderson testified that the plaintiff
and defendant were almost inseparable at the
Santa Anita ranch during 1871.
The Supervisors have taken the money from
the :>treet-sweeping fund to be used for other
purposes, and as a result the street sweepers
have oeen withdrawn and the streets are dirty
again.
At a meeting of the executive committee of
the Golden Gate Carnival yesterday afternoon
many suggestions were received from those
interested, and it was advised that action be
deferred until after the Fourth.
Lazr.ro Bazuro, a florist at Colma, was
swindled out of $107 on June 14 by two men,
who played an old trick upon him, and yes
terday Luigi Doni and Dominici Bianchi were
arrested and identified as the swindlers.
Great excitement was created in Chinatown
yesterday by the Wong family, under the
leadership of Chee Ting, withdrawing from
the See Ynp Company and endeavoring to
breai up toa. bopcou on tha Sam Yup Com
ptaiy.
The executive committee of the Fourth of
July Committee last evening completed many
of the details of the celebration. Louis A.
Robertson, a local newspaper writer, was
awarded the prize of $50 for the best patriotic
poem.
James Dawson, a lineman In the employ
nient of the Edison Electric Light and Power
Company, while on top of a pole on Market
street yesterday afternoon, was caught by a
live wire and fell to the sidewalk, dying in a
few minutes.
It is expected to have the new railroad map
published by the Board of State Railroad Com
missioners ready for distribution by the end oi
this week. It will probably show the route of
the Valley road as far as it has been definitely
decided upon.
Professor Louis A. Buchanan has resigned
the principalship of the Cogswell Polytechnic
College, and at the opening of the term next
August the vacancy will De filled by the ap
pointment of James H. Culver, lor many years
past the secretary of the Mechanics' Institute.
George E. Barron yesterday commenced suit
to quiet title to two-fifteenths of the real estate
left by his father, Edward Barron. Ihe ac
tion is brought under hh act of the last Legis
lature by which it was made permissible to at
tack the validity of trusts contained in wills
in collateral proceedings.
Admiral EvashintsoH of the Russian navy
arrived at the Palace yesterday on a leave of
absence secured that he might get American
capitalists to go into a great salmon cannery
he proposes to erect on the coast of Kam
chatka, where the Czar 1 of Russia has given
him a concession for teu years.
An Immense and enthusiastic audience at
tended the ami-funding ratification mass
meeting last night in Metropolitan Temple.
James D. Phelan presided. The principal
speech was made by Congressman Maguire,
who related the story of the fight at Washing
ton, D. C.
ENDEAVOR DELEGATES.
They Will Be • ntertained and Cheered
on Their Way To-Night at Calvary
Church.
Holla V. Watt, chairman of the Christian
Endeavorers' '97 committee, left last night
for Washington, D. OL, to attend the
Christian Endeavor Convention. He will
use his best efforts to bring the '97 conven
tion to San Francisco.
For this same purpose a rally will be
held to-nieht at Calvary Church, Geary
a;.d Powell streets, after tbe lecture. Many
jocfli delegates will be present, and they
wUJ receive a flattering sendoff. J. 8.
Webster, Dr. E. E. Kelly and Dr. R. L.
Rig'Joa will speak.
T.'it- fund of $25,000 required to pay the
expenses of the International Christian
Endeavor Convention next year is being
rapidly soscribed. In addition to nearly
$17,000 already in, the following additional
subscriptions were reported by tne com
mittee yesterday:
Goldberg, Bowen & Co., $100; Kohlberg,
Strauss & Frohman, $50; Epworth League
Simpson MemoriaF Methodist Episcopal
< hurch, $5O; George Haas & Son, $50; Schrei
ber's, $50; Frank Maskey, $40; Gruenhagen
A: « 0., $40; B. J. Smith, $25; Morgan Bros.,
Ha.
Crittenton Gospel Car.
The Crittenton gospel car, with its band of
worker.-;, has arrived in this City from a tour
icross the continent, having held services in
most ot the cities and town* on the route. The
:ar will remain in this City for a short time,
rhe band, composed of Messrs. Crittenton,
Llarjjemer and Morton, and Mr. Wallace, the
Jelebrated gospel singer, will hold services for
i week in the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, Dr. Dilie pastor, beginning Wednes
lay evenlnjr, July 1.
-♦ — ♦ *
Thrown From His Horse
John DoOley, a horse-trainer, living at 668
Clementina street, was riding a horse yester
day morning, and at Sixteenth and Capp
streets the horse shied and threw Dooley. He
struck on his head and was picked up uncon
scious. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where it was found he was suffering
from concussion of the brain.
Haskell Recovering.
Frank G. Haskell, who had his skull frac-;
tured last Tuesday morning by falling from
•.he rear porch of his residence at 9,£ Stockton
street, was taken from the Receiving Hospital
to his hoiae' yesterday. For a few days his life
was despaired of, but he is now in a fair way
to recovery.
ITS BIG SALMON
TEEM IN MILLIONS,
Avasha Bay, Kamchatka, a
Virgin Field for
Fish.
FLANS FOR A CANNERY.
Admiral Evashintsoff Has Come
Here to Get American
Capital.
CONCESSION FROM THE CZAR.
Wants $250,000 so as to Hire Chinese
Labor and Turn Out 1000
Cases a Day.
Rear-Admiral William Evashintsoff of
the Russian navy arrived here yesterday
on a leave of absence, secured that he
might interest American capitalists in the
promotion of a great salmon-fishing in
dustry for which he has been given a
special concession by the Emperor of
Russia.
The proposed fishery is Avasha Bay, an
extensive and natural salmon trap on the
coast of Kamchatka, in latitude 53 de
grees, or a little to the southeast of the
extremity of the Alaska archipelago.
"I have come here," said the Russian
admiral when seen in his apartments at
the Palace, "to establish a fish business
and to find capital to build and equip a
cannery.
"Offers were made in Astoria, but they
were on too small a scale. I want to turn
out not less than 200,000 cases of salmon
a year and may be as many as 1000 cases a
day. In order to do that a capital of $250,000
| is requirea for the establishment of a suit
| able cannery.
"The Emperor granted me the conces
sion on March 27 for a period of ten years,
with the privilege of renewal. The right j
virtually amounts to a monopoly.
"Avasha Bay is not nearly so far north i
as most Americans think. It is in the
same latitude as the southern boundary of
Alaska, and has a very much milder I
climate than place 3 in the same latitude
in Europe, because it is tempered by the j
Japan stream. The bay is fifteen miles
long by ten miles wide and has a very
Barrow entrance. Several rivers tlow into '
| it from small lakes, so it is a natural fish- |
I trap. And fish— well, the Columbia River
is not to be compared with it. Is it a
bigger field? You bet it is.
"I have been tnere many times while on i
my cruises in China waters. With my !
own eyes I have seen how thick the fish I
are. I have been in my own boat and j
have seen the movement of waters caused j
by the big schools of fish. There are king- !
finh, bluebacks and silver-sides, and their j
I flesh is that rich red so much prized in the j
market.
"In the first place the field is absolutely
untouched, and in the second place I am j
Admiral Evashintsoff of the Russian Navy, Who Has Come Here to Interest
American Capital in a Great Salmon Cannery, for Which He Has Been Given
a Concession by the Czar of Russia.
allowed to can an unlimited number of
cases. Tbe place is free of duty and there
are no restrictions as to how the fish shall
be caught. The season begins in May and
lasts until the middle of October, with the
salmon running all the time.
'"My idea is to employ cheap Chinese
labor, and to supply Knjjlish, Japanese,
Chinese and other markets of the world
with salmon. I was In London last sum
mer, and while there I learned that there
never can be too much canned salmon for
the English market.
"On Avasha Bay there is the small town
of Petiopavlovsk, which has not more
than 200 inhabitants.
"I want American capitalists. Our
Russian merchants, though many of them
have plenty of money, are slow about
taking hold of a new enterprise. But if I
am not successful here I shall resort to
Moscow.
"I have been in the Russian navy for
forty-four years— ever since I finished in
the naval academy in St. Petersburg. I
nad one leave of absence twenty-seven
years ago. This is my second. It is for
no stated time, but rests with me to con
tinue or end, as I choose.
"This is my fifth visit to San Francisco.
Twice I was here with men-of-war and
once witii my family, as we passed
through here on our way across the conti
nent after being in Japan.
"My wife is an American lady. We were
marriea thirty-one years ago. Her brother,
Theodore Barker of Portland, Or., is in
the lighthouse inspection service.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
Three Whales Came in Through the Golden Gate Yesterday * and Kept the Ferry-Steamer Tiburon
Company for a Part of the Way on Her Run to and From San Francisco. Two Were
Humpbacks and One Was Supposed to Be a Sperm.
"For ten years I lived on the coast of
Siberia and Kamchatka, the Amoor River,
the Gulf of Tartary and the present capi
tal town of Vladivostok, a place of 40,000
inhabitants. Near the town, by the way,
there are stationed 90,000 Russian soldiers,
or a force near that little place three times
bigger than your whole standing army.
The naval station is on the Amoor River.
It used to be in Avasha Bay before the
war with England in '53.
"I have been an admiral four years. The
first year I had my flag on theChasma, an
iron ship oi 10,000 tons displacement. Last
year my flag was on the cruiser Berazam,
6000 tons.
'•Russia is building some very fine war
ships in the Black Sea. Six large battle
ships are already finished and two more
will be ready this fall. They are splendid
vessels of 12,000 tons."
THE LABOR UNIONS.
The Building Trades' Council Will
Elect Two New Business
Agents To-Night.
The unions affiliated with the Building
Trades' Council will hold a mass-meeting
to-night at 115 Turk street for the election
of two business agents or walking dele
gates. There are about eight candidates
in the fieid and the race for the positions
is lively and interesting. It requires
about as much wire-pulline to secure such
a position as it does to secure a place in
the City government.
The retiring business agents are C. F.
Schadt and J. J. Connelly. It is known
that the latter is a candidate for re-elec
tion. He has the full indorsement of the
Plasterers' Union, of which he is a mem
ber.
The JLabor Bureau Association moved
yesterday from its old quarters at 115
Turk street, where it has been for the past
two years, to its new headquarters at 915)4
Market street.
The new premises are furnished with
readine-room, billiard-tables and card and
game tables. In the top story there are
several lodge or meeting rooms that will be
arranged at once for unions and societies.
The Iron Molders' Union No. 164 met
last evening and elected the following
officers for the . ensuing terra : President,
William T. Boyce; vice-president, H. T.
Edwards; secretary, Mark Noble; treas
urer, Samuel McK.ee; recording secretary,
R. Burnett; sergeant-at-arms, Thomas
Hurd; executive committee — C. Bailey, T.
Hurd, R. Simmons, H. Collins and M.
Condon.
Active preparations are being made for
the excursion to Sunset Park which will
be heid on July 19. Over 100 gate and
game prizes will be offered, two of which
are fine ranges.
At the meeting of the Plasterers' Union
last night the stand of the San Francisco
Pressmen's Union in itn fisht with the
Schmidt Label Company was indorsed.
Seven Wonders.
The Sheriff's sale 45c on the dollar of the
dry-goods stock at James If. Moran & Co. 'a,
1009-1015 Market street, has passed the
seventh day, with the crowd still increasing,
which goes to prove that the bargains were
genuine. There still remains a big lot of bar
gains, consisting in part of 50c silk veiling at
15c, $2 50 P. D. corsets at 50c, 15c crepons at
sc, $1 50 finished undershirts for 50c, 75c un
laundered shirts at 25c, etc •
WHILES AT PLAY
NEAR ALCATRAZ,
Kept the Steamer Tiburon
Company for Over a
Mile.
THREE OF THEM GAME IN
One Sprang Clear of the Water
and Its Descent Shook
the Tiburon.
FOOTPADS ON THE CITY FRONT
One of Them Caught in tbe Act of
Going Thrrugh a Man's
Pockets.
Three whales made their way in
through the Golden Gate yesterday and i
had a great time of it for two or three
hours with the Sausalito and Tiburon fer
ry-boats as they came and went on their
hourly trips. Two of the mammals were
praybacks and one, Captain White of the
Tiburon is confident, was a sperm. It was
of enormous proportions and three times
the size of either of the other leviathans.
The graybacks spouted about the steamer
for over a mile of her course. One
of them jumped almost clear of the water
and then sounded. The last seen of him
was his tail which waved for an instant in
the air and then vanished. The sperm
whale remained by the Tiburon for a time
and then it also sank out of sight.
On the return trip they again put in an
appearance, and Captain White came to
the conclusion that they were feeding on
the small fish with which the bay abounds
at this time of the year. They did not
seem to be a bit afraid of the steamer, and
evidently took her and tbe noiEe she was
making for one of their own kind at
play. It would probably fare badly with
any of the bay cref* that should happen to
strike one of these monsters on a dark i
night The last seen of the trio they were
working their way slowly back to the
Heads.
Work on the new branch postoffice to
be established at the foot of Market street
is to begin at once. The old building has
been torn down, and the hackmen and ex
press drivers have been moved from their
stand in order to make room for the work- !
men. As soon as the new office is built
and equipped Postmaster McCoppin will
inaugurate his new cable-car system of
mail delivery.
The Sausalito boats have been moved
into the Tiburon slip and the latter boats
now occupy one nearer Market street.
The fender piles in the old iausalito slip
were so eaten away by the teredo that it
is a wonder they stood as long as
they did. Yesterday, when some of the
fastenings were removed, over 100 feet of
them fell with a crash. The whole slip
was locked with them and they had to be
removed before the pile-driver could be |
got in.
The mooring place of the Comanche
was moved close in shore yesterday. She |
is now close to Folsom-street wharf and
will be very handy for the Naval Reserve
boys when they "want to go out to her.
The tug Governor Markham brought the
monitor into Howard 3 and then moved
the mooring, after which the Comanche
was taken out to her new quarters.
Samuel Chase and Oliver Mellon, two
young lads, had a narrow escape from
their lives yesterday. They hired a sail
boat at Tiburon for a fishing trip. They
knew very little about handling tbe sails,
and in consequence they were twice nearly
capsized. A neavy squall struck the boat
and it half filled with water. Luckily the
peak halyards gave way and the sail came
down or both would have been drowned.
They were drifting down on Goat Island,
when one of the boys took off his shirt and
managed to signal the tug Governor
Irwin. She picked them up and towed
the boat to San Francisco. It will be
many moons before Samuel and Oliver
go fishing again.
Thomas Donnelly was caught in the act
of fobbing J. J. M. Evans on Drumm street
last night by Officer Hennebery, and was
promptly arrested. He had Evans np
against a brick wall and was going through
his pockets when caught. When ordered
to hold up his hands Evans took them out
of his pocttets, and also took all his money
($3) with them. Donnelly was charged
with attempting to commit grand larceny.
The schooner Aloha arrived from Hono
lulu yesterday after a Jong passage of
thirty-four days. Light winds and calms
caused the delay.
DIRTY STREETS AGAIN.
Money Taken From the Sweeping Fund
for Other Purposes.
The members of the Merchants' Associa
tion are anything but pleased with the
conduct of the Supervisors with reference
to street-sweeping. This was a hobby
with the association, which a year or so
ago kept the streets clean to show that it
could be done.
Yesterday a number of the members ob
served that the street -sweeping gang had
been laid off and that the streets ami gut
terways were rapidly filling with dirt ami
tilth. This stun was blown in all direc
tions by the wind greatly to the annoy
ance of the general public.
The reason that the streets were not
cleaned was because the Supervisors had
drawn upon the street-sweeping fund.
This fund has a surplus of $30,000 to its
credit, but since the general funds have
been exhausted the Supervisors have taken
the money away and used it for other pur
poses, and the work had to be stopped.
♦ — ■♦ — •
EASY MONEY FOR TSCHURR.
Market-Street Company Allows a Dam
age Suit by Default.
For a few moments yesteraay it seemed
as though L. J. Tschurr had secured a lit
tle easy money. Abont two weeks ago
Tschurr began suit against the Market
street Railway Company for $10,000 dam
ages for injuries sustained by being thrown
from the dummy of a Market-street car.
Notice of the suit was served upon Nicho
las T. Smith, treasurer of the company, on
June 15, but for some reason the company
failed to enter either an answer or a de
murrer in the time specified by law, and in
consequence yesterday Morgan Backus,
the Deputy County Clerk, entered a de
fault against the defendant.
In some manner the attorneys for the
railway got notice of this proceeding and
there was an immediate rush to circum
vent it. An application for a stay of pro
ceedings was entered and Judge Slack
granted ten days' time to the defendants
to show cause why judgment should not
be entered against them.
MORE CLERKS ALLOWED,
Registrar Hinton Authorized to
Employ Twelve Ad
ditional.
The Election Commissioners Will In*
sist on Precinct Registra
tion.
At the meeting of the Board of Election
Commissioners yesterday forenoon Max
Popper ana Fred Ruabe, representing a
committee of the Iroqnois Club, desired
the Commissioners to announce whether
precinct registration would be ordered.
They indicated that it was their purpose
to bring a test case provided that the Com
missioners should deny precinct registra
tion.
The Commissioners took the position |
that Registrar Hinton would decide, and j
the Registrar announced that he would
carry out the provisions of precinct regis
tration as formerly.
The new or general law which the Regis
trar is now recognizing requires registra
tion to begin 160 days before the election
and to close in August. No provision is
made for precinct reeistration, and Mr.
Popper and Mr. Raabe hoped to obtain a
declaration from the board that facilities
would or would not be provided for regis
tering in the precincts so that in the event
of a negative decision a foundation might
be established for iroing into court and
testing the applicability of the general law
in this respect to the City and County of
San Francisco.
Incidentally it was stated by City and
County Attorney Creswell that County
Clerk Curry would not resist the right of
the Registrar to prepare and print the
ticket, although the new general law pro
vides that this work should be done by the
County Clerk of any county or consoli
dated city and county. Hopes had been
entertained, evidently, that a test of the
law might be made on action of the County
Clerk challenging the Registrar's right to
prepare the ticket.
Auditor Broderick suggested that the
County Clerk had been advised by some
able and intelligent lawyer against any in
terference.
At the next meeting of the Commission
ers the subject will be reopened, and per
haps some action may be taken by the
board to open tbe way for a test case.
Registrar Hinton i 3 inclined to offer all
facilities for registering. When Mr. Pop
per requested evening registration, the
Registrar expressed willingness to comply
with the request, stating that under the
present rule the office was open Saturday
evenings.
The Registrar announced that he needed
twelve additional clerks. Commissioners
Creswell, Black and Tilton voted for a
resolution authorizing the employment of
that number. Auditor Broderick voted
against it. The Auditor is impressed with
the belief that provisions for registration
in San Francisco have not been changed
by the amendments to the general law.
Messrs. Broderick and Creswell ex
pressed a willingness to go right ahead at
present with the appointments of precinct
election officers.
The communication from the Republi
can County Committee, published in The
Call Sunday, requesting the appointment
of George Lewis to duty in the registration
department, was referred to Registrar
Hinton.
A large batch of salary warrants for
June received the approval of the board
without delay or discussion.
It is said that the twelve additional
clerks authorized by the meeting yester
day will be selected from a long list of
Democratic applicants, although it is pos
sible that Surveyor Tilton may manage to
get two Republicans appointed. The
Registrar of Voters, owing his own ap
pointment to Governor Budd, may listen
to suggestions from Stockton and Sacra- j
mento before closing the list of clerks to j
be named. j
TROUBLES FOLLOW
THE BLAIRMORE.
Broke Adrift When Nearly-
Raised and Went Down
Again.
WRECKED THE CATALINA
The Pumps and Superstructure
Broke From Their Fast
enings.
PUMPS WENT TO THE B3TTOM.
Narrow Escape of the Whitelaw in
the General Wreck — She
Nearly Capsized.
Disaster seems to follow the unfortunate
Blairmore. On several occasions all the
difficulties seemed to have been overcome
and Captain Burns would feel confident
that the vessel would be up and alongside
the wharl inside of twenty-four hours.
Then the pumps would choke up, the
hawsers would part or some other part of
the complicated macninery would break
down and all the work would have to be
done over again.
Two new pumps were purchased last
week ana placed in position, but last Sun
day the flange of one of them broke and
the work was again cle!a\-ed. Yesterday
the worst disaster of the series took place
and at one time it looked as though a
fatality was imminent. The wrecker
Whitelaw was hauled over by the heeling
ship until her deck was under water, and
the crew made a frantic rush for the boats.
The schooner Catalina had her masts
swept out in the general ruin, the pumps
are either under water or ruined and the
foremast of the Blairmore snapped off
close to tbe deck. The hull tnen sank
back into its old position and all the work
will have to be started almost from the
beginning again.
At daybreak Captain Whitelaw had
everything in readiness for what every
body wascertai.i would be the final effort.
The Whitelaw had been alongside the
bilge of the sunken ship, and steel haw
sers were run from her powerful derricks
to the masts of the Blairmore. The tugs
Sea King and Monarch had their hawsers
fastened to the hull and their engines were
doing their best. Slowly the sunken ves
sel was moved inshore, and as there was a
tendency shown to settle back on the level
bilge, the schooner Catalina was moved
around ana the foremast of the Blairmore
was eot over a boiler on the schooner's
deck.
Everything went well for a time, and the
two small pumps that were still intact did
good work. As tbe hold was freed of
water the hull rose considerably and then
the trouble began. The foremast besan to
work and its weight almost submerged the
Bchooner. Just when everybody expected
to see the Catalina go down the mast
napped and the Blairmore began to roll
jver. The working of the broken stick
swept the masts out of the schooner and
nearly carried some of the crew overboard.
All the weight was now on the Whitelaw's
derricks, and when she began to keel over
to a dangerous angle the crew thought it
was time to leave. The Blairmore only
went a certain distance, however, and the
strain on the hawsers was soon eased up.
Captain Burns is disheartened but not
discouraged. "A wee bit more and she
would have come," was his remark. "'lt
was the fortune of war, ana we must abide
by it." Captain Whitelaw felt worse than
anybody over the disaster. He has worked
like a beaver from the start, and there are
no three men in his employ that can ac
complish half as much as he. Morning,
noon and night have seen him at work,
and during the past fortnignt he has lost
fourteen pounds in weight. "We'll have
to try again," wa3 the only remark he
made.
This morning will see all hands at work
repairing the broken fences. The pumps
will be recovered if possible, and if un
serviceable new ones will be put in their
place. In the general crash the wooden
structure that looked like a house on the
vessel's bilge, and on which the tanks of
water rested, broke a"?ray from the hull
and went floating up with the tide. It
was recovered and will be placed inposi
tion and the vessel got as near as
possible on an even keel again. All this
will necessarily take time, and it will
probably be & week before another attempt
can be made. The vessel is now in twelve
feet less water than when the first attempt
was made, so that the next effort will be
attended with fewer aifficulties.
VICTIM OF AN OLD TRICK.
Lazaret Baznro, a Florist at Colma,
Swindled by Two Men.
Luigi Doni and Dominici Bianchi on
June 14 paid a visit to Lazaro Bazuro, a
florist at Colma, and represented them
selves as agents for a wealthy Italian syn
dicate that wanted to buy up several
nurseries.
They asked Bazuro if he was willing to
sell, and, if so, at what figure. Bazuro
named $1000, and they gladdened his
heart by telling him they could get $3000
from the syndicate. Then they asked
NEW TO-DAT.
" Making tea green does not
improve the flavor. It is rather the
other way. Of course, Prussian
Blue and such adulterations are ab-
solutely poisonous. There is not
enough in the tea to kill, perhaps,
but I have no doubt they cause
disease." — (fames R. Davies, Tea-
Inspector for the Port of New York.
Is it so bad as that in
New York? Really they
are very silly, those New
York people. We San
Franciscans would not
think of drinking colored
tea — Oh no! — Life is worth
living out here. We are
careful— Oh yes! — of what
we eat and drink.
Your money back if you
don't like Schilling s Best
pure tea.
A Schilling 9c. Company
San Francisco 814
---.>•■*; -j NEW: TO-PAY. -V j__
Beauty's bane is"* >^^ ~ h&
the fading or falling of V^^^y
the hair. Luxuriant T~ ' %a^
tresses are far more to the ,
matron than to the maid whose casket '
of charms is yet unrified by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use J
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
him how much ready cash he had, and he
showed them $107. They persuaded him
to put it in a tin box, and while his back
was turned they tools: possession of the
box and substituted another, which con
tained two cobblestones.
Bazuro notified the police, and yester
day Detectives Gibson and Wren ar
rested Doni and Bianchi. Bazuro wag
sent for, and identified them in the City
Prison. They will be charged to-day.
• ♦ — •
New Divorce Suits.
DlnaE. Scott has entered suit for divorce
from Robert Scott, alleging that he has de
serted her. Mrs. Scott states that her husband
has a large income and asks that she be al
lowed alimony and the custody of the two
minor children, James and Thomas Scott.
Joserjh B. Oberle. in a complaint for divorce,
says that his wife, Theresa, has been extremely
cruel to him.
NEW TO-L AY-AMUSEMENTS.
TRICDLAtIDCR.<iOTTU)D«b>- itiitaAnDnAiiAOi—
HIC WIFE'S
111^5 FATHER
How Did the Great Audience Receive Him ?
Ask Those Who Saw This Delightful Comedy.
Bead What the Dramatic Critics Say, - ■
. , THEN COME AND SEE
THEyjRRAWL^
. .. San Francisco's Own Home organization. -
A PERFECT CAST.
THE , I Beautiful Costumes,
SAME I Beautiful Stage beltings.
Preceded by the Charming "Curtain- Raiser"
(At the Request of Many Patrons),
HE ..MR, FKANK WORTHING
SHE ......MISS MAXIXK ELLIOTT
NEXT MONDAY— An "Old Timer." But the
Like of Which Has Never Been Equaled,
LONDON ASSURANCE-
Seats on Sale Thursday Next.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Miw. Kbnestimc Kbeiino, Proprietor &M.na*c*S
last x\7":e:e2:k:
OF OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE,
"A TRIP TO THE MOON"
FRIDAY EVENING, JULY 3,
18th Anniversary Night!
MONDAY EVENING. .JULY 6,
OPENING OP THE GRAND OPeRA SEASON
j Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav Hijtbichs.
; ■ • Repertoire. .. *•.. ;. •' . ' "< ■ ■
Monday, Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday,
"LUOJ A" (In Italian).
Wednesday, Friday ami Sunday,
"ROMEO AND JULIET" (in English).
;..l •■■ . Entire Eastern Company. ; ;■*.-• ■
Enlarged I'rclHMtru! Augmented Chorus!
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Ponulnr Prices— 2sn and sOc.
"THEATRE * props.
. — -....-■..
This Week Only Matinee Saturday
SUCCESS— Supreme and Immediate !
Sydney Grnndy's New York and London Triumph.
"A OF VIOLETS"
A POWERFUL PLAY,
POWERFULLY INTERPRETED BY
L. R. Stockwell's Company of Players!
Including MR. HERBERT KELCEY, -
} MISS EFFIE SHANNON
■ and the Star Cast.
Prices— Evening, 15c, 2 sc. 35c, 500, 75c;
Matinee, 25c and 50c.
Next Week— Sardon's"" AMERICANS ABROAD".
.■ ■ : - _ ', ;
O'FarreH Street. Between Stockton and Powell. ~-
WEEK OF JIiNE 39th.
A TRULY WONDERFUL BILL!
HOIJ-E.S PACKED TO THE DOORS!
is— NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS —^IB
THE GREAT FRKDEKICKS TROUPE,
FOUR MAIS AN OS,
. ROSSOW MIDGETS,
LA«T 5 NIGHTS OF THE VITASCOPE.
Reserved Seats, 'Jsc; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chair*
and Box seats. 50c.
| Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
$ utwr fßafe
Every Afternoon and Evening '.
THIS WEEK.
GRAND YESETIAFWATER CARNIVAL
July and Stlx.
With Beautiful Electrical Illuminations
at Night.
Sutro Scenic Railway Starts July 4.
Admission— Adults, ; lQc ; > Children, sc.
! THE CHUTES I
GREATEST SCENICJUILWAY 05 EARTH!
SUMMER SEASON BEGINS JULY 4,
—And Thereafter— - ;•_;
EVERY AFTERNOON AND. EVENING*
GRAND CONCERTS BY THE •
RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRA
Unparalleled Vaudeville Performance. la
the Big CASINO.  ' : - '
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In Amorisa.
WALTER MOROaco. Sola Les-wa and Alauiiii;
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Distinguished Comedian and Singer, ■
EMMETT SHiiRIUAN— — , '
In Ills Rollicking Comedy-Drama, --.'V-
"ONE OF THE BRAVEST!»» '
Special Engagement of the Popular Pair, "
GILBERT AM) GOIDIE, i -
■ , And of the Favorite Sonbrette, ; >„■->.'■
JOSEPHINE UASSMAN.
■ ;;'i . y VKNi.vra l'Biriu— 2sc ana ■*>!. ; ■ >
Family Circle and G»ll err. - 10a. o :.■!'■' ■- ,•
Usual Matinee* Saturday and Sanrtar.
OPENING OF THE GRAND CIRCUIT
TKOTTHG-HORSE BREED; RS' ASS'I. .
RACES! j||g^ : RACES!
I3ST Gr£iESir)E.
June 27, 30; July 1, 2, 3, 4, 1896.
Great races every day. : Best horses on the Coast
present. : Kaces begin at 2 o'clock. Mission-street
cars. Special train 1:15 o'clock.
78
SLEEPY JAKE SIT
ON KEARNEY STREET
Irvin Earuch, a Poker-
Player, Wielded the
Revolver.
FIRED INTO HIS BACK.
The Bullet Extracted and the
Wound Found to Be Only
Superficial.
WHAT LED TO THE SHOOTING.
Baruch Was the Principal Witness in
a F.lony Case Against Rosen
heim Years Ago.
The report of a pistol on Kearny street,
between Sutter and Post, about 9 o'clock
last night attracted quite a crowd of
people, and also Policemen Engel and
Dougherty.
The man who fired the shot was Irvin
Barucb, formerly a merchant tailor on
Grant avenue and later the proprietor of a
poker game in this City. The man who
•was shot was Jacob Rosenheim, alias
•'Sleepy Jake," a well-known confidence
operator and gambler.
Rosenheim and a friend were walking
up Kearny street, when Baruch sneaked
up behind Rosenheim and fired a shot
into his back. The street was crowded at
the time, and before Baruch could fire an
other shot W. W. McNeil, who is con
nected with the railroad mail service,
grabbed him and took the revolver from
him. Policemen Engel and Dougherty,
who had heard the shot, arrived upon the
scene and placed Baruch under arrest.
The patrol wagon was summoned and
Rosenheim was driven to the Receiving
Hospital, Baruch and the two policemen
accompanying him. Dr. Bunnell ex
tracted the bullet, which bad entered be
low the right shoulder. The wound is
only a superficial one and Rosenheim will
soon be all right atain.
Baruch was taken to the City Prison and
booked on the charge of assault to murder.
He was laboring under considerable ex
citement, and when informed that the
wound was not fatal he expressed his re
gret tbat he had made such a poor job of
it. Tbe revolver was booked as evidence
against him.
"This man Rosenheim," he said, "h«s
been threatening to kill me for year 3. and
this morning he made an attempt, but it
■was frustrated. I then armed myself, and
when I saw him on Kearny street to-night,
I did not give him the chance to try it on
again, but walked up behind him ahd shot
Dim.
"Seven or eijrht years ago I was the prin
cipal witness against Rosenheim in Judge
Garber's court in a case against him. He
had a machine with an electrical attach
ment whereby he professed to be able to
turn out $5 gold pieces that could not be
distinguished from the genuine ones. He
tried it upon me and I notified Captain
Loos. The result was Rosenheim was ar
rested and convicted in the Superior Court.
He appealed to the Supreme Court and
the conviction was sustained. Since then
he has threatened repeatedly to kill me.
"I have passed many sleepless nights
since, and these gray hairs are the result
of the mental agony I have nridergone
owing to that man's threats. lam sorry
I did not kill him."
Rosenheim, after serving his sentence in
San Quentin, was ordered out of the State.
He remained away till within the past few
months. He is one of the most notorious
confidence operators that ever visited this
City.
Rosenheim was unarmed, at least the
police did not find a revolver in his pockets
when he was searched at the hospital.
LUCKY PLAYED CROQUET
How Baldwin and Lily Passed
the Time at the Santa
Anita Ranch.
Iv Judge black's court yesterday An
drew Anderson told how "Lucky" Bald
win played croquet in the garden with
Lillian Ashley. It was in the garden at
the Santa Anita ranch, in the sweet
springtime two years ago.
When they were not driving the little
wooden balls through the wickets, they
were riding on horseback over the fertile
Baldwin acres, testified the witness. They
rode and rode like two centaurs, if Mr.
Anderson's word may be relied upon, and
made mutual love in their ridings. He
was an employe on the Santa Anita ranch,
and saw with shy, averted eyes E. J. and
Lillian a-wooing go.
"I think Mr. Baldwin was with Miss
Ashley most all the time," said Anderson.
"He"iust froze to her side, didn't he?"
asked Higbton.
"Yes — never let go."
Witness met Baldwin and Miss Ashley
at the racetrack in St. Louis a few months
later, he said, and she appeared to be in
trouble. Her eyes were teary, and there
was naught of the Santa Anita joyousness
about her. He went up in the grana stand
and spot--, to Baldwin and that gentleman
reprimanded bim for appearing before
him in his shirt sleeves.
Presently Baldwin's dignity unbent
somewhatand he chatted about old times
on the California rancho.
"I asked him," said Anderson, "what
was the matter with Miss Ashley." Mr.
Baldwin said she was in some kind of
trouble and accused him of being the cause
of it. Then he acknowledged that there
was grounds for the complaint, or some
thing to that effect.
"I then toki him that he should know
better than get into an affair like that, as
he had had enoueh experience of that kind
to learn something. I told him he ought
to carry a receipt-book with him and be
more business-like."
The mention of this practical sugges
tion of Mr. Baldwin's mentor started a
smile rippling cheerily over the placid
surface of the court.
Anderson's memory on subjects other
than Baldwin's alleged naughty actions
was somewhat murky. He couid not re
membei the date of any of his three wed
dings or any one of his employer's horses.
He was finally dismissed from tue wit
ness-stand to get his diary.
The first witness in the morning session
was the defendant, who testified that he
did not in 1891 offer to send Miss Ashley
to school. That was in Winchester, Mass.,
where he was visiting her. To all the fair
Lillian's importuning he had said he
would ''see about it."
Nathaniel Carter was placed on the
stand and testified that he had never told
Miss Ashley, as had been reported, that
Baldwin had fixed the San Francisco
courts and she could not get her case
through them.
The trial coes on this morning at 11
o clock.
PROMINENT DELEGATES TO THE CONVENTION OF CIVIL ENGINEERS.
CIVIL ENGINEERS
IN CONVENTION.
First Day of Their Twenty-
Eighth Annual Meet
ing.
NEW OFFICERS ELECTED
Harbor Commissioners Will En
tertain the Visitors on
the Bay.
WEDNESDAY AT THE. PRESIDIO.
Santa Cruz. Del Monte, Fo'som, San
Jose and Other Places Will Be
Visited.
The twenty-eighth annual convention of
the American Society of Civil Engineers
opened yesterday morning in the Califor
nia Academy of Sciences' building.
Among tbe engineers present from this
and other States, as well as Europe, were:
G. E. Gray, San Francisco; G. H. Mendell,
Sari Francisco; Joseph M. Knap, New York;
William Ham Hall, San Francisco; Fred Eaton,
Los Angeles; Joseph M. Wilson, Philadelphia;
T. E. Trask, Ontario; E. T. Wright. Los Ange
les; Jnmes W. Johnson, Kiverside ; James E.
Mills, Quincy, <'al.; W. C. Ambrose, Bakers
field; W.D.Gillette, Pan Francisco; Loait G.
Hare, Salinas; J. H. Wallace, John D. Isancs
and James L. Frazier, San Francisco;
T. W. Morgan, Oakland; Otto yon Gcldern, j
San Francisco; William Mctcalf, Pittsburgh, !
C. E. Moore, Sail Francisco; C. E. |
Goad, Canada; C. K. Bannister, Utah;!
E. J. Molera. C. Davisfor, San Francisco; !
Luther Wagoner, San Francisco; A. McL. I
Hawks, Tacoma; A. A. Riffee, Oregon; O.
B. Hegarst, Oregon; Albert I. Frye. Ban
Francisco; J. J. linnovan, Washington; J. D.
Galloway. Arthur L. Adams, San Francisco ;
E. Gybbon Spilsbury, New Jersey; Frank O.
Mason, Mare Island; C. B. Wing, L. M. Has
kins, J. C. L. Fish and G. W. Gibson, Stan
ford University; E. F. Haas, Stockton; ;C. B.
Sutter, E. E. Grunsky, San Francisco; 'Cyrus
C. Babb Washington, D. C; J. C. McChire,
Los Angeles; D. W. Wellman, Los Gatos; Cari
Wistshutur, Germany; Carl Weisshurhy,
Vienna; Felix Weisshurhy, Vienna: George I
M. Dodge, San Rafael; Charles Q. Yale, San
Francisco; E. B. Lushing, Texas; L.L.Fitzger
ald, Indiana; Randell Hunt, San Francisco; i
Georee T. Prince, Omaha; D. Ernest Mellis, Sun j
Francisco; L. H. Tayjor, Nevada; Benjamin :
Recce, Chicago; Alfred R. Phil, Oregon; J. L.
Linseyor. St. Louis; C. D. Marx, Stanford Uni- !
versity; Herman Kower, University of Cali- I
fornia"; J, N. Cluster, Indianapolis; H. A. Hi:l, !
Merced; A. W. Untbimk, San Francisco; G. I
W. Fallarat, San Francisco; Francis Bridges,
San Franci?co ; W. & Lincoln. St. Louis; W. A.
Doble, San Francisco; G. S. Dillman, Alameda;
W. S. Palmer, Oakland; Arthur Brown, Oak
land; Mansfield Merriman, Pennsylvania; G.
A. Quinlan, Texas; M. E. Howe, Texas; D. C.
Henny, !San Francisco; A. Riffe, San Francisco;
C. W. Brown, Oakland; Ernest McCullough,
San Francisco.
Colonel George E. Gray welcomed the
strangers and members of the society,
after calling the meeting to order, and
then called Colonel George H. Mendell to
the chair. The latter gentleman, of the
United States Engineer Corps, retired,
presided during the day's meeting. On
the platform with him were: Chief En
gineer Storey of the Valley Railroad Com
pany, Professor George Davidson, W. G.
Curtis of the Southern Pacific Company
and James D. Schuyler of Los Angeles.
George F. Ailardt. chairman ofthe Cali
fornia Association of Civil Engineers, and
Secretary yon Goldern of the same organ
ization were among the prominent mem
bers present.
The forenoon and most of the afternoon
were devoted principally to the reading of
technical papers submitted by engineers
and publish! rs in pamphlet form for the
civil engineers of the world.
The various papers and the names of the
authors are as follows:
L "Flow of Water in Wrought asd Cast-Iron
*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
Pipes from 28 to 42 inches in diameter," by
Isaac W. Smith, M. Am. Sec. C. E.
"A Water Power and Compressed Air Trans
mission flant for the North riiar Mining Com
pany, Grass Valley, Cal.," by A. D. Foote, M.
Am. Soc. C. E.
"The Condition of Steel in Bridge Pins," by
A. (.'. Cunningham. M. Am. Soc. C. E.
"Improving the Entrance to a Bar Harbor by
a Single Jetty," by Thomas W. Symons, M. Am.
Soc. C. E.
"The Construction of a Light Mountain Rail
road in the Republic .pf Colombia," by E. J.
Chibas, Assoc. if. Am. Soc. C. E.
The principal business of the day was
the election of seven members of the board
of directors, as follows: John Van Horn,
P. C. Ricketts, A. D. Hill, J. E. Greinor,
G. S. Pierson, W. H. Kennedy and W. G.
Curtis.
M. Wagner, president of the California
Association of Civil Engineers, desiring
to join with the local committee for the
entertainment of the visitors, stated that
Howard Holmes, chief engineer of 'tbe
Harbor Commission, invited the visitors to
enjoy a trip on the bay and to inspect the
harbor. The start will be made at 8:45 in
the morning.
Mr. Wagner farther stated that on
Wednesday the assembly would take place
at the Presidio at 9 a. m., where transnor
tntion will be furnished to the fortifica
tions which are to be inspected.
Luuch will be had at Harbor View upon
the return trip, after which a run will be
made to the university at Berkeley.
The twenty ladies who accompanied tbe
delegates from the East were entertained
in the evening at the Palace Hotel with
music and dancing by the wives and
daughters of the local civil engineers.
FREUD MAKES AN ANSWER
His Courteous Reply to the
Women of the Liberal
League.
He Deals With Their Resolutions
Only So Far as They Affect
the New Charter.
J. Richard Freud, the attorney and sec
retary of the Merchants' Association,
takes very good-naturedly the criticism of
the American Women's Liberal League.
He said that the women were unneces
sarily personal in referring to himself.
He said that when women attack a man
the latter is always at a disadvantage
because ihe former seem to have privileges
and are allowed tactics in the assault that
are denied to the sterner sex.
He stated that the attack upon himself
had caused much amusement among cis
friends and business acquaintances and
added:
In replying I certainly shall not make an
swer to anything that refers to me or my
motives. I would, however, reply to the
league's denunciation of the uew charter as
per printed resolutions. These resolutions re
late entirely to one particular section of the
article in the chaiter upon public schools.
It is naiurrtl and proper that the subject of
education should receive tbe special attention
of all ladies interested in public affairs, and I
do not propose in any measure to discourage
their praiseworthy efforts iv this direction.
In fact, the charter itself manfully opens the
portals of the public service to their sex in the
following explicit provisions: Article VII.
chapter 1, section 1 provides that "the Bchool
Directors shall be appointed without regird to
sex." Again, Article XII on the civil Rervice,
section 11, requires that "sex shall be disre
garded" wherever and whenever possible.
In order that the objections of these ladies
may be correctly stated and answered let the
exact larguuge of the charter be quoted.
Article VII, chapter 1, section 4, says that "the
Board of Education shall not appoint any per
son to be a teacher in the primary or grammar
classes of the schools of this City and County
except upon competitive examination of those
persons holding teachers' certificates, and
who hare been educated in the public-school
system .of the State of California. The portion
of this section to which these ladies oDject ia
the requirement that teachers shall be edu
cated in the public-school system of our State.
The objections to this provision as set forth
in the resolutions of the Women's League may
be completely summarized in two counts— first,
it is claimed that this provision is narrow, be
cause it will exclude persons educated outside
of California; and, second, that it is sectional,
because it will exclude persons not educated
iv the school system of our State.
As to the first claim, I frankly admit that in
theory it appears somewhat narrow to shut
out Eastern and foreign teacher* from any
portion of our public schools. While this may
appear so theoretically, it is the reverse in
practice. There are 680 teachers in the pri
mary and grammar classes of the public
schools of San Francisco. There are three
normal schools in California, namely, at San
Jose, Chico and Los Angeles, with an attend
ance of 1381 pupils, expecting to become
teachers in our public schools. It is an undis
puted fact that for want of opportunity to
teach in our public schools, ninny of the«e
young men and women graduates, some of |
whom are native sons and daughters, are
forced into Interior vocations. To my knowl
edge there are capable and deserving gradu-
Rles of the University of California, holding
teachers' certificates, who have been driven
into menial occupations because the public |
schools were already filled with teachers, i
many of whom are recent immigrants to Cali- I
fornla from Eastern and European countries. I
The Influence necessary to secure positions as
teachers in our ipublic schools unfortunately
does not at present always depend upon merit,
ability or capacity. Viewed from this stand
point, therefore, this provision of the charter
is based upon the most patriotic motives of
self -preservation.
As to the second objection that this pro
vision of the charter is sectional because it
will exclude persons from becoming teachers i
who are not educated in oar public school sys- j
tern, 1 have bt;en Informed by the framers of i
the charter that no such illiberal spirit was :
contemplated or intended. In truth, tne many
broad and liberal provisions throughout
the charter bearing upon rellgluos free
dom and tolerance warrants the belief
that no sectional feeling animated any of
its framers. Article VII, chapter 4, section
4, says: "It shall be the duty of the
Superintendent of Schools to see that no re
ligious or sectarian books or teachings are al
lowed in the schools." Article XII on the civil
service, section 7, says: "No question in any
examination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations.
If the foregoicg explanations are not en
tirely convincing the women's Liberal League
should remember that the same power that j
• uthorlzed the creation of the charter also i
provides for Its amendment. Section 8, Article !
XI, of tbe constitution of California says:
"I'he charter, so ratified/ may be amended at
intervals ot not less than two years, at a gen
eral or special election, by at least three-fifths
of the qualified electors voting thereat, and
approved by the Legislature, as herein pro
vided for the approval of tbe charter." In
other words, every two years the people, by
three-fifths vote, may amend the charter in
the same manner as they made it. The only
difference is the requirement of tnree-fifths
instead of one-half of tbe votes polled, which
in an election of 60,000 voters would make
36,000 instead of 30.000. Finally the charter
itself, at any time after its adoption, may be
entirely supplanted in the same manner and I
by the same vote as it was created and passed.
In conclusion, I cannot refrain from appeal- |
ing to the Women's Liberal League, as well as |
to every fair-minded lady in San Francisco, to |
study the new charter in all its parts. No or
ganic law ever devised has been absolutely
perfect. No human work is infallible. The
constitution of the United State* has been
amended fifteen dUtlnct times. The constitu
tion of California, only 18 years of age, has j
been chanced by vote of the people in more
than a score oi its provisions.
Six nevr Hmendments to the constitution of
California will be voted upon at tbe next elec- j
tlon. It would, indeed, be a sad commentary j
upon the wisdom and intelligence of those I
who expect soon to become enfranchised to:
discard tbe entire ch&iter with its manifold j
recognized blessing because it contains one ob- j
jectionable clause. If such a course were gen
erally pursued progress in the science of gov
ernment would be wholly arrested.
The new charter is by no meam perfect. |
But, taken as a whole, it is a careful, liberal
and effective exposition of modern municipal
law. Nearly all its important provisions are
extracted from the successful charters of the
most progressive cities of the world. I earn
estly advocate it* adoption because I sincerely
believe it will restore confidence and pros-
Deri ly to San Francisco. To the generous peo
ple of California I am forever Indebted for an
education, begun thirty-two years ago in the
primary schools of San Francisco and com
pleted twenty years ago In tne University of
California. It would be gross Ingratitude on
my part to fail, at this critical moment, to
contribute my humble ellorts toward the adop
tion of a charter fraught with such auspicious
results to the welfare of Ban Francisco.
Profitable Ranch Work.
M. Kahn has brought suit In the Justices'
Court to obtain $225 from Henry Bowman. It
is averred in the complaint that tue defendant
Bowman, while acting as an employe of the
plaintiff on a ranch in Solano County, aaed the
latter's outfit of horses, men and machinery to
perform work on other ranches. It is said that
the defendant received $100 for such work on
the Clay Settle ranch and further suma on
other ranches.
Golden Gate Guo Club.
The Golden Gate Gun Club will hold its first
meeting at 517 Market street on Wednesday
evening. The president is in hopes that a full
attendance will be present, as a programme
for the season's trap-shooting contests will be
arranged.
Property-Owners Warned.
As a precaution against fire on or about the
coming July 4 Chief Engineer Sullivan of the
Fire Department desires to 'caution property
owners to remove all shavings, paper, Utter or
other combustible material and waste from
and about their premises, and also to keep
their premises thoroughly wetted down and to
keep the hose attached to the faucet on that
day, ready for immediate use. _~ ; ;- •
» ♦ — »
Loans, on diamonds. "■■: Interest -low. At Uncle
ilarris', 15 Grant avenue.
PEOPLE'S BANK
CASE CLOSES,
Conclusion of Arguments
in the Superior
Court.
JUDGE MAGEE TESTIFIES
Believes Sheehan's Services Were
Worth About $250 a
Month.
CAKPENTEE CLOSES CONFIDENT
Declares That Bartnett Has Produced
No Evidence to Support
His Case.
The evidence in the People's Home Sav
ings Bank case has been put in and the
matter submitted to Judge Seawell for
decision upon Judge Carpenter's motion
for dismissal. The taking of testimony
was completed before the noon adjourn
ment and the whole afternoon was taken
up with argument of counsel on Carpen
ter's motion. When the argument was
concluded Judge Seawell said he would
take the matter under advisement during
vacation.
At tbe opening of the court Judge Sea
well exhibited, to counsel the following
anonymous note, which he had received
on a postal card since the previous session
of the court:
Stockton, June 27, 1896.
To Bon. Seawetl— Sir: It la to be sincerely
hoped you'll decide tbe People's Bank case,
without fear or favor, in accordance to the
evidence introduced. Is the law and ils otti
i:ers> (as the past has demonstrated it) im
potent, so corrupt and venal as to willfully
disregard the sacred rights of the unfortunate
depositors? Are the affairs and assets of the de
funct institution to be indefinitely conducted
by the "gang" now on trial? We hope not.
Pause and reflect; may God deal with you as
you'll soon deal with us depositors.
A Victim.
Judge H. W. Magee, one of the Bank
Commissioners, after a false start toward
the bailiff's desk, succeeded, with the as
sistance of clerk and counsel, in reaching
the witness stand. In answer to a hypo
thetical question put by Attorney Bartnett
in regard to the services rendered by Gen
eral Sheehan from July, 1894, to January,
1895. Judge Magee gave it as his opinion
that $250 a month would have been a rea
sonable compensation. In reply to a sim
ilar question as to Attorney Watt's ser
vices ihe witness declared that he would
be unable to state what they were reason
ably worth.
He admitted, however, that if Watt had
to lent extra office room, engage addi
tional employes and turn over some of his
practice to others, all tliis would warrant
a greater salary beint; paid him. Likewise,
tbe fact tbat General Sbeehan had to give
bonds of some $150,000 would tend to show
the vaiue of the general's services.
Attorney Bartnett placed in evidence
the report of the Bank Commissioners,
dated January 18, 1895, which concludes as
follows: "We are of the opinion that the
administration of the affairs of said bank
during sa»d term has been honest and ef
ficient, although we do not approve of the
allowance of $4000 to the receiirer."
Attorney J. A. Stephens, who occupies
an office in the Mills building witu Attor
ney Watt, testified that he had given $550
to Phelps with which to purchase the
Merrill claim. He denied that the money
had' been furnished by Sterman and de
nied knowing that similar claims could
have been bought in the market at one
quarter of their face value. He denied
having told Judge Sawyer at any time
tbat he (Stephens) controlled the board of
directors.
Stephens had no personal interest in
purchasing Merrill's claim, except that he
wished to thus get Merrill out of tho board,
NEW TO-DAY.
o^XXKH><><XX>o<K><K><^
| \l ; \ GIGANTIC SALE I
6 ;\WI \ OF LADIES' DRESSES AND JACKETS. '..A $8.50.$
(S I /.vs~ This is not a sale of cheap, old-style garments. We are «^"_As'X REEFER f\
V ■ : /_( \ only offering nltrafashlonable up-to-date goods— tho best /f^TtTrz^U'K •••■—■• •■•» ■\J
/S ) *"* I/A ' and latest that our 25 years' experience can select. Our I illk/ ' ¥'"^^ 7\ *■■—*' A
V \^-H" ' ■ i ii"^*" "* lft prices make i\ custom r every time, Come and learn nlt! (jfs£» I UMll V
A •, • I*7 **"*' what a bargain Is In Dresses, Capes and Jackets. " -i?i!r#f"'/ ' Hllll . JL
X Li EVERY GARMENT HARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. si Wr^ ' Rl A7CR A
T \J ONE PRIbBTO'ALL. if V^ ■< OLAfcfcH V
a CH , D - '■ — — ■ / A DRESSES. x
V SnlKl j^h. ELEGANT TAN C^-.sO / \ V
O WAISTC v * KERSEY JACKPT*% $J / / V " These come In •'.!- A
V WAI3 13, yJi ' IVEK.3CI J.-\LM:iJ ""I* / It T wool Serges, colors V
0 A(\r i\(\r '_, ««^«t#?fev- lightest shade of fine tan Kersey, durable I 1 \ ' ?.* V 7 blue * nd A
V 4UC OUC «|\El »nd e> Kant . large pearl buttons on box front / # 'V b Jackets are V
O Cn/' ■ *7Cr- Pw^A&WWMI and smu'l pearl buttons to trim. A $12 30 / A \\ aal ive' iued \ ,? kl I tsar ® A
V SUC 75C j/; S^^i/JiPf Jacket for $7 SO. ' 00 /'« . \\\ wtd«aud lined with \J
V Four hot weather ifKHHSP ' — **"* / \\M I 1 Bn,8 n,, Be 5 U i l « r s?r2 V
0 {erDsa^auYou 0 ™ Hi i«"*« wUhlar*e%eart bufton^box from* «1 Q-50 TAILOR-MADE A
X offhP m J m'fffln 1 ™ 1 ble sleeves. This Jacket started the season <IplO KKKFEK ."RESSES. V
O -. em '-->- at $10. Bale price now »* 50. ■>«»«"» . Made of the finest Ail-Wool Fancy Mixed A
I -._„.,_. _^_, „ : ; — TTTT: — — -; . . Cheviots. Jackets all lined. Skirts extra \J
O 2TERKY QAC-Kegular price $1 60. We _ . . , _____ wide and rustle -lined. Af 20 dress for X
V WAISTS V\) have them in choicest : .-• 913 bo i • T ■•• O
A • styles and a'l sines. . VELVET AND <»0.00 These are fall ~— I
V „-..„ ZZ — 7~T T~. SILK CAPES tiPD dress Capes, $1 Q.OO ELEGANT TAILOR-MADE O
A 5J A a The most celebrated laundered made of velvet and silk and slllt lined, jet ' tlplO REEFER DRESSES. Y.
\J v..: WAISTS Waist In America. Sells every- and ribbon trimmed. • Only 6. • » • All " our 25 and 827 50 elegant Tailor- f\
A <?Iil -85 where for $2. Our sale price ■ ___: ■- -■ mad* Reefer Dresses are one price now-SXB. V
Q ' 1 — 7- 8125. All sires and. patterns. , rTO _ w mctnn w- .^ i . _,:_ rbt ? »re fashioned of the finest fancy A
V : ■ — ~ — — $ ST.? $2 00 c na^. a J ot . °* flno Cheviots In all shading The Jackets are all V
0 BLACK INDIA Made of the finest , ' ri^E ™u«_«l^f f^ All- Wool Cloth silk llntd and the skirts rustle lined. Made A
1 - BILK WAISTS . Black India Silk, with Sf!!; . r o h ' 8 . 8e ? a « S s7 leB i D colors tbat " up In the swellest styles. . V
f\ ' Bishop sleeves- and • n»Kuian> at so, $4 and 85. We have ■ ■ — .. T-
V ©095 fancy collars and cuffs. marked them all at one prlce-82. ;.. DUCK . Blater Duck Drowse. In light O
*S «IP_( All sizes up to 42 bust. ■ — : -■ '' '■'•' DRESSES, blue, , tan • and dark blue X
V —~ Z ; 300 JACKETS AT ' Made of Fin* All- ground with white strip**. • All sizes. - O
A SEPARATE Made of fine figured Mohair, 51. 50. 84.00. •«. 5O Wool Cloth with ' - & BLAZER STYLE, SI.SO V
\J SKIRTS cut wide, lined with rustle big sleeves, fine lining and perfect In every _!■ STYLE! ,81. 75 O
A' " - lining ana finished with vel- way. They are last season's styles and sold oot r — w»«w Duck am* «mii. ", — :: — _" V
9 .•s__ -•;?-,§ ?"* 8 -^_ Vo — TIM. SSKiSi.^"" 9
X KZ'F r iT iT iV c&v I_i"E3Eii_3__jS, X
g 120 KZEAFtISr-y STREET,
A The Largest Exclusive Cloak and Suit House on the Pacific Coast. $
A i Special attention given to Country Orders. Satisfaction guaranteed in every case. JL
because be was old and did not understand
much about business, and to have Phelps
elected. Stephens thought that if he
could get Phelps into tbe board, who was
friendly to him, he would be better able
to obtain any favors from tbe board.
General Sheehan was recalled to testify
in regard Jo the employment of A. F.
Johns by the bank. They had employed
him on only one occasion to investigate
some of the Arizona properties. Johns
had been at tbe bank a large number of
times, "for," declared General Sheehan,
"he is a man who Is everywhere, knows
everything and everybody, makes every
one else's business his own business, and
is engaged in all sorts of schemes." Gen
eral Sheehan denied having had knowl
edge of Johns' connection with tbe Kings
River Reclamation District matter until
within the past few weeks.
Dr. Jenningson was put oo the stand,
I at all the questions propounded by At
torney Bartnett were objected to by Judge
Carpenter, and the objections sustained,
so the doctor left the stand without hav
ing given a word of testimony. Then
Bank Commiasicuer Magee again took the
stand.
Attorney Bartnett here tlosed his case,
and Judge Carpenter moved for a dismissal
on the ground that the charges had not
been substantiated.
"There has been no evidence of wrong
doing on the part of General Sheehan or
the other defendants," declared Carpen
ter. "There have been charges of various
conspiracies, but there has been no ves
tlce of proof of such conspiracies. All
that has been proven is a dftlay of a month
or so on the part of the defendants, which
we claim is not criminal." At the conclu
sion of Judge Carpenter's protracted out
burst of forensic eloquence the court
adjourned until 2 o'clock.
Attorney Bartnett argued at length in
reply to Judge Carpenter at the opening of
the afternoon session. He dwelt witn par
ticular emphasis upon General Sheehan's
refusal to permit Grossmeyer to seethe
books of the bank, a refusal which he con
tended constituted a misdemeanor under
the following section of the Penal Code:
Sec. 13,565. Every officer or agent of any
corporation having or keeping an office within
this State who has in his custody or control
any book, paper or document of such corpora
tion, and who refuses to give to a stockholder
or member of such corporation lawfully de
manding, during office hours, to inspect or
take v copy of the tame, or of any part thereof,
a reasonable opportunity so to do, is guilty of
a misdemeanor.
After Attorney Bartnett had concluded
with a spirited appeal in behalf of the de
positors, Judge Carpenter replied briefly.
He denied that the court had jurisdiction
in the case of Sheehan, unless indicted by
the Grand Jury. He took up the various
statements of Attorney ijartnett and
scored him for his alleged misquotations
and misrepresentations.
At the conclusion of the argument Judge
Seawell said he would take tne matter of
dismissal under consideration.
CHARGED WITH MURDER
Blra. Balckwell Accused by a Coroner's
Jury of Causing Pretty Katie
Keenan') Death.
As the reeult of an inquest held by Cor
ner Hawkins yesterday morning on the
body of Miss Katie Keenan Mrs. D.
Balctwell stands charged with murder
and "Abe" Gorfinkle is accused of being
an accessory to the crime.
Miss Keenan died last week at 26 Har
riet street from the effects of a criminal
j operation. At the inquest yesterday Mrs.
McCarthy, the lirst witness, testified that
she had gone to the home of Mrs.
BalcKwell with the dead girl, and the lat
ter had told her that she had undergone
an operation. Mrs. Henry Lantz said that
Miss Keenan hart imparted similar infor
mation to her. Dr. Morgan testified as to
the medicine found in tne dead girl's
room. They were of the nature usually
employed in such cases.
Gorhnkle, who has been absent from the
City for several days — in fact, ever since
the crime was discovered— then took the
stand- He denied having been intimate
with the dead girl or that he had ever
given her money. Neither was he respon
sible for her going to Mrs. Balckwell.
After the inquest Gorn'nkle was arrested
and taken to the Central station. The ac
j cused man says that he left the City to
avoid any scandal that might result from
Miss Keenan's dentil.
Married in Sun Jose.
y Policeman August H. Wagner, the guardian
of the Police Courts and Treasurer's office, re
turned from his vacation yesterday and
brought with him a wife. The lady's maiden
name was Rose Jewett, and the marriage was
celebrated at her parent's residence in San
Jose on June 17, the officiating clergyman
being Rev. Dr. Burton. The honeymoon was
spent at Del Monte. Wagner was the recipient
oi many congratulations.
NEW CLUBHOUSE
IT SAUSALITO,
Will Be Built at Once by
the San Francisco
Yacht Club.
TO COST ABOUT $15,000.
Wide Verandahs Will Afford
Views of the Bay and
Regattas.
FINE SALT WATER BATHS.
Another Poolroom Has Opened at
Sausalito —Close of the San
Rafael Carnival.
A new clubhouse will soon be constructed
for the San Francisco Yacht Club, it will
be a thing of beauty on the water front at
Sausalito.
Flans and specifications have been in
course of preparation some time; they
will soon be completed. Then the work
of putting tbe architectural design into
actual material form will begin.
The new clubhouse will be both sub
stantial and tasty. It will afford an ex
cellent view of the bay and an ornament
of the water front that will be not only
a source of pleasure to the club members,
but an object of gratification to Sausalito.
The clubhouse will be three stories high
and verandahs will run all around it, from
which a magnificent view of tbe bay can
be had. The verandans will also be an
excellent point of vantage from which to
watch regattas and other yacht and boat
races.
The first story will be used for boats,
lockers, a sail loft and for a place of stor
age for general boating paraphernalia. It
will be fitted with all the latest modern
appliances and conveniences for housing
boats.
On the second floor the comforts and
some of the luxuries will begin. This floor
will be divided into a beautiful dining
room, a capacious and handsome assem
bly-room, and there will also be a library
and well-lighted reading-rooms.
In another division of this floor will be
tbe kitchen, pantries, linen closets, etc.
The third floor produces another at
tractive feature, particulary for the club
members. It will be divided into about
twenty rooms for the accommodation of
the members and their families.
A leading feature of the new clubhonse
will be hot and cold salt water baths. The
bathing quarters will be finished in lux
uriant style. As a matter of fact the new
clubhonse of the San Francisco Yacht
Club will be up to date in all respects, and
no necessary expense will be spared to
make it so.
Vice-President C. H. Morrell of the cluD
has supervision of the project. When,
complete it will be a fine ornament to the
lovely little city by the bay. The cost of
the new clubhouse will be $15,000.
Another commission-room was opened
in Sansalito yesterday morning by Harry
Corbett & Co. in the hall of the new build
ing of Bareno's on the water front. Sau
salito has two commission-rooms in fall
blast now. The two farms are working
under the regular license act, and it is
presumed the matter will again be venti
lated at tbe next regular monthly meeting
of the Town Board to be held the first
Monday in July.FIGHTING HARD
FOR A FRANCHISE
The Points Gained by the
Geary-Street Rail
way.
MINORITY RESISTANCE.
Majority of Supervisors Vote
for the Fifty Years'
Grant.
SPEECHES AND PROTESTS.
Battle to Be Renewed To-Day— Muni«
cipal Building Plans— Bou'evard
Traific.
The Geary-Btrcet Railway franchise was
the toj ie of discussion by the Board of Sup
ervisors yesterday afternoon, and insinua
tions were thrown out. rieht and left.
Tie existing franchise of the company ■
vrill not expire for seven years, but as
i great changes have been projected, with a
. view of providing an electric system of a
permanent character, extending facilities
to meet the public requirements of a large
and rapidly developing region of the City,
the managers of the corporation asked
that the sale of the franchise for iifty
years be advertised.
This proposition encountered violent op
• position, and quite a number of petitions
' have been filed in the office of the Board
of Supervisors against granting the com
party's request.
Supervisor Dimond has been leading the
opposition to the sale of the franchise,
holding that the privilege, which would
now go for $5000, won let be worth $50,000 |
when the present franchise expires.
Supervisor Spreckelsis in favor of giving j
, the company the right to bid for the fran- |
chise now, in view of the fact that it is the '
purpose of the directors of the corporation
to invest a large sum of money to build, j
equip and operate an electric railway
system.' He holds that men who are
willing to invest t'.ieir capital to promote j
the development of the City and provide
for the people the best of modern facilities
for rapid transit should be protected in
their investments.
Herman de Laguna has sent a commu
nication to the board, stating that the
corporate life of the applicant corporation I
ceases earlier than fifty years hence, j
Therefore, he holds that the corporation j
should file with its written acceptance of :
a new franchise a written abandonment
of the old. He contends that the Board
of Supervisors has no power to grant a :
vested interest in the street for a time 1
longer than the life of the grantee corpora- '■
tion, -i.
WheD the order granting the franchise
came up Supervisor Dimond moved its j
indefinite postponement.
Supervisor SprecKels moved that the ;
order be laid over one wees.
The motion to defer action one week
was lost.
The motion to postpone indefinitely was
lost by the fcik>WMtjj vote: -Nms— Kinß,
Scully, Benjamin, Hughes, Dunker, Mor- :
gensterp, Sprecfcels, Wagner— B.
Ayes — Hirsch, Dimond, Taylor,
Hobbs— 4.
Supervisor Hughes moved to advertise
for bids for the sale of the franchise.
Supervisor Dimond said: "I hope the
board will not do this in opposition to the
will of the people. What right have we
to dispose ol a franchise seven years be
foie it expires? Seven years hence this
franchise ought to be worth $50 ; 000." The
Supervisor mentioned the receipt of a
letter from the Geary-street Company
which he had received on coming into the
1_ . _ !_._ TT_ . _ J _ * I _ _
board yesterday. He presumed other
members had received a like letter. Ref- |
erence was made in the speech to one of !
the provisions of the letter relating to j
payment of 2 percent on gross earnings.
Supervisor Spreckela replied to Mr. ;
Dimond, saying: "The object of the com- |
pany in seeking to obtain the franchise is
to protect the investment of capital in the j
improvement of the road. A lar^e outlay j
for a permanent plant and the equipment
throughout of an electric railroad is con
templated. Capital will not invest in en
terprises of public improvement unless
there is some guarantee of protection.
The Supervisor from the Fifth misleads |
you in his statement as to what tbe com- |
municationfrom the applicant for the fran- !
chise contains. I now ask the clerk to
read the entire letter."
John A. Russell, clerk of the board, then j
read the communication addressed to Mr.
Spreckels. Each Supervisor received a
similar communication. Following is a
copy :
San Fkancisco, June 29, 1896.
Dear Sir: Some objections have been raised
by newspapers, improvement clubs and indi
viduals to the new franchise for which appli
cation has been made to the Board of Super
visors of the City and County of San Francisco '
by the Geary-street, Park and Ocean Railroad j
Company.
TU« Street Committee of that board, after ;
careful consideration, have recommended that
toeeaSM be granted, but have inserted therein
a clause to the effect thut 2 per cent of the :
gross receipts of the line t-hail be paid into the
cny treasury by the grantee. This is a heavy;
tax upon the operations of the road, and, if !
travel thereon should increase according to
our expectations, will form a large and con- j
tinuous addition to the financial resources of
the City, and of itself be a full equivalent for j
the privileges granted.
To enable the company, however, to do a ;
business which will yield it a reasonable
profit, or even cover its expenses, after pay-;
ment of such ii percentage, it is manifest that
the road aud equipment must be of a character
that can successfully compete with the high j
class roads in the vicinity, in order that a fair 1
share oi travel can be induced thereon.
The present cable road, cam and equipment, |
are old and unsuited to modern requirements, j
and the public naturally patronize other lines
■where they can obtain superior accommoda- j
tions at the same rate. The directors of the j
Geary -street, Park and Ocean Kailroad Com
pany* hare, for some time past, seen the neces
sity for a reconstruction and a re-equipment of
the road so as to briug it up to the desired
standard, but the vaat expenditures which
would tiJerebf be entailed are noi regarded [
-udent in consideration of the
short time the present franchise has ,
yet to run. They have, therefore, applied to
your honorable board for a new franchise,
which. It finally granted to this company, will
run for a sufficient length of time to justify
Buoh an outlay. Should the company secure |
said franchise it is the Intention of Its direc- i
tors to convert the present road into a first
class electric roaa, with all the most approved
equipments and devices, so that it will receive
the lull share of travel to which its location
entitles it. If this is done both the City and
company will be benefited, the former by the
receipt of a large percentage on the gross
receipt* oi a great and prosperous roadand the
latter by the increased business which will :
assuredly follow its reconstruction.
Were it not ior the latter considerations the
onerous conditions presented by the Street
Committee could not be accepted, but with
such increase of business the company feels
that it will be able to shoulder the udditional
burden thus placed upon it.
It may further be suggested that this per
centage will be payable for geveral years be
fore the City could enforce such a requirement
in any franchise 10 be granted at the expira
tion of the term of the Present franchise of
said company, and thus all percentages prior
to 1003 will be clear gain to the City.
'1 he company feels assured tnat when the
merits of Us application arc deliberately con-
Bidered by you it will be apparent that no un
due privileges are being sought from the City,
nor can any detriment ensue to it from the
grant of the franchise applied for; on the con
trary, as I have shown, the interests of the
< ity, the public and the company will aliKe be
Bubservea and enlarged.
We therefore submit the matter to your dis- j
cretion with full confidence that you will act
in accordance with the true interests oi the
people and the municipality regardless of any
unfounded objections that may be made
through ignorance of the facts and circum- |
stances surrounding the application or that j
may emanate from the malice or prejudice of
the professed enemies of all the quasi-public I
institutions oi this City. Very respectfully
yours, J. L. Wii.lcttt,
Secretary and General Manager. •
Supervisor Dimnnd disclaimed any in
tention of misleading the board in quoting |
from the letter.
Supervisor Hughes maintained that the
City would get 2 percent of the gross earn
ings for the seven years which the fran
chise had yet to run. The idea of any
other company paying $50,000 for the
franchise was übsurd and the talt was
buncombe.
Supervisor Dimond contended that capi
tal was barred out of investment by the
terms prescribed. He said there was a
strong probability tnat a new charter
would Be adopted before the existing j
franchise expired.
On the motion to grant the franchise
the vote stood: •
Ayes— King, Scully, Benjamin, Dimond,
Hughes, Dunker, Morganstern, Spreckels,
Wagner— 9.
Isoes— Hirsch, Taylor, Hobbs— 3.
Supervisor Dimond gave notice that he j
would move for a reconsideration at the '
next regular meeting.
After the result was announced Mr. Di- 1
mond in quiet glee imparted to his friends
that his tactics in casting an affirmative'
vote and deferring rinal passage of the
order for one week had killed the scheme,
as the general law forbids the grant of a
franchise within ninety days before a gen
eral election or seventy days after. He
figured that postponement for one week
would bring tne final action within ninety
days of November 3, and thus render the
erant void.
Later in the session Mr. Dimond's joy
was turned to indignation, for Supervisor
King moved to adjourn until to-nigi<t.
Mr. Dimond made a simple motion to
adjourn, without designating any time.
The motion was put and lost.
Mr. Hughes was willing to adjourn until
2:30 this afternoon, as some of the mem
bers could not be present in the evening.
Supervisor Dimond, with a great deal of
warmth, inquired the reasons for another
session so soon. "Why violate the un
written rule of the board? What is com
ing up? Why are advocates of this early
meeting ashamed to say they pro
pose to consider?"
Supervisor Hobbs declared that there
was a nigger in the woodpile. He said:
"They don't dare to say what is coming
up, but I know what it is."
Supervisor Wagner remarked that there
was a great deal of unfinished business to
consider. He cited the nickel-in-the-slot
and the car-fender orders.
The Supervisors after further discussion
adjourned to meet at 9 o'clock this morn
ing.
Orders were given to notify John I.
Sabin of the telephone company and the
street railway companies of the morning
session to-day.
General Robert A. Friedrich on behalf
of the People's Mutual Telephone Com- !
pany presented a petition signed by 7000 j
citizens requesting that the order grant- '
ing a new telephone franchise be adver- ]
tised at once as required by law. The peti
tion sets f^rth that the company seeking
the franchise is prepared to give the
people cheaper aud better service than
they now have. The petition was re
ferred.
Edward Oliver, secretary of the St
George's Club of San Francisco, petitioned
for a permit to give an athletic tourna
ment, to include boxing contests for a lim
ited number of rounds, on July 27- The |
petition says: "Some of the leading mer
chants and business men of the City are
among our members, ana they will guar- i
antee that everything in conneciion with '
the contests will be conducted in a reapect- I
able manner." Referred to the License |
Committee.
The report of the Municipal Buildines i
Committee, as published in The Call, I
evoked some discussion. The report di
rects Architect Shea to change the plans
for tiie new municipal building so tnat
the driliroom will be in the basement and
the kitchen on the top floor.
A discussion aro-e as to whether the
right to make alterations had been re
served.
Supervisor Taylor (chairman) spoke of j
the necessity of having an entrance from
Merchant street leading to the main floor.
Mr. Benjamin was opposed tc any fur
ther delay or reference* to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. Spreckels understood that two plans j
were submitted by the architect. Only ■
one change, therefore, had been made —
that of placing the drillroom in the base
ment.
Mr. Taylor insisted that a Merchant-
Btreet entrance was important. The en- j
trance from that street now provided in j
the plans only led to the basement.
The report was adopted without an or
der for any change in the plans for the
Merchant-street entrance. Some of the
Supervisors did not seem to understand
what the chairman meant in saying that
the Merchant-street passageway led only
to the basement.
Supervisor Taylor Introduced this reso
lution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the citizens are respectfully
requested to hoist our National emblem on
July 9, 1896, the same being the fiftieth anni
versary of the hoisting of the flag of the
United States in this City, and if practicable
our citizens are respectfully requested to close
their respective places of business on the alter
noon of said day in commemoration of this
event
Supervisor Taylor announced in a speech
supporting the resolution that Captain
Montgomery of the ship Portsmouth took
possession of San Francisco for the United
States fifty years ago.
The order to allow boxing, which passed
the board some time ago and was vetoed
by the Mayor, came up for passage over
the veto. The veto was sustained.
I An order was introduced by supervisor
Dimond and passed to print, providing
regulations to be observed by peddlers of
goods, merchandise and produce in the
public streets. The order is thus pre
ambled:
Wheeeas, Some of the persons obtaining
licences annoy and harass our citizens by per
sistently ringing the bells and knocking at the
doors of residences whereon notices are placed
that no peddlers arc desired; and whereas,
under the guise of peddlers thieves and burg
lars adopt the same tactics and by that means
ascertain the residences from which the occu
pants are temporarily absent, thus enabling
thorn to commit crimes.
Section 1 provides that it shall be unlawful
fora licensed peddler to ring the bells or
knock at the door of any residence whereon
the sign "No Peddlers" is displayed.
Other sections provide how licenses to
peddlers shall be issued. The Auditor is
to provide the License Collector with num
bered badges, and the latter, in addition
to the license, is to charge each peddler 25
cents for the badge. The peddler is not
allowed to lend or give this badge to any
other person. Any peddler who bangs the
door or rings the bell where the sign "No
Peddlers" is displayed may be deemed !
guilty of a misdemeanor and fined $100.-
The orJer which the Merchants' Associ
ation claim will allow the renewal of street |
work by private contracts : was passed, de
spite ttie protest of the engineer of the as
sociation.
That portion of the Street Committee's
report in favor of allowing traffic on
Golden Gate boulevard east of Van Ness
avenue was eliminated from the document
and laid over for one week. The senti
ment in favor of maintaining one boule
vard to the park is said to bo very active. I
The streets will be lighted next Wednes- !
day evening. ' J
♦
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Detailed Report of City
Work Before the Board.
The following is a complete record of
street work, including award?, assess
ments, petitions, protests, resolutions and
recommendations considered by the Board
It is understood that Dimond's motion
to reconsider the Geary-street franchise
vote will be called tip this morning and a
motion then be made to grant the
franchise. '
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
of Supervisors at yesterday's session. j
Every Tuesday The Call presents to • its
readers this report, as the only full review
of City street improvements published:
I . ACCEPTANCES.',
Fell. Ci»y to Cole— Bitumen.. .
Fell, Colu to Mi rader— Bitumen.
Fell, Slirader to Btanyan— Bitumen.
' Laurel, Sacramento to California— Bitumen.
.Webster, Oak to l'a;c- Bitumen.
Fell and cole Intersection— Bitumen.
Fell and Shrader intersection— Bitumen.
' . CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
Market and Noe crossing— men.
Fry, acceptances..
Grove, Fiilmore to Stelner— Basalt.
Jones, Green to Union— Cobbles. -:\
- Sixteenth, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Van Ness avenue, Green to Union— Bitumen.
BECOKMEXDKI) FOR FTTH ACCEPTANCE BY SC
PKKINTKKDKNT OF BTRKKTS.
Grove, Bisker to Lyon- Bitumen. '
Waller and Devisadero — Bitumen.
BKSOI-tJTION OSDKRISO BTBKET 'WORK.
Clayton, Ilalgtat to Waller— Stone sidewalks. 9
feet wide.
Cole, il aight to Waller— Stone sidewalks, 9 feet
wide.
Florida, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth—
sidewalks.
Cole and Waller crossing— Bitumen.
Blgta Jpnrk avenue, 125 north from Thirteenth—
Stone sidewalks.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Stone sidewalks.
Nineteenth, iN'oo to Castro— Flank sidewalks.
nineteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Plank sidewalks.
Jones. Pacific to Jackson— Basalt.
Stouts alley, Washington to Jackson— Bitumen.
Fifteenth, fr-'an Bruno to Kansas— Grade.
Fifteenth.' Kansas to it node Island— Grade.' '
Central avenue, Washington to Jackson-Stone
sidewalks.
Hartford, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Basalt.
HydV, North I'olnt to Beach— Grade.
Hyde, North Point to Bay— Baiali.
Hardy, sixteenth so Seventeenth— Bitumen.
Haig-ht, Shrader to Stanyan— Bltumeu.
Hickory avenue, Buchanan to Webster— Basalt.
Ivy avenue, l,agiinato Buchanan — Bitumen.
Ivy avenue. Buchanan to Webster— Bitumen.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO OBDKR STREET
WORK.
Collingwood. Nineteenth to Twentieth— Basalt.
Chattonoogaand Twenty-second crossing—Bitu
men.
Church, Twenty-second to Twenty-third— Plank
Sidewalks.
Filbert, Hyde to J>aven\vorth— Basalt blocks,
etc.
Filbert, east of Hyde 206 V* feet-Bitumen.
filbert, from Leaven worth to l-'Oti'/j, teet of
Hyde— Cobbles.
Greenwich, Leavenworth to Graded.
■ Thirteenth, sanchez to Noe— sidewalks on
south side.
Van Ness, Oreen to Union— Stone sidewalks.
York, Twenty-lint to Twenty-second— Bitumen. ,
Sacramento, Stockton to Powell— Stone side- ;
walks on south side. -
Green, Polk to Van Ness—Basalt.
Haight and Clayton, norther y crossing— l2-Inch
sewer, 10-lnch sewer, 14-luch sewer, manhole,
stone sidewalks, corners, etc
Halght, Clayton, to bury— lo-inch sower,
manholes, ate.
Ashbury, Waller to Frederick— Stone sidewalks.
NOTICKS OF STKKKT WORK.
Capitol, Sagamore to Sadowa— Grading, etc.
Capitol and Sadowa crossing— Grao ing, etc
Capitol, Sadowa to Broad— Grading, etc
'Sadowa, Capitol to Plymouth— Grading, etc.
Sagamore, Plymouth to Capitol— Grading, etc '
Sagamore and Capitol crossing— Grading, etc.
Prospect and Esmeralda crossing— Grading, 12,
10 and 8 inch sewer, etc.
Proipect, Virginia 10 Ksmeralda— etc.,
! IV-inch pipe sewer.
Prospect, Virginia to Hey man— Grading, etc.,
10-inch sewer.
Prospect and Heyman crossing— Grading, 14,
12 and 10 inch sewers, etc.
Prospect, Kugenla 10 Heyman— Grading, etc.,
inch sewer, etc.
Kugenia and Prospect avenues— Grading, etc
12 and 10 inch sewers, etc., granite curbs.
Prospect, Kugenia to Grading, etc., 8-
Inch sewer.
Prospect and Lizzie avenues, crossing— Grading,
etc., 8-inch sewer.
Prospect, Lizzie to Corlland— Grading, etc., 8-
Inch sewer, etc.
Waller, Masonic to De 10-inch sewer.
Elizabeth, Noe to Castro, south side— Scone side
walks.
Elizabeth, Noe to Sanchez— Stone sidewalks.
: Twenty-first, Dolores to Church— Stone side
walks.
Twenty-second, Church to Chattanooga— Plank
sidewalks.
Chun h, Twenty to Twenty-second— Plank
sidewalks.
SPECIAL PERMITS.
A street to Ninth avenue— J. G. Conroy to grade.
Lily avenue, to Octavla— Property-owners
to pave with bitumen.
■ Van Ness extension— United States Government
to erect flight of steps so Fort Mason. j
OBJECTIONS TO BTRKET WORK.
Octavle, Jnck.ton to Broadway— Property-owners'
protest denied.
. STREET SWEEPING, ETC
City Street Improvement Co.— Request©! to con
tinue work on and from July 1, under terms of
present contract.
STREETS CLOSED. .
Stalioa, Slitter and Post, Hyde and Xarkln.
Treat avenue, Harrison aud Folsom, Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. ■-...•■•>.. • ■ . •■ ■
Bay View Tract, Thirty-third avenue south,
Railroad avenue to the bay; City Engineer to ex
amine and report-
Dt-tten place, Howard and Folsom, Spear and
Main.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME 0 BANTED. .-.
Twenty-second, Mississippi to Pennsylvania- ;
Grading, 120 days
Twenty-second, Pennsylvania to Indiana—
ing, 120 days.
Mariposa, Pennsylvania to Indiana— Grading, :
120 days.
*aker, Beach toTonquin— Grading, 90 days.
Tonquin, Broderiok, to Baker— Grading, etc., 90
days.
Thirteenth and Clement— Sewer, etc., 60 days.
Hayes and Scott crossing— Paving, etc., 60 days.
X south, Fifteenth to Nineteenth avenues south
—Grading, etc, 90 days.
Across Presidio Reservation — Sewer, 90 days. -
Scott, Fulton to Grove— Paving, etc., 60 days.
Scatt, Hayes to Grove— Paving, etc.. 60 days.
Scott and Grove intersection— Paving, etc.. 60
days
Prospect avenue, Coso to Esmeralda— Grading,
60 days.
GRADES.
First avenue and S. Clay— Raise 4.78 feet.
First avenue and N. Clay— Raise 7.78 feet.
First avenue and S. Washington— Raise 13.32
feet.
First avenue and N. Washington— Ralsa 16.32
feet.
First avenue and S. Jackson— Lower 3.14 feet
Firs', avenue and N. Jackson— Lower .14 feet.
. First avenue and Reservation— To establish at
274 feet. •
RECOMMENDED BY BOARD OF HEALTH.
California and Central avenue — outlet.
Duncan, Sanchez to Noe— sewer.
Haight, Shrader to Stanyan— Sewer,
KECOMMBXOTD BT THE MAYOR.
Potrero Nuevo, block 6— City Surveyor to make '
correct survey. - ;
EXTENSIONS RECOUKENDED BY SUPERINTEND
ENT OF STREETS.
Hampshire, Fifteenth 10 Sixteenth— 6o days to
John Kelso on grading contract.
Alameda, Potrero 10 York— days to property
owners on grading, etc
.-even avenue. Point Lobos to B— 3o days to
JlcliUKti <fc shi'erln on grading, etc.
Scott and Hayes crossing— 3o days to Flinn «fe
Treacy on paving, etc. ■
• Waller, Devisadero to Broderlck— 3o days to
Flinn <Sc Trracy on stone sidewalks, etc.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED BY SUPERIN
TENDENT OK STREETS. .
Devlsadero, Haight to Waller— Bitumen.
Franklin, Green to Union— Bitumen.
Franklin, Union to Filbert— Bitumen.
Franklin, Filbert to Greenwich— Bitumen.
.Franklin, Greenwich to Lombard— Bitumen.
Thirteenth, Folsom to Harrison— l2-Inch sewer,
etc ■ ■ ' : - ■
• Greenwich, Broderlck to Baker— Bitumen.
Lombard, Van Ness avenue to Polk— Basalt.
Van Ness avenue, Vallejo to Green, east side
Stone sldewalKs.
Van Ness avenue and Green, northeast and'
southeast corners— sidewalks.
Lake, First and Second avenues— Bitumen.
Second avenue, California to Lake— Bitumen.
Second avenue and Lake, crossing— Bitumen.
Second avenue, California to Clement — Bitumen.
Second avenue, Clement to Point Lobos—
Bitumen.
Thirteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Stona sidewalks.
SIDEWALK BEDOCTION.
Dore, Harrison to Bryant— Establishing width
at ten feet, passed to print.
AWARDS OF CONTBACTS.
Thirteenth avenue south, L to M south—Grad
ing '^9 cents, roadway macadam 3 cents.'plank
sidewalks 65 c«n:s, sewer 80 cents, curb 16 cenu,
corner $ SO; John Kelso,
Eddy, Uevlsailero to Broderick— Basalt leys
cenis, curb 60 cents, City Street Improvement
Company.
1 Fifteenth, Guerrero to Dolores—Bitumen 1714
cents, enrb 78 cents, i'aciflc Paving Company.
Market, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen 17y a
cents, curb 76 cents. Pacific Pavlnf Company.
Market. Valencia to Church— Bitumen 19%
cents, curb 75 cents, aan Francisco Paving Com
pany.
Market and Churcb, crossing— Bitumen 19 cents,
Fllnn * Treaey.
l'rescott, southerly from Vallejo-Sewer, etc.,
9 1 73, water inlet f 57, manhole $33. D. O'ConDor.
Gough, Filbert to Greenwich— Bitumen 17^
cents, curb 76 cents. Pacific Paving Company.
Fifth and Harrison, south corner— Sidewalk $49,
Flinn <fe 1 reacy.
Twenty-second and Chattanooga— Corners each
$25, Flliiu <fe Treaey.
Union and Taylor— Stone sidewalk 13V4 cents,
Gray Bros.
LOWKBT BIDS.
Central avenue, Halght to Waller— Sewer 67
cents, manhole each $V 9 85, Williams, Belser &.
Co.
I'ierce, Golden Gate avenue to Turk, west side-
Sidewalks 11 rents, Flinn & Treaey.
Pierce, kiddy to Kills, west side— stone sidewalks
10 cents, curb $1, Gray Bros.
Freelon, Fourth 10 Fifth— Bitumen sidewalks
71/2 cents, Pacific Paving Company.
Howard, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Stone side
walks 13 cents, Flint) A Treaey.
Fiilmore, Broadway 10 Vallejo— Paving 13 cents,
gutterways U3 cents, sewer ]0 cents, curb 70
cents, Fiinn <fe Trea-y.
M street south. Ninth to Tenth avenue* south—
Qrtide 14% cents, raaonlnm roadway 'IVf cents,
sidewalks - cents, curb 15 cents, M. C. Ilo^uu.
1 ranuan, Fourth to Fifth— Bitumen sidewalks,
7Vij cents, P»rltic Paving Company.
BID REFERRED TO SDPEBINTENDENTOF STREETS.
First avenue and Clement— Sewer, etc.
Bill REJECTED.
B, Sixth to Seventh avenues—
-; BID BEADVERTIHKD. ' :
Montgomery avenue. Bay to Kor;h Point—Grad
ing, etc.
BIDS TO BE OPENED JITtY H.
Guerrero, Army to Twenty-seventh— Plank: stde
wa ks. . .
Polk, Cedar avenue to Geary— Sidewalks. '
Hermann, Lagnna to Market— Sewer. ••'.' V
Cole, Frederick to Carl— Mne- foot sidewalks. 
Pacific and Hyde, NW corner— Sidewalk.
Sheridan and Ninth, JS W corner— >idewallcs. 1
Webster, Goldun Gme avenue to Me a ill.it er, E |
side— sidewalk i.
i Golden Gat. avenue, Fiilmore to Stelner, N
side— Sidewalks.
FlUmore, Golden Gate avenue to Turk, W side—
Sidewalks.
Golden Gate avenue, Webster to Fltliuore, I?
side— Sidewalks.
Clayton, Waller to Frederick— Nine-foot side
walks.
Komaine, Corbett avenue to Douglass— Grade,
raaendam, etc.
Cole, Waller to Frederick— Nine-foot sidewalks.
Baker, lonquin to Lewis— Hank sidewalks, mac
adam, etc. .
Lyon, Jackson to Pacific avenue— Sidewalks.
AUSKHSMKNTS WAITINO IKE MAYOR'S SIGNATURE.
Wood, Point Lobos to St. Hose's— Sew r.
Clement and filth avenue, crossing— Cesspools,
etc. , ':>■.?-=•>'-
Clay and Scott, NE corner— Sidewalk. '
Seventh avenue, Ito J street— Macadam, etc. ' ' '
Baker, Clay to Washington— Bitumen.
Sixteenth, York to Potrero avenue— Grading.
Vau .Ness avenue. Union to Ureen— Bitumen.
Lacuna, Lombard to Chestnut — Grading.
Seventeenth and Vermont, crossing — etc.
ASSESSMENTS SIOKED BY THE MA YOU. '
Green and Gough, SW corner— sidewalks. >
PaciUo avenue and Walnut, crossing— Macadam.
Alarlposti, Pennsylvania to Mississippi—
M sireet south and Fifteenth avenue south —
Sewer.
Bryant, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Sewer.
P street south, Tenth to Eleventh avenue
south— Grading.
Clay, Stelner to Scott— Sidewalks.
Grove, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen. ,'•-■'-
ASSESSMENTS BEINQ MADE OUT.
Walnut, Sacramento to Clay— Bitumen.
Cherry, Sacramento to Clay—Bitumen.
.Willow avenue, Gough to Octavi*— Bitumen.
Kigtueenth aud Connecticut, crossing — Mac
adam, eta 1 . ,1 v .
Green and Laguna, NE and NW corners—
Sidewalks.
Van Ness avenue, Union to Bitumen.
Jones, cai'stnut to Montgomery. avenue—
ing.
ASSESSMENT SET ABIDE.
Laurel, Sacramento to Clay— For live-foot plank
sidewalk. Superintendent Of Streets to make
isme of new assessment.
APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT.
Sanchez, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Bitumen;
denied.
APPEALS FROM ABBEKSM REFERRED TO
STREET COMMITTEE.
Fourteenth and South. Broderlck— McHugh
Sheerin, from cost of macadamizing.
Market and Noe crossing— Property -owners from
cost of paving.
Market. .n 00 to Caatro— D. Laird from cost of
paving, etc.
Polk and Greenwich— Property -owner* from cost
of sidewalks and sewer.
PETITIONS RKKKKRBD TO STRKST COMMITTEE.
Brannan, Ninth to Tenth-
New Channel, Ninth to Tenth-Paving, sixty
days' extension, from California Paving Com-
I pany. • - .
Sanchez, Twentieth to Liberty— Assignee of J. W.
Smith, lbU days' extension on grading.
Liberty and Sanchez— Assignee of N. Currier,
180 days' extension on .in,'.
Union, Mason to Taylor— Jirs. A. Hoage, plank
sidewalk.
Potrero avenue and Utah— Charles Canney for
car track for purpose of grading. .
M south, Ninth to Tenth— Property -owners for
reject, ou of all bids for grading. *
Kighleeuth avenue south— J. Lafourgnette for
six months' stay in grading.
Sanchez. Army to Twenty-ninth— P. Tobln for
6-;oot slilrwiilu.
Dolores, Twenty-fifth to Army— Property-owners
to lay 8-foot stone sidewalk.
People's Mutual Telephone— citizens for
cheaper telephone service.
Broderlck. o'Farrell to Eddy— Property-owners
for good sidewalk
Corbetl avenue and Danvers and Battle— Prop
erty-owners that work conform to the- curbs.
Jessie and Fourth— Sidewalk.
Lombard and Scott— l roperty-owners for recon
sideration of action on paving. .
Lombard and Eevlsadero— Property-owners for
rehearing of protest agains- paving.
Van Ness avenue, Market to Turk—Property
owners for exemption from boulevard order.
Fourth, Market to Townsfiid — Fourth-street Im
provement Club for better pavement.
Klizabeth, Noe 10 Sanchez— Frank Caffrey to lay
6-fooi stone sidewalk. 
Army, 93b— Krliz Iloettger for six months' ex
tension, stone sidewalk.
Mission block ■ 47— 8. F. Morrow that Treat
avenue be taken from the map.
Twelfth avenue, Point Lobos to A— Mrs. Hanson
for sewn.
Guerrero and Army— Property-owners for lower
ing of car tracks.
PETITION REFERRED TO THB FINANCE ' COM
xf ,-_; MITTEE. .-..,'-.
' Jackson Park*— Property-owners for 10,000 to
make improvements. ,. . .. .;. ; ':.;  ■ .
. PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Sanchez, Twenty-ninth to Army—Property-own
ers against park sidewalks. ■
Elizabeth, Noe to Castro — Property-owners
against one sidewalks.
Cole and-Haigni, northeast and northwest cor
ners— V. C. Baird aeainst stone sidewalks. -
Haight, Cole to Clayton — Property-owners
I against ■ -wrr. ■ ......
ilaigbt, Miuionlc to Ashbory— Property-owners
I against sewer. . -f
Ross alley, Washington to Jackson—Property
owners igaiiMt paving.
Pierce, .. llnUht 10 Waller — Property owners
against paving. '
Lombard, Gough to eta via— Property-owners
against paving. ■ '
Chattanooga, Twenty -fourth to Jersey—Property
owners against plank sidewalks.
Ka'.-utnore. Plymouth to Capitol—Property-own
ers against grading, etc.
Twenty-third. Castro to Douglass—Property-own
ers against plank sidewalks. : . : . ;',-„
Street Committee Report.
Berry, Sixth to Seventh— Proposals for paving,
etc., laid over for two weeks.
Corbett and Ashbury— ln favor of requesting
the City Engineer to report If corner Is properly
placed. '
Bay View Tract— Petition for illumination of
streets recommended for referring to City En
gineer.
Market, opposite the Emporium— ln favor of pe
tition to pave. . - ■ . . *• - . :
Julian avenue, Flf.eenth to Sixteenth— ln favor j
of brick sewer. • , '
Julian avenue and Sixteenth— ln favor of sewer
connection.
Man yon, Hayes to Fell— ln favor of stopping
work for sixty days.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED STOPPED ' FOB
■ SIX MONTHS.
I, Twelfth to Thirteenth avenue— Grading.
I and Thirteenth avenue crossing—
- Dolores, Twenty-fourth to ■ Twenty -fifth— Plank
sidewalks.
Cortland, Mission to Andover — Plank side
walks.
Jersey, Dolores to Church— Plank sidewalks.
Twenty-fifth, Guerrero to Church— Plank aide
walks. ■■ . ■
Twenty-third, Castro to Diamond— Plank side
walks.
Eighteenth and Church, — Paving. '■
Church, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Curbing.
Dolores, Twenty-fourth . to Army— Plank side
walk. ,-. . ■ ....
. *■' PETITIONS REPORTED FAVORABLY.
. Geary, 1809— To construct sidewalk.
Jackson and Front— Plank sidewalk. '• -.'•■■■
Greenwich, Plank sidewalk. _;< .
Twenty-second, Fair Oaks to Dolores — Stone
Sidewalks, nine feet wide.
Wetmore place, Clay to Washington — Plank
roadway. ' ; ' •
Jackson and Laguna— Nine-foot stone sidewaijc
Scott, Fell to oak, east side— Fifteen days' ex
tension to lay sidewalk. r .■■•'■■ -.' '■
Serpentine road and Serpentine Sewering
and re paving, to superintendent of Streets to
recommend. • - - • . j
Seventeenth,' Castro to Douglass— Stone side
walks, and referring to Superintendent of Streets
to recommend. • \ ■
PETITIONS REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Julian avenue. Fifteenth to Sixteenth— To re
tain artificial stone curbs. - ; . •
: Seventeenth, 125 oast of Eureka— side
walk 6 feet wide. .
Page, Broderlck to Baker— To retain plank side
walk. :• - ■ - ' . -..■.. ■.-.■.■.
Guerrero, Thirteenth to . Fourteenth— H. G.
Vaughn to rave by private contract.
 PROTESTS BKPOBTEU ADVERSELY.
Central avenue, Hftight to Waller— Sewer.
Hough. Filbert to Greenwich— paving.
Van Ness, Green to Union— Stone sidewalks.
' placed ON filk
Clipper, Diamond to Douglass— Petition for ex
amination of work done. .
BARRED FOB BIX MONTHS.
Lombard, Van Ness to Pierce— Paving.
* Klcbteenth, Dolores to Sanchez— Paving.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Paving.
Lombard and crossings, from Franklin to
Pierce— Recommended to 'be postponed for six
months. . . .
NEW TO-I>AT.'
ATTENTION. ;
V7k CENTS
Per square ; foot ' (no discrimination) Is what ■ you
can net. your street paved with BITUMINOUS
BOCK for by the .. ,
PACIFIC PAVING COMPANY.
Office 103 and 108Pbelan Building.
Call on us or send your address and - our ■ repre-
sentative will call 011 you. Telephone Main 656.
DAD COMPOSITION AND
LIJLH! GRAVEL ROOFING.
l'arafline Paint Co., 119 Battery Street, '-j
J NEW TO-SAT.
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
. Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DUTABD 12 J. W. JMcnnXALD, Pres
('. B. STOMJ 2 ■ ■ W. E. DENNTSON, Sec.
T. B. BISHOP (•« COL. J. It. MEXDEUU
J.W. MCDONALD I C Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
W. K. DBBKISOHj 5 (Ketired),
Consulting KSGISKKB.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, Cal., All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges and
King City,- Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
I» I I « r V M I V IX' Wharves. Jetties and
iillljllVli 311:1 LX Seawalls.
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Before purchasing. Property which does not
have a perfect title Is a bad Investment. A
policy of insurance in tho -
CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE
AM) TRUST COMPANY--;.-.- .
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE,
j ' And secures the purchaser against ail loss
and damages incident to record defects.
1 he Company lias a paid up cash capital ot
¥'J50,0U0 and** cash reserve fund of $25,000.
Abstracts Made for the Use of Attorneys.
MONEY LOANED on real eatato at' cur
rent rates.
Tbls Company has the best abstract pla*
west of the Rocky. Mountains.
OFFICE— RUILDINO-
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Work.
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOR
j Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
■ Telephone Main 5111.
C. K. EAGER, ' E. P. GRAY
.President. Secretary.
California 7
Construction
Company,
CONTRACTORS FOR
Street Work, Railroads, Teaming,
Macadam and Concrete Rock.
Granite Curbing, Cement, Gravel, Etc.
Office— 4oi -Seventeenth Street. Barns— s33 and
535 Seventeenth Street. Telephone Mission 188.
President and Secretary's Office— 069 Market
Street, Itoom 12. - Telephone Main 6780.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING.
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD • >
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
JTa!n 991.
STABLE, 6TEI.MK A.KB WALLER STS.,
Telephone West 14.
WARREN & MAULEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. f AYTP ITTAKV
Telephone, Main 1202. l/Vil 1 llAvl Ull.\
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 16L .
I Bay and Laguna Su.
Telephone, West 789.
San Kruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells. _.
ICUSHING-WETMGRE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST., ROOM 9.
JOHN TUTTLE,
OONTRAOTOH,
Telephone West 583. 916 Haight St
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Paints, Varnishes, Nevada Compound, «tc
23 SPEAR ST. Telephone 5320.
D £ D BUILDINC
Ti « Pi PAPER. . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
PACIFIC REFINING AND ROOFING CO.
153 CROCKER BUILDING.
Coal Tar, Asphalt, Roofing and Paving
Pitch, Roof Faints, Roofing Felt.
Felt, Pitch and Gravel Hoofs as put on by us are
the standard roof* for. business buildings In the
most progressive cities of the Eastern States. The
quality of our work Is unexcelled anywhere.
" ~
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BKALK STREET.
TKUiPHONE 1752.
CHARLES M DEPEW
■PLANING MILL COMPANY.
GENERAL MILL WORK,' SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK,
Planing, Sizing and Res^wingr.
OFFICE A.ND FACTORY, : ; .
229-233 8.-rrv Si , Bet. 4 h ?nd sth.
Box. 19, Guilders' Exchange, S. w,
JOHN E. MILLAR. : THOS. B. SIMPSON.
SIMPSON & MILLAR, Searchers
MiTII iMM OC MILL 111, ofß,eoords
Branch Office, NW. cor. McAllister and Larktn.
T , 535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone 1932. :,. \ - -. han Francisco '
"' ~ I
nor pDnnriMfi 6LADDiNG < McBEAN&c Q
r Inb r iiUUr !iIU mm -mo market sr.
DffIJAU Bl?|f»|/ GLADDING, McBCANSCQ.
nUiflHll Blilbn use -1360 market st.
Ij^Sob MANHOOD BESTOREDS=
Bf^'-Jfl^P ,-. T ■■■■"■•■**WM IllaV I VHl»l#Vitalizer,theprescrip-
Fr '<*? f^T WSm 25? i€? tioa 01 a famous French Dhysiclan, will quickly cure yon of all ner-
\<\ /,\]ir -si • Tons or diseases of the generative orsant, such as Lost Manhood,'
N. * ££&] \+ *&&}} Insomnla,l'alns In the Buck, Seminal JS missions. Nervous Debility.'
I tr*s> \ *&& Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicoople and
N^ r V' -/ Constipation. It nil losses by day or night. Prevents quick.
. .>,./ Xky -. .. r>€93 of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea ar.el
BEFORE unirrrQ all the horrors of. Xnapotency. tTPIDEHE cleanses the liver, the
BlrJNl * wo Hr 'fc X kkltie^s and the urinary organs of all impurities.
. CUPIDKNE strengthens end restores small weak organs. ■.-.-. . :■ ,
• The reason sufTercr". are not cuted by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
E*rontati 1 1*. C DPI DENE is the only knoJ'T remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 tost lmont
hU. A written Kunrante" given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cnra
|JLOQ ft box, six for $&00, by mall, . Send for fbek circular and testimonials. • * - -■, ,
Addiesa DAY OX* MIiDICLNiS CO.V 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sals by
; • JtsiiOOliS' ±'JiAJtUi.A<, v, 118 Fgweu street. V
NEW TO-DAY.
oicToß swea"ny
That this noted specialist stands pre-
eminently at the head of the medical pro-
fession is no longer a question of doubt.
That.he has investigated farther '- into the
mysteries of life and penetrated deeper
the secrets of disease, than his quite
worthy but less successful associates, is
now acknowledged by all. His experi-
ence is lifelong, and h.s record right here
in San Francisco, at 737 Market street, is
simply
A Series of Professional
Triumphs.
There are thousands upon thousands in
this land to-day who are praising bis
name, because he has made their lives
happy and brought sunshine into their
homes. The following are among the
diseases he cures: "
lll\TW Inflammation of, Bright's disease,
nil"J£il>\ diabetes, congestion of the .kid-
neys, uncmia, gravel, stone.
Rl thM'P Inflammation, cystitis, cyster-
l)L:U/17L!l. rhea, catarrh of the bladder.
V\V All cases of acute or chronic inflamma-
li I ii. tion, far or near sightedness, dimness
of vision, scrofulous eye, closing of the eye-
duct, squinting, cross-eyed, wild hairs,
syphilitic sore eyes, granulated lids, , tumor,
cancer of the lids, etc
pin Deafness from catarrh, singing or roar-
lilil, ing noises, thickened drum, inflamma-
tion of external ear, purulent discharging
from ear, etc.
lIP 111 Neuralgia, sick, nervous or conges-
Hii.'llF. tive headache, dull, full feeling, loss
of memory, dizziness, softening of the brain,
tumors and -eczema of the scalp.
Till' ft \T Catarrhal sore throat, acute and
1 HmF.-l 1 . chronic pharyngitis, enlarged ton-
sils and palate, hoarseness, loss of voice, thick
phlegm in throat, causing hawking.
I I|V(' Consumption in the first and second
LLHW. stages, hemorrhages and chronic
bronchitis, dry and loose coughs, pains in
cheat, difficulty in breathing, hepatizatlons,
asthma, etc. • . .zr.-y ;
lirU ) T Valvular diseases, weak and fatty
liL.iai. heart.'dropsy and rheumatism of
heart, languid circulation, etc.
Catarrh, ulceration and acid
tMUlTlill'lli dyspepsia, indigestion, pain and
fullness after eating, heartburn, water brash
and difficulty in swallowing.
I IYVV Cl>l VVIS All diseases of the liver,
lijlLll, m LijL.l. spleen, bowels, all nerv-
ous and reflex disorders, rheumatism and
all skin diseases, eczema, salt rheum, ring-
worm, hip-joint disease, old sores, fever sores,
stiff jolni, hare lip, spinal irritation, nervous
prostration.
Df'pTfTnn Piles, fistula, varicocc-le, hydro-
illl ILUL. ceie and all swelling and ten-
derness quickly cured without paiu or deten-
tion from business.
YAlllif 1 MM ' il you are troubled with
IV I; 11 If 111 11, vital ' losses. exhaus: <ng
drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to soci-
ety, gtupidiiess, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-con fide nee, which de-
prive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
fit you for study, business or marriage — if you
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get well
and be a man.
MIDDLE-AGED AM OLD MEN, SsanTs
of you troubled with weak, aching backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; impotency or weakness of
1 sexual organs, arid other unmistakable signs
•of nervous debility and premature decay.
: Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
PRIIMTP diseases — Gleet. Inflammations,
I Hit til Ei Discharges, Strictures, Weakness
of Organs, Hydrocele. Varicocele and kindred
[ iroub e« quickly cured without pain and deten-
tion from business.
BLOOD km m\ I)lseases >' Sores > s s ots .
I»LUIW A II If oHli Pimples, Scrofula,
Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema and
other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
icated, leaving the system in a strong, pure
and healthful state. 4
DISEASES OF nVJlEill. ing -from any of
the diseases peculiar to your sex, such as tail-
ing or displacement of the womb, leucorrhea,
suppressed or painful menstruation, inflam-
mation or ulceration, bloating, headaches,
spinal weakness or any disease of the genito-
urinary organs, call or write to him and he
will tell you just what can be done for you.
FREE TREATMENT JSTpX^S^X
Friday afternoons.
WRITS' your troubles if living away from the |
II 111 ICi city. Thousands cured at home by |
correspondence, and medicines "sent secure
from observation. A book of important in-
formation sent free to those describing their
troubles.
OFFICE HOURS: 9 till 13 a. m. and 2 till 5
and 7 till 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 till 12 only.
Address
F I QWPIINY MII "737 Market St.;
T. L. OWLHIII, HI. U., San Francisco, Cal.
THESUCCiSS OF THE
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
—OV THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT . ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
' Expert Cycle Repairing ?
FOB THE TRADE A SPECIAtTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., 8 F.
•op m IB en A laxative refreshing tot
TAMIIB fruit lozenge,
Ihm h n veryjjxeea^tota^
_ ■ _ ' hemorrhoids, bile,
Hi! A fl f" II loss of appetite, gastric ant
IMI| HP la intestinal troubles and
I I* ■* I %■ ■ ■ headache arising
: :• - ' from them. ::_
nnu 1 au E - orillon,
BBILLuH 33 Kne dei Archives, P»ri»
l3P.BlliwLim» Sold by «1» DrnxgUu.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
V.' law and Notary Public, 633 Market at, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Kesldeooe ltJiJ
•fcelist. Telephone Tina" aaai.
RAIZ.RO AW TRAVEL!
big REDUCTION RATES by RAIL
....T0....
THURSDAY...-:.. . .-. ;~. . hi . . . ". ...JULY 2,
And Kvery Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co. Ferry landing, foot ,
of Market St., at 8 p. x.
A m ft— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
&U.UU Ist Sleeper.
. ....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth in Cjl f\.O9
PnllmanStandard Sleeper.' v I \J — •
SPECIAL NOTICE
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pai-
! eengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets Da
| sold or baggage checked to such points.
£&• Through Tickets fur Pugefi Sound
l>oint« on Sale at Reduced Kate*.
For further Information anply at ■
.. 613 MARKET STKKKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
1 RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic ATgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NOUTIIKRX lUt'iriV COXPAMI.
(PACIFIO pnzMc.) {
Train* leave am! »i-o due to nrrlv« at
■AH I'KANdsrO.
leave' — "From June 7. 1836. — ~ armvi
'•6:<MU Niles, San Jose and Way Stations . . . 8:45 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express. Ogilcu and Kast.. »-43»
- 7:00 a Benicia, VacaviUe, Rumsey, Sacra^ :
raoDto, OroTiUo and Redding via
Davis 0:45p
7:0Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa R05a...., 6:13r
• ::»<> A Nile*. Sim Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Mary3Tillo and IJe<J
Bind. * 4:15p
•9:30 v Peters and Milton «7:13p
9:00 a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4i43*
S:00a Martinez and Stockton 11:13 a
«:OOa Vallejo O:l»l-
-l:OOp Miles, San Jnseand LlTermore. ..... ' 8:45.\
*t:OOr Sacramento lUv«r Steamers »O:00p
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:4»*
4:ooi* Martinez, Man llamoii, Vallejo,
Kapa, Caliatoea, Xl Verano vaC
Santa Rosa 9:13 a
«iOOp Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Maosvil!^
Ororille and .Sacramento 10:43 a
4iSOp Miles, Han Jose, LiTermore and
Stockton 7113p
4:SOp Merced, lierenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno ..;.... 11:43 a
SiOOp New Orleans llxpresa, l'r«suo,Baker&o
(M. .Santa r..irljar:i, Angele^
BemiiiK, Xl l'aso. New Orleans and
Sast.... ltildA
S:00p Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for MojaTe aud East. IC:l5a
5:OOp Vallojo 11i4Sa
fl»O«»f Kuropean Ma.l, Og»leu and East.... 9:45 a
«:<><> i> IluywardM, N'.U'gand Sau Jose 7:43 a
}7:00r Vallejo t~ : *3F
7:00r Oregon KxpreßS, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Itoildins, Portland, Tugct
■Sound and Kant 10:45 a
" SANTA V\WA MVISSOM (Narrow (riauite;."~*
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations \Bt99r
• s!sa Newark, Ccntemlle.Kan.lose.Felton,
Moulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Station*. .V. Bi3«p
•*il3p Newark, Ce'.iterTJlla, San Jose, Now
Ahnaden, Felton, ltouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «11j««a
|l:13p Newark. San .Inso and l.oa (1at0g.... JJO»SOa
COAST VISION (Tlilnl A T<mthscihl Sts.)
*8:43 a San JOM and Way Stations (New
' Almaucn Wednesdays only) « 0:47 a
J7i39a Sunday Esciirsion for San Jost^
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations :35p
»:ISa San -I'"", Tres Finos, Kanta Cnia,
J"acilic drove, Paso Itublcß, >Sa«
. J.uis Oliiapo, Guadalnpo and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7»03p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations ....... fl tBop
lOi4Oa San Josh and Way SUtions 5:00p
lli3oa Pain Alto and Way Ktatiaus S:3Op
*2;3<»r Sau Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jos*
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, .Santa Criu,
Balinas,Monterey and I'acillcGroTe *IQi4oa
•8::iOp San .lone, Pacific GroTO and Way
Station* *l;30r
•4s3Oi> San Jose and Way Stations •»:Uoa
3:110 c Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations *B:4Ha '
«:::<»!• San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 6::i.l\
Hl:4sp Han Jose and "Way Stations v7:43p
KAN IiKANUItO AMI HAFWAUD.S LIM:AL.
»"C:OOa"J ( 7il3a
8:00 a 1 i9:43a
iS.ooa I »cl I rose,Semlßir y Park, 5?H3a
'»:»« p FlteW)«rß:,S«Le»mdro \t\\^
3:00p ■«■* i J 4:t3f
4:00p ' * »:43p
I>:OOp HllrTTlU . di . •:l.">i 1
7:O0p j " »:45r
9:QOp ' Rons through to Niles. I 10-3 Or
M l l :l»p ) * l? rom eg - l,m»:OO>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
From SIR FRANCISCO— Foot of liirket Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 9;00 11:00 a.m. tl:flO *2:00 J3:M
•4:03 v IS:CO •6:00p.h.
rromOilLlHD— ?oct or Broad irij.— -c : 00 8:00
10:004.M. tl3cCo *l:00 tt.OQ *3:00 ti:08
"3:O0l-.M. ' ' .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays eicepted. t Saturdays only
X Sundays only.
-ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
jj Saturday* find Sundays for Panta Crar.
SMFRMCISCO & NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.*.: 13-8*
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— trls
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 '
and 11:30 p. v.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 P. 11.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:10, 11:10 a it-
-12:46, 3:40, 6:10 p.m. Saturdays-Extra trlpj
at 1:56 P. m. and 6:35 P. m. w
SUNDAYS— 7:3B, 9:35, 11:10 A. if.; 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00, 6:25 r. M.
Between San Frsnclsco and Schuetzen Park gam*
schedule as above.
•Leave* Ineffaet Arrive
San Francisca ]?£"& s * n F ™nc»»oo.
; Days. | days. ">»»imtlon. DAYB^ ] Da y^
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40~am
3:30 I'M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am • Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
Geysarvllle,
3:30 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:80 pm 6:15 pm
~~ ■. - Pieta, ~ : ~~
7:Soam Hopland <& 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am i ~j j 1 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneviile. i 7:30
S:3opm j I 1 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 PM 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm I 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3O AM s - ha . tono nibT4o"AM 1 10 AM
3:3opM|s:oOpm! !:>eo astopol. | 6:05 pm| 6:15
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Murk West
Springs: m GeyservUle for Skajtn Springs; at
C'lovprdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Spring, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and l.akeport; at
Hopland for Lukeport and Bartiett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy springs. Saratoga Springs. Bltn
Lakes, Laurel Cell Lake, Upper Lane. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley'9, Buck-
nell's,- sanhedrln Heights. HuUville, Booncvilla,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Wsstport, Usal, Wlllets,' Canto, Co-
Telo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. *
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlcps, 650 Market St., Chronicle bulldln*
H, C. WHITING. B. X. RYAN,
(Jen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ascent.
Atlantic
Pacif ic
RAILROAD %^iP^iiil§l
Trains leave from and arrl <k\SNs r 6i.'^ *?*£j
at Market-Street. Ferry. eHf^fS^^L\Tn
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying PnUmaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and SU Louis.
The PODniur saaTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourlat
■leepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination. <- , -
The best railway from California to the Eiub
New rails, new ties; no dust: I Interesting scenery]
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— Market Street;
■ . ■ .. ~: - ■ Chronicle Bntldlnc«
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
'■■■"- (Via Sansallto Ferry). -
- From Ban Francisco, i'omin<-iir:ing June 15, 1891
- WEEKDAYS.
For : Mill Valley and Ban Rafael- 7:00, •S'OO
•9:1& 10:16, 11:45. a. Jt:*l:4s, 3:20, 15.
6:15, *o:00, o :35 p.m. . - " -». •■**
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne*
■ aaysand Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. .
Sundays.
For Mill ; Valley and San ' Rafael— *B:oo. »9 -00
*10:00. 11:30 a. m.;«*IJ:3J. -1 :30, *2:1 B. •iO&
6:80, 6:45, 8:30 p. m. Extra trip to Samaiitoat
11:00 a. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentln. •«12 < 3O
. F. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
• THROUGH TRAINS.
For point Reyes ana way iun»— 8:00 a. m.
Saturdays; 9 a.m. Sun 1»-.-bj 5:16 p. m. weekdayT
: or Point Bey Cazadero and way station*^ B
6:00 A. M. Sundays: 1:45 p. « u-xekii^v. ' •
910
GEORGE BARRON
IN COURT AGAIN,
Act Passed for the Fair
Contestants Relied
Upon.
TO ATTACK THE TRUST.
Edward Barron's Sanity and His
Wife's Influence to Be
Inquired Into.
THE LAW OF PERPETUITY.
Plaintiff's Attorneys Claim the Trust
Is Invalid According to Cali
fornia Law.
George E. Barron has made another
move to obtain what he considers his just
share of his father's millions. Tne action,
which was commenced in this City yester
day, is in the form of a suit to quiet title,
and in its determination will call for a
recital of the courtship and marriage of
the fair Irish widow and the prosperous
butcher, which occupied the attention of
the Superior Court of Santa Clara County
for several weeßs.
The action which was brought then was
for the revocation of the will on tne
grounds that Edward Barron was of un- I
sound mind ana was under undue infiu- I
ence. After a most sensational trial,
which received large attention from Hie
press of the entire state and in which the
niost eminent counsel in the State were
engagea, a jury rendered a verdict for the
plaintiff.
The defendants, whose chief champions
were John Garber of this City and B. F.
Leib of San Jose, made a motion for a new
trial. Delmas & shortridge, who had con
ducted the case for tlie plaintiff, made a
vigorous opposition to the motion, but lhe
two Judges of the county sitting in bank
entertained some doubt as to tiie correct
ness of some of their previous rulings, aud
they allowed the motion. The case is now
pending in Santa Clara County, but with
no immediate prospect of trial.
At the time tde suit was brought in
Santa Clara County an action resisting the
probate of the will was the only one under
which the slighted son could hope for re
lief from its provisions. Since then the
Legislature has convened and Governor
Budd has approved an act making it pos
sible to attack in a collateral proceeding
tUe validity of a trust or bequest expressed
in a will. This is the act passed primarily
for the benetit of some of the Fair con
testants, and the approval of which lias
brought some criticism upon the Gov
ernor, not for any injustice in the act, but
from the fact that he was at the time en
gaged as counsel for Charles Fair.
The passage of this act has opened an
other door into court for George Barron.
By the provisions of the will $100,000 was
left to George Barron in trust. This trust
is not questioned by him, however. Bar
ron left to his son William $200,000, and
to charity $45,000. No «ffort will be made
by George to distribute this latter sum
either. In the Santa Clara County case he
offered to stipulate that lhe "charities
should receive their share irrespective of
the determination of the suit by Nicholas
Bowden, who represented nTostof the elee
mosynary beneficiaries and who refused to
accede to this on the ground that it would
not be binding as regarded the minor heirs.
Of the residue of the estate, amounting
to $1 60,0000 or $170,000, one-fourth was left
to the widow absolutely and the remain
der was given to her in trust for her minor
children. It is this latter provision that
George now attacks.
The action, according to George's attor
neys, Sullivan & Sullivan, will be based
WILLIAM P. .McNAIR. OFFICIAL STARTER.
upon two grounds. The first of these is
thai the will is invalid and hence the
trust must be. This contention will be
maintained upon the same grounds as was
the San Jose action— unsound mind and
undue influence. In the determination of
this issue the sensational testimony ad
duced at the San Jose trial will be gone
over with a few added details piomised.
One of the striking features of the former
trial was the cart played in it by the
colored woman who claimed her son was
heir to a child's share of Barron's mil
lions. This character was taken advantage
of by the plaintiff, who claimed that the
threats and persecutions of this woman
, constituted one of tue chief causes of bis
father's disturbed reason.
The second ground of attack is more
technical. It is directed at the trust itself
and is based upon a leading California
case, known as the Walkerley case. It de
pends for its force upon the strict tech
nical meaning of the words of the trust
clause, and briefly is tuat the trust is in
valid because its operation might possibly,
by its terms, extend over the" period of *
life or lives in being. It is a rule of law
tnat trusts cannot be created to extend in
definitely, in California the limit is "a
life or lives in being." By the terms of
the trust it is claimed its operation mieht
extend to such children of Eva Rose Bar
ron yet unborn at the time of the making
of the will. This, according to the Walk
erley case, constitutes a violation .of the
rule of perpetuity.
The property affected by the suit is
valued at something over $2,000,000, the
entire Barron real estato, though George
only lays claim to two-fifteenths. This
latter is what his share would be were the
trust not in existence and the California
laws of inheriiance allowed to operate,
it consists of a lot 107 feet west of Kearny
street, fronting 100 feet on Post, running
through 122 feet to Morton ; lot at south
west corner of Taylor and Geary streets,
137:6x137:6; the gore at Eddy and Market
streets, fronting 161:9 on Market and 137:3
on Eddy; lot on Eddy street, near Mason,
fronting 28:4 on MarKet and 23 on Eddy;
lot at northwest corner of Oak and Pierce
streets, 275x90:10; 50 vara lot at northeast
corner of Oak and Pierce streets; lot at
southeast corner of Fell and Pierce streets,
137:6x137:6; sonthwost corner of Fell and
Pierce streets, 137:6x137:6; northwest cor
ner of Fell ami Pierce streets, running
through to Have?, 275 feet on Pierce, 137:6
on Hayes and 137 :6 on Fell ; and the ranch
at Mayfield, comprising 350,000 acres.
The share George Barron claims will
amount to $260,000 or $270,000.
The actual parties at whose interests the
suit is aimed are Eva Rose Barron, the
widew, and her minor children, Edward
F., Marguerite M., Eva U., Mary 0.,
Marion, "Dorothy and William Barron.
The following charitable institutions, be
ing parties in interest, are made nominal
defendants: St. Vincent's Roman Catho
lic Orphan Asylum. Roman Catholic Or
phan Asylum of San Francisco, Arch
bishop Patrick W. Riordan, Sisters of
Holy Family, or Children's Day Home,
Our Lady's Home, or Catholic Old Ladies'
Home, Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, San
Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum,
and James A. Thompson aud James E.
Walsh, trustees. There are twenty ficti
tious defendants.
Should the action pending in Santa
Clara County be decided in favor of the
present plaintiff the present suit would be
tnereby decided. Stiould Eva Rose be
successful it would not affect the present
litigation. __^^__^_^____ —
TROTTING AGAIN TO-DAY.
A Stake Event for Three-Year-
Oids the Feature of
the Card.
Ingieside Track in Better Condition.
W. Wood and Waldo J to
Meet oa Saturday.
The directors of the Pacific Coast Trot
ting-horse Breeders' Association held a
meeting yesterday at the office of Director
Burke, but business of a private nature
only was transacted.
This will be the second day of the as
sociation's summer meeting at Ingieside
track and two splendid events, tae 2:40
pace, with a fine field of starters, and a
stake for three-year-old trotters, are down
for decision. Secreta/y F. W. Kelley
stated yesterday that ail of the loose dirt
on the surface of the course has been
scraped off and better time can be looked
for to-day.
An attraction that is bound to draw a
great crowd has been arranged for the
Fourth of July, the closing day of the
meet. It is no less than a contest, best
three in five heats, between the crack free
for-allers of the pacing brigade, W. Wood
(2:07). and Waldo J (2:08), the gray ghost
from San Luis Obispo.
A special purse of $1000 will be hung up
for them. Two enthusiastic horsemen en
gaged in the butchering business in Aia
meda are also in doubt as to the relative
merits of their respective world-beaters,
and the public will have an opportunity
of 3eeing their caliber tested before the
meeting is over.
Starter vV. P. McNair proved a revela
tion to patrons of the running turf and
the work of the man from Wichita has
come in for much praise on all sides. Mr.
McNair considers the innovation of the
Pacific Coast Association in compelling
drivers to wear a jacket and cap of pro
nounced color a splendid one and thinks
it should be enforced on all tracks.
A $5 gold piece parleyed on the outsider
Prince Bismarck, who captured the pacing
event in straight heats on Saturday, would
have netted the speculator over $800.
Following are to-day's entries:
2:40 class, pacing, purse $1000— Madcap, b.
m., entered by Oftkwood Park stock farm; Me
ridian, br. h., by John Moorhead; Jim Budd,
b. g., by Greer McDonald; Cora C, b. m., by D.
K. Knight; Strathmont, b. g., by R. E. Stark
weather; Adele, b. m., byD. E. Fertin; Beuard,
eh. g., by D. B. Steplienson; F W, br. g, by
lames Sutherland; Katie H., b. m., by T. J.
Crowley; May Nutford, s. f., by P. W. Hodges;
Ben L, b. g., by James Mack; Fioraline, blk. m.
by Santa Rosa stock farm.
Trotting stakes for three-year-olds, $300
added— DerDy Lass, blk. f., entered by Oak
wood Park stock farm; Don Roberto, blk. c, by
ML S. Severance; Willero, blk. s., by La Siesta
ranch; Fanadma, br. f. , by R. Jordan Jr.;
Claudius, b. g., by Vendome stock farm; Hun
yadi, b. a, by Palo Alto stock farm; Local, br.
c, by Palo Alto stock farm.
At the Aiameda Driving Association's
meeting in Aiameda the following entries
were received last night for the gentle
man's race on Wednesday at Ingieside :
A. W. Fink's Guy Vernon (driver, owner),
H. P. .Moreal's Moraea (driver, Lapham),
W. H. Hiehbys Don (driver, owner), F.
P. Thwuite's Clay H (driver, Holmes),
R. B. Baines' Amazon (driver. Al Cohen),
M. McMahon's Marguerite (driver, owner),
Thomas Moraa's Count (driver, owner),
I. L, Borden's Fay (driver, owner).
Used Brass Knuckles.
C. J. McLaughlin was sent to the County Jail
for six months by Judge Conlan yesterday. On
November 16 McLaughlin struck Charles
Slaiiky with a pair of brass knuckles on Grant
avenue, but was not arrested till a few days
ago.
Contraband Opium Sold.
United States Marshal Baldwin sold at auc
tion yesterday morning 140 rive-taei caiis of
opium seized for non-payment of duties. The
price received was $j 05 per tin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
PREPARING FOR
A MERRY FOURTH,
Lively Meeting of the
Executive Committee
Last Evening.
ROBERTSON THE VICTOR
Prize Poem Selected From a
Large Number That Were
Submitted.
MID FLEECY WHITE CLOUDS.
Handsome Float Which Will Bear
the Beautiful Goddess of
Liberty.
The executive branch of the Fourth of
July committee had a lively meeting last
evening. The question of how to make
the finances meet the appropriations was
MISS JENNIE L. HEDBERG, THE GOOD SS OF LIBERTY.
the main puzzle before the committee.
The report of the finance committee was
very encouraging. It showed that there
was already subscribed $3569 63. This,
with what the committee feels assured it
will receive in the next few days, will be
sufficient to carry out all its plans.
E. A. Bergerot reported for the literary
committee that it bad finished its labors
and awarded the prize of $50 for a poem to
Louis A. Robertson. Mr. Robertson is a
newspaper man at present on the staff of
the News Letter. His production was
chosen from 139 submitted.
Mr. Bergerot stated that the committee
had decided that there should be no re
served eeats at the Pavilion. Every one
presenting an invitation will be admitted
without charge. The invitations will be
at the disposal of the general committee.
Rabbi Voorsanger has been requested to
act as chaplain.
"If he declines," said Mr. Bergerot, "we
will have no chaplain."
Henry P. Umbsen, grand marshal, re
ported that he would need twenty more
carriages. After some discussion his re
quest was referred to the chairman of the
hack committee, the chairman of the
finance committee and the grand marshal.
The matter of having reserved seats for
those who bad contributed to the celebra
tion was again called up. It was stated
that some of the contributors had been
promised this favor, and it was decided
that the action of the literary committee
be reconsidered and a limited number of
seats be reserved.
The transportation committee reported
that it had made arrangements with the
railroad companies for half-rates from all
points in the interior, to be in effect from
July 2 to July 7.
Robert Ash of the fireworks committee
reported that they h:id decided to have
the display on the block between Haight
and Waller, Ashbury and Cole. This is
immediately east of toe Chutes. The
Supervisors yesterday pansed an order
permitting them to discharge fire
works in this locality. The contract
for fireworks had been divided between
the California and the San Francisco Fire
works Companies. John Soufre. as a rep
resentative of the California Fireworks
Company objected to the manner in which
the contracts had been awarded. He
claimed that his company's bid was the
lowest and it should have received the
contract. Mr. Ash explained the basis
upon which the award was made and a
heated discussion ensued. Ac its con
clusion the entire contract was given to
tue California Fireworks Company.
President S. L. Lent stated that the
grand marshal had some doubt as to the
extent of his authority in the matter of
forming the parade. He moved that the
grand maisbal and his assistants be given
absolute authority. His motion was car
ried.
On motion of 1. J. Truman it was de
cided to insert in all contracts a clause
exempting the members of the committee
fro,m individual liability. Several chair
men of sub-committees stated that they
had inserted such a clause in all contracts.
Miss Jennie L. Hedberg of 2216 Filbert
street, who has been selected as the God
dess of Liberty, is a California girl and a
graduate of the Commercial High School.
Miss Hedberg owes her selection to her
peculiar beauty, which is contributed to
largely by a charming complexion. The
float which Miss Hedberg will grace i* to
represent a bank oi fleecy clouds, on whose
summit the goddess will ride triumph
antly. Four white horses will draw this
chariot.
CLOSED TILL THE FOURTH.
But the Alcazar Manager Paid Shiwkey
in Full.
A crowd gathered about the doors of
Grover's Alcazar Theater last evening. In
the assemblage were several actors, who
were endeavoring to learn the cause of
the doors being closed and locked with a
chain.
On inquiry it developed that the theater
had closed its doors the night before after
the play was over and the actors had dis
persed for the evening. The cause was
given as a lack of funds wherewith to meet
current expenses.
Superintendent Wallenrod, who has the
rental of the Alcazar building, said that
Manager Grover had come to him the
evening belore and told him the theater
had closed up and that he would come to
him to-day and square the financial part
of the affair.
Manager Grover said he had closed up
nt the beginning of the week many times
before.
"Business has been dull for some time,"
lie said, "and as I thought running any
longer a losine proposition, I decided to
close the doors.
"To-morrow afternoon is payday and
everybody's account will be settled in full.
As soon as times get better I shall reopen.
I think this will be July 4.
"July 5 I expect to put Sharkey and
Choynski on the programme. lam not
certain of this at present, but think it can
be arranged. Sharkey'a account has ai
rearty been settled.
"Some people, perhaps, are surprised
that I should close up just when w» have
had such large audiences. Well, Sharkey
dia not. prove quite so great a drawing
card as we expected, but what we made at
the end of last week would have been iost
at the> beginning of this week. So we have
closed for a brief interval. That Is all
there is to the matter."
Sharkey was also seen last evening, and
corroborated Grovcr's statement as to his
own account bavin* been settled in full.
RIGHTS OF SEAL-HUNTERS
Schooners Seized in 1891 Ordered
Released by the Court of
Appeals.
Seals May Be Caught at Certain
Seasons if Found Beyond the
Three-Mile Limit.
Judges McKenna, Gilbert and Hawley,
United States Court of Appeals, handed
down an important decision yesterday in
the case of the schooner La Ninfa, seized
in Alaskan waters in 1891.
"This is an appeal in admiralty from a
decree of the District Court of Alaska,"
said Judge Hawley in delivering the opin
ion of the court, "forfeiting the schooner
La Niiii'a upon the grounds that she had
been unlawfully engaged in killing seals
in the waters of Alasfcan territory.
"It appears that on April 1, 1891, she
sailed from San Francisco, having been
previously fitted out here. On July 6 she
passed into Bering sea, and three days
later sent out her boats, bringing in four
teen skins. On the following day the
United States ship Thetis notified the cap
tain of the schooner that 'the sea was
closed from sealing.' Ensign Dodd of the
Thetis boarded the sealer thirty miles
off St. Paul's Island and warned him to
cease operations. Captain Worth of the
schooner inlormed the ensign that he wan
fitted out for whaling and asked permis
sion to continue on that line. He was told
that if he remained it would be at his own
risk of being seized. The schooner, how
ever, remained in the waters and on July
14 was seized by toe revenue cutter Cor
win and taken to Sitka for condemnation.
She had on board nineteen skins, of which
number Captain Worth said five had been
killed in the sea.
"From these facts the question arises,"
said the court, "whether Bering Sea at a
distance of more than one league from the
American is Alaskan territory, or in
the waters thereof, or within the domin
ion of the United States in the waters of
Bering Sea."
The court then went into a lengthy re
view of the modus Vivendi which finally
resulted in the Board of Arbitration, in
session at Paris, agreeing that "the two
countries had rights in common tc kill
seals outside the three-miie limit." Con
gress, to give effect to this decision, passed
a new sealint: act April 4. 18it4, covering
the points agreed on by the arbitrators.
As it was shown that the seals were taken
ten miles from shore the decision of the
District Court was reversed and the
schooner ordered released.
A reversal in the case of the schooner
Alexander, seized at the same time, was
also ordered.
C. W. Smith's Kgtate.
Mary A. Smith has applied for letters of ad
ministration on tbeestate of Charles W. Smith,
wno left property valued at about $10,000.
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Hums'. 15 Grant avenue.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The week opened lower again, the best prices
being generally below those of Saturday. There
was more activity in the middle j stocks, however,
Choliar, Po.osi and Gould & Curry selling i heavily
on the noon informal session. The widest fluc
tuations were in Potosl, which sold at 90c@$l 10,
and in Choilar. which sold at f 2 05@2 50. The
feeling was depressed in the afternoon, bat' after
the board adjourned there was a recovery, as will
be seen below. ;".'■;
The Alta delinquent sale takes place to-day.
Wells, Fargo & Co. has declared the usual semi
annual dividend of 3 per cent, payable on the 15ih
of July. . .
The Security Savings Bank has declared a
dividend of 4.32 per cent per annum on term
deposits and 3.60 per cent on ordinary deposits,
payable July 1. ?-.._ —
Additional weekly reports from the Comstock
are as follows:
Ophib— On the 1000 level, west crosscut 1,70
feet north of , the Con., Cal. & Va. line, is
in 389 feet. The face is in porphyry. West cross
cut 1 started at a point in the north lateral drift,
480 feet from the shaft station on the same level.
is in 636 feet. The face is in a hard porphyry
formation. In the old central tunnel workings of
the Ophir some low-grade quartz continues to be
found. . . . . . .
11ALK& XORCROSB— the 900 level the north
drift was advanced 16 feet; total length
131 feet: face In porphyry with stringers of quartz.
975 level. Upraise 3 — Have been working north on
the eighth ana ninth floors, also started to raise for
tenth floor. The ore streak looks some better in
the raise than at the date of last report. Upraise
— Have been working north on the fifth and
sixth floors. The ore streak looks poorer than at
last report. Have done the necessary repairing on
this level the past week. Extracted during the
week from 975 level 20 cars of ore, assaying per
mine-car sample: Gold «17 30, silver 16 90-100
ounces per ton. *
Brunswick Lode— Con. Cal. <fe Va., Best <ft
Belcher and Gould & Carry— Shaft 2— The joint
shaft 2 has been sunk 10 feet on the incline: total
depth 257 feet; bottom in hard porphyry, .savage
—The tunnel started in Savage ground was ex
tended '27 feet, passing through porph>ry and
quartz; total length 804 feet, Gould & Curry east
crosscut 4; which was started 751) feet from the
mouth of the tunnel, was extended 21 feet: total
54 feet; face in porpnyry and stringers of quartz. -
Occidental i on.— s6J level — The east crosscut
from the lower tunnel, which Is being run to con
nect with the Edwards shaft, is now In 307 feet,
having been extended 46 feat during the week.
At a point In the crosscut 290 feet in we cut
through a seam of quartz three feet wide which
assays about $4 in gold: face of crosscut is now in
porphyry. 650 level — West crosscut So. 2, which
was started 25 feet south of the main winze, is in
488 feet, having been extended 38 feet. The face
is in hard porphyry. 760 level — east crosscut
from south drift Is in 10 feet and shows ore assay
ing $14 per ton in sold. West crosscut from south
drift is in 11 feet and Is in ore. assaying about $20
per ton in gold.
Reports from the other mines are unimportant.
The official returns of the ore worked and bullion
Droduced for account of the Consolidated Califor
nia and Virginia Mining Company at the Morgan
mill for the month of June have been received.
The number of tons worked was 9 8 and the bul
lion yield therefrom amounted to $84,768 19, of
which $17,377 91 was gold and $17,378 '28 was
silver. The yield in bullion per ton averaged
♦36 27. The average assay of the ore per battery
samples was $52 36 per ton. The assay value of
the ore per ton per railroad car sample was $55 95.
BOA*. ~> o ALi.n
Follow! ne wot* tha »*i»* "».th« Saa rimnelM*
*tor*Bonrd yesterday;
BISIILAK HOKXtXQ RKSSTOX ro*rw«NCtW(» "VTI.
100 Andes .30 100 Ch0ir... 2.35 400 Ophlr... 1.15
100 ..31200CC*V...1.9U2000vrmn....20
SOU Belcher.. 4l 2000 Con Im..U2t)soPotosi... 1.05
.50 BAB 78100 C Point... 450 .........1.00 j
200 ......~.\..80 400 a <fcC....1.1t2a05avaz.»..94 '
200 Bodle 40 ISO 1.06 100 5Nev....60
100 Ca1eda....12 300 U&M..1.30 100 61 !
400 Challng...3o 150 1.2 250 Union 57
450 Ch011r..2.5U Mien 6fc 700 56
200 2.45 550 Occdl 81 ..0 Utah. .....09
60 2.40 7! >00 V JaCkt...4l
AFTHRNOON »»HO»-J:Jl
100 Alta 10|250CC«5V..1.5»0 300 0ph1r. ..1.16.
2CO Andes. ...3o 100 1.85 350 Potosl.. 97
400 81chr.....42 200 U&C.-.....96 600 99
100 B &8... .76400 95 300 Say.. 89
100 :...77 500 HAN. ..1.26 200 90
200 Bodle 40 100 1.21 150 Bcorplon..os
200 Bullion... 300 KentCk....oS 100 Seg B 12
100Ca1ed......1310U Mcx 6* JO BNt 60
300 Challniu..3O2OO 6. .00 68
1000 Chour..2.'-'0 100 Mono Ot 00 ......59
350 2.25 300 OccidU....Bu|"* ;U YjMK«I..4I
. following were me sale* io ins Pacltto swan
'card yesterday :
BKin.AH '-inntnf- 10:1-1.
400 Alnha 10 500 ConN Y. .04 400 0cc1dt1....73
400 Alta 10 200 Crwn Pt...42 200 80
500 11200 JO 70 Ophlr... 1.1 5
300 Ande5. ...29 1000 Exchqr..Os 800 0vrmn....20
400 Beicner...4l 400 GdtC 1 v 8v 8 100 Potosl. ..1V 8
600 B &£..:.. 78 1500 1. in 400 1./o
300 ...... 76300 .1.05 300 1.00
900 75500 1.02V3 400 ...........99
1200 Bullion.. 15 1000 600 .......... .98
600 Caleda 12500 99 600 ......97
400 Cha11ge...30300 98 400 -....9«
200 Ch0ir... 2.55 400 97,800 95
50 2.62V<j 200 H<fcN... 1.35 -'00 ...»H
200 _..2.60500 1.32 200 90
600 2.35 2uO 1.55 600 3av*......95
400 ...2.32^1200 1.261300 ...„». 91
300 ....... .2.:.0200...-. 1.20 500 Scorplon.,o6
500 .........2.25 400 Julia 09400 ....05
600 2.20 500 Justice.. ..os 700 BBA M...10
400 2.16 300 Kentuck.,o23oo 8 Mv 61
200 CCV....1.9U600 L Wa5h... 04 900 ......... ...60
400 ... 1%20U Mexn 68 1000 8 Hi11. ..0S
600 l.ho 500 67 300 Union C...66
200 1.821A1000 900 56
100 Conn 9?,800 65800 Utah 09
200 ............96500 0ccd......78 200 V Jaclt«..4l
200 95 400 300 40
6000 Con 1m..02|300 75
?■ . AFTERNOON SXSSIO3T— 3: 30.
300 Alnha 12 100 Ch0i1ar. 2.36 200 0cc1d.....80
1400 Alta 10200 8 200 .....82
300 ............11450CC<1tV...1.8a;200 0ph1r... .1V 8
300 Ande5. ...30 400 1.90400 .........1.15
100 33 200 Conn 95 400 Overman. 2o
200 8e1cher.. .43 60 .........1.05,200 23
200 472000 C Imp .02400 P0t051. ...95
400 BAB. C P01nt....42 400 ...96 |
300 Bodle 40 ! 400 50 400 1.00
600 Bullion... 16 200 .49,200 ....... 1.021/2
200..... 18500 Exchqr....06;200 Save 90
100 8u1wer....29;400 O&C 96:200 ...........93
300 Caleda.... 200 981000 ........;.94
201 CUll nee... 30 200 ............99.400 Scorplon..o6
300 ...........36300 1.0020U SB AM-.. 11
50 Ch011r..2.16 200 1.02y a 300 5Nv......60
200 2.17y 2 300 HA.\ 1.211^300 Uni0n,.. ..55
400 -.. .2.21/300 1.27Va400 Utah 09
500 21/4 800 Mcx 66 300 V Jckt....42
100 2.27i /a 7OO 69700 ...........46
200 2.30 500 Mono 07 800 45
400 2.32%13000ccd.......83 a - ; * -
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
.MONDAY, June 39—4 p. if.
Bid. Asked.' . Hid.Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 12 14 Julia — 12
A1ta............ 10 11 Justice 04 08
Andes. 29 ■ 30;Kemuck 02 03
Belcher , 47 50 Lady Wash.... _ 04
Best <£. Belcher 82 83 Mexican....... 69 71
Benton C0n.... 20 —M0n0.... 05 —
Bodie .......... 39 — ; Nevada Queen. - — 06
Bullion 17 18 Occidental. ... 81 83
Bulwer. .- 27 —Ophlr. 1.15 1.20
Caledonia. 13 14 Overman 23 24
Ch01iar. ...... .2.35 2.40' P0t 1.00 1.05
Con.CalAVft...l-90 1.95 Savage... 94 95
Challenge Con. »6 38 Scorpio;! 06 08 j
Con. Imperial. 02 US Seg. Belcher... 11 13
Confidence. 1.00 I.o6Svndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 - silver Hill.. 02 04
Crown Point... 49 61 sierra Nevada. 67 69
EastSierraNev — 05 'union Con 66 67
Exchequer 06 06 Utah 07 09
Gould &Ciirry.l.()o 1.05 Yellow Jacket. 45 47
llale&Norcrs.l.2s 1.30
GOLD MINING KXCHANOK.
Champion |200 Lockwood Con- S3
8id.... 3000 Providence . .
ABkert.. 25 00 A5ked. ...... ...*.... .80 00
200 Edna 39:*200 Savannah „ 43
200 „ 40200 „ 45
200 Grant.... 13100 46
100 - 14200 47
Kennedy 800 Sebastopol SO
8id......... 1000300 ... 61
A5ked. ......... .....12 00 Thorpe .........
Keystone Con. Asked..' :;* 90
Bid. .........as 00 Ybaarra...;....
300 Lockwood Con. 82 A5ked...... ..; 100
LOCAL SKCURITIBS.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Ironworks 86
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water 6 60
Asked San Francisco Gas 96 00
Bid 60 Spring Valley Water 98 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Jane 29-2 p. v.
fNITEI) STATES BONDS.
Bid. Asked. Bid. ■ Asked.
CS 4s COUP..IOBV4 - Ua 4s re6...108y« —
Do new lssuell«VallT% *
MISCKLI.ANKOrs BOXtM.
Cal-stCbless. — 112y ;PacRou MSs. — —
Cal ElecL 117% - Do 2d is 85... — —
CntraCW6s 95 97% I 1I 1 *O Ry . 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 96 100 I'&Chßy6s. — 107
Kdsn LAP 69117% — I'wl-st RRBs. — 116 Vi
F4CHKR6B.IO6 - Reno, W'lj&lj -' 115
Geary-stß6s. — 105 Sacto 1' &L. — 102%
los An? I. — 99 SK&NPR 85.100%100%
DoOnteed6s - 103 SPRRAriz — 97
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — SPRRCaI 6s. 10d%lll .
DoKyConss..los»4loß SPRRCaI ss. — —
NatVinttslst 96 — SPBrRCaISs. — 100 ;
NevCNgß7s. J»6 105 SVWatertfs..ll9i41 > Joi4'
NPC RR6s. — 108 8V Water4s. . 99 Vi 99%
NBy Cal 105 107% SlktnG&E 6s — 100 .
Ky Cai ss. — 100 SunstT&T6s.loo —
Oak Gas .100 ,104% sutter-!«ißss. 109 V*
Do2d Is ss..lO434lO6V4|VisallaWCtJ« — —
Omnibus bs. 118% ; — i
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 — 1 San Jose ■ — —
MarinCo.... 60 — |S,->rns Valley 98% 99 ■
■ GAS STOCKS. ' X ■
Capital — 30 iPaclnc Lleht,47% —
Central- 95 — San Prancsco 8*34
OakQL&U 52 52% Btockton..... — 31%
PacOaalmp. 86% 87%!
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fireman'sFdlVO — |8un .......... 25- 60
• ..' . ' COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. .
Amerß&TC — — T London I'd: A. 128 180
Anplo-Ca1.... 51»4 — LondonASF. — 27%
Bank of — 240 Merch Ex... 18 —
Cal S D&TCo 64 " — Nevada...... — —
FlrstNa:ionl. — ; 187%|3ather Co. — . —
Grangers.... — — . |. ;
.; V ■' :• SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.-.
S&LCo. 1400 1445 Sav&Loan.. — 100
HumbS.ftL.lloo 1450 Securllv....:.2fiO 280
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
BFSavUnion — 490 r* --' I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.. ..108 - . (Oak SL&Hay — ; , 100
Geary-st. — 65 IPresidio 7 —
Market-5t.... 44 44 Va Sutter-st — —
POWDKR STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant C0n.... 24 24%
Eastern D... 75 80 jJurtson D.... — . —
California. . . . 75 "100 ; Vicorlt. — 950
. V ..." MISCKLL.ANKOUS STOCKS. •'
Alaska Piers. 90 97 Nat Vln Co. . 76 —
BllcDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 24Vi
Cal not Mills - — PacAuxFA 1 - '
Cal Dry Dock — — IPacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison LightXl9%l2o3/ B |Pac Roll Mill - ' —
UaaConAssn. — — |Parf PalntCO 6V4 7%
GerLeadCo/95 — PacTrusCo. — 24
HawC&SCa. 18% 20WPacT4TCo. 75 100
Hutch SPCo a2y s 2314 Sunset T&T. 41 —
MerKxAssn.loo 110 United C Co. — 25
II Elec Light, 41,4 4V«i . • '•
. . balks— VORN'HI nntin.f.
Board— ' .
*2000 SF4SP Railway 80nd5........ 100 50
■ street— ■ !
f 2000 Market-st Railway Con 5% Bonds 106 00
15 Market-st Railway... 44 60
SALES— AFTKRXOON SKSJrOX.
Board— ; ' '.I" • .
25 S V Water 9? 75
20 Edison Mscht & Power Co 120 00
50 Oakland Gas... 52 35
20 S V Uasliuhl 94 25
10 L PA A Bank 128 50
Street—.'"
-50 s V Water ; 98 75
35 Oakland Gas. 62 Vis
The Durrant Case.
Chief Justice W. J. Beatty of the Supreme
Court yesterday made an order in the Durrant
murder case that pending an examination of
the record all proceedings therein are hereby
stayed thirty days from date. Had it not been
for* this stay of proceedings Durrant would
have been removed from the County Jail to
San Quentin.
San Rafael.
The rose carnival at San Rafael, which
caused considerable excitement all of last
week, came to a finish Saturday night. The
carnival was a grand social and financial suc
cess. The unsold articles will be disposed of
by chance this evening, and the raffle for the
piano will take place to-morrow evening in
Hall Rafael.
:—: — » m — •
Five persons are killed daily in the coal
mines of England. :">V*-;. '.';': -~?
NEW TO-DAY:
That's the way people write after wear-
ins: Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt for rneuma-
tism and pains in the back. • This is what
Mr. Williams says after wearing Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt for two months:
HOOPA VALLEY, Cal., ),
June 25. 1896. f
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I pot your
| Belt on the 18th of April and charged it and
j put it on, and after the first twelve hours that
i I wore it 1 began to improve. I was so bad that
j I could not get out of bed without rolling over
on my stomach, as the pains in my sides and
! back were so bad. Now I can jump out of bed
like a young man. I cannot nnd words great
enough to express my gratitude for the good
your Belt has done me. I 'shall always recom-
mend your Belt to my friends, and if any one
wishes information they can write to me and
I will gladly answer, them. I nope this will
reach other sufferers, and I thank you again
from the depths of my heart. Your* grate-
fully, THOS. J. WILLIAMS, j j
H>opa Valley, Humboldt County, Gal.-
Now, when you consider the fact that
we are publishing letters like this every
day— statements of cures all over the State
in all walks of life — it means something.
It means that Dr. Sar.den's Electric Belt
cures rheumatism, lame back and weak-
ness. When you have tired of drugs, of
plasters and of liniments let us call your
attention to something more potent than
plasters, more penetrating than liniments.
It is
Dr. sanden's
Electric Belt.
As Good for Women as for Men.
It relieves the pain in an hour and the
gradual absorption of the currentintoyour
system will drive out all trace of the dis-
I ease. The "how 1 and "wny" of the sue- !
cess of this method of treatment would
require more space than we can spare.
We merely state the facts. In the way of
proof we can refer you to thousands who
have been cured by this method. The
little book
"THREE CLASSES OF MEN "
Will explain more fully. It is sent by
mail FREE, upon application.
If you are confounding this with some
cheap fraud that you have heard of call
and see your error.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
830 Market Street, Sail Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 8 a. m. to
8:30 p. m. : Sundays, 10 to 1. -V
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR.,
204 South Broadway. | 253 Washington streat.
For forty years
■H " , a host of Shirt
■■■■■■I wearers have
ywfeWMH wmiim *ww marched under
■■■■■■■■■■■■■ this standard :
THAT'S IT *£? I
HffflWifWff l 'ff" H1 * L *ißHfi 1 Their num-
HBHHM bers Increase
■■■ every year.
Are you In
. .. ..";'.. the ranks?
. "It's" a home Industry."
NETTSTADTER BROS., MFRS., S. F.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
SPRAINS AND BRUISES.
UNLIKE SOME OTHERS, ARE
HERE TO STAY!
And the WAVERLY Guarantee
Is Accordingly Permanent and
Valuable. .
1896 MODELS
$75 and $85.
Terms, $5 Down/$2 par Week.
: Big Bargains in Second-Hand Wheels.
IMAM BIWIE COMPANY,
18 and 20 McAllister Street, 5. F.
OPEN EVENINGS.
NEW TO-PAT. ___ J ' .
'AT AUCTION
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY JUKE 30, 1896
At 13 o'clock noon, •' ;
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Pacific-Street Bnaineg* Property.
S. line of Pacific, 24 feet W. of Jerome alley,
o- about 111:6 feet W. of Montgomery street.
Two-story building: theater below; 12 rooms
above; rent $100 per month; cement stove side-
walk; lot 26x1 «7:6.
o Howard-Street Residence.
. E. line (No. 2107) of Howard street, 75 feet
south of Seventeenth; large bay-window residence
of 10 rooms and bath; in elegant condition; choice
neighborhood: cement walk: basalt rock in street:
Howard-street cars; lot 26x100 feet.
Oak-Street Lot.
8. side of Oak street. 187.6 feet W. of Devlsa-
dero; this choice building lot is unded by fine
buildings; but 1 block from Golden Gate Park: ele-
gant lot 'or a home or for a builder to construct
French fiats upon; street in splendid condition:
Oak-street cable and electric cars; lot 50x137:6
feet.
Western Addition French Flat*.
Northeast cor. (No. 1242) of McAllister and
Steinersis. Building comprises 2 French fiats of
7 rooms and bath each. Bret foundation; base-
ment. Choice location; everything In Al condi-
tion -Street bltuminized; stone walk. McAllis
street cable. Large corner lot, 30x110 feet.
Railroad Avenue Bunlnebs Property-
Building and lot (No. 1012), west line Railroad
avi-.. 26:8 feet north of Servia St., or into aye.
Large building, of saloon and five rooms below
and seven rooms above; large and high basement
below. Th's Is a business location. Street in
basalt stone.' Klecirlc cars pass the property.
Large lot, 25:8x99:4 feet.
Mission Cottage, Near Market Street.
West line (No. 810) of Noe, 181:6 feetlsouth of
Market street. Handsome bay-window cottage of
five rooms and bath, , conservatory, basement,
attic and stable. A pretty tome. . Must be sold.
Kxamine it. Castro-street cable. Lot 25x105
feet. • ■
Holly Park Residence.
South line (No. 38) of West avenue, 150 feet
east of Patton street. Handsome bay-window
co.tage of five rooms and bath, nearly new,
washtubs and waterclaset; brick foundation.
One block from Mission cars. Lot 25x1'.: 7 feet.
Mission — Twenty-fourth Street Business
tot.
N. line of Twenty-fourth at., 97:6 feet W. of Treat
avenue. This lot is ready for building; good busi-
ness location: street in basalt rock; several elec-
tric roads; large lot 37:6x100 feet.
Outside Land Block No. 1092.
8. ' side of Golden Gate Park.' fronting R st.,
Thirtieth and Thirty-first ayes.; 42 city lots.
Golden Gate' Park Residence Lot.
W. line of Clayton, 37:6 feet S. of Page st.; all
ready for building: fine residences surround this
lot: one block only to Golden Gate Park; Haight,
Oak electric rqads: lot 25x106:3 feet
Holly Park Residence' Lot.
S. line of Plymouth aye.. 358:6 feet E. of Holly
st. and near Mission st. : pleasant surroundings;
street sewered and .macadamized: lot ready for
building: Mission-st. electric-cars: lot 25x100 feet.
Richmond Residence Lot.
E. line of Twenty-fifth aye., 250 feet 3. of Point
Lobos aye.; lot ready for building: Twenty-fifth
aye. graded and macadamized; must be sold;
Sutro electric-road: lot 25x120 feet. ' ,
ASTON, KLDRIOGK & CO.,
: ■ i - : Auctioneers,
Salesroom 638 Market Street.
"bazaait
Hurrah if July!
FIREWORKS!
Crackers and Skyrockets
FOR EVERYBODY.
SPECIAL xJEPARTSMT
733 Market Street.
LARGEST SELECTION !
BEST QUALITY!
LOWEST PRICES !
Torpedoes, Firecrackers. Pistols,
Caps, Balloons, Cartridges, Cannon, -
Paper Caps, Guns, Pinwheels,
Roman Candles, Skyrockets, <
__ ANI Lanterns, Banting
AND
FLAGS m BECORATISG MATERIAL
OF ALL KINDS.
' ALSO
ASSORTED CASES
OF FIREWORKS !
Put up expressly for family use, i
containing from 150 to 500 pieces,
At $1, $2, $3.50 an Iss per Case. ;*
Note — Goods delivered free of charge In Sansv
llto, Bllthedale. Mill Valley. Tiburon, Antioch.San '
Aafael, Stockton, Hay wards, Vallejo, Napa, Sam
Lorenzo, ' Melrose, San I Leaudro. Oakland, Ala-
meda and Berkeley. •■ ;
AikOTtl mmt^%
UfK I rl Iflff • .. :
18 THE VERY BKsi'r. ONE To KXAMINB
•i. your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Ey#-
glasses with Instruments of hit own invention. '
whose superiority has not been equaled. ' its IHfh
CMs baa been due to the merits M my work. ■
Office Hours— to 4i\ m. J-"»«»*
.if FIFTY-DOLLAR
IPi%|ELECTRii: BELTS
r^---f :^l l? OK ?-5; $40 BELTS
TO'F^'S^Wwf r for $ -°- Bnd * 30 B(?l£s
*&ty%2xß&&fc?i? ; for 15; also good belts for • ■
"WHS f&KtO-aOc^o *5. latest patent and all .
1 • c improvements. J93" Call .
•«ii,ii> : ■'.. ; or write for new pamphlet
W No. '2. Address DR.
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny.
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco. . ■ ;
OOSM OPOXiIT AN .
Opposite U. S. Mint, ; 100 and 102 Fifth XL, s»a
Francisco, — The most select family hotel ta
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 j J i>»*
day, according id room. MeaU 25a .Boom* J JJ
•ad 760 a day. k IO a coach to and from th» &<»« L
.Look for the coucii t*j»ri the name of me 0a«-
-caep«UUui tioMi. aval *'A.UHi V, if ropu«W<»BARHAM WILL GO
BACK TO CONGRESS
He Will Be Nominated To-
Day for the First
District.
DISTANCES ALL RIVALS.
A Majority of the Delegates
Have Been Instructed to .
Support Him.
A CONVENTION IN THIS CITY.
Frank McGowan of Humboldt and
Judge Spencer of Lassen Entered
the Race Too Late.
The Republicans of the First Congres
sional District will to-day renominate
Congres-man J. A. Barham of sianta Rosa
at the convention, which will meet at 10
Congressman J. A. Barham, Who Expects to Be Rcnomlnated To- Day ia the
FfTst District.
a. m. in the rooms of the Union League
Cub.
The convention *rill be held outside of
the district on Recount of the convenience
of meeting in San Francisco. The only
business before the convention is tue
nomination of a Congressman, and this
business wiil be soon finished.
The convention which meets to-day is a
new one, the dplegates to which have been
appointed by county committees within
two weeks, or since tue First District Con
vention, which met in Sacramento at the
tune of the State Convention, early in
M*y. Some of the other Congressional
conventions adjourned to a later date to
nuikf nominations for Congress, but in
t lie First District delegates to the second
convention were newly appointed.
Many of the delegates arrived in the
City last evening, notably those from
Mendocino. Sonoma and Napa counties.
Congressman Barham came down from
S<u;ta Rosa on the train with Senator
Rsgsttale, G. B. baer of the Cl verdale
Reveille and a majority of the Sonoma and
Mendocino delegations. Frank L. Coombs ]
is here among others of the Napa delega
tion. A number of the Humboicit delega
tion are expected to arrive this irornin?.
It appeared certain last evening that |
Barham' would cet the nomination with i
practical unanimity. There will be 96
votes in the canvention and his friends
s«y that more than a majority are in
structed for him, while most of the other
delegate* are solid for him.
The Congressional convention which
met in Sacramento unanimously indorsed
Harham, and when it adjourned there was
no other candidate in the field. Within a
weeK, however, Judare E. V. Spencer of
Lassen and J. T. Matlock of Tehama an
nounced themselves in the race. Then
the popular Senator, Frank McGowan of
HuniboMt, went into the fight aud his pros
pects seemed especially strong.
Matlock withdrew on the 13th inst. in
favor of Barham ut a meeting oi the Te
hama County Committee, which then in
structed its live delegates for Barham.
Judge Spencer has been in the City for
three or four days, but has likewise with
drawn as Barham's majority developed,
and his name will probably not be pre
vented to-uay.
McOowan has the solid delegation from
Huinboldt County with him and an un
certain number of supporters scattered
among the other delegations. It was
doubtful last night whether or not Mc-
Gowan would allow his name to go before
the convention.
Barham has three things especially in
his favor— his record in Congress, the fact
that he ran twice to be elected once and
the consequent feeling that he is entitled
to another term, and then the fact
that he and his friends were earliest in tlie
field.
This was the way 6enator Ragsdale of
Santa Rosa stated the convention pros
pects last night.
"Seven counties have instructed for
Barham, and they are: Tehama, with five
votes; Marin, six votes; Mendocino. nine
Totes; Sonoma, nineteen votes; Plumas,
four votes; Del Nort«, two votes, and
Shasta, five votes. That makes fifty votes
out of ninety-six. Naoa has endorsed his
his course, and we understand that ten of
its eleven votes are for Barham. We
count on Siskiyou and Sierra solid with
eight and six votes respectively, and ex
pect part or all of the votes from Trinity,
Modoc and Lassen. You see, Barham has
it won, hands down.
"Barham has made a fine record in Con
gress and will be an exceptionally strong
candidate, but aßide from all that there is
a feeling that he is entitled to another
term. Six years ago we begged people to
take the nomination, and Frank McGowan
was one of them. Finally, when the cam
paign was half over, Barham went into
a losing fight and lost. Frank McGowan
has many friends among Barham's sup
porters who might vote for him if it were
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
not for this feeling that Barham deserves
the nomination anyway."
The delegations from Lassen, Modoc,
Sierra and some other remote counties
will be represented largely or wholly by
proxies.
THE ASSESSMENT ROLL.
Assesior Siebe TVill Turn Over the
Books Next Monday— Valuation
About 9340,000,000.
The assessment roll which Assessor
Siebe will turn over to the Board of Super
visors next Monday consists of fifty
four volumes of real estate and seventeen
personal property volumes. It is be
lieved that the valuation will exceed $340,
-000,000.
The Assessor will be ready to deliver the
roll on the day designated by law. No
extension of time will be asked.
There is talk that the Board of Super
visors will agree on the tax levy as soon as
the valuation is ascertained, although the
law seems to contemplate the actual fixing
of the levy in September.
The City's portion of the sum of $550,000,
already collected by the Assessor on ac
count of personal property unsecured by
real estate, may be apportioned to the
general fund to meet July demands on
the treasury.
Austrian- American McKinley iteg.
At an executive meeting of the Austrian-
American McKinley Club last evening it was
resolved to have a uniformed corps in con
junction with the club, clothed in the Austrian
colors, 200 strong. It is confidently expected
that their appearance on parade will justify
them as proper and manly exponents of Mc-
Kiuley ana protection. The meetings of
tne organization will be held hereafter on
Tuesdays instead of Fridays. The club will at
a very early date eive a grand rally and mass
meeting at the Turk-street Temple, at which
shining lights of the party aDd a few leading
Austrian-American citizens will expound the
doctrines of Lincoln, Blame and McKinley.
The executive committee consists of James J.
Feely, Antone Gagre, H. A. Williams, J. H.
Breen, w. E. Pect and P. Moreno.
IN FAVOR OF THE BANK.
Circuit Court of Appeals Renders
a Decision Favoring a Local
Institution.
Banker Cowan's Transfer of Certain
Prp rty to His Wife Is Held
to Be Illegal.
The Circuit Court of Appeals, in a de
cision read by Judge Hawley yesterday,
reversed the Circuit Court of Oregon in the
suit of the Bank of California against J. L.
and S. E. Cowan to set aside the transfer
of certain property.
Cowan, who was a prominent banker of
Salem, failed June 19, 1893. On the same
day he transferred to his wife certain
property in Albany, Or. The Bank of Cal
ifornia, to whom Cowan was indebted, se
cured an attachment on the property, al
legin» that the transfer was fraudulent.
It appears, according to the complaint of
the bank, that subsequent to this convey
ance, on June 27, Cowan transferred the re
mainder of his properiy to certain trustees
for the payment of claims of certain cred
itors, it was alleged in the bill thatatthe
time of the transfer to his wife Cowan wai«
insolvent, and that the deed was made
witn the intention of defrauding the bank
and other creditors.
The lower court found "that the con
veyance of said lßncl, together witli the
transfers shortly thereafter made by the
insolvent to trustees for certain preferred
creditors, were tantamount to a general
assignment of the insolvent's property,
and ihat since such assignment was not
made for the benefit of ail creditors, the
same was void under the statutes of Ore
gon. Within thirty days of the date of
said decree the complainant must file with
the clerk of the court its written assent
waiving its preferred lien by the attach
ment, and judgment and all right of ap
peal from the decree and accept its share
of the estate pro rata, as if a general
assignment had been made for all cred
itors. The complainants having failed to
file said assent their Dill is dismissed."
It appeared that at one time Cowan
owed his wiie $.'SOOO, giving his note for
that amount. In 1890 he paid $3333 33 on
account, but failed to take a receipt. At
the time of the transfer of the real estate
the note iv question was barred oy the
statute of limitations, the lower court,
however, acknowledging the justness of
the deot by a»suming that the transfer
was voluntary.
The Court of Appeals in reviewing the
evidence held that if there had ever been
any real indebtedness between Cowan and
his wife it did not exist at the time of the
transfer; hence the attachment of the
Bank of California on the Albany prop
cr'y was within their rights &i a creditor.
The court's decision was therefore re
versed at appellee's cost, and a decree for
complainant for relief prayed for in bill
was ordered.
- ■■■ •■ — •— •
Case Against Mitchell IMninUaed.
The case of Michael Mitchell, employed at
one time in the newspaper department of the
Postoflice, wuo was arrested nn a charge of ap
propriating $804, was dismissed in the United
States District Court yesterday. Mitchell's
bondsmen made good the shortage. Dintnct
Attorney Foote had the case stricken from the
calendar because the evidence was of such *
complicated character as to make a conviction
doubtful.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
ARE FOR PROTECTION,
The McKinley and Hobart Italian
Republican Club Organ
ized.
All Members of the New Society
Pledge Themselves to the Suc
cess of the Ticket.
The McKinley and Hobart Italian Re
publican Club was organized last evening
at Garibaldi Hall, on Broadway, nez»r
Kearny street, with the following officers:
President, P. Barbieri; first vice-preßident,
E. Vanaglia; second vice-president, F. Marini;
treasurer, L. Torre; secretary, B. Ratte; ser
geant-at-arins, G. Sbarboro.
Executive committee— P. Barbieri, E. Vena
glia, F. Marini, L. Torre, U. Sbarboro, X. Ker
roggiaro, A. L. Baeigalupi, J. F. Uartinonl,
Giov. Figoni, Gius Figoni, S. Bottaro, E. Selna,
G. Roccalagliata, A. Seralini, A. Arnaboldi.
The following resolutions were offered by
Frank Marini and unanimously adopted:
The Italian Republicans of San Francisco as
sembled under the auspices of the McKinley-
Hobart Italian Republican Club of San Fran
cisco, proud oi the splendid past of the Repub
lican party, the great party of freedom and of
equal rights, and rejoicing in the anticipation
of Its further glory under the leadership of the
famous apostle of protection, William McKin
ley of Ohio, unanimously approve the action
of the National Convention at St. Louis, and
pledge to its nominees, McKinley and Hobart,
the united support of the Italian Republicans
of San Francisco. And
Whereas, The National platform adopted by
said convention has given to the party as
beacon lights and for watchwords during the
campaign the great doctrines of protection
and reciprocity, which are synonymous with
prosperity and plenty; and whereas, the tri
umphant success of" these principles means
that the wheels of commerce will once again
revolve with their former speed, the forges and
furnaces again blaze witn light, American
manufactures and American industries be
again firmly established, the standard of
w»ges raised and work become more plentiful,
Resolved, That this club, both as an organiza
tion and the members in their individual
capacity, indorse the platform of the National
Republican Conv*>ntion, and will do all in
their power to achieve the success of the prin
ciples therein announced.
Further resolved, That the thanks of this
club be extended to the members of the Cali
fornia delegation to the National Convention
for their active zeal and co-operation in secur
ing the nomination of the standard-bearers of
our party.
Whereas, To be effective in its work the Re
publican party must procure the registration
of all its voters; and whereas, registration of
voters, while already in progress, closes at the
new City Hall on August «, 1896, only about
one month from this date; and whereas, it is
extremely doubtful whether any precinct
registration will be had this year,
Resolved, That every memoer of this club
shall forthwith himself register, and at the
same, time shall act as a missionary among
other Republicans to secure their immediate
registration.
stirring speeches were made by Presi
dent Barbieri, Treasurer Torre and A.
Serafini and Gr. Cevasco of the Voco del
Popolo calling upon all Italian citizens to
Work for the success of the Republican
party. A committee was appointed to as
sist in the naturalization of Italians in
tin's City. Over 250 members signed the
roll. Tha club aujourned to meet at the
cull of the chair.
Marin Comity Dairies.
Milk Inspectors Dockery, Davis and O'Rourke
and Veterinary Surgeons Hanton and Harring
ton will investigate Marin County dairies. If
tne orders of the Board of Health are not re
spected the offending dairymen will receive
notice of quarantine.
NEW TO-DAY.
••••••••••••••••••••••••a
8 Always FIRST ,* |
I Gail Borden I
I Eagle Brand I
8 CONDENSED TIILK «
• For 35 years the leading brand. -It is the •
• Best and the most economical. *•
5 A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS «
•O0O«eo«oo«eooo«0««o«««o«
! PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
I • STAMPED ON A SHOE „„„.,
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT-
(y '^&.
BLOCKADE SALE
BARGAINS
FOR
EVERYBODY.
Did you ever trade with us? Well, if you did
you know we never deceived you. We have estab-
lished our. trade by dealing honestly with the
public, and we tell you now that we are selling
the biggest bargains ever offered in this city.
THAT FENCE stands on the corner a menace to
our trade, and we are compelled to sell cheap If we
wish to do business. During the past week our
store was crowned with customers taking nd-
vantage of our low prices, and for the coming
week we will offer shoes at such a figure that you
will buy them even if you have to lay them away
for future use. We have an assorted line of
Misses' Patent Leather Button, Dongola Kid Cut-
ton, with either Cloth or Kid Tops, Patent Leather
Tips and Spring Heels, which we will offer at $1
per pair. The regular price Is $2 60. The sizes
run from 11 to 2, and every pair is guaranteed for
wear.
Lk © <M nn
v c have a mixed line of Ladies' Rusaet Oxfords
and Southern Ties that we are selling below cost.
Jus: think of hand-turned Russet Oxfords and
Southern Ties, Brown Cloth or Kid 'fops, low heels
or French heels, pointed or square toes, which we
are selllni; for $1. The regular prices of these low
snoes are $2, $2 50, $3 and $3 50, and the sizes on
hand are 2, 'ty*, 3, 31/2, 6, 6Va »nd 7, and widths
A, B, C, D, K. Remember, these sites embrace all
the lines, and if you cannot get fitted in one : line
you can in another.
.wi en*
Tr^SCl "■■ ■■ Infants' Patent-
XiZyji"* 3B|U . leather Button and
V;'BS?.4 6,5 (LJ U I Infants' French Kid
!j«ii>4.\ ~ Button, with hand-
*ri££l*v-^v turned * oles and
m w»\. Kld or Cloth Tops
r^rnr%^^^X. and Patent-leather
l/^^iaitvrarr .. . Tips. Sizes Ito 6.
££20t**Z~*—t,, ', Red uced i rom if 1 25.
ifl ndLI "fi"
JL^v if ■ wui
Misses' and Children's Busset Kid Button, or
Black Kid Button sold at a sacrifice; Solid
Wearers. Spring Heels, Patent-leather or Russet
Kid Tips-
Child's sizes, 8 to 10% .......750
Misses' sizes, 11 to 2.... 85c ~
Country customers should not feel slighted if we
cannot always fill their orders during special
sales. ' We are selling the different styles cheap,
and the city buyers are taking advantage of our
low prices. We will always do the bes; we can,
and the money will be lefunded If the gooda are
not satisfactory. .. .
Iff Country orders solicited.
49* Bend for New Illustrated Catalogue. :
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San Francisco.
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
HAVK THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
■"■ being one of the wosi'Kßs of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those In searcn of hkaith, will be well
paid by visiting them. .  . , . .
The Finest Summer > Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Llrer,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS... 810 TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence 'to * BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, b. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal. : . ; '
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
| T OCATED IN A CANYON - OPTHE ■ BANTA
| Xj Cruz Mountains, convenient to Han Jose, amid
; most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
i sea level. No tog, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
! with a frontage of 450 feel south.
i PI'RK SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL WATKH Of the nlkochaly-
i beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
I liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
I and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
! mended by all leading physicians.
, HOTEL AND COTTAGES, ESPECIALLY DE-
j SIGNED FOR HEALTH AND COMFORT.
i ALL modern Improvements; electric bells, tele-
i phone and telegraph : good stables. ■ .
! RATES, 10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours
! from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. write for
| particulars. J. F. PFKTCH, Saratoga, Cal.
n ■ n n i 0\ fi HOT
I A iLJ fi ■ 1 1 Wont t rey c ,°, u °-
f\ I B *H E U America - For
;" ■■■•■■■ ** health.rest.pleas-
! ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, tame, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the Mate. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
dally, forSoledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postoflice. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896. address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
HIPI SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have Yod Bkkn- These Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nnsnr-
passed. : Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoftice.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delignt; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
,P. O. ; - ■ .■-;■•
WHEN v URIAH
VISITING UIVI/\II
. STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
rpHJSISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in Uklab, and it is headquarters for
tourists. •-
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
{ all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
| , _
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
is most picturesque. soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
j it throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,01)0
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus:
been opened. The table Is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and I the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
ramping grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pieta and Highland Spring*,
Adams, Selglcr, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, $5 60; - round trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. O. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Ki-isey ville. Lake County, Cal. ■
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FIBHINO, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTi'ItINt.KM. Sea view, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRU>E*CO., 207 Front st., San Fran-
Cisco, for particulars. •
ASTORG SPRI\GJMERAL WATER.
rfIHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH!
1 cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thous mis in four
months in this city, no agents. A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor: Glenbrook Hotel, --Lake
County, one-quarter mile from spring, has piivilege
of the water. . - J ' ■-.' .-■''■ ':■■' .
EL BONITO HOTEL
\rOW OPEN TO ' TOURISTS - FOX THE
.iN season: salt find fresh water bathing, huntlnot,
fishing and • boating; redwood grove, etc. : tcruu
reasonable. - - U. W. MORGAN, » •
Duncans Mills, Sonomu Co.,CaL
HAZEL_GLEN.
GOOD PLAIN BOARD IN PRIVATE FAM-
*y lly five miles from Cloverdale; rates moderate.
Inquire of MRS. T. MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. HEALY, 20» Powell st.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN THE HEART OF Titß SANTA CRUZ
X Mountains.. Hoard i from $7 to $10 a week.
Campers' return ticket, *'J 60. Send for circular
to M. S. COX, Laurel, CaL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
•' On the Border of Clear Lake,
LAKE COUNTY, CALi.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like tine bathing, boating, hunting and ijshing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage
route into Lake County.
All this and more can .be had 'at Highland
Springs. • s;
New hotel, Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco. I ■ '
From San Francisco It costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are SI 50 to $2 50
per day or 9 10 to $16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short da-
lightful stage ride. - J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony .is impossible,
where you. may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Ca!.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. I It is the ideal health and pleas- '
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. >r For further information ad-
dress - • - J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea beach Hotel.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THK SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R.. via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to $14 per week; EUra Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week ; tents, $3 to $5 per week, &end for cir-
cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
Cazadero, Cal.
BOCA HOTEL
- Boca, Ceil,
HEADQUARTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
XX their families Excellent .table and newly-
tied rooms. Daily stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the " Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' For information address
JAS. McDOJf AID, Boca, Cal.
IT I fi fi n HOT SI>KINi;s. Sonoma
V If A I•I ' V County, only 4V hour 3 from
\ » 1 1 Itlt\ * un Francisco; but 9 miles
11 l\ II I 1 1 1 II staging: new road through
JLII.X VI VI hJ canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquitoa and other ; annoying
insects unknown. Take Tibnron ferry •at 7:iso
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
J. -K. MULGREW, Proprietor.
\ CAPIfOLA.
iSSSSSSr'ISS GEM Resort.
Oiu^SJllllit^J 4 Miles Kasfc of
Ki'iTVraifif O^ttV ' Santa Cruz.
«»mjMfliil i » Hotel at water's edge; '
"^"TtM 11 r l ~ii : r* lc ni*!**" furnished and partly
- . a !. j furn Ish" d cottages ; free
"' " ~-*-> \,ni& camp ground; salmon
7% '% and trout fishing.
" 1. REANIKR, Supt.,
Capltola, Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Harm Co., Cat.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
Ughtful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoflice, express, ■ telegraph and It very at
both hotels: terms $8 and $1* per week.
VICTOK W. KRA l'.S^>, Manager.
JOS. F. BEiITKAND. Proprietor. .
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Betort
in the Santa Crui Mountains. ;
Health," pleasure, Bwimming, fishing anil hunt-
ing. . -New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. send for souve-
nir, state at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
truin leaving the City at 8:15 a. M.
. VIC I'ONCELKT. Llagas. CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL. ■ {
■QECREATION. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
J.V vallds, consisting of large main building, cot-
tages aud tents on mountainside overlooking Xapa
Valley. Si earn heat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, • electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among ■ the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful mono
tain walks are aiuonti . the oniusements. :'ure
water, air and a beautiful climate. . Accommoda-
tions fi class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
OSS VALLEY, NEAK HAN RAFAEL: COT-
Jtt tuges' niKl tents, with or without board; danc-
ing pavilion: salt water bathing. •--•■ : •
MRS. PETKR SMITH, Marager. '
TUSCAN SPRINGS. E
" Prices within the reach of all. Positive enre for
Rheumatism, Uout, scrofula," Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
to. ' for rates and fare apply to . -■.-■■■ ■ . ,
AY. .1. O'NKII.L, 133 Sixth St.
VVni i OAK FARM. {
VTEAR CLOVERDALE; PLENTY OF. FRUIT.
IN vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, eggs,
etc; terras $7 per week. Address W. H. HIATT,
Cioverda' e, Cal.
Tl/hen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
fflesorts in these columns kindly mention the CJiMJL.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A. Place Where the Invalid Can Sorely
.Regain Health— the Tourist
May Regale Himself Upon . -.
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Rest, Refreshment and Relaxation.
1 Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A. Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in Garments
of Matchless ttlory.
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
fTIAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
X Third and Townsenrt streets, 3% hours from
Ban Francisco. Fare, »7 15 for round trip.
SSf Stage connects with train from Third and
Towusend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
SANTA CATALIM ISLAM.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAHN'S te'egraph pigeon service daily, con-
necting the island with the wires of the world.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excurs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
banting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open, Island Villa In July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
'222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
LAKE TAHOE.
McKINNEY'S.
Most Sheltered Spot on the Lake,
A ND POPULAR FAMILY RESORT; LARGE
-*V new hotel, ]aat completed; iron and magnesia
springs; large dancing-hall and parlors; hoi baths.
Free Boats and Free Fishing Tackle.
No rattlesnakes, no poison oak: table excellent;
dairy connected with hotel. Terms, $10 to $12
per weeic. Round trip tickets to Tahoe City, $10.
MURPHY BROS., Proprietors.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA OOUSTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK. FOR HEALTH, REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; IA-rutle from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars. ■.
CALAVER4SJI6 TREES.
The Hotel Situated Right Among the
1 ;■;.'/•' Sequoias is Now Open. |
HERE IS FOUND THE FINEST OF FlSH-
ing. i'ostoilice and Telephone office.
J. L. SPERRY, Manager.
THOMAS COOK <& BON. 621 Market street.
S. F.. Agents. - ■ ■
HARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from santa Rosa.
WITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
• » bor; the place where you feel at horn«?. Table
first class. Croquet. Billiards, Shuffle- board,
Swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
ing and Hunting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
t>i.eci«l rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 75. Baths free to guests.
Fl V FRESE & JUERGENSEN.
INVERNESS.
TNVEP.NESa, MARIN COUNTY— CAMPING
J- privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated'
on an inland bay; good beach: salt-water batning;
water 15 degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives: shooting and fish-
ing: within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North
Pacific Coast Railroad. stages meet trains. Apply
11 to 2 daily, 331 Montgomery street, room 51.
00 TO DUi\CAi\ SPRINGS,
rpWO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MENHOCINO
X County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. .Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tnpes to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free dus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms. $10 per week.
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Fostofflce.
HOWARD P. ; ri p n u°t s ah.
LAKD COUNTY.'
CHANGED HANDS— RENOVATED AND IM-
\J proved. Accommodations— and serv cc
strictly first class: rates $10. *12: special terms
for families; postottlce and telephone on premises;
round trip $10: tickets at -. I*. Co.'s offices: corre-
spondence invited. Address PROF. JULES
HEUOE.V, ' Manager.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
Ii »XX COUNT Y.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
x year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacifc oitires, $10: special
conveyance daily. For inforn ation address JOHN
BPAULDING. Selglar Springs, Lake Couuty, Cal.
CISCO.
OUNTAIN SUMMER RESORT; 182 MILES
I>l. from San Francisco, via C. P. R. R.; air and
water cannot be excpl led; particulars and rates on
application. , Hl,HsK\ & . FREEMAN, Pro-
prietors, Cisco, Placer County, Cal. . .
fIONTE VISTA.
THE DAILY ARRIVALS AT THIS CHARM-
X ing resort of the Sierras remind Its friends* and
patrons to send promptly for full descriptive cir-
cular to C. E. • KIN.N'I'JV, Propr;etor, or C. M.
HAZARD, Manager, Ditch Flat Station, Cal. .
HOTEL EASTLAND,
- Mill Valley, Marin County, -
NOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RE-
sort. ..■•■■_, MRS. J.J.OULLEN, Prop.
" WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
' near the Russian River. Terms very reason-
able. For particulars address -■■ *v
JOHN TAYLOR, Manager,
Hilton Postofllce, gonomn County.
SUMMER BOARD AT BUBiHE.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address... „.............■.:.. IRA G. HOITT.
1 Holtt's School reopens August 4.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BEHWICK, SISKIYOU ' COUNTY. ? CAL., - A
XJ noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths. \
J.- . EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
Less Time
To Get There
More Time
To Stay There.
New stage arrangements do away with all waits
on 'he road to
SPRINGS
lake 7 o'clock Bouthern Pacific train for Bt.
Helena. Stage meets you there at 10 a. m. Un-
limited round-trip tickets, S7. Rates, $10 to 914 a
week. Swimming tank, 30x75 feet, rilled up with
naturally warm .ETNA Mineral Water; tub
bams, hotel, clubhouse, recreation of all kinds.
For further Information call at 318 Battery St.,
San 1 ranciseo or address W. L. MITCHELL,
manager. Lldell P. <).. Napa County. Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDKK Nl. W MANAGEMENT.
RATES #2 TO $2 60 PER DAY, $8 TO $14 PER
XV week: all baths tree.
W. H. HARRON, Proprietor.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
resort in State: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and bunting; accommodations first-class; rates
$lOperweek and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARThNS, Bach-
elor P. P., Lake Co., Cal. '
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. HEATH'S
HUNTING, FISHING. .BATHING AND
camping out with the toys, and never had
such a good time before in my life. Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
going Into business again. I tell you that is the
place to go to have a real good time and complete
change. For particulars address A. B. McMATH,
Hullviile, Cal. .
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
X Mountains: hot and cold magnetic baths: hunt-
ing and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets
morning train: terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LIXD3KY, Glenwood, Cal. . ■
ALTAIOHT HOTEL, HOWARDS STATION,
Occideut*!. Sonoma County.
ON THE N. P. C. R. X.. IS NOW THOR-
oughly renovated: good board; clean, sunn/
rooms. Terms -TSH to $8 per week. Special rates
to families. Climate perfect.
DAVID ROBINSON, Proprietor.
URIAH STABLES AM STAGE COMPANY,
\\r H. miller, proprietor, good TUB X-
' » . outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parlies a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, TJkiah, Cal. .Vichy Springs stage mee.s all
trains. Dally stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
drey* P. O. box 22a. ■
piVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OF 1
XX Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishine, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
HOTEL DEL MAR— ON THE SEASHORE; 20
XX minutes' ride (from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled: surf bathing; sailing, row-
ing, fishing: busoa meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week; ad nits, $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F. ■ : , . : :
HOTEL VICTORIA, SONOKA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, . famed for Its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland; altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee. .
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc 'good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co.' Do not address Blue Lakes.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HAXSEN.BeImonu
A TTRACTIVE:. LOCATION: PLEASANT
JTY rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particulars
and terms address box 85, Sevastopol, Sonoma Co.
TIROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE;
1.1 plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
T ONGWOODS, . IDEAL SUMMER RESORT:
XJ send ! for II! ustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.
CYPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM— good ta-
ble: homo comforts. T. H. EP HY. Nana, > ai.
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS,
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley . Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in this city as are supplied with its hydrants.
Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioner*
propose to erect on th» seawall, between Howard
and Mission streets. Ships lying In the stream
will be Informed at the above office, at the time of
making such applications, from what hydrants
their water-boats will . be supplied. Reasonable
notice must be given in all cases, and applications
will be filled at the earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. ami 5 p. M. dally, Sundays and
holidays excepteJ, unless specially contracted
otherwise
By order of the Board of Directors.
PELUAM W. AMES. Secretary.
~~~.  ,- ■ . ■ "~~ ' ' ! ~ ~~- ~"
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds.
rnREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AND COUNTY
1 of Pan Francisco, June 17, 1896.
Holders of Duponi-atreet bonds issued under an
act of '. ho State Legislature entitled, "An act to
authorize the widening of Dnpont street, in the
City of San Francisco," adopted March 23, 1870.
are ht re by notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for surrender of said
bonds, as provided by section 13 of said act, at
his office, in the New Cltv Hall. San Francisco,
until la o'clock noon of TUESDAY, June 80,
If 90.
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said bonds Is about three hundred and seventy-flve
thousand dollars ($375,000). . Bidders will state
at what rate they will surrender tlieir bonds for
payment. less coupons due. No proposals above
par will be considered. . :
Bids to be Indorsed, "Proposals for Surrender of
Du pout-street Bonds." A. C. WIDBKK,
■ • City and County Treasurer.
IRON BEDS.
!«j_j" . _j^ ' BRASS BEOS.
f : *~~~~ , FOLDING BEDS'
r Wire and Hair Mae-
tresses, It ec ! 1 n I n c
Chairs, Wheel Chair*,
1 1 1 1 if Commodes, Back Ht)j:j
1 V fflffflif W - A - SCHROCK,
ry±i \ — Bi —
tkeSZZ Zl ■' ' ' ' lv - Now Montgomery :
*■ ■:>.« C - J r St., under til'aud
w *^ Hotel. fi>. W.
magamau wilcox compound
Tm WIJL,COX COMPOUND
ANSy PILLS
*■*. Rofeand SURE. Always reliable. TMc*
no substitute. For sale by all druggists. Sena
for Woman' s Safeguard. WILCOX SPECIFIC
CO., SOUTH EIOHTHST..PHILADA. . PA,
(» ."PATENTS! J
\»J<^22o MARKET ST.S.F.'^fi^
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker.
Wheat excessively dull.
Otner Cereals also Inactive.
Hay weak and plentiful.
Beans unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Butter in heavy stock and weak.
. hpese and Eggs unchanged.
Vegetables sell at previous prices.
More Eastern Poultry arrived.
Peaches very firm. Apricots steadier.
Dried Apricots moving eastward.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Berries plentiful and very cheap.
Provisions unchanged.
Coinage of the Mint.
The coinage of the loc*l Mint for the past month
nas been as follows:
Doub,e eagles * 1'7J5'5?21 ' 7 J5'5?2 oS
i u,,u. 62.51 U UU
Ha!f eiVleV.'"'. ".'".....! 95.000 00
Standard dollars 300,000 00
g^ 0 "^::::::::::::-:::::::::::::: -vS'nim fin
Dimes. aO.OOO 00
Total 52.216.461 50
The total ior the fiscal year is $24,332,951 60,
divided as follows;
Double eagle* . $21,623,300 00
Eagles . * 610,000 00
eagles 822,000 00
Standard dollars. 1,060,000 00
Half dollars ....' 242,46150
Quarter dollars 65,000 00
Dimes 20,000 00
NEW CI.KABING-HOUSE BULKS.
At ft meeting of the San Francisco Clearing
house on Saturday the following resolution was
unanimously adopted:
resolved, Thai on and after the Ist day of July,
1896, members of this association shall not scud
through the exchanges any checks, sight drafts,
notes, bills of exchange or other items having
thereon any qualified or restrictive indorsement,
such as -'for collection" or "for account of," unless
all indorsements thereon are guaranteed by
the bank, member of the association, sending such
checks, drafts, notes, bills of exchange or other
items.
Any such item sent in violation of the above re
quirements shall be returned directly to the mem
bers from whom they were received, and shall in
all respects be subject to the regulations contained
in article XV of the constitution of the San Fran
cisco Clearing-house.
Also ttie following:
Resolved, That all indorsements in the following
forms are not restrictive, vis. : "Pay to the order
of ," "Pay to or order," or any indorse
ment in blank; that all indorsements in any
other form than above mentioned shall be con
sidered restrictive and shall be specially guaran
teed by the clearing bank. And the guaranty
shall be signed by an authorized officer of the
bank, or by a teller authorized to indorse checks
for Clearing-house purposes.
Depositors are warned that the above resolution
requires "that you specially guarantee all paper
for deposit having restrictive indorsements there
on, and that you indorse the checks, drafts, etc.,
that are free of restrictive indorsements. In
dorsements are considered restrictive that are
. accompanied by the words For Collection." "For
Account of,'- ••For Credit of," "For Deposit," etc.
These new rules take effect July L
Explanation.
Tn» arrow flics with the wind. Tbt top figures
•t station indicate maximum temperature for th*
lays: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and, hundred
Coring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
llaes, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
Ib usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows' 1 usually first appear on tilie Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the intend
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
narked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result-
WEATHEB BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department .of aqbiciti>-
Tt'BE, W.EATHKBBCBEAU, San FRANCISCO, June
29, 1596, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast •
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day;
Eureka 60, Red Bluff 88 san Francisco 62,
Fresno 90, San Luis Obtspo 76, Los Angeles 76,
San Diego 70, Yuma 106.
San Francisco Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 52, mean 57.
The pressure is highest this evening on the
Washington and Oregon coast and lowest In Mon
tana with a second slight depression in Arizona.
Generally clouoy weather is reported from the
plateau region between the Slera an/1 Rocky
.Mountains, with occasicmil thunders onus in
Eastern Oregon and Idaho. Cooler weather is re
ported from this region and nearly stationary tem
perature along the coast.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty-six
hours ending midnight Monday, June 30. 1896:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; brisk north
westerly winds on the northern coast.
southern California— Tuesday; fresh west
erly winds. •
Neva la— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair; slightly cooler Tuesday.
- san Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday; brisk
westerly winds.
W. H. Kahuos, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 29.— During the
greater part of the day, the stork market, 10 put it
mildly, bordered on demoralization. The Inter
views with the leading F.astern Democratic leaders
were mainly responsible for this condition of
affairs, these politicians having practically ad
mitted In interviews' urlnted yesterday that the
free silver men will not only dictate the platform
of the party, but name the candidates. These
statements alarmed timid holders of securities,
and encouraged the bears to make demonstrations
against the list. Professional operators. •> usual,
were the first to discern the uneasiness and ham
mered the list. Long stock came out freely and the
tact was developed that the market was honey
combed with stop loss orders. .
' The May statements of vhe St. Paul and Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy proved to be very unfavor
able, the St. Paul showing a net decrease of 9361.
-130 and the i'.urllngton a deficit of $250,900. Fur
thermore, over 91,000,000 was withdrawn from
the sub-treasury for shipment to Europe, The
poor showing of the granger roads and the unex
pected engaseuaents of go!<* played directly into
the hands of the bear leaders, and this, with the
prominence given the silver question, made it
comparatively- easy work to depress values. The
decline in prices ranged from y» to 414 per cent,
the industrials and grangers scoring the heaviest
lojses. The decline brought in London orders,
and usually ' well-Informed firms with European
connections placed the buying for foreign account
at 40,000 shires. ." ,
The purchases stemmed the downward move
ment for a time and Major McKinley's speech to
the notification committee in which he heartily in
dorsed the platform of the St. Louis convention
also acted as a tonic but In the late afternoon trad-
Ing the market developed renewed weakness and
closed nervous. . Net changes show losses of i/i'a 4
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
Wn fit: LOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
BRANCH OFFICE
623 Market SU, Puface Hotel.: Tel. Main 6828
,1. B. I'I'RDV. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
- tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F. '
CHICAOU tIUVAXJs; WI«K .N'JtW YORK.
per cent, Chicago Gas leading. Total sales were
384,894 shares. Railway and miscellaneous bonds
were weaker in sympathy with the break in the
share list and the speculative issues . scored losses
of %@3 per cent, the transactions- being larger
than of late, footing up JR1, 039,000.
Government bonds were also weak, coupon fours
of 1925 moving off to 116Vs and coupon fives to
113. . . ..
- Grain.
FLOUR— DuII: weak: unchanged. Winter wheat,
low grades, $1 70@2 23; do. fair to fancy, $2 45@
8 46: do patents, $3 50@3 60: Minnesota clear,
$2 40@2 90: do straights, $2 9f>@3 35: do
patents, $3 16©4 20: low extras, $1 70@2 55;
city mills, $4: do patents, $4 20@4 45: rye mix
ture. $2 40 3: superfine, $1 60 (£2 25: fine.
$1 60@2 00. Southern flour dull, weak; common
to fair extra, $2 15@2 70: good to choice do, $2 70
@3. - Rye flour quiet and easy, $2 40@2 80.
CORNMEAL— DuII, easy, yellow Western,
$2 05@2 10: Brandy wine. $2 15.
RYE— Western. 38% cf. a b.
BARLEY— Quiet; 42% cf. o. b.
BARLEY. MALT— DuII : Western, 42@43c.
WHEAT — Dull, weak: Va@%c lower; a b.,
65@G6y a c; ungraded, 573670; So. 1 Northern,
63V c
Options were more active and closed weak at
%@YgC decline on local unloading: weak West
and tree foreign selling: June and July most
active. No. 2 red. Jnne and July. 60Vfec: August,
603,4 c: September, 61^gr; December, 61»/»c
stocks of grain in siore and afloat June 27:
Wheat. 2,527,936: corn. 449,308; oats, 1,621,239.
rye, 1620; barley, 3850: malt, 10,505; peas. 1421
bushels.
CORN— Was l%@iy 2 c lower, closing firmer:
>o. •£. 33s/ 8 c elevator; 3*3/gcafluau
Options were moderately active and weak at . %
@^c decline, following the West and on local re
sizing; September and October most active. June,
333/ 8 July, 33y c; September, 33% C; October,
341/4 C.
OATS— More active; weaker.
Options easier, moderately active. July, 206/sC ;
August, 20c; September, 20y*.c.
Spot prices: No. 2, 21^e; No. 3 white, 22c;
No. 2 Chicago, 22% c; No. A. 20iAc: No. 3 white,
ai^c: mixed Western. 21@22JAC; white do,
2-'(«J6y a c; white State, 22@26VfeC
FEED BRAN-60@52i2C.
MIDDLINGS— 6O@62VaC *
RYE-Feed, 56c.
Provision*.
BEEF— DuII: steady; family, $8 50(259; extra
family, $8 60@9 60. Beef hams easy. $14 50@15.
Tierced beef easy; firm; city extra India mess,
$12@13. Cot meats firm, quiet; pickled bellies,
12 pounds, 4iAc; pickled shoulders, 4Vs®4*4c;
pickled hams, 6@9%c ™* *
LARD— Quiet: weak: Western steam. $4 17%
©4 20; city. $3 75; July, $4 17%. retlned. slow;
continent, $4 45; South America, $4 85; com
pound, 4@4}^c.
PORK- Active, easy; old mess," $7 75®8 25;
new, $8 50@8 75. .
BUTTER— Steady, moderate demand: State,
dairy, 10@15c; do creamery. HV>@l6iAc: Western
dairy, 9@l3c; do creamery, ll"V a a c; imita
tion creamery, ll@l2c.
CHEESK— Quiet, steady; State, large, 6073/10:
do small, s@7c; part SKims, 2®-H/ 2 c; full sKims,
iya@2c.
EGGS— Firm; State ana Pennsylvania, 12@13c:
Western fresh, 10%@12c; do per case, $1 25(a>l 30.
TALLOW — Quiet; weak; city, 3Vi@3S/«c;
country, 3Vi@3%a
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet; nominal. Crude,
20@21c; yellow, prime, 24@°25c; off grade,
* 4 %C
'SlN— Dull; steady; strained, common to good,
$1 90@2.
TURPENTINE— Steady; 25@34c.
POTATOES— Liberal supply; Southern, 95c@$l.
RlCE— Firm: fairly active; domestic fair to ex
tra, 3@534c; Japan, 4@4i.4c.
MOLASSES — demand : firm: New Orleans
open kettle good to choice. 27@37c.
COFFEE— DuII; 20 points down; July, $11 65:
August, $1105: September, $10 65; Octo
ber. $10 16@10 20: December, $10 05: March,
$9 95. Spot Rio quiet; steady: No. 7, 13@13y«c.
SUGAR— Raw dull; steady; fair renning,
3 11-16 c: centrifugal 96 test. 3916 c; refined
auiet, unchanged; off A, 4S/ 2 c; mola A,
5y 8 c: standard A, 4%c; confectioners' A. 4 3-sc;
cut loaf and crushed. sc: powdeied, 5V»c; granu
lated, s c; cubes, 5%c.
Fruit and Produce.
RAISINS— Firmer. Two-crown, 3^@4c: three
crowu, 3%@5c: four-crown, 6@s^c; London lay
ers, $1 50.
APRICOTS— Bags. B^@9VaC
PEACHES— PeeIed, * ib, 12@13c: do unpeeled.
s@Bc.
HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice, 2y 2 a
8c; Pacific Coast. 2V<j@7c. ' ■ ■
WOOL— Moderate demand: firm. Domestic
fleece, 16@23c; pulled, 15@18c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIO IRON— Quiet. American. »10 50013.
COPPER-Dull: lake. $11 50®12. "
LEAD— Steady: domestic *3 02JA@3 05.
TIN-Easy Straits. *13 50@13 55.
PLATES—
brKLTi^K-DuU: domestic $4 05@410.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 29.— Porter Bros.
Company sold California fruit at open auction
to-day as follows: Prunes— Tragedy, $2 SS@H 30;
Kimoni, $ 1 10@2. Pears— Visalia Bartletts, $2 25
($2 70. Cherries— Assorted, 92 15; Royal Anne,
$170@195: half boxes, 85t@$l: Centennials,
$1 40. Plums— Clyman, 80c@$l 75; Bt. Catherine,
85c(3fl 10; Royal Hative, fl. Peaches—Alex
ander, 70c@$l 25: Hale's Early, $1 10. Apricots-
Royals, 6hc@*l 20.
Ihe Karl Fruit Company sold : Cherries— Black
Tartarian, $2 55 $ box; Black Republicans, $1 85
@2 65; Royal Anne, $1 05@2 15: iVapoleon
Higareau. $1 70@l 90. Pears — Bartlett, $1 7d@
180 f box. Plums— clyman, $1 15@1 50 9 per
half crate. Peaches— Alexander. 50c@*l 10 i* box.
Apricots— Royal, 66@95c half crate.
The Producers' Fruit Company sold California
fruit at tbe Consolidated Auction-rooms to-day as
follows: Apricots — 87@90c. Peaches— 7sc<a,sl.
Prunes— Tragedy, 93 05; Burbank, $3 10. Plums
—Royal Hative, $1 1 s@l 25; Uimonl. $1 80; Cly
man, $1 15.
St. LOUIS, Mo.. June 29.— The Producers' Fruit
Company sold California fruit to-day at the Con
solidated Auction-rooms as follows: Apricots—
Royal. 80c@$l. Peaches— Alexander, $2. Plums—
75c@$l. Prunes— Tragedy, $2.
Si. PAUL, Minn., June 29.— The Producers'
Fruit company sold California fruit at suction to
day as follows: Peaches— Alexander, 90c@Sl 05.
Apricots— Royais. $3 @l lfi. Plums— sl 2.*;@l «0-
BOSTON, Mass.. June 29.-The Karl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruits in the Union Auction
to-day at the following prices: Prunes— Slmoni,
$5@5 10 per half crate: Tragedy, $'2 85@i 50.
Plums— Abundance. $2@3 10 per half crate; Cly
mar, $1 90@2 40. Peaches— Alexander, $1 30@
2 10 per box: Brigss' Karly May. 91 30. Apri
cots— Royais, 91 05@l 25 per half crate.
Por" r Bros. Company sold: Prunes— Tragedy,
93 05@3 25. Clyman-?1 60@2 40: Catherines,
$1 3f>@2 40; Royal Hative. $1 6O@l 85; Cherry,
91 31(g,l 70. teaches- Alexander, 91 60@l 60.
Apricots— Royal, 9Cc@sl 15.
PITiSBURG, Pa., June 29.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at open auction to
day, realizing prices as follows: Prunes— 92 2 5@
275 per half crate. Plums— sl@l 50 per half
crate. Peaches— Bsc®9l 25 per box. Apricots—
85c(a$l 20 per half crate.
PHILADKLPHIA, Pa., June 29.-Porter Bros.
Company sold California fruit at auction to-day
as follows: Prunes— Average, 93. Cherries—Aver
age, $2 45. Plums— Average, tl 33. Peaches-
Average, 91 32. Apricots— A verHge, 91 02.
The Producers' Fruit Company sold: Royal
Apricots— 9l 05. Alexander Peaches, 91@1 50.
CHICAGO. 111, June 29.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day
as follows: Prunes— Tragedy. 91 6(i@V 25: Si
moni, 90c@91. Pears— Bartletts, in veniilated
car, 91 30@l 70. Peaches— Alexander, 65c@l 25:
a few sola lower: Hale's Early, $1 20: .Straw
berry. 90c. Plums— Clyman. 70c®9i 35: Koyal
Hatire, 95c@l 15; Apricot, 50c. Apricots — Royal,
75rfe$l: others, 20@60a Apples— ln 10-poiind
boxes, 25c.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, tXMm June 29.-The work of liqui
dation continued in wheat to-day, and the result
was decidedly detrimental to values. Had there
been anything on which the bulls could have hung
their hones probably the inclination to dispose of
the;r property would not have been so great, but
there seemed to be nothing containing the least
encouragement. Before the opening curb trading
was at fractional reductions from Saturday's close,
due to receipts in the Northwest, which were
heavy. 611 cars arriving, asalnst 586 last Monday
and 264 a year aco. Chicago received 14 cars and
inspected out 16,582 bushels.
1 The announcement of a decrease of but 959,000
lushels in the visible supply did not tend to im
prore matters. Liverpool cables were quiet and
unchanged. Closing Continental cables were all
lower. The Knglish visible <tipplv increased 460
-000 busiiels and Liverpool stocks were 26£.0D0
bushels larger than on last Monday. The world's
shipments for last week amounted to 7,84.'»,000
bushels. The amount on ocean passage decreased
1,520.000 bushels. Export clearances were fairly
large at 401,033 bushels. Seprember wheat
opened from 65% cto 65y 2 (ffiss%c, declined to
55c, closing at 55Vic, C/ 8 c umler Saturday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow, 31 cars.
CORN — Was dominated by the weak tone of
wheat, although as a matter of fact there was no
essential eeason for anything better in the direct
situation. Receipts were heavy at 489 cars, and
342. 86U bushels were withdrawn from store.
Liverpool cabies were quiet. The visible sopply
de.-ri ased 610,000 bushels, aud the amount on
ocean passage increased 320,000 bushels. Rus
sian and Unnubian shipments last wnek were
460.000 bushels. Export clearances amounted to
200.743 bushels. September corn opened at 27% c,
declined to '-'7s/ B e, closing at 27yj@276/ B e, s/ B @'i,,,c
under Saturday. Estimated receipts for io-aio~r
row 700 cars.
OATS — As UlO olher grain markets moved so
did oais. Lower prices prevailed gen- rally. Rela
tive to the prevailing low standard it is note
worthy that, per tou. bay Is more valuable than
oats Receipts to-dny were 315 cars, and 484,. r >99
DusheU were taken from more. The visible sn >-
ply increased 320,000 bushels. Fxport clearance*
amounted to 2^0.668 bushels. September oats
closed V'jC per bushel lower. Estimated receipts
ior to-morrow 430 cars.
FLAX— Was weak. Cash, and July, "7Vic:
September, 78@79c; December, 81c. Receipts 30
cars.
PROVISIONS— The hog market wsa the factor
In product. The arrivals of the live animals wag
in excess of the expectations »nd prices dropped
111 consequence. Provisions adopted the same
course. Business was moderately active for a
short -.\ i.lle after the start, but it did not take loug
to execute the initial orders and trade then became
dull and uninteresting. On covering by shorts
later In the session price* rallied to the full extent
of the early loss. September pork closed 5c higher
than saturJay. September lard and ribs un
changed.
BU l'TER— The butter market bad an easy un
dertone to It to-day. Stocks were heavy and tbe
demand was restricted.
Creameries-Extras. 14y a c: firsts, 13@14c;
seconds. 10(aS12c: imitations, fancy. 12c, Dairies-
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles—
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
Extras, 10@10y a c; firsts, B^@9c; packing stock,
}«c: roll, 6®7&. '"■"- - ;■■■ W> WiMlU.'nit&wni\m
EGGS— Were fairly active and firm. Receipts
were moderate and the demand good. I Fresh stock <
sold at lO@llc i* dozen. • ' ; :
.'MONEY— Was 6@e\ on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange was quoted at 65c '
premium. . .
. . Cloning: Prices. -
WHEAT— June. 53»ic: July, 53%@53f/ 8 c; Sen
tember, 55i/ic $ ■ . '
CORN— 263/s3; July, 265/« c ;". September.
27% c; May, 29% c. '
OATS— July. 16(g»15y 3 c; September, 15^c;May,
18y 8 ",
irvjßK— July, $7: September, $7 15. ]
LARD— JuIy, $3 87%; September, *4 02y 3 .
KIiJS-July, $3 621^; SeptemDer, $3 80.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. Ir.i».,Jnne 29.—
supply of cattle on sale to-day was moderate. The
de and was good and prices ruled stronger. The
supply of hogs was large. Prices were weak, neavy
stock bom,' about &c lower. Common lots of sheep
were weak, but other sorts held firm. The offer
ings were fair and the demand good. i
CATTLE — Receipts. 16,000. Fancy beeves.
$4 50@4 60; choice to prime, 1300 to 1800 pound
steers. $4 30@4 45: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. $4 00(34 25: medium steers, 1000
to 1600 pounds, $3 80f«3 95: common to lair steers.
950 to 1300 pounds. $3 60(33 75: feeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. «3 60@3 85 : common to choice
stocKers. $2 65(^3 50: bulls, cnoice 10 extra. $2 80
(93 25; bu Is, , poor to choice, $2 (g» 2 75;
cows and heifers, extra, $3 76@4 00; cows,
fair to ctiolc«, $2 "iO.oC'J 50: cows, common to fair
tanners'. $1 25&12 25: calves, good to choice.
$4 t!oi<t(s 25: caves, common to good, . $4@4 50;
Texas fed steers, $3 10(&4: 'lexas cows, bulls ana
oxen, $1 90@2 85; milkers ana springers, per head,
$20@40.
' HOGS— Receipts, 42,000. Heavy packlne ana
shipping lots, $2 95(33 25: common to choice
mixed. S3 05(&3 40: choice assorted. $3 50(3)3 55;
light, $8 25@3~ 60; pigs, $2 76®3 60. : -
BHKtr- Receipts. 14,000. interior to cnoice,
$2(B4; lambs, $346 60.
NEW \UKK STOCKS.
Bonds. Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. '>'i-'.; '•:
Money on call firm at 1@1%@3%; last loan at
2%%; closing offered at 2i^%. Prime mercantile
paper. 6@5^%. Bar - sliver, 68"/ B e. Mexican dol
lars, 53^@64%c. Sterling Exchange steady, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87@4 ri7Vi
for 60 days and $4 BH@i >iRI/a for demand. Posted
rates, $4 86@4 89- Commercial bills, $4 86@4 86y 3 .
Government bonds have been lower: Slate bonds
have been quiet; railroad bonds have be : n easier.
Silver at the board was firm. j
CLOBIXU STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable.... 91 (Norfolk A Westrn. 3%
Atchison 13%%\ Preferred 8V 2
Preferred 19»/i Northern Pacific... 83/ 4
Adams Express 146 I Preferred 163/ g
Alton, Terre Haute 68 iNorthwestern 100
American ExpressllO ! Preferred 148
American Tonacco. 623^iN. Y. Central 95s/ 8
Preferred 96 N.Y..ChicagoA-S.L. 12
Bay State Gas 22 Ist preferred 70
Baltimore A Ohio.. 17 2d preferred 28
Brunswick Lands.. Vn N. V.A N. H. 171
buffalo, Roch AP. 18 N. Y. A New Eng. 48
Canada Pacific 69% N. V.. Susq A W... ny^
Canada Southern.. 48V2J Preferred 21%
Canton Land SOT^'Ontarlo 11
Central Pacitic 14 Ontario A Western 13' i
Ches. A Ohio j.4y 8 Oregon Improvmnt y»
Chicago Alton 155 Preferred
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. A Q 723/g Oregon Short Line. 63/ 8
Chicago AE. 111... 41 Pacific Mail 2iy a
Preferred 99 Peoria, D.A Evans I*6
ChlcagoGas 61^4'iPlttsburg A W. pfd 15
CleveA PUtßbnrg..lß4 Pullman Palace.... 153
Consolidation Coal. 32 'Quicksilver lyg
Consolidated Gas.. l. r >4V2, Preferred 13
C. C. C. A St. Louis 29 Reading 13%,
Preferred. 75 RloGrandeAWestn 15
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 22y a Preferred 40
Preferred 100 !«ock Island 66
Cotton Oil Cert 9y2,Rome WatAOgaen.ll4y 3
Commercial Cable. I*s jst. L. AS. W 4
Del. Hudson 124V2' Preferred 9^s
Del. Lack A Westrn. 182 St. Paul 74
Denver AR. G 12V r Preferred. 127^
Preferred 46% St. Paul A Duluth. 18
Distillers 13y 3i3 i Preferred 85
General Electric... 27-Ih St. Paul A Omaha. 40 y%
Erie I«%| Preferred 124
Preferred 32y a Bt. P. M. A M 11l
Fort Wayne 160 jsiiver Certificates. 695/»
Great Northern pfdll* Southern Pacific... 18
Green Bay y» Soutnern R. R HSfcfe
Harlem 294 | Preferred 25%
Hocking Coal 1 Sugar Refinery 110
Hocking Valley 15y a Preferred lOU/s
Homestake. 33y 8 Term. Coal A Iron. 20%
H. A Texas Cent. . . ] Preferred 90
Illinois Central »2y 2 ;Texas Pacific 7*4
lowa Central 7V2TOI.A.A.A N.Mich.
Preferreo 30 jTol. <S Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas... 103/ i, Preferred 70
Preferred 22 Tol.st.LouisA K.C. 5
KingstonA Pern... 3 Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Westn 17 Cnion Pacific 6%
Preferred. 67Va U. P. I'en A Gulf.. 2y a
Lake Shore 150 Vg U. S. Coraage 4T/ 8
National Lead 2'-'%| Preferred 9y^
I'referred 84%| Guaranteed 19
Long Island 74 V a l f . 8. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 47% Li- «• Leather 7
Louisville. Na A Ch BV3 Preferred 56%
Preferred. 18 U. S. Rubber 15
Manhattan Consol.lOOS/s Preferred 73 Vi
Memphis A Charts. 16 ,Utica AB. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 9 ;Wab. s. L A Pac.. 6V4
Michlga" Ceniral.. 96 | Preferred 15%
Minn A a L. iWells-Fargo 96
Preferred Western fnion 82 "/g
Minn A St. Lcom. 16V4Wisconstn Central. 1^
Ist preferred 77 I Wheeling AL. E.. BV3
2d preferred 40 | Preferred 33
Missouri Pacific... 2U3/ g ;Am Cotton Oil pfd. 60iA
MobileAOhlo 19i/ 4 !\V. U. Beef ly,
Nashville A Chatt. 68 ,Aun Arbor 8
National Linseed.. 171^ Preferred 24
N. J. Central 102 ! Brooklyn Traction. 12
North 4merican ... 4V a Erie 2d pfd 19
CXOBINB BONDS.
U 84s, registered.. 108y 2 IM X T 2ds.. 67
Do 4s. c0up0n.... 109%| Do 4s 82
U S4s new, regstrdlli 5 Mutual Union 65... 114'
Do 4s, coupon llOs/a'N J Cent Gen 65.. 1-0
■Do 'is 94%'NorthernPac
Do 113 I Do2ds 110^
10 ss. coupon 113 Do 3d 3 67
Cherokee 4s, 1898.100 Northwest Consols.l 4o
Do 1897. ..'.......10U I Do deb 5s 110
Do 1898 10:> !O KA -\ lsts. 112^
Do 1899. ..;... 100 StL&lronMtGen 77
Pacific -Jsof '95.... St L A S F Gen 110
DC3-65s 10»i/ 4 St Paul Consols. ... 1 3214
Ala Class A 45.....10S St PCA Pa ls:s;..110
Do Class 84, 55.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts. .110
La Consol 4s. Southern RR 65... 92y
Missouri fund Ing... Texas Pacific lsts. 8334
N Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 19V*
Do 4s 100 Union J'ac lsts '96.1041 .
So Carolina 4i^s... 106 West Shore 45...... 107
Term new 3s 80 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 64
Va undine dent... 58 |R Grande West lsts 76y a
Do registered Ches&Ohio 5s 107
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchison 45... 78
Do trust rcptsst. 6 Do2dsA.. SBI4
CauadHSou;h2ds..lo6 GHASA 6s .. ..101
Cen Pkc lsrsof '9s.lo2y i D02d75..... J»7y-
DenAP. Gist 1 113/ 8 !h A Tex Cent 55.. 109
Do 4s. 903/4 Do con Os 100
Erle2ds. 65 Reading 4s 783, i
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri 6a. 100
Ks Pa lsts Den diving
iOKEIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IK LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL En«.. Jane 29.— The spot market
is quiet at 5s 2y 2 d^)ss 3y 2 d. Cargoes dull at 265,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FI7TUBKB.
Tne Produce Exchange cableglves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June
4s9Vfcd: July, 4s 9^d: August, is 9y 2 d; Septem
ber, 4a 9y s d: October, 4s 9y a a.
SECURITIK3. §
LONDON, Eno., June 29.— Consols. 113 5-16
-silver. 31%'!; French Rentes. 100.' 85c. Bullion
into Bank of England, £109,000.
EXCHANGE AND. BUI-LION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 «fl
Sterling Cables — 4 b{H/j
New York Exchange, sight — 12y
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16 '
Fine silver, $ ouuee — 68%
Mexican Dollars ;.■ 54Vi - 54%
:-V-'/,-"i ■ . m ...
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— continue to decline and the
market is excessively dull. • Na 1, • 92V 2 @93%c;
choice, »s@96 i^c; lower grades, 87%@90c; extra
choirs lor milling, $l@l 10 ft ctl. '
■ "ALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Skssion— 10 o'clock— December—
300 tons. 96c: 100, 9py&c; :^f!o. 96y*c: 100, 96V20.
Hw.ruß Monxi.vii >kssiox— December— bOO
tons, 963/se: 1000, »«3,4c; 600, 9t>y,c; 12U0. 9tin,,c.
Afternoon - MSBOIOM — December — MOO tons,
965/ 8 c; 2100.96»/ic; 100, 967 /B e. Seller '96, new,
storage paid— loo, S^c. • '
BAHLEV— Dull, weak and unchanged. Feed,
67y a @68%c; choice bright, 70c; Brewing, 75@80c.
CAt,L BOARD KALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales. •' '
Kkoi:i.ar ■ Morning Session— December— loo
tons, 6814 c. • "• •;>--.'.-• - ■;- •
afternoon SESSION— No sales.' ' .'.....
OAT--Milllng. : 87^!@9Oo; fancy Feed, 90@
92Vscf»ctl; good to choice. 81-JA@9oc; common
to fair, 77y 2 «£B2y a c; Gray, 80@85c; Surprise, 95c
(ftJfl 02 2 . • '.'-" '■■■"■ . "„. ■•-•"■
CORN— Choice Yellow, suitable for milling, is
firm, but-otherwise the market is dull.-. Large Yel
low, 90@95c: Small Round do, 97y a c@*l; White,
"ny*%.ii\zc % ctl. : , . .
RYE— 72y @7sc $ ctl. ;'. '-'.. '■ ' '■'
Bt!CKW±I£;AT-85@90C 9 CM.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The China , steamer took out .16,443
barrels. . Net '• cash ' prices . are: Family : extras,
$3 75@3 85 V bbl; Bakers' ' extras, $3 55@3 tis:
superfine, $2 75@3. ■*%BgHSt$MMt
■ CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $19 50@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 Bo@2l * ton. . „••
M ILLSTU FFS— Prices In 10- Ib - sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: . Graham Flour,
284 c: Rye Flour, 31,40 ; nice Flour, 7%c; Corn
-1 meal, £%@3c; • extra cream do, :. 3y 3 c; Oatmeal,
3%c: Oat, Groats, 4i /2 c; Hominy, 4fo4Vic; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked heat, 3y 8 c; Farina,
4 Vic; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats, 4Vic;
Pearl Barley, ; ! 4%c; Spilt Peas, 4%c; Green do,
"VAC * tb. .. ; « •:....;,..
HAY AND 1 FtEUSTUiFs. :
BRAN-SI 6 50 13 ton.
MIDDLINGS— f>o@lß 50 ft', ton U for ■ lower
grades and 819@20 1» ton for the best. ' v !.-
FKEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15 50@16; ' Oil
cake Meal 1 at • the mill. $21 per ion; jobbing, $22:
Cottonseed Oilcake Is out of market. •'- -■■. .-/-'?-
HAY— Is weak at the low price*, with continued
liberal receipts. 'New Wheat Is quotable at $7 50
@10; New Wheat and Oat. *7@9: new Oat, $6@B;
new Barley, $5@7 50; second cutting of Alfalfa, $6
(c&6 50 : new Clover, $t>@B. Old Hay is quoted at $7
(fell 60 f* - ton ' for Wheat and $B©lo for com
pressed Wheat. '• ".. ,^r'- ' , -:
STRAW— 2O@4Oc bale. '
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayo; - 07%; Small Whites, $1 15
@1 30: Pea, 81 20@l 35: Large Whites, 90c@?l 05;
Pink, 85@92%c; Keds, $1 25: Blackeye, nominal;
Red Kidney, nominal; Limas, $2 35<ai2 65: But
ters, $1 25@1 40 for small , and $1 '-'6(3,1 60 for
large. . . ■ • ;
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 60@
225 $ ctl: Trieste, $2@2 60 ctl : Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40®l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary, 23^c
•$ Ib; Alfalfa, 7Va@9y %i Ib; Ripe, 2y a c » to;
Hemp, Sy 2 cl» lb.
* DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 "$ Ctl for Niles and
$1 25@1 45 for Green. /
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES
POTATOES— Trices show no material changes.
New Garnet Chiles are quotable atßoc@sl: new
Peerless, - 75@90c; new Early Rose, In sks, 75c@
$1; new Early Rose In boxes, 75c@$l 25; new Bur
bank Seedlings, $I@l 40; Oregon P.urbanks, 66@
86c; Humboldt Btirbanks. 60@70c "$ ctl.
ONIONS— White. 25(a50c; Red, 15@25c V ctl.
VEGETABLES— There w«s not much change in
quotations. Green Corn, 50c@$l 26 *> sk: Alamena
Corn, $1 50@2 crate: Summer-Squash. 26@40c
for hay: Egg Plant, 3 0@l 2 Vic: Tomatoes, 92 o()@i
3 i* box: Cucumbers. 50c(a,Sl 25: Alameda Cu
cumbers, $1 25(5)2: Asparagus, 3ii<(a-$l; Rhubnro.
25@50c: Dried Peppers, 6@l2VjC »*. Ib: Cireen Pep
pers, 12Vi@15c%) tb: Green' Peas. 50c(a»$l iS sack
for common and 2@2',-i^ "¥ tb for Garden: String
Beans, 2@4c for common and 6@6c for Garden;
Dried Okra, ll'%c; Cabbage, 46@50c %* ctl ; Uar
lie, 2@3c%* tt».
BUTTER, t H j:ESK AND EGGS.
BUTTER -Stocks were very heavy and the mar
ket was' decidedly weak. Trade continues very
dull. •
Creamery— Fancy, ■I4i/ 2 @l6c; seconds, 14c;
* Ib.
Dairy— Fancy, 13@l3^c; good to choice, 12®
12V 2 c; lower grades, Il@llV»c.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 6@6V 2 c; common
to good. 5(8)5 y 2 c: Cream Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, 7@Bc V lb; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
I2@i2y 3 c.
EGGS— No change whatever. Farallon Eggs, 17
@18c; Oregon, 10c; Eastern Eggs. l(<©l2c: store
Eggs, 10 V*2@12c: ranch Eggs, 12@15c; Duck Eggs,
12Vi314c %<. ctoz. - ■ -
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at $5 50@6
for Hens and $4 76@5 for old Roosters.
Local stock was dull and nominal with insignifi
cant receipts.
Live Turkeys,. 12@lSc for Gobblers, ll@l2c for
Hens; Geese, '■•"& pair, 76c@Sl : Ducks. $S@3 60
for old and S3 50@)5 %> doz for young: Hens. $4@
5: Roosters, young, $6 50(a,8; do, old, $4@4 60
f» doz: Fryers, $5@6 50; Broilers, $3(54 for large
and S2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25(51 50 '■$ doz
for young and old.
li a ME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apricots were rather steadier. Peaches were
very firm.
Arrivals of Cherries were almost nil, selling at
85c$$l 25 %1 box for Black, and 85c@$l for Royal
Anne. ■ ■
Peaches, 50c@?l "^ box. and 60(890c ¥ basket.
Plums, 40©75 c t* . crate and 26(gibi)c 't* box.
Cherry Plums, 25@40c box.
Apples, 25@50c small box and 40c@$l f>. large
box. .: ' "' ■.. ■ ' i ■: ■■:.' '::- :,
Pears nominal— hardly any coming in.
Royal Apricots, V:l)@.»Oc f. box, 3&@sOc i* crate,
15@:-Soc 'f, basket and $15@20 ?', ton In bulk;
Moorparks, $22 50 %i ton. ' - '
Figs, 35@50c "t> box for single and 60@85c box
for double layers. -
BERRIES— AII kinds were lower and the total
receipts were' n- arly ISOO chests.
. Receipts of Strawberries were 1111 Chests. selling
at $3@5 '$ chest for long worths and $2@3 for large
berries.
Raspberries, : $3@5 '$ chest. .
Blackberries, $2@3^ chest.
Currants, $3@4 50 f chest.
OHAl'Es— Thompson's Seedless from Ynma sold
at $2 V crate. . r-j. i .•
CITRUS FRUITS— $;@2 50 V box for
Seedlings, $3 fiO@4 for Navels, and $2 50@3 50 #
box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1 50
@2 for common and $2 50@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6Ca)ii 60: .bananas, $l@2st bunch: j
Pineapples, $1&* '%: dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, ICAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
PRIED FRUITS—
About 10 cars new Apricots have gone East at 7
@8c t, o. b. California. These prices represent the
market at present.
, Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots— Apples, lV2@2c i». Ib for quar
tered. 2c for sliced ana ~ 4(s4 I>jc1 >jc lor evaporated;
Peaches, c@sc and 6c for fancy; ADricots, 6Va© 7 c
for nrlme to choice. B@9c for. fancy and lllWUc
lb for fancy MoorpaiK; Figs, ' black, 2VijC for nn
pres«ed; White Fh;s, 4c In sacks; Pears, 7c fl Ib
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c 1? Ib for quarters; j
Prunes, 3@3Vic; Plums. 3Vic »* Ib for pitted and
lV2@2c for unfitted: Nectarines,' ay 3 r<«sc %( Ib for
prime to choice and .' i. a i- for fancy
Jobbing " Prick: 11 — n.voporatdn apples. 4(a 'C
■ »>: huu-dried, 1 Vis's 2c: Peaches. 2 te.V-. ana He ,
; for fancy; peeled in boxes,l2VsC IS Ib; Prunes, 3Vic
for four sizes, 4Va c for 40@50's and 4c tor j
50<&60's; Apricots, • 7@9c - lor prime to choice, i
10(a,ll for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3 Vic: :
White Figs, 3<ijse: Pears, 8c 1* Ib for evapo rated j
halves and 4@7 : yic for quarters: Plums, 3Vi@4c
for pitted and l(a,lV2 c for unpltled; Nectarines, i
4@sc V B> for prime to choice.
- RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f. I
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; ■ 3-crown, 1
loose, 3c: 2-crown. 2'/a c V Ib: seedless sultanas, |
8c: seedless Muscatels, l^c: 3-crown London lay- |
era, 70c V box: clusters, $1 35@1 50; Dehcaa clus- ,
ters, »2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60(52 75.
. Jobbixo Prices— Four-crown loose, none: 3- !
crown, .. :^@"ii/ic fi Ib; 2-crown. 3c. Seedless Sul
tanas. 4c »>- Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown |
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, $1 50©l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $- 50; Imperial clusters, $2 75.
NUTS — Quotations are* as follows: Wal- '
nuts, 9@llc for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c %* lt> for
paper-snell, jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7Vic for
Languedoc and H\-U(g.'\Oi: for paper-shell, jobbing;
Peanuts, 6@6V^c Vtt> for Eastern and for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts. s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough j
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts, ,
tt@lo<- V Ib: Cocoannts. $4 5f%0 *$ 100.
HONEY -Comb 10@12y 2 c > Ib for bright and 8 ;
<S9c ¥ Ib for lower grades; water-white extracted, I
s@si/ac Ib: light amber extracted, 4Vi@4 ! }ic; j
dark amber, 4c; dark. 'J@3a ■.
BEESWAX— 2S<&i7VS»o ¥* lb.
PKO VISION'S.
No change to report. . ,  . , -
CURKD MEATS— Bacon, Is quotable at 6c ?
Ib for heavy, 7c "jR Ib for light medium, 9c % tb for
light,' 10c for extra llcht and 12c $ Ib for sugar
curia: eastern Sugar-cured Ham-. HMi@l2c »l tt>: I
California Hams, 9@loc ~$ it. : Mess Beef, S7(&8: 1
extra mess 'do. $8 506b9: family do. $10: extra |
prime Pork, ?B@B 50; extra clear. $14 %* bbl; !
mess, $12 50® 13 'if. bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c "r* It..
LA UK— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 5V4f. f> . Ib |
for compound and 614 c for pure; pnils. 7c fl Ib:
Cali.oruia tierces. 4%c for compound mil Cc tor
pure; half-bbls. 6Vic: 10-lb tins, 7c; do 5 lb, IV^. j
COTTOLENE— (S@BV.ic in tierces and @7 yßcy 8 c !
iia>inlO-Ibiini. _______ |
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
BIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers. 7@ 1
71/2 %< Ib: culls and brands. 6@6y«c H Ib: medium,
6&6V2C. 9 Ib: culls and brands. s ©sVise5 Vis c i» Ib: light, \
be: culls and branas, 4c; Cowhides, 5@5V 2 c: culls j
and brands. 4@ 1 yy 2 c: salted Kip, 5c %t Ib: salted ;
Calf, 7@Bc: salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 10V 2 @llc: i
cullsand brands, H@BViiC: dry Kip and Veal, B(a>yc: ,
mil!). 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, i
'Jo(is3sc each: Kids, - 6c: UoerskiiiK. good Hummer.
30c: - medium. 16@.25c: : winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings, fora 15c each; short wool. '.'i. (Si
3&c each: medium. l(K*soc each; long wools, 50@
600 each. Culls of all kind* about yy 2 c less.
TALLOW— Xo. 1. rendered. 3 3 Vie: No. 2.
8c: refined. 5y 2 @5%c: Grease, '1 1 / Hi.
WOOL— Valley 1 regoi. is quoted .it. 9(£10V.,c; do 1
lower grades. B@9>^c Ib;. Nevada, 6Coi9o> Ib;
San Joaquin aud southern Coast, six mouths, 4@6c;
ban. Joaquln. ioothlli, good to choice, 7&8e: San
Joaquiu, year's lleocc, -iy (a.tji/ 2 c; uorlueru free,
7@9c:do defective, s@6y«c i Ib.
iiOPS— Nominal at iy ®3c %4 tt>.
GKKJEJtAIi MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Hairs, spot, 94 25: San
Quentln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24Va@-'6J/2C
COAL—Wellington,' $8 "ft ton; New Wellington, !
$8 %>. ton: f-outhtield \Vtlllns;ton. 37 50 f, ton;
Seattle, $6@5 50; Bryant," $5; Coos Bay, $4 50: !
Wallsend, $7: - Srotcn, #7 00; Brymoo. *7 60: i
Cumberland, $ll@rj in bulk and $l*g*l4 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg«, $11-50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: Cannel, $7-50: Rock Springs, 1
Castle • Gate and Pleasant . Valley. $7 60: coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $13 *$ ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Keflnerv Company
Quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered i
and Fine Crushed, all 8 c; Dry Granulated, 6Viu;
Confectioners' A, 5y 8 c: Magnolia A. 4S/ 8 c: Extra
C. 4V 2 c: Golden c, 43 /(L -; half-barrels, y*c more
than barrels, aDd boxes y e more.
. SYKUV—Uolden, in bbls. 16c; Black Strap, 10c
T gaL . _
. ; KKCEIPTS OF .PKODUCE. :
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour.or. stts... 14,823 Bran, sks 2,330
.Knsenada 400 Hay. ions 616
Oregon .... 11. 33h Straw, t0n5...... 16
Washington.... 5.V3U Butter, ctls. 98
Wheat, ctU .... 9,570 Cheese, ctU...... 26
0rec0n... ....... 2,»70 Kggs. doz 4,590
Washington.... - 1,680 Hides, n0... ..... :iO
Burlej.cUs... ... 2,7 19 felts, bd15.. ...... 65
0at5......... 145 Wool, bis...: 423
0re50ti..... ;..■... 2,511 -Oregon, 5k5..... e9
Washington.... 720 Wine, 5a15........ 62,600
Beans, 5k5.;;..... I,l 2o Tallow, c.is .. • 2.<
Corn, ctls...:; 691 Lime, bbls 81
Rye, ctls 1.005 Leather, r011...... 291
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,956 Quicksilver, flslcs 50
0reg0n..... 18' i Lumber. M feet.. ; 60
Onion* sks. 497 Feed, aim 35
Middlings.sks... Btjg ■ -
SAN FRANCISCO MISAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaughter
ers are as follows: • '
BEEF— First quality, sc; second 0.0, 4 »<i@t%c:
third do, 3y a @4c Ih.- - •-.--- • • '*
y.^ L^^ f,': < *@sc; small, s@6c ?» ib. . ; ■.
SU. I 'TON- Wethers. 6@sVacr Ewes, 4®4y»c
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 0(95 i.*c 3 ft,.
*i^£~V' Ye K °. ' 31 /B@3i/ 4 c «ib for large and
3Mi® dy 8 c for iniaU and mediums dressed do, iVi
@53^c. ■ 1 ...... "
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Crocker Estate Company to James K. Fraser,
lot on W line of Shrader street, 60 S of Waller, S
15 by W 106:3; $10.
David D. Houston to Thomas Sweeney, lot on
NE corner of Valencia and Hermann streets, E
71, N 49:11>y 8 , W 68:8 s /i. N 49:10V5: ?">.
Alfred Uniorth to Rudolph J. Tamsig. lot ou E
line of Valencia street, 210 Sof Nineteenth, S 26
by B 80 : $10.
Anastasia (or Ann) Tobln to Isabella F. Schott-
I ler, lot on SW line of Rltch street, 200 8E of Fol
| som, SE 25 by SW 75 : $10.
William H." Clary to A. P. Hotaling, lot on E
line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 150 f» of C street, E
119:1, S 30 dee. 34 mln., W 214, N 177:5; $20
A. P. and Lavina J. Hotaling to Louis Metzier.
lot on E line of Thirtv-flfth avenue, 150 sof C
street, S 360 by E 120:' $5.
William H. and Lulu E. Chapman to same, lot
on N E corner of D street and 'J hirty-fif ih avenue,
E 3 20 by N 100; $5.
Caroline Haas to Charles A. Laton, lots 24 and
27, block F, Park Lane Tract, map 4; $1.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
J. W, and C. A. Laymance to Frank H. Pollard,
lot on S line of Railroad avenue. 75 E of of Cheter
street, E 25 by S 100, belne lot 28. block 494, Oak
land; $10.
Carrie Jacobson to town of Berkeley, lot at S
line of Woolsey street with center line of urove
street, extended S. thence W4O, S 68:8Vi. E 40, N
68:814 to beginning, being portion of block 3, map
! of property of A. B. Mxon at Alcatraz station, to
be used for public highway, Berkeley; 675.
I Same to same, lot on SK line of Nineteenth aye-
I nue. 60 Wof East Fifteenth street. SW 40 by siE
75, block 21, San Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
s. T. and Martha E. Alexander to H. P. Bald
win, lot on SE corner of Union and Twenty -eighth
streets, S 62:6 by E 108:3. Oakland: also lot on E
line of Union street, 85:6 S of Twenty-eighth, S
50, E 133:3, N 25, W 25, N 26, W to beginning,
Oakland: also lot on W line of Magnolia street,
110:5 8 of Twenty-eighth, S 100 by W 133:3, Oak
land; $10.
Myron A. and Mary A. Whldden to J. H. T.
Watkiuson, lots 32 and 34, map of Piedmont
Tract, Oakland Township: $5.
E. J. and Rita G. Stanton to Patrick W. Rlordan,
lot on N line of County rond (Haywards road) to
Roberts Landing where same intersects E line of
lands of Ferria, thence N 126 by E 70, to bo used
for erecting a Catholic church, Eden Township; $5.
Joseph and Margaret W. Keiler to John Bolemi,
lot on N line of Linden Lane, 200 Eof Cherry
street, E 89:6, N 137,103^. W 107:2, S 136:9 to
beginning, being lots 103 and 104, Map of Temes
cal Park, Oakland Township; $10.
C. H. Heyden to L. M Hyden. lot on N line of
Parsons street, 250 E of San Pablo avenue, E 60 by
N 91, being lot 21, block D, Gaskill Tract, Oakland
Township: gift.
James E. Clark to T. F. Dyer, lot on E line of
Euclid avenue, 42 8 from S line of Ridge road, S
47.15 by E 125. being lot 6 and S 7.15 feet of lot
7, bock 11, Daley's Scenic Par* Tract, Berkeley:
$10.
Thomas B. Wright to Mary J. Storck, lot on 8
line of University avenue, 50 W of Fifth street, W
50 by S 100, beini lot 4, block 94. tract B, Berke-
I ley Land and Town Improvement Association,
I Berkeley; $10.
A. R. and Ella M. Dow to Anna M. Kelley, lot
on N line of East Fourteenth street. 554:9 W of
Adeline. W 28 by N 336, being portion of lot 8,
block C, revised map Oak Tree Farm Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
John Anderson to Mary, wife of J. J. Roggen,
lot on W corner of Harmanand Semtnarv avenues,
NW 123 by SW 108, being lots 1 to 4. Map of
Seminary-avenue Tract, Brooklyn Township, quit
claim deed; $10.
John M. Diaz (by commissioner) to R. s. Farrelly.
lot on S corner of block 44, thence SE 1.' .42 chains
by NE 3 24 chains, town of San Leandro, Eden
Township: also lot en SW corner of Wl.liams and
I Alvarado streets, S 300 by E 115:6, town Of San
I Leandro, Eden Township; $8739.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L Silverstein, Toronto J Haverston, Santa Cruz
C F Barnes. Caiadero Mrs R D Dudlr, f.s Gatos
| P L Flanlsan, Reno R C Waikins Livermore
j J FHtnkdtw. Livermore O A Lowe, WoO'llrtrid
H Lagan, San Rafxel B T McCullough. Cal
O Geisendorf. Diamond G Phillips, Sacramento
Springs J H Manstlelrt^w.Qulncy
J J linnan. San Jose Mrs U Overmyer, Ohio
Mrs A Cameron, Chicago E Hand, Oakland
J Sullivan, Willows R C Lane & f, Chicago
Miss L Harris. Pasadena A Emmett. San Rafael
Dr Gibson, San Rafael B C Hurd. Minneapolis
Miss Dfvenilorf, eureka W Wallace, Eureka
| T Oately. Chicago X O Taylor, Chicago
I F L Coomß, Napa F UolsiQger.Kansas City
j Miss Small, Hollistfr Miss Lucas, Watsonvllle
Mrs Small, Holllster J W Ragsdßle, S Cruz
W Eastman, Hollister J Bowie, We-.ivervi!le
W I Hupp Jr, Cal A Brirteeman. Boston
Miss Brldgeman. Boston J (1 Thompson. Mass
Mrs H Beckiin, 3erkeley Miss li Wright, Berkeley
5 E Eugene, Cal T M Johnson, N V
R X Johiifon. NY L Qulnlan, Victoria
X McKarland&w.Evrett Miss I M Mortimer, Pe
j F H Plumado. El Dorado attle
, Fred Mason, Sacto Dr B MGill, Dunsmuir
B s Trublln, Shasta Spgs R S Taylor, Yreka
r> D Dodson, Red Bluff W H Wilson, Merced
M E Slussrr, Fulton J ( Clure, Los Angeles
C M McLouth. N V F Cesc'ii, Corralitos
i. .\ Bridgford, ( olusa GS McKenzle, Napa
1 s L Cohoon, Sacio C A McCaniar. Sacto
J B Troutnjan, Chicago Mrs RClemeshire. Pleas-
Mrs M X Dollard, Pleas- anton
amon J I) Bi-adley, Merced
j G U Dowtiie. Fulton H P Nye, « ai
A R McKinley. Toronto RCorlett, Napa
T L Carnthers. Ukiah Dr F F Wlllsey, Ft Bragg
O a Sturt*. vant, L'kiah a B Baer. Cloverdale
! L Van Dusen, L'kiah .1 A (Gordon, Cal
WB Haskell, I'etaluma Morris Michael, Woodlnd
[ J H Glide, sacio J Hunter & w. Saoto
i L L Carter, Shasta J W Browning, Grand Is
PALACE HOTEL.
0 H Pihl. Or H Walters, Brooklyn
A S KUHe, Or D DOliphant, Portland
G B Hegarth, Or W G Kerchoff «fe w. La
W Walker Aw, Omaha M G Howe &w, Tex
Mrs M Newton, st Louis G A Quinliri, Houston
C X Bainsmkh, Ogden Miss A Quinlin. Houston
A L. Johnson, >t Louis Col O F Long, Houston
A 1) Koote, Grass Valley R B Canfield, S Barbara
1 Ko:iissberg, Russia CWciould, N V
Mrs M Sanger, Ki\t-rside Mrs J Porter, Riverside
Mrs McLellon, St Louis O V Ea-.on, Stanford
MfM liictiok, st Louis E J tote. St Louis
(j F simonds. Mass A T Urock, Oakland
A C Hewitt, Chelsea Mrs B Brock, Oakland
A M Hawks, Tacoma 0 C -Miller A; w. Pa
J J Donovan, Wash R L Hainey, Denver
Miss A Ramsey, St Louis Mrs (.'hiDiiian, Red Bluff
Miss H Ramsey, St Louis A B Po*t. San Jose
.^iiss N Ramsey. Si Louis R II Flint, San Jose
W L Lincoln, --t Louis Mrs C W Comes, Chicago
R A sweei, Chicago W G Higgins, Chicago
M Goldsmith, Portland F C Lusk, Chicago
COSMO PO MTAN H OTE L.
I Grant Hammond, Prtlnd A L Hammond, Portland
; J v Vandever & w, Mo >fiss E C Duff, MenloPrk
Mrs Burke. SHiita Rosa H H Uichmond <fe w,
| s Fl irwin. Paso I'obles Auburn. Cul
C Fishernity, Chicago H Flshernity, Chlcaeo
C J Beers. l<iwa Mrs M Ward, Seattle
John T Cam-Ton, Merced R W Shockley. Merced
it Jensen, Portland N L Hagen. Portland
Mrs W Bolen, I'lacerville J H Dugane. Merced
3 H Joyce, Fort Bragg J Johnson, Portland
W Metcalf. Sto<-kton R H Miller, New Mexico
I L Miller. New Mexico S E Young * f, Indiana
C H King <fe w, Stockton W G Somers Fresno
, Miss Seidfl. Sacramento M A Ames, Sacramento
; \V A Schotield. Gibsnvl'.e M .-r-chofield it w, Glb
: Mrs M schork-lcl, Gibson- sonviile
ville :.lis< srtiofield, Gibsnvlle
j j <) Miner. Chicaco A H Fisher. Minn
! J Butt, s-pokane J Hanson. Portland
3 H Wick ham. Portland T Gunncll. Portland
!C W Procter. Portland J L Wadleleh &f. Prtlnd
i A Hur'.burt A f, i'ornand S ISowen A \v, Kansas
Miss X Bowen, Portland B M Macon. New York
J M Tully, Sonora E J White, Portland
LICK HOUSE.
Blake Smith, Boulder M Chas W Kitts, Grass Val
J Oreen. Seattle Jas H l'prkin«. Seattle
: WoKempinsky, Buckley J C i-ullJr, Arcata
; Hit s •> Buck, Eureka C C Spinks, Hanford
. t P Cone, Fortuna A Brizard, Arcata
! A Pntnam. Forndnle J i> J ones Aw, Wash
Fi< Westcolt St Louis Mrs Carter. Fcrndale
i Miss Carter. Ferndale Mhs Parker, Ferndale
, J P Brown & tm. NY N Gantz & w, Cal
i E \V Allen, san Jose J D Thompson, Salinas C
W E Duncan Oroville J U Lynch Los Ang
Win II Mills. Cal Sherman Gardner, N-npa
; Mrs O rinlllps. Sacto C A Cohn. Hauford
Mrs E Kraft, Anderson Geo B Owen, Ked Bhiff
j L Thompson, Napa Wm (i Owen, Stockton
I n. A McPhi/ters, Folsom Daniel Squler, Truckee
i Geo S Gannon, Los Ang J A M Best, San Rafael
1 W J Graunis.Santa Rosa I) B Orr. Cal
i Geo P C Dean ft w. Cngo M rs Geo Carlisie,Mcdento
Geo S Bliss, Tucson E W Van Norden. S Jose
M B Davis. El Paso C W Kitts. Grass Valley
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
CA Cuthbertson<few,Salm C J Lane, Hay wards
' C B Allen. Seattle H Mentz, Seattle
JB F Oant' rm, Seattle G R Warfleld, Victoria
I H Raymond Victoria J B Surret, Laconla
C H Littlefi<:d. Portland Miss A X Shaw, Portland
J L Logan, Portland 1! H Wit tie <k w.Whatcm
js J Youngs, Whatcom R H Wise, Seattle
C P M nrphy, rhilodelpba Mary E Hoban.Whatcm
: J Lynch, St l'aul G G"unnlsui, Victoria
i C h Mother, Loomls A P Merrill. Globe
j B Witt, Columbus H B Foley <fe vet. Benlcia
I A X Mather <fcw,G Rapids R M Turner, Jefferson Cy
I C Russell, Biggs
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J R Harter, Illinois J D Roy, Benlcia
.1 Walters. Chicago W Goldie, Pittsburg
F W Pi.lygrose, Seattle B Rogers &w, Swu tie
i L 0 Bare, Monterey N C Canter. Sierra Madr
E X Gifford. Auburn J A Austenson, Chicago
J E Bourke, New 'i ork J H McCune, Cal
C Bennett, Cal W R Clark & w. Stocktn
Miss C arke. Stockton A W Clarke, Stockton
6 H Clark, Mock ton W H Mationey, Larkspr
H Russ & w, Geysers
The Druggist's Dilemma
An East Side druggist was startled the
other day when a boy came into his store
and handed him a crumpled note, the
handwriting of which he easily recognized
as that of the wife of one of his best cus
tomers, who lived a few blocks up the
street ana owed him a bill. The note read
as follows:
Dear Sir: Please send me by the bearer five
ounces of rat poison. My husband has just re
turned from Washington.
The druggist was undecided as to what
to do. He had about made up his mind
to call a policeman, wnen the boy, fum
bling in bis poctcets, pulled out another
bit of crumpled paper and said:
"Say, mister, here's the rest of that note.
I got in a scrap wid a feller cornin' down to
the store and he tore it in two." It read :
He is too tired to come down to-night, but
will stop in to-morrow and pay you ior this
and settle the other bill. Mbs. Smith.
The ciruggist looked relieved, and after
weighing out the poison went into his
laboratory and took a drink of nerve
tonic— New York Evening Sun.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
JUNK. 1896.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of departure From San Franclaco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
. r. B. Coast AND GKODKTIO Brmv«Y Tmsl ;
BCLI.KTIH Published BY Official V i
' APTHOBITY OF THE SUPERINTENDENT. )
Tuesday, . June 30. ■ '
Snn rises 4.49]M00n rises 10.48PM
Sun gels... 7.37! Moon sew
Jane— lß96.
Note— ln the above exposition of tbe tides the
early morning tides Br -, given in the left hand
column, and the succ^sive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives th > second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column giv,>.s the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlve
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDEOGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hybbookaphic Opficb, U. SL N., "j
Merchants' Kichanbk. >
San Francisco. June 29. 1896. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was aronped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. h., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fechteleb,
Lieutenant U. S. N. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENE.
Arrived.
MONDAY. June 29.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen, 33 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall <fc Co. .
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, 56 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
simr Araco. Conway, 40 hours from Coos Bay,
pas* and mdse. to Oregon Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 17 hours from Kureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 14 hours from Albion;
40 M ft lumber, 5785 r r ties, to Albion Lumber Co.
I schr Aloha, Dabel, 14 days from Honolulu;
24.597 bags sugar, to Williams. Dinaond & Co.
Schr Five Brothers, Rasmussen, 14 . hours , from
Fisherman* Bay: wood, to James Johnson.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup. 16 hours from
Stewarts Point: 80 eds wood, 1 6 bales wool, to
Higglns & Collins.
Schr Abbie, Hansen. 3 days from Caspar; lum
ber, to Caspar Lumber Co. ■ • •
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 31 days from
Kahului: 5680 bag.? sugar, to Alexander & Bald
win
Cleared.
MONDAY. June 29.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all. Perkins & Co. .
Brig Co nsuelo, Jacobsen, Mahukona: J D Sprees
els & Bros Co.'
Sailed.
MONDAY, June 29.
StmrNavarro, Hardwlck. Fort Bragg.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Stmr WhitesDoro, Johnson. •
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Coos Bay.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Juno 29—10 p. it— Weather
hazy ■ wind N W; velocity, 20 miles.
' Charters.
' The barks Andrew Welch and Archer load mdse
for Honolulu; brig 1 Lurliue, mdse for Kahuiui;
i schr Novelty, lumber on the Columbia River for
Freemantle, Australia; bark Snow <fe Burgess,
lumber on the Sound for Port Pirie 38s 9d, Mel
bourne or Adelaide 41s 3d; San Francisco to Syd
ney or Melbourne, lump sum— prior to arrival.
! Spoken.
April 26— Lat 67 c .' long 67 W. Br ship : Loch
Linn he, from Hamburg, for ban Francisco,
May 21— Lat 47 S, long 63 W. Br ship Qlendoon,
from Swansea, for San Francisco. ■ :• ■
. May 30— Lat 39 S, lone 47 W, Br ship Champion,
from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia. •
Per Aloha-June 22— Lat 38 N, long 138 W, schr
Jennie Wand, from Kahului, for San Francisco.
June 24- Lat 34 13 N. long 133 54 W, schr Lily,
hence June 20, for L'mpqua.
Domestic Ports.
• BANDON— Arrived June 28— Schr Joseph and
Henry, hence June 20. -
EUREKA— Arrived June 29-Stmr Excelsior,
hence June 28; stmr Farallon, from Yaquina Bay,
for San Francisco. | June schr Mary Buhn*,
schr Serena Thayer, from San Pedro: schr Lizzie
Vance, hence June 18: schr Alice, from San
Pedro: schr Mary E Buss, from San Diego.
Sailed June 29— Schr Emma Claudlna, for San
i Pedro: stmrs National City and Farallon. for San
I Francisco.
• Returned— Schr Jennie Thelin waterlogged.
i She was in collision with the schr Mary Buhne.
WALDSPORT— Arrived June Scbr Ame
! thyst, hence June 10. -
I NEHALEM— sailed June 25— Schr Arthur I,
! for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 29— Schr Ottille
Fjord, for San Francisco. .
Arrived June 29— Schr Edward Parke, hence
June 12.
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived June 29-Schr
Ocean Spray, hence June 21. 1
ASTORIA— Arrived June ' 29— Stmr Columbia,
hence June 27: stmr EniDire, hence June 24, via
Coos Bay; Br ship Clackmannanshire, from Cal
cutta: Br ship Metropolis, from San Diego.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June i9— Schr Azalea.fm
Seattle.
' BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived June 29— Schr
Mary Etta, hence June 24; schr Bender Brothers,
hence June 27.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed June 29— 8tmr Alcazar,
for Port Los Angeles.
Eastern Forts,
NEW YORK— Sailed Jane 27— Ship Henry B
Hyde, for San Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
CAPE TOWN -Sal led June 7— Br ship Drum
lanrig, for Vancouver. '
t SWANSEA— Arrived June 27— Fr ship Reine
Blanche, from Rouen, to load for San Francisco.
• ADELAIDE— Arrived May 14— Br ship Mool
tan, »rom Vancouver. - • ,
SYDNEY— Arrived May 12— Br ship Gen Gor
dan. from Vancouver. •
ANTWERP— SaiIed June 29— Br ship Crown of
England, for San i ranclsco. .
Importation*.
VANCOUVER— Per City of Puebla— 3 pkgi
mdse, 32 cs champagne, 1 lot household furniture,
1 bdl hides, 1 pk« wool. 24 sks bones.
Everett— 26l rolls 40 cs 353 bdls paper.
New Whatcom— s pot rough s:one.
Roche Jlarl.or-2000 bbls lime.
Tacoma— 22 bills hides, Ibx typewriter.
CP R R via Vancouver— 27 bxd pianos. 85 bols
bottled beer, 53 cs hats, 1 cs cigars. 400 cs con
densed milK, 11 cs dry goods. 96 cs boots and shoes,
1 cs tans, 1 cs 9 bdls leather, 2 ci findings. 2 bbls
I W gates, 2 valves, 1 Iron bar. 1 pkg casting, 1 cs
plush, 30 cs underwear. 5 cs hosiery.
East of Fargo via Tacoma— l csk drugs, 1 bx
hardware.
West of Fargo via Tacoma-59 bdls hides, 1 sk
tails, 224 • hf-sks 100 sks flour, 12.56 sks wheat,
54-i bdls and pkpi fiirnitiiro. 315 sks oats, 40 sks
graham flo.ir, 1 kec olives.
Seattle-17 pkgs Bid**, 13pK-Js iron, 'JO cs to
bacco, 2 pita Dears. •« z bxs rish,B42 tons coal, "2 sks
coin. 1 bx3tut>slhhl maple sugar. 1 cs fnrnlsh
| in,' goods, -i pkes si:ooks, \ bo. 10 bxs salmon, 1
bx books, I bx drugs, 24 bxs 31 crts meat. 475 sks
oats. '-' Ixils patterns, 350 tidls hides and pelts
Port Townseud-?BG2 kets nails, 1 bx clams. 2
pkts express. 1 sk coin.
Victoria— 336 bdls hides, 2sks^in.
CRESCENT CITY-Per Crescent CHy-1 bbl 1
ca meat. 7 dressed calves, — M ft lumber, 3 kegs
feet, 1 pkg mdse, 1 cs seed, 27 firkins 36 tubs 14
kegs 112 bxs butter.
COOS BAY— Per Araeo-8 cs cheese. 18 tabs 37
bxs butter, 1 bx shoes. 9 bdls bides, 37 sks bark. 1
cs cigars, 3 bales blankets. 6S sks potatoes, 40 cds
wood, 1 set car wheels, IS piles. 750 tons coal.
Port Orford— 30 bbls 8 hf-bbls 16 tubs 9 hxs but
ter. 5 sks wool. 1 bdl hides. 1 b.\ sand.
• , EUREKA— Per Pomona— ll2 bxs butter, 1 keg
butter, 1 baggy- top, 2 bbls mineral water. 5 cs
indse, 11 sks Iron. 7 bdls iron, £2 bars iron. 4 pes
chain. 1 chest tools, 1 crt bicycles. 65 M shingles, ;'
73 M ft lumber. 14 ii shakes, 151 cattle, 1 sk coin,
11 pkgs express.
Consiernen*.
Per City of Puebla— Pacific Ammonia and Chemi
cal Works; Milwaukee Brewery; San Francisco
Breweries: American Type Foundry; Kohler <&
Chase; X Kmil Jacobs; Pro:' J A Davidson: Her
man Waldeck: Pacific Bone and Coal Fertilizing
Co: Buckingham, Hecht <fe Co: Crane * Co; John
son-Locke Mercantile Co: Cahn, Nicfcelsburg & Co;
Sherwood* srierwoo : : Murphy. Grant & Co: W G
Richardson: Main <& Winchester: P Berwln & Co;
Sherman. Clay & Co; Stauffer Chemical Works: .\
Clark & Sons: Sachs Bros: 'WVrtheimer & Co: H
T Holmes Lime Co; Blssinger & Co: Balz Bros A
Finiceley: CJLeist&Co: • Doereubecker Furni
ture Co: Del Monte Milling Co: E J Everett & Co:
H H Howard; Haas3ros: HDutard; A Baraco: C
F Manvedel; American Tobacco Co; 801 lon Rog
ers; Getz Bros* Co: Capt W O Hall: Demlng-
Palraer Milling Co: Jnlius Duchlson; Justinian
Caire: Whiiaker A Rey Co: T Matto; Union Box
Co; W B Stunner & Co: H Cohen Hlrs'-h A Co; .1
Uardi er; W p Wheeler; G Camllloni A Co: Duff
&Co: Frick Bros; American Union Fish Co; (I W
Hlnton; Milan! A Co; Wells. Fargo A Co; Samuel
Oregon Imp Co: H W Hlgglns A Co: J D
French; San Francisco Chemical Works: J E Me-
Govern.
Per A r ago— Marshall, Teggart A Co; A L Bryan
Shoe Co; CE Whitney A Co: C C Pennell A Co;
Thomas Loughran ; Hilmer, Bredhoff A Schulz; T
Richardson; Standard Oil Co: Langley A Michaels:
Bandon Woolen-mills: De Bernard! A Co; Wert
heimer A Co: Thomas Longhran; GetzßrosACo:
Hills Bros; Wellman, Peck <s Co ; Ross A Hewlett:
OC&NCo; Wells, Fargo <& Co; Arctic Oil Works;
Dodge. Sweeney A Co.
Per Crescent City— Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Heg
lerßros: Hilmer, Bredhort ASchulz: FB Halght;
C E Whitney A Co: Irving Bros: OB Smith A Co;
Sherry. A villa A Co; Smith's Cash Store: F Uri A
Co; Hobbs, Wall <fc Co; Thomas Loughran: West
ern Carb Gas Co; Enterprise Brewery; Chicago
Brewery ; R D Hume A Co; Cox Seed and Plant Co;
Eveleth A Nash: Albany Brewery.
Per Pomona— Brigham, Hoppe A Co; Enterprise
Brewen-: Dodge, Sweeney A Co; James H Plumb:
Humboldt Mineral Water Co; M A L Alexander;
Hooper A Jennings; Hibernta Brewery; M John
son: National Brewery: John Finn: McKay A Co:
Q W Simpson; National Ice Co: Standard Oil Co;
Slmi A Co: Sherwood A Sherwood: Scott A Van
Arsdale Lumber Co: United Slates Brewery; Arc
tic Oil Works; Wells, Fargo A Co; Hills Bros; J M
Moore; Norton, Teller A Co; C E Whitney A Co:
Hilmer, Bredhoff A Schulz; Getz Bros A Co; Pac
Coast Lumber Co; Adelsdorfer A Co; Hills Bros;
Wheaton, Breon A Co.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page.
OCE AW STEAMSHIPS.'
ASTORIA ANIPORTLANa
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Colombia 5ai15. ......... June 2 7, July 7, 17 and 27
State of California sails. ....July 2, 12 and 'it
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 x. K.
• GOODALL, PERKINS ifc CO., GenL Supts,
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST steamship compact
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class ..^B.OO
Second Clam... gB.OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 lew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS &, CO.,
• ■ General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPA!!
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM jOaGl-
Broadway wharf, Han Francisco, as JHSSE
follows: ■ • „
For Mary Island. Lorin*. Wran^eU Joneau. Kil-
llsnoo ana Bttka (Alaska), ac V a. m., June %
13, .8. 558. July 3, 18. 18. 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Wtiatcom ■ (Bellin^ham • B»r, Wash.>. ■ 9 A. /*.
3 one 3. «. 13, IS. *2». ■ 28, ana every . flftii
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. B. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Pore Townsend with
Alaska steamers. . >• ■ •■. ■
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landlnc (Hun*-
tooldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. it. June 2, K. 10.
14. 18. 22,' '2ti. 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., -lima
4. 8. 12, 16, -0, 24. 28 and every fourth day then
after.
For Ban Dleno, stopping only at ■ Port Harfor I
(Ban Luis Obispo), ■ Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Aneeles. Redondo (Los Aneeles) and Newport. 11
i. m.. June 2. 6. 10. 14; 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
lourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Maiatlan, U%
Pas. Altata and Quay mas (Mexico),' str. Orizaba,
' 10 a. m., June 2, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
aft°r
Ticxet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
* Ire *UOODAIiI, PERKINS A CO., Geni Agent* -
. 10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, O :«v
AUSTRALIA. V/s.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 3. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Sneclal party rates.
8. 8. MAilPO^ . sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July 33,
Line to COOLGARDIE, Anst™,and CAPETOWN,
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
Bonth Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agts.
114 Montgomery at.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGIIE GENERAL TR A.\ SATL
French Line to Havre.
POMPANY'S PIER (N£W),42 NORTH A*BU
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by &£s£ss
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aait
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt. Via Part*
Unit-class $160: second-class, $11&
LA TOURAINE. Capt. SanteUi... May 23, 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE May 23, 8 A. St.
LA GASCOQNE Jui c 20, 7 A. K.
LA N<»HMANI>IK....«. July 4, 6a. *.
LA GASCOGNE July 25. 11 A. M.
LA NORMANDIE August 1, 5 4.x.
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboenf. .June a, 7 a. k.
jU~ For further particular* apply to
_ -■_■- A. FORGET. Agent.
_ Na 8 Bo^ i nK Green, New York.
I. V. FUQAZI A CO, Agent* 6 Montsomew
•venue. San Francisco.
<gj^n.K HA»BUR6.AHER[CA!I LHE
TWIN-SCREW EXPREISa
ffnsg *S*iF' "tTflr^ Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris & Hamburg.
Normannia July 9 I F. Bismarck July "is
A. Victoria. July 16 I Normauuia.... August 8
1. Cab., * 100 and upward: 11. Lao.. $60 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 41/2 h.. free of chars*
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6V3 h.
For passage apply 11 imuiki:-am Link,
37 Broadway. N. \ .. or to KAHN & HERZOG,
Agents. 401 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL Agg^
i? fortnightly for the West : Indies and «■■■
Southampton, calling en . route at cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
* Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
Class, $97.50. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT A CO., Agents,
.. ■ 306 California »fa '
WHITE STAR LHB.
United States and Royal Mail Steamen
. . ' BETWKBST
New York, Queen stown & Liverpool,
■v: SAILING EVEKV WICKK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- >•••
ing to Ht earner and accommodations mUSm
•elected : second cabin, $38 and * 10; Majesuc ami
Teutonic .Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
tend, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to Kan Francisco st lowest rates. Tickets,
ssUllng dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. a VERY. Pacific Mail Dock, or at ih«
General Office of the Cttmpany, 613 Market street
under Ul»nd Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER
General Agent ior Paclno coast,
STOCKTOA STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 5 P. Mi Daily; after Jttiy 1,0 i. M.—
lreieht received up to 6:30 P.M.
• Sunday at 7P. M.
mw Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
*■ niCAMKBs:
T. C. Walker, .1. D. Peters,
Mary «;.-trratt. City of Stockton.
'1.-it-i.i.on.- Main 805. Cat. JSav. and Impk C«
fALLEJI), i\u ISL .Ift/UIKIA, fo»i'
COSTA AM kKiT.
• STK. MONTICELLO, ' •
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. »
and 4 ML; unlay, 10:30 a. m.. 3:30 r.XI
>Hr.«.only.- Sunday— 8 r. x. •
Hw. M.only.
* I-Hndlng, Ml#»ioo 1, Fl«r 3.LITTLE CHILDREN
BLUED BY BEES,
Novel Complaint Made by
an Engineer at
Berkeley.
APIARY IN AN ATTIC.
The Owuer Said to Be Liable
for the Depredations of
Marauding Bees.
REASONING OF NO AVAIL.
So Official Notice Is Served to Abate
the Nuisance at
Once.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 29. j
The District Attorney will be asked to
issue a complaint for a very unusual alle
gation to-morrow. It is the second case of
the same nature that has arisen within a
month.
Little busy bees are small things to cause
litigation, but they ha7e stings, and it is
on account of this attribute that E. J.
Lough of Berkeley may have to answ3r a
complaint of causing cruelty to children.
R. McMillan, the engineer of the steamer
Piedmont, lives off Stewart street, near
Shattuck avenue. He has a wif* and lour
children and owns a beautiful home. Un
til three months ago everything was peace
able and happy at the McMillan home.
At that time their neighbor, £. J. Lough,
decided that he would run an apiary. He
bought several hundred bees and installed
them in the attic of his house. No objec
tion was raised until the stinging insects,
in their hunt for honey, invaded the pretty
garden of the McMillans. So long as the
bees confined themselves to the raspberry
boshes there was no trouble, but when the
bees began a crusade against the faces and
hands of the little McMillans there was
trouble.
On several occasions the children were
stung so severely that their faces swelled
and their eyes were closed entirely. The
children were doctored and some heavy
bills were paid, but Mr. McMillan could
think of no remedy. Recently the chil
dren have suffered so much chat the doc
tor has stated that there is danger of ,
erysipelas attacking the children. As a i
last resort the affair was reported to Mrs.
Prescott, secretary of the Children's Soci
ety, and she was asked to protect the little
ones from their sufferings.
Mrs. Prescott inspected the children and
found the three-year-old boy suffering in
tense pain. The secretary thought that a
call at the Lough residence would quickly
settle matters, but was disappointed.
Mrs. Lough said she could not help mat- j
ters and told Mrs. Prescott that this is a j
free country and that she does not propose
to be dictated to by neighbors. She further
said that she was not responsible 1 for her
bees after they left her premises.
Seeing that reasoning would not avail, j
Mrs. Prescott gave official notice that un
less the nuisance were abated within forty
eight hours she would apply for a war
rant. The section of the act that the !
secretary says applies to tbe case is the j
following:
Sec. 4. Whosoever shall willfully cause or
permit any child to suffer, or who shall Inflict
thereon unjustifiable physical pain or mental
suffering, and whosoever, having the care or
custody of any child, shall willfully cause or
permit the lite or limb of such child to be en
dangered, or the health of such child to be in- I
jured, or any person who shall willfully cause |
or permit such child to be placed in such a
situation that its life or limb may be en
dangered, or its nealth shall be likely to be
injured, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
The question is of some importance
and the liability of bee-keepers has never |
yet been determined. At San Leandro I
recently complaints were made to tbe I
Trustees that bees were devastating berry {
fields, and they are now considering the i
best means to abate tbe nuisance.
WANT THE CONVENTION,
Conference of National Educa
tion May Come West
in 1897.
Professor Brown of Berkeley Will
Make an Effort to Bring It
to San Francisco.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jnne 29. — Pro- J
fessor Elmer E. B. Erown, head of the
department of pedagogy at the State j
University, will leave for Buffalo,
N. V., to-morrow morning to rep
resent the University of California at the
National Educational Convention to be
held there early in July.
Professor Brown will make a special ,
effort to induce the convention to come to !
California in 1597 and in an Interview to- j
day he expressed much hopes of being
able to do so providing the National Con
vention of the Christian Endeavor Society ,
did not come to California at tbe same
time.
"It will be a great thing for the State,"
said Professor Brown to-day, "if we can
pet the Educational Convention in 1897,
but a still greater good will be accom
plished if we can bnn; sufficient pressure
to bear on the Legislature to carry through }
the biils now pending to increase tbe State
University land grants.
"If the bill is passed by Congress we will
get something like 320,000 acres of land
For the State University, in addition to the
46,000 which we now have under the land
grant law. We purpose at this convention
talking over the best course to pursue in
bringing tbe Legislature to see he matter
as we do.
"I will be away for about three weeks,
and stop off for a few days at Chicago
and at Detroit.'
Professor Brown will read two papers
before the convention, one on "Child
Study" in the Tornpkins School, and on*
before the Herbart Club on "Tbe Theory of
Creative Epochs."
Professor Merrill will accompany Profes
sor Brown part way. Professor Merrill goes
to the meeting of the National Philolog
ical Society at Brown University.
Athletes Will Entertain.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 29— The first
dramatic entertainment of the Crescent
Athletic Club will be given to-morrow
night in the clubrooms. The athletes who
ore to take part in the performance have
been rehearsing for some weeks and are
said to be ready to give an excellent pre
sentation of "The Two Advertisements."
The cast of characters will be as follows:
Samuel Jordan, a vain "young" old widower,
Dr. J. C. Anthony; George Jordan, his son, a
romantic lover with a consuming passion,
Walter A. Gompertz; Marcus Brass, an eccen
tric theatrical agent with wonderful assur
ance, George Wilcox; Helen Jordan, with "a
heart and soul for the stage," Miss Cora Fiske;
Ciarinda Hastings, "who enjoys making the
As Rev. Fathers Gloria, McNally, McSweeney and Serda Officiated at the Service Conducted at the
Entrance of the Receiving Vault the Vast Crowd Gathered Around, and Hundreds of the
Members of the Late Pastor's Church Burst Into Tears.
i lord* of creation ridiculous," Mrs. J. C.
! Anthony; Lucy, a pert, positive maid, Mrs. S.
! H. Metcalf. S. 11. Metcalf will be stage man-
I ager.
The play will be followed by a danco, C.
W. Klein having been chosen floor man
ager.
Will Not Take the Stump.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 29.— The pub
lished report that Mrs. Abigail Bush, the
pioneer woman suffragist, is about to
stump the State in behalf of the equality
movement is denied by Berkeley relatives
of the lady. Mrs. Bush is at present in
Vacaville. While in Berkeley she de
clined to take any part in the campaign on
being requested to do so by Mrs. Haight,
president of the Citizen Suffrage League of
Berkeley.
Republicans to Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jnne 29.— The Mc-
Kinley League, as the latest organized Re
publican club of Berkeley is called, will
hold a meeting to-morrow night in Odd
Fellows' Hall. The committee on by-laws
and permanent organization will present
its report.
HOME PRODUCTS.
The Exposition Heartily Indorsed by
Merchants Who Believe It Will
Revive Business.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 2t>.— The Board
of Trade directors have sent out a circular
to all members regarding the Oakland Ex
position, in which they say:
The citizens of Alameda County are enthusi
astically arranging to hold at the Exposition
buiMing. during the month of August, a home
industry exhibition oi the products end manu
factures of the county of AJameJa. The first
effort in this direction during the month of
December last year, Inspired by the activity of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
of California, met with such unqualified suc
cess that the management feels justified in en
larging the scope of the next exhibition so as
to occupy the entire block bounded by
Eleventh, Twelfth, Webster and Harrison
streets.
It has also been the means of bringing about I
a strictly home industry fair in .~an Francisco j
under the joint auspices of the Mechanics' In
stitute and Manufacturers' Association.
While last year's display of the manufact
ures and products of the county surprised and
gratified all the people, it is the intention to
leave nothing undone to magnify it to such an
extent that justice will be done to tne great
importance of these industries and their rela
tion to the prosperity of the entire State.
The growth of manufacturing has been of [
late years much greater than the people are |
generally aware of. As to viticultura:. horti
cultural and agricultural products, we believe
there is no county in the State that can equal
Alameda in quality and variety. With these
inspiring conditions before us.it is intended
to bring all our resources to the attention of
the people not only of this but adjoining coun
ties as well. It is therefore hoped you will
lend yonr valuable aid by making a creditable
display.
We would earnestly urge all members of the
Board of Trade to interest themselves in this
matter, especially tnose who are engaged in
manufactures or the production of any Articles
Of commerce to make an exhibit of the same.
This Is incumbent upon all members, in order
that we may do our part in the good work of
building up and making known the various
manufactures and industries of this county,
and thereby promote a revival of the business
prosperity of the community.
LOST HIS REASON.
Simon Brauler Goes Mad While Con-
fined In Jail for a Petty
Offense.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jnne 29.— Simon
Brauler, a young German confined at the
City Jail, went mad this morning and will
have to be committed to an asylum for
treatment. He was arrested early in
June for breaking a plate-glass at a sa
loon because he was driven from a free
lunch counter. He said then that he
coulu not secure worK or food.
He proved himself a model prisoner up
to hist Saturday, when, while assisting
the janitor, he walked out and down the
street. H« did not attempt to run away,
and was soon brought back, and has been
confined in the tanks. This was too much
for him and his reason fled this morning
Mrs. Bauiiigitrtrn'4 Pleas.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 29.— Mrs. Sarah
Baumcarten. wife of Solomon Baumgarten,
the Jewish junfc-dealer, was among the
applicants for indigent aid to-day before
the Board of Supervisors. In response to
questions by Supervisor Church, she said
her husband refused to support her and a
three-months-old baDe and that she had
nothing to live on. There is a suit pend
ing lor divorce between the couple.
Died of Consumption.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 29.— F. Sherman
Henry, a native son, aged 28, died at his
father's home, 1221 Harrison street, this
morning, of consumption. He was the
eldest son of the capitalist and ex-Mayor,
A. C. Henry, and a member of the N. S
G. W.
Loans on watches, lewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Gran' avenue.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
A HOST MOURNS
THE MINER-PRIEST
Funeral of Rev. Father
Fernandez, Late of
St. Joseph's.
HIS LIFE OF DEVOTION.
Sacrificed All Worldly Interests
for the Sake of the
Church.
PRIEST TO THE PORTUGUESE.
Thousands of Loving Parishioners
Wept Around the Bier in His
Late Church.
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 29. (
St. Joseph's Church on Chestnut street
was crowded this morning with sorrowful
spectators. They had gathered to pay
their final tribute of respect and affection
to the remains and memory of the Jate
Rev. Father Fernandez.
As the venerable Father King officiated
at the solemn requiem high mass people
were sobbing in all part 3 of the church.
The assistants at the mass were Rev.
Fathers Pimental and Governo. Arch
bishop Riordan was present and pro
nounced the final blessing. The casket
was a rich one of black cloth relieveo. with
silver plates and it was covered with floral
offerings from the many members of the
church who had been suddenly bereft of
their beloved pastor.
Rev. Father Gloria preached the obitu
ary sermon in the Portuguese language.
The speaker referred to the sacrifice made
by the late priest, when riches were
his, and how he had given all to charity
and his life to labor for humanity. Father
Fernandez was born in Portugal, forty-six
years ago, and at the age of 14 went to
Brazil. After remaining there for six
years he came to California. At first he
worked as a shepherd and then as a miner.
He succeeded at the mines, but felt that
be was called to the priesthood, and, with
out counting the cost, he msde the sac
rifice. While mining he donated consid
erable money to the Church of the
Immaculate Conception at Watkinsville,
Siskiyou County, which he built almost
alone.
When he decided to study for the priest
hood he went back to Portugal and entered
at once on the work. He was bo diligent
that in two years he was back in California
and was ordained in San Francisco. He
went to Honolulu and also to China, and
some years ago* he was placed in charge of
the Portuguese congregation in West Oak
land. He at once set to work to build a
church and organize a parish. About live
years ago the handsome church was built
i from which he was buried to-day. Tl;e
priest's dying wish was that he might live
till he had seen all the debt on his church
paid off.
Many priests were present, at the church,
includine the Revs. Logan, Coyle, Cran
well, Burn, Serda, Scanlan, Cull, Butler,
Blavin, Hessler, Phillip-*, Laguna, O'Reilly,
i De Campos, Byrne, McNally and Alfred.
The interment was at St. Mary'a Ceme
tery. The Portuguese Benevolent Society
acted as escort to the remains, and there
was a great crowd at the cemetery to wit
ness the final ceremony.
The services were conducted at the en
trance to the receiving vault, and the two
draped flags that were crossed over the en
trance added much to the solemn effect of
the scene.
Grand i'.oulevard Scheme.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 29.—Ex-Assem
blyman Valentine Alinso of Livermore is
working on a scheme to have a grand
boulevard constructed from Oakland
around the south end of tbe bay to San
Francisco, 100 miles long. He believes
that if the several counties throu :h which
the roadway would pass would act in con
cert the scheme could be quickly worked
out and the dream realizeJ.
Kxpected to Recover.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 29.— Amanda
Calloway, the colored woman shot Thurs
day night by Mary Wagner, has consid
erable fever, but it is believed she will re
cover. Her assailant is quite solicitous
that Mrs. Calloway recover and expresses
great sorrow at her rash deed.
WITHOUT A DEFICIT.
The City Funds Made Up by Trans
fers.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 29.— 8y the
judicious use. of the transfer privileges the
City Council hopes to close the fiscal year
to-morrow night without the anticipated
deficit.
• Auditor Snow said to-day that by mak
ing certain transfers from the general
fund and paying the Oakland Gas, Light
and Heat Company's bills out of the de
linquent-tax fund the city would get
through without a deficit. Several of the
funds are short. The street-lignt fund has
been depleted since April. The police
fund is some $3030 short and others of
smaller amounts.
WORK TO BEGIN SOON.
"West Oakland Marsh to Be Filled In
»Xt Month.
OAKLAND, Cat,., June 29.— At the meet
ing of the We.'t Oakland Improvement
Club to-night, at Haiisen Hall, the West
Berkeley Improvement Club will be pres
ent to plan in the furtherance of the work
already began by the former. Captain
John Hackett of the Pacific Coast Dredg
ing and Reclamation Company has been
giving his dredger an overhauling during
the past week. It is expected that he will
have it in place on the west side by the
first of the month, when active operations
will begin.
Footrace Swindle.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 29.— Two men
named Ryan and Mills, alias Macdonalrt,
were arrested this afternoon for swind
ling G. Benson of Redding out of $500
through the time-honored footrace propo
sition. Benson says that a Redding attor
ney named lirainard induced him to loan
the money with which the bet was made.
After the race started there was a disturb
ance and the referee declared that the
affair was a swindle. Rvan has figured in
a similar affair in San Francisco. A war
rant is also out for Attorney Brainard.
DR. JOHN T. McLEAN, HEALTU OFHCtR OF ALAMEDA.
COHEN DESIRED
TO COME HOME,
He Concluded That the
State Should Pay
His Fare.
SO GAVE HIMSELF UP.
His Sister Explains That the
Fugitive From Matrimony
Is Innocent.
NO FOBGERY WAS COMMITTED.
The Father-in-Law Said to Have Signed
the Check aad Then
Repented.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, June 29. j
Mrs. Wolfe, a sister of Meyer Cohen, the
Oakland newspaper maD who is now un
der arrest at Tacoma for passing a forged
check in this city, was in town to-day and
told a very different story of her brother's
trouble from that already published.
Cohen's friends, and they are legion, de
clare that he is evidently safe from prose
cution or he would not have surrendered
himself. They assert that Meyer was
broke in Tacoma, and that be thought the
best way to get back to Oakland was by
coming here at the expense of the State.
Cohen, it will be remembered, is the young
man wno was to have bean married to
Miss Hinda Greenberg at San Jose a week
ago, but who failed to show up at the wed
ding. Two days later a complaint for
forgery was sworn out against him.
"Meyer's sister was here to-day explain
ing matters," said Joseph Harris, a trustee
of the First Hebrew Congregation. "She
declares that the checks were drawn by
Greenberg. who was to have been Meyer's
father-in-law, and given to Meyer one
night when he was calling on his fiancee.
"He returned to Oakland and naturally
went to some of the Jewish merchants
where he was known to have it cashed.
For some reason which she knows not
Greenberg became uneasy and withdrew
bis money from tbe bank on which tbe
check was drawn.
"When the bank in Oakland sent it to
San Jose for collection there was no
money and it was returned. There was
no charge of forgery then, nor until after
he failed to be present at the wedding.
She declares that the charge was then
made out of pique and to get even with
him. She declares, he is innocent of any
crime and cites his readiness to return
and face his accusers on the charge of
theft preferred against him in support of
her position. We are now all awaiting the
young man's return with interest owing to
this new turn in the case."
RETURN OF DR. J. McLEAN
He Visited Washington, D. C, to
Obtain Funds to Complete the
Tidal Canal.
A Peculiar Case of Paralysis— Death
of an Old Resident— Meeting of
City Trnste2s.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 29. — Health
Officer Dr. John T. McLean returned from
Washiugton, D. C, late Saturday evening-
He was sent to the capital last January by
the county and this city to nrge upon the
Government the necessity of completing
tbe tidal canal.
He is as enthusiastic, energetic and de
termined as ever that the canal shall be
completed, and he will leave no stone un
turned to impress the powers that be on
this side of the continent that tne work
has to be done.
In speaking of nis labors in Washington
Dr. McLean said that an appropriation of
between $800,000 and $900,000 had been
made for the completion of the pending
improvements under the continuous con
tract system, and the California delega
tion hud made representations to the
Government engineers to use the means at
their disposal for this year to dredge the
tidal canal and build a floodgate at its
upper end.
The original plan as laid out for the con
struction of the channel had never been
carried out, and as a consequence there
had been expended $1,800,000, the amount
originally intended to complete the whole
work, and still it is in a half-finished con
dition. This is because thousands and
thousands of dollars have been expended
Auction Bales
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
THIS DAY,
Tuesday..... .-.....'. June 30, 1896,
. . AC 10 o'clock a. M. at Salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7tU and Bth,
WE WILL SKLIi
A "Large' and Elegant Assortment of
Household Furniture;
6000 yards of the beat of Body Brussels Carpets
and Office Furniture, moved from the Supreme ;
Court Building; Folding Beds, Parlor I'pbolstery,
etc., of 7 Klrgantly Furnis ie.l Houses, comprising:
< ak, Cherry and Walnut Chamber Suits with Hair
Mattcessps; Parlor suits Divans, Bed Lounges
and vdd Chairs, OaK • Folding Beds. 1 Hat Hack.
sideboards. Kxt*-nsiiii Tub and Chairs, -Mantel
Mirrors, Armoires. l.:i^r .vings and Oil Paintings
Portieres and Lace Curtains, Best of Bed. tin.:,
5000 yards of Nearly New Body Brussels Citrpe:s,
Desks, Book Cases, devolving Chairs and Leather
Chairs, Piano Lamps. Crockery, Glassware, Plated
Ware, Hanges, Moves and a large variety of
Household ooods 100 numerous to mention; 1 Iron
Safe. • CHAM. LEVY & I'D.. Auctioneers.
in redredging tbe channel time after time,
instead of adhering to the original plan of
connecting the estuary with the San
Leandro Bay. This would neve allowed
tne tidal scour to carry the alluvia into
San Francisco harbor and kept the chan
nel clear at ali times.
Acute Paraph legia.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 29.— C. H. Wall,
1718 Arbor street, was brought home
yesterday from Bartlett Springs, a help
less paralytic. He can see and hear, but
speech and motion are denied him. Mr.
Wall was enpagec! on the Daily Report as
advertising manasrer and had run down so
that he sought a change at Bartlett Springs
to recuperate and rid himself of an attack
of incipient rheumatism. Last Thursday
he wrote that he was feeling better and
intended returning after July Fourth.
On Friday his wife received a telegram to
go up at once and bring him home.
The case is a most interesting one from
a physician's point of view, for the
paralysis is said by the doctors to have
been induced Dv the excessive hot bathing
and over-exertion. This, however, has
no berains on the character of the water
itself.
I>eath of an Old Resident.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 29.— Mrs. Au
gusta Schmidt of 1110 Buena Vista avenue
died of heart disease this morning. She
was a native of Germany, aged 61 years,
and had been a resident of this city for the
past twenty-one years. The funeral will
take place on Wednesday afternoon from
Odd Fellows' Hall and will be conducted
by tbe Alameda Rebekah Lodge and the
German Ladies' Relief Society. Crema
tion will follow at the Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery, San Francisco, in accordance with
the wishes of the deceased.
Electric Polo Salt.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 29.— 1n the elec
iric pole suit of P. N. Delanoy v*. the City
Trustees City Attorney Taylor filed a de
murrer to-day* to the complaint and also
moved for the dismissal of the action.
The case has been submitted on briefs.
Municipal Affairs.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 29.— At the
Board of City Trustees meeting to-night
the president appointed Trustees Ley
decker and Fletter as a committee to at
tend the conference in Oakland Thursday
evening to consider the tidal canal matter.
Improvements in the Electric Light
buildings were authorized to the value of
$296.
G. W. Bennett complained that Morton
street station was in a deiapidated condi
tion and required painting.
Miss 1. Linderman was appointed
deputy to her father, who is City Assessor.
The clerk was instructed to ask the
Southern Pacific Company to prevent the
Park-street automatic bell ringing be
tween the hours of 10 p. m. and 6 a. m.
G. H. Mastick protested against the im
proving of Wood street.
A. H. Bannister objected to the rescind
ing of ordinance 166. granting him the
privilege of building a wharf at the foot of
Grand street, granted him in 1891, but the
ordinance was repealed.
Condemnation proceedings are to be
commenced against Emily Cohen for the
opening of Lincoln avenue.
> ♦ *
ASSESSORS' AUTHORITY.
The Constitutionality of the Act At
tacked by the Postal Telegraph
Company.
The application of the Pacific Postal
Telegraph Cable Company for an injunc
tion to restrain County Assessor H. P.
"balton from selling the personal property
seized by reason of the refusal of the com
pany to pay the tax as assessed, instead ol
upon the valuation returned the com
pany, came up before Judge Ogden to-day
ana a temporary injunction was issued
upon the company putting up a $100u
bond.
The Postal company claims that the as
sessment of their property in Alameda
County is excessive and not in accord with
that of the Western Union, and that they
should be granted a restraining order until
the matter could be heard beioro the Su
pervisors, sitting as a Board of Equaliza
tion, as in daiault of thi9 their*property
would be sold without recourse upon an
arbitrary assessment made by the county
official.
The attorney for the company attacked
the constitutionality of the act of 1895
under which the Assessor is proceeding
and claimed that it was in conflict with
section 13 and others relative to the right
of citizens to seek remedy before boards of
equalization. He claimed that the sale of
I the property in advance of a hearing before
I the Board of Equalization would work an
I irreparable injury to the plaintiff.
As to the tirst point the District Attor
ney argued that the company had its
remedy by paying the tax under protest,
and then if the Board of Equalization
sustained the protest it could be rebated
by the Assessor. He also contended that
the power oi the Assessor to seize and sell
personal property must be exercised before
the first Monday in July, as then he must
turn the rolls over to the Tax Collector.
Judge Ogden siid he considered sui
ricient showing had been made for a tem
porary order, so granted it. The matter
will be heard on its merits early in July.
WITH A LARIAT.
A Yonng ILady Dragged Some Distance
and Badij Bruised.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 29. — Walter
Lund was arrested this afternoon, on a
warrant charging him with battery. He
was released on his own recognizance.
Miss Eva Verrill, who lives next door to
him on Linden street, claims that she was
walking along the street when he rode ud
on horseback and threw a lariat at ncr,
catching her around the body, and then
starting his horse off on a run. She was
dragged some distance before she could
disentangle herself. Her face and hands
bear out her statements by their appear
ances, but no bones were broken. She is
only 17 years of age and very small for
that.
FOR GOOD ROADS.
ißoard of Trade to Consider the Subject
Nt an Open Meeting.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 29.— There will
be a members' open meeting of the Board
of Trade Thursday evening at Military
Hall, when the subject for consideration
will be, "Our Streets; the Present Con
dition and How to Improve Thorn."
There will be addresses by (superintendent
of Streets M. K. Miller, J. A. Britton,
Seih Mann ana otner members of the
Good Roads Association on the impor
tance of giving the streets of the city
immediate attention.
Coining Home.
OAKLAND, Cal, June 29. — Captain
Mem, who was imprisoned at Pretoria.
Booth Africa, has been released upon
payment of £2000. and started for Califor
nia on June 3 with his son, W. W. Mem of
this city.
£& fe> fe fe&
WILL SELL AT AUCTIOX
AT TUB
NEJ'W YORK STABLES,
307 JESSIE STKEE l ,
Thursday.... ; .....July 3, 1806,
~ At 11 O'clock a m.,
Ten Head of Horses. Wagons, Carts,
Baggies, liar n-ss Etc. .
M. J. McBBIDK, Auctioneer.
ABSWNEE SALE.
Slaughtering prices balance of assignee's » sale.
Rock a ways,' Bugsies, Carts, Harness, etc., must
co. ■ Come and make un offer. 1128-1141
Mission St. • .
FOOTE GAVE THE LIE,
Almost a Fist Fight in the Oak
land Police Court at
High's Trial.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 29. )
The trial of Gavin Dhu Hieh, editor of
the Times, for publishing an alleged libul
on W, J. Dingee. president of the Oakland
Water Company, lasted till late to-night.
An effort was made to close tho case to
night, but W. W. Foote, who appeared
as special counsel for W. J. Dingee, wished
to put on some witnesses who were not
present and continuance was Agreed upon
till to-morrow evening.
The Police Court was crammed all day,
and to-i«ight when the City Council ad
journed all the members went direct to
the court. W. J. Dingee and W. E. Dargie
were the chief witnesses for tne prosecu
tion, and Editor High took tbe stand in
his own behalf.
Attorneys Beatty and Foote keiit the
proceedings very lively throughout, and
to-night the court had to interfere to pre
■vent what promised to be a physical right.
Mr. Foote asked Hi^h a question relating
to bis conduct while employed on "Cali
fornia on Wheels," which toured in the
East some time ago.
"That is an infamous question," said
Attorney Beatty.
"If you ?<ay that I would ask an in
famous question you are a liar," said Mr.
Foote.
There was some explaining, and the dis
tance between the two attorneys somewhat
diminished, when Judge Wood peremp
torily called them to order.
W. E. Dartrie testified that High had
come to him and told him that bethought
Dingee should give him a typesetting ma
chine and $150 a month for the purpose of
keeping him friendly.
Counsel for High attempted to go into
the financial affairs of Dargie in the spring
of 1895 for the purpose of showing that he
was indebted to Dingee, but the objection
to such questioning was sustained. In de
fense, High said he had not seen the libel
ous item till after it was published. He
denied having to leave "California on
for immoral conduct, and when
his testimony closed the case went over
till to-morrow night.
TKUSTKES 1 SAI.KS.
rfIRUSTEES' SALE.
1 In accordance with the terms and tinder
the authority of a certain deed of trust
duly executed by BAKTOLOME dk LUQCB
(sometimes called dk LUGUE) and CATH-
F.RINA dk LCQUE (sometimes called dk
Ll'(il'E), his wife, parties of the first part, to
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second part, aiid
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
of the third part, dated June 7th, 1894, and re-
corded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Alameda, state of California, in Liber
606 of Deeds, at pages 309 and following: and In
pursunnce nt a resolution passed on the 14th day
of May, 1896, by tne Board of Directors of said
BAN FjiA.NCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 12,914),
to secure payment or which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said HKNRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEDS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HKNRY C CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, tne 17th day of July, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Wm. J. Dingee, Nos. 4t>o and 482 Eighth
siieet, In the City of Oakland, County of Alameda,
state oi' California, we will sell at puhlic auction,
to the blKhest bidder, for cash in gold coin of tho
United Slates, all that piece or parcel of land situ-
ate in thi: City of Alameda, County of Alumeda,
State of Cttllfornia, described as follows, to wit :
Commencing at a point on tho westerly line of
Sherman street dls.ant thereon fcr;y-eight (48)
feel northerly from the northerly iin» of Buena
Vista avenue, and running thence northerly along
said line ot Herman Street fifty-two (52) feot;
th-nce at right migles westerly one hundred (100)
fe a t; thence at right angles southerly fifty-two
(52) feet, and thence at right angles easterly one
hui dred (100) feet to the point of commence-
ment.
Being portion of lots numbers nine (9), ten (10),
eleven (11) and twelve (12) in Block E, as laid
down and de intated on the map entitled "Map of
14-1 Lots in Pave Tract, Aiameda County," riled
February 2Sth, 1874. in the office of the County
Recorder of said county of Alameda; together
with the appur.enances.
Terms of Sale — Cash in gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fal> of the Hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed: and if not so oaid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HKNRY C. CAMPKKUL, 1 TrII . fPW ,
THADDEUH B. KENT, / lrn » tee «-
rfRUSTKES' SALE.
1 In accordance with the law and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust, duly
executed by F. A. BROWN, party of the
first part, to HKNKY C. CAMPBKLL and
THADDEUS B. KKNT. Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the SAN FPANCISCO
svVINCJs UNION, party of the third part,
dated June 23d, 1890, and recorded In the
office of the County Recorder of tbe County of
Alameda, state of California, in Liber 407 o;D£e:ls,
at pages 189 and following: and in pursuance of a
resolution passeti on the 7lh day of May. 1896, by
i he Board of Directors of said SAN FR \.\ CISCO
SAVINGS UN TON, a torpor.iiion. and the ho der
of the note (No. 10,194), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust n»3 executed,
declaring that '.'efatilt had been made in the pay-
ment oi the principal sum and other sums due
under said note and deed or trust, and requesting
and direciins said HKNRY C. CAMPBKLL and
THADDKUS ii. KKNT, Trustees, to set] Ihe real
estate described therein to MUKfy said indebted-
-11 We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEU3
B. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give no. ire that on
FRIDAY, the 17th day of July. A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day. and at the anction salei-
room of William J. Dingee, No. 460 and 462
Eighth street, in the City ot Oakland, County of
Alameda, State of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of ihe United States, all the pieces or parcels
of land, situate In tde Towns.iip of Brooklyn,
County of Alameda, described as follows, to wit :
Lots numbers twenly-one (21) and twenty-two
(22), In block number two (2). as laid down and
delineated on map entitled "Map No. 2 of the
Bl.isdel Tract. East Oakland Heights, liesub-
dlvided June. 1890, W. F. Boardinan, C E." filed
June 9:h, 1890, in the ollioe of the County Re-
corder ot said County of Alamedn, and to which
map and the record thereof special reference Is
hereby made for further or more particular de-
scripilon, together with the appurtenances.
Terms ok s-alk— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten percent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer: balance on de.ivery of
deed: and if no: so paid, unle.ss for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and tiie sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HEvKV C. CAMPBELIO-
THADDEUS B. KENT. J tr ° steea -
HOTEL TO LEASE.
o""£ET^THir wT~T ELL^H tHrsE^~3l7^Bl»
Bush st.: this weir-known hotel is thoroughly
renovatea, considerably improved; compares witrt
best -class hotel In town. Hi lil.SONcv RUHKE
SEWING MACHINES.
SIN^ER~SEVVING-M ACHINE OFFICE, 1559
Market: rent *1 50 to $3 per mo.; repairing.
A LL KINDS BO UUHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED^
J\. rented, repaired: lowest ratw. '^U5 Fourth st.
•- 1 ;. "-"•■■■•■ ■• TO LEASE. '• -••.'■:"
O^LET^SECON D F166r7~40x 36 PT'OWISR
or without: brick building. - - 145 Bealo st. * =• ■■
/*"*%. "Dt, Gibbon's Dispensary,
M<l<£t>m <J -*» KEAKX Y ST. Esfiblishpd
Hir^ffl !n 1»54 for the treatment of Private
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(J2o HEABST ST. Established
in 1H54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
i^SSSj^B disease wearing on bodvandmlnd and -
üBHHm Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
iJff^y^^g 1 ! others fail. Try him. Charges low.
rnreninaranlffd. Callorwrlte.
Or. 4. r. UIBBOK. Box I»37, San Franciaco.
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francises Calx*.
?10 Market street, open until 12 o'clock eyeirj
cient In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery itrMt
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteen— and Mission streets, «p_
• ntil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
119 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
PS^~ioUTH SAN FRANCISCO _T~
Lodge No. 212, F. and A. M.-Offi-
■ersand members are requested to attend TK_«
he funeral of our late brother, EDWARD r^r\
SDWARDB from our hall, cor. Railroad and
•'ourte-enth ayes., on WEDNESDAY, July 1, at
•30 o'clock P. M. By order of the Master.
.au o cjm. E. C. HA BE, Secretary.
F^S=. CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, _■
&&R.A. M.. will meet THIS (TUES- iV_
lA v) EVENING, June 30, at 7 :30o:clock.
> _. and M. E. M. degrees. By order of the 'V >
£ p. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec
j>^» PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. AN _■
I^^A. M., 121 Eddy St., meets THIS
TUESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock.
[■hird D. GEO. PENLINGTON. Sec. /V'
►-^"OrTLDItN GATE LODGE NO. 30. •
I—^F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS Jl
TUESDAY) EVENING, June 30, at 7:3o^^
,'clock. D. 2. geo j Secretar y.
~ts&> FRANCO -A M E RIC AN
fc^Lodge No. 207, I. O. O. F.-Offi-# ! _aK_CS
:ers and members are requested to^ggSE&Sy
neet at their hall THURSDAY, July '""*'„
i. at 8 o'clock p. M., for Installation of officers, au
?. G.s are requested to be present.
R. LAVIONE,Sec TH. SEHABIAGUE, N.G.
»--_= IVANHOE LODGE NO. 5. K. OF »
>&' P., will confer the knight rank_ »J^
long form) WEDNESDAY. July 1. 1 896 ; '£_>&•
it Pythian Castle. 909 Market st., at .____
S:3op. _. Members of sister lodges cordially m-
rited. HOWARD BURNS, C. C.
O. Nobcboss, K. of R. and S. __
I_— 'ANNUAL MEETING IMPROV-
SPSS' ed Order of Red Men's Hall Asso^Jti^-
■iatlon of San Franc'sco.— he annual i__J^-
neeting of the stockholders of the Improved order
>f Bed Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
vili D? held on MONDAY EVENING, July 13,
1896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association,
!20 Post St., for the election of a board of trustees
)r directors and such other business as may prop-
»ly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. JOSSELYN, President.
William J. Smith. Secretary.
£~S= A. O. H., DIVISION NO. 2— %^^>
K^S" The regular monthly meeting of \AwJ
his' division will be held in Hibernian »\\J|
flail on WEDNESDAY EVENING, July CCYCg?
I. at 8 o'clock sharp. Candidates seeking • _S
idniission will please be prompt in attendance.
lickets for our Fourth of July picnic will be dis-
ributed. Sojourning brothers are cordially in-
cited. BARTLEY LEE, Pres.
John Kknn'T. Bee. Sec. ■
_:_= THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
S^ stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
Company, for -he election of directors for the en-
year and for the transaction of such other
susiness as may be brought before the meeting,
ivill be held at the company's office, 229 Steven-
son su, San Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
lay of July, 1896, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
a iil close July 3, at sp. M. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
J. E. GREEN, secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
i^^^fOTTcE~^~A'. ~jT~M^E^DOWS^IS^NOT
*<& connected with Bauer's Law Collection
jffice from this date. J. J. BAUER.
jFS?» ALL persons having SERVED AS
&<& jurors itt criminal cases will find it to their
interest to call at room 18, 230 Montgomery st.
I. P. DAME RON.
m^S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
m^& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy su. room 6. Tel. 5580.
|Fsi= ABANDONED CHILDREN 15? Sfl
S^^ Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum since Jan-
uary 1, 1895: Robert Butler, age 5 years: Bessie
Butler, age 4 years; Caarles Connolly, age 6 years:
Mary Fagalda, age 3 years: James Fa^alda, age 1
year; Eddie McCarthy, age 6 years; Alice Mc-
Carthy, age 6 years; Nathan Barloggi, age 3
years.
HSS 3 DRS. HOLsMAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
— ~-& moved to 1 370 Market : poortreated free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
|_S= OFFICE OF THE HIBERNIA SAV-
t*--^ ings and Loan Society, cor. Market, McAl-
lister and Jones sts., San Francisco, June 29.
1896— At a regular meeting of the board of direc-
tors of this society, held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and three-
quarters (334) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending June SO, 1896, free
from all taxes and payable on and after July 1,
1806. ROBERT J. TOBIN. Sec
|t_.,Bf» uiVIDEND A OTIC n.— THE COLUM-
tt^F biau Banking Company, 236 Bush St., for
the half year ending June 30, 1896, has declared a
dividend of 6 per cent per annum on the paid-up
capital, payable on and after July 1, 1896.
C. O. PERRY, Cashier.
B£^— = SECURITY SAVINGS BANK, 222
B£ ;^' Jionteomery su. Mills Building. Dividends
on term deposits at the rate of four and thirty-two
one hundredths (4 32-100) per cent per annum,
and on ordinary deposits at the rate of three and
six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum for the half
year ending June 30, 1896, will be payable free of
taxes on and after July 1, 1896.
8. L. ABBOT JR., Sec.
ft— s= DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
uPjS' Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st,, corner
Sntter. For the half-year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
thirty-two one huudredths (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundredths (3.60) per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
j CYRUS W. CABMANY. Cashier.
KSS" DIVIDEND NOTICE.— TH GERMAN
K~& Savings and Loan society, 526 California
St.— For the half year ending June 30, 185*6, a
dividend has been "declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per cent per an-
num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five
hundredths (8 55-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
. GEO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
H5S =» DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
BP-*^ ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post st.— For
the half year ending June 30, 1896, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 'our (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3. 331/3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1, 1896. GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
B^&= HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
lß~£r Society, 18 Geary st— The directors have
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
5P— >• DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAN FRANCISCO
tS^y Savings Union, 632 California St., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one hun-
dredtbs (4 32-100) percent on term deposits and
three and sixfy one-hundreaths (3 60-100) per
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896.
LOVKLL WHITE, cashier.
SITUATIONS wanted-female.
UPERIOR SWEDISH laundress DE-
sires situation; best references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
\ I ." OMAN AND STBONG BOY WOULD LIKE
'' a place in the country: woman good cook;
boy able to work around place. Address B. W.,
box 90, Call Office.
VfEAT GIRL 16 WISHES PLACE TO ASSIST
IN In light housework; sleep home; wages $10.
Address 1910 Larkin St., in rear.
TV" ANTED— BY COMPETENT WOMAN TO
W do Housework: is good cook and laundress, is
good baker of any kind; don't mind large family;
city or country. Please call 79 Jessie St., bet.
First and Second. ■
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
I day washing. Ironing and housecleaning. Call
or address Eleventh aye., bet. L and M, Sunset
District. -
p ERMAN GIRL. WITH GOOD CITY REFER-
'X ence. wishes a situation. Call or address 617
Sacramento st. •
\fIDD~LK-AGED PROTESTANT WOMAN DE-
-I<l sires a situation to do housework; good plain
cook; washing and ironing; city or country;
wages from $8 to $12. Call 1018 Howard st.
I > LIABLE, COMPETENT, WILLING YOUNG
XV girls wants a situation to do upstairs or second
work; "ages $12 per month. Address C. H., box
115, -II Office. , . . . -
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SIT-
\J nation in private family for housework: good
cook. Address 3345 Twenty-fourth st. ;.
XPEKIENCED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
any kind of work by the day; wages $1 and
carfare. Address 602 Howard st.
vrOUNU LADY desires a position IN
X store to assist in selling and do. light work;
wages small .to commence with. Address A. H.,
box 18, Call Office.
T i -IRST-CLASS COOK FROM THE EAST
_T wants a place; two years' reference. 315 Sut-
ter at.'; first floor. ■■
AMERICAN LADY WISHES SEWING, ANY
__. kind, at home or outside, city or Alameda
county cheap: day, week or month. MBS. WAT-
SON, 20V2 Hardy St., near Sixteenth.
A> OUNO WOMAN WISHES situation as
X traveling companion to lady going to Europe,
or will take charge of children on same trip. Ad-
dress B. M., 736 Twenty-fifth st.
VOOKG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK
1 by the day at washing, Ironing and houseclean-
ing. 408 M inna __.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES UPSTAIRS
1 work and waiting at table. Call 322 Twelith
St., upstairs: no postals.
■_Ttkon». young woman wants wash-
b In*. Ironing or housework by day, week or
month! Apply 713% Clementina, near Eighth.
Respectable young -woman -would
R like situation as cook wash andiron : no ob-
jectiou to count iy: wages $20; no postals. Address
2120 Green at.
SITUATIONS . WASTED- Continued.
■DEFINED YOUNG" GERMAN WOMAN
XVi wishes place as housekeeper, companion or
seamstress; city or country, Address B. V., box
16, Call Office.
A?" OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO GET
1 work by the day washing or cleaning house.
Call or address 438 Fourteenth st. '
IRL WANTS POSITION FOR HOUSE-
work: the best of reference; city or country.
Call or address 1807 Mission st.
_ IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
r a couple of days' work a week in shop or fami-
lies. 1267 Clay St., Oakland. _. . " ' - ■
OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY,
washing and cleaning; $1 a day and carfare.
Addnss C. F.. box 124. Call Office.
\\r OMAN WITH CHILD WANTS SITUATION
VV to do general housework or cooking; city or
country. Call 221 Minna st.
ITUATION WANTED FOR HOUSE CLEAN-
ing and washing. 17 sumner st.
OOD COOK (GERMAN) DESIRES A SITUA-
Iion in a private family. Cosmopolitan Hotel,
corner Fifth and Mission, room 36. ■ • ~ ■ -.
OMAN WANTS PLAIN SEWING OF ANY
VV kind; also clothes to clean and press. 114
Fourth st., room 15. ____________
THIRST - CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES
X work by day or take work at home, $1 50 per
day. Call or address 126 Oak st.
VXPERIENCED WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
J_ the day washing and ironing. 1314 Larkin st.
11' OMAN WITH CHILD WANTS SITUATION
VV to do general housework or cooking; city or
country. Call 221 Minna st.
A\7 IDOW LADY WANTS POSITION AS
it working housekeeper; city or country. J.,
box 1 5, this office. "
RESSMAKING-A THOROUGH FITTER IN
U ladies' and children's suits: terms $125 per
day. 1038 Mission st.
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK OF
\J any kind by the day, or will do ladies' and
gents' mending and plain sewing of all kind. Call
131 Hickory aye., near Gough st.
O HOUSEWIVES— THE COLUMBIA EM-
ploymeot Agency. 128 Fourth st., furnishes
the very best help at short notice. Telephone
black 1353.
TjiXPERIENCED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
J_ to do washing or any kind of mending. Call
or address 2935 Twenty-fourth St., nr. Alabama.
\f IDDLE -AGED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
IV _. a situation to do general housework or house-
keeping; $8 to $12 a month. 517 Howard st.
"\7OUNG GERMAN GIRL WHO SPEAKS ENG-
X lish wishes a position in summer resort as
laundress Or chambermaid; understands some
waiting. MISSR. SCHULZ, 628 Fulton SU
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION IN
VJ nice family: is neat and quick about her work.
Can be seen at 535 Lott st. ; 110 postals.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion to do general housework. Apply Hotel j
Fairmount, room 93.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION ASTRAY-
X cling companion: will do plain sewing or any
light work. 706 Ellis St.; ring 2 bells.
XTOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
X by the day, washing or cleaning. Call or ad-
dress A. 8., 278 Natoma st. <
ANTED— BY' A COMPETENT ENGLISH
woman, position as housekeeper or nurse to
an invalid; salary secondary consideration. A. _,
box 30, this office.
UESPECTABLE GERMAN LADY ABOUT 50
XV wishes situation as housekeeper in widower's
family In country. Address H., 2603 Mission
St., cor. Twenty-second.
W ANTED— BY LADY WITH YEARS OF
»' experience, care of Invalid, either sex; best of
care and home comforts given. Call or address
MRS. M. X., Oakland P. O. ■
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES A SITUATION AS
housekeeper in lodging-bouse or hotel. Call or
address Housekeeper, room 35, third floor, 1148
Suiter st. :
CPANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
O tlon as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
menu Apply 105 Larkin St., room 3.
COMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork or sewlne; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St.. room 19. '
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION. BEC-
VI ond work and sewing, or housework In small
family; references. Call or address Dressmaker,
950 Kirkham st., Oakland.
EAT GIRL WANTS A SITUATION IN GOOD
i- family for upstairs work, sewing, taking care
of children. Please address J. C. X.. 123 Clay st.
W INChEs 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»T Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
situation's WANTED-MALE.
un^_Jr^^o7^h_?es^^ndTa^anese
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny,. bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231. ,
/CHINESE . AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
T> l.u.UjuK'o SOU SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X .branches: short notice. ]4 o!earv. tel.Grant4B.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
0 office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant. 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
KJ office: best li el p. 41 4 V 2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
YOUNG MAN AND WIFE WITH NO CHIL-
-1 dren would like position in hotel or restaurant;
have had experience ana can furnish best of refer-
ences. Call or address MR. H. BISSELL, 1807
Mission st.
LDERLY' MECHANIC WANTS SITUATION
as handyman in house or hotel; understands
care of horses and driving and gardening; good
home with low waees; city or country. Address
EL W., box 37, Call Office.
I" NTELLIGENT YOUNG MARRIED MAN,
painter and decorator, wishes to renovate
houses or do janitor work: handy with every tool; ]
or will take work for hotelkeeper* or landlords by
the mouth. Address S. S. , box 17, Call Office.
WANTED— YOUNG MAN FROM THE EAST
Vi would iike position; outdoor work preferable;
hsve had good business experience; can telegrapn
and also speak quite well German, Polish and Bo-
hemian; first-class references as to character and
abilit}-. Address C. A. J., box 67, Call Office.
>-OUNG MARRIED MAN WISHES A POSt-
tion as janitor or watchman; handy with tools.
Refer to 439 Jessie st.
N INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Eastern and San Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114, Call Office.
U ELI ABLE YOUNG GERMAN-AMERICAN
XV of 22 wishes steady employment; handy at
everything- good driver. Address J. P., box 116,
Call Office.
■EXPERIENCED HOTEL CLERK DESIRES
J_ position in hotel or rooming house; first-class
credentials: can invest small amount if desired.
Address Hotel, box 95, this office.
T," IRST-CLASS ENGINEER AND BTEAM-
_ fitter wants employment ; has had special ex-
perience In erecting and managing large pu mping
plants; best city references as to ability, etc. Ad-
dress E. N., box 142, Call Office.
ARBER~— s7tUATION"W ANTED BY^ A.
first-class barber; steady or helpout. AUGUST
BARTH, box 92, Call Office.
LECIRICI AN— SITUATION WANTED BY
a first-class electrician: can furnish reference.
AUGUST BARTH JR., box 92, this office.
OBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN DE-
slres situation In office or wholesale bouse;
thorough know. edge of bookkeeping: speaks Ger-
man and English; small salary to begin with;
first-class references. Address G. 8., "box 132,
Call Office.
rOUNG MAN WANTS POSITION IN
butcner business: experience of 4 years. Ad-
dress or call 2717Va Harrison st.
TJORIEK AND CARPENTER— WANTED, A
X position In wholesale house by young man 24
years of age: has box of tools; first-class refer-
ences, P. C box 6, Call Office.
N ACTIVE ELDERLY MAN WANTS A
situation; any kind of light work; is a good
horseman and milter; a good, handy man about
ihe house: sober ard reliable: wages moderate.
A. A., box 19, Call Office.
N OLD SINGLE MAN, SOBER AND HON-
est, to do light work about a place; private
family preferred: no objection to country: speaks
French and English; small wages. Address G. B.
AMETTE. 245 Eighth St., care of Mr. Kroll.
ANTKD— POSITION AS NIuHT uR DAY
watchman by steady, reliable man: total ab-
stainer; first-class credentials. W. H. L., 754
Folsom st.
YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION AS OAR-
X dener, choreman or on fruit ranch. T. 5.,24
Mint aye.
GARDENER WANTS SITUATION; THOR"-
ouehly understands greenhouse work, also
landscape gardening; references. Address Gar-
dener. 441 Bush st.
IpiRSTMjLASS BOOKKEEPER WITH HIGH
references wishes one or several sets of books
to keep during the day; compensation moderate.
Address K. J.. box 62, this office.
ELDERLY MAN, A LITTLE LAMB, WOULD
like to work in a family or hotel for a home: to
make himself generally useful. Address J. H.,
box 136, call Office.
yoosGi strongT able-bodied man,
X sober, steady, painter and paper-hanger by
trade, desires situation iv hotel or institntion; will
work for low wages if steady employment. Ad-
dress T. C, dox 91, this office.
p arde'nerTpract'ical) or man about
VXplace wiihes situation; references. Address
Gardei.er. 417 Kearny si.
OACIIMAN, THOROUGHLY SOBER AND
reliable, In taking care of gentleman's estab-
lishment; is a competent driver: best Eastern and
California references. Address W. R., box 80, (.all.
X" E.-PECTABLE YOLNG MAN WISHES BlT-
uation in private family; coaching and gar-
dening; best of references. Address A. X., 1228
Broadway, Oakland.
\VT INCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
IT Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bnsand baggaeetoand from the ferry.
pARDENER'S SITUATION WANTED BY
VI single man of long experience in greenhouse,
flower and kitchen gardening; 2 5-year references
from previous employers. Horticulturist, 719
California st.
I-NCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
SITUATIONS ■WANTED— Continued.
tPROFESsToNaIL" ACCOUNTANT^ OFFE RS
XT his services in the expertlng of books, opening
and dosing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office.
VODira _AN, AGED 20. PRACTICAL STA-
-1 tionary enclneer. with some experience with
indicator cards, wishes steady post: lon as assistant
in a big steam plant: wages no object; good refer-
ences Address IGNACIO ALLEGRETTI, 6V3
ulinon st., city.
K_»lAL_ H_LP WASIKD.
OOK, JEWISH FAMILY. $80; SECOND
gin, $25; 15 housework girls, city and coun-
try, «20 and $25: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISs CULLKN, 323 Sutter St.
EFI.N ED GERMAN NURSE. CHILDREN 6
and 7 years, $12. MISs CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
Spa niFh~~woman or uirlThousework!
$15. MISS CULLEN, 323 sutter st.
p_R~M AN~S£CON b~GTRL, $20r~MISS CUL-
VI LEN, 323 Sutter st. __^
OOK. MINING TOWN, $25. MISS i^ULLE-S,
3^3 Sutter st.
T-fwAITRESSES^ COUNTRY~HOTE_T~FAR_
v) paid and advanced, $'.iO; 4 waitresses for
springs nnd resorts. $20; 3 waitresses, city, $20;
starch ironer and machine polisher, country laun-
dry, $30 each and found ; nurse, city, $15. C. R.
II AN SKN A CO., 110 Geary st.
PROTESTANT COOK FOlt ORCHARD,
short distance from city, $'20; waitress, plain
country botel, $20. MURRAY & ..EADY, 634
Ciay st.
RANCH COOK, $25; COOK, COUNTRY RES-
taurant, S3O and room: pastry cook. $30;
housework and other places. MURRAY <fc
READY, 634 Clay st.
2 EXTRA CHAMBERMAIDS, ALSO EXTRA
waitresses. Ml RRAY& READY. 634 Clay St.
ANTED-PROTESTANT COOK, NO WASH,
$30: cook, small hotel, $25; mother and
daughter or 2 friends to cook for rauchhands, $'26;
Ironers in laundry; ranch cook, $20: German
chambermaid, $20: cook, wash and iron, 3 In
family, $36; restaurant vvaiiresn, $i! 5: sbirt-
polisher, $45, and eirls for cooking and house-
work iv city and country. J. F. CROSETT &CO.,
31' i Sutter at.
l^rknch-speakingTwaitress, $20,r00m,
X 1 etc. ; waitress, small resort, hotel, $20, room,
etc., see party here 11 a. m.; waitress, city, $20, |
room, etc.; waitress, small country hotel, $*0, 1
room, etc.; waitress, $4 a week; lunch and dinner
waitress; wai ress, $15 and room: small place.
MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
\*/ ANTED— SCANDINAVIAN COOK. SMALL
»» family, $25; Swedish laundress, country, $30:
second work, coun:ry.sls; younn nir.s to assist,
$10 and $12. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton su
\\- ANTED — TWO FRIENDS, OR MOTHER
'» and daughter for private family, city; house-
girl for Oakland, two In family, no washing, $20;
chambermaid, country hotel, $20; housegirl, city,
$25, K astern people, good place; cook for American
family, $25, city; German cook, $25, city; girl for
a bakery, $12; housegirl for American family of
two, cuy, $20: Kirl tor housework, no cooking, $20,
city. Apply MkS. NORTON, 3lt» Slitter st.
AIT ANTED — COOKS, NURsKGIRLS AND
»» girls for housework. MRS, HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
\\; ANTED — A WILLING, INTELLIGENT
'» woman for general housework in the country;
call Wednesday, from 10 to 11, at 331 Montgomery
St., room 51. MRS. HAMILTON.
TdDLE-AGE"d~G_RMAN WOMAN: LIGHT
housework; $10. 312 Fillmore st.
\\T ANTED— YOUNG LADY TO SOLICIT AD-
it vertisements and subscriptions. 20 Ellis St.,
room 29.
W' ANTED — A MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
woman for country home; plain washing and
cooking for 3 grown persons; good home for de-
serving woman; wages $10. Write to E. C. T.,
P. O. box 10, Pino:e, Cal.
\ .MERICA.N HOUSEKEEPER NEAR CITY.
Ann family, $20; girl, housework, city, $16.
Employment Office, 128 Fourth st.
OOD FINISH KRS ON PANTS. COLUM-
bian building, 920 Market at, room 82.
OOD TAILORESSON BUTTONHOLES AND
binding. 623 Pacific su
rpAILORESS FOR FINE CUSTOM COATS.
X 1020 Folsom St., near Sixth.
ANTED — YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSE-
work; small family; sleep home; $2 50 per
week. 938 Howard st.. top floor.
Vl/ ANTKD-RESTAURANT W AITR E S S.
»» 1403 Valeucia s;.
VOfSU WOMAN TO WORK IN KITCHEN.
X 324 Larkin st:
IRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUBEWORK;
wages $10. 1636 Eddy st.
•yOU NG GIRL WANTED FOR GKNEKAL
X housework; no cooking; wages $12. Call be-
tween 8 and 111 a. k, 2643 Bryant aye., near
Twenty-filth st.
OOD FINISHERS ON CUSTOM PANTS.
923Vfe Foi-um St.
\\/ AN TED-GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
*» housework and cooking. 1217 Webster st.
TKT ANT jID— APPRENTICES FOR CUSTOM
»' coats: steady work. 966 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED APPRENTICE FOR THE I
J— Werthman's *4 Pants Co. -ii Geary St., r. 29. j
YOUNG GIRL, ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; small wages: nice home. 230% Oak st, |
1 GERMAN COUK; $25; CIT\. GERMAN I
Employment Office. 306 Mason st. j
\\r ELL-TRAINED GIRL, UPSTAIRS WORK; j
»« most speak French: $25. German Employ-
ment Office, 306 Mason st.
11,- ANTED— A NUR&KGIRL, AGE 18 TO 20 \
TT years. Apply from 9 to 11 a. m. to 1434
Post st. '
OOD CLOAK SALESLADY AND SOME
good canvassers in connection with political
campaign work: ladles holding certificates in U.
S. Industrial Agency are eligible. Room 165,
Crocker building. j
TIT" ANTED — PUPILS FOR. MILLINERY j
» » school "class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable. 410 Leaven worth st.
ITiINISHERS, OPERATORS AND APPREN-
. tlces wanted on vests. Apply 1104% Folsom.
WANTED — CUSTOMERS K. ELEGANT
T.lj and stylish hats at cost. 605 Larkin su
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
X making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo-
DO WELL Academy, 636 Market,opp.Palace Hotel. I
T ADIEs_FREE! FREK! LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING lessons.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
AIRDRESsING, 250 AND 36c: MORNING
XX and eve classes; 10 lessons, sl 60. 1248 Mission.
OAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street.
"\f OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
tYI. Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market: |
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 I
per we"k: tree 'bus and baggage ionn'l from ferry.
yUIAIiE HELP WANTED.
A3TT6"w6^RKI^A"RILN7SHT^2ST^i_RK
IVI paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
OOK FOR LUNCH COUNTER AND RES-
taurant, country, $14 a week: second cook,
country botel, $45: cook, miners' boarding-house,
$40; assistant confectioner, country hotel, $-0;
second baker, country shop, $30. C. R. HANSEN
&CO., 110 Geary st. . , y
IX WAITERS FOR SPRINGS AND RE-
sorts, $30; 3 waiters for springs, $25 and $20;
2 waiters for water resort. $25. C. R. HANSEN,
lIP Geary St.
T ABORERS FOR RAILROAD WORK, $1 75
XJ a day; free fare. C. R. HANSEN «fc CO., 110
Geary st. .
POLISHER, COUNTRY LAUNDRY, $30; 3
X ironers, country laundry, $30 and $35; man to I
run Sinclair bosom ironer, $50. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary st. .-.■' ■:■.:,
SCRAPER-TEAMSTERS, NEAR CITY, $26
and board; 3 milkers, country, $30; 3 farmers,
$20 and $.5: blacksmith helper, $26 and found;
choremen, etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
ANTRYMAN FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY HO-
X tel; $25; free fare. C. K. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary. ■ y .' .
45n FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
_U hands, $20, $25 and $26; milker, $30;
blacksmith, $40, found; 3 choremen for ranches,
! $15 and $20; man to milk, etc., $18; butter-
maker, $16; men or strong boys to irrigate land,
| $15 per month and found: farmer and wife.
MURRAY READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. , ■■■.. :.v- ;■
"I (\ WAITERS, $30 AND $25, BOYS AT $20,
IU city and country hotels, restaurants and cof-
fee-bouses: 6 cooks. $25. $30, $40, $60 and $70;
2 second cooks, $25 and $35; 3 dishwashers, $15
and' s3o; cake baker. $30 and found; 5 extra
waiters for July 3. 4 and 5. MURRAY <fc READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay si.
•)l\ WOODCHOPPEBS. PINE WOOD, $1 A
—.U cord, for a mine; 20 redwood-tie makers: 20
laborers, - city and country work, $1 75adav and
$26 per month, ionnd: 3 laborers > for a mine, $20,
fare paid. MURRAY <fe READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. y '"
"lIT ANTED— 2 RUBBERS ON RACEHOKSES, j
»' $20 per month and found: 4 miners, $52 per
menth; 5 laborers for mines, $1 60 per day, good
steady job; blacksmith helper for country shop,
$26 and found; also farmhands.; milkers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers; baker, country hotel,
$30, fare advanced ;' waiter boy. country hotel,
$15, fare advanced. W. D. EWER _ CO., 626
Clay st. 1 ."i •":..";'"' -"■ ■ " ■.'■.".". ' «
ANTED — NEAT WAITKK FOR NICE
I» » summer resort near city, $25. ;W. D. EWER
.— CO., 6.6 Clay. -;>■•>'■■■■,,--,-■■■. , " y,.
11/ ANTED— GOOK FOR RESTAURANT, $50;
•» night cook oyster-nonse, $40; German waiter
charge of dining-room, $25: waiter who can .' open
oysters, country. "' $40, board and lodging; . dish- ;
washer, $20: man to take care of sma 1 orchard,
$16, eta : gardener, $25. LEON ANDRE, : 315
Stockton st. y • '■'-• : •-■•'-•< ■'.:::.''. ■'■■ •■■.■'.> '■,-•;..•■;,'
\AT ANTED— 2 JOBBING BLACKSMITHS AND
■ » sboers, $40 and lound; German driver, $40 and
found: laborers about mine, $26 and board; farm-
ers, $20 to $25; wagon-maker, $9 a week; farmer
' and wife, easy job, see boss here; farmer, $2 JO a
year; waiter, count hotel, $26; 2 a ironers and pol-
ishers, $46 and $35 and found: k'itcliea men and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSiiTT <fe CO., 638 Sac-
ramento st. ,--,-. "V>": v-v.- 1^. ;.,!'. ■:<'.':■:": y -;.:■'""■' ■ ',', ;<■■'■: iT\ =
l) MINERS, MACHINE DRILL. $3 A DAY; 5
— woodsmen, $26 and $30: 10 .barkpeelers, $1 25
a cord: 3 farmhands, $20; 2 ranch • teamster and
i wife, $36. B. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
HELP WANTED-Contlnued.
p ERMAN~\V AITER7~S2Sr~ROOM, ETC. ; 5
VX waiters, small places, $20, room, etc.; cook,
city, $40, etc.; cook, small country hotel, $25,
room, etc.; head waiter, <ity. MARTIN'S Em-
ployment Agency. 749 Market st. Tel. Main 1849.
ANTED— YOUNG MAN OR BOY TO
learn barber trade. Inquire 107V 2 Fifth st
1 "Energetic man~to"so! icit wekthm an
-i $4 I'ants Co.; liberal commission. 22 Geary
at., room 9.
AS "TO DRIVE RUBBISH WAGON, $10
and found: 2 good shoemakers for Oakland.
Employment Office, 128 fourth st.
I3ELIABLE INFORMATION ABOUT COOKS
XV inlet and Yukon, Alaska. Address, with
stamp, Alaska, box 16, Call Office.
OY 17 ©R O\ ER. KXPE"rIKNCED IN REAL
estate. Address B. <> box 27, this office.
IRST-CLASS CUTTER, CUSTOM WORK. |
Apply Family Shoe Factory, 1524 Market st,
WAN TED- BOY "ABOUT 16 FOR F.'.UlT-
store. Address M. X., box 32, Call Office.
ARBER, WITH A~FEW MONTHsFTsXPE-
_ riencft. 853^ Illinois st.
OLICITORS— CITY OR COUNTRY: MALE
or female. STAPLES, 156 Seventh st.
QIDE LINE GLOVES FOR RIGHT MAN IF
O he travels: territory open. 413 and 415 Mar-
k t st.
BARBER TO RENT SHOP READY FUR-
nislied. 1125 Market st.
GranTTclearance salk of boots and
shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut 10 $3, $5 to
$2 50, $4 to $1 50, $2 50 to $1 25; all uoods sacri-
ficed next 16 days in order to enlarge store and
put in new stock. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
W ANTED^RELIABLE MAN TO ASSIST IN
n store and collect; salary $75 per month: must
be of sober habits and have $150 cash. 777 Mar-
ket St., room 7.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important, branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 'Hi Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
L7NERGETIC MAN WITH $40 CASH CAN
Xj secure steady profitable employment by ad-
dressing D., box 162, Ca'l Office.
YOUNG MAN; MUST HAVE SOME EXPERI-
-1 ence In dry goods: German preferred. 511
Hayes st.
\\ ANTED-FIRST-CLASS RUBBER-STAMP
•» maker to operate a first-class outfit on one-
half the profits, while proprietor does the outside
soliciting; one-half or whole interest can be bought
1 if preferred; cause of change failing eyesight. Ad-
diess H. C. MEYERLE, 415 J st., Sacramento,
Cai.
G~OOD SOLICITOR, WHO IS WELL A<>
qualnted, for city trade for merchant tailor;
good inducement for right man. Address R. M.,
box 14' J. Call Office.
\\r ANTED— EXPERIENCED TRACK FORE-
»» man Apply S., box 17, Call Office, Oakland.
<2_-| l)- COOK OR WAITER TO BUY PAY'-
C/ L— «.). ing chophouse; clears $100 per month.
Apply CrII Office.
_/'A WILL BU"» A 60-CHAIR RESTAUR-
«IpUw ant on Sixth st. Columbia 128 Fourth st.
EW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
3d and 4th— Singleiurnished rooms, night 15c to
60c; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room : strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
\\[E HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
" selling at less than Vi their value; cast-off
shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission st.
LL MEAT ORDEKS 5c., WITH COFFEE,
tea or milk. 635 Clay.
RY ACME H0U5"e",~957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
I ODGINGS, 5c TO 15c "PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
JJ Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
\ STHMA CURE GIARANTEED; DR. GOR-
,*\ din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
EST IN CITY- -SINN- E ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1, $1 25, SI 60 per wee-
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
OOMS 15c TO 75c PKR NIGHT: 500 TO *1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Dm mm St.
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
lialf-soleing 25c up. 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
Vi JiN TO FEED iIA^HATTAN STOCK iOOD;
iVI all grocers keep it.
h. ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
■t one- half the usual price; done while you wait,
C 62 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
ANTED — MEN TO LisARN BARBER
trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
I T>_9l PLACE U I THB CITY TOR SECOND-
JJ hand shoes, 749 iti'Milon st., opp. Grand Opera-
bouse; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $_ 60 I
and $3: ladies', gents' and -children's misfit and {
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged:
"IV" ANTED— FIRST-CLASS BARBERS, MALE
11 and female, 60c and $1; steady work. 207
.Fourth st. '
ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC*
I) retary Barbers' 102 Seventh. H. Bernard.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X) P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
I)ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
AUBERci' ASSOCIATION Or I'Al. EMPLOY-
J> ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann. '2,' 9' ; . O'FarrelL
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN * fO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best in the city, single room*
SO and 25c a night. tie, week : meals 10c. '
INCUESTEK HOUSE. 44THIRD ST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863V_ MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c night; $1 to 9?. week.
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J ' sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night
1I in MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
Xv'U and 20c a night. including co_e« and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. __"
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY: $1
veek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st. __^
IPIREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOii 6c;
r also a bnt'l tof 'n'."T. at 637 I'lar wt.
——————— I ————————————— —^— t
AGENTS WANTED.
GENTS WANTED— OR GENTLE^
man; experience not necessary; good oppor-
tunity for right person. Apply at once, 519 sev-
enth St., near Washington, Oakland.
GENTS FOR FINE BUILDING LOTS IN
Los Angeles. M. SALOMON AC '821 Market.
koo3iB WANTED.
ANTeBTbY^ ADtfLTS. 3 UNFURNISHED
and 1 furnished, or 4 unfurnished rooms, be-
tween Mason and Franklin, Pine and Turk; pri-
vate family preferred. Address C. M . box 32. Call.
WANTED-MISCEL.-ANEOUS.
J~^OR~SALE^DrJc^K^A^D~^rGEON~RA^Tc iT;
. 8300: chicken ranch, $200. T. F. CONKLIN,
office Red Fla<, opp. six-mile House. San Bruno rd.
ECOND-HAND FUENCH RANGE, FOUR OR
five feet. 572 Tenth St., Oakland.
ANTED— fo~~RENT~GOOD REMINGTON
or Smith Premier. Address H. , box 113, Call.
ECOND - HAND : KODAKS. CAMERAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth nt- : send postal.
.HOUSES.
I'T^YOU^WANt'a (iOoITIIORSE AND WAG-
on or hand cart try 859 Mission st.
OOK— FOR SALE: VERY STYLISH SAD-
dle-horse: kind: 16 bands. 143 Bartlett st.
yOR SALE— BUGGY HORSE 5 YEARS OLD;
X regular pet; can make 3-minute gait; lady or
child can a rive him: also harness cheap. Apply
NE. corner Pacific and Larkin sts. ■
\\r ILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION AT 645
. »» Geary St., July 2, 1 gray mare, buggy and
harness for board bill. . C. R. MARTIN. ■
W ANTED "^STYLISH HORSE, ABOUT 16
hands high: must be gentle and abie to trot
within 3 minutes; name price. ; H., box 17, Call.
pOOD STRONG RELIABLE i. DELIVERY
VI horse: $20: a bargain. 159 Second st.
t EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
Xj of good . harness, our own make, of , every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st.,S. F.
"I C /A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
X O\J ness, : all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts : must be sold. 1128 Mission st
rAA BET NEW AND. SECOND-HAND HAR-
t)uv' ness; all kinds; buggy, wagon, car:?, surrey
I & rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
~Ai\ HORSES . FOX SALE; . ALSO WAGON*
iv bugnies, carts, harness: ; Grand Arcade Horsa<
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORbES • PAST RED; V SKN » ioli UKCo-
!»r. The Mnlc Ranch.' 630 Commercial s:. ■ -
:. WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. V
6~U8_3 \; EXPRESS" " WAGON;" BUSINESS
cart, cheap; horse and harness. 1620 Mission.
1 ; HORSE AND ;: EXPRESS > WAGON i FOR
sale; together or separate. 1128 Folsom st. y
; OR SALE," AT EASTERN PRICES, FIN B
-F carriages \of every desc lptlon; cash, notes or
Installments. !"- Carvlli Mfg Co., 46-48 Bih St., S. F.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVTNG GLOVES;
samples. H. M. HEINE MAN," 109 Sansome st.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAU.N-
.Xi 1 dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockuway
ana 2 tine buggies. • biS Harrison at.
PERSONALS. :.;-.
T)RETTY BABY GIRL FOR ADOPTION: KE-
X spectable parents. P. 8., box 18, Call Office.
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cially ; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, eta, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
A SSORTMENTOF AMERICAN FLAGS WILL
■A- be loaned at 174 Clara st. A. BELASCO; 9to
10 a. m., 6tolop. v. ; "-'.•"■ ".:. ■■■■■."."-.: ■ .f.^'K.
Ur'ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
T» low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITT.vIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
I EDERER'S— THE PLACE •TO GET THE
Xj best hair-dressing in the city for 25c; first-class
switches $1; Lederer's "Quinonia," the most effect-
ive hair tonic ever made; beautifies, strengthens
and cleanses. 11l Stockton st., nr. Geary. •
OMETHING NEW— BEAUTIFUL FACES—
Why? Because our remedy removes all super-
fluous hair from the face without the slightest
pain: it acts only on the hair, leaving the skin
smooth; come and see us and be convinced.
PROF. HALE, 315 Ellis st.
RS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. . 126 Kearny st., room 47.
1 ,l\(\ CARDS, $1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
1 '\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
JIM LEE, FIRST-CLASS CHINESE LAUN-
dry. 1913 Bush st.
pORNEH LOT CHEAP FOR CASH; 50x100;
\J good bargain. Call room 14, 995 Market st.
ADY, STRANGER •; in CITY, WISHES
business partner. 122 Post St., room 2.
MRS. DR. MIRANDA, CHIROPODIST— THE
Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room.l, city.
QUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
O guaranteed * parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, ll7 Market at. , but 7th and Bth.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration commences its va-
cation on Saturday, June 26, and resumes work on
Monday, July 13. For particulars aidress 424 Pine.
URE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address F. O. box
2053, San Francisco. Cal.
R. J. ■__.■ EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Kearny.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mannfrs' cost. Factory, '20 sansome, upstairs.
AZOR >.' EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.:
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
T IBEfiAl, ADV~ANCjvS ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
Xj tlry, etc. :, lowest rate*. V4K Market st.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
xl can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st.: open evenings,
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STBOZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
"DIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
Xj ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ,- artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
_D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
rlothinrr bought.. COL.MAN. 41 'in. cor. Je«ile.
DKESSKLAKEKS.
RESSES I $2 UP: WRAPPERS 3 i CENTS UP;
U lawn $1 up. 5053^ Natoma St., above Sixth.
BICYCLES.
ECONiThAND Wli-liLS^ TS perfect
r _ order: terms, cash or installment; Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33,
Bet Hur tandem. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
ICYCLKS— $20, $25, $30; GOOD CONDI-
i* tlon. 1571 Market st.
W INFIELD ARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
QC NEW FALCON; HIGH GRADE: $45 AND
OO $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGE
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market st.
IJICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, $J5 TO $65. HAM-
X) ilton Cyciery, Baker St., near Hayes.
OICYCLESFORS2O, $25, ;$3O, $35, $40, $45,
1> $60, second-hand. 306 Post st.
'OR SALE— "W RAMBLER; WARWICK: IM-
perial and Clipper bicycles at great bai gains.
303 Larkin st.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
X best accommodations. Terminus - Geary, Mo-
A ll later and Powell st. car lines.
FOB SALK-MISOKiLANKOUS.
mT^7i7r?lXNrjrsToO; 2 FINK SEALSKINS,
tip _UU $70 each. UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant.
OR SALE — ONE SAFE. CALL AT .1303
Stockton st. :
IpOR SALE— FINE GORDON SETTER PUPS}
' 1612 Steiner St. i. C. FREDERICKS.
UPRIGHT BOILER, ENGINE 5-H0R5E-
...,,...,». 1,,w, nlanni-. nsirlv noiu T W i„■ r-
kj power: ouzz pi»Qcr; xitrarxy ucw. v. *> mix
9, Call Office. -■ ■ :.- ■-■- -*■■.. - J - -
CHEAP, A NEW 10-FOOT AMERICAN FLAG.
\J Apply 10 S'euart St., upstairs.
LOOP-YACHT— S2OO: 27x11. APPLY STORE
1548 Park St., Alameda. "
—3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENGINE & CENTRlFU-
galpumpattached<_so-lightdynamo.sl6MlBsion
UUAThKS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 112 iy 2 Market, bet. 7th & Bth.
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
Jj write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
i.OILERS,ENGINES,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
£> waterplpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beala.
 UILDJNUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHEd
1 > doors, mantels, etc.. f:>r sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
tire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Markets:.
I? IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
X 1 press, platform scales and desk : cheap. 102 Clay.
TVTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
IV hand, <V. a RAY Mfg Co., 12 California jr.,
MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
OMALIi UPRIGHT PIANO; GOOD ORDER;
O no reasonable offer relused. 750% Harrison st.
_1 Q^ BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT
<fl)XOc). Schmitz. 16 McAllister St., next Hi-
bernia Bank. • ..
QTEINWAY PIANO; $150: OWNER OBLIGED
O to sacrifice it this . week. Room 10, Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts. '. : " "
I*/ illiam G. badger, sole agent FOR j
'» the celebrated Hallet it Davis and Francis Ba- i
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st. : > I
4 UPRIGHTS SACRIFICED; SCHUBERT, !
Steinway. Weber, Decker Bros. 1019 Van Ness, j
E HAVE A NUMBER OF GOOD PIANOS i
and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
instruments have been called in from agents
throughout the coast, in | whose hands they have I
remained for some time without being sold. Call I
early and secure _ bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY I
& CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., Stelnway rep-
resentatives. I -. . ■ ' -" -- , ; ■
TOSHER UPRIGHT, $125; MARSHALL &
X 1 Wendell, $125: bargains at $150 and $176.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market.
lANOS HALF PRICE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SEL...
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion: exceptional opportunity to buy.
■ Call and examine. 735 Market st.
AS OUn NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month It is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Steinway representatives.
STEIN WAY $175: STECK $150: STEKL-
ing $100; Ladd $60. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
lANDS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
stock on the Pacific coast. TH_ F. W. SPEN-
CKR CO., 933 Market st. \ <
STEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st. . ■ j '. :
"DEFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
X> & Gerts and Knabe pianos; at ■ wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <fe CO.. 324 Post St.
PLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York ; Just the chance to buy a line
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
li»y; violins. $1 H5: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordiocs. flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.: new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St.. Spreckels building. ; . ,
HICKEKING, KNABE, STECK. VOSE, STER-
ling pianos; see our new piano for $187 ; pianos
tor rein. BENJ. CURTAZ <fc SON. 16 O'Farrell.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST - ST.— SOHMEH,
Newby & Evans, Brtggs and other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLU&NEW
O H. MULI.KR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
_______________ —
LOST.
T OST^SATUBdXyT ~JUNE^7T r BIRINDL&
Xj colored Newfoundland dog. . Return to ; 645
Valencia st. and receive reward. •■-,■■.:■■.■"■' '
,T OST— BLACK, CURLY DOG: ANSWERS TO
XJ name of Nig. Return to 639 California: reward.
TOST — FOX •■! TERRIER,? BROWN SPOT.
'XJ around eyes, tag and' collar on: $5 reward for
return to M. MICHKLSEN & SON, 615-617 Ellis.
MALL FOX TERRIER BITCH. , RETURN
614 Third st.: reward, r '''■':'_■■•■:';... y. V.- ■■'..-"■y
OST— JUNE 25 A DARK-BROWN SPANIEL
dog: liberal reward. , 109 Van Ness aye.
"I GOLD LOCKET; FILIGREE BOTH
JJ sides, with diamond on front side; $25 reward.
625V2 Larkin st., third floor. ' • -
rov— l».
TPOUND— FULCAN ■ NO. 10 WHEEL; BACK
_ wheel broken. L. SCATENA, 104 Washington.
TRAYED *ON MY PROPERTY," JUNE 24,
O a red cow with white star on fac« and white
line on back. Inquire at MRS. CHENEY'S, 232
Lobos St., Ocean View. •: : . ■■ c ,^ ■■--".- "-....■■'
::-;••;,: J TYIMSWRITJERS. >/
T> EMINO t'ON,~*3S: «MITH, $60 ; ■ KEND FOB
XV sample work. SCOTT _ BANNAN,333Mritgmy
v BUSINESS CHANCES. - _ ._ ■ -^- ■
OAIT _OUSEi"ACROSS THE BAY, NEAR
railroad depot: handsomely furnished rooms,
bar, dining-room, parlors and promenade grounds;
finest family and summer resort; well known as
I enjoying most desirable > class of patronage: good
bar trade the year round; this offer never equaled;
means a fortune in a few years: owner owns the
prope ty; satisfy yourself. STENBERG & CO.,
632 Market St. .
<2i 1 4 -iC\(\ PARTNER WANTED IN WELL-
<JpJ OUU. known express and transfer com-
pany: has cream of trade in this city: clears $200
to $300 a month; proprietor owns his own proper-
ties, barns, offices, storages, etc.; has 4 fine teams
running, worth $3000: one of the steadiest busi-
nesses In this state, making sure income; estab-
lished 10 years; grand bargain for active man.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
_ 1 C A CIGAR-STOKE: PRINCIPAL THOR-
%\pXO\J. oughfare; invoice the goods: connected
with large theater: rent only $15: sickness only
reason for selling. STENBEBG CO., 632 Market.
<_ Or U\ PARTNER BEST A U RANT ; < > WNKR
<jf(_l/U. lady. STENBSKG, 63V! Market St.
_(ir\ BUTTER, MILK \AD DELICACY
«Jp«7U. store: thriving location: living-rooms:
new stock; suitable for family. STENBEBO CO.,
632 Market st. - -'. ; ■■■■ ' ' .
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly. HEaLY <fe CO., 23 Kearny sc
_ 1 r-.r- LADIES. GRAND CHANCE—
«Jp 1 I O. Branch bakery, etc.; 6 rooms, furniture
Included: on account of departure. HEALY, 23
| Kearny st. ."-■-"■'". _■ •
_ Q A RESTAURANT AND COFFEE-SA-
tJpOUU. loon, Polk st., clearing $75 per month:
owner In other business. HEALY, .3 Kearny st.
<g*tyf\(\(\ LIVERY, BOARDING AND SALE
tJP_Uv/U. stables: partner wanted In one of the
finest places in this city, north of Market St.; has
27 horses, 20 buggies, rockaway and 25 boarders;
harness, robes, whips, blankets, etc.; clears $250
per month; owner has too much to attend to;
wants good, active man to take charge of office,
cash, books, etc. : will take part cash, balance to be
paid out of the business; Investigate. GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market st.
dTjOrArv CANDY FACTORY AND ICE
«lp_tJU\J. cream parlors, situated in one of the
liveliest and best towns on Die coast; elegantly
fitted up and successfully run for 25 years: will
invoice about $3000; this is the only first-class
place in town: cheap rent under lease; thorough,
investigation allowed: this is a bargain. GEO.
STEW ART, 602 Market st. .. -'■
_OAn SALOON; THRIVING INTERIOR
OUU. town at railroad depot: clears $125
monthly and over. M. LES-s <k CO., 783y Market.
Q.97X BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
tip.— 1 i O. icecream ■ parlor at a well-traveled sta-
tion across the bay. M_ LESS & CO., 783 1/2 Market.
JJj'rrv BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY, NO-
«]P«JtJv/.tions, stationery, etc.; corner in best
portion of Western Addition: 4 living-rooms:
chtap rent; large stock; nicely fitted up; does a
well-paying business. M. LESS _ CO., 783y 3
Market st.
_1 Qf\f\ FINE CORNER SALOON; CEN-
«JpX CUU. tral and few doors from Market: es-
tablished 20 years; sure to clear $200 monthly:
bears Investigation; a bargain. M. LESS <_ CO.,
78 2 Market st. ■
$i)f\(\ BAKERY, PRINCIPAL STREET
' i.UU, across the bay; bakes IV_ barrels flour
daily; horse and wagon easily worth double price
asked. M. LESS & CO., 7831/2 Market st. -
mttic r_ partner in saloon: object
«Jp_OU. for taking paitner, to run the business
more successfully. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
_ f'f\(\ PAR FINE-PAYING EBTAB-
«JpUUU. lished business; a. rare chance for the
right man: object for taking partner to enlarge
the business: will give trial of business. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ■
<I_9nn PARTNER IN A BUSINESS; IF
«Ip_jUV/. you investigate will interest you. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<5» 7c A LODGING-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS; FUR-
tjp 1 O\J. Dished elegant; finest locality: cheap
rent; all the rooms full; paying well; investigate
this rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
"<n_7 C CIGAR-STORE-SEE THIS FIN EBuY;
tip I O. rent cheap: locality good: laundry office
in connection. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ALOON ON MARKET ST $700
O Restaurant; $20 per day 150
Grocery and bar, 3 rooms 500
I Dry goods and notion store 1000
I Corner bakery, 3 rooms 300
Grocery and bar; bargain. 1,000
Corner saloon ; best in city 1,600
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
"RESTAURANT ON MARKET ST "$2OO
Xt Saloon, north Market st 2,500
Lodging-house, 60 rooms 2,000
Hotel, three-story :...... 12.500
DEM ING & CO.. 737 Market St.
O BUY OR SELL A BUSINESS WITH DlS-
patth, see DEMING & CO.. 737 Market st.
OTEL EAR FACTORIES; 14 FUR-
nished rooms; 20 steady boarders; selling 7 to
8 barrels of beer weekly ; large grounds; 5 to 6
dozen chickens; owner retiring; will sacrifice.
DEMING&CO. 737 Market St.
flj»Orr_ FRUIT, CANDY AND TOBACCO
dO\J. store; horse and wagon; receipts $15 a
day ; great bargain. SKIFF & CO., 921 Market st.
"sT_"Qjf7\ BRANCH BAKERY AND DELI-
-tJpOt)U. cacy store: well worth $500: daily re-
ceipts $8; 3 fine living-rooms; rent $15; , great
bargain. SKIFF ft CO.. 921 Market st. :  :
NOTICE— LOOK~AT OUR RG AJNS. ~~
xS Saloon, full value, pays well, $275.
Restaurant, clears $75 per month, $450.
Butcher shop, clears $150 month, $1200.
Fruit store, horse and wagon, $350.
■ Branch bakery, 3 rooms, make offer, $225.
Barber shop. 3 chairs, pays well, $325.
Grocery and bar, $275; cheap at $600.
1 Corner cigar store, near Market street, $275.
To buy or sell see STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
ALOON ON CITY FRONT NEAR OAKLAND
ferry; pays well: any reasonable offer will be
accepted. STRAND <& CO., 917 Market St.
(4>Of:/-_ WANTED— STEADY MAN AS PART-
<_>_i)U. ner in legitimate cash business; old
established; will clear to each partner from $75 to
$100 per month and with help of good man it can
be doubled; business easily learned and suitable for
any one wishing to make himself useful; no niirhr
or Sunday work: cheap at $500; see to-day.
STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
■fiTJTmri MAHKET-ST. CIGAR-STAND AND
<r^v/U. clnbrooms; must be sold: low rent.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st;
Q_QA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LTVING-
«3TO". rooms; low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day;
cigar stand. BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
»nn CHOPHOUSE AND SHORT ORDERS:
tlpOv/. receipts $7 day. low rent; great bargain.
BARRETT, 1126 Market St.
ARTIER IN CASH. BUSINESS: LIGHT
X work; $60 a month and board guaranteed;
$225 required. Inquire or J. MEYER, 40 Clay st.
j AKERY AT A BARGAIN: BAKES FROM 3
lJ to 4 bbls. of flour daily full inspection allowed:
| in Centerville. Alameda County. 'Address F. E.,
box 4, Call Office. -
TWO CASH BUSINESSES IN ONE FOR
sale: cheap rent. 335 Fourth st- ,
I "I/OR SALE— EXPRESS WAGON AND TWO
J? horses, harness and- express stand. Inquire of
J. GATJE, Valencia Hotel, 718 Valencia st.
WHOLESALE BAKER Y~ (BAKED BEANS
"> Vf and brown bread a specialty) ; everything
I complete; any 2 persons can get rich In 5 years;
small amount cash ; balance on time; investigate.
i 12 Adair St., bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth, Howard
and Capp. . . ■■ ... ■
LD- ESTABLISH FURNITURE-STORE,
cheap; owner going East. 935 a Folsom.
c_onnA if, YOU CAN LOAN ME THIS
<Jp_UUU. amount for 8 months, will give good
situation at $125 a month and board: business out
of the State: or will give you interest in business
that will pay you $2500 a year besides salary:
chance of a lifetime; come and see me at once.
Address J. A. L., box 66, this office. :
rpo LET— 4 NICELY FURNISHED KOOMB
. 1 for $20; also restaurant furnished; transfer cor-
ner; reasonable. Inquire ISO Central aye.
TEREOPTICON OR ILLUMINATING AD-
O vertising outfit complete; 200 slides: cheap.
140- Devisadero st. '
OR SALE — INSIDE EVENING PAPER
route; price moderate. Apply 426 Eddy, fore-
noon.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash: city or country. M., box 2. Call. ■ .
OOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63a Market, room 2.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. D., box 137, Call Office.
Xi'Oß COST ; OF FIXTURES— ESTABLISHED
-T paying restaurant, between two carhouses;
steady trade: rent $17: living-rooms attached;
don't miss this chance. 3279 Mission st. 1 V V
p OLD-COPPER MINES; . SPLENDID BAB-
VJT gains guaranteed: ,1 rich gold lode, only
$3300, worth $15,000: 5 gold mines, - $.2,000,"
worth a fortune, large developed property; 7 gold
mines,2 mi 1 . Is, big payer, $165,000. w0rth $500,000;
the biggest copper mines in the United States:
1000 leet wide; 8 to 15 per rent copper: 2. 000.000
tons In sight; only $225,000; worth $5,000,000;
other gold and copper mines cheap; easy terms.
Room 2, '230 Kearny St., CH AS.F.BLACKBURN.
lADY OF MEANS DKSIRES A PARTNER
J (German): $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
m_7f_A/ SALOON; FIRST-OI,aSS TRADE;
tjp I \J\J. in main thoroughfare; elegantly fitted
np: fine stock: 4 years' lease; low rent: taking
$18 day: immediate disposal: genuine bargain;
apply direct, no agents. ■ L., Poslofflce. Santa Rosa.
OR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS; 2 SINGLE
teams complete : stand cor. Sntter and Sansome.
OR SALE-GOOD BUSINESS, WITHiSTOCK
and fixtures, suitable for man - and I wife or 2
ladies; rooms back of store, j 610 Post st. .-. .• :
RANCH /BAKERY, NOTIONS; : SUNNY
rooms: no agents. Bush and Pierce sts. ;■ r
= \\: OMAN WANTS PARTNER IN A RESTAU-
*» rant. Apply Call Office, y ;:
p ROOERY ' AND BAR; TRANSFER COR-
VT ner. Apply this office; no agents.
p ROGER Y FOR SALE: GOOD LOCATION:
VJ low rent; reasonable: living-rooms attached.
Call at room 40, Chronicle > building, or on prem-
ises 1022 Howard sc :
J^INE CASH MERCHANDISE BUSINESS;
1 adjacent to 1 his city: capital $5000; satisfactory
reasons for selling at a sacrifice. Owner, box 21,
Call Office. , ■■'•-:■•■■■ . .
OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER SALOON IN
the best part of the city ; good reasons given.
Address A. 8., box 62, this office.
OAA FOR SALE FOR GOOD REASONS; A
v'U. good paying commission and fish stand
business. Address B. F. A, - Heaidsburg, Cat
;/ BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
_»QK.fk SALOON WITH. LARGE PATRON-
«Jt>OOU. age from Clay and Merchant. sts. to
Market; must be sold at once; owner going to the
mines; low rent. WtLKE, 531 California st.
(aiCA/i SAMPLE-ROOM; NEAR MONT-
tTpLc)V/''. gomery st.; established 20 years;
doing good business: stock alone worth the
money: owner to retire. WILKE & WOLF, 631
California st.
_ i OAM CORNER SALOON WITH CIGAR
I* ±Z.\J\> . stand on . Stockton st. , doing large
business; family affairs calls owner to East: In-
vestigate at once. WILKE «fe WOLF, 631 Califor-
nia st. " '
aifOAAA saloon IN VERY BEST BUSI-
»4T_UUU. ness location, with large patronise;
kept by owner last 9 y aw; rare chance; investi-
gate at once. WILKE — WOLF, 531 California __ .
fiTh^All CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
<T«)OU''. clearing from $250 to $300 a month:
large stock; best location; owner going to Europe.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California St.
$1 Af\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
I tIUU. with 3 living-rooms, in Mission: rent
$50; choicest location; good cash custom; bargain.
WILKE _ WOLF, 531 California st.
_/»;r/-r~cORNER~GROCERY AND BAR ON
tlpOov/. Pacific St.; good business ;- death la
family cause of sale. WILKE. 531 California st.
_P^n CORNER SALOON WITH CIGAR
is)oO\J. stand; transfer point. Western Addi-
tion. WILKE 4. WoLF, 531 California st.
$t>r (\ SALOON: BEST LOCATION; RENT
-JU. $30: lease: actual value $800; great
bargain. WILKE, 531 California st. .
AVING 2RKSTAURANTS WILL SELL ONE
cheap; trial given. Apply 1-41 Market st.
l/OR SALE OR TRADE FOB REAL ESTATE,
X 1 tools and machinery of a marhlne-shop; lathe,
drillpress. bolt-cutter, etc. Address 14 Pearl st.
TTERY REASONABLE; ONE OF THE BEST
V dye works iv the city; perfectly equipped: long
lease; very low rent; artesian well; central loca-
tion. Particulars, branch office, 619 Valencia.
AVING 2 RESTAURANTS— ONE CHEAP;
trial given. Apply 1241 Market.
RANCH BAKERY, CANDIES, CIGARS AND
tobacco, laundry office. 317 V_ O'Farrell st.|
<CQ_ loft FOR half-interest IN A MAN-
iJIOUUU ufacturing business. 328 Bush, room 4.
A LOON FOB SALE; $175; BUYS VALUE
for $300; finely located. Call room 40, Ctiron-
Icle building, or 3u9 Tnlrd sU
WANTED— COBBLER; NO CAPITAL RE-
" red. Apply a, box 17, Call Office, Oakland.
IpOR SALE AT A THE PARISIEN
1 steam laundry, SW cor. Twenty-ninth nd Do-
lores sts.; will elve lease of house and lot or will
sell half interest. .
m* IOK COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE FOR
«Jpl_ O. sale: same hands 7 years. J. COLE,
506 Howard st. . _^
<3»cr_ RESTAURANT: GOOD LOCATION;
O\J. just place for man and wife. , Apply Call.
17<INE FIXTURES OF GROCERY WITH 3
' living-rooms. 830 Howard st. ; rent $25.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR, WELL
\J stocked: doing nice business; low rent; will
sellcbeap 439 Grove st.
OR SALi-— NICKOLAS HOTEL, OR EX-
change for city lots. Cor. San Bruno road and
Army st.
c: A CHAIR RESTAURANT ON MXTH ST.;
O\f only $60. Columbia. 128 Fourth st.
<I_l ( )r\f\ A FINE FITTED UP GROCERY
«JpX_UvJ. and bar; everything new; living
rooms; low rent; giod lease. Box 9, Call Office.
ADY PARTNER WITH $150 IN ESTAB-
lished paying business. Address J. A., box
124, Call Office. ■ - - - -
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TKRMOF YEARS;
XX new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, y% block N of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For further
particulars apply to S. SILVERBitRG, 320 San-
some st.. room 39.
Targe nicely FURNISHED dining-
Xj room and kitcben, Sutter st., near Taylor, In
exchange for board: none but reliable persons
need apply; good business opportunity. Address
C, box 12, Call Office. '
ARGAIN IF SOLD BEFORE THE IST—
Cozy home; ; 6 well-furnished rooms. 620
Larkin st. ■_
TJLACKSMITH SHOP, TOOLS, BUILDING
• > and large stock; fine established trade. Ad-
dress B. S., Windsor Hotel.
OLD ESTABLISHED LOAN OFFICE FOR
sale; $4000 required. Add. Loan, box 163. Call.
C_QA A BARGAIN; WORTH $150; CIGAR
«J)OU. and candy store. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
<S±Clf\(\(\ buys a BUSINESS PAYING over
iDPUUU 100 per cent profit. B. C, box 9, Call.
ANTED— CIGAR-STAND NORTH OF MAR-
ketst.; must be well located; state locality
and selling price. Address J. M. C. box 67, CalL
GROCERY AND BAR; 2 FURNISHED LIV-
VJT ing-rooms just the place for man and, wife;
no reasonable offer refused. AuplvCa'l Office,
LODGING-HOUSES I i>t; SAL,—.
/m *-» a 19 nnn\f«. ifnnv st . AM KPij'.pir
<JT»QCA 12 ROOMS: EDDY ST. A. M. SPECK.
HpOO\J.'& co., Boa ararket, st. ;-—---•- -
1 /_» ROOMS; ONLY $550; POWELL ST?
ID SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.
CA ROOMS; BOARDING-HOUSE; CORNERT
O\J any reasonable offer. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. '
I 1 -ROOM HOUSK, IN PAYMENTS... $150
XI 2js rooms on Market st $600
40 rooms, worth $3000, price. $1500
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200.. $1800
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to. $5000
Apply to DECKER, 102 J Market. ,
1 Q ROOMS: A REAL GOLD MINE; OLD-
-1 O established house; elegant new modern fur-
niture; new carpet; everything first class; cheap
rent ; owner retiring from business. DEMING <\t
CO., 737 Market st. .
"I 1 f\<.~) HOWARD— SMALL LODGING-HOUSK .
X l-U— for sale cheap.
O RENT —15 WELL LIGHTED ROOMS,"
suitable for lodging-house: $25. 544 Sixth st.
T ODGING-HOUSE, 12 ROOMS, ALL RENTED;
X-i fine location. Address E. E., box 67. Call.
OUSE 26 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS,
$1000; rent $55: water free: or will exchange
for city or country property. 439 Jessie, nr. Fifth.
WO LODGING-HOUSES; 16 ROOMS; ONLY
X $200; clear profit $40. 859 Mission st.
no WELL - KURNI^HED ROOMS: FULL:
i£O low rent: price $575. Inquire grocery. 40 6th.
_OJL»GING-HOUS_S TO LET.
(100 VAX NESS, COR. GROVE— 44 ROOMh;
_•)_ arranged for lodgings or honskeeping.
-•UKINITUKE __OK SALE.
i^rRE^SALr?T~" -— ~-—~- *~~~~_-»
1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. .
Oak^ed sets $18 50
Bed lounges..... 8 00
Stoves 7 60
Carpets, per yard '. 55
Linoleum, per yard....... 65
Matting, per yard...... 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we ■. are conducting business
at SE. - corner Seventh and Mission . sts. J.
NOON AN. . " ■ -
T?LOOR OILCLOTHS $ 20
X I Engll h Linoleum 35
Brussels Carpet 45
4-room outfit, solid oak 75 00
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market st.
li URNITURE OF 7 ROOMS AT A SACRI-
— flee; owner sick. 133 Seventh St.. cor. Natoma.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings. .
Al\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
riUU stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: foldlng-bedi.
$10: bed- ounces. $7. T. IV MCCARTHY 11.' 4th.
FUK-S'ITUKE ANTED.
OD-HANiT^UBNITURE FOR COUNTBY;
L good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 CALI-
. fornia st., corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise. . . - ■:-_,-
M ALONE PAYS *0 PER CENT MOBS
than elsewhere for furniture -to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth «C
FFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURHS
send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market.
BASCH, 321 SUTTEK WANTS FURNI-
• tare, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
Mayer buys your furniture,
. carpets, piano. 11K5 Market: ___L Jessie 761.
carpet CLEANING.
T o^eT^Tlo?~~ca^p^t^^l^alcin^ano
O renovating works. Main office 85 and 27 8:h.
pARPET CLEANING, 3a: LAYING, 3c.; RUC*
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Straiton, 19 Bth st.
pREAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATING
vT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. : teL Sa 40.
pONKLIN'SCABPET EKATING WORKS. »M
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
IT V STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
tIncr. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATE^
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tent-: te_
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH _c 6., successors.
K. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN INU CO., _4»
. 14th St.: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING ANiTrBX-"
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson : mL sooth 2-B.^
FHYSICIANS.
"demo^d-dr.^^ cTTcTc^donnell to i'ioa"
XV Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his : museum, 1051 Market St.: bis 30 year*
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. .
PK >F_SSIONA_ CARDS.
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ABHEB,
O attys at law, rma 516, 5 16, 6 1_ floor, Parroit Wag,HOUSES TO tBT.
"7 TENTH — HOUSE7~T~ROO^isT~LOW
4«Jtb rent; no children.
mO LET-FINE HOUSK. WITH ABLE; 8
1 rooms with bath; $40: water free; will rent
without stab c. $33 50. Apply at 618 * ell st.
T OOK JtT 9 ROOM HOUSE. 26. FRANKLIN
Jj St., near Market: $35 with water; cheap rent.
SUTTeTTsT., NEAR TAYLOR-VERY
choce; elegant; spacious: reasonable.
PPBECIATED IF SKKN: 829 V. SUTTER,
A near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
mO _ET-A HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
1 fine basement: rent 525 Apply 353 Grove st.
"S'QO £A 1607 JACKSON ST., WEST OF
JjSZ-..«JU. Larkin; 2-story house of 6 rooms,
hath and basement: in perfec: repair. Apply
BL'RNHAM A MARSH CO., 828 Market st.
O LET-SUNNY RESIDENCE SE. CUR.
Taylor and Broad 10 rooms and bath; fine
view. Apply H. MEYER, 929 Broadway.
!mO LET-T\V(>STORY HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS
1 and bath. 1223 Golden Gate aye.
TO RENT— S3S; WARM BELT: MISSION
1 Nob Hill: cor. Liberty and Dolores sts. : hand-
some Eastlake bouse; 10 large rooms and bath
perfect order; large garden. ■
_OA HOUSE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, AT 826
J|pZU. Polk st.
PLENDID 8-ROOM HOUSE: 3553 TWEN-
tieth st . bet. Valencia and Mission; see it;
very low rent. ■ ■ '■'■
OUSE— A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st. _; _j .
VCKSISHKD HOLSKS.
Imo RENT FOR SUMMER MONTHS— WHOLE
X or part of large furnished house in Santa Cruz
Mountains: beautiful situation. Address H. GER-
ARD, Sky land P. «>., Wnchts, Santa Clara Co.
/'-ROOM COX. HOUSE. OAKLAND, STABLE,
0 large lot. $:-<O. Apply Dentist. 10 Geary st.
COTTAtiES TO LET.
/COTTAGE; 8 8U N N V ROOKS;^_U>Tbas£-
V, men.; to small laaiily. 1230 Folsom St., near
Ninfh. *■ —
/COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS; STABLE FOR 4
V. noises; cheap rent. 1303 Baker St., nr. Geary.
7.) 1 LOTT— COTTAGK 5 ROOMS ANDBATH;
I __1 garden in front ; rent $19: owner, 111 Van
Ness aye.
ptOZY SUNNY COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS, BATH
V and yard. Metcalf place; key at 418 Geary st.
QV.NXY ■ COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS. KEY AT
O 1923 Union st. •.
ffiC '-(\ COTTAGE; FLAT, $11; BATH:
C>O.«.)U. large private yards; cheap. 1123
>, Vailejo st. ■■■ ■ ■
OTTAUK OF 8 1 O .MS; BATH; GARDEN;
yard. 2824 Mission st.
FUKNISH_I» KiATS.
SUNNY &-ROOAI lI.A 1. NICKLY FlK-
nished; piano, bath, yard; Mission warm belt;
every convenience: reasonable to responsible
party. Address Flat, box 3-', Call.
FLATS TO LKT.
gT7yfJ7*T\VKNT 1 . riiii:i) - i.owkr FLAT:
*tU i I 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bath ,
large yard: sun all day; rent, $14; wa er free.
-1 n/17 Sl'EINEtt. NKAR SUTTEK— LOVER
J. OU I flat ft modern, large, sunny rooms; bath,
QAI uni6n,~cor7 MASON, 3 ROOMS, $12-,
OUI 25 Minna, 4 rooms. $11 new; 1616 Point
Lobos aye.. 7 rooms and ba:h, $18.
(j_ Irj FLAT 5 ! ion MS AND HATH. 1027
O 1 ' . Post St., near Polk.
<2_l/v FLAT H NICE LARGE SUNNY
t!pXU. rooms, upstairs. 169 Clementina St., off
Third.
(B* I A SUNNY FLATS 3 ROOMS. 1112 JES-
tjp 1 U. sic sc, bet. Hermann and Ridley.
UN NY FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
cheap. 806 Olive aye., off Webster. -
SEE THESE BRIGHT, COZY NOB HI-L
O flats; b rooms, bath: marine view: rent reason-
able: 2.8 and 10 Hanover place, off Sacramento.
below Mason: key corner Mason; large dwelling.
UPPER FLAT OF 4 SO_«_f_ ROOMS: RENT
J $10 to a small family. 311 Harriet st, ne-
tween Sixth and Seventh, near Bryant; water free.
TAPPER FLAT; 6 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH.
U 18 Guy place, off First, between Folsom and
Harrison. ■
rfui SIXTH— 4 ROOMS, HALL. FOLDING
*)_-_. doors, mantel, yard: rent reduced. $12:
also 6 rooms, bath; large yard: rent reduced. $12.
A CQ7 EIGHTEENTH-4 AND 5 ROOMS;
tiOO< hath; $11 ana $13.
T OWER FLAT: 4 ROOMS. APPLY 121 SIL-
J- ver St., near Third.
rfjj-l A KKDCCED: UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS;
«JplU. yard. 1614 Leavenwor.h St.
1 7 ELLIOT PARK, OFF STEINER, NEAR
X I Geary— 3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar;
rent $1_ 50. Inquire 1911 Geary st. .
Q LAi<GE ROOMS. YARD £409 THIRTEENTH
0 St.. above Valencia. '.
BAY-W IX DOW FLAT. 6 ROOMS, ■■ BATH
rent reasonable. 825 Howard st., near Fourth.
EQ.I F\ DORK ST_ OFF BRYANT— FLAT OF
Die) 4 rooms; $9. Inquire 319.
VICE SUNNY FLAT Or' 5 BOOMS IN GOOD
IN oraer. 224»4 O'Farrell st.; rent $12 50.
TTPPER FLAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS; BaTH;
U $1& s_lß Shotwell st. '
rpo LET-FLAT 4 BIG ROuMS; $10. TWEN-
-L tleth and Folsom sts.
1 »i- CLARA — HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND
XLfJ yard; $12. .
A C 7Q EIGHTEENTH- 1 NEW ELEGANT
rtO I V flat; 5 rooms, bath, yard and cellar. .
""VfJiW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 4 ROOMS. BATH.
i!a yard; $13. 3037 Twenty-second, nr. Howard.
IQu'NNY UPPER FLAT 4 RO MS: YARD. 52
O Norfolk St.. near Eleventh, off Folsom.
TpLAT 7 ROOMS, BATH; LATEST IMPROVE-
X ments; corner. 737 Hayes st.
d£iT7 ELEGANT NEW MODERN SUNNY
«JpJ. 1 • flat; 5 rooms; bath. 141 San Jose aye.,
near Twenty-fourth. *
3 ROOMS EACH: YARD; BASEMENT.
- x 123 San Jose aye., near Twenty-third si.
YEAR CITY HALL: FLATS 4 AND 5 ROOMS.
1> 149 Grove gt. and 127 and 716y_ Ivy aye.
~\a~]QA POST— S ROOMS AND BATH, FUR-
JUItJ nished or unfurnished; only $20. Apply
on premises.
1619 c Post— 4 rooms: nice and sunny $10.
1318Natoma— 4 rooms; $12.
©19 UPPER FLAT, 4 LARGE SUNNY
«Jp-L«J. rooms. 728i/_ McAllister st.
T OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT. 5 LARGE
XJ rooms. 30V2 Moss, off Howara, near Seventh.
099 fT f\ 1"35 ASH AYE.. OFF VAN NESS,
ij<~£.O\J . nr. McAllister— Flat 5 rooms, bath.
D" ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
!XJ with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bush St., bet. Franklin and Gou.h; rent, in-
cluding water, $42 50.
"VfEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
1* water free. 529 Ivy aye.
'JO/-1 MCALLISTER— FLAT 3 ROOMS AND
I— .Ujjbail): sunny side; rent reduced.
aTn" 4-ROOM " TIPPER FLAT, HALF A
C !-V/» block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye.
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
' > ta«es. from $6 to $20. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st.
J.M.AT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
1 rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery su _^
I OWi-R FLAT— TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
JJ 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: batn; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water free.
1/__UANT NKW, FLATS. .JtVKKTH ST., BK-
X- low Bryant. 5 and 8 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
1 P»l A MISSION— TOP FLOOR; NICE HO USE-
X-/JL_: keeping; 3or 4 rooms; bath, yard, laun-
dry, basement. -
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
'""" tdilT Street. ".
. 90 EDDY— ONE FURNISHED SUITE FOR
_«7 light housekeeping; clubroom or doctors.
Q] 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
OXt keeping rooms; splendid location; private.
-' '. —.His MICB..
OOA EL.LIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
OOU .keeping rooms, In rear, $12; also single
rooms.
"* ICltt ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
I \J\J complete foi^housekeeping.
Ellwood Street.
6EI.LWOOD, /)FF O'FARRELL, BET. POW-
ell and Mason— 3 unfurnished; quiet family
key «V 2 Ellwood st.
Fell Street.
(\A FELL-2 SUNNY ROOMS, HOUSE-
OKf^t keeping, $10; 3, $15.
i-ntli Mieet.
991 FIFTH-NICE FURH-SHED FRONT
*-_ rooms with kitchen for housekeeping.
O 1 A FIFTH-SUNN V FRO NIB A V .W IN DOW
— >X _ room and kitchen; bath: renovated ; $12.
09;; FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-"
«>— O keeping: 2. $10: 3, $13; single, $5.
I'oUom Mrfo .
"I ft A'} FOLSOM— FOR RENT, 2 OR 3 SUNNY
±U__i bay-window rooms for light housekeep-
ing, or suitable for 2 or 3 young men.
fourth Street.
AQ7 FOURTH-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
'i ' * I housekeeping: private family.
Jackson Street.
Q9A JACKSON ST. — FURNISHED BUNNY
OjLVt front housekpg rooms $7 to $9; single, $4.
Jessie Street. [
A r7O JESSIE— 2 s FRINT ROOMS, FURMSH-
"i 1 U ed for housekeeping; also front room.
Juiim" -eo..
Z.ACI MINNA - FUkNImHED ROOMS FOR
uiU housekeeping; large yard.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued,
toward Street.
.1-1 MINNA, NEAR FIFTH-FURNISHED
0 i X sunny front room; stove, closets; private
i&mily. ________________________
7»' Q HOWARD— 2 OR 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
I) OO for housekeeping; reasonable.
, 'rn-t 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
1 i O ii sunny suite, with kitchen; others; reason-
»_______________________ _________
-1 .11 = HOWARD— THREE UNFURNISHED
lull) rooms; light housekeeping: use bath and
laundry; no children: rent reasonable. : '
1 rr-c HOWARD— 2 OK 3 PLKASANT COM-
J. I OO piete housekeeping rooms; morning sun;
cheap to right parties
Larkin S'ree;.
QO£ LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
• )_O keeping aptmts; Ist floor; gas ranges; bath.
Qf\A LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED BKD-
O\J "± room aid kitchen, f 10; doable room $7.
. ' >-, iM«lim leeu
,\9,rri MISSION— SUNNY ROOM. KITCHEN,
• Ji-O'Z exclusive bath and porch; other rooms.
f(V>O~M I O N — P ARLOR FLOOR SUITA-
1 ' ' — ' ) able for doctor or housekeeping.
-1 090 MISSION — 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
X^_._j rooms, complete for housekeeping. £
Sew Montgomery Street.
1 ft' NEW MONTGOMERY— HANGED
1 \'t> hands; clean trout housekeeping suites $8;
back $7. ______
Niutli Street.
OA NINTH— FRONT SUITES: HOUBEKEEP-
—v/ ing; 2to 4 rooms: slove; single; gas; also
24tf Eighths-' '.- '
Octuvia Street.
1403 OCTAVIA, CORNER GEARY— FUR-
-1 'iv'O nisbed sunny bay-window; connecting;
cheap.
O'Jbarrell Street.
JQI O'FARRELL— 'I OR 3 COMPLETELY
"it") 1 furnished housekeeping rooms: also parlors.
7 A/1 O'FARRELL— 3 SUNNY UNFURNISH-
I U1 ed front rooms: private family: cheap.
Pearl Street. .
'VPEAKL, MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA— 2
0 or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
I'olk Street.
1 709 1 POLK, COR. CLAY— SUNNY HOUSE-
-1 I v/ — ;> keeping and single rooms.
Sacramento Street.
3 ELEGANTLY FURNISHED ROOMS AND
0 kitchen with 3 double beds; A No. 1: sunny
side: center of city: to family without small chil-
dren; on or after July 1. Apply 630 Sacramento
St., near Kearny. ,
seventh Street.
IQR SEVENTH— 2 LARGE SUNNY FUR-
IOU nisbed front housekpgrms.: veranda; yard.
-1 '7 SEVENTH — CONNECTING ROOMS
1 0 I and large rooms for housekeeping from $8
! Up.
sixth Street.
9"! C\ SIXTH — NICELY FURNISHED
__ J- O2 front room, with kitchen rent reasonable.
<9Q SIXTH— BASEMENT, 3 LARGK ROOMS.
*i — ') yard, $8: furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms. ■
"'9Q SIXTH— _ UNFURMSHKD SUNNY
OiifJ rooms with cellar, for man and wife: $6. ■
Stevenson Street.
i lOC STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH
■J'_._l— First floor; very convenient. Apply :
within.
Stockton .-Street.
9AA STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY, NEAR
— I*l/ the Emporium— 2 sonny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms: $12; references.
layior Street.
"I AQ TAYLOR ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
IUO sunny rooms for housekpng; also front rm.
liiircl Street.
pOLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD— SINGLE
V. suites, light housekeeping, $5 up; brick build-
ing: yard. j
OO_) THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OOt keeping rooms; rent $6.
Turk Street.
II^TrEK- ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
HO suites, single mis: light hskpng privileges.
Twelfth Street.
1 QJ. TWELFTH— UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
IOi keeping rooms: closets, sink, range.
Van >esH Avenne.
O9A VAN NESS AYE. — 1 NEWLY FUR-
Q+*\J nished housekeeping room : corner house.
409 Van, ness— 2 rooms . furnish kd
"iil/_i for housekeeping; one front, sunny; cheap.
"Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OK 3 NICELY
furnished housekeeping rooms: cheap.
Miscellaneous.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING; $1 50 PER
XV week. Keys 8 A nthony st.
. BOOMS TO LET.
Adalr Street.
1 9 ADAIR, BET. FIFTEENTH AND SIX-
-1 — . teenth, Howard and Caj'P— Double parlors;
hot and cold water; bath; American family;
rent $8. '
• Bush Street.
797 BUSH— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
I — I also single; light housekeeping.
1 1 07 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
X XVJ 1 rooms, gas, hot and coid water: bath.
_.ddy street.
"I "I Q EDDY— SUNNY, NEWLY FURNISHED
110 rooms, $6 up; 2 light housekeeping.
C"l A EDDY— LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
«Jl*u sunny front parlor; reasonable; private
family.
i-iglith street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 2R BTH
0 at., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
EIGHTH— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS SUIT
XX_-i able for man and wife.
■tills Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
lights in every room: reading-room contains all
daily papers; open all night; rooms, per night, 35c
to $1 50; week. $2 to $8: month, $8 to $80: fire
escapes; elevator on office floor- r'ms for families.
THK RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATK 8.
J- HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot A cola water.
; DOSKDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
it at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
099 " ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
«J_.__ i'ALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
Essex Street.
1 9 ESSEX— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
X.. pished and unfurnished. ■
fifth Street.
99"1 FIFTH— FURNISHED FRONT
__-jX rooms; reason able. ■ : ■ .
fifteenth Street. ■
"I PiQ7 FIFTEENTH-SUNNY, "NFURNIBH-
X fJfJ I ed room for housekeeping, or with board.
lolsom Street.
709 FO_SOM— NICE SUNNY SUITE FOR
I *js light housekeeping: rent reasonable.
_.ar->tree.. v » .
HA GEARY", NEAR KEARNY— HANDSOME
XT front suites; single rooms, also first floor
front bay-window office: everything new.
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
£iX I a unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
£1 O OEARY-ELEGANT ROOMS FOR OF-
fJi-yJ flees, suites and single; sunny: bath.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary st.. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Glen Park Avenue.
5 GLEN park AYE., OFF twelfth ST.—
unfurnished sunny rooms; closets: bath.
i.oiueu Oate Avenue.
/IOQ GOLDEN GATE— NICE SUNNY FUR-
tJVt/ nished rooms. ■ -■• : : - :
C"l C* GOi.DEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT,
O X\J sunny rooms su table for 1 or 2. gentlemen.
t.rove street.
int GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
X\JO front room, *7; back, $5. • '
, Hickory Avenue
m HICKORY AYE., NR. GOUGH-LARGE
front room, furnished: $6.
■ Howard Street.
£»9Q HOWARD-SUNNY double AND _IN-
U-.O gle rooms: gas; bath. ..--. .
7O_t HOWARD, COR] THIRD — FINELY
• \J~t furnished suites : and ; rooms, also house-
keeping
1 1 _9 HOWARD-SUNNY ROOMS; RANGE;
X X _:_; bath; rent $10; rooms by night.
TTOC HOWARD-UNFURNISHED FRONT
x J^O room and kitchen; cheap: no children.
1 BA9 HOWARD— 3 OR : _ SUNNY ROOMS;
lOU_.rentsB. r ' ■■■■■.
i-carny stree..
A RLINOTON HOUSE, - 127 KEARNV-
-i *■ Pieasantsuuny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In (very respect; terms reasonable.
VVT E have ROOMS TO rent, CALL AT
•" Uemai and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny .t. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued,
• alone* street. .
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
suite: also sunny alcove room: private. *
OA7 JONES — THik V A \VINK_K-. NKW
_wU I manaeement; elegant" tunny suites - and
tingle: newly turnlshed: batu.'etc.; SIU 10 S3l).
Q/11 JONES — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
OUI sunny room; board . : if desired • private
family. ■'-.-. !.-' ■ ' -'.'
Leaven worth Street.
2 ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN; $5. AN $8.
810 Leavenworth st. '■'■'.'■.:'■. ' .■...
rr-t, LEAVEN WORTH— SUNNY PARLORS:
XX private house; gentlemen only; references.
_iarjt«»t' street. • *
7Q7 MARK E T — NICELY t FURNISHED,
(Of pleasant, sonny rooms: very reasanable.
OCA mXSKE~T ST., COR. STOCKTOX— ELE-
OOU gantly furnished; en suite or single; day,
week or month. ', ■ »
V OSKMITK HOUSE, - 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to $1: week. $1 SO to $5: families.
-] 991 MARKET— FRONT ROOM;
X^dZtX furnished: private family.
Martha ; Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, BETWEEN
Mason and Taylor— Large sunny rooms, $7 per
mouth. • . • ■ ..."
.Miiim:i Mrce..
nC*rT MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UL» I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
Mint Avenue.
O_l MINT AYE., OFF FIFTH, NEAR MAR-
—"I ket— Furnished bay-window rooms, en suite
or single; other front rooms; reasonable. :: -~ .
_s at 0111 a Street.
CQQ NATOMA, THIRD FLOOR—
000 nished bay-window rooms, also furnished
rooms; very cheap. ...
Oak Street.
QAC OAK— UPPER FLOOR; 3 TJNFUR-
O\JO nished rooms and bath; reasonable.
hit.. 11 Streot.
4f\ai O'FARRELL— NEWLY FURNISHED ]
jtUOg front room; bay-window; use of piano. |
C9O O'FARRELL — NICE FRONT ROOM;
O—O private family; gentleman; reference.
Q9Q O'FARRBLL, FIRST HOUSE FROM
VJjfj Van Ness— Furnished rooms; private fam-
ily: reasonable. 1
Polk Street.
1 r.OO POLK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
1 <)__ suites: single rooms; light housekeeping
privileges. ■ ■ . ■
1 (XCi 6 ) POLK, NR. SACRAMENTO— SUNNY
xUU_j front: also 2 unfurnished housekeeping.
Post Street.
OHO POST-LOWER PART OF HOUSE TO
DUO let; 3 rooms and kitchen.
7"! C POST— FURNISHED OR UNFURNISH-
• 1 iJ ed sunny rooms to rent; gas, bath; central.
Sacramento Street.
1 QAQ 3 SACRAMENTO — NICELY FUR-
_.GUt7 nished room.
- Sansoine Street.
ZUM KAISERHOF, 816 SANBOME ST.. BET.
Pacific and Broadway — Fine sunny rooms,
newly furnlsned, $3 per month and upward; house-
keeping rooms. ' ' '
Shotweil Street.
f\-\ Q SHOTWELL — 2 OR 3 SUNNY FUR-
vJJLO nished rooms; warm belt; no fog. v
Silver Street.
9£ SILVER— 3 ROOMS, ALSO 2 STALLS IF
--D desired.
_>i-ti_._>ire_t>.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping rooms and single rooms.
9J9 SIXTH— LARGK FRONT ROOM, SUlT-
£j~x£i able for 2 gents, $7: small room 34.
.South P;\rk.
K A SOUTH PARK — VERY DESIRABLE
fJ\J newly furnished sunny rooms; bath, gas, etc.;
reasonable: private family.
utter ->ir e..
A A SUTTKR, COR. POWELL — SUNNY
O\J\J front suite of 3rms; furnished or unfurnd.
Cl A SUITER— LOVELY SUNNY ROOMS;
0.1. _ new and handsome furniture; bath, hot
and cold: very cheap; front suite for doctor's oflice.
AO7 s UTTER — HANDSOME PARLOR
\J\J I floor of 3 rooms; furnished; also sunny
suite. -: • __^ ' . ■
79/* SUTTEK— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I —I) private; gentlemen; reference If required.
1111 SUTTER —NICELY FURNISHED
XXX. 1. rooms; suites and single; also house-
keeping. __________________
1 I\_O"BUTTER, COR. POLK-FINE SUNNY
xx _:O furnished rooms; reasonable; light house-
keeping; transient. -
Ifi I 7 -UTTER— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
lUi I for a middle-aged lady. - -- -
Taylor Street.
"1 AO TAYLOR-LARGE, SUNNY OFFICES
X\J£i for doctor ordentlst; also others; reasnub'te.
"1 AQ TAYLOR -SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS,
Ivy &l 25 a week; large double rooms $2 week,
C 9 9 TAYLOR— NICELY "FURNISHED SUN-
OZ.LI ny rooms; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable.
Tenth Street.
19= TENTH-LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
X _U room, gas, bath. $9: small one, $5.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
707 ELLIB^~WbLI^Fr RNifs'HED FRONT
tOi bay-window rooms, with or without board.
7 1 GEARY ST — NICELY FURNISHED
I X\J sunny rooms, with board; reasonable.
7I Q POST— LARGE FRONT BOOM; RUN-
I XO ning water; board optional; private.
Q9 A GEARY NT. — NICKLY FURNISH KD
O—t rooms with board; $20 to $30. Telephone
east 958. .
KA') VAN NESS — SUITE OF PARLORS,
OV.'_J suitable for couple, or doctor; single rooms:
board optional.
Ti r ANTlil) -2 YOUNG MEN TO TAKE ROOM
"" and board In private club; references ex-
changed. Address T. R., box 68, Call Office.
1 flfll SUTTER (H O R ER ) — SUNNY
-L" X suites and rooms; good table. MRS.
STANFORD. ~
/COLUMBIA HOTEL— D. BUCKLEY, FOR-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public < that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy st. ; meals 25c.
fTillE STEWART, COB. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
X worth— furnished rooms, suites orsingle.
OTKL BEKTLINU. 714 iiUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern convenience. ■ , . ■
STORES TO LKT.
TOP FLOOR FOR MERCHANT TAILORING;
window dlgplayon ground floor. Bl7Market st.
OFFICJiS TO _,__. •
KENT— ELEGANT OFFICE ROOMS, 4;
wa.er. 400 Powell st^
1 370. MAR KET— FRONT OFFICES; SEC-
Xi) I \J ond floor; new modern brick; reasonable
terms. .•■■■■-■■ ; . '...-. ■-.- ■■ ■ ,/. - ; . . ..
SPRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET-
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMB.SEX A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
M"^^S?l_^LVlLl]_r^NT?MßT^lT?O^T^STrr
vocal music: piano; elocution; practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a spe-
cialty ; vocal classes Monday 8 p. v. : $1 a month.
LOCU HON. DRAMA. DELSARTE. PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. .299 Hyde st. ; call after Ip. m. ■
B OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley: special classes tor the universities. :
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, .4 POS. ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue. r —
PIANO LESSONS, 50c HOUIC~M_t. WAffS;
218 Golden Gate aye. . ■ . . f : ;,.- -r...
USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
In singing: $4 a month. 854 Mission St. ■
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
■*- violin, guitar. -mandolin, bar.jo. 1707 Market.
TVTIUHT ciiTMJL : HK A L "x. COLL
-j-' Pogt:conimercial. shorthand, English; low rates
OOKKEKPING BY TAKKs ONLY ACCOUNT-
XJ ant teaching; : 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
A TTEND BTIEHL'SCOLLIegIv7_*3 "MARKET
A. . St. ■>■ The very best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1 books free.
BOOKKPNO, WRITNO, ARITHMTC. GRAMR
day & night ; noclaiises: $5 month. 845 Mission
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOoA-
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
TOSKPH _K_ VKN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
' O Ninth st. .-.-■.■■ -■: ... - .- . .-. ■ .-,, jy : >.r..-.;
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILI AN
and Parisian, 8 lessons w. ; $3 m. Mage b1d.,r.37.
PaNISH, FRENCH. GERMAN; MODERATE.
Melaterschaft School Lnnguaees, l.a O'FarreU s;
AY RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, j bookkeeping, eta: - life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month. -
|J_LABCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MB-'
kj chanical engineer! surveying, architecture,
essay ; tslab. 'fei. YAM DUO. XAILUWi, 7.3A.1U.
.'". ; , . , clairvoyants.
A"^s^St^nce~avjTa dviue '■ '" " "' "' T"""' "' •
IV that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy ana successful. ■'■■-
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE.
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be I consulted In ■ love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, ' etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, i roubles healed, brlnss the ;
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture." Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 2-0 Eddy st.
Letters with stamp answered. . Hours— 9 :to 9
dally and Sundays.
ITANA THE GYPSY. , ..-.-. ;
This remarkable woman has just, arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fa'e;-she ad-
vises you 011 sp?onla.ion,' business affaiis, love,
courtship, matrimony; she reunite) the separated
and causes speedy a'd.hHppv marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk st.
MX. POKIER. WONDERFUL CLAI VOY '.
ant, i curd-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 1.6 Turk st., nr. Jones.
A RRIVED— MRS. HANSON READS HEAD
XX. and calm, also cards and tells past, present
and future." 17 Fourth St., room 7. .
MISS HELEN DE HARCOURT, CLAIRVOY-
ant and medium. 110 Sixth st., room 10.
MRS. KATE HOSKINS, TEST CIRCLE TO-
night; 25c. 135 OaK st.
MMX RAVKNA HEADS -LIFE FLUENTLY:
buBlnessadvice:natne3 sdven;.Sc up. 5 Fourth.
MS STEWART, THE SEVENTH DA UGH-
ter, is a born medium : guarantees you a true
likeness of . future husband or , wife: materializes
before your own eyes, so 110 fraud is practiced upon
the public,, for 50c and $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift, Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
M~ ME. LKGEITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tebama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, GIVES
. Infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44- .5, 306 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
\*M_,'3IOEEAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
-H past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE T£LLS FROM CRADLB TO
the grave: fee .5 cents. 914 O'FarreU st.
ME. AKKUT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the pictureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
-TURNED. WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
prPSent anil fntnr«»: price* moderate. 856 Mission.
SI'iKiTUAJLISM.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that lcok of . sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years past, is
again at her old officer, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every ; suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. = Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky : love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how lone standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment by mail is always most suc-
cessful and satUfacory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, *
V 1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
■ San Francisco. . ■
RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS,
The world-renowned spiritual medium, still
continues to hold the public's attent'on by her
wonderful work. Thousands have been united,
married, made well and enjoyed riches by follow-
ing her advice. '.Your life described from cradle 10
the grave. I Her revealed medicines work miracles
with the sick- and a ill til; letters with stamp
answered; diagnosis from lock of hair: hours 10
to 8: closed Fridays: sittings $1. 1-06 Market st.
TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT,~IOcf~SKKPTICS
invited. MMX. YOUNG, 605 McAllister si.
RS. SHRINK >: It>TCI.CL. Tu-.NM.HT:
tests to all, 25c; sittings daily. 311 Van Ness.
ATE HKUSSMAN'S GRAND TKS MEET-
ing to-night at 110 Hayes st. : admission free.
j IjISHOP GARRISON, 1870 M . RK_T ST.;
It seances every . night except Mondays and
Thursdays; independent slatewriting, materializa-
tions and trumpet speaking: private sittings dally,'
I $1: chairs lor seance, _sc; grind developing circle
Saturday nights: hours daily 9 to 4.
DDIK SWAIN'S DEV. CIR. POSTPONED
to Tuesday evening; 25c; both sexes. 14 Mc-
Allister st. ',
DDIE SWAIN (MEDIUM), PSYCHIC PHY-
slcian: ladles only; no fee except. Rift;. circle
Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays. 1 14 McAllister.
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCK AND BDSI-
i'l n»ss medium: sittings daily: $'.. 136Onkst.-
ASTROLOGY.
EDrcXiT^T^oTCoG Y^-^PR^jFTmrvvAßirs
vital remedies remove fill chronic troubles and
restore to perfec. health. 311 Hyde st., 10 to 3.
HE, Dlt. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
m. Kearnv. now 91!? Pout: fee $1 : letter $2.
'•". .'."','"" MKDICAI..
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITiES R&
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice ; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment;
never fails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects ; never makes them sick to make them well ;
travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit the
times; home 'in confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank:
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. _t to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. ■
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure caii on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
I A DIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
Xj royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," In letter by re-
turn mail: at druggist's. Chichester Chemical Co.,
Philadelphia. Pa. .
PkEEP-SEATED CATARRH IN THE HEAD
I/ is being cured cieap without Inhaler. A. L.
WHEELOCK, 614 Kearny St.. Maine House.
TNSTITUTE OF PNKU_tATOPATHY FOR
X healing and inslructions; 2729 Jackson st ,
hours, 10 to 6; consultation free; call or write for
our "New Methods"; the poor healed free.
R. PENA CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant av<>. : A w. y
ADIEB, CONSULT FREE MltS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell St.; oniy qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases of t lie eyes troated.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
specially; unexcel.ed in restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees; > pills : $2. Removed : from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st.
TXR. JOSSKLYNrTHITGREAT SPECIALIST,
XJ 1.06 Market .; private and chronic diseases,
lost manhood and female troubles; P. O. box 2275.
RS. DR. WEOENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. ' 419 Eddy st.
MR«. J. A: ACHaRD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement: 25 yrs' experience. 555 Mission.
RIVATE HO_h IN CONFIX* EMKNT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth .„, Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS.DR. PUKTZ and be content. _64iy_ 4th.
SURE CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,"
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. Pit. G>V K, 226 Turk st.
DR. HALL, 14 AtuAI_IHTUK bTKKKT. NUAtt
IJoncs. licenses of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-*A BOON. TO
-X ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure; $2 60 w.press U. O. D. don't delay
until too late. . O6UOQD BROS.. Oakland. Cal. ,
A' vVEjsjTs* • NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
DENTISTS.
TpIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X prices; •■ first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAH-
DIN&, CM., M.D., 600 Sutter st., corner Powell.
I |R. DUCKKTT, 1703 POaT ST., NEAR IiU-
XJ i cnr.nnn: gas given; crown and brldsre work.
R. L. T. I'KAKZ- EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown " work, t bridge work ' and teeth withons
plates a specialty. ' 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ava. .
$7 A SET *OK TKKTH: WARRANTED AH
tjp i good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist,, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
I\K. LUDLUM. HILL, 1443 MARKKT ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per get: extracting 50c; gas given.
T/'ULLi - eu. »: \jf ;'i Ji.i.'iii,' $7:AVAKKANTE_
X five years.' DR. V. CA VaLSKY. 24 Sixth st. ;
XT OF TiSKTH WITHOUT A _"___'-'__ UK. ii.
G.YOUNG,'IB4I Polk st. " '
1 K. GEORGE W. LKEK, ■ THiS GKNUINB
,XJ Leek dentist,' discoverer of oalnless extraction
i and patentee of improved ? bridge ■ work or teetn
without any plate, moved from B to '20 O'FarreU st.
PAINLESS '^-EXTRACTION. ■■ 60c; .r CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 vearj'
experience. :\ R. L. WALsH. D,D.S., 8153,4 Geary.
1OLTO:* DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80. _LAX"
\J ket bt. y DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. : .
DX. J. J. LEEK, 1208 MARKET. COR. GOLDBN
.tiaia »ve,— opea eve-ings; s__._ay_ till aooa.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
ELEGANT HOME.
•;••: MUST BE SOLD.
'. BUTTER NEAR FRANKLIN. - »
fill A r\f\f\ A HANDSOME RESIDENCE
»Jp IT.UUI/.' of 9 rooms and bath, on north side
of Sutter st. : well built and in fhst-class condition:
flue neighborhood: I lot 3e_120 feet, through to
Austins- ' -ASTON, ELDRIDGE A; CO.,
. •■■.-: ■ ■■ . ' ■■. 638 Market st.
NLY $1000 CASH REQUIRED.
r ' . ELEGANT FLATS.
SACRIFICED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
dJOKfti) ■ HANDSOME MODF.RN FLATS,
<JP«7c)vJU. nearly new, of : 8 : rooms and bah
each, on a corner feel the park panhandle: beau-
tifully decorated and elegantly finished inside and
outside: entrance on different b reins to each flat;
lot 5!5x91 :'-' feet; -mortgage of $8500 at 7 per cent
interest can remain.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO..
-. - ■> 638 Market st.
A SACRIFICE. '■ -■ ■ ■-'■ • ' ~~
iV MUST be sold,
account FORECIiOS 1 re.
CM Afin A SUBSTANTIAL TWO -STORY
«J)tUI'U. house of 8 rooms, .bath and high
basement: also stable: large lot 30x115 ft.; on
15th st., half a block north of Market st. ;- mort-
gage $8000 can remain. --• -
. *-. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A- CO.,
. 638 Market st.
ii'lM. IN V-:ai__i\ T T.
_ . DESIRARLE FLATS.
ALWAYS RENTED. "
m»QXnn THREK MODERN FLATS OF 8,
t|r fjO\J\J. 7 and 6 rooms and bath on north side
of Howard St., bet. Bth and 9th sts. ; only four
years old; mortgage .I>5OJO can remain; cost over
$12,000.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
ODERN HOME - - - -..> ■-..-•
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
MARINE VIEW.
<2>AA A A HANDSOME TWO-STORY RESI-
«_S _:_:l/V«" dence of 7 rooms and bath on Bu-
chanan St.: only 5 years old; in Al condition:
porcelaiu bathtubs; everything new and modern.
JiASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., -
-■*'- 638 Market st.
IG VALUES ■ -. ; . . • . - '
IN INCOME-PAYING PROPERTIES.
ALL SPECIAL BARGAINS.
mji QAA TWO FLATS OP 4 ROOMS EACH
luuU, Dear Jon<»s and Sacramento sts ;
rents for $18 per month. • '"-'V
$4250.
FOUR HOUSES.
RENTS $52 PER MONTH.
NEAR FIFTH AND HARRISON.
LOi 37:6-112 FEET.
C_/innn A northeast corner on
«ip"v/UU. Union st. containing store and 4
rooms; fine lot 37:6x6*2:6 feet.
$2750.
1 1VE TENEMENTS.
CLARA STREET. NEAR FIFTH.
RENTS $40 PER MONTH.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
- • BSB Market st.
t OTS. lots. — " -. ' ~~
Xj .'•-. LOTS. lots.
$4500-Paciflc aye., near Baker: 27:6x127:8.
$3600— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights; 50
-127:8: reduced from $4000.
43500— Ellis St., near Steiner; .5x137:6.
83000— Baker, near Oak; 25x96:10. - "
$-300— Fulton, near Lott: 25x100.
$2250— Ashbury, near Fell: 25x106:3.
$2.so— Corner 6th aye. and B St.: 3_:6x100.
$2200— Walnut, near Clay; 25x112:6.
*2000— .2(1, near Church": 50:11x114.
$2000— Flllmore, near Union; 25x100.
$1500— NE. corner I and 17th aye.; 57:6x100.
$1050-4tn aye.. near California: 25x120. •
$900— 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; 150x100.
$800-1 st., near 12th aye.: 25x100.
8750— lOtn aye., near California; 25x120.
$550-SW. cor. N and 13th aye.; 39:1x100.
EASTON, KLDRIDGE A CO. .
638 Market st.
ÜBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSK BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
i^OR SALE— SS9 BRYANT ST., 26x80. 15
rooms; lot on -sth St., bet. Diamond and Doug-
lass, 80x114; lot on NW. cor. College anil Dwight
sts., 100x120; 2 lots on E. line of San Bruno road,
near 15th aye., 25x140: 2 lots on E. line of Gates
St., 125 N. of Crescent aye., 60x70. Will be dis-
posed of by forced sale. Apply J. B. LEWIS,
436 Montgomery st., cor, of Sacramento.
BUSINESS PROPERTY FOR SALK.
Xj Confirmation sale of valuable property before
Judge Slack on Thursday. July 2. 1896, at 10 a. m.,
situated on the southwest corner of Twenty -fourth
and Bryant sis., 130 feet on .Bryant, 100 feet on
Twenty-fourth. Inquire of SHADBURNJI, A
HERRIN, 415 Montgomery st. ■
qiji AH HAH TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6#: ALSO
<IpXWU.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums.
SHAIN\VALD, BUCKBEE A CO., 218-220
Montgomery st.
<st'y>lUn COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
«3D--xW\/. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400; lot 40x120; $25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st-
SAN RAFAEL; LOT WORTH $3,100 FOR
0 $1600: nicest lot ia town: 75x130; on accepted
street. J. R. ROCHE, San Rafael.
J^OR SALE-VALENCIA-ST. CORNER AT A
sacrifice. Apply to owner, KELLY, 102 Eddy.
! /"IHEA_\— ONE 2-STORY .,.. HOUSK, LOT; 7
! \J rooms; bath: finished basement: rooms decor-
' ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
1 On Waller st., nr. Stanyan, i/ block G. Gate Park.
' * WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUX
■LV WEEKLY CALL, In tyraoper. for mailing-.
PROPERTY WANTED. .
WTifT ED^ CrW^^irHlAirDpTlO^ilßTY
»» ■ for that lovely 100-acre farm at Niles: price
$6500. with horses, cows and tools. SPECK A
CO.. 602 Market st. ■
WANT ED-CITY PROPERTY FOR FRUIT
'» and poultry farm at Petalama. . SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st.
"I \r ANTED — GOOD- PAYING INVESTMENT
'» business property between Market, Jones and
G*ary sts., 8. F.: must pay 5 percent net; outlay
$40,000 to $50,000 cash. Address Cash, 533
Hobart St.. Oakland. ■
or" RENT -choicest location in
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley.
' PKOrU-BT- TO EXCIIASGK.
A^GTIN'r^R^OM^HOUSES: RICHMONrT;
$500 cash; lots or merchandise accepted. 1402
Devisadero st.
1 9QA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KKKN CO.;
1— ' wmer: fine for cattle-ralslnit. N..bx.l6.Cail !
MOM.V TO LOAN.
°"\ DVANCES ; ON "i)I AMON DS, JE W ELr'tJETcT
J\ Columbia Loan A Collateral Office. 9 Grant ava.
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
xtl jewelry, also oa furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st. ; open evenings. - '
I OAN3 WITHOUT INTEREST UP TO $20
4 on good security. Labor Exchange, 226 Clay.
ON EY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec
ond mortgage or life Insurance. ■ Coin, box 2, Call
\/f ONE Y LOAN _D ON JEW-LEY AND
i.VJ other valuables at the Security Loan Offica,
1 106 Market at., nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tune
A NY AMOUNT; IST, _D or 3D MORTGAGE*:
__. estates, undivided interests, real estate in nzo-
tata McCOLUAN.._4 Montgomery, room 3.
1 DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal; no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market su
IST A 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
t-te«:lowp!it ratp«:no it»ln-.MI' KI HY.62a Mrk",
-•AWNUKOKI-liS.
T.'izß^'k'EAßNV^Bf^^O^.rTS-^io^-tr'
■£*■ loaned, watches, diamonds, .etc.; low rates: prt*
vate rooms: elevator; ■ pledges for sal i cheap. *
.TOBAG-. .
e^vva^t^t^ s^t^elioT : o^s^tTCa^^
San Francisco or near by. Address 410 Market.
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
\ pply for rates forstorinw furm-
■A ture, etc. SHIKKK A SHIREK, 747 Market.
AROK DRY BASEMENT WITH HY DRAU-
J lie sidewalk elevator. ; Apply 823 Market. — '
Tip H.JIOONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
I J. •reduced rales; basement storage,sl 50 per load
URN ITU RE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
' vances. shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4Posu
T OWES. RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. Tierce, 735 Market.
■.;■• B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: flr<-t>roof building; Kastern plar..
atto un eys-at--aw. , ;
t egalbusinessti;ansa^t_d % wTthout
XJ publicity ; advice free and confidential.' P. O.
box 2132, San Francisco. -
: A D VICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS~A~SPKCt-'
JtX. ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. : G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. bSO Market.
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
• icle Dldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
E. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California st.
J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
.law; advice free. , ■24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 1 5.
AIT W.DAVIDSON,ATTORNKY-AI>LAW,42O
»T . California -sU. rooms 14 and 16: advice free.
S PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
AN FR ANcisCO^JTJNITSiri B96— NOTICE
is hereby given that the copartnership hereto-
fore existing between ERNEST BERRINOER
a_d VINCENT ; WALSH is | hereby dissolved by
mutual consent: all deots due said firm are paya-
ble to CHURCH & BERRINGER, th successors
of said firm of .Berrlnger <_ Walsh, and all claims
will be paid by said firm. : ;K. B B l '- '.I NGER, ;
>--■'■-■■ --■■■•■ ■-■■■'■■ V . WALSH.
BAGGAGE TRANSFER.
fTIRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
■ X Transfer Company, 43 > Sntter st.; ? telephone
main 49; keep your checks lor us.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
"DORTLAND, OREGON", FRUIT FARM:
i- For sale— 2o-acre farm in hieh state of culti-
vation; seven acres are planted to American vari-
ety of grapes, namely: the Concord, Diamond,
Katon, Moore's Early Worden, Niagara, now full
bearing; several hundrod large red qooseberrfee:
half an acre planted to cherries, pears, spples,
prunes, plums"; one and a haif acres p anted of
lay's and cherry currants; new five-room hard-
finished one and a half s*ory house, heated by
hot water; a barn: wagon-shed; new greenhouse,
25x52; good well: fine water: windmill and run-
ning water the year round: this place is on a good
level count}- road, four milei from Portlaad city
limits and eignt miles from center of lortland;
price, $10,000. or cau he iivided into two 10-acre
tracts— Uie tract with buihhng. $BOO 0: the other,
SHUOO: three and a half acres of grapes on each
tract: It is divided by couuty road; terms are half
cash, balance at 6 per cent. Address FREDERICK
Llin 0, i'ultou P. 0., M uitno-.iian County, Oregon.
ipOR SALE OR EXCHANGE—
A HIGHLY IMPROVED FRUIT FARM IV
full bearing offered for finely located lodvlng-
house or business.
ALSO FINE BUSINESS BLOCK IN OAK-
land for stock or grain farm.
A CHOICE 20-ACRE TRACT NEAR SANTA
Rosa; 12 acres orchard, 5 acres vineyard ; good
house and barn: plenty watvr; wiil cxc lange.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & Cu.,
Room 29, Second Floor, Mills Building.
FOB CAS H ORCITyTiEaLKSTaTE— 5-ACRE
good improved ranch in Petaluma. Apply 516
Second st.
; WANTED— 15 TO .0 ACRKS, SONOMA
" County, about. 5 miles from town: state price,
which must be low. S. P., box 45, Call Office.
ENUT.) LAND DEPARTMENT OF BO VEE,
TOY A SONNTAG. 19 Montgomery s:., for
maps and full information of McMahun Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; unequaled in Cali-
fornia. • . .
CJjiyOAA 40- AC UK JUD YEV E LV~ V ARM NEAR
*jP«-»— \J\j. town, all in grain; sood nouse, barn,
4 cows, 600 chickens, itc. SPECK A CO., 603
Market st.
rpo R_NT -FARM OF 200 ACRES; FULLY
X equipped: cheap. Address D., box 66. Call.
fij» A? I 320 ACRES FINE LAND NKAR
; fJOOOKJxJ. Reading: tine lruit and grazing:
! plenty wood and water; exchange for city prop-
erty; pay difference. I. C. SLHARFF, 20 Mont-
gomery. : ■■ j
1 A ACRES— LOS OATO3.~JUsf OUTSIDE
X\J city limits, east 1 milefrnm lostortice; most-
ly in French prunes; half In bearing; choice fam-
ily orchard, containing over 100 varieties of fruit,
and abundunre of berries and 30 varieties grapes;
completely furuishel h<iu<e, hard finished, 6
rooms, bath, stororo)m, windmill, barn, carriatje-
house, gool family hone, bugny. 2-seated sarrey
and new phaeton, chickens, chicketi-hous? and
all farming utensils; place In very finest order;
£ossemion given immediately. Addr-sb box 381,
os <iatos, Cai.
"TYaMEiTa COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOlC-
'_£_. est in the State; selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre: adjoining Umis held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell; 11-3 hours inn S. F. ;
easy tt-rms; title perfect. 57 chronicle building.
T ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and ]0 years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Mar<cet s:. , S. F.
EAITIFUL HOME;T"S ACRES FOR SALE
at a sacrifice: land is situated In Monterey
County overlooking the bay of Monterey ; fine im-
provenmiis, stock, tools, etc., go with the place;
2000 fruit trees, fine water and climate. For fur-
ther particulars address Owner, box 83, Castro-
vllle, Monterey Count}', Cal.
MARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; Io s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
KJSD OUK Llrsi O* 1 ORCHARD HU.M_S
tor sale. WOOSTKR * WHVIT()\. ehc h  Jn*».
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
EVIDENCE, LAKGR~GRoiBNBs"iF DE-
sired, barn, etc. Address Property, box 11,
Call Office, ;■-.-■■
OAKLAND HATS TO LIST.
flu i 0 N^w^^or>li}TsrTmJo^rT ; L^TliT^?o
■«I)_.O. dark or inside rooms; stove in kitchen:
dumbwaiter; water and ash-man free; central;
near Adeline station: apply at once. A. H.
BREED CO., 460 Ninth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND BOOMS AND BOARDING.
ArTpOSA-Urs] ' .".MSIA 7 H. ADAMS—
Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table ' board. 066
Eleventh st., near Jefferson. Oakland. I al. ;
"JjIOUKTEENTH a:>D (3ASTRO— TO LET.
JD wltH board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
OAKLAND FUKNITUKK FOR SALE.
f^W^B^ul^sl^rTA^l^rr^S^YTK^r^AT
-> H. SCJIKLLHAAS'. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— -1435 PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA "• SEAL ' ESTATE.
IN ALAMEDA — NICELY FURNISHED 6-
room house; bath; garden: yard; very cheap to
right party. J., box 24. Call Office.
CiA'Af Ml BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
(jJUUWU. tv. o-slory house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large roomi; Central aye.,
one nlock west of Park si. : It will surely please
you: investigate; terms to suit. G. ii. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
AHGAIN-SI3SO;NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $360 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. -•
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET. ;
O "BENT— NEWCOrrAGEro^OOMS; ALL
: modern improvements: lawn, flowers. 14: i0
Ninth, bet. Mastii and Kncinnl Station. Alnmeda.
1.1.1.K1.1.1.1 Ui. At, ESTATE.
mjQAnCASH— NEW COTTAGE OF 6
tIpOUU rooms and bath, hot and cold water,
chicken-house and stable: lot 50x100: 1 block
from Pospn station. Call on owner, 709 Cha-nning
way, near Fourth st , West Berkeley. ' :
JOSEPH J. MASON, REaL ESTATE AND
O Insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
OOD HOMES FOR RKNT OR FOR SALK
on easy terms. . O. G. MAY A CO., real estatd
«nd hnilflir:?. Onfr *<.. H* > rk»lpr. -
LEGAL NOTICES.
AT OTIC X TO CRKDITORS. — ESTATE ~OF
1> RICHARD CUNNINGHAM, deceased, some-
times called RICHARD C. CUNNINGHAM.
' Notice Is hereby given by the nnder<ignel ad-
ministratrix of the- estate of RICHARD CUN-
NINGHAM, deceased, to the creditors cf, and all
persons having claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers,
within ten months after the first publication of
this notice, to the said administratrix at room 16,
seventh floor, Mills building, Sna Francisco, Cal.,
the same being the place for the transac ion of the
business of the said estate in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of Ca'ifornia.
ALICE I. CUNNINGHAM,
Administratrix or the 'stale of RICHARD
CUNNINGHAM, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. June SO. 1898.
.. JNO. W. BOURDETTE,
Attorney for Administratrix, Mills building, San
Francisco. ,
Additional Classified Advertise-
ments on Page 13.
LATE-l SUiJt'-MNtir I.NTi.LHt-_;.NO_;.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jane 29— Stmr Fulda.fm
Genoa. imrwißUßr ii mii'm HTPiuiHTg.nrQiidntlj >rti 1 wgi. hk'Hmxj..
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out June 29-Stmr Kai-
ser 11 helm 11.
Sailed June 29— Stmr Ems, for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived out June 29— Stmr Fumes-
Sia. ".■- .■■>•■ •-, ■- -.'..- ;■• -•. . .-
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June 28— Stmr Saale,
for New York. ' '.
LlZARD— Passed June 29— Stmr Werendam.fm
New York, for Rotterdam. . z-niaigSf^Sß'EEßSs-SI
Mil >i AKIIIMS— M I
IIOKN.
HAWEB- In this city, June 18.1896, to the wife
of John W. ll awes, a son. • ■ • ' •
I ISRAEI,-In this city, June 11, 1896, to the wife :
." of M. D. Israel, a daughter. : -
MARCKLEY— In this city, June 24,1898, to the
wife of James Marckley, a daughter. .
MENDEL— In" this city. June . 27, : 1896, :to the
:■ wife of Ike Mendel, a daughter. , ■,
MEYERS— In this city, June 21, 1896, to the
wife of Frank A. Meyers, a daughter.
MILLER— In this city, to the wife of F. A. Miller, ,
a son. . . . ... .-■ '.-..■.■ :;" ■'-. ....,:...:-.-.;".-
PAGE-In this city. June 19. 1896, to' the wife of
: Charles H. Page, a son. ■,
PETERSON— In > South'. San Francisco, June' 24,
• 1896, to the wife of Peter Peterson, a daughter.
STEVENS—In this city. June 25, 1896, to the
■* wife of Calvin E. Stevens, a son. , ■ v
W ADM AN— ln this city, * June : 27, 1886, to the
wife of EmeU E. W adman, a daughter.
: : •'■; :; - V i: •'-■■■ ,i MARRIED. ,■ > ' [■^•>
BOYLE— NUTTING— In ; Maria : County, May 14,
5 1896, by the Rev. Father Valentine. Hugh A.
! Boyle of , Mill : Valley and Ada May Nutting of
;'i San Francisco. S
FRISCHE— SCHAEFER— In this citr,, June 24,
1896, by the Rev. X. M. Bnehler, . Diedrich W.
1- Frische and Catharine Set aefer. - • •.- ■
JOINER— RICHMOND— In this city. June 1%
"f 1896, by the Rev. John > Stephens, W. D. Joiner
/ and Isabel Richmond, both of San Francisco.
PIU>"ULJi-.DK " IAJN.ii-Ju.E9 29, 1890. ; by the
Rev. Dr. Dille-, David W. Pringle and Maud A-
de Long, both of San Francisco.
RASH-ZUEGKR-In this city, June 27, 1898,
hv th<» Rev. F. Bonn. Oicar Rssh and Kmlly
Zueger. both of »au trantfsco, cal.
RKGNKR— MEYEK— In this city. June SS, 1893.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehier, J rume L. Regner and
Anna C. Meyer.
SCHCLTZ-HARRIS-In this city, June 2S, 1898,
by the Rev. Dr. Flyer o' the Bush-street Tem-
p!e, Joseph B. Schukz and Anna Harris, both of
San Francisco.
Adams, Mary ('. Hayes, Agnes M.
Bo : h(nee Kennedy), K. Henry, Thomas S.
Burr, Levi McCracken, Mabel St.
Calvert. John McUowan. John
Chase, Mary A. McWiiliams, WilliamA.
Crooks. Jackson (;. slurray, Margaret
Edwards, Edward Park, Sarah
Gomez. Mn. Louisa Perusina. Antonio
Gordon. George Stuck, William
Graf. Will O. Steffen, Mathilda
Hannan, Mary Welsh, Magdalen
Young, Arthar H.
ADAMS-In this city, June 29, 1896. Mary C,
beloved wife of E. G. Adams, and mother of Wil-
lie aud Frances Adams, a native of Rochester,
N. V., aged 56 years and 4 months. ...
JS*Friendj niul acquaintance are r**my;-
fuil.v invited tQ attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. _ from the par-
lors of H. t\ Suhr & Co.. 1.09 Mission street,
near Eighth. \ Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOTH (nee Kennedy)— An anniversary requiem
high mass will be celebrated in St. Rose's
Church, Brannan strep', between Fourth and
F.ftn, for the repose of the soul of Katie Both,
wife of Michael .Both, and daughter of Mary
. Sands and the late William Kennedy, TO-MOR-
, ROW (Wednesday), at — o'clock a. M. Friends
' and acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
'attend. - - -• • ■ . ■ ■ • •
BURR— In this city. June 29, 1896. Lev! Burr,
uncle of Miss M. and William H. Sam mis and
Mrs. H. L. Pray, a native of Greens Farm, Conn.,
aged 83 years and 8 months.
i CALVE In this city, June 28, 1896. John
I Calvert, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years and 7
' months.. [New York and Chicago papers please
copy.J
JK3"Friends are respectfully invited to atteni
the funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday), at
1 o'clock p. m.. at his la c residence, 31 l'leajant
s rout. Interment private.
CHASE— In this city. Juns 28, 1836. Mary A.
Cbnse. wife of c. T. Chase, and mother of Charles
0.. Louis 8.. Ciirisiopiier and Alexander Cnase
end htxs. Klien . I.undho!m, a native of Sligo,
Ireland . ag,?d 58 years.
(^"Friends «nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the furi-r.il THIS UAV
'(Tuesday)', at 9:45 o'clock a. _.. from her late
residence, corner Baker and Beach streets (Har-
bor View), thence to St. Bridget's Church, cor-
ner Van Ness avenue and Broadway, interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROOKS— In Santa Cruz. June 28, 1835, Jackson
G. Crooks.
sj-> WTh- funeral will ink" nlacß TH:^ n\V
(Tuesday), nt _ o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. Herbert F. Ho.lgju, 912
Mel iier street. Interment private.
EDWARDS— In Ouklnnd, .lunv> '.9, 1895. Edward,
faiher 0/ Mrs. W. J. Kitto, Theresi C. McFeeSy,
Edward Edwards Jr. aid thelato S rih Davis .
-and Mobile Davenport, n native of Wales, aged
'60 \-Par* 5 mon an.l "J'J days.
. ':. Friend i -an 1 acqnalnmn :pi nr» ri>iT>r.
fnlly invited to attend ih-> funeral services
TO-MORROW" (Wednesday). at 1:30 o'clock p.m..
at Masonic bulldiuer, corner Fourteenth street
and Railroad avenue. Sou h San FrtincUco, und*>r
, auspices of South San Francisco Lodse No. 212,
' F. and a. M. Intermeut Masonic Cemetery.
GOMEZ— In this city. Juno 27.1-98. Mrs. Louisa
Gom-.-z, a native or San Francisco, nged 38 year*
1 month and 22 days. [Sacramento papers
piea.se copy. / . ■
4S"Frie_ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a" tend in* rnnara Tiil«j ■VV
(Tuesday), at, 9 o'clock a. _ from 447 Broad-
way.
GORDON— In this city, Juns 27, 1896. George
Gordon, a native of Ireland, aged £9 years. ...
GRAF-June 27, 1896. Will O;to Graf, son of
■ Henry and Rosa t.raf. aged 8 months and 11
flays.
HaNNAN— In Santa Clara, June 28, 189 G. Mary
Hannan, slater of Mrs. James Collins and aunt
of John 8., James, Joseph and William Collins,
a naive of County Stl?o, Ireland, aged 55 years.
S3"Friends and acquaintance* »rii rusDect,-
Jnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 ani 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hei soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. St.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAVES— In this city. June 28,1898, Agnes M.,
I be oved daughter of Mary and the late Patrick
Haves, and sister of James. John. Sam, Msr_aret
and Thomas Hayes, a native of San Rafael, Cal.,
aged i 8 years. . ...
JBS-Frlend3 and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. M.. from the par-
lors of the CuMforn a Under. Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
■ Holy Crow Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock p. m. train
from Thirl and Townsend streets.
HENRY— In Oakland, Thomas Sherman Henry,
. son of A. C. Henry. '
JJSS*Tbe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock P. m., from 1221 Har-
rison street, oaklan 1.
McCP.ACKKN— in this city. June 29. IS3B, Mabel
Man-, beloved daughter of George E. and Mam ie
McCracken. andsistero* r rank an d t.ussle Mc-
Cracken, . a native of Ban irunclsco, aged 2
months and 12 days.
McGOWAN— An anniversary high ' mass will be
co ebra'ed at St. Dominic's Church THIS
DAY (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., for the re-
pose of the soul of the late John McGowan.
Friends are invited to attend.
McWILLIAMS— In this city, June 28. 189«.
William A, Mi-Williams, beloved husband of
Anna E. McWilliiims, «nd father of Mrs. 8. S.
Palmer, Mri. Rob H. Morse, Wililam ' A.,
John H., Clara L., Ka:e F., Alex G. and Joseph
L. McWilllams, a native of County Derry. Ire-
land, eged 67 years. [Sacramento (Cal.) and Bal-
timore (Md.) papers please copy. J
JEirFrlen<l3 and acquaintances ar? respect-
fully invited to attend tie funeral THIS DAY
• (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from his late resi-
dence, 17 scott street, ln.ermeu; Sacramento.
Cal.
MURRAY— In this city. June 29, 189 G. Margaret,
beloved wife of Dennis Murray, mother of Mrs.
John O'Brien, Mm. Thomas .McKeonand Cbariei
( ouuell and the at" Mrs. John Goi d. and -ister
of Bartholomew O' Donovan, a native of county
■ Cork, irKlan I, aged TtJ years. . .
fiST Friends an I acqaitiutancpi ir> r»*"»*}-.-
fully Invite I to atteni the Mnerai TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8::-'O o'clock a. it.,'- from her
late residence, 1134 Florida ■tree', near Twenty-
fourth, thence to >t. Peter's Church, when a
solemn requiem higii mast «m 6e celebrate I
: for the rt-pose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a; m. Interment Holy Crosj Ceme.ery. '•■•
PARK— In Oakland, June .9. 1895. Sir.-h Park,
relict of C'harle3 O. Park, anil sister of Mn. O. F.
Smith of Stockton, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
67 '• ears \ ; ' .
<!_?• Friends ani acquaintances nr» rprieo'-
fully invitaa to attend tha.fnner-l TO-iIOK '. >\V
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residenco. 653 Seventh street, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Ceinx* cry.
PERT'SIXA— A solomn 'raqilnra mas? will bo
celebrated THIS DAY. ( a#*d»v), a" 10 o'clock
a.m., at Guadalnpe Church. Broadway, mar
Mason street, for the. repoio or the soul. of
j Antonio Peru Sinn. Friends and a qua niiuu-cs
I are respectfully invited to attenj.--.
| STACK— In this city. Jnn« 29. 189 5. William
: Stack, ft native of th» par. s'l 'f i:_iiydo_ohoe,
' County Kerry, Ireland, rt .c I 46 yearj.
_tß*Frienil.i an/I aciii-itntan-t»i if r>n'r-
fully Invited to attend til? funeral .(-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 :3\> o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of J. O. O'Connor ACo , 7 ,1 ' > 1 Issio i streo:. ,
' thence to St. Joseph* Church. Ten. h .-.tre.T, lor
services a. 2 o'cloc- p. m. , imermetic x.o.y Cross
Cemetery. ■ - ■ ■ ■-•
FEN— In 'his city. June -JO. 1398, Mathilda,
be ove I daughter of Clans H. and lit- lute Katie
Steffi -n, and sister of Minnie a MeM Sieffcn,
' a native of San Francisco, aged 7 iuou.h. and 4.
days. •• ' " : . ":" p ;.:■•.' : ■
■ ISTFrlenas . and acnnai:itanc«i nr- r«n»!-. ;
fnlly invited to attend tno funeral T.)-MORHO\V
: (Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. F. suhr & Co.. I.o* Mis.io 1 street,
i near Eljhth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
WELSH— In this city, June '28. 1896. Magdalen,
dearly beloved wife of Joseph Weigh, daughter of
Kate . and the late . Gus'.nvus Horn-, and ; sister
of Mrs. Emma Uoyle, lilt- Kate' Lest»r. Lily,
Laura and Lnvls Borle. a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 21 years and 5 months. "
• Friends a:i 1 acqii'iliiitn3i»i *r» ; r^^-m-,.
fully Invited to a term ihe funeral TO-MORROW
* (Wednesday), at 9 :30 o'clock a.m.. irom her lata
residence, bO9 Page street, thence to / Sacred
Heart ' Church, where a solemn r*q :iem mas*
! will be celebrated for i the repose of her soul, '■■
commencing at 10 o'clock a.m. Interment Holy
■ Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG— In this city, June 29, 1896, Arthur H.
■Young, beloved husban 1 . of Mrs. Ida' Young,
father of Harvey F.. Mab'l V.., (ieor.r» R. Bean,
Forrest H.. Violet E., Eva F. and Marion Young,
brother-in-law of John F. and us aye Herget,
Mrs. Oscar C. Lewis. Mrs. Frank L. Fernandez,
Mrs. Mary Brooks and Mrs. Alex Lopez, a native
of Wisconsin, aged 46 years 3 months and 9 days.
i [Minnesota papers please copy.j
jJSTNoiIce of funeral hereafter. ;.
I . Me A VOY & GALLAGHER, i
FIIKRRAL DiRKCTORS & EMBAI.MKR-;,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. .
.' r " ''':.■ Telephone 3080.' 'i
JasTmcM Esni'itv! - Chas. McMExo__r.
JAMES McMENOME". & SON, -
UNDERTAKERS AM) EMBALMERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354. ■'.-
JAS. ENGLISH. ' T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
. UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER*
; FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye.,' near Market St., San Francisco
Telephone So. 158. . ■
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
TNCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEST
J. Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Red Men
Ancient Order Foresters I and other cemetery asso-
ciations. San ; Ma',eo County: nearest cemetery to
the city; non-sectarian. In no sense exclusive:
Peefkct TITLE guabasteed; ' location ■ unex-
celled. i- A.V'.:..: ■■■■■•-; -■■-■■ ?■- > ; *■':. ■* -■:■.■
" Please call at office. 997 Market at,, before geieo*-
ing burial place elsewbere.
1516
SOME STRANGE
SCHOOL CHANGES
Now Occurring at the
Cogswell Polytechnic
College.
L. A. BUCHANAN RESIGNS
He Was Sorely Displeased
With His Surrounding
Conditions.
J. H. CULVER TO SUCCEED HIM.
The Singular Story of a Famous
College and Its Venerable
Founder.
Since the close of the terra, two weeks
ago, the board of trustees of the Cogswell
Polytechnic College has accepted the
resignation of its principal professor,
L. A. Buchanan, Late Principal of the Cogsweil Polytechnic College.
Louis A. Buchanan. The vacancy thus
created will be filied upon the reopening
of the school, August 3, by the appoint
ment of James H. Culver, the secretary of
the Mechanics' Institute.
This leaked out yesterday, and more
surprises are soon expected to occur in
connection with the conduct of the college
and the institute.
Just at present the parties most inter
ested are, for personal reasons, reluctant
to talk.
Ferdinand Formhals of the board of
trustees of the Mechanics' Institute stated
that the resignation of Secretary Culver
has been received and will be formally
accepted at the next session of the trus
tees on Tuesday evening, July 7. The
resignation of Professor Buchanan ha 3
already Deen formally accepted and be is
now considering which one of the several
offers made him will be the most accept
able. He may, perhaps, enter the San
Francisco School Department, or he may
conclude to join the educational corps of
the Throop Institute ol Southern Cali
fornia. As yet he is undecided and will be
governed by the turn of future events.
So far as Secretary Culver is concerned,
it is virtually decided that upon the open
ing of the term next August he will
assume tlie principaiship of the Cogswell
Polytechnic College. The reason for these
changes are not quite clear. The air is
full of rumors, but nothing very definite
can as yet be stated.
Professor Buchanan is a practical me
chanic and was formerly an instructor in
the Leland Stanford Jr. University. At
the opening of the California (the James
Lick) School of Mechanical Arts he was
engaged by Principal George A. Merrill as
the head of the department of mathe
matics. From this position he resigned, a
year or two ago, to take the principalship
of the Cogswell Polytechnic College on
Folsom street. At that time the
financial affairs of the institution
were in an uncertain and un
satisfactory condition. A suit, filed by its
founder. Dr. H. D. Cogswell, to break the
deed of trust, was pending in the courts
and upon the decision depended the fu
ture income and status of the school.
Since then, under a decision of the Su
preme Court of California, the life of the
college is perpetuated and it has now an
assured income of $20,000 a year. Its con
trol is vested in v board of trustees, con
sisting of Dr. and Mrs. H. D. Cogswell,
Messrs. Culver, Ewing, Lewis, Doble and
Knight.
The appointment of J. H. Culver as
principal of the Cogswell Polytechnic Col
lege has caused considerable comment in
educational circles, it being argued that
the position can be properly filled only by
a trained teacher. In that line Mr. Cul
ver makes no pretensions.
He is an experienced man of business,
witii a mechanical turn of mind. Many
years ago he was superintendent of the
old Clay-street Hill Cable Railroad. In
1885, during the presidency of P.
COVERED
WITH
SCALES
Eczema made its appearance on my head in
its worst form, and it continued spreading
until my face was covered with scales and be-
came a horrid sight. I had a fine head of hair,
seven years' growth, and had to sacrifice it. I ■
■was in despair. . The physicians had failed ■
even to relieve me, when one recommended
CrmcußA Soap. My father procured a set of \
Cdtiouba Remedies, and in three weeks the
scales left my face and the skin lost its florid
. hue. In six week* I too* entirely cured. My .
face was smooth and my complexion clearer
and finer than it had ever been before.
Miss MARION A. SMITH, Sunbury, Pa.
Speedy Ccbb Tbeatment. — Warm baths
with Clticuju Soap, gentle . applications of
Gttttccba (ointment), and mild doses of Cuti-
ccra Resolvent, greatest of humor cares.
Bold throughout the world. Price, Ccticuiu, £oc.|
Soap. SSe.i R«solv**t, SOc. nil $1. Potter Dnca
jjn> Cum. Coup.. Sole Props.. Boston. ■■•■ ..-•■- .:
or "How to Cure the Wont Eczema," mailed free.
' - ■■'--■: -■ - ' ; - ' ■.- . ,
B. Cornwall, he was elected secretary of
the Mechanics' Institute, which position
he has ably filled ever since. For several
terms he has served as a member of
the Board of Education, but further
than this is not known to have had the ad
vantage of any practical or professional
school experience. He has consented to
give all possible assistance to his successor
until after the coming fair, but will nom
inally take control of tbe school at the
opening of the term. Robert Cash and J.
H. Wood are among the prominent candi
dates for the vacant secretaryship.
Professor Buchanan is inclined to main
tain a discreet silence concerning the
troubles in the Cogswell Polytechnic Col
lege, and. incidentally, the causes which
led to his own removal.
One thing is well established, however.
Professor Buchanan entertains a cordial
dislike for the gentleman in whose honor
the college is named, and says that under
no circumstances would he remain^ at the
head of an institution with which the
doctor had any connection. Just the
cause of the trouble between the principal
and the founder of the school is not easily
learned. Professor Buchanan says that at
the proper time he will tell all he knows.
In the meantime he prefers to deal en
tirely in innuendoes.
"l"have nothing to say at present," he
remarked last night. "At no very distant
day, however, 1 shall have something
interesting to tell, and then — " and the
professor sighed.
"The entire faculty was dismissed about
five weeks ago without the slightest warn
ing, though I had previously resigned,
because of another situation in view which
was better in every way."
James G. Maeuire Guard.
A largely attended meeting of the James G.
Maguire Guard was held lust night in Judge
Sanderson's courtroom, Will D. Flinn, the
president, in the chair. After appointing va
rious ways and means committees they ad
journed till next Monday evening in the same
p'.ace and marcned in a body to the Metropoli
tan Temple to attend the anti-funding ratili
cation meeting.
TWO TEACHERS' CLUBS,
But Between Them There Ex
ists No Conflicting In
terests.
Distinct Purposes of the Teachers'
Club and the New Teachers'
Council.
There is not, as has erroneously been
supposed, the slightest conflict of interests
or antagonism existing between the "San
Francisco Teachers' Club" and tne "Teach
ers' Council," the organization of which
was recently authorized by a resolution
introduced in the Board of Education by
Director C. A. Murdock.
In fact, the aims and objects of the two
societies are quite distinct. Tbere is ro
good reason to suppose that they cannot
co-operate harmoniously and prove each
in its own sphere benericial to its respect
ive members and the School Department.
The purpose of the Teachers' Club, of
which Milton E. Blanchard of the Lowell
High School is president, is chiefly of an
intellectual character, while that of the
Teachers' Council will be more legislative
than intellectual.
The Teachers' Club marks the develop
ment of an idea that is of slow growth,
the necessity for unification. Last winter
it was reorganized with a constitution pro
viding for an active membership limited
to forty. Tbese-forty members alone had
tbe right to vote and possessed ostensibly
tbe power of regulating the affairs of the
club, the officers of whicn had co be se
lected from among them. The reason for
this numerical restriction was to insure
the attention to the needs of the club that
could advantageously be given it by a
small and select body.'
A line of work resembling the seminary
work of some of the larger educational in
stitutions was mapped out and tne co
operation of the University of Caliiornia
and the Leland Stanford Jr. University
was enlisted. Professor Bailey of the
University of California gave a valuable
course of lectures upon pedagogy, a French
class was established under the tuition of
Professor Roger, an accomplished linguist
and scholar of Trinity School. Pro
fessor Hudson of the Stanford University
gave a course of Saturday morning lec
tures on literature. A class in manual
training was also started. The privilege
of any or all these classes was open alike
to all the members, active or associate.
Serious objections were raised subse
quently to the limitation of the number
of active members, and the constitution
was, consequently, amended and this un-
American provision was abolished. The
club is now squarely upon its. feet and
hopes to be a permanent organization that
will in due time develop a true profes
sional spirit among the public school
educators of San Francisco. The line of
activity will be in tbe direction of af
fording an opportunity to teachers to pur
sue any course of study they may desire
under the direction of the best available
instructors. The universities are gener
ously disposed toward the club, and it has
been suggested that the work done under
the direction of its professors be accredited
as extension work.
The delightful reception held by the
club at tbe close of the term shows that
the social phase is not neglected. Follow
ing are the announcements of the studies
for the next term, beginning in August:
French classes and manual training con
tinned; course of lectures by Dr. E. E.
Brown, U. C. ; lecture by Professor G. H.
Howison, U. C; class in zoology, ten les
sons in laboratory, and six or eight lec
tures by Dr. W. E. Ritter, U. C. ; class in
literature, also general monthly meeting.
The Teacbers r Council will be organized
immediately after vacation.
Dr. imie, Not Dr. Case.
Through an error in yesterday's issue it was
made to appear that the address on "The
Fourth and Foreign Flags" had been delivered
by Dr. Case. This should have read Dr. Dllle,
who is the pastor of the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church, wbere the address was given.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1896.
RED-VISAGED WAR
IN CHINATOWN.
Wong Family Withdraws
From the See Yup
Company.
LURID NOTICES POSTED.
Chee Tong Tries to Abolish the
Boycott on the Sam Yup
Company.
POLICE WARN THE FACTIONS.
Sergeants Helms and Harper Kept
Exceedingly Busy Tearing
Down Posters.
The strongest Chinese faction in this
City, known as the Wong family, under
the leadership of Chee Tong, has with
drawn from the See Yup Company, with
the object of breaking the boycott on the
Sam Yup Company.
This boycott nas been'oppresting China
town's poor for almost a year, and as its
effect has raised the price of all Cninese
commodities fully 20 per cent it is evident
that the poverty-stricken Celestials have
just cause for complaint.
This fact, however, is not considered as
being worthy of a second thought in the
minds of tne agitators, and in consequence
Chinatown is bubbling over with excite
ment. Highbinders are out in force dis
cussing the withdrawal of the Wong
family and trouble is imminent. An extra
force of policemen was detailed last even
ing to patrol the streets of the Mongolian
quarter. They were instructed that in
event of a riot or trouble of any descrip
tion they were to use all the means in their
power to preserve the peace.
Dp to a few weeks ago Chee Tong was
the secretary of the See Yup Company,
but he was discharged on some pretense
or other, and forthwith laid plans to equal
ize the score.
First, he got the Wong family to with
draw from the See Yup Company in order
to break up this boycott.
Then he issued circulars stating that any
member might buy wherever and what
evr he pleased and at whatever place he
could get what he wanted the cheapest.
He also stated that in case of any trouble
the Wong family would take a hand and,
if necessary, resort to force of arms.
Upon hearing this the See Yup Com
pany immediately posted circulars all over
tbe Chinese quarters. Groups were scat
tered through the streets yesterday deeply
interested in the lurid-colored posters.
Kong Chow, secretary of the See Yups
and a member of tne Bo Ong Tong So
ciety, was the person who issued the cir
culars, which are freely translated as fol
lows :
Members of the See Yup Company do not stir
up any trouble. We made a contract last July
to boycott the Sam Yup Company, and as the
Wong family has withdrawn we must see that
they are brought back into the combination.
Act'like gentlemen, and make no trouble on the
street. Use discretion so as to uphold the
honor of the company, but be firm and stand
by the contract.
The See Yup has twelve societies and
made a contract to boycott the San Yup
Company over a year ago last July. This
has caused many murders.
J. Harper, sergeant of the Chinatown
squad, and Sergeant Helms of the Cali
fornia-street station, the latter having
eight officers under his command, busied
themselves all day yesterday tearing down
posters and scattering crowds of jabbering
Celestials who congregated on the street
corners. The sergeants have informed
both factions that in event of trouble they
will also take an active part in the pro
ceedings.
THE CRAVEN CASE.
Lawyers Preparing for the Hearing,
Which Will Be Kesumed Thursday.
No one lifted a finger in the matter of
the Fair will yesterday or the matter of
the Craven deeds, unless the service of
formal papers upon the lawyers opposed
to Mrs. Craven-Fair in the ejectment suit
may be excepted.
Mr. Delmas was engaged in San Jose
making his argument in the Parker will
case.
George A. Knight was engaged in court
and tbe other lawyers in the case make no
admission of new discoveries of flaws in
the deeds or other developments whatso
ever.
The matter will come up for hearing be
fore Judge Slack at 11 o'clock Thursday
morning, when Mrs. Craven will take the
stand again and complete the story of the
theft from her of the ink will at or near Og
den, while returning to this City from New
York with both copies. She was at the
time hurrying here in response to tele
grams from Reuben H. Lloyd that warned
her that the trust will would be probated
if sbe delayed.
The hearing will probably run through
several days and the marriage contract
will be introduced before its conclusion.
Mrs. Haskins. Mrs. Craven's friend who
visited hei the day Senator Fair is said to
have written the pencil will, will be put
on the stand to tell what she aaw and did
on that day.
Mrs. Craven is still ill and refuses to
talk about the case.
THE FIGHTING ACTORS,
Sharkey Is Open for an Engage
ment to Tour Through
the Country.
Sam Fitzpatrick Writes That Fitz-
Simmons Is Frosted in London
and That Jackson Is Well.
Tom Sharkey remained over in Oakland
last evening. He finished his engagement
at the Alcazar on Sunday evening, and
yesterday he was looking up engagements
elsewhere. Before leaving for Oakland he
dropped in to see bis friend Gilleran of the
Windsor Hoiel, and smilingly informed
him that he had arranged with the Fraw
ley Company, which is at present playing
at the Columbia Theater, to travel with
the company through the State. During
the acts Sharkey and Needham were to
appear in a boxing bout of three or four
rounds. Gilleran seemed pleased to learn
that Sharkey was so very successful in
having consummated an agreement to that
end with such a prominent company and
wished him success.
Manager Friedlander of the Columbia
Theater, when spoken to on the subject
last evening, was very indignant that any
such report had found circulation.
'•Why, there's not a word of truth in it,"
said Mr. Friedlander, "and I can assure
you that this company will have nothing
to do with Mr. Sharkey or any other
pugilist. No, sir.tbis company can get
along very well without the necessity of
having to encage fistic talent."
Dan Lynch, Sharkey's manager, could
not be found last evening, but in all prob
ability if Fharkey will go on the road as a
star boxing performer he will join some
company which will be organized from
among the numerous actors about town
who are now looking for any kind of en
gagement that will bring them in an hon
est dollar.
Jim Corbett will leave to-day or to-mor
row for Baitlett Springs. He will be
joined by his wife and some friends.
After a few weeks at the springs Corbett
will journey East to Asbury Park, his old
training quarters.
Young Mitchell had a letter yesterday
from Sam Fitzpatrick, the successful
trainer and handler of noted pugilists.
Filzpatrick stated in his letter that he
had had a chat with Peter Jackson and
that the big colored pugilist was looking
first-class. The trainer did not say, how
ever, that Peter intended to enter the ring
again, and his silence on this point has
been interpreted as meaning that Peter's
days as a champion pugilist are passed.
It would be interesting to know what
Jackson Das to say now of Corbett.
Of Fitzsimmons, Fitzpatrick said that
the New Zealander was having somewhat
of a frost in England, and that the money
he expected to make on the stage is not
materializing.
Evidently the English people have a
very different opinion from Americans of
pugilists of the present day who have a
predilection for the stage. The actor
pugilist would not make his salt in any
country other than Araerioa, and Sullivan
discovered that, to his chagrin, when he
visited Australia with the intention of
returning home laden down with Austra
lian gold.
Fitzpatrick will soon return to this coun
try wish his charge, Champion "Kid"
Lavigne, and, of course, he will be ready
with man and money to talk business
with any pugilist or pugilistic manager,
Map Showing the Route of the San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway as Far as It Is Now
Being Operated.
[Drawn from official records.]
with a view of matching Lavigne against
the highest bidder for cash.
Manager Gibbs ol the National Club
states that Mr. Trueman, president of the
Civic Federation, was present at the con
test between Corbett and Sharkey, and
that he occupied a seat in a box set apart
specially for him and bis friends. The
report that Trueman had telephoned
Gibbs and Groom for extra seats was
erroneous.
"1 received a telephone message at the
Pavilion that Mr. Trueman desired three
extra tickets," said Gibbs, "but I soon
discovered that the message was sent by
some enterprising individuals who thought
the scheme would work and that he could
obtain first-class seats without having to
pay a cent for them. I telephoned back
that the $5 tickets were all sold, but that
if he— the one who telephoned — would put
in an appearance with his friends at the
door of tbe Pavilion some eood seats
would be provided for them. The scnemers
did not put in an appearance, much to the
disgust of a big husky scrapper who had a
well-seasoned hickory club in readiness to
give the telephoners a warm reception.
The Occidental Club has made all pre
parations necessary for its exhibition at
the Pavilion on Thursday evening. The
two "Billies"— Smith and Gallagher— are
in splendid condition and a rattling good
ten-round contest can be looked for. If
Joe Choynski is in town on the evening in
question he will be selected to referee the
contest. Tom Sharkey. Tim McGrath and
Jimmy Anthony will act as Smith's sec
onds and Young Carkeet, Jim Jeffries and
G. Mulverhill will esquire Gallagher.
The preliminaries will consist of a ten
round bout between Long, 184 pounds,
and Jeffries, 195 pounds; also a six-round
bout between the clever lightweight boxers,
Danny Mahoney and Joe Sullivan.
A MARRIAGE AT SEA.
Attorney F. A. Roaal Holda That It
la Perfectly Legal in
Any Event.
Attorney F. A. Rossi holds that the
marriage of the Maglios — uncle and niece
last Sunday mornimr on a tug at sea out
side of the jurisdiction of the State, is a
lawful contract, inasmuch as the validity
of a marriage depends upon tbe law of
the place where it is contracted.
"One of the morning papers," said Mr.
Rossi, "had me making a long discussion
upon international law. I say there is no
such law involved in this case, and a mar
riage on the high seas is governed by the
agreement of the parties to the contract.
If it is lawful for the master of a vessel at
sea to marry a man and woman aboard of
his ship, then the law prevails in that
locality, and in 51 California the Supreme
Court has decided that under the laws of
this State the legality of the marriage de
pends upon the law of the place where
that marriage is contracted.
"In some foreign countries marriages
within a degree of consanguinity are law
ful and we have not heard that our courts
have declared such contracts illegal when
the parties have immigrated to this State.
"Speaking of this particular case 1 ad
vised the Maglios io take this step not
because I approved of it from a moral
standpoint, for I most emphatically do
not. It was a case of doing the best thing
possible under the circumstances. They
also obtained legal advice in Fresno and
were told that they could be legally
married at sea."
Struck Her Landlord.
M. Dittlebach, an old man, swore out a
warrant in Judge Joachimsen's court yester
day for tbe arrest of Mrs. Summers, 2910
Twenty-filth street, one of his tenants. A few
days ago he called upon her for his rent, when
be alleges she struck him iv the face, blacken
ing one of bis eyes.
ROUTE OF THE
VALLEY ROAD,
First Authentic Map of the
Southern Pacific's
Competitor.
FROM OFFICIAL DATA.
In Position to Draw From Two
Strong Tentacles of the
" Octopus."
NEW STATE RAILROAD CHARTS
Expected to Be Ready for Distribution
the Latter Part of This
Week.
Within a week the official railroad map
of the State Board of Railroad Commis
sioners will be ready for distribution. It
is nearly five years since the last map of
the commission was issued and several
new railroads have been added to the
transportation lines of the State during
this period, by far the most important be
ing the San Francisco and San Joaouin
Valley Railway.
Among the roads which will appear for
the first time on this map are the San
iTancisco and San Joaquin Valley: Ala
meda and San Joaquin; Monterey and
Fresno; Oakland, San Lea rid ro and Hay
wards (electric); Crescent City and Smiths
River; Bodie and Benton; Pacific Lumber
Company's; San Diego, Pacific Beach and
La Jolla; Mount Lowe.
The map last issued was brought up to
November 15, 1891, arid tne one about to
be published will record the railroad
development up to date. Six thousand
copies will be printed. 1000 of which will
Demounted.
Thare are already about 2500 applications
for them on tile in the office of the com
mission, 500 having come from foreign
countries. The latter are mainly from
banks and financial institutions.
They will be about 4x5 feet, and are
drawn on a scale of fifteen miles to tbe
inch. Little but the routes of the iron
rails will be shown on them, thus making
them peculiarly serviceable for railroad
information.
They will be more nearly accurate than
any other map published so far as railroad
lines are concerned, as the drawings were
made from official data furnished by each
road.
On the proof submitted yesterday the
Southern Pacific's great competitor, the
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railway, is shown only half way from
Stockton to Merced, when in fact the road
is completed beyond Merced and is in op
eration for wheat shipments two stations
the other side of that city. The attention
of the Railroad Commission will be called
to this matter to-day, and an effort will be
made by the Valley road people to have
their line shown on this map as far as its
route has been definitely fixed. This is
considered an important matter, as an
other similar map will not be published
for some years.
More than usual interest attaches to this
road and the route it is to take, as it is
recognized as the only genuine competitor
on a large scale that the Southern Pacific
has ever had within the State, and this in
terest has been intensified by its recent in
auguration of the war it is destined to
carry on against its rival. No authentic
map of the Valley road has heretofore
been published, for the simple reason that
none could be drawn, owing to the uncer
tainty of its route caused by right-of-way
litigation. It was only last week that the
last of these suits between Stockton and
Merced was settled.
The map herewith presented is from the
official records of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railway, and shows
that road as it will probably appear on the
revised map of the Railroad Commission.
The monopoly's great rival, it will be seen,
runs about midway between two of the
most profitable branches of the Southern
Pacific Company. It is thus in a position
to draw traffic from both, as it undoubt
edly will, and even though the Southern
Pacific meets the cuts of the monopoly
destroying road the people who have long
suffered from the exactions and extortions
of the Huntington properties are likely to
favor the road which has at last broken
some of the tentacles of the "octopus."
FOLSOM STREET FINISHED.
John W. McDonald Has Fulfilled His
Contract on Time.
John W. McDonald, who represents the
City Street Improvement Company, has
finished his contract in paving Folsom
street from Nineteenth to Sixth on time
with the conditions of his contract and
has turned that boulevard over to the City
in a thoroughly remodeled condition.
The old Folsom street that was is no
more, and now the old swampy and ill
tmved street is as smooth and even as the
surface of a billiard-table with the excep
tion of the block between Ninth and
Tenth, which is yet covered with cobbles.
The whole has been covered with a con
crete bed, upon which is spread a coating
of bitumen, making it one of the best
thoroughfares in tbe City.
. The Market-street Railroad Company
h£s yielded to public policy and har
monized the portion between the double
line of tracks with the same material as
the balance of the street. This portion of
the work will be finished in the course
of a week, after which the residents and
the traveling public will be made glad
with the hum of the electric-cars, which
will go speeding along its line from the
water front to Twenty-ninth street.
For all this improvement the Mission
people with one accord feel grateful to A.
B. Maguire for the laudable interest he
has taken in their welfare and happiness.
SIX NEW ENSIGNS ARRIVE.
Just Graduated From Annapolis and
Assigned to the Philadelphia.
Six young naval officers, fresh from
the United States academy at Annapolis,
arrived at the Occidental last night.
Tney have been assigned to duty on the
cruiser Philadelphia and will go to Santa
Cruz to join their ship.
The party consists of C. M. Jozer of
Little Falls, N. V.; I. C. Wettengel of
Denver, Colo. ; G. S. Lincoln of Liberty.
Mo.; J. A. Kearney of Springfield, Oil;
Arthur Mac Arthur Jr. of Milwaukee,
Wis., and Mr. Wurtsbaugh of Jefferson,
Tex. There is only one homely man in
tbe lot, and ne is good-natured.
All of them were congregated in one of
hotel rooms last night celebrating the end
of a dusty railroad journey across the con-
tinent. Pink lemonade in small glasses
and Turkish cigarettes were the most evi
dent sources of good cheer.
Their class, which graduated June 5,
numbered only thirty-eight, twelve being
assigned to the engineers' corpj.
The prospective long wait for the peace
ful or violent retirement of superior offi
cers does not worry the young ensis.'DS at
present, for they are already planning a
summer campaign among the fair
babitues of Santa Cruz and Monterey,
where they have to put in a good deal of
time before the Philadelphia shall start
for Alaska.
HER PRETTY EYES FILLED
Miss Lansing Rowan's Hard
Ordeal at the Columbia
Theater.
A Thoughtless Jcke Spoken in Fan Is
One of the Causes of Her Great
Unhappiness.
You aak me the reason?
I know you won't laugh—
I've a little one dying at home.
— Dorkins' Night.
Miss Lansing Rowan had a sad heart
when she stepped on the stage last night
at the Columbia. The news of her father's
suicide in Batavia, N. V., on Sunday
almost v.n "itted her for any public func
tion. V. inager T. Daniel Frawley, ap
preciating her condition and sympathiz
ing with the young lady, asked her to re
main in seclusion with her sorrow for a
while, saying he would endeavor to have
Miss Tittball of Oakland assume her role.
It was to be the first night's production
of "His Wife's Father," and Miss Rowan
felt bound to carry out her contract and
appear. Besides that she said :
•"I would go simply mad if I were to re
main alone in ray room. I prefer to go on
and foreet."
Miss Rowan is a bright sunbeam in the
life of every one around her. She is loved
by her fellow-actors in the company for
her charming individuality, and they are
all unhappy that a cloud has come over
her.
Her lot is hardest because of being un
deserved, and the pain she suffers is more
poignant by the reason of hei alertness in
conversation. A few evenings ago she
was talking to a newspaper correspondent
who knew her to be a vigorous and ath
letic young woman. She spoke princi
pally on the topic of fencing, as she is an
adept with the foils.
"I fear no man!" she exclaimed, allud
ing to her particular ability as a swords
woman.
"Not even Corbett?" was asked.
"No, not even Corbett," she answered.
•'I would challenge him."
The nfws was telegraphed all over the
East arm was misunderstood apparently,
for it came back as if Miss Rowan was
posing as a pugilist.
Worse still, unkind people said her old
father, ill in health and generally broken
down, had committed suicide on that ac
count.
These are the reasons.why Miss Rowan's
eyes wer* perhaps a little red on the stage
and the tears filled them at times.
Two Buildings Burned.
At 10:30 last night a fire broke out at 13
Whitney street in the residence of Charles
Heidburn. The building and its c.n n t en ts
were destroyed, loss about $1500. Tue fire
spread to No. 15. occupied as a residence by
Police Corporal M. ShannHhan, which was also
burned. The loss was $ 1100. The fire wat
caused by the overturning of a coal-oil lamp.
A Quartet of Divorces.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted three di
vorces. Henrietta Hughes was separated from
Charles P. Hughes, because of the latter's will
ful neglect. The care and custody of the minoi
children were awarded to the plaintiff.
G. E. Fairchild was freed from his wife, B.
M. Fairchild, because of her willful desertion
of him.
Addie Zelena Duprey was divorced from
James Madison Duprey on statutory grounds.
Mrs. Mamie McMauis of 26 Mason street was
named as corespondent.
Judge SUck granted a divorce to Katberine
Miller from Thomas C. Miller, because of the
latter's willful desertion, habitual intemper
ance find willful neglect.
NEW TO-DAY. '
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ *
f Special Saving Sale %
*' * • -ixtJilTuiuL.— • f> * :?
* IMITATION CUT GLASS, |
♦ Almost as bright and clear as the genu- Hi
& me, and the patterns just as pretty. At *
<? these special prices until Wednesday Jj
J? night: Fruit or Salad Bowls, 25c and 21
J 35c; Pitchers, 15c, 20c, 30c and 45c;
.9, Berry or Icecream Saucers, 45c and 55 c f
♦ per dozen, and many other articles
♦ equally cheap. See them in the window. ♦
5 THAT BIG CHINA STORE- }
•J A Quarter of a Block Below Shrew's. X
♦ WANGENHEIM, BTEBNHEIM & CO., ♦
#.528 and 530 Market St.,
♦27 and 29 Gutter St., ♦
6 BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦ ,
* <#
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special For Sis Week.
MAPLE SYRUP.
Vermont Maple Syrup, from the Pure Food
Evaporating Company, Bnrllngton, Vt
Gal. 75c, %gal 400
' Regular price 60c and 1.
TEA.
English Breakfast, Formosa Oolong, Co- -
colored Japan, Ceylon, etc 3 lbs 91
Regular price 60c.
ALCOHOL.
Best Eastern Alcohol (190 prof.,. Quarts 65c
Regular price 85c.
SOAP.
Housekeepers' Delight, 20 Large Cakes in
Box 75c
" ■ ' ' Regular price $1 25.
PRUNES.
Best Italian Prunes (Little Tart).. 4 tt»a..... 25c
R-.-gular price 10c Ib.
PINEAPPLE.
C. Favre <fc Co., Whole Singapore Pine- '
app1e............ 1-tb Can Sliced and Grated IPo
Regular price 15c.
Three- lb Can ...,15c
Regular price 25c.
BUTTER.
Choice Point Reyes Creamery, Squares.... 80c
Choice Point Reyes Butter, Rolls. 25c
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
. _y SAN FRANCISCO. '
COB. 10th AOT WASHIH3TON STS. ) OAKLAND
1734-1736 SEVENTH STKEET rPt/tWrtfES
THINGS ARE
WARMING UP.
FIREWORKS!
' We put np Assorted Boxes for Chil-
dren, including Firecrackers, Torpe- .
does, etc., for 81, 92 and S3.
i We make a specialty ; of Lawn ' Dis-
plays— assortments for 85, 88, Sl3, 820.
and upward.
! Special Designs. Portraits and sugges-
tive effects in Fireworks made to order.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.
!•; -v Salesroom 219 Front : Street, V /
Upstairs, ' • . A .
i BET. SACRAMENTO AND CALIFORNIA.
! . Telephone No. Front 38. -!■*/.•; ......
— — — — — , — .- ,
$7 £=o*4 ROOMS
%|# m %t0J consisting OP - •'-"■■' ■ ■-'•■■-•
3E^UiaiWITTT3aLaS3
?ARLOR,B[DROOM,_D!HINC-ROOM I KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard SO Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard............ »5 Cent*
Matting, per yard ....:. ...1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ............ 825 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirr0r........ SSJS OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
- OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room C»UlogiiM Mailed Free.
Cjf» Free Packing mod Delivery across the B»f. . :
Wilts Mai Veptai Ms :
Are acknowledged ' by ■ thousands of '■■ persons who ;
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach/Pimple* and .
purify the blood. ■„-■■--':
Crossman'sSDßCinc Mixturs
z With this remedy persons ; can : cure themselves t l.'
without the least . exposure,'- change ' of diet, 'or :
change in application to - business. Themedicina .
contains nothing that, is of the least Injury to th«
constituUon. Ask your druggist f or it. . i"ric« *1 *
MM*