VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 181.
DELVING FOR DEAD
AND THE INJURED.
Horrors of the St. Louis
Storm Increased by
the Darkness.
HUNDREDS OF THE BODIES OF VICTIMS IDENTtFIED
AT THE PUBLIC MORGUES.
Nearly Two Thousand Persons
Wounded During the Prog
ress of the Cyclone.
STATE TROOPS ARE CALLED OUT TO PROTECT
PROPERTY FROM THIEVES.
Latest Reports Indicate That the Death-Roll Is
Appalling, While Thousands Are Homeless
and in Dire Need of Aid.
CHICAGO, 111., May 29.— Reports received up till 2 A. M. by the'
United Press indicate a loss of 500 lives at East St. Louis, with the
death roll greater in the Missouri city by 50 to 75. The number of in
jured in the two cities will be found to be near 1500, judging by the!
names already reported. Nearly 100 injured persons were reported]
by their physicians as fatally or internally injured in St. Louis. These !
victims went or were taken to their homes and were not in the police
records. The number of identified dead in St. Louis within the police
observation is 123, in East St. Louis 168, and 20 persons reported j
missing in the city on this side are put in the death column. Many of
the injured in both cities will die. Hundreds have already been re< j
corded. From 500 to 800 East St. Louis people are homeless and in
dire need.
The loss of property in St. Louis is reliably estimated at $4,000,
-000, and in the Illinois city at $'2,000,000, with much higher estimates
from other sources. The work of distributing relief money has already
begun.
In other Illinois and Missouri cities the extent of the storm's work
is still in doubt because of the broken telegraphic communications. It I
is known that the storm touched Breckenridge, Pickneyville, Irving
ton, Richview, Drake, New Baden, New Minden, 111., and Rush Hill,
Mo. Many lives are reported to have been lost in those places, but
confirmatory news is lacking as to the fatalities. -
Additional dispatches from Indiana show the fury of the ele
ments was not dissipated until Albany, Benton and Pi inceton
had been attacked, doing great damage to property by wind and
water. Crops were destroyed in the surrounding country.
The Governor of Illinois is on the woeful scene at East St. Louis,
and two con? canies of the National Guard are on duty to prevent
pillage and keep order among the lawlessly inclined. A call for
help has gone forth from the stricken Illinois city. Both cities are
practically in darkness to-night, except in the business center, while
the work of recovering the dead from the wreck of buildings is prose
cuted under difficulties.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 28. — A pall of
gloom and death hangs over the Mound
City to-night Twenty-four hours have !
scarce been sufficient to Bring its people to j
a realization of the horror with which it
has been visited, and they are yet dased
and stupefied. Save for the fitful glare of ;
the gasjets in the windows of the saloons
and restaurants and the electric lights of
the few hotels and other concerns that '
SCtNE OF THE FEARFUL CRIIVUS C EMITTED BY JAMES B. DUNHAM, THE SEXTUPLE MURDERER, NEAR SAN JOSE, CAL.
The McGlincy Orchard in * Shaib^s'tood'a^d^a^chJd nr/>w v, n , L .♦ n ™ : Sta Marking Place Where ; Cabin Where Colonel
Residence; 7 : Background. .'. the billing of ' CoioSel McGlincy /' ' : Background. .' Frnit Dryer. % n^ cc d Gllnc Bod y McGJincy ; Sought
The San Francisco Call.
operate their plants, tbe entire city is still
in darkness.
In the devastated district the search for
the dead buried in the ruins is being car
ried on with the aid of torches and loco
motive headlights. Details of police keep
tee crowds at a distance, while the air
is filled with the shrieks and sobs
and hysterical lamentations of the be
reaved. Ever and anon the clanging of a
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, MAY 29, 1896.
MAP OF THE SECTION OF COUNTRY WHICH HAS BEEN VISITED BY CYCLONES
. DURING THE PAST TWO WEEKS.
The first disaster was reported at eherman, Texas, on May 15, and the storm was central in the Texas Panhandle and Oklahoma.
Two days later there was a tornado in Northeastern Kansas. On the 24th of May the region near Dcs Moines, lowa, was devastated,
and the storm was reported central in the Dakotas. The following day a tornado burst more than 600 miles to the westward at Orten
ville, Mich., and the Weather Bureau reported the storm center near the shores of Lake Superior. Two days afterward the great, green
cloud which brought death and destruction to St. Louis and vicinity rushed down from the northward. The storm moved in a trough
like depression, extending from Minnesota to Kansas. The map was prepared and the location oi the tornadoes noted for "The Call" by
Mr. W. H. Hararaon, local forecast official in charge of 'he Weather Bureau in San Francisco.
gong is heard in the distance, and vehicles
and streetcars come to a stop while an
ambulance dashes by to add one more
victim to the record of the dead. The
streets in the center of the city, usually
alive with pedestrians until midnight, are
deserted, save for those whoae avocations
keep them from their families or friends,
while the summer gardens and other
points of entertainment are bare of pa
trons. Grief, mourning and stupefaction
have taken possession of the city.
Careful tabulations of the information
gathered by the United Press from all
official sources show that at 8 o'clock to
nignt there were 114 victims that had been
identified, while fifteen still await identifi
cation. Most of the bodies claimed have
been removed to their late homes. The
number of missing, the majority sup
posedly being in the ruins of industrial
establishments and residences that were
totally demolished, is variously estimated
at from fifty to 600. Only a complete
search of the acres of ruins can tell the
true story, for the people in the stricken
region seem utterly unable to talk co
herently.
Men and women reported as among the
missing are continually putting in an ap
pearance, while on the other band many
believed to be safe turn out to be among
the missing. In the matter of age the
dead range irom a male baby of S months
to a great-greav-grandinotherof 92 years.
The number of injured reported to
police headquarters to the same hour foots
up 189. Of these five are unconscious and
unknown, having nothing upon them by
which they can be identified. The in
juries range from slight cuts and con
tusions to one unfortunate who is reported
as having sustained the loss of both eyes
and the fracture of skull, both arms and
legs and ribs. Of the list of injured, which
is about one-fourth of the probable total,
the overwhelming majority of those
caught in the tornado having found their
way to their homes and thus escaped the
| official reports, nearly 100 are reported by
the physicians in attendance as "fatally
injured" or "injured Internally,' 1 which
is practically the same thing. These
figures relate to the city proper.
On the other side of the river, in East
St. Louis, 111., where the elements gath
ered themselves together for a supreme ef
fort toward destruction of life and proper
ty, the latest report* to the United Press
place the total of deaths and missing at
205 and the injured at seventy-one.
Another tabulation, made this evening
by the St. Louis Chronicle, gives these fig
ures: Identified dead in St. Louis, 121;
unidentified, 60; injured, 447.
East St. Louis: Identified dead, 129;
unidentified dead, 125; injured, 158.
The total number of families who were
without homes and whose every article of
household effects was swept away by the
storm, is variously estimated at from 500
to 800. It will be several days before a
complete and reliable roster can be made.
Estimates on local losses are so wild that
it is impossible to give any authentic fig
ures. One good authority places them, at
$15,000,000; another equally good at $4,000,
-000. The latter is probably more correct.
At East St. Louis $2,000,000 is regarded by
Mayor Bader as a conservative estimate.
STATE TROOPS CALLED OUT.
Thieves Take Advantage of East St.
Louis' Disaster.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 28.— Almost a reign
of terror prevails in East St. Louis to
nieht. Save for a tug and a few rowboats
placed at the service of officials, physi
cians, newspapermen and others whose
duties called them to the scene, the place
has been cut off from communication with
this city since last night, a section of the
upper, or railroad portion, of the Eads
bridge having been carried away, while
guards were stationed at either end to pre
vent pedestrians from using the footbridge.
The thieves and toughs of the city, how
ever, re-enforced by scores from the sur
rounding country, started in this after
noon to pillage the overturned trucks in
the streets and the freight cars on the
sidings, which were filled with valuable
merchandise, groceries and provisions.
The small police force had been de
detailed to aid the injured and assist in
the task of searching the ruins, and r&aliz
ing that they were powerless to preserve
•order or prevent the pillaging, Mayor
Bader called upon Governor Altgeld for
aid. He quickly responded by ordering
two companies of malitia to the scene.
The first company arrived from Belleville
at 9 o'clock, and the second is en route
from Greenville on a special train and will
be on the ground at 1 a. m.
The Governor himself arrived late to
night and directed the detailing of the
troops about the various properties to be
protected.
Prior to bis arrival a meeting of leadlne
citizens was held in the First National
Bank building in response to a call hur
riedly issued by ex-Congressman W. 8.
Forman and others, and after a full dis
cussion of the situation it was decided to
issue the following appeal, and the -United
Press was requested to give it circulation :
To the People of the United States: The city of
East St. Louis has been visited by one of the
most terrible and destructive tornadoes in the
history of tbe country. As a result of Its fear
ful work at least 200 lives have been lost,
while the number of maimed and wounded
we are unable as yet to estimate, but it will
probably run into the thousands.
The amount of damage to property is very
great and it it impossible at this time to ascer
tain, but it is safe to say that at least 600 fami
lies are rendered homeless. A great number
of these must depend upon charity for shelter.
While tbe loss appears to fall upon the poorer
classes of people, almost every citizen has di
rectly or indirectly suflered damage.
While we regret exceedingly to call upon
the country at large in this extremity, we feel
utterly unable to supply tbe absolute necessi
ties of these afflicted people, although our own
citizens are putting forth every effort and are
contributing as liberally and indeed more lib
erally than their means allow.
We therefore appeal to the generosity of our
sister cities and other communities for help in
this our hour of trouble. We will be pleased
to receive subscriptions and assistance in any
form which may be deemed advisable.
The executive committee has appointed
Paul W. Abt, president of the First National
woras written on a Card by Mrs. Dunham When Told by the Murderer to Pre
pare for Death.
Bank of this city, treasurer, to whom all con
tributions can be sent.
H. F. Bader, Mayor.
W. 8. Forman.
H. D. Sknton.
B. H. Canby.
Joseph Nestor.
J. J. Rkadkr.
Paul W. Abt.
Leo Scherrkr.
Louis Moser,
Executive Committee.
The roadway of the Eads bridge was
cleared of wreckage at 11 o'clock to-night
and a test engine and car passed over in
safety.
In addition to the injured in the two
schoolhouses there are ninety-four maimed
women, children and men in St. Mary's
Hospital. Women and girls from the
farms of tbe surrounding country poured
into the city in droves this evening and
afternoon, with bundles of old linen, cloth
ing and other necessaries, and proffered
their services as nurses. The good samari
tans were badly needed by the hospital
people and city authorities, and nearly
every victim in the public or extemporized
hospitals has an individual attendant to
night.
• m -
LIST OF THE VICTIMS.
Identified Dead at St. Louis and
East St. Louis Morgues.
ST. LOUIB, Mo., May 28.— Appended is
the list of the identified dead at the Morgue
in St. Louis:
FRANK FIBCHER, 1742 Papin street.
D. HASSIN. 1040 Armstrong avenue.
L. T. SIMS, Eighteenth street and Park
avenue.
CHARLES RIBBECH, 1236 High street.
FRED BENWELL, ERNEST ZIM
MER, GUSTAVE VILLMER, 915 Rutger
street.
JOHN HEBSEL, JOHN RAFFERTY,
Liggett & Myers' tobacco factory.
WALLACE BRADSHAW, Ewing and
Scott avenues.
FRED MAUCHENHEIMER, THOMAS
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
ON THE TRAIL OF
MURDERER DUNHAM
Officers in Pursuit of the
Slayer of Six Human
Beings.
CAN'T MAKE AN ESCAPE.
Bloodhounds Turned Loose and
the Assassin Will Soon
Be Cornered.
NOT THE CRIME OF A LTJNATia
Deliberate Plans Made by the Brutal
Husband to Annihilate the
Family.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 28.— James Dun
ham, the author of Tuesday's remarkable
crime at Campbells, whose six victims
will be buried to-morrow, has been seen
on the road to Mount Hamilton and a
Sheriff's posse is close on his trail at mid
night to-night.
He was seen shortly after 6 o'clock by
two men climbing the mountain trail
about half a mile above Smiths Greet
Hotel.
He was at the time some distance of! the
main road from San Jose to Mount Ham
ilton by Oscar S. Parker and Everett Snell,
two men who were descending the moun
tain. Dunham was going up. Snell knows
the murderer very well, as he (Dunham)
worked for him at one time. Tney stopped
and chatted for some minutes. Snell ad
dressed Dunham as he came up, say
ing, "Hello, what are you doing up
here?" to which Dunham made answer:
"Oh, I'm just traveling." The mur
derer bore the appearance of having seen
a hard experience. His horse had no sad
dle and looked very tired. Dunham's face
was badly scratched and his feet were
bound up in gunnysacks, for all of which
he gave no explanation.
He became quite chatty. Throwing his
leg over the side of Mb tired animal, he said
that he had been without food for two days,
as he had been off the roads and could eet
nothing, that he had the night before
broken into a cabin some distance back
and taken a piece of bacon. He had also
searched the cabin for ammunition, he
said. Parker said the cabin referred to
waa his own. and asked Dunaam to return
and stay over night*.
Dunham declined, saying he wanted to
get through on the trail that night. He
said he was going over the summit of
Mount Hamilton. He carried a sack
which it was supposed contained some
provisions and a hatchet which he uses to
cut through barbed-wire fences or other
obstructions.
Snell and Parker knew the story of tha
crime that has made Dunham a fleeing
outcast. Had he accepted their invitation
it was their intention to attempt his cap
ture. As it was they were unarmed and
did not attempt to delay him. They went
at once to the Smith Creek hotel and tele*
phoned to Sheriff Lyndon in this city.
Two other men, Louis Bosques and
Frank Vincant, saw Dunham half a mile
further along the trail than Snell and Par
ker had been. They merely spoke and
passed on. They immediately set about
arousing the neighborhood and starting in
pursuit.
They followed the trail, but did not
again encounter the murderer so far as
heard from. They are not seeking a per
sonal meetine over diligently, however,
as they are not armed. They simply want
to keep track of him.
The telephone message from Smith's
was received at the Sheriff's offic about 7
o'clock this evening, and it created a lively
time for the next hour or so. Sheriff Lyn
don, with Sheriff Ballou of San Luis
Obispo, had already stared with Ballou's
blood hounds for the McGlincy ranch,
there to start the hounds on the trail.
Word was sent to them and they imme
diately returned and reorganized their ex
pedition to take to the mountains. They
left here about 8 o'clock in a wagon with a
small train of private rigs with as many
parties of adventurers. A great crowd
gathered about the Courthouse while the
preparations were going on, and as the
train of vehicles drove out at a smart trot
it was followed by the cheers of the
people.
Tbe Sheriff's party consisted, besides
Lyndon and Ballou, of Deputies Kennedy,
Reynolds and Hayden, Constables Haley
and Harny. and McClintock, Matt Cos
china, Al hanks. Charles Simmons and
a party of newspaper correspondents.
Deputy Sheriff Hayden and Constable
Haley are soing up the trajl to Kincaids,
beyond Smiths Creek.
It is not now thought that they can ef
fect a capture to-night, but they are cer
tain now that he cannot eiude them,
especially with the hounds after him.
Parker, who has charge of Bob Morrow's
place in the mountains, says he believes
that Dunham will not make much resist
ance when overtaken, as he seemed tired2
and disheartened. He says he carried no
guns in sijiht. News from the vicinity of
bmith's is being anxiously awaited at
every minute.
WAS CALMLY PLANNED.
Madness Did Not Cause Dunham's
Fearful Crime.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 28.— The theory
of madness or sudden impulse must be
dismissed from consideration of the bloody
business at Campbells on Tuesday night.
The developments of to-day, linked with
the facts previously known, leave no doubt
that this unique horror had been worked
out in its terrible detail through days of
dark thinking.
Dunham had determined upon his deed
on Monday morning and his plans for the
awful execution were no niora carefully
laid than were those for his escape. The
lack of motive disappears under the steady
course of investigation, and it becomes
clear that this terrible deed was that of a
moody, bitter, mean, self-centered nature
that could find in some slight from his
wife or members of her family reason suf
ficient to him for blotting them all out of
existence.
With proof of this premeditation cer
tain features of the crime that were lightly
passed over in the first inventory as being
impossible of meaning what they seemed
rise to # first importance and lift this crime
far out of the ordinary in mere blood car
nivals. That note that was found on the
table in Mrs. Dunham's room is the chief
of these. At first it looked like a mere
cheap trick of the murderer— a forgery to
give the appearance of suicide to her death,
when, perhaps, it was in his mind only to
kill his wife.
With two loaded revolvers, a rifle
and an ax, made ready to the
murderer's hand, that it was his
purpose to do what he did, at least so far
as the members of the McGlincy family
are concerned, cannot be in doubt.
And when it is learned, as it v,as to-day
at the inquest, that the most bitter hatred
existed between Dunham and the whole
McGlincy family, taken in connection
with the silent and morose character of
the man, the motive is furnished. The
story, then, that is told by that little note
that was found on the stand near the mur
dered wife's bed is nothing less than tre
mendous.
It is written on the reverse side of a
large yellow business card of a wine com
pany. It is in the wife's handwriting, as
testified to by those who knew it. It is
written in lead pencil, and then is blurred
as though a hand had been drawn across
it in an attempt to erase it.
When James Dunham, the silent, dark,
stern man, entered his wife's room with
liis big ax he told his wife that he had
come to kill her.
He had often said he would do so and
she knew from the terrible purpose that
bounded in his low voice and looked out of
hia calm eyes that he meant what he said.
He may have placed the gag in her moutn
that was found there after death. 60 he
may have restrained her from crying out
even at that moment by the mere exercise
of that power which he is known to have
had over her will.
He told her that if she had any prepara
tions to make for death to make them and
be quick. She rose up in her bed ana
wrote that line upon the card. He thought
ehe might have offered a prayer instead of
writing a note that could never be deliv
ered and that may explain why a hand
was drawn across, blurring it. Then he
tightened his fingers about her throat and
shook the feeble body so savagely that the
neck was broken.
The body fell back quite still, but he
must make certain. He thrust some cloths
down the throat so that it would be impos
sible that the breath of life should re
enter it.
The trapedy of Othello had been re
enacted. The frightful night's work that
he bad laid to his hand had been entered
upon. The light had been put out. But
in the modern edition this was a mere be
ginning. Five others were to follow this
spirit into the unknown country in quick
succession. There would be a whole fam
ily of them together. •
The lights that have been turned upon
the character of James Dunham since that
Tuesday nieht gave the background to
this Dicture that is necessary to it to make
it understood. As at first presented it
seemed the ghastly work of a maniac Its
ruthless and unnecessary slaughter could
not be fitted to any othT reasoning. Now,
however, we have a man with a past — a
man who had been married twice, who bad
deserted two wives scarcely before the hon
eymoon in each case was over, a man who
had turned his band at many unprofitless
trades, who has been a cowboy in Texas
and is as expert with the revolver as he is
an experienced and hardy horseman. He
had traveled the roads from Oregon to
Ban Diego and knows them perfectly. He
had been seen in these immediate parts
where lived his brother and bister but lit
tle. His mother and father having died
be returns and secures his share of a mod
erate fortune.
His brother Charles, several -. years
younger than himself, is engaged to marry
the daughter of Colonel R. P. McGlincy, a
prominent citizen, rancher, orchardist
and politician. Dunham seeks and se
cures employment from McGlincy and,
employing his opportunity, lays siege to
the heart of his brother's fiancee and wins
her. Then for the first time he takes on
the role of a gentleman.
At 30 years of age he enters Santa Clara
College to take the full four years' clas
sical course with the purpose of afterward
studying law. He is reported as a model
student, polite, punctnal and hard work
ing in a class where the pupils were half
his age. Rev. Father McKenna says of
him :
"He was in a degree irreproachable. He
was always very polite, and would bow to
those with whom he was acquainted, but
he very seldom showed a disposition to
talt to any one, «nd he seemed to be a
very hard person to become very well ac
quainted with. He was, I might say, a
silent man. He rarely, if ever, smiled, and
bad what might be called a far-away ex
pression."
Just so he was to all others with whom
he had and proposed to have no close
relationship. At home the hard, ugly side
of his character had long been revealed to
his young wife. He was more than mean
to her. Her jewelry was stolen while they
lived in Sacramento and she suspected
him as being the thief. He taunted her
in those ways that are most aggravating —
charged her parents with th-> com mission
of disgraceful crimes and brought about
an open warfare with all others of her
family.
When she was sick he entirely neglected
her. Did she want any comfort such as
he mieht secure her he told her not to
bother him, but to get what she wanted
from her parents: and they had been
married but little more than a year. The
love letters written to her by his brother
were still among her treasures. Four days
after l.is baby was born he lifted the little
body up in his hands and leaning over his
wife's sick bed he said:
"Do you know what I intend to do Tvith
this? lam going to Texas pretty soon to
open a saloon and gambling-house; lam
going to take this boy with me, and I am
going to teach him to be a Catholic, too."
GEORGE SUAIBLE.
Sheriff J. H. Lyndon of Santa Clara County, Who Leads the Pursuit of Dunham
the Sextuple Murderer.
She and all the family were strong ad
herents of the A. P. A., and Dunham him
self was not a Catholic, but be knew bow
to torture. This was the model Ftudent
and polite gentleman of the Santa Clara
College. He was even then and bad long
been contemplating the wiping from the
earth all of the McGlincy family.
On Monday Dunham drew out what
coin he had in the San Jose bank, some
thing over $1000. On Tuesday evening he
hid his bycycle in the bushes near the Dry
Creek bed, some few hundred yards from
the house. He loaded two revolvers, a 33
and a 45- caliber — he always carried one.
He loaded a rifle and these with the ax he
took to the house and that night wallowed
in the blood of six people.
One that he had counted upon got away
and that fact left him unsatisfied. The
orchard and grounds about the house are
marked with the trail of his horse as he
rode back and forth along the fences and
around the house and over in the direction
of the neighbors' houses in his searoh for
George Schaible, the frightened hired man,
who was hiding under tho hay in the loft
ot the barn.
With the place etrewn with dead he
could scarcely bring himself to leave the
scene, because there was one survivor that
he felt sure was concealed there. He
wanted them all. At last he turned his
horse into the Los Gatos read, looked back
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 2<J, 1896.
COLONEL R. P. McGLIN'CY.
[From a photograph by Professor Haussler of San Jose.]
once more upon the scene of the slaugh
ter, and George Schaible saw him ride
away over the moonlit road toward San
Jose and felt that he was safe.
Charley Sterrett met him where the
road rises out of Dry Creek, and the on
sated monster stopped him, saying:
"Have you seen George?' 1
The baby boy, the only survivor of this
sweep of death, is being cared for by Mrs.
Black, a neighbor of the desolated place.
The place is visited by great numbers of
people, who come and go in constant pro
cession over the county roads from all di
rections. *
Jri the meantime the guessing goes on as
to the prospects of the murderer getting
safely away.
The bodies of the victims, all save Min
nie Schessler, still lie in the house, hav
ing been embalmed. The funeral will take
piace to-morrow afternoon, and it will, no
doubt, call out a great portion of the popu
lation of the Campbell district.
The inquest was resumed in the house
of the dead this morning. The most im
portant witness was Mrs. H. M. Parker,
who was the nurse at the house at the
time the Dunham baby was born.
She was there for thirteen days and saw
enough of Dunham's ill-treatment of his
\ wife to shock her. She said that Mrs.
j Dunham told her of her loss of her jewelry
and how she had every reason to believe
that her husband stole it. One day Dun
ham wa» taunting his wife about her
father, old man Welis, telling her he knew
him to be a sheepthief.
This so angered the wife that she then
and there charged him with having stolen
her watch. He only laughed at her. The
j Bick wife was in great need of a piece of
mosquito netting, and she (the nurse)
begged him to get it for her. He made no
reply, but the next day came home with
out it. She again reminded him, and he
again paid no attention whatever. When
the wife herself asked Dunham to do
anything for her he replied by telling her
to have her father wait upon her, as he
would not.
Dunham, said the witness, seemed to
take some interest in the baby — even
showed some affection for it — and would
lie on the bed and watch it for long
periods. Several times when the nurse
offered it to him Dunham would take it
in his hands and hold it. It was upon
one of these occasions that Dunham
leaned over his wife and shocked her into
hysterics by saying:
"Do you know what I intend to do with
this youngster? I intend to take him with
me to Texas pretty soon, where 1 shall
open a whisky-shop and gambling den. I
mean to teach him, too, in the Catholic
religion."
With agony in her face and in her voice
she turned to the nurse, saying:
"What do you think of a man who will
say such a thing to his wife at such a
time?" and Dunham smiled as though
much pleased at his success.
George Schaible, the man who escaped,
was recalled, and testified that Dunham
had two bicycles and one was broken, and
he had spent some time Monday morning
repairing it.
He did not see Dunham on the farm on
Monday nor on Tuesday, before 8 o'clock
in the evening. He came home at that
time. He did not notice anything in his
appearance or conduct that was notable at
that time.
F. E. Lovelady testified to having seen
and heard two men going by his house
toward McGlincy's Tuesday evening. One
of them he knew was Dunham'. He knew
Dunham very well ana always estimated
him as a very cool and calm man.
Robert Hamilton was walking in com
pany with a young lady along the road
in the Dry Creek bed when Dunham
MRS. R. P. MeG LINCY.
[From a photograph by Professor Haussler of San Jose.]
passed him. Dunham did not speak, but
walked with ais bead down as though
thinking deeply. He was weil acquainted
with Dunham and thought it strange
that he should pass within ten feet of him
without speaking, and remarked about it
to his companion.
The testimony of the doctors as to the
number and direction of the bullets and
the blows upon the bodies of the dead
completed the inquest.
The verdict was rendered at once, nam
ing Dunham as the murderer of the six
people.
A Call reporter put the question direct
to Charles Dunham, the brother of the
murderer, as to whether or not it was true
that he had been engaged to marry Hattie
Wells before she married his brother. For
an answer the young man said:
"I do not care to deny or affirm any
thing in connection with this terrible af
fair. There have been a great many
things said. I do not wish to reply to
them. This tragedy has been done. It
conips directly home to me. lam anxious
that my brother shall be apprehended, as
I am certain he is insane."
Charles Dunham is employed in the
store of Miller & Co. as bookkeeper and is
highly thought of. He is evidently very
much wrought up over this affair. It is
stated thit Mrs. McGlincy has left a will.
Sue has two sisters living in this city. It
appears that the property, which is valued
at about $75,000, belonged to her and was
left to her by her former husband.
The question arises whether after all
the son of Dunham, for whose benefit the
great crime was committed, would come
in for all of t ho property, and even so, if
after the debts are paid he would get
much if he did.
Under instructions from the District
Attorney's office, Constable Ed Haley this
morning swore to a complaint in Justice
Gass' court charging James C. Dunham
with murder.
GAVE UP THE SEARCH.
Heavy Fog Makes It impossible to
Follow a Trail.
SAN JOSE, Cal , May 29 (2 a. m.)— A
telephonic communication from Smith's
Hotel reports that the posse has returned
and given over the search for to-night.
Sheriff Lyndon is very confident that he
will effect a capture by 9 o'clock this
morning, as every trail wiil be guarded
and patrolled and the people at Mount
Hamilton are already on the alert.
The foir is very heavy on the mountain
and it was impossible to do anything
further to-night. At daylight, however,
the posse will be divided up to cover the
South Springs road and San Isabel pass
and two other roads leading up the
mountain.
An examination of the wire fences shows
that the murderer has not broken through
there, and is, therefore, •till in the road or
dependent upon it between Smith's and
the observatory.
The Sheriff says that if he abandons his
horse and takes to the woods he will have
still less chance of escape, as the hounds
will be placed upon his track with the
start early to-morrow morning. Capture,
he says, is certain in any case.
The trails available for horses will bs
so guarded that he will be caught if he
keeps to them, if he abandons the horse
and tries his luck afoot his progresswill be
so slow that he must be quickly overtaken.
Several persons reported as traveling the
trail and supposed to be the murderer
were run down to-night, only to discover
that they were not the fugitive.
Every member of the party is eager for
daylight to resume pursuit, which has be
come exceedingly exciting as the nearness
to their game is made evident. Dunham,
if he does not take hia own life, may rea-
sonably be expected to be housed in San
Jose Jail before nightfall.
ONE VICTIM BURIED.
Impressive Funeral Services Over
Miss Schessler's Remains.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 28.— The funeral
of Miss Minnie Schessler, on« of the vic
tims of Dunham, took place this after
noon. Service was field in the First
Christian Church, and Rev. B. B. Burton,
pastor, made a most affecting address.
"Rock of Ages" was then sung, and after a
few texts of Scripture had been read the
coffin was taken back to the hearse. The
coffin was covered with wreaths of lilies
and other white flowers. At the Oak Hill
Cemetery the Daughters of Ilebekah held
the final services over the grave.
The chief mourners were the parents,
Dr. and Mrs. Schessler, Walter Schessler
and Mrs. Ada Reen. a sister of the de
ceased, besides many other relatives and
friends were present at the funeral, which
was largely attended.
The houorary pall-bearers were Misses
Mabel Campbell, Maud Berwick, Carrie
Phau, Maud jJunker, May Holland and
Messrs. Harland, Berwick, Eley, Wallace,
Craycroff, Smith.
DUNHAM'S BAD RECORD.
Brutality and Theft Were Among
his Crimes.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 28.— James
B. Dunham, the San Jose murderer, was
at one time a resident of this city, and is
well known to the police force, as at one
time they were called upon to solve a
mysterious robbery case in whicn his wife
was the sufferer, she losing all her jewelry,
and when the police finished their investi
gation it is said tnat there was proof con
clusive that James B. Dunham was the
robber, and it is stated that eventually he
confessed the robbery to his wife and was
forgiven.
The couple came to this city last August
on bicycles, and stated that they had rode
up from Stockton. They obtained apart
ments at the residence of Mrs. E. \V.
Rivera, 1127 E street, and eventually Dun
bam obtained the restaurant privilege at
Agricultural Park, which he conducted
during the period of the State Fair, and it
is said displayed a marked business ca
pacity and was extremely prompt in the
payments of all debts contracted,
The married life of the couple was by no
means a lengthened honeymoon, and it is
claimed that Dunham displayed great bru
tality toward his wife, who seemingly
worshipped the ground he trod on, and
was always watching for a kindly look or
word from the man she so evidently loved,
yet feared. It was the old, old story of a
man's. brutality to a woman and woman's
humility to a brutal man. Their wedded
life abounded in quarrels, which on one
occasion at least culminated in a battle,
when it is claimed that Dunham uttered
the most brutal threats against his wife.
She is a very quiet woman, who never ut
tered a complaint to others of the treat
ment accorded her by her husband, and
this to a certain extent may be accounted
for by the evident fact that she was en
tirely controlled by her brutal husband.
One morning before arising Mrs. Dunham
took her watch from under her pillow, and
after looking at it replaced it and went to
sleep. Some two hours afterward she rose
and dressed, but on looking for her watch
found it had disappeared, as had all the
balance of her jewelry. She complained
to her landlady, and the latter positively
assured her that no one had entered the.
bouse, and suggested that Mrs. Dunham
astc her husband about the disappearance
of the valuables.
The advice was followed, but Mr. Dun
ham emphatically denied any knowledge
of the roDbery. so Mrs. Dunham reported
her loss to Chtef of Police Drew, who in
stituted a search, which it is claimed re
sulted in the discovery that Dunham stole
his wife's property and pawned it.
NOW
JUST ONE WORD
A word that may save you $5 or more if
you mind it.
It's only for this week.
Fine All-Wool Suits $10.
It's Roos Bros, who make this offer — not
the "wholesale" tailors and "cheap"
clothiers whose wares and whose ways
disgrace our thoroughfares.
Pine Summer Top Coats, too, $10.
All first-class in fit, fabric and finish.
Alterations and pressing free.
To-day is better than to-morrow.
Open To-morrow Evening Till 8.
Our Catalogue and Samples free. You
can order by mail. Satisfaction gnaran teed.
DELVING FOR DEAD
AND THE INJURED,
[Continued from First Page.]
KILLIAN, HENRY GIBSON, Missouri
and Geyer avenues.
HARRY WEBER, 730 South Fourth
street.
HARRY HESS, 1109 South Ninth street
HENRY KEHLING, 2824 Oregon av
enue.
JOSEPHINE, MARTINI HARRY KIL
LIAN, WILLIAM KILLIAN, JOSEPH
MAUER, CHARLES NIE, HENRY AL
TERS, JULIUS GALL, WILLIAM BOW
LER, killed at the Laclede Gas Works.
ED SELP, 1026 South Eleventh street.
WILLIAM PLATCHED, 614 Rutger
street.
THOMAS ERVIN, GEORGE HURL
BURT, GEORGE W. KNOEBEL, Seventh
and Rutger streets.
MRS. FRIESCKE, Seventh and Rutger
struts.
— FRIESCKE, Seventh and Rutger
streets.
JOHN LOBELEIN, Seventh and Rut
ger streets.
TIM RUX, Seventh and Rutger streets.
ROSE DUGGAN, Bonlard Market.
MRS. HELIX. 1301 South Seventh street
HERMAN MUNARI, Eighteenth street
and Geyer avenue.
CHARLES TANDY, St. Louis Cracker
Factory.
ED FELB, engineer Standard Bagging
Company.
WILLIAM WINCKLER, JOSEPH
MEYER, Jefferson and Park avenues.
HERMAN MUNAIN, 1820 South Eighth
street.
MKS. CHARLOTTE ENDERS, 610 Rut
ger street.
MAX WEIS, FRED ZIMMERS, Jeffer
son and Geyer avenues.
SOPHIA DE MARTINI, 402 South
Twelfth street.
KATIE CLAYPOOL, Ewing and Scott
avenues.
JOSEPH DUNN, patient at City Hos
pital.
Unknown child, Ann and California
avenues.
Child of Andrew J. Leincke, 2706 Ham
ilton avenue.
Three unknown, at 1333 South Seventh.
MALACHI McDONALD, 2745 Clark
avenue.
Unknown baby, picked up at Twenty
second and Market streets.
JOHN PANDY, 1328 Mississippi avenue.
NEW TO-DAT.
WORDS OF WISDOT""
TO THE WISE
When the real thing is so cheap where Is tho
philosophy of buying the imitation? There is
more danger of paying too little than there is in
paying too much for clothes— especially, Just
now when the market Is being flooded with low
grade, Inferior clothing. STEIN-BLOCH *
CLOTHES HAVE A PEDIGREE-THE BEST.
TOPPY TOP COATS BOYS' SCHOOL SUITS
$10 to $35 $2 to $8
Swell garments, original ideas, the latest Every thought of goodness are in our
weaves fresh from the looms of both hemi- boys' clothes. The s4fcring, the fabrics
spheres. tne style — everything good.
MEN'S AND YOUIG MEJTS SUITS BOYS' LONG PANTS SUITS
$7.50 to $25 . $5 to $15
Tailored as elegantly as possible, nn- From the lowest price quoted erory de-
common styles, fabrics of fashion's newest ?* 11 , °/ *£,V l m * de Barents not over-
notions, looked. Tne styles are in touch witn fash-
ion's latest.
MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S TROUSERS BOYS' WASH SUITS
$1.65 to $11 75c to $4
In styles as you'd want. Neat somber Swell notions in styles and the gathering
patterns, tailored snch as tailors only can together of colorings are pleasing and dur-
shapethem; all goods are shrank before able. The facility waistband on all suits
we make our trousers. from $1 25 to $4.
HUB NOTES.
Hats— Derbys and Fedoras, new shades, fl, $2, f3.
Co yon know oar 60c Neckwear ?
Negligee and Percale Shirts, 90c the f 1.50 kind—
Bikers get their outfits here.
Boys' Shirt Waists, 45c, 65c, 90c.
Austrian and Russian Crash Suits and separate trousers.
"THE~HUB,"
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
Kearny and Sutter.
A
SURPRISE . . .
Awaits an the wearers of stylish. summer foot-
gear. On all side* arises the question, "How can
they be sold so cheap V An easy one for us to
answer. Ours Is a large store that does. a large
business, situated within the easy access of all, yet
"south of Market," where high rents and out-
landish expenses are unknown.
Our a»
New $2.50
Tans **
In all the late shapes, either in cloth or kid tops,
lace or button, the finest tan kid used In the
uppers, shade the dark chocolate that Is In
demand, . finest sewed -soles, yet the G£O CA
price is ......„......!...... «Jp^.»Ju
All out of the town orders sent on same day
received.- . . ...
Send for the Sullivan catalogue: Just out: shows
all the new 1 apes at the right prices.'
SULLIVAN'S
MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street, •
Just Below Market.
— JONES, .Etna Iron Works.
EMMA CHENEY and ISABELLA
HORNE, 1432 Mississippi avenue.
WILLIAM OTTENAD, 1700 South
Broadway.
WALLACE T. BUTLER (colored), £25
South Jefferson avenue.
ROBERT MILLER, Blair and Benton
streets.
SILAS JONES, Twenty-first and Gra
tiot.
LOUIS BOECKMAN. 614 Rutger.
MRS. LOUIS BOECKMAN, 614 Rutger.
GUSTAVE FULMER.6I4 Rutger.
JAMES KILLIAN, 614 Rutger.
MRS. CLAYPOOL and child, 814 South
Jefferson avenue.
JOSEPH MILLER, Eighteenth and
Choteau avenue.
G. W. KNABEL, 1303 South Seventh.
GEORGE HUBERT, showman of Min
neapolis, at Soulard MarKet.
ANNIE DUGGAN, Eichth and Marion.
MRB. MATILDA RUX, 716 Barry.
TINA RUX, 716 Barry.
JOHN LOHING, 716 Barry.
MRS. CLARA FRIESKE, 1335 South
Seventh.
EDNA FRIESKE, 1335 South Seventh.
MIKE VILSE, killed at gas works.
WILLIAM PLACHEK, 614 Rutger.
— GIBBONS, girl, 2725 St. Vincent ave
nue.
SYLVESTER BENE, 1418 Ohio avenue.
— GALLAGHER, MRS. WOODRUFF,
California and Ann avenues.
TAYLOR HALLOUN, 1401 Missouri
avenue.
THOMAS IRWIN, 2213 Choteau avenue.
JAMES DREUN, City Hospital.
CHARLES ARCHAMBAULT, City
Hospital.
FRANCESCA RODRIGUEZ, City Hos
pital.
LEWIS F. SIMMS, 1707 Par* avenue.
MRS. BALLMAN, 1701 Park avenue.
MRS. BPILLMAN, 2717 Park avenue.
MRS. CRUMP, 2709 Park avenue.
CHARLES SCHWEITSMAN, 2650 St.
Vincent avenue.
In addition to these dead there are at the
Morgue and unidentified the bodies of sev
enteen men and live women. The list of
unidentified is being added to hourly. It
is reported that twenty-nine employes of
the Liggett & Meyers tobacco factory are
in the ruins of tha building.
Twenty-five employes of the St. Louis
Wooden Gutter Company are missing and
are thought to have been killed when the
building fell and buried them.
The dead identified in East St. Louis are :
CHARLES WAIT, 519 Collinsville ave
nue.
WILLIAM SUKBEE, MRS. STOCK, J.
A. PORTER, Bufflin, 111.
JOHN REAMS.
MRS. PATRICK BEAN. MISS BEAN
$7O
SEWING MACHINES
$30.
Wheeler & Wilson No. 9 at That
They are from the Ayre's
bankrupt stock. A few are new.
None can be called old. All go
at the same price. Some are
marred and will be sold for less
money. We warrant all of them.
Machines are delivered free in
San Francisco and instructed ■
upon.
WHEELER & WILSON MFG. CO.,
933 Market, Opp. Mason.
DDIIO C 6 FOR BARBER* BAR. V
IfKIINHrNt" bootblacks, bath- >
PBl Mi feU houses, billiard- table
brewers, - bookbinders, : candy-makers, cannera!
dyers, flourmllla, foundries, laundries, paper*
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stabi*.
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc ■ ■ - ■
_ _„ BUCHANAN BROS.,
Crush Manufacturers, 609S»cramenteMs31AP SHOWING THE PRINCIPAL PORTIONS OF ST. LOUIS, MO., AND EAST ST. LOUIS, ILL., SWEPT BY THE CYCLONE.
The greatest loss of life occurred on the south of the railroad track that divides the city. The section of the town from which
the worst casualties are reported is filled with old bui. dings, many of them having been built half a century ago.
MISS BULLER, EMMA GLADSHAW,
Ruffs Hotel.
L. RICHARDSON, 319 North Sixth
street.
• SCOTT HAYWARD.
AMELIA SI'RBER.
; PETER WALMSLEY.
JOHN ANDERSON.
MRS. BRUCE. .
I EMMA SULLIVAN.
JACOB KINTZE.
P. J. STRICKLEN. '
MICHAEL KILDEA*.
THOMAS KEEFER.
BERT FARREL.
WILLIAM FARREL.
FRANK McCORMACK.
JOSEPH FRANKS.
EX-POLICEMAN THOMAS GRIFFIN
and family of three. i
FRANK ROOSE. foreman at Elliott's
work*.
ROBERT BLAND.
JOHN VALENTINE.
CITY COLLECTOR DAVID S. SAGE
and wife.
ILLIPSTRICKLER JR. and mother.
JUDGE FALK of Vandalia, 111.
MRS. MARTELL.
MR. AND MRS. JOHN HAVES.
WILLIAM HAVES.
MYLES MITCHELL.
I WILLIAM MITCHELL.
IRENE CLENDENNIN.
*• WILLIAM SULLIVAN and wife.
MRS. JOHN REED.
PATRICK DEAN and family of six.
''• JOHN BUCHAREZ.
EDWARD O'BRIEN.
JOHN BREEN. .
IDA GLADDUE.
MRS. ROOF.
ALBERT VOLKMAN.
JOSEPH MITCHELL.
JOHN SULLIVAN.
WILLIAM RICKEY.
. HENRY WATERMAN, Winstanley
Park.
JACOB KURTZ.
MAY CORRIGAN.
FRANK J. MURPHY.
JACK McCAUL.
MISS DEAN.
MISS MARIA EVANS.
Child of Arthur O'Learv.
WIND LEY. . . -
ANDREW ANDERSON.
FRANK ROSS. *
GEORGE WOODS, clerk in the Vandalia
line.
HENRY SPRICKER. Vandalia line.
H. E. HEINE. Vandalia line.
CHARLES CARROLL.
JOHN KENT.
ED KAVANAUGH.
JOHN REAMS.
MISS CON LEY.
• MRS. SLADE.
Flagman of Air Line, name unknown.
MRS. WILLIAM HAVES.
J. A. PORTER, BroHgnton, 111.
MIKE DILLIGAN, Vandalia line.
. CON A WLEY. Vandalia line.
ALBERT VOLKMAN, Vandalia line.
FLEMING.
WILLIE FREE. v.V.vf;
MRS. TRUMP and two children.
MIKE BROOKER.
• BILL STARK, pilot of the Andrew
Christy. ."',:.: -
BEN WEISS.
WILLIAM A VERY, yard master of Big !
Four.
GEORGE CHAPMAN, St. Louis.
GAY AVERT. H^ v
J. S. WICHER, Wiener's Hotel.
JIM FLANNiGAN, cook at Wicher's
Hotel.
WILLIAM HORTIGAN, Hannibal, Mo.
MISS SMOCKE. a :
MARTIN SPEELMAN.
W. H. KEEFE.
MRS. HAYWARD.
MRS. KINNEL.
GEORGE ESHKR.
W. J. MURRAY.
RICHARD ANDRESS. ;
The unidentified in East St. Louis , are
thirty-nine men and sixteen women. Most
of these were workmen about the different
freight depots. - ; r .'» ~
Twenty men employed in the Vandalia
freight depot are missine and are believed
to have been killed when the building fell.
No thorough search of the wrecked dis
trict has been made and it is believed that
when the death iist is known it will exceed
200.
AMONG THE INJURED.
Over Fifteen Hundred Persons Hurt
in the Storm.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. May 28.— Many of the
injured on both sides of the river are be
yond hope of recovery. The list of in
jured reported numbers over 1500, and a
great many were treated at home and no
report made. The schoolhouses in East
St. Louis serve as temporary hospitals,
while on this side the armory does the
same service. Every private hospital is
crowded. .;.*;"
The following is the most correct list of
injured obtainable. Where no injuries
are designated the condition of the victim
la not serious. -
Injured in St. Louis City— Frank Ander-
I son ; Henry Althaus, crushed; Henry
Abtor, serious; George Benal, fatally;
Katie Bennett, both arms broken; George
I Boetz; T. A. Benson, skull fractured;
Henry Bittner. slight; Mrs Jacob Bauer,
both arms broken; H. C. Barlow, bruised;
Robert M. Burton, scalp; William Brink
meyer, Albert Barrett, compound fracture
of thigh; Ben Brennan, John Bilkins,
j Frank Benson, Joseph Boyd, right leg
broken and back hurt; Lawrence M. Brus
ter, scalp; Joseph Brown. (colored), legs
sprained; Mike Beck, internally; Minnie
Beck, internally; Mrs. Frank Basker,
Harry Brender: Charles Brockmeyer, left
leg broken; Dennis Boehn, arm crushed
and his skull fractured, his wife terribly
mashed and bruised; James Campbell,
Thomas Carroll, fractured leg; J. Cle
ments, scalD wound; Mrs. Castle, serious;
David Clanzey, John Curamings (lives in
Houston, Tex.); Charles Craig, Charles
Cunnineham; Eliza Claypool, ribs broken;
Daniel CofTey, James Conway, Donald
Dreff, Patrick Dougherty, internal; J.
Davis, John Dougherty, William Daily,
Hans Ericcson, Lawrence English, Thomas
W. Frye; W. Flint, fractured leg; Abe
Friedman, internal injuries; Joseph.
Frank, probably fatal; H. Ferney, hips,
shoulder, bead.
William Frankie, wife and two children
were dug out fl* the wreck of their home,
all badly hurt; Thomas Griffiths and Mr.
Galvin, fractured skull; William Gregory,
concussion of the brain; Charles Ganng,
aged 61, Martin R. Gratz, aged 24, Edwin
Grady, aged 22; John H. Gunther, both
legs broken, his wife received several
scalp wounds; David Hienter serious;
Mrs. D Hienter, severely injured; Mrs.
Hamilton and infant, fatally; James Hall,
Edward Horsed, Joe Heik, H. Hollen
camp, W. Hike, Key. Father Head, head
cut; Miss Head, hips and internal in
juries; Robert Hall, Miss Clara Herman,
fatally; — . Holkarap, Albert Hardy, head
badly lacerated; William Johnston, frac
tured skull; Jessie Jackson, Fred Jon
clack, James Kane, badly hurt; Charles
Kamper, Harry Kamper, back, knee and
shoulders; August Klaes, Wm. Koch, Geo.i
Key ser,' William: Keiley, "Mrs. Kate Kil
lian, wife of Thomas Killian, who was
killed, leg broken, internal injuries; Jacob
v Klos, wife and child: Michael Lloyd, in
ternally; James. Laben, James Lahey, in
ternally; Gregory Laventus, Daniel B.
Legg, Gustave Leitner, Leintnein,
scalp wound, both eyes destroyed; James
Lennihan. John Leahy, Will Lynn, James
Lenahan, internally; J. H. McCord.
. John Midalcton, Pat Meyer, G. Meyer
J. McQuaxters, John Metier, Robert Mo
land, — McMahon, * Pat Moran. George
Meyer. — McGentiss, Louis Mohr, Louis
Miller, Michael Mulrooney, internally; H.
H. Manes, leg broken; Mrs. Mabes, leg
mashed; Peter McGivens, wife and
'two children, fearfully hurt; two
year-old baby, ' fatally; N. E. Nel
son, leg fractured; Otto Noll, Arthus
Nicolson, J. J. O'Connor, James O'Toole,
O'Brien, both arms broken; John
O'Connor, Professor Pnarl, leg fractured;
Lorn a C. 1 Poole, George Peiper, internal;
George Pope: , internal; G. C. Popltz, fat
ally hurt; P. Penriss, Newton Palmer,
Patrick Rainey, Charles Raraast, Joseph
Ramag, John Rueges, burncd.B|^HH^^H
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
Theodore Reiss, fatally, Bkull fractured;
Patrick Koor.ey, internal; S. Max Stark
liff, Chris Smith, Wiiliam Swanett. Ben
jamin Strauss, Mrs. Josephine Steading,
James Scott, Peter Sharp, R. A. Summers,
August Sear?, AUie Storey, H. A. Sawyer,
internal; \Y. H. Shaw, Joseph Shried, 27,
fatal hurt.
Emil Sportman, wife and three chil
dren, dii£ out of ruins of home; Pat
Tracy, William Thompson, George TetJ
and, J. Taylor, Maud H. Tinker,
Danville. Wis. ; J. L. Tinker, Danville,
Wis. ; M. T. Tinker, Danville, Wis.;
John Tonmey, internaily;
Tootsey, internal ; John Tim rnons, Thomas
Thompson; Kate Tracey, badly crushed,
skull fractured; Charles Ventula, Richard
Votet, John Watson, internal; Robert
Wilson, Mike Waish, Mary Walsh, Daniel
Washburn. Mi.«s Josie Walter. MUy Wel
ter, Bertha Werlinp, William Washington
(21), John Williams, B. T. Walker, both
arms broken and bruised; Jame> Warren,
head and neck cut and crushed, dying.
Following are sorao of the injured at
East St. Louis. In each case where the
nature of the injuries are not designated
they consist of either a fractured limb or
shoulder or severe Fcalp wounds or other
lacerations, all serious but none neces
sarily fatal :
Joseph Duffy, skull fractured; Henry
C. Givens, Joseph Adley, W. T. Pfclk,
head and face cut, leg lacerated; T. J.
Doud, cut on head, right arm paralyzed;
Martin Price, Judge Hopeiof Alton, 111.;
Mary Johnson, W. 11. Williams, assistant
superintendent St. Louis and East St.
Louis Railway, ripht arm broken and
badly cut head; John Malloy, Pat Ken
nedy, Taomas Dougherty, John K.-liy,
right hij> lacerated and abdomen punc
tured, causbt in the ruins of Lynoh's
boarding-house ; Ellsworth Tucker, fatally,
residence Hamilton, Ohio; Pat McCor
mick, Frank Barry, Nancy Pierce, Albert
Pierce. Roy D. Moore, J. D. Roe
iner, ankle, right hip sprained, right
arm dislocated; James Cull, James
King, Amelia White, Patrick Tracey,
Casmir Hartwich, will die; John Mc.Ma
hon, rib fractured, shoulder-blade broken,
back hurt; Robert Bland. Edward Bland,
Peter Harris, railroad fireman, Kansas
City. Mo., left shoulder broken; fciichael
Bannar, John Thompson (colored), Frank
Kroft, William D. Walsh, injured inter
nally. A. Anshel.T. P. Eiam.W. H. K^efer,
James Burke, Thomas Jackson, Chatta
nooga. Term., right collar-bone broken and j
cut on head;- John Berger, William Haps,
W. C. Van Meter, Miss Eva Hamburg,
John Sullivan, Miss^Lizzi? Haintel. Mrs!
Elien Hennessy, chest crushed, wil! die;
Bridget Morrissey, Fred Niede, W. Price,
Baby Brower, Ambrose Harmer. both
legs and left arm broken ; James Ramsey, j
Frank Ross. Venice, 111., internally; Wil
liam Stickney, Mrs. Warner and two chil- j
dren, Litchneld, III.; John Stock, Charles
Kenny, Louis Johnson. Maria Mitchell, |
William Coean, serious; H. K. Vail
Joseph Burke, Dennis Bender, wife and five
children of John McKenzie, E. Koch, left
leg and arm broken; 8. J. Harmon, A. L.
I'.aird, John Bewiger, D. Bender, internal;
H. A. Buchanan, Powell, Ind.. internal;
J. H. McCann, Bert Farrall, both legs cut
off at the thigh; Dan Kelly, Fred Buhle,
left arm broken, spine injured ; Mis-- Mollie
Parrott, Henry 0. Hall, Olney, Hi.; Miss
Mamie Evans, Mrs. E. L. Whicher, Mrs.
Horace Trump.
DELVING FOR THE DEAD.
Men Work Heroically in the Ruins
of Buiidtngs.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 23.— A district in
this city bounded north by Choteau
avenue, west by Grand avenue, south to
the city limits and east to the river is vir
tually a mass of ruins. Not an electric
light has burned nor a car run in that sec
tion, comprising 720 blocks, since 5:20 p. m.
yesterday. Within this territory scare -Iy
a building has escaped injury and thou
sands of them are in ruins. On surveying
tbe desolate scene one marvels that the
deaths are 'not trebly greater. Beginning
at the western boundary of the scene is
the handsome and exclusive residence sec
tion known as Compton Hill, the home of
the fourth generation of the early French
settlers of St. Louis. This aristocratic
home-place is strewn with debris. Just east
lies Lafayette Park. There the trees, shrub
bery, fountains and statuary that have
been the pride of the city were caught by
the wind and the place is shaven bare as
with a giant scythe.
Farther east and south to the city limits
were the homes of the thrifty German-
Americans, who have given a distinct
character to the district. To-night thou
sands of men are homeless, many of them
tram pin? ifke nomads among the ruins or
sharing the roofs of their hospitable and
m-jre fortunate neighbors. Interspersed
in this latter section and on east to the
river are mills, breweries and numberless
manufacturing concerns. Those were fair
targets for the storm, and they suffered.
It was this class of losses that added
most to the wiping out of what is con
servatively stated to be $4,000,000 in
vested capital. There are sixteen brewer
ies within these bounds worth four mil-
Hone, and while none are destroyed, all are
damaged. The losses fall heaviest on those
least able to bear them — business men of
smalicapital and owners of humble homes.
After tne storm had laid its heavy hand
upon the southern half of the city, tire
came to complete the work of destruction.
Five columns of flume shot uo, but, thauks
to the deluge of rain, the blaze was con
line Ito the starting points. In three in
stances the engines were unable to pet
nearer than a block of the fires.
Unsolicited and without prompting, the
work of relief began here at once by the
whole people. A meeting of citizens was
held at noon at the Merchants' Excnance.
Altar brief addresses by Rev. Di. SV. W.
Bo3 T d and Mayor Walbridge, contributions
were asked for. Within forty minutes, or
as fast a 9 the sums given could be ac-
KTiowledged, $14,000 was in the secretary's
hands. Contributions continued after ad-,
journment.
It is not proposed to go outside the city
for aid, though no offering will be refused.
President C. H. Spencer of the Merchants'
Exchange was made chairman of the com
mittee of distribution, and set to work at
once to place the relief moneys
The storm was most destructive in force
when it crossed Beventh street going east,
Tlie eddying currents of wind returned
again and again to make that street a
wilderness. At least forty people were
killed along this thoroughfare and the
streets immediately adjacent. House after
house was totally demolished, and the
wonder crows with extended investigation
that tne number of deaths is not far in ex
cess of what it now appears to be.
Daly's saloon at 604 South Seventh
street was a total wreck. When it fell it
was full of men wno had taken refuge
there, and from fifteen to twenty were
killed. Many of them are of a character
who have few friends and would not be
missed. One poor fellow hag been taken
out dead, and ten others seriously in- j
jured.
It is thought that others are still in the
brick-choked basement, and a gang of men
are busy digging into the debris.
The force of the winl was so frightful
along here that the iron trolley-supporting
poles of the Southwestern electric line are
bent over the ground. They did not
broak, but bent like c6pper wire.
Of course all the telegraph poles are
down, and many of them snapped in twain
with the topheavy heads hanging over I
the street, held aloft by the wires which
still cling to them.
• At the Vermont Marble Work 3, at 112.3
South Seventh street, the wreck was com
plete. It was here that Hurry Hess, a
driver for the concern, was killed. He
was buried beneath tons of the great blocks
of stone which were Lurled about by the
wind.
The saddest place of this frightfully des
olated street was on the southeast corner
of Rutger street. Here had. stood the
three-story brick saloon and boarding
house of Fr«d Mockenheimer. It was oc
cupied by twenty families, the full num
ber of souls reaching at least calculation
eighty.
When the storm struck it it went up like
a dry puff-ball, burying dozens. No one
knows how many dead it 3 ruined brick
( and mortar conceal. Eleven persons have
been taken out dead and more than a
dozen injured.
The body of a gray -haired woman was
discovered and removed, but her name
cannot be learned.
A company of firemen was assigned to
tbe work of rescue and they kept at it
manfully. They were assisted by rela
tives of those who are supposed to be be
neath the debris.
Henry Plauchek was there hunting for
his father. He was pale and sick, but he
kept at it. Hi 3 father, William, had been
in the saloon, he said, when the building
fell. The crowd about the corner was
enormous and hard to handle. The curi
ous throng pushed in over the broken
bricks and shattered timbers, hemming in
the rescue corps and taking desperate
chances of breaking their own legs. Even
the policemen's clubs could not keep them
back.
Across the street the wreck was as bad,
but the number of people in the building
was not so large. Several dead bodies and
a half-dozen sorely wounded have been re
covered and others are still thought to be
there.
One block below this the house of the
Sattigs was crushed in and August Sattig
and his wiie badly hurt.
Up Barry street, a half block, at 715,
Mrs. Rux, her dangber Tina and her
brother, John Loering, were crushed to
death in their home.
Mrs. Clara Fiesecke and her two daugh
ters, Stella and Edna, at 1335 South
Seventh street, were mashed out of shape
by the fall of their home.
Fred Stalman, Mrs. Schmidt, Millie and
Harry Killian and their mother were
dangerously hurt, and James Killian, the
father, was killed at 1303 South Eleventh
street.
The Soulard Market was blown to pieces,
killing George Hubert with the falling
bricks and another man whose name has
not been learned. So it ran along this ill
starred street.
The excursion steamer Grand Republic,
with its load of several hundred children,
reached its dock safely this afternoon. It
had not been within the storm limit.
IN EAST ST. LOUIS.
Havoc of the Tornado In Its Mad
Career.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 28.— 1n East St.
Louis the track of the storm is as clearly
denned, after touching the Illinois shore,
as if platted by a surveyor. Tearing di
agonally through the city, from southwest
to northeast, it cut a clean swath of de
struction.
Bloody Island, the river front of the
city, is a low, narrow strip of land, now
joined to the mainland that was the ter
mini of all the railroads centering there.
Large freightsheds were strung along the
river front. Nine of the largest of these
are in ruins. The greatest damage was
done to the Vandalia, the Mobile and
Ohio, the Big Four, the Chicago and Alton,
the Wabash and the Louisville and Nash
ville sheds.
At the Vandalia the loss of life was
greatest. There the structure seimed lift
ed up and dropped again ovar the founda
tions. Fourteen of the dead tenumerated
were taken from these sheds. Across Cai
hokia Creek, in the city proper, the de
struction was complete.
The relay depot, an abomination which
even the corroding hand of time could not
destroy, went to pieces before the storm.
The switch tower, upon the perfect work
ing of which depends the movement of
nundreds oF trains, was made useless.
Three small hotels in the vicinity were de
stroyed.
North and east of the relay depot a
wide residence section, mostly small
houses occupied by mechanics, was
cleaned up. It is through this part that
the majority of the fatalities occurred.
The high dykes to the west that shut off
the waters of the Mississippi were no pro
tecticn, and the frame houses went down
like houses of cards. The viaduct across
the mass of tracks, east of Cailhokia Creek,
was made useless. The new Martell
House, t se McCausland Opera-house, the
City Hall, Flannigan's Hall, three
churches, the High School and residences
that covered fourteen blocks of ground
east of the viaduct were demolished.
Farther on to the north and east to
the stockyards vicinity everything was
swept away. The definite limits of the
storm indicated above may be clearly
noted here. The National Hotel was un
injured, while two blocks southeast a
bouse owned by H. D. Sexton was torn to
kindling wood. Passing on outside the
city every suburban garden, orchard and
field is razed of its growth. In all this
desolation death ran riot. Hich above
the storm were beard the cries of puffer
ing and the shrieks of people struggling
helplessly against the storm's fury. The
points of greatest disaster, the water front
and the vicinity of the relay depot, have
not yet given up all their dead.
Scarcely a single person in the storm's
highway escaped some injury. Sifting
the truth from the exaggerated storie3 of
excited individuals, it seems probable that
the death list will be between 150 and 200.
Of the injured any figures under 500 and
over 600 may be named.
Coroner Campbell to-day held inquests
on eighty-four bodies and barely kept up
his work as the dead arrived.
One morning paper will to-morrow give
the losses in East St. Louis and on tbe
river as follows: River losses. $750,000; by
storm, $3,000,000; by fire, $250,000; total,
$4,000,000.
DISASTERS TO VESSELS.
Boats Blown From Their Moorings
and Sunk.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 28.— The track
of the storm across the river was prac
tically the same as that of the great
storm of August 4, 1878. The trend of the
main volume of the wind was from south
west to northeast, leaving the Missouri
shore at the center of the southern half oi
this city and striking the Illinois shore in
a path whose northern edge was the Eads
bridge and extending south three-quar
ter.s of a mile.
Within this path were moored twenty
five steamers, large and 3tnall. The storm
fell so suddenly tbat none of the vessels
were prepared. In all ten large passenger
steamers, five ferry-boats, two transfer
boats, two tugboats and half a dozen
small pleasure barges were driven to the
opposite shore or sunk outright.
The steamer J. J. Odill was loosened
from its moorings and blown against tbe
second pier of the Eads bridge, where it
sank. Just before the boat struck her
boi'ers blew up. Nine of her crew of
twelve, besides three women passengers
and her captain, George Townsend, are re
ported as missing. Those of ihe crew who
reached land in safety are John Morrissey,
Patrick Milan and a man named Moore.
About the same time t hft Oaill struck the
pier the towboat Dolphiu No. 2 was blown
from her wharfboat at the foot of Morgan
street, dashinc her up against the first
pier. She struck the pier with a force
that crushed in her starboard side. She
drifted down the river for about three
blocks and then sank, only leaving her
prow above the water.
There were eleven persons, three of them
.. '" ' .__■. . ' NEW TO-DAY
pi yl EffVx. T 1 BttJ&t^f? fi*)^ul^E
vvP / \\»\ VIA \n \v\ MiPrt
YOU OWE
It to yourself to get to the
Big Store to-day early.
These are the final days of
our High-Class Sale of
Gentlemen' s Suits at
$8.50.
Ifs a duty you owe to
yourself to see these suits;
notwithstanding the fact
that you may not need a,
suit, but as a matter of sat -
isf action to yourself to know
who are the bargain givers
in San Francisco. Bargain
is a chestnutty, hackneyed
word, used by a great ma n y
concerns not knowing the\
relative value of such a\
word, but with us bargain
means som efh iff g out of th e
ordinary r Jin of things ; it
has a ringing soun d> of hon-
esty when it emanates from
the big Kca my -street store.
THE
FINAL DAYS
Of those right clever English
Homespuns, those vrrt/ dressy
and tailor-like Spring Suits in
pretty light colorings, medium
and dark, in those right swell
plaids that you see worn so- much
o?i the street, that swell tailors
charge you $JfO for. These are
the suits that tve have on sale at
. $8.50.
(INCORPORATED).
THE &4JT FB AN CIS CO BOYS,
o, ii, 13 and 15 Kearny Street,
women, all of whom had jumped from
either the steamer Pittsburg or the Libbie
Conger, who managed to catch driftwood,
wiiich carried them down the river to the j
Pittsburg ayKe, where they were caught
in an eddy and sunk to Ihe bottom.
The Bald Eagle was blown down the
river for a considerable distance, when the
boat wob capsized and went to the bottom.
About twenty persous were on board,
but nothing has been seen or heard of
them. A great many lives were lost by
the sinking of barges and smaller craft.
In most every case there were at least ten
men on board of each of them, and in
many cases several of them are still miss
ing.
The Baton Rouge Belle, a tugboat, was
forced from its hawser out into the middle
of the river. When it reached there it
began to roll over and over down the river
till it reachod the foot of Choteau avenue,
where it was forced against the wharf of
the Wiggins Ferry Company by the wind
and sunk in fifteen feet of water.
The City of Monroe was dashed against
the shore, but did not go down. Captain
Zeigler exhorted his passengers and crew
not to jump overboard. His last words
were: "There is no danger." He was
blown into the river and drowned.
The following boats are reported as dam
aged or missing: Pittsburg, City of Vicks- '
burg, City of Providence, Belle of Calhoun,
the Maiiill, the Elm G. Smith, the Louis
Houch, Dolphin No. 2, Bald Eagle and the
J. D. Odill.
REPORTS OF DISASTER.
Great Loss of Life and Property in
Illinois Towns.
CHICAGO, 111., May 28.-Telegraph
offices and the depots of railroads which
run to the stricken St. Louis cities were
crowded to-day with relatives and friends
of people who live there, or wbo happen
to have been visiting either of the cities
when the tornado came. The anxious
ONLY
A GAZE
Into our big corner window
will give you an insight to
what the big store is doing at
$8.50.
Those right swell dress up
Suits, maole from those fine
English Worsteds in black,
in cutaways, artistic crea-
tions ; clever garments, in
the single-breasted sack as
well as the cutaway, and
then those fine Black Chev-
iots ; high-class garments ;
such as only swell tailors-
turn out ; if s^the final days
at the price,
$8.50.
• Don't you ivant our new \
book, "Hints from a Big ]
I Store" ? Ifs a valuable '•
\ aid to those that shop by :
: mail. Tour address :
: please and ive'll send it :
: to you. •
men and women wanted information,
about the safety of those they were inter
ested in, or eagerly scanned the bulletin
boards of the railroad companies to learn
about the expected arrival of the first
trains from the storm-swept center. Be
tween 600 and 7CO Chicago people were
registered at the hotels of St. Louis and
East St. Louis, Tuesday night- Three
times as many families seemed to be rep- 1
resented in the crowds at the terminals of
the Chicago and Alton at the Union depot,
of the Wabash road, at the Polk-street sta
tion, and at the Illinois Central statfon,
on the lake front. The railroad telegraph !
operators and the officials oi" the passen
ger departments could give littie informa
tion to the Dubiic. Prostrated wires
formed a gap which could not be bridged'
in a few hours.
An emergency train, which was made'j
up at Carlinviile on the Alton road just
outside the tornado center at 9 o'clock I
last night, was the only train from the St.
Louis region to arrive in Chicago this
morning. Shortly after the arrival of this
special the Kansas City limited, which
crossed the outskirts of the waste left by
the storm at 11 o'clock last night arrived
at the Union depot.
Terminal Superintendent Reeves of the
Alton road received word from Bloom
ington this morning relating the hair
breadth escape of the accommodation train
from being blown off the Eads bridge
into the river. He said:
"The train was almost on the bridge,
drawing slowly, when the bridge was
wrecked and two coaches derailed. No
one was injured on the train, but the crew
say the engine was almost hovering over
the broken spau."
Reports received over the Illinois Cen
tral Railroad wires brought news of great
destruction of life and property in the
neighborhood of Centralia, east and south
east of St. Louis. A telegram received at
Centralia said: "Several reported killed
at Irvington, Richview and Ashley. 1 '
Later information is that th cyclone
34
which passed through Southern Illinois
spread destruction over a large extent o
territory. New Baden, a village an the
Air Line, west of Oentralia, is reported to
have been destroyed, except for six
houses, and thirty-six lives were lost.
Seven persona are reported killed and
thirty injured at New Madrid, southeast
of Centralia.
Five or six miles of telegraph poles are
down between Irvington and Bois, three
miles of them being blown clear off the
right of way. It will take two days to
repair the line. The villages of Bois and
Dix were partially destroyed and several
persons killed. It is estimated that fifty
lives have been lost in Clinton, Washing
ton and Jefferson and a vast amount of
farm property destroyed. Centralia was
not touched.
The tornado struck Breckenridge,
twelve miles from Springfield, destroyed
tne mill and elevator and lightning killed
M. Jenkins and H. Barnes, who were cut
ting grass in the cemetery. The village of
New Mindon, sixteen miles from Cen
tralia, was destroyed by the wind. There
were 350 inhabitants, and no fatalities
were given.
Nasuville wired Governor Altgeld that
tents were badly needed at once for the
homeless.
John Lambert, general manager of the
Consolidated Steel and Wire company, Ft.
Louis, received a telegram from tbat city
to-day stating that the St. Louis factory
was completely wrecked and several of the
workmen injured.
Chicago's public men and business rep
resentatives were quick to-day to take
sympathetic action and offer financial as
sistance to the cities on both sides of the
Mississippi.
Mayor Swift sent a telegram to M<*yor
Walbridge offering aid and then called a
special meeting of the City Council, which
passed similar resolutions and requested
the Mayor to call a mass-meeting to raise
money if needed. Tne Board of Traae,
Builders' and Traders' Exchange and
Union League Club held special meetings
and took similar action toward the two
cities. At Mayor Swift's request Chief of
Police Badenoch left for St. Louis to-night
to represent the city in offering assistance
and ascertain the extent of the damage.
OVER THE SUSQUEHANNA.
Tornado Sweeps a Large Portion of
Pennsylvania.
LANCASTER, Pa., May 28.— A tornado
that came from the York County shore
swept across the Susquehanna'shortly after
1 o'clock this afternoon and did a vast
amount of damage in Columbia, about ten
miles from here, together with several fa
talities.
It first struck the planine-mill of John
Forrey, unroofing the structure and doing
a great deal of damage to houses in the
vicinity of Front street. The black cloud
then struck the Columbia Rolling Mill,
lifted the roof bodily off and buried fifteen
men in the ruins.
Following are the casualties: Percy
Zerger, buried under the roof, head cut,
struck by portions of the flying roof,
fatally injured; Isaac Haverstiek,
puddler, leg and head crushed
and body scalded, died to-night;
Walter Brunner, cuts on head,
arm broken and bruised about the body ;
William Sciileeger. hand broken and in
jured about the body; Harry Duck, ped
dler, struck by timbers and badly cut on
the body ; Joseph Dangert, drivine a cart,
was buried by roof, seriously hurt intei
uftlly.
The rolling mill is completely demol
ished and the machinery ruined.
The storm next struck the electr'c-light
station and badly injured the building.
John Hughes, the* engineer, was instantly
killed in trying to close the windows. He
was blown into the fly-wheel of the engine
and torn to Iragments.
TENTS FOR HOMELESS.
The War Department Authorized to
Supply Them.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 28.-A con
current resolution providing for the loan
of tents by the War Department, and such
other relief as the Secretary may deem
necessary to the sufferers of the St. Louis
storm, was introduced upon the meeting
of the House to-day by Bartholdt and
agreed to without discussion or objection.
Later the Senate amendment making it a
joint resolution was agreed to, and at 4:30
o'clock Speaker Reed announced that he
had signed it. .
Leave was granted Bartholdt and Hub
bard of the Missouri delegation to visit St.
Louis and they left this afternoon.
AID FOR UNFORTUNATES.
Prompt Action Taken By the City
Council of Chicago.
CHICAGO. 111., May 28.— At a special
meeting of the City Council held this af
ternoon for the purpose of considering
the best means of rendering assistance to
the St. Louis sufferers, resolutions were
adopted extending the deepest sympathy
and strongest encouragement of the citi-
Zens of Chicago for the cities of Bt. Louis
and Rush Hill, Mo., and St. Louis and
Drake. 111., and requesting the Mayor to
call a mass meeting of the citizens of
Chicago at an early day for the purpose of
raising money and rendering whatever
aid may be necessary to those injured by
the hurricane.
ELEVEN PEOPLE KILLED.
Effects of the Awful Cyclone in
Carlyle, 111.
CARLYLE, 111., May 28.— A terrific
cyclone struck the town of New Baden,
fifteen miles southwest of here, at 5:30 yes
terday afternoon. Almost every building
in the town was destroyed, there being
nothing to be seen but wreckage at every
turn.
The dead: Ida Born, ajred 4; William
Born, aged 2; John Ferguson, aged 10;
Mrs. Krause, aged 50; Peter Krause, aged
60; Jacob Malrich, aged 50; Pierce Meyer,
aged 50; Adams Peters, aged 22; Minnie
Rist, aged 52; unknown man.
The injured : Jacob Bachman, aged
50; Mrs. Jacob Bachman, aged 50,
seriously hurt, may die; Philip Bassler
and wife, each, receiving a broken limb;
Emma Born, aged 5, internal injuries,
may die; Joan Born and wile,
badly hurt; George Hurst, aged 75;
bruised about the body; Peter John
son, aged 55, internal injuries; Emma
Krauz, aged 23, arm broken and face
bruised; William Kust, aged 55, will prob
ably die; William Rust Jr., internal In
juries ; Bernard Speizer, aged 35, probably
fatally injured: Louis Speizer, bruised
limb.
The cyclone approached from a north
easterly direction, accompanied by vivid
and incessant liphtmng and deafening
peals of thunder, rain failing in torrents.
In less than a minute tbe tornado bad
spent its fore?.
In tbat Epace of time the wreck was com
plete, dead and maimed being on all sides.
There was a lull before the storm, accom
panied by a Btifling sulphuric odor, th»
town being at once plunged in complete
darkness.
WASHINGTON'S BIG STORM.
Violent Winds Tear Up Trees and
Unroof Houses.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ; May 28—At 3:30
o'clock to-day a violent thunderstorm, ac
conipanied b\ wind averaging sixty miles
per hour, passed over this city. The storm
came from the sruthwest and passed
nearly due east. The rain came down in
torrents for a short time. Many of tne
beautiful old trees in the White House
grounds suffered severely. One tree was
taken up by the roots, bearing with it a
segment of green lawn and part of a brick
gutter. The finest tree in the park — a
majestic and aged maple — was practically
ruined, its limbs being twisted off and
strewn in every direction.
Another tree broke off near the ground
and a score more were denuded of limbs.
The path of the wind can be traced through
the grounds by the fallen trunks and
branches. A space less than 100 yards
wide marked the progress of its tury. The
wind took the roof off the Memorial
Church at Vermont and Fourteenth
streets. The trees were blown down in
every part of the city and many small
houses unroofed.
SPLENDID NEWS SERVICE.
As Usual, The United Press Scooped
Its Rivals.
NORWALK, Ohio, May 28.— The Chron
icle, Norwalk's vigorous young morning
paper, issued an afternoon edition to-day
containing tbe magnificent report of the
St. Louis disaster furnished by the United
Press up to 4 p. m.
Speaking of Wednesday night's report
the Chronicle says: The Chronicle's re
port of the St. Louis cyclone was by two
columns more complete than that of any
Cleveland paper which came to Norwalk.
The United Press beat tbe Associated
Press two to one on its report.
LINCOLN, Nebb., May 28.— The follow
ing editorial, which is self-explanatory,
will appear in to-morrow's State Journal:
"The report of the fit. Louis storm
printed by the Journal yesterday morning
w,as prepared and sent out by the United
Press. It was, considering the monstrous
difficulties encountered, the most notable
piece of newspaper work done in this
country in recent years. The task of col
lecting and transmitting the particulars of
the great disaster could not be commenced
until after 6 o'clock and then practically
all of the telegraph wires in the path of
the storm were prostrated. How the
United Press managed to send out nearly
a full page of vivid and fairly accurate re
ports in the next six hours is a puzzle to
telegraph operators and newspaper men.
A press association that can perform such
a feat must be highly organized and well
equipped with brains."
OMAHA, Nebr., May 28.— The World-
Herald will say editorially to-morrow
morning:
"The superior service of the United Press
covering the St. Louis catastrophe enabled
this paper to give to its patrons a com
prehensive story of the terrible details
twelve hours beiore its Associated Press
competitors were roused from their slum
bers to the fact that anything very start
ling had occurred. An attempt to relieve
their defeat by 'extras,' with garbled re
ports taken from other papers, failed
utterly. "
BOSTON. Mass., May 28. —The Record,
the afte noon newspaper associated with
the Morning Advertiser, to-day says:
"Since the Journal dropped out of the
United Press news service, which supplies
the Advertiser, it has made some talk
about what news it was getting that the
other papers did not. As there were in
the claims very few items of any impor
tance, no attention was paid to this by
any of the United Press papers. But last
night came a real test of the comparative
merits of the United and Associated Prsss
service, the former supplying the Re
cord and the other leading pap rs of the
city. While the other papers piled up
fact upon fact with a wealth of detail in
the way of names of people killed and
property destroyed at St. Louis, toe West
ern Associated service gave only frae
mentary and incomplete accounts. It
gave the names of only a few of the many
buildings destroyed or damaged, and re
ported the steamer Grand Republic, for
instance, destroyed, while the fact i 3 that,
though stranded, she is safe and dound.
"Tbe Advertiser's report this morning,
being the full United Press report, was a
splendid piece of newspaper work, and
showed what could be done in the face of
such disaster by a news service that is
thoroughly equipped and master of its
own resources at such a trying time. It
not only told well the story of the storm,
but gave what is of the choicest value
at such a time, a thorough summary of
the buildings ruined, and considering the
circumstances, a remarkable list of the
dead."
METHODIST CONFERENCE ENDED.
But the Question of Woman* Eligibility
Is Still Unsettled. %
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 28.— The
Twenty-seventh General Conference of the
Methodist Episcopal church, which for
four weeks has absorbed the attention of
tbe religious world, is a thing of the past.
With a fall of the gavel in the hand of
Bishop Merrill at 10:20 p. m. the confer
ence and its acts passed into history.
On the great questions wbich have ab
sorbed the attention of the church it has
done practically nothing. The question
of a woman's eligibility to sit in the
General Conference is exactly where it was
before.
The constitution revision has not pro
ceeded a step beyond where it was eight
years ago. The conference straddled most
effectively the matter of lay representa
tion. It adopted a disciplinary clause
providing for equal lay and clerical repre
sentation in the general conference, know
ing that it would not, in all probability,
receive the necessary three-fourths vote in
the annual conferences. It refused to al
low the laymen the privilege of sitting in
the annual conferences, but gave them the
right to sit separately in tbe general con
ference. Bishop Joyce presided over the
nrst part of tbe final session. The de
votional exercises were conducted by Rev.
Dr. J. B. Hinsley of Minnesota.
Dr. Mitchell, secretary of the committee
on boundaries, presented a report hxine
the boundaries of 123 conferences and
twenty missionary conferences at home
and abroad and including twenty-one
enabling acts. It was adopted without
debate.
A second report fixing the number of
members essential to tbe organization of a
new conference at thirty instead of twenty
was laid on the table.
ignite a row was raised by several mem
bers who were opposed to granting an an
nual subsidy of $3000 to the Pacific Chris
tian Advocate of Portland, Or. The item
was adopted.
Dr. Ji art jell, missionary bishop to Afri
ca, made a brief speech asking for the
good wishes and prayers of the delegates
for him in his new work.
At 12:30 o'clock the final panorama was
placed on the stage by Dr. Buckley, who
rose to move that according to custom, all
futber reports of committees be laid on
the table and that tbe roll be called for tne
presentation of the usual vote of thanks.
The closing hymn, "Laborers In the
Vineyard." was then sung. Bishop Bow
man offered the closing urayer. Bishop
Foster pronounced the benediction and
the delegates filed out.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
DODGED TH
SILVER QUESTION.
Prohibitionists Declare Em
phatically Against the
White Metal.
OTHER PLANKS BROKEN.
The Party Now Will Have Only
One in Its New Plat
form.
J. LEVEEING FOE PRESIDENT.
Displeased Members Formed a Ntw
Organization Called the Na
tional Party.
PITTBBURG, Pa., May 28.-At the
Prohibition Convention this ruorning the
women were given a hearing in favor of
woman's suffrage and other reforms ad
vocated by the Women's Christian Tem
perance Union. A committee of live
Hon. Joshua Levering of Baltimore. Nominated for President by the Prohibition
Party.
ladies was appointed to consider these
requests and report on them.
Dr. J. K. Wunk of New York, chairman
of the committee on platform tben re
ported tbe platform as agreed upon by
the majority of the committee upon the
lines heretofore indicated in The United
Press dispatches.
The first six planks, denunciatory of the
liquor traffic and proposing straight-out
prohibition, h« said, had been unani
mously adopted. The seven th plank,
which declared that no citizen should be
denied tbe right to vote on account of sex,
he said, had been adopted by only a small
majority. The other planka upon which
there was some division in the committee
were:
Clause B— That all citizens should be pro
tected in their right to one day's rest a week.
Clause 9— Non-sectarian schools to be taught
In the English language.
Clause 10— Election of President, Vice-Presi
dent and Senators directly by the people.
Clause 11— Liberal pensions.
Clause 12— Exclusion of paupei and crim
inal immigration.
Clause 13— The naturalized citizen not to
vote until a year after naturalization.
Clause 14 — Favoring arbitration.
Clause 15— Inviting co-operation of all per
sons favoring these views.
When Governor St. John arose to pre
sent the minority report he was received
with loud applause from tbe broad-gauge
faction, which increased as he read tbe
minority plank, as follows:
Resolved, That all money be issued by the
Governmeut only, and without the Interven
tion of any private citizen, corporation or
banking institution. It should be based upon
the wealth, stability and integrity of the Na
tion, and be a full legal tender for all debts,
public and private, and should be of sufficient
volume to meet the demands of legitimate
business interests of the country and for the
purpose of honestly liquidating all our out
standing obligations payable in coin. We de
mand the free and unlimited coinage of silver
and gold at a ratio of 16 to 1, without consult
ing any other nation.
The other points on which the minority
asked action were as follows:
Seventeenth— Preserving public lands from
monopoly and speculation.
Eighteenth— Government control of all the
railroads and telegraphs.
Nineteenth— Favoring an income -tax and
imposing only such import duties as are neces
sary to secure equitable commercial relations
with other nations.
Twentieth— Favoring the adoption of the in
itiative and referendum as a means of obtain
ing tree expression of the popular will.
On their motion to make their commen
dations part of the majority report the
fight began. The Indiana delegates de
manded tbat the vote be taken by a call of
States, and New York and Pennsylvania
delegates to a sufficient number seconded
the motion.
Tbe vote was then taken on a motion to
table Governor St. John's proposition and
resulted as follows: Ayes 310, noes 492.
At the afternoon session the convention
proceeded to the immediate consideration
of the free- silver plank proposed by the
broad-gauge faction, which was discussed
with treat warmth on each side. After
three hours' hot debate the free-silver
plank was defeated by a vote of 387 ayes to
427 noes. Two of the lowa delegation an
nounced that they voted for the plank
under instructions and against their con
victions. Five of the Michigan delegates,
under the lead^ship of Professor Dickie,
ex-chairman of the National Committee,
disobeyed tbe instructions of the commit
tee and voted "No."
The chair declared the free silver reso
lution lost, and, after the cheering and
excitement which this announcement
had caused had quieted down, the con-
Tention proceeded to the consideration of
other parts of the platform, against which
tbere Was no strong opposition.
But before much progress had been
I mnde Patton of Illinois upset the whole
course of progress and precipitated a
lively debate by opposing the non-sec
' tarian school resolution as being the
| work of the American Protective Union,
and then appealed to the convention not
to adopt anything which would prevent
their eulisting all good citizens to aid
them in fighting the rum power. He pro
posed a sub-platform which omitted men
tion of every subject (woman suffrage
included) except prohibition.
Governor St. John, his voice showing
great emotion, rose and said as the single
plank men had been successful, and had
induced the convention to dodge the
greatest question of the day — the silver
question— he was in favor of turning over
the whole organization to them, and if
they must have a single-plank platform
he was inclined to think this was as good
a one as could be had.
Meantime Mrs. Helen Gougar and other
prominent woman suffragists, manifest
ing great excitement, demanded recogni
tion to denounce "'those cowardly men."
Chairman Stewart, addressing Mrs.
Gougar, warmly reminded her that th re
were 800 other delegates in the convention
besides herself.
In a scene of intense confusion the pre
vious question was ordered by a rising
vote, and Mr. Patton's substitute was de
clared adopted, and thus became the sole
platform of the party. Its full text was as
follows:
The Prohibition party, In National conven
tion assembled, declares its firm conviction
that the manufacture, exportation, importa
tion and sale of alcoholic beverages has pro
duced such social, commercial, industrial and
political wrongs, and is now threatening the
perpetuity of all our social and political insti
tutions; that the suppression of the same by a
National party, organized therefor, is the
greatest object to be accomplished by the
voters of ovir country, and i? of such importance
that it of right ou^bt to control the political
action of all our patriotic citizens until suoh
suppression is accomplished. The urgency of
this cause demands the union without further
delay of all citizens who desire the prohibition
of the liquor traffic. Therefore, be it
Ketnlved, That we favor the legal prohibition
by State and National legislation of the manu
facture, importation, exportation, interstate
transportation and sale of alcoholic beverages.
Rnolvtd That we declare our purpose lo or
ganize ond unite all the friends of prohibition
into our party, and in order to accomplish this
••nd we deem it but ri^ht to leave every Pro
hibitionist the freedom of his own convictions
upon all other questions and trust our repre
sentatives to take such action upon other po
litical questions as the changes occasioned by
prohibition and the welfare ol the whole people
shail demand.
The result seemed to take the broad-
Rangers completely fay surprise, although
it was intimated that an undemanding
had been had between some of the leader?
of tha two factions that whichever side
was successful on the silver question should
have its way as to the rest of the platform.
The Western men who favored the in
sertion of the Populist features recom
mended by the minority of the platform
committee fairly yelled themselves hoarfe
in declarations that the Prohibitionists
were no longer a political party, but had
become a mere temperance association.
The chairman pounding his gavel in
vain efforts to quiet the din shouted that
Mr. Dickie of Michigan was recognized
for the purpose of making a statement.
That statement was not made, for Henry
French of California, who was, one of in
numerable delegates standing on chairs
and clamoring' to be heard, shouted: "It
is eminently proper that Mr. Dickie should
be recognized, for the Prohibition party
has been assassinated, and he is the as
sassin."
In the midst of the hubbub tbat fol
lowed this remark Mr. St. John came for
ward and, changing his recently expressed
opinion that Mr. Patton's single-plank
platform was the best that could be had
nnder the circumstances, moved to recon
sider the vote by which it had been
adopted.
The narrow-gauge men at once moved
to lay this motion on the table, and, by a
rising vote, in which everybody seemed to
be standing up for both sides of the ques
tion at the same time, the motion to table
the resolution was declared adopted.
A recess was taken at 6:45 p. M. until 8
p. M., and the broad-gauge men immedi
ately went into caucus to consider their
further plans.
About 300 delegates attended the broad
gauge caucus, including sixty women. Va
rious bolting propositions were bowled
down and the decision was reached to post
pone all action until after the final adjourn
ment of the regular convention.
As soon as the night session of the con
vention was called to order the roll was
called for nominations for President and
Vice-President of the United Statei. Jar.
Tucker of Maryland nominated Joshua
Levering of that State.
Elisha Kent Kane of Pennsylvania
nominated ex-Governor L. C. Hughes of
Arizona, a former citizen of Philadelphia.
He claimed that President Cleveland, in
the course of the grinding tyranny he wai
subjecting us to, had tyranically sought
to put down Governor Hughes because he
had espoused the Prohibition interest and
had put it in the front in Arizona. He
read a telegram from Governor Hughes,
intimating that he would accept the
nomination and would stand with the
party during the campaign and that he
was a political Prohibitionist without
q ualitication.
No other nominations for President were
made. Mr. Levering's nomination was
seconded by Mr. Hipp of Illinois, Y. B.
Cushing of Maryland, Mr. English of New
York and McClennan Brown of Ohio, the
latter in a most amusingly egotistical
speech, which restored the conTention to
uprorious good humor; also by A. A.
Stevens of Philadelphia, Mr. Williams of
Rhode Island and delegates from Dela
ware, Georgia, Tennessee and other States.
No one hayine seconded ex-Governor
Hughes' nomination his name was with
drawn and Joshua Levering of Baltimore
was nominated by acclamation as the Pro
hibition standard-bearer.
With waving of flags and tumultuous
demonstrations of applause the candidate
was escorted to the platform ana made a
graceful address of acceptance.
Soon after 11 p. m., when the Na
tional Commiiteo had possession of
the floor and contributions to the
campaign fund, headed by a number
of ?500 checks from New York delegates,
were pouring in, a tramping down the
aisle to the left of the chair announced the
departure of the free-silver, woman-suf
frage and Populist "bolters," about 200 in
number, who had secured a hall and were
preparing to hold a meeting elsewhere.
They very materially disturbed the pro
ceedings of the convention. At this rao
men Mrs. Boots of New York, on behalf
of the V'oman's Christian Temperance
Union, obtained permission to offer a res
lution, and moved the reinsertion in the
olatform of the woman's suffrage plank
which had been stricken out by the sub
stitute.
Confusion once more took possession of
the meeting. A delegate from Colorado,
standing on nis chair and wildly gesticu
lating, declared that the substitute plat
form adopted insulted tbe decent men and
respectable women of tne convention and
nad driven the venerable chieftain, St.
John, out o* the ranks.
Mrs. Boole subsequently changed the
form of her resolution, making it simply
a declaratory declaration and not a part of
the platform, and in this respect it was ac
cepted by the chairman of the committee
on resolution* and adopted with only a
few dissenting votes.
Nominations for Vice-President were
then proceeded with. Captain J. D\ Cleg
horn of Wisconsin was named, bui an
nounced him.-elf as disqualified, as he had
been born in Canada.
New York, Massachusetts and New
Jersey named John Hipp of Colorado.
Mr. Hipp declined the nomination.
Other candidates named were: Ed Ken
dell of Cambridge, Mass. ; Hale Johnson
of Illinois, Homer L. Castle of Pittsbur^,
who.declinel; Robert H. Patter of Illinois,
who withdrew, and ex-Governor Hughes
of Arizona.
Nominations were closed and a vote
taken, which resulted: Hughes 123, John
son 309. The nomination of Mr. Johnson
was then mad«- unanimous, and. upon be
ing escorted to the platform, be accepted
the honor with thanks. With a vote of
thanks to the local papers and the United
Press for accurate reports, the convention
at 12:30 a. m. adjourned sine die.
Mr. Dickie was re-elected National chair
man.
The bolting delegates who witndrew
from the prohibition convention held a
meeting and organized "the National
party," with "home rule" their motto. A
platform was adopted embodying the
minority report, wnich was submitted by
the Prohibition broad-gauge faction, but
rejected by the convention. C. E. Bentley
of NebrasKa was nominated for President;
J. H. Southgate of South Carolina, Vice-
I'n sident. A National committee with
L. B. Logan of Ohio, chairman, was or
ganized.
TO PROHIBIT BOND ISSUES.
Except With Both the Sanction of Both
Houses of Congress— Argued in
the Senate.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, May 28.— The
only actual piece of legislation by the Sen
ate to-day was the ;.assage of the House
joint resolution for the loan of tents to tbe
sufferers by the appalling storm of yester
day in and near St. Loui.-, and that resolu
tion was passed rather because it would
appear unnecorous not to pass it than be
cause it was regarded fitting or necessary.
That at least was the view of it expressed
oy Senators Vest of Missouri and Cullom
of Illinois. The joint resolution had re
ceived the signatures of the Speaker and
Vice- President and had been sent to the
President before adjournment.
The conference report, on the Indian ap
propriation bill met determined resistance
on account of an amendment contained in
it (and which had no basis in the bill as
passed), providing for extending the rights
and duties of citizens to the Indians of the
tive civilized tribes. Tbe matter went over
without action at 2 o'clock, when the con
sideration of the bill to prohibit the issu
ance of bonds without consent of Congress
was taken up.
Daniel of Virginia continued the speech
which he had begun yesterday in support
of the bill and in advocacy of free
coinage and in advocation of the silver
policy, winding up with the emphatic
declaration that he took bis place in the
ranks of the plain masses of the American
people who appreciated their institutions
and intended to defend them at whatever
cost.
A speech in favor of the bill was also
made by Peffer of Kansas, in which he de
clared that if tbe gold policy were per
sisted in and if the usurpation of the Pres
ident in issuing bonds were not stopped
(which was the object of the bill) the peo
ple would be driven to repudiation.
Tne bill went over without action and
the Senate at 6:20 adjourned until to
morrow.
IN THE HO USE.
Appropriations Made to Repair Several
Public Buildings.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 28.— 1n the
house to-day the partial conference report
upon the sundry civil appropriation bill,
which was under consideration when the
House adjourned yesterday, was disposed
of. The House agreed to the following
Senate amendments: Appropriating $5000
to build approaches to the Martinsburg
(W. Va.) public building: appropriating
$43,000 to repair and improve the Court
house at Little Rock, Ark., and appropri
ating $60,000 to repair and improve the
New York posloffice.
Tbe bill granting Fort Omaha reserva
tion to the State of Nebraska was agreed
to, with an amendment recommended in
conference tbat it be leased to the State at
a nominal figure.
The House rejected the conference re
port on the bill to pension the widow of
the late General Poe of the engineer corps,
fixing tbe amount at $75 a month, and in
sisted upon its amendment making the
pension $50 a month.
The remainder of the day was spent in
discussing the contested election case of
Johnson vs. Stokes, from the Seventh
South Carolina District. Johnson's right
to the seat was maintained by Overstreet
(R.) of Indiana in a two hoars' speech, to
which DeArmond (D.) of Missouri re
sponded for an hour and a half. Without
completing the case the House at 5:15 ad
journed.
FREE RIGHT OF WAY.
Or Operations Will Cease When the Val-
ley Road Reaches Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., May 28.— C. S. Young of
San Francisco, who is in this county look
ing after rights of way for the Valley road,
to-day received a telegram from Chief En
gineer W. B. Storey staling that the direc
tors of the road feel tbat free right of way
between Fresno and Bakersfield should be
given, and unless satisfactory arrangement
in this respect is made operations will
cease when the road reaches Fresno.
CAUSED BY AN
OVERLOADED CAR.
The Victoria Horror Could
Easily Have Been
Avoided.
BRIDGE WAS UNSAFE.
Built Only to Be Used by Foot
Passengers and
Wagons.
WHEKE TO LAT THE BLAME.
The First Work of the Coroner W,l
Be to Identify All
Bodies.
VICTORIA, B. a, May 28.— This city is
still in a dazed condition as the result of
the dreadful bridge disaster. All yester
day divers were at work. The cai that fell
with the bridge was pulled out on the
bank, bat it is believed that there are still
a number of bodies entangled in the
wreckage of the bridge itself.
Fifty-three bodies have been taken from
the wreck, and it is known that at least
three more are yet to be recovered. But
there are probably more than three still
to be added to the death list.
What makes the whole affair more sad
is that the accident was entirely avoidable.
The bridge bad on three separate occa
sions been pronounced unsafe and had
been condemned. It was built for wagon
traffic and its limit of strength was only
one-fourth what it would have been had
it been intended for railroad use.
The car that caused the accident was
the heaviest on tne line. Once before,
several months ago, it had crossed the
bridge when crowded, and had caused
such a sagging that it was feared that the
bridge would fall. After that experience
the car was not iun until this week, when
it was put on to accommodate the extra
traffic. It is reported that the city will be
sued for $1,000,000 damages by relatives of
the victims.
The Coroner has opened an inquest into
tbe causes of death of victims of tbe dis
aster, and announced that the inquiry
would be of the most thorough nature.
He announced t at all that was required
for the present was the identification of
the bodies by the authorities, after which
an investigation as to the facts would go
on. Several people who had been im
paneled were removed as ineligible. The
number of wounded, so far as ascertained,
is between twenty-five and thirty.
No deaths have occurred from injuries
or exposure. Some of the cases are of a
particularly painful character. One entire
tamily was wiped out, and in one case a
number of little children were deprived of
both father and mother.
MIRACULOUS ESCAPES.
BeMidentt of Vancouver, B. C, Tell of
Some Awful Experience*.
VANCOUVER. B. C, May 28.— Many
Vancouverites were eye-witnesses of the
Point Ellice Bridge disaster, while others
from Vancouver actually escaped from the
ill-fated tramcar. Among the killed from
this town were: J. G. Gordon, Bradstreet's
agent, and Mrs. Physick, wife of the as
sistant foreman of the C. P. R. R. shops.
Mr. Physick announces that he will sue
the city of Victoria for heavy damages.
Mr. Gordon, before leaving, was can
vassed for an accident policy. He an
swered, "All right; write me up for
$5000." These few words meant a great
deal to his wife and children, who other
wise would have been left in compara
tively destitute con lition.
J. Armstrong, private secretary of Wil
liam Brown, freight manager of the Cana
NEW TO-DAY.
OPEN TO-NIQHT TILL 10 O'CLOCK.
War's
Immortal
Memories
Are changeless and unfading. It is no irreverent com-
parison to say that equally changeless and unfad-
ing are the INDIGO-DYED BLUE KERSEY
SUITS of the Oregon City Woolen Mills ;
which we offer to the veteran defenders of our
national honor and union — to be worn on
the day set aside for decorating the \
graves of fallen heroes and brethren.
MEDIUM WEIGHT, single breasted .• . - . $9.50
MEDIUM WEIGHT, double breasted .... $10.00
MEAN WEIGHT, single and double
breasted $15.00
Let your decoration day suit be "true bine."
BROWrfe^o
Wholesale Manufacturers
Ptopu Oregon Ci!» Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
dian Pacific railroad, was one of three or
four who escaped from the front car that
took the fearful plunge. A lady, to whom
Armstrong had eiven his seat, in thanking
him, remarked that the car was stifling,
and asked him if be would raise the win
dow behind her. Tbe next moment Arm
strong was struggling for his life in the
whirling waters, and the unknown woman
who had addressed him was a bruised and
bleeding corps* imprisoned in the car at
the bottom of the river. Armstrong's eal
lantry saved his life. He had opened the
window, and still bad his hands on the
frame when the accident occurrei. When
the overcrowded car unresisted sought the
center of eravity fifty feet below, Arm
strong was bodily jerked out of the win
dow, and before he realized what ha<i hap
pened, he found himself, head above
water, making his way for shore among
the struggling masses of humanity.
Mr. Twineford, a barber on the Can
adian Oriental steamer Empress o India,
showed marvelous presence of mind. He
was on a car directly behind Armstrong
when he saw Armstrong shoot like a bolt
from a cannon out of the car and dove
after him. He also rose to the surface
and swam ashore, and with Armstrong
afterward assisted in -aving the drowning.
Among the most miraculous escapes was
that of ex-Judge Jordan and wife of Van
couver and Lawyer A. S. Potts and wife.
The party were in a carriage opposite the
car when the bridge gave way. All four
were thrown into the -raters among
crashing timbers. While the carriage
sank with the horses Mr. Potts swam with
his wife to a portion of the bridge resting
on the submerged car and shouted to ex-
Judge Jordan to do the same. Mr. Jordan
was not such a good swimmer a- his com
panion, but succeeded in keeping himself
and -wooning wife afloat until a rescue
boat arrived. The entire party were
saved.
There have not been any additions to
the death list to day. At the inquest the
tramway company, the Provincial Gov
ernment and the city will be represented
by counsel. No damage suits have been
instituted as yet, and it is not likely that
such proceedings will be begun until the
responsibility has been fixed. The tram
way company disclaims all responsibility,
and if an inquiry should reach the same
conclusion the city will have to face the
claims for damages, which will not likely
be less than $500,0 00.
Seven Tlc'inm lirnuaht to Seaitle..
SEATTLE, Wash., May 28.— The bodies
of seven Seattle victims of the Ellice bridge
disaster were brought to this city t iis
morning from Victoria on the steamer
Kingston.
THE MONTEREY CELEBRATION.
Consternation la Caused by the General
. Stannffer'H Resignation.
MONTEREY, Cal., May 28.— ex
ecutive committee of the semi-centennial
celebration ot American occupation of
California convened last night at the
Bank building to talk over the matter of
finance?. All of the Monterey committee
were present. Pioneer Sherman repre
sented San Francisco and tne Veterans'
committee. General Manager Berwick
caused as much excitement by tendering
his resignation as manager as if & small*
sized bomb had been thrown in their
midst. Mr. Berwick has been the stanch
est worker and backer of the project, and
it was through his untiring efforts ana
influence that the ships of war and United
States forces were secured. Mr. Berwick
was seen to-night and said: --a '•';.
"It is true tbat I have resigned as gene
ral manager. There has been trouble
brewing for some time in regard to the
finances, and I have ended it by this step.
When I undertook the affair it was with
the understanding tbat 1 was to control all
moneys. Some members of thecommittee
objected, so I have resigned. Otherwise
ttie success of the celebration is assured,
and it will be a bigger celebration than
people look for."
Ursulin* Academy Commencement.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 28.— The an
nual commencement exercises of the
Ursuline Academy were held here to
night in the Academy Assembly Hall.
Tlae decorations were magnificent and a
fine musical and literary programme was
rendered by the students. The Misses
Sarah and Bridget Markham, daughters
of Andy Markham, the well-known capi
j talist, vere the graduates. The music
medal was awarded to Miss I. Tormey and
the Christian doctrine medal was won by
Miss M. McGraw. Rev. Father Casey of
San Francisco addressed tbe graduates
and presented the medals to the young
ladies. The Revs. Fathers McDonald and
Harrington of San Francisco and Meiler
of Healdsburg were also present.THE SAN JOSE
WILL CONTEST,
Many Persons Continue to
Watch the Parker
Case.
MRS. HUSBAND'S STORY.
A Bright Young Widow Who
Claims She Was Engaged
to the Testator.
THEIR EVENING BUGGY RIDES.
Did Not See Him for Six Months,
but the Engagement Was
Never Broken.
SAN JOSE, Cat-., May 28.— The contest !
of the will of the late George H. Parker in i
Judge Reynolds' court attracts a great
many spectators. The first witness this
morning was Mrs. Husbands. She stated
that she was a widow and lived in Ala
meda. Mrs. Husbands is a bright young
woman and not over 25 years of age, and
claims that she was engaged to Parker at
the time of his death. She testified that
she first met Parker in San Franciaco, in
1892, at the studio of Miss Sinnott, where
the witness was studying painting. Parker
called on her frequently during the first
month of their acquaintance. Then for a
month she did not see him, but the fol
lowing month she met him in San Jose.
For the next month or six weeks they met
several times daily in this city, and during
that time they went out riding together
quite often in the evenings.
On her return to her home in Alameda
Parker called on her there quite often, aud
they indulged much in the pleasure of
buggy riding. For six months after that
she did not see him, she having gone on a
visit to Humboldt, but again met Parker
in January, 1893. Buggy-riding was one
of the pleasures they enjoyed most every
day, and the witness saw Parker up to
within two or three days before he last de
parted for the East.
"Were you engaged to marry him?"
asked Attorney Cooean.
"Yes," was the reply of the witness.
"Did it last up to the time of the death
of Mr. Parker?"
"It was never broken."
From this topic Attorney Coogan quickly
turned his attention to another topic and
asked wnat Parker had ever said to her
about his son Edward. The witness saia
that Parker had often said that Edward
was a drunkard, extravagant, a spend
thrift and smoked the best cigars. This
information Parker claimed to have re
ceived from Jane Pomeroy. In further
conversation with the witness Parker had
told her that his son had been offered his
fortune to ieave his wife, but baa refused
to do so, and that after all there must be
some good in both of them. In concur
ring in this opinion the witness said to
Parker that she would reserve her opinion
as to the son and his wife until she became
his wife.
The deposition of D. W. C. Thompson
was offered this morning by Attorney Pat
terson for the contestant. Thompson Had
known Parker thirty years prior to his
death, And in the first fifteen yer.rs met
him pearly every day in business inter
course, but in later years not so often.
The tet-timony regarding the condition of
mind cf Parker in recent years was not
admitted, as the witness had not qualified
himself as of sufficient intimate acquaint
ance in latter years. As to the condition
of mind of the testator in the first fifteen
years of his acquaintance, this testimony
was also ruled out on the ground of being
too remote.
During the morning session Attorney
Patterson offered the inventory and ap
praisement of the estate, which showed
the entire value of the estate in Santa
Clara, San Francisco and Alameda coun
ties to 1.-c worth $244,239.
Mrs. Mary 8. Welch waß also briefly
cross-e <~amined this moraine by Mr.
Delma but nothing of importance was
developed.
In t'«e afternoon Mrs. Husband was
cross-e 'amined by Mr. Delmas. Several
letters were showu from her to Parker, and
from P;rker to her, in which there was an
entire absence of love, and no evidence of
an engagement.
♦ —
KILLED BY A RUNAWAY.
Frank Tevia Thrown From a Cart and
Fatally Injured.
SAN JOSE. Cal., May 28.— Frank Tevis,
a ranc ■it who resides on the Airuaden
road, stout nine miles south of this city,
died left night from injuries he received
Wedn&day morning by being thrown
from ajoart. Tevis was driving a couple
of colts to a lieht cart.
He -, ad dismounted, and as he was
about ?o get in tbe -cart again the colts
startedvan-i he fell on the back of his head
in the 'road. He lay there unconscious
from a^out 9 o'clock in the morning until
3 in th* afternoon, when he w*s discov
ered by school children. He was removed
to his home and a physician summoned.
There was a great gash in the back of his
head, end death resulted from concussion
of the brain.
IHRME It Alt Sit BURNED.
Loam .-bout $4000— Partially Insured.
. Incendiarism Suspected.
SAN OSE, Cal., May 28.— Three large
barns, -he property of the San Jose and
Santa Clara Railway Company, were
burned :to the ground to-night. Loss to
property, about $4000; fully insured. Two
of the barns weie occupied by Bennett
Bros., hay-dealers, and one by George L.
Fiizgercld as a cigarette-shop.
Bennett Bros.' loss is estimated ats3soo;
insurance $2000. George L. Fitzgerald's
loss is $1000; no insurance. Adjoining
houses were slightly damaged. The fire is
supposed to have been of incendiary
origin, as a young man claims he saw a
man run from the premises n few minutes
before he uaw the blaze and turned in the
alarm.
Two Runaway ' Girl*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 28. — Maude
Starkey, the 15-year-old daughter of George
Siarkey. who resides on Union street, has
run away from home. Of late the girl has
been rather wayward and associating with
questionable characters. Louise Kelly, a
girl about tbe saint' age, residing on Grant
street, has also disappeared, and it is
thought tbe two girls have run off to
gether.
Memorial Hay at Santa Roaa.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 28.—Memo
rial day will be fittingly observed in Santa
Rosa. The pupils of the high and gram
mar schools will hold memorial , exercises
on Friday afternoon, consisting of patri
otic readings and songs and a flag drill.
On Saturday afternoon literary exercises
of unusual excellence will be held at the
Athenseum. E. ;F. Woodward has been
selected as the"president of the day, and
the oration will be delivered by the Hon.
H. C. Dibble of San Francisco. " After the
exercises the procession will form and
march to the cemetery, where many of the
old veterans sleep. A pleasing feature of
the day procession : will be the "Living
American Flag" by 160 schoolgirls.
m
POTTER SOW RESTS EASY.
Judge BucVa Order Dismissing the
Petition for His Removal.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 27.— The
great contest for the removal of Jesse
Sheldon Potter as executor of the will of
Charles Lux, deceased, which occupied
the time of the Superior Court of San
Mateo County is now a thing of the past.
After a hearing which lasted many weeks,
without waiting for a final decision, the
attorneys concluded to stipulate for a dis
missal of the petition. The following
order was signed by Judge Buck and filed
with the County Clerk this morning.
Potter wiJl now rest easy :
In the Superior Court of the County of San
Mateo, State of California. In the matter of
the estate of Charles Lux, deceased.
The application of certain heirs and legatees
of Charles Lux, deceased, for the removal cf
Jesse Sheldon Potter as executor of the last
will and testament of Charles Lux, deceased,
having been withdrawn and dismissed by
stipulation of the parties.
Now therefore, in accordance with said stipu
lation and by consent of the attorneys for said
petitioners, it is ordered that said application
for the removal of the said Jesse Sheldon Pot
ter and all proceedings thereon are hereby dis
missed, and the order heretofore made sus
pendine the paid Jesse Sheldon Potter as such
executor is hereby vacated and set aside, and
the said Jessie Sheldon Potter is hereby rein
stated as executor of said will; and the letiere
of special administration granted to James
Crowe are hereby vacated and set aside, and
the said special administrator is directed to
render and file in this court his account.
(Jeorgk H. Buck, Judge.
Dated May 28, 1896.
I hereby consent to the above order.
J. H. Campbell, attorney for petitioners.
SEEN ON WYLACKIE RIDGE
The Alleged Lynchers of "Jack"
Littlefield Passed Before
Sundown.
Witness O'Neil Refutes the Claim
That a Mob Attacked Under
Cover of Darkness.
WEAVERVILLE. Cal., May 28.—Wil
liam Shore, who testified Tuesday at the
preliminary examination of the alleged
Littlefield lynching, was subjected to a
long cross-examination yesterday, under
which he could not remember the exact
words that Vinton, his brother-in-law, had
used in speaking with him at Haydon's
house, and that probably he might have
said that "there might be trouble when
Littlefield was arrested," instead of "there
might be mischief before tne men got
back." He also testified that Haydon got
home about sundown and that Mrs. Hay
don had prepared an early supper for
them.
This is considered by the defense as very
good testimony in favor of one of the de
fendants, Thomas Haydon, as the lynch
ing of Littlefield is supposed to have oc
curred at or near sundown, under the
prosecution's theory, at a distance several
miles from the Haydon house. The re
direct and recross examination failed to
change Shore's testimony materially.
I'eter O'Neil, an attache of the insane
asylum at Talmadge, testified that he left
Covelo on the morning of September 26,
1895, with defendants Gregory and Rad
cliffe on a hunting trip to Long Ridge. He
reached Vinton's camp, about two miles
distant from Haydon s house, that even
ing and spent the night there. The next
morning Buck Lacock came to the place
and told Gregory that Vinton had been
shot and wanted to see him. Gregory,
Radcliffe and Lacock then went to the
Haydon house, Gregory and Lacock carry
ing rifles and Radcliffe beinsr unarmed.
He said that he would go with them if he
had anything to ride, but they told him
that there were no horses there fit to be
ridden.
He next saw Gregory and Radcliffe on
the evening of the 27th. about 8 o'clock, at
the Vinton cabin. They returned after
dark and he and the party with him had
supper. A light was burning in the cabin.
Radcliffe had a rifle with him, which he
said Vinton had sent over to Mrs. Rad
cliffe for hunting purposes.
O'Neil said that he saw Constables Van
Horn and Crow with "Jack" Littlefield in
charge crossing Eel River on the after
noon of September 27, and later when they
were about a mile and a half up the Wv
lackie Ridge. The sun was still shining.
Stenographer Ed St. Maurice of Colusa,
who reported the trial of The People vs.
Van Horn and Crow, was asked to read
from his notes the testimony of John M.
Vinton given at that trial. This was ob
jected to by the defense on the ground
that any statement made by Vinton at
that trial could be evidence only against
himself and not against the other defend
ants. This position was sustained and
the testimony was put in evidence only
against Vinton. Following Vinton's tes
timony the reporter read that of Thomas
Haydon under the same ruling of the
court.
A. FOLSOM SENSATION.
JBer. Mr. Meekt la Soundly Ttir ashed by
an Irate Buaband.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 28.— The old
historical mining town of Folsom has
never been particularly renowned for the
piety of its inhabitants. On the contrary,
religion has always had a constant strug
gle to obtain even a foothold and has
seemingly been continually overshadowed
by the shades of profanity and revelry of
the early argonaut. During the glad
Christmas time a Methodist divine named
Meeks made his advent in tue little burg
and for a time labored hard to fan into a
flame the few divine sparks that smol
dered amongst the descendants of the
miner, and for a time met with moderate
success.
Last week, however, trouble arose, and
it is claimed the divine indulged in ardent
spirits. Atall events he had a serious fall
ins; out with the few members of his church,
which culmiuated in the divine emptying
tbe vials of his wrath on the head of one
of the most exemplary Christian ladies of
the community, who. it is claimed, he
termed a painted woman. She returned
home and informed her husband, Mr.
Hinckee, who is superintendent of a large
irrigation ditch system, and the preacher,
as soon as his wrath cooled, evidently con
cluded that discretion was the better part
of valor and left the town, taking refuge
on a ranch several miles distant.
The following day the enraged husband,
accompanied by a friend, traced the minis
ter to his hiding place, and after request
ing his presence in the barn for a friendly
chat, demanded the preacher's reason for
the attack on his wife. He was informed
that if he felt aggrieved he could get satis
faction through tue law. Then the en
raged husband fell upon the preacher and
thrashed him soundly. During the melee
the constable made his appearance and
demanded a cessation of hostilities; but
when he found out the cause, he folded
his arms and told the husband to proceed
and lie did so. The matter was then
brought to the notice of the presiding
elder, who instituted an inquiry and re
moved the minister from his charge. In
the meantime there are others who are
anxious to ascertain the whereabouts of
the Rev. Mr. Meeks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
WORKING AND
SOME PLAYING,
How the College Y. M. C. A.
Are Putting in Time
at Cazadero.
GO HUNTING THE SNIPE.
The Day Enlivened by a Game
of Baseball With a Stan
ford Team.
ADDRESS BT SHERWOOD EDDY.
Students Were Deeply Impressed by
His Ideas on the "Victorious
Life."
CAZADERO, Cal., May 28.— The love of
fun which exists in every healthy, right
minded boy breaks out up here during the
intermissions. Mr. Day of Occidental
was taken on a ampe hunt last evening.
For the benefit of those who don't belong
to the R. 0. S. H. we might explain that
the victim is left out in the woods with a
bag in one hand and a candle in the other
waiting for the snipes to be chased into
the bag.
In the afternoon the challenge which
Stanford issued to any team to a game of
baseball was taken up by a picked nine,
the faculty being barred to the outfield.
The picked nine comprised the following:
Michener, first base; Eddy, right field;
Hahn, captain and catcher; Rowton, cen
ter field; C. H. Bott, left field; Cox,
pitcher; Seamens, third base; Price, short
stop; Atwood, second base. The Stanford
men are as follows:
Smith, center field; Giff P. V. Gifford,
catcher; Clark, second base; Dole, uhort
stop; Adams, third base; W. P. Gifford,
first base; Strong, left field; Arnold,
pitcher.
The game was enlivened by the actions
of the Stanford mascot, an 'animal be
longing to that species which ia character
ized by obstinacy.
The Stanford nine "were frequently called
from the game by the braying of their
donkey, who objected most strenuously to
having tin cans annexed to his tail, and
who also kicked at being denuded of the
Stanford crimson.
The game was finally won by Stanford.
Score 21 to 5. During the game C. C.
Michener, who was playing on first, re
ceived a severe rap over the ri^ht eye,
caused by getting in the way of the ball.
The morning session began by Sher
wood Eddy Instructing the delegates as to
missionary meetings. Their purpose
should be to deepen the spiritual life. For
their success prayer should be made defi
nitely. Plan for the meeting and begin
early.
Mr. Beaver's class then took up the per
sonal case considered, being that of a
young man who did not care to give up
certain plans he had formed as to his life
work. The Bible lesson was on the quali
fications for personal work.
An extra presidents' conference was held
at 10 a. M., in which meeting Mr. Michener
continued the plan which he had partly
given the day before. He laid especial
stres- upon getting the committees to do
their ;ork as it ought to be done, and ad
visedv that the presidents should insist
upon.having written reports from all com
mittt&s.
Thfrn followed the platform address by
SherWood Eddy. Yale '91, on the "Victo
rioug^Life." He likened the three condi
tions, of a man to the Israelites, his
slavery to satan as the bondage of Egypt,
his conversion to the crossing of the
Red Sea, his entrance into tbe larger
life of a Christian as the entrance into
Caanan. What are the conditions
necessary to this victorious life? Faith,
Hudson Taylor says, faith is reclining on
the faithfulness of God. What are the
conditions of abiding in this life? Faith,
obedience, study of the word of God and
prayer. The speaker concluded by sayine:
"Do you want this victorious life? We
are standing to-day at the portal. Do we
want to enter? The promises are sure,
shall we go and possess the land?"
At tne life work meeting under the oak
tree, Mr. Eddy introduced G. M. Fisher
Berkeley. '96, and E. O. Campbell, Cooper
Medical Institute, '96, who gave very
interesting speeches. These remarks we^e
suplemented by Mr. Eddy, who gave an
account of the lives of Alexander Mackay
and A. Judson.
He recounted the lives of these men
with sucii feeling that his hearers forgot
that the sun had gone down over the
mountain, and many afterward crowded
around him desiring to talk with him con
cerning the work.
As the conference progresses the inten
sity and fevor of the meetings increase.
The speakers who come from San Francis
co and Oakland do not speak to very large
audiences up here, but as one of the
speakers said: "I realize that I am not
speaking to a few, but to the biggest audi
ence I have ever spoken to; I am speaking
to many thousands. 1 '
Dr. Coyle gave the principal address to
day, his theme being "The Growth of the
Soul Life." The following is a summary
of it: "Among the New Testament writers
none have so much to say about strength
as Paul. His illusions to atheletics are
many and he above all others realized that
the Christian's fundamental need is
strength. Put on the whole armor of God
is what he expects us to do. On the grave
of a soldier is the following inscription:
Here lies a soldier whom all should applaud
He fought many battles at home and abroad
Bui the greatest of battles without and within
Was the couqest of self and tbe battle of siu.
"This is the kind of fight which is to tax
us to our utmost capacity. We are all
much indebted to external conditions for
our own conditions. It is not the strength
of the prop, but the strength of the sap
which we need. The s erious and never
ceasing aim of our lives should be the ac
quisition of soul. What God gives us we
must develop and work out. He gave the
laud to the Israelites long before they
crossed the boundaries, but they had to
take Jericho and to light tbe Ana'kins be
fore the land was really theirs. When
anything of great importance is given to
us we must acquire it. God has given to u»
souls, but they are not by any means
ready-made products; they must be de
veloped; we must indeed cultivate them.
"What procramme shall we follow out
in order to feed the soul as it grows?
Many have grown coarse and carnal
through improper thinking. Nor can we
grow by choking down our be&t impulses.
A man s first impulse, if he be a man is
usually a good one; the second impulses
are those which do tbe most harm. How
is tbe acquisition to be made? By giving
the heart to Go«i. Then let us live with all
the soul we have. There are people in the
church to-day who Lave no more soul to
day than they had when they entered the
church years ago. The cradle that rocked
them in the babyhood of their spiritual
lives is big enough to rock them to-day. We
can acquire a soul by the cultivation of
generosity. Nothing will so uplift a man
as this will do. The soul grows by what it
feeds upon.
"A poor old negro stepped up to Sher
man just before his march to the sea, and
clapping him on the back said, 'Aha
Massa Sherman, I'se swine whar you go.
Now, if the personality of Sherman could
have such an effect upon a poor old negro,
what must be the effect upon us if we asso
ciate with the Son of God?"
The Bible class to-day was on the "Hin
drances to Personal Work," and each dele
gation was asKed to give that which they
thought hindered them the most. The
thought for to-morrow will be on how to
follow up a successful case of personal
work. Mr. Say ford also spoke on" this
line and gave the following qualifications
as necessary to this work: I—An1 — An emphatic
belief in God as Father and in God's word,
and in Christ as God's son. 2— Purity of
life, that the workers may have fellowship
with God. 3— To believe that men are lost
now and that Christ carve to save them.
4— Knowledge of the Scriptures to declare
the word. s— tfaith in the faithfulness of
God to save men.
Dole and Leavitt of Stanford caused
some excitement this afternoon by climb
ing to the top of one of the tallest red*
woods in the glen, a tree about 200 feet
high, and nailing tbe Stanford colors on
the highest limb. Some of the difficulty
attendant upon this feat can be under
stood when we know that it took two
hours to leach the top.
Pomona won the championship in quoits
this afternoon.
At the finish of the ball game this after
noon, Stanford vs. the World, the game
was called off in the second inning with
the World ahead.
Rev. dimming Smith presented tbe
claims of the ministry to-night, showing
its advantages. Dr. Coyle followed with a
few more remarks on the same line, and
the meeting closed for the night.
Mr. McCoy of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association, secretary for San Fran
cisco, will present the claims of the secre
tary to-morrow.
A MINSTREL IS TROUBLE,
Ge+rge B. Primrose Sued in Portland
for $20,000 Damages.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 28.— G. H. Prim
rose of Primrose & West's minstrels, now
here, has a $20, u00 damage suit on his hands
in this city. The complainant in the suit
is Isaac W. Baird, a real-estate dealer of
this city, who was formerly on the road as
a snowman. Baird and Primrose are old
friends. When Primrose was in Portland
a few years ago Baird, who was selling
real estate at the time, induced Primrose
to invest his money in forty acres of land,
which he thought was a good thing to
hnve. Primrose and wife bought the land
and then hired Uaird to clear, cultivate
and crop the land. He did this for two
seasons. The third season a misunder
standing arose between Baird and Prim
rose. The latter ordered the tenant off the
farm and, as the plaintiff says, refused to
settle with him for his year's work in cul
tivating the place. As customary, Baird
began harvesting the crops which were on
the farm. While he was dome this Prim
rose's attorney had Baird arrested for
maliciously tresspassing on the proDerty.
Baird was acquitted and discharged in a
justice's court. Baird calls it ''malicious
and willful injury," with "intent to ma
lign" him in this community.
ASTORIAIN NEW RAILROAD.
Trains Will Be Running to Heaaide in a
Few liny a.
ASTORIA, Or., May 28.— Workmen have
begun tearing dowu the buildings along
the water front in this city preparatory to
driving the piling for the trestle-work of
the railroad. A few piles have been driven
at intervals for the purpose of determining
the distance to solid earth, and in every
case w ith satisfactory results. It is ex
pected that the Young's Bay bridge will
be compl. ted in about a week and that in
three days trains will be running from
this city to Seaside. O. D. Wolfe, to whom
was awarded the contract for the construc
tion of that portion of the road from
Tongue Point to Goble, a distance of forty
seven miles, has not yet secured bonds
men, and it is expscted that the contract
will be awarded to the next lowest bidder
in the course of a few days.
Chinese Importation nt Astoria,
ABTORIA, Or.. May 28.— Chinese In
spector Chappelle and Interpreter Lappeus
are still in this city investigating data in
connection with the Chinese importation
business, and it is expected that interest
ing developments will be the result.
THE WOMEN OF SOLANO
Meet at Suisun and Hold Their
First Suffrage Con
vention.
Interesting Papers Read— Eloquent
Addresses— The Friendship of
"The Call" Appreciated.
6UIBUN, Cal., May 28. — The first
Woman Suffrage Convention held in Bo
lano Connty met in the N. S. G. W. Hall,
Suisun, this afternoon. Representatives
from different parts of the county were
present and the proceedings were enthusi
astic. Mrs. J. R. Panielson, president of
the Suisun Club, presided. After the ren
tering of a campaign song prayer was
offered by the Rev. F. Dent Naylor. An
address of welcome was delivered by At
torney O. R. Coughlan, which was fol
lowed by an able speech by Miss Mary
Garretl Hay. A number of papers were
read, as follows: "Does the Stale Need
' Women's Ballots?" C. B. Webster;
] "Does the Business Woman Need the Bal
j lot?" by Attorney Ada Billings of Benicia,
and "Does the Professional Woman Need
the Ballot?" by Attorney B. F. Woolner
of Oakland.
The evening meeting was largely at
tended. Alden Anderson presided. An
eloquent address was delivered by Miss
Elizabeth Upham Yatep, who made a
strong plea for woman suffrage and con
i tended that the cause would triumph at
the next election.
On Friday the Rev. Anna Shaw will at
tend the convention.
Some speakers referred during the meet
ings to the stand taken by The Call in the
movement. Miss Hay stated that when the
name of The Call was mentioned every
true woman should cheer. A compliment
was paid to the press in general for the
valuable assistance it had rendered to
the woman suffrag'- movement.
SUFFRAGISTS AT NAP A.
Large and Enthuaiaatic Attendance at
the Women* Convention.
NAPA, Cal., May 28.— T0-day's sessions
of the Woman's Suffrage Convention have
been largely attended and seemingly,
much enjoyed by the people here, This
afternoon a paper was read by Mrs. S. C.
Elliott of Napa, followed by a canvass for
funds and membership for the local or
ganization by Miss Harriet M. Mills. A
large number joined the Equal Suffrage
Club and quite a sum of money was
secured for the work. John R. Coe made
a brief address, indorsing the work of the
convention and favoring woman suffrage.
Rev. Anna H. Shaw opened the question
drawer and made answer to the many
queries there found. Her statements were
clear, strong and convincing, and with her
arguments came enough wit to keen every
body in good humor. The convention
closed to-night with an address by Miss
Sbaw before a very large audience.
t.qual Suffrage Club Activity.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 28.—
The Equal Suffrage Club held a meeting
yesterday afternoon in the parlors of the
Unitarian church. About thirty members
wore present. Rev. Mr. Dinsmore, who
presided, made quite a lengthy speech,
touching upon topics of importance to the
club. Neighborhood parlor meetings will
be made a feature of the club. Every
member of tbe organization is doing active
work.
SANTA CRUZ WILL
TRY TO SURPASS.
Some of the Brilliant Fea
tures of the Water
Carnival.
THE QUEEN AND MAIDS.
A Gorgeous Palace in Course of
Erection on the Island of
Loma Prieta.
COUNTLESS ILLUMINATIONS.
A Mimic Battle of Bunker Hill Will
Be Fought on the San
Lorenzo River.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., May 28.— Santa
Cruz will undertake to surpass all the car
nivals that have this season been held in
the State. This city does not claim supe
riority over San Jose or Santa Barbara or
Los Angeles or any other carnival town in
their special style of carnivils, but for
natural and even artificial advantages in
the production of a water tat nival this
city does claim to be the raosi. happily sit
uated. Beautiful Belvedere might even
be surpassed in that respect, for in the
turning of the shallow waters of the San
Lorenzo River back from escape into the
ocean by an artificial dam there has been
produced a fine lake of water with a nat
ural island, the position of which is such
as to be seen from the amphitheater on
the mainland. Beyond to the right is the
open bay, to the left a portion of the city,
while in the perspective and far beyond
rises the beautiful mountain with its
pretty name — Loma Prieta — and the con
necting hills that form the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
On this island will stand the palace to
be occupied by the Queen of the Venetian
water carnival and her maids of honor.
This structure will have an imposing
frontage of 80 feet and rise to a height of
54 feet. An American eagle will perch
upon the topmost point, and beneath his
spread wings and on either side, within
and without the palace, the brilliancy of
300 incandescent electric lamps will shine
in van-colors, enabling the audience to
discern the fullness of the grandeur that
shall be presented. The finishing of the
building will be done in blue and cream
and pold, while the Queen's throne will be
equally attractive in construction and
finish. On the up-river side of the palace
will stand three large vases containing
tropical plants, alternated with electrical
fountains, whose colorings will lend an
effective contrast to the general view of
the palace. On the down-river side there
will stand a facsimile in illustrative lights
and colors of Roncovieri's "Carnival
March," to be played by that leaner and
his 100 musicians.
The Queen's barge is to be » piece of
art indeed. William Lemos, the de
signer of all these interesting and beauti
ful structures, has surpassed his own an
ticipations in this attempt to do an
artistic thing. The pink and white culor
inps of the vessel are enhanced in their
splendid effects by trimmings of gold and
silver. The illumination from the thou
sands of electric lights along the river
and surrounding the palace will produce a
wonderful *>ff ct as the Queen shall be
carried along the smooth waters to and
from her palace by the galley slaves, who
shall sit at their oars belnw deck.
The battle of Bunker Hill will be the
introductory feature of the grand events
of the carnival, as the season opens on the
day of the anniversary of that bit of Revo
lutionary history that recalls the great
struggle of the first fathers of the Union.
Tbe mimic battle that is to be presented on
the San Lorenzo River on the night of
June 17 will bo a very realistic reproduc
tion of the event, for the Continentals and
the Britishers will be represented by men
used to arms. The Grand Army of the
Republic will impersonate the land fight
ers, who will stand by their fortifications
bravely enough, but in vain. The British
ers, a portion of whom will skirmish in
the neighborhood of the American strong
hold, and the main body of the navy that
awaits at a point \ip the river a favorable
opportunity of attack, will be imperson
ated by the fourth gun division, Naval
Battalion, N. G. C, of this city. There
will be no red lights and skyrockets in
this battle. It will be a real gun-and
powder fight by men well drilled and
armed.
This is only the beginning of the grand
Venetian Water Carnival. The succeed
ing events and the features of them will
be as attractive and interesting as the first..
EDITORS STILL FIGHTING.
Phil Franci* Catlfol Ed Brnun'a Arrest
for Criminal Libel.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 28.— Ed Braun,
editor of the Record, was to-day arrested
on a charge of criminal libel preferred by
Phil Francis, editor of the Perm y Press.
On last Sanday Francis printed an edi
torial, in which he presented an interview
with C. W. Waldron, business raansger of
the Sentinel, in which Francis claimed
that Waldron had exposed to him the
scheme by which tbe county was charged
an exorbitant, price for printing by a com
bination of the Sentinel, Surf and Record,
and offered to take Francis into the ring.
In Monday afternoon's Record Braun
charged Francis with being a thief, and by
the malicious billingsgate of his writing
caused public sentiment to turn more
strongly against him. The result is to
day's suit for libel. Braun is under $1000
bonds to appear before Justice Gardner for
preliminary examination.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Decision in the Case of Santa Crum's City
Clerk.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal.. May 28.— 1n the
contested election case of J. L. Wright,
City Clerk, Jud^e Logan of the Superior
Court to-day held that O. J. Lincoln,
whose claim to re-election was contested
by W. H. Miller, was not properly a candi
date under the law, as his nomination had
not been properly certified and he had not
appointed the requisite five persons "to
secure and expend the moneys for his elec
tion. But the matter of recounting the
ballots the court took under advisement,
holding, h on ever, that If it should be
necessary to recount and Wright were
shown to have the minority of votes thero
would have been no election, and another
would have <i> be hpld.
B»il for Tacotna'a JSx. Treasurer.
TACOMA, Wash., May 28.— T0-morrow
George W. Boggs, ex- treasurer, who has
been laying in jail for the last seven
months, and who was sentenced to a term
of five years at Walla Walla, will regain
his freedom for a time, bail being fur
nished by a number of his friends to-day
who have heretofore kept in the back
ground. Boggs was arrested for embez
zlement and falsifying city warrants and
making a profit to himself. Developments
opened up in his trial showed a remarka
ble nest of rottenness in connection with
city affairs, which were shown up iv Th*
Call last fall.
WOODLAND CONFERENCE.
Second Annual Meeting of the German
Eranaelical Synod.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 28.— The sec
ond annual conference of the Pacific dis
trict of the German Evangelical Synod
convened in the German Lutheran church
at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The meeting
was presided over by Rev. C F. Schotz of
Los Angeles, president of the synod, and
Rev. P. Branke of San Francisco acted as
secretary, the regular secretary being ab
sent.
At the rollcall the following ministers !
were noted present: Rev. C. F. Schotz
and J. Schinler, Los Angeles; Rev. P. ;
Branke, J. Moor and F. Ketzman, San '
Francisco; Rev. M. Yanke and S. Boysun, :
Petaluma; Rev. I. E. Ho? to, Shasta; Rev.
J. Endter and P. Hellwig. Mount Eden,
Alameda County; Rev. W. Bauer, Pomo
na; Claus Jansen, Dixon- Charles Stoll,
Hungry Hollow; George Rath (J. Altpe
ter, substitute), Woodland.
The address of welcome was delivered by
Rev. J. A. Schilling of the local church,
and was responded to by Rev. C. F. Schotz.
The annual report and address was read
by the presidine officer, after which the j
usual committees were appointed.
At the evening session the public were i
invited, and the cburch was well filled to i
hear the addresses and the special music
prepared for the occasion. The conference
will not clo^e until Monday, and a large
number of delegates will arrive this even
;ag and to-morrow.
CORBETT AT SALT LAKE,
The Ex-Champion Is Not Certain
That He Will Visit San
Francisco.
On His Way to Portland and Will
Eventually Follow Fitzsimmons
to Europe.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. May 28.-
Jam s J. Corbett has been in the city for a
day and the male portion of the town
made him the lion of the hour. Corbett
is looking first rate and Is apparently
in fine condition, though not quite so
heavy as heretofore. His shoulders are
just as broad, however, and be has the
same genial manner as when he used to do
California street as a bank clerk in the old
days. The Call correspondent was one
of the first people to meet the "big fellow"
and a pleasant interview of an hour or so
was enjoyed. He was asked particularly
if he would be willing to box a twenty
round contest with Joe Choynski at the
Olympic Club in San Francisco, but he
laughingly replied:
"I don't know about that; maybe I
won't go to San Francisco at all, but may
return from Portland, my movements' are
so uncertain. Still I am trying to get
home. A fellow wants to see his folks
once in a while, and you know San Fran
cisco is my home and I like the place as
much as ever, and that's a good deal.
"Oh, yes, if the Olympic Club boys
should have a single friendly bout I might
not be averse to joining in the event, out
it is impossible to say at this time."
Cor bett says he is going to follow Fitz
siiumons to Europe. Brady is there now,
he says, and will try to arrange a match.
He is accompanied by his wife and Miss
Esther Corbett and leaves to-night for the
West by way of Portland.
SANTA BARB ARA'S SCHOOLS.
The County Superintendent's Report
Show* Healthy Conditions.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.* May 28.—
According to the School Superintendent's
reports of the school census for Santa Bar
bara County ending June 30, being the end
of the school year, the total number of
children between 5 and 17 years of ace is
.4927 and the total number under 5 years
j 2163. Of this number 3751 attended the
public schools, 314 private schools and 861
j did not attend any . school during the last
j year. There are but four negro children
; and three Indian children, the latter not
j under the Government and whose parents
j pay taxes. Of the total number of chil
dren of school age 2927 are boys and 2652
girls. There is an increase for the past
year of 198. ; : .
♦
Christian Alliance Incorporation.
BANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 28.—
The Southern California branch of the
Christian Alliance has filed certified cop
ies of the articles of incorporation with the
County Clerk. The alliance has for its ob
ject the diffusion of the fourfold gospel
and to promote the work of evaneelization,
among the neglected class especially. The
original incorporation was in Los Angeles
Connty.
VER and over peo-
ple hnve tried a sarsaparilla containing
iodide of potassium and always the same
result — bad boils, pimples and facial
blemishes. When you tate Joy's Vege-
table Sarsapariila you are sure to have a
clean stomach, bowel and a good liver.
Try
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edw. W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men : I have ■ suffered from a nervous
prostration from financial losses. Can say
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla has cured me.
My liver, stomach and bowels have been
very inactive, but since taking your
remedy lam entirely well. All business
men and women should use it. Please
publish.
Signed MR. WM. HENRY JONES,
Butte, Mont.
U l lO U 9 uit your com "
Dull P lainin « s ; cease
your gloomy fore«
111 I All bodings. Remem-
Hjj\ Si ber there is a power
***'"■ to solace you in youi
1 1 1 1 0 1 1 distresses and te-
ll IIS II make a good bit of a
■■""■■ man out of your now
fill II weak, immature
HII V body. Who can tell,
IIUUII perhaps the little
spark of life now left
|J I |O II in your poor shat-
II U0 II tered ' nervous frame
can be beaten and
11 11 All made to glow and
nil nil return > our true
T** manly vigorousness.
UNO U You must remember
nil V H that the one grant?
1 1 U V l l remedio - treatment
HUSH "'""""
hush Hudyan.
UIIOU
HUO 81 This newly discovered
specific stops premature-
11l I II ness of the discharge in
M1 1 ViJ twenty days. Cures Lost
nil 1% li " Manhood, Varicocel\ Hy-
■ ■WWII drocele, Inflammations,
Pimples, Drains, Xeuras-
11 11 Oil thenia and diseases
Hl l \ H brought on by abuse. You
II II 11 1 1 should make an effort to
' be cured. If you wish to
■a - ■ 0%. ■ _ learn more about the
|J| If> IJ Hudyan cures call or
nU 5 n write for
• HUDYAN PROOFS. :
• •
• •••••••••••••••••••••• •
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and £Ui« Sti.
BLOOD TAISTS SHOW
Pimples. .—
— — Copper-colored spots. —-..;'
- Sore month. ■ - — —
Sore throat. — j —
Falling hair. . — —
— — Enlarged lumps. — —
— — Glandular lumps. •— —
Skin eruptions. . . .— . ;
— — Partial loss of eyebrow. — —
- Sore eyes. "-IL-
When in this condition don't go to hot
springs to the old doctors of Hudson.
You can sometimes arrest the poison in
thirty days.
• blood •
: CURES :
FREB. :
CALL OR WRITE
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford ■:- " Unsurpassed,"
$40, $50, $60, $75.
PlHßnix" Stands the Racket'
SIOO.
The guarantee of the Crawford same aa that
given with $100 wheels. !§£*§i
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent,
. 1510 Market St., San Francisco. CaL
STATEMENT
' or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS '
OF th
FIDELITY m CASUALTY
C3O3Ml>ja.]Xr"sr
OP NEW YOKK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the Slat day of December, A. D. 1895,
and for the year ending on that day, as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of . Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as pec
blank furnished by the. Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up
in cash 280,000 00
.ASSETS. - ;.: . ; : ■ , r
Real estate owned by the company.. $679,460 49
Cash market value of all stocks and ■ . •-<
bonds owned by company.* 1,3H4,870 00
Cash in company's 0ffice............. 28,312 65
Cashin banks ...: 41,780 51
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and 10an5...'......:'....".. . ■ ■- 2,655 16
Premiums in due course of collection 296,198 50
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash
■ - in company's possession) 7,808 41
Total a55et5........'. „ .$2,341,085 72
- . -LIABILITIES:..::
Lowes in process of adjustment or)
in 5u5pen5e.......... >- $409,547 56
Losses resisted including expenses)
Total unearned premiums 1,342,629 0?
Due to other companies for reinsur- ■
ance...... :.....:..... 5,742 10
All other demands against the c0m-
pany ........... 14,17173
Total liabilities.. .$1.772.090 46
INCOME. -
Net cash actually received for
premiums $2,500,958 35
Received for interest and dividends -. -
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
- all other sources .*..... 102,310 31
Received for . profit on securities ■
sold 410 21
Total income...... ..,.......' .$2,603,678 87
EXPENDITimESTT . j . "
Net amount paid for 1055e5.........:. $910,653 10
Dividends to stockholders.... .......'. 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or .
br0kerage........... .:....... 665,249 55
Paid for salaries, fees and other - ..■ ■
charges for officers, e'erks, etc. . . 5534,007 44
Paid for. State, National and local ...
taxes. 45,620 94
All other payments and expendi- ■ <
lures : . 619,78400
Total expenditures.. ;...... $2,416,316 03
GEORGE F. SEWARD, President.
ROBERT J. HILLA», Secretary. ';•
. : Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day
of January, 1896. ....
E. A. RABENER, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
iC. PARDEE, Resident Manager,
•: ; 7:'^; Mutual Life Building,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
'ffmay*
§& f§ V PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
gPECI*.LTY-DISHASES OF MEN. INCLUD.
•-'lng all forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Di 8 .
private natnre. Over 2o years' experience
Book gent free. • Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30
evenings." Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BOBCOB US. St.,
86& Kearnj Street. Sao Francisco,' Cal,
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, bycarrier.. so.l3
Daily and Sunday Cali., one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Caix, six months, by malL. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cat.;« three months by mail 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. •_. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mai1....... 1-60 ;
Weekly Call, one year, by mall. •• 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation If
to. it Is uo trouble for us to forward THE CALL, to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
— — —
BUSINESS OFFICE :
7 10 Market .Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Main—
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
BIT Clay Street.
Telephone .Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES: '.
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
S3B Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 I-arkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. ,
-2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
113 Klnth street; open until 9 o'clock. /- ;; •.; ■:
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVIC M. I'OLTZ, Special Agent-
FRIDAY.. MAY S9, 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The whole world seems to be a death
center.
So long as justice is mocked at there will
be crime.
The roarine cyclone is a calamity howler
of the worst kind.
Murder is becoming a little too common
even for sensational purposes.
The disasters of the season are appall
ing, but the crimes are more terrible.
With all our public teaching w« should
teach the criminal to respect the majesty
of law.
Crimes, cyclones and disasters are mak
ing mystery stories seem very tame
reading.
It may be true we are approaching the
millennium, but we seem to be goin^ the
other, way.
We are sorry for the people of the windy
States, but all the same they ought to
come 'West.
A climate that breeds a cyclone every
week would seem to be a very good climate
to get away from.
St. Louis boasted that everything is
coming her way this year, but she did not
count on the cyclones.
After the news of the last three days
«?ven a Cleveland message would be a relief
is a change of subject.
"Why call it the "carnival" of the Golden
Gate when festival is just as fine a word
and fits the occasion better?
It is about time to revive the expression
"carmagnole of crime" and relieve the
strain on the over-used carnival.
It is about time to remember that courts
were established for the protection of the
innocent and not the acquittal of the
guilty.
The next time Chicago brags of her big
fire St. Louis wili tell her of a wina that
could have blown it out like a tallow
candle.
There will be no need of a schoolteacher
after this to teach Victoria there is such a
thing as too much economy in bridge
building.
Between the administration and the
people there is great difference of opinion
as to what is meant by "offensive parti
sanship."
No enterprising journalist ever thinks it
worth while to ask a Democratic Presi
dential candidate what his position Is on
any subject.
It is hard to believe just at this season
that this is the best of all possible worlds,
but all the same no one now living has
ever seen a better one.
It goes without saying if the stricken
districts need help to care for their suffer
ing people, San Francisco can be counted
on to respond promptly.
Half the Democratic organs which are
making so much clamor over McKinley's
views on the financial question could not
explain their own if they tried.
Democratic sentiment at Washington is
said to favor Russell of Massachusetts,
and it may be inferred from this that the
administration hoodoo is about to fall on
him.
The East can never check the disasters
of windstorms, but onr recent calamities
have been murders, and there ought to be
a way of getting a string on the cause of
them that would shut it off.
There is nothing of Democracy visible
in this City just now but tbe Federal bri
gade and the Buckley gang, and if there
is anything of it invisible it must be up
the sleeve of one side or the ether.
Maryland Democrats have about aban
doned all thought of defeating the Repub
licans of the State in this campaign, but
the more independent among them have
great hopes of being able to turn Gorman
down again.
The best way to assure party harmony
during tbe campaign is to organize at once.
When men are working together for a
common purpose they soon learn to agree
upon a plan to carry it out, but when they
are not working they are very apt to de
velop differences of opinion and begin dis
puting.
Senator Brice is quoted as sayirjg that
while there may be a majority of silver
men in the Chicago convention there will
be no silver plank in the platform. The
Senator evidently believes that in the
haid of the statesman who is truly great
the gold dollar is mightier than the dele
gate.
Having put all his henchmen into office
and being now about to go out of oiiice
himself, Cleveland's recent civil service
order was about the biggest bunko game
ever played upen the American people.
The issue of such an order was in fact
"offensive partisanship" of the worst kind.
It was an effort to thwart the popular de
mand "turn the fools out."
SOCIETY AND CRIME.
A study of the criminal statistics of Eu
rope led Buckle to assert that the law of
crime was as regular in its operations as
any other in tLe domain of sociology. A
given environment produces in a given
race of people a number of crimes every
year that fluctuates hardly more than the
death rate. It seems evident from this
that crime is not the freak of irresponsible
individuals so much as the outcome of
social conditions. Where it occurs fre
quently there is something wrong in the
community as a whole as well as in the
criminal class.
It is time for the people of California to
give serious consideration to this philo
sophic view of crime. There has been
enough of horror of recent occurrence in
this State and particularly in this City to
force the subject upon the attention of
even the most indifferent. Murder after
murder has occurred with an appalling
frequency. It has fallen upon the inno
cent under the most diverse circumstances
and in the extremes of social conditions.
Oue day the victim is tbe degraded in
mate of a brothel and another day she is a
woman of gentle breeding and high char
acter. One day murder slinks through
the slums of the City and on another it
ragea through tbe orchards of smiling
valleys.
What is the cause of this fearful record
of frequent crime? Are we to attribute it
to the madness of men racing with a
homicidal mania— a thing that can be
checked only by the interposition of
heaven — or are we to regard it as the dire
outcome of certain defects in our social
organism which we can cure ourselves if
we are resolute to do it?
There can be no question in the minds
of serious men that much of the crime
that occurs in this State is the direct re
sult of evils which as a community we
deliberately tolerate. The processes of
our criminal law are slow, and are by no
means certain in their results. Juries
with us are too often swayed by sentiment
rather than by justice. A thousand tech
nicalities of precedent and practice check
the execution of law, and justice, with the
best intentions in the world to draw her
sword for the protection of the innocent,
finds her hands bound by such endless
bands of red tape that she is as powerless
as if under a hypnotic ppell.
With such calendars of crime as are now
before them the law officers of the State
should need no urging to enter upon the
work of vindicating justice with an ex
alted ardor. District Attorneys and
Judges should set aside civil business and
press criminal cases to an immediate hear
ing. The law must be swift if it would be
terrible. It should not be vindictive, but
it should be free from false sentiment. It
should "allow no guilty man to escape."
It should hold every murderer responsible
for his crime and summon him to imme
diate trial. There may be some insanity
in every wanton criminal, but tueVe is
more in a community that allows crime to
go unwhipt of justice.
OUR STORM-SWEPT NEIGHBORS.
This is no time to attempt to trace from
effect to cause in search of purpose nor to
speculate on sucn operation of natural law
as changes with blunt abruptness air cur
rents tnat bear to man peace and health
and joy into merciless life-destroying
agencies. It is enough to know that
storm-swept communities of onr kinsmen
in St. Louis and elsewhere in the East are
crying out in their distress for sympathy,
and in streams as broad and as deep us
human affection sympathy goes out to
them from the heart of every Californian —
to these victims of angry winds and waves
and flames.
May has been a month of dire disaster,
and many are the neighborhood!, urban
ana subnrban, that have been forced to
submit to the fury ot unbridled storm,
and death and wreck and ruin have
reigned supreme — not because a power
higher than they decreed that it so be, nor
that the vengeance of nature was invited.
The mysteries of nature are in the realm
of the unknown and no man by searching
shall find them ont. The purposes of the
Eternal Mind are all for good and what
ever is is.
The rushing of the mighty winds that
sweep away the handiwork of man and the
gentle atmosphere that fans the infant's
cheek are one, as the fury of the rushing
torrent and the mildness of the moss-en
circled spring are, and so also are the
breeze that bears away the sweet perfume
of the orange blossom and the mad-riding
tornado one. They are all manifestations
of one supreme force and they all work to
gether for good.
It has been said that but for those things
which crush and destroy and kill there
would be no human sympathy; that trib
ulation is the cord which binds man to
man in good will, and that a sense
of the need of th c help of our
fellows is the seed of the tree of
righteousness which in turn bears the
fruit that is called the Golden Rule. But
we do know that in the economy of na
ture's ultimate purpose our neighbors be
yond the mountains lie bound in the
gloom of bereavement. Let us without
the asking extend to them our deepest
sympathy and our best wishes— and our
strong arm, too, with ready help if they
need it.
SOME IMPORTANT FACTS.
Undoubtedly it is of great importance to
the Western wool-producing States that
silver be remonetized, but they should not
lose sight of the importance of restoring
their sheep industry to the position it oc
cupied prior to the substitution of the Wil
boii act for the tariff law of 1890. There
are so many large and commanding indus
tries in the United States that it is hard
for the public to keep sufficiently in touch
with them all to note the injuries that are
inflicted upon those that are removed be
yond the more prominent highways of ob
servation, so to speak ; but it is true, never
theless, that the havoc Cleveland's free
trade policy "has wrought among those
outlying sources of National wealth has
not only been great, but it has, silently it
may be, woven threads of inherent weak
ness all through the entire industrial fab
ric of the country.
When President Harrison vacated the
White House to make room for Grover
Cleveland, the sheep industry of Montana,
Idaho, Washington, Utah and Oregon was
valued at $13,000,<X>0, and before the ex
piration of the following twelve months it
had decreased to less than $7,000,000. To
this loss of nearly a half in sheep value
must be added $3,000,000 as represent
ing the depreciation in the value of
wool, making the grand total of the
losses forced upon the wool industry
of tbe five States mentioned mount
up to the enormous Bum of $10,000,000 in a
single year. It will be seen, hence, that
those five wool-producing States have
quite as much interest in the tariff ques
tion as they have in the question of the
remonetization of silver, and what is true
of them is equally true of the entire coun
try between the Mississippi River and the
Pacific Ocean. The sheep industry is nec
essarily an isolated one, but it is none the
less important, and every person who uses
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
woolen goods is at least indirectly inter
ested in it.
But if we turn to the statistics we shall
find that when Grover Cleveland was in
augurated, on March 4, 1893, there were
nearly 48,000,000 sheep scattered over the
United States, representing $126,000,000,
and that on December 31, 1895, there were
about 42,000,000, valued at only $66,000,000.
In two years, therefore, the sheep industry
waa compelled to sustain a loss of over
5,000,000 head of sheep and a loss in sheep
value of over ?G0,000,000, besides the losb
which the depreciation in wool value
cbliged. In this connection it is timely
to mention the surprising as weli as
alarming fact that the depreciation in
livestock value in the whole country in the
years 1893, 1394 and 1895 amounted to the
almost fabulous sum of $064,000,000. How
much other industries have lost since
March, 1893, no one can tell, but to say
that Cleveland has been and is still a most
destructive cyclone in the channels, high
ways and by-paths of the commerce and
industries of this country would not be
putting it a whit too strong.
CONTRASTED REPORTS.
The reports of the great disaster at St
Louis afforded another illustration of the
superiority of the United Press as a news
gatherer over the rival Associated Press.,
The dispatches of the United Press were
displayed on the bulletin boards of The
Call fully an hour earlier than our con
temporaries showed those of the Asso
ciated Press, and moreover those of The
Call were much more full and complete.
Promptness of service and fullness of
report were not, however, the only points
of superiority in the United Press service.
Its reports were accurate, while those of
the Associated Press were full of sensa
tional misstatements and errors of fact.
They announced among other fakes that
several towns had been wiped out of ex
istence, that the steamer Qreat Republic
with about 1000 passengers had been sunk
and that a cigarette factory had been
destroyed, overwhelming 200 girls in the
ruins. The damage done was bad
enough without all of these rumored
horrors piled on top of it, as waa seen in
accurate reports sent by the United Press
to The Call, and the incident is an evi
dence of the value to the community of
having at least one mornins paper whose
news can be relied on.
HYPOCRITICAL REFORM.
The full test of Cleveland's recent civil
service order shows it to be much stronger
and more sweeping than was supposed
from the digest sent by telegraph. It will
affect nearly the whole Federal brigade in
this City and go far to confirm in otiicethe
i whole horde of Democrats whom Cleve-
I land has been gathering into his camp
j during the past three years.
Never has a greater bunko game been
played under the garb of hypocrisy in the
whole course of politics than this. For
three years Cleveland has been President
of the United States, and he is now ap
j proaching the close of his term of office,
I with no chance of ever having another.
! lie made no move to extend the civil-serv
ice rules when such extension would have
put any restrictions on his use of patron
age to advance his interests or those of his
friends. On the contrary he used the in
fluence of patronage to an extent unheard
of before. It has been one of the great
scandals of his administration that he so
used it to carry through Congress the re
peal of the silver purchase act. This
patronage broker now becomes all at once
a civil service reformer. His henchmen
are safely in office, and witn a smirk of
hypocrisy he assume* now to play the
role of one who wishes to free our politics
of the "spoils" system.
Such an order coming at such a time
from such a man has of course moved the
people to derision and dingrn. There is
not an intelligent man in the country who
has been deceived by it. The motive of
Cleveland has, in fact, been too plain for
any one to make a mistake, lie has
turned the whole civil service of the coun
try into a bureau for the propagation
of Clevelandism ana the gold standard.
He has his bosses and his gangs
at this time trying to captnre the Demo
cratic State conventions for the gold ring,
and yet he has the impudence to pose as a
reformer. Such civil service regulation as
this proposes can hardly be esteemed any
thing else than "offensive partisanship"
itself, and should be treated as such. The
duty of the people is to turp the fools out.
CHANG AND CLEVELAND.
In one respect there is a great similarity
between Li Hung Chang and Grover Cleve
land. When en route to Moscow Chang
left his coffin in London. When Chang
goes off on a long journey he takes his
colHn with him, because, no doubt, it
would be "handy to have in the house," as
Mrs. Toodles would say. There is a good
deal of politics mixed up in Chang's jour
neyings, and political as physical death is
likely to occur at almost any time.
Cleveland's political coflin is under con
struction and will be escorted to Chicago by
Boies and Bland in July. Unlike Chang,
however, who has had no intimation that
he will need his coffin in the near future,
Cleveland Knows exactly the day on which
he will need his box.
But in any event Cleveland will have the
advantage of Chang. He will have the
satisfaction of seeirg his party similarly
cared for. He knows, too, that the estate
of the Democratic party will be divided
vp — the real valuable belongings going to
the Kepublican party and the pinchbeck
jewelry and Pittsburg diamonds going to
Boies and Bland, who will probably sell
them to the Populists.
How things do sometimes come out even
and balance themselves. This is the
Democratic party's centennial, and now
that human slavery in the United States
is "done gone," and the brains and the
brawn of the country are advocating pro
tection to onr industries, political coffins
should be in demand.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Bobby— Say, mamma, was the baby sent down
from heaven?
Mamma— Why, yes.
Bobby-Urn. They likes to have it quiet up
there, don't they?— Truth.
Miss Fright— Now, then, I want you to make
this picture of me juit as pretty and stylish as
you know bow.
Photographer (absent-mindedly)— Certainly,
madam. Did you bring a veil ?— Somerville
Journal.
When Jonab settled Id the whale,
The latter did berate
His taking in, because he found
He'd not assimilate;
And at he bolted for the shore,
Thus did his whaleship spout :
"Although he doesn't di-gest yet,
Td better lay him out."
— Vonkers Qaeette.
Boy— Ain't sister and you going for a ramble
this afternoon 1 /
Suitor — We are, sonny; but why do you ask?
Boy— Because sister's had the corn doctor
here all the morning.— The Wattrbury.
Cunliffe— Did Roarer ever realize any of his
political ambitions?
Bookey— No, poor fellow; he never got any
higher than the position of a favorite son.—
I'hiladelphia North American.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Among those who registered at the Grand
Hotel yesterday was ex-Supcrlor Judge R. J.
Hudson of Lakeport. Mr. Hudson was on the
Superior bench in Lake County for eleven
years. He is here on legal business.
When a Call representative saw him yester
day the ex-Judge was lyiug propped up in bad.
He had ridden all night over a wagon road, he
said, in order to catch tbe train and felt con
siderably shaken np on account of it.
He says tbe latest enterprise in that part of
the State and one which has In tbe last few
days aroused a great deal of interest is the or
ganization of a company on the basis of $1,
-000,000 to build a railroad from Napa via
Pope and Coyote valleys to Lakeport, using the
watersof Clear Lake to develop the electric
power necessary to run it.
"Though the capitalization is $1,000,000,"
Ex-Superior Judge Hudson of Lakeport on the New Railroad, Kush of Tourists
end Latest Suit Against the Southern Pacific.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
said he, "it Is thought it will take about $1,
-500.000 to build it. Richard Wiley of Napa,
£. Clendenin, Tax Collector of Lake County,
and Captain J. K. Fraser of Big Valley, Lake
County, are among the incorporators.
"I understand they had offers of all the East
ern money they want to complete the road. A
meeting of the officials was held the other day.
"There is a great surplus of water in Clear
Lake. It rises every winter eight or ten feet
and the proposition is to use it to develop elec
trical power as it falls.
"There Is so much of this power that it is
proposed to sell it to San Francisco, Oakland
and other cities. There is an enormous
amount of power there going to waste all the
time, fhe road proposed will be of great value
to the people.
"The frost has affected the fruit some in
Lake County, but rot to the extent that it has
in some of the adjoiuiug counties. It is ex
pected that there will be a fair crop. The
grain looks exceedingly well, especially wheat
and barley, which will be a big crop.
"Lake County resorts are now filling up with
people from Pan Francisco and elsewhere.
There are hundreds of them up there already.
"I came down on some important legal busi
ness; namely, in the case of Chris S. Studer of
Cordelia, Solano County, against the Southern
Pacific Company, for killing his child in July
last, at Cordelia, on the line of the California
Pacitic Railroad, between Vacaville and
Suisnn.
"The little fellow, who was but 12 years old,
climbed up between two flatcars of a freight
train standing on the track. He, it seems,
stood on the coupling, and when the cars
backed one of his feet was crushed and the
child died. The bell was not rung, nor was
there a warning of any kind, so that the little
fe\low might know what was going to be done.
"We are suing for $25,000 damages. It is to
be tried before Superior Judge A. J. Buckles of
Solano County on Jane 3."
Ex-Judge Hudson will be in this City seven
or eight days.
THE PROBLEM OF LIFE.
The Jewel outlives the setting.
And likewise does the hen;
The buckwheat cakes of the morning
Will never rise again.
The can outlasts the lobster, .
The goat outlives the can —
You can't be behind the procession,
And still be In tbe van. . . •
You runt keep a ho sv and wagon \
While llviiic In aflat:
Oh, many a this year's capnt
Is In a last year's hat.
A (rood pair of cowhide uppers
Two sets of souls will outlast;
You can't with a comb of the present
Part the front hair of the past.
But here's the question that pozzies my soul
And fills It with wild disaster •
Does the porous plaster outlive the hole,
Or the hoie the porous plaster?
—Buffalo Express
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
COST OF THE GOLD RESERVE.
One Good Reason for the Existence of
the People's Party.
Editor San Frandtco Call— Sir: The extent to
which the oeople of this country are beginning
to understand the false pretenses and down
right iniquities of our present financial sys
tem may be inferred from the reading of the
following editorial article clipped from a San
Francisco daily newspaper which has never
been accused of having any sympathy or even
patience with the Populist or People's party
view of the nature and function of money:
Some one ought to teach Mr. Carlisle how to do
a simple sum in Interest, and then supply him
with brains or honesty enough to appreciate Its
significance. If the proposed Issue of $100,000,000
or 4 per cents Is made, the sum total of Interest
bearing securities issued for the ostensible purpose
of maintaining the gold reserve will be *363,
-000,000. Roughly speaking, these bonds will cost
the people In the form of interest about $350,-
That is to say, for the purpose of maintaining a
reserve to keep $346,000,000 of greenbacks from
going to a discount the Government Is going to ex
pend $4,000,000 more than it would take to redeem
them outright, and then, after having done no, re
turn to tint holders of the bonds a sum nearly
double the amount of outstanding greenbacks.
As the ostensible purpose of obtaining the gold
was to keep the greenbacks from going to a dis
count, and, as since the issuance of the bonds the
Secretary of the Treasury ban been steadily with
drawing greenbacks from circulation, wonld it not
have served tbe sumo purpose and have been In
finitely cheaper to have retired the greenbacks
permanently by increasing the re Venue sufficiently
to compel their automatic return to the treasury. .
But that would not have | suited the all-street
contingent, and so we are treated Ito the farce of
buying gold with Interest-paying bonds for the
purpose of maintaining the credit of a currency
which is tightly locked up in the treasury and not
permitted to circulate. r ,
Before proceeding to make any comments on
the above exposure of the cost of the gold re
serve and the folly of maintaining it, I may as
well confess that for many years I was a pro
found admirer of John Sherman, the author of
the gold-reserve method of ' maintaining the
honor and impeccability of the greenback, re
garding him as the greatest financier of
modern times, and once wanted to vote for
him for President of the United States; and I
was proud as a peacock to think that our
Nation was so great and so opulent tnat we
could keep a hundred millions In gold lying in
the vaults of the Government treasury to re
deem at a moment's notice its paper green
backs and thus keep them - always at j a parity
with the ; yellow • gold. n At that . time 1 was a
full believer.with a large majority of my coun
trymen. In . what we : fondly called "the best
financial system in the world," . and we de
lighted to honor John Sherman as the father
of that wonderful system. •. --:-■*-■
One day my faith in that system and in John
Sherman was rudely shaken. A man for whom
I bad great respect, before he became a
"crank" on the tiuancial question by joining
the Farmers' Alliance, challenged me* to read
alittiebook written by Mrs. Emory, bearing
the title of "Seven Financial Conspiracies."
That little book utterly destroyed my faith in
John Sherman by a merciless exposure of the
delusive fallacies of his financial system. The
hypnotic spell un-ler which I was led to ad
mire him and applaud his financial system
soon passed away, aud In due time, after
fanner investigation of the money question,
not from the banker's point of view, but as
one of the people dependent upon dealers la
money who control the money market, I too,
became, though quite reluctantly, a Populist
and a financial "crank" and caught the
"craze," some five years ago, when it was not
quite as pleasant to be known as a Populist as
it is now.
While hypnotized, as many thousands still
are, by idolizing gold as a "redeemer" of paper
money it never occurred to me that the beauti
ful and fascinating hundred millions in good
yellow gold held as a reserve for the "redemp
tion" of greenbacks which nobody wanted re
deemed for twenty years, had been bought
with greenbacks or promises to pay in coin,
the only difference in fact being that green-
I backs called "bonds" bore interest and the
i other greenbacks bore no interest. Yes, there
I was another difference — the greenback
"bonds." wtre nearly all of high denomina
tion!'— $500. $1000, *10,000— aud did not cir
culate as money. In other respects both
bonds a'ul greenbacks are just the same.
They rest on the same basis or security— that
is, the promise and faith of the Nation, backed
by the taxing power of Congress, which ex
tends to every dollar's worth of property and
even to the toil of seventy millions of people
in these United States. He"nee the greenbacks
were just as good as the bonus, and even bet
ter, for they were a prior lien or first mortgage
on all of Uncle Sam's property and were,
moreover, due and payable before a single
bond was issued.
Not to make this letter too long, let us call it
a first installment on the bond question, while
the reader ruminates a little on the figures
given in the clipping above quoted from an or
thodox newspaper which seems to be getting
"onto" Sherman's little joker of the gold re
serve. JoPKTH ABBTTST Johnson.
11 Essex 6treet, San Francisco.
LADY'S WAIST WITH FITTED
SLEEVE AND YOKE FRONT.
An exquisitely dainty gown is illustrated be
low. It is of white and black striped silk. The
battlemented yoke is edged with narrow black
velvet. The frill is white mousseline de soie
with black dots. A ruffle of this is also set in
the top of the collar, which, like the belt, is of
shaded green ribbon. This belt is one of the
latest fancies, being much wider than those
lately worn, wrinkled about the form and
ending In bows in the back.
A striped lawn made after this model was
very pretty and exceedingly stylish, for the
new sleeves and beit with the novel yoke front
make it exceedingly striking.
A gown of brown canvas cloth over a shot
blue and green silk lining had the yoke of
white satin covered with lace. The belt aud
collar were of the green and blue silk, with a
frill of the same lace at the top of collar.
The waist fastens in the center front, the
yoke aud collar hooking on the leftside. There
is a fitted lining which may be omitted for
wash dresses, cutting the gathered one, sewing
it to yoke and fastening at under arm seam. A
Fhn How facing cut after lining makes the stay
to which sleeve is sewn.
The skirt has eleven gores, which is specially
adapted for silk or goods only twenty-two
inches wide.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
In Robert Graham, a cleric in Brooklyn, has
been discovered the person of Sir Robert
James Stuart Graham, tenth Baronet of Esk.
The Prince of Wales wears a No. 7 boot; Mr.
Gladstone, Lord Salisbury and Mr. Chamber
lain a No. 9 boot, and the Queen a No. 2 boot.
Major-General Fred Carrington, who is to
take charge of. the military forces in South
Africa, believes the fighting will be confined
to the Matabeles.
Dean Stanley's letters, now being prepared
for publication by the Dean's biographer, will
make, says the Westminster Review, one of
the most interestiug of forthcoming books.
Bir William Priestly, grand nephew of Dr.
Joseph Priestly, the discoverer of oxygen, is
the Unionist candidate for Parliament from
the universities of Edinburgh and St. Andrew.
Lady Ulrica Duncombe, the most beautiful
of the Earl of Faversham's daughters, has en
tered Newham College. Her older sisters, the
late Duchess of Leinster, Lady Vincent and
Lady Graham of Netherby, were ail famous
beauties.
High prices were paid for the paoers of the
Brcntano family recently at Frankfort. An
tonia Brentano's autograph book was sold for
8000 marks, $1500; twelve letters of Beetho
ven brought 3990 marks, and twenty-one let
ters of Goethe 5736 marks. The Goethe cor
respondence, which has not been printed, will
be edited by Dr. R. Jung and published before
the close of the year.
In Boston there resides Miss Elizabeth C.
Adams, granddaughter of the first President
Adams. She lived in the White House during
the term of her uncle, John Quincy Adams.
She and her brother, I. Hall Adams, are the
only surviving grandchildren of the second
President.
Ex-Congressman Bellamy Storer of Ohio is
said to be slated for the mission to France if
McKinley shall be elected. Mrs. Storer, who
was one of the Longrworths of Cincinnati, is
several times a millionaire, and Mr. Storer
himself is also the possessor of a comfortable
fortune.
PERSONAL.
T. H. Maguire of Mexico Is In the city.
W. Rosenburg of San Salvador is here.
Jesse D. Carr of Salinas is again In town.
Dr. W. A. Phillips of Reno is on a visit here.
Eugene Jacobs of Nashville, Term., is in the
City.
W. Crichton, a business man of Laurel, is in
the City.
Enrique Herman of Guatemala reached here
yesterday.
H. W. Walker, a merchant of Willows, is at
the Grand.
John L. Hudner, an attorney of Hollister, is
at the Lick.
A. c. Cabel, a mining man of Butte, Mont., is
at the Russ.
E. S. Cuborly, a large property-owner of San
Diego, is at the Russ.
F. J. Giese of Lima, Peru, was among the ar
rivals here yesterday.
H. M. Yerington, the railroad man of Car
son, Nev., arrived here yesterday.
W. H. Perry and W. A. Morgan, owners ot a
lumber-mill at Los Angeles, are in town.
H. Nieberdlng, a prominent resident of Fort
Bragg, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
E. Thompson, a noted business man of
Fresno, is registered at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
A. Booz, a capitalist of Philadelphia on a
pleasure trip West, is staying with his family
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Major S. W. Arbuckle left last night for Santa
Monica, where on Saturday at the Old Soldiers'
Home he is to deliver an address.
Alexander P. Brown, a wealthy retired mer
chant of Philadelphia, who has been on a visit
to the Yosemite, is at the Occidental.
N. H. Wilson, superintendent of the Yosemite
Stage Company, which runs its stages from
Merced via Coulterrille to the Yosemite, is in
the City.
S. Horrocks, an extensive and wealthy mer
chant of Ogden, is at the Russ, accompanied
by his wife. Mr. Horrocks is one of the pio
neers of Ogden.
Louis K. Brewer, the coffee-planter of Tapa
chula, Guatemala, whose wife and children
were lost in the wreck of the steamer Colima
last year, arrived here yesterday, and is at the
Occidental.
J. S. Xodd, United States Vice-Consul at
Guatemala, was among the arrivals on the San
Bias yesterday, and is at the Lick. Mr. Todd
is away on a leave of absence which may last
several months.
James O'Brien of Marysville, owner of a rich
hydraulic mine in Plumas County, arrived
here yesterday from tbe mine, bringing a num
ber of gold bricks, worth in all some $20, 000.
Mr. O'Brien is at the Russ.
Alejandro Nowell, who for many years has
been an extensive grower of coffee in Guate
mala, arrived on the San Bias yesterday. He
has sold his big coffee plantation, for which it
said he received about $750,000.
Consul-General Manuel Corrillo, who repre
sents Guatemala here, is not friendly toward
General Barillas, now visiting here, and only
has to do with him in an official way. Baril
las imprisoned him when he was President
and he is sore at the remembrance of it.
C. F. Fearing, brother of George H. Fearing,
who accompanied Depew and Vanderbilt on
their recent trip to San Francisco, has arrived
here after a visit to Johannesburg, South
Africa. He says he was dining with Cecil
Rhodes at Cape Town, the night of Jameson's
raid, and that when Rhodes got and read a
telegram announcing the failure of the raid,
he said : "Gentlemen, you will doubtless hear
that the career of Cecil Rhodes is ended, but I
tell you that it has just begun, and tbe con
firmation of my prediction will be seen in the
development of tbe years which are to come."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 28.— At the Hol
land—Miss Bassa, Miss Crockett; Cosmopoli
tan—Dr. J. F. Brooks; St. James— L. J. Hanch
ett; Imperial— F.M.Prindle; Sinclaire— (.;. K.
Lyons; Murray Hill— R. B. Bolton, B. L. Good
sell, Misses Goodseil, Mrs. Goodsell.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
It really looks now as though the men prom
ising victim on the Democratic side is Russell
of Massachusetts.— Buffalo Courier.
During his term as Governor Mr. Altgeld has
"pardoned nearly everybody except the man
who perpetrated the "crime of 1873."— Chicago
Times-Herald.
"An honest dollar and a chance to earn it by
honest toil" is the McKinley tocsin of victory
that has drawn the masses to his standard. —
Chicago Times-Herald.
The death of the only man who ever spanked
Grover Cleveland is announced. Wait until
the Chicago convention, and there will be
others.— St. Josepn (Mo.) Herald.
It is to be a fight to the finish and from the
word "Gol" in Chicago. One of the organs
says: "We will organise as a hollow square to
fight silver."— Chicago Inter-Ocean.
One of the strongest arguments in favor of
McKinley's nomination is his manifest ability
to avoid the traps set for him by unfriendly
politicians.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
When a man declares himself a Democrat
nowadays he does not give any definite in
formation with regard to his political views
and intentions.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
Politicians will be Interested in a platform
recently adopted in Munich. It revolves, and
the scenery can be changed in a quarter of a
minute. It is in operation at the Opera
house.—Cleveland World.
William McKinley respectfully calls atten
tion to the fact that a band wagon is only a
band wagon «nd cannot hold all the fellows
that try to clamber into it at the eleventh
hour.— St. Louis Post^Dlspatch.
The outlook at Chicago now is for a free
coinage Democratic platform, with such as
Boles of lowa standing thereon. The prospect
is that honest-money men must vote the Re
publican ticket if they really want 100 cents
in their dollars more than they want the com
pany of Jackson's ghost.-Lewiston Journal.
There is a boy in a hospital In New York City
who has been asleep for twenty-two days, and
the physicians cannot arouse him. That is
nothing. The National Democratic party was
in a comatose condition for thirty-two years
before it woke up. It is now in a condition
which clearly foreshadows another long period
of catalepsy, beginning on March 4, 1897 —
Wilmington News.
The election of Quay to be Vice-Preßident
would settle one curious point. It is whether
it is possible for a Vice-President to be m in
fluential man in public affairs. Quay is the
most influential politician in the country
purely as a politician, to-day. No Vice-Presi
dent for fifty years has had any appreciable
influence in politics. Could Quay achieve the
political miracle of continuing hU power after
he had entered the Vice-Presidency?-Boston
Herald.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
ou> CoiNB-Mrs. J. F., Windsor, Cal. No pre
mium Is offered for a 3 cent piece of 1852, nor
for dimes of 1836 and 18-10 A copper cent of
1857 is worth from ;i to 10 cents.
Petrified Kidney— Mrs. J. F., Windsor, Cal.
If you have a petrified kidney that you wish to
dispose of. you had better communicate with
the Academy of Sciences of this city.
La Cigale-S. K. 8., Los Angelei, Cal. Ci*ale
is French for har.vest-fly or cricket. It is also
the nama given to a play adapted iroin Dick
ens' popular story of home, in three chirps, en
titled, "The Cricket on the Hearth."
Clajis— A Constant Eeader, City. When yoa
want to dig for claras, find out the time when
it is low tide. You can ascertain this by
watching the tide tables published every day
in The Call.
The Oregon— L. S., Seattle, Wash. The new
battle-ship Oregon will be put In commission
in about two months. For information about
the crew she is to have, address the command
ant at the navy yard, Mare Island.
A Will— Subscriber, Berkeley, Cal. A will
that is written by the testator and signed by
two witnesses need not be acknowledged be
fore a notary public to make it legal. If writ
ten wholly by the testator it need not even be
witnessed.
Placer Misixr.— ll. A. If., Woodside, Cal.
This department cannot advertise the pub
lisher of any book on placer mining, or any
other book, unless It is a ttate. City or Govern
ment publication. You had better communi
cate with tbe California State Mining Bureau,
this City.
Illustrations— A. S., City. Some of the
papers outside of San Francisco that uso pen
and intc drawings for reproduction are the
Sacramento Bee, Stockton Mail, San Jose Mer
cury and Los Angeles Times. A number of the
country papers Use what is termed the chalk
process.
To Vote— G. O. W., City. To vote at the next
Presidential election held in this State the cit
izen must have been a resident of the State
one year, in the county in which he desires to
vote six months and in the election precinct
thirty days, and his name must have been en
roiled on the great register fifteen days prior
to the election.
A Right to Sell— Subscriber, Calico, San
Bernardino, CaL There is no law in this State
that will prevent an English or any other syn
dicate organized for the purpose of producing
silver from engaging in mercantile business,
providing they pay a license for so doing, nor
is there any law that can prevent such a syndi
cate from underselling other people in the
same line of business.
"Josiah Allen"— E. G. 8., Livermore, Ala.
meda County, Cal. The writer whose produc
tions have appeared under the pen name of
"Josiah' Allen" is Marietta Holley. She was
born at a country place between two villages,
Adams and Fierpont Manor, N. Y. She com
menced to write at an early age, her writings
at first being signed "Jemyma," and were
printed in a country newspaper at Adams.
Then she wrote for the Christian Union and
the Independent. After that she wrote for
Peterson's Magazine, signing herself "Josiah
Allen's Wife." Among the works she has writ
ten are "My Opinion and Betsey Bobett's"
(1872), "Samantha at the Centennial" (1877),
"The Wayward Pardner" (1880), "The Mor
mon Wife" (1882), "Sweet Cicely, or Josiah
Allen's Wife as a Politician" (1885), "Sa
mantha at Saratoga" (1887), and "Samantha
Among the Brethren."
Molasses popcorn candy Townsend's. •
• * »
California, glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's,*
•— • •
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
» » »
Sadsalito Ferry connects with trains pass
ing through the most beautiful part of Cali
fornia, with rough mountains, green hills
seamed with' wooded canyons and rippling
streams. The paradise for camping or a day's
outing. If o boisterous Sunday picnic crowds
to mar the pleasure of families and private
parties. •
The State Mining Journal,
Edited by James P.obbius, contains: "State
Mining News"; "The Mother Lode," a lecture
by|Uenry S. Durden of the State Mining Bu
rt-Hii. and many articles of interest to miners.
Office, No. 628 Montgomery street. •
It Combine** Wisdom With Wit.
The lending writers on the coast contribute
to the San Francisco News Letter. Among
other live topics discussed editorially this
week are the following: The Silver Lunacy;
Cheap Car Fares; Medical Confidences; Trade
With thQ Orient; The Woman's Suffrage Farce;
Mixed Local Politics; A Disgrace to the City;
Catholic Injustice. A special feature iv this
week's issue is a poem by Dan O'connell, enti
tled "Decoration Day." "Pleasure's Wand De
partment bristles with bright theatrical talk,
and all the other departments are all wide
awake and excellent. The Picturesque San
Francisco series, started some months ago by
this enterprising journal, still continues and
promises to be the finest series of local illus
trations ever issued here. ♦
"Is this hot enough for you?" asked Satan.
"Purty warm," admitted the newly arrived
oldest Inhabitant: "but I remember some fifty
years ago, when it was so durn hot that "
The attendant imps, at signal, seized him
and shoved him down seven stories nearer the
bottom which isn't there.— lndianapolis Joar
naL
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via Union Pacific.
ONLY 81 & DAYS TO CHICAGO-31*
41& DAYS. TO NEW YOKK-4.V4
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, dally without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, caily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
Yellowstone Park Excursion.
Watch this ad for full particulars regarding our
groat excursion to the Yellowstone. .Party leaves
here the 12th of July. Weekly excursions in up
holstered tourist cars. No change. Lowest rates
to all points East. T. K. Stateler, agent Northern
Pacific Kailroad, 638 Market street, San Francisco.
"Mrs. WingloWg Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for th«ir children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the beat remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes, for sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sura and asic
for Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup. 23c a botUa,
CoboxaDO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board m th« Hotel dot
Coronado, 860: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 Sew Montgomery st., San Francisco. .' .
•—• — * — •
A potato patch is different from a patch on a
worn garment. The former is planted, but
the latter is sewed.— Pittsburg Chronicle Tele,
graph. "■■■.. ■ • .
icrw to-dat:
JL Gives Free
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and saucers, 3 plates,
1 vegetable dish. 1 salad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Cnstard.s, mustard pots, cream pitcheri.
3 table tumblers, butter dish,
Sugar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, 6 berry disnes and
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
5Qc TEAS, any kind.
Colima Pure Spices,
Colima Baking Powder,
AT
Great American linportii Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. | 4 6 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third «t.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore rt.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
■419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
33i Hayes st. 3350 Mission st.
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
>3i ban Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Alaineda.FRIDAY MAY 29, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Faipwin Thkatkk — "A Midsummer Klcbt's
Drt-am."
Colombia Tbeatxr- "Miss Hamm Scarum."
Monosco'B t'PF.RA-HousF.— ■•M^tp-mora."
1 jvoi 1 Opkha-Hotsk.— •• Uncle Tom s Cabin."
ORrHKrM— HIRh-Clans VanrtpviUe.
The EMHORirM.— Concert to-night by the Em-
porium Orchestra
Central Park.— Bicycle Races, Saturday,
May 80.
-iTBoCoxET Isiuind — Bathing and Perform-
ances.
buooTTiiE < Hi' TEs— Dally at Halght street, one
tlock cast of the I'ark.
J Kin Coast Jcx-kky Ci t-p. — Races to-day.
AUCTION ! ALLS.
By F. T. Kikler- This day, (Friday), Rare
Oriental Curios, a: 194 Kearny stnet, ai t p. *.
By Ch-as. Levy & Co.-This day (Friday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1136 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
1 v K. S. Brata * Co.-Thls day (Friday),
Furniture, at 817 a Hayos street, at 11 o'clock.
By L. Vincknt— This day (Friday), Furni-
ture, at 1218 Ellis street, at 11 o'clock.
J'v Killif 4 Co.— This I.ay (Friday). Horses,
at corner Tenth and Bryant sis., at 11 o'clock.
By Eakton & Eldkiikjk— Tuesday, June 2,
Seal Estate, at 6SB Market St., at 12 o'clock noon.
1 v (-. H. I'kbses <fc Co.— Monday, June 8,
Real Estate, at sbii'sroom. 14 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
John Cohan, a st-tly tailor, committed sui
cide yesterday morning.
Westminster Presbyterian congregation ban
decided to build a fine church.
Cloudy weather with Foutherly winds and
pr.-bably fogs is on the tapis for to-day.
The Fruit and Poultry Men's Association will
give an excursion to San Jose on May 31.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford hns had her monthly
allowance reduced from $10,000 to $2500.
A successful concert was given last night for
chiirity by the Saturday Morning Orchestra.
It is likely that California pampa< plumes
will be used extensively in the coming cam
paign.
The Order of Chosen Friends celebrated its
seventeenth birthday in B'nai B'nth Hall last
evening.
Pierre Amedee Leroux, the oldest employe of
the French Benevolent Society, was buried
yesterday.
SaCred Heart College held its graduating ex
ercises last nipht in Metropolitan Temple be
fore a large audience.
The thirtieth annual gathering and games
of the Caledonian Club will be held to-morrow
in Shell Mound Park.
J. B. Lankershim of Los Angeles while sleep
ing peacefully in a City-bound Pullman was
robbed of his trousers.
The Bay District Race Track was, by the
order of the California Jockey Club, almost
laid in ruins yesterday.
Two permits issued to the National Club for
boxing contests were canceled by the Board
o: Supervisors yesterday.
A large number of buildings are going up In
the Mission, east of Folsom, between Sixteenth
and Twenty-sixth streets.
Carpenters' Union No. 22 has decided not to
recognize the shinglers or shinelmg as a trade
separate from carpentering.
Lee Sing and Miss Oy Yoke Leong were mar
rieo at the Methodist Chinese Mission, 916
■Washington street, last evening.
The will of John H. Thiess, dated October 20,
1863, and leaving all of his $3200 estate to
h> widow, has been filed for probate.
The Federal authorities are expecting Charles
Favor, an ex-Custom-house Inspector, to'turn
State's evidence in regard to Chinese bribery
ca es.
Sarnie Grant is suing J. P. Sarsfield for $20,-
OfiO damages for alleged malpractice. He was
her physician and she claims he treated her
unskilifully.
The Aiameda Floral Fete, under the auspices
of the Woman's Exchange, waa opened at
Thompson's grounds yesterday. It will close
this evening.
The Trades and Labor Alliance has moved Its
p'.nce oi meeting from 1159 Mission street to
102 O'Farrell. This body will hereafter meet
on Friday night.
lugle«ide Track reopened yesterday with
three favorites taking purses. The winning
herses were: Jerildcrio, Paroi, Skalkaho, Dura,
Ruinart ana All Smoke.
.still Miss Lillian Ashley holds the witness
stand before Judge Slack, in her case against
BaJdwin. She is being cross-examined by Mr.
Highton on her redirect testimony.
A debate on woman suffrage last night be
fore Alexander Hamilton Council. Junior Or
der of American Mechanics, resulted In a vic
tory for the opponents of the reform.
John Williams, an insane colored laborer,
was arrested on Market street and Grant ave
nue last night while waiting to tak£ the life of
the business man«trer of the Examiner.
Mary E. McQuiddy is suing Redding D. Mc-
Quiddy for $75 a month as maintenance. She
says her husband has deserted her, and though
he earns $162 50 a month, he (rives her noth
ing.
The preliminary examination of Assessor
Siebe on a charge of perjury was beenn in
Judge Campbell's court last night. Judge
WaiTace was on the wltnes6-Btand during the
session.
John M. Harris, one of the owners of the
rich Reco silver and lead mine, at Salmon, in
the Slocan country, B. C, is here. He thinks
the Slocan the ricuest lead and silver district
yet found.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Prien celebrated their
silver wedding last night in California Hall,
where the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein did
the couple honor by presenting them with an
elegant case of silver.
The second annual meeting and election of
the Merchants' Association was held last even
ing and a large executive committee was ap
pointed to asbist in making the canvass for the
success of the proposed new Charier.
Alvinza Hay ward, J. L. Willcutt, George T.
Folsom and Cnarles T. Lathrop were adjudged
?;uilty ol contempt yesterday by Judge Wallace
or refusing to submit the booksof the Uarcet
fctrcei. Railway Company to the inspection of
the court.
J. C. Jordan, the contractor, has answered
the suit ol James P. McElroy for 5£50,000 for
legal services, by denying the claim and mak
ing a counter-claim for $125,000 he says he
lo6t through McElroy's unskillful handling of
hi- afi'airs.
The public school authorities have virtually
determined to discontinue the distribution,
after the clo»e of the present term, of the
Bridge and Denman medals and all similar
souvenirs previously awarded to pupils for ex
cellence oi scholarship and deportment.
E. B. Montgomery has applied to the Su
preme Court lor a writ of prohibition to pre
vent the Superior Court of San Benito County
from trying him on six indictments for em
bezzlement, filed by the San Benito County
Grand Jury. He alleges, that the Grand Jury
was illegally drawn.
Burnett G. Haskell made a motion before
Judge Slack yesterday to set aside the petition
for his disbarment. He said all his excep
tiona to the petition had been sustained, and
no answer to them had been filed, so he
thougiit ihe petition should be set aside.
Judge Slack, however, refused to grant the mo
tion.
Over £21,000,000 is wasted in promoting
companies that give no returns to share
rs . dch year in England.
NEW TO-DAr. }
WITH
HUMOR
"When I was thirteen years old I began to have
•ore eyes and ears, ana from my ears a humor '
spread. I doctored with five different skilful
doctor*, but they did me no good. My disease
was Eczema. By this lime it ha/i gone all over
my head, face, and body. Nobody thought I
would live, and would not have but forCuTiccßA
Krmediss. I used /our boxes of Cdticoba,
five cakes of OrrrictrßA BoiF, and three bottles
of Ccticuba Kesoj.vbnt. My hair all came out
at that time, but no w it is bo thick I can hardly
comb it. I am sixteen years old, weigh : 130
pounds, and am perfectly well.
Miss IREAN GIiXNDKL, Clayton, N. Y.
Bpxzst.Cuei Tbiutmkvt. — Warm both* with Co-
TICTHA Boat, gentle application! of Cctichra (oint-
ment), and mild dotes of Ci ticoba BisoLvuiT.erf a«it
of humor cure*. | , ■._ _
Bold throochout the world. Price, CFTicn»A. SOe.i
BOAr Me.; JUnoltkiit. ft*, and (1. Pottek Obuo
WI Chbm. Coin-., Sole Trot*., Boston. •
-••" How to Cure £?ery bklo Humor," mailed free.
NEWS OF THE
WATER FRONT.
The Boilers of the New
York to Be Used on
an Oil Scow.
HAVE BEEN PATCHED UP
Will Convey the Liquid From
Southern Ports to Passing
Steamers.
DEPARTURE OF THE MONOWAI.
Lick Astronomers Leave on the B Lie
to Observe the Eclipse of
tbe Sun.
Some remains of the wrecked steamer
City of New York are at last to be put
to use. When the vessel went on the
rocks at Point Bonita years ago no one
ever thought she would be a total wreck.
As it was she broke in twain and was
given over to the wreckers. In the at
tempt to save the machinery Whitelaw
lost the Samson and later on the wreck
ing steamer Whitelaw went ashore and
became a total loss. Since then he has
built another wrecker and another wreck
ing steameT. Both these are now in use
raising the Blairmore.
Before the old Whitelaw was lost she
had recovered from the rocks oft Point
Bonita the machinery and boilers of tbe
->ew York. These were brought ashore
and lay for months on section 3 of the.
seawall, l^atterly the boilers found a
purchaser, and now they are O be used as
oil tanKs to carry crude petroleum between
Baja and Alta Cautornia.
The longest tank is forty-two feet long
and nine feet in diameter, it holds 2500
gallons of oil. The smaller tank holds
about 1600 gallons, ana is forty feet long
and seven feet in diameter. They are now
lying on Howard-street wharf, and to
morrow they will be placed on the lighter
and taken to Lower California.
Besides the tanks there will be two long
square boilers that were purchased at the
last Mare Island sale. These will hold
1400 gallons, and are made out of old
plates that were bought from Uncle Sam.
Half a dozen boilers supplied the plates,
as seme of ihe tanks purchased were use
less barring a few plates, and these latter
were used and the worn out ones discarded
Tbe steamer Monowai sailed for Austra
lian ports last night. The cabin passen
gers were:
For Honolulu— W. O. Aiken and wife, B. R.
Banning, Thomas J. Birch, B. H. Collier, R.
Cowes, B. M. Dodge, F. M. Hasted, Miss Kerr,
Master Kerr, F. V. Klaeden, Dr. H. Meister, R.
G. Moore, Dr. Robert Pschorr, Miss E. M.
Richardson, Mrs. Tomes, E. C. Waterhouse,
J. G. Waibel.
For Auckland— H. D. Bell, Hon. George
Hutchinson.
For Sydney— George A. Beane and wife, Miss
Nellie Butler, A. Canney, Miss V. Carey, F. C.
Chandler, S. G. Chapman, John Chynoweih,
Edward Clayton and wife, Harry Conor, Mrs.
11. J. English, F. M. Husk, W. E. Jacobs, T. H.
Jones, w. F. Knapp, Frank Lawton. J. A.
Libbey and wife, Miss Sadie McDonald, Miss
Geraldine McCann, J. B. McLaurin, Julian
Mitchell and wife, C. C. Murray, Arthur Pacie
and wife, Miss Patrice. A. Spencer uud wife, S.
A. Steane, Miss Amelia stone, Mrs. Ellen
Street, Paul Sylow, K. W. Traver>, L. If. Isitt.
Joins at Honolulu for Sydney— W. S. Goodlet.
Among tbe above were R. Cowes, the
well-known and popular chief steward of
the Mariposa. He has been here on a
vacation, and may rejoin his ship at Hono
lulu. He is a general favorite with the
traveling public and is an old stand-by in
the Spreckels line. H. D. Bell and George
Hutch inson are members of the New Zea
land Legislature, who have been looking
into the way business is done in the United
States. Judging from what they said on
the Mariposa yesterday, the New Zealand
Government will not go in for free trade
next year if they have any say in the
matter. '
The "Trip to Chinatown" Company
filled the whole ship. Harry Conor and
Julian Mitchell and his wile and all the
other members of tbe company were there,
and hundreds of people were down to see
them off. The vesßel wss late in getting
away, so that some of the actors engaged
at the local theaters were late in reaching
their respective engagements.
Frank Burton, the man who is beating
his way around the world in a wagon, suc
ceeded in getting a passage. Captain
Carey at first, refused to nave anything to
do with him, but when the circumstances
were explained to him he put Frank to
work in the steward's department, but the
chances are that he will not have much to
do during the trip.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Belgic sailed for Hongkong via
Yokohama yesterday. Among the cabin
passeng rs were Professor Schaeberle of
the Lack Observatory, Charles Burckhalter
of the Chabo: Observatory, Louis G. Mar
tin of San Francisco and Dr. A. G. Bnuey
of Oakland. They are en route for Japan,
where it is hoped a number of photographs
of the forthcoming solar eclipse will be
taken. The necessary money to defray
the expenses has been furnished by Charles
F. Crocker.and with the experience gained
by past efforts it is expected that this ven
ture will return excellent results.
Lombard-street wharf attracted an enor
mous crowd yesterday. About 300 men
were landed from the cruiser Philadelphia,
and for over an hour were put through
general "shore" exercises. The men will
take place in the Memorial day exercises
to-morrow, and Admiral Beardslee wants
to have them perfect on that occasion. The
cruiser's band was present at the evolu
tions, and the men, one and all, acted like
veterans.
The Alaska Commercial Association's
Bertha arrived here from Kadiak and
Cooks Inlet yesterday. She had an un
eventful voyage and* brought no later
news than Captain Hayes telegraphed
from Port Towns-nd last week.
The work of raising the Blairmore is
slowly progressing. Nearly all the pre
liminary arrangements for the first at
tempt have been made, but some of the
top-hamper is still in the way, and it may
be several days before the actual work of
raising the vessel will begin. If success
ful at the first venture Captain Whitelaw
will be a very proud and happy man.
The Monterey Celebration.
Secretary J. A. Filcher of the State Board of
Trade has written President E. B. Willis ol the
California Press Association suggesting' that
circu lnr letters be sent Ril over tbe btate re
questing that each county send a native
dttughier to the celebration; also a block ot
stone to be placed in the monument, Mr. Wil
lis Las acted upon the suggestion.
Suit Over n. Transfer.
A. 8. Porter is suing the Market-street Rail
way Compeny forslo,oOodamageß for having
Detn put oft'a Market-street car. He claims he
presented a proper transfer, having dnly re
ceived it in exchange for a check from the
transfer agent. Ihe Market-street con'lm u>r
refused to accept the transfer aud summarily
put him off the car.
When You See
To-day's News Letter you will be pleased.
It is a cure fur the biues and will make
you satisfied with the world.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
The Big Boilers That Came From the Wreck of the Pacific Mail Company's Steamship City of New
York at Point Bonita, and the Scow That Will Carry Them to San Diego. They Will Be
Used to Carry Oil to the Enoch Talbot and George Loomis.
[Sketched by a " Call " artisL]
ZIEGLER LAID
HAWKINS LOW,
A Spirited Eight-Round Go
at the People's
Palace.
HAWKINS' GAME FIGHT
His Style Better, but He Was
Not So Strong a
Fighter.
THE REFEREE HIT BY K^LLY.
Danny Mahoney and Joe Sullivan Put
Up Six Rounds to a
Draw.
The Shannon benefit at the People's Pal
ace last evening opened with a six-round
contest between Danny Mahoney and Joe
Sullivan. According to the fi3tic bill of
fare the referee waa to give a decision "on
points," but when the bout came to an
end Henry Peppers, who was selected to
referee the match, stated that the contest
ants had agreed before entering the rinc
that, if both men were fighting at the ter
mination of the sixth round, the contest
should be declared a draw. Mahoney had
unquestionably the best of the argument
in every round, but Peppers, acting under
instructions, called the match a draw.
The event of the evening followed this.
It was an eight-round contest between
Oweu Ziegler of Philadelphia and Dal
Hawkins of San Francisco.
After Sergeant Burdsell examined and
weighed the mittens the fight went on.
Hawkins was esquired by Tim McGrath
and "Spider" Kelly. His opponent, Zieg
ler. was looked after by George Allen of
Chicago, H. Kennedy of Philadelphia and
Frank Hanoi New York.
The referee selected was Ed Homan, but
as that distinguished sporting man and
retired champion boxer had some impor
tant business downtown and did not ar
rive in due time, Jimmy Carrol!, the pop
ular light-weight boxer, was chosen-
It was 11 o'ciock when the event of the
evening was cal.ed. Ziegler appeared in
splendid trim. He weighed 138 pounds
j and his opponent, Hawkins, tipped the
I scales at 131 pounds. Ziegler looked much
lareer than the San Francisco lad and I
was certainly more powerful.
When the boxers toed the scratch it
could be seen at a glance that the Phila
delpliian meant business. He did not de
lay in fiddling ai,d prospecting for the un
guarded spots of his antagonist, but sailed
right in for buni^ess. The first rush he
made at Hawkins gave the latter a sur
prise. In the language of the sports Haw
kins found that he waa up against bard
| game
Ziegler made a desperate attempt to
break Hawkins' neck by swinging his big
j right fi>t at Hawkins' left ear. Th<.- laffo'r
I cleverly ducked "the duke," but was sent
j to his knees the next instant by a snmvh
on tbe shoulder. Ziegler sent out a very
fast and wicked pace, but several of his
blows missed Hawkins and spent them
selves on the smoky atmosphere.
Dal very fortunately for himself got
away from right and left swings any of
which would have sent him to dreamland
had they landed on the "killing" spot.
Ziegler's wild rushes were checked tow
ard the end of the round, when Hawkins
took immediate advantage of a good open
ing and sent the rushing Eastener into
tbe ropes with a right o. the jaw which
was a little bit too high to bring flattering
results to the puncher.
Zeigler was up in a jiffy, and although
he landed several stiff punches on Haw
kins' face and body the latter stood the
gruflling and retired to his corner when
time was called wondering what would
come next. The round was short about
thirty seconds of the actual time— three
minutes.
In the second round Ziegler dashed at
his game like a wild bull, and in hffl
awkward way actually Hung right and left
banders at liltle Dal. Everybody ex
pected to see Hawkins' head rull off the
but in this they were disappointed.
Ziegler's blows frequently fell short, but
the ones that landed made Hawkins look
decidedly scasc
The clever San Franciscan puzzled Zieg
ler by his quickness in getting away from
blows which would certainly have ended
the mill had any of them struck the right
spot. Hawkins frequently stopped Ziegler
with good straight lefts and an occa
eional ri^ht on the neck, which the
"hurricane" of Philadelphia did not iancv.
In the third round Hawkins staggered '
Zie^lcr with a back-hander on the chin, I
but Ziegler returned tbe compliment soon
afterwards with a left-hand swini; which
caught Hawkins in the pit of the stomacli.
Huwkin:- planted two hard straight left
handers on Zeigler's nose just before tbe
call of time.
In the fourth round Ziegler rushed
Hawkins to his corner and landed
three blows on Dai's face, This was fol
lowed by a rally, in which Hawkins
missed a wicked right at Ziegler's nei-k
and received a jolt on the jaw, which
staggered him. Ziegler rnsherl wildly at
Hawkins and made desperate attempts to
knock tbe San Franciscan out, but failed.
Hawkins certainly had the short end of
this round.
Hawkins, to the surprise of the specta
tors, had the best of the fifth round. Zieg
ler was pretty well exhausted from the
wild attempts he made in the previous
round to knock his opponeut out, and
Hawkins, after landing three telling left
handers on Ziegler's face, got home one of
his favorite righthanders on Ziegler's jaw
which sent the receiver staggering against
the ropes.
Ziegler made several vain attempts to
catch Hawkin's necK with wild swings,
but fell short in each attempt. The round
ended with wild cheers for Dal.
Just before the call of time for the sixth
round Jimmy Carroll, the referee, "smelt
a mice," and quickly stepped over to
Ziegler's corner for the purpose of examin
ing bisgioves.
He found that the padding of the gloves
was removed, and after arranging the mit
tens he cautioned Ziegler not to try the
old game a second time. The referee did
the same to Hawkin«, and Sergeant Bird
sell told Carroll if any such funny business
was tried a second time he would stop the
contest.
In the sixth round Hawkins was knocked
down by a glancing blow. Ziogler. who
was fighting with his usual wickedness,
had the best of the round, as Hawkins at
this point was growing rapidly weak.
In the seventh and eighth rounds Zieg
ler landed most blows. Hawkins fought a
very game battle, but he was naudicapped
in weight and strength. His style of
fighting was much prettier than
Ziegler's, but then the Phila<lelphian
was the aggressor all through the
game, and as he landed the most
blows throughout, the referee awarded him
the match, which decision, notwithstand
ing the protests of the friends of the game
and clever Hawkins, was perfectly right
and proper.
When tbe referee was leaving the ring
"Spider" Keilv rushed at him and
smashed Carroll a right on the neck. It
was a dastardly trick, and Kelly should
have received the pur.ishme..t he deserves
by being placed in jail. Such conduct
spoils the sport of fisticuffs.
ALLOWED THREE PERMITS
Supervisors Take Full Charge
ot the Boxing Enter^
tainments.
Two Future Events Scheduled by the
National Cub Canceled by
the Board.
Tde Board of Supervisors held a special
session yesterday afternoon to consider
the permits for- boxing entertainments
recently issued by acting Mayor Taylor.
| At the last meeting of the Doard a reso
lution was adopted taking tbe power of
erantinp permits out of the hands of the
i Mayor and placing ii in the hands of the
i Doard and revoking those alreaay granted.
I Then there was wild scurrying among the
! managers of the Hawkins-Zeigler contest
: that took place last evening to get the
board to hold a special session so that the
contest could be brought off, lor much
money had already been expended in the
way of expenses and any delay might
mean a big loss. They managed to secure
| nsmf? enough for the calling of a special
session and thus saved the day. Super
! visors Dimond, Benjamin, Scully, King,
I Morjranstcrn, NVagr.er ;;:id Dunker were
present, with acting Mayor Tavlor in tbe
chair.
Supervisor Dimond was in favor of al
lowing the permits already issued to stand,
as those to whom they had been issued
bad expended considerable money in good
faith. Mr. Taylor wanted to know
whether the passage of the resolution was
intended as a reflection on the Mayor and
was assured by a number of those present
that no such" thought had entered their
heads while voting on the order.
Alter some discussion it was decided to
allow the permit for last night's entertain
ment, that ot the Manhattan Club for to
night and that of the National Club on
June 3 to stand on account of the exp nses
incurred by the managers of the institutu
tions.
The prrmits for two National Cub
nights billed for Jrly and August were
canceled, though they may be reissued if
toe board sees fit.
Supervisor Dimond and acting Mayor
Taylor voted against the cancellation of
any permits already issued.
THE BUILDING TRADES.
l Carpenter* Take Decinlve Action,
Uf'ffHnlinj; the Shinglerg.
At a meeting of the building Trades
Council last night a specia 1 . committee re
ported having called upon the architect at
the City Hall and thai he had stated that
instructions had been given to have the
eight-hour and anti-scab clause inserted
in all contracts relating to tbe building.
The buriness agents were instructed to
report the names of all union men who
are not living up to union rules. The new
job steward rules an«. card were presented
a"nd approved. The following communi
cation was received from Carpenters'
Union 22:
Dear Sir and Brother: I am authorized by
the union to inform you that shingling is con
sidered part and parcel of the carpenter trade
and must be done by union carpenters.
You are not allowed to work with shinglers,
whether they work by the day or otherwise.
You are also retrained from working with any
carpenter, painter, plasterer, laiher, wood
worker, corn icc-workiT or hod-carrier who is
not furnished with a working-caitl issued by
the Buililing Trades Coauoll ot this City. You
are also informed that #3 per day is the miii
mum wage in ihis I lt\. Hy order of iocal
union No. '22. P. H. McCarthy, President.
Another Doorstep Haby.
A baby boy about a week old was left on the
steps of Sister Julia's Home, 579 Harrison
street, about 11 o'clock la t night. . The person
who did so rang the bell and Sister Jnlia found
the baby. She notified the Southern police
station and the infant was taken o the Re
ceiviug Hospital. The baby was wrapped in a
piece of blanket and was cleanly and tastefully
dressed. . :. : ", .. ;■ . . ; '
Hi- Marriage Annulled.
On complaint of Mrs. M. J. tollman, mother
of the groom, the marriage of K. W. Davis to
Mrs. C. M. Davis was annulled yesterday by
Judge Hebbanl. The couple were married
on September 31, 1894, at which time ihe
groom wus under age. As he had not the con
sent of his parents the marriage was annulled.
SOME VAGARIES
OF THE TRANSFERS.
Passengers Carried Far Be
yond the Nearest Trans
ferring Point.
RIDE ON OR PAY AGAIN.
Everything Possible Is Done to
Avoid Accommodating the
Passengers.
A PRIVILEGE TO BE CURTAILED
Peculiarities on the Fourth, Devisa
dero and Filimore Street
Lines.
The street railway system of San Fran
cisco was at one time, and that was only a
few years ago, one that attracted the'at
tention of all strangers who visited the
City and caused them to remark, "San
Francisco has tbe most complete and least
intricate streetcar system in the Unit: d
States." But since E. P. Vining, manager
of the Market-street system, has been at
the head of affairs, he has tinkered with
that system until now Ec has succeeded in
making it the most complex of any. The
residents are scarcely able to understand
it and strangers are unable to make it out.
True, on the inside and outside of the
windows of t^e cars and on the doors at
each cud there are posters relating to
transfers that are so long that it takes a
person some time to comprehend when,
where and under what circumstances tbe
privilege of hopping out of one car and
nopping on to another may be exercised.
To the passenger who is unused to the
peculiar methods of the particular line
upon which he is riding these are practi
cally useless for the reason that before he
can have an opportunity to even read
these rules so wonderfully made up the
conductor approaches with "Fare, please;
want a transfer?" snd often contents him
self with "Fare, please."
The poster in small letters tells the pas
senger that he must "ask for a transfer
upou settling for his fare.' hut if he fails
to do so, either from ignorance or forget
fulnes«, he finds that when he does want a
transfer he is barred from that right, and
if he wants to go on his journey he must
p.ij' another nickel, for by the order of Mr.
Vining no transfer must be issued unless
asked for at the time the fare is paid.
The system that now prevails has been,
aiid still is, the source ot a great
deal of annoyance to the lady pas
sengers, who do net sit up nights to famil
iarize themselves with the manifestoes of
..Manager Vining, and on the part of the
male passengers it has caused many a one
to break the commandment regarding pro
fanity.
"How is this?" asked a lady passenger
on an Ellis-street car yesterday, "that you
will not me a transfer to Filimore
street north? I was given one yesterday."
"Guess not," was the curt reply of the
conductor.
"But I was," insisted the lady.
'"You must have been riding on the
Eddy-street line."
And so it was, and because this lady did
not walk one block farther south to get an
Edily-street car she was forced to pay an
additional fare in order to ride on Fill
more street
This incident illustrates the lack of ac
commodation the Market-street system
extends to its hundreds of thousands of
patrons. Many are at a loss to under
stand why the company should issue
transfers either way on Filimore street
at Eddy and refuse them at O'Farrell
street, which is the continuation of the
Ellis-street line.
Another inconvenience to which passen
gers are put is on the Filimore and the
Devisadero street lines going north. Peo
ple who live in the immediate vicinity of
these lines have in some way learned that
if they patronize either of them they
may by the grace of E. P. Vinmg be trans
ferred to an eastward- bound car to reach
the ferry.
There is one branch of the system
known as the Sacramento street line that
runs east along Sacramento street, cross
ing both Devisadero ana Filimore streets.
That, of course, wouid be the most direct
line on which to transfer passengers who
ride on the lines of the two streets named
from the southern extremity. Does the
manager of the system allow them to
transfer at that point and save time in
reaching the ferry? No, that would be
too much convenience and too much
courtesy to the passengers. The pas
sengers on Devisadero street are carried
across Sacramento, Clay and Washington
to Jackson where they are transferred to
the cars of that line, which run down
that street to Steiner, to Washing.on, to
Stockton and then turn into Sacramento
and continue on until they reach the
ferry. This long round-about way in
volves a loss of nearly ten minutes' time
and is a rather ridiculous way of making
transfers.
After June 1 passengers who travel south
on the Montgomery-afreet bob-tail cars
arc to be deprived of another accommoda
tion." Transfers from the cars to the Mai
ket-street lino on cars going to the ferry
and from the Market-Street cars to the
Montgomery-street cars will be discon
tinued. A driver on one of these cars
when asked what that meant answered,
"Don't know, and I don't know what's
coming next^]
Struck an Old Woman.
August Laumeister, 16 ye%rs of age, was
arrested last night on a charge of battery. Tbe
NEW TO-DAY. ; fA ■:'■'■(
OPEN TO-NIGHT, FRIDAY^
MAY 29, FOR BUSINESS.
To-morrow being a NATIONAL HOLIDAY the great store will
remain closed day and evening and the Saturday Night Concert will be
omitted. We shall keep open to-night for inspection and BUSINESS and
hereafter on Saturday evenings until further notice.
Concert by the Emporium Orchestra, Mr. John Marquardt,
Director, To-Night, Friday, May 29, at 8 o'Clock.
: THE PROG%ACM. *
PART I. PART IF.
1. March, "Marceau" ' - - - Tlise 8. Overture, "Stradella" - Flotow
2. Overture, "The Hermit's Bell" , o. "Scbelm Amor" - - Eilenberg
4< - - ----- - - . . Adam 10. "Lorelcv" ->V- - - Nesvadba
). "Meditation" - - •Bach-Gounod' n. "Moment Musicale" ■- Schubert
4. " La Cinquaintaine" - - -''Marie 12. " Zenda" - - Witmark
5. , Walti, " Emperor" - - Strauss 13. -"Advance and Retreat of the ~
6. Polka, "Jeanette" - - - Fetras Salvation iArmy" "? '• Orth
7. Fantasie, "Carmen" - - - Bi{et 14. March, "Emporium" - Marquardt
st«r«i*:
Cs^ *£^^/Wket street,
<*^0^ PiWCISCO, (ALf
complaining witness is Mary Levsinsky, an
old lady, who lives on Bcrnal Heights. She
went to Lnumeister's father's house and the
boy struck her in the fece with his clinched
fist, rendering her unconscious. She was
taken to the City and County Hospital and
soon recovered.
•—• — • — •
SOLDIER ENDEAVORERS.
The Presidio Represented at a Concert
' Given at the First Baptist
Church.
The soldiers of the Presidio Christian
Endeavor Society were well represented at
the concert held at the First Baptist
Church last evening.
It was the desire of the Endeavorers to
give the right hand of welcome to the sol
dier Christians and cheer them on in their I
work among their comrades. Every mem- j
ber of the Presidio society received a ticket
for the concert and was met by a reception
committee as he entered the church.
An interesting programme was rendered
in the auditorium of the church, each
number of which was well received and
encored. Especially notable were the
selections given by the Knickerbocker
quartet, consistine of D. M. Lawrence, R. '
P. Evan?, D. B. Crane and L. A. Larsen.
D. M. Lawrence, who is gifted with an \
unusually fine tenor voice, sang, greatly j
to the delight of the audience, "The j
Clouds Are Gathering Darkly O'er Me."
After the programme was rendered a
general hand-shake and reception was
given to the Presidio Christian Endeav
orers.
» ♦ — »
FROM A BURNING BED.
An Old Colored Couple Narrowly Eg- j
cape a Frightful Death.
Otis H. Berge, special officer on Broad- i
way, has occasion to be elated that he is '
gifted with a keen sense of smell, as that j
endowment enabled him to save the lives I
of an old colored couple, who were lying j
asleep in a burning bed early Wednesday ]
morning.
Harvey Brown and his wife are the aged i
couple who so narrowly escaped crema- !
tion. They took up their abode in the j
Broadway House, corner of Broadway and j
Kearnv streets, several months ago. They '
were always considered an unusually cau- |
tious couple, and how the bedclothes be- i
came ignited is a mystery.
Bertie, when passing the house in which |
they reside, detected the scent of burning I
cloth. He entered the building and lo- I
cated a room on the first floor from which
the smoke was passing through crevices
around the door. He tried the door, but ■
found it securely locked, so nothing re- i
mained for him to do but to burst it in.
When this was done the smoke poured
out in volumes, which almost overcame
him. The straw bedding was blazing up
and belching forth volumes of stifling
smoke at intervals, and asleep in the
midst of all this, unconscious of the sur
rounding dancer, lay the old colored man |
and his faithful wife.
They were dragged out of bed without
ceremony, and recovered from the effects
of the poisonous smoke and their rude
awakening. . :
• ♦ — •
TRADES ALLIANCE.
It Unanimously Indorse* the New
Workingmen'ft Curd System.
The regular meeting of the Trades and
Labor Alliance was held last evening at
lIS'J Mission street, I. Less presiding.
Hereafter, 102 O'Farrell street will be
the place of meeting on Friday evenings.
G. B. Benham and William Costler were
seated as delegates from the American
branch of the Socialist Labor party.
The or. aiming committee reported that
at the next meeting of the alliance new
delegates from unions not yet affiliated
will present their credentials.
A general invitation was extended to
the unions to be present at the mass-meet
ing of the Barbers' Union, wnich will be
held on June 27, at 102 O'Farrell street,
for the object of shortening the barbers
hours of labor.
The workingmens 1 card system was in
dorsed by the alliance.
W. Rubel, organizer of the Co-operative
Order of Industry, spoke on the advan
tages of local and National co-operation.
At the next meeting the aims and objects
of the alliance will be discussed.
•—• — « — .
HANGED HIMSELF IN A BARN.
Decomposed Body of an Unknown Man
Digcovernd Last Kvening.
The decomposed body of a man was
found hanging from the rafters in Robin- i
son & Knox's hay barn, corner of Brady !
and Stevenson Streets, last evening at 6
o'clock by John Henessy, who was search
ing for a missing set of harness. The
coronor was notified and the body was re
moved to the Morgue.
Judging from the condition of the body
death had taken place fully three weeks
ago. The face was past recognition.
A number of people called at the
Morgue during the evening in hopes of
being able to identify the decomposed
body, bi.t after one glance at the blackened
features hastened away, not carin- to
remain long enough to note the wearing
apparel wiiich clothed the body. The
case was plainly one of suicide.
Tbe body was that of a man probably
about 45 years of age, of sandy com
plexion. It was dreised in a dark brown
coat and vest, dark gray trousers, black
negligee shirt, black polka dot tie and
lace shoes.
NEW TO-L AY— AMUSEMENTS.
THE CHUTES
Open Evenings During Pleasant Weather.
S ECIAL! SPECIAL!
TO-MORROW— DECORATION DAY,
Grand Display of Jkuiorial Fireworks
Ai 9:30 P. M-
BALLOON ASCENSION FOR THE CHILDREN
IN THE AFTERNOON,
Admission io Centa. Children B Centa.
?^^ TO-PAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER
A.L, Haymax & L'o. (Incorporated) Proprietor"
SKCOSD WEEK— MISS -
ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. Augusiln Daly.
TO-NIGHT anil Saturday Matinee,
A MiDSI'M R SIGHT'S DREAM.-
Saturday Kvening— Only Time,
LOVE ON CRUTCHES.
COMMENCING NEXT MONDAY
MISS
ADA Farewell
REHAN'S Week.
A GREAT REPERTOIRE.
Monday and Wednesday Evenings, Elaborate
Revival Shakespeare's
"TWELFTH NIGHT." ,
Tuesday evening and Wednesday matinee,
"SCHOOL, FOR SCANDAL."
. Thursday evening, great double bill—
•'THE HONKVMO'N," "BELLE'S
STRATAGEM."— Miss Rehan in 2 roles.
Friday cv?., Saturday matinee and Saturday evgv
"TAMING OF THE SHREW."
Miss Hehan's Farewell,
Seats now on sal? for ail remain! uc performances.
Monday, June 8-NAT C. GOODWIN in Thomas'
successful character comedy, "In Mizzoura."
~, if a ■ — L-
ntOLAJIOtR.OOTTL.OD i <?• l£»M A.lO MArtAdti; J ■ • •
Every Evening, Including Sunday.
Matinee Saturday. , . •.'■
••MISS HARUM SCARUM
MONDAY NEXT
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
. IN - ■■■'-■•':
"THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS!"
SEAT^NOW ON SALE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MB& £bnkBXINK Kkelino, Proprietor <£ Manama*
IjAST NIGHTS — —
Of the Operatic Production of
"UNCLE TOM'S
— 3NTEXT '\717"3E32315: :— —
Audran's Favorite Opera,
OLIYETTB !
"The Torpedo and the Whale I"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in A merle*,
WALTER MORO3UO. Sole Lessee and Managa:
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Last Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER
In the Stirring Drama,
"METAMORA
Not Seen in This City for Twenty-five Years.
>venin'j PftTf* MO ana ->>i
.Family Circle and Gallery. l'Jz.
Usual Alai'inee* Saturday and Suntlar.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
WE l X BEGINNING MAY 25th,
THE SENSATION OF THE CITY! —
McAvoy and May, Lizzie 11. Raymond,
Golden, Ch:»lfant and Golden and others.
Reserved Seats, -sc; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box seats, 50c.
Coming— Marvel, "The Vitascope."
SUTRO BATHS.
11EMORIAL DAY CELEBRATION
SATURDAY - - - - - MAY 30, 1896
MAGNIFICENT SERIES OF
ARMY and NAVY TABLEAUX.
All the Prominent scene*
Of Our American Wars
' Carefully Reproduced*
GRAND MILITARY CONCERT
By First. Regiment Band.
GENKKAL ADMISSION —
Adults, 10 Cents. Children, 5 Cents.
LADIES' DAY AT CENTRAL PARK. ~
. Afternoon and evening of May 30. Compli-
mentary benefit tendered' the .Alpha parties' iy-
dine Club. One hundred . men will race. Grand
display of fire works. Popular prices. Ladies tree.
~~ PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
* (Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
.-(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. Jl.
ADMISSION SI. OO.
Take Southern Facltic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. sc.
Fare for round trip, including admission 10 grand
stand, (1. Take Misdion-street electric Una dirucs
to track. . .. ■ '.'. ■;"_• .-.~-'. : .
A. B. 3PKECKKX4 W. H. LEAKS.
JTetidinfc B*cr«iarjk
78
ROBBED OF HIS
NEW TROUSERS.
J. B. Lankershim of Los
Angeles in a Trying
Situation.
TAKEN WHILE HE SLEPT
A North-Bound Pullman Sleeping-
Car the Scene of the
Outrage.
JOURNEYED WITHOUT HIS WIFE
Furnished Raiment to Get to His Hotel
in by One of the Train
Crew.
But for the opportune kindness of a
dining-car steward Banker J. B. Lanker
shim of Los Angeles would have come to
town in a barrel. As it was, he appeared
clad in an unimpeachable Prince Albert
coat and a pair of trousers, the shininess
of which was only relieved by an occa
sional grease spot, but poorly concealed by
the long skirts of the more respectable
garment.
On Tuesday last Mr. Lankershim packed
his grip and departed for tbe north on the
Southern Pacific train which leaves the
city of Los Angeles at 2p. m. It was the
first time in his twenty years of married
life that the banker ever traveled from his
southern home without being accom
panied by his wife. To th is circumstance
unfeeling friends ascribe the fact that be
fore he reached his journey's end he had
lost his self-esteem, what money he car
ried, and, sad to relate, his trousers. It is
a saying, commonly heard from the
mouths of the "gentlemen of the turf,"
alter a particularly unfortunate day of
speculation, that they have been bereft of
that useful article of wearing apparel, but
it remained for the Los Angeles banker to
really find himself in that unenviable pre
dicamtnt.
There was a most merry and distin
guished party aboard the sleeper in which
JSlr. Lankershim had engaged a berth.
Judge Ross of Los Angeles, ex-Judge Finn,
I'rivate Secretary McCabe of Governor
Budd's personal staff, with their respec
tive wives, and other ladies and gentlemen
were there. The banker was personally
known to nearly all of them.
The party lingered until late. The time
passed quickly with happy jest and story,
and it was close to cockcrow when "good
night" was said.
Mr. Lankershim had an upper berth at
the forward end of the car, and, after dis
robing, he hung his nether garment, in
tbe pockets of which was over $200 in coin,
on a hooK at the outer edge of his bed. In
the morning when he awoke he startled
the other inmates of the car by announc
ing that he had been robbed, not only of
his money, but of his trousers.
A thorough search of the car failed to
find the missing article 6t clothing, and
only resulted .in the discovery that another
passenger had lost his shoes. Then a
lady who had a lower berth opposite the
banker, and had been kept awake by sick
ness, explained the whole matter by re
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club. Eizhtyflfth day. Thursday, May aB, i 896. Weather fine.
• Track good.
1957 * 1HBT i^CE— Four lurlonss; maiden two-year-old allies; allowances; purse ( 400.
Index. Horse, weight. St. V* Va ■ *A *»"• Fin. Jockeys. Betting.
1216 Jerldelerlo 100 2 81 2% 1 3 Hhepard. 6 8
1223 | Kama Paula 100 1 . 22 1 xi 2 1, Martin./:"" 4 7-2
11.4 Laura Burl 99 7 4% 41 32 iPigcotl.. 6 In
1229 Widow Jones 100,4 6 f 63 I % H. Brown 6 5
Grandezia 110 5 13 31 5 i2 shields 15 15
1229 Dolce 100 3 6% ft i/ 2 6 1 Snider lH-in «*
1245 Vanish 105 6 7 if 7h 7h Coady. " 8 12
Installatrlx. ...... 115 8 81 8 1 82 McCIaln 10 an
1188 Row Magenta 97 9 10 9 9 10 W^^ 30 100
• ;siy 115 10 10 10 10 Maxey ":.:::;: 20 1 50
#4g stanlnK-gBte used. Won easily. Winner. W. Earps's b. f., by Rathbone-Mlss Melbourne. Time'
1258 SEC0:SD RACK and a sixteenth miles: selling; .three-year-olds and up; purse «400.
Index. ; Horse, age, weight. I St.. Std. Vi V* % 8tr. j Fin. | Jockeys. io^*" 1 "*!.
116» ;I'anM.S 102 5 .5 4b 43 4 3 lb™ Snider 7 "n
1247 l.ed Glenn. 5.. 113 1| 2% 32 32 2 h 2 y. c'oady I «
(1247) Instigator. 3. 100 2 I ST 2h 21 \y. 32 Mr » lain 8% -if
1247 Belle Boyd, 3 91 3 Ill 11 In 3f 48 Butler ]£ 5 i'%
1041 FUrttlla.4 107 4| 4 1% 5 |5 6 6 Boreman- "•".:::: lu 5 15
Tlnfe'S'^ USed " W ° D drlVlng - Wlnner ' J - Carroll's gr. c, by Imp. Keane-Gray Sail.
] OXQ THIRD KACJi - Six furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; allowances: purse 5400.
Index. | Horse, weight | St. Vi Vt \ 'A Sir. j Kin. Jockeys. Betting:.
! ! j '^p. t'L
1214 jSKalkalio 112 4 7% 5 114 lh Fell a Z
1066 La He.cha 107 5 6 4% 3 a* 22 Bozeman 10 in
Q?5i !«• 1 I S :::::::::: j 2
1149 Graciosa 97 12 12 1 12 ,11 9 J Weber*""" la In
1126 Minnie.... 100 14 14 2 18 10 Kovran " in oR
88 Yucatan II 107 ill E lh 2% 9 11 BeVacha"^"" ?n ?2
1202 hajah 99 11 101 10^* 10 12 fhtpwd P- — in q?i
1013 Rnaetia.. 97 13 :::::::: 15 15 14 13 McClSn ir Vk
1214 Von Dnnk 102 15 13 3 14 15 li Buuir 3R ]%
1149 Back Peggy 97 3 8^, 9 13 15 H? Bro wn^V. . ! ! . \f 0 lg
TlnKn^T 1 * B<e<L Won driving. Winner, W. ft Kandall's ch. c, oy Hyder All-Carrie a
1260. FOUKTH RACE-Four and a half furlongs;- selling: two-year-olds and upward; purse 400.
Index. Horse, weight. bu »4 Vi «4 • 8 tr. Fin. Jockeys. I Betting.
■ _^^^^ - Op* •. Ci.
(1196) Dura ..101 3 6 2 ~3 u, 2K. 1 n« o n M» : ~ _ .
1210 Howards 104 4 4 1 5 T l2 2 4 BeLurhk'mn ' o 6
(12 J9) Sweet William.. ..104 2 11 i_ Jf S U. m1«iJ ? P I 20
1186 Greyhurst...... 101 -....._% ly, 43 4^ Mcriii;- *S 8
'iga KStfBAS-JS i: ::::::: it ?f |S :::::: H 3
.■'■rSSa^-a S ::::::::i» {* I s j 1 Sliiri «
Btartlng-Kate used. Won driving, Winner, Pueblo statue's ch. f., py Racine-Imp. Berna. Time. ;5s!
1261 KIFTH RACE ~ sfx furlongs; •elllng; three-year-olds and up; purse f 400. ■ r T :
Ind. j Horse, age, weight. | St. \4 V4 % Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Betting.
121)5 JRiilnart. 3 104 6 ........ 3 h Tl Hi TnV" McOlaln 1 7
1167 Bueno, 4 109 3 6 V 41 48 2 8 |coady I a
(1222) Toano. a Ill 5 ........ 11% 23 2 1% 32 Shields i t-,1
(1208) Encino. 3 100 7 78 72 6 Vi 42 Martin on 1 V,5
1215 j.Mlssbentry.6....1O? 2.. 22 33 3% 5 1 Carroll a on
1179 Fiammlfer. 3 100 4 6h 64 ef 64 ne.olt * «,1 2?
294 Dancing Girl, 3.. M 8 ....... 8 8'* 72 78 . 8_fuh 60 \Jm
>■«!!.■ ..Ill 1 44 61 8 8 itowan::"V.;;." 2 So .QQ
116% rilllg g * teuso<lt W ° n drlvlng - Winner, George Ro_e'» br.c, by St. Carlo-Queen Alta. Time,
1 "^i)''^ 81XTU BACK— One mile; selling: four-year-olds and np; conditions; purse $400. "
Xudex. j Horse, age, weight. SU _%_ % «4 Btr. Fin. | Jtwkeyt. Op! ' li.
1225 All Smoke. 4 110 3 4h 3% 2% 12 1 3 jroidv ' ~o " ' — Z
811 Two Cheers 5.. ...116 1 In lh 11^ 22 22 u ?vr«i;i»""" i2 S
SSJ _sa__i-_r:}5! .,? li %i $ ik tii£g=:i ?5
1228 My Hweetheart.4.110 983 9 4 83 6? 6S i2 12
1287 FlMhllKht,4 115 4 51 4 b S2 73 6 1A Peterl b^ 60
1.07 -an Luis Rey, 5.116 7 81 78 71 82 7& q&"' i S * A } t
)241 iPolasKi, 6 116 8 10 8 10 10 10 6 -iw 8 2 Icuw :::::::::: ?r -
1221 | U.ike Stevens, a.. 119 S 2 1 2a 3 V4 5 1* 8 4 C 15 H
936 i ,emus,5.........n9 io 1. r / » « . 5'^S-;;;;;;;, f « |
l^JvT^ro'ke'dSwnl' ° D ea « u y- Winner. Lee Stephen's br. f., by 8ilk Gown-Ordnance. Time.
marking that two tramps had been
through the car shortly after the train left
Fresno. It seems that one of the brake
men of the train discovered a couple of
tramps on the roof of the car and forced
them to come down. He preceded them
on the trip through the cars to the front of
the train. The sick passenger had tbe
curtains of her berth drawn slightly aside
for tbe purpose of ventilation, and was
startled by the sudden appearance of the
rough-looKing party. Sue noticed that
the two tramps lingered a moment oppo
site her section, and hastily drew the
draperies together, not, however, before
she had noticed that one of the men was a
tall fellow wearing a small soft hat, and
that he walked with a l?rup.
The other was shorter, but being beyond
his companion was not so plainly seen.
Tbe men lingered only a moment, and as
they departed the taller one winked face
tiously at the porter, who at that instant
came up. Besides the trousers and money
Mr. Lankershim lost a silver cardcase
rom the pocket of bis coat.
The denuded passenger lingered long in
his berth that morning, his head stuck ont
between the drawn curtains, reviewing the
porters and brakemen ULtil he could find
one of the Lankershim proportions. The
only man who represented the banker had
on a greasy old suit, and he consented to
lend the lower half of it to the man of
money. Clothed in his spotless Willie
boy, his greasy, bag-kneed trousers and
toothpick shoes, the gentleman from Los
Angeles emerged from the train when it
arrived here and at once sought a tailor.
He promises to make things unpleasant
either for the Southern Pacific or the Pull
man Company, or both, if his losses are
not made gooa.
MILLIONAIRE OF SLOCAN
John M. Harris and His Queer
Silver Mine in the
Wilds.
The Mountains "Go Straight Up and
Down"— Bg Contract of the
Slocan Star.
John M. Harris, one of the rising young
millionaires of Salmon, In the Siocan min
ing country, fifty miles north of the Amer
ican boundary, is at the Palace. Mr.
Harris is the owner of the Reco mine.
The Reco is one of the great mines of the
new.district.
Last winter Mr. Harris shipped 350 cars
of ore from the Reco, which brought at
the Omaha and Grant smeltar $97,000. The
ore, he says, averages from 211 ounces to
some 800 ounces per ton in silver and from
25 to 70 per cent in lead.
"The mine is a true fissure." said Mr.
Harris last night "The vein cuts the
formation at a right angle and the forma
tion itself is porphyry and slate.
"Salmon is the terminus of a branch of
the Canadian Pacific and a branch of the
Great Northern, so that there are abundant
shipping facilities. The Camp Salmon is
new. I was one of th* very first to get
there. I arrived in 1892 and made a lot of
locations besides that of ihe Reco group,
which consists of four claims. I located
the Omega, the Madison and the Dead
Man group. The latter I have recently
sold.
"To my mind this part of the Slocan
country is the richest in America in silver
and lead. Were it not that the property
there was so rich we would be in the same
condition as the miners of Idaho, Mon
tana and elsewhere; we couldn't work the
mines at all. But as it is, the ore running
so heavy, we get along first rate and work
to a profit.
"Ihe camp lies at an altitude of about
•4000 feet, while most of the mines lie at a
height of 8000 feet. It is pretty near a
straight up-and-down proposition to get
to the mines. The Keco Jies two miles
away from camp, and we have to go up at
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
John M. Harris of the Reco Silver and Lead Mine, in the New Slocan Country, B. C,
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artitt.]
an angle of about forty-live decrees. I
have only attained a depth of about 300
feet on the Reco and am now employing
forty men. I have not put on a costly
plant and machinery yet, but will do so
this spring. I will also very largely in
crease the force of men.
"I suppose you have heard of (he Slocan
Star, which has been much talked about as
a big mine. It is a big mine, too, tboogb
I will not admit that it is the equaLof the
Reco, but its owners have done something
lately that will attract the attention of
miners over the world when they know of
it They have just made a contract with
the Omaha and Grant Smelting Company
to furnish the enormous quantity of 1500
tons a day for the long periodof eight
months. When you think of that and of
the immense amount of ore it will take to
fill this contract you will see in a way what
a prodigious property they have. The ore
in this mine is rich also, and its character
is similar to that of the Reco.
"What makes this ore so very rich in
silver are the sulphides that lie next to
the cubes. These sulphides are almost
pure silver, and when you get a carload of
the ore there are a good many hundred
pounds in it that are simply pure silver.
"I was a pioneer in Cocurd'AJene, and
had siven a pood deal of attention to
mining in a theoretical *ay prior to going
to Slocan, but I knew almost notning
about it practically, and since goins; there
I have had to learn it. Had some rough
times of course, but after all when I think
of the results which are eminently satis
factory to me, I look upon it nil as simply
nothing."
James F. Wardner, who was the owner
of the bip Bunker Hill and Suliivan silver
mine at Wardner. Idaho, was present, and
said there was a race between himself and
Mr. Harris to get the Reco. "That mine
was offered to me for fifteen hundred
dollars," said Mr. Wardner, "and I was
eoing to take it, but Harris got in ahead
of me, and he has to-day undoubtedly one
of the creaiest mines of the country."
The town of Salmon is about 2.50* miles
from Spokane. Mr. Harris will probably
oe here several days.
FaTora Home Industry.
A week or so ago the secretary of tbe Manu
facturers*' and Producers' Association of Cali
fornia wrote to Governor Budd requesting that
he use his influence to see that all public insti
tutions in preparing their bchedules for sup
plies insert a clause giving the preference to
articles of California manufacture.
Yesterday a reply was received from Sacra
mento from the executive secretary contain-
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day 1 * Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleside Track.
In races where the bones have no record »i ihe distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Aobreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong: • about.
tIKsT RACE— Une mile; selling.
— — | Best | ~ - ; ~" •
Index. | Name. ; Lbs record. Disc Lbs Tic. Owner. Pedigree.
IMS Orbltt.. 106 ....... I.... J. Brenoek OnekoFlotllla
iHl > ab °poliissar... 91 ........ •••••••• • .^ ... Klmwood stk farm Imp. Bruius-Gypsette
1249 i Model ..... 105 1:1*% 61 100 V... California stable... Imp. Sir Mo I red-Gypsy
(1239) J*ctc Richelieu. 114 1:43 1 m II- F... J. K ers Imp. Great Tom- In venom
(1240) Morven.. . . Ill .1 : l.M i at 128 £.. White A Clarke.... ! Imp. Chev!o:-Lurl!ne ■
V.I58 Key dl Pandldos 100 l:'j.~*i 7f tlOG F... . one Rtab o .p. True on-- ni Collier
1252 Joe 11.11 [ill, 1:01% 6f 1108, Jo^IUll i...:. j Kingston Lady Gotten
KECON'D RACE— Nine-sixteenths of a mile; maiden two-year-olds. "~~
: Best ] ; i ; j — . j -.
Index. i Name. Lbs record.! Diet. i Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1 -? .inflamreator.... 118 Klmwool stk farm ! Imp. Brut us-A riola "/.
}},l* Hal»«-r. 113 Burns aWaterhoose Imp. Martenhurai- Elsie 8
«*Z J-auraBurt 118 A. B. -preckel Imp. Hallownins-Zulelka
\Vt* • « lla " 113 ... Nevada stable ' El Rio Key-Addle o'Xell
i7,f,o ,V ? rtln "2 •■ Martin *McConnell Kl Rio Key-Florence A
1223 I o ? o '?. e 118 '■ '""'■ Brown Foi-Turqoolse
1212 Lady Hurst..... 116 \\\ Kapler Imp. Martcnburst-Cbcertal
THIKD RACE— Six furlong*: selling. ~~ : ■ _ -
j Best ! ~ ™ ~ : ; '
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. LbsjTIc. Owner. Pedigree.
1207 Kodegap ! 109 i^ m j H^ J. M. Bucklev H O'Fallan-Mattle
"*« TennMald 95 1:06% 6f 109 H.. Hope Glens^faVm £n MmeSS-Tenne^.
l-lf MoKa-:::: 95, i^- tip -^ u:: 1 w^T 1 .!!::;;::: lmn I'vrus-Neva
IMS Moll.eB.wn.... 05 1:04 6 f 108 li.. ... Wo,^':::;: Sln?ax -^ annoTflern.
}}~l ?° r Fl X ii : ; •—• — •— •■••• J.Weils Imp. Cheviot-Mutiny
iig Jt u ""I e ,, 9 * ?° n ' ec "tffl". '«: \i" A - B - «l>reckeU.... St. Saviour-Sardonyx
i^ui \n1 OU 'U §p: IS? M m 9 - 8 {•:••• K.Hinkleman. • Powhauan-Verna
]}** Al«haoad 109 1:32% 7» 98 II. \V. D. isandall Hyder All Floride
1«27 lmp.EndymIoa 87 Viet Harris.. ..;.;. Uuie Alp-Dolly
122, jimp. Endymlon 87J F. L. Harris Knterprlse-Sapientla
IOURTH RACE— furlongs; selling.
, . j I Best i ■ ' .
lt>6tx. Name. ; Lbs Record , Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedlcree.
1&2 «2i e i5Sf Bud<1 - i?? \'^MA Sit-. .?2k- 2 r ° wn stableTT Fresno- O
1-Hr l™wm in.}' 4 t^» f oS "•i^V- 8ach » '- Red Iron-K.nnle Johnson
}•*? ■freewill 85 1:02 III f)9 F... It. HiiKhes.. ■ 1-rop-n Fox-Trade Wind
I9«2 [-7.t;-p JWHl.JS^ 1 JW ?'■ FBr <»wn Hi. Kavio.ir-Klla T
lSlS wSSrJ 1M llSJi 2 f a oo k- :E U S U "»°'» -table.. Portland-FaniMl.
12 : >h sa?> M«i:« ion JiJlJ? a I ,?2't a - f- Mci)p rmott Imp. True Briton- Lilly 8
1254 no l^tn? Ill : ,- V * « J ift2 £>• ?* J5Iazer lp.dt. Blaise- Hound bance
J..IS • (iolil J5ug Ill 1:17 bf IOC F... J. Hunter l'ltubnre-Mollie S
it! S e ??? V 1^./ S \ ??? £>•• s««S«*«ii«:: :: Jm" aSmS-iSAo
»..?} i. a nJo . Si Irk 111 *». Odell stable. rererrtno-Lndv Foster
1173 & iw, j!?i S J II I"' «'»»«* "tittem: Fm".BrutuTSwaybac^
1225 T«r Rnrt^art.;' i V? i Its/ ? r >/• in? S"' Bn J n »* w at«rhouse FlambeaurTeardrop
1225 l«r and Tartar. Ill l;49% I I-JCm 104 Ka. A. O. Morris Hlndoo-Bmrnbaletta
FIFTH RACK— Half a mile: two-year-olds. ~ : ~ " T~ T~~~ \ " —
I Best
Index. . Nam«. Lbs record. Dliu Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
- B AT"" -••••' iSS !!° r^ - •••• •' 5 «>«ckf»nn BrTuus-Mollle It T~~
S.i-.LiVi"" }nt" HZ : — r T nf) * aterhouse Imp. Uarel.lu-Bravarla
LoranB «' na r£ - ¥ Lop » Bros Merrlwa-ilinnle B
'•; jfiZ&a"'""" lOfiSSr^" : A. W.Eno» Red iron-.Ister to Gibson
~m H a -j ar TobV n ::::: ivlZ r e C : :::::;:: :::: — t J-s kdi - ?"%r£Z% st Bay
1J.9 Sr^- |lU8|norec m m |... I Bohemian stable .. Mldlothlan-Lurllne
jj.j Horatio 1U8 no rec Bohemian stable .. AUdlothlftn-Lurllpe
SIXTH RACK— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile; three-year-olds.
index. I K » mfc j Lbs j report. !_nist_. Lbs |tIc.| Owner. Pedigree.
12ft9 Yuraian II..... 102 no rrc ; i j p ._,^. ~ ! ,. — .
1192 Tlie Sheriff 104 no real .. " "" K « f^Ll'""' " Invemess-1 olande
(1V59) Skalkabo 107 l:17Vb Of 112 F v " W li if.!?'. 1 , • f^ 80l V, l .' e A U H . „
1259 Amy Lee 102 no reS * j« m^' V daU Hyder All-Carrie O
(114») Monlgomery ... 104 1:17»A 6f 102 Fa' iin?n.*w ; " '*»Dtque-\ oltlffuer •
1236 Moutallade.'... 107 1:32U 7f 107 h r.J.n , V * lerh0 ««e Hanover-Blessing
(1232) Cadenza. , 10V 1:18 ' 8f 97 a" p ,Vhi« t0 1? table — Montana-Fusillades Last
1175 Carnation....... 102 1:10 ftiAf 107 f^" a v L";"*; — • ' lambean-Irish Lass
1215 Duchtss 103 1:01% 6? 01 ! f ' iiTV" 1 **'- •• Flambeau-Amelia
1178 Red Pike........ 104 ! 1:09 /4 , 5U, f ioV v' i- Vi?i ul l ' hre J r • • KU Corrlgan-Charlotte
1215 lOeonreC 104 1:10 !5i/» f «9 k" jn,,,,"- — George Kinney-Entreaty x
1142 HaielJD......... 102 1:12% 6Vhf 04 h" , ■ f ' arr Bramble- Lady Lou
1259 :Blnct Peggy. ...ilO'iino re? * 9 H " K»P"™ n D - Oeor«eKlnney-FllUway
1268 Miss Cuulnghm 102 no rec .■ ;..'.'." "" "-" Lon ma , n »M 8t * rn V- * u Pesgy
•>••• IjOne Btablo.. ...;.. Three Cheers-Marguerite
I mR the following: "As long aeo as June 5,
185)5, Governor Hudd wrote the ysiious mstl
| tuttons regarding the use of California prod
| ucts. And again, and prior to the writing ol
! your letter, the Governor communicated with
I the vnrious State institutions and requested
that they in«ert the following clauses in their
i schedules for supplies: 'No gpods will be ac
tepted that are made by convict labor outside
of the State of California.' 'Preference will be
given to goods m-anufactiired in California,
prices and quality to be considered.' I under
stand these clauses were inserted in the sched
ules for supplies advertised for by both State
Prisons."
TIRED OF LIVING,
John Cohan's Matter-of-Faot Way of
Shuffling Off This Mortal
Coil.
John Cohan, an invalid tailor, blew his
brains out yesterday morning in his room
at 1026 Jackson street.
Cohan has been verj ill for a long while,
and the inmates of the house in which he
lived were not astonished when they
heard the reports of two shots coming
from his room.
The first shot was a test one, as it were,
it being fired at the wall. The second
entered the victim's Drain.
Cohan was a single man, 27 years of age,
and a native of Austria. Several days ago
he destroyed all his letters and private
papers.
Written on the sheet on bis bed was the
following:
Oh, lam tired of living! If anything hap
pens to me, 1 leave all my property to John
Ketussing.
■ — •—•• — •
MURDER IN HIS MIND.
:\n insniK- Colored Man Waiting to Kill
the "Examiner'a" Manager.
John Williams, a colored laborer, stood
in front of the Examiner office on Market
street and Grant avenue last night with an
open knife in his hand. He told every
body that the manager had a gun to kill
him, and he meant to have the manager's
blood.
Policemen F. Cassin and P. Butler cam*
along, and as Williams was evidently
crazy they took him to the Receiving Hos
pital. Dr. Fitzgibbon, acting under in
structions, refused to give him accommo
dation in the hospital, as all the padded
cells were occupied.
Williams was taken to the City Prison,
where he had to be locked up in a cell with
other prisoners till room could be found
for him in the hospital.
MANY CLOSE HUSHES.
A Rare Day of Sport—Reopen
ing Day at Ingleside
Track.
THBEE FAVORITES GET PURSES
Dura, tie Daughter of Racine, Creates
a New Track Record — Ruinart
Beat Bueno a Nose.
Ingleside track threw open its gates yes
terday for the final meeting of the racing
season. The popularity of "ladies' day"
was attested by the well-filled grand
stand ; not as large a throng, perhaps, as
on some former occasions, but this fact
can be attributed to the weather, which
was just a trifle too cooling for an ideal
racing day. The music, usually served
out at the old track in very limited quan
tities, and only on state occasions, added
to the pleasure of the time.
The sport was excellent. Close finishes
characterized the racing, and Judges Wil
son and Leake were kept busy separating
horses that passed the wire in nose fin
ishes.
Six events were decided, of which num
ber first choice in the betting ring captured
three. Snider carried off the riding hon
ors, landing two of the winning horses.
One of the prettiest and most exciting
finishes was that at the termination of the
four and a half furlongs dash for members
of the two-year-old division. Coming
from behind, Dura, the game daughter of
the popular old sprinter, Racine, nosed out
the 15 to 1 chance Howard 8, covering the
distance in 55 seconds, which now stande
as the track record for Ingleside. The
winning filly was a 6 to 5 favorite in the
betting.
Another very close thing was the battle
royal Detween Kuinart and the black horse
Bueno at the end of the fifth event on the
card over six furlongs. Backed from twos
to even money favoritism Ruinart :iad
raced Toano off his legs by the time the
bend for home had been reached. McClain
on the leader now flattered himself that he
had the race well in hand, but was nearly
nipped out by Bueno, who came like a
ghost the last furlong, and was beaten but
a nose.
Dolce, the sister of Crescendo, performed
most disappointingly in the opening four
furlong dash for two-ye*ar-olds. tent to
the post a 6 to 5 choice, she showed little
speed and finished back amonc the also
ran. Jerilderio, a smart filly by Rathbone,
with post odds of 8 to 1 about her, headed
Santa Paula in the stretch, winning easily
by three lengths in :49J^. The latter
youngster took the place from Laura Burt
in a hard drive.
Five started in the mile and a sixteenth
run, decided under selling conditions with
the Elm wood stock farm entry Instigator
a prime even money choice. Belle Boyd
commanded substantial backing at 616 1 to 2,
as did Red Gien. the third choice. Paros,
the iron gray conundrum, remained at 7 to
1 throughout the betting and proved the
surprise party. Belle Boyd mad 9 the run
ning to the bend for home trailed by
Instigator, when she had enough. Red
Glenn soon passed Instigator and put his
friends in jubilant spirits, when Snider
brought Paros along fast on the outside,
and in a drive between the pair the gray
gained the verdict by a bead in 1:49.
W. D. Randall's string of Montana
horses appear to have struck a great win
ning gait of late, and scarcely a day passes
that the capable and etlicient handler of
Marcus Daly'- string does not receive the
congratulations of his friends. Skalkaho
with Fell upstarted a 2 to 1 favorite over
the other fourteen starters in the six
furlong spin for maiden three-year-olds,
and after getting away well and falling
Dack in the bunch again wended nis way
to the front and caught the eye of the
judges a head before La Flecha, 10 to 1
shot.
After losing several races through being
piloted by incapable jockeys, the good
mare, All Smoke, at last gained winning
brackets in the final race of the day, over
a mile, with fourteen selling platers toeing
the mark.
Flashlight backed down from 8 to 5 to
evens wa? in great demand, but had evi
dently slipped his muzzle, for he never
appeared overburdened with speed, failing
to earn a mark. Two Cheers, an outsider,
backed down from 25 to 0 to 1, showed the
way into the stretch and looked a probable
winner until well on toward the wire, but
was ontfooted at the end by All Smoke,
who won quite easily by three lengths.
He had second call at 2 to 1 in the opening
betting, but receded until 3 was laid as the
bugle announced poto t time.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
Remus, theElmwood stock farm's entry
in the last race, broke down, tne black
horse limping In on three legs.
Widvw Jones, the entry of D. J. Tobin
in the opening scramble for two-year-old
maidens, does not appear to be running in
as good form as some days ago. Mr. Tobin
was much elated ovpr the victory of his
mare America on Wednesday, and as he
is a newcomer on t!ie turf it is to be hoped
his colors will often be seen in the front.
Grandezia led her field into the stretch
in the opening event, full of run, and
should be close up at the finish about the
next time she starts.
Dolce made a very poor showing yester
day. She looked slick and glossy as a
piece of satin going to the post". Her
yearling brother is said to greatly re
semble his illustrious full-brother, Cres
cendo, in size and conformation.
One of the prettiest pieces of horseflesh
for many miles around, it is said, is the
suckling filly from the tine race mare
Princess*, claiming as her paternal parent
the unfortunate Yo El Key, who was
badly cut down after winning his maiden
race, some months ago. The young miss,
with her dam, who are the property of
Millionaire Charles L. Fair, have been
quartered at the Bay District track.
Broad Billow was cut ioose in the third
event for a mild killing. Without inter
ference the seliiing would have been much
closer up at the linish.
Judging fioni his performance, the va
cation Rey del Tierra has been enjoying
has not materially improved his speed
qualities. If it hud been a sack race he
might have stood a chance.
Greyhurst, in his race, was unfortunate
in getting away from his post poorly,
which militated acainst his chances.
The Mars Murder Case.
The defense in the Mars murder case was
short. Dunne, one of the defendants, was
called to the stand, and he was asked if he had
struck Mars. Dunne said "no," and after a
few more questions of a similar nature be was
taken from the stand, and ihe defense was
closed. He vras the only witness.
All the afternoon the case was argued, and
this morning the jury will be charged and the
case will be submitted.
HEW TO-PAT. '
INFANTHEALTir
SENT FREE
A little book that should be in every
home. Issued by the manufacturers
oc the
Gail Borden Eagle Brand
Condensed Milk
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
71 Hudson Street, Hew York
NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS.
GIGANTI G SPECIAL PURCHASE!
6000 DOZEN
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S
HANDKERCHIEFS!
To-day we place on Special. Sale a Gigantic Purchase of Hand-
kerchiefs at figures that make this A MOST FAVORABLE OPPOR-
TUNITY TO REPLENISH SUPPLIES in this direction for they
were bought at such A PRODIGIOUS DISCOUNT FROM MANU-
FACTURERS' COST that we are enabled to offer them
AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE !
innfK GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND * m
IUUU KERCHIEFS, regular price |l 50 per dozen! wlll£ PofSrt??t )5C
U07 ' en < .........j Each
innfH GENTLEMEN>S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED WANT) \ n\
Dozen KERCHIEFS, regular price $2 per dozen, will be offend ail 6JC
ozen { ) Each
00' GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND! n\
OUU KERCHIEFS, regnlar price $2 50 per dozen, wUI bf offfrtd £1 7&
Dozen ( j Each
700 J GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND- ) 1 A,,
I \J\J ) KERCHIEFS, regular price $3 per dozen, will be offered at IWO
Dozen • ) Each
700 GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND- >-« Ol
.4 UU ) KERCHIEFS, regular price $3 50 per dozen, will be offTrtd at } 12&
Dozen t •••• j Each
OAA (GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND-l'it*
OVUJ KERCHIEFS, regular price *4 per dozen, will offered at 1 lOC
Dozen ( J Each
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
1000 (LADIES' WHITE EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, regular) K«
J. \J\J\J J price $1 50 per dozen, wiil be placed on sale at.... > OC
Dozen ( '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.) Each
EMBROIDERIES AT HALF PRICE !
5000 1 EMBROIDERIES ' regular price 10c a yard, will be placed on sale at) Kp
Yards ( '.'... .'!.'.*!."."!."!*.".*.'! ;;;.'.*.*.t.';:::;;:;; :::::::::::::::::;;;:::;;;::::) Yard
STORE CLOSED SATURDAY, DECORATION DAY.
/f/)}^^ MURPHY BUILDUP /
(/(/ firbt strut, corner of Joigs, /
JS-AJN" FR.AJSTOISOO.
JUNE NUrIBER |^|]
UARPER'S
■ " Contains:
A The first part of a new serial by
John Kendrick Bangs
entitled "A Rebellious Her-
Rome." With illustrations by
Smedley.
The Greatest Painter of
P Modern Germarjy is the title of
an appreciative paper on Adolf
flenzel by Dr. Charles Wald-
E stein. Illustrated with examples
of the artist's work.
An out-door flavor is imparted
RI to this issue by
The second of Howard Pyi.e's
papers, describing an unconven-
Stional journey Through Inland
Waters, charmingly depicting life
on a canal and including " Lake
Champlain, with many illustrations
by the author ; and
The Ouananiche
And its Canadian Environment,
M which is an enthusiastic paper on
UWI the delights of fresh-water-salmon
fishing in Quebec, by E. T. D.
Chambers. There are also illus-
Atrations of typical fishing-waters
and of the hill country in whose
rapid streams the ouananiche waits
Gfor the sportsman.
. . -"-?,"■' '•■■.- -:- ■■",■■ " :•-■"':'•'■"'• ■•■'
Dr. Andrew Wilson of Edin-
burgh will present, in a paper bear-
Aing the suggestive title
The Battle of the Cells,
. an interesting and popular discus-
"W sion of the germ theory of disease.
A Visit to Athens
Bis a vivid descriptive sketch by the
Rt. Rev. William Croswell
Doane. The illustrations are by
Guy Rose.
|^fl • Short stories by Mary E. Wil-
kins, Brander Matthews,
m James Barnes, etc., etc.
C NOW READY
Harper & Brothers, Publishers, New York
PHOTO MOUNT and card MTG. Co.
Dealers in Cardboard.
MANUFACTURERS OF
PHOTO MOUNTS
CARDS OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS,
EMBOSSINQ..
RAGGED EDGING, ETC
ARTISTIC SOUVENIRS
PROQRAnnES, nENUS.....
LABELS, SHOW CARDS, ETC..
COR. OF CLAY AND 81S80ME
OOSMOPOIiITAKT,
Opposite V. 8. Mint. 100 and 102 Fifth su, Saa
raucisco, — The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, $1, 91 25 and 91 50 per
flay, according to room. Meals 'J sc. Hcoias, S>Oj
» nd 750 a day. -. Jfre* coacn to and from the Hotel.
Look for the coach be»" "8 the name of - the Co*-
aopoiltau Hotel. WIL FAHBV. Proprietor
PHILADELPHIA M M
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERII
\ $1.00 Ij
DON'T THAT FENCE HDRT
our trade ?— ls a question we are asked every
day. and ouransvter is: Perhaps it does, but you
see we are offering such bargains, and giving such
inducements to onr customers that they are more
than pleased to walk around the obstruction, and
in consequence oar business is more than holdine
its own. Werecoanize the fact that we must mil
cheap if we wish to do business and we are selling
Shoes and Oxford* cheaper than they were ever
Offered before in this city. This week we are sell-
in? Ladies 1 Russei Oxfards, with Pointed Toes »nd
Tips and Hand-turned Soles, for SI. OO. We have
them in C, D and X widths. y "
We have a solid wearing / I s-i j — t
line of Misses' Dongola M*> I fJCj
Kid Button Shoes, with % **"*"» >^T^— 1 *
Patent Leather Tips and i ■ l^*^
Spring Heels, which we ■ I < /
will sell ior 81. 00 per \~tr \
pair. They fit well, wear ■ ' I -S\ I
well, and are well worth Jp>Jl ' \
much more than we are y VI
asking for them. ■We >^ \}S' »
carry them D and X wide. _^^4*\!*i*Z Js
tST Country orders solicited.
asr Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO
10 Third Street. San FrancUco.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A fine Ranch situated in Sutter
County, Ca!., of fruit and general
farming; 300 acres in fruit, 250
acres in hay and vegetables. The
owner will exchange this fine
place for good business property,
as his business is such that he
cannot attend to the ranch. For
particulars apply to
ED. P. HUSTON,
Woodland, Cal.
THESICCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
— Ob\ THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
open until MIDNIGHT.
.'..■• . IRON BEDS,
**J ■■" i <— BRASS BEDS,
Wj < FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair Mat.
" . tresses, Kecli nln*
ffiiL H Chairs, Wheel Chairi
IT '■•-•.--'.- m Commodes, Back Reau
jijil \ ' "'?! w A - schroci *.
■**< 51 ===» . New Montgomery
m •■ "^ • iJt , St., under liraud
Hotel. S. V.
Weak Men and Women
QHOCLD USE UAMI4NA BITTERS THiS
&S3 sss&jnsu iZ S£u aADVOCATING THE
NEW CHARTER,
Merchants Preparing to In
sure a Fair Count of
the Ballots.
THE DIRECTORS ELECTED
James D. Phelan Declares Him
self Against the City
Government.
"IT COULD NOT BE ANY WORSE"
Better Paved and Sprinkled Streets
Demanded and Bonds Wanted for
Sewers and Lights.
President P. W. Dohrmann opened the
second annual meeting of the Merchants'
Association last evening in Kohler <fe
Chase Hall.
Among other thinps pessimistic which
he had to say about the city government
he regretted that so simple a matter as
cetting a directory in the City Hall should
oblige fifteen directors to make several
trips to the Supervisors' chambers, and
then only with the result that misunder
standings prevailed and that tbe object of
these visits was not attained. They had
succeeded in some small things, however,
and that was some little consolation.
He spoke of the levy, that had been made
for the purpose of sprinkling the streets,
and he was sorry to say that the work
had not been done, but that the fund had
been diverted to other uses.
President Dohrmann announced among
the agreeable things that during the past
two months 110 firms had joined the asso
ciation as regular members. Among the
good points possessed by the proposed new
charter was the fact tuat it would reduce
the tax levy and limit the rate of taxation
to fl 17 on the $100 valuation. The bond
ing of the City for sewers, pavements, etc.,
is made clear by the new charter, and pos
terity, which will enjoy most of the bene
fit, will be required to bear its pro rata of
the expenses.
The report of the board of directors con
tains the following:
A year ago the membership of the flssocia
tion was 214. To-night the rolls of the Mer
chants' Association comprise 443 regular
members, showing a gratifying increase dur
ing the past year of 229 members. As each
business firm represents but one member, and
most of the firms contain several partners anil
many employes, tne actual number who belong
to and co-operate wiih the association exceeds
4000.
Uniform and systematic sprinkling of the
streets of this City was taken up by the Mer
chants' Association in conjunction with street- j
sweeping. Our nigh Eummer winds and the :
*andy nature of the soil of this peninsula !
laukii it clearly apparent that street-sprink- j
ling in Sun FrancifcCo is as much a public |
necessity us ilreet-sweeping. It is, therefore, i
property a municipal function, and should be j
performed by the City for the preservation o» j
the health and comfort of the inhabitants. '
According":; .-.ions for sprinkling have I
been embodied with those for cleaning the !
public streets. It now remains to be seen
whether the Supervisors will awaken to the
. proper needs of our municipality, and provide
the uniform and systematic sprinkling of our
streets as prevails In every progressive city in
the L'nion.
The disgraceful condition of many of the
leading thoroughfares of San Francisco is
a merited reproach to our community. Noth
ing is more detrimental to the progress and
prosperity of this metropolis. The earnest ef
forts of your board of directors have been I
given to this important subject. The Street ;
I tment assigns its inability to repave our j
principal streets to the depleted condition of
the public fund*.
Renewed efforts will be made during the
coming fiscal year to have the abominable
cobbles in our downtown streets replaced with
improved noiseless pavements. The present
•ire system of this City's government pre
vent: any elaborate plan for repaying the
principal streets of this City. It would cer
ttiln 1v b? unwise to repave our main thorough
fares until a i.r.>]K.T system of sewers contain
ing neeeexsHry oondalta had been provided
for. This can only be effected by bonding the
1 :"y for a sufficient sum, so '.hat the burden
»ill not fall altogether on the taxpayers of the
City, but will justly be distributed tor forty
years to cone. The taxpayers of San Frnn
eisco will never consent to the bonding of the
City under the present defective system of
municipal government.
The brjard earnestly recommends the better
illumination of the streets and parts. It has
become apparent that a change of system in
our City government is most imperatively de
manded. Careful study of the proposed new
charter conclusively proves that it is infinitely
superior to the present obsolete and complex
government of San Francisco.
The secretary was instructed to cast the
ballot of the association for the following
named fifteen directors, and they were de
clared elected for the ensuing year:
A. S. Baldwin, Charles Bundschu, James 8.
' onweli, \Y. Q. Doane, F. \V. Dohrraann, Wil
liam Doxey, A. G. J. Futenot, Henry D. Keil,
Manfred S. Kohl berg, Henry Michaels, R. F.
O.sborn, M. A. Rothschild, Joseph Simonson,
Vanderlynn Stow, Frank A. Swain.
The following committee was appointed
to wait npon the Election Commissioners
and the Registrar and urge upon them the
importance of placing the words, "For the
New Charter" and "Against the New
Charter," at the head of the municipal
portion of the ticket.
Josepli Britton, president of the Board of
Freeholders; .lames D. Phelan, president of the
Sau Francisco Association of Improvement
Clubs; Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce; I. J.Truman, president of the
Civic Federation; Hujro L>. Keil, director of the
Merchants' Association.
Secretary Freud read a plan of action
with reference to the adoption of the new
charter. He suggested that it was certain
that all the precinct officers to be named
by the officials would be opposed to the
adoption of the charter. He added:
It is absolutely necessary for the friends of
the charter to insist upon having some of the
election officers in each precinct favorably
disposed to the adoption of the charter. If
that is not permitted, then faithful aud vigil
hnt watchers for the new charter should be
stationed in each election booth to see that
(.•very vote polled for the charter is honestly
countea and tallied.
Permit mo to suggest plan of accomplish,
ing this result by the volunteer services of the
friends of the new charter. Nearly all the
members of the Merchants' Association have
many employes. There are 293 election pre
cincts in Han Francisco. Let each member of
the Merchants' Association permit one or
more of his faithful clerks or employes to act
as election officers or watchers, by , this sim
ple plan of having the watchers relieved at
regular intervals the friends of the charter
could feel assured that every vote polled in its
favor has been accurately and honestly
counted. It would be a patriotic service ren
dered this City that would merit the gratitude
of generations to come.
It was also suggested that the friends of
the new charter should see to it that a
majority of all the Senators and Assembly
men in the next Legislature will not defeat
the charter after its ratification by the
people of this City. Secretary Freud ad
vised also the holding of mass-meetings in
favor of the charter.
C. B. Perkins of the Civic Federation
moved that each friendly organization be
requested to appoint two delegates to form
an executive committee for the purpose of
attending to the interests of the proposed
charter during the coming campaign.
Jamos D. Phelan spoke in favor of tne
motion of Mr. Perkins. He evoked a round
of applause by remarking that San Fran
cisco had no government worthy of the
name.
Mr. Perkins' resolution was adopted
unanimously.
S. H. Kaufman, a florist, read a paper in
which he urged the removal from the
street corners of the venders of flowers
who ply their vocation to the great injury
of florists who pay rent, taxes, etc He
recommended that the association call
upon the Chief of Police to rid the streets
once and forever of these "foreign pests."
Mr. Kaufman waxed quite poetical and
wound up with a grand flourish. Where
upon tome one made a motion to lay Mr.
Kaufman's paper on the table, and it was
so ordered unanimously amid laughter.
A resolution indorsing the action of the
Board of Health in their efforts to prevent
the adulteration of food was presented by
Isadore Jacobs.
The resolution was referred to the board
of directors of the Merchants' Association
and the meeting thereupon adiourned.
THE COMING FETE.
List of Golden Gate Carnival Commit-
tee! Appointed I,nst .Evening by
General TVarfleld.
The headquarters of the coming carnival
of the Golden (.iate will be at room 14, on
the second floor of the Mills buiiding,
where Recording Secretary General S. W.
Backus will be in attendance every after
noon from 2 to 4 o'clock and Correspond
ing Secretary Henry I. Fisher every even
ing from 7 to 9.
An important meeting of the executive
and finance committees will be held in the
assembly room of the Mills building at 4
o clock Monday evening, at which time an
outline of the programme of the carnival
will be proposed.
The ways and means of raising funds for
the celebration will also be considered. In
accordance with the resolution adopted at
the last meeting held in the Baldwin
Hotel, General Warrield has announced
the following carnival committees:
California day— L. R. Ellert (chairman),
Henry C. Gesford, Martin Stevens, Justice C.
H. (iarroutte, Carroll Cook, E. M. Root, Henry
B. Kuss, W. B. Farwell, Henry Luustedt, Cap
tain S. J. Loup, Frank J. Kierce, Colonel A.
Andrews, B. E. Henriksen, Peer Tiffany, Dr.
James Simpson.
Tribunes and grand stands— Colonel George
Stone (chairman), Frank McQuarde, George H.
Pippy, Frank T. Shea, D. H. Bibb, A. W. Wil
son, C. F. Curry, Colonel C. L. Taylor, Joseph
King, C. K.Benjamin, William Cro'nan.
Illumination of streets nnd buildings— S. H.
Tracy (chairman), H. H. Taylor. J. B. Steuon,
P. P. Cornwall, J. B. Crockett, Charles Miller,
F W. Eaton.
A Beqnlem Mass.
A requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of the souls of the deceased members
of Pioneer Council No. 1, Youiir Men's Insti
tute, at old St. Mary's Church to-morrow (Deco
ration day). All members of the Young Men's
Institute and the families and friends of the
deceased members are invited to be present.
Mass will commence at 9:30 o'clock sharp.
THEIR SILVER WEDDING.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
Gives Honor to Its
Leader.
California Hall Made the Scene of
Joy by the Sons of Her
mann.
California Hall, on Bash street, pre
! sented an animated spectacle last night,
i It was elaborately decorated with a series
of streamers, running from the center to
: all sides of the building and draped along
i the walls. An abundance of potted plants
f and cut flowers were on the stage, where
i the Verein band had been stationed.
The occasion which brought all this
! about was the silver wedding of Mr. and
\ Mrs. Henry Prien, in whose honor the San
i Francisco Scliuetzen Verein had assem
i bled. Mr. Prien being the leader of the
] Verein band, had made himself a host of
I warm friends among his countrymen.
I Hence it was that the ball was crowded
with the Schuetzens and their families.
After the grand march the assembled
guests circled around the center table,
where D. B. Faktor, president of the
i Verein, made the presentation address,
, accompanying which was a case of solid
■ silver dinner service. To this mark ot es
j teem and respect from his friends Mr.
Prien feelingly responded. On behalf of
; the ladies Mrs. John Thode presented
Mrs. Prien with an elegant bronzeclock
| and statue. To this an appropriate re
sponse was made by the recipient, who,
! surrounded by her six children, tne Rev.
■ Mr. Buehler, who united her to her hus-
I band twenty-five years ago, and a host of
warm, personal friends, looked the pic
ture of happiness and contentment.
The arrangements of the entertainment
in its details were perfect, for which Cap
tain John Bolts, H. F. Maas and Lieuten
ant John Thode received the congratula
tions of those present.
After the presentations had been made
John Lankenue took charge of the floor
and directed the dancing until the sup
per hour was announced. Then all toek
their places around the festive board and
enjoyed themselves, as the Germans know
how, to their heart's content.
•—♦-—•• — ♦-— •
THE SEVENTEENTH YEAR.
Tha Order of Chosen Friends Cele
brttteß Itn .Niit.il Day.
The seventeenth anniversary of the Order
I of Chosen Friends was duly celebrated by
a grand ball at B'nai li'rith Hall last night,
I at which the following reception commit
j tee took pains to make the affair a decided
success:
Mrs. S. Schnck (chairman), Mrs. M. O'Brien
; Mm. McWieraon, Mrs. M. J. Baccus, Mrs.
i Boehm, Mrs. <;. Bw«eney, Mrs. Ebert, Mrs. Mo
! rais, Mrs. B. Crabb, Miss Brldgewood, Mrs. S.
i Krue^er, Mrs. Anderson, Mrs. Cunuinghnm
j Mrs. Tamer, Mrs. Kase. Mrs. Brickwedel, Mrs'
'. E. Trewin, Mrs. I'orter.
T. H- O'Brien had charge of the floor,
i and had for his aids Fred Zimmerman,
Alex McPherson, \V. N. Brunt, 8. N. Da
vidson, R. J. Hellman, Charles Weiner, F.
A. Tavlor, F. W. Gibson, F. Übhaus and
M. Marks.
An address on the prosperous condition
; of the order was delivered by Past Grand
Commander W. H. Hutton, after which
the members and their invited friends in
dulged in dancing until the early morning.
The McKnefer Murder.
Peter Ducy, charged with the murder of his
aunt, Miss Kate McKeeier, 917 Howard street,
Wednesday night, appeared in Judge Camp
bell's court yesterday morning. The cage was
continued for a week pending the result of the
Coroner's inquest.
N«.t Too Previous.
The News Letter is out today and it's
just as bright as the brainiest reader would
desire.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
THOMAS BURNS. PRESIDENT OF THE FRUIT AND POULTRY ASSOCIATION.
THE FRUIT AND
POULTRY MEN,
Their Excursion to San
Jose Will Take Place
May 31.
PLAN A PLEASANT TRIP.
The Commission Merchants and
Others Have Contributed
Valuable Prizes.
REDUCED FAEES ALLOWED.
Twenty-Five Cars Hive Been Engaged
for the Event— A g O'clock
Start.
The Fruit and Poultry Dealers' Pro
tective Association of San Francisco was
organized less than a year ago, and now
contains 390 members, representing 218
firms. The organization was formed to
protect the dealers in fruit and poultry
from irresponsible customers and for the
further purpose of making collections
promptly and with equal promptness to
pay bills.
The officers of the association are:
Thomas Burns, president; M. Sambelli,
secretary ; Frank Curtoni, treasurer, and
J. Witt, chairman of the executive com
mittee.
The members of the association have
resolved to take an outing on May 31, and
J. WITT, CHAIRMAN OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
on that day San Jose will be visited. The I
Bouthern Taclfic Railroad Company has
made a special .round-trip excursion rate
of $1 for adults and 50 cent s for children, i
Twenty-livo c ars nave been engaged to j
carry tfl« excursionists, and thorough ■
preparations bave been made for an en- I
joyabie time. It is the purpose of the I
me ra bets to take with them on the trip
their wives and daußhters.
The train will leave the depot at Third i
and Townscnd streets at 9 o'clock a. m., |
and, returning, leave San Jose at 5 !
o'clock p. M.
The commission merchants of Snn Fmn- !
Cisco who are in close touch with thn asso- I
ciation, believing that its objects are com
menclable, have purchased a large number
of excursion tickets.
To render the outing more agreeable and
to enlsren the proceedings at the San Jose
pavilion many valuable prizes will be
distributed through the chance turn of the
wheel of fortune. The prizes have been
contributed by enterprising and generous
merchants of this City. The list of prizes I
embraces some valuable as well as many I
unique articles.
ANOTHER CLUB.
Young Republicans or the Forty-First
Organize for the Campaign.
A large and enthusiastic meeting was held
corner of Fillmore and Francisco streets,
last evening, by the young Republicans of
Golden Gate Valley, who organized them
selves into what will be known as the
Young Men's Republican Club of the
Forty-hrst Assembly District. .,. ,
Considerable enthusiasm was displayed,
the roll being signed by eighty-odd stanch
Republicans.
Following are tbe officers: Joseph W.
Woods, president; Charles W. Wilkinson,
secretary: B. J\ Wilkinson, treasurer;
Thomas" W. Kolette. sergeant-at-arms.
Executive committee— Robert Clark,
Charles Burdette, Jobn Johnson, Thomas
W. Rolette, Richard Rice, D. M. Jacket,
James Tavlor.
On tbe first Wednesday evening succeed
ing the nominations of the Republican
National Convention a grand rally will
be given, at which occasion Frank M.
Powers, George A. Knight and other
prominent speakers will be present.
A MISSION MARRIAGE.
Lee Sing and Miss Leong, Two Chris-
tian Chinese, Wedded Last
Evening.
Last evening Lee Sing and Miss Oy Yoke
Leong were married at the Methodist Mis
sion, 819 Washington street. The services
were performed by Dr. T. J. Masters of the
Mission, in thn presence of a large number
of American and Chinese guests of both
sexes.
The bridal couple are members of the
Mission, well educated in the English
language and prominently known among
the Chinese Christian people of this City.
After the ceremony the guest*; were
served with refreshments, after which Mr.
and Mrs. Lee Sing went through the
ordeal of receiving in two languages with
becoming fortitude.
The groom was attired in the ordinary
silk costume of his countrymen, from
skull-cap to brocaded shoes. His bride
was dressed in an outer coat of apple-green
brocaded Mlk, with »;old trimmings; skirt
of -ilk lavender, brocaded, and trousers of
Dlue satin, edged with gold brocade. Mr.
and Mrs. Sing will hold a reception to-mor
row at SlO Jackson street.
ARE NO LONGER SLAVES.
Two Chinese Women Kaeape From a
Bartlett-Street Den.
While fisnn Go and Lucy King, yonng
and comely Chinese women, inmates of a
Bartlett-street den, were taxing a stroll
last Wednesday evening they concluded
to flee from their disreputable surround
ings and take up their abode in the Pres
byterian Chinese Mission.
They were guarded by an old and trusty
servant of Wing 80, proprietor of the
house, but nevertheless they managed to
carry out their intentions and made good
their escape.
They called at the mission and were
welcomed to their new home.
When Wong Bo learned that he had lost
two of his prettiest girls he swore out war
rants for the arrest of the young women,
charging them with jrranu larceny. They
were arrested, and in spite of their
scream?, tears and expostulations were
taken to the California-street station and
detained to await examination before the
Police Court.
Mis 3 Cuibertson of the Chinese Mission
will be on hand at the trial, and in case of
an acquittal, which is inevitable, as there
is no evidence against the girls, will t;ike
the women back to the mission, where
they will remain and become Christians.
lloiiuriiig the Oregon.
The reception tendered the Union Iron
Works in honor of the battle-ship Oregon has
\ been postponed from this evenin? to Saturday
evening, June 0, at 8 o'clock. The ceremonies
will take place at tin- Pavilion and will conßiat
of uppropriate addresses, vocai and instru
mental music and other interesting features.
It is expected that the naval Hnd militurv
forces in this City, including the officers anil
men of the American and foreign men-of-war
In port, will be present.
California Stock Company.
A number of the performers «re already en
gaged for the stock season at the California
Theater, wiiich will open on June 15 with
"The Home Secretary." Herbert Keleev is one
of the first on tne list of performers; John T.
Sullivan dtirt William Beach arc also engaged.
Kflie Shannon is positively announced, and it
is probable that Louise Thorudyke will also be
on the lint. The rest of the troupe will bo ea
gaged wiihln the next few days.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE
MEETS DEFEAT,
Junior Mechanics Listen to
a Debate on the
Subject.
SPIRITED FORENSIC DUEL
Colonel Fox Gallantly Comes to
the Rescue of the
Oppressed.
ERUDITION AND ELOQUENCE.
Dr. Fitch Paints a Fearful Picture
of the Disasters That
Would Follow.
A debate upon the question of woman
suffrage was held last night at 32 O'Farrell
street under the auspices of Alexander
Hamilton Council No. 35, Junior Order of
United American Mechanics.
Colonel George W. Fox opened the de
bate in favor of woman suffrage, and in
the course of his remarks said: "The
fundamental idea of a republic is that
every individual member is a unit in the
government. The question is, Shall the
rights of any citizen be abridged?
By the constitution women are citizens.
Numerous decisions declare that a woman
is a citizen, with the rights of a citizen,
except that the privilege of voting may be
given or denied at pleasure by the State.
By the Declaration of Independence the
Government derives its pewera from the
consent of the governed. Who are the
governed? Women as well as men. There
fore no distinction can be justly made be
tween the individual members of the
governed body. If woman suffrage is rieht
it will triumph, and I venture to declare
that within the memory of nearly all
present woman suffrage will have
triumphed.
"You may say your mother did not vote.
Young man, your fatber did, and that is
wby you are where you are to-day. The
day has passed when woman suffrage was
discussed by iong-haired men and short
haired women. It will be argued that
women will have the power to change the
political complexion of this country. I
am thankful that they will."
Dr. Fitch in reply said: "I fail to see
why doubling the number of votes would
improve matters. If three men cause cor
ruption, I fail to see why the addition to
them of three women would decrease cor
ruption. 1 claim that woman suffrage is
only one of the symptoms of woman's
rights, and woman's rights, by drawing
women from the family to the professions
and business of man, tends to destroy the
family, and consequently is inimical to our
civilization. The trouble is that our women
are doing men's duties, not women's. The
introduction of woman into the various
avocations of life has reduced men's wages
so much that they cannot afford to marry,
and the family organization necessarily
declines very rapidly. And it is a matter
of fact that where, as in New Zealand,
woman suffrage has been introduced, a de
crease in the birth rate, and hence in the
building up of the family organization,
has followed."
After a brief closing speech by Coionel
Fox a vote was taken among the audience
as to the merits of the debate, and it was
decided by a considerable majority that
the opponent of woman suffrage had made
the best presentation.
A Mississippi girl had two lovers. It
was hard to decide between them, so she
mggwted a foot race— the winner to take
the prize. The first race was a "tie," but
there was a marriage after the second one.
-_^_ hewto-dat: '
' g i* fV— A— A— A-/^ A "77
. %§
Almost any metal bed
looks well at first ; time
will tell whether it's Adams
& Westlake's or not.
California Furniture Company
fN. P. Col* & Co.)
117 Geary Street.
6MRNYSI
IS THB VERY BKSY ONE TU EXAMINE
your eyes and tit tnetn to Spectacles and Eye-
Classes with instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My sua-
CM) has been dun to the merits of my work. -
Ollice Hours— l- to ■* i\ m.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
FOR SALE.
AN ESTABLISHED MANUFACTURING
Business, Grocers' and Druggists' Sundries.
Requires about 91000. Satisfactory reason tor
selling. Apply — •
K. V.. BOX 109. CALt OFFICE.
xs'iieii ordering pitase mention Call. s-
Wriihfs Man YnetaMe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
bare used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDIXKSS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. .-.-.::._' '
Grossman's Mixture
With this remedy- persons can euro themselves ;
without the least 'exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of tho least injury to the
constitution. • your druggist for it. l'rice #1 *
bout* ........
NEW TO-DAT-DHY GOODS. U : ?s}>*-y
IffSiLllll
UllUJll UI JUUIIIJU 1 ultUlJilUU
. __ — . — ODE* _•.
LADIES'
As the result of a SPECIAL SPOT CASH PUR-
CHASE AT OUR OWN FIGURES we make A MOST
OPPORTUNE OFFERING OF BARGAINS, consisting
of a vast assortment of NEW AND EXCLUSIVE
STYLES AND NOVELTIES IN LADIES' WAISTS,
comprising all the prettiest and most fashionable mate-
rials for Summer wear at the following
MfIRVELOUSLY LOW PRICES!
jAJt 75 Cents. ■
100 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundried collar and cuffs, in fancy stripes and
chec&s, regular price $1, will be offered at 75c.
-A-t 81.00.
100 dozen LADIES* SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy lawns and percale, perfect fit, regular
price ?l 25, will be offered at ?1. ■:
y^t $1.23.
80 dozen LADIES' FANCY DIMITY WAISTS, detachable collar, latest style, regular
price $1 50, will be offered at $1 25. ..€ .* ... :-,
.A.t 51.50.
80 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy Persian patterns, detachable collars,
regular price $1 75, will be offered at $1 50.
-A.t 61.75.
70 dozen LADIES' LAWN AND DIMITY SHIRT WAISTS, latest style, regular
price 2, will be offered at $1 75.
-A-t &2.00.
70 dozen LADIES' FANCY PERCALE. LAWN AND DIMITY, made in the latest
style, regular price $2 25, will be offered at $2.
At $2.50. and &3.00.
60 dozen LADIES' PERSIAN DIMITY WAISTS, detachable collar and cuffs, regular
price $3 and $3 50, will be offered at $2 50 and $3.
STORE CLOSED SATURDAY, DECORATION DAY.
/ B/WS**^ MURPHY BX7TLDINGH /
(/(/ larbt Street comer of Jones, /
RAILROAD TRAVELS
SiIVFRASCISCO & RORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Til) uron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. it.: 12-35
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. M ; Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips a: I:SU
and 11:30 p. m. •.
6CNIX\VS_7:TO. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3-30,
6:00, li:'Jo P. M.
Shu Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— O:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 1110 a. if-
-12-46 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trip,
at 1:55 P. M. and 6:35 p. m.
mJ B& Y msz22*' 9:3£> 11:1 ° *• *•: I: *°- 3:401
6:00, 6:25 P. m.
Between San Francisco " . S<a " let ' en Park same
schedule as above.
San Leave }£$% San Arrive
San Francisco. X p ti\^ Ran Francisco,
■ I>esK.on. ff> |Wkkk
7:30 AM A : £! AMi Novato, 10:40 AM B:4oam
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 s:oorM|Santa Rosa.! 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
- __ Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
i Healdsburg;,
• Dn , »^ • icyiserville,
3:30 pm l 7:30 am Cloverdate. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
I'ieta,
7:30 am Hopland A 10-10 am
3:3opm 7:30 ami Cktah. 7:30 pm I 6:l6pm
7:30 am; 110:10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm- ! 1 6:15 pm
I : ?S AM I : ; tOAM i Sonoma 1 10:40 am | 8:40 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm! and I 6:03 pm 615 pm
I Glen Ellen. :
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Sririnfrs; at Geyservillo for Ska?tcs Springs- at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pietafor hland
Springs, Kelsey villc. Soda Bay and mk.-port- at
Hopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs; at
I kind for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
JAkes, Lnnrel Dell Ij»ke, Upper Lane, Porno. Potter
\ alley. John Day's, Lierley's, Eucknell's, San-
niHtrln Heights, Hullvilie. Booneville. Green
wood. Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
BraKK, Westport, Usal. W(lie:s, Cahto, 'cove'o
.Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rate s. i
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle building
H.C WHITING, R.X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
' Atlantic
•Pacific
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrive i-^SZ"F^A^^
at Market-Street Ferry. •al3Bg£*c?sTEl
SANTA FE EXPKBSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis.
The l'ODUiar s.v.\TA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOBTOX
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
i tbrtJUßh to destination. •
i The best railway from California to the East.
j New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room*.
Ticket Office— o44 Market Street.
Chronicle Buildlnsr- "
MTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saaaalito Ferry).
from Ban Francisco, commencing March 29, 1896.
WEEK DA
For Mill Valley and San .Rafael — :00,*8'00
•9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. m.: l '8:SO, 4:15,
6:16, *B:00. «i:B3 r. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dM»
flays and Saturday* at 11:30 p. m.
" ■ SUNDAYS. X
r»r Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8:00, *9:00,
J •It) : 00, 11:30 a. m.;»*l-j:SJ. •1:30, •2:15, *4:00,
1 6:30, C:4B, 8:80 p. it. Extra trip to Bauialitoat
11 :00 a. m.
Trains marked • run to Saa Qnentin. ••12:30
F. M. does net run to Mill Volley.
THKODUH TRAINS.
|»*l» P.M. weekdays— Caz.ulero and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— CozaUero and way station*
( 9*o a. it. bundny*— Point Key ea »u ( i ai»Uoaa>
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOETIIKRS PACIFIC COMPACT.
(PACIFIC MVBTEM.)
Tralsia leave hbi) are flue to arrive at
san nt.i.\cis('o. :
i
lbavk — Fr.OM May 3, 1896. — arm y
•C:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . "*: 1.1 *
7:«Oa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden and Kast.. 8:15p
7:o©a Benicia, Vacaville, Eumsey. Sacra-
mento, and Bedding via Davis. . . . 6:45?
4 :0« A Martinez, San Ramon, Eapa, Calia-
toga aud Santa IlO3a 6:15r
B:3eA^ilcs t Han Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, lCcd liluft
ami Sundays excepted Uruiille 4:15p
•S:3»a. Peters ami Milton «7:15p
9:OOa Los Angeles Egress. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and lion Angeles 4:45p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10-I.~>a
»:OOa VaUejo «:ir>p
l:OUp Kites, San Jose and Livermore *:13a
•l:OOp Sacramento Itiver Steamers *!i:OOp
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t' ••**»P
4:00r Martinez, San Kamon. Vallejo,
Napa, Caiistoga, El Verano and
Santa Kosa 9:1. 1 a
Bonicia, Vaeaviile, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Mary?ville, ; •
Oroville and Sacramento 10:43 a
4:S#p Niies, San Jose, LiTeiraore and
' Stockton 7:lSp
4 :30p Merced, Dereada, Raymond (for
Voscmitc) and Fresno 11:43 a
s:9#p Now Orleans lixiirw3.Fresiio.Batera- •■■
field, Santa Ijurliaraj.os AngcluM.
]■'■' -\». Derauig, El Vaso, New Oi leans and
East. I •:I.la
5:0«p Santa Fe Uonte, Atlantic Kx)>reiu
for Mojave and East 1O:15a
5:00p Yallejo 11:45 a
«:O»i« European Mail, Ogdcuacd i:a*t.... 9:43 a
O:OO piray wards, Kilcs ami San Jose 7:4« a
}7:<M»r Vallejo j7:43p
7:UOr Oregon Express, Sacran>ento, Mar,s-
villc, Bedding, Portland. r-.iget
Somul i ami East IC:43a,
SAM A < IU /. DIVISION farrow hanarf;.
1 J7:-S3 a Santa Oral Km:rsion, Bacta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }$:»3f
•: 1 3 a Newark.Centevvi l lo.Han J ose, Fcl ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5i59p
*X:l3p Newarlt. £cntcrville, San .lose. New
Almadcn, Fclton, Booklet Creclr,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »ll»aOA
4»13p yewar':. San .loao aud I.oh (.'atos.... »:.**♦ A
COAST DIVISION (TlilrinrToHiiscinl Nt».)
•6:43 a San .low and Way Stations (New
AJmsden Wednesdays only) "1:45*
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe. and
Principal Way Stations :MP
1:18 a Sail .lose. 'Ires I'inos, Snuta Cruz,
l'aciiio OroTe. Paso Robles, Sau
J.ul* Olilspo, Guadalupc and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:0!»P
J9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations n:43p
1O:IUa San Jose mid Way Stations 3:Oop
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Statious 3:30p
•«:30r San Jose, Gllrny, Tres Pi:ios, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove M9:49a
"3::iOp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:47 a,
•4:30p San Jose Way Stations *S:OOa
s:3o pßau Jose and Way Stations »S:4«U
Q:3opSan Jose and Way Stations H::i.">a
fU:l',i- San Jose and Way Stations... -|7vl!>p
' MAS LKASimO AM) HAVWAKDs Lot \j~.
! t»6:t»OA"l ( 7:13 A
«:OOa «'.•:!•"» a
iSjoot Mclr Me ,Semln.ryPKk, ' l?jjg*
"Sloop Fit€hbnrs,SaßLeandr» \i:\lZ
3:00p I ami 4:45p
4:00p f 1 5:13p
3:0»p tTirrr«ri]< >-■ . 6:15p
3::joi> H»rtr»r«g. 7MJp
■7:OOp . . . ; ■■•„ .- H:4sp
8:00p , _ .. . . „., 9:45p
9:00p i Ruaa through to Nfles. in.sOp
ftll:15p ) ■ « From KUes. I <H2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN PaiHnsCO-Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— '
•7:16 . 0:00 11:00 a.m. *l:00 *2:00 t3:CO
•1:03 ' tS:0O *e:CO P.M.
From OilUHD— Foot ofEnwdwij.— «6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. tI2:SO •1:03 12:00 *3:03 .■ ti:ofl
*S:QOr.M.
A for Morning. , P for Afternoon.
* Sundays eicepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only. ■--■-.
\\ Word.iv. Tlinrsday ar.rl Saturday nlghtg only.
TO EXCHANGE.
! Al2-ROOM OAKLAND RESIDENCE: LOT
-rV 1-10x250; highly improved; no Incumbrances:
will exchange for property In southern California
or at Spokane. Address Owner, 330 Pine St., room
i 38. San Francisco, Cal. - ■
! ■?-4tBBK£s!y*J***i. n Big pis » non-poiftonooa
i < < >S*'«9 c:^^ u^2fcSia remedy for Gonorrhoea,
: >ftiSr't;Ui:EbSty,3 Oleet, Spermatorrhoea,
i flHriDltos.l>js.V Whites, unnatural dU-
JM3w On»nnitcii V charges, or any inilamma-
ff«yf not to etrieture. tiou, irritation or ulccra-
fc»— jJJPrefsnu cont»gion. tion of muoona mrm-
WJSITHtEvANSCHEMtrMICo. brane -«- Non-astringent.
lflßkciNCmHATl.o -881 Sold by Urnirtrlsta,
I *^ V. 3. a ss*ror sent ' a plain wrapper,
•-■Vifir«fcr. ' l^&M by t'Xprws. , epaid, lor
nV^I 91.00. or 3 Settles, $?.7\
'^^•SSSairft ■ Circular seat or, * ..ueet.
910
THE GATHERING
OF THE CLANS,
Thirtieth Annual Games
of the Caledonian
Club.
TO BE HELD TO-MORROW
Brief and Interesting Sketch of
the History of the Or
ganization.
OFFICERS PAST AND PRESENT
It Is Now Financialy Strong and
Has an Active Membership of
About Fifteen Hundred.
The thirtieth annual gathering and
games of the Caledonian Club will be held
at Shell Mound Park to-morrow (Satur
day), and everything has been done by the
officers of the club to make the occasion
the most successful in the history of the
organization.
There are forty-six events on the pro
gramme, all with the exception of six be
ing open to all comers. An innovation
this year is an inter-school relay race for \
members of the high schools, five competi
tors from each, the winning team to be
presented with a handsome banner. The
prizes are on the usual liberal scale of the
club, which has drawn competitors from
all over the United States.
Besides the games there will be dancing
in the two pavilions, each in charge of an
efficient floor committee.
The committee on the games consists cf
D. R. McNeil!, chief ; John Reid, first chief
tain ; George Davidson, second chieftain;
James H. Duncan, third chieftain: Wil
liam Mitchell, fourth, chieftain; Angus
McLeod, John McLaren. Jerome McCor
mac, P. Mclntyre, James W. Harris, James
Gorie, W. R. Eaton, Charles A. McPhee,
George McDonald and Thomas D. Carroll.
There is always a warm Scottish weft
come for the guests of the club, and this
year the following well-known members
will be the reception committee: First
Chieftain John Reid, chairman; D. A.
Macdonald, Colin M. Boyd, J. F. Kennedy,
W. C. Burnett, C. Cbisholm, Robert Suth
erland, John M. Duncan, James McNab,
Colonel Thomas McGregor, Captain J. H.
Bruce, Colonel C. L. Taylor, Captain D.
McKechnie, James Millar. William Urqu
hart, William Nicol, Thomas W. Bethel,
General J. G. Wall, John Malion, Charles
Nash, James Aitken, Neil Carmichael, Dr.
J. A. J. Macdonald, John Smith and I).
R. Campbell.
The success that has attended the efforts
of the club is almost unprecedented.
Little did the seventeen men who met in
Clem Dixon's saloon on Summer street, in
the early part of IB6o', and made arrange- j
ments to hold the lirst annual fathering ]
and games in Haves Park, dream of the I
powerful organizationthat would develop |
within the next thirty years. Of the
seventeen the following are still alive:
James Aitken, John Bain, George, David
son, Clem jJixon. Walter P. Davidson,
James Scobie, Joseph Austin, Andrew
Foreman, John Murray and Peter W. An
derson. Those who have been gathered in
by the Grim Reaper are: Samuel Aitken,
William Henry, John .McAffey, Thomas
Boss, Donald McLea, Hugh Davidson and
James Laidley.
The club was organized on November 24.
18tW, and incorporated on August 26, 167 L
The following preamble to the by-laws of
the club explains its objects:
Being well assured that man is so consti
tuted as to require occasional seasons of ie
laxation and amusement; believing also that
athletic exercises, duly regmated, ate condu
cive to the healthful- iuvisoration of both
mind and body; and being, moreover, desirous
or assisting toward the establishment ■ and
maintenance of friendly relations among those
who are of Scottish, birth or extraction, and
keeping alive in Hum an interest in Scottish
manners and wages, we do iorra ourselves
into a club, bearing the designation of "The
Caledonian Club of San • Fraud wo," whose
chief objects shall be the encouragement and
practice of the games and preservation of the
customs and manners of Scotland, the promo
tion of a taste for b-±r language and literature
and the binding more closely in social links
the sons and daughters and descendants of our
mother country.
The club numbers about 1500 members.
It is financially strong. Eleven years ago
it and the St. Andrew's Society, whose
combined capital was at that time $15,000.
bought the property on Larkin street, near
Grove, where the Scottish Hall now is, for
$16,500. Five directors from each organi
zation negotiated the purchase, and they
had to dig down into their pockets to
make up the $1500. The construction of
the building cost $22,000, and in five years
the debt was cleared off and a dividend
has been declared ever since.
The first officers of the club, elected on
October 29. 1867, were: Donald McLennan,
first chieftain and president; R. B. Tor
rance, second chieftain and vice-president;
John Bain, treasurer, and Hu^h Davidson,
secretary. Donald McLennan (now dead)
held the office of chief for 1868-69-70; David
Mitchell (now dead), 1871-72; Stewart
Venues, 1573; D. A. Macdonald, 1874-75
-76-77-78; Colin M. Boyd, 1879-80-81; John
P. Kennedy, 1882-83-84"; D. A. M.-cdonald.
1885-86; Angus McLeod, 1887-88-89; W. C.
Burnett, 189<i-91-92; C. Chisholm, 1893-94;
D. R. McNeil 1. 18!>3.
The present officers of the club are: D.
R. McNeill, chief; John Reid, first chief
tain; GeorgeDavidfon (who was one of the
originators of the club), treasurer and sec
ond chieftain; James H. Duncan, secretary
and third chieftain ; William Mitchell,
financial secretary and fourth chieftain,
and Dr. George Adam, physician.
CALEDONIAN HANDICAP.
Entrleßfor the Events forTo-Mor-
row's Picnic.
The following are the entries and handi
caps of the amateur events at the Cale
donian Club's picnic, Shell Mound Park,
May 30:
John Elliott, handlcapper; Walter A. Scott,
referee.
352-yard handicap — R. J. Hancock. O.
C, scratch; P. M. Wand, O. C, scratch;
Fred Butz, O. C. scratch; W. B. West,
Oakland Y. M. C. A., scratch; David
Suilivan, S. F. A. C, 10 yards; Ed Slcele, A. A.
L., 5; Fred G. Smith, a. A. L., 8; Ray Simonds,
A. A. L, 10; Carl Parker, A. A. L., 10; James
Baker, O. C, 12; W. E. DawfcOn, A. A. L.. 8;
Ralph Lloyd, U. C, 12; Alex Peterson, 8. F. Y.
M. »;. A., 10; Harry Eddy, S. F. Y. M.-O. A.. 11 ;
E. Fleischer, S. F. Y. M. C. A., 9; George Klar
man, B. F. Y. M. C. A., 6; 11. C, Snittard, & F.
Y. M. C. A., 8; Stewart Mcbougai, 8. F. Y. M.
C. A., 9-, D. J. Hanrfchan, 6. F. Y. M. C. A., 10;
: .1. K. Pitchford, A. A. L.. 8; E. F. Lieiich, S. F
! Y. M. C. A., 7; E. H. Liska, 8. F. Y. M. C. A., 9;
| Coieman Jelinsky, S. F. A. »:., 5.
880-yard handicap run— J. R. Pitchford. A. A.
L., scratch; Ed .Steele, A. A. L., scratch ; George
Shnw, A. A. L., scratch; Coieman Jeiinslcy,
B. K. a. C, scratch; David Sullivan, S. F. a. C,
35 yards; R. J. Hancock, O. C, 10 yams; Fred
E. Smith, A. A. L., 25 yurds; Carl Parker. A. A.
L., 40 yards; Jnmes Baker, O. C, 35 yards; W.
E. Dawson, A. A. L., 25 yards; Rny" Himonds,
A. A. L., 30 yards; Alex Peterson, S. F. Y. M. < .
A., 20 yar<ls; Harry Kddy, S. F. Y. M. C. a., 28
yards; E. Fleischer, S. F. Y. M. C. A., 20 yards;
George Klarmnnn, 8. F Y. M. C. A., 25 yards;
H. C. Guittard, S. F. Y. M. C. A., 25 yards;
i Stewart MeDoupal.S. F. Y. M. C. A., 35 yards;
I>. I. Hnnrnhßi!. S. F Y. M. C. A., 25 yards; G.
A. Dondero. A. A. L., 25 yards; E. F. Lcilich, S.
! F. Y. M. C. A.. 28; E. H. Ziska, S. F. Y. M. C. A.,
I 25 yards.
Pole vault handicap— Ralph Lloyd, U. C,
I scratch; Ray Simonds, A. A. L., 8 inches; Carl
Parker, A. A. L., 12 incites ; Harry Eddy, 8. F
Y. M. C. A., 12 inches; E. Fleischer, S. F. Y. M.
C. A., 12 inches; Edger Spacher, S. F. Y. M. C.
A., 12 inches.
The above events are sanctioned by the
P. A. A. of the A. A. U., and will be run
under amateur rules. There w,ill also be a
relay race for a handsome banner between
teams from the Lowell High School, Oak
land High School, Berkeley High School
and Polytechnic High School. Coieman
Jelinsky will compete under protest, the
charges being that he ran at the butchers'
picnic under an assumed name.
STOCKTON'S WATER CARNIVAL.
Entire Son* Meet and lieeid* to Tuah the
Project.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 28.— The Native
Sons held an important meeting to-night
and practically decided to hold another
water carnival on the night of September
19. There will also be a regatta here in the
| forenoon of that day. here will be no
queen or Goddess of Liberty this time, but
all the other features of the carnival will
be seen. There will be a procession of
boats which will go to the mouth of Stock
ton channel. The banKs of the channel
will be lined with rows of multi-colored
-Japanese lanterns and dotted here and
| there with electric lights. If the calcula
tions of the committeemen are correct
there will be more boats here than were
■ ever before in Stockton channel and Mc-
Leods Lake.
• — ■* — •
■Monttrry'a Carnival Quern*
MONTEREY, Cal., May 28.— Miss Daisy
D. Wright of Pacific Grove has been
appointed Queen of the Monterey carnival
and celebration. The appointment was
made by the Mexican Veterans' Associa
tion yesterday. Miss Wright is the most
appropriate Queen that could be selected
not only that she is a most estimab.e and
pretty younp lady, but she was born in
the Monterey Custom-house and is the
eldest daughter of Jonathan Wright, .one
of General Fremont's rm n, one who fought
under bin at the battle of Gnbilan in 1846.
It is the idea oi the committee that a
Queen is to be chosen from every county
in the State. The maids of honor will be
chosen soon, but will be Monterey eirls.
A Diiy Karlier.
Saturday being Decoration day, the
j News Letter is issued to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, M AY 29, 1896.
THE WAR TALK OF
BIG DEMOCRATS,
Irish Says Foote May Make
a Little Hell by
Himself.
HE SAYS GOLD WILL WIN
Colnon Says the Convention Wil
Be Silver, and Cries "No
Quarter."
DAGGETT TALKS DISCREETLY.
Believes the Party Is for Gold, but
Hazards No Prophecies About
the Convention.
It is highly interesting to hear big Dem -
ocrats talk about the coming State Con
vention just now as the temperature
of the party steadily rises.
Their worJs are ominous of uncom
promising war, as a rule. The leaders of
the gold and silver forces declare that
there can be no compromise. Along the
stretch that divides the radical leaders of
the two elements are all degrees of inter
est, indifference, uncertainty and ignor
ance regarding the financial question, but
all will line up for the battle at the con
vention.
Calculations on the division of forces in
the National Convention at present make
it so even that the eighteen votes for Cali
fornia become of great importance to the
administration side, and the struggle to
capture as many of them as possible will
not be abandoned while a fighting chance
remains.
So adding to this grent issue the local
fight, the indorsement of Btidd, the control
of the State machine, the ambitions ot the
resurrected leader. John Daggett, who has
come forth from the political tomb he en
terea after the StocKton convention; the
personal ambitions of would-be delegntes
and the fierce personal quarrels that growhn
intensity, the prospects portend the storm
iest convention the California Democracy
has known.
It appears certain that the strength the
Federal brigade and the gold faction gen
erally will muster will be so great that the
silver men will be forced in self-defense to
oppose seating the local McNab-Dacgett
delegation, at least as a whole, and the
Buckleyites are aaily growing more jubi
lant and more certain of getting at least
half a vote.'
both sides claim victory in advance.
Listen to them talk. Hoar John P.lrish
for instance. If there is a Democrat in
California loyal to "pound money" and to
Grover Cleveland and his policy it is that
same vigorous and eloquent John P. Irish
the Naval Officer. The Sacramento conven
tion will declare for gold, he says, and lie
says that the party is not for silver, giving
a wipe at Foote and Clunie. This is what
he said about the coming convention yes
terday:
"The Sacramento convention will un
doubtedly deciaie for the existing money
standard. It will not demand free coin
age at a ratio of 16 to 1 or any other ratio
a;id it oucht to demand that the Federal
treasury be limited to its constitutional
functions of collecting the taxes provided
for by Congress and disbursing the same
upon appropriations made by Congress.
At present the treasury by law receives
silver and paper for taxes and is by law
compelled io redeem greenbacks in god
which it has to buy with bonds. The
greenbacks so redeemed are by luw im
mediately reissued and when ag.vn
presented have to be again redeemed
puttiiv the endless task on the treasury
continually imperils the public credit
The Democratic Convention should de
mand the cancellation of the greenbacks
and put a stop to a dangerous system for
?i hlc ° rte P"blican legislation is responsi
ble. The party should at every point sus
tain the administration. "Any other
course is suicidal. No army ever won a
battle by shooting its own generals. Any
Democrat wiio wants to exchange Cleve
land's leadership for Tillmau's is unfit for
membership in tie party.
"I am not in favor of any straddle or
compromise. The silver men, as a rule
have been misled into the belief that free
coinage of silver at 16 to 1 is an ancient
Democratic doctrine. When they by study
discover that this is false, that every leader
of the party from Jefferson to Cleveland
has opposed the principles of such legisla
don, they will stay with their party and
principles and there will be no bolt.
"General Clunie, Foote and others may
take a bunch of matches and start a little
hell of their own, but they will have no
following. It is not true that the masses
of the party are for silver."
Superintendent of the Mint Daggett,
who will be the dominating administra
tion power in the State Convention, and
whose ambitious programme to secure the
Chicago delegation as a laurel, the State
Central Committee as a power and the
local machine as a clnb, will be
beaten by • a close margin by bitter
enemies, if beaten at all, does not tell all
he knows about the situation. When in
terviewed yesterday he pleasantly cave a
selection of his convention views, while
circumspection sat upon his unblnrting
lips and discretion reined His tongue.
This is what he said in response to several
queries:
"I think that the Democratic party is a
sound-money party in California, i do
not undertake to say that the 'Federal
brigade' directs the Democatic party, un
less it wants to be directed that way.
The people of the party will know
what they want. It cannot be de
termined how the convention will
be divided until the delegates are seen to
gether. It is too early for prophesies as to
the relative strength of the two elements,
I should naturally think that the deleßa
tion-at-large will be all on one side or the
other, but there will probably be a scram
ble for the places. It cannot be told what
will result. Itismv opinion that the con
vention should indorse President Cleve
land in all his acts and policies.
"As to the possibility of any bolting at
the convention I can only speak for my
self. If I go into a convention I go in
with a determination to support the nomi
nees. I will not bolt whatever the out
come."
On the local contest Mr. Daggett had
this to say:
"I understand that the 'Junta' people,
as they are called, are the only ones who,
und»r~ the convention call, have any right
to hold a primary or to expect recognition.
They have been determined to be the le
gitimate organization as far as the State
Ceutral Committee could determine the
matter. It is not for me to say what the
convention will do with the contest. An
far as I am concerned I am opposed to any
compromise on half a vote for each dele
gation. One or the other delegation is en
titled to be seated. lam no half-way man.
"I am in favor of F.rank H. Gould for
chairman and I believe that he is a
favorite. I have not authoritatively heard
of anybody else being in the fight.
"As to the National Convention, that is
a worse problem than the State conven
tion, as it depends on so many contin
gencies. I have no opinion as to which
element will control the Convention,
ami it is guess work on any
body's part. I believe that if
McKinley comes out for silver or strad
dles the" money question the Democrats
will have a good show to win with a
sound-money man. That is all I care to
say. Aside from that question, his posi
tion on the tariff or his aeitation oi the
tariff question which he represents would
be resented by the business interests of
the country at the present time, and the
two things combined would beat him."
Harbor Commissioner Colnon is a rad
ical silver man and his views are eenera.'ly
taken as in harmony with Governor
Budd's. What he said yesterday about
the State Convention was si.id with less
ginger than his paper, the Stockton Mail,
'.as spoken, but hie position is typical of
tnat the leading and strong free-silver
Democrats jjenerally.
"The State Convention." he said, ''will
declare fnr silver, and it oujrht to do so for
that is the sentiment of the Democracy of
California. When I say 'silver' I mean
the free and unlimited coinage of silver at
16 to 1 with no straddle. What the
strength of the gold forces will be I know
nothing of except what I read in the
papers. I conclude though that if con
certed efforts are made by the Federal
office-holders, supported by others who
are for the gold standard, their power will
be very strong in the convention. Still, I
think the interior will outvote them. The
gold strength, which will be mustered
from throughout the State, will be due to
the efforts of office-holders. San Diego is
in Welburn's revenue district, and there
is the custom-bouse and postoffice there.
In Los Angeles the custom-house, poslofflce
and the revenue service figure. In this part
of the State there is hardly a town that
has not some representative of the admin
istration, and they are penerallv active,
intelligent and influential men. The gold
m;n are largely politicians and the silver
men are not, generally, politicians and not
organized. The action of the Republican
and Prohibition conventions on silver and
the strength of the Popalins are signifi
cant of the sentiments of the mass of the
people of California. If our State Conven
tion does not declare for free silver it will
be a clear case of administration influ
ence.
"I don't think that a straddle is possi
ble. It must re one thing or the other as
to the financial question, and the delega
tion at large will oe either lor silver or the
administration.
"If the gold men should control the
convention I don't think then will be
any bolt of silver men. They will await
the Chicago convention, which I am sure
will declare for silver. If gold wins at
Chicago the party will be split, two can
didates will follow and the silver
element in this State will go its way.
The sincere silver men will vote
for the cause independent of party lines.
An alliance with the Populis+s would be
the natural result of a split. The silver
question, like the slavery question, will
not down until ?"ttled. We might as well
have a square tight on it now as four years
from now. The Democratic party has a
hard outlook, and this is the only chance
of its winning. I think that it will De just
as well if the gold men do bolt at Chicago.
When they co out the Populists will cave
in and the silver cause will draw large
support regardless of party."
Mr. Colnon would not say much about
the local contest, which he recognized as
possibly controlling the convention, but
intimated that the great cause of silver
was more important than a local family
quarrel.
"I keep aloof from local polities and
know nothing about them," he said. "I am
for silver, and if I were a delegate to the
State Convention, as I will not be, I would
consider the preat cause, and what T could
do to help it along. lam making the local
contest no affair of mine. The family af
fairs of the party must be settled here."
The editor of the Stockton Mail declined
to discuss his townsman Gould as a candi
date for the convention chairmanship, but
ripped him up the back in the following
words and clauses:
"1 think that the chairman of the con
vention ought to be, first, a silver man. It
is important, too, to select a chairman
who is aloof from all factions, so that no
charge of unfairness would be upt to fol
low. He should be a man well known in
the State and party, but who he should be
I do not know.
"I don't, know what the convention will
do about the woman question. It ought
to come out against the A. P. A. It would
be cowardly to remain Mlent."
BUCKLEY PRIMARIES.
Matters Won According to the Card
Except In Two Districts— A
Big Vote Polled.
There were contests in only two of the
districts in which prirnari-s were held last
night by the Buckleyites for delegates to
the Democratic State Convention. These
were in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-eighth
districts.
Although the printed call for the prima
ries provided for the polls being kept open
from 6:;$0 r. m. to 10 r. m., there was ap
parently a general misunderstanding in
this matter on the part of the election
officers, and polls were closed at all hours
between 9:20 p. M . and ll:.S0 p. m.
In the Thirty-sixth eleven delegates
were to be elected and there were twelve
candidates on the ticket. The contest was
known to be between Behrend Joost and
.Harry B. Morey, and every one expected
to see Morey win out hands down, as be
was not only secretary of the district club,
but was extremely popular personally. It
therefore created the greatest surprise in
the district, and at the Buckley head
quarters, when the returns showed that
the lines had been closely drawn between
these two aspirants and that Joost had
carried the night by a vote of 85 to 55 for
Morey.
The total vote cast in the district was
only 142, though this is the banner district
of the party in the City. Just what caused
the slaughter of Morey rather than some
one of the other candidates is what is
mystifying the push, as BucKley is said to
be equally friendly to both of them. The
fact that only 142" votes were cast shows
that a bitter fight was on from the very
start and that every voter had to submit
to a challenge.
When the poll was closed at 9:35 p.m.
there were yet many in line waiting to
cast their ballot, and the fact that the poll
was closed before the legally provided
time may lead to demands by Morey for
a new election in that district."
In the Thirty-eighth John H. McGinney
suffered, it is saicf, owing to his being a
persona non grata to the push of the
district, and was turned down and out.
Up to lA. m. reports had been received
from all but the Thirty- third district, and
the total vote cast aggregated about 6000.
Following is the list of delegates elected
and the vote so tar as reported by districts:
For delegate at large— Dr. James I. Stanton.
Twenty-eighth— Michael Bishop, Lawrence
J, Conlon, James Daly, Thomas Howard,
Michnel Kane, Daniel McKiernan, John Raf
ferty, James Ryan, John J. Sweeney— 62o votes.
Twenty-ninth— r. H. Canill, P. A. Dolan,
Thomas F. Egan, Maurice Kerwin, Timothy
Regan, Robert J. O'Reilly, P. H. Shanley,
Henry Stein, E. T. Tenant, John Usher— 43o
votes.
Thirtieth— Bernard Conway, John J. Doyle,
John H. Miller, Dr. A. P. Mulligan, J. J. Don
nelly, H. H. Plant, J. B. McCloskey, Thomas J.
Semen, James Stevens, Joseph Sophey— 347
votes.
Thirty-first— James P. Brady, James I. Bres
nahan, David Dillon, Thomas R. Hamilton-
Mahon, David D. Lowney, Dan Moriarity,
W. S. Nolan, James H. O'Brien, M. M.Rattigan,
T. E. Treacy— 23o votes.
Thirty-second— Alexander Dijeau, Peter Don
nelly, H. B. Goecken, George Larsen, James
Lucy, James T. Mooney, J. B. McManus, James
J. Rooney, John A. Townley— 6s7 votes.
Thirty-fourth— M. Ault, James J. Flynn, T. J.
Gallagher, Herman Joost, James E. Kenny, T.
J. Kearney, William C. Kissling, Dr. William
I>. McCarthy, K. Raabe, J. M. Sullivan— 2o9
votes.
Thirty-fifth— P. J. Carr, Henry Haake. Den
nis Kelly. John F. O'Byrne, James O'Halleran,
George Tiernan— 3s7 votes.
Thirty-sixtn— A. Barry, John Burns, Andrew
J. Clunie, Thomas Clark, Stephen J. Crowley,
Behrend Joost, H. T. McGrath, J. J. McDonnell,
Ar:liur O'Brien, M. G. bears, Jamea Slatterly—
142 votes.
Thirty-seventh— Martin Bulger, William
Clack, Henry Doacher, Frank J. Follon, P. T.
Flinn, Harry M. Kelly. John Llnenan, E. T.
Minehan, James C. Neaion, C. C. Rivers, E. B.
Young.
Thirty-eighth— Thomas Ashworth, Henry
Bingham, Jonn F. Cooney. M. J. Donovan,
J. J. Dowling, Phil S. Fay, J. D. Powers, J. R.
Tobin, Joseph Waimemacher.
Thirty-ninth— Joseph A. Baxter, D. Becker,
Philip Bolger, Walter Gallagher, D. M. Gavi
gan, Frank Malloye, W. H. Healy, John
McCarthy, John A. Steinbach— 2l2 votes.
Fortieth— Nathan Crocker. Thomas J. Glynn,
Robert Halght. Charles J. Heggerty, J. B. Mc
lntyre, T. G. Parker, Joseph Rothschild,
Maurice Schmidt, Daniel Sheerin — 423 votes.
Forty-first— Henry Ach, N. J. Allen, Wm. J.
Bryan, John M. Curtis, Peter F. Dunne. E. P.
Farnsworth, D. A. Macdonald, Samuel H.
Resrensberger, Reel B. Terry— 3s6 votes.
Forty-second— John \\. Flinn, William F.
Humpiirev, Charles Meier, E. T. Mills, E. J.
Reynolds, Dr. Luke Robinson, T. Carl Spelling
—'204 votes.
Forty-third — Charles L. Ackerman, Joseph
Clark, C. 11. Hasweli Jr., William Henderson.
Mutt O'Donnell. Horace G. Plan, W. C. Read,
Eugene P. Sullivan— 2os votes.
Forty-fourth— James A. Devoto, Dr. R. H.
Morton, Charles McCarthy, Charles W. Pope,
Dennis Sweeney, Joseuh Valente, John F. Win
ters. Henry Wre len— 2ss votes.
Forty-filth— Joseph TJastro. John Connelly,
John Phillips, Stephen Sanguinetti, Peter
Thornton, Martin Waters, John D. Whaley.
JUNTA PREPARATIONS.
r-oHlnar-Places Selected Last Night
for the Primaries to Be Held
This Evening.
At the meeting of the campaign com
mittee of the Junta side of the split Demo
cratic party last night the following
polling-places were selected for the pri
mary election of delegates to the Demo
cratic State Convention to be held at Sac
ramento, June 16:
Twenty-eighth— Northeast corner Third and
Verona.
Twenty-ninth— lrish-American Hall.
Thirtieth— Northeast corner Sixth and
MiTina.
Thirty-first — Southeast corner Eighth and
Howard.
Thirty-second— sl4 Fourth.
Thirty-third — Twenty-fourtn and Folsom.
Thirty-fourth— Harmony Hall, Mission and
E-ie.
Thirty-fifth— l4o4 Valencia.
Thirty-sixth — Northwest corner Castro and
Eighteenth.
Thirty-seventh— Northeast corner Laguna
and Haves.
Thirty-eighth— lso9 Turk.
Thirty-ninth— 333 Golden Gate avenue.
Fortieth — Northwest corner Post and Fill
more.
Forty-first— Northeast corner Hyde and
Union.
For- y-second— Turner Hall, 310 O'Farrell
Koriy-third— l>'2() Bush.
Forty-fourth— N'ortnwest corner Powell and
Lombard.
Forty-fifth— 717 Montgomery.
The appointment of election officers was
deferred until 4 o'clock thi-., afternoon.
Polls will be kept open from 7:30 p. m. to
10:30 p. m.
GOOD RACING AT LAKESIDE.
Three Track Record* Broken by the
■ .' Winning Horaes.
CHICAGO, 111.. May 28.— A1l the races
at Lakeside to-day were run in fast time,
three track records being broken. Two
favorites, two 3 to 1 shots and two out
siders took down the purses. '
Five and a half furlongs/Ben Hur won.
Fakir second, Mr. Dunlai. third. Time, l;09l£.
Four and a half furlong*, Vanessa wou,
Bombardon second, Siegfrid third. Time,
:563£. -
Five furlongs, Hi Henry won, Rubber Neck
second, Diggs third. Time. 1:00.
One mile and seventy yards, Mamie G won,
Merry Monarch second, LiUie £ third. Time,
1:47.
Seven furlongs. May Gallop won. Argath
second, Anna M ayes ihird. Time, 1:2814.
Five and a half furlongs, Fred X won. The
Rook second, Starbeam third. Time, l:08?£.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, May
28. — To-day's races were run over a heavy
track, causing a large number of scratches.
The feature was the Liberty stakes. It
was not an exciting contest, and Harry
Shannon won it easily.
Five furlongs, Ornament won, Roy Caruthers
second, Oak Leaf third. Time. l:osJ<£.
Six and a half furlongs. Say On won, St. Pat
second, May Rose third. Time, 1:24' 2 .
Four and a half furlongs, Scnrf Pin won, Ma
ier>pa second, Elgitha third. Time, :59.
Mile, Liberty stakes, Harry Shannon won,
Leonaise second, Joe Thayer third. Time,
1:48. :'^v*4pBSHiKjBBB§M
Mile and seventy yards, Miss •Frances won,
Judith second, Ann Lyle third. Time. 1:51.
MOKRIS PARK RACETRACK, N. V.,
May 28.— Rein, which began while the
candidates in tne first race were at the
post, spoiled the sport here this afternoon.
Six furlongs, S:r Dixon Jr. won, Ray 8 sec
ond, Abiue third. Time, 1 :lt>Vi-
Five furlongs Dod de Oro won. Talisman
second, Naughty Girl third. Time, 1 :01.
One mile, Premier won, Landsdale second,
Deefalayer third. Tim,, l :44.
The Pocantico handicap, mile and a furlong,
Volley won, Sherlock second, Cassette third.
Time, 1:58}-*.
For two-year-olds, five furlongs, Deepensier
won, Cinnberland second, Azure third. Time,
1 :05 V,.
One mile and a furlong, Clifford won, Kee
nan second, Sue Kittle third. Time, I :s6'^.
Frult-Growers Favored.
The Southern Pacific contemplates shortly
to reduce its rates on fresh fruit and vegeta
bles, applying the fourth-class rates on less
tlian carloads, and class G rates on carloads.
Heretofore the rntes have been: Leys than
carloads, second class; carloads, class B.
This will enable fruit-growers remote from
market who heretofore have not been able to
reach the market at as favorable prices as
growers near by to now do so.
A special berry train has been inaugurated,
leaving Santa Cruz about 4:50 p. M., pickiriß
up berries and vegetables between that point
and ban fraucisoo, arriving here about 1
o clock the next morning in time for the early
fruit market.
DEATH OF OLD
PIERRE LEROUX,
A Frenchman Who Was
Beloved Wherever
Known.
IT WAS HEART DISEASE
He Saved His Daughter's Life
and the Excitement
Killed Him.
A TOUCHING FUNERAL SCENE.
An Old Employe of La Societe Fran
caise de Bienfaisance Mutue.le
Passes Away,
Pierre Amedee Leroux was buried yes
terday afternoon from the chnrch of Notre
Dame dcs Victoires. in the private ceme
tery of La Societe Francaise de Bienfai
sance Mutuelle, overlooking Bakers
Beach.
In the passing away of Monsieur Leroux
the French colony has received a sad blow.
As an individual he was, perhaps, better
known among his compatriots than any
other man, and as the chemist of the
French Hospital he bad an opportunity,
of which he availed himself, to make
friends of its 4000 members. He was the
oldest employe of the society, having
assumed his duties over twenty-six years
ago.
The funeral took place at 2 o'clock in
the afternoou to permit of the old men,
patients and convalescents at the hospital
being in attendance.
They were there in force, the lame and
the halt, pressing around their old friend's
bier. He bad died so suddenly the de
crepid mourners hardly realized that he
was no more, and they chatted away, as
only men in their dotage do, in the outer !
room of the undertaker's establishment '
until they were admitted into the mort- |
vary chamber.
Then it was different.
Viewing the remains of the man who
had not only cared for them physically
but had consoled and comforted them
mentally for years, the poor old patients
wept and sobbed aloud.
Twenty-six years ago, when the French
Hospital was in its infancy, Monsieur ;
Leroux was in charge of the pharmacy, j
and he has been there ever since. No more '
faithful employe has ever been anywhere, j
and the sorrow of those who attended !
his funeral and the tokens n the way of
floral pieces that failed the church at
tested the high regard in which the de
ceased was held.
The best element in the French colony |
was present at the ceremonies and accom
panied the body to the cemetery. The
pallbearers were Sylvain Weill, 6. Bozio,
P. Cames, F. Fagothey, P. Bt. Julian, 1
SEi /f§T §i m
£ 0 \ )
(itr
STORY OF HIS LIFE.
If You Are Weak in Vitality or Have Varicocele This
Letter From Mr. L. L. Jaccard, a Prominent
Jeweler of San Leandro, Cal., Will Interest You.
_ _ . _ ■ „„ SAN LEANDRO, Cal.; December 14, 1895.
DR. A. T. BANDEN— Dear Sir: As many of my friends and other people have
asked me as to the truth of my statement given to you some time ago about my cure
of varicocele and weakness by your Belt, I have taken great pleasure in assuring them
that it is so. every word of it. lam cured of my varicocele, and also of the weakness
which it caused, and I am sure my cure is permanent, for I am 49 years of age and
when a man can feel as strong— as well— as Ido now, after suffering for twenty-six
years from such a trouble as I had, the cure must be permanent. Nothing but pure
gratitude to you and my desire to help my fellow-man prompt 3 the lisa of my name in
this manner. I will never tire of recommending your Belt. Yours gratefully
L. L. JACCARD.
When you are seeking a cure for some ailment that is sap-
ping your very life away you naturally look for a remedy which
is highly recommended by persons who have tried it. If you
see the testimony of some indefinite, unknown person you are
skeptical as to its honesty because you don't know the person
and you can't take chances on somebody you never heard of.
But when a man whose friends are the leading men of the State
a merchant who is known and respected by all men in business'
who is known by everybody within a radius of twenty miles of
where he lives ; when you see the testimony of such a man you
cannot dispute nor deny its truth. Such a man is Mr. L. L.
Jaccard. For all manner of weakness Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt is the most certain cure. For Varicocele — that insidi-
ous disease which saps the vital power from men it is an abso-
lute and the only cure. The book "Three Classes of Men"
should be read by every man who is weak. It is free. Call and
test this wonderful Belt. A regular practicing physician of
thirty years' experience can be consulted here free of charge.
When medicines can be used they will be given free with the
Belt.
BANI3BN" EIjEOTRIO CO
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to X.
-OFPIOBS A.T
LOB ANGELES, CAU I POHTTAVn nit
804 South Bro^lway. | . IslwShlS ?£«>.
Pierre Somps, E. Marque and B. Bour
gougnion, who not only are at the head of
the Societe Francaise de Bienfaisance
Mutuelle, but representatives of the finan
cial, legal, literary and mercantile
branches of the commonwealth.
The circumstances attending the death
of Monsieur Leroux are particularly sad.
On Monday he was hastily called from
his daily labors at the hospital to attend
his daughter. Miss Camilie Leroux, who
was at the home of Mrs. Bellerive in this
City. The young lady was suffering from
an attack akin to apoplexy. Her father
pulled her through all right and went to
his home in Alameda. His *vife then
crossed the bay to attend to her daughter
and the old gentleman remained at home
with his young son, Gaston.
The excitement of what had occurred
proved too much for the old man, and
Tuesday morning he was found dead in
his bed from heart disease.
The Colony Growl.
The Italian-Swiss Agricultural Colony is ex
tending the sphere of its operations. A few
months ago it purchased the Reddington
ranch of 1500 acres of land at Astl, Sonoma
County, and now it has just made another
large acquisition of lands and vines.
This consists of 640 acres two miles
east of Madera. In this tract of land there
are already 150 acres in vines and fifty
acres in olives and fruit. Next year the re
mainder will be planted in vines and it ia
intended to spend nearly $25,000 in improve
ments.
ON SAX RAFAEL MOUNTAINS.
Returned Tourist* Bring Report* of a
Hunter*' Paradise.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 28.— A
party which has just come in from the
San Rafael Mountains brings a budget of
interesting items from that wild and re
mote mountain district. The arrivals re
port cattle in fine condition on the ranges,
with excellent feed curing in the sun
which will carry tht>m through until the
next season's rains. The head waters of
the Santa Ynez River and its tributaries
are teeming with trout and salmon. Sal
mon are entirely new to the region, al
though early in the season Thb Call re
ported that they were running up the
Santa Ynez in the vicinity of Lompoc.
Game is abundant, and mountain quail
appear in greater quantity this season
than ever before. The travelers declare
that it is impossible to walk ten yards in
the Mono Lake region without starting up
flocks of quail.
Some of the ranchers in the vicinity of
Pine Mountain are doing active prospect
ing for the precious metals which are
known to exist in that locality. One
Mexican has found a promising quartz
ledge, the outcroppings assaying $20 to the
ton.
On the Diamond.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 28.—Phila
i delphia made it three straight from Chi-
c ago this afternoon. Heavy hitting by both
I clubs was the feature, all of Chicago's runs
I being earned. Attendance 1518. Score:
Philadelphia 10 00 4 04 0 I—lo 16 0
I Chicago* 130030010—8 16 2
Batteries— Taylor and Clements. Par«er and
Klttredge. Umpires— Henderson and Campbell.
BOSTON, Mass., May 28. —It was a
pitchers' battle to-day. Hawley and Dolan
i were both very effe'etive, but the former
i had the better support and therefore won.
Score:
Bostons 000010101—3 7 4
i Fittsbnrgs 200110200—6 9 1
Batteries— Dolan and Bergen, Hawley and Mer
; ritt. Umpire— Keefe,
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 28.— New
York-Cleveland — No game; rain.
BROOKLYN, N. V., May 28.—Brooklyn
| Louisville — No srame; rain.
BALTIMORE, Md., May 28.— Baltimore-
St. Louis — No game ; rain.
WASHINGION, I). C, May 28.—Wash
ington-Cincinnati—No game ; wet grounds.
• — ♦ ■»
The five principal languages, in the
I order of their importance, are English
1 German, French, Spanish and Italian.BAY DISTRICT
IS OBLITERATED,
Its Stables and Fences Are
Now Mere Wood
piles.
THE WORK OF A NIGHT.
Gang Plows Have Hopelessly De
stroyed the Once Famous
Course.
OBJECTED TO MORE RACING.
Bay District People Have Forever
Precluded Another Meeting on
the Gronnds.
The directors of the Bay District track
hayed caused to be wiped away everything
that would give use or identity to their
old pleasure ground and made another race
there an almost literal impossibility.
"Wednesday the multitude that loved it
beheld its final burst of gaiety and the last
habitue that boarded a Geary-street car
never to ride that way again to see a race
heard the sound of the axes and the grind
ing of the plows that were fast blotting the
place of so many memories from the eyes
of all men.
The last winner had scarcely touched
the line "Wednesday before a host of men
were battering away at the fences and a
dozen or more gang-plows, each pulled by
tenor twelve horses, were pushing their
noses into the smooth track upon which
money and care had been expended for
years.
And so the last event on old Bay District
was really not the farewell handicap of the
fleet steeds after all. It was the race of
the plebian horde, always to be found,
striving neck and neck for firewood. As
soon as the boards were knocked from the
fence they were loaded into the wagons of
people who were not ashamed to accept
firewood free when it was offered tnera.
The work of demolition was continued
all night long, and all night long Rich
mond was filled with the noise of lumber
ing wagons. The workmen did their worK
well. The sun went down on a finely
equipped racing ground; it saw in the
morning a grandstand and a clubhouse
standing forlornly in a new unenclosed
park of San Francisco.
Where the racetrack was I6ng and deep
furrows are now, and one may stand on ■
the clubhouse steps and gaze unobstruct- j
edly down the " streets that formerly j
abutted at the grounds.
It seems that charity in the matter of >
fuel was not the only "incentive the Bay
District people had in removing evidences
of a former racecourse. Two years ago
Warren <k. Mulley, contractors, signed to
do the grading on the site where the course
stood. A year aso they were prepared to
do the work, but by a stipulated sum paid
montbjy the California Jockey Club pre
vailed upon the contractors to extend the
time until June 1,
Mr. Williams endeavored to get a re
newal of the lease for another year, but
was unsuccessful. He learned that a j>lan
was in progress in which Warren <fc Malley
were interested after the Jockey Club
had abandoned the track. He therefore,
in order to thwart the accomplishing of
this rumored scheme, gave orders to Su
perintendent Fieldwick to give everybody
as much lumber as they would tear down.
Intelligence of this was noised about in
the neighborhood and as Wednesday after- j
noon wore away a crowd of fuel-boomers
were in line, ready to make the first haul. \
"There have been rumors floating j
around," said Louis Lissak, "about bicycle
races or some other kind of races which
were going to take place there after the
Bay District people had left. But we
didn't take any chances at all. Whether
there would have been races or not I can't
Bay. It was not the intention of the di
rectors that there should be, however.
The result is that not six inches of the
fence is left standing, and the track — well
I gaess it will take some little time and
money to put the whole thing in order
again. The people around there have got
enough firewood for hauling it away to
last them all next winter. No, you see it
would hurt the standing of good racing to
have cheap races there like they do in St.
Louis. We didn't propose anything of
the kind should happen, and I don't think
it will." _____________
ENTRIES FOR THE RACES.
Riders Who Will Compete at
the Alpha Club's Meet
Saturday.
San Francisco Cycle Dealers Reaching
Out for the Australian
Trade.
During all of the fore part of the week
entries have been coming in for the race
meet of the Alpha (ladies') Cycling Club
at Central Park Saturday afternoon
and evening;. The entries closed yester
day and were given to the official handi
capper, R. A. Smyth, who has arranged
the handicaps and heats of the riders as
follows:
Half-mile scratch, professional : First heat—
B H. Barnes 11. W.; W. \V. Hatton, }). C. W. ;
W. F. Foster, 6. C. W. ; H. B. Freeman, B. C. W.
Second heat— W. J. Kvans, unattached;
Hardy Downing, G. C. C: C. L. Davis, O. C. \Y. ;
Oscar Osen, O. Cy.; J. F. Stayer, B. C. \V.
Third heat— X. L. Ix>ng, B. C. W. ; A. N. Jone*,
\\\; Russell Cushing, .G. C. C; R. E.
Dow, G. C. C.
Fourth heat— A. If. Boyden, P v C. W.; F. M.
Byrne, I.C. C.:H. F. Terrill, B. C. W.j J. M.
Campbell, Spokane; J. E. Edwards. O. (.. \V.
First in each heat to qualify for the final.
Mile handicap, professional: First heat— W.
F. Foster. O. C. Wl 10 yards; J. M. Campbell,
hpokane 45; H. F. Terrill, B. C. W., 50; J. F.
Biaver, B. C. W.. G5.
Second heat— R. I>. Lonp. B. C. \W, 40 yard?;
Hardy Downing, O. C. C, GO; W. W. Hatton, B.
O W 70; F. M. Byrne, I. C. C, 90; B. H.
Barnes, H. W., 120.
Third heat— J. K. Edwards, O. C. W., 89 yards ;
Oscar Osen, O. Cy., 55; C. L. Davis. O. C. \V., GO;
Russell Cush'.ng, G- C. C, 75.
Fourth heat— Allan N. Jones, O. C. W., tfO
yards: R. K. Dow, G. C. C, 65; W. J. Svmas,
Michigan, 75- H. B. Freeman, B. C. W., «X); A.
M. Boyden, R. C. W., 135.
Winner of each heat and second in fastest
heat to qualify for linal.
One-third- mile scratch, amateur: First
heatr^-P. R. Mott, R. C. W.; T. B. Hall, 8.C.W.;
F. R. Haley, L. C. C.J H. Sternberg#C. C. C.
Second heat— J. R. Kenna, Acme; F. L. Day.
iB. C. W.; C. D. Gooch, R. C. W.; 0. Goodwin,
S. F. R. V.
Third heat— G. P. Fuller, O. C. W.; R. A.
Coulter, C. C. C; A. H. Agnew, Acme; F. N.
Rose, 8. R. A. C. *
Fourth heat— George Tantau, O. C. W.; P.
I-efevre, Acme; B. C. Raynaud, B.C. W.; E.
Lansruetin, B. C. W.
Fifth heat— G. A. Nissen, Acme; T. A. Grif
fltha, B. C. \V.; 1". C. Uanben, C. C. C. ; E.
baunders, O. C. \V.
Sixth heatr-C. J. Birdsall, C. C. C; R. Robi
eon, 8. F. R. C.j C. D. Bates. Jr., R. C.W.; C. H.
Staples, Acme.
Fim lv each heat and seconds in two fast
est heats to qualify for semi-final heats. First
md second in semi-finals qualify lor finals.
Half-mile handicap, amateur: First heat —
Cr. A. Nissen, Acme, scratch ; C. D. Bates Jr.,
R. C. W., 20 yards; C. Goodwin, S. F. K. C. 35 ;
A. Bcheib, unattached, 65.
Second heat— P. R. Mott, R. C. W., 10 yards;
B. C. Raynaud, B. C. W.. 30; J. H. Otey, Acme,
45; J. A. Code Jr., O. C. W., 50.
Third heat— T. S. Hall, B. C. XT., 10 yards;
A. \V. Kitchen, Acme, 40; r". C. Hanson, 0. C.
C. 55: C. Stewart, unattached, 05.
Fourth heat— George Tantau, O. C. W., IS
yards; C. D. Gooch, R. C. W., 25: R. A. Coul
ter, C. C. C, 50; L. J. White, unattached, 6o.
Fifth heat— J. R. Kenna, Acme, 20 yards, L.
E. Pels, 8. F. R. C, 35; R. Alexander, unat
tached, 45; X. Rusteineyer, unattached, 55:
E. C. Barley, I. C. C, 60.
Sixth heat— T. A. Griffiths. B. C. W.; 15 yards;
C. J.Birdsall, C. C. C.,50; E. F. Petersen, E. C.
C. 55; P. H. Rosenbelm, R. C. W.. 65.
Seventh heat— F. L. Day, B. C. W.,25 yards;
H. Stern berg, C. C. C, 50; J. B. Breartou, R. C.
Wy 53 ; F. N. Rose, S. F. A. C, 60.
Eighth heat— Eniil Lunguetin. B.C. W., 40
yards; A. H. Agnew, Acme, 50; L. T. Wagner,
U. C. \V., 55; J. Van Dyne, C. C. C, 60.
Ninth heat— P. M. Lefevre, Acme, 25 yards;
E. Saunders, I. C. 0., 50; E. F. Flinn, I. C. C,
60; W. C. Klotz, 0. C. C, 65.
First in each heat and second in fastest heat
qualify for semi-finals. First and second in
feemi-rinals qualify for final.
One -mile scratch, amateur (consolation-
First heat— A. G. Agnew, Acme; A. J. Sclimitz,
Oh.; F. C. llcnsen, C. C. C; F. R. Haley, L. C.
C; A. L. Holliug. B. C. W.
Second heat— J. S. Brereton, R. C. W. ; C. A.
Krait, B. C. W. ; F. S. Joost, C. C. C; H. A.
Friedlander, S. F. R. C. : W. C. Klotz, C. C. C.
Third heat— C. J. Birdsall, C. C. C.j J. H.
Otey, Acme; L. E. Pels, S. F. R. C.J B. C. Ray
naud, B. C. W. ; P. A. Deacon, R. C. \V.
Fourth heat— R. Robison, S. F. R. C. ; R. A.
Coulter, C. C. C. ; J. Mack, I. C. C; F. L. Day.
B. C. W. ; H. Sternberg, C. C. C.
Fifth heat— Emil Languetin, B. C. W.; E. C.
Barley, L C. C; C. H. Staples, Acme.
First and second in each heat qualify for
semi-finals. First and second in bemi-flnals
qualify for final.
It must not be understood that there
will be any races by women at this meet.
By courtesy of the management of the
grounds the day is set apart as a benefit
for the Alpha Club, which is composed of
a lar<;e numoer of young ladies, mostly
resident in the Mission, who have formed
themselves into a cycling club. The meet
is sanctioned by the League of American
"Wheelmen, and its officials will conduct
the running of the events. Ladies will be
admitted free to this meet and popular
prices for men will prevail.
Another crack amateur has joined the
professional ranks, A. M. Boyden of the
Reliance Club of Oakland. He will make
his first appearauce in this class at these
races.
Wilbur F. Knapp, the announcer of all
California race me* ts, F. C. Chandler and
B. V. Chapman left for Australia yester
day by the steamer Monowai. They went
in the interests of various bicycle firms
with which tney are connected to make a
bid for the trade of the Antipodes.
Business has not been to brisk as it
might be on the coast this spring and sev
eral of the dealers look to Australia, Cen
tral America and the islands to dispose of
their consequent overstock. According to
Champion Zimmerman when he arrived
nere from Australia several months ago
that is a good place to sell American
made bicycles, as there is a great demand
for the higher grades of wheels and tne
sport is indulged in by over half the popu
lation.
The members of the Liberty Cycling
Club wish it stated that at no time have
they entertained the idea of consolidating
with the California Cycling Club. The
club is prospering by itself and prefers to
retain its individuality. Next Sunday
Captain Beattie will lead the members on
a blind run.
SPRING VALLEY FISHES,
The Reason Why Lake Pilar
citos Has Been Closed
to Anglers.
A Milkman Who Was Prevented From
Making Money by the Water
Company.
Anglers of this City who in past years
enjoyed many pleasant days' outing on
Pilarcitos Lake were much surprised a few
days ago when The Call announced that
the Spring Valley Water Company had
j decided not to open the lake to anglers
i this summer.
The directors of the company would not
1 state why the old favorite fishing waters
! in San Mateo County must not be whipped
this season by the devotees of the "gentle
art" of fly-castine.
It was surmised by some of the stock
! h olders that the directors had ordered the
j lake closed because some one had
! reported at the office that a few of the
' young mus_alonge which were planted in
j the lake several years ago had been seen
and to prevent their capture angling was
| stopped for this year at least.
It now transpires, however, that the
muskalonge had nothing to do with tne
closing of the place in question. In fact,
the "destroyers of fishes," which were
j planted in Lakes Pilarcitos and Merced,
have not been seen since the time of their
I liberation, and the presumption is that
j the experiment has proven a failure.
A gentleman who is in a position to
speak correctly said yesterday:
"In the first place, the keeper of Pilar
citos Lake made it a part of his business to
entertain numbers of pleasure-seekers at
his house, which is situated on the margin
of the lake, during the months when
angling was permitted.
"Several anglers who journeyed from
this City foi the purpose of enjoying a
day's trouting found, on their arrival at
the lake, that the tourists and health hun
ters had taken up all of the Bleeping ac
commodations, and as a consequence the
fishermen had to enjoy the nocturnal com
forts found in lounges and chairs that had
seen better days.
"The company grew tired of bearing
complaints from anglers who had met
with disappointment at the lake, and, as a
means of stopping all further annoyance
on this score, it issued orders to the keep
ers of each lake that they must not enter
tain guests in future at any season of the
year. This order went into effect at the
opening of last year's nshing season, and
is e till enforced.
"When Fiiield, who is the owner of sev
j eral acres of land surrounded by the prop
i erty of the water company, learned that
I Keeper Ebright had been cut off from
1 making his annual summer's harvest of
dollars, he immediately decided upbn
erecting a nice resort for anglers on that
■ part of his land which is within easy
i reach of Lake Pilarcitos.
"Of course the information regarding
I Fiheld *3 intention was immediately tele
i phoned to the water company, and the
directors quickly decided to block the
milkman's fishy game by a threat to stop
j his teams from traveling over a road built
j by the water company for its own con
! venience.
'Fifield sought legal advice, and when
he learned that the corporation could not
lawfully prevent his teams from going
over the road which leads to b.13 residence,
he started in to erect a palace for anglers
and sportsmen, but the proposed 'little
houae under the hill' did not make its ap
peannnce, and in all probability it never
will be seen by either milkmen or fly
casters.
•'The water company was bound to hold
the winning hand, and, as a final means
of blocking Fifield's scheme for making
easy money, it issued orders about a
month a>ro to its keeper, Ebrigl.t, not to
allow any fishing on Lake Pilarcitos this
season, and now you have the story of
the lake. I understand that fishing on
Ban Andreas Luke will commence on
July 1."
A stupidly obstinate piece of litigation
has just been settled by the House of Com
mons. Two Aberdeenbhire land-owners
quarreled over the right to fish in the river
Dee, which borders their estate for 150
yards. Both admitted that the fishing
was of no value, but they spent $15,000 to
have their rights decided.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
FINE NEW CHURCH
FOR DR, MINTON,
Westminster Presbyterian
Congregation Will
Build.
PLANS ARE ACCEPTED.
A. Geddes, the Architect, Built
the Present Church Forty
Years Ago.
THE TESIGN A KENAISSANCE.
It Is Expected That the Bui
Will Be Completed By Sep.
tember.
Westminster Presbyterian congregation
has decided to erect a handsome church at
the corner of Webster and Page streets.
Plans have already been accepted and
FACADE OF TIIE PROPOSED WESTMINSTER PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
[Drawn from the architect's plans.]
work on the building will be commenced
immediately. It is expected that by the
beginning of September the new church
will be ready for occupancy.
The site is only a few blocks from the
present church, Which ifl on Fell street,
between Oetavia and Laguna. The new
building will be larger and handsomer
than the present one, however. Tlj
of the main building will be 56 feet in
width by 62:4 in depth, but the depth will
be added to considerably by a rear Sun
day-school building 62x44. The seating
capacity of the audience-room will be 400,
with a gallery capable or holding 225 more.
The seating capacity of the Sunday-school
rooms is to be 575.
The design of the building is in the
renaissance style. The foundation will be
of brick, with freestone for the first front
and stone steps. Tne entire buildinc will
be covered with Queen Anne and fancy
shingles, and all tne windows will be of
catheural giass. The leading or main en
trance roof is to be of pressed steel, some
thing entirely new on this coast. The
designs into which the steel is to Depressed
are exceedingly handsome and ornamen
tal, and the steel tablets, when placed in
position will be tinted and frescoed. AH
the interior walls and ceilings will be
tinted and frescoed. The pews will be of
oak, and the entire.building will be lighted
with electricity and heated on the latest
improved methods.
On the second floor there will be a pas
tor's study, with a bay-window. There
are to be three large Sunday-shool rooms
on the rirst floor, one of which will be
large enough to be used for entertain
ments. On the second floor will be six
Sunday-school rooms. The orj;an Jolt will
be 19x20 feet, and the platform for the
pulpit 7x20.
The architect of the new building is Mr.
Geddes, who has designed more thah forty
of the churches in this State. More than
forty years ago Archibald Geddes was one
of the Presbyterians most active in organiz
ing Westminster church; he leased the
land on which the present church stands,
and was the architect of the church. For
forty years he has been a member of the
congregation, during twenty-seven of
which he was superintendent of the Sun
day-school.
The exact sum of money to be spent on
the new building in not quite definitely
settled, as some of the minor details
may be made more costly. Most of the re
quired amount is already collected, or cov
ered by pledged subscriptions, and there is
nothing to hinder the work being com
menced immediately.
Westminster Presbyterian Church lias a
membership of about 250 and a new
church has been talked of for some years,
though it was not till Thursday night that
the trustees decided to build. The pastor,
Rev. Dr. Minton, left this week for Glas
gow, Scotland, where he is to read a
paper before the pan- Presbyterian Coan
cil. He is expected back before the shin
gles of the new church are up.
Catching Lady-Birds.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 26.— Professor
John B. Smith of the New Jersey experi
ment station, whose lady-bird collecting
tour through California was announced in
a recent issue of The Call, reached Berke
ley to-day, after a sojourn of several weeks
in Southern California. He will remain in
Berkeley for only a short time, after which
he will proceed to catch the remainder of
the JIOOO worth of the scale pest-destroying
insects for which he was sent to California
by the State of New Jersey. "It has been
found," said be, "that where lady-birds do
their best work in destroying fruit pests is
in the collaboration of tnree certain spe
cies. In their combined efforts seem to
lie their success."
The professor baa found two of the«e
ppecies in New Jersey, but the third seems
to be wanting there. It is for this third
family that he is searching.
Palo Alto Against Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 28— Saturday
afternoon the Palo Alto and Berkeley
i Grammar Schools will play a game of base
] ball on the University of California dia-
I mond.
•—• — * — •- —
WHARF DREDGING.
J. P. Taylor Shows the Public Mayor
Davie'.n Statements Are
False.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 27.-J. P. Taylor
to-day received from Henry Nelson, master
of the American ship Columbia, that
was stuck in the mud off th* city on
Saturday, notification that he would have
to pay the expense of getting the ship off,
and of the fact that hereafter all vessel
owners would be cautious about cnartering
for this city until the wharf was suitably
dredged.
In commenting on this Mr. Taylor said:
"Mayor Davie vetoed an ordinance pro
viding for this very dredging, on the
ground that there was no need of it. Any
one who has to do with ships knows his
statement was contrary to the facts, but
as the general public does not yet know
how utterly unreliable most of his state
ments are", this may serve to enlighten
them."
Lotteries Raided.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 28.— Chief Lloyd
made another grand swoop on the Chinese
lottery joints in this city last night, and
as a result eleven of the fellows who con
duct thorn were lodged in jail with a num
ber of cnarges placed against them. Big
Jim's establishment on Eighth street, near
Washington, which was recently fitted up
with a blind partition to prevent police iu
teiference, was among those raided.
IMPROVING THE MISSION
Many Substantial Buildings in
Course of Construc
tion
Remarkable Activity cii Foteom Street
After Many Years' Ces
sation.
Activity in buildine circles has recom
menced in the Mission, especially that
portion of the district between Folsom
street and Potrero avenue, from Sixteenth
to Twenty-sixth streets. This neighbor
hood, which has for years remained almost
unimproved, while in the territory farther
out many new buildings have been erected,
has at length taken a start, and is being
rapidly filled up with structures.
The paving of Folsom street, which is
now going on between Fourteenth and
Nineteenth, may have partially caused
the extensive improvements in the neigh
borhood.
On the northwest corner of Sixteenth
and Folsom streets a substantial three
story building, 75 by 75 feet, is being
erected by John Center, the Mission capi
talist. When completed the lower floor
will be occupied by a restaurant and a
barber-shop and the two upper atones
divided into rooms. The value of the
improvements is about $10,000.
Half a block away a brewery on the
east side of Folsom, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, is building a brick addi
tion. The cost of the alterations and addi
tions will probably reach $9000 or $10,000.
In the neighborhood of Twenty-first and
Bryant streets a great many new build
ings are springing up.
On the east side of Bryant street, south
of Twenty-first, two buildings, one a seven
room residence, the other a store and flat
above, are being built.
On the southeast corner of Twenty-first
and York a store with a five-room flat up
stairs is in course of construction.
On the north side of Twenty- first street,
between Hampshire and Potrero avenue,
an eight-room residence for F. W. Banks,
to cost $2000, and at the farther end of the
same block a $1600 building, is going up.
On the opposite side of the street H. C.
Anderson is building a neat cottage.
Two cottages are being finished on Hamp
shire street, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second. . Two other cottages are
being built on the same block.
Besides these several large buildings are
being erected a few blocks farther out. On
the south side of . Twenty-fourth street,
west of Folsom, a $7000 building, store with
flats above, is rising rapidly. A block
farther out, on the northwest corner of
Twenty-fifth and Folsom jjtreetß, a large
building, consisting of three stores and live
flats, is being built at a cost of $11,000. ;
Such activity in building circles is '. ex
tremely encouraging to Mission residents.
When the Noe litigation shall have been
settled and the present cloud removed from
property west of Valencia street; a corre
sponding series of improvements will prob
ably take place in that neighborhood, and
the Mission should enter upon an era of
unexampled progress. .
■« _i -_
The German army uses 137,000,000 blank
cartridges a year,
SCHOOL MEDALS
MUST SOON GO,
No More Souvenirs for
Bright Girls and
Boys.
A SOURCE OF JEALOUSY.
The Bridge and Denman Prizes
Will Not Be Used Next
Term.
PRINCIPALS' PERTINENT VIEWS
A Luxury for Few — An Injury to
Many— The Pupil at the Foot
of the Class.
It has been virtually determined by
the educational Solons that the medals,
which for so many years past have been
awarded to the public school children up
on their graduation from the grammar
grades in recognition of excellence in
scholarship and deportment, are more
harmful than beneficial. At the end of
the term these glittering souvenirs that,
with their blue ribbon attachments, have
been worn so proudly by so many bright
and well behaved boys and girls will be in
use no longer. They are doomed and will
soon be only a recollection of past days.
Pride is not the sole feeling associated with
these medals, for their distribution as ex
perience shows has been provocative also
of many heartaches and jealousies.
Conformably to instructions from the
Board of Education, Superintendent Bab
cock recently sent a circular letter to
primary, grammar and high school prin
cipals, inquiring: "In your judgment is
the presentation of medals advantageous?"
The answers received thus far from a score
of principals, including several of the rep
resentative schools, are emphatically in
the negative.
'I am firmly of the opinion," says Wil
liam H. Edwards of the Crocker Grammar
that the distribution of medals for scholar
ship and deportment is an unalloyed evil,
and for one I wish the Board of Education
'would find some means of abolishing the
nuisance.
"Those who win th? medals are those
from whom no effort is necessary. Often
the most deserving do not get them. Often
they are the cause of jealousy and bard
feeling. Often the recipients obtain them
by cheating and sharo practice. Olten
those who do get them place no value
upon them."
"I do not," writes James T. Hamilton
of the Lincoln Grammar, "regard medals
as a proper incentive to study. Few pupils
work for them alter the first two or three
months. The rest of the class drops out
of the race. Those that do work for
medals are the bright pupils, who need no
such stimulus. No matter how fairly
awarded, there are always some pupils,
and often a few parents, dissatisfied."
Miss Clara M. Johnston of the Fair
mount Primary thus tersely and strongly
expresses her views:
"If medals are to be distributed, the
number should be increased, giving the
pupils who have made great improvement
an equal chance with those who are
naturally bright or whose home surround
ings are such that they have every ad
vadta^e. In my own neighborhood some
of the brightest children come from homes
where parents are unable to read or write,
where no daily paper is taken and where
there are few if any books in the house.
Such pupils deserve medals before those
ranking hither."
Elisha Brooks of the Girls' High, A.
Hcrbst of the South Cosmopolitan Gram
mar, Albert Lyser of the John Swett
Grammar, T. B. White of the Washington
Grammar, Miss E. E. Slincen of the Whit
tier Primary, Miss H. M. Fairchild of the
Potrero Primary, Miss Mary A. Scherer of
the (iarlield Primary, Miss Caroline B.
Barlow of the Irving Primary and Mrs.
Lizzie K. Burke of the Columbia Grammar
all disbelieve in the advisability of medals.
The system of medal distribution finds
an out-and-out advocate in W. W. Stone
of the South San Francisco Primary, who
says:
"I believe in the medal system. Like
all other stimulants, medals should be
given on the prescription oi competent
mental doctors. • • ♦
"If there are men or women or children
whose powers of mind or body do not
glow best under the motive energy of
healthful emulation I have never "met
them. Medals properly mixed and purely
administered stir the sluggish blood and
impart activity to the halting brain."
Miss Agnes M. Manning of ihe Webster
Primary and Mrs. tiarah J. Mann of the
Hawthorne Primary also think that the
medals should be retained and distributed
impartially.
Superintendent Babcock says that
medals uratify the pride of a few at the
expense of the many, and should accord
ingly be discontinued. The pupil at the
foot of his class is, he holds, entitled to
the utmoet respect if he be in earnest in
his desire to learn and will, in the long
run, be likely to come out a winner.
The Bridge medals are for all deserving
boys graduating from the grammar grades,
and the Decraan medals are lor the girl
graduates of the Denman School only.
Individual medal funds have also been
created by several of the leading grammar
schools.
PAMPAS PLUMES.
California Ornaturnts That Are Likely
to He Used in the Coming
Campaign.
A new industry is springing up in this
State that few people have recognized —
the raising of pampas plumes. The
plumes are of great value in Europe for
ornamental purposes, and at one time
large quantities were shipped there, prin
cipally from the southern part of the
State. The trade was killed by a lot of
scheming middle-men and speculators,
who were not satisfied with fair profits.
Secretary J. A. Filcher of the State
Board of Trade has become interested in
these ornamental plumes, and with a view
of making them generally popular and
thereby fostering a California industry
has written the following letter:
Major Frank McLaughlin, Orovilte, Cal.— Mr
Dear Sir: As you are aware, the raising of
pampas plumes is an industry that is confined
in this country almost exclusively to Califor
nia. In 1891 we exported nearly three million
plumes. The martet has been mainly in
Europe, owing to a lack of appreciation of this
decorative product in this country. Some Re
publican organizations have adopted them as
an emblem of their order since the days of
Blame. More particularly the National Re
publican League, the California Republican
league, the Union League Club of Sun Fran
cisco and the Union League Club oi New York.
It is within the power of the delegation from
this State to the National Republican Conven
tion to give a great impetus to the demand for
thin California product oy a discreet use of
them at tne National Repnbliean Convention,
and to this cud I ask your co-operatiou. They
are raised larcely for export iv Southern Cali
fornia, and all Californiaus should co-operate
heartily in advancing a California industry or
creating interest in a California product.
Mrs. \V. H. R. Strong, an extensive grower"
of plumes at Whtttier, Los Angeles, County,
will donate sufficient plumes for the use of the
California and other Pacific Coast delegations,
provided it is agreeable for them to accept
them. She will at the same time go on to St.
Louis with a large supply or send them with
some trusted agent for the use oi the dele
gates and others at that convention. Her idea
is that they shculd not be displayed as a Mc-
Kinley plume, but held back by the delegates
until the nomination is made and then
brought out promptly by the Californians as c
candidate's plume of victory. In this way,
when ail are waving and hurrahing for the
man who has been successful, all will want
plumes to indicate their enthusiasm, and the
demand, as you can imagine, will be immense.
Subsequently, at the instance of our people,
they can be used in parades and other demon
strations, and in this way, br setting an ex
ample and using a little discretion in their
introduction, our delegates, besides partici
pating in ihe nomination of a Presidential
candidate, .may work a great good for Cali
fornia in another line.
If you think well of this idea please let me
know what you can do, as the head of the
Republican party in this State, toward carry
ing it out. My interest, of course, is that of
the State Board of Trade, which aims at all
times and by all legitimate methods to be
alive to the advancement of California and
California's interests. Tours very truly, etc.,
J. A. FILCIIEP.,
Secretary and Manager.
SPEAKER REED WAS OBS TINA TE.
The Speaker Said He Refused Because
Kern of Nebraska Would
Object.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 28.— 0n
Wednesday Johnson had an interview
with Speaker Reed, asking that he permit
the mineral lands bill to be called up and
voted on by the House. After consider
able discussion, in which Johnson urged
this with great earnestness and as being
demanded by California, the Speaker re
fused to agree to the request.
Johnson then asked Senators White and
Perkins of California and Mitchell of
Oregon and the California and Oregon
Congressmen to meet him this morning at
11:30 o'clock and together see Reed and
try to change his decision. Accordingly
this forenoon Senators White, Perkins and
Mitchell and Representatives Johnson,
Barham, Hilborn and McLachlan of Cali
fornia and Ellis of Oregon called upon the
Speaker and had quite an animated and
exceedingly interesting interview with
him. They presented anew the request to
allow the mineral lands bill to be called
up in the House. He was not asked to
favor the bill or to assist in its passage,
but simply to allow Ellis to bring it up in
the House, as he had been directed to do
by the Public Land Commissioner.
Senators Mitchell, White and Perkins
and Representatives Johnson and Ellis
did most of the talking to the Speaker.
Reed peremptorily^ refused to agree to
recognize Ellis or any one else to report
the bill, and refused to agree to allow any
motion to be made in regard to it. He
stated that Representative Kern of Ne
braska, who has been blocking legislation
by objecting to the presentation of meas
ures, would object to the bill being con
sidered even if ne allowed Ellis to call it
up. Johnson asked Reed whether he would
call the bill up if Kern could be induced to
withdraw his objection. The Speaker re
fused so to agree.
Reed, during the course of the dis
cussion, said he understood the bill was in
favor of the railroads in California, to
which Senator White responded: "Good
God, do you suppose I would be here in
favor of the bill if such was the case?"
Senator Mitchell made a very strong
appeal to Reed for recognition, saying that
the Dill was favored by the united Congres
sional delegation of Oregon and California,
and that he had secured the amendment
in the Senate including Oregon because
tbe bill was a good one and his people
wanted it, and with no idea that it would
militate against the success of the bill, and
he most urgently requested Reed to allow
Ellis to call the bill up.
When Reed refused, saying he did not
see how he could do it, Senator Mitchell
grew unparliamentary and Drofane. He
retorted angrily, "Well, if 1 was Speaker
of the House of Representatives, I'll be
if I couldn't find someway to secure con
sideration for the bills."
Mitchell declared that the Speaker could
not because he didn't want to; that he
could easily find a way if he wished to do
so. Reed and Mitchell exchanged some
warm words.
Johnson said to-night, "It is too
bad that one mau is thus able to block leg
islation, but I do not give up all hope, and
will continue my efforts to induce the
Speaker to recognize the bill."
'- HEW TO-DAT.
<v tf*S FAI L Q^
DOCTOR SWEANYI
He is acknowledged to be the most success-
ful Specialist of the age in the treatment of
all Nervous, Chronic and Private diseases of
both sexes. Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility,
Night' Emissions, Exhausting Drains, Impb-
tency and all sexual weaknesses and disorders
of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN' a
life-long study and practice. Special atten-
tion given to diseases of the Eye, Ear, Henri,
Heart, Throat, StomßCh, Liver and Bowels;
Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Organs. Prompt
and perfect cures guaranteed. Tha worthy
poor of the city are welcome to hi» beat pro-
fessional services on Friday afternoons of
every week, free and without cost. Hours:
9t012A. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sun-
days 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
F I BWFANY Mfi 737 Market St..
I. L. UflLHill, 18. U., San Francisco, Cal.
'is&M&^i\l'- FIFTY-DOLLAR
liillil ELECTRIC BELTS
_^^fc^__>fc— *=?• ir OK *'-' 5: $40 BELTS
JR^^tTSET^E-li -^ for *-0, and $30 Belts
T&tlßr&r&Mrvi?' for 15 *» alsogood belts for
'wjW *5. Latest patent and all
I • <V3»i' Improvements. &g* Call
' •i^> or write for new pamphlet
, ?> '* No. 2. Address DU.
: PTKRCH it SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco.
?PATENTSI >)
patents! :)
Not. & c ■____n_____ii_a___g___»;Qr^-_f
_20 MARKET SJ.SJT^Sf
llS#^ MANHOOD RESTORED — «
fS J^ CJ fflpaPl-^? inrU»liU**U alfc.U I WHUUvitalizer.theprescrlp.
N* <*? Wf WS . 23? id Won Of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\l\ V\ 1 \ iT ' \\ TOUS or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
v. hSSI \i " -___J ' Insomniatl'ainsln the Back, Seminal .Emissions, Nervous Debility.
I &*$L T *9Mk Pimples, TTnfilness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicooele and
1 \^. I* V. -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
v-", > s» /-- ness oi discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhtea and
RFFnor -am trrrD all the horrors of Impotency.ClTl»ll»EKEcleaascstheUver,Uu
Bcrwnb and Mr 1_« - _ii->»rs and the urinary organs of all impurities. •
1 CPPIDESE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Prostatitt*. CUPIDEXE Is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimont
als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cur%
| UK) a box, six fur $5.00, by mull. > Send for thick circular and testimonials.
Address DATOL HEDICI3J2 CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. Tor sal* by ;
BROOKS' PHAKMAOY, 119 Powell 6tre«fc
Weak Plants
Wither
In the summer heat, but strong ones grow
and flourish even when the earth is like a
furnace.
Weak men and women droop and fall
sick from slight causes. A little chill or a
little overwork is enough, but a different
story is told of bodies purified with
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
Excellent all the year round, this prince
of preventives has a place in every family
medicine . chest. It keeps up energy in
young and old, soothes throbbing nerves
and increases the power to assimilate food ;
is rapidly absorbed and shows its good
effects in quickened circulation and better
tone of the whole system.
Tell jjour- druggist or grocer you will
have only Duffy's.
ALL DISEASE IS CAUSED
BY MICROBES.
RADAMS MICROBE KILLER
TS THE ONLY REMEDY YET DlS-
•*■ covered that purifies the blood by
killing: the microbes in the human
body without injury to the system,
hence it cures ALL. DISEASES. This
has been proven in the District Court
of Travis County, Texas; Supreme
Court of New Yorlc City, and Correc-
tional Tribunal of Paris, France.
Pamphlets. Microscopical Examina-
tions and all information at main
office
RADIUS MICROBE KILLER COIPIST,
1340 Market St., San Francisco.
STATEMENT
....OF THE....
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
; -;' ; ....OF THE...
COMMERCIAL UNION
LWRAKE COHPAH, LIMITED,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE SIST DAY
December, A. D. 1895, and for tne year ending
on that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the state of California, pursuant to tba
provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up In
c*3h $1,250,000 00
' ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $2,392,751 53
Loans on bonds and mortgages 316,074 63
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 6,129,317 90
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, slocks and other market-
aDle securities as collateral 206,764 70
Cash in banks 1,752,322 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 83818
Interest, due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 3,813 98
Premiums i due course of collection 1,316,000 98
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 109,391*21
Total assets, life department 8,999,928 01
Sundry offices tor guarantees and re- J
insurance on losses already paid... 420,577 85
Bents and interest due 3,392 25
Stamps in baud 2.370 20
Total assets... $20,653,543 45
LIABILITIES. ~ '
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses in process of adjustment or | ««iH r ?nn on
In suspense j" * 08: »< d00 uu
Losses resisted, including expenses J
Gross premiums on fire risks run- |
nine; one year or less (reinsur- |
ance 50 per cent) I , 0-1500000
Gross premiums on fire risks run- |' li»lo.»OU 00
nine more than one year (rein- 1
surance pro rata) I
Gross premiums on marine -nd in- |
land navigation risks (reinsur- j
ance 100 per cent) V 950,000 00
Gross premiums on marine time |
risks (reinsurance 50 per cent).. J
Liabilities under life department.... 8,999,928 0-t
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 2,414 79
All other demands against the com-
pany.. 2,278,173 96
Total liabilities. $14.631.616 79
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums. $5,566,922 79
.Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 1,150,50277.
P.eceived for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 332,371 68
Received for transfer fees 255 62
Total Income of life department 1,240,733 0-1.
Total income 8,290,785"80
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $3,295,514 52
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 797,342 93
Dividends to stockholders. 312,025 87
i*Ri.l or allowed for commission or -
brokerage 787,665 50
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . f , ORa „-,„ . Q
Paid for State, JSational and local f I >-o 8 ! 5 '« la
taxes J
All other payments and expend!- - -
tares 854,881 38
'
Total expenditures *7,316,422 36
Fire. . Marine.
Losses Incurred during
the year. $3,183,074 00 $788,83300
KISKS A>» PREMIUMS.
" ~~ FIRE RISKS. j PREMIUMS.
Net amount of
risks written
during the year. $1,995,944,996 $7,266 478 72
Net amount of
risks expired
dunntr the year.. 1,079,380,172 4,695,656 66
Net amount in
force December
31,1895..;. 1,363,996,163 4,720,76013
- 1
. . jMABINK BISKS. I PREMIUMS.
Net amount of
risks written
during the year.. $388,957,055 $1,656,635 00
Net amount of
risks expired ~"-~:C
during the; year.. 383,735,405 1.637,775 00 '
Net - amount in
force December v
31.1895...: 94,345,600 963,525 00
JOHN TKOTTER, Chairman.
H. MAXfar, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day
of April, 1896. G. F. Warbkx, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH OFFICE,
301 California Street.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager.
-as MR IB ■ IV ■*• laxative refreshing tm
i 13 Kwl H ffl frult lozen R e -
I r« 875 W Stt ve«7 wee.ible to take.
" CONSTIPATION
N" hemorrhoids, bile,
I *J n I C U loss of appetite, gastric an«
I N F II intestinal troubles and
I II U I 9m II headache arising
from them. ■ ■
Ann 1 AAS E. GKILLON, '
ORsLLOrJ 88 Hue dea Archives, Fula
di|||_il_iUll Sold by all DrnxiUu.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/IHABLE9 H. PHILLIPS, . ATTORNEY- AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence ltiij
fell st Telephone, "line" 2591.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
; CMMAKY OF THK MAKK.JSTS.
Coffee quiet r.
Silver unelianced.
Shipment of $226,819 to China.
Wheat lower and dull.
Another advance in Oats.
Beans very dull.
New Wheat Hay arrived.
Old Potatoes weaker.
Onions continue demoralized.
Not much change in Vegetables.
Poultry weak ami quiet.
Butter steady. Cheese weaker.
Ku-gs show weaker indications.
cherries and Kerries keep up.
Barley, Rye and Corn unchanged.
Currants In poor condition.
Raisins r.nd Dried Peaches sell well.
Provisions dull.
Hides and Wool unchanged.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Belgic took out a treasure list of 91226,819,
consisting of $7944 in Mexican Dollars, *1175
in Gold Coin, $217,700 in Silver Bullion.
GROCBBY IMPORTS.
Imports of staple Groceries at this port during
the first four months of the year were as follows,
compared with the same period In 1896: Bugar,
157 073 00 lbs, against 130.775,000; Coffee, 10, -
669,000 lbs, iigainst 18,947.000; Bice, 23,927.000
ttis, anainst 3-', 169,000; Tea, 617,178 0)8, against
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
•t station indica:e maximum tempera:urt» for the
lays; those underneath it, If any, the amount of
rainrall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
Curing the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iao
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weathei 1 : "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually flrat appear on the Washington
coast. Wh'n the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the '-low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling 10 the v'aiifornia* coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result-
WEATHKR BUREAU REPORT.
I'NITED STATEB DEPARTMENT OF ABBICCI>
tike, Weathkr Buf.kau, Sas Franoisco, May
28, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions aud general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 50.98, last season 46.22; Be i Bluff 22. 13,
last season 29.71; Sau Francisco 21.20, last sea
son 25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San
Luis übispo 17.70. last season 26.02: Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.10; San Dieco 5.92, last sea
son 12.20: Yuma .8 I*,1 *, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 62. Red Bluff 94, Han Francisco 69,
Fresno 9H. ■-'an Luis obispo 76, Los Angeles 76,
San Diego 68. Yuma 108.
(■an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 59,
minimum 61, mean 55.
There has been a general fall in pressure (luring
the pas' twenty-four hours over the western half
of the country." The fall has been greatest over
MoEiiuna. reaching in the nonheru portion three
tent Us of an inch. The pressure is now far below
the normal over Oregon and California. There lias
been a great in-roaso in cloudiness over the entire
Pacific Slope. In Xevxda rain has fallen and
thunderstorms have occurred. Winnemucca rej
ports a maximum wind velocity of forty-eight i
miles from the south. Along the coast of Callfor- {
j ni;i fog has prevailed, and at Los Angeles rain lias |
fallen, and showers have occurred in the San |
Gabriel Valley and on the mountains.
The temperature has remained stationary over |
■ the southern half of the Pacific Slope. It has !
risen over the northern half and risen decidedly
over Idaho and eastward to the Dakotas.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours,
ending midnight, May 29, 1896.
Northern California— Cioudy Friday along the
coast; fair inland: southwesterly winds; cooler in
the valleys fog on the coist.
Southern California— Cloudy along the coast Fri
day; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather, and possibly light
showers in the northern portion Friday.
Utah— Cloudy weather, and probably showers
{ Friday. . - • '■'■ ;
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday:
. southerly winds, changing to southwesterly: prob
ably fog. AL.KXANDER G. MCADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
- NEW YORK MAKKETa.
Financial.
M V YORK, N. V., May 28.— There was an
Increase in business at the Stock Exchange to
day, but the activity was at the expense of values.
• There were several unfavorable factors at work,
the more important being the disaster at St. Louis,
with its great loss of life and the enormous de
struction of property, reports of heavy gold ship
ments by Saturday's steamer, the uncertainty
surrounding the political tuation and rather poor
statement of the Burliogtou and Quincy for April,
which was due to the light movement of corn.
The professional operators laid stress on the great
storm at the West, but they made little impression
on what are known as St. Louis properties, except
Mobile and Ohio and Laclede Gas, the former de
clining 2 and Laclede Gas 2Vi- Louisville lost
about a point, London selling oeing mainly re
• sponsible for the decline.
Foreign houses were also sellers of St. Paul and
other issues lis ed abroad. Favorable news, such
as the decision by the United .-states Circuit Court
in favor of the Joint Traffic Association and the
piospects of an early release of the Northern Pa
cific and Reading properties to their owners
through foreclosure sales failed to exert the
slightest influence. Total sales were 150,750
. shares. Sugar, as usual, led the list The socle
fell from 123 to 12114, rallied to and closed at
121%. The weakness of German granulated and
rumors of a break in raw abroad Induced some
Belli of the stock. . Reports' from Chicago of
fresh cutting of prices by the outside manufac
turers weakened tobacco, which sold down a point
to 6!i a/a. Later there wan a rally to 65y 8 .
'1 here was moderate pressure to sell the railway
list, end prices dropped V* to 1%. . The declin"
-! was most marked in. the rangers, lnierna' onai.v
General Electric, Chicago < as und Jersey Central.
In the inactive stocks Buffalo, Rochester and
Plttsbnre preferred brought iihVi^til, the last
previously reported sale. | Colorado Fuel fell 1% to
■JC'.i and Rubber preferred iy 8 to 82%. riie mar
ket closed irregular and In the main weak. Net
, changes snow losses of i/4@- per cent for th- day.
The market (or bonds: was weak. The sales
footed up $907,000. Wisconsin Central lives cur
tificates fell 3 10 36%, Atchison adjustment fours
B/s to 40, Cnicago and Nor hern Pacific fives cer
tificates 1 to 441/2. Kansas uiri Texas seconds &/s
to 58%, St. Louis und san Francisco consolidated
fours 2to 23 ai,d Warms second* Ito 74.
In Government bonds $100,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116%.
Grain. ■
■ 'FLOOR— Easy, dull, steady: . Winter - wheat,
low grades, .$1 7<>@2 85: do fair to fancy, $ 2 45®
3 55: do patents, $3 70@3 BO: Minnesota clears.
$2 45<a>3 05: do straits, $3 25@3 65; do patents,
S3 45@4 40: low extras. $1 70@2 85; city mills,
$4 05 a 4 15; do patents, *4 25(^4 45; rye mixture,
*2 50@3 50- superfine, $1 95fg)-J 20: fine, $1 70<a»
It 10. Southern flour, dull, easy: common to fair
extra, $2 20(&v:80; good to choice, #2 80@3 10.
Rye flour quiet: $2 40(gi'_' 80.'
FINAWCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
YVflt£L>CK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
i'.KANCH OFFICR
628 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel Main 5828
J. S. PIKIIV, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Jiank, tS. F.
CHICAGO. I'IUVATE WIRE. KJEW YORK.
1 CORNMEAL— Unchanged, easy: yellow West
ern, $2 05@2 10: Brandywine, 92 16.
RYE— Nominal; -No. 2 Western. 43@43V<iC.
BARLEY— unchanged Western. 39@41a
. BARLEY MALI -Quiet; Western. 48@53c.
WHEAT— DuII, firmer; f. 0.b.. 73",4 cto arrive;
ungraded red, 65@76c; No. 1 Northern, 68V4C to
arrive.
Options were fairly active and irregular, closing
steady at iwa'.ii- dt-cline on easier cables, foreign
selling and lower West. July and September most
active. No. 2 red. May, 65% c; June and July,
6f>i,4c; August, 64% c; September, 64% c: De
cember, 66G/8C
CORN— DuII, firm; No. 2, 83% c, elevator; S4%c
afloat.
Options were dull and steady at V c decline, fol
lowing the West and wheat. September and Oc
tober most active. May, 33% c: June, 34c: July,
345/gc; August, 35y 8 c: September 3s%c; October,
36y 8 c •»
OATS— Quiet, firm.
: Options dull, easier; May. 23c: July, 23Vif~
Spot prices: No. 2, 23 Vic; No. 2 white, 2514 c;
No. 2 Chicago, 24Vic; No. 3, 24!4c; No. 3 white,
24c: mixed western, 24id*25c; white do and white
State. 26@28c
FEED BRAN-56@65c.
MIDDLINGS—
RYE— 66a
Provisions.
BEEF— SIow, unchanged; family , ?8 60@9
extra n:e;s ?t'fg-7: b*ef hams. quiet, easy. $14 60; ;
tlerced oeef, sow. weak; city extra India mess.
l(a.ll 60; cut meats quiet, weak, unchanged;
pickled 1 bellies, 12 pounds, 4V (g,4 V*c; do
shoulders, 4i4@4%c: do hams, 9@9%c.
LARD— firmer; Western steam, *4 50;
city, $4@4 10: May. 94 50. Refined, dull, conti
nent. 94 60; South American, *;> 30; compound,
4@4%c.
PORK— active, steady; old mess, $B@B 50;
new mess, $8 75@9 26.
BUTTER— demand, unchanged; State
dairy, B@lsc; do creamery, 11@15%c: do factory,
7@10%c; Elgins, 1614 c; Imitation creamery, 10®
12c.
CHEESE— Quiet, weak: State large, new6g6%c;
do small, 4@7%c; part skims, new, 2@4%c; full
skims, l%@2c.
EGGS— choice firm, fair demand; State and
Pennsylvania, 12fg>12%c: Western fresh, 10%®
12c: do per case, 9i 80@2 70.
TALLOW— Quiet, steady; city, SVgc; country,
B@3V c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Steady, unchanged; crude,
21c: yellow prime. 24c; do off. grades. 24c
RESlN— Quiet, unchanged; strained, common to
good, $1 80(gl Bb.
TURPENTINE— Steady: dull, 26@26%c.
POTATOES— Quiet, weak.
RlCK— Firm, unchanged; Domestic, fair to
extra, S@s34c; Japan, 4@4y«c
Molasses— Firm; New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c
COFFEE— Steady: May, 40 points down: others
unchanged to 10 points down; June. $11 75; July.
911 40: August, $10 b5: September, slo 50: Octo
ber, $1IU2O; Decemoer, 910 15: May, $9 90. Spot
Rio, dull, nominal: No. 7, ISI4.
SUGAR— Raw. dull, steady, unchanged; fair re
fining more active. 3S/gCf*ft>: centrifugals. 96 test,.
4c %» !b: refined, dull, steady, unchanged; oil A,
4 11-16@47/ 8 c f* Ib: mold A, 6%c; standard A,
514 c; confectioners' A, 6ysc; cut loaf, 6ygc;
crushed, 5". 8 c; powdered, 6 9-16 c; granulated,
5V4c; cubes, 6 Vic
Fruit and Prodoc«.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS AND WALNUTS—
. APRICOTS?— Bags. 8y 2 @loc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, %* Ib, s%@Be; do peeled
12(81
PRUNES— Four sizes. 5&
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose Muscatel, S@3i,4c:
three-crown, 4@4y 8 c: four-crown, 4y 2 &Sc; do
London layers, 90cTg;$l.
HOPS— Quiet; steady; State common and choice,
2y a iaßc: Pacific Coast. 2y2@2%c.
WOOL— Quiet; steady; domestic fleece, 16@21c;
pulled, 16®33c; Texas, 7@l2c-
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
910 75(&13.
COPPER-Inactive: lake. 911 35@11 75.
LEAD— Firm; domestic. *3 02%@3 05.
TIN-Quiet: straits. $13 Bo@l3 «D.
PLATES— Moderately active.
BPELTEK-Weak: domestic, 94@4 05.
CALIFORNIA FKUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, 111., May 28.— Earl Fruit Com
pany sold cherries from San Jose, Cal., at open
auction to-day, realizing prices as follows: Black
Tartarian. 91 25@1 70; Kockport, «1 30@l 45:
Black Eagle, 91 45: Governor Wood, $1 45; Seed
ling. 9130; Belle d'Orleaus, $105. Twelve hun
dred boxes sold at an average of $1 54 per box.
loner Brothers Company sold at open auction
to-day California cherries at the following prices:
Tartarians, 91 35@1 60; Cleveland*, $1 55; Rock
ports, Governor Woods, 91 45; Bigareaus, 91 30©
1 45; Eagles, Oxhearts, 91 20.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., May 28.— Business in wheat
was slack this morning, while the feeling was
scarcely more than steady during the greater por
tion of the time. A cautious manner was exhib
ited by the bears, who do not deny that the pros
pects for a recovery are good and who look for
something in the way of damage reports at har
vest to help values. The Cincinnati Price Cur
rent in its summary reported no decided deteriora
tion in the crops, but at the same time gave no
improvement. It made the claim that the high
expectations which have been prevailing are not
justified. Liverpool quoted Id decline. Receipts
at Chicago were 14 curs, and 40,751 bushels were
taken from store. The Northwest had 430 cars
against 274 last Thursday. The corresponding
day last year was a holiday.
Good export clearances, 513,108 bush»ls, caused
a slight rally later in the morning, bnt afterward
on heavy liquidating."), prices broke almost a cent
from the high point attained. Gold exports from
New York were quoted as explanatory in part of
the weakness Closing Paris cables were 15 cen
times lower for spot wheat, but otherwise un
changed. Berlin was unchanged to 1 mark lower.
Antwerp was unchanged. On covering by shorts
almost a full recovery took place before the close.
July wheat opened from 58y 2 c to 68 %c, sold be
tween 5734 c and 583 /4 o(o 58" closing at bHS/g, a
shade under yesterday. .Estimated receipts for to
morrow, 13 cars.
CORN— corn market hinged on the wheat
market. The receipts were again heavy at 590
cars, but as the trade has been expecting an en
larged movement, the effect at this time Is not
very pronounced as a factor, although they serve
to deter investment buying. Withdrawals from
store were 264,907 bushels. Liverpool cables
quoted Vid decline. Export clearances were 176,
-t>27 bushels. July corn opened at 288/gC. sold be
tween -814 and 28Vac, closing at 28Vi(3>283/ a c, i/ 8 c
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row. 605 cars.
DATs— Were traded In with a moderate degree
of activity. The transactions aid not reach any
great magnitude, however. The buying was prlri
c.pally by shorts, while the selling in many in
stances represented liquidation by disheartened
holders. Receipts were 258 cars. There were no
withdrawals from store. Kxport clearances were
2250 bushels. The feeling averaged steady. At
the close July oats were unchanged from yester
day. Kslima ed receipts for to-morrow 426 cars.
FLAX— easy. ' Cash, 83Vac; July, 82c;
September. 84c Receipts, 17 cars.
PROVISIONS— The action and tone of the pro
vision market were slow and steady. The busi
ness was of no interest outside tue small gathering
of professionals and commission house repre
sentatives In the pit. The low prices which pre
vailed offered but little opportunity for profit to
the short seller, and on the other hand the bulls
can present no argument tor improvement. On
buying by shorts prices advanced late in the ses
sion and the close was quite firm. July pork
closed 20c higher than yesterday, July lard 12 Vac
higher and July ribs 7«»@10c higher.
.. BUTTER — The market was firm for fancy
makrs. Undergrades were somewhat slow. The
demand for the former was good, and offerings
were moderate. Creameries— Kxtras, 15c; firsts,
14@l*ViC: seconds, 10@13c: - imitations, fancy,
ll®l3c. Dairies— Kxtras' 12%@13c: firsts. 11%
lie; seconds. 9c. Ladles— Extras, 9(0,10c; firsts,
86s»»y c: packing stock, 7c.
t£O ■ .">— Were active and firm. Offerings were
no large, and the Inquiry was good. Fresh stock
sold at f»J/ 3 @ioJ^c & dozen.
MOKE)- Was b% on call and 6@7J{ on time
loans. . New York exchange sold at 90c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT- May. 58c; July, 58% c; September,
59Vi@5P3/sc
CORN— May. 2714@27V5c; July, 2HV4@2B%c;
September, 29% -■
OATS— May, 17% c; July. 18%@18Vic; Sep
tember, @18y 8 c
PORK— *7 22%; September, *7 40.
LARD— JuIy, 94 HI 1/2 '■ September. *4 45.
P.lßS— July, *3 90. September, $1 02%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. Ik., May 28.— The
market for cattle to-day was firm. Receipts were
light, and prices averaged 10c higher. The de
mand for hogs was slow and indifferent. Although
the arrivals were light the feeling was easy, and In
some Instances pr ces were a shade lower. Sheep
were steady. The arrivals were disposed •of
readily. . . t .
CATTLE — Receipts. 11.000. Fancy beeves.
*4 30@4 40: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound I
steers, $4(£<l 25: (rood to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, *3 80fl>4 10; medium steers, 1000
to 1600 pounds. $.1 65r<?.3 7ft : common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 35643 60: choice feeders
900 to 1200 pounds. 83 00(a..i 90; common to choice
mockers. $2 80@3 50: bulls. choice to
extra. *2 90i%3 26; bulls, poor to cnoice. 82 00®
2 75; cows and heifers, extra. $3 70©4 00: cows
fair to choice, «2 40@3 70: cows, common to fair,
$1 60@2 35; calves, good to choice. $4 75&J
5 25: calves, common to good. $3 25»4 70: Texas
grass steers, $2 eO(p,3 30: T«»xas fed steers. S3 10
@3 85; Texas cows and bulls. 82 30@3 20; milkers
and springers, pet- head, "$20@35. ■
HOGS— Receipts, 28,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. S3 o!>(*3 30: common to choice
mixed. *3 10ia.3 40; choice assorted, S3 40K6
3 50; light, *3 J>o®3 55; pigs. $2 50@3 60.
SUKtr- Receipts. 10.00 a Inferior 10 choice,
$2 BO 4 30 ; lambs, S3 25.&5 15.
; NKW a«j...». SIOCKB.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. .~
Money on call easy at ' I%@2*: last loan at. 2%;
and closing offered at 2&. I'rlroe - mercantile
paper, 4V2®SX. Bar silver, bßs/ c. Mexican dollars.
63V1C "sterling" exchange steady." with actual
busiuess in cankers' bill* at. %i xi^Qm 8734 for 60
days and $4 SB@4 90Va_ for demand. Commer
cial bills, *4 8*534(0,4 .b~Vi. Government bauds
steady; State . bonds dull; railroad • bonds weak.
Silver at the board weak. - -
, . closing stocks.
'Am Tel A Cable.... l»2 ' \ .\<>ri...ic ,t Wei-.. • js,i.
Atchlson."...' - ' **% Preferred. .1 74*
; Preferred.. '.;"...••" 2 l 3 /t Northern paciao.-. - 4*/?
A dams Express... 150 Preferred. ...... „ • I 5 yi
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
Alton. Terr* Haute. 6S Ncnnwe»t«rn....,.lOsi/ 8
American Express.ll4 Preferred ........ 148
American Tobacco. 65% N. Y. Central 96y 4
Preferred........ 99 >. Y. Ch icago&Hli 123^
Bay Btate Ga5... ... 28% Ist preferred..... 76
Baltimore & Ohio.. s7§6 id preferred...... 31
l.ruuswicic Ijiii Is.. • %5.V. &N. H...»,..175
Buffalo, Roch iP. 18% N. V.<& New Eng. 45
Canada Pacltio.... 6*^%iN. Y. busq<ft W.« 8%
Canada (southern.. .r>oi/4. r >oi /4 Preferred. — "■ \t
canton Land 60 7/87 /8 Ontario. ............ 13
Central Pacific. ... 1-1 juniario<& Western, 14
i its. A 0h1a...... g Oregon Improvmk %
Chicago Alton.. 157 Preferred. —
Preferred. 170 Oregon Navigation. 14
Chicago, B. •&(*.... 77 Oreeon bhort Urn, .■ 6
Chicago* K. 1U... 41 l'acinc M*U......»' 25%
Preferred. 99% Peona. D.A Evan* 2
Chlcagouas 66 »/ 4 Pittsburgh W pfflu 6
Cleve<fc Pittsbnrg.l63 Pullman Pa1ac«...157
Consolidation Coat. 32 quicksilver.. 1
Consolidated Gas.. 2 Preferred...... ._ 16
CC C &Ht- Lout*. 31 Vt Reading iv
I'reierreu. 82 RkKirandedtWsMa 15
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. -7 1 erred.... ..— 10
Preferred 100 Bock 1e1ana. ...... 098/9
Cotton Oil Cert.... X2V» jtomeWat <kOgdenll4%
Commercial Cable. 150 bu L. & a. v* 4 '. 2
DeL Hnd50n.......ia4% Preferred.. 10%
Del.Lack<&W«aternl6o% BUPaoi .« 76
Denverdtß. u_.... i 2»/ 4 Preferred.... 127%
Preferred. 465 s tit. Paul A Duluta. 23
Distillers 174 a Preferred. 80
General i£l*ctrto... 3 <•'; * Kt. Paul 4. Omaha. 42%
k-He...... .......>- 13% Preferred. ...... 124
Preferred 35y 4 *>«- P. M. <t M.... .112
fort Wayne 16 % Silver Ceruncates.. 6 M ' 4
(ireatNorthernDtallh bouibern Pacina^ 18 /4
Ureen&ay Kraincra ti. ».... 878 7
iiariem  296 '; Preferrea. ....^^. .'M^s
Uocklnz Coal 2yi'fcuear Hennery.... 12 1 y 8
Hocking Valley.^ **> I Preferred. 103 'U
Homestake 3.' Term. Coal & Iron. '4!>Vi
H. A Texas Cenu. 1 Preferred; 100
Illinois central.... 92 Texas Paclflo 8
lowa Central....... 8 ToI.A.A.&N.MIOJa.— —
Preferred. — 82 101. & Olilo c«n.... 32
Kansas A Texas.. ll',i Preferred. 70
Preferred _ 245/4 ; lol.Bt.Louli* X.a 0 *
Kingston & Pern... 3 ' Preferred 5
Lake Kne * Wesu 17% Union Padfle...... "•'• i.
Preferred 7) iU P.. Den. <k Quit. 8
La*e tth0r»....."...149 L S. Cordage.. .„.. 6%
National Lead..... 34% Preferred M 10
Preferred _ 88% Guaranteed... ..— 20%
Long Islana 79%5d (5. ExDre\»...._ 40
Louisville «t Nash. 49 I.X Leather. .._ 9
LcuiaviUnNaAUQ. 9 I Preferred. .„ 63%
Preferred 19 C. P. Ruober - 23%
Manhattan Consoi. 10234 Preferred. *'i
Mempnu * Cliarla. 15 Utlcadtß. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 9341 Wab. B. L. &Pao.. 6%
Michigan Central.. £6 1 Preferred. _ 17
iiinn & a. l. Wells-Faivo. 97
Preferred. — Western Union... 84 , i
Minn. dt St. L com. 18% W is Centra 1 ........ 1
Ist preferred 77 Wheeling dt US.. 9%
I'd preferred 43% Preferred. 36
Missouri Paclflo.. .. 21% Am Cotton Oil pfa. 51 3 a
MobU»A Ohio ls>3i W U Beef 7»y4
NashvlUeChatt.... 68 Ann Arbor 7%
National Linseed.. IS Preferred 2 -I 1
K.J. Ceiiiral 105 Brooklyn Traction. 24
North American... 6%Erie2dpfd 23
CLOSING BONDS.
cr«ii,ne 1088,411 X T 2ds 68
Do, 4s coupon... 109 1.4 1 Do. 4«. 85
C P 4s new res lit! ■< Mutual Union 85... 114
Do, 4s coupon. ..116% N J Cent Gen 65. ..119 V*
Do. 2s 94 i,H: Northern Pac lsta.ll7
Do. 6s 1123/71 Do, 2ds 115
Do. 6s couDon_.. H284 Do. B<!s 73
Cherokee 4s, 189t>. iOO Northwest Consols. 140
Do. 1897- 100 Do. deb 6s~ 110
r0.1898- 100 OR&N lsts HO
Do. 1899.. luO ißiLAlronMtOenßs 79%
Pacific 6s 0f '96.... b'l L<t F Gun 113
D. C. 3-6 6s 109V4 ft Paul Consols ...131
Ala Class A*. 106 tt. P. C. & PalsU. 118
Da Class 84, ss. 105 j Do. Pac Cal • its- 1 1 1
LaConsol«s. 98 Southern R. R. Os. 9SV4
Missouri funding..— Texas Pacific firsts 90%
N Carolina con as.. 124 Texas Pacseconas. 21 •
Do, 45... 101 inionPac Istor»a.lo3»i
Po Carolina 4%5.~10S West Shor* 4s. 10iy 8
Tmnnewas 81% Mobile & Ohio «■.. Gail
X* funding dene... 60» UranaeWest lsts 76
£°. "g Chesd.OSs 107?/,
Do. deferred os. _ 5 Atchison 45........ 78
iJa trust rcDt» st 7 I Do. 2ds a.._ 40>A
tSDsaa Boutn 205.. 104% G H <fe 8 A 65.. 105
ten Pac lets or '96 102 j Do. m 7s. 101 V*
LtDAROUt 11l BATex Cent 5.:.109
- Co -« 8-—8 -— 81,, Daconee 100
*- rie2 <l« 64% Beading 4a 79%
£an*as Pa Consols 72 Mls»oun «5». ....... lOU
, *.« ** lsu l>«n divlliy^ l
FORKItiN MARKETS.
WBCAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ens., May 28 —The spot market
Is lower at 6s 3^il@6s 4Vad. Cargoes dull and
weak at 27s sellers, on passage.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
6s l%d; June, 5s l%d; July, 6s 13/ id: August, 5s
134 d; September, 6s x'/td.
nrxrmznm
LONDON, Eho.. May 28. — Consols, 113SA;
silver. SlVid: French Rentes, lOlf 80c.
EXCHANUK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — «4 88%
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 69V«
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Fine Silver, V ounce — tSBB/s
Mexican Dollars 64V4 '4%
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Shipping descriptions are lower again
and the market is dull. Choice milling is quoted
dull and easy. No. 1. $1 02V«@l 03%; choice,
$1 U5(o»I 06V4 r ctl: lower trades, $1&1 06; extra
choice ior muling, SI 12y a g9i 20 ft ctl.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — December—
100 tons, 97c: 1500. 97% c; 100, 97% c; 300,
9754 c: 100, 97% c; HK), »76« c. . .
Kkodlar Mobnino >k!vMoN— December— loo
tons. 98:: 600, 98% c; 1000. 98v*c: 1200, 988/ 8 c;
1000, 98% c. May, 1897-100, 91 02%.
aktkhnoon Ukssiox — December — 100 tons,
08% c; 100. 98% c.
BARLEY— Business continues quiet. Feed, 71JA
(3,7 2 Vac: choice, 733/ A c; Brewing, bO<£B6c.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, 71c. May— loo, 74c; 100, 73% c.'
Kk.iiti.ah Mokm.vb Skssicn— December— 2oo
tons, 71% c: 300, 713/ a
afternoon — No sales.
OATS— Another advance is ■ noted and the mar
ket rules firm. Milling, 82%@87%c^ ctl; fancy
Feed, 87%@90c; good to choice. 8J%@87%c
-common 10 fair, 76@80; Gray, 77%©86 c; burprise.
97%cK9i*ctl. '.
CORN— Continues dull at previous prices. Large
Yellow, 90<J3,9:.'y a c » ctl; Small .Round do, 97M,c;
White, fcO@Bsc%» ctl. / ™
RYE— 75@77%C * ctL ' J
BUCK VV HE A 1 — 85@90c 9 otL
" FLOUR AND MIM.STI Kit.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 76@3 85 "p. bbl: Bakers' extras, 83 65®3 65:
superhne, *2 75@3.
CORNMKAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 919 50(»20-
Cracked Corn, 9*20 60@'2l $ ton.
MILLSTUFFS-l-ricesin 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c; Rye Flour. 3Vic: Rice Flour. 7%c: Corn
meal, 2!>i(lj3c; extra cream do. 3%c; Oatmeal,
3 .. c; Oat Groats, 4 1 7; Hominy. 4Ca,i^/' a c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%e; Funna,
4y-jc: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats. 4%c-
Pearl Barley, 4y a c: »pUt Peas, 4»/ 4 c; Uroeu do,'
61 /4 C V tb.
HAY AND FEKDSTUFF3.
BRAN— 50 ft ton.
MIDDLINGS-916 50@17 80 9 ton for lower
grades and 18@19 it ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF 3 — Rolled Barley, $165516 50:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 920 "$ ton; jobbing, 921;
Cottonseed Oilcake. 921 V ton.
HAY— A car of new Wheat from Contra Costa
' County came In and was quoted at 99. Old Hay
was unchanged. Wheat is quotable at ?S(a,ll 60
"%>. ton: Oat, $7(ai9 %* ton: Wheat and Oat, 981*11 :
Barley, 97@8 60: Alfalfa. *7(g>9: Clover, 96@7 50:
Compressed Oat. 96 50^8; Compressed Wheat, $7
10 50; Stock, *tt&7 «4 ton.
STRAW— 3O@SOc c* bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS- Dealers quote previous prices with a i
dull market. Bsyos are quotable at 90c@f 1; Small
Whites, $1 25@1 40 9 ctl; Pea, SI 25@1 45
•9. ctl: Large Whites. Sl®l 15 V ctl: Plntc,
90c@Sl; Reds, 81 26; . BlacKeye. SI 40(^1 86:
Red Kidney, SI So@l 65; Limas, 82 60®2 75;
Butters, SI 40(3,1 BO for small and 91 25@1 60 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at 81 50
@2 25 9 ctl; Trieste. 82@2 50 "0 ctl; Yel
low Mustard, SI 40@l 60, Flax, 91 70@X 80; Ca
nary, J%c « ft; Alfalfa, 7Mi@9i^c V 1b; Rape,
2y c* Ib; Hemp, 3V«8O,» ft.
DRIKD PEAU-81 25@1 40 * cU for Nile* and
91 25<$1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VKOKTABLES.
POTATOES— OId are weak again, bat new are
steady. New Potatoes in sacks, BSc@sl 10 ft ctl;
new Early Rose In boxes from the River, I@l 26;
new Garnet Chiles, SI 25; New Burbank Seed
lings, $1 50: Oregon Burbanks, 65@90c %* ctl;
Kariy Hose. 60® isc; Petalsma and Tomales, 60®
70c %* ctl; Uumboldt Burbanks. 65(a.75c f» cv. '
ONlONS— Continue weak at 25&535 eft ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 60>* boxes As
paragus, 129 boxes Rhubarb and 564 sacks Peas,
: str ii;c Beans are '- weaker and Los Angeles Beans
arrive in poorcondition. ■
A lamed a - Summer Squash, .6c; Los Angeles
Summer Squash, 75c@Sl » box: Egg Plant, 18c ijl
tb: Los Angeles Tomatoes, 92fi$2 50 ~*\ box; Cucum
bers, 50c@Sl ¥ doz: Asparagus, 50c@Sl 26 f> box
for ordinary and 81 75(*2 for extra: Rhubarb,
50c@Sl 25; Dried Peppers, 7@9c: Green Peppers, 15
(ST-'Uc V Ib: Green Peas, 60c^81 % "k for common
and $125 for Garden; String Beans, s(£6c %t Ib for
Los Angeles and ti@Bc ft ib for Winters; Horse
Beans, 40@50c -^ sack ; Dried Okra, 12 Vic; Cab
bage, 45(a,50c V ctl; Garlic. 4@sc * St.
;IHTXKK, CUEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— No change to report.
Ckkamkuy — Fancy, 14@14y 3 c; seconds, ' 13®
13VaC H>.
Dairy— Fancy, IS.: good to choice, 12@l2>Ac:
lower grades, ll@ll%c. ' • . ™'
• CHEESE— Very weak with ample supplies.
Fancy mild new 'quotable at 6Vb®7c: common to
good. 6@tSc * Ib; Cream Cheddar. 10®llc; Young
America. B®9c * ib: Western, 10@llc; Eastern.
I2<aisv%c
KG a- Both ranch and store are slower and the
former we, quoted weak . and depressed with
accumulating stocks. Eastern Eggs, ll@l2o «4
dozen; Store Eggs, ll@liv>c: ranch. Keks, 12 Vi
@l4c; Duck Eggs, 14@15c f* doi. -■•"?•!
. ■ . J
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Prices show little change, but the
market Is weak.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 13@16c f, Ib for
Gobblers, 12@iRc for Hens: Geese, * pair, 91@
1 25: Ducks. $3(0}4 for old and $4((55 for young:
Hens, 93 60@4 50: Roosters, young, 97 50@9; do,
old, *4@4 50; Fryers, $6@6 50;. Broilers. $4tesfor
large and $-.'@3 for small; Pigeons, $i 2 6© 1 50 %4
doz lor young and old. • :. 4 'ff>;
GAME— is not quotable.
UECIDCOCS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— of Cherries were
2851 boxes, selling at 60@65c for White and Red
and,4o@6oc $ box for Black. Cherries In bulk, 5
@7c V Ib for White, 4@6c for Black and 3%@4%c
for culls.
Cherry Plums from Vacaville, $1 60 * box. \ '
Green Apples, 65c V box.
Figs from Yuma. 60c f* Ib.
Prlngle Apricots sold at 60c@91 "fr , box, 830
boxes coming in . . '
• BERRIES-Recelpts of Strawberries were 260
chests, selling at 97@9 9 chest for Longworths
and 9 5@7 for large berries. ■ ■■' '. ■ '
Gooseberries. 20@25c i* drawer and 2@2%c
tb in sacks for small and 25@30c ft drawer and 2%
@3c X) In bulk for large. ' ' ' ■ •
Raspberries, 65c » drawer;' Newcastle Raspber
ries, 91 60 ti crate. '
i Blackberries from Southern California, $2 60
crate. <■ '
Currants have a wide range. Good stock, sold at
$'(a>'i, but off stock went at 92@4. General com
-1 lam t of the poor condition of Currants Is heard.
Many of them are stripped from the bushes in
stead of being taken oft in clusters, and green and
rlpo are tumbled Into the box together. All this
hurts their sale, especially this year, when so
many are burnt and mildewed.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons have again advanced
under scarcity. Oranges are weak, but Limes
are firm, Oranges are quotable at 76c @$1 75
V box for Seedlings, 93@4 fi box for Navels, $1 50
@2 50 for Malta Bloods and $1 26@2 25 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons, 91 60@2 tor common and
$"- 60@3 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $8
tO 60; California Limes, $1 9 bx; Bananas, $1(3*2
bunch; Pineapples, 93@6 V dozen. . ,
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
The Cutting Packing Company's circular says:
"There has been considerable movement in Rais
ins and we do not think there are more than a
dozen cars remaining in the State. Fresno reports
five cars on hand, which are held at prices that
keep them out of the market. Prices have ad
vanced a quarter since our last reports. There
seems to be some Improvement In Peaches; choice
brignt stock is scarce and we do not think there is
more than enough fruit on hand to carry over until
new drying. Apricots are in very light demand
and the market is weaK. Prunes are not holding
their own."
D HIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 1%@20 %i Ib for anar
ter«-u. 2c for sliced and 4664 Vie or evaporated ;
teaches. 3(<isc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6i/,fa
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc $
Ib for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2y»c for im
pressed: White Figs. 4c in sacks: Pears. 7c ft !
Ib for evaporated halves, 3%@6c "£ Vt> for quarters; ■
Prunes, 3@3^;; Plums, S^c * Ib for pitted and j
for unpltted; Nectarines, 3%@5c * Ib for, 1
prime 10 choice and Me for fancy. f
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
V Ib; sun-aried, iv<i<<i2c: Peaches, 3y2fg)sc and 6c
for fancy; peeled In boxes. 12% c Ib; Prunes, 4c I
for four sizes, 5@5%c for 404*50's and 4i/ <<isc
for sO«j.tiO'.i; Apr.cots. eVi@9c for prime to choice '■
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black,' 3%c:
White tigs, 3@sc: Pears. 8c tb for evapor
ated halve*, and 4@7%c for quarters; Plums,
! 3 V3@40 for pitted and l@l%c for unpitted; Nec
i tarines. 4fd.sc f, Ib for prime to choice. 1
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
I follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
! crown, loose. 334 c; 3-crown. loose. 3c: 2-crown.
2%c V Ib: seedless Sultanas, 3W<s3Sic: needless
1 Muscatels, 2%@is c: three-crown I<oudnn layers, i
7()c $ box: clusters. $1 36<ai 50: Dehesa clusters.
( 92 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, 92 tiot&2 76; Dried
Grapes, .^ Ib.
Jobbino Prices— Four-crown loose, 3%@4c; 3
crown, 31,4 c r Ib: 2-crown, 234330. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c % Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, 91 50®l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, $2 76;
Dried Grapes, — — k-
UTS— Walnuts are quotab c at 9@llc i* Ib
tor No. 1 hard and ll@l3c > B> for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, 6@?%c ft Ib for Languedoc
and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5%
©7c for Eastern and 4%@5%c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished: Filberts, B(s9c; Brazil -Nuts. 9@loc «i
Ib; Cocoanuts, 94 50@5 f> 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c ft Ib for
bright and B®9c f* & for lower grades: water
white extracted, BijSVj:' f, tb: light amber ex
tracted, 4i4S4Sic: dark amber, 4o; dark, 2®30.
BEEaVVAX-25@27%c V tb.
PBoVIMOSS.
Continue dull and unchanged.
I CURED MEATS— B..con, 6c *Ib for heavy. 7c
for light medium, 9c '?. Ib for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c ft Ib for sugar-cured ; Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams, 10c ¥ Ib;
Mess Beef, 97 60@8; extra mess do, 98 50@9; fam
ily do, 910: extra prime Pork. 98 50@9: extra
clear, 914 bbl: mess, 912 V bbl: Smoked Beef,
1 10c ?> Ib. - '" - -»-. ■.; • :■■ ■ - ■ --■■■ •
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 6%e fk Ib
for compound and 634 c for pure: palls, 7%c: Call
\ fornia tierces; 6%c tor compound ■ and 6V»c for
win;-. half-bbU 6V*!&BVic; 10- tins, 7V«c; do 5-a>,
/ ie i> a*.
COTTOLENE— 6%c@6% in tierces and 7@7S/ 8 c
» Ib In 10-lb tins. . - |V
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7c ft Ib; culls and brands, 60' ft
Ib; medium. 6c ft Ib: culls and brands, sc; light,
6c: culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, 5@5%c % Q>;
culls and brands, 4@4%c: salted Xld. 5c ft tb;
salted Calf 7c: «alt«i veal. 6c: dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, 8c ft tb: dry Kip and Veal,
B(<i9c; culls. 7c: dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goat-
SKins, 20(0)35c each; Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good
summer, 3\>c: medium, 15@25c; winter, 10@16c;
sheepskins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool,
So@36ceach; medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
60c each. Culls of all kinds about U>c less.
TALLOW — .No. 1, rendered, 3y 4 @3y a o; No. 2,
I 3c: refined, 6 %®53 / ic; Grease. 2%c IS. •
WOOL — A locul circular says: " i he general tone
of the local and Eastern markets for Wool remain
unchanged. Some business is being done right \
along, but at rather receding prices from week to
week, with a weak disposition to operate on the
part of scourers and dealers. There has been more
or less of all quotable California; Wools sold here
during the week |at prices within range of quota
lions. Buyers are very 'careful, however, to take
only limited quantities, and therefore stocks,
though lighter than In any former month of May,
are onlr being reduced slowly. We don't hope for
any Improved conditions at an early date, and
therefore when buyer* can be found they get the
Wools at ruling quotations."
Valley Oregon quotable »tP@lo%c V Ib: do lower
grades, B@9%cf) Ib; Spring Nevada. 6®9c: San
Joaquin and southern Coast, six months, 4@6c;
Han Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 1@8c; ban
Joaquin, year's fieece, 4%@6%c; northern free, 7
@9c; do, defective, 6@6%c 14 tb.
HOPS— Nominally T%@3o f4 Ib.
GENERAL >l KKC 11 AN DISK.
BAGS-CalcntU Grain Bags, spot, 94 20® 4 25;
June-July delivery, 94 37%: San Quentln, 94 20;
Wool Bags, 24Va@2«Vac •
COAL- Wellington, 98 f> ton; New Wellington,
98 ¥ ton: Soutntield Wellington, 87 60 ton;
Seattle. Ss(«r» 60; Bryant, 95; Coos Bay $4 60;
Waiisend. 87; Scotch, 97 50: Brymbo. 97 50;
Cumberland, 911@!2 In bulk and $13(3)14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 911 60; Welsh An
thracite, 98: runnel, 97 .'0: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley. 97 60; Coke, 911($12
in bulk and 91. f. ton in sacks.
COFFEE— c. E. Bickford's circular says: 'There
is less doing, dealers' stocks being in better{volume
after the activity of the past month, and the
trlbu ive demand slow for this season of the year.
The scarcity of good and line Guatemala*, which
are still needed by the home trade, tends lav to
restrict business besides entirely cutting off a
healthy demand from overland points. With the
exception of Costa Rica, other sor.s are In com
paratively good supply, the proportion of undesir
able styles, being, however, unduly large. - Current
quality unwashed Salvador is easier but otherwise
no particular changes are to be made in our former
quotations. The .New York market Is lower, under
the Influence of increasing receipts of new crop at
the ports of Brazil, and tends downward. To-day's
first-baud stock la .PS3 Costa Rica, 82 Nicaragua, I
12.791 Salvador, 1.1,098 Guatemala and 282 Mexi
can— all 26,206 bags, against 33,220 same time
last year. The steamer San Bias Is due on the 28th
with 6250 bags." We quote market quiet at: -.v
Costa Rica— l9@2o%c for good to prime: 18
?>l9c for good mixed with black beans; ■ 18$i@
73£ c. tor fair; 13%@16Vic for common to ordi- j
nary. ■•.'• . ■••-;■
Salvador— 18@19J/ic for good to prime washed;
17Vi@l7%c ft, for »air washed; 19%@20c for
good washed peaberrv; 17V8@17%c for superior
unwashed; 16J;i(<8l6%c for good green unwashed;
19(ia(lS< : for good 10 prime unwashed Deaberrv.
Guatemala AND Mexican — 20..@21 l/»Cl /»C for
prime to strictly prime washed: 19 1 4®*uc for good
to strictly good washed; 17V2f<S18 :f 4C for fair '
washed; 16<g)17i4c for medium :"l4V4(ajls«4r for ]
ordinary; 12(514c for Inferior. to common: 20 Vi
fo-lc for good to prime washed peaberry; 19i($
19 Vic for good 10 prime unwashed peaberry. , " _ ,
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quote*, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed: Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6 Vie: Dry Granulated, .">■'• «c;
Confectioneis' A, sVac; . Magnolia •A. sc: Extra
C,'4%c; Golden C,' 43/ic: half-barrels, V* o more
than barrels, and boxes more. - -
- B YKUP— Golden, in bbla, 16c; Black Strap. 100 |
* gaL " ■ - ' '• • ' '' ' !
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. |
' Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follow*: ■ r'.V *.i £
BEEF— First quality, 6(c!)SV4C: second do, 4%©
48/ic; third do, 3V<i@4c * Ib. .■
VEAL— Large, 5&« c: small, 6@7c » Ib. '
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6y 3 c; Ewes, - 4Va3sc
* Ib. ■ • • ■ • :-, ■-- • 1 •■■ ' . .-•',•
LAMB— Lamb, 6@6 V c H ft. -
PORK— Live flogs, 3y B @3V4c 1* Ib for large »nd
8i,4@33 /8 c tor small and medium; dressed do, 4Vs
©5V4c * it. .....■■■,■ , .
KJSCEIPTS OF PBODCCK.
, FOB 24 HOURS.
Flonr. ar. sks...._ 6.777|Cheese. ctls. i. 188
Wheat, cut 340IKggs. Dos ........ 13,650
Barley, ct15........ 1,625 Ulaes, n0.... ~\ 69
Rye, cUs... 330 l'elts. 0d1».. ....... ■
Beans, ska. 6,1 00' Wool, bls.... MV ... 60
Potato**, tka,... M 1,590 Wine, gals... 72,900
Onions, 5Jt«........ I,oo3 Quicksilver, Oaslu '.-'• -28
Br»o, pu..-, ;- 1,055 Raisins, bxs ...... 6,400
Middling*, ska. ln.VLumoer. M feet... • 30
Bay, t0n*..... .... 378 Leather, rolls. .'. ■ 65
Butter, ctU „ Sl'^TaUow.ctU • 4a
THE STOCK MARKET.
The few changes in quotations yesterday were
toward lower \ prices, though the decline was tri
fling.. Business continued quiet, and there was no
particular call for any stock.
On the Bond Exchange there were a number of
fluctuations. The sugar stocks were lower, Hutch
in9on selling down to $26 and Hawaiian to $193*.
Market-street Railway continued to shade off, get
iV, I K.. own to ?*3i/2, and Gian: Powder declined to
♦*4%- .
I lie capital stock of the Natoma Vineyard Com
pany (0000 shares of the par v»lue of $100 each)
and the first mortgage bonds of the same com
pany, amounting to $-.150,000 and beari ng Interest
at the rate of 6 per cent per annum, payable semi
annually, have been listed on the Stock and Bond
Exchange.
The flour-milling corporation of Starr & Co. has
levied an assessment of $10 per share, delinquent
J uno 30.
In the Savage mine, on the 850-foot level, they
are sto, Ing upward to the fifth floor, follow lug the
ore In east crosscut No. 1. This ore is of good
grade and shows about the same width as last re
ported. In east crosscut No. 8, they are stoping
up to the fourth floor in ore of good quality, and
the Improvement mentioned in the last official
letter continues. . They have graded the main
south drift and put in a track from the new station
on this level to the stODes in No. 3 east crosscut,
and are now hoisting the ore taken from this level
from the new station. During the past week they
hoisted ninety-six mining-car loads of ore, the
| average car sample assay of which was $bl 85
per ton. Shipped to the Nevada mine 2.5 tons of
ore. }he mil! commenced crushing savage ore on
the 24th inst. | *
In the > tandard Consolidated mine for the week
ending May 30. on the 100-foot level, the north
drift Incline ledge was advanced six feet, showing
ten inches hara ore. South drift No. 1, incline
ledge, was advanced six feet, showing twelve
inches of fair grade ore. On the 350 too; level, the
north drift from the incline raise shows twelve feet
of medium ore. On the 700 level the north and
south drifts from the winze In the east ledge each
show ten inches of ore. On the tunnel level they
have opened through to the shaft and are prepar
ing to place a small hoist for temporary purposes.
I hey are stopinir as heretofore, without changes,
i or the wee* 739 tons of tailings were treated at
the cyanide plant.
In the Bodie Consolidated mine, the south drift
from the upraise, 60 feet above the 200 level, has
about two feet of low-grade quartz in the face.
T.he south drift from the west crosscut on the 200
level shows live inches of low-grade quartz.
In the Mono mine, the east crosscut on the 400
level is still In hard orphyry. ;
In the Bulwer Consolidated mine during the
week ending May 25, the rat se above 2 crosscut,
I JW level, was advanced five feet on a narrow
i seam of ore. On the tnnnel level they have been
repairing the track and sloping ore as heretofore.
Nine tons of ore were extracted during the week.
The yield of the Belcher mine for the past week
was 47 mining-car loads of ore, the average assay
value of whicp was $'J8 64 per ton.
The teg. Belcher mine during the past week pro
uced 24 carloads of ore, assaying $25 10 per ton.
In the Crown Point mine they have slopped
work In «est crosscut No. 3 on the 700-foot 1 vel
and have started west crosscut No. 4, which is out
fourteen feet in porphyry. The raise from the
south drift on this level Is up seventy feet. The
top. is in porphyry and clay. The east crosscut
from the end of the seventh floo-, south drift from
the 1100-foot level raise, has reached the east wall.
The quartz encountered is somewhat higher in
grade than that heretofore prospected, the face
samples running from $6 to $7 per ton. principally
gold.
► The joint Confidence, Challenge and Imperial
-.vest crosscut No. 1 from the surface tunnel is out
612 feet. The face is in porphyry and clay.
BOAI4U SALA2S.
Following were the sal<u ut the san Franolsoe
Ploc« Board yesterday:
REOTTI.AR MOBMMn SEMIOiT COKM ■NCI!*I 9:3 a'
150 Aloha 27 100 CC&V...2.851 50 0phfr...1.75
100...- ....26! 60 2.80 200 0vrmn....15 !
100 25 200 C Point... 69 800 P0t05i..1.45 i
300 Andes 29 200 Exchqr.. .u8 750 Savage.l.4s I
400 Beicner.,.79 700 &C...1.60' 50 Seg B 16
400 B & 8..1.5S 100 ........ .1.55 300 5AM..1.00
50 ...... 1.30 700 HAN. ..3.10 101 Uni0n. ...90 >
100 Bodie. 68]100 Kentuck..O7 100 89
500 8u11i0n. ..28 250 Mxcan. 1.00 500 Utah .....18
500 Chollar.2.Bo 100 Occldtl..l.6o|
. . AFTKBNOON SESSION— 'I: 30.
100 Ande5... .»7|250 C P0int... 67 400 0ph1r....1.75
100 88 300 ...........66100 0vrmn..:. 15
200 8e1cher.. .76 500 Kxchqr...Oß 100 P0t051...1.45
j 100 B & 8..1.35 100 U & C. 1.45200 1.40
300 Bodle 651850 Hi£iN...3.00j200 Savage..l.4s
j 100 64! 3 2.80200 S Nev....98
200 8u11i0n. ..28J200 Justice... 10 100 97
100 Bulwer.... 37 ,100 Mex.... 1.00 700 S Hill 07
200 Caleda,... 11 200 Mono 05 500 Syndlcateo3
eaOChollar..2.7oj 50 Occidtl.. 1.50 400 Union.. .. 86
200 CC4V...2.801 50 ......... I.S6UOU V Jckt.... 56
100 C0nn.. ..1.40! [
following were tne sales la the Paoldo Stooic
«oard yesterday :
REOII At BXSSIOX— 10:30.
100 Alpha 1:6 400 Crwn Pt...70 200 0ph1r...1.75
100 100 69300 0vrmn....16
300 Alta. 100 6h|500 15
100 Andes ...371 50 67 100 P0t05i...1.50
200 Belcher... Bo 500 Exchqr...o9 450 I.SV!V«
200 ............821300 (i C... 1.05600 . ...... 1.46
300 76300 ...:...L52V4i300 ....::. lA2**mI A2**m
100 8A8.. .-1.30 400 HAN ...2.15 300 Savage.. 1 . 50
300 ....>. 1.35 350 3.10350 ...... 1.40
100 Bullion.:. -^01250 ....:.. 3.20500 Scorpion..o9
300 ..:.:... ...29 400 .......s.i7^iuu bß«ji.:..ie
200 ...... .....28 SO .......;^3.U6 400 9 5t... .1.00
3008u1wer...39 100 Julia 20 200 99
200 Caleda 11 200 Justice. ...10 500 Sll Hill. ...06
100 Cha11ge...45 500 Kentuck..o7i £>0 Union C. 87
100 Ch01mr.2.7(),20U Mexn... 1.05 200 »....88
100 .......2.82^700 ........ 1.00 200 ......89
100 ...... 2.721,2 700 1.U3V3 200 Utah 18
200 CC&V.. 2.80100 Mono .11:700 YJacket..6l
60 2.75 200 0CC1d.... 1.65 100 ;..6O
100 C0nn... .1.50 100 I. HO 200 — ...67
200 C 1mp.... 02 100 1.57y a : 200 58
ATI ERNOON SHSBION— 2:3O.
100 Alpha 24 300 CCV 2.75 250 0ph1r1.72%
800 Alta 08 150 2.80i2000vrmn....15
200 ..09 100 2 82V2'150Potoii.. 1.40
100 Blear 76 500 C Point... ds -'OO 1.35
100 74 100 O 4C1.4aV 3 200 18/
-100 73 160 H*N ...3.00 50 Savage.. 1.4 5
800 8A8. .1.35 5J 2.92^a' 50 1.47 i, 2
300 _18 8 250 2.9^0,700 1.4U
550 l.ao 100 Justice. ..lo,2oo Scorpion.. o9
200 1.321,. 500 Kentuck.,o7l3oo 08
3;jO Bullion. ..27 350 Mex.. .. 1.05 100 S B &M....16
16U 26<400 99100 811 Hi 11.. .07
300 8u1wer...37 150 9KIOO Ln:0n....86
200 Cbllnse. ..4B 100 Mono 09200 88
100 Ch0ur.. . 2.8i jSO Occd 1.551200 Utah 17
100 2.76:300 1.50:150 YJaoJlit..sß
100 2.65
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 28-4 r. v.
' JBid.AtkriL • SUt.Aiktd.
Alpha C0n..... 22 23' Jackson. ...^ 40 —
Alia 08 10 Julia. — 20
Andes - 35 36 Justice „.. 10 12
I'clcher 73 74 Bentacr. ...... 05 07
Best «fc Belcbtß 1.30 1.35 Lady Wasa.... 04 06
LentonCon.... 20 —Mexican....^. 96 96
1i0die........^. 64 Mono ... ...... — 11
Bullion ._ 26 27 Nevada Uaeea. — 05
Bulwer » 37 —Occidental 1.50 1.55
Caledonia... ... 10 12 Upbir. 1.70 1.75
ChoUar 2.60 2.65 Overman ...... 14 15
Con. CaL A Vs. 2.75 2.Bo. Potosi.. ..„.._ 1.36 1.40
Challenge Con. 45 48 bavtite.. .I.4J< 1.45
Coo. Imperial. 02 03 ."-eg. Belener... 16 18
Confidence U3ft —Syndicate 04 05
Crown Point... 65 6(i Silver HUl..._ 06 03
K»itSi«rr»Ma» — W, Sierra .Nevada. 98 1.00
h-xchequer..... 07 09 tnion (J0a..... 85 87
Uoald Curry. 1.40 1.45 X 1ab 15 16
Hal* *. 2.90 2.951 VeUow Jacks*. 54 65
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
200 Amalle 2 50 400 Lockwood Con.. 54
100 2 55400 35
Champion Providence
Bid 30 00 Bid 65 00
300 Edna 5:2 00 Savannah _ 42
100 63100 43
300UranL 141400 - 44
Kennedy 200 45
Bid lOOOaOOSebastopol....- 60
Keystone. Thorpe
Bid 66 00 Bid 66
Asked 70
LOCAL SECURITIES,
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
A*ked 100 Atla^ Irou Works 90
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water 7 00
Hid 50 Spring Valley Water 98 50
Asked ban Francisco Gas. 92 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. May 28 -3 r. K.
r>-!T' t>MTAT«i BOJfO*
•Xitt. AtkccUi Bid. As*«S.
D F4seonp..loßy« - [ÜBti reg...lOßT/ t -
Do. new is... 117 117S/J.
I! \ MIMTKI.I. » i-Otll Tlivnt. '
Cal-stCble^.f— 113 Do. 3d Iss As. — -
Cal Tier L OS. — 1 L'2 l . 2 \VAORy 0% 105 190
CntrmCWS^. 9t>»-> 98 PAChKrBs. — 107
Dpnt-stex-cp-77 85 Pwl-st.RR6s. - ll«Vs
EdsnL<ftP6s. — 122 Vii Reno. WLAL — 106 .
FdtCHRU6s.IO.iV3 — I River Co* — 100
Uearr-stRSi. 10:2 1/ 2 1»)5 1-actoPAL.. - 103Vt
LoiAnsLtii. - 103 '.-i-ANPRRssmii.iin2>
Do,Unted.6v - 103 M-HliAruUi —■■ 98
ilkt-«tCble6il'23 - tl'RßCalSs.. 108^111
DoßyCon6s.. — BPilHCala*. - -
NevCN 5 R7s. 95 105 «»'BrRCBI9j. 9i»\% —
NPCRR6S. - 108 cV»V»tertJ«.. — 119%
X Jtr Cal tts. 102 105 t.VW«ier4s... 98% 99 Vi
NKy Uat ss. — 100 Mk>m..tKdi — 100
Oak Uas 65.. 101 104 Vt MinstTJt l'6s. 100 —
LlO. I'd is* s*. 10 4 3,1106 butter-slK6i.lU7^ —
Omnibuses.. — 120 ViaaliaWUti* — tM
l'aciioUJU6*. — - .
:;, . WATKR STOCK*.
Contra Costa 87 39 iPanJose 75 100
MarlnCo.... 60 - |BprlnsVaHey 98% 99
«./.« hTOCK*. . ' . ■..."-
CaplraL 20 30 ' Pad flo Light. 47 —
Central .... 95 — Ban irrancsco 93 93si
Oak L&a 62 63 Btocktoa. .... — aiv 3
facuaslmjk — 87 ,
, , IKUDSAXCX HTIXJK*. ,
riremauaFd. IGS — |9un ...25 60
COMMERCIAL BANK STI^K«.
AmerßitTa — — LondonPdtA.l3B ' 129
Anglo-Cal ... 6134 - — Londomtatf. — 27U,
Bank of — 242 Merch Ex... 12 —
CaIBD&TCo_ 6814 58 Nevada....^ — —
IlrsLNatioal.l7B 182 bather B Co- — ' —
Urangera.... -/— — . I t
-..*.'-,"■ • . SAVIXOS BANK UTrVTKI. .
OerS<ftliCo..l42o — !E>av<& Loaa.. - 100
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Security...... — 260
Mutual — 40 ! Union Trust. 750 800
bJb'bavUalon — 486 > .
l-.y.. ; 6TSKKT lUILKOAD STOCK*.
California.... — 110 lOak.SL&Har \ — 100
Oeary-st.V... — 62 1-rcsldio...— 6 -.7%
Market-st..- (42 , «V% Sutter-st . -- -
.' . , . Oil . . .. -iTfK-ICi.
Atlantis D... 16JA — . iluOson _ — — .
Eastern D... 75 .87 51ant...... „ 24*/ i 25%
CaWomla..^ 76 100 - IVigonu....» 730 1
MISCEI.U»NKOns STOCK*
Alaska Pkrs. - 98%1Ga oceanlcSSCa — 24
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAnxFA.. 1 . —
CalCotMlUs.. — — Pac Borax.. 98 100
CalJJrvDock. — — Facl&NOa — . 80
EdleonLlgUfc 1171^119 PacßoU MIU — —
GasConAssn. — — ParfPaintCo. 6% IVi
Ger Lead Co. 85 — Pac Trans Co. — *4
HawC<tSCo» 3 88/ i 19V4 I'acT* TOO 65-70
HntchSPCa. 253. 26 BunsetT&T.. 41 —
i JudsonMfgC. — — VulwdCOa.. — -5
aler Assn 10U 10 I
SALES— KORN'IXa SESSION.
Board— •
41 Giant Powder Con ,24 75
135 Hutchlnson 8 P Co.. 26 76 ,
25 do do •" 26 62%
50 do do 26 50
185 Hawaiian Commercial ;... 20 00
26 do. do 19 87%
60 do do 19 75
5 MarkPt-st Railway 43 50
7 S v Water......... 99 00
$5000 SV 4% 80nd5.... 98 75
96000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. 100 00
SALES-AFTERNOOS SESSION.
Board—
6 Giant Powder Con 24 75
25 Hutchinson .-> P Co. 26 50
25 do do 26 37%
60 do do 26 12%
100 do - do 26 00
. 40 SV Water, b 5 .....99 00
Street— . • :"■.".
$1000 S P Branch Railway 80nd5....... 100 00
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1896.
Su. Mo. T^ W^ Th. Vt^ Sa. Moon Phases.
• 12" .
(T^Last Quarter.
May 4.
3 4 5 6 7 8 9
* /flU New Moon.
10 11 13 13 14 15 16 S May 1*.
17 18 19 20 21 22 23 '/-^First Quarter
— sJJ May 19.
24 25 26 27 28 29 30 : =
-i?> Full Moon.
31 , v£/ May 26.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco,
BTKAMER I DK8TIXATION". | SAILS. | FIKR.
Mexico San Diego May29. 11am | Pier 11
CmaiUia Vic <£ Part Hnd May'iU. 9am ' Pier 9
Pomona..... tlumboldlBay May29. 2rif ; Pier 9
•tPaul...... MewDort May 31. Pier 11
Empire {Oregon ports.. Jne 1. Pier 13
Orizaba. 'Mexico Jne 2,10am Pier 11
Bute of Ca; f ortiana ...... Jne 2.10am | Pier 24
Corona , Ban Diego Jne 2,11am ! Pier 11
FaraiioD | \ aaulna Bay.. • Jne 2, 9ah 1 Pier 2
Weeott ; Kei Kiver Jne 2. bra Pier 13
CltyPuebla. | Vic <t Put sna Jne 3. 9am Pier 9
Eureka Newport Jne 4. »am Pier 11
imo....... Coo* nay Jne 4.10am > Pier 13
Columbia . . Portland Jne 7.10am. Pier 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
aTKAMKB | FltuM I DPH
Mackinaw iTaooma May 28
ban Bias Panama iMay 28
Stl'aul Newport. .......... ...^. .. May 29
Willamette Seattle May 29
City or I'utDia.. Victoria & Pugec Sound . . May 30
PtateotCal Portland . ' May .SO
Empire Portland I May 30
Farallon Yaaolna Bay _ .. May 31
Crescent City... CrMoanc City. May 31
Weeotc. Eel River May 31
Corona San Diego. May 31
City or Everett Nanaimo LMav-ai
Trnckee. I Coos Bay June 1
Pomona. Humbomc Bay. June 1
Arcata ;........ Portland..... June 1
Eureka Newport Jnne 2
North For*..... Humboldt Bay .. June 3
Araeo.... v Coos Bay..... June 2
Pro?reso Seattle June 2
Columbia Portland..... June 4
Mexico San Diego June 4
Walla Walla Victoria Puget sound ..j June 4
Del None Grays Haroor.... June 4
Alameda. Sydney .; June 4
Peru China and Japan June 4
Acapuleo. — Panama.. ...t lune 5
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. B. Coast and Gf.odetio Sctrvky TiDa>
Bpuktis Published by Official V
AUTHOBITY OF TUI SuPERIHtESDKNT. j
Friday May 29.
Sunrises 4.491 Moon Uses 10.28pm
Sun sets 7. 26 Moon sets
May— lß96,
► 11^1 Feet III!!! Feet Zi^i Feet Il^i! Fe*
X H W - L \V H W L W
29 0.17 5.7 7.411— 3.21 4.6 7.24 3.3
30 1.04 5.4 8.27—1.2 4.13 4.6 8.31 3.3
31 1.57 4.6 8.11 1— 0.7 5.00 4.6 9.48 3.2
Junk.
1 3.02 4.3 9.04 -0.1 ; 5.38 4.8; 11.10 2.8
'J 4.18 3.7 10.38 0.5 6.14 4.9 ;
L W Feel H W Feet L, W Fee: H W Feet
3 0.28 2.5 6.38 3.5 11.27 1.11 6.61 6.0
.4 1.32 1.9 667 3.3 12.09 1.5 7.21 5.0
6j 2.044 1.4 8.16 3.4112.471 20 7.48 5.1
.notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
*»rly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a? to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
ehnrts. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlv*
from the depth eiven by 'he charts
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Skamcb Htdkoosaphic OFFtca. U. a. N. •»
MERCHAVT8 1 EXCHAVOW. >
San Francisco. May 28. 189«. I
The time ball on Telegraph Hilt wu dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at b r. it.. Greenwich tlma.
A. F. FECIITKLKa,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in <-liars; 9.
SHIPPING INTTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. May 28.
Stmr San Bias, McLean, 2 . Vjdays from Panama
and way ports: pass and mdse, to Pacific Mail
Steamship Co.
stmr Pomona, Doran, 17 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 12 hours from Na
varro; pass and mdse, to Mendocino Lumber Co.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 18 hours from Cas
par lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Stmr Bertha, Hays, 9 days from Kodiak;
pass and ballast, to Alaska Commercial Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 17 hours from Monterey and
way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins Jt Co.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 48 hours from
Newport: ballast, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlerleld, 85 hrs trm Tacoma;
2f'oo tons coal, to S P Co. Up river direct.
Stmr Cleone, Miller. 52 hours from Crescent
City, with schr Chetco in tow; lumber, to Simpson
Lumber Co.
ship Jno 0 Potter. Mever, 10 days from Seattle;
2000 tons coal, to Central Coal Co.
Bark Martha Davis, Soule, 17 days from Hono
lulu: pass and sugar, to Welch <fe Co.
Nor bark Gartha, Tengelsen, 61 days from Anto
fosrasta. via Iquique; 59 cs 810 tons scrap iron, to
Balfour, Gnthrie A Co.
Schr ChPtco, 52 hours from Crescent City; bal
last, to J 0 Klmball. In tow of stmr Cleone.
Seiir Marion, Smith, BVi days from Grays
Harbor: 345 Mft lumber, to S H Harmon Lum
ber Co.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing, 145 M ft lumber, to F Heywood.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 40 hours from
Collins Landing; y5 c s wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr James A Gnrfleld, Palmgren, 6 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Arthur 1, Krog, 21 hours from Iversena
Landing; 160 eds bark, to N Iversen. Up river
direct.
schr Sadie, Smith, 6 days from Columbia River;
395 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Bessie X, Anderson, 23 hours from Albion;
1 coop chickens, 121 M ft lumber, to J S KimbalU
Cleare<i.
THURSDAY, May 28.
Brstmr Monowal, Carey, Honolulu and Sydney;
J D Spreckels A Bros Co.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, Seattle; Kruse & Madi
son.
Stmr City of Sydney, Johnston, Panama; Pacific
Mail S S Co.
Stmr Mexico, Alexander, Seattle; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Brstmr Belgic, Rioder, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu ; O&OSS Co.
StmrUmatllla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall, Perkins * Co.
Bark S C Allen, Thompson, Honolulu; Welch &
Co.
Ship Aryan, Dickinson, New York; John Rosen
feld's Sons.
Schr Traniit, Jorgensen, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimoud & Co.
Sailed,
THURSDAY. May 28
Btmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria.
Stmr Arago, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr City of Sydney. Johnston, Panama.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Br stmr Belgic, Rinder, Yokohama and Hong
kong.
Stmr Noyo, Levmson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, Seattle.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendocino.
Strar .Newsboy, Fosen. Csal.
Br stmr Monowal, Carey, Honolulu and Sydney.
Bark C 8 Allen, Thompson, Honolulu.
Ship Aryan, Dickinson, New York.
schr Five Brothers. Rasruussen, Blhlers Point.
Schr Ocean Spray, Shipper, lversens Landing.
Schr Jennie 1 helln. Hansen, Eureka.
Schr Lily, Bottger, Umpqua.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 28-10 p. it-Weather
foggy: wind SW; velo'ity. 12 miles.
Sliscellaiieous.
LONDON— May 28- Br ship Blackbraes, from
Liverpool, for San Francisco, put into Montevideo,
leaking and rudder damaged.
HONGKONG — Hay 27 — Bktn John Balzley,
from Singapore, for Hongkong, Is ashore near San
Chau. She has been abandoned.
Domestic Torts.
FORT ROSS- Arrived May 28— Scbr Etta B.
hence May ii 6.
Sailed May 28— Schr Etta B, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 27— Scbr Serena
Thayer, from Coos Bay.
PORT BLAKKLEY-Arrived May 28-Br bark
Woollabra, from shanghai.
Sailed May 28— Bark Kate Davenport, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA-Arri May 28-Stmr Alice Blanch
"Sia'd Muy2B-stmr Empire, for San Francisco;
B €^lLA^^r!v^^^-Stmr
NTAacC^iA-Sane^Mly2B-StmrN TA a cC^iA-Sane^Mly2B-Stmr Annie Larsen,
f °RlDOXDoSledMay 28-Stmr Tillamook,
fO NEWP o r ßl-A°rrived May 28-Schr Reporter,
from Port Blakeley. May 38-Stmr Progreso,
SEATTLE— Arrived May 28— stmr x-rogreso,
be YAOO&A S BAY-«alleaMw 38-Stmr Faral
l0 pb a ARENA-Arrlved May 28-Str White*
May M£ 2 J B- ? Stmr Whitesboro. for Green
"SANTA BARBARA-Arrived May 38-Schr El-
Borah, from Eureka.
. Importation*.
urnFKA-Per Pomona— 39 rolls leather, 1 cs
crKry 24 tubs Bhf tubs »2 bxs butter. 839,250
shingles. 10 Ml. Pickets. 65 pkga mdse. 36.675
shakes; 62,229 ft lumber. 12 pkes hardware. 1 bbl
whisk y H express, 3 sks coin.
F R R R-324 bxs butter. 6 pkgs md,e 4
drfss^d calves. 1 case hats, 101 M shingles, 20.020
ft lumber. 30 doors, 1 PKg saws.
Slngleys-17 dressed calves.
c5 r A ee BrRKNA-Per8 rRKNA-Per Point Arena-2c, eg». 62
bxs butter. 1 dressed hog. 2cs boots and shoes, 1
bX Nay h a'rro-l l>kg mdse, 5784 r r tle^.
K?)DI™K-)'er ?Berthu-38 bales lJcsasstd furs,
4 bxs curios. 1 pkg guns. Gipsy-2 coop, chickens,
Mos" LAND. NO- Per Gipsy-2 coops chickens,
a Monferey-I butter, 4 pkgs household goods,
" santa e cruß-2 sks scrap copper, 2 sks rubber, 3
Bk"s old rope, 1 pKg scrap lead, 47 cs cheese, 79
ska raes 7 bxs butter, 21 rolls leather, 3 cs eggs, 1
pkc mdsV. 1 hf-box fish, 600 bbls lime
P CRESCENT CITY -Per Cleone— 236 M ft lum«
ber, 1 pkg mdse, 10 tubs 4 kegs 7 bxs butter.
Consignees.
Per Point Arena-Dairymen's Union; Wilson ft
Baechtel; FBHaight: Norton, Teller & Co ; Rohlfs
&Gerdau: Ross & Hewlett: Porter, Sles3iiiKer A
Co: American Union Fish Co; Roberts Tuft;
M Per PomonH^righam, Hoppe & Co: A Branden
;C A Hooper & Co: Dodge, Sweeney & Co : a
C Nichols- Dairymen's Union Ilibera>a Brewery
Enterprise Brewery: Hawley Bros Hardware Co;
Muruhv Grant & Co; Standard Oil Co -. A Fay; J a
Tlini'v- Pabst Brewery Co: Wheaton, Breon & Co;
W»Ui'"Fargo & Co: C E Whitney &Co Keegel
kin & Co- Wolf & Son; F B Haight: New Golden
Gate Hotel; Getzßros&Co; Hills Bros; Pacino
Rolinsr Mills; Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson; Pacltlc
FoulpmentCo; Hammond & Brod ; P A « 81ml;
Norton. Teller 4Co : O B Smith <fc Co: GDe Luca;
Ross* Hewlett ;Russ, Sanders A Co; G A J Davis;
Wltzel & Baker; Pollard & Dodge; Hllmer, Bred
hoff it Schulz: Louis Kline & Co: P C Lumber and
Mill Co- Stockton Lumber Co: Slmonds Saw Co.
Per Bertha— Alaska Com Co; B J Bretherton;, B
Pickett: F S Dickinson. „ . „
Per Gipsy— Goldberg, Bowen & Co: Union Ice Co;
Herman Joost: Norton, Teller & Co: A W Fins;
Standard Oil Co: Col Bottling Co: Wot more Bros;
H N Tilden&Co: Brigham, Hoppe & Co: X G Kuhl
<ft Co; Chas Harley & Co: L G Sresovich & Co: J B
Thomas: Dairymen's Union: HUM Bros: Meyer
feld Mitchell A Co: Dodge, Sweeney & Co: Kron
Tanning Co: San Francisco Fish Co : Jonas Erlan
ger&Co: Wm Mitchell <fc Co; Pardini A Decarll;
H Co well A Co. ' -
Per Cleone— Simpson Lumber Co: California ana
Nevada Creamery; C E Whitney Co: Sherry,
Aviila & Co. ■ ■-■ - . rf '
For Late Shipping Intelligence See F<<t'*ntK Pag*.
ocEAir STEAMSHIPS}
ASTORIA AiiPORTLAE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California sails June 2, 12 and 22
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and 27
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. st
6OODAJLL, PERKINS CO., Genl. Snpts.
F. F. CONMOB, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
_ TO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 68.00
Second Class -$5-00
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket — 4 few Montgomery Stßet.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM iVa
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as -<S?-t^y
follows; ■ — — •••
For Mary Island, Lortnp;. WrangeL Juneau, KU-
lisnoo ana Silica (Alaska), at » a. M., May 14.
29, June 3, IS, 18, «8. •
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town*
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes andNe^t
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. it
May 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. 29. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver witn
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. K. R,
st Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Port Townsead wlUa
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hunv
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2- p. v.. May 1,5. a,
13. 17. 21. 25, 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. it. May
3, 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth, day
thereafter. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loa
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
A. X.. May 1. 5. 9. 13, 17, 21, 25. 29 am*
every fourth day thereafter.
i For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, Lsi
Paz. Altata and Ouaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m.. June 1, 27, ana 25th of each month there*
aft r.
TicKet office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. ; . ;.
GOODALL, PERKINS <& CO.. Gent Agents.
. .10 Market st. . San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL JTIMSATLASTI^B v
French Line to Havre.
rtOMPANY'SPIER(NEW),42 NORTH j% jn_
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by fiftWKX
this line avoid both transit oy English railway an 3
the. discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class if 160: second-class, $110. ■
LA TOURAINE, Capo. Santelli . May 221 8 A ie
LA NORMANDIET. May -'3, 8 a. it
LA GAbv-OUNE. .Jm.e2o, 7 A. IC.
LA KOKHANULtfi.VJ July 4. 6 a. K.
LA QAfeOOONK July 25. 11 a, m.
LA NORAtANDIE ....August 1, 5 a. ic.
LA BOURGOGNE. Capt. Leboenf. ..Tune 6,7 a.*
tg~ For further particulars apply to
„ _ _ •A. FORGET. Agent,
» -r. wrrn r?- \ B 9.' la * Qreeu, New York.
S. F. PTJOAZI 4 CO., Agent* 5 Montgomsry
avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /t\ DAYS TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, Brr. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, ■! By
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
& S. M"NOWAI sails vie HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday May -'A
»t 2 p. K. * "^
Line to COOLG ARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN:
3outh Africa. . .. ' • -^.
a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues.
lay, June 1 6, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
J. D. SPRECKELS di BROS. CO., Agts.,
Freight Office. 327 Market s 114 Montgomery *
Freight Offlce. 327 Market sU. San Francisco.
WHITE IRE.
United States - and Royal Mail Steamer*
BKTWKEN-
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVERY AVJEKK. ,
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- rm n.
Ing to steamer anil accommodations ■S9t
selected; second cabin, $35 and «40: Maje-iuc uad
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates • and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Malt Dock, or at ih«
General office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under urand Hotel. G. vv. FLETCHER.
I ..•■■■  ■ General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET • COMPAQ
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL Js*m_
O fortnishtly for the West Indies and *~s£SB
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. '
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
" Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 195; third
Class, 97 50. For further particulars apply to
. PARROTT & CO., Agents,
- j 306 California ate
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier. No. 3, Washington St.,
 At sp. M ; Daily.
Sunday at 7 P. M.
jjG¥* Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STJSAKEKs:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peter*.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Tele phone Main 105. Cat. Nay. and Inapt. Co.
fallejo, mare isl «d, ;' ; beslcia; POKt
costa All CtoeißTT.
STR. MO.NTICKLLO,
Daily, except Haturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. >bY
and 4 F. i*. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:3U t Ml '
H».K.only' Sunday— 8 kM -\ " ■
•4». ltonly.
leading, Uiiaion 1, Pi«r &DEBATED UNTIL
EARLY MORNING,
Congressional Committees
Desirous of Coming
Together.
HARMONY BY DEGREES.
Neither Side Disposed to Relin
quish Any ot Its Original
Rights.
A FEW POINTS CONCEDED.
The New Comm ttee Will Next Sub
mit Its View of the
Situation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 28. \
The Third Congressional District Com
mittes are not yet harmonized, and the
prospe t is not very bright for an immedi
ate healing of tne existing troubles.
A long md exciting meeting of the new
committee was held last night and when
it adjourned but little had been accom
plished.
W. R. Davis, who was the first to declare
himself in lavor of harmony, presented a
proposition which it was hoped would pro
duce the end desired. He i xplained the
matter at length and then asked that it be
openly discussed. Each section of thc
proposition was taken up separately and
there were eight votes in the meeting.
The first section provided for a change o;
the date of primaries from July 11 to Au
gust 8. After everybody had spoken a
vote was taken and the point was con
ceded by 5 to 3.
The measure brou -ht forward by W. R.
Davis was in the nature of a peace treaty
from the old committee. It contained a
request for a change of the meeting place
of the Congressional Convention from
Vallejo to Oakland. After a long discus
sion tnis was rejected.
Then came a proposition to select one
man from each committee, these to select
■ third with power to name equally ali
L'lection officers for the primaries. It was
stipulated that the third man was merely
to cast a deciding vote in case the other two
disagreed. There was some friends to this
proposition, but it was voted down.
The matter of the selection of delegates
to toe convention was the next proposi
tion.' Ii provided for the election of rep
resentatives directly from the people in
each district. It was finally agreed to
have forty-seven polling-places in this
county and at each one representatives
shall be elected directly. The great regis
ter is to be used and no one whose name is
not on it hve days prior to the primaries
will not be allowed to vote.
The main struggle came on the proposi
tion to give each committee one-half of ali
election boards in the county. Tbis was
to be arranged so that each committee
would have a strength of one-half of the
entire election boards. That is, each
would appoint one judge and one clerk
and would then alternate in the selection
of inspectors. When a vote was taken it
showed 4to 4. Chairman French refused
to exercise nis right to give a casting vote
and the proposition was therefore rejected
The proposition was also advanced thai
the two committees unite and that the
united body of twenty-fcur members at
tend to all business jointly, but this was
also rejected.
It was suggested that the power of is
• uing the call be vested in the proposed
committee of three, which was to perepare
the document, hand it to the County Cen
tral Commtttee and have the word "re
solved" written at the head. A desperate
effort was made about midnight to put the
whole proposition through, But it did not
carry.
The general feeling of the new commit
tee is evidently to accord to their political
opponents a fair representation, but there
does not seem to be an inclination to
yield any of the power as a Congressional
committee that was won at Sacramento.
It was 1 o'clock. this morning when the
commlttpe adjourned. It will meet next
Wednesday, when the new committeemen
will have prepared a proposition of their
own to submit to the old, embodying the
concessions already made and giving an
ultimatum Dn other important matters.
FIFTY-SIX GRADUATES.
Class Day and Graduation Exercise*
Held at the High School.
•OAKLAND, Cal., May 28.— The class
day exercises of the hiph school gradu
ates was held in the gymnasium this aft
ernoon. There was a large audience pres
ent, who greatly enjoyed the clever adap
tation of "Julius Cresar" as prepared by
J. J. Rosborouch, editor of tne JSgis.
The class was on the platform through
out the farce, those not engaged being the
angry Roman populace. The play repre
sented an afternoon in the high senior
class room. The president has been tyran
nical and ambitious, so the trading poli
ticians demand his life. The cast of char
acters was :
Julius Dorety Caesar, Fred G. Dorety; Marcus
Brutus Shtieyjrus, W.liiarn Albert Shuey
Hnrry Ca-sms Keeler, Harry A. Keeler; Cloud
Casca, Archie J. Cloud; Decius I'age, Ernest S
Page; Cinna Muma, Irwin J. Muma; Mete
bellus Breed, Herbert L. Breed; Tirbonius
Oliver, Edwin L. Oliver; Populous Nicboliiu
J. Carrol Nichol; Artimounrus Dibert JrsselV
Dlbert; Mark Anthouy Brooks, Charles s!
Drooks; Cjoero Coffin, Rudolph Coffin; Mrs
llirry Checkering Portia and class prophet
Harry Chickcrinc; stuaent, John K. Robbius;
tribunes and '.Jrcek scholars, two young ladies'
multitude, class.
This evening Professor E. H. Griggs of
Leland Stanford Jr. University delivered
an address on "Self-Culture Through Vo
cation." At the close President Clement
of the Board of Education presented di
plomas to the following graduates:
Lizzie Arlett, Harry W. Bangle, Fannie
BollcK. <iiar.es g. Brook"-, Arthur Baker
Herbert L. Breed, Alfred K. Burrell, Arthur
Caldwt-il, Ann U. Cole, .\rchic J. ("loud,
Helen Campbell, Harry Chickering, Rudolph
Coffee, M. Sara Cooper, Fre<i G. Dorety,
Jesse L. Dibert. Gertrude Davis. Grace B.
Kdson, Cora L. Evnui, Lucia H. Fish, Mari
ana Flores, Samuel P. Hardy, Mary V. E.
Harris, Frank Jenke, Neva T. Jmiviis, ixjtta A.
Jen ike, May N. Jackson, Harry A. Keeler,
Henry H. Lynch, F.stellc J. Lundy, Roy Mc
riymonds, Minnie Maxwell, Iruin J. Muma
Martha J. MoDill, Catherine McLean, Llilie
Evelyn Moller, John Carroll Niciiollg, Gene
vieve Nicholson. Ella J. O'CoBMIL Edwin L
Oliver. Eva Powell, Ernest S. !'«#*■, Elia Hotel*
btrp, Joseph J. Ruiboroucb, John R. Kobinsi-n,
.iiro Hhibatu, May 1.. Bel lander, William
icy, Arthur Tasheria, Elroy J. Wugor,
Gertrude li. Wnihs, Anna R. Wilder, Emma
Wolter, Bophie E. Schst, Minnie Snyder.
FATA ACCIDENT.
l)e;it Ji of J. J. Koherta l>y Being; Thrown
From a liuggy.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 28. -J. J. Roberts,
a collector for A. A. Baker & Co. of 772
-774 Mission street, San Francisco, died
at the Receiving Hospital this evening
from the eftVcts of wounds received in a
runaway accident about noon to-day. He
was driving along East Twelfth street,
when his horse took fright and ran away.
The wheels of hie buggy struck the car
track and he was thrown out, striking the
opiposite rail on his head.
He was picked np unconscious and re
moved to the hospital, where it was found
his skull was cracKed at the base of the
brain -He reeained consciousness, and it
was Deheved he might recover, but later in
the day he became worse and died about
6 o clock.
Roberts resided at 820 Thirty-first street,
in this city, with his wife and three chil
dren. The former was with him at the
time of his death. He was 35 years of age
COMPLETE RETURNS.
County School Census Shows a Small
Increase of Children Over Last
Year's Kepnrt.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 28.— The school
census tLures for the entire county of
Alameda, including cities and towns,
completed yesterday, are as follows:
Children between 5 and 17 years of age,
28,528. Increase over last your, 370. Num-
Ikjt of this age who ai tended public schools
during the year, 19,711. Increase over last
yenr. 5.
Number who attended private schools dur
ing the year. 2678; number who did not
attend any school during the year, t>l39.
There are 11,552 children under tne age of 5
years In the county. The grand total of all
children under 17 years of *ge In 40.080, an
increase of 382 over last year's returns.
Memorial Day Parade.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 28.— Grand Mar
shal W. A. Jacobs has issued orders to
those who are to participate in the parade
on Memorial day. Dr. C. E. Lancaster
will be chief of staff, W. R. Thomas com
mander of the first division and F. \V.
Cashing commander of the second divis
ion. The aids will be J. P. Abbott, G. H.
Collins, S. 8. Petit, F. M. Farwell and J. S.
White.
Young Cray Confessed.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 28.— J. Cray con
fessed in the Police Court this morning to
having robbed Joseph Harris' house while
courting the servant.
The Reel Arden Forest, Where "As You Like It" Will Be Played for the Alameda
Floral Fete.
SOME DOOMED VEHICLES,
Marshal Lloyd of Berkeley Pre
paring to Seize Unlicensed
Wagons.
No Less Than Two Hundred Gong
About Untaxed — Next Monday
the Last Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 28. -Town Mar
shal Lloyd and his deputies are preparing
for a wholesale raid on wagons next Mon
day,as a result of the newly passed wagon
tax ordinance. The Marshal states that
there are about 400 taxable vehicles in
Berkeley and of the entire amount not
more than half have been licensed. Be
cause of the delinquency in paying the
tax all the unlicensed wagons will be
gathered up and held until their owners
have redeemed them. It is estimated that
about 150 vehicles will be seized. The
Marshal is confronted with the problem as
to where he will store them all, but he
says he will try to rise to the occasion by
placing them in the back yard of the Town
Hall.
It is reported that the reason why the
ordinance has not been observed more
carefully is because many people believe it
cannot be enforced and are determined to
let the authorities take the initiative by
seizing the vehicles.
Merchants' Association.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 28.-The first
regular meeting of the Merchants' Protec
tive Association of Berkeley was held last
evening, with W. T. Gillihan in the chair.
The adoption of by-laws formed tde most
important part of the business. At the
next meeting a permanent president, vice
president and secretary will be elected.
Profesßor Moses Leave*.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 28.-Professor
Bernard Moses, head of the department of
history at the State University, left for the
University of Chicago this afternoon, for
the purpose of giving a six weeks' course
of lectures there.
Candidates Nominated.
GOLDEN GATE, May 28. -At a meeting
of the citizens of Golden Gate at Klinkner
Hall last evening to place in nomination
tandidates for trustees of the Bay school
district the following men were put up:
i- *V ,R., R .™ rke ' H - Formaii, B. K. Said and
>. 0. w hite.
Foresters' Kxcnrsion.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 28.-Court
Shell Mound of the local Foresters will
give an excursion and picnic to Laurel
Glen, Contra Costa County, on next Sun
day. One thousand tickets have already
been sold. J
Graduation Kxereise«.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 28. -The gradu
ating exercises of the Berkeley cymnasiuni
will take place to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock. A closing musical and dramatic
entertainment was presented to-night.
When Baby was sick, w« gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castorla.
When she became Hiss, she clung to Castoria.
When she bad Children, she gave them Castoria,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896
FAIR ALAMEDA'S
FLORAL FETE,
A Two Days' May Festival
Held in the Thompson
Grounds.
BY CHARITABLE WOMEN
Pretty Sylvan Scenes Among
the Flower-Dacorated
Booths.
GKAND BIKE LANTERN PARADE
"As You Like It" W- I be Given
ToNight by Electric Light in a
Real Forest.
Yesterday morning the Alameda floral
fete, given under the auspices of the relief
committee of the Alameda Woman's Ex
change, was opened at the Thompson
grounds on High street. The naturally
beautiful park of R. R. Thompson was
further ornamented with seven or eight
handsomely decorated booths, making
the prettiest flower village imaginable.
Each floral bower was in charge of a
committee from one of the local churches,
and decorated with a peculiar flower by
which it was known. They were as fol
lows:
Methodist, eschscholtzia — Mrs. W. H.
Pollard, Mrs. G. R. Johns. Mrs. W. Johns,
Mrs. Waterson, Miss Pollard. This was
one of the most attractive features of the
grounds, the booth being decorated -sit.il
yellow poppies, and the young ladies in
attendance being gowned in the same
color.
Unitarian, sweet peas— Mrs. Frank
Clark, Mrs. Plummer, Mrs. Lynch, Mrs.
Baurbyte, Miss Elliott, Miss Sadler. The
flower was woven neatly among the greens
of the tower, making a very pretty effect.
Congregational, marguerites — Mrs. M.
Ward, Mrs. J. S. Haniey and a company
of younj; ladies in attendance.
Presbyterian, pink and geranium — Mrs.
Barton. Mrs. Barrett. Mrs. Smith.
Baptist, pink and silver poplar leaves-
Mrs. Wood, Mrs. Weeks, Mrs. Hubby,
Mrs. Robinson, Mi«s Spencer.
Catholic, roses— Mrs. Rossiter, Mrs. Co
lumbus Bartlett, Mrß. Shea, Mrs. Car
pentier.
Episcopal, ivy— Mrs. McGurr, Mr 3. Win
ter.
Gypsy tent, oriental interior— Miss Hop
kins as a fortune-teller in costume.
There were a number of olher booths
and stands all attractively decorated.
Tnere was no programme for the day's
enjoyment. The visitors simply strolled
around the park or sat in the pretty re
treats fitted up for their accommodation
and listened to the Presidio band. The
musicians were stationed on a grass plat
under a large oak and their melodies
sounded exquisitely through the grounds.
The bicycle lantern parade in connection
with the fete started at 8:30 o'clock under
Marshals V. A. Dodd, M. E. Games and E.
M. Whalley of the Alameda Cyclers' Club,
under whose direction the whole was
planned. Besides the home club the
Acme and Reliance clubs of Oakland, Dia
mond Cyclers, the Olympics, Bay City and
Imperial clubs of San Francisco sent rep
resentations. Then in addition there was
a host of wheelers unattached to any club
under the command of Albert Dexter and
F. E. Graham.
As the parade swung into Park street
from Central avenue, with the lanterns ull
lighted and the glare of the calcium tight
thrown on the riders at every turn, the
effect was striking and picturesque. It re
called the days of Aladdin and the Ara
bian nights.
Crowds lined the streets in every direc
tion, the major portion of which followed
the parade, wending its way to the
grounds, which were resplendent with the
light of hundreds of Chinese lanterns sus
pended on wijes from the trees. The
booths all did a izonu business.
The concert was under the direction of
Henry Fairweather, and just bit the tastes
of the auditors. "The Suwunee River" was
followed by "The Marseillaise," then came
"Die Wacht am Rhein," the "Hymn to
Culifornia," composed for the occasion by
Henry Fairweatber. "God Save the Queen"
and "My Country, 'tis of Thee."
To-day a festival midday May picnic
lunch will be served and a grand Maypole
dance be given by the following little girls:
Lulu Borein, Jesse Russell, Ida Matoon,
Laura Carl, Merle Francis, Irene Hanavan,
Maggie Bassett, Inez Merchant, Edna
fowl, Georgia Derby, Emily Lundber-,
Annie Devers, Florence Lake, Edith Cor
win, Emily Ross, Alma Ferris.
In the afternoon a floral bicycle parade
will take place, and in the evening "fill be
t?iven "As You Like It." Scats have been
erected in tiers lacing a level grassy spot'
where in a real forest Madame Julia Mel
ville Snyder's company will play.
The following is the cast :
The Duke (living in exile), George H. Mur
do<k; Duke Frederick (his brother, and
usurper of his dominions), Dr. J. j. Medros;
JacquesJFrederick Maurer; Le Bean (a courtier
attrniiing upon Frederick), Louis Butler;
Charles (wrestler to Frederick), Professor Al
Lean; Oliver, 11. B. Phillips; Jaques de Bols
It. J. J. Medros; Orlando, Abe P. Leach-
Adam. I. P. Alien; Touchstone, a clown, Phil
C Kibert; Corin. Louis Hntler; Sylvius, E. C
McManus; William, a country fellow, In love
with Audrey. George Godfrey; Rosalind,
daughter of the banished Duke, Miss George
Elliot; Celia, daughter to Frederick, Miss
Minnie Terry; I'hebe, a shepherdess, Mrs.
Frederick Maurer; Audrey, a country wench,
Miss Maud Russell; lord*, ladies, foresters, etc.
Miss Elliot is well known as Rosalind,
hay ng appeared in that part in the open
air ftnge at Sutro Heights and Palo Alto.
The grounds wiil be il'urninatfd with
elec nc and calcium lights, making the
night scene like day.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY.
Closing Kxercisos Held on the Lawn
Were Largely At-tended.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 28.— The closing
exercises of St. Joseph's Academy were
held this afternoon on the lawn between
the two wings of the building. Canvas
had been stretc ed overhead to ward off
the sun's rays and a platform was inclosed
at one end by suitably draping American
flags. It was a novel id> a and made a very
pretty room with the grass for a floor.
The academy — a boys' boarding-sctiool —
is the preparatory institution for St.
Mary's College. There are about sixty
boys under 1G years of age under the su
pervi.-ion of the Brothers of the Christian
Bcboois.
There was a very large attendance of
parents and friends, as well as many in
terested in the wnrk of the school.
There were re>-haii'>ns by Claude B.
Burleman, Daniel Bigley, William E.
Bell, Charles R. Keene, G. W. Domerque,
W. Brown, G. B. Henno, J. F. Moran,
Bayard H. Smith, Dalton W. McCarthy,
Milton A. Bowman. Alexander Younjr,
Percy J. Fitzgerald, Fiank V. Smith, C. F.
Colmer, Edmund A. Keene; vocal and in
strumental music by William J. McMena
min, Jo°eph L. Ascensio, John S. Kane,
Eniilie J.Weinmann, E. R. Keane, Wilfred
Brown, M. Mitchell, Ryland 0. (ioodspeed,
Clarence F. Colmer, Dalton and Justin
Mi<arthy, Gaston W. Domerque, Edward
L. Kirk, Joseph E. Whatley, a select choir
and chorus; and dialogues by William J.
Fitzgerald and Pierce M. Lonergan, Harry
J. Byrne and W. J. McMenamin, James A.
Fitzgerald, John H. Baker and Stephen A.
Nicholl, Gustave B. Henno and James F.
Moran.
The following boys received testimonials
for gentlemanly demeanor and application
to study :
Preparatory department— A. Young, J. Vhs
coni, E. Weinmtinn, R. Henno, D. Bigley, G.
. M. Goldeu, A. Lacanal, M. Bowman, R.
Debiqiie.
Academic <li partment— Harry Byrne, Joseph
Asceiit-io, Gustave Henno, Stanley Wafer, Ed
mund Keene, E. Kirk, Thomas 1 igley.
Intermediate depannu-nt, tirvt division—
Clarence Colmer, Albert Henno, Eawin What
ley, Frank Moran, Thomas Kinneaby. George
Bigley, Hnrry Baker, Alfred Tilftord, Germain
Millet, l'ierce Lonergan, Charles K'nne.
nd division— Percy Pltxgerald, Wilfred
Brown, Lacian Kors-e, Stephen Nicholl, Harry
Mitchell, Charles Good>pced, Francis Smith,
John Kane, O. Domerque, Eustace Bell.
Primary— B. bmitb, i>. McCarthy, w. Blanco,
J. McCarthy, A. Stocking.
Used Seven Languages.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 28.— The Men'a
Luther League held its first "social" at the
Lutheran church, corner of Grove and
Sixteenth streets, Wednesday evening, at
which Mrs. Beck-Meyer of Denmark de
livered an interesting address. She also
recited several Danish poems that were en
joyed by the Scandinavians present. To
illustrate the international spirit of the
meeting seven, tiisiinct tongues wero used.
Following the Norwegian and Bwedish
Hpeakers F. R. Girard made a cheering
speech, which was responded to by Wil
liam Moller and others. A. E. Fox, .the
league president, presi.led, assisted by the
secretary. H. Kief. Mrs. Beck-Meyer, who
has just "finished a course of lectures for
Stanford University on Scandinavian lit
erature, will deliver an address at the
church for the public generally June 7.
A Coatly Hall.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 28.— The Encinal
Hall, built for Mrs. Mary R. Mastick at
the corner of Railroad avenue &nl Sher
man street, and opened Aprij I.H. has had
no less than thirty-two liens liled on it,
amounting t0 511,575. In addition an exe
cuiion judgment for $299 99 has been lev
ied on the land.
CITY OFFICIALS
IN A HOT STEW,
"Pudd'nhead Wilson" and
"Svengali" Peirsol on
Their Mettle.
TUG-OF- WAR WITH DAVIE
All the Row Is Over Printing
Contracts and a New Daily-
Paper.
OLD POLITICIANS TRICKED.
The "Observer" Appears Suddenly,
Bids for City Work and Upsets
Arrangem nts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
90S Broadway, May 28. )
The sudden advent of a daily morning
pap<*r in this city two days ago has upset
a lot of calculations and created an un
usual amount of gossip.
The birth of the Observer as a daily on
the morning of the day on which bids
were to be received for city printing
denotes a condition of things that was not
anticipated until the paper was seen on
the street.
Rarely, perhaps never, has a newspaper
been issued under greater difficulties.
Late at night the printing outfit was un
loaded on the sidewalk. It was nearly
midnight and unless the first issue as a
daily came out in the morning the neatly
laid plan, of which the publication was a
part, would fail. Within an hour of the
arrival of the type a squad of printers
were dug out of their beds and induced
to distribute the brand new type and to set
up the paper by candlelight.
Daylight began to appear long before
the last Kalley was proved, and wnile the
proprietor was around town looking for a
printing press, the make-up was com
pleted.
An obliging publisher was found in the
person of Albert Keyser of the Demokrat,
' and it was nearly breakfast time when the
pre«s commenced to work. An hour later
Oakland's new daily was on the street,
and everybody was wondering where it
had come from.
Little was thought of it till the Board of
Public Works met in the afternoon to
award the city printing contract, and to
the surprise of everybody, and especially
of those who long have controlled the city
printing, the new paper had in a bid aa
low as the lowest. There are only three
votes in the board, and of course two will
pass anything.
City Engineer Wilson favored awarding
the contract to the new paper. Mayor
Davie was decidedly opposed to giving it
to any paper of a day, while City Attorney
Peirsol was on the fence.
A consultation followed and no agree
ment was reached, so the case was taken
under advisement. The contract must,
according to law, be awarded to one of the
lowest bidders, and the situation is full of
interest.
The outlook at present is that the ad
vent of the new paper may break the cast
iron bond of amity that has so long con
trolled Wilson and Peirsol.
The Mayor has always been deserted
when a vote is taken, and unless Peirsol
now joins with Wilson there may be many
changes at the City Hall in the next few
weeks. AH the he'ai.:. of the departments
hold office at the pleasure of the odd mem
ber of the board, and if he flops over to
Davie the total complexion of affairs will
be changed,
Frank Robinson is the young man who
has so suddenly appeared in the local
political world, and so stealthily were his
plans laid that the old-timers were not
aware of his presence in the field until he
was within an ace of capturing the prize.
The paper whose bid is the same as that
of Robinson's has the support of Davie,
but as it has persistently referred to
"bvengali" Peirsol and "Pudd'nhead"
Wilson there is a lack of harmony between
it and the two officials.
The imbroglio is being very carefully
watched from all sides, as its decision may
mean a great deal.
EVENTS OF A DAY.
Alameda County Huppenliigg Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco- Call, i
908 Broadway, May 28. \
Deputy Sneriff Al White is satisfied that Ed
Keiley and John Mortenson, -who were arrested
by Town Trustee Gray and Marshal Glesea
hoffer at San Leandro Sunday night, have
criminal records.
Anita Hunt, a six-year-old little girl, was
playing with a hatchet and had the misfortune
to cut off the end of one of. her little Augers
this morning.
"Auditor Whidden was before the Grand Jury
this morning:, giving evidence in behalf of
himself in the matter of the charges against
him, which the Grand Jury has been inquiring
into for some time i>nst.
There will be exercises by the children of the
Central Free Kindergarten on Friday morning
at 11 o'clock in the Brigade hall of the Presby
terian church. All Interested in children are
Invited to come and Ma these little ones.
The delegates to : the recent Christian Kn
deavor Convention at San Jose will be ten
dered a reception to-morrow evening in the
First Congregational Church. : A cordial invi
tation is extended' to all interested to be
present on that occasion.
Livingston Taylor, a member of the Califor
nia Yacht Club, has been suspended pending
an Investigation by the board of directors, it
is charged oy Charles Wilson that Taylor struck
him when he refused to allow Taylor to go on
board one of the yachts without a permit.
' Judge Greene has allowed the claim of P. F.
Benson against the estate of Philip Boogar for
$10,000" on account of legal services for
.^4587 -J5; that of J. D. Sullivan in the hum of
*10001 000 for $800, and that of 11. Choynski of
$500Ior$SO0.
Ruction Sales
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO..
Auctioneer)), 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN. 518 L
THIS DAY,
Friday May 39, 1896
At 11 a. m.,
AT RESIDENCE, BI7A HAVES ST., NEAR
WKBSIER,
WE WILL SELI,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE,
COMPRISING IN PART:
Veryeleeant odd pieces of Parlor Upholstery;
Kalian Chairs, Lounges, Divan*, fine Point Lace
Curtains, Library and -Center Tables, Pictures and
Ornament*; handsome French Hate Mirror, m*n-
tel top; best of Brussels Carpets; line walnut
Chamber Seta: spring and Curled Hair Mattresses;
Bolsters, Pillows. Blankets, Sheeting; Oak Chiffon-
iers; one elegant three-quarter KnKllshoak Mirror-
front Folding-Bed; Mirror-back sideboard; walnut
Kxtension Table: dining-room Chairs upholstered
in leather: finest of Cut Glass and Cblnaware, Sil-
verware, Cutlery, etc.; Water-back ltange; Lino-
leum, ana many other v eful articles.
• EDWAKI) a. &PEAK A CO., Auctioneers,
. ■ 31 and 33 Sutter street.
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art.
419 KEARNY ST.
THIS DAY.
Friday May 39. 1896,
AT 2 P. M.
More than 100 cas?3 of new Roods ex 8. 8. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods. Including Rugs of
every size, Antique Bronzes, Kagu &atsnma,Awata,
Cloisonne, KUhue, Koebi, etc.. etc.
'1 wo elegant presents given to the ladles dally
attending the sale at 2 p. v. Chairs for the ladles.
V. T. KKLAH. Auctioneer.
SPEECHES BY GRADUATES,
Sacred Heart College Closing
Exercises Attract a
Large Crowd.
Diplomas and Medals Awarded by
Archbishop Riordan— An Inter
esting Programme.
Metropolitan Temple was overcrowded
last niiriit by the friends and relatives of
the students of Sacred Heart College, for
the class of 1896 was to be graduated. In
vitations had been sent out in accordance
with the seating capacity of the large hall,
but the interest aroused by the exercises
proved sufficient to hold the attention of
a larue number of people who willingly
remained and stood throughout the even
ing.
The programme consisted of music by
the college orchestra, the college choir,
the '96 glee and a quartet of the graduates ;
of speeches by eigtit of the class, and of
the conferring of diplomas by his grace
Mo?t Rev. P. W. Riordan, who concluded
with a short extemporaneous address.
Draped at the rear of the platform, on
which were seated the twenty graduates,
were widths of red and yellow bunting, the
class colors, forming a background for
lettersin gold spelling out "Vincit Omnia
Veritas. Sacred Heart College." On each
side were large silk United States flags and
National shields set off by smaller flags,
while the entire balcony rail was festooned
with red and blue bunting held in place by
United States shields.
The subjects of the graduating theses
were varied and their treatment was uni
fornierly interesting.
Joseph A. Kendrick spoke of tne "Life
work of the late Archbishop Kendr>ck of
St. Louis." Thomas Maguire tooK for his
theme "Our Patriot Dead." Arthur J.
Sullivan told "What the Monks
Have Done for Civilization," touch
ing particularly upon their achieve
ments in -the early settlement of
California. David A. Barry discussed
"Irish Orators," a subject with which nis
audience was in hearty sympathy.
James P. Brady paid a tribute to
another departed member of the
priesthood in an essay reviewing
and quoting from the poems of Father
Ryan, the poet of the South. William
P. Sullivan looked to arbitration as
the keynote of future international rela
tion?.
"Catholics Loyal" formed the sub
ject of some very stirring sentiments from
Harry H. Hay.
The last speaker, Arthur E. Curtis,
clearly outlined the Monroe doctrine.
The following students having success
fully completed the course prescribed for
the colleeiate department of Sacred Heart
College were awarded certificates entitling,
them to enter the senior class of St.
Mary's College:
William Patrick Sullivan, Thomas Michael
Maguire, David Aloysius Barry, Arthur E.l
ward Curtis, James Philip Brady, Arthur
Joseph bullivan, Joseph Aloysius Kendrick,
Hugh Henry Hay, John Patrick Feeney,
\Niiliam Edgar Farrell, Thomas Patiict
Lydon.
The following younc men having com
pleted the second year's course were de
clared entitled to certificates:
John J. Harrington. James I. ODea, Joseph
V. Cosiello, Oweu 11. McMahon, James P.
Monaghan.
From the business department the fol
lowing received diplomas:
Thomas Aloysius Hanrahan, John Joseph
Wallace, Stanislaus Erruinold Ranken, Edward
Thomas Maiiou. John Frnncis Kelly, Francis
John Sullivan, Waiter Arthur O'Keefe, Henry
Antony Juusing, John Joseph Sullivan.
The following students having com
pleted the first year's course in the collegi
ate department were awarded certificates
entitling them to enter the second class:
Philip L. Martin, Nicholas F. McMahon,
James A. Kirby, tVilUam J. Walsh, Louis A.
McCryatle, Jamea A. White, Thomas B. Brady,
Edward M. Mulville, John P. Hanrahan, Ber
nard F. McDermotU
Certificates of promotion were awarded
to the following students:
George F. Englefield, William J. O'Connor,
Vincent E. O'Neill, John J. Rowan, Edward A.
Kenny, Patrick J. Kourke, Oliver A. Welsh,
Maurice A. Sullivan, Wade H. Shadburne,
Milton A. Feder.
Pupils of the intermediate and pre
paratory departments will receive testi
monials of promotion at tne college this
morning.
Honor medals were awarded as follows
for Christian doctrine:
A gold medal presented by his Grace Most
Rev. I. W. Kiordnn, awarded to John J. Har
rington, second collegiate class; next in merit,
Artnnr E. Curtis, second collegiate class.
Gold medals, presented by Very Rev. J. J.
Prendergast, V. G., awarded to William J.
Wal»b, third collegiate clas-a; Vincent- E.
ON ill, fourth collegiate class; Johu F. Kelly,
business class; John M. Byrne, first inter
mediate class; William 11. Fogarty, second
intermediate class; Martin J. Mulgrew, third
intermediate cluss; Miles P. Milward, fourth
intermediate class.
Gold medals for English composition pre
sented by Rev. Joseph F. Byrne, awarded to
David A. Barry; next in merit, William P.
Sullivan.
After presenting the different certificates
Archbishop Riordan said:
"It is getting late. I have no idea of
mingling my voice with the fresh youner
voices we have heard here to-night. These
young men of the graduating class have
given evidence of the training they have
received a tiring the past few years. Ido
hope that the principles of religious teach
ing that have beer, instilled at the school
durng the past year may bear fruit.
"But the best school for a boy is often
in his own home, and the best teachers are
his own parents. There is too much
relianco placed in the kodak principle —
'You press the button and we do Uie rest.'
~~~ LAURENCE VINCENT,
«- Auctioneer and Commission nerchant,
Office 609 and 610 Spreckels Bldg., 927 Market
THIS day.
Friday. May 29, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
1318 Ellis St., Bet. Ootavia and Laguna,
....I WILL SELL
The Elegant Parlor Upholstery; Magntflcent
tasy Chairs; Fancy. Recention and Reclining
Chairs; Tete-a-tetes, < tc.: all upholstered In oostlv
materials: Very Elegant Lace Curtains; Klecaiit
Pictures: Bric-a-brac; Costly Rugs: Ms-rant Car-
pets throughout the residence; 1 Very Elegant
anil Massive inlaid French Walnut Chamber
1%-i Wlth extra sisso rench-p ate Mirrors, cost
$2*5: Quarter-sawed Oak Chamber Suits: Spring
and Curled-hair Mattresses; line Bedding- Eie-
pant Hallstand; French - plate Mantel M'lrror-
Mantel Clock; Banquet Lamps, etc.: Kle-tant
Quarter-sawed Oak SUeboara, Extension Tab*
Dining chairs, etc.; Chinaware, Glassware; Very
Xle ant Range, con $75; Kitchen Utensils, etc.
NoTK— furniture contained In the above
residence Is almost new and of the latest design.
Terms— Cash. '
LAURENCE VINCENT, Auctioneer.
CMS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms- 1135 Market Street.
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Saleday .
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone. Jessie 76L
_  THIS DAY.
Fr lday ....Bray 39, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. it. at salesroom.
1135 MARKET ST., bet. 7th and Bth,
*;X "'" r '- . WE WILL BULL...
Gilt Mantel Mirrors, Upright Piano, Folding Beds,
(mirror front). Desk, Sideboard. Parlor Sets, Bed-
room sets. Hairspring Mattresses. Bedding, Car-
pets, Paintings, Lace Curtains, Crockery, Glass-
ware, Stoves, Ranges, etc., 56 Oak (.hairs, 10
Tables, Cutlery, Cooking Utensils. Casters, Sugar
Bowls, Glassware. .Show Cases, etc.. etc.
CHAM. LEVY & CO., Auctioneer!.
AUCTION SALE_OP HORSES.
£a £a £s
THIS DAY.
Friday... May 29, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
J. D. HGRAN'S STOCKYARD,
Corner Tenth and Bryant Sts.,
WE WILL SKLL AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
SIXTY HEAD OF HORSES
Belonging to J. T. CAREY of Davisvllla
ami 1.. JIAKUK of San Luis ÜbUpo.
These are good serviceable horses. May be seen
at any time up to sale at Bonn's Salesyard.
KILLIP & CC. •
IiIVID-BTOCK AUCTIONEERS,
30 Montgomery St.
You must not think that when you put a
boy into a Catholic school it will 'do the
rest.' The root of religion and of char
acter is in the home. Wnile the school is
doing its work it must be supplemented
by the influence of home life. Parents
must remember to do their part day by
day so that their boys may grow in
sanctity.
"I trust that the lessons of morality
learned in Sacred Heart College may bear
fruit in later life, and that these boys may
never forget that they are graduates of a
Catholic school.
"We owe a great debt of gratitude to the
brotherß who have performed the arduous
duties of teachers. Little do we consider
the demand that is made upon their
patience, or of their exercise of Christian
character. To the teachers every year
brings its new class of pupils to whom
they must silently, unremittently give
their attention. I believe that the vocation
most laborious and tedious is the task" of
these teacnerj. They should be helped on
by the co-operation of parents.
"With best wishes to those now leaving
school and kindest greetings to those that
will return next term, I bid all an affec
tionate good- by."
ALAMEDA JOTTINGS.
Colonel Suter Cannot Do Anything
in th» Matter of the Tidal
Canal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 28. — Colonel
Charles R. Suter, U. S. A., has shut down
on the public authorities regarding the
cleansing of the tidal canal. To-day he
informed the City Clerk that it was "not
in the power of this office to do anything
in reference to the alleged unsanitary con
dition of the tidal canal." The question
now is, Who can interfere, seeing the canal
is under Federal control?
Fraternal K lections.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 28.— West End
Lodge No. 175, A. 0. U. W., elected the
following officers on Tuesday night : Past
master, L. S. Silberberg; master workman,
W. P. Lund; foreman, Gustave Baehr;
overseer, James McGee; guide, E. R. Wil
son; inside watchmen, George W. Shrevo
and A. Peterson.
Spruce Camp No. 132, Woodmen of the
World, at a fully attended meeting last
night elected the following officers: Con
bul commander. F. P. Royle; advisor lieu
tenant, W. J. Robinson; escort, C. V. Pe
terson; watchman, S. A. Burrell; sentry,
J. F. Vollraer; manager, E. D. Ells. The
delegates elected to the district convention
to be held in Oakland June 17 are: T. E.
Brennan, F. P. Royle, C. L. Robinson and
W. W. Goggin.
Schneider's Estate.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 28.— August A.
Schneider has applied for letters of admin
istration of the estate of Ins partner, Mat
thew Schneider. The estate consists of
real estate, $4500; furniture, $450: San
Francisco Call route. $3800; horses, carts
etc, $180.
NEW TO-DAY.
rasp™
•I Wfc
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that ha
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare? -
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
f ~l|k -^ r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
feS^M^£w EAKXVST - -Established
aDi\ Gibbon's Dispensary,
f>2SKEARBTVST. Established
in 1 8»4 for the treatment of Private
BWgtM Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
*viSSBv5Bl s r asP wearing on bodyandinindand
■Skin Diseases Thedoctorcureswhen
*^iH?iSy^a others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Dr. J. ■?. ('nrpiigunranKi'd. Cfcilorwrit*. I
1314
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J O Haves, Eadenvale J B Bellzlay, Kacto
H C Mitchell &w, Cal J H Batter, Cal
E Ardley, Cal J E Holland, Sacto
E A Manley. San Maleo J M Augman, San Mateo
Vf n Luns. Cal A M Lewis * fm, Oaklnd
G II (irant. Oakland J A Anderson, Los Ang
H Hlock. Boston Mrs R A Fl.mine.Jacksu
Miss A Flt-mln^-.JacKSOn Mrs R J Atki^Jacksou
R E Fatzo, Eureka 1 N I'winter, Or
S Daniels, Fresno F E Lewis, Calico
\u' walker. Willows E A Manley, San Mateo
I W tCmgOira, Mexico J Hn her, Ohio
D s B Slnsser. Cal A Smith, I os Ancelea
E Downing, Visalia S S Andreas. Pomona
j R Richanison. in J McCarthy, Cal
CM Hennett.Ga W l» Craig) wdt eh, Ind
H A Bell, Sacto A Rosebum A w, Cal
R Andrews. I'eialuma MrsJ Farris, s«cto
li X Wells, Mich Mrs Basiaur, Mich
MISS Wells. Mich F Kraus, san Jose
F N Johnson, Yoba LHeltman, Mon:
¥ P Smith, Guatrtiiala N H Wilson. Merced
L C Addis, sn.n Jose M L Brewtngton, Cal
ilrsti Spencer, San Jose R E French. Uakersfield
>; H GrIiTRS, Stanford E B Horning, Marysviile
MrsJ A lAng, 8 Diego Mrs Andrews, Alameda
O L Threlkel, Cal J C Tice, Newcastle
B s Mills, Stantord T ThrilfitH, ~ac;o
Mrs W (i Cummings, J M R liethune, Cal
Los Anceles Miss lieihune, Cal
E J Caliill, san Martine X Wright, Belmont
LICK HOUSE.
Wm Butiertield & wf, John Hood. Santa Rosa
Mer.io i'ark 0 U H.Ue. smartsviile
J E Campbell. Yuba City H L Cutter. Cai
H Spring, Sau Jose J S Todd, Guatemala
W H Terry, 1X)B Angeles W A Morgan. Ls Aneeies
Miss 0 A kuss.Keillands Miss Z Ktiss, Rt-dlands
Wm W Huss, S V City GIJ Kutisenstein, Sac
A Nowell, duateaiala J L Hudner. Hollister
H Fraukliu, N V R C Minor, Stockton
X)r A M uardner. N*pa I Dannerbaum, Valiejo
Jir F II Hatch. Agnews F Z CJleno, .lacinto
Mrs G Cobh, San Jose Hiunn <t wf, Omaha
G T Pheips <fc wf, cbicag Ira Jameson, I aroma
<; f Wallace, N V P J Simpson & wf, N V
Miss Simpson, NY' G Walker & sn, Madera
J I' Oldham. (.bicaxo O Wiisou <t wf, sac
Miss Pearl Wilson, Sac Miss J 1 aim, Sac
G T Pearson & wf, Pa Miss J Pearson, Pa
A Kenrlckson.Clayton.O
PALACE HOTEL.
W R Moon, New York W Rosenberg, S Salvador
H MYerrlngton&w.Nev E Derrenberg Jr, Mexico
F Clayton, Mexico J Schenck, salt Lake
C Hernandez. La R W Vosourgh <£ w, N V
X V lialiock *w, N V Miss E W HaJlock, N V
Mrs Boiton, N V Miss Kolton, N V
T i K:eld & w.Monterey R J Shulties, Snlt I^ke
M r.s 11 P Fnrnh&m, N V' Mrs G H Farnhum, N V
Miss E E Farnham, N V Miss L Farnhnm, N V
J X ( owell & w. N V M S Hellen & w, Cal
J S Woodruff. Chicago J E Craig. 0S N
M A Cohen, N V J F Dunne, San Felipe
B H spencer, Stanford C W Kohlsaa:. N V
J Mel adden, Santa Ana L A Giduings, Colorado
Mrs 0 uilinf;*, Colorado Gen You liiumanJtw.Col
b Rothschild, Ohio JWaterman,wJc<6m,uhlo
( OSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
M i'arr. Merced J Church & w, Lakeport
H J Earnshnw. S Dakota A Kinasion, Sacramento
H Br&Kdon. Portland E Harvey, Los Angeies
T W Writt, Stockton A E HiDley, Seattle
in dt v.-.New York A Fooz & w, Philadelphia
a Huber, Illinois E Thompson, Fresno
H Niebeiding, Ft Bragg Mrs Elite <& d, Stockton
Mrs .1 Frasn , Michigan Mlsa L Abbay, Ukiali
L i.ynch, Oakdale .1 W McCloskey, Mexico
(J O McCloakey, Mexico P J Moran, Wisconsin
.1 I) Ixin.-uiliion, Chicago II Carey, B,>s:on
Alex Cohen, host on A P. McDonald. N V
A Met arty, i-resno L B Kwing, Sjinta Clara
(i \V Monroe, r-an Jose J L McMahon, St Louis
J L Maher, New Jersey
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Brown, New York U 1. Cutter, New York
J-. S Stewart, Berkeley E 8 Prune, D 8 N
WA Kvan, Ix>s Anireles C Hic-Kson, Ix)s Angeles
'I Quinn, Los Angeles H v Wiley, Los Angeles
Miss Wiley. Los Angeles X Beardslev, I»os Ang
W ( yon Henk. . Bkr>ti.i Mis c H Waldo. Ohio
j McGlgnan, Ca.- roville a C Baldwin, Vermont
(' Herman, (iiiatemala J S sm- th, I'asaaena
A I. B:xby, Wa:sonvi le 1; W KossO, New York
O S Brgsis. New crk C(J Wicker dt w, 1. liicnso
II P P.unker, Li .ermore A R jHCkson, New York
II I.aclimun, Alameda Er. 1< :ik. Saisan
r. Si Louis" F Blair, Seattle
Miss F Hali, Portlnnd
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A A Gibson, Abbott mine V MoK;ill, (iuemeville
J itisnorn.San Mateo H E Dewitt. Detroit
- 8 in^er, Boston R H White, Seattle
.1 J Downey, Portland J Delan -y, Chica.o
J W Ellsworth, Chit-ago 7. < > BuekmT, Santa Rosa
V ~\ ournj A fy, Fresno J Becker J£ wf, Fresno
Mrs Brown, Tacoma .1 X Rodgers, Modesto
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William and Margaret Pickett to Louis I'azet.
lot on -\ line of Geary street, 80 W of Larkin, W
30 by N 80, subject to mortgages: $10.
Margaret Evans to H. E. and llartland Law, lot
on E line of Van. Ness avenue, 40:3 S of Green
street, E 124:6 SE to sE line of 100-vara lot 9, SE
86, NW 115:10 4-5; $10.
Same to same, 10. on E line of Van Ness avenue,
122:6 N of Vallejo, N 112:3, SE 115:10 4-5, NE
16:6, W 3:4i 2 , 8 »5. W 124:6: $10.
F. J. Gunn to Belinda M. Uunn. lot on W line of
Webster street, 114:4% N of Washington, N 25
by W 97 :6, warranty deed; *5.
Annette Schwob to Sylvia Karh, lot on S line of
Twenty-first strce:, 97 Wof Treat avenue, W25
by 595: gift.
Catherine Holland to Thomas .1., Charles 11. and
Leo s.H olland aud Ellezada Thompson, lot on E
line of York street, 213 X of Twenty -fifth, N 23 by
E 100; gift
. Jereh G. McCraith to Hans Petersen, lot on E
line of Castro reet, 51:6 Sof Alvarado, S 26 by
li 105: ?10.
Man- O*Halloran to Stephen A. Born, lot on N
li::'- 01 Twenty-fourth street, 30 E of Castro, E
25 by N 80; $10.
Amanda 1 omax to City and County of San Fran
cisco, lo: on N line of Pacific strep;, 137:5 W of
Jam W 1 inch by N 60: $80.
Henry Siagler and Charles Uszvnskl to Gnstave
hinder, lot on E*W corner of Sherman and Cleve
land streets, W 75 by N 25, subject to mortgage;
M. L. and Rachel R. Van Winkle to Johanna
McCarthy, lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 300 N of
D street, N 26 by i; 120: $10.
Sume to Daniel 8. McCarthy, lot on E line of
Nintti avenue, 275 N of v street. N 25 by E 120:
iflO.
a. W. Lind to L. F. Herrick, lots 449 and 451,
Gift -Mop 1; $10.
M. and Mary O'Doherty to Ann Towns, lot 13,
block 47, Sunriyside; £10.
A. C. »'id .1 spiiin» B. i-reeman to Joseph Buz
7ini, lot. on W line of Railroad avenue, 100:1% N
if -mllDiM, N 100:1%," W 97:43 /g . s 10 »,
E 94:85^, block 1, Garden Tract Homestead: 810.
v C KcMnrry Jr. to V. C. WcMurry Sr.. lot on
S corner of Huron and Naglee iivrn.es, sW 160
by BE 237. block 17, West Knd 2; «"
V. C and Louisa F. McMnrry -.. Domenlco
Figone and Antonio Casanova, same; 4,10.
AI.AMKIIA COUKTT.
Golden Gale Land and Improvement Company
to Charles McCarthy, lets 9. in. 11, 20, 21 and 22,
block I, lots 7 to 13, 18. 19, 20, 22 to 25. block J
lots 3, 4 and 7. block E, and lot 8. block D, Golden
Gate Tract, Oakland Township: 310.
Everett Carpenter to Maggie Laudregan, lot on
SAY corner of Twelfth street and Landregau
avenue. S 107 by W 200, beir-g lots 1 to 4, block 2,
Landregan Tract. Oakland Township; $10. *
David and Mary E. Baxter to Joseph W. Kee
nan. lot. on W line of Elm street, 1 50 Nof Haw
thorne avenue. N 50 by W 125, bein^ lot 41,
Buena Vista Homestead, subject to a mortcace
for *500, Oakland: $10.
John and Betsy Bergquest to Frank A. An
tonuccio, lot 13, block B, Daly Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. ;i >.*<**-?
Builders' Contracts.
Union Iron Works with Keating, Leonard &
Ransom e. concrete work, cab'e baiids and twisted
iron rods for a brick and steel building on NE
corner of Napa and Georgia streets: architects,
Peicy & Hamilton: $3*90
Union Iron Works with William McCall, J. W.
Miller and Adam Beck, brickwork, cementing,
same: Sara'- architects: $8450.
.Union Iron Works with F. W. Kern, carpenter
work, mtllwork, same; same architect; $10,344.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL".
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ran Francisco Cali^
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opti
on til 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
t^S^YERBA BUENA LODGE OF
ix*& Perfection No. I— Regular meeting *¥?*
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, May 2 9, at M
7:30 O'clock. D. 4. Ax
■ GEORGE J. UOBE, Secretary. <_2?
lt^> CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. oT
&-& and A. M.— Officers and memlcrs A
are requested to attend the funeral of onraB 1
late brother, J. H. HURD. on SATURDAY , /V
May 30, at ] :30 P. m., from Masonic Temple. By
order of the W. M. 11. FORTRIEDK, See.
V&g' SARGENT LODGE no. : .6S.~~^^ "
Lr~*^ I. O. O. F.— Officers and ; mem-^iggfcfe.
hers will please take notice that there -ss?flBC*F
will be nominations of officers ana Irn- ■^/u'W-.
portant business transacted THIS (FRIDAY)
EVENING. Visiting brothers always welcome.
C. c; RE MAILER, N. G.
*V.O. MACDOrOALI,, Rec. Sec
E£~S=» CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. <sNm^>
**-*? 1,1. O. o. F. will elect officers^a^Oß^
TO-NIGHT. June 1. ■?&<2>3£=
W M . < ', KILEY, N. G. '^f/l^^"
<•■ W. Day walt, Sec.
K5"-.THK ODD FELLOWS OF <*> _Ui'/7~
t*^*^ san ranc-i-co "ill give a social, •§2?_3C'K.
literary and musical entertainment at 53SSK3C
odd Fellows' Hall FRIDAY BVKN- -^^ n -'^~
ING. Mtjy 29, 1896. at which some of the successes
of Poderewskl will he rendered ' by the eminent
piano virtuoso. Mr. Hugo Mansfeldu
itr^ THIRTIETH UJIAND' an- v •_?■>.
tt^ 7 nual gathering and aames of the iv, fkju
Caledonian Club, Shell- Mound Park. «iTl?i*
Berkeley, SATURDAY. Slay 30.' A '^Mi
most Interesting programme. Including all ancient
Hcottlsb feats of strength and skill and other ex-
citing mv. events-. A handsome banner will be
jirt-st-nied to the :winning learn in the relay race
between the high school boys of San Francisco
and Oakland. Noted athlete* from all parts 01
America, as well as lads «nd lassies, will take part
Coin to the amount of $3000 and other valuubl>-
prizes will be distributed. to the successful com
petitors on th» grounds. Music anil dancing Id
two large pavilions. A Caledonian welcome to all.
Be sure and buy yonr tickets for shell Mound
Park. Admission— Adults 60c, children 25c
D. R. El LL. Chief.
J. H. Duncan, Secietary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
ff3y ing— Pacific Coosi Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1896, hi the hour of 11 a. it., at ~ the office or the
company, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPRECKELS, President. •
W. S. Leakk. Secretary. .
Pan Francisco. CV.I.. May 15. 1896.
~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
s_sS^ " COFFtE Y's'^COLLECTioN ?A "cs,', 235
'»£-•'■>' Kearny St., ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
H_3S» THE SCHOONER PILOT HAS ARRIV-
-IS3S? Ed with a lot of fresh halibut; will retail
them at 5c per pound. Apply at Union-st. wharf.
|BS55= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
w-^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montsy su,' room 6. Tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS tVANTEU-FEMALE.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WITH A CHILD
v.' desires situation: $10 to $15: best references;
country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter sU . •
AMERICAN GIRL WANTS PLACE IN COUN-
try; references. FENTON A CO., 122 Geary.
Good SCOTCH GIRL WANTS PLACE AS
cook or housework; references. FENTON &
CO., 122 Geary st '
ITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O woman to care for elderly lady or gentleman,
or as housekeeper or child's nurse; none but re-
fined parties need apply: best of references given:
city or country. Address Prescott House, corner
Kearny and Pacific sts. '
ANTED— PLACE AS COOK OR LAUN-
»' dress b.- midd!|-aged woman: is good seam-
stress; not afraid to work; references. Address
T. 11.. care Coffin's drugstore, corner Sixteenth
and Valencia sts. '
SPANI H LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
housekeeper or to take charge of Invalid or
lodging-house. Call or address 150 Fourth St.,
room 12. -
yOI'NO WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
i x with a child wishes a housekeeper's passion or
some light work to do. Please call 917 Market su,
room 18. ;'■ i__
pERMAN LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
VT working nousekeeper or do housework In
small family: references given. Please call 259
Stevenson St., beu Third and Fourth. '
"OESPECTABLE FRENCH SWISS PROTES-
Xli tant, middle-ased. as housekeeper In small
family; good references. 125 Gouirb st. . ■
"L^XPERIENCED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
I j any kind of work by the day or week; terms $1
per day and carfare. Call or address 523 Steven-
son su ' .. t-v
T>ESPECTAB\iE WOMAN WISHES a situ-
'Xl a: ion m cook or laundress; Jewish family pre-
ferred; many years' references. Call or address
j 364 Jessie st.
REFINED YOUNG WOMAN WOULD. LIKE
J V to go East as companion or nurse for fare. Ad-
dress box 501, Berkeley.
THIRST -CLASS NURsE WOULD GIVE HER
r services as maid or nurse for fare and expenses
to the East or liurope. Address A. C, box 45. Call.
OUSK-KEKPER AND COOK WITH BEST
of references wishes situation. 340 Turk sU
TAIRiT-CLASSCOLOREDCOOKORGENERAL
1 housework. 340 Turk st.
VOUNii GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO AS-
-1 stst In light housework. Please call 523 Po-
trero aye., near Eighteenth.
YOUNG LADY " WISHES PLACE IN PRI-
X vate family: respectable Jewish family pre-
ferred. Call 448 Natoma st., near Sixth.
»>y FIRST-CLASS FITTER, STYLISH DRAP-
•■> er and designer, thorough dressmaker, by the
day. MISS WARWICK, 111 Grove sU
pOMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
V situation: general housework; good cook; kind
to children; city, or short dhtance in country.
27% Fourth su
ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK by the
day: washing, ironing and cleaning. 358
Eleventh su
V COMPETENT WOMAN TO DO COOKING
in private family. Call 1126I 1 26 Howard st.
P ELI ABLE GIRL (LATELY FROM IRE-
XV land) wants situation to do general housework.
Call or address 2417 Clay St.
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do general housework; is good cook and
laundress; not afraid of work. Call or address 214
Third su, room 51.
V COMPETENT WOMAN. GENERAL
housework: city or country. 551% Howard.
V RELIABLE AMERICA* WOMAN, TO DO
cooking and housework in small family; mod-
erate wages. Call 1239% Market BU
PROTESTANT LADY, WITH A CHILD OF 10
X years, wants position as working housekeeper
for widower or bachelor: a go home the object.
Address P. L., box 102. Call office. • . -*• ■■-■
WEDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
O housework, call 424 Jersey St., near Castro.
T^lrTT WANTS POSITION IN RESPECTABLE
' » family, housework and second work, in Ala-
meda or city: good reference. Please call, with
present employer. 808 Santa Clara aye., Alameda.
ATI ON Wanted, BY A woman vo
0 do general housework; small wages; city or I
country. 39 Minna st.; apply 2 days.
T ADY~WA.nTS A SITUAiION AS HOUSE
xi keeper: city preferred. Address or apply 120%
Geary st., room 15.
D« EDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
housework. Address 12 Clara st.
Situation wanted AS nurse or TO
0 take care of invalid; wages $20 to «2S. Ad-
dress or call, A. D.,929 Pine st.
1 ADY FROM THE EAST WOULD LIKE A
■1-J position: either as managing housekeeper or
governess. Call or address l:-.7 Seventh at., room 1.
U' INCHES ! ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable:
lree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LADY STENOGRAPHER WISHES A POSl-
lion in a mercantile house. Address L. S., box
92, Call.
yOUNG LADY RECENTLY from the
X East desires plain sewing and mending by the
day. Room 8. 472 Stevenson sU
p ERMAN KMPLOYMENI OFFICE; BKST
VJ" lulu secured. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
SITUATIONS WANTED— 3I ALE.
HIN ir-.l: .V VJ)., CIIiXKSK ASUJAI'A--
employment office, 17 Webb su, below Kear-
*ny_bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
O Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
/ CHINESE AN.i JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
'. office; best help. 41-1 O'FarreU; lei. K. 426.
pniNESE AND Japanese RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1937. BRADLKY&CO.. 640 Clay.
1) l. i-.CUOK'.-, r-.ii:. :-Ul-i-LIE.-> i'ijdKS; ALL
X . branches tshorl notice. 14<'.earv\ te!.Gran*,43
W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
O . men*, office. 6:-".7 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office ; best help. 314 8 Sutter: teL Uraai 30.
V| AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
i'l- man understands general work on private.
■ lace, horses, cattle, poultry: wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second -work; references.
Address T. 8.. box 63, Call office.
ENTLEMAN WISHES A POSITION AS
VJ bookkeeper in wholesale house; can brine
first-clasi recommendations. Address S., 44
Third st.
POSITION BY AN EXPERIENCED BOOK-
X keeper, stenographer and typewriter; best of
references. Address P. T., box 42, all Oilice.
JAPANESE YOUNG BOY WANTS TO DO
'I housework or wait on table. Address T. H.,
1605 Buchanan st.
SITUATION WANTED BY AN EXPERI-
kS enced clothing man; also Al window dresser.
Address 24 Third st. - ■ -.
p AKDENER WISHES SITUATION; C A
VJ" mlk and take care of horses: r-ferences. Ad-
dress GARDENER, box 42, this offices
SCOTCHMAN, SHORT AN HOMELY. BUT
O strong, sober and honest, would like work; un-
derstands care of horses: pood recommendations.
.VddreHS MUNCASTiiR. 58 Sacramento si.
BY STEADY, SOBER, MIDDLE-AGED MAN,
situation as dishwasher in small restaurant or
hotel ; last place 4 years. A. 8., box 3, Call Office,
Oakland. .
QITUATION WANTED AS MARKER AND
> ' distributor by young man of three and a half
years' experience. Address F. C., box 2, "Call
• Jilictr, Oakland.
OTENOOU U'ER, EXPERIENCED IN LEGAL
O and commercial work, desires position; per-
manent or temporary: references. Address S. P.,
i.ox 89. Call office.
\\T ANTED— POSITION AS PORTER IN
»» wholesale house; good references. Address
P. I). F., box 47, Call Office. ,
I A I' A 5 ESE BOY WANT- SITUATION TO
•I do housework and cook In family. Address 11.
N., 3 001 Buchanan st.
Strong JAPANESE man WANTS a posi-
O tlon in wholesale store: has best reference in
city; good driver. G. S,, Box 72, Call Office. .
YOUNG MAN WANTS A SITUATION TO
1- drive a milk wagon; has bad experience and
, knows city well. Address M. VV'., box 102, Call.
• SITUATION WANTED BY A lIKKMAN MAN
0 as servant or porter; like< to wor :; understands
are of fine horses. GKDASCHKK, 330 Kearny.
. IRST-CLASS FRENCHMAN WANTS SITCA-
tion as bedraaker: has good reference. Call or
address 621 Pacific
AKi- 11 KOKKMAN WISHES TO . TAKE
: • > charge of shop, city or country. Address Baker,
box 141, Call Oflice.
;Ur ANT-D. BY STRONG YOUNG MAN-PO.
. •» sition In a wholesale house or with a shipping;
or commission firm; not afraid of i:ard work. Ad-
dress S. M., box 151. Call Office.
/ OACH >• a N .-ITUATION WANTED* UN-
yj derstauds thoroughly in- care or horses, cows,
Harden, etc.; also careful driver: city or country
r ference. address C. D., box 99, Call. '
UTLER (GERMAN) WANTS POSITION:
best city leferences. Address G. ii_ box 69,
Call Office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 2i>, 18y«.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnned.
youNO married man, compositor,
.1 speaking and writing dish and German,
with small amount of money, wants position; is
no: afraid to change his trade. Address Composi-
tor, Oakland Call Office. ■
171XPERIENCED WINEMAKER and ce l-
-_ larman (German), for the past 10 yews lore-
man in large California wineries, with first-class
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address box 1, Call Office. Los Angeles.
TTOTELOR RANCH MANAGER— MAN AND
XX wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public in-
stitution or other property in Southern California;
large experience in handling help. Manager,
P. >». box 2217. San Francisco. •
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room 200
room:,: 25c to $1 50 per niaht: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR.
Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus ami baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
OTRONG CHAMBERMAID: $20: CITY; CALL
Bto 9. LAMBERT, 306 Mason st. .
p ERMAN GIRL: GENERAL IKjU-iEWORK;
VJ $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason st. '-\ -
Herman GIRL: ASSIST HOUSEWORK;
VJ $18. MRS. LAMBERT. 306 Mason St.
A I " OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST FOR SAN LUIS
X Obispo; see lady 10:30; $12. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 30 M ago st, s - '■: • ■'v*
/"I ERMAN" GIRL FOR 3 ADULTS; VERY
VJ good place; sl6. MRS. LAMBERT. 306 Mason.
COOK, SLEEP HOME, $20; COOK, COUNTRY,
$35: waitress, $25, same house; nurse, 25;
15 housework girls, city and country, $20. $25 and
$3U; 8 young girls to assist, $10 10 $16. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter su
OUSEWORK GIRL. SHORT DISTANCE,
$20. 3 In family. MISS CU LLEN, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN SECOND GIRL AND SKAJI-
VJ stress, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
pATHOLIC NURSE, TRAVEL, $15. MISS
VJ CULLEN. 323 Snttcr su
"VTURSE; SLEEP HOME: $10. MISS CCL-
X> LEN, 323 Sntter su
WORKING HOLSEKKEPER, $20 PER
»» month. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sotter st.
\U ANTED— CHAMBERMAID, ASSIST WAIT-
'» Ing, $20; 2 waitresses, hotel and restaurant,
$20 and $5 week : 6 cooks, boarding-bouse, hotel
and restaurant, $20, $25 and $30 and $35 : 3 cooks,
Germaii style, $25: cook, institution. $30: and a
larcn numberof girls for cooking ami housework,
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312
Batter su
C~OOK, MOUNTAIN RESORT, $25; IRONERS
VJ for country steam laundry, $10 a week and $20
a month and found; Protestant cook, country,
$25; North German cook, $25; German or Scan-
dinavian cook, $25: waitress, city restaurant, $20
and room; girls for housework, city and country,
$15 and $20. C. K. HAN SEN _ ■ P., 110 Geary.
1- 1N X IRONER, FIRST-"( COUNTRY
' hotel, $30; second girl, $20: family cook. $25.
and girls for housework. R. T. WARD «fc CO., 610
Clay su -'■•,'..
ANTED — COOK, SMALL ~ BOARDING-
" house, $30: German or Swedish cook, Berke-
ley, $30: second girl and sewing, $25; 2 German
girls, houseworK, $25. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stock-
ton st.
V'EAT YOUNG GIRL; HOUSEWORK AND
i.l cooking; American family of 3; nice country
place: $20. MURRAY & READY. 634 Clay st.
\\' ANTED— GERMAN OR SWEDISH GII'.L
" for housework in family of 2: no washing. Ap-
ply bet. 9 a. m. and 12 m. 2017 O'Karrell St., cor-
ner I)evlBadero.
\1 IDDLE - AGED WOMAN . FOR LIGHT
-Ii housework; 3in family. 801 Bush SU, corner
Mason, grocery-store.
/"^ IRL WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work. 2821 Buchanan st. ; call from 9to 12
P. M.
"yOUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE CHILDREN
x and assist with light housework. 1835 Bush.
A NTED— FIRS COOK FOR HOTEL.
' > W. box 18, Call Ofllce.
\JEAT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
1> and cooking. 1316 Ellis su
ANTED-GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
Vt work. 1611 Post st.
T ADIES TO LEARN HAIR DRESSING.
-Li manicuring and beauty-culture. 131 Post, r. 20,
ANTED— YOUNG WOMEN FORGENERAL
* » housework aud cooking. 2029% Ellis st.
\\r ANTED— GIRL DISHWASHER, AT AL-
»" pha dining-rooms, 200 Turk si.
IKL BETWEEN 16 AND 20: GOOD COOK:
small family; wages $15. 704 Washington.
AGENTS WANTED FOR "FEMINA," A WO
man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at bis Poly-
clinic Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia st. For women
and children free consultations from '2 to 4.
\\T ILL GIVE IN EXCHANGE FOR DRESS-
* making a sunny furnished room. 1214 Laguna.
SOBER PROTESTANT . WOMAN LIGHT
housework; 2 in family; plain cooking. 764
Howard su
yOUNO GERMAN GIRL ASSIST LIGHT
X housework; good home. 2120 Union st.
\\r ANTED— YOU O CURL TO DO GENERAL
» » honsework :wagess2o. House south side school-
house. Golden Gate. Alamoda County.
CioAT-FiNisuEßs wanted. 541 market
/ street.
1 ADY AGENTS: NEW INVENTION; CUT-
I-i ting dresses taught 1 hour; rights for sale, 605
Fell st.
A PPRKNTICKS-SPECI A L LESSONS EVERY
*£\ Tues. In dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT A
i>X Winchester House," 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 10 $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AIRDRESSINO. -j.V- AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; lOlrasows.fl 50. 1248 Mission.
.1 \KESs"SI.vKIN(;, CUTTING AND FITTING
\* taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
..'■ en. "McItOWKLL Academy. 213 Powell SU
* -MALE HELP WANTED.
I>AKBERS' PROTECT I VK~t-'NTox'
1-1 ment secretary. CONRAD TROKLU 657 Clay.
tV-ANTED-6 RANCH TEAMSTERS NEAR"
• » city, *26 and board, good place; farmer for
orchard, $20; 2 milkers, $20; thitter-maker. *25;
15 Scandinavians handy with ax to peel lanhark,
(26 and board, long job: blacksmith to run shop
un shares, no objection to man with family, good
chance; 3 men for hay field, $26 and board; 3
extra waiters for resort ; 2 exua barkeepers, $2 50
per day: dishwasher 2 days; cook, plain hotel near
city. $30; and others. W. D. EWER <fe CO., 626
■. lay si.
ANTED— BARBER TO RUN SHOP SHORT
"" distance in country; no capital required: good
chance. Apply to W. D. _WEK & CO., 626 Clay.
1 A MEN TO DIG IRRIGATION DITCHES FOR
XV a large company's ranch: steady job: $20
and found. MURRAY <fc READY, 634 and 636
Clay eU
"Aft SAWMILL AND WOODS LABORERS; 20
rJ\J tit-makers, 8c and 10c each. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
COO K . BJINING 1 1 c I . L, $40: 4 COOKS, $30
V^ to $60: 3 waiters. $ 6 to $35; pastry cook,
country hotel, *40: cook and wife; 3 dishwashers
$10 to $26. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 626
Clay st.
"_>( 1 V I N E V A RD, OKCH ARD AND FARM
r)\J hands, $20 and $26; farmerand milk 10 cows,
«20; milker. Nacii County, U2'-'; 10 haymakers,
$26; choreman for vineyard. MURRAY <£
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. '
<• MILKKRS, $26; BUTTER-MAKER, HOLANO
LI County; charcoal burner: haymaker, run der-
rick, $25. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
clay sU
OA LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, CITY, $26
— v/ and ionnd. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. . . •
WAITER FOR SPRINGS, $25: KITCHEN
'» hand for springs, 425; 2 neat restaurant wait-
ers, $40; second cook, country hole;, $35. C. R.
11ANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st
/• SWAMPERS foR WOODS. $26 AND BOARD;
vi 10 redwood-ttemakers, see party here: 6 farm-
ers for haying. C. K. HANSEN <t CO.. 110 Geary.
THIRST-CLASS SHAVER HAND, BAND
X sawyer and scroll - sawyer. M. HANSON <S
CO., King Pianlng-mllls, 231 King st.
•WANTED-MILKER, $25, FARE REFUND"
• » ed; milker, Napa County: handy man for
ranch, »15: 6-borse teamster, *30; chore boy for
ranch, $5: milker Bmall dairy. $:0: boy for confec-
tionery, $3 week and found: cooks, waiters mid
others. Apply to J. F. CROSKTT <£ CO.. 628
Sacramento su '
1 ;. Sawmill and woodsmen, $211 and
X •' found and incrcasw. hall fare advanced: 2
miners. Burleigh anil. $50 and board; 8 hay-
tnake», long job, $-0: ranc.i teamster and wife,
$35. It. T. WAKD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay su
ANTED-YOUNG MAN TO WAIT ON
»» table, short order house, $35; waiter who
speaks Spanish, $25: man to take care of horses
and milk cows, Entli-h, $30; dishwasher, $15-
-.-■•■ i.. A NDKi-., 316 Stockton st. » •> ».
C-(ULORi<Jjj BOY AS BUTLER; $20. MISS
VJ CULLEN, 323 Sutter St. • ■
SECOND COOK, $45: DISHWASHER, $30"
HOTEL GAZETTE, 4 20 Kearny st.
\V ANTED-BRIGHT OFFICE- BOY ; WAGES
> * $3 per week. B. W.. box 45, Call Office.
MAN AND WOMAN P>.ESSER. WANTED"
l»X 313 Guerrero st.
U,' AITER WANTED. 638 FOURTH ST.
BARBER WANTED-STKADY. 623 CLAY
St.: call at 8 o'clock. - tLA \
WoV^Valenfust.^" MONTH ~«oT5m:
YOUNG PHOTOGRAPHER, WITH MORRI-
X son wide-angle leDse and 5x7 box. used to view-
Office, "„■££'_"• l ° traveL Addr(iSB """>• 0-»
, OY WANTED, ABOUT 18, LIVING WITH
At parents. Adaress H. A., box 15. Call Office.
pOOD bookkeeper: to LOOK* OVER
\J nooks every other evening. 15 Stockton st
CHOP FOR SALE; ESTABLISHED 3 YE \P.S-
O sltunted an.onK factories and lodglDg-hou'cs-
can be had for $100: 3 living-rooms in rear; owner
Office " bUSIUeM »*■ his father. Apply Call
VI EN'S '/jrauLi.NU. 50c; LADIES, 40c: DONE
, I*l while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace HoteL
. HELP . WANTED— Continued.
\\T A N Tiil>^STETl^r >lA N^ to look after
" office, handle casti, etc. t duties easily learned:
experience not necessary; capital required, $175. ■
GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market St. • ■
\\r ANTED-STEADY MAN AS PARTNER IN
»" paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st. " ■ J
ARBERS-HiK EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso- 325 Grant are, a FUCHS.
L> 1 ASSOCIATION of cal. EMPLOY-
J> menu Sec"y. p. c. Hamann, 239%0'FarrelL
WASTED— BBBTAX7RANT AND restau-
'» rant furniture* spot cash paid. Columbia, 128
Four:h st.
\\T ANTED— GENTS FURNISHING GOODS
»' salesman: one with k-nowledce of clothing.
Apply 523 Market st., room 7, bet. 3 ana 6 p. _
WANTED — PARTNER IN. GOOD-PAYING
»» business: capital required, $250. Address D.,
box 109. Lall Office.
SHOE-SHOP FOR SALE: GOOD LOCATION;
cheap rent. Apply Call Office.
oolicitor wanted, golden gate DYE
0 Works, 342 McAllister st.
BAKBEK-SHOP- I 60; SPLENDID CHANCE:
i-> no rent: $150. STOLTZ, 630 Market sU
(VJEW WALDO house, 765 mission, BET.
Xl 3.1 and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to week. sl to $2 50; rea<llng-room strictest at-
tention to morning calls ;clean;qului: open ail night
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., THE OLD
X reliable attorneys. 1068 East Sixteenth st.,
Oakland, Cal.
BE PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission su, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
I?<LCHO HOUSK, 863% MARKET ST.—
-i Booms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $S week.
JUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
\\T ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
»» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 6 Inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cat
C~IALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
\J half-soleing 25c up. P59 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
dln's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
WINCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a nit; lit; reading-
room : free bus ann baggage to and from the ferry.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents. ■
\\r ANTED -MEN TO LEARN BARBER
»» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue senu B. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
W ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»* some simple thin-; to patent? Protect yonr
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDKRBURN A <^0., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and lis: of 200 inventions wanted. • •
/ 1 LER XS 1 AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J ac't3 adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 r, , -I. m. 353.
BIN CITY- E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, *1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ROOM sT5c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 50
x\ per week. -Oriental, 225 Dm mm si.
\\- ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
T? ersicierKs. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
\\rilAT CHEEK H0U5E.. 529 SACRAMENTO
'* su-. 200 rooms; best In the city*, single rooms
20 and 25c a night, Sl a wneJc: meals 10a
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
• 'to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
I IN: 'i.i. L HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I 1 sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 15c night.
1 / \f\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 16c
1 I\J and 20c a night, including coffee and roils,
624 Wnshlnitton bU, near Kearny.
\\TK ARE aHOk DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
' ■ your old shoes and make them as goo.l as Dew,
and with our new machines we can do your work
ft one-half the usual price; done while you waiu
562 Mission sU, between First and Second sts.
\ I EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
4*l all grocers keep IU
ME SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission. .
REE BEER-TWO SCHOONER* FOR 6«S
also a bottl sof lager. 6c, at 637 Clay su
7 PKY ACME HOUSK. <l»7 MARKET ST., 88-
-1 low fc'ixth. for a room: 250 a niithU: $1 a weok.
\\ r ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
" v<?ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally naners 38 Clai- iiu
AGENTS \VAM'EI>.
O'JA DAY FOR YOU: $18 CASH REQUIRED;
tIPO investigate, 6 to 7 p. m., 1625 Howard st.
1 4 ) CANVASSERS, $3 TO $7 A DAY. ROOM
X — 305. 9'i7 Market St.. 9 to 12 A. m.
FURNITURE .WANTED.
QECONDUAN D FU RN ITURE A NTE DTO
0 fill country orders: I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
ALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 601 CALIFORNIA,
) If you want highest cash price for jour furni-
ture, carpets, pisoos or merchandise of any kind.
MA LONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than clsewhera for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth >>v
"IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-"
X ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
I- FORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURtS
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
Sli A If. 321 SUITER. WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H" MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpen. piano. US' Market: trl. Jessie Vol.
WASTED- MISCELLANEOUS^
\UAI?T^D^^ECOND^H A N EnrEN"TT~AD^
>> dress A. 8.. Branch Call Office, 339 Hayes st
HIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 'M.
CELL your books, clothing and jew
> »-lrv to a. KLKIX. 109 Sixth »v: semi postaL
.HOUSES.
H"^ORSE^AND~B ELTV e!Ty~\vTg^nT^wTtH
harness, cheap: only $50; also 1 dozen fancy
chickens. Apply 2425 Gongh St., near Broadway
Auction SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES.
wagons, harness, etc.. at Derby stables, 645
Geary.cor. Leavenworth.ev-ry Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.: 8. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
NICE BLACK SADDLE HORSsFOR SALE.
XI Gilmoreßros.'Btable, Twelfth and Mission sts.
L"OR s A 1 . 1 ■:_ M) 1 .A D OF GOOD YOUNG
X 1 workhorses. 428 Valencia si. J. D. FOR-
RESTER, Salesman.
AflO SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: biigsy.wacon, carts, surrey
it rockuwav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
I(I HORSES FOU SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
"v buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth su; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORDES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRC 6-
lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial su
I C/\ bETS NEW A.\L' SECOND-HAND HAH-
-1 O\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses anJ
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission su
K. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY BUR-
Keon for S. F. Police Depar'.menu Office and
hospital. 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
IjlOR RENT— FIRST-CLASS~CAmFwaGON:
suitable for 4 persons: with baggage, etc.;
with or without stove and tent. L, F. SALBACH,
310 Ka>t Channel st., Stockton.
C 'lAN DING-TOP EOC'iOß's PHAETON; GOOD
Oas new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market.
GOOD WAGON, HORSE AND HAR.M..-S
VX cheap; suitable for peddling. 1418 Alabama st.
QLIOHTLY SOILED DRIV'NG GLOVES;
0 samples. H. M. El NEMAN, 109 Sansome sU
IV'EW AND SECONDHAND BAKERS', LA UN-
Xi dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine lui^.-li-s. H2H Harrison st.
DENTISTS.
IjURST-CLASS DKNTISTiTy: FIRST-CLASS
x prices; first-class results: > painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. !lAit-
-I>INO, CM., M.D.; 500 Sutter su, corner Powell.
Di : ■ 1-T. i RAN 7— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary su, cor. Grant ava.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; srtifirlal teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1 : extracting 50c, with gas $1.
HONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. lIARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, ran. 1.
fl»7 A SET FOR TKSTH: WARRANTED AS
•u> < good as can be made: tilling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market-st., next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDL-UM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are mode: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
1/"U.LL e_i' OF TiSETIJ. $7; WARRANTED
X live years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
(i. Yor.Vi;, 1841 Polk st.
I \R. GEORGE W. LEBK. THIS GENUINE
XI Leek dentist, discoverer of nainiess extraction
«n<l patentee "of Improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to '.-0 O'Farrell sl
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60c; CROWN
■L bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vcari*
experience. .. R. L. WALsH. D- U.S.. 815"4 Geary.
I R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIUUE-
xy. work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
1 -tOVfON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. MAR*
'-' ket DR. CHARLES W. DKCKKR.
DR. J. j. I.EEK, 1i.06 MARKET. cor. goldkn
Gate ave,_ Open evening's; Sundays' til! noon.'
LL' WORK REASONABLE AND ..'WAS*
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market su .
' PERSONALS. ■•'. ;■ ___
! alnD~Te^VeTr"y AIRING:
I " low prices and first-class work guaranteed.
1 Give a trial to J . N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary St., nr.
Kearny.
Y~WIFE, ELIZABETH GARDINER, hay-
Ing left my bed and board, I shall no longer
be responsible for any debts contracted by her
after this date, May 29, 1896. RALPH GAR-
DINER. . .....
HAIR DRESSED, WAVED, 25c; SHAMPOO,
25c; manicure, 25c, BUTLER'S. 131 Post st ,
room 2 J, elevator.
CONSUMPTION . TREATED -BY A NEW
\J method. DR. AMERICAN, 36%'Geary St.;
hours '.2 to 2:30.
I pANCER-CUKING ! SURE CURE! NO CURE,
\J no pay. Address MRS. L. C. WHITNEY, 1218
. Cypress st., bet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth, Oak-
{ land. Cal. . . .-■■.... .
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
j XV clßlty. private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc at-
tended to. U.W. HOWE.Ktty-at-)a\v. 850 Market si
•jVTOTicE to ranchmen— l new/mark-
| JLi ham Eureka mower for sale cheap for cash.
jH. c An, A I, HAN, 737 Fo m St.
I^IUsT-Cl.ass TAILOR-MADE BUTTON-
X boles 2 cents each. 589 As ; i aye.
GEO. WrpHELPS, ATTORN EY-AT-LAW, 215
1 VI Sansome st., room 4.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weeKs: competent gradu-
| ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
j ralor ing Company,lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Sth.
I AM NOT SECOND CLASS. AS MY PRICEf
X (25c) for hair-dressing I might lead some people
to believe; I employ nine of the best artists in the
city: don't mistake the place. 11l Stockton st., G.
LEDERER. -
\7"APOR AND ELECTRIC BATHS FOR
t Rheumatism, Sciatica, Constipation, Obesity.
G1 EO. W. PHELPB, _TTORNBY-AT-LAW, 215
r Sansome su, room 4.
rpHE ECONOMY" millinery, red front,
X 40, 46 Sixth st; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c.; nats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c
IBEB.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, J£W-
elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market su
SPECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER & CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed ; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
BUSKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer company, 43 Sutter §t. ; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us.
1(lAA CARDS, $150: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
X ' i\JVJ tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary su, r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash : cures scalp diseases: take no other.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKKMS YOU
J\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
i 200 rooms, '25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
bTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' II. IR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular, prices.
OARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton, K.L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pino st
"I\R. i) icKhri, i7oT~p7)st ST., NEAR BU-
-*J cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, reir.C7ed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton ; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
OIG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW kve-
x> ry night cor. Market and Sixth st*. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market sU
I LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
\J clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
! pLOAKS, CAPES AN!/ SUITS RETAILED AT
.' mfrs' co»t. Facto*--- .1) Shii-ott)'* *•.. nnntalr*.
DRESSaiAKEKS*
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 505^ Natoma st., above Sixth.
11 A TAYLOR— ELEGANT STYLISH SUITS,
'In' $5 up: dresses made over. •-•* ■■■■*:+..
_________ .
CLAIRVOXANTS.
'"'"''"''a"'"" ' r "'l_l2X
60 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER." .
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants, '
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN J)K VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. AH
•re satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest ,to humanity. Bust-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,'
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and ■ burled treasures, find lost
or stolen property, . Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influences In half the
lime required by the best of (he other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
I nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
I stay. Hours 10 a. M. to Bp. m. Sundays 2 to 6F.
Letters containing stamps answered. -
PROFS. EUGENE A VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market st.
■■ ' w
DO NOT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. M. I*
Carnelle. the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium; he gives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go End wnat to do to bo successful,
reunites t'<e separated and causes a speeds mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy St.; hours 9to 9.
SYRA, THE WORLD'S RENOWNED INDE-
pendent slate-writing medium: known through-
out Europe and America as the mystic wonder;
If deceived by fakirs come to Syra; have you
trouble? do you need advice? Syra tells jus; what
you want to know: mediums developed; hours,
10 a. m. to sp. m. 1008% Market st., parlors 1
and 2.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT FOR
25 years Kearny, now 929 Post su; fee $1:
letter $2.
PROF. C. LEON. 1007 MARKET ST.. NEAR
-I Sixth: wonderful power; advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; tells of
friends and enemies; 9 to 8, also Sunday.
'_>! C ELLIS ST.— PROF. AND II ME. HALE,
OLO occult scientist, palmistry aud clairvoyants;
names given; 9 to 9: also Sunday.
G" VPSY LIrE-READER; LADIES, 25c;
gents, 50c: readings dally except Sun. 6 7th.
ME. LEGETTE; PRESENT. PAST AND FV~-
ture. 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIHVOY-
ant, card-reader, born with a dou Die veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
1 lairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 'lurk St., nr. Jones.
MME MOKE a uTbEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
lX past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MET EX«'DIUS, CLAIRVOYANT, X?
moved to 1003 Mission su, near corner Sixth.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLB FROM CRADLES TO
the grave; fee *j5 cents. 914 O'Farrell ft. •
MX. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows yon the plctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
\\ ME. STEWART: GREATEST CARD READ-
i'-l erand clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
UETUBNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past.,
nn-gent and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
T~ 110 HAYKS" ST.— LADIES' AID SOCIAL
to-nlcbt; good programme; admission 10c.
MRS. GRIFFIN OF SAN JOSE WILi. HOLD
circle to-night: tests to all. 120 McAllister st.
AIRS. DR. MIRANDAS, MEDIUM, PHYSI-
iVJL cian, guarantees satisfaction; love, business;
removes evil influences: her Revealed Medicines
cure all diseases; sit. $1; 10 to 8 p.m. 1206 Market.
R^rKATEHOSKINS. TRANCE AND BUSI-
-' ness medium: sittings daily: $1; circles Tues-
day evening, 25 cents. 136 oak st. ' ■ '
DDIE SWAIN; ASTRAL-SEER; LADIES
only no fee only as a gift. 1055 Market su
iiS J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance m cd In m: slttlnes $1. '.M 8 Stockton it.
ASTROLOGY.
rTmeXeTaNSWERS "ALL E"sTION r S~BY'
planets from date of birsii, dally, or by mall,
$2. 36% Geary st. .-■■■■
LOST.
I " OST— M AY 27, 1 896, A RED COW WITH,
-i rope on neck. Please return to J. FEEDERLY,
418 Vermont st.. bet. Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
sixth; liberal reward. ' »
AY 24; ENVELOPE, CONTAINING $5, AD-
dressed to Mrs. Tell, 110 Tenth su or 112
Tenth aU Reward if returned 508% Natoma st.
<5»"1 A REWARD — PLAIN ' GOLD-PLATED
<tiP-l-U child's watch (Cenntenial movement), val-
ued as a gift of deceased grandfather. Full value
of watch as reward for return to this office, :
OST— A parrot from 1120 ELLIS st. $5
reward for Its return. . ...
OST— SUNDAY, BET. CASTRO AND BART-
. I lett, seventeenth and Twenty-third sts., $20
currency in envelope.' Reward paid by leaving
same at 405 Castro st. ' ■
f~UST— IRISH SETTER DOG. RETURN TO
xj 1703 Howard st.: reward.
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of LUIGI ARCURI. No. 146670. The
finder will please return to bank. ■' '
! .-.^;,^-L,^'r^-,_-- ■- - FOI'M). -.■".'■:'..'-■■-
TttlsiTsETTßiß BlTcii." cTu'NKß CAN HAVE
X s.tme by paving cliarge<. 1838% Howard SU
: __ : . TYPEWKITERg. . T :
"VrosT. $30: CALIGRAPH, $25: SEND FOR
J. 8 ample work. SCOTT _ BAN NAN, 333 Monty
BUSI>'ESSr CHANC3SS; ■_■ '_ : ]
S'WC' FINE BUTCHER SHOP WITH
« » I *-»• three horses and one wagon and all the
tools: fine location ' in an interior town; gooa
trade; investigate this tin* country place and you ,
will buy it. S. LUBELSKI. City Hall aye. I
L-OE-nfi GROCERY AND BAR; ELEGANT
•\rAO\i\J. corner stand; doing fine; rare chance I
for flap grocery investment: see this place at once:
the fullest Investigation; located north of Market
st. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. '
QQ(IA. FiNE SALOON DOING FROM $15.T0 j
tTpC-Ul/. $20 a- day business; best location In th •
city; on principal street; this is a snap. T. LU-
Br.LSKI, 7 City Hall avi-. .
vi*l Q(\f\ -GROCERY AND BAR: DOING
»4pxOUv/. tine business; corner stand: cheap
rent: big stock: rare bargain: come see this splen-
did buy: also horse and wagon. - T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye. /
ftCin ELEGA NT STATIONERY AND CO N-
*P*JtJ\J. fectionery, with soda fountain: finest !
locality; cheap rent und 4 fine living-rooms: see '
ibis fine pace at once: paying well. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
m. 1 AAA GROCERY: SEX it immf.di-
1 \nt\'. ately. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye
rpo SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
x lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
ELIG ANT GROCERY WITH 2 TEAMS:
well-estnblisbecl business; fine location: in- :
vestigate this rare chance, this fine place. T. H'-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. I
(Jt:n CORNER GROCERY BAR: WEST- \
<jr\)O\J, crn Addition: well established: rent !
for building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: eood place '
for man ana wife. STENBERG CO., 639 Market. !
& vifi, » ELEGANTLY FITTF.D UP SALOON !
*JpOv/". with private rooms; north of Market ;
street: fine cash register; big: bargain. STEN- I
BERG, 632 Market st. -
JPQAfi SALOON IN BUSY PART OF TO vVN;
tfOuU. cheap rent; don't miss this bargain.
STENBERO <fc CO., 632 Market sr.
Q»-\ Xiifi CORNER RESTAURANT, NEAR j
rlpxtH'v/. transfer point. Western Addition:
handsome private rooms: owner 3 years; no better
offer in market; rare bargain. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st.
o>Ol \f\f\ PARTNER WANTED IN WELL-
•4POUWU. established steam laundry in first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
ing-houses and restaurants; valuable outside
routes: horses and wagons; business bare, to In-
crease if nroperly attended; books open for Inspec-
tion; full investigation. STENBERG CO., 632
.Market st.
CjOAfi CORNER SALOON; NICELY FIT-
«IP«JV/v7. ted.up: good location; wholesale dis-
trict; offered at a sacrifice: owner has two places.
STENBKRG CO., 632 Market st-
ffl»"l ('.fifl $850 CASH, COFFEE SALOON
eJpXUV/V^. and restaurant; one of the finest loca-
tions in the city, near Market st. : elegant fixtures,
well established, trade runs from $50 to $60 ;ter
<" v: best of reasons for selling. GEo. STEWART,
BOS Market st. ■
t;9',|| LEGITIMATE MANUFACTURING
tip— 't-»v/. biyslness; partner wanted; manu-
facturing standard goods in general use every
where and in great demand; trade increasing;
money to be invested to enlarge plant; carries full
stock; is absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
in; will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART. 60.' Market su
•ft I f\(\l\ * SOU CASH: "BAI.ANCK~TO BE
-I \J\J\J. paid out of the business; livery,
boarding and sale stable: line location near Market
St.; has 15 horses, 20 boarders; full equipment of '
carriages, hacks, buggies, etc.; clears $250 per
month: this is cheap At 32000: great oo bargain
ever offered, see GEO. STEWART, 602 Market.
<S_inA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR, ;
•3?T:Uv.'northof Market, soiling on account of 1
death In family. M. LESS & CO., 783% Market
QOXA RESTAURANT LOCATED TWO I
tjpOUv. blocks from Crocker building: excel- !
lent business; receipts over $30 daily; old estab-
lished; rent only $35. M. LESS & Co., 783% I
Market st. .. |
$; O \f\ BRANCH IlAKhltY, SiAT!u.\tnY
— i)\J. and cigar store; rent only $10; good
business. M. LESS <fc CO., 7^3% Market.
f'JXA BRANCH BAKERY ON A BUSY
<t£)OO\J. street; central: good stock; nice fix-
tures; living-rooms: choice place. _ LESS &
CO.. 783% Market st. ■ .-
ffif ft CORNER SALOON OPP. GOODALL
»©D«JU. & PARKINS' steamboat landing; rare
chance. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
<2{'_)Xfi BUTCHER -SHOP; OLD ESTAB-
«iP t)UU. lished: 2 horses, wagon, cart: low rent; 1
a great bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st,
<2j?,P.n CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
tJIJOUv/. very central; 2 livinif-rooms: owner had
place 9 years. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
4>OAfi OLD - ESTABLISHED BAKEBY—
*£)O\J\Jm Good stnre trade and wagon route; bak-
Ing 2 bbls. daily. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
Q/-»^A FINE PAYING RESTAURANT ON
r^UOKJ. Kearny sU; low rent; receipts $25 to j
$30 daily; a sure > bargain. JOHNSTON, 26% I
Kearny st. I
Cj |Kf| COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE !
•4P lUU. worth $750; established 5 years: clears |
$100 per month: good reason for selling; trial I
given. BA RRETT & sKIFF, 931 Market st.
l&7Kfl WILL BUY CIGAR, stationery I
<p I *J\.i and notion business; clearlns; over $100
month; building included; ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF. 921 Market.
9flA f&CIT AND VEGETABLE STORK;
©**""• horse, wagon; rooms; daily receipts
$10; rent $12; snap. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market su
OXfl BEST CORNER* CIGAR-STAND IN
C — »JVJ. city. B . RKKT r & SKIFF, 921 Market
flfcl £fin BEST CORNER BAR IN WHOLE-
»IpJLOv/*.'. sale district; making place;
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKK <fc WOLF, 631 Cal'a.
5>_AA GOOD BUSINESS; WOOD AND COAL
»45 jtUV/. yard; 2 horses, 2 wagons: rent only
$12; reason for selling death in family. See
HEALY <&. CO., 23 Kearny st.
QjOrjA SALOON AND CARD ROOM; • GOOD
<!?•—'-'"-'• business: clearine $3 to $5 daily: look
this up. KENNY A CO., 765 Market st
Ci AXA PARTNER WANTED IN ELEGANT-
Kj)^iO\Jm ly furnished saloon: good day and Im-
mense night trade; 1 block from Examiner office. I
WILKE & WOLF, 581 California st.
ffl*9XA PROVISION AND DELICACY
<p_«JW. store; rent $14; furnished living-
rooms: must be sold in 3 days. LYNCH &
SKKRY, 935 Market st.
ORKER GROCERY AND BAR; CENTRAL;
\J make offer: going to Europe June 1; bargain.
LYNCH & SERRY, 935 Market st.
BEST BARGAIN ON EARTH, HALF IN-
terest in restaurant doing $50 to $60 per day;
old established: profits, $10 to $15 per day; full
Investigation before buying; will take good secur- j
ity or trade; a snap: cheap. COLUMBIA, 128 j
Fourth sUj ' ■■■■-■
WANTED— RESTAURANTS AND RESTAU- !
>' ran; furniture; also lodging-houses; we have
plenty of money to speculate on bargains. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
TF YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO BUY, SELL,
1 trad-- or exchange, see us at once; will sell your
business in 3davs or treat; we have snaps for
buyers. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
"Q. 1 KftCi 'WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
(ipIUUU. wine and liquor store; established for
years; large store and outside trade: lease; low
rent: living rooms. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st. -
p ROCERY-STORE WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VJ stock, doing largi' family trade. This Is a fine
opportunity to net good paying business. Particu-
lars of J. B. MIH AN, 509 Kearny st.
©wAA CORNER BAR. WESTERN ADDI-
<IptJI/V/. tion: club and living-rooms lease;
money-making place. WILKE. 531 California,
iJJjIOX RESTAURANT: DOING GoOD BUSI-
UP L—tJ, ness: fine place for man and wife: av-
erage receipts $15 per day. MEEKI <& CO., 865%
Market st. . . .
©70 BARBER-SHOP ON MARKETST.; 2
tip I V. chairs: rent $15: great Dar?aln If sold to-
day. Apply DECKER. 1020 Market st.
CQfinn cornkr-Sar; averagedaily
<pOI7UU. receipts $35: choicest location : lease.
WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
SiOlfk BUTCHER-SHOP, FIXTURES, 2
'3'r'' V** horses, wagon, cart; a whole outfit; old-
estsblißhod, ROOd trade. For particulars see
1.1 11 Us BROS., 144 First st.
pOM PLETE STOCK OF POULTRY RANCH
\J cheap; 40J thoroughbred fowls; close to local
l raln J East Oakland; low rent. E. HILL. Dono-
hoe building.
•2;9^M PARTNER WANTED TO-DAY [IN
tjn^cJ". Al saloon and lunch-house, or would
sell whole interest: sickness the cause of selling:
110 agent; receipts $12 10 $14. a day. Address E.,
box 17. this office. ' ' 7- -vi
}pOR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE,
X the finest restaurant and oyster-house in the
city; best location. Apply 112 Ellis. Tivoli Oyster
O P - WrrH -" ROOMS: A BARGAIN:
O $275. Apply 735 Mission st . ■
L OK SALE CHKAP-BAKERY AND COFFEE
-i saloon, with living-rooms: rent low. 306 Fourth.
poOD EVENING ROUTE. APPLY 1118
v-» Green s*.., before 9 a. m. or after 2 p. it
PARTNER WITH *%00 OR MORE: YOUNG
■ .^L Preferred. Address Business, box 108.
tall Office. , • .- ; .*.....•
$ 1 '^fS FURNISHED HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS;
437 Minna « US ld: B °' away; cheap rent.
A RGAIN-$125; - OLD-ESTABLISHED Cl-
i-» gar. candy and notion store; large garden and
summer-house; opposite University gate, Berke-
ley; junction Telegrapa-ave. electric road; car*
stop in front of store. Apply on promises.
("INCIDENTAL HOTEL DINING-ROOM TO
..., rent on very eaav terms; all ready to open.
Klmlra, May 27, 1836. . -
9r\A SHOESTORE AND REPAIRING
— U\J. shop: cause sickness. 106 Ninth st.
BUTciiER-bHop, ii6r"se7harness, cart,
tools: cheap. Twentieth and Shotwell sts
rr-AILuR-SHOP FOR SALE; 1910 POLK. AP-
x ply at 207 Grant at«, .
KTTTSTORK FOR SALE; COR.'GROVE AND
* Lyon sts.; .fine loc.tion: good outside trade;
fine horse and wagon.
CjO^irj BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
tjp_«Jv.;notlon store: 2 living-rooms; good
trade. Apply 1802 Howard st.
Ct9A.A. Al DAIRY PRODUCE STORE; FINE
<t&£d\J\t . location; good ->aying: must be sold m 3
days; at a sacrifice, lnqu re Call Office.
BUSINESS CHANCES—
ESTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOB
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality. and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3281 Mission. [■
4-j il\ CASH: BALANCE OF $900 ON EASY
tTUUU terms; house of 7 rooms; lot 150x206;
suitable for chicken-ranch; barns, s:ab!c.s, cnicken-
houses, artesian well, flower-garden: lot all fenced
in. Apply J. M. MCCARTNEY, 22% Geary st.,
or Saratoga aye. and Sun Leandro road.
ANTED BY YOUNG MAN— 1O" INVEST
■ • small amount of capital and services in some
legitimate business; no canvassing: no azents.
Address, full particulars, Invest, box 105, Cull
> fli.e. ■■,-:■■■
FINE BUSINESS CHANCE FOR A MAN
who can invest $8000; big profits. Address D.
EC, box 137, this office.
ranch Bakery AND varieties;
«ooi business; corner; 6 livi-ig rooms; large
sunny yard. Apply 4i9 Guerrero st.
ALOON;;LONG LEASS AND LOW RENT.
Apply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific
TOOK SALE-LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
X grinding shop, well tooled up. 1003 Mission st.
OR SALE CHEAP— RESTAURANT AND
X I coitee-house: party going to country; no agents.
Call or address S. -H. MeN * LLY. 17 Thir ■■f i st
Ij-AA CHICKEN RANCH .->; I ... LL .MA:
. )\n i. good investment. Inquire Coamopoliaa
Hotel, Petal lima.
/GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
vjr lady of means, $35 capital. 12 Mason st., rm. 2
KEAT OPPORTUNITY— SSOOO WILL PUit-
"JT chase retiring manager's interest, worth
$10,000, and secure permanent position on salary
in one of the greatest dividend-paying businesses
of the century: not a mine; serious illness com-
pels sacriflce; none but competent men with cash
considered. Address Cbronos. box 67, Call Office.
ALF INTEREST IN WHOLESALE AND
retail liquor business; amount required
$2500 to $3000: also leasehold, goodwill, fixtures
and furniture of a hotel doing good business;
amount required $1200. For particulars address
I. L. L., Santa Rosa.
isTABLIsHED MANUFACTURING BUSI-
J-i ness recently Incorporated offers active inter-
est stock for sale; fine opportunity to extend
trade: fullest Investigation; references given and
required; principals only. Address lock box 194.
Kan Jose, Cal.
Q7flfl VOR SALE — STEAM LAUNDRY,
(tjp I \J\J. doing good cash business; good reason
for selling. For particulars address San Luis
Steam Laundry, San Luis Oblspo, Cal. ♦
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
©I A BLACKSMITH, HORSESHOEING
tIP lUiJvJ. business; clears $125 month; corner;
shop- tools; stock: party going East. Owner, box
5, Call Office. Oakland.
OR SALE— PALACE SHOE STORE ■IN
flourishing county seat town: established 15
years. For particulars address Box 446, Ukian.
1 fin BUTCHER-SHOP: FIXTURES:
tip Ivu. rent $18. 1806 Howard st.
IP OR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
£ and cleaning; good reasons for selling. Address
by letter C. BONN 218 Fourth st.. Santa
Bosa.
rflO LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
1 County. Occidental Hotel and bar: rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st. .
OR RENT, UNFURNISHED— THE "GRAN-
Ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame ho. el,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in '-rood repair and fine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business; extra inducement.!
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Ftilmm, CaL
ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
«» with us; will sell it In 3 rtayj* or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 123
Fourth st.
LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEA.V,
and it: good order; always plenty on hand. J. a,
322 Pacific st., basement.
LODUING-UOCSES FOB SAL.E.
fFYO?WANTTu"BU Y^O^SELL^A~LODoT
X ing-house, See T. LUBELSKI, 7Clty Hall avi>,
ffiji O^. 9 . ROOMS; FURNISHED WKLL:
•P -' -J l '. cheap rent: come quick for snap. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. |
<C/in/Y on MARKET STREET, VICINITY
tP'IxJXJ. Baldwin; 22 room*; $200 cash, balance
$20 monthly: always filled: choice business loca-
tion; yields $100 monthly. M. LESS _ CO., 783%
Market st.
©7 A A LODGING-HOUSE: 36 WELL-FUR-
«IP I \J\J. nished rooms; rent $75: long lease:
tine location: north of and near .Market St.; house
filled; paring $150 clear per month; rare bargain.
KENNY <& CO., 765 Market St. ■
djfOfifiTl 50 ROOMS, ALL FURNISHED;
t&Zi\J\J\J. doing good business: situated 011 Mis-
sion st. HICKOK & CO., 873% Market su
<2« 1 C AA 80-BOOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
1 O\J\J. Iron Works; low rent: selling no,
count of death. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market,"
1 C ROOMS; FINE CORNER $190
-I i/10-room house, worth $1000; price 40J
40 rooms: fine for transient 700
20 rooms on Fourth 0n1y..... _J 60il
16 rooms on Taylor st:..: ." 753
45 rooms on Market 5t.... 250'J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opposite Fif th.
1 O-KOOM HOUSE ON SIXTH ST.; PRICK
J-O $550; payments. DECKER, 1020 Market.
OJ-RQOM CORNER HOUSE, $1000: WORTH
$2500: must be sold. DECKER. 1020 Market.
T?ARGO HOUSE, 105 NEW MONTGOMERY
X st. ; 84 rooms furnished ;on easy terms.
OQ WELL-FURNISHED KOOMS, WITH
— 'O gan; low rent; bargain. Grocery, 40 Sixth st.
IURMTIKE FOX SALE. ~
AT L. J. NEUMAN^VsT~Tr7~sTx7HT~FOR'
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new: cash or time: open evenings.
'IRE SALE .' ~~ '■ ~~~ '
Prices stand till goods an completely dl*.
posed of.
Oak bed 5et5.......,,,,..,.,,, ..,,„.,., mm 5?
Bed lounges 8 03
Stoves ...._ 750
Carpets, per yard „_ 55
Linoleum, per yard .„ 55
Matting, per yard m
Till our new building la erected these* prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner seventh and Mission sta. I
NOON AN. >
A.l\l\ CAItPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $TT r
*JtUV/ stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: foldlng-bedi.
$10; bed-'ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW — JfJi
tt iSedlounses trimmed with plush ft 53
Brussels Carpet, laid ...*l.^isouß
English Linoleum, laid ...". 40oun
Window shades In Scolors.-. " 280 un
BHIRRK & SHIREK. 747 'Market ' iu," oppojlt*
Grant avenue: no branch stores. . - - ,
CAKPET CLEANING. "
T^RKATEASTE ItN STEA M C.\RPET~CIJEANr
VT ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth sU B. Grant.
JONES CO UAKPJST. - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main oilico 35 and 27 Bth.
AI'.PETt? CLEANED, 3C A YARD; LAID 30."
/ Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WIT«
» i poor worK send to SPAULDING's Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 853-57 Tehama sU: tel. So. 40.
CtONKLIN'S CARPET SEATING WORKS. 3si
I Golden Gate aye. telephone east 126.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING,
\J ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
RE AT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJ ing works; latest improved machinery; So yard.
O. GEOUOE.omcc 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 25X.
CARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
) like new. FERGUSON A CO. 23 Tenth- teL.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH <fc CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN CO., 24«
. 14th su: cleaning So a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: teL south 223.
FOB SALE-MIS US.
FOR SALE — BARGAIST IN OFFICE FlX-
res— counter, table, railings, chairs, platforro-
scale. li&ndtruck, typewriter, stove, etc. Address
105 Sacramento st.
iMNEMIL'. H LOW; CHEAP. APPLYSOUTH
side of Point Loboa and Thirty-third ayes.
VTEW $105 BICYCLE FOR $60: NEVER
XI ridden. Call at. 101 Van Ness aye.
If OR SALE — CABINET-MAKER'S OUTFIT*
bench; tools of every kind; a fine outfit; will
be sold cheap; also complete hunting outfit. 1400
Van Ness aye.
V 1 ■:">■»" I TMIAND " 95" BICYCLES. $25 TO
X> $65. Hamnton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
<jl» j Q WALL TENT,. 10 OZ. DUCK, 14x16, 6
«35 10. foet wall; cost $40; perfect order. Apply
1402 Valencia
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121% Market, bet. 7th <fc Bth.
QIX-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
0 engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay sU ; ■■■.."
EGHORNS, WHITE, BROWN AND BUFF*
$1 each; fine layers. Address CUMBERs!
1183 Broadway, Alameda. . ""»
■\7-bUNuH3Pffz~DOGS FOR. SALE ioa
1 Hayes st. ■ : ■■ . ' °
THIRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHIvtiT
X 1 ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal-
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C a *
box 100, tnis office, w V" A -'
Nli-HAM) GAS OR GASOLINE K~
5r 8^n? : V T U b^ 2 !ob, g C Dteed *«*« °^< »
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES*
J> write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
BOIL:-:RS,ENG^ES,21>HAND>rACH"rv"ER
waterptpea. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137Beale!
BABY CARRIAGES AND KATI'AX FUR"VI."
ture bought at the factcirv saves retailer's Dm!
fit. California Rattan Co., 6J First stj "r. Liailo^
.. UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBERS-SASHES'
I > doors, mantels, etc for sale.' 1166 Mission. '
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE"~SIZa'
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market «.
LMKE AND .BURGLAR SaT»:. l.r I. , .i?
X press, platform scales and desk : cheap. 10J Clay.
AJEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECON_C
Vi hand. W. S. KAY MfgCo.^, 12 CallfornUsr.' ■
(\ iL U ntE H «. shelving~shov7cask3
V oocmnt and sold 1121% Market 7t£HOUSES TO LET. .
ffl«1 Q 311 NrroUT FOURThH
L iP»" JO .I US aud bath - ASHTON & GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st. -
1 O^R HOWARD, BET. SIXTH AM) BEV-
a P i-io e to t i~ ' house 10 rooms : «nts 23.
99A9 LKAVENWORTH-HOUSE 10
**— v/ r rooms; beautifully . situated; lar^e
grounds: rent very moderate. : .
.7 I 1 SUTTER, NeTb: TAYLOR - VERY
1 xx choice: elegant; spacious; reasonable.
A PPRKCIATED IF aKEN-30 MORRIS AYE.,
xx. off Harrison at., near Sixth: sunny house of 5
rooms; good order; $13; water free: yard; cellar. I
A PPRECIATED IF s'KEN-829Va SUTTER,
-£*■ near Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker. |
f>99 SIXTH ST — HOUSE 9 ROOMS, BATH;
soiT if, flat ; sultable for lor 2 families; rent rea-
sonable.
HOUSE 6 RQOMS: BATH; HOT AND COLD
water; $16. 1417 Ellis St., near Webster. •
QlO- LOWERFLATOF3ROOMSAT2SO7V<i
X \.t . Mission st.
TT O L' SK. 7 ROOMS; BATH: MODERN IM-
XX provements; garden. 730 Capp st. >
*5; J. SUNNY. RESIDENCE: SOUTHEAST
y TU - cor. Taylor and Broadway: 10 rooms and
bath; tine view. Apply 929 Broad wfey.
HOU>E-4 LARGK ROOMS; \'XrD; RENT
$10. Apply 1526% Leaven worth st., bet.
Jackson ana Pacific.
4-1 ft HYDE— HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
~:xu bath. Inquire at 418.
WE RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
*» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery sU
COTTAGES TO LET.
©Q » SUNnT^^O^ST^'c^tTa^eT^YAKD;
<pt/» water free. Jersey and Sanchez sts.
GIOTTAGE; $11; 4 ROOMS AND BASE-
/ menu 422y^ Rmgold, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
OTTAGK; 4" LARGE ROOMS; LARGE
yard. Key 26th and Florida or 418 Stevenson.
COTTAGE: 2714 BRYANT ST.: 5 ROOMS,
bath, laundry; large stable.
• pOTTAGE, 3 ROOMS; NEWLY PAPERED
VJ' and painted; large basement and yard; $10.
, 2631 Harrison st., bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-
third.
Ql r\t\i\ 2050 JONES, BET. UNION AND
tIDX. UUy. Filbert; neat cottage: 4 rooms and
bath. Apply to S. C CAPP <fc CO.. House Brokers
and Real Estate Agents, 413 Montgomery st.
ffljQ COTTAGE; FLAT $12; BOTH LARGE
O'-'« separate yards; cheap. 1123 Vallejo st.
/■•OTTAGE: NEARLY NEW; 5 ROOMS AND
\J bath: latest improvements; line stable and
barn. 823 Hampshire st. "
11 A JONES— COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS; AR-
J X"x ranged for 1 or 2 families. I
ft 7 P.A COTTAGE OF 3 BOOMS; GOOD OR- j
*g> * .civ. der; water free. Apply premises 945
Bryant St., near Eighth, or room 79, 628 Mont-
gomery. ■ - g.*.,'.- ■:,
FURNISHED FLATS.
'OKTo^SAI!ILTORinA^NE^VLTFuIIN?^^
Oul- ;iat; 7 rooms and bath; modern; large j
yard; reasonable.
SU N YIHANDriOMELYFUttNICSUKD FLOOR,
4 rooms, bath, etc. ; suitable for family: new
carpets atid furniture; very reasonable. 913 PolE
St., near Oeary.
IpURNISHED HOUSE TO RENT.
■ 2339 Pacific aye., NE. corner Fillmore; loca-
tion among the choicest. O. F. YON RHEIN
<fc CO.. 513 California st.
IjUNE CORNER; 6 SUNNY ROOMS; CHEAP;
afternoons. 800 a Webster st.
FLATS TO LET.
«5J Q 4 ROOilsT : r YARDr~ETc!
«iPO. $10— 6 rooms; separate yard, etc.
$12—5 rooms, bath, etc
$13—5 rooms, bath and trays.
142 Coliiugwood st., near Nineteenth.
|1Q 513 FULTON ST.; 6 ROOMS AND
«DiO. bath. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery Bt.
3 FLATS— ROOMS AND 3 ROOMS; COR.
Parker aye. and St. Roses st. : rent $12 and $8; j
stable room for 6 horses. Key at dry-goods store j
cor. Parser aye. and Point Lobos road.
f'"l " NEW MODERN SUNNY 6-ROOM UP-
JP 1 «-'• per flat. 2974 Twenty-third St., near
llarr ■ >v.
T OTV R FLAT— TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
XJ 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard: sun all day; rent $14; water ir.se.
Tower bay-window flat: 5 LARGE
Xj sunny rooms. 30 Moss St., bet. Sixth and
Seventh, off Howard.
VEAT~r'rPKR FLAT — 6 BOOMS; BATH;
-»■' rent reduced. 327 Chestnut st., near Powell.
%£. 1 1 1 TO $12— UPPER AND LOWER FLATS, 3
Ci" and 4 rooms each. 1008 Natoma, nr. 11th.
Q9j| 1425 SACRAMENTO ST NR. HYDE—
«_• — " ■'. Fiat 5 sunny rooms and bath.
lAI Q HAVES — FLAT, (i ROOMS AND
X*±XO bath: reasonable.
Ql "I 8 ROOMS, BATH, RANGE; LARGE
O-LJL* sunny porch; water free. Jersey and
i-unchez sts.
*2* 1 *> 5 ROOMS IN GOOD ORDER; YARD;
$?1— ■-. cheap. 312 2 Eighth st.
TTPPER SUNNY FLAT. 4 ROOMS. 29y a ZOE,
VJ bet. 'lhird and Fourth, Bryant and Brannan.
1 I A OCTAViA. NR. MCALLISTER— MIDDLE
I XU flat 7 rooms, bath; modern improvements;
no dark rooms.
111! X MCALLISTER— FLAT OF 7 ROOMS;
X\JXO yard; modern Improvements; $22 SO." ■
71 A DE VIS ADERO — FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
I 11 bath; all sunny; $18. •
n>)L\3 MCALLISTER— SUN NY UPPER FLAT;
i _U4 4 rooms
SUNNY FLATS; 3 ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
ment: $20. 810 and 812 Kills st.
Ir>LATS— 4, 5 AND 6 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH:
X laundry; from $13 50 up. 1513 a Mission near
Eleventh st.
PPEK AND LOWER FLAT 2. 3. SUNNY
J rooms; bath; nice garden. 36 Elgin Part, off :
Ridley st., above Valencia. |
Ql 1 LOWER FLAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
O-i-X- large yard: basement. 35 Moss st.
fflTl Q FLAT: 8 BOOMS AND BATH. 489
pit). Sanchez St., corner Eighteenth.
Cj« 1 Q 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR.
QIO. teeuth st. above Valencia.
"I^LATS. 5 ROOMS; RKNTS $13 AND $14.
-T 4061 Eighteenth st., near Castro.
79Qa GROVE-LOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS;
• % *~O bath; light, sunny yard.
9QI 1 BUSH— UPPER flat OF 6 sunny
— i XO2 rooms and bath ;rent reduced ; good view.
1 £07 ISTEINER. near suiter— LOWKK i
XO\J flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath. j
WE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE i
»» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st. /
c UNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden: $1 3 aud $16. 1706 Post st. ■ ■ .
1 'O7 FIFTEENTH, NX. HOWARD— 2 NEW
XO— I flats, just finished; 6 rooms, bath: $18.
"1 1 (\-J HOWARD— UPPER PART OF
X X\J I house; 6 rooms an 1 bath: rent low.
T/LAT 3 ROOMS; SEPARATE ENTRANCE;
X I rent $10. 1325 Sacramento st.
BRIGHT^ MODERN ECONOMICAL FLATS; 6
XJ rooms; bath; marine view; 2. 8 and 10 Han-
over place, oa Sacramento sU, below Mason; nice
neighborhood. Apply 320 Sansome, room 4. . -,-;
A 07 Q TWENTY-THIRD~IOO FEET FROM
rx\J I U Castro cars; lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern Improvements; 'rent only $16:
water free. '
OWKK FLAT OF « LARGE KuOJIS: SUNN V
side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Rlngold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
ELJiGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
X2i low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, both; $8 to $16.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 OENTB — THK
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. ~~
Buena Vista Avenue.
"I C BUENA VISTA, OFF HAIGHT AND
J- Baker— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms,fnrnlBh'd
x <idy street.
Ql 7 EDDY'— 2 OR 3 NICELY FURNISHED
OX i housekeeping rooms; private family.
• Ellis street.
CAQ ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
iIViJ complete for housekeeping: large yard; $15.
c 09 ELLIS— FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
OO^ rooms, with bath.
Ql EILIS-NICELY furnished sunny
OXO rooms: $2 and up. ■
I .nil Street.
©Q SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN, BATH.
«JpO. sink, water; no children; private; also 2
sunny front rooms; $10. 314 Fifth st.
- I'oi horn Street. ■
QPO FOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
COO bedroom; adjoining kitchen; yard; com-
plete housekeeping. .
■. ..in St <■<■;. ,
9-171 GEARY (P.EAK)- 3 SUNNY HOUSE-
Zl 12 keeping rooms. Key, 217. »
7 "I GEAItY —6- LARGIfi UNFURNISHED
iIX rooms. ■ • •
©1 Cl 1911 GEARY, OPP. PARK— ALCOVE
«JpXD. suite, adjoining room, with porcelain sink,
8 closets, bath; furnished housekeeping rooms.
Haight Street. —
t)A HA HT— FRONT ALCOVE SUITE COM-
£ri. plete for housekeeping: bath, gas; $15.
Harriet Street. .
9Q HARRIET— LARGE FURNISHED
— ;?7 rooms for housekeeping.
,'■■;., Harrison Street.
£•70 HARBISON— 2 LARGE FURNISHED
UIO rooms for housekeeping; also single room. I
79A HARRISON— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
I_ U furnished complete for housekeeping.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Hayes street.
1 A 1 Q HAVES- FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH
lilt> use of kitchen: also flat of 5 rooms.
Hermann Street. '
n* HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
*->) rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath. '
Howard Street.
II AO HOWARD— SUNNY HOUBEKEEP-
x±tr_ ■ ing rooms: water; range; rent $12 60.
. Linden venue.
OQ LINDEN AVE.,; OFF VAN NESS, NEAR
mX) Hayes si. — Lance unfurnished room; stove.
Minn Mroon
OQ-I MINNA— 2 KEEPING; COM-
— Ol plete: cheap; also single.
"Mission Mree;.
QQQ MISSION — LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
000 room, $8: sunny basement of 3 rooms, $10.
CM 7 MISSION— OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
t/"i 1 complete for housekeeping.
■1 999 MISSION — 2 OrTS ROOMS, FUR-
J ___ nished complete for housekeeping; hot
and cold water. __^_________
"Natom:* Street.
m N ATOM A -ST.— 2 furnished front
I trJ. rooms; light housekeeping; bath and gas.
Ninth Street.
O A NINTH, NR. MARKET— FRONT BAY- |
£i\f window suite and kitchen: gas; reasonable.
Oak Street.
Q*rr BUNNY ROOM! FURNISHED COM- |
»Ip • • plete; stove and sink; private day home
for children: dry storage. 48 Oak si. '
Octavia Street.
1 /tflQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY — SUNNY
lluO bay-window and Kitchen: from $7 bO up.
o'ir m-rell btreet.
AQI O'FARRELL — SUNNY FURNISHED
tiOl rooms for housekeeping.
Polk Street.
Ql Q POLK— SUNNY. handsomely fur-
OxiJ nished alcove, with kitchen, bath, running
water, gas, etc.: new carpets and furniture: also
sunny newly furnished floor tour rooms; reasonable.
Powell Street.
Q-i A POWELL— B SUNNY FURNISHED RMS.
OXu complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
Scott Street.
■I Cl A SCOTT— 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
XUl'tt rooms, bath, garden; rent reduced; call
afternoon.
Stevenson Street.
,|AQ STEVENSON, CORNER FIFTH— FUK-
ttUO nished rooms for housekeeping. .
Stockton Street.
C^-l "I 1703 STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS
<jp 11 . furnished complete for housekeeping.
Taylor Street.
-I AQ TAYLOR — NICKLY FURNISHED
XV/O rooms for light housekeeping: rent low.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH-ELEGANT 2 OR 3 HOUSE-
keepin^; eas stove; piano; private family.
Twenty-sixth Street.
ml TWENTY-SIXT.I, NEAR MISSION-
LI O% Large sunny housekeeping suites, nicely
furnished; $910 812. -
4 vVEtKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— j
-.- L WEEKLY CALL. In wraoDer. for mailing.
____________
KOOMS TO LET.
Broderick Street.
■JOII BRODERICK— 3 UNFURNISHED
lull rooms and bath, suitable for light house-
keeping, $11.
Bryant Street.
AO(\ BRYANT — 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS,
rtO \J nicely furnished tor housekeeping. :
buiih Street.
Q-I Q BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
010 rooms. "
Eddy Place.
1 OEDDf— LARGE, SUNNY CORNER BAY-
1— window front room or suite: cheap.
Con EDDY— DOUBLE FURNISHED ROOMS,
I/O" $5 up; housekeeping ana single; cheap.
j "tilth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
st.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished. .
i-llis street.
TnE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 6. '
X H ART. manager— A quiet house; centrally lo- !
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot it cold water. ;
pOSEDALE~HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— ROOMS 1
XV at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night, i
Essex Street.
•] O ESSEX (BINCON HILL)-LARGE SUNNY
X— < rooms: furnished and unfurnished.
Fell Street.
qrjQ FELL. NR. GOUGH— FURNISHED RMS.,
Out/ single, double and for housekeeping.
Fifteenth Street.
•1 FrFTEENTH, NEAR HOW^.RD-t7N-
xOO I furnished front room; private family.
1 "i -I. in street.
mFOLSO M-2 SUNNY FURNISHED
rooms: folding bed; light housekeeping.
OOfJ FOLSOM — SINGLE FURNISHED
O— l/ rooms; $1 perweek.
Fulton Street.
"lIP FULTON— NICELY FURNISHED SUN- i
111) ny room; $4. |
Oearv Street.
91 71 GEARY, RE TWO FURNISHED i
&Xi'z rooms: key 217. .: • . .
Cl Q GEARY— ELEGANT SUITE OF PAR-
uiO lors; other rooms; lisht housekeeping If
desir* d.
Uf)G GEARY— LARGE BAY-WINDOW ROOM
UUO suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
Q(\-\ GEARY— NEWLY BAY- j
i OUI window rooms; private; elegant; new cor-
ner flat. ' . . . .
I QAla GKARY— SUNNY St'lTK FOR LADY !
OUO or couple: also single room; private. I
HE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, Hingis rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Vaa Ness aye.
"I J At* GEARY, NR. CORNER OCTAVIA— 3 I
X^UU elegant furnished rooms, for gentlemen '
only; all modern conveniences.
Grant Avenue.
ml GRANT — FURNISHED ROOMS
i? by day, week or month: transient.
Grove Street.
1 ftf GROVF— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
X\JO front room; rent $4.
- Hayes Street.
£97 HAVES-FRONT ROOM FOB 1 OB 2,
\JA I with or without board, In private family;
terms reasonable.
Howard Street.
£9Q HO WARD-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
\J4iO ny doable ana single rooms; gas, bath; rea-
sonable. ■ ,
1 (\l(\ HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT BOOM;
X\J \\J hot and cold water; $6 month.
11(|Q HOWARO-LARGE {-'BONT ANDSIN-
XX\J<J gle bay-window room; nicely furnished-
private. . , ;
«iones Street. ■ -
907 '" -THK \AN WINKIE! NEW
XiV I manasrement: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly tnrnUhed; bath, etc,: 810 10 »30.
qnq jonek-eleoant parlor SUITE;
kJ\J\J suitable 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
*-earny strew*.
A RLIWGTON HOUSE, 127KEARWY-PLJBAJB-
Xx ant tunny rooms, en suite and slngla; first class
rat very respect: terms reasonable.
ftiarket -.lee., *
YOBEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET - PER
■1 night, 35c to $1; week, $1 60 to $5; families.
31 art ha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY. BET.
Mason and Taylor— Sunny room; $5 60.
, Mary Street.
91 1 MARY, BET. MISSION AND HOWARD—
Neatly furnished rooms; cheap.
Mason Street.
Al 7 MASON-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
±X I suites and single; reasonable.
y JWinnn Mi-eei.
"I 79 MINNA— NF,A T L V FURNISHED
X \£i rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
3. ikslon -. reel.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 778 MISSION, NEAR
Fourth— New fireproof building: SO elegantly
-furnished rooms: ail modern Improvements: els-
vator: single or en suite; 26c tosl 60 a day.
Q4 MISSION— NICKLY FURNISHED BUN-
O-iU ny suites, or single; reasonable; board op-
tional. •■■--■.' .-■:.■■ - ■;:-/.-
O'larreU Street.
"I 99 O'FARRELL — NICKLY FURNISHED
X— Jj room for, a gentleman ; : all conveniences:
central $7. -■ " : ' ■ - -.- -,-
■VfICE SUNNYROOM; «S>;USE OF BATH.
1> 635 O'Farrell St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
boom's^ tq J! L _^ T ~£g»'^i" qed .
Second Street.
COO SECOND -» SUNNY UNFURNISHED
*-''■"*-' rooin and bath; modern improvements,
yard; $10; water free. ..-..•. '
Silver street. .
mS I L VER-bU.>NY, SINGLE AND
double, for gentlemen; bath: hot and cold
water. . - ,~,
bixth Street.'
m SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE ClTY-
nicely lc^iished, double and single.
94 A SIXTH-SUNNY FRONT HOU6EKEKP-
■"^~ ingrooas: completely furnished.
49(1 SIXTH — SUNNY SINGLE FRONT
Tijy room. • . /
Sutter street. {
l\fif\ SUTTBR. COR POWELL— SUNNY FR'NT
*J\J\J snlte.fumished or unfurnished : other rooms.
rj(\O MUTTER. COR. " TAYLOR-ELEGANT
I UO furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
TTNFCHNISHKD ALCOVE" ROOM; RENT
*J $10. 985 Sutter st. ■
ml S 1 - NICELY FURNISHED
XXXj. rooms, single, salts, also housekeeping.
( Taylor: Street.
1 JQ TAYLOR-ELEGANT FRONT SUITE,
J- cor. Taylor and Eddy; also sunny front
rooms from $2 per week up; newly furnished...- ..-.
A 1 A TAYLOR - GENTLEMAN'S APART-
~X^: ments, nicely furnished; running water.
COO TAYLOR— NEWLY. FURNISHED SUK-
c»^J— ny rooms; gentlemen preferred. r ■
. Tenth street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET-3 LARGE
sunny rooms; housekeeping or board.
Twenty-first Street.
OAOI TWENTY-FIRST, NR. VALENCIA—
*J\s*JX bunny furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Twenty-sixth Street.
"1 Cl TWENTY-SIXTH, NR. MISSION— FUR-
XX*J2 nished suites suitable for gents, $10; also
single furnished rooms.
Valencia Street
1 OAQ VALENCIA - SUNNY BAY-WIN-
J.V/103 dow front room: $8; also single rooms.
Van 2* ess Avenue.
1091 VAN NESS AYE., COR. GEARY —
X\J^X Bunny front room; $8.
"Willow Avenue.
/TOP: WILLOW AVE.— COT TAQK OF 5 BOOMS.
t OO Inquire 500 Grove st.
Miscellaneous.
OAUSALITO —LA RGB GROUNDS; FINE
0 view; pleasant rooms for gentlemen; also
housekeeping. BuUer. Swlsher House. Sausallto.
XJOARDING AND ROOMS.
GOOD BOARD WITH ROOMS CAN BE BE-
enred at a desirable location In Berkeley. In-
quire at this office.
t\(\-) POWELL stT; COR. . SUTTER— FUR-
%J\J** nished rooms, with board: t«rmn reasonable.
1 90*3 SUTTER ST.— F URN I - ROOMS.
X£.\JQ with or without board; prvt family; refs.
BV9 GEARY — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
—■<*. rooms, with board; also single rms; »20 up.
719 POST— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
I «£ with board, $20 per month. . .
1 71 P. POLK (NOKMANDIE)— ELEGANT
XtXO rooms, single ana suites; newly fur-
nished: opens Jane 1 as a first-class family hotel;
references.
OTKL BKRTLINO. 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern convenience.
' CHILDREN BOARDED.
RESPECTABLE GERMAN FAMLLY^WANTS
XV lor 2 children to board and care for; large
play-ground; garden: first-class home cooking:
all plain and fancy needlework taught free to
girls; reasonable. Address W. E.. box 81, Call.
1 OK 2 CHILDREN WANTED TO BOARD;
X mother's care. Address C. H., box 17, Call.
\Y I DOW WANTS 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
'» furnished room for parent. 1016 Jackson st.,
near Mason. ■ . . . ■
STORES TO ' LET.
PLEASANT STOKE TO RENT; FIXTURES
X for sale; rent cheap: must be sold on account
of sickness. 1924 Market st.
mo LET-PART OF STORE. 1011 a STOCKTON
X street. • - -
7 AX POLK— DELICATESSEN STORE TO
I \J*J let; tenant just moved out; rent $18; busi-
ness established ; rooms In rear; fine chance for
somebody. ■■-..■-.. :
OFFICES TO LET. ™
QOQI AND 707 SUITER— CHOICE FOR OF-
Kjj^xJ-Z flees and residence combined; reasonable.
9f) O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
X.V electric lights, elevator and janitor services.
QOO MARKET, OPP. MASON-LOFTS OF
k/'JO various sizes; new, modern building. In-
qnlre on premises.
PRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant snnnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service tree. Apply at building
orG. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery M.
3IUSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
IiTT ROSEWOOD UPRIGHT FOR B ALE
<J"aV/. on $5 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
MAGN IFICENT GRAND UPRIGHT PIANO:
H allot it Davis makers: sold to pay cost and
charges. 1921 Sacramento st.
A FEW MORE DAYS ARE LEFT IN WHICH
to take advantage of the great annual May
clearance sale of pianos an I musical instruments
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
TECK PIANO; FINE TONE; EXCELLENT
order; obliged to selL Room 21, 809 Market.
VINE UPRIGHT: SSPLENDIDTONK. FORCED
X sale: $150. Room 12, Flood building.
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post St..
before they remove June 1 10 their elegant and
spacious warerooms at 933 Market st., opposite
Mason; bargains In different make's to save ex-
penses of removal.
T>EFORK BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
-»-» «£ Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT CO.. 324 Post st.
CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINK OF
' small goods at prices less ttMTn goods cost
landed In New York ; just the chance to buy a line
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 :-;5: mandolin*, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases tor instruments, violin outfits, etc. new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY oCOTT, 929
Market BU, Spreckels building. ■
it IOX FINE CHICKEKING; bCHMITZ, 16
<o>XZiO. McAllister St., next to Hibernla Bank.
S~ OHMEH. STECK, STEINWAY. WTA'I il AM
second-hand uprfghti cheap. 106 McAllister.
li I HO MARSHALL UPRIGHT : SHERWOOD
<g)IUU. upright, slso. BRUENN'S. 228 Post.
S~ HERMAN, CLAY <t CO,, STKINWAY REP-
resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Su tter.
BHA W, $576; STEINWAY, $215; SQUARE,
825; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A RIUVKD— OH" CELEBRATED HIGH-"
.*»■ grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUKDKRS, 82 Ninth et,
pHICKKRINO,~k.NABK,. STKCK.VOSE. BTER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
tor rent. BENJ. CURT & SON. 16 O'Farreli.
BYRON KAUZY, SOS POST ST.— SOHMEO,
.Npwby A Evans, Brings nnd other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD NEW
OH. MULLKK. mttenr, repairer, 2 I ham place.
TRUSTEES' SALEJ7 ~^
rpRUSTEES' SALE.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by MELVINa J
DAYTON and DATUS D. DAYTON (her hus-
band), parties of the first port, to HENRY C
CAMPBELL and TUADDELS B. KENT, Trus^
tees, parties of the second part, and the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION 1 , party of the
third part, dated December 2 lst, 1893 an 1 recorded
In the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Tulare, State of California, in liber 10 of Trust
Deeds, at pages 393, and following, and In pursu-
ance of a resolution - passed on tire 23d day of
April, 1896, by the Board of Directors of said SAN
FRANCI.HCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation
and the holder of the note (No. 12,687), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made In
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing and ducting said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said indebt-
edness.
\V'e, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that 6n
TUESDAY, the 16th day of June, A. D. 1896 at
12 o'clock, noon, of that day. and at the auction
salesroom of * Kaston. Eldridge * Co., No. 638
Market street, In the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin
of the United States, all the nieces or parcels of
land situate in the County of Tulare, State of Cali-
fornia,' described as follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In Township Twenty (20) fc'outh, KangeTwenty-
four (24) East, Mount Diablo Bise and Meridian.
Of Section . Twenty-three (23), the . northeast
quarter of the northeast quarter (NE 14 of NX 1/4)
and lots numbers one (1) and two (2), containing
one hnndre 1 and , forty and ' eighty-nine one-bun-
dred tns (140.89) acres of land:
-- Excepting therefrom, however, a strip. of land
one hundred (100) feet wide, lying equally on each
side of the Southern Pacific' Railroad Company's
track constructed on said land, together with the
appurtenances. ' ■-.•-.,
TERMS OF SALE.— Cash In Gold Coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer: balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. : Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
■ HENKY C. CAMPBELL. 1-,'
! THADDEUB B. KENT, '/Trustees,
EDUCATIONAL.
T>RIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
X es Tnes. and Frl. Misses BUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
"VTEW PROPOSITION IN SHORTHAND
jLi writing; common wrl Ing requires an average
of 5 up or down strokes per sound, and writes 25
words per minute: therefore, if you write every
sound by one up or down stroke you may write
125 words without abbreviations. A HECH'i'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two mouths' course $25), room 708, Spreckels
building, 927 Market si.. =-an Francisco. -„,:,;..;
A TTEND STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
xx st. The very best individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting and English branches, $1;
books free. ' ■ ' •
OOKKEEPING BY TARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant teaching; Vi time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
r>ROFEBSOR~G. MANSFIELD, TEACH
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth St. ■'■■-.- ■ ' ■'■
UOOKKPXO, WKITNG. AKITHMTC. GRAM R
X) day ifc night ; nocla^ses : $5 month. 84 5 Mission
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL.
VJ lessons: $3 ma MAH\ >\ ESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CABTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d.,r.37.
CPaNISH. FKENCH, HERMAN- MODERATE.
•wMelsterschaft bchool Languages. 122 O"Farrell s:
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; Individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month. •
LfELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
J-> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0.t* 1 . block. 7th and Mfct.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
-0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DEB NAILLKN, 723 Mku
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modwa
languages rapidly taught. Write lor catalogue.
\ IOIiTbCHOOL;tiKALL v t)itl s>. v .LLfci.E-J*
i> TV>«t romn>»r.' ; -.' •' <>r- rm~> 1 Kn"'l«li • ow r-\ ««
_ SLED 1 UAL.
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
A stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed: travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkln. I
•RHEUMATISM CURED BY MAGNETIC AND
xX electric treatment. MRS. WALLACE, 20V a
Stockton st. - ..■ - . ;■■-
DRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS
DR. FUNCK, 1416 Eighth >t., Alameda.
PSYCHO-MAGNETIC CO. CURES PaRALY-
X sis, rheumatism. Insanity, heart and lung
trouble, all aches and pains, nervous prostration
ami general debility, without medicine; no charge
unless cured. Room 11, 8 Mason st.. cor. Market.
1 ADIES, CONSULT FREE Mi<S. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell st.; only quail fled specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
TCARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty: also "Fine Baihs." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDcnough building, Oakland. - ;
RS DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into CiMKI homes; mats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR or any female DlS-
ease see Mils. DR. PUETZ. 264% Fourth st,
■\J ICE PRIVATE IN CONFINEMENT;
XI all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate.. Office, 235 Kearuy st., room 9.~
MRS. DR. WEGEiVER. PRIVATE HOME
. for all female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dies before and during confinement: all female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; Infallible preventa-
tlves, $1. 419 Eddy at.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
n:"iit or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
rTjosselyn, thbTgre at SPECIALIST^
has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
rflects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately ; prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. <£ Mils.
DAY IKS, 14 McAllister su, next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French res v latins jink pills. $2.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day -, cure or no coarse; separate
home tor patients; best skill: medical aiieuO-
-1.---C low tees; regulator. $2. 1370 Market an.
VRE CUKE FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKH. DR. CWYKH, 226 Turk su
TF IRREGULAR OH AN FKMALK DISEASE,
X don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ, 864 4th.
1 \ll. HALL, ii MCALLISTER M'KEKT, NEAU
XJliones. Diseases women and children.
- A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
J V. ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger:
gate and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSUOOD BROS., Oakland. CtO. • ■
-CHEAPEST AND EEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J \\ fc,EKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
Pie free.
LEGAL NOTICES.
TTNITED STATES CIRCUIT COU RT\ N l N 't2
VJ Judicial Circuit, Northern District of Cali-
fornia.
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court.
Pursuant to section 69 4 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States it is '
Ordered that a special session of the Circuit
Court of the United states of America of the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, In and for the Northern
District of California, be and hereby Is appointed
to be held at the courtroom of said court In the
United Slates Appraisers' building, in the City
and County of !-an Francisco, in said district, on
Friday, the 12th day of June, In the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. it.
Witness my hand and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty-sixth day of
May, A. D. 1896. . . . •
Seal. I Signed] JOSEPH McKEN.Va,
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
trict.
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
Marshal, Northern District of California,
And W. J. COSTIGAN Esq., Clerk United States
Circuit Court, Northern District of California.
V"OTICK OP WALK — OTIC IS HEHKBY
Xi given that the undersigned assignee will on
FRIDAY, the 29th day or May, 189}, st the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m., in pursuance of an order of the
Superior Court of the state of California, In and for
the county of Alameda, made on the V6th day of
May, 1898. in the matter of J. W. BALDWIN, an
Insolvent debtor, sell at public auction, to the high-
est and best bidder, for cash, at No. 113 Powell
street, tan Francisco. State of California, the fol-
lowing described' property, to- wit: 1 safe, 1 bar
and fixtures, 1 office-desk, 1 business wagon, lot
of lumber and building material, hardware, etc. ■
Dated Oakland, May 26, 1896.
CALVIN B. WHITE,
Assignee of the estate of J. W. Baldwin, an Insolv-
ent debtor. \ E. A. HOLM AN,
■ . ' ■ Attorney for said Assignee.
~ STORAGE. ■: .- .-•.•
TOR^O^^i^A^pTSsT^yTTrFrcrTY^^ F IRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
RNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; "75
X! vances, shipping. CHAeJ. L. TAYLOK,2O4I*osU
m H. KOONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X .reduced rates: basement storat;e,sl 50 per load
T OWEST RATES-FURNITURE, PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. P'erce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 182 ELLIS;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
A PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
A inn-, etc, BHIKKK A SHIRKK. 747 Market.
— ___——————-—
PROPOSALS.
PRINO VALLEY WATER*- WORKS, 016
California street. San Francisco.— bids
will .be received at the Secretary's office of the
Spring Valley Water Works, 616 California street,
up to 12 m. on the first da* of June next, for any
part of five thousand (5000) shares of the stock of
the company, In lots of not less than ten (10)
shares. ■ 1 ■■■-■■. .. ■ -■• •■■- -, .- - -
All stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the 11th day of June following,' and
must be taken and paid for on or before the loth
of said month. ■ '
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
five ($5) dollars per share. in gold coin or certified
check. • ..
No bids will be entertained at less than ninety-
nine ($99) dollxrs per sbare.
By order ot the Board of Trustees.
PKLUAM w. AMES, Secretary.
San Francisco, May 21, 1896. '
"PROPOSALS— ATE PRISON SUPPLIES
X Sealed proposals will be received at the oOice of
the clerk at State • Prison, San Qnentln, until 10
a. m , Saturday, the 13th day of June, 1896, and
at the office of the clerk at State Prison, Folsoin,
until 9:30 A. v., Saturday, the 20th day of June,
1896, at which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsis ence stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other staple. supplies,
from July 1. 1896. to" June 80. 1897, inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which wl.l be
furnished upon application at either of the above
offices. ■ nil
No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the certified
check therein required, nor from any other
parties than bona-flde : dealers in • the classes
of articles to be furnisned. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with •a - certified check
upon some well-known and ...responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
mount, payable to K. M. FITZGERALD, presi-
d« 111 of said board, of his bid, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance as r> quired by law. * ,
. Bids for 1 either -; prison . must be marked sepa-
rate, y. . All payments" made on contracts will be
paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
-Bidders will carefully follow the • conditions of
the schedules. . . -.■ - • .. -. .
■ The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public Interest 1 may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or ■ under the amoun: speci-
fied. . -B. M. FITZGKHALD, President. ■*■
J. V. Ellis, Clerk.
CITY REAL ESTATE. j
J OTS ON NINTH AVENUE.
LOTS ON TENTH AVENUE.
LOTS ON H STREET.
LOTS ON 1 STREET.
$50 CASH,
$10 MONTHLY.
Go out - to-day and see - this block, facing the
Park-st, the < 9th-avc». ■ entrance (south side): has
just been graded: sidewalks laid in front of every
lot; ?ns and water pipes to property; streets on
official grade; prices range from ■
. $750 TO $1100,
and they are the best lots in the city at the prices,
either for investment or as a home site.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgmery st.
<£7fifl EACH. "^ "~~~
3D lUU $50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY,
- • 11TH AYE.. 12TH AYE.
We are selling lots on 11th and 12 h ayes., bet
Lake and California sis., for $700— $50 cash and
$10 monthly— and selling, them very fas', too;
there are no other lots in the neighborhood so low
In price; the streets are all graded, sewered and
macadamized; water pipes laid: ready to build on;
take butter or California st. cars to-day and see
them. BALDWIN &HAMM-ND,
-..''. --■- 10 Montgomery st.
•piOR A HOME OB INVESTMENT.
Tne finest and most complete pair of flats for the
money; just being finished; marble steps and all
the latest improvements; put up by days' labor:
north side of J- ell st., near Scott. Call on premises
or office of owner and builder, DaN EINSTEIN
630 Market st. . .•
©RAO CASH: BALANCE LIKE RENT;
ig)O\J\J fine 2-story bow-window residence, 10
rooms, bath and modern conveniences; lot 26x
100: McAllister St., beu Broderick and Baker!
cable-cars pass.
. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, 4 Montgomery st.
I"~jUfis BUILDING LOT ON BROADWAY,
X 1 nenr Jones st. ; any offer wanted. , SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st.
C AHEAP; HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
) Berkeley: near station: near good schools.
376— Lot 39x135; 850 down. $5 monthly,
$200— Lot 26x130; $5 down, $5 monthly.
$560— Lot 50x120; sewered; $25 down, flO
monthly. . •
, CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
XTEVV COT TAGET923YoRk ST., NEAR 21ST;
J-\ 5 rooms and bath; high basement: porcelain
tub: substantially built: everything modern and
convenient; price $29*'O; easy terms, equal to rent
If desired ; lot 25x100 ft.; owner on premises daily.
Q>snnfl LOT 28x90 ON HOWARD, NEAU
<J)O\»v/V/. 6th- house has large store and 16
rooms. H. F., box 62. this office.
JACOB HKYMAXS' WILL REMOVE JUNE 1
to 11 Montgomery su '
ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
•Ii bath; basement and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
TT'ORSALE. CHEAP— 2-STORY HOUSES;
1 lot 117:6X85: 7 rooms: bath; finished base-
ment; rooms, decorated: electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller st., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park.
TiiOß SALE — ELEGANT 12-KOOM HOUSE,
JL 1 just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
©1 d^fl RAKE CHANCE FOR A HOME:
tIPJ- j«Jv/. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, bOxSO. Holly Park; small payments, same as
rent. CaDKNassO & CO., 512 Montgomery st.
O T\t\ COTTAGE, 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
*S>OXO\J. just built; plastered basement; con-
crete walks In front and rear: decorated through-
out and superior to any before built in the Mission;
$360 cash and $30 per month; on Twenty-fourth-
street electric line. 4249, near Douglas st.
suburban real estate.
ltX^u^tX^r^a^tT^he^ejTof^the
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 60x200 leet, from $80 to
$200; small deposit; easy installments: Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. 11. \ nil r. 220 Sansome st:, San Francisco. Cal.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
Ql 1 900 XHA 5 IMPROVED STOCK
*li)XXt~j\J\J. ranches, neareach other, all clear,
aggregating 1120 acres; will exchange: fine resi-
dence In Gilroy. $4000, and San Jos-, $3500: 20-
-acre ranch, Sonoma County, $1000; 80 acres fruit
land near Napa, $2200; 2 acres in Napa, $: 500:
16% acres vineyard at St. Helena, $1600; all
clear; elegantly furnished summer villa In Santa
Cru« Mountains. CHAS. COLT ON, 906 Market st.
l/'OR SALE— I2O COWS, 8 HORSE ', HOGS,
X wagons, harness, farming tools, dairy utensils
and household furniture, in exceptionally eood 1
and complete condition, on a 600-acre dairy ranch
in Marin county; land can be either bought or
leased cheap.
SIIAND & RIBLET, Novato, Marin County.
S. F. offloe, room 3. second floor. Mills building.
TO SAVK FORECLOSING MORTGAGE —
X Choice lands $85 per acre: 1 2 hours from city.
Alameda Land Company, 57 Chronicle building. -
FOR SALE — FINE HOME ON TOMALES
Bay; 5 minutes from postofiice, station and
schooihonse; - property comprises I aoout 80 acres j
first-class farm laud; 8 fields, from 1 to 25 acres I
each; house lVi s orleg; stone cellar; 2 barns, 1
dairy-house, granary, woodshed .' and several
chicken-houses; ■ abundant spring water; well
fenced; 33 fruit trees; county roads within 100
yards: N. P. C. R. R. skirts the property; price !
only $150 per acre, half cash, balance on mortgage, i
For particulars apply to JaMES "RISCIONI,
Marshall, -Maria County, CaL
OCA TED IN ALAMEDA COUNTY —320
acres of farming and grazing land; plenty of
water and timber: only $6 per acre. Inquire 408
Twelfth St.. Oakland, or 41 sixth St., S. F.
(ififi ACRE DAIRY.HOG AND WOOD RANCH;
\J\J\J V.S. patent; 1% miles from two stations. 3
from town: more than 200 acres cultivable; 40
in hay; fair bouse, barn, etc.; 10 springs and two |
running streams of water; will carry 100 head of I
stock and cut 8000 cords of oak wood; $9500: half
cash; a snap. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City, CaL
pONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
MA »>IN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancbo de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; frnit, grain and
vegetable land: no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; (40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
.QbNDFOKOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTKR & WH ITTON. San Jose.
LITTLK HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN : IM-
J proved; easy- terms; also 4, 6 and Vi acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. 1). U. TU'LNU, Sonoma
■City.' Inquire 63*2 Market »t- 8. F.
PROPERTY 1O EXCHANGE.
© £ -~~L~ARGE ~c6lCx eT LOT Tn"¥uTTER
tlpOtJ. City; worth s2oo. DECKER, 1020 Market.
E\l\fl BAKOAIAB-WHAT HO YOU WAST?
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all slees, from $100 t0.......... 550,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
26 lodging-houses and hotels from $1200 to. 3,000
2 lota. Ocean V lew, 60x1V5.:v. 600
4 stores; 28 rooms; rent 8160 25,000
20 acres; Sonoma County; improved 1,000
40 acres near Santa Rosa.. — . 6,000
H. C. DECKER, IOaO Market sU, opposite Fifth.
"IT*XCEANGE— FOR IMPROVED RANCH, UN-
■XX lncumbered. lot in San Francisco, 47x114 feet,
on Twenty-fourth St., Nos. 932 and 934, with build-
Ings In fiooii condition: 'i stores: ■ large ball com-
pletely fitted up; 4-room cottage; electric-cars on
street: valuation $8000; mortgage $3000. J., box
4, Call Office. ...-  ■■■• - .■ , ': :
1 OOf| ACRKS TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
XZjOV' water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6.Cail
; MO>EY TO LOAN.
mo AN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
X to $5000 on good security. P.O.bOx 444, Oakland
OANB ON REAL ESTATE ; IST OR 2ND
■Jmortgaces, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, B'.'B Montgomery.'
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
ii. jewelry, hlso on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWEL!;
STORE, 948 Market St.; open evenings. X'^^r^
ANY AMOUNT: IST. UD or 3D MORTGAGES:
xV. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3. ■
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; Interest low: private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. •
ONKY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER-
«>st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life, insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
\t ONKY LOAN ON JEWKLKY. AND
IVI other valuables at tbs Becurlty Loan Office,
11 06 Market St.. or. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
UKii.AGKS, > LOANS ON COLLATE - S;
low rates, Sylvaln Haloman & Co.,S2S Montgy
1 kIKECT UN YOUK r'L'KSITURK OR PIANO;
1/ no .removal: no delays; bo commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donobue bldg, 1170 Market sc
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS 100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, 33.J Pine st.
OAKS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
IST «ft 2D MORTGAGES; INTERK.-SIS IN E.+
ltates;iowest rates: no deIay .MURPIIY.623 Mrkt. 1 '
A DVANCEHON DIAMONDS.JEWKLKY.
x\ Colombia la>hii a- »'oilm»ral I'tTira 9 iirnir ar».
PAWNBROKERS.
A~~T~l2<i KEARN yTbT., * ROOM ''■ 9-^MONBiY
loaned, .watches, diamonds, eta ; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges tor sal > cheap. ■ ■ . ■
.-» * .PHYSICIANS.- :'.-*
*I^MOVKD^DR? J C?lu, C^DONN^ELL ~'Vo " 1208
Xt Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. ■
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051' Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of lair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. ' -
~ BICYCLES. .
Park cyclery— new wheels to letT
X best = accommodations."" Terminus - Geary, Mo-
▲llisier and Powell su car limni liiriWlllllflMlllffHrf
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
_ OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. , _
DO YOU WANT TO RENT A FURNISHED
X-t house or cottage? We have them nice y fur-
nished throughout as low as $20: all in good ■ resi-
dence quarter," close to schools, churches and
electric cars: we will rent you nice sunny cottages
of 4, 6 and 6 room.-> at $7, SiO, $12 and up; we
have choice flats that have al as rented at $20
to $25 that are now offered at $) and under: we
have eleg;,i!t two-story houses, both furnished and
unrurnlshed, with all modern conveniences, to
rent at prices made to suit the times: we are a
new firm wiih property listed at revised up-to-date
low-tide prices; if you are toing to move see us
before you rent: we can save you dollars: the
±ughih-st. cars at Broadway bring you right 10
our door. B. 11. WELCH & CO.. cor. Fifth aye.
and^Eighteenth St., East akland. Cal.
I, OK HALE OK 1-XCHaNGE FOR CLEAR
x Oakland. Alaraeda or San 1 rancisco prop-rty—
A beautiful ' summer resort and fruit ranch near
LosGatos: rents for $300 per year; $40 0 can re-
main on place. E. HILL, Donohoe bonding, San
Francisco.
<ssl 160 ACRKS IS SONOMA COUNTY.
«U">-L<"JV/"U. near rail roal; house; barn, etc.;
this property cost $3000; sale or trade clear.
ALDKN <fc KItONENBERU, 902 Broadway,
Oak I. nil. .- ■. :•....
(Bjil^n HOUSE AND LOT; 60x130; WELL
tU'^l^'U. located: near cars. ALDEN &KRO.N-
ENBEKG. 902 Broadway, Oakland. -
rTIWO-STORY HOUSE AND LOT IN GOOD LO-
- X cation In Oakland: only 2 blocks from station;
house in first-class condition: p.umbing entirely
new; will sell on easy terms or exchange for im-
proved or unimprovtd San Francisco properiv.
Address R. P., box 20, Call Office.
HO C AND BUILDING LOTS ON INBTALIr
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 13 minute? to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, KDWAKD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion. , -
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
pOTTAGE, 4^R^O^MsT^OMPLETELV r 'FUR^
Vanished for housekeeping: Twenty-third aye..
East Oakland: bath; hot and cold water: all
modern conveniences: piano: nice garden; fruit
trees and chickens; electric cars pas* the door:
convenient to local train for San Francisco; de-
lighttul climate. Address M. K. C box ("-0. Call.
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENrS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET;
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. .
CHOICE XEW 6-ROOJICOTTAGJS.
iJpA*>\.!\J» lot 33x109, all street work: S'JOO
cash. $25 a month; nice cottage. 4 rooms, lot,
$1600, terms. J. H. VOT7NG, 1243 Park st.
<2j9Onf| 6-ROOM COTTAGE; $300 CASH
<?-«"»■ and $'_';> per month.
$2750— 5-room cottage; $260 cash and $25 per
month.
4000— 6-room house; $200 cash and 825 per
month.
If we have nothing on band to suit, will build to
order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEONARD
COMPANY. 1364 Park st., Alamedu.
Homes BUILT on* TERMS WITHIN the
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy term : 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up: $150
cash: balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. H. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder. 1502 Seventh st.. Alameda.
SNAP— IF YOU WANT TO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one Just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure if you wished to buy it will suit you, as It
Is for sale; 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY. 453 Ninth at.. Oakland.
_ A LAM JED A MOUSES TO LET.
TO KENT— NEW CUTTAGE; 5 ROOMS; ALL
modern improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1484 Ninth St., bet. Mastick and
nclnal station, Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOMESFOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. I O. O. MAY * CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berk-ley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR RENT-DWIGHT WAyTnEAR~TEL&
graph aye., nice collage, 5 rooms, bath, large
yard, flowers: close to electric and steam cars;
$20, with water; can be purchased if desired. Ap-
ply 2417 Cuanning way, Berkeley.
■rpOLET, IN BERKELEY, A MODERN COT-
X tage of 5 rooms and bath; rent 313; water free.
Address S., box 81, Call Office.
I7< OR RENT — CHOICEST LOCATION IN
'Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
l/'OR RENX-FURNIS.HED HOUSE OF FOUR
X I rooms and bath: $25. Apply GEORGE H.
STRICKER. 2132 Shattuck aye.
IpOR KENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
and batn; piano; »SO. 1:014 Virginia st., near
Shattuck aye., Berryman station. ■
"I/OR KENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
-T 12 rooms, D wight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-bouse, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
wight-way station.
PROPERTY WANTED.
TlTA^n^ED^pESiaENTSl^^
11 hog ranch. Owner, 26 O'Farrellst., room 4.
ANTED — EOABHOUSK, WITH SOME
'* lan I: state price and description. F. A., box
16, this office. . . . .-.
V* r ANTED— EXTRA CHOICE UNIMPROVED
" Pacific Heights lots, 2 or more, suitable for
building, in exchange for $12,000, nearly new
marine-view residence. Address P. D., box 114,
Call Ofllce.
ATTORN EYS-AT-L AW.
xL alty; private; no charge* unless successful; all
suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended 10. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
E. PHILLIPS-U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
. R. E. titles a and wills: money to loan on es-
tates: charges moderate, offices 608 California st.
Vf J. NOLEN, ATTORNKY-AT-LaW. 719
iVi . Market su : aa vice free..
m J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
i. . law; advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
-|VT W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-A T-LAW, 420
" . California St.. rooms 14 ana 16: advice free.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
LATL'SI sail'i'l^x LN'r^LLIGKSUK,
i Domestic Ports. :
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 28— Stmr Whites
born, from Point Arena. ■
EUREKA — Arrived May 28-Stmr North Fork,
hence May 26; stmr National City, hence May 27.
VENTURA— Arrived May 28— Stmr George Loo-
mis, hence May 27. ■ ! ■ ;'• , . .
sailed May 28— Stmr George JLoomls. for San
Francisco.
JN'AVARRO-Salied May 28— Schr Nettle Snnd-
borg, for Albion. •
COLLINS LANDlNG— Arrived May 28— Schr
Man- Etta, bence May 28. • ■ . •
KAN DlEGO— Arrived May Schr Vega, from
Coos Bay; schr Lottie Carson, from Eureka..
Foreign Port*.
NEWCASTLE, NSW — Sailed May 27 — Haw
ship John Ena. for San Francisco.
MAURITIUS— SaiIed May 28-Br ihlp Kelat.
PANAMA— SaiIed May 25— Stmr City of Para,
for San Francisco. ■ . ?>
GU AYMAB— Sailed May 27— Stmr Coos Bay, for
San Francisco. ■■
SHANGHAI— SaiIed May 24— Schr K>ng Cyrus,
for Port Townsend.
Movement* of Trans-Atlantic Steamers,
* NEW YORK— Arrived May 28— Stmr Berlin-
from Southampton. '■ . ... :
Sailed May 28-^tmr Bismarck, for Hamburg.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived out May 28— Stmr Au-
gusta Victoria. ' ■•-...•
BKEMERH AVEN— Arrived out May 28-Stmrs
Bonn and Havel. •
NAPLES— Arrived out May Stmr Kaiser
William 11. -
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out May 28— 8tmr
Spaarndam. ■ -.
Sailed May 28— Stmr Maasdam. for New York.
LONDON— Arrived out May 28— Stmr Mlssls-
.slppi . ■'■•-■■ -
•■■*•* " MAKiIiAGE tIOK-V^j.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's oilice yesterday:
. C. H. Witt and Augusta P. C. Babn, 25—30.
C. K. Rankin and Minnie N. Crome, 26—19.
W. G. Dutton and Kmma K. Huntsman.' 21—18.
Abe L Bio b and Emma Selling, 31—25.
F. T. Dunward and Emma D. sweetser, 37—24.
' G. L. Llndemann and Emma Mengel, 29— 21. .
Edward Jones and Barb'ira Busr'', 48—42.
John Ya • s an 1 Carrie Burner, 53— .2.
Moses strause and Lena Hyams, 23— 19.
■V'm. X Haley an 1 Helen ,'i. '1 imrnton, 30— 21.
DiVUliUli f liOCriclilx.Nui,
Complaints filed: .
Agnes Kenn»y against George G. Kenney.
Divorce granted : ■. . ;
' Mary N. Orr from James Orr, for desertion: by
Judge Trouit.
Georaie M. Fa^an from J. C Pagan, for deser-
tion :by Judge Troutt. Plaintiff allowed to resume
her maiden name of Mary Sanu. : .'- ' . •
BIRTHS— MRIUAiIKS— DKAim
1 [Birth, m»rr!aee and death - notices sent by mall
will not ■b« Inserted. " They must be handed in a:
either of the publication omce3 and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to have the name published.]
BORN.
CANO— In this city, to the wife of R. E. Cano,
a son. , -'
MANNING— In this city. May '26. * 1896, to' the
wife of Martin Manning, a daughter. .
McKENNA-In this city, May 26. 1896. to : the
wire of J. D. McKenna. a son. 1
SCHOENFELD— May 25, 1836, to the wife of D.
, M. Scnoenfeld, a sou.
- M AKHIED.
BODEN-DOEPPING— In this city, May 24, 1896,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehier, George A. Boden and
Edith Doepping. . . _•
GEDDES— NKSTKR— In thls'cltv. May 27, 1896.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehier, William Geddes and
.. Marie Nester. , s
HARRIS-ELI AS- In Modesto, May 12, 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. Davidson of Stockton, Louis
Harris of San Francisco . ana Lean Ellas of
Modesto. * .;•.:;
LINCK— LUHN — In this city. May 27, 1896, by
the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Au«ust Linck and
l.onisa A. Luhn. both of an Francisco. -
nitwit.
Ba ch elder, Samuel M. Mcl.auehlin. Patrick
Carroll, John „ McDonnell, Rose.
Cotian, John MclCeever. Catherine
Dixon, Margaret M. Mv cahy, Katie
Donavon, Mary ; Perm, Prudence
Fen n. Daniel P. Peterson. David
Flower. Susanna P. Poles a. Ouvid
HirsJh. Eva - Saxe. Sarah K.
Ilurd,* J. H. t-cheiring, Caroline
Jones, Catherine H. Tharum. Oswald -
Kelly, Michael ' Tlghe, William
Kerrigan, Elien White, Josiiih P.
BATCHELDEK— In Oakland, May 26, 1896, Sam-
uel M. Batchelder, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 61 years. ■ • . •
CARROLL— In this city. May 27. 1896, John Car-
roll, a native Of Ireland, aged 74 years.
COHAN— In this city, May 28. 1896. John Cohan,
a native of Austria, aged 27 years.
£9~Friends and acquaintances and mem-
• bers of the Journ.'vmen Tailors' Protec-
tive and Benevolent. Union are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DIXON— in this city. May 28, 1896. Marearet M.,
beloved daughter of Elizabeth G. and the late
John J. JjiioD, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years 4 months and 4 days.
DON AVON— In this city, May 21, 1896. Mary, wife
of Michael Donavon and mother of Daniel J. and
John M. Donavon, Mrs. John Sweeny, Mrs. John
W. Stewart, Mrs. Hteve Pollen, Mrs. Kusene de
sparr and Mrs. Captain Charles Ziegler of Hono-
lulu, H. 1., a native of Grange, County Cork, Ire-
land, aired 78 years.
US-Friends ami acquaintances are reinec:-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
( Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late. resi-
dence. 10 Godeus street, oft' Mission, near
Twenty-ninth, thence to St. Paul's Church,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, where a
requiem high muss will be celebrated for the
repoie of her soul, commencing at 9a. m. inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FENTON— In this city, May 28, 1898, Daaiel P.,
dearly beloved husband of Bertha A. Fenton, a
native of San Francisco, aged 47 years and 1
month. . . -
«3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 418 Twelfth avenue, off Pont Lobos
road, thence to star of the Sea Cmirch. where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repoae of hissoul, commencing at, 9 o'clock a. m.
Please omit flowers. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FLOWER— In this city. May 28. 1896. Susanna
Py«e orge, beloved wife of August Flower, sls:er
of E. H. Gercken, and aunt of William and
Charles Gercken, Mrs. Alex DUean ana Mrs.
Frank Derm, a native of Germany, aged 49 years
1 month and 22 days. *
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
May 31. at 2 o'clock p. .»r.. from the par- ;
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington *
street, under the auspices of HoiTnung Lodge No.
1, Order of Hermanns Sons, Sisters O. d. H. S.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HIRSCH-In Los Angeles, May 27. 3596, Eva,
beloved wife of B. Hlrsch, and sister of Mrs. E.
Davis and Mrs. L. Hagan.
HURD— In this city, May 28, 1898, J. H. Hurd.
dearly beloved husband of Lissette Hurd. and
father of Mrs. Dr. Evans of Modesto, a native of
Maine, aged 67 years and 2 months. <
*S"Friends and acquaintances are rmnect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from St. John's
Hall, Masonic Temple, corner Post and Mont-
gomery streets, under the auspices of Crockett
Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O.
. F. Cemetery.
JONES— In East Oakland, May 28, 1896. at the
residence of J. A. Jones, Highland Park, Cath-
erine Hlllmann, daughter of Charles H. and the
late Nellie C. Jones, aged 7 n: onths and 19 days.
KELLY— In this city, May 23, 189*6 Michael, be-
loved husband of Wlnef red Kelly, father of
Edward E., John A. and Thomas J. Kelly,
brother of Mrs. Bridget Kenny and Lawrence
Kelly, and uncle of Mrs. Bernard A. Connolly,
a native of County - Gal way, Ireland, aged 62
years and 6 months.
£9**Frlends an I acquaintance! are ■ rnineo!;-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 1146 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a -requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. M. interment Mount
- Calvary Cemetery. . Please omit flowers.
KERRIGAN— In this city. May 28, 1898, Ellen,
widow of the late Eugene Kerrigan and mother
■ of James J. and Mary A. Kerrigan and Mrs.
James P. Dockery, a native of County Roscom-
moo, Ireland, aged 63 years.
- 4£S"Friend3 ana. acquaintances "are resnest-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday) at 9:30 a. m. from the residence of
her son-in-law, James P. Dockery. 27 Lloyd
street, between Scott . and Devisadero, Waller
and Ridley, thence to Sacred Heart . Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her. soul, commencing at. 10 a.m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
MCLAUGHLIN— At the Potrero. Patrick, beloved
son of Peter and Lizzie McLaugblln, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 month and 7 days. ■■
MCDONNELL— la this city, May 26, 1896, Rose,
beloved wife of Michael and dearly beloved
mother of Mamie, Katie, Annie, Edward,
Thomas. Rose and James McDonnell. Mrs.
Frank Darra.'h and the late Mrs. Esther Carney,
a native of the * parish of . Cragen, County
Armagh, Ireland, aged 47 years. * '
JCtT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend tile funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from her late resi-
dence, 906 Bryant street, thence to ME. Joseph's
Church for services, commencing at 10:30
o'clock a. H. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKEEVER— In this citr, May 27, 1896, Cather-
ine, beloved sister of Peter McKe.ever, a native
County Louth, Ireland, aged 68 years. .
09~FrIends and acquaintances are re^oect-
fully Invited to attbnd the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her
late residence, 917 Howard street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where ■ a solemn - requiem
mass will oe celebrated . for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. . Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MULCAHY— In this city. May- 27, 1896, Katie,
beloved wife of the late James J. Mulcahy,
mo;her of Man*, Eva and Laura Mulcaay,
daughter of Mary and the late Daniel Crowley,
Bister of J. C Crowley. and sister-in-law of Jere-
miah Mulcahy, a native of Albany, N. V., aged
35 years 6 months «nd 17 days. " ■• ■ -----
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful^- Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 1227 Mission : street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment Mount
■ Calvary Cemetery.
Y. L. I.— Young Ladles' Institute, No. 3: Yon are
hereby requested to attend the funeral of our late
sister, Mrs. Katie Mulcahy, THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth St., near Howard.
ELLA M. COMYNS, President.
Anna R. Daly, Rec. Secretary.
PENN— In this city." May 27. 1893, Prudence,
beloved wife of Thnmas M. Perm, and mother of
. Willie, Florence, Margie and Fred Perm, a na-
tive of England, a?ed 34 years.
ftS~Friends and acquaintances ■ are • respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter <& Co., 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city, May 28, 1896, David,
■ belov d ' son of Eliza Peterson, : and brother
of Henry Peterson, Mrs. W. Green, Mrs. J.
Kilcllue. Mrs. Fred Streams, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years 9 months 6 days.
PODESTA— In this city. May 27, 1896. David
- Podesta, a native of Sau Francisco, aged 22 years
9 months and 7 days. v<»'. ;i :
SAKE— Sarah X., widow of Colonel Peter Saxe,
and mother of Rollln P. and Homer P. Saxe.'
JBS- Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at '2:30 O'clock p.m., at the residence,
8278 ■ Twenty-first street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by Southern Pacific train from
Twenty- fifth and Valencia streets at 3:30 o'clock. .
SCHEIRING-In this city, May 27, 1896, Caroline.
. youngest and beloved daughter of Nlkoiaus and
■ Caroline Kcheirinij, and ' sister of Mary and
Lou Scnelrlng. a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 2 days. , .
THAMM— In this city. May 27, 1898. Oswald, be-
loved husband of Freda Thamm. and father of
Matt da and Altons Thamm.a native of Germany,
aged 37 year* 8 months and 15 days. ■ ' .
49TFrlends ana acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8::-0 o'clock a. m., . from his late
residence. '20\'2 Waihinnton avenue, off Mission
Street, thence to St. N Boniface - Church. Golden
Ga c avenue and Leavenworth street, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his - soul, commencing at 9
' o'clock a. x. Interment Holy. Cross, Cemetery.
TIGHE— In this city. May I*6. 1896, William,
beloved father of Norah, -Patrick and Thomas
Tlghe, and brother •of Katie and Muggle Tighe
an t Mrs. D. Flnnican. a native of Tuam, County
■ Gal way, Ireland, aged 76 years. - ? ' '.- .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:1 5 o'clock a. X., from his late rest-
• dence, 439 Clementina street, thence ito St.
• Charles Borrorn -o Church, corner : Shotwell and
• Eighteenth street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated - for the repose of ? bis
i son), commencing at . 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Mo'int Calvary Cemetery.
WHITE— In this city, May 27, 1896, JosiahP.,
beloved husband of Martha A. White and father
' of M rs. Fri-.nk bbs an.l C. R. White, a native of ;
' Indiana, aged 72 years 11 months and 25 days. .
I UNITED UNDEKTAKKBS' I
EMBALMING . PARLORS.
; Every iking Requisite for First-class Funerals
"' at Reasonable Rates.' .
. Telephone Sonch 167. , 27 and 29 Fifth st.
WIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, . I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALM y
SO Fifth St. Opp. Lincoln School.
: 1 Telephone 8080.
1516
RAILROAD MEN DID NOT OPEN THEIR BOOKS
Four Officials of the Mar
ket-Street Company Up
for Contempt.
COUNSEL ADVISED THEM
TO KEEP MUM.
Accountant Folsom to Appear for
Sentence Before Judge Wal
lace To-Day.
MILLIONS SAID TO BE SPENT IN
CHANGES.
Mr. Freidenrich Intimated That Mr.
Clunie Committed Perjury When
He Swore to the Complaint.
The proceedings in the Siebe examina
tion in Judge Wallace's court yesterday
were enlivened by the flat refusal of the
railroad officials to produce their books
showing the operating and legal expenses
of the Market-street Railway Company.
Judge Wallace thereupon adjudged Vice-
President Alvinza Hayward, Auditor
Thomas, Secretary Willcutt and Account
ant Folsum guilty of contempt. At a later
stace of the proceedings Judge Wallace
ordered Accountant Foisom to appear for
sentence at 2 o'clock this afternoon, his
contempt having been committed in tbe
presence of the court by his failure to pro
duce certain inventories which were
produced ia court on the day before
and which he was allowed to tske away on
the theory that he would return them yes
terday morning.
Affidavits in the case of the others were
made out in the afternoon and will be
acted upon to-day.
Something of a breeze was created by
the announcement that Mr. Clunie pro
posed to prove by the books of the com
pany that Assessor Siebe had been paid
$10,000 by the Market-street Railway Com
pany. This statement was denounced by
Mr. Freidenrich as an absolute falsehood,
whereupon Mr. Clunie remarked that be
remained in this City during the exposure
of official corruption. He did not leave
town as Mr. Friedenrich had done. This
example of superior bravery had a pleas
ing effect upon the lobby.
Auditor Thomas was the first witness
yesterday morning. He was asked
whether he had brought with him the
books, as requested by the court on the
day before, and he replied that he had not
because he had bf en instructed by Secre
tary Willcutt not to do so.
"So-," asked Judge Wallace in surprise,
"you decided to disobey an order of this
court because Mr. Willcutt requested you
to do so?"
Mr. Thomas admitted the impeachment,
was adjudged guilty of contempt of court
and was ordered to appear for sentence
hereafter.
Secretary Willcutt was called to the
stand and stated that acting upon the ad
vice of Alvinza Hayward, vice-president
of the company, he had instructed Mr.
Thomas not to produce the books.
The court adjudged the witness guilty
of contempt.
Then Mr. Hayward was called He ad
mitted having instructed Mr. Willcutt not
to produce the books, but denied that Sec
retary Wilicutt had informed him that
Judge Wallace had ordered the books to be
brought into court.
Judge Wallace thereupon informed Mr.
Hayward that he was adjudged guilty of
contempt.
Chief Accountant Folsom, he who on the
day before had lightened up the gloom of
his black skull-cap with venerable gray
whiskers and a glad smite, came on the
stand as a sheep to the^shambles. The
smile had gone the way of the last rose of
summer, and he cast an appealing eye
upon his Honor.
"Mr. Folsom, you had certain invento
ries here yesterday, which were records of
this court, and you were ordered to bring
them back. Why are they not here?"
Mr. Folsom explained that he was un
der the orders of Secretary Willcutt, and
that the secretary instructed him not to
take the inventories into court.
"You took them away yesterday," said
Judge Wallace, "by permission of the
court, with instructions that they should
be brought here this morning. I cannot
permit such disobedience. The order of
the directors must not be allowed to super
sede the order of the court."
Mr. Folsom hastened to explain that
he was simply Mr. Willcutt 1 s assistant,
and he could not tell whether he had
brought the inventories or not before com
ing into court. He had been obliged to
obey the orders of his superiors.
Here Secretary Willcutt arose and in
WEVET TO-DAY.
/ . Full \]
k
%, vjinger jfc
Jamaica Ginger \|H^
is made of pure gin- /vra>
&ll ger. No adulterants \!^
II — no brandy. Nothing \\
I but ginger in solution. An V
/ infallible corrective for stom- \
ach troubles and similar com-
plaints. A natural stimulant
for the system and nerves.
Be sure and get the genuine
\\ -6/Vvf^"" II
V FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia. II
formed the court that he had sent for the
missing books, and Lawyer Freidenricb
followed with a statement to the effect
that no contempt had been intended.
Mr. Willcutt was recalled to the stand
and testified that a meeting of directors
had been held in the morning before tbe
opening of court. There were present Al
vinza Hayward, Secretary Willcutt and
Charles T. Lathrop, two less than a
quorum of the nine directors, but they
held a conference on the matter of Judge
Wallace's order for the production of the
books.
"Was any one else present but you
three?"
"No, sir."
"Were any of the attorneys of the road
present?"
"No, sir."
"You took this action on your own re
sponsibility, without consulting your at-
torneys?"
"Yes, sir."
"Messrs. Hayward and Lathrop advised
that, did they?"
"Yes, sir."
"Do I understand," asked Judge Wal
lace in glacial tones, "that the wishes of
three of the directors are to supersede the
orders of this court?"
Mr. Wilcutt denied this proposition.
His evidence as to the fact that no one but
the three was present was flatly contra
dicted later on by the evidence of Director
Lathrop, who swore that Russell Wilson
was present and advised the directors not
to allow the books to be brought into court.
Mr. Hayward was recalled and the oath
was administered by Judge Wallace. In
response to questions put by Mr. Clunie
he said that he was not familiar with the
value of the property bf the road, but he
knew something about it. He did not
know much about the cost or the value of
the road. In his deliberations as one of
the directors he had been guided with
reference to those matters by the reports
of the construction committee and other
committees.
"It is a pretty large concern," he added,
with an apologetic wave of his hand, "and
1 have not the time to examine personally
into all its affairs."
On. being further interrogated the wit
ness admitted that he did not know how
many committees there were or their per
sonnel. He bad served as a member of
the finance committee, but could not re
member who the other members of the
committee were.
"Did you, as a director, vote for the is
suance of $17,500,000 of bonds?" asked.Mx.
Clunie.
"I did."
Mr. Freidenrich rose with a hasty ob-
Assessor Siebe Taking a Note of Some Testimony. Alvinza Hayward Puts on an Expression Indica
tive of Poverty. Accountant Folsom, Minus His Beaming Smile of the Day Before, Takes a
Peep at the Stern Face of Jud^e Wallace. Treasurer Smith Tells What He Does Not Know
About Railroad Finances. Charles T. Lathrop Hears Himself Adjudged Guilty of Contempt.
jection and moved to strike out the
answer, but Judge Wallace denied the re
quest.
The bonds were issued. Mr. Hayward
explained, for the purpose of taking up
outstanding bonds and for improvements.
He, however, did not remember what was
the amount of tbe bonds outstanding, but
he thought a little more than $7,000,000.
He had carried 15,000 Omnibus bonds and
surrendered them for cash at par when
the consolidation with the Market-street
Railway Company was effected.
Charles T. Lathrop was called to the
stand and was asked as to his knowledge
that the court on the day before had
ordered the books of tbe company to be
produced. He replied that he did not
know. He admitted that he was present
at the meeting of tbe directors yesterday
morning, and that he had been then and
there advised by bis counsel, Russell J.
Wilson, that it would not be necessary to
produce the books.
Mr. Wilson was present when he and
riay ward and Willcutt were in conference.
He had not known what the object of the
conference was. On being pressed for the
reason why he had taken Mr. Wilson there
if he did not know the subject of the con
ference, he said that he brought Mr. Wil
son there to find out what was the matter.
After consulting they decided to keep toe
books in the office, the books being under
control of the board of directors. He ad
mitted that Mr. Willcutt was instructed
not to produce them in court.
Mr. Clunie asked that Mr. Lathrop
should be adjudged guilty of contempt,
and the court granted the request.
When Mr. Lathrop, in answer to other
questions, said that when he voted for the
issuance of $17,500,000 of bonds, if he did
so vote— but that fact be did not remem
ber—he must have had a general hearsay
idea of the value of the property, but he
had made no examination as to the value
of the stock. After the bond issue had
been voted he bought thirty-six shares of
the stock. He did not remember what he
had paid for them. He knew, he said,
that the bonds had been authorized at that
time.
Mr. Freidenrich came to the rescue at
this juncture and asked the witness
whether if the entire number of shares of
stock, amounting to 186,000, had been
thrown upon the market at once the
market value would not have been
depreciated. Thus, if thirty-six shares
were quoted at $40 the 186,000 shares would
not fetch near that price. The witness re
plied that the value would be depreciated.
He thought that lie paia $40 a share or
thereabouts for the thirty-six shares.
Mr. Clunie then inquired whether if the
entire slock, 186.000 shares, were thrown
upon the market the witness would give
ii a share. The witness said that if he
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MAY 29, 1896.
could raise the money be would pay as
high as $10 a share, probably $15.
Then be was asked why be had paid $40
a share for thirty-six shares when some
body else owned the remainder, but Mr.
Lathrop's memory went to sleep again.
He finally exDlained that he did not pre
tend to be an expert as to the value of the
property. He simply represented the
Stanford estate, and that is bow he came
to be a director. When he cast his vote in
the board he voted with the majority of
the nine who were supposed to know all
about the affairs of the company.
On objection being made by Mr. Freid
enrich to this line of examination, Mr.
Clunie announced that he proposed to
show that Mr. LathroD represented 15,000
or 20,000 shares of stock in the road ; that
he had familiarized himself with the value
of the stock, and that the fact that he did
put his thirty-six shares on the market at
$47 or $48 per share,' was an indication that
he had considered the stock to be worth
that t>rice.
Judge Wallace remarked that Mr.
Lathrop had sworn that he was not an ex
pert as to the value of the stock, or of the
property of the road, and Mr. Lathrop
was excused from testifying further.
Secretary Willcutt, with a very solemn
countenance, took the witness' chair and
was asked whether he would produce the
books as ordered by the court. He replied
that he would do so if Mr. Hayward would
give permission.
"Do you mean to say, sir, that you will
not obey the orders of the court?" de
manded Judge Wallace sternly. "You
are ordered to produce those booKs at 2
o'clock, and see to it, sir, that this order
shall be obeyed. You are here, sir, not as
a director, but as a citizen, and you must
obey the orders of the court."
Mr. Willcutt meekly promised that he
would.
But he didn't.
N. T. Smith, treasurer and one of the
directors of the Market-street Railway Com
pany, testified that he wa-< not familiar with
the value of that property, and did not
think it possible that any one else was.
If he wanted to obtain information as to
the property owned by the company be
would apply to Secretary Willcutt. As to
the value of the property he would say
that outsiders, such as real estate experts,
mechanical engineers and railroad experts,
would be most like^v to know.
Of the $17,500,000 of the new bond issue
I. W. Hellman made a contract with ti.e
company for $3,700,000 wortu, most of
which were delivered to Mr. Hellman for
a syndicate represented by him. Of this
amount $1,800,000 worth had been sold at
par with commission included, and the
remainder had been sold at $105 with com
mission. They were sold to Hellraan on
behalf of a syndicate represented by him,
of which he said Daniel Meyer and the
Bank of California were members. The
other members be did not remember.
By the terms of the resolution under
which the $17,500,000 bonds were voted
no bonds could be issued until work
I on the road had been actually done, said
Mr. Smith.
Here Judge Wallace requested Mr. Fol
som to appear for sentence at 2 o'clock
p. m. to-day for contempt.
After the noon recess Secretary Willcutt
was called up. He looked troubled, and
the reason became apparent when he an
nounced that W. F. Herrin of the Southern
Pacific law department had advised him
to disobey Judge Wallace's order.
Mr. Clunie announced that be expected
to show by the books that money had been
paid to Mr. Siebe by the Market-street
Railway Company.
This remark brought Mr. Freidenrich to
bis feet in a white heat. He denounced
the [statement as an absolute falsehood,
and added that Clunie's affidavit, on which
the warrant had been issued for Mr. Siebe'a
arrest, was also false. The proceeding, he
charged, had been instigated by pique.
"This man," he continued, "has the
effrontery to state that this accused has
been bribed and that the books show it.
It is an absolute falsehood, as false as the
oath which this man took when he filed
the complaint before your Honor."
Mr. Clunie remarked that he did not
understand that Mr. Freidenrich's state
ment would have any weight with the
court. If he had taken a false oath tbe
courts were open and the machinery for
his punishment was ready.
Then he went on with a fierce glare at
Mr. Freidenrich's whiskers : "If this state
ment came from u» nn« of standing iv
this community I would deem it worthy
of my resentment. I will state here that
when the corruption of courts and officials
was being; investigated here I remained in
this City, while the counsel on the other
side left the City. • • • I propose to
show by these books that $10,000 was paid
to Mr. Siebe, not on this occasion alone,
but on others."
Judge Wallace asked Secretary Willcutt
whether he was willing to produce the
books which were in court yesterday, and
Willcutt, after consultation with Mr. Mc-
Enerney, announced that he would do so
N. T. Smith was recalled and explained
that at the time the resolution authorizing
the issue of $17,500,000 was adopted, neither
he nor any one else knew anything about
the value of the property. It. was not a
question of the value of the old property.
It was proposed, with the revenue to be de
rived from the sale of bonds, to build new
roads and extensions, to the valDe of five
or six millions or more. He did not re
member what roads were in contempla
tion. It was understood, however, at the
time, that the population of the City would
increase, and that more carrying facilities
would be necessary to accommodate the
increased demand. There was no definite
basis upon which the ten millions of bonds
| had been added to the old seven millions of
bonds. The old bonds were bearing in
terest at 6 per cent, and were selling in the
market above par. It was necessary to re
serve enoueh of the new bonds to take up
the old bonds when they should become
due. The interest on tbe old bonds was
paid by the Marketrstreet Railway Com
j pany out of its earnings. The new bonds
i bear interest at 5 per cent.
I The witness admitted that $7,000,000
worth of the new bonds were reserved for
the redemption of the old bonds at ma
turity; then between $3,000,000 and $4,000,
-000 worth had been sold to Mr. Hellrnan's
syndicate. The remainder was to be re
served for the construction of new roads
and improvements. The stock of the road
was quoted in the market at $43 and $44
per share. He had 1000 shares or so, but
he had not offered them for sale.
The witness explained the manner in
which money was drawn through him
from the treasury of the Market-street
Railway Company. All vouchers for legal
expenses were signed by William F.
Herrin and Secretary Willcutt. The wit
ness was asked particularly as to the
manner in which the saiary of E. Black
Ryan was paid, but he could not remem
ber how or by what company Mr. Ryan
was paid. He Knew nothing whatever
about the books or accounts of the com
pany.
Mr. Clunie failed to extract sny informa
tion of value from Mr. Smith and be
turned the witness over to Mr. Freiden
rich, who tried to lead him gently along
the pleasant paths of inquiry into moneys
expended for construction, or as to the
dates on which horse-car systems were
changed into cable or electric systems, but
Mr. Smith declined to be led out of the
treasurer's office, and to almost every ques
tion responded, "I do not know," or, "I
am not aware of it.'*
He deviated from this method of an
swering when he replied that it cost the
Market-street Railway $3,000,000 to change
from a horse-car to a cable system, for
whicb sura it incurred a bonded indebted
ness.
He did not believe that tbe Market-street
system could find a purchaser at all if it
were thrown upon the market at the pres
ent time.
"It requires a whole lot of money to pro
tect it from injurious legislation," contin
ued Treasurer Smith ; "a railroad property
is very sensitive. You can't find ail capi
talists willing to invest their money in
property that they cannot control. If it is
.decided that tho Railroad Commissioners
have control of thin property it will affeclJ
the value very materially. If. for instance,
the company were obliged to carry passen
gers for 3 or 4 cents a head instead of 8
cents the value of the property would be
destroyed."
Mr. Freidenrich argued that a cable road
costing millions became valueless as a
cable road when converted into an electric
road, and that therefore the $3,500,000 ex
pended in making the change from anorse
to a cable system did not add that much
to the value of the road.
Mr. Clunie said that the change in
creased the value by diminishing the op
erating expenses, because it was not to be
assumed, as Mr. Freidenrich seemed to
want it to apear. that the company made
the change solely for the purpose of losing
three million and a half dollars.
Mr. Smith explained that the change
did not increase the receipts, it simply re
duced tne expenses of operating the sys
tem. He added that the value of a road
would be seriously affected by the pros
pect of a competing road paralleling it.
"We had to fight very hard to keep a
trolley line from running down Market
street," added the witness.
"How hard did you fight to keep out
that opposition?" was asked. "How did
you win that fight?"
"Well," replied Mr. Smith, gazing con
templatively at the ceiling, "that is so
long ago that I don't remember."
The answer provoked a smile.
Edward Barry, a broker and secretary of
the California Stock and Bond Association,
was called and by request of counsel band
ed to the court a list of the thirty members
of that organization. He produced the
records of the board to show the market
value of the stocks and bonds of the
Market-street Railway Company. He was
not a member or an employe of the rail
way company and his memory was excel
lent. He answered all questions unhesi
tatingly and showed that he understood
the operations of the Stock and Bond
Association.
The hour of 4 p. m. having arrived an
adjournment was had until 10 o'clock this
morning.
UDGE WALLACE'S REALTY.
His Honor Closely Questioned In
the Siebe Perjury
Case.
Assessor John D. Siebe appeared for pre
liminary examination on the charge of
perjury before Police Judge Campbell at
7:30 o'clock last night.
C. L. Ackerman, attorney for the de
fendant, moved to dismiss the complaint.
He thought the court should take into
consideration the apparent malice in the
allegations of the complaining witness,
Darragh, and also note the evident incon
gruity existing between his testimony in
the Superior Court and the facts sworn to
in the present complaint.
He was answered by Messrs. Batrgelt
and Bernard for the prosecution and the
motion to dismiss was denied.
Judge W. T. Wallace was called to the
stand and Attorney Baggett kept his
Honor answering questions concerning his
financial standing and taxable worth for
over an hour. His Honor was an interest
ing witness.
"How much is your furniture worth,
Judge? Do you mean to say that it is not
more valuable than these figures ($1500)
would indicate?" was asked.
"Well, I don't think it would sell for
more than that. It was bought many
years ago and we keep it for old associa
tion's sake."
To other pertinent questions as to the
Judge's worldly possessions the latter
made frequent reference to his business
agent, William Geizelman, saying that he
intrusted all of his affairs to him. He al
lowed him to make out his assessment
schedules, collect rents, superintend im
provements, etc.
A query as to what his Honor was
worth on the Ist of March, 1895, brought
forth tbe announcement that he owed
$20,000, and was not aware that any man
on earth was in his debt to the extent of
$100.
As to his income — well, Mr. Geizelman
did all his business for him, and he could
not be exact in his statements.
"What did you pay for your family resi
dence on Van Ness avenue, Judge?"
"Fifty. two thousand dollars.
"Has it not improved in value since you
purchased it?"
"I really cannot say. The house is old
and has deteriorated much in value."
"But the property on the avenue has
greatly advanced in value, Judge, has it
not ?' '
"Well. I suppose so, but — "
"Would you sell it for the assessed val
uation placed on it?"
"I really could not say," and so on to the
end of tne chapter.
Judge Wallace was explicit and to the
point in his answers, and they all pointed
to his business agent as being the only one
who was in possession of the exact figures
and facts regarding his real and personal
property.
The examination was continued nntil
this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
HE MAY CONFESS.
Charles Favor Expected to Tarn State's
Evidence and Implicate
Others.
Some months of solitary confinement in
the County Jail have had effect ou Charles
Favor, who was recently held to answer
by United States Court Commissioner
Ueacock on charges of bribery and extor
tion.
It is generally understood now about the
Appraisers' building that Favor is ready
and willing to turn State's evidence and
fasten guilt on at least one man who is be
lieved to be implicated with him.
Favor and Martin Cleary, both Custom
house Inspectors, were suspected of doing
crooked work in Chinatown, and espe
cially in connection with tne Wong Sing
case.
Cleary was arrested first at the insiiea
tion ot Special Agent Major Moore, but he
was exonerated upon a preliminary ex
amination on account of lack of evidence.
Now, it is expected that sufficient evi
dence from Favor and Wong Sing may be
had to prove deary's euilt.
An incident tending i.o lend color to the
statement that Favor intends to make a
confession is the fact that United States
Jud^e Morrow has reduced his bail from
$1000 to $500 at tbe request of United
States District Attorney Foote.
The latter, at the lime of Favor's incar
ceration, was strong in his demand that
the prisoner be shown no favors. His bail
must be heavy, and no one must be al
lowed to see him excepting in the presence
of a United States Deputy Marshal. His
change of tactics at this time is regarded
as being the result of the expected confes
sion.
THE INCOME REDUCED.
Mrs. Stanford Has Her Allowance Cat
Down.
Upon her own petition the monthly al
lowance to Mrs. Jane L. Stanford from the
millions left by her husband has been re
duced from $10,000 to $2600. She says in
her petition for a reduction that $2500 a
month is a fair and reasonable amount,
and is sulficient to meet all of her ex-
f lenses. The payment of the bequest of
2,500,000 to the Stanford University re-
I'uces the income from the estate by
$120,000 a year, and this makes it neces
sary to reduce the allowance.
To Re Tried Here.
I. F. Ramacotti, arrested Wednesday for
forgery in Los Angeles, will be tried here first,
and yesterday he was detained on two charges
of forgery, the complaining witnesses being
Bernard Donnelly, grocer, Bush and Fillmore
streets, and H. N. Meyer, grocer, Ninth and
Mission streets. If he should nut be convicted
here he will be sent to Los Angeles. Rama
cotti was traveler for Eberhart's brewery in
New York. He was at one time a deputy Sher
iff here.
Carrie Sankoy'i Note.
Carrie Sankey will have to pay the $1000
note she made in favor of Ernest L. Kriske.
She bought a lot of trinkets at Kriske's store,
and to secuie payment she signed a note for
$ 1000. In court"ye»terday she said she signed
the note under duress and when she was not
responsible, but all the same she will have to
pay it. Her evidence was not strong enough,
and judgment went for the plaintiff.
Accused of Aanault.
Felix Heimmi, a butcher, 21 yean of age,
was arrested last night on a warrant charging
him with assault. The complaining witness
is Annie Kelly, a pretty girl, 13 years of age,
living at 1708 Fillmore street. Hciman denied
the charge, and said he could prove an alibi.
jfEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
DQN^ HISS tO=D AY
FOR TO-MORROW (MEMORIAL
DAY) STORE CLOSED.
. V'" 000000000000000000000000
— — — EXTRAORDINARY MONEYS . -^ •■.-•.... t
- '- WORTH AWAITS YOU. WE _
_^^_^ BUILDED BETTER THAN - WE _ — _— — .
—~"™"~ KNEW. THE MAYER STOCK WAS
— — THE RICHEST BARGAIN OF THE '"
m^^^^^ YEAR. CHOOSING EASY. ALL _«_
mmmmmmmm THE FOPULAR STUFFS OF THE
— — — SEASON. STYLES SIMPLY PER- — — - -
mmmmmm^^^ FECT. PRICES LESS THAN % __.
< """"" 11 ~""— VALUE.
COATS -»«=-= REEFERS— — CAPES
SUITS— —SKIRTS.
27 LADIES' ULSTERS, WITH CAPES— Fancy mixtures, 60 inches long. $2 CA
Mayer's price $10 ; our price «P^.UV/
53 LADIES' JACKETS, in light and dark shades. Mayer's price $7; oar $ f C A
price * 'O u
37 LADIES' DOLMANS, in silk and velvet, suitable for old ladies. Mayer's £ —A
price $15 ; our price *Po* &**
63 LADIES' HEAVY WINTER JACKETS, black and blue, boucle effects. C- AA
Mayer's price $16 50; our price h 7^ • W
000000000000000000000000
SPECIALS.
FANCY MESH VEILING— A large assortment just received, 14 inches | () r
wide, assorted colors ; value 25c Special price to-day only 1 l/C
Jl.^v. ; Yard
MACHINE LINEN THREAD, 50 yards to a spool, Dlack and white, Nos. i*
25, 30 and 35. Special price. *>C
;. ...... Spool
MEMORIAL DAY RED, WHITE AND BLUE RIBBON. Prices ac- -,
cording to width from 70c to.. . . S\*
...V .•• ■'..*.!.'.".....*. Yard
GENTS' EGYPTIAN COTTON DRAWERS, summer weight. Jersey ">_«
ribbed, good quality, sizes 30 to 40. Special price Jar*yCf
Pair
CHILDREN'S MERINO UNDERWEAR -Good quality, -bound neck
and front, pants and drawers to match. Sizes —
16, 18, 20, 22 24, 26, 28 SO, 32, 34
20c Garment. 33c Garment. 38c Garment.
LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE— fine quality, heavy maco yarn,
high-spliced heels and double sole and toe, regular 40c quality. Special
price air
000000000000000000000000
I [incorporated]
937 to 945 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MINERS' HOPES
TO BE REALIZED.
Tirey L. Ford Returns From
Washington Encour
aged.
LOBBIED FOUR MONTHS.
Mineral Lands Bill Now in a
Way for Final Favorable
Action.
EIVER BILL TO BE VETOED.
But Both Houses Sure to Surprise
Grover by Carrying It Over
His Wish.
Ex-Btate SenatorTirey L. Ford returned
Sunday from Washington, where he has
been for four months working in the inter
ests of legislation beneficial to the mother
industry of California.
Speaking yesterday of his mission and of
what the miners may hope for, he said:
I was never so glad to get back to a place in
my life. For me there is but one place to live;
there is but one California. When I left Wash
ington tbe weather was oppressive and the
heat was sweltering and as I came through
Missouri 1 was dodging cyclones.
As to my mission to Washington we had two
principal measures before Congress. One was
a bill to create a commission to examine anA
classify the mineral lands in the railroad
land urr.nU in California. That bill passed
the House without much effort. We had some
opposition in ihe House committee, but on
that committee were Bowers of California,
Wilson of Idaho and Hartmann of Montana,
three men who effectively stopped any opposi
tion. McKeu oi Arkansas also helped us.
After the bill passed the ' House and went
to the Senate and was referred to the Senate
Committee on Public Lands then our first
great battle began. The opposition made a
determined stand iv that committee and had
the assistance of the National administration
operating through the Interior Department.
This was one ot the hardest fights we had.
Senators Perkins and White deserve special
praise, for they exerted themselves tirelessly
in the cause. Senator Dubois of Idaho, chair
man of the Committee on Public Lands, was
our friend and his position gave him an oppor
tunity to do effective work for us. Our other
special friends on tbe committee were Senator
Berry of Arkansas and Senator Pasco of Flor
ida. We got a unanimous favorable report
from that committee.
In the Senate there was also much opposi
tion, and it was led by Senator Stewart of Ne
vada. The bill was lelayed considerably in
the Senate while we were waiting for data from
California for which I had telegraphed. As
soon as the data was received the bill was vig
orously pushed in the Senate, and through
some very skillful parliamentary work by
Senators Perkins and White the bill passed the
Senate some two weeks ago.
The Senate had added some amendments la
matters of detail, and it became necessary for
the bill to go back to the House for concur
rence on these amendments. Upon its return
to the House it was referred to the House Com
mittee on Public Lands, which committee
promptly reported it back to the House with
recommendations that the Senate amend
ments be concurred in.
The bill is now on the House calendar await
ing an opportunity to be called up for final
action. There is certainly no reason why this
bill should not pass and become a iaw. There
are seven membcta of the House looking after
it. and there ouzht to be no difficulty now. It
would be a great misfortune if by any chance
the bill should now fail of final passage.
The other matter in which our people are
especially interested was to procure an appro
bation of $250,000 for restraining barriers to
protect the navigable rivers of the State and
to permit the resumption of hydraulic mining
if the same can be done without material in
jury to other interests.
Our great fight in this matter was before tb.9
House Committee on Rivers and Harbors. Wo
soon discovered that the appropriation could
not be obtained as an independent proposition
and that the only possible way to secure it was
to have it incorporated in the river and harbor
bill, and thus be carried through by that meas
ure- Our efforts, therefore, were all concen
trated in securing its insertion in the river and
harbor bill by the House Committee on Rivers
and Harbors.
In this fight we had the opposition of the
Anti-Debris Association of the Sacramento Val
ley, ana had, furthermore, to overcome the
idea that seemed generally to prevail in the
committee that the approrriationwas intended
to aid a private industry. It took a vast
amount of hard work finally to aecure the in
sertion of this item in the river and harbor
bill. In fact, when the vote was first taken the
committee was adverse to the insertion.
Things looked pretty blue and it seemed that
all our efforts were lost Then it was that the
hard work began that finally resulted in suc
cess. Two members .of the committee, Bar
rett of Massachusetts ana Hooper of Wiscon.
sin, continued their opposition until the last.
Hooker of New York, chairman of the com
mittee, Herman of Oregon, senior Republican
memoer, and Catchmgs of Mississippi, senior
Democratic member, were our steadfast
friends.
At the last moment Speaker Reed was per
suaded to come to our assistance and to his)
influence was largely due the final result.
When the bill reachea the Senate Senator
White, who was a member of the Senate Com
mittee on Commerce, secured some needed
changes in the language of the item, which
were afterward agreed to by the House.
The item as it now stands is precisely as the
miners have always asked for it, and in the
only shape in which it could possibly have
been obtained.
The river and harbor bill containing this
Item has gone to the President, where it will
doubtless be vetoed, but the executive veto
will be overruled by both houses with a celer
ity that will startle the occupant of the White
House.
In short, the two principal measures desired
by the miners of California nave made much
better progress than we had hoped, and we
may now indulge the highest expectations of a
speedy and complete success.
NEW TO-DAY " , '
i/intine
CURES NERVOUSNESS.
PURIFIES THE BLOOD,
RESTORES LOST VITALITY.
NOT A PATENT MEDICINE, but the
prescription of a well-known physician,
used for many year 3 in private practice.
MANUFACTURED BY
THE YIHTIXE COMPANY
Of New York, London and Melbourne.
BROOKS' PHARMACY, , 119 Powell St.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
To be had at druggists. Price, one dollar.
_ — ■ ■
<fc 75 ™4 ROOMS
%qP M %# CONSISTING OF
PARLOR.BEOROOM JHNINC-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard... ............. SO Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard..... 25 Cents
Matting, per yard 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces ....*... 825 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed. with Mirror 945 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
.-■■;. OPEN EVENINGS '
Four-Room Caulosjuej Mailed Tree. '
CJ" Fret Packing ut Deiiwj tcrHikUliy,