VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 103.
IOWA'S FAVORITE
SON INDORSED
Senator Allison's Race for
the White House Is
Begun.
BACKED BY HIS STATE.
Enthusiasm Marks the Formal
Launching of His Boom at
Dcs Moines.
A MAN FOR THE MASSES.
Has Been Foremost as a Construe
tionist During His Career as
a Statesman.
DES MOINES, lowa, March 11.-The
Republican State Convention met in this
city to-day to select delegate? to the Na
tional Convention at St. Louis and to for
mally inaugurate the candidacy of Senator
William B. Allison of lowa for President.
The convention was one of the largest
ever held in the State, and hundreds of
people were turned away from the Taber
nacle, in which it was held.
The forenoon session was called to order
at 11 o'clock, and Congressman J. P. Pol
liver was named as temporary chairman.
His speech served to arouse the enthu
siasm of Allison's supporters to the high
est point, and it was cheered from first to
last. He did not devote a great deal of
time to the discussion of Allison's claims,
to the Presidency, hut devoted himself
largely to an arraignment of the Demo
cratic party for its incompotency in the
management of Government affairs.
Haid he:
The demand of the hour is for somebody
who understands the every-day business of
the Government of the United States; who
can read the account books on both sides—
what we take in and what we pay out. We
have just now a business management that has
neither the energy to save the internal revenue
from the hands of distillers nor the Custom
house tram the ingenuity of importers. With
in a year every shady scheme of undervalua
tion has come forth to enjoy the picnic season
of ad valorem duties, until reputable mer
chants fare already asking the House Commit
tee on Ways and Means 10 exact a peddler's
licnre from the agents of foreign factories In
order thiU/iegitimate merchants may not be
driven f/om the trade. Inadequate and unjust
as the present law is, I do not hesitate to say
that an effectual collection of the revenues
authorize by its terms' would go far toward
covering the current deficit in the receipts.
We need somebody in charge who can tell the
SENATOR ALLISON OF IOWA.
difference between a dollar collected and a
dollar borrowed.
Forone, I want the exact equality of paper
money with coin and of all existing coins of
the same denomination wivh each other in-
violably preserved. That man is a poor
student of the National welfare who would
invite the gold gamblers to bring back their
tables to the centers of American business, that
thieves may again fatten on the fluctuations
of the money of the American people. Without
dispareging other Republican leaders we are
iustified in the conviction that the troubled
interestsof trade and commerce would find a
welcome security in the nomination of the
man who was generously commended to Gar-
field in the letter of Mr. Blame, which is at
once a tribute to Senator Allison's profound
roastervof the problems of National finance
id a memorial of the friendship which began
iv they entered the House of Repre-
sentatives together, and ended only in the val-
lev of the shadow of death.
For months the maintenance of gDecie pay-
ments has been difficult, not by nny fear of
our own people that our paper money is not
Kood—that is to say, wili not be Daid on de-
mand—but by a long-stjmding shortage in the
treasury coupled with industrial conditions
t have induced a steady drainage of gold
out of the country, in addition to its usual
movement to pay for goods and merchandise
b'uieht abroad and no longer fully paid for by
the sum total of current exports. The way out
of our misfortunes lies in giving back to the
workinemen of the United States t:ie oppor-
tunitv to do the work of the American people.
The Democratic remedy entirely ignores the
foureosof the trouble. It proposes to keep on
lorrowinc money, exposing the treasury
on the one band to the approach of those
who seen the profits of inking gold out
and leaving it helpless on the other hand
'•"ainst tne thrift of tnose who seek the profits
>i patting gold in. It protests that there is
money enough, or soon will be, and has kept
pub-wiing estimates of receipts that have
The San Francisco Call.
never come, with an enthusiasm that indicates
in the bosom of the Secretary a serene friumph
of hope over experience. The Populist remedy,
a remedy in which an influential group of
other parties unite, is to close matters up by
abandoning the present basis of Americau
business, on which all existing contracts stand,
aud taking refuge, from public and private
creditors alike, in the unlimited issue of silver
dollars gratuitously manufactured for the
owner, out of material worth in the neighbor
hood of 50 cents.
The Republican party, without concealing
its desire to continue the largest practical use
of silver snort of introducing dangerous ele
ments of disturbance and fluctuation into our
coinage, refuses to follow the counsel of either.
The true remedy lies, not in perilous experi
ments in banking, currency and coinage, but
in the prompt provision of an adequate Na
tional revenue. This is the first step, and it
cannot be taken too soon. But the increase of
revenue, in order to be useful, must be brought
into the treasury in such a way as will protect
trie occupations of our own people.
No 1 man has been propose 'l for the nomina
tion whose election would not taring honor to
the chief office of the people, but among all
the illustrious men who are presented for the
favor of the party, in the year of hope and
victory, not one outranks in ripened prepara
tion for its duties the unassuming leader of
Republicanism in lowa, whose name is on the
lips and in the, hearts of ail our people to-day,
William B. Allison.
The gathering of people at both sessions
was perhaps the most representative of
the State ever seen at a State convention.
Several members of Congress had come
home to attend the gathering, and all of
them were given ovations by the conven
tion. The forenoon session did nothing
but listen to the speech of Mr. Dolliver
and name the committees on organization,
resolutions and credentials. In the after
noon the serious work was done. A. B.
Cummins of Dcs Moines was made perma
nent chairman. He made a brief speech,
which added to the enthusiasm.
J. N. Baldwin of Council Bluffs offered a
resolution naming Senator John H. Gear,
Congressman W. P. Hepburn and David
B. Henderson and J. S. C'arkson as dele
gates at large. There had been a move
ment to keep Clarkson off the delegation,
but it was promptly squelched before the
convention came to order, and the resolu
tion carried unanimously.
The following alternates at large were
chosen: H. G. McMillan of Lyon, David
Heimsheimer of Mills, Phil Kchaller of
Sacramento and J. E. Foster of Mahaska.
The resolutions are, in a form, at vari
ance with the ordinary declarations of
State conventions. They are in the na
ture of an address to the country on the
claims of Allison for the Presidential nom
ination. The platform, briefly, is the pub
lic record of Allison, with which alone the
platform deals. They formally present
him to the Nation as a candidate, and call
attention to the part he has taken in Na
tional legislation. The important sections
of the platform are as follows :
Senator Allison has been a conspicuous fig
ure In this beneficent work of the party
throughout its whole existence. No other man
in the Nation more emphatically represents
the constructive and resourceful capacity of
the party to meet, in a practical and success
ful way, the difficult problems of administra
tion. He has been a prominent and indefati
gable laborer In all the dit'icult problems con
nected with the war r.nd the means of sustain-
ing it: reconstruction and the harmonizing of
the sections; the abolition of slavery and the
overthrow of polypamy; the enfranchisement,
education and upbuilding of the negro, sup
plementing in this the work which he did in
i his own State; the raising of revenue to sus
tßiu the Government, pay pensions and dis
charge thousands of millions ot the public
I debt; the creation of our financial system and
j the return to specie payment; the creation of
: Found currency; the upbuilding of agencies
| for the development of the West;' the reform
| of the civil .service: the National control of
j railroads; the upbuilding of American indus
| trifs; the protection of dairy and agricultural
j products; the prevention of Chinese and pau
j per and criminal immigration, and the crea
j tion of a pension list unequaled In the grati
: tude of nations.
If the dominant issue is to be the tariff, then
no man better represents it, for no man has
been oftener placed in the leadership in the
j 'ormation of Republican tariff than Senator
i Allison. For thirty-nine years he has been
among the foremost in construction and dis
cussion.and always upon the line of that fair
end sufficient protection that is the strength
jot the party policy. He was chairman of the
sub-committee that, after many months of in
j vesti»ration, drafted the administrative pro
j visions of the customs laws accepted under all
j tariff bills since constructed as most efficient
iin their operation. He was chairman of the
Senate committee that drafted the Senate sub-
I stitute for the Democratic bill of 1888, whicn
\ substitute was largely the basis of the Repub
j llcan tariff of 189»>. He had the Senate leader
ship again in the perfection of tR« last Re
publican tariff, where it received many of its
important provisions, notably that of reci
j procity. He was again selected by the Senate
Republicans to lead the discussion and assault
upon the free-trade Wilson bill, and his skill
and influence operated largely in saving what
[ ever measure of protection American industry
j secured under that law.
if the financial question is to be the Issue of
the campaign, then Allison is the man first
commended to the Nation by reason of his
reputation for financial resourcefulness and
constructiveness and soundness, a fact con
spicuously recognized by the pressure of Presi-
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, MARCH 12, 1896.
"Mr. Olney's visit to Boston was of a personal nature."— Washington Dispatch.
dents Garfield and Harrison upon him to take
the portfolio of the treasury in their respect
ive administrations. He has been favorable to
a true bimetallism. He has at all times
labored to maintain an abundant currency of
gold, silver and paper, made interconvertible
ami equal to the best currency of the commer
cial world. He has demanded for the business
of the Nation a currency equitable and stable,
free from the oscillations so dangerous to
business Interests and so unjust to the wage
earners of the Nation, whose $3,000,000,000 of
annual wages and many thousand millions
in savings banks and other forms constitute
them the great creditor class of the Nation.
If the foreign policy of the Nation is to be
the issue Senator Allison has held rigidly to
the teachings of Washington and the teach
ings of Monroe — opposing all entangling alli
ances with other countries, assaulting no
established rights of nations upon this conti
nent, but firmly insisting that the political
system of Europe shall not be enlarged and ex
tended in this hemisphere, menacing alike the
integrity of the United States and the republi
can government of the continent.
If experience and familiarity with every de
tail of governmental business is to be the test,
Senator Allison has thirty-two years of Inti
mate knowledge and experience gained as a
member of the great committees of Congress
to emphasize his eminent fitness.
The convention received the announcement
of the twenty-two district delegates who had
been named by the district caucus before the
main convention and adjourned.
THREE SALVATION ORDERS
The American Rescue Army the
Latest to Spring Into
Existence.
Ballington and Maude Booth Will Not
Reply to the General's
Message.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.-Balling
ton and Alaude Booth decided to-day that
they would not reply to the cable message j
of General Booth to his American troops, j
It was intimated, however, that the ex- 1
commanders will have something very
pertinent to say in the near future.
Nearly 200 persons have asked for ad- '
mission to the Defenders' League, and !
that branch of the organization promises
to be an important and successful one.
The number of soldiers who have volun
tarily resigned from the Salvation Army
and been enrolled in the American army
is now about 850, while nearly 1000 have
dfdared their intention of doing so.
In addition to the English organization
and that of the Ballington Booth revolters
a third Salvation Army is in progress of
formation. It is headed by Captain Fred
Rodgler, a well-known rescue mission j
worker in this pity, and will be known as
the American Rescue Army. The scheme
of this new army is broader than that of
the Booths' organization, as it proposes
not only to bring men and women under
relicious influences, but also to furnish
them with food, shelter and work, if
needed.
Those at the head of this new Salvation
Army movement say that with a fund of
$10,000 they can inaugurate an effecting 4
working organization.
BUXGLIXG BA^K-BOBBEBS.
Wreck a Building by Using Too Lnrge n
Quantity of J'oivUcr.
DAYTON, Ohio, March 11.— An attempt
was made this morning to rob the First
National Bank at Germantown by the lib
eral use of giant powder. The robbers,
who were evidently not professionals,
uyed so much powder that the bankroom
was wrecked. The people of the town
were aroused and the criminals fled. The
door of the vault, which weighed 800
pounds, was blown thirty feet. In the
vault wa* $70,000 in cash, besides many
securities. The bank officers are puzzled
to know how the visitors escaped being
I blown to pieces.
LAWMAKERS RIOT
AT FRANKFORT
Knives and Pistols Drawn
in the Kentucky
Legislature.
ARMED FACTIONS CLASH.
i
Uproar Caused by the Unseating
of Members in Senate and
House.
BLOODSHED BARELY AVERTED.
Republicans Oust a Democrat and
Lose Two of Their Men
as a Result.
FRANKFORT, Kt., March 11.— All the
conflicting elements in the Senatorial bat
tle were almost turned Into a bloodthirsty
mob of Senators, members of the House
and their adherents to-day. The com
batants fought far nearer the riotous preci
pice than they have done since the dead*
lock. The Hotise and the lobbies were the
scene of excitement, which needed only an
overt act on the part of a Republican to
provoke the use of knives, revolvers and
clubs.
The Republican House had unseated
Kaufman in spite of Dunlap's withdrawal
of his contest of the seat and refusal to
qualify. Quick with their revengeful
spirit, the Democratic Senators made good
their threat to retaliate and unseated Wal
ton and James. The latter stepped into
the House while he was beintr unseated in
the Senate, but remained a silent spectator
of the partisan battle. Walton refused to
leave the Senate chamber when he saw
the enraged mob rush toward the House.
All of the indications then pointed to a
stormy time of it to-day. The Republicans,
though knocked off their feet temporar
ily by Dunlap's withdrawal of his contest
for the seat of Representative Kaufman
<D.), quickly rallied, and decided to push
the fi^ht against Kaufman regardless of
Dunlap's action. In anticipation of the
excitement which would certainly follow
the expected developments to-day Speaker
Ulandford again enforced the rule exclud
ing from the lobbies and galleries all per
sons except the Jadies, and, in conse
quence, the crowd was kept outside.
In the House there was a preliminary
scrimmage over the distillers' private
brand bill, and the previous question had
already been ordered on the bill and
amendments, when Mr. Howard (R.) o*
Butler County, rose and called up the
Dunlap-Kaufman contest as a matter of
the highest privilege. Mr. Carroll made
the point that the contest had been ended
by the withdrawal of the contestant.
In a minute the wildest excitement pre
vailed all over the State House. Senators
huddled together in the middle of the
Senate chamber, while a mob crowded
every entrance.
The Democratic Senators yelled their
votes, unseating James and Walton (Re
publicans). Three minutes later a mob
was at the door of the House declaring
that James and Walton should never go
in there. In the mob were several men
with their pistols in their pockets, stand
ing at the door daring the Republicans to
attempt to bring the two unseated Sena
tors through. Among them were "Jack"
Chirm, "Jim" Williams, Senator Bron
ston, Senator Martin, Walter Sharp and
Senate Doorkeeper Tyler. Senator Black
burn was in the crowd counseling cool
ness.
The crowd was mad when they learned
that Dr. James had already slipped into
the House and had done so while they
were unseating him in the Senate. Men
and women rushed from the building
when the yells told that the unseating in
the Senate had been clone, fearing a riot.
The Chief of Police had a large body of
patrolmen on hand, however. Dunlap, the
newly seated Representative, attempted to
enter the House but was kept back by the
crowd at the door. The Repnblicans tried
in vain to induce Dr. Walton, the un
seated Republican Senator, to brave the
knives and pistols and force his way into
the House, but he refused to leave the Sen
ate chamber.
Lyons contended that the House still
had control over the Dunlap case, and said
the contestant could not withdraw with
out leave of the House. The effect of the
decision of the Speaker was to sustain this
point, and the House, amid suppressed
excitement proceeded to vote on the
minority report, which was in tavor of
Dunlap. The minority report which seats
Dunlap was adopted by a vote of 48 to 46,
strictly partisan, except that Poor and
Kdrington, Populists, voted with the
Democrats.
Tlie Democrats then rushed from the
hall in a wild stampede and into the
rotunda to break a quorum on the vote on
the report as amended. Fifty-one Repub
licans, however, responded on the roll call,
and Kaufman (D.) was unseated.
Doorkeeper Tyler (D.) and his deputies
stood guard at the joint assembly door for
a half hour Before that body met and
pressed back the surging mob. A fight
was nearly precipitated when Register of
the Land Office Reynolds (R.) demanded
admittance. He and Sergeant-at-Arms
Hommers were about to lock horns when
Senator Goebel and others stepped in and
Reynolds was allo *ed to pass in.
Pistols were brandished several times
and almost a panic was created. The ro
tunda upstairs was filled with the mob,
while downstairs and outside there was a
big, but more orderly, crowd, among
whom were many ladies.
When the Senate was announced at the
door Speaker Blandford refused to recog
nize it, saying the doorkeepers usurped
the authority of the House in keeping out
members entitled to vote.
A hot colloquy ensued between the
Speaker and Uronsion. The Senator
charged that the Speaker had or was at
tempting to usurp powers of the joint as*
sembly and he was proceeding to more
revolutionary methods by moving to or
ganize the joint assembly by electing Sen
ator Goebel President, when through Sen
ators Salyers and others order "Mas re
stored. The Senate tiled in and Speaker
Blandford gave way.
There was a long wrange about
whether the Democratic clerks of the Sen
ate or the Republican clerks of the House
should call the roll, the point, of course,
being that a tight might arise over the
calling of the names of Senators James
and Walton. The Democrats contended
that the Senate clerk (Democrat) was chief
clerk of the joint assembly and had the
right to call the entire roll. Senator
Bronston called attention to rule 2 of
joint assembly, and made the point that
the clerk of the Senate was the clerk
of the joint assembly, and as such
should call the roll of the entire joint
assembly. The presiding officer ruled
against Senator Bronston, and said that
the clerk of the House would call the roll
of the House, while the clerk of the Sen
ate would call the roll of the Senate.
Bronston then arose and said that the
presiding officer should divest himself of
his partisanship and rule according to
law.
"Kentucky's honor is gone," he shouted.
"It has been trampled under foot. I say
not by whom, but there is yet a chance for
you, sir, to rule fairly."
After more wrangling the chair ordered
the call of the roll. The chief clerk in
calling the names of the members of the
Senate omitted to call those of James and
Walton, the two Republican Senators who
had been unseated by the Senate majority
a few minutes before going into the joint
Assembly. The clerk of the House, in
calling the roll of the House members,
omitted to call the name of Kaulman (D.),
who had been unseated. The rollcall
showed 130 members present, with two
pairs.
The roll was then called for a vote for
Senator. The Republicans refused to vote.
The ballot resulted: Blackburn 54; Car
lisle 10; Buckner 1. No quorum voting,
the joint assembly adjourned until noon
to-mcrrow.
After the adjournment, of the joint
assembly, the crowd thinned out some
what, but many still remained, and to
night feeling is at a high tension. It is be
lieveu that Dunlap will refuse to qualify.
PAR!) OX J-Olt DE FELICE.
The Italian Deputy In to lie Released
From Prison. .
LONDON, Exg., March 11.— A dispatch
to the Central News from Rome says the
Cabinet has decided to pardon the prison
ers now in confinement under charge of
participation, in the Socialist riots in
Sicily in 1893. , • . -' . . ,"- V:.^
Among the convicts who will be released
by this decision is Signor de Felice, who
at the time of his conviction was a mem
ber of the Chamber of .Deputies, , and was
twice re-elected while serving his sentence.
His election was annulled, however, on
the ground that he was a convict. ■
TERESA'S PLOT IS FOILED
Lieutenants of the " Saint" Are
Placed Under Arrest at
El Paso.
They Are Accused of Attempting to
Incite a Revolution in
Mexico.
EL PASO, Tex., March 11.— Lauro
Aguirre of Batopiis, and Flores Chapa of
Taumaulipas were arrested this morning
on the charge of attempting to incite a
Mexican revolution. They have been
bound over by United States Commissioner
Sexton for a healing next Tuesday week.
In default of bail they are in jail.
The arrests were made on complaint of
Mexican Consul Malen. The Government
officers arrested Flores without opposition,
but the attempt to arrest Aguirre was
resisted, and Deputy Marshal Scarborough
was wounded in the face by Aguirre, but
not seriously.
The piesence of these two men here was
with a view to starting a revolutionist
paper, Ei Independiente, but the Govern
ment authorities here have nipped this in
the bud. Santa Teresa Urrea, the sensa
tional crazy saint who has in times past
been the occasion of bloodshed over the
line, was reported mixed up in this revolu-
EX. GOVERNOR McKINLEY OF OHIO.
tionarv project. She is still in Solomon
ville, Ariz.
EGYPT IS THREATENED.
Raiding Parties of Dervishes
Are Preparing for a
Descent,
The Fall of Kassala Would Result in
a Revival of Mahdisl
Activity.
LONDON, Ekg., March 11.— The Daily
News to-morrow will say it has received
advices stating that raiding parties from
Dongola are preparing for a descent upon
Egypt.
The Times to-morrow will publish a dis
patch from its correspondent in Cairo, stat
ing that great interest is f*lt there in re
gard to the ultimate fate of Kassala. Two
large forces of dervishes, one commanded
by Osraan Digna, are advancing upon
Kassala. Should the Italians meet with
disaster, the correspondent says, the Mahd
ist activity would be revived throughout
the Soudan and especially in the vicinity
of Suakim and Lokar.
Yellow Feter Vietltna.
«»- ,-.■
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— The
Herald's special cable dispatch from
Buenos Ayres says: The total number of
deaths on board the Italian cruiser Lom
bardia from yellow fever, according to ad
vices from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is 104.
Seventy -six of the crew are still ill.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORMER'S MEN
ROUTED IN OHIO
Their Nominees for State
Offices Defeated at
Columbus.
M'KINLEY TICKET WINS;
No Friction Between the Fac«
tions in Choosing Delegates
to St. Louis.
ALL FOR THE PROTECTIONIST*
His Name Is Greeted With Enthu*
siastic Cheers in the Con
vention.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 11.— The Re.
publican State Convention to-day nomi
nated the following ticket: Secretary of
State, Charles Kinney of Sciotp County;
i Judge of the Supreme Court, Marshall J.
S Williams, the incumbent; Dairy and
| Food Commissioner, Joseph E. Blackburn
! of Belmont County; member of the Board
I of .Public "Works, Frank A. Huffman of
I Van Wert County; delegates-at-large to
j St. Louis— Senator-elect Foraker, Gov«
i ernor Bushnell, Marcus A. Hanna and
Congressman C. H. Grosvenor; alternates
— Dr. Joseph E. Lowes of Dayton, John P.
Green of Cleveland and J. W. Taylor of
East Liverpool. Presidential Electors-at-
Large— l. F. Mack of Sandusky and Al*
bert Douglas Jr. of Chillicothe.
The programme arranged between the
McKinley and Foraker leaders as to the
i delegates-at-large to the St. Louis conven
i tion was carried out without friction. la
'• the nomination of the State ticket there
! was a sharp right between the Foraker and
; McKinley factions, with the result that
i the Foraker faction was completely de
j feated. The slate prepared by the Foraker
. leaders in the room of Senator-elect For
i aker la«t midnight broke, except as to the
■ candidate for State Food Commissioner.
The Foraker candidate for this position,
j Joseph E. Blackburn of Belmont County,
! was nominated, by the combined strength
1 of the Foraker delegates and the influence
i of the wholesale grocers' trade.
The Foraker leaders evidently supposed
| that Charles Kinney and E. W. Doty, both
I of whom" have been identified with the
' McKinley faction, would divide the vote
i of that element of the convention and tho
1 Foraker strength uniting on Wickoff
j would nominate him. In this they were
mistaken. Kinney's adherents could not
be drawn away from him. "Wickoff simply
drew from Doty. The presentation of
"Wickoff s name was coldly received. Kin
ncy's set the convention to cheering.
The convention was slow in .assembling,
and it was 10:80 when temporary I'hair
nian Foraker called for order. Hieh up
over the stage, draped in National colors,
the delegates saw a picture of McKinley
over which were the words. "The Nation's
Choice," and they cheered lustily. The
report of the Committee on Permaneut
Organization, continuing the temporary
organization with Fnraker as chairman,
was adopted with enthusiasm.
There was a strong tight made against
Now
I ■ the time when you should take a Spring
Medicine to purify your blood, give you good
appetite, sound slrep, steady nerves and per.
feet digestion. That scrofulous taint, that skin
trouble, that liver difficulty, that bilious ten-
dency, that tired feeling are all cared by Hood's
Sarsaparilla. Give this medicine a fair trial
and you will realize its positive merit". It is not
what we say, but what the people who ara
cured say, which proves that
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. $1 ; fi for $5.
Prepared only by C. L Hood <fc Co., Lowell, Mass.
•_■ __. j»_ o;|l o cire Liver Ills; easy to
nOOU S fills take, easy to operate. 2502
the report of the committee on order of
business. The friends of Dr. P. B. Mc-
Neal. candidate for the nomination of
Food Commissioner, won a victory lust
night in the committee and had the nom
ination for Food Commissioner placed
before the State Board of Public "Works.
This was unfriendly to John Stillwell,
who comes from the same county-
Miami— and who is a candidate for
the Board of Public Works. The
enemies of McNeal, t!ie Wholesale
Grocers' Association and Siillwell's
friends ioined in trying to have the report
adopted so as to provide for the nomina
tion of the member of the Board of Public
Works. Chairman Foraker decided the
report adopted, but ex-Master of the Na
tional Grange J. H. Brigham of Fulton
County demanded to be heard, and voices
all over the convention hall demanded an
other vote on the question. With the con-
Bent of the convention. Chairman Foraker
put the question on the amendment offered
by Brigham changing the report, but it
was voted down.
Congressman R. W. Taylor read the re
port of the committee on resolutions from
the stage, and on hi 9 motion it was
adopted as the party platform. The plat
form was largely the regulation party
document with a few new features. It de
nnuncesthe Democratic National admin
istration; ?m'rms the policy of protection,
with incidental reciprocity; denounres
the free-wool provision of the present
tariff as an attack upon an important in
dustry, and stands for bimetallism and
McKinley's candidacy for the Presidency.
The currency plank is as follows:
We contend for honest money; for a cur
oi gold, silver a;ld paper, with which to
ire our exchanges, that shall be as sound
h> the Government, as untarnished as its
honor; and to that end we favor bimetallism
and demand the use of both gold and silver as
standard money, either in accordance with a
ratio to be fixed by an international agree
ment, if that can be obtained, or under such
restrictions and such provisions to be deter
mined by legislation as will secure the main
tenance of the parities of values of the two
metals, *o that the purchasing and debt-paying
power of the dollar, whether of silver, paper
or gold, shall be at all times equal.
McKinley's candidacy is indorsed as
follows:
The people of Ohio take satisfaction in the
expressions coming from every section of our
common country of popular approval of their
distinguished fellow-citizen, William McKin
ley. The great advocate of protection, who
has all his life stood for America, its fac
tories, its farms and its firesides, finds his re
ward in the confidence and affection of the
people, whose interests have been his constant
care.
As their candidate for the Presidency the
Republicans of Ohio pledge him anew the
absolute, loyal and unswerving support of his
£tate at the National convention, and instruct
the delegates chosen to represent Ohio to re
deem this pledge.
Nominations being in order, ex-Con
gressman W. C. Cooper of Mount Vernon
made a speech, closing with the offering of
a resolution that the four delegates-at
large to the National Republican Conven
tion at St. Louis be as hereinbefore named.
Allen T. Brinsmade of Cleveland seconded
the motion. The question was put at once
and carried with a shout of ayes. The
negative was not put : it was not necessary.
Robert Neven of Dayton presented the
names of the alternate delegates and moved
that they be declared such delegates. The
motion was carried with enthusiastic ac
clamation.
Congressman Grosvenor then presented
the names of the Presidential electors-at
large. These nominations were made with
unanimous acclamation. Mr. Mack is edi
tor of the Sandusky Register and Douglas
is an attorney of Chillicothe.
Kinney was nominated for Secretary of
State on the first ballot over Doty of Cuya
hoga and Wikoff of Franklin. Judge Wil
liams was nominated by acclamation.
Blackburn for Food Commissioner won on
the second ballot, and Huffman for mem
ber of the Board of Public Works on the
first vote.
The eagle was made the party emblem,
the State Central Committee authorized to
fill any vacancies occurring in the State
tirket and the convention adjourned sine
die.
JiHODJE ISLAXn DEMOCRATS.
Sational Issues Ignored in the Conven
tion Resolutions.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., March 11.— The
Democratic State convention was held this
morning. Thomas H. Vance placed in
nomination for Governor the name of
George Littlefield of Pawtucket, which
nomination was unanimously ratified.
The remainder of the ticket was nominated
as follows:
Lieutenant-Governor, August S. Miller,
Providence ; Secretary of State, George L.
Church of Tiverton; Attorney-General,
George T. Brown of Providence; General
Treasurer, John G. Perry of South Kings
town.
The committee on resolutions then pre
sented the platform. It made no mention
of National affairs, treating merely of State
matters. The convention then adjourned.
ychraska'a Democratic Convention.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 11.— The State
Central Committee, representing the ad
ministration wing of the Democratic party,
met to-night and set April 29 as the time
for holding the State convention to
nominate delegates to the National Demo
cratic Convention. The convention is
called to meet in Lincoln. The vote cast
for T. J. Mahoney in 1895 for Supreme
Judge was taken as a basis of representa
tion, and, allowing one delegate for every
forty votes cast or fraction thereof, will
give 625 delegates. The proposition made
by the silver wing of the party to settle
the question of representation at Chicago
at a primary election was ignored alto
gether.
All for McKinley.
EUREKA SPRINGS, Ark., March 11.—
The Republicansof the Fifth Congressional
District held tneir convention here yester
day. Charles M. Green and Thomas J.
Hunt were selected as delegates and reso
lutions were passed unanimously instruct
ing the delegates for McKinley. This
completes the selection of the delegates
for Arkansas, fourteen of whom are white
and two colored, and all instructed for
McKinley.
Montana's lifleaation Divided.
CHICA6O, 111., March 11.— Paul Mc-
Cormick, a wealthy ranchman of Billings,
Mont., is in town. He says that the silver
issue is about all that is considered in his
State. The Montana delegation will be
divided between Allison, Reed and Me-
Kinley.
The Queen's J>r awing- Room,
LONDON, Ekg., March 11.— The Prin
cess of Wales held the lirst drawing-room
of the season in behalf of the Queen
at Buckingham Palace this afternoon.
Among the Americans presented was
Mrs. W. J. Ritchie, wife of the California
millionaire, who was formerly Miss Roach
of Cincinnati.
>. ■■htrlifiri *!;i'* Mission.
PARIS, France, March 11. — Concerning
the visit to Berlin of Count Goluchowski,
Austrian Minister of Foreign Affairs, the
Figaro suggests that Austria may wish the
Kaiser to explain his Russophile leanings.
HOAR CHAMPIONS
SPAIN'S CAUSE
The Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations Is
Attacked.
SPANIARDS AS ALLIES.
Oppressors of Cuba Praised as
a Nation Friendly to the
United States.
GOADS SHERMAN AND MORGAN
Angry Responses Called Forth by
Bitter Words — The Argument
Not Concluded.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.—Sen
ator Hoar's resolution to postpone the
conference report on the Cuban concur
rent resolutions till Monday, the 6th of
April, was taken up early in the morning
hour to-day, and after a speech by Hoar in
support of it, lost its place in the morning
hour and went to the calendar, from
which there will probably be no
effort to resurrect it. But the
debate in the Senate will go on all the
same to-morrow and until the subject is
disposed of, as the conference report is a
privileged question, at least until 2 o'clock
to-morrow, when it comes into conflict
with the resolution for seating Dupont as
Senator from the State of Delaware, a
question of still higher privilege.
Hoar's speech was largely an arraign
ment of the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions for reporting the concurrent resolu
tion without having any facts to justify
such action. He appealed to Senator
Sherman, whom he placed on the same
pedestal with Lincoln, Grant, Fish, Seward
and his own illustrious brother, General
Sherman, to recede from the position
which he had taken, and the only reason
for which was, he intimated, because a
Presidential election was at hand.
Hoar said some very severe things about
the action of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and said that when it wrote the
word "concurrent"^ at the head of the reso
lution it meant, it was to be distinctly un
derstood, that this was to be a Pickwickian
resolution. Hoar deplored the idea of
rushing matters through Congress that
properly belonged to the function of the
State Department. He did not agree '-with
Secretary Olney politically, but he knew
him well; he was a generous, square, hon
est, old-fashioned Massachusetts Yankee,
and Hoar said he was not afraid to trust
him in the diplomatic affairs of this Gov
ernment.
Hoar then related a story of one of the
old Emperors who was walking along a
narrow path, accompanied by a fine lady
of his court, when they met a laborer car
rying a heavy burden. The lady refused
to 9tep aside, when the Emperor com
manded her to respect the burden the man
was carrying. Applying this to existing
conditions, Hoar said the people and the
press, in criticizing the President and the
administration in the Venezuelan and
Spanish question, should respect the
burden that rested upon them and the re
sponsibilities that belonged to the Execu
tive alone.
It was to be lamented, Hoar said, that
the youth of the Spanish universities had
been so excited as to offer indignities to
the American flag, and that the Minister
from Spain, a gentleman of great accom
plishments and the representative of a
friendly power, was stung into breaking
over diplomatic propriety and making an
appeal, in an irregular way, to the people
of the United States.
Hoar spoke in tna-t connection of Spain
as the ally and friend of the American
colonies in the war of independence, and
as having exercised a potent influence in
preventing armed intervention by France
and Great Britain in the Civil War.
The Senate, Hoar declared, must do its j
duty with courage and firmness. What
ever the Senate did should be done in a
calm, quiet, dignified spirit, as befitted
the action of a great people. It ought to
imitate not the excitement of mobs; it
ought to indulge not in the impassioned
eloquence of orators and not in the stimu
lant appeals or the love of liberty, or to
any other public passion, good or bad.
This was a time and an occasion for the
judicial faculty.
Hoar said he had authorized his col
league some weeks ago to pair him in favor
of Senator Cameron's resolution asking the
President to use his good offices with Spain
for the recognition of Cuban independ
ence. For that reason he stood to-day and
was prepared to defend it if necessary.
He said that the question of belligerency
was a question of fact, and it was reasona
ble that the usual precauions should be
taken. The Senate should have before it
the "finding of facts by the proper com
mittee charged with the investigation.
T his subject was discussed in the com
mittee for several days and was brought
into the Senate without any report, but
accompanied by a speech from Senator
Morgan, who laid his sword on the tabte
and asked Spain to take it up, and de
clared his belief in the power of Congress
without the President to grant belligerent
rights. The other speech, that of Sher
man, contained quotations from a wort
that was repudiated. Upon these state
ments and without any presentation of
facts Congress was asked to act.
Hoar accused the Foreign Relations
Committee of Dasing its resolution upon a
statement contained in a letter from the
agent of the Cuban Junta. Sherman took
exceptions to this statement, declaring
that the letter came from the State De
partment itself.
Hoar was complaining of the lack of in
formation before the Senate on the Cuban
question when Sherman called his atten
tion to a Drinted document of 200 pages,
containing a message from the President
and all the correspondence conducted by
the State Department.
"This document has been before the
Senate for more than two weeks, and was
open to the Senate all the time," said
Sherman, somewhat petulantly.
"I don't believe anybody ever read it,"
retorted Hoar. "Whether the members of
the committee did I do not know. 1 '
"I quoted from that document in my
speecu liberally, " said Morgan, "and that
speech was in the nature of a report from
the committee."
"Then," said Hoar, with apparent glee,
"you spoke for the committee when you
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
laid the sword on the table and asked
Spain to take it up. Is that not so, and
did you not speak for Jhe committee when
you said there had been 45,000 prisoners
executed in Cuba?"
Morgan said he did not speak for the
committee with regard to the execution of
prisoners. Morgan said the record had
been deliberately misquoted. He gave
that as a quotation from a printed work
and not as a statement of his own. After
reciting the definition of an old Democra
tic judge in Massachusetts in circumstan
tial evidence. Hoar said the recent activity
on the part of the somewhat sleepy Com
mittee on Foreign Relations was circum
stantial evidence, not that war was
approaching, but that an election was
approaching.
During the morning business a joint res
olution was introduced by Allen (Pop ) of
Nebraska and was referred to the Commit
tee on Foreign Relations authorizing and
requesting the President of the United
States to cause a thorough and
rigid investigation to be made into
the manner in which war be
tween Spain and the belligerents in
Cuba is being conducted; whether in
accordance with the established rules of
civilized warfare and whether unusual
and exceptional cruelties, barbarities and
atrocities are and have been perpetrated
by either party toward the other, and par
ticularly toward non-combatants. The
joint resolution appropriates $10,000 for
the expenses of the inquiry.
The resolution heretofore offered by
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire, for an
inquiry by the Committee on Civil Service
into the expenses of the Senate for the
past year, was reported back favorably
and placed on the calendar.
HUNTINGTON'S PLANS.
Favors a Straight-Out Funding Scheme
and Will Oppose the Hubbard
Plan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.— Collis
P. Huntington to-day disappointed the
House Pacific Roads Committee, which
assembled by appointment at 10:30 o'clock
to hear his testimony. Mr. Huntington
sent word that he was unable to appear,
but would be on hand to-morrow.
Reports have been sent from Washing
ton to the effect that the Union Pacific
and Central Pacific roads had agreed on
the Hubbard plan of settlement, and that
a bill embodying this scheme would prob
ably be reported.
The Call correspondent is able to state
that the roads have reached no agreement
and that Mr. Huntington will to-morrow
say to the House Committee that he pre
fers the bill introduced in the House by
E'epresentative Smith and in the Senate
by Mr. Frye, to the plan favored by the
Union Pacific (the Hubbard plan). This
information coincides with what The
Call correspondent has wired from time
to time, viz.: that Huntington favored a
straight-out funding scheme and that the
Smith and Frye bills would be reported.
RIGHTS OF THE BANNOCKS
Supreme Court to Decide as to
the Killing of Game in
Wyoming.
A Case Growing Out of the Recent
Indian Uprising at Jackson
Hole.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.— The
famous habeas corpus case of .1 ohn H. Ward,
Sheriff of the county of Uintah, Wyo., vs.
Race Horse, was argued in the Supreme
Court to-day. It came to the court on ap
peal from the Circuit Court of Wyoming,
where the case against Race Horse was be
gun after the trouble with the Bannork
Indians at Jackson Hole last sammer )
pursuant to a friendly understanding be
tween the Indian Bureau officials and the
authorities for the purpose of securing a
judicial construction of the treaty rights
pleaded by the Indians in justification of
their killing of game.
The origin of the trouble was the killi ng
of elk by the Indians, which was pro
hibited by the laws of the State of Wyo
ming. The right to hunt game on unoccu
pied public land was reserved to the
Indians in the treaty oy which they were
located in the present reservation.
The State law forbade the killing of
game under the conditions then existing,
ana a conflict between the Indians and
peace officers of the State ensued. Subse
quent to the outbreak Race Horse, a mem
ber of the Bannock Indians, was arrested
on a warrant of the District Court of Uin
tah County, charged with a violation of
State law in the killing of seven elk. He
was released on a writ of habeas corpus is
sued by the Federal court in Wyoming,
and Sheriff Ward appealed to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The questions before the court are: 1.
does the State statute forbidding the kill
ing of game restrict or annul the rights of
the Indians to hunt under the treaty with
the United States? 2. Do the words "un
occupied lands" used in the treaty mean
lands that have not been surveyed, subdi
vided and platted?
The affirmative of these was argued by
Benjamin F. Fowler, Attorney-General of
Wyoming, and the negative by Attorney-
General Harmon.
CABLE TO MA WAI I,
The Republicans of the Senate Committee
. . favor the Project.'
WASHINGTON, D.C., March 11.— The
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
to-day considered the two propositions
before it providing for the construction of
a telegraphic cable from San Francisco to
Japan via the island of Hawaii, and from
the same city to Hawaii. No conclusion
has yet been reached by the committee,
but it is believed that one of two com
panies will be granted the right to can
struct the cable, and be given a bonus by
the Government.
Messrs. Gray, Turpie and Mills, Demo
cratic members of the committee, are
opposed to the granting of subsidies, and
will vote against the bill, but the Repub
licans say they have enough votes to make
a favorable report to the Senate.
J'ensions for Coast Veterans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.— The
following pensions have been allowed:
California: Original — Benjamin Hayes,
San Francisco; Alfred Roberts, Moreno.
Renewal — John R. Williams, National
Military Home, Los Angeles. Original
widows and children— Elizabeth Cole,
Oakland. Reissue— Mary A. Drake, Oak
land.
Oregon: Original— Hubert Bascorabe,
Beavertown ; John Dumphy, Portland.
Washington: Reissue — Jesse Gunning,
Vancouver. Original widow— Harriet B.
McNeal, Skamakawa.
Land Grants Approved.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 11.—Sec
retary Hoke Smith to-day approved the
following grants of lands to railroads:
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul, six
acres; Southern Pacific, 4807 acres in the
Visalia (Cal.) laud district; Oregon and
California, 4162 acres in the Oregon City
(Or.) land district, and 2941 acres to the
Central Pacific Railroad in the Marysville
(Cal.) land district.
MINERAL LANDS
CLASSIFICATION
California Senators and Rep
resentatives Reply to
Lamoreaux.
WANTS OF THE MINERS.
Errors of the Commissioner of
the Land Office Pointed
Out.
PRESENT LAWS INEFFECTIVE.
Prevailing Conditions Are Satisfactory
to the Railroad Companies
Only.
WASiIINGTCN, D. C, March 11.— The
California delegation to-day sent the fol
lowing letter to Hon. Fred T. Dubois,
chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands of the Senate:
Regarding H. B. 5819, and letter 3, from
the honorable Commissioner of the Land Of
fice in relation thereto, dated March 4, we de
sire to say: The criticisms of the Commis
sioner may be briefly indicated as follows:
First— The honorable Commissioner says:
"The lands to be clarified under the bill be
fore me are situated within old and well set
tled communities, are generally surveyed
lands and presumably have been thoroughly
examined and explored by prospectors."
The Commissioner then draws the conclusion
that the lands which have been thus explored
and prospected should not be made the subject
of further examination and classification.
From our personal knowledge of the situation,
we are able to state that the Commissioner has
fallen into error as to the result of former pros
pecting in the mineral regions of California.
The hasty, superficial and methodlessprospect
ing of earlier years in our State iR but now
giving place to scientific and skillful methods.
Abandoned mines are being reopened, more at
tention is being paid to the development of
our mineral resources, and, in short, capital is
being attracted to the mineral regions of Cali
fornia as never before in the history of the
State, since the tirst few years of feverish ex
citement following the discovery of gold on the
American River in 1848.
Furthermore, many small claims in the
mountains are held by men of humble means,
which claims have not yet been patented, but
are held by work and possession under the
Federal mining laws. The owners of these
small mines, living, as they do, in isolated
districts, far removed from populous centers,
frequently have no notice of intended patents
to railroad companies, and their claims are
consequently swallowed up by railroad patent.
It is impossible within rho brief space of a
letter to explain the situation as it exists or to
state all the reasons why the classification
sought for should be made- We may say, how
ever, that it is a well-known fact among the
miners of California that prospecting along
methodical and scientific Hues has just begun
in California, and that it would be a severe
blow to the development of the mining indus
trg as well as a grave financial loss to the
United States to permit any considerable por
tion of the mineral lands of that State to be
patented to railroad companies.
Second— The honorable Commissioner says:
"The cost of examination and expenses in the
Idaho district was <5.2 cents (per acre, of
course), the cost in other districts (Montana)
ranging from 1.15 to 2.3 cents per acre." Just
why the classification in Califoruia should
cost 6.2 cents per acre and why Idaho should
be taken as a standard of comparison is not
clear. The contested lands in California lie
mostly in the Central Pacific and California
and Oregon grants. The unpatented lands
within these grants comprise altogether 1,331,
--404 acres, or less than 1,500,000 acres out ot
7,500.000 to be classified. A good many thou
sand acres of Central Pacific and California
and Oregon grants lie in the Sacramento Val
ley, in Butto and Tehama counties, while
other portions thereof are in barren regions of
Lasseu and Modoc counties. Less than a mil
lion acres within the two grants above men
tioned would require careful examination.
Proceeding southward through the San
Joaquin Valley and over the Tehachapi
Mountains into Southern California the work
of the Commissioners will not be difficult.
Ibis matter whs fully explained orally at a
recent meeting of your committee and need
not be repeated here. We can see no reason
why it should cost more in California than in
Montana. On the contrary the very fact, as
stated by the Commissioner, that California is
an older State and her lands better known and
understood would make the task of the Com
missioners for California easier. The evidence
of witnesses would be more easily obtained
and an examination of contested lands more
quickly made.
Third— The honorable Commissioner sug
gests the following amendment to section
3 of the bill under consideration, namely, by
adding to section 3 the following language:
"And provided further that this act shall not
apply to any Innds in which publication has
been made or been ordered made by the Gen
eral Land Office under a circular of the De
partment of the Interior, approved July 9,
1894, and that all such lands so published or
ordered to be published shall proceed to
patent under now existing regulations.
The exclusion of published lands as sug
gested by the Commissioner, while it might
save the Government the small expense of
publication already incurred, would lose to
the United States and to the miners a large
portion of the very lands sought to be saved
by the creation of the proposed commission.
It is apparent that the efficacy ef the proposed
measure would be seriously crippled if the
lands already published but not patented
were excluded from its operation. The min
eral lands within these published lands belong
to the Government and not to railroad com
panies, and the reasons that apply to the set
ting apart of mineral lands in other portions
of the railroad grants apply with equal force
to the published but unpatented lands.
Fourth— ln speaking of the recent precedure
in the land department, the Commissioner
says: "This procedure has protected the rignts
of mineral elaiments so well that no com
plaints has been made of its action by them."
Has the Commissioner fallen into an error as
to facts? The dissatisfaction with the present
procedure is strong and universal among the
miners of California. The California Miners'
Association, which is composed of leading
mining and business men of that state, ex
ponded over $5000 in the year 1895 in fruit
less efforts to prevent the patenting of mineral
lands to railroad companies. The records in
the office of the Commissioner of the General
Laud Otice have been considerably augmented
by protests, briefs, etc., proceeding from the
California Miners' Association. The associa
tion sent a personal representative to Washing
ton in the summer of 1895 to lay the above
matters before the proper officials. The fact is
the miners of California have been compelled
to ask Congress for the relief which they now
seek.
Referring to the suggestions made by the
members of your committee to the effect that
the proposed inquiry should be limited by the
exclusion of known agricultural lands, we de
sire to say that we know of no feasible way to
accomplish this ontirely desirable result. The
California Miners' Association, through its ap
propriate committees, d<scussed this very
question with a view to modifying the pro
posed bill as above suggested. They discov
ered, however, that it was impracticable to
designate a geographical boundory line that
would properly designate the lands sought to
be classified. A designation of lands by alti
tude was also found impracticable. They also
found it impossible to designate lands by coun
ties, since nearly every county affected by these
land grants lies partially in valleys and par
tially in mountains.
The people of the State of California are just
as anxious to have this work expeditiously
done as are the officers of the Government, for
until these lands are properly classified mineral
titles in California must remain in a large part
in an uncertain condition, and prospecting and
development of our mineral resources corre
spondingly retarded. We feel, however, that
we can safely assure your committee that any
commission that may be appointed by the
President will have no difficulty in segregating
ami setting apart with small expenditure of
time and money large tracts of agricultural
lands that maybe found within the railroad
land grants. The result of the consideration
of this matter by the California Miners' Asso
ciation was that the only safe and practicable
method to be employed was that adopted in
the so-called Idaho-Montana act, with wnich
act your committee is familiar, namely: The
designation of lands by land districts.
No one not familiar with the conditions in
California can appreciate the deep interest
taken in this subject, not only by those directly
interested in mining, but likewise by the peo
ple generally. The criticisms which have been
made, entirely irrespective of party, upon the
plan heretofore adopted for the issuance of
railroad patents, have been emphatic and
practically universal. The laws and regula
tions now in force are utterly ineffective, and
as far as California is concerned, we do not
hesitate to say that no interest disconnected
with a railroad company is satisfied with the
prevailing conditions. Every member of the
California delegation favors this bill, to say
nothing of the representative gentlemen from
that section who are here solely in furtherence
of its enactment. Yours, etc.
Stephen M. White, United States Senator.
George C. Perkins, United States Senator.
W, W. Bowers, Member of Congress.
Tirey L. Ford.
Representing the California Miners' Associa
tion.
The Call correspondent learned to-night
that the Senate Committee on Public
Lands expects to report the California
mineral lands bill favorably, with, the fol
lowing amendments :
First— Reducing the compensation of the
Commissioners to $10 per day, without ex
penses.
Second— Limiting the time within which
lands are to be classified to four years.
Third — Directing the Commissioners to class
ify large bodies of well-known agricultural
lands upon testimony taken and without per
sonal examination, by legal subdivisions.
This last amendment is intended to ex
pedite the work of the commission and to
enable it to more rapidly classify valley
lands, about which there is no contest.
The committee endeavored to find some
means of eliminating the valley lands of
known agricultural character, but found
ho practicable means of so doing. The
above plan of directing the Commissioners
to thus set apart undisputed agricultural
lands was at last practically agreed upon.
It is understood that Senator Berry of
Arkansas will offer the above amend
ments, and, .their adoption will remove all
further objection in the Senate and insure
executive approval.
Tirey L. Ford has wired to the secretary
of the California Miners' Association for
instruction as to the above amendments
upon the return of the bilf to the House.
If the House refuses to concur in the Sen
ate amendments a conference committee
of the two houses will finally dispose of the
matter.
LIBELED BY A CARTOON
C. L. Magee and Senator Flynn
Sue the Pittsburg Commer
cial Gazette.
Object to an Illustration in Which
JX Rays Had Exposed the
Politician's Brain.
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 11.-C. L. Ma-
Bee of the Pittsburg Times and State
Senator William Flynn entered suit before
Alderman McMasters to-day against the
Pittsburg Commercial Gazette for criminal
ibel. The information against thetrazette
alleges that that paper published a false
and defamatory article, which stated that
Magee and Flynn had entered into a deal
with Mark Hanna, the Cleveland million
aire, to boom McKinley for President, and
had received $150,000 for so doing.
Mr. Flynn's action against the Press is
based on the publication of a cut, in which
X-rays turned on his brain showed a bag
of money labeled "McKinley Campaign
Funds," and some having blocks marked
"Popularity."
The time for the hearing of the cases
has not been set. Civil action, claiming
$100,000 damage s in each case, will follow
to-morrow.
STRUCK BY A TRAIN.
Coachman and Two Children of a Chi-
ragoan Killed.
CHICAGO, 111., Marcn 11.— While the
three children of Willis L. Blackman, a
prominent Board of Trade operator, were
returning home in a carriage from a party
last night the carriage was struck by a
Burlington train at the railroad crossing
in Hinsdale and the coachman, Samuel
Rußsell, and two of the children — Carlos
H. BlacKman, 8 years old, and Willis L.
Blackman Jr., 16 years old— were killed.
Marguerite Blackraan, 10 years old, the
remaining child, was seriously injured,
her right leg being broken and her body
badly bruised.
When the carriage reached the crossing
the gates were not down and there was no
sign of the approaching train. The coach
was smashed into kindling-wood and scat
tered for hfty yards along the track. Both
of the horses were also killed.
KENRICK'S JtOnr INTERRED.
Archbishop Knine of St. l.oiiin the Cele
brant of Iteqtlieui Mans.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 11.— The funeral
of Archbishop Kenrick took place this
morning, the services being held in the old
Walnut-street Cathedral. The interment
was at Calvary Cemetery.
The doors of the cathedral were thrown
open, and within ten minutes the church,
which seats but <SOO, held a congregation
of nearly twice that number. In the ca
thedral Cardinal Gibbons occupied the
throne on the epistle side of the altar and
Archbishop Ryan was seated on the oppo
site side.
Archbiihop Kaine of the St. Louis dio
cese was the celebrant of requiem mass,
assisted by Rev. Father William VValsh.
At the close of the mass Archbishop Ryan
•of Philadelphia, an intimate friend of de
ceased for over a score of years, delivered
the funeral sermon.
Cowen Succeed* Mayer.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— At to
day's meeting of the board of directors of
the Western Union Telegraph Company
the resignation of Charles F. Mayer, late
president of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail
road Company, as a director of the tele
pram company was accepted and John K.
Cowen, the new president of the Balti
more and Ohio Railroad Company, was
elected in his place.
Greater Mew Tork Hill raited.
ALBANY, N. V., March 11.— Lexow's
greater New York bill passed the Senate
this afternoon by a vote of 38 ft) 8. The
bill was not amended to-day and now goes
to the Assembly for concurrence.
A POLICE RAID
SAVES H`AULIFFE
Lavigne Has the Champion
at His Mercy in the
Sixth Round.
THE FIGHT IS STOPPED.
Officers Clamber Into the Roped
Arena and Prevent a
Knockout.
SHOET BUT LIVELY BATTLE.
McAuliffe's Poor Form Tells Against
Him After the Third
Bout.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— After a
long absence from the roped arena Jack
McAuliffe appeared to-night in a six-round
bout with "Kid" Lavigne at Madison
square Garden. At times the light-weight
champion showed some of his old-time
quickness and cleverness, but he was in no
condition to antagonize the "Kid," who
had the best of the argument. McAuliffe's
poor condition told on him fast and he
was nearly out when the police stopped
the bout.
Owing to the action of the authorities no
referee was appointed and the men
sparred for a popular verdict. McAuliffe
held a warm place in the hearts of the
spectators because of his previous reputa
tion, but there was only one verdict possi
ble, and that was in Lavigne's favor. Fully
3000 persons witnessed the bout.
After the contest McAuliffe challenged
Lavigne to a finish fight within ten weeks,
and negotiations are pending.
Round I— McAuliffe was the first to land
with the left and followed up with the
right on the ribs. Lavigne came back and
swung right and left on McAuliffe's head.
The Kid led with the left and caught Jack
on the ear. A moment later the Kid got
right and left from Jack. The righting was
very fast and McAuliffe showed almost his
old-time speed. Lavigne rushed just be
fore time was called aud caught Jack's left
flush in the face.
Round i — McAuliffe shot his ieft into the
Kid's face. The Kid followed up, but was
shoved back on to the ropes. The Kid
sent his left on Jack's nose. Jack tried to
rush, and took another left hander on the
face. McAuliffe was short, and the Kid
crossed the right on the neck, and followed
up on the ribs. A moment after the Kid
put his right on Jack's ribs. The round
ended with the two close together, doing
some hard and fast in-fighting. Lavigne
showed to good advantage. Jack was evi
dently not the McAuliffe of old.
Round 3 — Jack led, but the Kid
ducked and evaded. He swung his left,
but the Kid parried neatly. Jack essayed
another lead, but the Kid again ducked.
Jack swung a hard left on the ear, which
straightened the Kid for a second. Jack
seemed to be tiring a little.
Round 4 — McAuliffe rushed at his man
and put the left lightly on the face. Jack
swung richt and left lightly on the Kid's
face. Lavigne rushed in and Jack caught
him and swung the left on the jaw. Jack
broke away from Lavigne's leads. The
Kid kept after him and rushed him to his
corner. So far it was Lavigne's fight.
Round s—Jack5 — Jack led with his left, but was
short. The "Kid" followed Jack into his
corner and landed a left swing on the face.
They clinched, and after breaking away
the "Kid" put both hands hard on the
body. Jack broke ground and the "Kid"
went after him and planted his left
straight on the face.
Round 6— They started at a hot pace.
Lavigne rushed and Jack swung a hard
right on the ribs. They indulged in some
NEW TO-DAY. % "
"SLOANE'S"
FURNITURE
OF ALL KINDS
"WE OFFER,
AT
MARKED REDUCTIONS
OUR COMPLETE STOCK,
Comprising the Latest and Choicest Designs in all the Popular
; Woods, of the Best Workmanship and Finest Finish.
FOR EXAMPLE WE MENTION :
SOLID MAHOGANY, HANDSOMELY POLISHED BEDROOM
5ET5... ..:................ $130 00-Former Price $185 00
HANDSOME CHIFFONIERS, in different woods—.. ............
... ..;;.:..........:.-....;.:.:;;........... $22 00— Former Price $30 00
HAND-POLISHED, QUARTER-SAWED OAK SIDEBOARDS..
..;.%.;..... ..v......:.J...................;.....535 00— Former Price $48 00
HANDSOME HATRACKS $25 00-Former Price $32 50
CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
Brussels Irish Point and Nottingham Lace Curtains in odd lots,
to close at unusually Low Figures. '
■ R,£rGrS- ';- "
1500. siz3 30x60 inches, Smyrna Rues at $3 75-to close at...
$2 10 each
1500, size 36x72 inches, Smyrna Rug^ at $5 50— to close .......... .•
..:.........!.....: ............................at $2 90 each
A lot of made-up Remnant Rues at Half ReeularlValues
f 500 Hassocks, regular price $1 25, to close at .......50 cents each
THE CELEBRATED i
NAIRN LINOLEUM.
ARTISTIC! SANITARY! DURABLE I
Best Floor Covering made ..;...■...... •• •• v
"\ ......400 per square yard laid, and upward
Special Reductions in All Departments.
An inspection is necessary to convey any idea of the excellent
. values we are now offering. • ..*' . . ..%•
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, FURNITURE,
UPHOLSTERY. '
641-647 MARKET STREET, S. F.
in-fighting. Both were trying to force the
fighting. Jack was tired and the "Kid
jabbed him on the face and body, Mc-
Auliffe being caught several hard punches
from Lavigne. Both were righting
viciously when the police clambored
through the ropes and stopped the fight.
Corbett Sign* Articles.
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 11.— James J.
Corbett to-day signed the articles of agree
ment forwarded by the National Sporting
Club of London to fight Robert Fitzsim
mons before that organization next June
for a purse of $10,000, trie winner to take
all the money. Each man is allowed $500
for expenses, provide his own gloves and
fight under the Marquis of Queensbury
rules. The articles will now go to Fitz
siinrnons.
John S. Hoey Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.-John 8.
Hoey, the well-known sportsman and ref
eree, died at Long Branch this afternoon
of heart trouble, following a severe attack
of the grip.
-■ ■ - ■ . ■
DUCK-HUM TISG AGAIN.
President Cleveland and Party Sail on
the Maple.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 11.—
President Cleveland sailed away from
Washington to-night at 11 o'clock on
another of his duck-hunting trips. His
destination is Widewater, Va., about
forty miles down the Potomac, where
Colonel Richard Waller has several
ducking-blinds. As usual the lightiiouse
tender Maple conveyed the party, which
consisted of Mr. Cleveland, Commander
Lamberton of the navy, who is the light
house inspector for the Potomac River
district, and Dr. Reilly of the army, the
President's physician.
The President and his friends arrived at
the Washington and Norfolk steamboat
wharf at 11 o'clock in the White House
carriage. Immediately after they went on
board the Maple the lines were cast off and
the little vessel steamed down the river.
The weather is of the kind that is sup
posed to delight the duck-hunters' heart,
and the snow had just ceased falling when
the Maple started. The party will prob
ably return to-morrow.
BRITISH COLUMBIA GOLD.
Explorations of Mining Country to Jit
Made by an Expert.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., March 11.—
Frank T. Nason, a young Rutger's College
professor, left to-day to explore the gold
fields of British Columbia. He goes "as
the manager and engineer of a gold-min
ing company which has been formed by
local men. They have put $100,000 into it
on the basis ol discoveries made by Nason,
when he prospected last May in the
vicinity of the Big Bend River in British,
Columbia.
Professor Nason says he has struck a
claim which will assay $224 a ton. The
engineering will be done by hydraulics.
Freight for the enterprise has been already
sent.
XO TROUBLE IX A A II.
Departure of British Cruisers Believed
to Have So Significance.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— A Sun
special from Washington says: The latest
reports from Hawaii received here by
Minister Hastings and the State Depart
ment give no intimation of any troubles in
1 the islands, and it is not believed that the
I reported departure of the British ships
from Vancouver for Honolulu has any
I connection with the political conditions
there.
The United States ship Bennington,
which baa been there for several we^»ks, is
soon to be relieved by the Adaiv?^, now ten
days out froni San Francisco. x^\st even
ing it was said at the Naval Department
thnt the administration has no intention
of increasing its naval representations.
Travels of a Boy Tramp.
LACOX, 111., Marcn 11.— George Hai>
rold, the boy tramp, on his trip from Oak
land, Cal., to New York, reached hera
yesterday, having completed 5100 miles.
He gets his twenty-fifth pair of shoes at
Peoria to-morrow. He is in good health,
has $180 more than his wager calls for and
is ahead of time. Harrold wears a coat ol
Carter Harrison's, John Wanamaker's
trousers and Governor Morton's vest, and.
carries a Danish valise.
Satolli at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., March 11.— Cardinal
Satolli arrived in this city from Omaha at
9:45 o'clock this mornine. He was met at
the Union depot by Fathers Thone, Mare
chini and De Baldi, of the Italian church,
and escorted to their parish residence.ARMS FOR THE
CUBAN REBELS
An Expedition Ready to
Sail From American
Waters.
NOT HEADED BY GARCIA
The Veteran Blamed for the
Failure of Former Filibus
tering Schemes.
A BATTLE AT MONTEGUELO.
Insurgents Reported to Have Been
Defeated in a Five-Hour
Engagement.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 11.—Al
thoueh the report that another big fili
bustering expedition is ready to start for
Cuba could not be confirmed here to-day
with any degree of positiveness, enough
was gathered from different sources to put
the rumor on a pretty solid foundation.
It is said that the steamer which will take
the expedition is ready to sail at any. mo
ment, and it is possible that the men and
arms and ammunition which will form
the vessel's cargo are even now waiting
for the ship at some point on the New
Jersey coast. When the steamer arrives
off this point she will probably lie outside
the three-mile limit and the men and
arms will be taken aboard in boats. If
the expedition was to have started to
night, as rumored, it is likely that the
prevailing gale may delay tne departure.
On one point only would the local Cuban
leaders talk. They assert positively that
General Caliito Garcia will head no more
expeditions. While crediting General
Garcia with all loyalty to the Cuban
cause they say he is not circumspect
enough, and that he was mainly responsi
ble for the failure ol the expeditions that
came to grief under his leadership.
JtEBEIj FViiVES USITE.
Gathering year Havana to Strike a De
cisive Itlote.
HAVANA., CUBA, March 11, via Key
West, March 11.— Gomez, Maceo, Lacret
and other leaders have united just east
of the Havana line near Nueva Paz. It
is supoosed their intention is to return to
this province. The Spanish troops have
recently made several combinations for the
purpose of crushing Maceo and Gomez
separately, but all failed.
There is considerable uneasiness in offi
cial circles in regard to the move
ments of tne rebel forces. Taken
in connection with rumors that the
main portion of Callaho's expedition
has landed with ammunition and
also that others have just landed, it may
mean that the rebels want to be prepared
to strikegCm effective blow. The news of
tiic lirs/ potion by Congress has already
reached *the rebel camps. The union of
forces aggregating 15,000 may be the result.
All the recent encounters with Somez
and Maceo were nothing but outpost
fights, and the losses were trif
ling on both sides. It is now
learned that the attack upon Sagua
tie Tamino reported as a Government vie
; ry resulted in the rebels capturing the
town and using cannon in the bombard
ment. The insnrgents in this province
also have several field guns, supposed to
have been taken from Spanish troops.
Domingo Betarte, owner of the Oyalite
estate, has filed a claim with the French
consul for the destruction of property by
Spanish troops, and also for insult to the
trench flag. Manager Duarte being shot
while raising the flag. The consul ha 3 ca
bled details to Pans.
Refugees from the interior continue io
arrive. They report great destruction in
all districts. The operations of both
armies have impoverished the country.
The stoppage of cutting and grinding cane
and shipment of other crops is reducing
the peaceable inhabitants to a deplorable
condition.
The Government proclamation declar
ing property absentees liable to confisca
tion is denounced. No one has yet been
banished for the Guatao horror. The
fifteen peaceable citizens taken from their
homes there will remain in Morro Castle.
There is one American among them,
and nearly a dozen American citizens
languish in Spanish dungeons, with no
prospect of an early trial and release, al
though in moft cases there is no evidence
of guilt.
rOVGHT IOU FIVE HOURS.
Reported Itefeat of the Insurgents Under
Oliva and Hernandez.
[ From ft Staff Correspondent of the United Press. J
HAVANA, Cuba, March 11.— Bands of
insurgents, under the leaders Oliva and
Hernandez, are reported to have had an
engagement which lasted live hours with
Spanish troops at Monteguelo, near ICan
tau, in the western province. The battie
resulted in the defeat of the rebels. The
(iovernment troops are said to have rive
wounded, while the rebels lost sixteen
killed. The town of MontegueJo was com
pletely destroyed by fire, started by the in
surgents.
The towns of Macagua in the province
of tfJttanzu and Pilotas in the western
province were attacked also and partially
burned.
The American citizen, Walter Grant Dy
gart, regarding whose arrest and imprison
ment United States Cbnsul-General Wii-
Jiams r< quested the authorities to make a
report, has been confined in the jail at
Guines for about three week 3. He is ac
cused of being El Ingelcito, one of the in
surgent leaders. J. Frank Clark.
I>E LOME'S OFFEXBE.
railed to Profit by the Experience of Bin
I>redrcessor. :
NEW YORK. N. V., March 11.— A Sun
special from Washington says: ft is under
stood that Senor ' Dupuy de Lome, the
Spanish Minister, is surprised at the severe
criticisms passed on him by the Senate for
his criticism in a newspaper article of the
f-peeches of certain Senators on t: c Cuban
question. The Minister and Senator Hale
and others who defended his conduct ap
parently forgot the circumstances under
which he was appointed to his office.
In the Senate debate yesterday no ref
erence was made to the fact that Dupuy
de Lome's predecessor, Senor Murugua,,
was recalled by his Government a little
less than a year ago for hai'inir talked too
freely to -the newspapers; regarding the
dispute between the United States and
Spain over the Allianca affair. Senor
Murugua did not commit so great an
offense as to criticize speeches of Senators,
but merely cast reflections on certain
phases of the controversy, the actions of
State Department officials and others. He
was recalled by his Government. Senor
Dupuy de Lome, his successor, seems to be
guilty of similar offenses, although he does
not appear to realize the danger of suffer
ing the same punishment.
FILIBUSTERS ARRAIGNED.
Revolutionist* Seized on the Bermuda
Plead .\ot Guilty.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.—
General Calixto Garcia, Car-tain Law
rence W. Brabazon, Captain Samuel
Hughes, B. G. Guerra and Bernardo J.
Bueno, the alleged Cuban revolutionists
arrested in connection with the seizure of
the steamer Bermuda, were arraigned be
fore Judge Benedict in the United States
Circit Court (criminal branch) to-day and
after pleading not guilty their bail, which
had been fixed at $1500 each, was increased
to $2500. March 23 was set as tne day for
trial.
John D. Hart, accused of violation of the
neutrality laws, was also arraigned and he,
in common with the others, pleaded not
guilty and was required to furnish ?2500
bail. Thomas Nelson, chief engineer;
James Howden, second engineer; and G.
C. Taylor, steward of the Bermuda, who
were witnesses before the Grand Jury,
were retained under $500 bail each to appear
at the trial.
Shortly before 5 o'clock this afternoon
the full amount of bail demanded for the
several prisoners was furnished in cash
and tney were discharged, their bail bonds
holding good until the second Wednesday
in May.
WAR STORES ARRiyJB.
Artna and Money for the Spanish Troop*
on the Island.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 4 (via Tampa,
Fla., March 11).— The English ship Cayo
Blanco, from Antwerp, arrived this morn
ing. She is consigned to the Government,
and has a full cargo of war stores. The
trans-Atlantic Spanish steamship Alfonso
XII arrived here yesterday.
In addition to a large supply of war
stores, she brought 351 cases containing
$1,000,000 in silver for paying the troops.
The steamship Cataluna has landed 330
cases of Spanish silver, valued at $1,000,000.
The death of the rebel leader, Regino
Alfonso, was confirmed yesterday. For a
long time he led a band in the jurisdiction
of Colon and Cardenas. He was a com
panion of Madruga and Matagas, the lat
ter recently shot. They knew every inch
of that part of Cuba.
sjpain cjunrox wix.
Editor Dana's Views on the Inturree-
tion in Cuba.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., March 11.— Charles
A. Dana, editor of the New York Sun, who
lectured here last night, was entertained
to-day by Professor Marsh of Yale and
Judge Lynde Harrison. He left this after
noon. He said in an interview on the
Cuban situation :
"I regard it as favorable to the Cubans.
Spain is about to the end of its resources.
It cannot send over another army. This
one is going to succumb to fever and dis
ease. The Cubans are in possession of the
larger part of the island."
"What about General Weyler?"
"From a military standpoint he is not
as pood a general as his predecessor,
Martinez Campos."
BMB Lying at Charleston.
CHAKLESTON, S. C, March 11.— The
alleged filibuster Commodore remained in
the harbor all day, fearing to put to sea
on account of the heavy gales. She is a
very small steamer and would have had a
very rough time outside. Her officers and
crew remained aboard of her all day. She
has a pilot and will go out as soon as the
weather improves, possibly early to-mor
row morning.
CANADIAN REVOLT URGED
The Dominion Republican Com
mittee Issues a Stirring
Manifesto.
Declares the Time Has Come to
Change to an Independent
Repoblic.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 11.— A Times
special from Toronto, Ontario, The
Canadian Republican Committee has
issued a manifesto addressed to the Cana
dian people and declaring that the time
has come to change from a colonial de
pendency to a free, prosperous and inde
pendent Canadian republic. Thousands
of copies, printed in French and English,
have been distributed from this city.
"We are to-day governed," declares the
manifesto, "not in the interest of our
selves—the people of Canada — but in the
interests of and by an oligarchy composed
of corrupt and needy politicians and
place-hunters in Canada and usurers and
bondholders in England. We are, as you
know only too well, eaten up by taxes, the
greater part of which goes to maintain
and strengthen the position of these para
sites.
'It is estimated tnat every year Canada
has to send out of the country to England
not less than about $30,000,000 to pay the
interest on Government Joans, bonds and
mortgages, debentures. This money comes
out of the earnings of a hard-working and
industrious people. We are in slavery to
these politician* and usurers."
After declaring that an attempt is being
made to draw the dominion into a scheme
of imperial federation with the object of
compelling Canadians to fight England's
foreign wars the manifesto concludes:
''England has by means of titles, decora
tions and other «ways, bought over and
corrupted numbers of our political men,
members of the judicature and many
ottiers to serve her purpose. These men
are England's servants and not the ser
vants of the people of Canada. It is to
these that we owe that we are oppressed
with debt and taxation and that hundreds
of thousands of our people have to ex
patriate themselves in order to find a
living denied them orrendered impossible
on ttieir own soil.
"It is time that we freed ourselves and
declared that henceforth Canada and
Canadians should no longer remain vassals
of an alien Government. The monarchical
form of Government has no place on
American soil. It is only as a free and In
dependent republic that Canada can enjoy
her political freedom and deliver herself
from her present condition of vassalage
and subjection."
The manifesto has created great excite
msnt.
iifrmnny'a Huanr Tar.
BERLIN, Germany. March 11. — The
Reichstag committee to which the Govern
ment's sugar bill was referred signified its
approval to-day of the proposal made by
Herr yon Puttkamer, fixing the annual
limit of the total tax on sugar production
at 17,000.000 double quintals. All of the
other proposed amendments to the original
bill were rejected by the committee. The
vote on Herr yon Puttsamer's amendment
was 13 to 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
LIVELY CONTEST
AT SANTA ROSA
Who Shall Be Queen of the
Great Rose Car
nival?
MANY NEW CANDIDATES
Miss Alice Bumbaugh Leads,
With Miss Florence Rutledge
a Close Second.
HEALDSBURG IN THE STRUGGLE
Subscriptions Pouring In— Numerous
Prizes and Novel Features
Promised.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 11.— The in
terest taken in the contest for queen of the
coming rose carnival is greatly increased
10-day. Many new candidates are in the
held and most of the votes cast this after
noon were for the newcomers. It is ru
mored that Miss Alice Humbaugh is lead
ing to-night, with Miss Florence Rutledge
a close second.
The friends of Miss Annie Koch are ral-
MISS ISABEL DONOVAN, TIIE QUEER OF SANTA ROSA'S CARNIVAL LAST YEAR.
lying, however, and one admirer of this
beautiful native daughter was seen drop
ping votes in the box to-night in blocks of
five and more. Some of the young ladies
are very mnch averse to the notoriety <>f
such a contest, but realize that it is help
ing the festival financially and tike duti
ful candidates "are still in the hands of
their friends."
Healdsburg will have one of her fairest
daughters in the fight and delegates from
the northern end of the county are now
caucusing for a probable winner, so as not
to scatter their votes.
Miss Isabel Donovan, who carried off
the honors last year, is chairman of the
carriage co"mmittee and has also been se
lected as one of the ladies to assist in
softening the hearts of the Board of Super
visors on the question of appropriate dec
orations for the courthouse.
Miss Nettie Royal, who was queen of the
carnival two years ajro, is also taking an
active interest in the success of the enter
tainment, though neither of these young
ladies wilt allow her name to be used as a
candidate for a second term.
The financial committee report remark
able success in obtaining subscriptions
and a lack of money will not hamper the
enterprise. One thousand dollars will be
set apart for music and forty cash prizes,
ranging from $5 to $-5, will be offered for
the best decorations in the carriage parade.
The prizes for the bicycle parade have not
been agreed upon yet.
George F. King, chairman of the hall
committee, is making arrangements for a
game of living whist to be played at the
floral ball.
An important meet'ng of the directors
will be held to-morrow night, when the
question of what music will be engaged
will be decided.
NOTES FROM PALO ALTO
The Glee and Mandolin Clubs
Are Preparing for an
Extended Tour.
A Wag Hoaxes One of San Francisco's
Dailies— Basket-Bail for
Ladies Only.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal.,
March 11. — The glee and mandolin clubs
of Stanford are preparing for a long tour
during the spring vacation beginning on
March 20. Both organizations are in bet
ter condition for such an undertaking than
they have ever been before, and, as it is
the first time in her history that the uni
versity has sent out on a Ion;' trip her two
popular musical clubs, the undertaking
will be watched with no little interest. A
forerunner has been sent out to engage
houses, and the clubs will give entertain
ments in Oakland, San Jose, Stockton,
Modesto, Los Angeles, San Diego and
other Southern California cities. The glee
club is well litted with soloists Ihifl season.
Field, Baker, Dillon and Abbott are a
quartet of the best soloists Stanford has
ever had. The chorus is strong, and since
Pasmore, the musical instructor, began his
work here, is much more artistic in its ex
ecution.
A concert is to be given about Thursday
week in San Francisco, and special effort
is being made by the musical talent to ren
der an interesting programme.
There is a ripple of amusement among
students here at the information in a Palo
Alto dispatch to a San Francisco daily,
which gave a startling account of an al
leged injury to coach Lange. The article
stated that he had been hit with a ball so
severely as to break his ankle, all of which
was the veriest lictiou. How the idea
originated is a mystery, but that it should
have been given a half-column space by a
correspondent is stranger still. Lange has
been receiving the condolences of his
friends all <lay over his reported accident.
Miss Keifer, manager of the Stanford
baaket-ball team, has posted the following
answer to the Berkeley girls' acceptance of
the Stunford challenge:
Miss Edith J. Browns rll, Manager University
of ■ California Vajkct-ball Team: In reply to
your acceptance of our challenge dated March
5. 1 would say that we are perfectly willing to
play indoors and prefer to play before ladies
only. On account of the liability to accident
we prefer a dirt or tatibark floor to a wooden
one.
We are compelled to ask you to reconsider
the date of the game, since our spring vacation
occurs between Mari-h '21 and 30, and several
members ni the team have arranged to go home
at that time. We would find it most con
venient to have the date set not earlier than
April 3.
We wilj be glad to fend a representative to
confer with you in regard to the details of the
game on any date you may mention. Very
respectfully yours, Miss Keifer, Manager.
XORTHERX CALIFORNIA. TRADE.
Movement to Divert It from Portland to
San Francisco.
PORTLAND, Or., March 11.— The O. R.
& N. Company is cons.derably concerned
over the announcement made this morn
ing that San Francisco commercial or
ganizations intend to request it and the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company to with
draw their service between Portland and
Eureka and intermediate points in the
interest of San Francisco's trade.
As far as the O. R. & N. people are con
cerned their position was made clear to
day when they announced that they did
not intend to relinquish anything in the
shape of business at that port as lone as
they could bold it without antagonizing
their interests in the Bay City. It means
that company will not concede a single
point until it is driven into it. It is stated
that a good trade is being worked up on
the new line and the company feels that it
is justified in taking its share of the freight
business at Eur.-ka. The request is not
likely to receive much attention, unless it
is accompanied by serious threats in the
nature of a combine against the Oregon
company.
SANTA BARBARA AFFAIRS
A Feud Which Promised a
Tragical Ending Is Amica
bly Settled.
The Cold Stream Canyon Water
Rights Case Attracting Much
Attention.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., March 11.—
An unexpected turn to the proceedings
which were attracting wide interest to-day
occurred in Justice Crane's court at the
preliminary examination of Mort Kilcore,
charged with assault with intent to mur
der committed upon the person of young
Constable Clarence Kelton last Friday.
An old friend of Kilgore, Thomas Hol
loway of Dagerett.San Bernardino County,
appeared and offered to take Kilgore with
him to Daggett, where he is interested in
an extensive irrigation enterprise, and will
give him a comfortabie home and occupa
tion where he is able to work. Kelton
generously consented to permit the prose
cution to be indefinitely postponed. His
bondsmen withdrew and Kilgore was per
mitted to depart on his o»'n recognizance,
leaving on the evening train.
This peaceable settlement of a feud
whicn promised a tragical ending is hailed
with satisfaction here, where the Keltons
are generally recognized as law-abiding
citizens of good reputation and as brave
and efficient officers.
WATER JUOH7S COy'TEST.
Suit to Quiet Title Against the Gould
Company.
SANTA BARBARA, .Cal., March 11.—
James L. Barker to-day carried -the war
'into Morocco in the case of the much-con
tested water rights in Cold Stream Canyon,
Montecito, by bringing; suit to quiet title
against George 11. Gould ct al., the latter
coristitutine a company which has for years
claimed all the water developed in this
canyon and along the line of the stream
bearing ; it-* name. As Mr. ■ Barker, has ?a •
tunnel in the vicinity which has already,
developed a dozen miners' inches, a supply
which he is offering to sell to the city at a
very reasonable figure, and as the city it
selt is prospecting for water in the same
canyon, the progress of; this suit will be
watched with much interest by the people
of the town and valley, v
FORT WASHAKIE TRAOEHY.
A Shot/ion* indian Fatally Shot and
Hit Squaw Kidnaped.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., March 11.— Two
halt-breeds, William Lamoreux anu Calvin
O Neil!, with two men, shot a Sboshone
Indian on the reservation near Fort
WashaUai Sunday, fatally wounding him.
The party then started for the Crow
agency in Montana, taking with them by
force the squaw of the man they had
killed. The Montana police to-day
captured one of the party and recovered
the woman. The policfe are still in pursuit
of the others and their capture is certain.
Victoria Arrives at Sice.
NICE, Italy, March 11.— Queen Victoria
arrived here this afternoon.
CHAMBERS CAUGHT
NEAR WOODLAND
One of the Most Desperate
Criminals in the
Country.
OFFICERS GET THE DROP
When Arrested He Was Engaged
in Carpentering in a
Vineyard.
LETTER TO DETECTIVE HUME.
Maintains a Sullen Reticence, Except
to Claim He Is Not the Man
Wanted.
WOODLAND, Cal., March 11.— Charles
Chambers, alias Lamont, whom Wells,
Fargo & Co. regard as one of the most
desperate criminals, was arrested near
Woodland this afternoon by Sheriff Grif
fin and Deputies Brown and Hughes.
Chamber is wanted for nearly everything
in the category of crime, from stage-rob
bery committed in Alturas County, Idaho,
to attempted murder at Benicia in this
State.
Owing to the desperate character of the
man every precaution possible was taken
to-day to prevent his escape. When ar
rested he was busily engaged in carpenter
ing at the Edgington vineyard and did
not notice the approach of the officers un
til startled by the command, "Throw up
your hands."
Turning suddenly from his work, and
with a hammer in his uplifted right hand,
be assumed a threatening attitude, but it
was only for a second, when he realized
that escape was hopeless and allowed the
hammer to fall to the ground with the re
mark: "Well, gentlemen, what is this all
about?" But before receiving an answer
to his question he continued, "I guess I
know, but I am not the man you want."
On the Ist of March Chambers was
released from San Quentin, his twenty
vear term, less credits, at that place hav
ing expired. He went directly to Sacra
mento and thence to this City, where he
has been since March 7. His arrest was
due to the following letter, written to
Detective J. B. Hume;
Woodland, March 8, 1896.
Mr. J. B. Hume, San Francisco: No doubt
you will be surprised to hear from me, but cir
cumstances alter cases a good many times, so
I thought 1 would let you know where I am.
I am working for Mr. G. Edgington for 50 cunts
a day and board myself, so you see
I can't make much money. I thought you
could help me until I can set something to do,
so will a.«k you to do one of three things. You
can send me a few dollars, or you can pay my j
way to St. Louis, Mo., or you can give me em- i
ployment. I can't compel you to do this, but
I will not go hungry iv a land of plenty. lam
known here by the name of Charles Lamont,
so you can address me that way. Yours sin
cerely, Charles Chambers.
Upon receipt of the letter Hume tele
graphed Governor McConnell of Idaho,
who immediately wired Sheriff Griffin as
follows:
Boise City, Idnho, March 11.
Sheriff Griffin: If Charles Chambers, escaped
convict from our penitentiary, is in California,
cause his immediate arrest. >'otily me, so that
1 may send ar. officer.
W. J. McConnell, Governor of Idaho.
An hour after the receipt of the fore
going the following was received :
San Franctsco, March 11.
Sheriff Griffin : Have Chambers arrested at
once. Idaho new.spp.pers have bis whereabouts
and he may be informed and escape.
J. B. Hume, per Governor McConnell.
In 1881 Chambers was convicted in Al
turas County, Idaho, of stage robbery and
sentenced to a term of nine years. A short
time after his incarceration he escaped,
but was recaptured by United States Mar
shal Boblin in Idaho. His second and
successful escaps was made i?i March. 1883.
He came to California and committed a
number of robberies, and was captured at
Bcnioia in August, 18S<>, after wounding
three of his captors. He was sentenced to
a term of twenty years in San Quentin.
The otliciuls followed Chambers into the
postofiice last night and heard the prisoner
inquire and saw him receive a letter
through the open window. This letter
was from Hume. The arrest would have
been made then had the instructions from
Governor McConnell been received. From
the pvstoflice Chambers was shadowed to
the place where the arrest was made.
Chambers acknowledged to Under Sheriff
Brown that he was released from San
Quentin on March 1.
At the jail the prisoner refused to be led
into a conversation, and to all questions
propounded, answered : "I have nothing to
say." The following telegram was received
from Hume, when apprised of the arrest:
San Francisco, March 11—3:30 r. m.
G. W. Griffin, Sheriff, Woodland, Cal.: Have
telegraphed Governor McConnell of the arrest
arid suggested that he communicate with you.
Hold Chambers at all hazards. He is bad.
J. B. Hume.
SEWAGE IN THE RIVERS.
American and Sacramento Choked
With Filth From Towns
Along Their Banks.
Alarming Conditions Reported by Mem
bers of the State Board of
Health.
CHICO, Cal., March 11.— Dr. J. R. Lame
of Sacramento, secretary of the State
Board of Health, and Dr. C. A. Ruggles of
Stockton, arrived in Chico this morning,
investigating the sewage question at Red
Bluff and Kedding and Chico. To a Call
correspondent Dr. Ruegles said there had
been much complaint by the residents of
Sacramento of sewage being dumped into
the Sacramento River, thereby making it
more unfit than naturally for drinking
purpose.
"What started the complaint, and caused
us to decide to look into the question,"
paid the doctor, "was the discovery
that the entire sewage of i'olsom prison
was run into the American River, and con
veyed clown that stream to Sacramento.
When the Board of Health investigated,
the defense was made that Redding, Red
Bluff, Marysville and other cities dumped
their sewage into the Sacramento River,
and the Folsom people did not see why
they should be prohibited from doing the
same. At Red Bluff, one of the prettiest
spots in the State, there is a bad state of
affairs. There are only five or six blocks
sewered at all, and the vile stuff is all
dumped into the Sacramento River."
Dr. Ruggles inquired about the sewage
of Chico. and when told that everything
was carted off in excavators he \yaa sur
prised, and said : "You are far behind the
times. A city like Chico, with such im
portance, should have one of the best
systems in the State. Sewerage is of vast
importance, and the sooner your city
recognizes that fact the better for you all. 1 '
During the conversation Dr. Lame gave
some interesting facts regarding the bene
fit of sewerage. The physicians visited the
normal school, and were well pleased with
the sanitary conditions. They will go to
Marysville to-night.
TRAGEDY AT HEDGES.
One Mexican Kills A nothrr in a Quarrel
Over a Woman,
SAN DIEGO, Cal., March 11.— A special
from Hedges, a mining camp on the desert
near Ogilby Station, gives some particulars
of the shooting of a Mexican miner there
Monday night. It says:
The scene of the shooting is Sam Wil
son's saloon and a house of prostitution,
where H. Randolph not long since shot
and killed two brothers named Gonzale3.
A Mexican gambler named W, Serrano
and another Mexican named Carabojoles
qnareled over one of the women, and Ser
rano shot the other man twice, once in the
groin and the other a Mesh wound, near
the abdomen. The wounded man is fa
tally shot.
The gambler, Serrano, immediately
skipped out to parts unknown and
a warrant has been issued by the
Justice here for his arrest. This
feilo.v Serrano is from Colton, or
near there, and is one of the hangers-on at
the Wilson dive. This resort and two
others of similar character were licensed by
the Board of Supervisors of San Diego
County.
There are now five of these saloon dives
surrounding the village and mining camp
of Hedges. These saloons are not all li
censed, but the parties running them feel
sure that they have only to apply for li
cense to get it.
The Board of Supervisors of this county
have been repeatedly urged to be more
strict in the granting of liquor licenses in
such camps and in the punishment of
saloon-keepers doing business without a
license. The population there is rough
and full of fight, and the peace officers are
few.
District Attorney Sweet and Supervisor
Jasper will go there next week and will
try to straighten out matters a little.
MARYSVILLE IN MOURNING
Funeral of Ex-Mayor Norman
Rideout, Killed at the Ma
galia Mine.
Public Buildings Closed During the
Day and Business Generally
Suspended.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., March 11.-The
funeral of ex-Mayor Norman Rideout, who
was accidentally killed at the Magalia
mine, near Oroville, last Sunday, took
place here to-day.
The manner of the young man's death
and the sincere esteem in which he was
held by all who knew mm contributed in
making the day one of sorrow and ex
pressed regret by the wholt* community.
All of the public buildings were closed
during the dajr, and business was generally
suspended throughout the city. The ser
vices were held at the Presbyterian church,
which was crowded to the doors, while the
streets in the neighborhood were lined
with ppople who failed to secure ad
mittance.
The ceremony was conducted by the
pastor. Rev. J. \V. Lundy, who delivered
a brief and touching eulogy* At the re
quest of the family the services were very
short.
The cortege was one of the longest ever
witnessed in this city, many people being
present from the surrounding country and
following the body to the craye. The in
terment was made temporarily in the J. B.
McDonald vault at the city cemetery*
Quite a number of prominent people and
friends of the family of deceased were
present from a distance, those noted from
San Francisco being Captain B. N. Ride
out, J. R. Rideout. Homer A. Crnig, Wil
liam Steel, Daniel T. Cole and H. B. Sie
burt.
REjCORD-ItREAKiyG BURGLAR.
Confesses to Having Performed Three
Job* in Sir Hours.
. SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 11.— A
search of the Sweeney residence, in which
Police Sergeant James Plunketc and Patrol
driver Fitzgerald captured the burglar
yesterday afternoon, has resulted in the
discovery of several razors, a 'pistol and
some jewelry, which had. been stolen by
Hart in previous /burglaries of the pre
ceding day, and which he had carefully
yet hurriedly secreted when he found
capture was unavoidable.
The razors were found under the carpet,
behind the bureau where he had crouched
in hopes of escaping observation, and the
pistol and other articles were secreted in
the bed clothing.
At a late hour to-night Hart made a full
confession to three burglaries in six hours
and gave up the plunder.
NEW TO-DAY.
Go
to your; doctor for advice he is thV
best man to tell you what medicine
you need. Go to your druggist for
your medicines ; he knows more about
drugs than a dry-goods man.
Stick to your doctor : and to your
druggist if you're a sick man, but don't
go to your druggist for advice, especi-
ally if your doctor has told you what
to get. If your doctor tells you to get
\£r Emersion
It Is because he knows of scores '■■■ of
cases which have been benefited by
its use ; because he knows that it has
a record \of more than twenty' years'
results back of It. .
You have' no right to let your drug-
gist advise you against this prepara-
tion and induce you to try an obscure :
medicine, the value of which is
doubtful, for the sake of the few cents ;
more he may make. Let your tailor,
or your butcher, or ; your procer! fool
you if you will, but when It comes to
a matter of health, get what you ask
for- -
All druggists sell Scott's Emulsion.
Two cents mad f i.g*. ;/
It's an awfully pleasing th*.
to go through an all-brand-new
stock instead of rummaging over a
lot of past season's goods, as
most stores are showing.
With us everything is new.
Our Straw Hats for children are
in — the new Percale Blouses are
in. In fact everything on the
second floor looks pretty, rosy and
Spring-like. They're Spring styles
I in fact, and in plenty, but free
from high prices.
%% % %
Above we show an awfully
sweet suit, in an entirely new
style no end of pretty colorings
to pick from.
To-day is a very good day to
see 'em.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
the frisco boys,
I 9,ll,l3;lsKearnySt
! DR. WILBOR'S
COMPOUND OP
PURE COD LIVER OIL
WITH PHOSPHATES.
Invalids need no longer dread to take
that great specific for Consumption — Cod-
i Liver Oil and Phosphates. As prepared
' i by Dr. Wilbor, it is robbed of the nausea
■ I ing taste, and also embodies a preparation
of the Phosphates, giving nature the very
article required to aid the healing quali-
• ' ities of the Oil, and to re-create where dis-
j ease has destroyed. This - article also
■ j forms a remarkable tonic, and will cause
■ | weak and debilitated persons to • become
" i strong and robust. Dr. "Wilbor's Emul-
| sion should be kept in every family for
j instant use on the first appearance of
'. I coughs or irritation of the lungs. Manu-
i factured only by A. B. WILBOR, Chem-
ist, Boston. It cures consumption,
j coughs, colds, bronchitis, debility, wasting
' ! diseases, asthma, influenza, scrofulous
! humors, pneumonia. Sold by all drug-
; i gists. ,
FOR SALE.
A GREAT BARGAIN
THE HALE RANCH, MOUNTAIN VIEW,
Santa Clara County, two miles from Mountain
View Station, eight miles from the Stanford Uni-
versity, and ten miles from the City of San Jos*.
1700 Acres of the Choicest Land in the
Santa Clara Valley.
: , Will be sold at a great sacrifice to close the estate
of J. P. Hale, deceased. . :
Large Vineyard, Three Prune Orchards. Fruit
Trees of all kinds and abundance of Water from a
living creek and numerous sprints. -"•• •
•■• 1 arc House of: Pleven rooms, Barns. Stables,
j Ch cken-nouse.°, Outhouses, etc., etc. etc.. and ail
■ the necessary ii.rm ng utensils. .
PRICE $55,000-OEY $50 PER ACRE.
The cheapest land ever offered in California.
' For all particulars apply to McOLYNN <& MEN-
TOX, Real Estate Agents, Koom 22. Chronicle
] Building, where photographs of the property can
j be seen. "
4&UMYSI
ISTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOU*
•yes and tit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
! with instruments of ' hit own invention, waoja
: superiority has not boon equaled. My aaoowi 44* •
i CI6CO due to the merits of mjr word
Oihce Hours— lS to 4v. m. . ; .
THESiJ€CESS]OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
•■- ' —OF THE •':•: r'-'-^-^U
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI.
OPIiN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
34
SAN JOSE'S BANK
WILL RESUME
Important Meeting of the
Full Board of Di
rectors.
THE CAPITAL INCREASED
A Solvent Institution and No
Need of Going Through
Liquidation.
WILL BE STRONGER THAN EVER
Commissioner Kilburn's Statement of
the Concern's Resources and
Liabilities.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— At a meet
ing of the board of directors of the Com
mercial and Savings Bank this morning it
was decided to open the bank and resume
business in a few days. The authorized
capital of the bank is $1,000,000, of which
only $300,000 has been paid in, and it was
decided to call in $200,000 and increase the
paid-up capital to $500,000. The full board
was present except Director Whitehurst.
Bank Commissioner Kiiburn said this
afternoon: "The bank is perfectly solvent,
and that there is no need of going through
liquidation. The matter is now in the
hands of the directors, and as soon as a few
minor details can be arranged the bank
will open for business. The Commissioners
are perfectly satisfied with the outlcok.
After throwing out all questionable so
curities there remains a good surplu:-.
The bank will be stronger than ever, and
that is saying a good deal. The trouble
was due to the fact that the bank was tied
up by some large loans."
Commissioner Kiiburn this afternoon
gave out the following statement of the
bank's condition:
KESOTJRCES.
.Real estate $ 80,366 66
Stocks aDd bonds 28,345 5l»
Loans and discounts 1,039,791 54
Cash- 11,037 S3
Line from banks and bankers 15,369 45
Expenses, taxes, etc 3,655 15
Oiherasaets 1,118 01
Total $1,179,684 64
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid np $ 300,000 00
Keserveftmd 168,127 50
Due depositors. : 585,503 27
Due banks and bankers. 122,792 6
Interest 6,041 03
Kxchatige 63 86
T'ni»iil dividend 1,042 &0
Irofh and loss. 2,113 81
Total 170,684 64
The determination of the directors to
resume is a source of gratification to the
people of San Jose, none of whom have
lost faith in the Dank on account of its
recent temporary embarrassment. •
AROVXD THE WOHLIt OS TOOT.
Fritz Jfei/er Is Trying to Win a Wager
of $2000.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March. 11.— Fritz
Meyer, a German pedestrian, who is walk
ing around the world on a wager of $2000,
arrived in this city last evening and was
tendered a reception by the Turners at
their hall last evening.
He walked from Gilroy yesterday
and this morning left for San Fran
cisco. The terms of the wager ;s that he
must accomplish the trip in two years and
fifty days. Meyer left New York on
August 16 last. He passed through Phila
delphia, Baltimore, Washington, Rich
mond, Atlanta, .\ew Orleans and then
over the Southern Pacific line to Cali
fornia.
From San Francisco Meyer goes by
steamer to China and thence he will walk
through that country, India, Afghanistan,
Persia, Syria, Palestine, Egypt, Africa,
Continental Europe and return from Liver
pool by steamer to New York. He expects
to finish his walk October 5, 1897. Beg
ging, is not permitted, and Meyer must
earn what he can en route by singing and
piano-playing.
Two years ago Meyer walked from New
York to San Francisco in 165 days.
BATE BEHISIi THIS BARS.
Halberatadt, the Detperado, la Brought
From HaHersfield.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11. — August
Halberstadt, alias George Miller, the
highwayman who held up Charles Berry
man on February 20 on the Los Gatos
road and relieved him of a gold watch and
$10, is locked up in the County Jail. He
was brought from Bakersfield by Deputy
Sheriff Gardner, where he was arrested
Monday on information furnished by
Sheriff Lyndon. Halberstadt has been
positively identified by Constable Haley
and Officer Monroe as the man who
escaped from them amid a fusillade of
Bhots. Berryman is equally as «ure he is
he right man.
After robbing Berryman Halberstadt
was arrested by Constable Haley and was
turned over to Officer Monroe, while the
latter hunted up Berryman to identify
him. As soon as Haley was gone Halber
-Btaat broke away from Monroe and fired
two shots at him. A running fight en-
Bued in whicli several constables joined,
but Halberstadt escaped.
A POPULAR OFFICIAL.
Agnt.xcs Insane Asylum Trustee* JJe-
Jbleet T. S. Montgomery.
SAN JOSE. Cal., March 11. —T. 8.
Montgomery was re-elected secretary and
treasurer of the board of trustees of the
Ai;ne\vs Insane Asylum to-day. An un
usual feature of the election is the fact
that the majority of the board is Demo
cratic and Montgomery is a Republican.
The re-election of Montgomery is a great
disappointment to local Democratic poli
ticians. The trustees present at to
(lay's meeting were Chairman Carnow
and Trustee White, Democrats, and
Trustees Hale and Upbam, Republicans.
Trustee Gould, a Democrat, was absent.
EARL, LIA'COLX'S DEATH.
The Southern Pacific Alleges the Boy Was
.. Heating His Way. .
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— The South
ern Pacific Railroad Company to-day filed
an answer to the suit brought by H. M.
Leonard for $100,000 damages for the death
of his so!!, Earl Lincoln.
Young Lincoln was run over and killed
at the Fourth-street depot in this city on
July ,27, 1893, and it is alleged in the
complaint that he was pushed off the
train by a brakeman. The answer is a
general" denial of the complaint, and sets
forth that the boy was beating his way
and that the company is not liable. It
asks that the case be dismissed.
A COLU-liLOOItEn CUIME.
3lie Coroner's Jury Jnrestiuates the Kill-
ing of lee luck Sam.
SAN JOS£, Cal., March 11.— Coroner
Secord held an inquest this afternoon over
the body of Yee Yuck Nam, the Chinaman
who was killed by Wong Mow Chee at the
Agnew ranch, about five miles from this
city, last evening. Several Chinese were
examined, and the testimony showed that
the killing was cold-blooded and premedi
tated. The jury returned a verdict charg
ing Wong M«.w" Chee with murder.
Gee Ah Lung, the man who was
wounded, was brought to the Receiving
Hospital. He i.« shot through the right
arm and in the back, and it is thought the
latter wound will prove fatal.
Ilannnh Park Granted a Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 11.— Hannah
Park was this morning granted a divorce
from William C. Park on the ground of
failure to provide. She is awarded the
custody of their fifteen-year-old daughter
and $20 per month alimony. The Parks
were married in San Francisco in IS7D.
About a year ago Park deserted his wife.
Itf-mocrntie City Convention To-Xiaht.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., March 11.— The Demo
cratic City Convention will be held to
morrow evening at Germania Hall. It
will be composed of eighty delegates,
twenty from each ward.
TELLTALE PISTOL FOUND
Concealed Under a Bunk Formerly Occupied
by Ratten, Accused of Killing
Two Japs.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 11.-Slow
ly yet surely the strands of the rope which
will probably end the mortal career of
Simon Raten are being twisted, and every
day brings to light new evidence that
he killed the two Japanese, for whose
death he is incarcerated in the County Jail.
Yesterday Mrs. Landsbourgh, daughter
of Mr. Rutter, on whose ranch Raten was
arrested, made a search of the bunk which
the latter had occupied while working on
the ranch, and, snuely hidden in toe straw
of the mattress, found an almost new
American bulldog pistol of 38 caliber,
two chambers of which have been lately
discharged, as evidenced by the fresh pow
der marks, and refilled with fresh car
tridges. She also found a small tobacco
sack of 3^-ealioer cartridges lying in the
straw near the weapon.
Katen when confronted with this new
evidence abso utely denied that the weapon
belonged to him and claimed that some
one was attempting to job him.
It will be remembered that both Japs
were shot with a 38-caliber ball and that
each man was shot but once. It is also
claimed that Sheriff Johnson has suc
ceeded in gathering other evid ence which
is even more convincing than this.
LOS ANGELES BIGAMIST,
The Rev. Hiram W. Cummings
Is Declared to Have
Two Families.
Sensational Indictment Returned by a
Grand Jury— He Has Left the
City.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 11.— A re
vised version of "Minister's Wooing" de
veloped in connection with a Grand Jury
indictment to-day. Tne jury rendered its
final report this afternoon, after being in
session seventy days, and was discharged.
The report filed consists of a review of
municipal affairs and one criminal indict
ment, the crime charged being bigamy.
The name of the culprit is withheld, pend
ing arrest, but it leaked out that the per
son named in the indictment is Howard
W. Ferguson, known here as Rev. Hiram
W. Cummings.
The allegations upon which the indict
ment is based are tnat Ferguson left his
wife somewhere in the East about threw
years ago and came to California, where
he represented himself as Rev. Hiram W.
Cummings. Here he formed the acquaint
ance of Elizabeth Cogswell, whom he
wooed and wed. A child, now over 2 years
ol d, was born as a result of the union."
Cnmmings preached at University. a sub
urb of this city, and peace reigned in his
household until Mrs. Cnmmings learned
of his former marriage and change of
name. On advice of her brother. P. F.
Cogswell, she be can divorce proceedings.
Cumrmngs left for parts unknown, boast
ing, it is asserted, that he was too smart to
be caught.
Mrs. Cummings' brother brought the
matter before the Grand Jury and in
dictment resulted. Warrant for Cumrning's
arrrst was issued, with bail fixed at $2000.
He is believed to be in New York, and it is
doubtful if he will ever be brought back.
That portion of the Grand Jury's report
dealing with municipal affairs compli
ments the majority of the city officers on
the way in which the business of their
offices is conducted. It is especially
laudatory of City Attorney W. E. Dunn.
Very little fault is found with any of the
officers, although several small irregulari
ties are pointed out and suggestions made
for rectification of evils.
It is suggested, in view of the marked
difference in many instances between the
assessed valuation'of personal property on
the county and city assessment rolls, that
city and county assessors make compari
sons of personal property assessed, so as to
make assessments uniform on both rolls.
•The jury just discharged is considered
the best the county has ever had, although
some indictments made by it have already
been knocked out in the courts.
BUR I Eli ALIVE IX A SEWER.
Anton Puni yarrotoly Escapes Death by
Sufflcntion*
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 11.— Anton
Pusi was buried alive by the caving of a
sewer pit at the corner of Second
street and Broadway this morning and
was rescued by the efforts of his fellow
laborers. Pusi was at the bottom of a
hole over twelve feet deep when the un
boarded sides of the pit caved, crushing
him to the bottom, face downward, and
covering him two feet deep.
His companion, who was working at tne
surface, jumped down with a shovel and
began heaving out the earth. For eight
minutes Pu«i remained underground, not
knowing how ueeply he was interred, and
every moment feeling the scanty supply of
air growing less.
In speaking of sensations while under
ground Pusi said they were something
awful until he felt the shaking of loose dirt
and knew that rescue was close at hand.
His only fear was that he might faint.
Fin.illy the buried man's head was un
covered just in time to save him from suf
focation. Aside from a severe nervous
shock he is all right.
A HIGH-PltlCETi BEKTAAT.
The Spanish Vice. Consul Sued by His
Secretary for $22, 80 H.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 12.— F. C.
Marvella lias begun suit in the United
Btates District Court against Vice-Consul
Gregoriode Amo Gonzales for $22,. r ioo for
services as secretary and companion for
four years.
Marvella alleges that De Amo, as he is
best known in this city, was the represen
tative of Alphonso Xll, Kinn ol" Spain,
on January 1, 1891. On that day De Amo
made a contract with him to be his con
fidant, secretary and advisor for four
years, at a compensation of $10,000 a year
with board and* clothing and perquisites
thrown in.
Marveila admits that he got the board
and clothing all right, but the $10,000 per
annum failed to materialize, wherefore the
suit and the sum claimed. Marvella fur
thermore states that De Aino has left the
country.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
A REPUBLICAN DEADLOCK
The Third Congressional District
Committee Unable to
Agree.
THE QUESTION OF PRIMARIES.
Earl, Taylor and Morrow Determinedly
Arrayed Against Ingler, Mor
rison and Long.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— There is a
deadlock in the Alameda Counto members
of the Republican Third Congres
sional District committee. For two
hours they tried to get a motion through
deciding what they shall recommend to
the committee next Saturday as the ex
pression of the views of this county re
garding the appointment of delegates to
go to the State convention to name dele
gates to St. Louis, and each time tb.9 vote
was even.
The proceeding were somewhat of a sur
| prise to those who had been led to believe
' that the committee stood five to one
! against primaries. It was developed that
; there had been no change in the opinions
| of the members since last Saturday and
i after many vain attempts to arrive at a
recommendation the attempt was aban
\ doned and the members adjourned to the
rail of the chair.
There was some probability of a motion
■ dispensing with primaries prevailing, but
1 just before taking a vote County Clerk
, Jordan handed in a petition asking for
primaries signed by over two hundred
prominent Republicans.
C. L. Ingler attempted to throw discredit
I on the petition by saying he had spoken
to some of the men mentioned and they
j had spoken differently. This somewhat
; nettled Frank Jordan, and after he was
given permission to speak he made a
speech that completely disorganized any
attempt to put through a resolution giving
the committee the power of appointing
the delegates to Sacramento.
"I presume you want to hear both sides
j of this question?" said Jordan, "and I
i represent, I am sure, the opinions of thou
: sands of voters of this county when I say
] that you six gentlemen cannot afford to
' delegate to yourselves the power that be
longs to more than 8000 Republicans of
this county. If you do not call primaries
; you will arouse indignation ana dis
trust, and I tell you candidly you cannot af
! ford to do it. The voters will not peacefully
! and tamely submit to your acting for theni.
This is an important matter, and is one for
the voters to decide. I have tested the
pulse of public feeling and 1 know that
two-thirds of the voters want primaries.
By shutting off the voters you are acting
unwisely. It is just such" actions in the
past that have brought into existence
numerous non-partisan movements that
have helped to disrupt the legitimate Re
publican party of this county. All lam
asking in this matter is fair play. I am
■as desirous of harmony as any one
! and am as good a Republican, and I wish
■ to repeat that you cannot afford to ignore
the rights of the voters on this occasion.
i As a citizen and as a voter I demand fair
! play, and with thousands of others I ob
j ject to your usurping the power that by
j right belongs to us. We want a voice in
I naming the men who shall name our next
! Republican President, and if we are to re
-1 main a united Republican county you
j must do nothing to excite distrust."
y. M. Fisher followed and told the com-
I mittee tnat if they took upon themselves
I the naming of delegates to the State con
j vention to nominate the delegates to the
j St. Louis convention they would be doing
something for which they were not elected.
He deprecated Ingler's suggesion that it
was "a small matter," and said: "Twice
! through such tactics as you propose to
; pursue I have seen the Republican can
didate for Mayor in this strong Republican
: city receive less than 1000 votes. Con
> sider well what you are doing. This is the
i first gun in a big campaign. Fire it
■ honestly and truly. Give the youngest
; Republican a chance to register his vote."
Miles Doody and F. A. Campbell spoke
: against primaries, but it was evident that
j the first speakers had created a powerful
impression. All kinds of attempts were
made to frame a resolution that would at
least convey some idea to the Congression
al committee as to the general desire of
j this county, but they all failed. Tue
rollcall always showed Earl, Taylor and
: Morrow voting against Ingler. Morrison
! and Long. Morrow said that he would
I vote against primaries providing the other
! side would agree to s.-lect the delegates
! from names suggested by the various dis
! trict clubs. This could not be agreed to
I and the only motion passed was one to ad
: journ. The Alameda men will go to the
i meeting of the Third Congressional com
| mittee in San Francisco next Saturday, but
I they will have no report to make.
VICTIMIZED BY A JOKER
Young Men's Christian Associa
tion Presented With a
Bogus Check.
It Was Drawn Up Over the Signature
of Wendell Easton, the Real
Estate Agent.
Wendell Easton, a man prominent in
real-estate circles, is anxious to locate the
heartless practical or criminal joker who
forged his name to a $17,000 check and
then presented it to Secretary McCoy of
the Young Men's Christian Association.
A few months ago the management of
the association started out to raise $100,000,
no pledges to be binding until that Bum
wad secured. The officers worked ardu
ously to that end. Liberal contributions
were made from time to time until they
reached $83,000. A check purporting to
cover the balance was received as stated.
Secretary McCoy immediately went in
search of the supposed benefactor of his
institution, nnd meeting him on the street
thanked him cordially for hi 3 charitable
act.
Mr. McCoy did not mention the $17,000
check, and Mr. Easton, supposing that his
brother had donated some small sum to
the institution, accepted the proffered
thanks and returned to his of
fice. Last evening, however, when
questioned by a Call reporter Mr. Easton
disclaimed having issued the check and
immediately sought Mr. McCoy in order
to disentangle the matter. Upon seeing
the check he pronounced it a forgery,
greatly to the chagrin of the secretary,
who Lad foreseen nothing but smooth
sailing in the association's future. Mr.
Easton is highly indignant at the liberty
taken by the miscreant who signed his
name to the check, and intends to ferret
him out and have him punished for his
ruthless practical joke.
Yesterday's unfortunate affair will in no
way afreet the financial standine of the
institution, and the directors and trustees
are greatly encouraged over the success of
their efforts.
There is but little question that the
balance of the money needed to free the
institution of all indebtedness will come
from a general canvass among business
men of the City, for great interest has. been
aroused, and the association's work in its
varied branches is exceedingly popular.
It is probable that the Grand Jury will
investigate the matter of the forged check.
McDONALD IS ACQUITTED.
The Felony Charge Against Him Was
Not Very Strong.
Dick McDonald has taken one more step
toward freedom, and now he is almost in
sight of his release. He was acquitted of
the charge which has been on trial before
Judge Bahrs for the past three days.
The last charge against McDonald was
one of felony for having falsified the books
of the bank by entering up a check for
$100,000 made by Columbus Waterhouse
and supposed to have been deposited only
to make the apparent assets of the bank
sufficient to carry it over the Bank Com
missioners' inspection.
The check was deposited by Waterhouse.
but it was not proved that Dick McDonald
had accepted it, entered it, or was in any
way a party to the transaction. Upon this
state of facts Carroll Cook argued that Mc-
Donald should be acquitted, and the jury
apparently coincided with this view. It
took only about three minutes for it to
reach a verdict of acquittal.
This morning Mr. Cook will ask for a
dismissal of the other charges against Mc-
Donald, and from remarks made by the
District Attorney it is not unlikely that
his motion to dismiss will be granted. At
any rate the prospects for McDonald's re-
THE REVENUE CUTTER BEAR THAT SHED HER BLACK COAT FOR WHITE.
.[Sketched by a "Call" arti3t.]
lease by the end of this week are very
bright.
MANY CENSUS MARSHALS
Those Who Will Enumerate the
School-Children of This
City.
The Long Vacation Has Been Changed
to Conform With the Mer
chants' Ideas.
By a resolution passed by the Board of
Education at its meeting Jast night the
long vacation of the public schools was
changed to canform to the ideas of the
Merchants' Association explained in a re
cent communication addressed to the
School Directors. The resolution read as
follows:
Reso'ved, That the first term shall begin on
January 6 and end on June 19, with a vaca
tion of two weeks from March 13 to March 30.
The second term shall begin on August 3 and
end on December 13, with b. vaciition ot one
week from October 9 to October 19.
Director Clinton objected to the resolu
tion on the ground that the teachers and
parents of the pupils had not been con
sulted on the matter, but after Director
Murdock explained that the subject had
been thoroughly discussed in committee
of the whole he withdrew his objection
and the resolution passed.
After a warm debate the following list
of census marshals was accepted:
Chief Deputy George A. Adams, W. T. Greg
ory, F. W. Filley, F. Drucker, F. W. Brown,
James Gray, Frank Foley, J. Danilzity, F. R.
Smith, E. ('. Palmer, George Buckmeister,
A. W. MacPherson, C. 8. Purdy, Frank Rooney,
R. E. Low, Charles Madison, W. T. Donovan, E.
McCormack, Chailcs Shaefer, L. B. llafki,
E. W. Hoiißhy, W. White, F. R. Griffith. D.
Zeirner, H. Worden, G. Gilfeather, B. W. Saa
well, \V. B. Smith, Henry Goldberg, E. N. Bush,
B. D. Rickey, T. F. Meagber, James Tuitle,
George 15. Koons, s. M. Williams, A. Kronberg,
D. McCarthy, P.A.Kennedy, J. ('. Bei nstern,
W. P. George, D. C. Smith, Leon Henry, J. Cur
lett, G. W. Baker, George W. Lewis, William
Gorfukle.
The City Board of Examiners made the
following recommendations that were
adopted : That Miss Nellie A. Morse be
given a State educational diploma in the
grammar oracle ; that Miss Clara A. Adams
and Miss Nellie Hussey be granted gram
mar erade certificates; that the high school
certificates of Lawrence Taaffe and Airs.
Maud Hartley be renewed; that the prim
ary grade certiiicates of Mrs. Sophie Wig
and be renewed.
The Committee on Classification made
the following recommendations that were
adopted: That Miss Louise N. Frecse be
elected a teacher of penmanchip in the
Business-Evening School; that Miss Lillie
McMahnn of the evening substitute class
be assigned to the Lincoln Evening School
as an extra teacher without a class to do
substitute work and to assist the principal
at a salary of $50 per month; that Miss
Sophie Athearn be appointed a teacher in
the evening substitute class.
A resolution was submitted by Director
McElroy and carried tiling the compensa
tion of the census marshal and his chief
deputy at $(> Der day, and that of the lield
deputies at $5 per day.
BOX BVRGLAItIt AT SAXTA CRLZ.
Three inutu/iirrs Who Have Baffled the
Police for Three Months.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March 11.— Three
boys, John Weinhurst, Arch Sch<!
neck and Chide Ranger, were ar
rested late to-night charpea with several
small burglaries that have occurred
bere during the past three months,
and the police have been greatly annoyed
at the skillfulness of the burglaries for
such youthful operators. While they
have been satisfied «recently of the iden
tity of the boys they did not succeed
till to-night in Becuring. certain evidence.
Weinhurst, 18 years old, is the leader, and
hails from Washington. He is believed to
have planned all the robberies, some seven
or eight in number.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Sturdy Revenue Cutter Bear
Has Shed Her Old Black
Coat.
HER POLAR CUB FIGUREHEAD.
Lieutenant-Commander Turner of the
Naval Battalion Receives the
Comasche.
One of the busiest places on the water
front is in the Main-street slip, where the
revenue service cutters are getting ready
for the coming season in Alaskan waters.
They are the Bear, Rush and Perry, and
when they steam out through the heads
for Bering Sea they will be almost new
vessels, so thoroughly have they been
overhauled and repaired. The Rush and
Perry have had their upper works made
new and new decks put in. A new set of
boats, including a steam launch, has been
built here in the City for the Perry.
The gilt scroll carving, known in marine
parlance as "gingerbread work," has been
taken off the counters and bows of the
cutters and nothing but the vessels' names
in severe gothic text ornament? the hulls.
The Treasury Department, after taking
that nondescript flag, with its vertical
stripes and dusky stars (it was really red,
white and black), from its fleet, finished
up the good work by removing the yacht
ish ornamentation also. Now the cutter 3
look like war vessels with the red, white
and blue at their xnizzens.
But the greatest change has been made
in the Hear — that sturdy steamer which is
only in her element when bucking the
Arctic ice. All her life she has been a
black bear — an animal unknown where
she has summered and occasionally hiber
nated. Now she sails undera truer color —
wnite — like the grim animal king of the
polar zone. Even the little wooden bear
which forms her tigurehead looks more lit
tinc in his fresh snowy coat. So the white
Beur will be more in artistic harmony with
her surroundings when next she is crush
ing the floes with h«r ironclad forefoot.
Regarding the proposed extermination
of the seal herds in Bering Sea'as a prac
tical solution of the pelagic problem the
officers of the revenue cutters concur.
"Notwithstanding the humane efforts of
the department to save them, the destruc
tion of the seals will go on till the last one
is dead,'' said a lieutenant yesterday who
has spent many seasons In the north.
"For just as long as the skins brintr a biji
price skillful hunters will chase the ani
mals. The seizure of 'pelagic vessels only
involves the Government in expense, and
that, added to the expense of maintaining
the patroling fleet around the rookeries,
is a huge burden for the National treasury.
While a cutter is capturing a schooner, a
big fleet of the latter are going on slaugh
tering the seals, male and female, old and
young. The presence of a British cruiser
in Bering waters is a bald-headed farce, as
the English officers are in sympathy with
the Victoria hunters.
"What special use is a sealskin anyway?
Only the rich man's wife can wear one,
and why should the poor man pa\' taxes to
support an institution that brings him no
practical benefit. Even the skins when
stripped from the dead animals are sent to
.London to be prepared for market and are
the means of supporting an industry.
The United States pays out money in its
attemp; to save the seal, then pays out
money for the skin it could not save.
When the seals are gone the Canadian
hunters will go codrishiner."
Another overdue vessel is the bark Enoch
Talbot, which is reported to be nine days
out from San Pedro, bound for this port.
She has a car^'o of fifty carloads of Los
Angeles oil consigned to the Arctic Oil
Company. No information can oeiearned
from her owners regarding her condition
or whereabouts.
Lieutenant-Commander Louis B. Turner,
with a division of the Naval Battalion,
went to the navy-yard yesterday in the
tug Markhiim. Colonel James of the Gov
ernor's staff was also a passenger on board
the tuir, and his mission was to confer
with the commandant at the navy-yard
regarding the monitor Comanche's" de
livery to the state. The party was received
by the yard officials and told that the ves
sel was at their disposal.
The Spreckeis Tug Company will tow
the Comanche to this City next Saturday,
when she will be moored in the bay at
some convenient locality, probably" off
Folsom or Harrison street.' The Markham
towed down a hue steam launch from th«
navy-yard, which will be a part of the
monitor's set of boats.
The Monadnock had a successful trial
trip around the bay and out to sea yester
day. She made an average wpeed of twelve
knots, the machinery working smoothly.
The bark Gatherer, the first of th« can
nery fleet, sailed for the Alaskan waters
yesterday, and the new pretty schooner
Baranoff— named after an old Russian
Governor of Alaska— will sail in a few
days. The whaling bark Lydia sailed for
the Arctic and the ship Roanoke for Hon
olulu yesterday.
Testimonial to £. J. Buckley.
The mere announcement of a benefit to the
well-known actor, E. J. Buckley, has brought
his many friends out in droves, and already
the demand for seats is an assurance ot a weli
rilled house. Mr. Buckley is now residing in
Berkeley with relatives, having returned to
California under advice of his physician.
Since his return lie has improved considerably,
although it is doubtful if he will erer again
appear before the footlights.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER.
The Freeholders Will Discuss Their
Document at a Public Sleeting
To-Night.
Two thousand invitations have been
sent out for the quarterly meeting of
the Merchants' Association this evening \
at Beethoven Hall, 336 Post street, near j
Powell. These invitations have been sent j
to all the Judges and officials in the Fed- j
eral, State and municipal departments of j
the government. The Mayor as well as :
the Board of Supervisors, the Board of ■
Education and all the City and County j
officers have also been invited to attend
the meeting. Invitations have also bt en
sent to the various improvement, commer- i
ci:il and charitable organizations of San i
Francisco. All the members of the Mer
chants' Association, comprising 337 bum- ;
ness firms, as well as other prominent tax
payers and citizens, have been requested
to attend this meeting.
The Richmond Improvement Club, the
Van Ness-avenue Improvement Club, the
Folsom-street Improvement Association,
the Highway Improvement Committee,
tmd many other associations of similar
character* have replied that they would
gladly attend the meeting.
Responses have also been received from
all of the Freeholders who framed the
charter that they would attend the meet-
ing and eive their views briefly upon the
merits of the proposed new charter.
Josepli Britton, who was the president of
the Freeholders' convention, will *peak
upon t he charter in general. He is credited
with a thorough knowledge of the ques
tion of municipal government throughout
the United States «nd Europe. I. J. Tru
i man, who was the chairman m the Free
holders' convention of the committee upon
the legislative department, will speak
briefly upon that article. The subjects of
iinance, revenue and taxation will be
handled by Colin M. Boyd, who has had
[much experience in these questions. G.
H. Umbsen will speak upon the executive
department. H. N. Clement, who had
charge of the article upon the judiciary,
will speak briefly upon that subject.
Irving M. Scott, who was the chairman
of the committee in the Freeholders' Con
vention upon the article governing public
worKs, will address the meeting upon that
question and refer to the important sub
ject of municipal ownership of pubiic utili
ties. The subject of public schools and
free libraries, as incorporated in the new
charter, will be explained by the author of
that article, William F. Gibson. The in
| teresting article upon the Police Depart
j ment of the City will be ably handled by
j George T. Ma rye Jr., who was the chair
man of that committee in the Freeholders'
Convention. The article upon the Fire
Department will be fully explained by M.
Hi Hecht, who has made a special study
of this subject, and will be of interest to
every member of the department. Dr.
Jerome A. Anderson will explain the
merits of the article upon the
Health Department of the City, and
as Dr. Anderson was elected upon the
Populist ticket he will also take occasion
to explain the special advantages in the
charter to those who believe in the prin
ciples of true socialism. Louis Sloss Jr.,
who was the chairman of the committee in
the Freeholders' Convention upon the
Election Department, is at present sick at
Paso Robles. The very important ques
tion of civil service in the new charter will
be handled by its author, J. J. O'Brien.
Besides these interesting short addresses
upon the various articles of the new char
ter, there will be a brief special report of
the board of directors of the Merchants'
Association, upon the past, present and
future work of the association. The impor
tantquestion of street sweeping and paving
will also be briefly considered, ana it is
expected that some action will be taken
by the meeting in reference to the ques
tion of sprinkling the streets by the City.
The board of directors extends a special
invitation to the public to attend the
meeting, but requests that all who wish to
attend should be at the meeting promptly
at 8 o'clock, a? it is necessary to open the
meeting without delay.
A BLOCK HAS NO SEWERS
An Astonishing Discovery Made
by the Board of
Health.
The Board of Supervisors Will Be
Asked to Remedy the Matter
at Once.
The Health Department has made the
astounding discovery that in an entire
City block in one of the most populous
districts of San Francisco there is not a
single sewer or sanitary arrangement
worthy of the name.
Some time a;o while going through his
district Inspector Duren discovered that in
the block bounded by Market, Valencia,
Hermann and Twelfth streets, there is no
sewer of any kind, though several small
thoroughfares, among them Brady, Stev
enson and Crocker streets, intersect the
tract and sewers had been placed in the
wide .streets surrounding tne tract.
The inspector found that the entire block
waß in a bad sa::itary condition, and that
the lack of sanitation had rendered the
tract a veritable nuisance, on a gigantic
scale, in tbe center of one of the most
populous districts, of the City. Health
Officer Lovelace's attention was called to
the matter, and after a careful survey of
the block he decided that nothing bat a
thorough overhauling would ever place
t c block in sanitary condition. Dozens ol
open vaults, which threatened the health
o. the entire neighborhood, were found #
and the jack of sewerage was apparent
from the stench arising from the block.
The property was recently sold by the
Market-strpet Railway Company to pri
vate individuals, and the lack of sanitation
is attributed to the corporation in not
having the sewers put in.
The Board of Health will address the
Board of Supervisors on the subject and
request that the block be resurveyed and
the sewer facilities be placed in good
shape. The tract contains a large num
ber of old and rotting buildings t.iat wiii
probably be condemned by the health
auihorities as a menace to the public.
Suing "The Call" for Alleged tibel.
The libel suit of John G. Chase agpinst
| Charles M. Shortridge, proprietor of The Call,
| is on trial before Judge Johnson of Sacramento,
who is presiding in Judge Hunt's department
I of the Superior Court.
< *j L -
ALWAYS LEADS.
It is a matter of great pride to Califor-
niansthat STANDARD SHIRTS always
lead in every point of merit. All dealers.
Look for Trade-Mark.
Neu-talter Bros, Mfrs., S. F. .
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC)
diseases of the head, throat,' lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary orstans, rupture, piles,
varicocele, liydrocelo and ■ swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions,' sleeplessness, mental worry
bashfulness. failinz memory and ail the distress-
ing His resulting from nervous debility positively
an 5 permanently cured. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease. Svnh.
Ufa, thoroughly and forever cured. • 7|J "
VVRITK troubles ; if living away from th»
city and advice will be ?iven you free of charga.
Add m F. L. KAN V , tt. D.,
- 737 Market SU (opposite Examiner Office),
San .Francisco, Oat \THE "BLIND BOSS"
SUED FOR LIBEL
A. B. Henderson, Ex-Man
aging Editor of the
"Examiner," Plaintiff.
THE BUCKLEY CHARGES.
He Said a Certain Managing
Editor Took $12,000 on
a Job.
NO NAMES WERE MENTIONED.
Broad Inference Drawn by the Late
Editorial Chief, and Neighbors
Are at Outs. *
A. B. Henderson, the former managing
editor of the Examiner, is about to sue
Christopher Buckley, the "Blind Boss,"
for libel.
The papers are now being prepared by
the former's attorney, H. £. Highton, and
•will be filed in the Superior Court to-mor
row morning.
Mr. Henderson bases his suit on certain
assertions made by Mr. Buckley to a
reporter on December 2'">, 1895. The inter
view with Buckley had reference to certain
political and financial transactions of C. E.
Mayne. TLe latter told Buckley that he
had "fixed" the managing editor of a
rooming paper and that he was to receive
$12,000 for assisting in running the Metro
politan Electric Railway franchise through
the Board of Supervisors, this according to
Mr. Buckley's story.
The exact language used by tne "Blind
Boss" in that interview is given in tne fol
lowing extracts:
Mayne was Introduced to me in 1890 by Attorney
George Berry, Mayne explained his railway ran
chise scheme and wanted me to take an inter.st in
it. 1 sized him upas an adventurer and one in
capable of managing such a scheme, lie said that
he had bonded a great deal of land near the parK
and he appeared to be a professional boomer
anxious 10 carry out a big real estate scheme.
I refused to have any thins; to do with the scheme,
but Mayne persisted, especially in October, 1 POO.
All 1 said to any of the Supervisors was to advise
them 10 let the thing alone, and especially cau
tioned them not to do anything looting like a
"cif an-up" before going out Of office. In November
I went to Kurope and the franchise was given
while I was in London and had nothing to do
with It.
I will say that Mayne told me during a talk
afterward that he had' made a contract with the
managins eduor of a morning paper by which the
paper was to back the measure and pet .Mayor
.Pond to sign it and receive §12,000 if the scheme
was successful. The paper, he said, lived up to its
agrei meat, and he said that he bad foolishly sur
rendered the contract.
About four months ago, shortly after he was in
dicted by the i.rand Jury for some fraud in an
other direction, Mayne called on me and said that
home of my ■ nemies hud offered to clear him of the
lnd.ctment if I would swear to some statements they
had prepared and on which they wanted to indict
me. He admitted that I had never had any busi
ness transactions with him. He declared that he
was not guilty of the charge against him. and, as
lie had come to me for advice, I advised him to
6tand : .a! openly.
Bucklev also gave his explanation of why a
lential journal is now and has
igorously opposing him. His story m
volvea a certain nail- forgotten electric-Hght
Iraiit'rti^.: ■which was not granted in I^9o.
Tbe^ proprietor of that journal came to me in
the fail of 1890 with information that he
wanted a franchise for an electric^light company
end asked me to 150 »nd see his business repre
sentative in the Nevada block. This man told
me that the people interested had $20,000 in
vested In the electric-light scheme and couldn't
pet a franchise from the supervisors. Then he
said, '-.Now, you own the Board of supervisors,"
and offered me 2000 shares at $2 a share. I
both declined and resented the offer and left,
but before I went I was told that the newspaper
in -ion would rain me. The attack was soon
begun and bus been kept up ever since.
it will be seen from this that Mr. Hen
derson's name, or that of the paper over
whose news and editorial policy he pre
sided, was not mentioned. It was only by
inference and direct implication therefore
that Mr. Henderson took the remarks of
the "Blind Boss" as a personal reference
to himself.
Mr. Henderson and Mr. Buckley are
neighbors. Their little farms at Livermore
adjoin. Mr. Henderson purchased his
rural retreat about rive years ago, and on
his retirement from the Examiner last
year he sought quiet and seclusion amid
his vines and fig trees.
It is by inference also that the last para
graph in the interview quoted is supposed
to refer to the owner of the same paper.
And Mr. Buckley takes occasion to express
his righteous indignation at the mere sug
gestion that he could be expected to aid in
obtaining a franchise for an electric-light
company.
Mr. Henderson -is no longer a journalist
in the active sense. He has turned farmer,
to quote himself, and rinds life at Liver
more altogether peaceful, healthy and
happy.
"I am an out-and-out rancher, he said
yesterday afternoon, when questioned
about the suit he is about to bring against
the notorious political leader. "There iB
not a fortune in it, to be sure, but there
are peace, health and contentment. What
more can one wish for on earth V"
Mr. Henderson and his attorney were
non-committal when pressed for informa
tion relative to the libel suit.
••The complaint will be in shape to-mor
row and will be filed Friday morning,"
paid Mr. Highton.
Mr. Henderson was present, but spoke
not.
"Yes. it is a suit for libel, again re
sponded Mr. Highton, "but I cannot tell
you anything more until the papers are
prepared and the case in proper shape."
WELLS IS THE CHAMPION
The Bay City Wheelmen's Flyer
Wins the Ten-Mile Club
Cup Race.
Edwards Won the Quarter Mile Event
and Delmas the Mile
Handicap.
The last nigbt's racing of the indoor
amateur bicycle tournament at the
Mechanics' Pavilion drew the usual large
crowd last evening, and before the races
were called standing room even was at a
premium. Last nigbl concluded the
amateur racing as far as the management
had arranged, but the California Associated
Cyclin- Clubs will have charge of the
track this evening, and will give a meet
which promises to eclij.se any of the en
tertainment thus far offered. Besides
special match races between Osen and
Campbell, professionals, Griffiths and
Tantau, and Wells and Edwards, amateurs,
tl era will be a record trial »>y Champion
< )Uo Ziegler Jr., a one mile invitation race,
::i which 'all the cracks will ride, ami a.
one mile scratch. This composes a
splendid programme of racinu. and should
.ira.v a large crowd, particularly as It is a
benefit for the association, and all the
iocal clubs will attend en masse to cheer
ior their favorites.
During the week, however, the manage
ment of. the Pavilion tournaments de
cided that as the track will not have to be
removed from the building until the end
of this week it would hold three days'
professional racing — Friday, Saturday
and Sunday afternoons and even
ings—the races to be competed in
by the champion women riders of
the world. How Manager Wikidel got
these people out here so quickly and with
out, anyone knowing his intentions seems
a mystery, but it is a fact that they are
here and stopping at the Palace Hotel.
On Monday evening the three star lady
bicyclists of the world arrived. They are
Miss J)ottie Farnsworth of Minneapolis,
Miss Peterson of Chicago and Miss Mack
of New York City. They are under the
management of A. A. Hanson, the world's
long-distance road champion, whose ar
rival here was noted in yesterday's Call.
The ladies hold remarKable records for
both long and short distance riding. Miss
Farnsworth's best record is 300 miles,
made on a seventeen-lap track, In 15
hours 4S minutes, and she also holds the
hour record of twenty-one miles, seven
laps, made on a twelve-lap track.
The management has secured several
local lady riders to compete against these
cracks, and the programme as arranged is
as follows: They will ride for long-dis
tance records each afternoon from 3 to 4:30
o'clock, and in the evenings from 8:30 to
10:30. They will also ride individually
each evening between times for the short
distance records. Hanson, the profes
sional, will also show his endurance and
speed in trials against time.
It is now seven years since lady cyclists
have been seen here on the track. In 1889
Helen Baldwin, Kitty O'Brien and several
others came here and raced on high wheels
at the pavilion. The tournament was very
interesting at the time. Of that aggrega
tion Miss Baldwin is the only one now
connected with the sport, but she is no
longer the champion of old, Miss Farns
worth and the others who are now here
having repeatedly defeated her in the East.
A quartet of prominent wheelmen from
different parts of the country appeared at
the track last night, much to the surprise
of their many friends here. They were R.
C. Lennie of Chicago. E. E. Stoddard of
Cleveland, M. M. Shields of Los Angeles,
and Sanford Plummer, captain of the Bay
City Wheelmen, who has been away for
some little time. They all expressed re
gret at not having reached here sooner
after they had witnessed the splendid
night's sport.
During the evening P. Metcalf of the
Imperial Club tried for the world's half
mile paced record, flying start. He was
paced by J. P. Jaegling and J. S. Egan on
a tandem and covered the half in 1:01,
which is not only the world's indoor
record, but lowers the coast record for
merly held by F. M. Byrne. The tandem
covered the half in 1:00 3-5, and kept on
riding, making the mile in 2:07 3-5.
Sanford Plummer acted as referee of the
races, Mr. Welch resigning his position of
honor for the evening.
During the evening Agnew and Kenna,
Acme Club, tried for the quarter-mile fly
ing-start tandem record, covering the dis
tance in :29 2-5 seconds, which is over the
record of Egan and Jaegling.
This afternoon at 4 o'clock B. D. Blake;
lee of the Chicago Cycling Club will try
for Emil Ulbricht's twenty-rive-mile rec
ord, against time, paced by tandem teams
of the Imperial Cycling <Jlub.
The first race last night was a one-quarter
mile scratch, run in four heats, two semi
finals and a final. The winners of the four
preliminary heats were N. Ackerman, San
Francisco "Road Club; J. E. Edwards,
Olympic; George Tantau, Olympic, and
H.'B.' Freeman, Bay City. Edwards won
his semi-final against Ackerman in 34 1-5
seconds. Tantau beat Freeman in the sec
ond in a pretty finish. Time, :34 2-5.
In the final heat Edwards and Tantau,
both Olympics, competed. The former
won the" race with apparent ease in 35 4-5
seconds, slow time for him.
The-one-mile handicap was run off in
eight preliminary heats, two semi-finals
and a final. The winners of the heats,
their handicaps and riding times were:
A. Thieson, California, 120 yards, 2:15 4-5;
T. Delmas, Garden City, 50, 2:04; M. M.
Cook, Imperial, 80, 2:17 4-5; F. L. Day,
Bay City, tX), 2:16; A. M. Boyden, Reliance,
90, '2:16 4-5; Russell Cushing, Garden City,
60, 2:191-5; C. M. Smith, Garden City, 70,
2:17 2-5, and Ed Chapman, Olympic, 85,
2:11.
Delmas beat Theison, Cook and Day in
the first semi-final in 2:15 3-5 from 50
yards. Cook was second. Chapman, 85
yards, took the second in 2:19 from Smith,
Cushing and Boyden, they finishing in
that order.
Delmas, Garden City, 50 yards, M. M.
Cook, Imperial, 80, and Chapman, Olym
pic, 85, rode out the final heat. Delmas
caught up his handicap in two laps and
won in 2:28 1-5, Cook second. It was a
very pretty race.
The final heat of the ten-mile club. cup
race proved the most interesting and ex
citing event of the evening. The race had
beenrun in five preliminary heats during
previous nights of the tournament, and
those who had qualified for the final last
night were: C. S. Wells, Bay City Wheel
men; H. W. Squires, Acme Club Wheel
men; L. S. Leu'itt, San Francisco Road
Club, and C. Birdsall, California Cycling
Club. They covered the first mile in
2:36 1-5, and increased the pace a little on
the second, making the two miles in
5:05 1-5; three miles, 7:42 2-5; four,
10:18 4-5; five,' l2:s3; six, 15:31 1-5; seven,
18 :07 4-5 ; eight, 20 :43 2-5 ; nine, 23 :27 3-5.
On the last two laps of the tenth mile a
pretty sprint occurred between the four
riders. Wells and Squires drew away
from the other two, the former winning in
25:58 2-5. amid great applause.
summary :
One-quarter mile scratch: First heat— X.
Ackerman. San Francisco Road. Club. Time,
&3 4-5.
Second heat— J. E. Edwards. Olympic. Time,
:33 3-5.
Third head— George Tantau, Olympic. Time,
:33 3-5.
Fourth heat— H. B. Freeman, Bay City. Time,
:34.
First semi-final— J. E. Edwards, Olympic.
Time, 34 1-5.
Second semi-final— George Tantau, Olympic.
Time, :34 2-5.
Final— J. E. Edwards, Olympic. Time, :39 4-5.
Second, George Tantau, Olympic.
One mile, handicap: First heat— A. Theison,
120, California. Time, 2:15 4-5.
Second heat— T. Delmas, 50, Garden City.
Time, 2:04.
Third heat— M. M. Cook, 80, Imperial. Time,
2:17 4-5.
Fourth heat— F. L. Day, (50, Bay City. Time,
2:16.
Fifth heat— M. Boyden, 90, Reliance,
2:16 4-5.
Sixth heat— R. Cushing, 60, Garden City,
2:19 1-5.
Seventh heat--C. M. Smith, 70, Garden City,
2:17 2-5.
Eighth heat— Ed Chapman, 85, Olympic,
First seini -final— T. Delraas, 50, Garden City.
Time, 2:15 3-5.
Second semi-final— Ed Chapman, 85, Olym
pic, 2:19.
Final— T. Delmas, 50, Garden City, 2:28 1-5.
Second— M. M. Cook, 80, Imperial.
Ten-mile club cup race— Won by «.'. S. Wells,
Bay City Wheelmen. Time, '-5 :58* 2-5.
Second— H. W. Squires, Acme Club Wheel-
MISS PACHECO'S BURIAL
Crowdi of Friends Accompany Her
Kemaiii* to the (irave.
On Monday afternoon the remains of
Diana Pacheco, the young girl found dead
with Edward Hack, her lover, in an Oak
land lodginc-house last Friday, were in
terred in All Saints' cemettry at Concord,
Contra Costa County. As the funeral cor
tege passed the little chapel the bells were
tolled, but the body was not taken into the
place of worship.
On arriving Bi the cemetery the mourn
ers and their friends to the number of sev
eral hundred gathered about the grave
and recited the rosary for the dead and
other appropriate prayers. The school
children of Concord attended the funeral,
as ili'i also many friends of the family,
some; of whom had come from a consider
able distance, the number of vehicles being
over forty. The floral tributes were nu
merous and beautiful, crowns, crosses,
stars, hearts, pillows and bouquets being
heaped upon the newly made grave oy
loving hands.
Francisco Pacheco and his bereaved
wife desire to thank the many sympa
thizing friends who offered their condo
lences or attended the funeral.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
LADIES LIKE THE SPORT
The Grand Stand at Ingleside
Filled With Fair Race
Lovers.
SAM LEAXE WON THE HANDICAP
Felix Carr Disappointed His Admirers
by Finishing Second on Old
Braw Scot.
The new woman held full sway at the
Ingleside track yesterday. She bet her
money on an outsider in the betting with
a debonnair air born of recklessness, and
tried to look cool, but the sweltering hot
atmosphere forbade such a thing. Prob
"THE CALL "RACING CHART.
piftyfourth Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Wednesday,
1 March n. i 896. Weather Fine. Track Good.
Q9O FIRST KACE-Three and a
; purse $41)0.
Horse and weight. St.
Jane Andrews.... 101 ' 2
Viking 109 1
Early Notice 101 7
Sweet Liberty 101 4
Brerhvood 101 ' 8
Inflammator 104 ; 9
Tlie Kid 101! 6
Wieland 104 3
seven I'p 101i 10
Sisler Modrra ...105 11 \
iToro del Sierra.... 110 : 5 !
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
807
641
804
**
m
S£
4 1
10
95
5V 3
6h
11
7h
1 1
r
7
6
8
3
4
9
10
11
1 h
2*4
3 4
4 6
6 1/2
6 2
"1-3
8 4
9 2
10 3
! 11
Garner
snider
E. Jones
H. Martin
Johnson
coohran
Giorn
Piguott
R. Isom
Macklln
Chorn
8
20
3
30
40
5
100
15
3
4
4
5
30
8-5
60
100
10
200
50
6
10
8
677
813
729
!
........
starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner. V. A. Honlg's b. f.. by St. Andrews-Aunt Jane. Time,
:43V 4 . . ; . . ■
Q9 I SECOND RACE— Five furlongs, selling: three-year-olds and up; purse $400.
Horse. B ge, weight.
741 ICandor, 4 108 1
749 iHiram Argo, 6....114 *
770 Koadwarmer, 3 . 98 5
711 Claude Hill. 3.... 98 13
675 Sturling, 6 112 2
645 Middleton. 6 114 10
815 iFleet, 5 114 3
752 iThe Judge, 6 117 16
800 Minnie 1, 6 112 14
(728) Duchess, 3 96 11
802 Rulnart, 3 106 6
800 Leiia HL a 112 9
. 803 i George C, 3 i»8 7
746 Myron, 4 110 12
803 Harry Lewis, 5.. .114 16
800 Gondola, 6 132 11
800 Chinook. 4 .103 17
I
I
........
I
I
i
1 1
4h
21
6 Va
6i/ 2
1 ¥a
34
10
14
13
5 1
9 4
12
15
16
11
17
2 2
4 2
F
62
7
82
'82
12
13
9
10
8
11
15
16
14
17
14
2Va
3 1/2
4 4
5 3
61
72
S
9
10
11
ia
13
14
15
16
17
Shields
(born
iR. laom
H. Martin
iMcHugh
Beauchamp
W. Cole
Coady
R. Smith
E. Jones
Mclntyre
i Burns
McHugh
Macklin
Fell
3
15
3
3
8
10
1 25
10
1 20
3
ioo
20
15
8
30
50
50
41/2
10
13-5
'8
20
40
40
25
40
6-2
100
30
100
•JO
200
100
200
! ::::::::
1
1
........
1
Giorn
I
ISnider
"sTartin^aTe used. Won easily. Winner, F. Phli'llpa' blk. f., by Imp. Darebln-Mtss Clay.
09F THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; handicap; three- year-old-i: purse $600.
Index.! Horse, weight.
811 Sam I-eake 108!
794 Benhain 85]
809 Sir Vassar 1121
812 Ka-nsin 118!
780 Ke.i Pike 85
697 Fireman 85 1
st. I V*
~ 2 1
4 8%
3 «
115 Va
2 lb
1 61 4 b
12
3 1
5 3
4 ll
ay,
«
1 3
2 1
41
5 &
I*
1 2
2 2
3h
4 8
5 8
t3
1 2
2 2
3h !
4 4
6 10 j
ti
Mackllß 4
Frawlejr 3
Chorn..... 3
\V. Martin.... 6-5
Slaughter | 30
Hewitt ! 20
7
5-2
5-2
11-5
100
GO
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner. A. B. Spreckels' b. a, by Imp. Parebin- Carrie C.
Q9A FOURTH
over five hurdles; handicap; purse $400.
Index.; Horse, age, weleht.
: Std.
Ya I %
43 i 4 2
13 1%
64 3h
31 2h
2 h 6 20
6 6
•
Jocknys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Bassino. a 130
707 Silverado, a 334;
810 Esperance, 5 125
810 My Lnilt, a 165
792 The Lark, 5 155!
810 Arctic. 5 ISB
798 Red Will, 4 132!
3
6
5
4
7
2
I 1 I
4Va
3i. a
61
5 2
: 2i/ a i
! lh i
42
In
7
5V a
6h
32
2Va
lh
i 3 3
44
! 5 10
i 6
I 1% T. Murphy
I ah iMeCullough
I3b ualindo
4 15 J. Owens
i 6 50 Clancy
! 6 AUmark
j Swift
8
3
10
3
3
> 4
8
20
4M,
3U
6
3
*Va
4Va
starting-gate used. Won driving Winner, A. G. Blakeley's b. g., by Imp. Billet-Lottie. 'Fell
third jump. Time, 2:211/4.
Q9'7 FIFTH RA
penalties: parse $500.
Index.
821 Thornhill. 5 105i
814 Red Root, a 102;
817 Vinctor, 4 115|
806 Flirtilla, 4 100,
820 Gilead. 5 115|
Horse, age, weight.
i i
1 1
Bta. jV* Va
11 11 1 1
5 Sh 43£
4h IW Sh
2 3 2 iy» 2 2
i3h 5 5
1 2
\tt
1 3
45*
1 IVi Coady
2 6 T. sloan
31/2 Griffin
4 10 iPlguott
1 5 ; Chorn
Flu.
tn-a
16
4-6
12
6
11-5
1
20
15
HtartinK-sateused. Won handily. Winner, T. Lundy's ch. h., by imp. Cheviot- Phcebe Anderson.
Time, 2:101/2- .
nr>n si,XTH RA<
; purse $400.
Horse, age, weight.
Betting.
)p. Cl.
808 Service, a 138, 1
HI 4 hraw Scot, a 13S 2
798 I'ncertainty,a....l3B 3
766 iSweetßose.3 319 4
805 Sir Red, a 135 left
HO3 Walter J, 3 124 left
711 KdKemount, 3. ...121 left
1
4
2 1
31
1 3
4
91
3 1
14
3b
22
4
32
4
[Shields
F. Carr
Clancy
Grlftln
Spence
Miller
Coady
2
2
10
i 6-5
30
4
12
2V»
9-5
30
BJM|
100
10
10
Start iisg-Kate used. Won driving. Winner, a C. Hlldreth's ft. h., by imp Woodlands- Lady's
Maid. Time, 1:16%.
C9Q SEVENTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
; purse f 400.
Korse, age, weight.
V*
Bettingr.
Op. 13.
801 Philornena, 4 108: 1
785 Model, 4 108; 7
797 ; Salisbury 1 1, 3.... 101 j 4
764 'Tim Murphy, a. ..114; 9;
808 'LevenuC, 6 112; 3
(77U) Crawford a 114j 6
816 Mollie R, 4 110; 6
788 Easel, 3 100 8
440 Mt. Air, 4 118 3
648 Last Chance, 6.. . . 114 left
12 :
7y 2
Sh
9
6 h
4 1/2
84
6 h
2V
12
4 h
BVj
8 1
7 1
51
9
6b
2 y a
IS
3 8
2h
6 3
4 h
62
■ 7 4
8 3
9
14
21 ,
31
4 y a
64
6h
7 10
8 4
9
Shields
McClain
K. Jones
3 135
10 25
11-5 13-5
2 2
6 8
7 80
10 20
16 30
10 15
; 30 100
j Coady
[Garner
!(Jr!ffln
I.T. Chorn
R. Isom
Shaw
H. Martin
I
Won easily.
Winner, W. B. Sink's ch. f., by Htmyar-Last Ban. Time, 1
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleside Track. '
Jo race* where the horses have do record at • the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
*" AbbrevTaflraS-F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •.about.
FIRST RA'
Best
record.
Index.
Name.
802 iMosier
819 (Jlobe
7*)H Fond Hope.
802 Little Jimmie..
:St. Glenn
802 limp. Alien
802 jAdlos
802 j Sagamore
106
94
100
98
98
1 94
no rec.
j no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
....
A. B. Spreckels '
B. Schreiber |
M. Schwartz; I
E. Corrlgan j
'/,. Abrahams
J. McCullongh
C. E. Murray. I
Cambridge stable . . |
Vlambeaii-Moxelle
Imp. Keene-Pinkey
i.Toe ll oolter-KalHe Queen
Longfdlow-Kena B
JBt. Saviour-Glen Queen
Ksterling-AI Meh
ilinp. Pirate Ponzance-Jfss
; Sensation-Favonu
....
....
SECOND RACE— Six
Best
record.
Dlst.
716 Braraetta........ 89 (
808 sleeping Child.. 89!
824 ] The Judge...... 105
624 ! Garcia.. ......... 102
822 iKe L. .......... 102
783 Irish Chief 102 ;
80') Jack Atkins... 94
77tf Charles A....... 102
7.:i .Silver State..... 109
824 Minnie 1........ 100
822 Huntsman...... 102
822 San Marco :.' !97
1:011/2
1:14
1:1134
1:41 1/2
1:22%
iVo'syj
I |
iiVi's'v*
,1:02 V*,
|iViB""'
6f
*6 f
I f>i/ 3 f
1 in
61/2 f
Jsf"
96F..!
109 F..
120 H..
9«F..[
94 F..
"92 UL-'.
"90 ¥.'.
100 F..
i'o'6 ;ii !
!n. .\. Honig
W. I). Randall
Z. Abrahams
;N. S. Hale
(JardPii City stable.
F. Brown & Co
J. P. Atkins
V. Archibald
William Thompson
William Singleton..
' P. Herzog
|P. Dunne
BramblP-Rpua
Ip. Ch. of Misi-Erln Branch
Imp. Loyalist-British Queen
WildHlo-NiKhtlnnvk
Major Ban-Miss Flush
LonKfello'.--Babee
Rpgent-Misadlp
John A-K'arly Rosa
Imp. Cheviot-Bess Shannon
Rpffent-V>\r Cnrlhoo
Prince Norfolk- Haidee
| St. Blaise- Round Pance
6f"""
5f
I
je'f*""*
THIRD RACE— HaIf a mile: two-year-olds; handicap.
Index. Name. . |
(557) Coupon
I M. «. liquot
I^ovelihht t.. i
(729) Caspar j
791 Key dpi Tlerra..!
807 'Howard -
! Dolore
; Atlantis.
Name. ,
I 1 Beet
I Lbs I record.
jl2l!" :37i/2
i IOH no rec.
1 106 'no rec.
181 :51
!1141 :50V»
108i :39 i
106 no reel
105! no rec.|
]3f
........
y 3 m
y 2 m
i3f
110!
11l
116
110
1H..1
— •
f.'.'.l
iF...!
h7.
I Del Monte stable...
iDelilonte stable...
:Del Monte stable... I
: ' Burns-Waterhouse
Cambrldg" stable..
iJ. H. Shields i
Pueblo stable j
i<j. B. Morris A Co..
Imp.Martenhurst-Myßadge
Sal vator- Widow Cllquot
! Racine-Imp. Flirt
St. Andrt'ws-Cuslne
Prince Norfolk-Haldee
lp. Whistle Jacket-Zulelka
iWlldldlp-RoHPtte
limp. Midlothian-Oceanic
I
1 . . . .
FOURTH RACE— Six lurlongs;
8'24 Hiram Argo
836 Charm.".. .........
b3i Ric0......
(714) 01ive..:...........
809 |Red Glen..
712 Dungarven.......;
Best
Lbs record .
109 '1:08%
104 ....:...
106 l:14i/ 2
106 1:151/4
111|1:14 *
109 1 l:50»4
I Dlst, LbsjTk. Owner.
\6y a t 109 1F... I JB. Schreiber
.... D. A.Houig
:6f 96|F... S. V. Hildreth....
6f 99 F... E. Corrlgan
;6 f 105 F.. . Cambridge stable.
\U-lSm\ 99 Fa.jL. Mell
Imp. Saxon-<;old Basis
Imp. 11l Used-Minnie l'ayne
Simnnon-Fannie Lewis
j Aparhe-Vinrio
Glen Klm-Ked Oirl
Fli-TM RACK— One mile; selling.
1
Index. !
Lbs!
1 Best I
; record. J Dist.
Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
(81G) Gratify..........
811 Tar and Tartar.
(812) Yankee Doodle.
' 8v!l Fortuna.... — . ,
821 Sr, 1.ce. ......... |
IH7 1:43 lm
!110 1 : 431/3 1 m
106 1:49V4 1 i-JSm
10S 1:55 .lV»n»
' 97 1:45 |lm7oy
89 F...
99 Fa.
89 K...
95 F...
! 85 F...
Westchester stable.
A. <•. Morris
Cambridge stable..
Encino stable
T. O. Ferguson
. ■" '«"-■ tin>uu:iH)H
Hindoo-Krambaletta
Prince Royal-Manzanita
Imp. Brutus-Viola Bea
Imp. St. George-Levee
SIXTH HACK— Six furlongs; selling.
I
Index. I Name.
" 811 Schnitz.... .....
(789) HyDy...... : ....
• (H<M). Artist.... ..r.'.~:
801 Miss R055.......
751 j Ferris Hartman
815 JMorven ..■.'
821 'Kowalsky
(801) Pat Murphy...
788 Joe Terry.......
788 |CU»riaiou
• ■ ■ ■ ■ .. _ -vjf.
105 liJ
102 1:1
106 1:]
88 1::
! 88' 1:'.
102 1::
941::
102 1:
94 1::
|10tt,l::
| Best
record.
Diit. jLbs'rk. Owner. Pedl(
614 f 1104 F... ic. F. Sanders F»nlque-Illia
J6 t iIIOH..|J. H. Shields HyderAli-Adi
tif 109 Fa. C Gilman Imp. Darebln-
-1-6 f 103 F... \V. R. Orlffln Ip.Rossington
k j7 f 88 F... B. Schrieber .1.i.0. Woodlar
116 f 104 H.. White <t Clarke.... i lmp. Cheviot-!
16 f 94 F... E. Corrigan ilsaac Murphj
,16 f 99 H.. A. B. Hpreckels limp. Kyrle V
(6 f 107 U.. Murus<t Watrhonse Flamh-mi-lmf
,7 I 05!F... D. MQUr |Tyrant-TJnU
Pedigree.
Addle Warren
bln-Hirondelle
ton-Vlr(ciniaDare
llands-Honora
lo:-I.ilr!in.»
ably not since the introduction of "ladies'
day" has such a large crowd filed in
through the gates of the new course. The
grand stand was filled to overflowing with
fair sport-lovers, resplendent in summer
suitings and pretty colors. In fact so
packed did the big stand become that
breathing space was at a premium, and
not a few young ladies sauntered up and
down the asphaluim in front of the stand.
The male portion of the crowd elbowed
one another in the betting ring, many of
them coatlesa in an endeavor to keep
cool. Many faces new to the game were
present, and tne legal turf advisers were
in their element initiating the unsophisti
cated in the elements of placing their dol
lars on the right horse.
The sport was most enjoyable, the seven
different events all being well contested.
Short-priced horses in the betting ring are
not popular with a big crowd, and it hap
pened to be one of those day s that a soli
tary favorite failed to get to the wire in
front. In the way of odds Andy Blakely's
old jumper Bassanio carried off the
laurels, taking the hurdle race with 30 to 1
aeainst him.
The event with the most class about it was
the seven-furlong handicap with six speedy
three-year-olds facing the starter, and a
great contest was looked forward to. In
the betting Kamsin, with top weight 118
pounds, had first call with 11 to 5 about
him. For second-choice honors Benham
and Sir Vaaaar were quoted at the same
figure, -iy % to 1. Sam Leake, at one time
as good as 8 to 1, proved the superior of
the partj'. Maeklin took him out in front
when the barrier was raised and the Dare
bin colt galloped all the way, winning as
he pleased by a couple of lengths. Red
Pike, who ran in second position to the
stretch, was in turn passed by both Ben
ham and Sir Vassar, and they finished
second and third respectively.
Eleven two-year-olds sported silk in the
opening three-and-a-half-furlong smn.
There was a hot tip out on the Aunt
Jane filly named Jane Andrews, causing
her odds to come down from 10 to 5 to 1.
Closely pressed by the 40 to 1 chance,
Viking, she led all the way, beating the
outsider out a nose. Early Notice, the 8
to 5 favorite, finished a close third.
Seventeen selling platers next started in
a five-furlong scramble. Candor, the \%
to 1 third choice, was in front from the
iun:p, and won by two lengths. Road
Warmer, a heavily touted good thing, run
ning in second place all the way, was
beaten out for the place the last few jumps
by the 15 to 1 shot, Hiram Argo.
The mile-and-a-quarter handicap hurdle
affair resulted in a big upset. There was
no pronounced choice, The Lark, Silver
ado, Red Will and Arctic all being well
played. Silverado, The Lark and Red Will
all took a turn at leading over a juim>. T.
Murphy, astride old Bassanio, gradually
edged his way to the front, and taking the
last hurdle in the lead, won in a drive by
a length, with Silverado second, a neck be*
fore the outsider Esperance.
The record-breaking Vinctor cut a sorry
figure in the mile-and-a-quarter selling
event. He remained at evens throughout
the betting, and iiaished a poor third.
Coady, on the 11 to 5 second choice Thorn
hill, took the lead shortly after the field
was pent away, and full of vim, showed the
way to the wire, finishing a length before
Red Root, who ran a remarkably good
race.
The sixth event on the card was a six-fur
long run, with the old-time favorite Felix
Carr seen up on the back of honest-going
Braw Scot. The gray gelding with his
popular rider was a 9 "to 5 favorite in the
ring. Service and Sweet Rose were the
most played of the other starters. Felix
as usual got his mount away first, but was
soon passed by Uncertainty and Sweet
Rose. Service was never headed, winning
by three parts of a length. Carr on tne
gray passed all of the others in the stretch,
and although riding a good finish was un
able to catch the leader.
The last race, a rive-furlong dash witb
ten starters, was captured very easily by
Philomena, one of the second choices in the
bettinir, who led throughout the running.
Model at 25 to 1 beat dalisbury II half a
length for the place.
Track and Paddock Items.
Arctic broke down in the hurdle event.
Eighteen bookmakers cut in yesterday.
Grannan made one of the swell plunges
on Service.
According to actual count, 5266 ladies
passed through the turnstiles yesterday.
R. Stipe, who raced the fast sprinters
Lottie D and Redlight, has been reinstated
by the Board of Stewards of the California
Jockey Club. Stipe was ruled off the Bay
District track about one year ago.
W. Clancy was seen in the saddle yester
day astride The Lark for the first time
since his accident some weeks ago. The
handicapper was too liberal in his allot
ment ol weigtit on J. Talbot Clifton's
horse.
While running in second position in the
hurdle race Red Will fell at the third
jump. His rider. Swift, escaped without
injury.
biarter Caldwell was a trifle previous in
sending away the horses in the Braw Scot
race, and as a consequence Sir Reel, Edge
mount and Walter J were left at the post.
Sweet Rose opened a 6 to 5 favorite for
the sixth event, but receaed in the betting
to 3Vi to 1.
The Gunst selling stake, McLaughlin
handicap, Racing stake, Beverwyck
steeplecuase handicap, Burns handicap,
Pacific stake and the April special will all
be decided at the coming meeting at the
Bay District.
Stole a Bible.
George Russell, a well-known petty larceny
thief, was booked at the City Prison last night
by Detectives Egnn and Silver on a charge of
petty larceny. He went into the store of the
American Tract Company, 735 Market street,
yesterday afternoon and stole a Bible. He was
observed and was chased and captured. He
recently served six months for stealing per
fumery from Wakelee it Co.'s drugstore.
NEW TO-DAY.
FREE
CREAM
CHOCOLATE
A Package Given Each Customer FREE
With. Our
MONEY-SAVING
TEAS, COFFEES,
SPICES.
Our 50c Teas .....Cost 75c elsewhere
Our 40c Teas .............. Cost 60c elsewhere
Our 35c Tea5....... ....... ..C05t 50c elsewhere
Our 300 Teas Cost 40c elsewhere
Our 25c Tea5. .............. .C05t 35c elsewhere
Our 20c Teas Cost 30c elsewhere
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN AWAY.
Great American Importing Tea Co. 's
1344 Market St., S. P.
'. ... j» 965 Market St., S. F.
MiL^iaKK?* 140 Sixth st S. F.
BUM HP 017 Kearny St., 5. F.
Mfc^^^* 1419 Polk st., 5. F.
521 Montgomery ave., S. P.
__ n.m.tmxi i 333 Hayes St., 5. F.
MliNtY" i46 Nlnth st > s - P -
-muiibi • 218 Third St., SF.
Miiifiun 2008 Fillmore St., S. P.
SAVING 2510 Mission St., S. F.
OftWinU 3006 Sixteenth St., S. P.
■ #fc< _- k _._^ 104 Second St.. S. F.
STIIRES ■ 3259 Mission »*•• S. P.
9 I UllkO • 52 Market St., S. F.
•'• - ■' ■ ' " , 917 Broadway,, Oakland.
Wmt^maK^ 1053 Washington St., Oak'd.
■■ ■cT 131 San Pablo ave., Oakl'd.
HJ > "^^ 616 I; Twelfth St., Oakland.
Ml 355 Park st., Alameda.
TRY OUR
Money-Saving Prices) IAA i-
AT OUR > I (111 A -V
Money-Saving Stores) IVV Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.
OPOD
A PHYSICIAN WHO HAS DEVOTED THIR.
jfV tv years to the treatment of blood disease,' and
who is in possession of a formula which has never
failed to cure syphilis In any stage, will . taJte any,
case under a positive guarantee ito care or refund
money. • Consult him at once. % Write ' for full In-
formation, free, to the Moffut Chemical Co., room 1,
632 Market St., San Francisco, Cat. ' Office hours, 9
a. M. to 8:30 r. U. ■.:■'.■■■ •..■■:■,■- ■". ■ ' .:. ~ ; ■ ■ ■
• ■■ ■ i ■■■ ■-■ -•'-■•..-.■: ■.-■..". ■ ■ : - . . - \
;•■ ; _,__ L _ .. i . i __- r j_^_,_ :_:,;_ . ..'-.--.-jysw . _^_, _^__^^.__^. u^_^,.
Goes! Our Great $6.50 Suit
Sale an Immense Suc=
cess the First Day.
Stop and think a minute ; All-Wool Suits,
single or double breasted sacks, in handsome
colors and latest styles, for $6.50. Any wonder
the sale is a success ?
Three days more to buy these suits — until
10 o'clock Saturday night. You had better
come to-day though — pick, as the stock is
going fast.
We would like you to come and see these
suits, even if you don't want to buy. We want
you to see that we are selling an ALL-WOOL
Suit— not Union Cassimere or Satinette —
$6.50 that is easily worth $12.50. We don't find
it necessary to hide its defects under the flare
■ of flashing electric lights.
Beware of imitators who, surprised at our
success, try to follow in our steps.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
MARKET 541 STREET -
HUD ONI V INCH is at 21 1 Montgomery Street,
UUK UI>LY DK^^vU opposite the Mills Buiidtug.
Avoid firms using a similar name.
PROPOSALS. _^
FOR THE
Mendocino Asylum
AT UKIAH,
Commencing May 1, 1896, and End- !
ing October 31, 1896.
Notice is hereby given that sealed proposals will
be received at the oflice of the Secretary of the
Board of Directors of the Mendocino Asylum, at
Ukiah, up to 3 o'clock p. m. of MONDAY. April 6,
1896 (Asylum time), for furnishing supplies for
said asylum lor the six months commencing May
1, 1896, anu ending October 31, 1896, said pro-
posals consisting of the following schedule, and to
be delivered as ordered :
Groceries.
500 pounJs apples, dried, sliced, No. 1.
4 dozen bath brick.
100 pounds baking powder. Golden Gate, B-
pound cans.
3000 pounds beans, small white, No. 1, last crop.
10 cases canned corn. *
10 cases siring beuns.
24 pounds chocolate. Eagle. No. 1 papers.
30 gallons coal oil. Elaine. 5-gallon cans.
150 pounds cheese, California, fresh.
400 pounds codfish, No. 100 cases, last catch.
600 pounds crackers, Extra sodas, American
Biscuit Company.
150 pounds corn starch, Niagara, 1-pound pack-
ages.
60 pounds currants. Zante, No. 1.
100 pounds mush meal, Breakfast Delight or |
Twin Brothers.
12 gross matches, safety, Swift <fc Courteney's,
3 noes.
10 boxes macaroni, No. 1, California, 15-pound
boxes.
100 gallons pickles. No. I. mixed, in barrels.
1200 pounds prunes, California. French, 60's to
70's.
6 boxes raisins, Londou Layers, 3 Crown.
1200 pounds rice. Sandwich Island. No. 1.
10 gallons olive oil. Durand, 5-^allon cans.
ti cases ovsters, Farren's, No. 2, 12-oz. oysters.
2 barrels" salmon, Columbia River, large red.
-500 pounds sidt. dairy.
60 pounds soda bi-carbonato, l-ib papers.
2000 pounds sugar, dry granulated, extra fine.
6000 pounds sugar, Golden C.
600 gallon* syrup, golden, 32 gal. In barrel.
60 callous syrup, Pacific Ccast Syrup Co.'s
Standard, in barrels.
100 pounds tapioca, flake.
10 boxes vermicelli, JS'o. 1, white, California, 15-
-nound boxes.
6 dozen Worcestershire sauce, Lea & Perrin's.
6 dozen pepper sauce.
6 dozen tomato catsup.
110 gallons vinegar wine, 40 grains.
Coft'ee, Iras and Spices.
360 pounds tea, Japan, Lncolored, A. Schilling <fc
Co.'s Arano, No. 25.
BCO pounds coffee. Old Gov't Java green, No. 1.
400 pounds coffee, Guatemala, green, No. I.
600 pounds chicory.
1 dozen extract lemon, 16-oz. No. 1, Standard.
1 dozen extract of vanilla, 16-oz. bottles, No. 1,
standard.
20 pounds cinnamon, ground, 5-pound cans, A.
Schilling A Co.'s best.
40 pounds ginger, ground, 5-pound cans, A.
Schilling* Co.'s best.
60 pounds mustard, ground. 5-pound cans, A.
Schilling ft Co.'s best.
100 pounds pepper, black, ground, 5-pound cans,
A. Schilling <fc Co.'s best.
Flour, Feed and Meal.
2000 pounds bran.
V.QO barrels flour, Baker's Extra.
300 pounds hominv, large white.
60 pounds pearl barley.
6000 pounds rolled hnrley.
3000 pounds rolled oats.
3000 pounds rolled wheat.
50 pounds split peas.
800 pounds ground malt.
16 barrels graham Hour.
300 pounds cornmeal, white.
Canned Fruit, Etc.
15 cases canned fruit, assorted, standard table,
1-gallon cans.
10 cases tomatoes, canned, 1-gallon cans.
1 case jellies, assorted.
Sohji, l.yn and Soda.
12 boxes soap, Savon, Ist quality, full weight,
100 bars in box.
15 boxes soup, Star of the Kitchen, full weight,
100 bars in box.
6 boxes soap, White Satin Borax, New England
Soap Co., 100-bars box.
60 cans concentrated lye, American, 1-pound I
cans.
300 pounds sal soda.
Brooms and Brushes.
15 dozen corn brooms, Ind. Home of Mechanical
Trades for Adult Blind manufacture.'
3 dozen brushes, hair floor, No. 12.
3 dozer brushes, counter. No. 4, extra, all
bristles.
3 dozen mop handles, combination.
2 dozen brushes. sho»*. No. 16.
6 dozen brushes, scrub, No. 4.
6 dozen brushes, pot.
Smoking Tobacco and Pipes.
300 pounds tobacco, smoking, granulated, Bohls
! & Co.'s Buffalo, Ist finality, 1-pound packages.
6 gross clay pipe.-., r. D.
Chevring Tobacco.
600 pounds tobacco, chewing, Leggitt A Myers'
■ Star.
Hams, Bacon and Lard.
200 pounds bacon, breakfast, medium light,
Clear.
200 pounds hams, bidders to state brands, qual-
ity equal to A. <fe C.
200 pounds lard, A No. 1, 10 pounds in can.
Butter.
1450 pounds butter, No. 1, fresh dairy. (Must be
fresh and sweet.)
2500 pounds butter, No. 1, pickle roll.
Fresh Fish.
6000 pounds fresh fish, delivered at asylum, on
Ice, No. 1.
Fresh Beef, Mutton and Teal.
30,000 pounds, No. 1, fresh beef, delivered in
sides.
2000 pounds, No. 1, fresh mutton, delivered
whole.
1000 pounds, No. 1, fresh veal, delivered whole.
1000 dozen eggs, fresh, California,
Potatoes.
25,000 pounds potatoes, No. 1.
Wood.
600 cords red fir, cut from sound and standing
trees.
350 cords black oak, cut from sound trees, and
no small limbs.
PROPOS ALS-Continued.
Oils and Paints.
60 gallons boiled oil, linseed, in bbls.
10 gallons turpentine, 5-gal. cans.
ISO pounds white lead.
30 gallons oil, engine, in bbl., Ist quality.
20 gallons oil, cylinder, 5-gal. cans, Ist quality.
10 gallons oil, pure sperru, for lantern use, 5-gal-
lon cans.
25 pounds engineers waste, for cleaning engine.
Laundry Supplies.
300 pounds caustic soda, Greenbanks', 98 per
cent.
3 pounds analine blue, Troy Laundry Company's
special.
150 pounds starch, Durveas'.
160 pounds starch, corn.
100 pounds starcb, spear.
15 pounds wax, Japan.
60 pounds chloride of lime.
Clothing.
4 dozen coats, cottonade, unlined, 37 to 44.
4 dozen pants, cottonade, unlined, leg 30 to 34,
waist 32 to 44.
59 dozen vests, cottonade, 37 to 44.
6 dozen overalls, unlined, brown, medium weight.
10 dozen hickory shirts, neck 15 to 17, 27 inches
wide by 33 Inches long.
Dry Goods.
200 yards bedtlcKing, Amoskeag, A. C. A., 36
inches wide.
2 gross buttons, coat and vest, horn.
' 10 gross buttons, pants.
10 gross buttons, agate, dress and shirt, Nos. 30,
40 aud 50.
2 dozen brushes, hair, for toilet.
6 dozen combs, dress.
2 dozen combs, fine.
60 dozen cotton thread. Clark's O. N. T., assorted
numbers and colors.
600 yards canton flannel, XXX unbleached,
Nashua.
150 yards Caledonia check. No. 1 medium check,
34 to. wide.
300 yards prints, standard, medium colors.
100 yards cheese cloth, first quality.
200 yards gingham, dress, small check.
300 yards crash, linen, 18 in. wide.
50 yards denlma, Pearl Kiver, Indigo blue, 28 in,
wide.
300 yards sheeting, Utica, unbleached, 68 in.
wide.
100 yards sheeting, bleached. 81 in. wide.
100 'yards sheeting, unbleached, 4-4, Indian
Head.
100 yards long cloth.
50 yards table linen, bleached, 72 In. wide.
50 yards elastic, garter, black and white.
60 yards sheeting, unbleached, 5-4.
2 dozen bedspreads, white, 4-4.
4 dozen bedspreads, white, 3-4..
10 dozen ladies' hose. No. 200, cotton.
15 dozen cotton socks, men's assorted sizes.
6 dozen handkerchiefs, ladies'.
10 dozen handkerchiefs, men's, Turkey red, 24
Inches.
8 dozen hairpins, K. & 8., assorted. No. 100.
200 yards muslin, bleached. Fruit of the Loom.
1000 needles, Mflward's, assorted sizes.
1 gross safety pins, assorted sizes.
1 gross pins, Wallace & Sons', F. S. C. No. 3V4-
-3 dozen darning cotton, white and black,
3 dozen linen thread, Barbour's, Nos. 40 and 60,
white and black.
1 dozen dress stays, horn, 1 dozen in Dunch.
6 dozen bunches "shoestrings.
1 dozen papers machine needles, assorted Singer
sewing-machine.
10 dozen towels, toilet, huck, half bleached.
Shoes and Slippers.
3 dozen pairs men's Drogans, sizes 6 to 12.
2 dozen pairs ladies' buskins, sizes 3 to 8.
Respectfully submitted,
E. W. KING,
Medical Superintendent.
The above-named articles are all to be of the bes*
auallties, subject to the approval of the Medical
Superintendent, and to be delivered at the asylum
at such times and iu such quantities as he may de-
sire. And It is expressly understood that if a
greater or less quantity of any article above men-
tioned shall be required by the Medical Superin-
tendent, the same shall be furuished by the con-
tractor at the contract price.
The contracts will be awarded to the lowest re-
sponsible bidder, and no bid will be received or
considered unless accompanied by a certified check
in an amount equal to 10 per cent of the bid or bids
presented, which amount shall be forfeited to the
people of the State of California as settled, fixed
ana liquidated damages in case the bidder to whom
the award of contraots is made shall fail or refuse
to enter into such contract and furnish such bonds
for the faithful performance of the same as the
Board of Directors may require within five days
aftersuch award. Separate bids will be received for
GROCERIES,
COFFEE, TEA AND SPICjCS.
FLOUR, FEED AND MEAL,
CANNED FRUITS, ETC.,
SOAP, LYE AND SODA,
BROOMS AND BRUSHES,
| SMOKING TOBACCO AND PIPES,
j CHEWING TOBACCO,
' HAMS, BaCON AND LARD,
I BV'TTER,
FRESH FISH,
FRESH BEEF, MUTTON AND VEAL,
EGGS.
POTATOES,
WOOD,
OILS AND PAINTS,
LAUNDRY SUPPLIES,
CLOTHING,
DRY GOODS,
SHOES AND SLIPPERS.
] The Board reserves the right of rejecting any or
| all bids. Payments to be made monthly in cash
when there is money in the treasury lor such pay
nients, and when ihere is no money in the treas*
ury, payment to be made out of the flrst money In
the treasury applicable for such purpose.
Bids to be addressed to W. W. CUNNINGHAM,
Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Mendo-
cino Asylum, at Ukiab, Cal., and indorsed on tho
envelope "Proposals for Furnisblng Supplies."
Samples of articles showing the character and
quality thereof required, except such as are perish-
able, may be seen at the storeroom of the asylum.
The attention of bidders is called to the follow-
ing section from the Political Code of this State:
Section 3235. "No supplies of any kind or ch ar-
acter for the benefit of I he State, or to be pnid by
any moneys appropriated or to be appropriated by
the State, manufactured or grown in this Stale,
which are In whole or iu part the product of Mo n-
golian labor, shall be purchased by the officials of
this state having control of any public instltutio a
under the control of the state or of any county
city and county, city or town thereof."
In oraer to preserve uniformity and facilitate the,
award it has been resolvid to receive no bids un-
less made upon blank forms furnished by the sec-
"Varries will please carry out the sum total for
each article and add up the same, so that the gross
amount may be seen at a glance; otherwise bid
will not be considered.
By order of the Board of Directors oftheMea-
docino Asylum at Ukiah.
Dated Ukiah, March 6, 1896.
J. H. SEAWELL, President.
Attest:
W. W. Cun nisqhau, Secretary.
56
..." - '
@3j£ ©all
charle^mTshortßidqe,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Tally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
rsi!y and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Esfly and .Sunday Cali-, three months by mail 1.60
rally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
£ onday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall. . 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone... Maln-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
51 Clay Street,
telephone M.Jn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
580 Montironiery street, corner Clay: op«n until
8:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
t-\\". corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. .
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 .Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE »
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE: ■• '
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Afent. . '
THURSDAY MARCH 12, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Foraker will go for McKinley— but how?
The Senate might as well advertise to
recognize Cuban independence whil« you
wait.
While the State committee waits the
confusion increases and the people grow
impatient.
The bicyclers have made up their minds
that wherever they see a record they will
run over it.
Olney'B secret visit to Boston is worth in
vestigating. He may be sprouting a little
boom in his bacK yard.
It is the general opinion that the funding
scheme is aead for this session, but the
thing will bear watching.
Now that Sherman and Hoar have had
a spat there is no reason why Sullivan and
Kilrain shouldn't return to the ring.
Cleveland is said to be worried about
Cuban independence, but he might get it
off his mind if he would take it on his
ha nds.
The Spanish Embassador at Washington
is another of those diplomatists who talk
too much without concealing their
thoughts. *
Santa Rosa is far enough along with her :
festival to start the battle of the ballots j
for the election of a queen, and practically ;
the frolic has begun.
King Humbert may be ri^ht in saying
the Italian^ can vet extract honor from
Abyssinia, but he is more likely to extract
nothing bat a blood red dye.
There is nothing surprising m the dis
covery that Europe is opposed to the Mon
roe doctrine, seeing that the doctrine is
decidedly opposed to Europe.
There have been many new parties
starred in various parts of the country
this year, but in every case the platform
has been made of chestnut planks.
A few more bad breaks like those of
Bayard and De Lome will convince the
world of the advisability of using diplo
macy as an asylum for the Uumb.
Senator Hoar has the honor of being the
first to introduce the cathode ray meta
phor into the Senate, but somehow it did
not seem to lighten up the subject.
It is now reported that a serious conflict
i« expected between the Cubans and the
Spaniards, but it will probably turn out to
be no more than a conflict of dispatches.
Now that the House has begun consid
eration of a return to the reciprocity sys
tem there is a chance for men of all parties
to get together and do some good worn for
the country.
The Cuban planter? who have appealed
to the Captain-General for a suspension of
taxes are right. If laws are to be sus
pended during war the tax laws should be
fiung up with the rest.
It is hardly worth while for Washington
correspondents to contradict the story that
Olney and Cleveland have fallen out. If
they ever get out of the position they are
in they will have to climb out.
As Austria has followed Germany in
placing restrictions upon American insur
ance companies, it seems more evident
than ever that if we cannot have recip
rocity, we must try retaliation.
When Senator Hoar accused Senator
Sherman of saying "an improper thing in
an improper way" he probably intended
hia remark as an illustration of how to say
that kind of thing in a proper way.
Congress has at last incorporated the
National University and given it large
grounds at Washington, but it remains to
be wen whether it will grow as a great en
terprise or languish as a political job.
Havana loyalists denounce Congress,
Congress denounces Spain, Spain de
nounces the Cubans, the Cubans denounce
the Havana loyalists; and so the talk goes
round until the grand revolution of de
nunciation is complete.
The Pittsburg convention, that proposes
to brine together in a new party Populists,
Prohibitionists, Silverites, Woman Suf
fragists, Greenbackers and Single-taxers,
may effect a combination of the kind, but
it will never succeed in getting such a
party composed.
Tiio Sacramento Bee suggests that all
Pacific Coast delegates should go to the
National conventions impartial as to can
didate?, but resolute for free silver coin
age, and the suggestion has sufficient
merit to make it worthy of attentive con
sideration by all friends of genuine bi
metallism.
Expert students of the drift of Republi
can sentiment afsert that Allison is the
second choice of the friend? of all other
Presidential candidates in the East and
leads them all in the West. On the basis
of that estimate it would seem he is pretty
s"re to be the winner in the convention
end before the country.
The report that the admission of New
Mexico a? a State is strongly opposed be
cause it would add two silver advocates to
the Senate shows the extent to which the
roldbu^'s are willing to carry their oppo
sition to bimetallism. They not only
stand in the way of legislation, but even
endeavor to check the development of the
Union itself.
v-: -■
UNPLEDGED DELEGATES.
Presidential politics this year means Re
publican politics. It is nlmost literally
true that at this time there are no candi
dates for the Presidency except those who
belong to r the Republican party. Num
erous as are the factions into which
democracy is divided not a single one of
them lias a champion who is looked upon
as a Dossible party leader in the campaign.
The Populists, though not so divided as
the Democrats, are equally leaderless, so
far as the Presidential race is concerned.
In consequence of this, all interest in the
choice of the next chief executive of the
Nation is directed to the contest among
Republican leaders, and th<»ir relative
chances are being carefully studied by
acute politicians in all parts of the
country.
A significant feature of the situation is
that while every section of the East has
some favorite candidate, the whole of the
Greater West is virtually impartial. The
two great divisions of the country in
this respect present a striking contrast.
Beyond the Missouri there is an incessant
struggle among the friends of the various
favorites to win this or that advantage,
but on this side the continent there
is a calm unbiased scrutiny of the situa
tion, and a careful watch of the drift of
events for the purpose of determining
which candidate, all things considered, is
best fitted to lead the party to victory and
most certain to assure the country au ad
ministration that will advance the welfare
of all.
The advantage which this condition of
affairs gives to Western statesmen cannot
be overlooked. With the East divided and
the West uncommitted to either side, it is
almost a foregone conclusion that the
Western delegates to the St. Louis conven
tion will determine the result of the con
test and name the next President. It 13
too early to speculate as to whom that will
be. It is fairly certain the great majority
of Western delegates will support the man
whose nomination will give the most satis
faction to the country as a whole without
regard to local favorites. Having no local
favorite of their own, they will be in a
position to do that effectively and
promptly and thus prevent anything like
a prolonged deadlock, which would be
sure to result if the Western delegates,
like those of the East, were devoted to some
single candidate to the exclusion of all
others.
It seems clear, therefore, that the policy
of the Western States at this juncture
should be to send unpledged delegates to
the St. Louis convention. However great
may be the admiration in this or that
State for some particular candidate there
should be no attempt to bind the delegates
of the State to the fortunes of the favorite.
All the candidates are able men, well fitted
to hold the high office of President. The
one issue is to have the selection made in
the convention by impartial delegates and
without a heated contest. That can be
done only by leaving the West as free as
she is to-day, to review the whole situation
and name the man who best deserves the
honor.
OAKLAND'S TREE MARKET.
The people of Oakland, inspired by the
earnest movement to secure a free market
in this City, are agitating the question of
such an institution on that side of the bay.
The Oakland Enquirer has exploded the
idea that Oakland really has a free market
and shows how the institution at present
there interferes with the legitimate busi
ness -of the city. A good many years ago
the Council passed an ordinance permit
ting hucksters to sell from cans on Lower
Broadway, with the reservation that the
carts should not block the street. Through
some official mismanagement not ex
plained by our contemporary the tratlic
in the street was so seriously impeded by
the carts that the ordinance was rescinded,
and so the free market perished.
Then there appeared on the scene a
thrifty citizen who leased a vacant block
in the vicinity, built some sheds and let
stalls to the hucksters at a small but
highly profitable rental. He has been
doing a handsome business ev r since, but
the situation is inconvenient, and the
growers have to pay for the privilege.
Hence Oakland has no free market and
does not enjoy the benefits of one.
The movement in San Francisco is
slowly taking shape, but nothing definite
has been a<? yet formulated. An elaborate
suggestion to the Harbor Commissioners
from the fruit-growers of Campbell, in
Santa Clara County, contemplates such a
surveillance by the commission as is not
provided for in the law defining its duties.
Nevertheless the ideas are good, and
might serve as a suggestion to the Legis
lature. It contemplates a strict regulation
of sellers in the interest of honest dealing
and for the protection of purchasers.
The peddlers who cry fruits and vegeta
bles from house to house in the City sorely
try the patience of many residents, for
even the disfiguring sign, "No Peddlers,"
does not prove a safeguard against all in
vaders. The police have just announced
their belief that numerous burglaries re
cently committed in the Western Addition
were the work of professional burglars
taking advantage of the freedom permitted
to peddlers. This has become a serious
menace, and requires correction. To what
extent a free maruet would cur« the evil
would have to be determined by experi
ence, but the fact remains that the ped
dlers are not growers and that they antag
onize the interests both of growers and
commission merchants.
COLONY SUPERVISION.
The Stockton Independent, referring to
the Kenwood Colony scandal, near Santa
Rosa, declares that throughout the San
Joaquin Valley land-owners have subdi
vided fertile and inviting tracts, and, by
reason of not having advertised them, are
wondering why strangers are not attracted
to them but are swindled by irresponsible
colony managers. The problem furnishes
its own explanation.
Comparatively few colony schemes in
the State have been conducted on a dis
honest or ;.ncompetent basis, but their
number has been sufficient to work im
measurable damage. The Kenwood Colony
may be used as an illustration. Eastern
agents of the company induced settlers to
come to California and buy homes In the
colony with the assurance that the title
was perfect and would shortly be deliv
ered. After the settlers had established
themselves by the expenditure of consider
able money they were amazed to lind them
selves confronted with ejectment suits
brought by the original owner of the land —
the company had never paid for the prop
erty. That one affair, though not repre
sentative of our colonies in general, will
cost California millions of dollars.
It would seem that in view of such
frauds — perhaps it was merely a case of
mismanagement— the Lesislature should
provide for a careful supervision of all
colony enterprises. Although it may not
be desirable to increase the number of com
missions, such an institution might be the
best for this case. Whatever the machinery
provided for the supervision, colony com
panies should be required to file a deed
and abstract of titles with the Secretary of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, ISC6,
State, a bond should be given for the pro
tection of buyers and a certificate author
izing the company to do business should
be issued. In addition the company
should be required to file copies of all con
tracts of sales made with purchasers and
to report the exact condition of business
at stated times. No colony should be cer
tified unless it owns a clear and undis
puted title to the land and means should
be provided for recovery by the settlers in
case of misrepresentation or damage.
The earlier colonies of the State, particu
larly those in Fresno County, were
honestly projected and have produced the
most gratifying results. The colony idea
is the best imaginable for inducing settlers
from the East, and as it is the one plan
that offers the strongest inducements to
persons oi s^mall means, it should be sur
rounded with every possible safeguard.
There are many honest new colonies in the
State, but how ia a stranger to distinguish
between them and the others? It is the
duty which the State owes itself to assume
supervision of the practice.
GOLD MINING IN (lALIFOENIA.
The question of bimetallism or free
coinage of silver apart, it cannot escape the
attention of any student of the monetary
situation that there is a renaissance of gold
mining in California which promises not
only remarkable but almost marvelous re
sults. It is an old saying, but a true one,
that only the surface of the ground has
been scratched over in California, and that
placer claims which seemed to have been
worked out with pick, shovel and rocker
are now known to be only surface indica
tions of deposits of auriferous ore beneath
the surface which can be developed only by
patient research and the employment of
scientific methods.
It is idle to make predictions as to the
output of gold for the current year, but it
is permissible to make surmises and con
jectures based on developments already
made and the actual work that is being
done, and, with this as a basis, it is within
the bounds of reason and probability to say
that California within the year 1896 will
add to the world's store of gold from
(20,000,000 to $30,000,000. It must be borne
in mind at all times that there are hun
dreds of gold mint-s held in private owner
ship which never make public their out
put, and so closely is the secret kept that
even the summary made yearly by Wells,
Fargo & Co. does not include the work of
these private holdings.
Englisn papers and reviews have made a
great potter about South African gold
mines, promising all sorts of dividends
and profits to those who have invested
their money on the advice of Barnato and
his friends aud allies; but when the bal
ance sheet is made up at the end of the
present year no one need be surprised to
see California resume her former position
as the great gold-producing section of the
world, and that, too, in spite of the won
derful discoveries and developments in
Colorado. The mountains, hills, valleys
and gorges of the Sierra Nevada and Coast
Range are in reality almost an undiscov
ered country, and, with the aid of modern
anci cheap processes of extraction anu re
duction, gold-bearing ore can be worked at
a prolit which a few years ago would have
been pitched on to the waste dump or used
in a crude way as macadam. We may
look with confidence for the year 1896 to be
a banner year for gold mining in Califor
nia, and to recali the traditions of the "fall
of '49 and the spring of '50."
BEWAKE OF ALASKA.
The warning of an ola resident of Alaska
to all who may be tempted to seek tbeir
fortunes in the gold fields of that region
should be heeded. Ke declares that nearly
half of the men there now are destitute
and unable to secure employment. All
the established mines accessible from the
coast are fully stocked with miners, and
prospecting and developing are all that is
left. As for employment in other voca
tions, there is none to be had.
There is no doubt that much truth exists
in the accounts of rich discoveries that
have been made there, but the hardships
which accompany the industry are too se
vere for any except those sufficiently
equipped. Provisions are necessarily very
dear, and no work of any kind Is possible
during the greater part of the year. The
mines which have secured rich returns are
owned by wealthy corporations enjoying
every facility which a poor man is denied.
The recent reduction in steamer rates to
Alaska, coupled with the fabulous stories
of rich discoveries, has resulted in crowd
ing the boats engaged on the run. Hun
dreds with barely sufficient to pay their
passage are going north. They do not
realize that the conditions are wholly dif
ferent from those in new mining camps
elsewhere. The extreme cold imposes lim
itations which prohibit an ordinary min
ing boom. An evidence of the severity of
the cold is shown in the fact that in pan
washing for gold the quicksilver will not
act as it does in a milder climate, but per
mits all the float gold to escape, retaining
none but coarse gold.
Alaska has great possibilities for wealthy
investors, but not for men who depend on
their daily labor or wno want to take the
chances of making a valuable discovery in
prospecting. It is one thing to find a rich
deposit in that remote and difficult region
and another to obtain a purchaser. As for
depending on what may be secured by
pan-washing in the glacial moraines, con
sidering the very short season during
which that raav be done, it should appall
the hardiest spirit. Besides, the richest
deposits are far inland, to which no one
dare penetrate unless he be amply pro
vided with money and provisions.
ATI INGENIOUS SAFEGUARD.
George A. Fleming, a fruit-grower of
Visalia, has devised so ingenious, simple
and efficacious a scheme for protecting
orchards from frost that it should be
known as widely as possible. It should be
borne in mind that frost occurs only when
the air is still. Hence fires built around
an orchard will send their heat and vapors
straight up into the air, while building
them among the trees would be dangerous.
Mr. Fleming, after various experiments,
hit on the following plan. Pie thus de
scribes it: "We built wire frames on our
low truck wagons, stretching th-em from
four wagon* stakes and heaping wet
manure over them. Dirt was thrown on
the wagon-beds to protect them, and pots
of burning tar were act underneath the
straw roof. A barrel of water on the
wagon was used to keep the straw wet.
The?e wagons were driven about and did
the best work, as they could go wherever
most needed. The smoke and vapor were
carried to the rear as the wagon moved,
and, being at once out of the mine heat,
fell close to the eround in a long white
trail. At daylight our whole 400 acres of
orchard was covered with a white foz ex
tending from the ground about twenty
feet high."
That seems to be a perfect solution of
the problem. The wasrons may be driven
among the trees or anywhere else, and the
blanket of vapor left behind is a sure pro
tection against frost. The idea is econom
ical, the question of fuel being one that
j every grower can answer for himself.
QUINCY ON SINGLE TAX.
Boston's Aristocratic Mayor Surprises and
Delights the Disciples of Henry George.
The single-tax advocates of Massachusetts
consider that they have won a victory by eu.
listing Mayor Josiah Quincy of Boston in their
behalf. Mr. Quincy belongs to the blue-blooded
stock of the old Bay State. At a recent single
tax banquet Mayor Quincy was one of tha
speakers and brought forth great applause by
his sentiments. He declared that it was a
great pleasure to meet with a class of people
who appreciated the definite and vital impor
tance to a community of its tax laws.
"It strikes me as the most important thing
•bout this single-tax movement," said Mr,
Quincy, "that you recognize so fully what the
average citizen fails to recognize, uot only the
importance and influence upon a community
of the tax laws, but also that you see the great
benefits that can be wrought out by wise and
intelligent changes in the laws affecting taxa
tion, which will remove tiie burdens from in
dustry, which will give a better field ior busi
ness and which will distribute taxation
equitably and justly throughout the commu
nity.
"bince I have seen the progress of the single
tax, since I have seen the number oi active
and intelligent citizens whom it has enlisted,
and seen the enthusiasm which it has aroused,
I have felt that the single-tax doctrine and the
single-tax movement was something that
would have to be reckoned with.
"It seems to me from the standpoint of the
single tax that you are right in ieeling that
you are supporting a movement for the sim
plification of our present tax system In tnli
commonwealth and for placing the whole
burden of local taxes upon real estate.
"I am a strong believer in one of the ideas
made very prominent in the single-tax move
ment, the Vienefltof a simple system of taxation
as against the mass of complexity which we
labor under to-day.
"I am also in hearty sympathy with the idea
embodied in the principles of the single tax
that the attempt to levy taxes on personal
property ought to be abandoned. If experi
meuts have proven anything, t nev . have
proven the utter futility and impossibility of
collecting taxes upon personal property.
"A tax of that nature must be unequal in its
effect and a penalty upon the man who is hon
est enough to be willing to disclose all his
property, and it must of its very nature give
preference to those who believe that the State
has no business to levy taxes on their personal
property.
"1 feel very strongly in favor of the idea of
leaving a broad field for business and enter
prise, which I understand is one of the cardinal
points of the single-tax doctrine, and trie
moro 1 reflect upon the subject the more I. am
impressed with the great and effective change
which it would make here in the city of Bos
ton, if we could lift the laXHtion off enter
prise and commerce aiul industry and leave as
broad a lieid and as broad a scope as po>Mble
in this metropolis of Is'ew England for the de
velopment of every productive industry find
trade and commerce.
"We have made some progress in this direc
tion, and I think the business men of Boston
very generally are in sympathy with>-the idea
that the general welfare oi the city, its growth
and development, require that some of the
h«'avy burdens thai now rest upon business
and industry and commerce should be re
moved and that there should be a bigger field
ior the enterprise of our citizens and the pro
ductive use of capital, and that means a larger
field for the employment oi labor and higher
wages."
AS SEEN tROM MARS.
It struck the earth,
A flaming breath,
Ami all life shrank
In instant death. |
The granite hills,
The staining sen, ■
Bum into Ilatne
And ceased to be.
On neighbor Mars
A student wise
Leveled his glass
To scan the skle«.
" Dear me!" he cried,
.*• .'Tis us i found :
'1 hat little planet's
Disappeared."
Emily Hewitt I.kund in New York Sun.
RELIC OF OLDEN TIMES.
Hugo Fisher, the artist, is the owner of a
centes-table that is perhaps the oldest piece of
furniture in San Francisco. It came into his
possession through his deceased wife, who was
a Miss Pond, and it \wis an heirloom in her
family for 200 years. It is now about to pass
into the sixth generation.
When and where the table was ma<le is not
known, but from its Hyppenranee it is of Dutch
origin. The earliest record of the table is that
Center.Table Over 200 Years Old.
[From a sketch.]
it was once the property of Mrs. Van Brooklyn,
wjio resided in Long Island about, tne yenr
1700. She lived to be an old woman and at'her
death left the table to her daughter, who was
then a Mrs. Mead.
For some reason the table always changed
owners on the female side, troni" Mrs. Mead
it went to her daughter, Mrs. Logißtron, who
in turn bequeathed it to her daughter, Mrs.
fond. Mrs. Pond left it to her daughter, who
afterwaras became Mrs. Fisher. Not having
any daughter Mrs. Fisher left the table to her
husband, and it will eventually pass to one of
their sons.
The table is a splendid example of the join
ers' art. It is beautiful in form and is made of
solid mahogany and rosewood. The different
pieces are dovetailed together and there is no
sign of glue being used. In spite of its treat
age it is still as good as the day it was made.
The varnish is scratched in places, but every
joint of the woodwork is perfect. Not v single
Diece snows signs of warping. The table is
the regulation height and the ton is abtmt two
and a half feet square. It weighs over sixty
pounds. There are two drawers in front that
have the original locks on them. The key
holes are peculiar, being surrounded by pieces
of inlaid brass that are smoothed off even
with the front of the drawer.
Mr. Fisher does not keep his treasure hidden
away as a curio, but uses it in his studio as a
color stand, for which ii Is admirably adapted.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Rosa Bonheur is 74 years of age and still
paints horses. There Is a growing conviction,
founded on statistics, that great painters are
long lived.
Sylvester Dixon, "the grain king of South
ern Kansas," is accumulating a great store of
corn at Wichita, arid four days before the Na
tional Republican Convention he will start a
train of forty cars of corn for St. Louis.
It is rumored in London that the Queen con
templates conferring a dukedom upon Prin
cess Beatrice. It is probable if this intention
is carried out that the Princess will be created
Duchess of Kent.
Miss Frances E. Willard notes it as a token
of the progress of temperance reform In the
South that it is no longer considered bad form
for a gentleman to decline a drink. Miss Wil
lard attributes this change of sentiment solely
to the influence of women.
Miss Ella Cohen of Atlanta holds the posi
tion of register of vital statistics and clerk for
the Board of Heahh, with credit to herself and
hex sex. She is declared prompt and polite at
the same time, a combination keenly appre
ciated by those with whom she is thrown.
Jose Maceo, the Cuban general, when a
mountain bandit, plotted, to capture John
Sherman when that personage was making
the lour of Cuba some years ago. Maceo ex
pected that the United States Government
would pay a large ransom for the distinguished
captive.
The suit of Marquis dl Mareacotti of Bologua,
Italy, against the Princess Anna Maria Tor
lonia of Rome, which has just come to an end
in the former city, has excited widespread in
terest. It had a curious origin. In 1821 a
Torlonia was married to a Marescotti and
brought him a marriape gift considerably less
than had been promised. The Marquis of that
time sued for the difference, and the present
Marquis received a verdict of 2G7.000 francs
against the family.
PERSONAL.
J. B. Porter, a business man of Salinas, is in
town.
E. Rowlands, a mining man of Placerville.is
in town.
Dr. \Y. B. Sherman of Manchester, lowa, is at
the Palace.
X. B. Graham, a business man of Seattle, is
in the City.
George H. Bell, a mining man of Carson, has
arrived here.
Charles B. Devereaux of Portland is at the
Cosmopolitan.
J. 11. Lesher. a prominent attorney of
Chicago, is in town.
CharJes E. Swezy, a merchant of Marygvllle,
arrived here yesterday.
L. R. Wing, a member of the Chicago Board
of Trade, is at the Palace.
David Starr Jordan, president of Stanford
University, is at the Occidental.
Dr. L. C. McKinnon of Stockton is a guest at
the Cosmopolitan, accompanied by his wife.
11. L. Herzinger, editor of the Ukiah Herald,
is in the City. He reports that Mendocino
Couuty is prosperous.
D. S. Parke, who has f.or some time been at
Apia and other places in fcamoa, is here, ac
companied by his daughter.
Dr. T. A. Rottaiizi has returned from a two
weeks' sojourn in the Eel River country, about
which he is very enthusiastic.
J. L. Itobinettc, one of the proprietors of the
California Odd Fellow, published at Sacra
mento, was iv the City yesterday.
About twenty-live Raymond and Whitcomb
excursionists, who have been seeing different
parts of the State, are at the Palace.
Judge W. T. Arteny of Walla Walla, who was
Justice of the Peace and Police Juoge in that
city, is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
Charles Erickson, the railroad builder of San
Luis Obispo, who has been at work for the
Southern I'acilic Company, is at the Grand.
Joseph Ladue, one ot the pioneers of the
Yukon River, who has been engaged In
mining and trading for many years, is on a visit
l:ere.
W. J. Thompson, who for several years was
president of one of the banks of Tacorna and
who was largely interested in lands and in
various enterprises, is in the City.
John Beoweroft, one of the heaviest mer
chants of Ogdt-n, who has been there a num
ber ol years and who is well known throughout
Utah, is here on one of his semi-annual busi
ness trips.
Senator William Johnson of Courtland, who
is one of the Commissioners on California
rivers and harbor*, arrived hero yesterday
from Washington, where he has been for about
a month past.
Senator J. If. Cleaves of Redding, who has
been at Washington, I). <:., in reference to im
provements on the California rivers and har
bors, is at the (Jrand, accompanied by Dr. C. C.
Gleaves of Redding.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. N. V., March 11.— J. M. Lord is
at the Albemarle, .7. J. Bryce at the Windsor,
E. Mason at the Westminster, G. A. Moore at
the Astor, R. 11. Pease at the Brunswick.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
PLACER COUNTY FRUIT.
The Crop Not Materially Injured by the
Late Frosts.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
I have watched with interest the reports sent
out from here regarding the damage done by
frost to the- fruit crop in this district, wnlch '
have been very much exaggerated. At first the
outlook was rather blue or seemed so, as it
was impossible to ascertain the exact extent
of damage*. - The last couple of days I have
taken the trouble to investigate many orchards
on both high and low land, and I am confident
that the output for Newcastle will be fully as
much as last year, and may exceed it.
Ii will be only a few growers that will not be
compelled to thin their peaches. TheKelsey
Japan plum and apricot is probably affected
the most of any fruit, and there wilJbe a good
half crop of them. There la some little com
plaint of Black Oregon cherries, but the tar
tarimi.' are loaded. I might say that there are
but few apricots grown here, so it really does
not effect us much.
From the dispatches published in the San
Francisco paper* the county newspapers are
writing from, and I have already seen a couple
of articles which state that Newcastle is all
frozen m>. Geo. M. BtSBKX.
Newcastle, March 10, 1896.
SUPERIOR TO ANY OTHER.
Fresno Watchman.
Under the progressive management of
Charles M. Shortridge the San Francisco Call
lias gone rapidly to the fiout as a rewspaper.
Its system of collecting State news is probably
superior to that oi any other California paper.
Its publication of metropolitan events is in
the most ehoic? form and abreast of the hour.
Telegraphic reports from all over the world are
most elaborate, and are artistically headlined
and attractively presented. Mr. Shortridge il
lustrates in the editorial department the jus
tice with which he has been termed a brilliant
writer.
Of course, we deprecate the tenacity of his
adherence to the Republican party, and while
recognizing his ability and The Call's merit,
we console ourselves with this belief that he i 3
vet young enough to eventually ripen into a
Democrat. ,
A JACKET COSTUME FOR GIRLS.
Jacket offeets are always extremely becoming
to little prirls, and the one shown here is an
unusually graceful cut. The full undetfront
is becoming alike to stout or very slender fig
ures. A stylish addition is the narrow belt,
which may be of lenther, gilt braid or ribbon.
The skirt is simply gathered into the band, a
five-inch band of hair cloth or some stiff inter
lining being set on the bottom to give the
proper flare. Wash dresses are simply
hemmed at the foot, and worn over very full
petticoats.
A dress of cadet hlue had a full vest of blue
end green shot silk. The revers and collar
were likewise of the silK, with preen spangles
net on. The round yo*e at the top of front
had rows of green braid. A dress of dark blue
mohair had a ve«t of batiste, crossbarred with
.strides oi many bright colors. The sailor col
lar was oi the same fabric, the revers being of
the mohair.
A white duck dress had a full front of flo
ured white lawn. Th»> collar, revers aud
jacket lining were of dull myrtle-green silk.
The heavy cottons, such as duck, cheviot,
etc., make up beautifully after this model. One
of a blue and white broken cneck had a vest of
white iawn. Therouna fringe of all-over em
broidered cambric. Rows of white braid
edged the sailor collar aud revers.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
There are more ways than one of growing
famous. In these enlightened days greatness
avails a man nothing if he cannot impress the
fact in a new and startling manner on a blase
world. There is Seidl, for instance. Any one
would imagine that he wad great enough to
tour the land, depending on the magic of his
conducting alone; but Seidl knows a trick
worth two of that. His musical lore and his
artistic temperament are all very well in their
way, but the pnblic likes to have something to
stare at and talk about, and Seidl means to
give them what they want. The other day he
and his orchestra of sixty-four musicians went
to Menlo Park, N. J., to visit Edison. La
chaume, the pianist, accompanied them; so
did Sauret and Rivarde, the violin soloists of
Anton Seidl, the Conductor Who Is to Inaugurate on Epoch in Electrical
Advertising.
the Seidl tour. The orchestra pleyed all sorts
of Wagnerian selections— the lire scene from
"Die Walkure," the prelude and glorification
from "Parsifal" and other exalted gems— and
mammoth phonographs drauk up the sound?,
while kinetoscopes reproduced Peidl in the
act of conducting. Then Rlrarde played con
certos, so did Sauret, and they were repro
: duced phonogniphically and kinetoscopioally,
' so were Lachaume's performances, and when
the party left Edison he assured them that by
the 2d of May, when, the Metropolitan or
chestra starts on its tour, a number of ma
chines would be ready to send on ahuad of the
artists, which would far surpass the work of
any human press agent. This is not all, how
ever, that the wizard has promised to do for
Seidl. Of course the great man and his solo
ists are to travel in a special car. Inside this
will be a car of the common or garden variety,
but electricity is to be so used in its outward
adornment that at night wondering rustics
will see for miles around the word "Seidl"
written iv letters of lire as the train flashes
through the country— all of which shows that
Seidl, in addition to being a conductor, is a
1 mnn who knows the spirit of the times in
I which he lives.
Ambroise Thomas had a pet retreat, where
he retired from the world each year to medi
tate and compose. It was a little island in the
archipelago of St. Gildas, off the deDartment
of Cotes-du-Nord. He bought it over twenty
years ago and built a charming villa there,
close to the little harbor, which was large
enough to shelter his yachts Mignon and
Trecor. M. Arnouin-Duniazet, writing in Le
Temps, has this to say about AmbroiseThomas'
retreat: "Very tiny is this isle of Illiec. It is
composed of three immense rocks, joined by a
strand of pebbles, on which thick grass has
grown up. Between two oi these rocks Am
broise Thomas built his villa, a granite
structure one story high with a gabled roof.
Three of the windows look on a vine-covered
walk, another three command a view of the
terraced lawn, beyond which is the wide ex
panse of the ocean. At the foot of the rocks is
a li t ile garden, and among the crags and cliffs
are pine trees and little paths in which the
celebrated composer loved to wander.
"It was in tin- little kingdom that Ambroise
Thomas composed 'Mignon.' The villa was
furnished by him with odds and ends that lie
had been picking up for years; old curiosities,
beuchcH and cheats that had long served the
peasantry in the "Surrounding country, but
j the living-rooms were fitted up with more
comfortable furniture. His own, room was
very simple, howver; a little iron bed in a
corner and an old chest of drawers inlaid
with copper were all the furniture he used,
but the room was hung with antique Gobelins
tapestry. The island, situated as it is between
the restless ocean and the calm waters of Port
Blanc, is a charming retreat. One quits it
with regret, custing ■ lagt look at its horten
sias and yuccas, which fraternize with the
cabbages in its little garden."
In Europe it has hitherto been supposed that ;
Americans possess the monopoly of inventing
patent transformable furniture. t»omo writers
have gone so far as to say that in American j
households if you take up a hand mirror you i
are apt to find that it is a frying-pan on tho |
other side ; that musical boxes are disguised as
armchairs: tea cosies as footstools; and that
neariy ali the window draperies are instantly
transformable into fire escapes. Kuropean in
genuity has lately set itself to work to achieve
.something transformable on Its own account,
and M. J. F. Cuypcrs, a manufacturer of in
struments at The Hague, now proudly an
nounces that he has invented a new type of
harmonium, which can be changed at will into
a writing-desk, a dressing-table and a book
case. The Continental press bestows consider
able praibe upon this latest addition to the
ranks of musical instruments.
German composers continue to employ the
shining hour by composing new works and
sending thent to the theaters subsidized by the
different courts, where the works are carefully
examined 'and form for the most part the
object of a special report. The Royal Opera
house of Dresden received last year no less
than thirty-seven new scores, which were
almost all rejected, and the other theaters have
had equal evidence of the industry of com
posers. Even third-rate theaters in Germany
do not hesitate to produce an entirely new
lyric work, but the production of new operas
&o fur exceeds the consumption that it is im
possible for all to be nroduced.
Le Meneslrel says: "A simple little docu
ment shows the value of Am broise Thomas as
a teacher. It is the list of his pupils who in
the space of fifteen years obtained the grand
prize of Rome at the Paris Conservatory for
composition. This is the list: 1857, Charles
Colin: 1861, Theodore Duboig; 1862, Bour
gault -Ducoudray; 1863, Massenet; 1864,
Victor 61eg; 1865, Charles Leneveu; 1868,
Rabuteau and Wintzweiller; 1870, Charles
Lelebvre; 1871, Gaston Serpette; 1872, Gas
ton Salvayre. One must add that Salome and
Charles Constantine obtained the second prixe
in 1861 and 1863."
The Bayreuth festival this year will last from
July 19 to August 19. A reserved seat for the
whole series of music dramas only f«tss2O,
but of course the expense m unts up in the
cost of living. There will be five representa
tions of the "Niebelungen Ring." The "Rhein
pold" will be given on Sundays, "The
VValkeure" on Mondays and "The Dusk of the
Gods" on Tuesdays. "The Rheingold" will be
given without entr'actes and will begin at 5
o'clock in the afternoon. "Parsifal" will not
be performed this year.
"Aucassin and Nicolette," anew opera which
has been expected and talked of for a long
time, has jnst been presented with success at
the Royal Theater, Copenhagen. The music :a
by August Enna, a young composer whose
former opera, "The Sorcerer," caused him 10
be locked upon as the coming Danish com
poser. The new work has not disappointed the
hopes which had been based on Enna's future.
At Brussels "Mignon" was being performed
when the news arrived of Ambroise Thomas'
death. Marie Van Zandt. the American prim*
donna, who was winning great applause in the
title role, came before the curtain at the end of
the second act and placed a beautifnl
between the leaves of the score as a triblite to
the master. : ""■ "" " *'■ : ■ ''* f . '
Frederick Co wen, best known in this country
as a composer of songs, has been chosen sue.
cessor to the late Sir diaries Halle as conduc
tor of the famous Halle Symphony orchestra,
which gave such fine music to Liverpool, Man
chester and many other cities of the United
Kingdom.
At the Municipal Theater of Basle a new
Opera, "Gudrun,"' by Hans Huber, has met
with great success.
Hermann Levy's mental condition is reported
to be growing worse. There is no possibility of
the great conductor's even being present at the
Bayreuth festival this year.
It is expected that the Seidl orchestra will
reach this City May 18. If satisfactory arrange
ments are concluded a three weeks' season will
be given here.
CURRENT HUMOR.
Mr. Faxon— Did you observe anything in the
| way of a temperance movement in the mining
j towns out West?
Returned traveler— Well, the nearest thing
I taw to one was out in Livingstone, Mont. Out
I there they charge 25 cents for beer.—Somer
| ville Journal.
Bennie— What's a conversationalist? *
Jennie— Oh, it's a man who doesn't hare to
stop talking when he hasn't got anything
more to Bay.— Truth. _ .
Little Billy— What is meant by the Indian
reservation, ma?
; His mother— Their disinclination to talk, oi
course. Will you never learn?— Roxbury Ga
zette. •
Boggs— Can you rely on Jones' friendship?
Fogg— l am afraid not. He owes me some
money.
. Boßgs— Can you rely on Brown's? )
Foeg— Ob, yes. I owe him some.— New York
World. '•■
"Mary," asked the old man, "whose picture
is that on the front of the paper you hare?"
"That is a picture of President Cleveland,"
said she.
"Great Caesar's ghost!" exclaimed the old
man. "Has he been cured oi something, too?"—
Adams Freeman.-
"well, here is the" money you've been' tor
; menting me for," said a rich uncle to his
■ spendthrift nephew. "Use it wisely, and re
! member that a fool and his money are soon
parted." _
"I don't know about that," replied the
I young scrapegrace. "I've been coaxing you
more than a week for this."— Harper's Bazar.
"Twins, your Majesty," announced the nurse,
"and both girls."
The King started violently.
"Well, that beats me!" he exclaimed with
emotion.— Detroit Tribune.
Amateur tenor— Did you hear me sing last
night?
Frankman— No; the fact is, I got into the
jam at the door and couldn't hear anything.
- "What l 'Was there such a crowd trying to
get in as that?"
• "No— to get out."— Moments.
Citric horehound cough drops. Townsend'a.*
• • •
California glace fruits, 50c lb. . Townsend'*,*
■ ' • . » — * — — ■ — —
Special information daily to manufacture:*.
business • houses , and public men by the Prssi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
• — ■♦ — •
Casimir Felix Badeni. the present Premier of
Austria, is the son of a cook. His father, who
was the chef of one of the last Kings of Poland,
,was created ,a s Count. ;>: Then his aunt, the
famous German actress, Anna Wierer, left him
the half of her large fortune. In 1871 he be
came District Chief of Zolkiew, and two years
later entered the Ministry of the Interior.
Growth in knowledge Is the only cure for self
conceit. Faith in Hood's Sarsaparilla is a sure cure
for indigestion, loss of appetite and that tired
feeling so prevalent in the spring. '
• m •
Sufferers from . Coughs,' Sore Throat, etc
should be constantly supplied with "£roun'»
Bronchial Troches." ..;.'• • ■ ■ - • •■■
" If you Buffer irom looseness of the bowels, Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bittern will surely cure you.THUKSDAY .MARCH 12. 1896
: AMUSEMENTS.
• Balcitin Theater — "A Milk White Flag."
California Theater—" Capt. Impudence: " or
■"Mexico," Monday evenine. March 16.
. Columbia Thilater— "The Wicklow Postman."
Moeojco's Opeha-Houik— -The Silver King."
• Ufoveb's Alcasab.— "The Mikado.*
• Tivoli Opeba-Hocsf.- ■ The Hooiah.'
Orphxum.— Hi<rh-Clas» Vau<ieville.
The Auditorium— Corner of Jonea and Eddy
streets— Materna and Ondncek.
Jlacdosoc6h Theater .Oakland) — "Vir-
ginius."
Mechanics' Pavilion— Bicycle Tournament.
Phoot the Chutes— Dally at Halght street,
cl« block east of rt*. Park.
*cific Coast Jockey CLrrg.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By K. J. LEUTHOLTZ.-Thls day (Thursday),
Furniture, at 773 Market street, at 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan <fc Doyle— Saturday, March 14,
fiorses, wagons, etc., at 2432 California street, at
11 o"rlo<k.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
The anarchists will organize to-night in
Apollo Hall. .
•'Fair Thursday" is predicted by local Fore
cast Official A. G. McAdie.
Local Items bright and brief, can be round on
this page of the Call every morning.
Fran ilaternais the earnest advocate of much
vocal stndy before singing Wagner's music.
Miss Tillie Morrisey has been made the only
■Mci "deer* of the order of Eiksin California.
Tbie Yee Gar Hung So Society, a Chinese
benevolent association, has filed articles of in
corporation.
• c meeting of the Board of Education
last evening the school census enumerators
were selected.
No plans were chosen for the new munici
g at the meeting of the Board of
Supervisors last night.
Attorney Herrin commenced the opening
■ at in the Southern Paciric case before
Judge McKenna yesterday.
The Board of Health has discovered a bloci
in one of the most populous districts of the
City where no sewers exist.
Negotiations to consolidate the San Francisco
Gas Company and the Edison Electric Light
concern are still in proere;*.
The Southside Improvement Club will ask
.the Supervisors to extend the improvements on
Folsom street to Third street.
The (secretary of the Master Painters' Associa
tion concedes that the journeymen painters
lave virtually won their strike.
: has bs-en acquitted of the
felony charge aeatnst him. and the prospects
for his speedy release are very bright.
Frederick Warde talked to the young ladies
of the high school- of :he Ci:y yesterday after
noon upon the read: ~.s of Shakespeare.
Mrs. Helen M. Gousar will give an address at
the Young Men's Christian Association to
morrow, Saturday and Sunday evenings.
The winning heroes at Ingleside yesterday
were: Jane Andrew?. - . n Leake, B&s
--samo. Service, Thprnaiil and Philomena.
'-•card of directors of the Mechanics' In
execntiye officers
yesterday with E. A. Denfeke ss presider.:.
- -s of the Hale <&
mpany vest reform ticket,
headed by Jeremiah Lynch, was victorious.
James Lull of Berkeley was arresrod by De
tectives Gil - I booted
Prison en two charges of forgery.
Warrants were - - - tin the Police Court
:ay for the arrest of the str •. - lathers
uses of battery and assault to murder.
N"o authentic news has been received from
the overdue Rio Janeiro. A reinsurance of 15
per cent was taken on her in London yesterday.
The two recent murders of women of the
half-world rave caused tfeat class of people to
make an almost general exodus from the City.
Detectives taker and Seymour returned
from Minnesota last night with A. H. Dean
and Joe McCluskey, the Nevada Bank forgers.
The Supreme Court baa somewhat modified
its ...on about allowing trial judges to in
struct a jury to acquit or to find for one side or
the other.
A warra':; was sworn on: in Judge Low's
-■ veyterday for the arrest o: Ge
h in" a>; - or, on the charge o: m
to pro-. *
fifty members have resiened from the Btir
iinsame Club because, ilis said, they were not
pleased with the horsey set or the fad for for
eign carre?. MVM
Fltb more of the creditors of P. P. Schmidt
r.ave filed a petition to have him declared in
solvent. They represent debts to the amount
32150 01-
David Starr Jordan told his audience at the
Day of Science Hall last night that happi
ured by unnatural means always re
d misery.
Judge Coffey has allowed the 520.000 legacy
left to Joseph Laveaga by his uncle, Jose Vi
cente Laveaga, to be taken from the general
funds of the estate.
The will of Mrs. Lucy Ooodspeed. leaving her
So'X),000 estate unequally dnided among her
■■?n. was filed for probate yesterday. There
! t. contest.
P. H. Johnson of the Alaska Packers' Asso
ciation, and hi? wife, formerly Mrs. L
-. are stopping In the City for a few days
I Mr. Johnson's departure for Alaska.
Repairs on the revenue cutter fleet are
rapidly proeresslng, sn.l they will soon be
ready for their Bering Sea cruise. The Bear
• i her old black coat, and has taken on
■:olor.
Tne Lathers' Union strike was unchanged
- :-.y. The members claimed that their
g committee did" not provoke the assaul:
ten at work in a building on Post street
-. -ernoon.
Lieutenant-Commander Turner. of the Naval
>a and Colonel James of the Governor's
- ■
: the monitor Con I . anche. She will b*.
towed to tnis City next Saturday.
A. B. Henderson, the late managinz editor of
the Examiner, is aoout to sue Christopher
- "blind boss, 1 ' for libel on account
rtain statements the latter made in a
Call interview. The papers will be filed to
•vr.
Dr. Brown was on the wUness-stand for five
hours yesterday. His testimony was not al
ways ciear, and two or three times he made
damaging admissions. It is thought the ca^e
•will be closed to-day and that the council will
reach some conclusion by to-morrow.
REPAIRING FOLSOM STREET.
Southside Improvement Club Will
Petition the Supervisors.
The Southside Improvement Club held i
an executive session at Dr. Rottanzi's of- j
fice on Third and Folsom streets last even- j
ice. ;
It was decided that the executive com
mittee would present a petition to the '
Supervisors on Monday asking that the j
$3700— remaining of the $35,000 I
appropriated for the improvement of Fol- j
•on street from Nineteenth to Sixth be ex- j
pended for a continuation of the improve- !
ments from Sixth street to Third.
The secretary was instructed to send no- i
tk-e> to propertv.holdert on Folsom street, ■,
irorr Nineteenth to Third, cubing them to ;
overhaul the sewers and water and eas .
pinea and asking the owners of vacant
property to make connections with the i
tervice "as far as the curbs, making the ■
connections twenty-five feet, and recom- i
mending that such measures will prevent :
the tearing up of the street when jepairs I
are necessary. ■ . ,
The committee appointed to confer with
thp gas and water companies— A. ii. Ma
t'uire, G. L. Center, Dr. T. A. Kottanzi, J
Schwartz and L. W. -McE wen-reported
tliev- had .secured a pr 'mine that the main j
am! tiitteii '.vould be overhauled, and eaea j
pro pert v-holder would be responsible to
the amount of $15 each. • „
A committee, consisting of Leon Samuels,
A. B. Maguire, Joseph Kelly and J. B.
v. hay was aptK)inied to wait ui>on the
Mar"ket-street Aailway Company to-day
and a«k that their portion be bitumimzed
at once, in order that the progress of the
works of street improvement De not de
layed.. ■.
. ■ ■ •— • — ► —
Stop, Thief!
:stop a small malady, which Is stealing your
•sren?th, bef are It cumins y<mr power to arrest It,
an<l r-cove- what it too* from >ou. Thesaiest ana |
promptest recuperator of wanlag vitality fsllos- (
tetters Stomach Bitter*, which renpws vi.cr, Ilcsh j
and nerve quietude b?c*tije it re-tore* activity to .
tiiose fiinctioos whose lnterrap:loa !■*< I •■' •■ with
general health. CM the Bitters for dyspepsia, ma- j
larial, rheumatic and kidney complaints and til-. J
!ou9aes&. < 2JS£SB 1
THE STRIKE IS
NEARLY ENDED.
Painters Claim That Their
Victory Is Now in
Sight.
BOSSES ARE GIVING IN.
The Master Painters Concede
That the Journeymen Have
Won.
COMMITTEES HARD AT WOEK.
1 Lathers Also Confident of Success.
Warrants Out for the Post-
Street Fighters.
There is every prospect at present of the
; strikes of the Lathers' and the Painters"
and Decorators' unions coming to an end
within a few days, and with success to the
J. \V. Hose. President of the Painters' and Decorators' Union and an Active
Leader in the Painters' Strike.
[I'iom a photograph.]
strikers. In the case of the lathers, al
though it is a small organization, it is pow
erful, because it controls all but about ten
lathers in the City. Hence it controls the
trade, and no wort can be done un
til the strike is over. Eveu should
non-union men come to the City to take
the place of the strikers the union wouid
be quickly backed by the Building Trades
Council, of which it is a member. With
regard to the unfortunate affair on Post
street, in which several men were hurt in
a free fight, the union states that it was
started by the men assaulting the visiting
committee, and that the latter were not
the aggressors.
The painters' strike seems to be nearly
at an end, for the boss painters have
given in to the demands of the strikers by
the dozen, and now there are hardly a
dozen non-union shops in the City. Even
the prominent master painters acknowl
edge that the strikers hare actually won.
So far there has not been a single overt
act committed by the striking painters,
aDd their conduct has won for them the
respect of the general public.
THE PAINTERS' STRIKE.
The Journeymen Are Confident of
Winning a Victory Very
Soon.
The striking painters believe that they
see victory ahead and that success will
crown tneir efforts for a better condition
of affairs very soon. The master painters
also by word and action have conceded the
victory to the strikers.
Yesterday was productive of gratifying
result 3to the men. Dozens of boss
painters, both great and small, agreed to j
accede to the union's demands, and sev
eral hundred applications for membership j
were presented by non-union men. Even !
one of the Dosses asked to be admitted into
the painters' union. The working-card
system of the Building Trades Council, of
which the painters' union is a member,
still continues to be the stumbling-block,
for the bosses claim that they do not un
derstand its meaning in full." As soon as
it is explained tne bosses find but little
objection to its provisions.
The union has for a longtime past be
lieved the foreign painters to be their
enemies, who would work for less wazes
and longer hours and cut under the union
men on all occasions. Yesterday tney
learned that such was not the case. The
committees visitine the Latin quarter were
received with open arms, and every foreign
painter and boss spoken to ent' usiasti
cally agreed to stand by the union, join
the union ranks and work shoulder to
shoulder in the cause of labor. They will
be oreanized at once and become a part of
the Building Trades Council.
It seems that the fear of painters from
other cities coming to San Francisco to i
take the places of tne strikers was uo- j
fouiided. A committee of twenty-five
waited at the wharf for the arrival of the
steamer from Portland in the belief that
at least fifty painters were coming from I
that city, lliey were agreeably disap
pointed, for but one painter arrived, and
lie was a union man.
Last evening a special relief committee
was appointed to look after any painter
who is suffering for the necessaries of life ;
in consequence of being out on a strike.
THE MORNING MEETING.
Ten Permanent Committees Ap
pointed to Do Missionary
Work
At 8 o'clock yesterday morning the
! committees w ich had been appointed to
do missionary work amonp the bosses and
those who refused to strike assembled in
the Temple at 115 Turk street and became
\ permanently organized.
The City was laid oat in ten district
| and a committee of ten vras appointed to
look after each district and visit every
shop, job, workman and boss in every dis
trici. This was Mclvor's idea, and
upon the suggestion of President Rose
the committees were made permanent.
The men were directed to use only argu
ments and under no circumstances to resort
to force or use violent language. These
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
instructions were followed to the letter.
In one or two instances the committees
met men who threatened to use pistols if
interfered with, but they kept their tem
pers.
REPORTS OF RESULTS.
But Few Bosses or Painters Refused
to Co-Operate With the
Union.
Snortly after 8 o'clock last evening
President Kose appeared at the striking
painters' meeting in the Temple to hear
the reports of tne committees who nad
been at work. The hall was filled to the
dcors, and, as the chairman gave an ac
count of their stewardship, the reports
were received with cheers.
These reports showed that nearly all of
the more pretentious boss painters had ac
ceded to t!ie union's demands. Many of
the remainder said they would give in if
the others did. A very few declined to
comply with the demands. The recording
secretary had his hands fall for over two
hours entering thp names of the new non
union men who desire to enter the union.
The experience of many of U:e comroit
twmen who had visited the various jobs
and bosses in the City were amusinp,
thrilling and interesting. Among the re
ports of jobs and individuals were the fol
lowing:
Committees 1 and 7, Davidson chairman.
He said that the Barton Bros., on Kearny
street, near Post, pave in. Cooks' men
are getting the wages. Don't know how
the Cooks stand. Murray's shop is re-
Dorted as solid for the union, boss and all.
Near the County Jail four men workinefor
J. Figulo quit work, and tied up the job.
In Hinck'ey alley four men fled over the
roofs and quit work. Baccigalupi's men
came out for the union. The bosa is un
waliing to give in to the union demands.
Two men at Washington Hall, Union
and Powell streets, sent in their applica
tions. The boss is favorable to the union.
Patterson, the boss painter on the Greek
church, said he will stand by the union.
Three other bosses fell into line with
their men. In all, thirteen places were
• : and all bat two or three acceded to
the terms of the union's demands. Dur
inz the trip twenty-seven men sent in ap
] I cations and seven bosses agreed to the
demands.
Chairman Danielson stated that the
Italian, French, Portuguese and otht-r
> painters of the Latin race joined in the
movement with great zeal, and promised
to be at the meeting in tne evening. Kven
the policemen encouraged the committee
i in its effort?.
Journeyman Painter Gabrelli. who joined
the committee and did great service, said
; that many of his countrymen were in the
: hall and he wanted to "address them in
: taeir native language. He spoke for ten
minutes in Italian and explained the ob
' jeets of the union, the strike and the card
system, and nis address was received with
I cheers by nis countrymen all over tUe call.
The next report came from the Mission
■district. Committee 2 (Parker chairman)
i reported that nothing could be done on
the Hastings estate. On Valencia street
; two union men were at work on Keefe's
job. They came out. At Shaefer Brothers'
lon Valencia street, near Nineteenth,
I nothing could be done with the men. On
| another of Keefe's jobs four men came
; out. Brace, the painter, said that he
' wouid not accept the card system. Four
i union men there will oe called out to-day.
I Brace has not the proper idea of the
i card system. F. Wiiooten, on Golden
i Gate avenue, says he will not accept the
! card. Gallagher, on Minna street, ac
i cepts all of the terms of the union. On
; Merchant & Nichols' job is a musician at
i work as a painter, and he declines to come ;
out. He will be reached through the Musi
j cians' Union to-day.
Committee No. B, Willis chairman— He
; said at .f'J'J Eli is street four men are wortc
! ing for |J 50. The property-owner escorted
j the committee out of the house with a
! pistol. One of the men left the job. John
i son's job on Bush and Jones streets is
' tied up. Bernard's job is ail right. Gal
lagher of 611 Sacramento street promised
to stand by the union. Deerin^'s shop,
on California street, near Kearny, is will
ing to accede to all terms. The job on
■ Geary and Leaven worth streets is all right.
The "men on Donovan's job, a f . 1013 Pine
street, are ail on a strike. Kieinert's job
at 1706 Laikin street is all right, lhe
same report was made for SnarTer. Jack
so:! & Stone's shop is non-union. Tne
same report was made for R. Wilris of 926
Washington street. Wagner's job on Ellis
street, near Powell, is all right.
Committee No. 4, R. T. Mclvor, chair
man — Thiadistrict was south of Market
and east of Tenth. Mclvor said that on
Bradley's job were three old painters who
were "pets" of the boss. They had re
fused to come out. Some one around the
premises oecame scared at the presence
of the committee and rang in for the
patrol wagon. When the police arrived
and found that there was no trouble
they laughed at the timid ones and went
away. The committee called at the Par
rott building to talk with a man and were
ordered away. The committee complied
with the demand. During the rest of the
d;iy the men worked amonc the small
jobs down on the water front and with but
lew exceptions their efforts were crowned
with success.
Coir ruittee No. 5, Bohn chairman — He
said his men went to the Richmond dis
trict. Got one man to leave Cooney Bros.'
job. Two men on the Children's Hospital
• inclined to quit or send in ttieir names.
The men are K. G. Gillod and J. J. Ryder.
Cot an application from one man working
for Mr. Beck to join the union. There is
more work to be done in this district to-
d a v .
Committee 8, Harter chairman— He said
the job at 9 Gough street is all right. The
same could be said of Beghule & Son, Jim
Hineman of 715 Fifteenth street and
Charles Abbes of Polk street. White of
Oakland has non-unicn men employed
on a job on Market street, near
Fifteenth. The committee was run
out of the house. Another job on the same
street was worked by a similar crew. G. \
A. McConneli, a carpenter at 3"_'2 Diamond
street, is doing a cheap job around the
corner and he will be reached through his
union.
A large number of individual reports
were made by the striking painters.
Among these was thai Swan & Stein's
jobs in several parts of the City are all right.
Zennski Brothers are working boys on
the Haight-street School job.
Waldon's job at 914 Oa* street is satis
factory.
Stroegen, the painter, stands out aeainst
the union and will not accede to any de- ■
mands.
McAuliffe has come to terms and now '
baa a onion shop.
A big victory was won in John Croft's
shop. Thirteen non-union men struck
last evening and will join the union on
Monday.
A report was made that Clark's shop is ,
now for the union, Clark having acceded ,
to the terms.
Ehat & Ellert, Sutler street, sent word
that they agreed to stand by the union i
last Monday, but that tne report had been \
overlooked."
J. O'Connell, 312 Fifth street, is now in
the line.
Mike Gallagher, on Sacramento street,
near Montgomery, now conducts a union i
shop.
Patchel & Batteau have acceded to the
demands.
The committee to look after the Kuss job j
at the Presidio was enlarged.
The committee appo.nted to organize j
the polishers reported having asked four !
polishers in the Parrott building to
join the union. They promised to
come out if the other four j
men at work would. The latter did so,
bat those who made the promise backed
down and were jeerod at by the workmen
on the job.
G. W. Schreck, Bush street, agreed to
the terms and has now a union shop.
Mrs. Leman, Bush street, near Broderick,
private job, three men quit, but she agreed •
to the terms ana »hey went back.
Sacramento and Laguna streets a large ;
force of men quit in the morning.
George Peterson, 2117 Leavenworth j
street, came to terms, and the men wili go
to work in the morning.
It was reported that one or two of the
striking painters were in need of help, i
Ames, Mclvor, Hoffman, Tichnor and !
Schultz were appointed as a general relief
committee to look after those who are in
want in consequence of the strike. One or j
two men have been substantially helped j
by the union since the strike besan.
Communications were received from the
striking lathers and the District Council of i
Carpenters indorsing the painters' strike I
and promising all the help IB their power, j
Mclvor made a short speech in which he
said that the strike is practically won.
Nearij all of the bosses have given in, and
all that remains is for the men to con
tinue w stand together and show by their
conduct that they are worthy of the re
spect of the public. The fight is for non
union men as well as the union men. A
few more days will see the end, and the
end will be a victory.
Journeyman Falon called attention to
tne unsanitary condition of the majority
of the houses in this City. The Board of
Health should look into the way the paper
hangers and whiteners put layer after layer
of paper and whitening on old walls that
are tilled with the perms of disease.
The striking painters will meet again a.t
3 o'clock to-day in the same place.
THE MASTER PAINTERS.
The Secretary of the Association
Fully Discusses the Strike
Situation.
From all appearances the master painters
have an idea that the striking painters
have virtually won their tight. At least,
as an organization they have taken no
steps in the matter. For a time their
silence was construed by the strikers to be
suspicious, but from the expressions of
several of the master painters they are
now waiting for the journeymen to bring
the obstinate bosses into line and then all
will accede to the union's demands. J. H.
Warner, secretary of the Master Painters'
Association, yesterday spoke freely upon
S the strike and the present situation. He
said:
I consider that the journeymen painters
: have virtually won their fight. I, tor one,
I have acceded to their demands and am p&v
--; ing the wages asked for. The union is too well
| organized and has too much snpjort fr>m the
other unions in the building Trades for the
bosses to mate anything: like a -profitable
fight. With the Building Trades Council at
their back the striking painters can tie up any
job or every job in the City for that matter.
Their demands are not unreasonable, and why
should ihere be a fight? It is the card system
that "sticks," but even this innovation in
> trades unionism need not cause any trouble
! until it has been tried and found to be a
| failure. In the East it has worked all right, so
; I am told.
The trouble with the card system is that the
painters themselves will kill "it. ' To-day I was
told by a boss painter that he had hirad two
union painters who presented their cards. He
told them that he could not afford to p .y $3 a
day, but they told him that that did not make
| any difference, as they would accept £2 50.
I They were broke, they said, and had to have
the money, even if it was below the union
rate. It is just such things as this that will
make their demands— card system and all—in
operative before they know it. If the journey
men painters win, as I suppose they will, they
will become indifferent ana drift back to the
1 old order of things, as. they have done many
1 times before.
They have taken a strange time to strike,
when business , is so dulL Heretofore they
Btrnck when business was grood, and we had to
use their services. Now only a few of the boss
painters have good contracts, such as Tom
Downing,- for; example, and they, of course,
gave in at once- '"'.'•• - ■'■ . and v.c had ib
their services. Now only a few of the boss
ners have good contract*, such as Tom
ning.- for example, aud they, of course,
• in at once-
The strikers hit St. Denis a hard blow, and
theie are many of the boss painters who are
not sorry for it. St. Denis has the habit of
hiring cheap foreign painters or dope-slingers
to do his work and the rest of us have but lit
tle-chance against him. When a man hires
ignorant foreigners who cannot speak the Eng
lish language for .*2O or $25 a month and rinds
their board in cheap foreign boarding-houses
for $15 a month the rest oi us cannot compete
for contracts when we are obliged to pay $3 a
day. •
There is or.c thing aDout this strike that I do
not understand, and that is why the Master
Painters' Association has not called a special
meeting to consider and discuss tne situation.
Under our new constitution and by-laws the
president and three members or five members
can call a special meeting. So far there has
been no apparent desire on the part "of the
members of the association to call a meeting,
although I have expected for three days past a
notice from the president to call such a meet
ing. Our regular meetinz will not be held un
til the first week in next month.. v :
It seems to me that the master painters' pur
pose in keeping quiet and not taking an active
part in this strike may explained in this
way: If the striking painters successful
with the bosses who are holding out, then they
will all agree to the terms. If they arc. not
successful, then the members of the associa
tion will not be able to afford to pay higher
wages for shorter hours than their business
rivals, who get men cheaper and -work them
longer hours. ;At the present I do not believe
that the masters are looking around for new
contracts. I are looking until the difficul
racts. I tor one will not until the dlflicul
ties are settled.
LATHERS EXPLAIN.
They Claim That They Ware Not
the Assailants In the Post-
Street Fight.
The situation in the lathers' strike con
tinued unchanged yesterday, and a com
plete cessation of work in their trade was
the result. There are eighty union lathers
in the City at present, and ten non-union
men. They are striking for a rate of 75
cento to $2 a thousand on laths and work
ing hoars not to exceed eight each day ;
also 2 cents to 6 cents a square yard on
iron lathing.
The account of the encounter between
lathers at Post and Larkin streets Tuesday
afternoon, as told by tne men who visited
the place and are implicated in the trouble,
is different from that of the injured work
men. Instead of the '-isiting committee
having been the attacking parties it is
claimed that the men at work were the as
sailants. It was stated yesterday by mem
ber? of the executive committee that the
scaffold under the workmen was not pulled
down, but that in the fracas it fell and in
jured several men.
The story of the invaders is that when
tliey approached the building they were
warnea not to enter.
"If you come in here we hhall meet you
with our hatchets," a lather inside ex
claimed.
To this the crowd replied that they did
not propose to be bluffed by a few men and
would enter anyhow and rea-on with them.
And when this was carried into execution
hatchets and pieces of scantling were freely
used. A right ensued and both sides suf
fered, but the falling scaffold and k the at
tempts to escape caused more injuries Jto
be inflicted than, were actually sustained
in the battle.
The executive committee of the Lathers'
Union was to have met at the Temple. 115
lurk street, but the presence of two police
men in plain clothes, who were supposed
to have warrants, had the effect of prevent
ing the meeting and kept several lathers
iway from the hall.
TO BE ARRESTED.
Warrants Out Aeainst the Striking
Lathers for Battery and As
sault to Murder,
James McCluskey.loso Howard street, has
sworn out warrants for the arrest of Peter
Rivers, Waiter McCoy, William Pettee and
Thomas Devillis on the charge of assault
to murder, and against Walter McCoy and
Thomas Devillis on the charge of battery.
Joseph Trade, 2378 Market street, has
sworn out warrants fcr the arrest of William
Starr, Daniel Dunn and "Oakland JacK '
on the charge of assault to murder, and
his brother, Walter Trade, against James
Holmes, D. J. McCrae and "John Doe"
Perkins, on a similar charge.
Peter Tra.le is contined to his house
from the injuries he received, and was un
able to appear in court and swear out
warrants. The other man assaulted,
Charles Cahill, is also to be heard from
yet.
Charles Mars, 76-5 Harrison street, who
wa3 assaulted by strisers Tuesday after
noon, while at work in the Snirley build
ing, on Fourth and Welsh streets, swore
out warrants in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday for the arrest of J. Dunn, P.
Rivers and W. Betteny, on the charge of
battery. His father, C. A. Mars, who was
working with him, was aiso assaulted, but
he was unaDle to leave home, where he is
in an unconscious condition from hem
orrhage of the brain. As soon as he re
covers he will swear out warrants against
the three men for assault to murder.
E. A. DENICKE PRESIDENT
A New Set of Executive Officers
Elected for the Mechanics'
Institute.
Joseph Leggett and Oscar Lewis
Showed an Equal Strength— The
New President.
The board of directors of the Mechanics'
Institute at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon at the secretary's office on Post
street elected a new set of officers for the
ensuing year.
Inasmuch as President Hallidie declined
to aeain submit his name to the directors,
and In fact positively declined to serve, it
brought other aspirants into the field.
Among them were E. A. Denicke. Oscar
Lewis and Joseph Leegett. As the day of
election approached Mr. Denicke with
drew his name, thus leaving tne contest
Detween Lewis and Le«cett, both of whom
had an equal number of votes but neither
sufficient to s cure an election. It was in
tit is dilemma that friends of Mr. Denicke
ur?ed him yesterday afternoon to recon-
Ernest A. Denicke. Who Succeeds A. S. Hailidie as President of Mechanics'
Institute.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
sider his declination 3nd permit his name
tn po before the directors.
This he did, with the result of getting
the necessary eight rotes on the first ballot.
Thia vote was eventually made unanimous. ;
Rodney Kenderick was elected vice- '
president, E. P. Heald recording secretary
and Joseph M. Cumming corresponding ;
secretary.
The new president, Ernest A. Demcke, j
was born in Hanover, Germany, tifty-six j
%'ears ago. At the age of 21 years h ■ en- !
listed in the Tenth New York Regiment:
on the 27th of April. 1861, and served until
December 21, 18tx>, when he was mustered ;
out.
He arrived in San Francisco the follow
log year and engaged in the cipar-making ;
business. This he followed until the Chi- j
nes • trouble, in which general strikes and j
other labor contentions compelled him to j
discontinue in that line of business.
After giving up the manufacturing of ;
citrars he went into the brewing business, \
and finally retired into private life.
He was* the principal organizer of the ;
San Franci.-co Signal Corp-, and i< much
esteemed hy the rank and rile of that or
ganization. _
RETURN OF THE FORGERS.
A. H. Dean and Joe McClunkejr Krought
Back Km m Minnesota.
A. H. Deon, the man who committed the
clever forgery on the Nevada Bank, and
his companion, Joe McCluakey. the'no
torious bank sneak-thief, are back in the
City after an absence of two months.
They were accompanied by Detectives
Whitaker and Seymour. and reached the
City by last night's overland from the
East. They all expressed themselves as
having enjoyed the journey from St. Paul.
Dean maue no opposition to returning,
but McCluskey, who was under arrest in
Minneapolis, tied instituted habeas corpus
proceedings and the argument was set for
2 o'clock that afternoon. When the de
tectives went to Minneapolis McClus
key, on being informed that the Governor
had signed the warrants, had the habeas
corpus proceedings withdrawn and ex
pressed his willingness to back.
The police and Pinkerton men in the
Twin Cities urged Whitaker and Seymour
to prolong their departure for a few days
till they could show them the suht3, but
thay were desirous of getting back with
their prisoner* as soon as possible and left
for this City on Sunday night, arriving, as
i stated, last'night.
" Pure and Sure."
Baking powder,
" I am convinced Cleveland's is the purest baking
powder made and I have adopted it exclusively in my
cooking schools and for daily household use. „
MRS. S. T. Rorer, Principal Philadelphia Cooking School.
MRS. GOUGAR LECTURES
The San Francisco Temperance
Union Tenders Her a
Reception.
She Will Grapple With the Question
of a " Way Out for the
Unemployed."
\
Mrs. Helen M. Gougar will be the guest
of the San Francisco Woman's Christian
Temperance Union at the First Christian
Mrs. Hel n M. 'iongar.
[From a photograph.]
Church to-morrow afternoon. She was
expected to arrive in Oakland to-day and
deliver a lecture there this evening.
She will be heard in this City on four
occasions — to-morrow afternoon, when she
will give a short address at the reception
in her honor: to-morrow evening .it the
Young Men's Cnristian Association, when
her subject will be "Woman's Saffrase a
Necessity"; Saturday eveuin^ on "Give
Us Work or Give Us Bread, or the Way
Out for the Unemployed," and Sunday
evening on a subject to be announced.
>lrs. Gougar is a fluent and spirited
speaker who has made a National reputa
tion by ncr espousal of the cause of
woman's suffrage and the temperance
movement. Commenting upon her address
to the United States Senate Judiciary Com
mitee the New York Herald says:
Her speech was a revelation. There has not
been such an exhibition of cultivated oratori
cal art seen in either house of Congress this
session.
The Woman's Christian Temperance
Unions of the City and State are glad to
secure her services in the lecture tour just
begun. Her itinerary includes Sacramento
on the Bth and 9th*inst. ; Stockton, 10th
and 11th ; Oakland. 12ih; San Francisco,
13th, 14th and 15th; Oakland, 16th; San
Jose, 171 h and 18th; Modesto, 19th, and
Fresno 20th.
Sne is accompanied by her invalid hus
band.
Mrs. Eva E. Bates Accepts.
The vexed question of a suitable successor i
for Mrs. Rose M. French as president of the '
Woman's Federation for Public Good has been ;
settled by a caucus of candidatei and mem
bers of tne nominating committee. Mrs. Jiva ,
E. Bates of the New Woman's Club has con- '
sented to serve on condition tnat Mrs. French i
act as first vice-president, whicn sne has con- j
sentea to. do. In all probability Mrs. Bates |
will be elected next Monday- by a unanimous !
vote.
It was a new bunko game attempted by
, a Belfast (Me.) genius, who cut ttie names
: off a petition two or three years old and
pasted them on his latest scheme before
the city government.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS. .
DON'T YOU MISS IT I
MECHANICS' FA Vi LION,
THUS DAY EVENING, MAKCH 12,
?;'v>. ::■■:-■. BKNiiFIT.TO- --y. '..-■'/
California Associated Cycling Clabs.
SPECIAL PROOKAM. 1 "-.-- i .
OTTO ZIEOIjEPI Jr.
Will ride against the world's one-mile record. '
One Mile Invitation Race— All the cracks will
ride. .■■■•.■■■•:... ■■..'•■ - -. -w . .... .•'. ". ..•;■■.■■.' ■':■■•.' ' ' ' ' ::: .-- :
- One ■■* Mile Professional Race— Between Osen,
Campbell and others. ,- -'- ./ -.
■■'' Five Mile Match Race— Between T. A. Griffiths,
B. C. W., and George W. Tantaa. O. C. W. ;- - "c ;
» One i Mile * Scratch-^ For : winners of ■ semi-finals
during' the tournament who have not won a prize. -
i '■'' . Reserved seats at Sherman, Clay & Co. Regular
prices. • -• '■■■': ■"■• "■■—■, V"
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
HOYT'S
A.
WHITE
AND PLEASE | That "A Milk White FUg"
NOTICE will be played
ALSO all next week.
Seats are now ready at the box Sice, and th«
; advisability of securing them in advance Is re-
: spectfully urged.
3 Weeks, beginning Mon
-SOMETHING NEW" IXD
I First Time Here of the Viet
"CAPT.mPDDEic£"o. .
By Edwin Milton Koyle.
Management of Arthur C. Alston.
Carload of Special Scenery, Costnmet,
1 Calcium Light*. Properties and Effects.
Seats Ready TO-DAY.
: >
nOLAH3IS.jOTTLOD« c°- USSW A33 ftKIMUZ- •
FULLY ONE I PEOPLE WAITED
THOUSAND I TO SEci
EUaENE O'ROURKB,
JOHN L. SULLIVAN. PADDY KYA.N
AND PARSON DA VIES.
In 1 heir Splendid Production of
••THE WJCKLOW POSTMAN!' 1
The Greatest Combination of Its Kind in America
Monday Next— "A TEXAS 3TEEK." .
THE AUDITORIUM.
FKIEDLANDE3, Gottlob & Co.. Lesseea&Managers
TO-NIGHT
THE GREATEST \ MUSICAL
Of ALL | EVENTS !
The World-Renowned Wa?cerian Sinier.J
MADAME'AMALIA MATERNA,
And the Great Bohemian Violinist,
HERR FRANZ ONDRICEK.
ISIDORE LUCKSTONE, Pianist.
. SECOND CO CKKT
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, MARCH 14.
a son sale to-day only at Sherman, Clay A
Co. music-house. IMI I I 111
rr;ces-50c, 1, $1 50 and $2.
NEXT ! Return of the' Weird
week) ANNA jcva fay.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. i.BXBSTiN-E Kbelinu, Proprietor &, .Manner
DON'T MISS THIS!
rp- TO-NIGHT •!•
I3C THE MERRY OPERA, H
!"THEHOOLAH!"|
O BRIGHT MUSIC! O
• 2LI "THE COUNTRY BAND." Xj .
A Lovely Costumes' .A.
; 3E3E Beautiful Scenery! ■-■
I "A Trip Throngh the Midway Plaisancc."
NEXT WEEK
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
GROVER'S^ALCAZAR.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
"THE MIKADO !"
Positively Farewell Appearances
w, tTHrleto
■ In ■an Francisco.
Prices— Night, 75c, 50c, 35c, 25c, 15«.
; Matinee, 50c. 35c, 25c. 15c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
i WALTER MOROSCO. : Sole Lessee and ilanasaf
• THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Grand Production, After Weeks of Preparation, of
the Incomparable English Success,
"THE SILVER KING"
Without a Solitary Exception
I "The Greatest Drama of the Century."
5-vssiss I'bici-*— 2sc and 53c
Family Circle and Gallerv. 10c. ■ i
Cgnal Matineea Saturday ana snnrtny.
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Street. Between stocH;oa aai Po-»»a.
I TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE TTEEK
MORE EXTRAORDINARY ATTRACTIONS
NEW TO SAN FRANC '.SCO:
! The Famous linger, Song- writer and ilonologuitt.
THE A TriOS FAMILY,
The Greatest Acrobatic Quintet in the World.
Return Engagement, for One Wees Only, of
RACIII:L WALKbR,
The Celebrated Creole Nightingale,
i And On ■ Peerle«b Vaudeville Company.
Reserved teats, We; Haicouy,' 10c; Opan ca*irt
and Box seats. 6Oc ■'.■;..■. ' '■'. 
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND.
F EOKKKK WAiiDE.
To-night. " Virjiinius." I riclay eve.. "Kins: Lear";
; Sat. Matinee (Popular Prices). '-Julius Caesar": .
• Sat. eve., '-Damon and Pythias."
' £3" Choice seats now on s i:e. •.
i ~™"^
THE WEATHER IS FINE, SO .
i Shoot the Chutes and Trip the Trolley!
Afternoon and Evening.
ADMISSION CENTS.
; Children (including Merry-Go-Round Kide), 100. .
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
I
(Ingl«si<le Track).
FIVE.OR MORE RACES DAILY.
BBSpafc:- (RAIN OK SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
I
ADMISSION 81.00.'* /
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Town-
I send streets Depot, leaving a: 12:40 and 1:15 p. it.
I Fare \ for ; round trip, including admission to grand .
i stand, I.™ Take ilisaion-street electric Un« direct
j to track..-. '-".•.' -. . ' ; . \
A. B. SPBECKEL3, W. S. LEAKE.
: I ■' 9nudtau ■ <r . --etxe:*rr.
78
THE GALLOWS
THEIR SYMBOL
Local Anarchists Arrange
to Organize This
Evening.
TO ADOPT A PLATFORM.
The Constitution Is to Contain
Several Aspersions on
Socialism.
TO ABOLISH GOVERNMENTS.
The Ceremony of Baptizing the Red
Flag of Anarchy Will Occur
on Sunday.
The enthusiasm of the new band of
anarchists in this Cit\ has just about
reached a boiling point, and to-night they
will band themselves together into a fede
ration, which will have the gallows as its
symbol and the red and Dlack flag as its
standard.
The gallows was adopted a? the badge
of American anarchists after five of the
fraternity were handed some years ago in
Chicago. All the members of the new
federation will be expected to wear little
g iid or silver badges bearing tne figure of
the gallows under ihe coat, on the side
which is popularly supposed to be nearest
the heart.
There is great enthusiasm over the
organization, though how many men and
women will actually sign the rollcall to
morrow not an anarchist can be found
rash enough to predict. Pistio Gori will
give his eighth lecture to-morrow in
Apollo Hall, in which he will make a sort
of anarchist declaration of independence.
Afterward the platform will be read, and
all those who wish to join the Italian
Federation of Socialistic Anarchists will
be invited to step on the platform and
append their names to the anarchist roll
call.
Printed copies of the platform will also
be distributed in the hall. The document
begins with an arraignment of capital,
which, it says, keeps ali the riches of the
earth for one privileged class. "Whj
should not the natural riches of the earth
—air, light, water— belong to all?" asks
the document, "and why should not the
riches p-roduced by the workmen belong to
the workmen?"
The platform of the anarchist contains
some hard digs at socialism ; for one thing,
it declares that government ownership of
the means of production would bean im
mense peril to liberty, and would probably
result in a tyranny worse than any the
worJd has ever seen.
The anarchists decry the idea of any one
owning anything; tlieir platform demands
equal distribufon of wealth; forbids
the accumulation of property by individ
uals; says no state or government should
be permitted to exist for a moment, and
predicts that when the means oi living
are assured to all crime wiil disappear and
the good sense of the individual will make
it quite unnecessary to have any laws.
"Human laws," says the platform, "are a
violation for the most part of natural laws.
The best means of getting order is to create
well-being for all, then|tbere will be no in
centive to crime." There is a good deal
more to the same effect, and all gocd anar
chists have to pledge themselves not to
vote, as wielding the ballot is tacitly ac
knowledging the power and efficacy of
government, and all forms of government
are supposed to be pernicious and oppres
sive. How the anarchists mean to accom
plish their ends by refraining from voting
is not explained Id the constitution, but it
is one of their doctrines, expressed but not
written, that a great social and industrial
revolution is coming upon the world, and
that when it has passed away the reign of
anarchy, liberty and fraternity will have
begun.
On Sunday the g and crowning cere
mony of the new federation will take
place, when the red and black banner of
the new lodge will be baptized. Pietro
Gori will stand as one spon»or to the
emblem of red-handed anarchy and Mrs.
A. Gaffe will be the other. On Sunday
night two anarchist plays by Pietro Gori
wiil be acted, the chief one being "With
out Country" (Senza Patria). On Mon
day the anarchist orator will take his de
parture to fresh fields and Dastures new.
Organizations similar to tne one about
to De founded in this City already exist in
many of the towns in the United States,
Including Chicago, New York, St. Louis,
Denver and Cleveland, Ohio.
"CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
A Drama in Which Some American
Heroes Are Kemeniberod.
Edward Milton Royle's new play, which
has been presented for the last twenty-six
weeks throughout the country under the
NEW FIVE-STORY HOTEL ON MISSION STREET, PROPERTY
OF A. W. WILSON.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.)
title of "Mexico," will be presented at the '
California Theater next Monday under
ttie name of "Captain Impudence." Tlie :
latter name fs mere suggestive of a oontedy <
production than was the former, and Mr. j
Jioyle has decided to present it under that [
title, as it is a romantic comedy and not a
lieavy drama, as the title "Mexico" would
suggest. The piece is founded on the war j
betwecn Mexico and the United States,
and recalls the exciting and glorious
achievements of our heroes in that strug-
vie. Texas, the immediate cause of the
war, declared its independence in 1835, and i
In March of that year the famous defense
of the Alamo occurred at Ban Antonio,
General Santa Anna marched into Texas !
with an army of 10,000 of his choicest
■roops and immediately besieged the j
Alamo, where Colonel Travis, with 250
men, had shut themselves up. They ;
fought until only one man was left. Santa
Anna, enraged at the loss of 1000 troops,
ordered the single prisoner to be shot and
the bodies of the garrison to be burned.
When these heroes saw all was lost, they
sang "Home, Sweet Home" until only
the one man was left.
NO PLANS CHOSEN.
Supervisors Still Listening While Ar
chitects Explain Klaborate Plans
for a Municipal Building.
No decision was reached by the Super
j visors last night in regard to the plans for
the new municipal building on Kearny
and Washington streets. The Committee
on Buildings reported back the plans of
1 flve architects without recommendation.
! These plans were then reconsidered by the
board acting as a committee of the whole,
and on motion of Supervisor King the
board adjourned till next Friday evening,
when any of the other architects who may
desire to explain their plans will be heard.
The five architects whose plans were
chosen as the best were Messrs. Banks,
Mooser^ Shea, Newsom and Smith & Free
man.
T.ere were no more indications of an
agreement than on the last time the board
discussed the plans, and at the very be
diming a question asked of Architect
Banks by Supervisor Hobbs indicated that
8 still fiutuer delay might be desired by
the board. Mr. Hobbs wanted to know if
Mr. Banks would object to putting his
plans an exhibition at the pavilion in a
couple of weeks?
"1 don't me the use of the delay," was
the answer; "the citizens would not go to
see them."
"It would be their own fault then," Mr.
llobbs replred.
Mr. Banks expressed willingness to ex
hibit his plans as long as it might be
deemed necessary.
There was no uiscussion as to the com
parative merits of the plans. The com
mittee of the whole merely reported that
t lie live plans had been examined. The
opinion was expressed that Friday's meet
ing would bring the matter to an issue.
• SALE OF MISSION REALTY.
Good Prices lteallzed at Auction by
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.
Yesterday's auction sale of some fifty
lots in the Mission warm belt by Shain
wald, Buckbee & Co., brought out a good
crowd and the prices realized were very
satisfactory. The total amount of the sale
was $33,115. The lot at the corner of Po
trero avenue and Twenty-first street, size
34 .-6xloo, sold for $2ioo. The two lots ad
joining, 25x100 each, fronting on Potrero
avenue, brought $1125 per lot, while the
third lot from the corner sold for $1100.
The opposite corner of Potrero avenue and
Twenty-first street, size 25x100, sold for
$1750. and the adjoining lot, same size,
fronting on Potrero avenue, brought $920.
The lot, 25x100, at the corner of Potrero
avenue and Twenty-second street, sold for
$2230, while the adjoining lot, same
size, fronting on Potrero avenue,
Bold for |1125. The two lots adjacent to
the latter brought $1075 each. T"hree lots
fronting 25 feet each on Twenty-second
street, near Hampshire, with a depth of
97 :6 feet, sold for $B^o, $830 and $820 re
spectively. The corner of Hampshire and
Twenty-second streets sold for $1175. Ten
lots, 25x100 each, sold for $720 per lot, two
for $725 each and one for $7.50. The corner
of Hampshire and Twenty -first streets
brought $1125. and two lots fronting on
Twenty-second street sold for $760 and $750
respectively. On the opposite corner of
Twenty-first and Hampshire street- a lot
25x109:6 sold for $1200. Two adjoining
lots, same size, sold for $870 each, and a
third for $810.
THE NEW WILSON BTJILDING.
A Handsome Structure for Hotel Pur
poses Just Completed.
A handsome new brick building on the
; sonth side of Mission street, near Fourth,
; has just been completed by A. W. Wilson,
j It is a five-story structure, 50x100, with
j basement, and is most substantially built
I throughout. The front is designed in the
i old Spanish «tyle of architecture and pre
\ sents a decidedly ornamental appearance.
The ground floor is one larce store, with
| massive plate-glass windows, and thebase
' ment is finished with cement walls and
floor. The upper stories are arranged for
j hotel or rooming-house purposes. There
j are about 100 rooms in all. The finish
; throughout is all of grained wood and in
: the front rooms, of which there are six
i teen, are handsome mantels constructed
of quarter-sawed oak and tiling.
Each floor is supplied with closets and
j bathrooms, the latter being furnished with
I porcelain tubs. The plumbing throughout
; is of the most modern sanitary kind. The
' majority of the rooms are furnished with
stationary wash-stands, with hot and cold
i water connections, while neat combination
gas and electric light fixtures in every
room afford ample lighting facilities.
On the top floor is a large dining-room
and kitchen. The entrance to the upper
j floors, also the stairs, are finished in quar
! ter-?awed oak, highly polished. The floor
joj the entrance is of mosaic tiling. v A
'• swift-rnnnine direct-electric passenger ele-
v ator affords easy access to the upper por
-1 tion of the building.
The locks are all of the Yale make.
They arc arranged in sets, one set to each
i floor, each arranged to master key. All
I the hardware is of hand-some brass" metal
and is also of the Yale make. The build
j ing was constructed under the superin
tendence of William Thomas. It is now
to let and can be inspected at any time.
; The carpenter work was done by Peterson
i & Oisen, the brick work by H. H. Larsen
and the cement work by Gray Brothers.
The plumbing was executed by Richard
Rice, the light fixtures were supplied by
the San Francisco Novelty and Plating
Works, while the wiring of the building
and other electric work was done by Ed
ward F. Henzel. The mantels were fur
nished by Bush & Mallet and the elevator
is from the factory of Cahill & Hall Ele
vator Co. The locks and hardware are
from Dunham, Carrigan Sc Harden Com
pany, and tlie shaded for the windows were
supplied by E. H. Marwedel. The patent
chimneys were furnished by S. E. Clawson
A: Co., who also supplied tlie patent hoods
to the mantels, that prevent smoky chim
neys. The grill cage for the elevator was
manufactured by the Excelsior Wire
Works, while the painting, polishing and
graining throughout the building was ex
ecuted by George J. Smith & Sons.
THE SATS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
CLAIMS OF BUCKLEYITES
What They Will Demand and
Do Before the State Cen
tral Committee.
I
THE JUNTA CREATING PEACE.
Chris Buckley and Others Talk All
Sorts of Political Wisdom and
Prophecies.
The Democratic war clouds, that are ex
pected to break with tremendous dis
turbance at the meeting of the State
Central Committee next Saturday after
noon, thickened yesterday.
The Buckleyites have about put on the
finishing touches to their war paint, and
they have marshaled the ablest and
bravest of their generals and orators in
preparation for the expected battle over
the question of whether or not Gavin Me-
Xab's Kainey-Daggett organization is to
gain the prestige of recognition by the
State Central Committee.
The Buckley general committee held a
rousing special meeting in Odd Fellows'
Hall last night and adopted fierce resolu
tions declaring the stand of the Buckley
faction. A committee with full dis
cretionary powers was appointed to de
fend the interests of the Buckley side at
their discretion and to any extent of their
war resources, and to concede, treat or re
treat, as they may deem best. Tnis was
the first heavy gun of the battle to be fired.
The Junta's anti-Buckley general com
mittee will meet in Pioneer Hall this
evening. Resolutions will ba adopted and
a committee of some sort appointed. The
chief interest concerns the display of
Kainey's strength, if any such display is
made. As Herculean efforts are being
made to avoid a row with the
Kainey-Dageett forces and lo avoid
any indication that Rainey's strength is
large, it is not likely that the row that has
seemed certain will come off. Concessions
have been made to the Maxwell faction in
the Fourty-fourth to avoid striking on that
rock. Tom Maxwell held a conference
with Chairman Sullivan last nieht, and an
agreement about the delegates from the
Forty-fourth will likely be reached to-day.
Buckley has returned to town, and yes
terday he paid in an interview that it was
all none of the State Central Committee's
business, but if the committee made the
local mess its business it would have to do
something broad and fair or the people
would rise in rebellion and there would be
two delegations to the State convention.
That is the position of the Buckley
element from its top to its bottom. It is
ready with heavy-weight orators, wit
nesses and affidavits to establish and de
fend the right it claims to be "the"
regular local party, but is ready and
anxious for a primary of the whole party.
If this is not conceded it will march
right ahead to the State convention
ignoring everything done to stop it.
Gavin McXab and other representatives
of the Junta have ready fierce and eloquent
speeches denouncing Buckley as every
thing that is vile, *.nd as a traitor to the
party. But then the Junta is so largely
Rainey ana Daggett that there appears no
pru?{>ect of its getting the prestige of ex
clusive recognition from the State Central
Committee or for there being anything
else than a new deal for the local party, at
which Buckley will win. possibly with the
assistance of Rainey when the time comes.
BUCKLEYITES TAKE ACTION.
The General Committee Clears Its Decks for
the Battle.
The Buckley general committee packed
Odd Fellows' Hall last night. There were
present 401 of the 450 members, and the
spectators were many. There was saw
dust on the floor, as usual, and a Demo
cratic air and style to every feature of the
gatherings and proceedings.
Chairman Joseph Rothschild and Secre
tary Daniel M. Gavigan had a big, enthu
siastic and at all times unruly audience
before them.
There vrere* but two important features
to the proceedings. Strong resolutions de
claring the sentiments of the Buckley wing
on the local split were adopted, with some
tart and vigorous discussion, as they were
read by M. J. Donovan. Then a commit
tee of twenty-five, to right the battle before
the State Central Committee, was ap
pointed. The committee on revision of
the constitution, which had prepared an
amendment creating an executive commit
tee of ninety, did not report as it was ex
pected to do.
The resolutions moved by M.J. Donovan
were as follows:
Whereas, In public and private it Is asserted
that the Democratic State Central Committee
at its meeting called for Saturday, March 14.
1806, contemplates recognizing as the local
Democratic party organization of San Fran
cisco a bolting or rump body, known by the
cognomen of the "Junta," whose members
openly claim that the said disorganize™ have
a majority of the State Central Committee and
proxies of absent members under their control;
and whereas, said action or Interference in
local political affairs if taken, without this
general committee's special request, is revolu
tionary and contrary to all precedent, rights
and time-honored custom of all prior State
Central Committees of the Democratic party;
and whereas, all State Central Committees
have always denied their jurisdiction or right
to interfere in local management of affairs un
less the regular county organization peti
tions them so to do, and all parties in
interest consent to their jurisdiction and
agree to submit to their decision and deter
mination; and whereas, in support of this posi
tion and said precedent, we cite the latest
Democratic ruling in this matter, to wit:
When on or about the 25th day of July, 1892,
the late State Central Committee, of which
several gentlemen of the present State Central
Committee were members, a body known as
the reorganizes of Sacramento submitted a
written communication, and otherwise asked
the State Central Committee to then and there
interpose and interfere in Sacramento local
politics aud award them the management of
the party, but were answered that the State
Central Committee could only obtain jurisdic
tion by consent of ail parties in interest , and
especially the county committee joining in the
request, and all agreeing to submit to ana
abide by their determination, of the question
in dispute as to who should control and man
age matters: and \\ hereas, after such refusal
and denial of jurisdiction, both factious sent
delegates to the next State convention held at
San Francisco in August, 1894, aud the con
vention, being the sole acknowledged judges
in all such matters iv party politics,
awarded the seats to thoso entitled
thereto, and thus acknowledged that side
as the future party managers, and this we
maintain is the only course the present State
Central Committee can now lawfully follow
when jurisdiction is questioned, and" we cite
the work of Winrield J. Davis entitled 'Politi
cal Conventions in California— lß49 to 1892,"
and published by authority of the State of
California, showing repeated instances of Uie
authority of all Democratic State conventions
of California, from the time of holding the
first convention in this State to seat delegates
and recognize local organizations; and we
also refer to the records of past Democratic
State committees to sustain our position; and
whereas, we believe the State convention
alone Is vested with proper authority, when
the jurisdiction of the State Central Commit
tee is questioned, and that the only duty the
present committee can perform on March 14,
IH9O, in this Presidential year, is to follow the
National call issued to ail Democrats of our
country and published on January 24, 189G,
by William F. Harrity, chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee, and on March 14,
1896, name the time and place of holding the
State convention, and apportion the delegates
and do such things only as therein required,
giving public notice so that the Democratic
local masses may send their representative
delegates to the State convention and obtain
their seats on the showing that they are en
titled to the same; therefore be it
Resolved, That a committee of twenty-five to
consist of the president and secretary and one
member from each Assembly district as also
five at large of this general committee with
plenary powers take full charge of this matter
and represent this general committee in any
way they may deem proper and appear before
said State Central Committee or not, as they
see tit, and
First— Raise the question of jurisdiction of
said Slate Central Committee in the matter.
Second— if said State Central Committee
without showing on our part should decide
said question in iavor of their jusisdiction to
enter a protest and then demand the right and
proceed lo prove that we are the regularly cen
stuuted and legally existing general com
mittee oi the Democratic party of the City and
County of San Francisco. And be it further
Kesotved, That said committee of twenty-five
is especially charged with plenary power to act
m all matters in the interest or the whole
Democratic party and avoid factional ani
mosities and technical disputes detrimental to
our party's welfare and are hereby authorized
in their discretion to waive some of our fixed
rights with the hope of uniting the Democra
tic party.
The following committee was appointed
to appear before the State Central Com
mittee:
Twenty -eighth District, J. H. Goldmeyer;
1 wen ty-ninth District, Thomas Egar ; Thirtieth
District, E. Isaacs; Thirty-second District,
Kiehard Barry ; Thirty-third District, John
0 Bnen; Thirty-fourth District, T.J. Gallagher;
frurtr-riith District, K. J. Carr; Thirty-sixth
District, S. J.Crowley; Thirty-seventh District,
J. C. Xealou; Thirty-eighth District, M. J.
Donovan; Thirty-ninth District, Frank Mal
loyc; Fortieth District, J. B. Mclntyre; Forty
first District, Keel B. Terry; Forty-second
District, \v. F. Humphreys; Forty-third Dis
trict, Samuel Newman; Forty-fourth District,
Charles -McCarthy; Forty-tiuh District. Dr.
James 1. .Stanton. At large — George R. B.
Hayes, Charles W. Pope, Henry Ach, P. F.
Duiidon and John McCarthy.
CHRIS AND_OTHEEB TALK.
Borne Opinions on What Will Happen Next
Saturday.
Christopher A. Buckley returned to town
from Ravenswuod night before last and
will remain here until next week at least.
Mr. Buckley assured a Call reporter yes
terday that he was in the City on private
business and that he is still "out of poli
tics."
Buckley was quite willing to talk for
publication about the local situation and
the State Central Committee's concern
with it, but it was of course only as a Dem
ocrat at large, having no personal interest
in what is going on. As Mr. Buckley is
likely to gain complete control of the locul
party, what he was pleased to say in his
plenitude of discretion may be of interest.
"I am out of politics, as I have said be
fore, though many people seem loath to
believe it," began Mr. Buckley. "I am a
Democrat, willing to do an y thing I can for
the party, and am willing to give advice
to my friends when it is wanted. There is
a newspaper here that seems <tetermined
to force me into politics, apparently to get
a chance to vilify me. People look at me
and say, 'You're looking first rate,' but
really I am a sick man, and if 1 were to go
into politics I would not laat long.
"I have taken no particular interest in
what the State Central Committee may
do, have met none of the members, anil
am not well informed as to the probabili
ties. I don't propose to do anything with
the matter. In my opinion the State
Central Committee has no right to inter-
I fere in this situation. If it does do so it
! should act in the direction of effecting
some arrangement by which all members
of the party could go out and battle for
| supremacy. Let the majority rule. As a
j Democrat", I would be giad to see some
i thing done to blend all elements of the
party in this City.
"I think that if the State Central Com
mittee should enaeavor to usurp authority
and hand the party over to a small fac
tion, which would be given authority to
name delegates to the State convention
representing the entire party, the people
would repudiate such a thing. There
would be rebellion against any attempt to
take away the rights of the majority and
hand them over to the minority. The
State convention is the highest authority
in any party. The State Central Commit
tee is" but the executive committee of that
body. The State convention is a legisla
tive body and the judge of the qualifica
tions of "its memb?rs. If a minority fac
tinn were recognized as the regulai organ
ization by the State Central Committee
the majority would co right ahead as
though such a thing did not exist and the
State convention would judce which rep
resentatives of the people were rightfully
entitled to seats.
'The regular local organization, as it
utands, is in the hands of good men who
are abl« to map out a platform and
nominate a ticket which will bring snecess
to the party. A few years ago we paid $1
in taxation, where now we pay $2 25, and
1 belie /c that the City government can be
run better than now within the dollar
limit. When the people pay taxes and
cease to pay royalty they can have good
government.
"But the party will come out all right.
There must be more or less strife in all i
parties. Joe Hamilton used to say : 'Boys, i
don't mind these orators who are vilify-!
me you. Why, there's no spirit in a Dem- j
ocratic convention without a fight.' Our j
party is made up of all elements, and the ;
firstprinciple of an Irishman is to hit a |
head when he sees it. But when the polls
are open they all go up and vote the Dem- |
ocratic ticket.
"Of course there are a lot of fellows in !
all parties who will get out and shout, '1 j
wouldn't do what that fellow does' — till;
they get a chance. There are now on deck
a lot of demagogue reformers who vilify'
men instead of attacking or advocating
principles.
"What the party needs here is organiza- j
tion. When it has prepared a platform
and nominated olticers ie needs some or
ganization to look to to see that pledges
and principles are carried out. That was
the way it used to be. Now there is no
organization — no power to look to. Offi
cials are amenable to nobody and they do
as they please and disregard pledges with
impunity.
"I am down here on private business
and I suppose some people will say that I
am trying to run the State Central Com
mittee, but J am not."
Gavin McNab talked, too, and again
about what the State Central Committee
would do about his party machine. He
said:
"The SUte Central Committee wants to
be assured that the organization it recog
nizes is Democratic and that it is not com
posed or brokers who wish to secure the
nomination of men to serve the purposes
of corporations ana of other men whose
throats they can cut. Buckley and Rainey
have been together in this business, and
they are equally obnoxious to the decent
element."
H. B. McAvoy is a member of the State
Central Committee, and has all along been
identified with the Junta. Recently he
has favored a compromise proposition in
stead of fighting lor the recognition of- fhe
Junta, and Gavin McNab has threatened
to "roast" him before the State Central
Committee. Mr. McAvoy said yesterday:
"I do not know whether I will introduce
any measure at the meeting or not. What
I believe in is a square deal, both in poli
tics and business. I believe that the in
terests of the party demand an open
primary that will give everybody a square
deal And let the majority of the people
fay who they want to represent them.
That's Democracy. I favor a primary
under the I'orter law, with inspectors ap
pointed by Registrar Hinton. I have seen
about twenty of the members of the State
Central Committee from out of town, and
while they are all opposed to Buckley, as
I am and always have been, they all seem
to favor some broad uroposition that will
unite the party and favor its success."
Said James H. O'Brien yesterday: "I be
lieve that the State Central Committee wil!
be fair and sensible and look at the ques
tion from the standpoint of justice, Demo
cratic principles and the good of the entire
party. It will do so if the meeting is not
a proxy meeting with Gavin McNab voting
the proxies."
Ills Buggy Wrecked.
John Geides, a bartender at 101 First street,
was driving alone Twenty-second street and
Treat avenue last night, when his horse bolted
and lie was thrown out. His left shoulder was
dislocated and the buggy was wrecked. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
English furniture is becoming fashiona
ble in Germany, according to the Vos
sische Zeitung, which advises American
manufacturers for the German markets to
copy English models.
ROBERT P. PORTER HERE.
The Ex-Supervisor of the Cen
sus Going to Study Japan's
Labor.
EFFECT ON AMERICAN TRADE.
He Is Satisfied That McKinley Will
Be Nominated at the Convention
in St. Louis.
Robert P. Porter, ex-Supervising Inspec
tor of the United States Census and
formerly a member of the Tariff Commis
sion, is at the Palace. He is on his way to
Japan to study the labor question and the
effect of competition of Japanese goods on
the American market.
Mr. Porter was the founder of the New
York Press, which he conducted till about
a year ago, when he sold it and bought
the Cleveland World. This he yet owns.
Mr. Porter has traveled extensively in
Europe hitherto in the investigation of
economical questions. In 1882 he went
abroad for the New York Tribune, and prior
to that he had made investigations of his
own.
There is a resolution of Congress asking
Robert P. Porter, Proprietor of the Cleveland World, Who Is En Route to Japan
to Investigate the Labor Problem.
[Sketched from life by a "Call' artist.]
for a commission to go to Japan to investi
gate the labor problem, but the commission
has not yet been appointed. Mr. Porter's
investigation is personal and unconnected
with it. He proposes remaining in the
land of the chrysanthemum till the last of
May. He wants to get home in time for
the St. Louis convention.
Mr. Porter is a strong believer in the
ultimate nomination of William McKinley
for President. Ke says he has lately been
all through the New "England States and
in New York, Pennsylvania, Illinois and
other States of the West. The feeling, he
Bays, is for McKinley first and last. He
thinks Tom Reed h*as no show, nor has
Cullom. As for Mr. All'son, he pays he is
a very good man. but, after all, the greatest j
thing he has done was to pass the inter
state commerce law, and he says every
body knows what that amounts to.
He predicts McKinley will get 400 votes
on the second ballot, and that then he will
win so much enthusiasm that there will be
a general break for him.
"A birdseye view of the Presidential out
look in New York." he said, "reveals a
lukewarm and apoplectic campaign for Mr.
Morton.
"In Pennsylvania Mr. Quay has Irmself
on his hands. He can't hold his own peo
ple from going for McKinley. He will get
the favorite son vote; that is, he will g?t ij
as a compliment the first time, and after I
that he will be nowhere.
"William Perm Nixon, who as editor of j
the Inter Ocean, the powerful newspaper
which has been putting forth^ Cullom's
claims, says it is conceded McKinley will
go into the convention at St. Louis with
more votes than any other man, adds:
'If McKinley is not nominated on the sec
ond ballot, then I shall regard Mr. Cul
lom's chance s as good as those of any
other candidate.'
"The fact is, all over the country Mr.
McKinley's great strength is being fust
conceded. He has been the central figure
in the last three great political campaigns,
and is now the legitimate and logical can
didate.
"It is admitted that the next President
will be i» Republican. Mr. McKinley, as
the able exponent of the tariff, and as
always one of the truest and ablest Repub
licans, will undoubtedly, I believe, be the
man who will be nominated."
Mr. Porter says he doesn't know the
Pacitic Coast because he hasn't been here
long enough. In Southern California,
however, he found an enormous number of
Republicans who were for the Ohio states
man.
Mr. Porter is accompanied by his wife
and children. He will probabiy sail in
about a week.
ARRESTED FOR FORGERY.
Two Charges Preferred Against James
Lull of Berkeley.
James Lull, a man about 40 years of age,
was arrested on Powell street yesterday
afternoon by Detectives Gibson and Wren
and booked at the City Prison on two
charges of forgery.
When Lull's father, who was a wealthy
resident of Berkeley, died, he was left $7">00
to be paid to him in installments by $. B.
Patterson, the executor of the estate. He
overdrew the amount, and the executor
refused to honor any more of his checks.
To get money Lull resorted to forging
the name of S. B. Patterson to several
checks and cashed them in various places.
On February 18 " a forged check lor $45
drawn on the Central Bank, Oakland, was
cashed by S. R. Mount of the Russ House
bar, and on Tuesday night a forged check
for a similar amount was cashed by the
proprietor of «*.he Auditorium saloon on
Powell street. Both identified Lull as the
man for whom they cashed the checks,
The police say there are a number of
others.
OCTOPUS BOUND.
The Railroad Commission Meets as
Usual, but Its Hands Are Tied by
the Kail way Suit.
The Railroad Commission met yesterday
in this City, but owing to the illness of
Commissioner Stanton no business was
transacted.
A letter was received from George W.
Reed, attorney for the Oakland, San Le
andro and Haywards Electric Railway
Company, asking an extension of time lor
a reply in the case of the company,
charged with beiuj; accountable to the
commission since it carried freight and
passengers. The ca«e was postponed until
the next monthly meeting of the commis
sion. As the company discontinued car
rying freight on March 1, it is likely that
the complexion of the case has been
changed and the matter will be drooped.
The commission is waiting the result of
the Southern Pacific trial in the United
States courts, and, meanwhile, it receives
no recognition as formerly from the rail
way. Indeed none of the transportation
lines in California are paying any atten
tion to the commission, now that its
validity is under judicial consideration.
The Wong Sam Case.
Wong Sam was before United States Commis
sioner Ileacock yesterday in answer to the
charge of unlawfully landing Chinese women
at this port. As thedefense was not prepared
to go on with the ca^e it was continued until
Friday. Wong Sam wns the chief witness
against Interpreter Williams in a similar ex
amination. His life as a highbinder and bad
man geuerally is said to be prolific of transac-
tions that will brood discontent in the treas
ury service. Collector Wise is anxious to have
the case settled at once. He was present in
court yesterday and insisted that the case
should go on next Friday.
FAILURE TO PROVIDE.
Warrant Out for the Arrest of George
Li. Montserrat, an Actor.
Sarah Montserrat swore out a warrant
in Judge Low's court yesterday for the ar
rest of George L. Montserrat, her reputed
husband, on the charge of failure to pro
vide.
She stated that while in the East her
husband deserted her, and she met Mont
serrat, who is an actor. They came to
Sacramento together, where they have
lived as man and wife for over two years.
Two children have been born to them, the
youngest being only about a month old.
Shortly before the birth of her last child
she sued Montserrat for alimony, but she
lost her case, as they had not been legally
married. The case attracted public atten
tion in Sacramento, and Montserrat let
that city and came here. She followed him,
and learning that he had secured an en
gagement at the Alcazar, she yesterday
swore out the warrant for his arrest.
An image impressed upon the retina of
the eye remains there an appreciable time.
This is the reason why a torch swung rap
idly seems to be a circular flame.
NEW TO-D4.T.
111
TAN BOOTS
FOR SUMMER
We have just received our lirst importation.
Latest stylrs. elegantly finished, large but-
tons, needle or narrow square toe. AH sizes
and widths from AAA to EE. You'll not
find so pretty a shoe elsewhere for less than
$3.oo— fifty cents In pocket by buying here.
Oxfords, same quality and style, .FI.OO.
EVERYBODY
WONDERS
How we can sell so cheaply. Simple enough.
We own this big buildinc— no enormous rent
to pay and yo;i share in the saving.
1346-1348 MARKET ST.
OPP. ODD FELLOWS' BUILDING.
Country orders carefully tilled.
FOOLING AWAY TIE,
Another Instance of the Danger of
Procrastination.
An Interesting Story With the
Bright Side-Lights of Truth
Thrown Vividly on It.
"PROCRASTINATION, OR "THE THIEF OF
-L time," as it is proverbially termed, certainly
works as much harm as any of the vices which are
more commonly called to public attention. The ■
man of an inquiring turn of mind Is conscious of
this, but the heedless may think "there Is nothing
much in It." It has caused hundreds of men to
fall to keep business appointments which might
readily have resulted in fortunes that have fallen
to the lot of others who have been more punctual,
and the men who keep criminal statistics say that
those unfortunates who appear to have "drifted"
into vicious habits unintentionally are almost all
of them victims of this pernicious habit. And
even nature verifies the truth of the assertion in a
marked way. If you have a cold and you neglect
it, it will not be surprising if it turns to congestion
of the lungs, in a mild manner at any rate. If you
have a bruised finger and do not keep the air from
it a fester may readily ensue, and so on. And
when we come to the more serious ailments — nerv-
ous diseases, for Instance— the danger of delay In
getting . proper help is at times appalling In Its
dreadful consequences to the procrastlnator. There
is. up in Trinity County, a gentleman who has a
very decided opinion on this point, for, to use a
colloquialism, "he has gone through the mill." It
is J. S. Bailey of Weavervllle, who was suffering
from a most severe attack of nervous trouble
when he applied to the great specialists at that
wonderful curative establishment— the Hudson
Medical Institute. Mr. Bailey's opinion on pro-
crastination is clearly expressed In the following
letter, which he has seen fit to write:
Weaverville, Cal., August 6, 1895.
Hudson Medical Institute, San Francisco, Cal.
Gentlemen: I will now state that after two
months' treatment with yen I feel fully restored
to health ' and wish to express my gratitude to
you for your speedy aid. . I so wish to say that
any person who may "be suffering from any nerv-
ous disorders would be doing themselves actual In-
justice and harm not to consult the Hudson Medi-
cal Institute without delay. Yours in health, _
S. J. BAI LE Y.
That is short, crisp and true. Every one who
consults these wonderful physicians has the same
sort. of praise for them. Just listen:
S. M. Hooker of Los Angeles writes: "I now feel
as though I was a cured and a well man."
Frank Minturn of St. Louis, Mo. : "I have not
felt so well in rive years as I do now."
E. W. Fowler of Kamele, Or., says : "I am feeling
as good now as Jt Is possible for a man to feel."
K. C. Taftof Stowe, Cal., writes: "I am feeling
fine, without a sign of a disease now."
Truly the amount of testimony of this nature
which is received at the great "Mecca for all
the sick" would surprise any one. Every mall
brings letters of thanks and appreciation, and It
is now unquestioned that for all curable diseases
nowhere is there so certain a chance for a rapid
and safe cure as at the grandest of disestablish-
ments of its nature on this continent.
THE HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
All the Following: Cases Are Curable.
Catarrh' 01 the head, stomach or bladder: all
bronchial diseases: all functional nervous diseases:
St. Vitus' dance; hysteria; shaking palsy; epi-
lepsy: all venereal diseases; all kinds of blood
troubles; ulcers; wastes of vital forces: rheuma-
tism; cout: eczema; all skin diseases, from what-
ever cause arising; psoriasis; all blood-poisoning;
varicocele; poison oak; lost or Impaired manhood j
spinal trouble; nervous exhaustion and prostra-
tion; Incipient paresis: all kidney diseases: lum-
bago; sciatica: all. bladder troubles; dyspepsia;
indigestion; constipation; all visceral disorders,
which are treated by the depurating department.
Special instruments for bladder troubles.
Circulars and Testimonials of the
Great Hudyansent Free.
■ Send for "A Knowledge of the Kldn*»v«l' t FREK.
Write for a "Book on the Liver." FR^E.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kill* Sts.
THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY OF NEW YORK.
BICHAED A. McOUEDT. President.
STATEMENT
For the Tear Ending December 31, 1895.
Assets ...............77~. 8221, 33
Liabilities 194,347,157 58
Surplus..... ... ......... 826,866,563 75
Total 1nc0me....... 948,597,430 51
Total Paid Policy-hold-
ers in 1895.; 833,126,72845
Insurance and Annui-
ties in force.'... ;. 8899,074, 453 78
Net gain in 1895... ■ .... 861,647,645 36
Note— lnsurance merely written Is discarded
from this Statement as wholly misleading, and
only Insurance actually issued and paid for In cash
is Included. - -
I have carefully examined the foregoing State-
ment and find the same to be correct. *
CHABLE3.A. PBELLEB, Auditor.
From the Surplus a dividend will bo apportioned
as usual. .-,;.; . • . ~ Jh ,«,-.>'»"",
Report of the Examining Committee.
Office of The Mutual Life Insurance Company
of New York,
February 11, 1898.
At a meeting of the Board of Trustees of thlt
Company, held on the 18th day of December last,
undersigned were appointed a committee to exam-
ine the annual statement for the year ending De-
cember 31, 1895. and to verify the same by com-
parison with th" assets of the company. "v .-.>;> r
The committee have - carefully performed th«
duty assigned to them and hereby certify that the
statement Is in all particulars correct and that the
assets specified therein are In possession of the
company. •'.-■
In making this certificate the committee bear tes-
timony to the high character of the Investments of
the company and express their approval of the
system, order and accuracy with which the ac-
counts and vouchers have been kept and the busi- I
ness in general transacted. " /
(Signed)
H. C. von Post, Robert Olyphant,
Ciias. R. Hendebson, Wm. Y. Dixon.
James C. H OLDEN, J. H. HEBBICK,
Committee.
ROBERTA. GRANnTsS, Vice- President
Walter R. Gillette, General Manager
Isaac F. Lloyd, Second Vice-President
Frederic Cromwell, • Treasurer
Emory McC'lintock, ' ; Actuary
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
— OF
TEACHERS I
; San Francisco, March S, 1890.
. The regular semt-annual examination of appli-
cants for teachers' certificates (High School, Gram-
mar and Primary grades and special certificates)
will commence at the - Normal ■ School building,
Powell street, near Clay, on FRIDAY, March 18,
1896, at 3 o'clock p.m. Applicants who wish to
pass an examination for High School certificates
or special certificates will send notice to tnls office
on or before March 6th. v •
In compliance with' the Stato School law each
applicant must pay an examination fee of $2 in
advance.: Applicants who intend taking the ex-
amination must register prior to the commence-
ment of the same, as no fees will be received oa
that date. _ , ,
Applicants for Primary Grade certificates will be
required to pass upon the following subjects:
Arithmetic, Grammar,' Geography, Composition,
History of the United States. Orthography au<t
Defining, Penmanship, Readln?, Methods of Teach-
ing,. .School Law, Industrial Drawing. Physiology,
Civil Government, Elementary Bookkeeping anil
Vocal Music." Applicants for Grammar Grade cer-
tificates, in addition to passing on the above stud-
ies, must also pass on Algebra, Physics, . Pedagog-
ics, Geometry, General History and Literature.
■ -■-, M.BABCOCK,
Superintendent of Common School*,
i Georoe Brass-ton, Secretary. - -
EL BONITO HOTEL
■VrOW OPEN TO -i. TOURISTS FOH THI
XV season: salt, and fresh water bathing, hunting
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: term*
reasonable. ; ~G. Morgan, •T?
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co. # CatJERE LYNCH AND
REFORM ON TOP
Hale and Norcross Stock
Voted Against Mes
ser's Proxies.
AN EXCITING ELECTION.
Economy Will Be the Watch
word of the New Board
of Directors.
HOW THE FIGHT WAS WON.
New Officers in the Stock Exchange.
No More Assessments— Smaller
Salaries.
Jere Lynch and reform won the day at
the general meeting of Hale it Norcross
yesterday. Me??er"s hosts were gathered
strong. They blocked the entire room
and they tried to block the entire reform
movement.
As the secretary read off each name at
the election yesterday the proxies all cried
"Messer"— and how many proxies there
really were. But stock is better than
proxies. It was stock that carried the day
for Lynch and reform. "When John Doe's
name was called and the proxy answered
"Messer" there was always some one to
call "stock" — "Lynch," at the same time.
Mr. Messer's attorney formally protested
ngainst stock being voted against proxies,
but even the Messer men laughed at the
objection, and the stock was counted.
It took more than two hours to com
plete the vote, but when the result was
announced the successful ones sent up a
rousing cheer that was heard down on the
street, and then the street knew that Jere
and reform had carried the day. The
word was quickly passed along and soon
the rejoicing was general.
JUJT here are 112,000 shares of stock in the
Hale A Norcrosa mine ana 107,000 of them
were voted, either by stock or proxy. The
vote stood: Messer 51. 1" 1 - 1 ; and Lynch 55,
--915%. The result in detail was as follows:
Shares.
For Lynch, Itoek 48,2785/ 8
For Lynch, proxies 7,637'
;; Total 55,91
■ .For Mpsser, stocK 11,113 6-8
For Messer, proxies 40,038 6-8
Total 51,162%
Only a casual glance at these figures will
tell the story of the lon* fight more plainly
than a column of explanation would make
them. Lynch's vote was largely stock.
M>sser's vote was largely proxies.
Two weeks atro Lynch had but 9027
shares to vote, while Messer had proxies
■ amounting to 50,903. The Lynch forces
must have done some hard work. Their
work was clean-cut and above-board, how
ever. They gathered in the actual stock
: and put no faith in proxies.
One of the peculiar things of the election
and the long fight that preceded it was the
action of Dr. M. A. Cachot of the old
• board* He was elected on the reform
tickmjmd all sorts of reforms were prom
ised l|pr him and by him. Yesterday Dr.
Cachyt cast in his lot with the Messer
forces, and now people are wondering just
what kind of a reformer he really is or was.
As to the reforms of the new administra
tion, there appears to be no sort of uncer
tainty. Reform and economy are the
watchwords and the work has begun al
ready. The new president's salary is
$100. The old one received $125 a month.
Jeremiah Lynch, the New President of
the Hale & Norcross Company.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
K. I*. Collins is the new secretary. His
salary will be $125 a month. His imme
diate predecessor, A. B. Thompson, was
paid $200 for the same amount of work.
Mr. Ta!i'_:erman will become the new
superintendent and foreman of the mine,
at a salary of $175 a month. Heretofore
there has been a superintendent at $2()0 a
month and a foreman at $175 a month.
Mr. Tan gey man's engagement is a hie
saving, but. it is only a starter. Inside of
a month the new board of directors expect
to effect a saving in operating expenses of
fully $l">00. There is also to be a consi'ier
ble "saving in office rent.
In a short time the old quarters in the
Nevada block, which cost $177 a month in
rental will be exchanged for new quarters
in the gtock Exchange at a rental ot f>u.
Heretofore rhp vice-president has received
a salary of *."*> a month. Hereafter the
vice-president will serve for nothing a
month. The new directors, who were
chosen immediately upon the result of the
vote being announced, are: President,
.'eremiah Lynch; A. Krause, Thomas Mc-
Donald, Arthur W. Moore, G. 0. hfneider,
Ed C, Barry and John L. Bradbury.
What is more pleasing to the stockhold
er? than anything else is the probability
that the new board will abide by its pledges
not only to reduce expenses a great deal,
but to do away with the assessments. No
more assessment* ! is the cry, and there
are some good, strong men behind the
Pledge.
"Ben Hui" Illustrated.
A mid-Lenten lecture under the auspices of I
Borromcan Council No. 120, Young Men's In
stitute, will bo delivered by Paul B. Hay in
Mission Opera Hall this evening. The subject
will be "lien Hur; a T«.le of Christ," and "the
lecture will be illustrated by stereopticon pic
tures.
THE OVERDUE RIO.
Xo News of the Absentee— Reinsurance
on the Vessel lH'gins to
Climb Up.
The Pacific Mail steamship Rio Janeiro
is out thirty-five days from this port bound
for Yokohama and no tidings have come in
from her. The steamship Empress of In
dia, which arrived at Victoria Tuesday
night, reported that February 29, when
one day out from Yokohama, she siehted
a steamer which was supposed to be the
Rio.
However, the Pacific Mail officials do
not believe the vessel seen by the India
wus the missing steamship, and they are
getting more anxious concerning the fate
of the big Pacific liner as the hours go by.
Still, her case cannot be considered hope
less, as several causes might keep her at
sea and prolong her passage even into a
danger length. A break in the machinery
would force Captain Russell to depend on
his small sail power alone, in which case
the clumsy Rio would creep over the
ocean for days unless found and towed in
by some more fortunate steamer. But it
must be considered that she would fare
badly shoiud the usual fierce Asiatic gale
catch her in that disabled condition.
General Agent Center of the Pacific Mail
Company refused to be interviewed regard
ing the overdue vessel, and cannot give
any information whatever. The first offer
for reinsurance on the Rio was made in
London yesterday morning, and 15 per
cent was paid in. The companies have
fought shy of risk so far, but now that a
start has been made it is thought that the
reinsurance will go up to 25 percent, and
even higiier, to-day.
The steamship China, which will sail for
the Orient Saturday, will follow in the
track of the Kio Janeiro and search care
fully for the derelict during the passage
across the Pacific. Tne City of Peking
sailed for Yokohama subsequent to the
Kio, but as she took the southern route it
is not probable that she will see or Dear of
her overdue s : ster till she reaches port.
She should reach Yokohama next Sunday.
THE DRIED FRUIT TRADE.
L. R. Wing, the Chicago Dealer,
on Its Condition in the
East.
Partial Failure of the Yield in France.
Disadvantages of the Position
of Growers.
"The growers of prunes in California
have had this year an opportunity for iho
introduction of their goodß in the Eastern
markets that would under ordinary cir
cumstances have cost them thousands of
dollars.
"The partial failure of the French crop
at a time when the market supply was
comparatively light has placed within their
reach the chance for the introduction of
California goods in certain quarters which
would ordinarily have been secured only
after years of repeated and persistent
effort on the part of growers and their
brokers who represent them."
This statement was made last night at
the Palace Hotel by Luman R. Wing of
Chicago, who has for a long time been
prominently identified with the Califor
nia dried-fruit trade in the East.
"Every advantage has been taken of this
opportunity, and the results are just what
were anticipated at the outset of last sea
son's business. California prunes have
come into the market to stay, and the
ground which French shippers have for
feited Dy force of circumstances may be re
carded as peraianently lost; at least, so
long as growers here continue to maintain
the standard whicn has characterized the
consignments of this season.
"Consumers are invariably conservative
and disinclined to change from long and
successfully tried markets, and though
constant and persevering work would have
gradually won for the products of this
State the position which they hold to-day,
it would have only been accomplished
inch by inch and after a siege of years.
"The outlook in the East at the present
time for dried fruits from California is, in
my estimation, most promising; and de
spite the constant report which comes
from this' section as to the loss which the
growers have suffered I feel confident that
if certain conditions relative to the pack
ing, grading and discrimination in ship
ments are observed the losses suffered in
the past will be well worth the experience
which has been gained.
"Of course, we hear in the East about
the general dissatisfaction among growers
here, and the reports of the repeated losses
which it is said they suffer year after year
can be directly traced to causes which can
certainly be remedied.
"A great deal of the harm from which
growers suffer lias been due to their fail
ure to discriminate in shipments. They
nave seemingly failed to realize that the
California dried-fruit trade for the past
few years has been passing through the
stages of its inception, and that the early
impressions formed by consumers have
been the only guide by which they have
been able to base future operations.
"Instead of using care in the making up
of their consignments and in forwarding a
class of goods representing a standard
which this State could easily maintain,
they have adhered to the old penny wise
and pound foolish policy and pent forward
to New York, Chicago and other Eastern
markets, in company with their best
{:oods, a big supply of low-grade material,
the returns for which would hardly defray
the cost of transportation.
"This stuff is, of course, sold. From the
wholesale men it goes into the hands of
the retailers and purchasers, who, in re
sponse to repeated solicitation to try Cali
fornia goods, get hold of it. Their first
experience is unsatisfactory and they in
vuriably form a prejudice which it takes
time to overcome.
"Another disadvantage from which ship
pers suffer is the disposition shown to
place their s;oods in ttie hands of irrespon
sible salesmen, who solicit consignments
by giving promises that under the most
favorable circumstances cannot be fulfilled.
"Absurd as it may seem there are large
numbers of consignors of dried fruits who
to-day are shipping their goods to green
fruit houses and to others who are not
identified with the trade, simply because
their representatives delude them by
promises of returns which reliable com
mission - houses cannot conscientiously
make.
"The results are always the same; the
grower suffers the loss which he has
brought on himself and the reputable com
mission trade is accused of participation in
a combine which has been organized pre I
sumably to swindle producers.
"There are enqUjrn reliable commission
houses to handle- all the goods grown in
this State, and growers can always secure
a guarantee of the character of their sales
by a comparison with current quotations."
NOTED SOCIETY PEOPLE.
Governor Morton'* Daughters and lx
Mayor <irace*s Son Arrive Here.
The two oldest daughters of Governor
Levi P. Morton of New York, formerly
Vice-President of the United States, ar
rived here last night and are at t!ie Palace.
They are accompanied by Miss Harvey and
their maid. The young ladies are on a
pleasure trip to California.
.1. B. Grace, son of ex-Mayor Grace of
New York, also arrived here last evening.
He is at the Palace.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH I« f 1896,
MR. HERRIN`S ARGUMENT
A Familiar Plea in Regard to
Fixing Railroad Freight
Schedules.
AGAINST ARBITRARY RATINGS.
Relying on the Granger Cases for a
Decision Favoring the Southern
Pacific.
Attorney Herrin monopolized nearly all
of yesterday's session of the United States
Circuit Court in presenting, from the
standpoint of the Southern Pacific, a
statement of the case of the Southern Pa
cific against the Railway Commission.
The light for an injunction restraining
the Railway Commission from ordering a
reduction in the transportation rates for
wheat is being kept up with great per
sistency. Proceedings commenced with
MR. HERRIN QUOTES DECISIONS IN FAVOR OF THE RAILROAD.
a petition on the part of ex-Judge Ilayne
requesting the admission in evidence of
certain affidavits and extracts from the
testimony given by C. P. Huntington be
fore the Senate committee, in order to
show that the cost of running a steamship
line between New York and New Orleans
was included in the operating expenses of
the Southern Pacific Company.
Judge McKer.na, after some argument
on both sides, decided to admit the docu
ments in evidence, but no other portions
of Huntington'9 testimony.
Mr. Herrin then commenced the open
ing argument for the company. He de
voted his attention to a consideration of
the law governing the powers of Legisla
tures and Railway Commissions to reduce
rates of transportation. He cited the
Granger case, decided in 1876, wherein a
principle was enunciated which was long
thought to imply that the bodies named
were endowed with unlimited powers in
the direction mentioned. Judge Brewer,
he said, was the first to attack this view
by holding that these powers were to be
reasonably used.
Mr. Herrin contended that the Legisla
ture had the right to order that reasonable
rates of transportation be established, but
had no authority to fix any arbitrary rate
it might choose. It was not easy to esti
mate the value of railway property, and
iience it was hard to fix upon a fair return
for funds invested in the road and its stock.
Aside from the actual value some re
gard, he claimed, should be had for the
sums of money invested in the road, even
though its value might have somewhat
depreciated, it was not fair to expect
that men of wealth should wish to see
their funds become unproductive. He
earnestly contended that those whpse
money had made the railways what they
are should be considered entitled to a fair
rate of interest on their investment.
The feature of this case, he said, was the
fart that there was no legislative provision
for bad years. The Legislature had fixed
a maximum rate, and if the losses of
the company in auy certain year
exceeded its profits the stockholders
would be forced to make up the deficit
from their own pockets without beinc al
lowed to reimburse themselves by tempo
rarily raising the rates. He cited a deci
sion of Justice Brewer in a similar case.
He asked whether schedules established
bj r railway companies might not be con
sidered prima facie reasonable in view of
the points cited in the Granger cases.
However, Justice Brewer's decision in the
Day case would seem to indicate that even
this power of the Legislature had
limitations. It had the right to
fix reasonable rates, but not
any rates reasonable or unreasonable.
The power is limited to the establishment
of reasonable rates. The minute any court
or legislative body transcends thispower
and passes beyond the limits of its legiti
mate exercise its act, he maintained,
would straightway become null and void
and absolute iy of no effect. This right on
the part of Legislatures and courts necessi
tates) a correlative right on the part of the
railways to be exempted from all danger
of being forced to eharse rates so low as to
be unjust to their stockholders.
Mr. Herrin cited a number of cases to
the effect that where rates of transporta
tion were so low as to preclude a railway
making legitimate profit, and prevent its
owners from obtaining a just and fair re
turn for fcbeir invested funds, the courts
should have the right to fix those rates at
a higher figure. There was no question
that the rates should be Inch enough to
enable the owners ot the road to pay for
proper service and meet the running ex
penses. Ordinarily speaking, he said,
courts should allow the directors of a rail
way a certain degree of discretion in the
matter of establishing rate schedules, and
as a ruie, should not interfere except in
cases of evident malfeasance. Courts could
not disregard the cost of a road in
estimating the reasonableness of its rate
charges. This invested capital seemed
to call for a lair return, even though the
present value of a road be less than the
amount expended in its construction. He
cited the case of the Central Pacific road,
which was built at a cost far in excess of
the amount paid for the construction of
any road subsequently put in operation,
since materials for the first-named road
had to be conveyed to places where they
were needed by means of expensive and
cumbrous modes of transportation,
whereas the materials for other roads
were conveyed across the continent over
the lines of the Central Pacific at a cost
which might be called insignificant in
comparison with that which the original
road had been obliged to sustain.
At this point in Mr. Ilerrin's argument
an adjournment was taken for the day.
LAVEAGA'S LEGACY.
Judge Coffey Has Allowed Him the
Full Amount.
Joseph Laveaga has been allowed the
entire amount of the $20,000 left him by
his uncle, Jose Vicente Laveaga. Joseph
Laveaga was the illegitimate son of Jose
Laveaga' s brother.
In his will Jose Laveaga left Eeveral be
quests, which he made chargeable upon
the sale of the Los Aguillas ranch. The
ranch realized only about 40 per cent of
what was expected, however, ana an at
tempt was made to cut down Rll the
legacies in proportion. Joseph Laveaga
demanded his $'20,000 legacy from the gen
eral funds of the estate, and after carefully
examining the will and the numerous
codicils attached Judge Coffey has allowed
this to be done.
Joseph Laveaga is fighting for one
quarter residue of the estate, the share his
father, if living, would take, but it is
claimed that an illegitimate son cannot be
heir to an uncle, even though he has been
acknowledged. This case is still pending.
I. nst His Kticohorse.
Ferris Hartman, the pride of the Tivoll, ob
tained a search warrant in Judge Campbell's
court yesterday. Tl is racehorse, UnaQui Amo,
ne said had oeVn stolen, and he had reason to
believe that it would be found at the Ingieside
racetrack. lit? mi not prepared to say who
had robbed him of his steed, but he might be
in a position to do so when it was found.
Reception to Omlricek and Materna.
A large number of people last night attended
the informal reception at the Palace Hotel to
Mrae. Amalia Materna, the famous Wagnerian
singer, and Franz Ondricek, the Bohemian
violinist. The reception took place in the
parlors of the hotel. The ringing of Mine.
Materna was greeted with great enthusiasm
and the lady received many encores. It was
the same with Mr. OndriceK. whose renditions
on the violin pleased every one present. The
reception lasted till 10 o'clock.
For Unemployed Women.
The board of lady managers of the French
Christian Union of California -will hold a par
lor meeting at tne residence of Mr*. G. Barstow,
927 Pine street, on Friday, March 13, from 3 to
5 p. M-, in behalf of the home for unemployed
girls and women, to which is added a depart
ment for convalescents of all creeds ana na
tionalities. The programme composes speeches
and music.
A German paper states that 521,000 shells
were discharged by their armies against
the French fortresses in the war of 1870-71.
; NEW TO-DAY.
■^T^jSSS The £° -the straight
)*^\ -j and narrow path .
s^^" *JK^~ "* V. These bicycle riders— the
/v \c 4 >. straightest path they can pick
'I A I ji 7 out to the wholesale district,
y\ r Pj\ V i where they save from $2.50 to
/ 'Lv V-— -1 . S $5.00 on their suits. Not a small
/ 1 L A V— retail stock, but a great manu-
\ k \ '\ / / facturers' product to choose from.
\ hbmF^l\L / ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT BICY-
/"V^^f "^VT CLE SUlTS— dust-proof colors,
W^/if^ >1\ square cut, military collar, patch
V^~"*^B '" *T pockets, double seats, $7.50 at Ve-
I Ml I tail stores— here $5.00 suit.
Ml I Other grades Cheviot $6.50 and
C-C /If l^dS FINE CORDUROY BICYCLE
Em I l^^^^^Si SUlTS— tan or brown, cut in the
M """■■] il* most approved styles; retail
N&cl *? H I\l Trf I stores ask $12 or — our whole-
\m il l\l\ v / sale price $9.00 suit.
OL' 7MI W \ SEPARATE CHEVIOT BICY-
•^1 / . \ ■ ■■■.•// } CLE PANTS $2.00, $2.50, $3.00,
[L \l / \ $3 ' s °'
L 1 7--> . BROWN bros. & co.
/ \ , ■ Wholesale Manufacturers.
• . Proprietors Oregon City Woolen Mills.
FINE CLOTHING
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices.
121-123 Sansome Street,
Between Bush and Pine Streets.
ALL BLUE SIGMS.
LIGHT TRUST DELAYED.
Legal Obstacles to the Pooling of
the Electric and Gas
Companies.
THE PROMOTERS VERY SHY.
Edison Plant May Be Duplicated for
Half the Sum the Gas Com
pany Pays.
The news about the formation of a big
trust in light, published in yesterday's
Call, creatod widespread interest in the
City. Inquiries were at once made to
ascertain if the details of the consolidation
of the San Francisco Gas Company and
the Edison Light and Power corporation
had been adjusted.
The promoters of the lk big combine" had
another meeting yesterday afternoon. J.
B. Stetson, who represents the electric
company in the pending negotiations, was
seen yesterday, but positively yet kindly
declined to be interviewed.
"There is nothing to say at present,"
pleaded Mr. Stetson. "I do not want to
withhold information from The Call, and
as soon as- anything is settled I will cheer
fully tell you all about it. So far nothing
definite has been accomplished, and own-
era of stock are excited by the rumors
which have been published. r '
Mr. Stetson was asked to mention the
names of the gentlemen who were con
ducting tbe negotiations, but said he could
not do so in justice to his associates.
Mr. Stetson also declined to express any
opinion as to whether the object of the
trust was to acquire small electric plants
throughout the City and thus consolidate
all the light companies.
P. t B. Cornwall of the Mutual Electric
Company was seen at the Black Diamond
coal office. He said the company with
which he is associated was not a party to
the consolidation. What he knew of the
negotiations was derived from The Call.
Mr. Cornwall said: "I do not know of
any plan to form a trust. Electricity now
is about as free as air, as all the patents for
its use have expired."
"Do you apprehend a monopoly in the
business of supplying light?"
".Not as long as 1 am in the business,"
responded Mr. Cornwall, "and I am in the
business to stay."
The information comes from authentic
sources that the chief cause of delay in
concluding the terms of consolidation is
duo to the deliberation of attorneys in ex
amining the articles of union.
It also transpires that the overtures for
the pooling of interests come from the
Edison Light Company. The leading
stockholders of the gas company have not
exhibited special desire to consolidate.
A capitalist who is well informed on the
subject said to a Call reporter last night
that the gas company cotild duplicate the
electric plant for half "the money which it
is proposed to pay for the property of the
electric company. If the plunt were du
plicated the competing liglit company
would still be in the field.
Stockholders of the gas corporation
seem unable to understand why the Mu
tual Electric Company is not considered
as a dangerous competitor. From all that
can be ascertained no overtures have been
made to bring into the trust this com
pany, of which P. 15. Cornwall is the man
ager and Alviu/.a Hayward the chief
backer.
Tnere is also another gas company to be
considered in the future. Some time ago
the old Central Gaslight Company, now
the Pacilic Light Company, of which Al
bert Miller is president, pooled issues with
the San Francisco Gas Conipany fora term
; of seven years, the basis of agreement
being that four-sevenths of the combined
profits should go to the latter and three
sevenths to the Central.
The other gas company (the Central) has
a plant, mains and the full equipment for
conducting the business or supplying
light. Herein may Jie one of the obstacles
in the path of forming a new trust.
It is regarded as a foregone conclusion
that the negotiations to establish a trust
will be successfully carried out. Some few
days may elapse before announcement of
the fact is officially given to the stock
holders.
After advancing from 81} £ to 84V£ Tues
day forenoon San Francisco Gas stock has
since fallen down to 81. There wore large
sales within that range. Yesterday some
stock sold as low as 80.
Four hundred vessels pass through the
Straits of Magellan annually.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. 
SPECIAL BARGAINS
TO-DAY
ITQ-. .
-——NEW——-
SPRING GOODS!
Although all offerings throughout our magnifi-
cent new stock are Bargains when taken in com-
parison with prevailing retail prices, we offer our
to-day's patrons the following and many other
EXTRA SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS I
PARASOLS ! PARASOLS
.At 5O Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria, in black only, unlined, will be offered at 50c.
-'-i. At 75 Cents. : •'
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria, ruffled trimmed, unlined, will be offered at 75c.
At &1.00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk gloria, lined in black, will be offered at 1.
At 80.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk gloria, double ruffle, in black, will be offered at $1 50.
At $2. 00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in silk gloria, double and treble ruffle lined, will be offered
at?2." /
61.50 to 87.50.
LACE PARASOLS, in gloria, surah and gros-grain, trimmed with chiffon and French
lace, from $1 50 to $7 50. ■ • -,%■-::/■:
At $1.00.
LADIES' 24-INCH FLACK SUNSHADES, paragon frames, natural handles, will be
offered at $1. ■'■■'■■ ',-'."/
At SI.7S.
LADIES' FANCY SHADED PARASOLS, with natural handles, this season's im-
portation, will be offered at $1 75. ;; :.- '^f/
WHITE PARASOLS.
WHITE PARASOLS, in cotton, China silk and lace trimmed, in all the latest shapes
and designs, from 75c to $G. '
BLACK AND COLORED PARASOLS.
In ruffle, shad ed, striped and lace trimmed, in all the latest styles, from $3 to $10 each.
LACE DEPARTMENT I
A.t US Cents £*, "5?"«,i-cl.
CREAM NORMANDY VALENCIENNES AND POINT DE PARIS LACES, 4, 5 and
6 inches wide, regular value 25c.
A.t 25 Cents a. "XTaarci..
BUTTER NET-TOP POINT VENISE LACE, 5, 6 and 7 inches wide, regular price 45c.
At 25 Cexxts A. Yard.
CREAM AND BLACK CHAN TILLY LACE, all silk, 5, fa' and 7 inches wide, regular
value 40c.
EMBROIDERIES I
At 15 Cents **, T"ardi
CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular value 25c.
HANDKERCHIEFS!
At 12 ; Cents Each.
1000 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED LAWN HANDKER-
CHIEFS, regular value $2 40 per dozen.
GLOVES! GLOVES!
.At 35 Cental.
700 pairs 5-HOOK AND 4-BUT TON KID AND UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, odd
sizes and slightly soiled, colors and black, regular value $1, will be closed out at
35c a pair.
At 43 Cents.
800 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, in tan, mode and slate shades, regular
value $1, will be closed out at 45c a pair.
.At 5O Cents.
750 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, colors mode and slate, regular value 85c, will be
closed out at 50c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
600 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, in tan, mode and brown shades, also black, regular
value $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a pair. -
A.t 9O Cents.
500 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large buttons to match gloves), in colors and
black, regular value $1 50, will be closed out at 90c a pair.
MEN'S 1 BOYS' FURNISHINGS!
At 25 Cents.
150 dozen BOYS' CALICO AND CHEVIOT WAISTS, made with two pleats in back
and front, in a variety of handsome patterns, worth 50c, will be offered at 25c each.
.At 35 Cents.
75 dozen Boys' FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, in very handsome patterns and all
sizes, worth 65c, will be offered at 35c each.
At 5O Cexxts.
75 dozen MEN'S FANCY TRIMMED NIGHTSHIRTS, made of good heavy muslin
and trimmed with silk and embroidered trimmings/ extra value for 75c, will be
• offered at 50c each. ... .
At 15 Cents,
95 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED MERINO SOCKS, ■In assorted vicuna shades,
worth 25c, will be offered at 15c a pair. ' . .
At 2O Cents. .
150 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED IMPORTED COTTON SOCKS, with double-
spliced heels and toe&, in assorted tan shades and black, worth 1 14 a dozen, will
be offered at 20c a pair. : . ,
' - - " At $1.00. :-. .\->;\\. : ::\
76 dozen MEN'S - UNDYED AUSTRALIAN LAMB'S-WOOL UNDERSHIRTS
AND DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly, shrunk, worth $1 50, will be offered at
SI each. . -V--. .'.""
|| LADIES' WAISTS!
At 5O Cexxts.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of percale yoke tack, in fancy stripes and checks,
laundried collar and cuffs, price 50c. ; ,'. . ; ' :.
At ftl.OO.
100 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, made of fine lawn, French percales and dimi-
( ties, laundried collar and cuffs, regular price $1 50, will be offered atsl.
/m/W^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Mattel Street comer ol Jones, /
»A3>r I***A3NrCXSOO-
910
PROBING HIS
HEART'S MOTIVES
Pastor Brown Subjected to
a Rigid Cross-Exami
nation.
APPEARED ILL AT EASE.
His Attitude Toward Dr. Tenney
Was Defiant and Pleading
by Turns.
NEW WITNESSES INTRODUCED.
Mrs. Barton Makes Damaging Second-
Hand Statements— The Case Now
Practically Closed.
The ecclesiastical council has now in its
possession all that Dr. Brown can or will
offer in defense of his manhood and char
acter.
Yesterday in the interests of truth and
justice, unaer the cathode ray as adroitly
manipulated by Dr. Tenney, the accused
man was allowed to repeat the defense of
his alleged misconduct with Martha Over
man and the "Widow Stockton. There
were times when the pastor suffered a
complete lapse of memory, and then there
were occasions when he found it easy to
recall the minutest detail. These little
memory lapses, if such they might be
termed, niched nicely with the intent and
meaning of the questions asked by his
twenty judges.
Dr. Brown was apparently ill At ease
throughout the entire day. He was
haughty and suppliant by turns. Again
his face flushed in anger or paled in ex
citement according to his conception* of
the pertinency of the question. Once or
twice the reverend gentleman became de
cidedlj* combative and incidentally con
tradictory and confused in his answers.
On two occasions the witness gave vivid
exhibitions of personal antagonism to his
interlocutor. Nagle threw oil on the
troubled waters by assuring the excited
pastor that the questioner was forced to
get at the facts, and the only way this
could be done was by seeking information
on seemingly irrelevant, and sometimes
personal, matters.
Dr. Tenney continued his role of special
questioner for the council. He wore that
same cold, impenetrable yet inviting
smile, and not even the most caustic re
joinders of the witness sufficed to kill that
smile. His eye flashed a bit at times, or
assumed a merry twinkle, according to the
humor, but the smile never left his lips.
Next to Dr. Brown and his questi nc r
Dr. Pond was ttie moat noticeable figure
on the platform. This took form, how
ever, in his frequent objections to the
"harsh and cruel" questions asktd by his
fellow -judges.
At the evening session O. W. Bickford
and Mrs. Barton were introduced by the
prosecution. The latter told of the object
of Mrs. Tunnell's visit to Taconia as re
lated to her by Miss Overman's friend.
The witm--^ was not as clever in her dates
as she might have been, but in the main
she told her story in a perfectly straight
forward way. Attorney Nagle tanglt-d her
up considerably on these points, but did
not succeed in confusing her on the main
points at issue.
The case of the defense and prosecution
is now practically closed. It is rumored
that an effort will be made to produce the
Pullman porter in charge of the car on
which Dr. Brown and Miss Overman jour
neyed Tacomaward together. Dr. Ten
ney's question yesterday indicated that |
come startling evidence of this character
was being held in reserve, though mem
bers of the council decline to discuss the
matter at present.
Miss Overman will probably be placed
on the stand again to-day, after which Dr.
Brown's case will be submitted to the wis
dom of his ecclesiastical brethren.
The council will meet at 2 oclock this
afternoon.
BROWN ON THE RACK.
He Took Vigorous Exception to Mr.
Tenney's Soul -Probing
Questions.
The morning session yesterday was for
mally opened with prayer by Rev. W. C.
Pond. In the course of the prayer Mr.
Pond said :
Things puzzle us, and puzzling disturbs us.
and our hearts are burdened, "and there is
no one upon whom we can cast that burden
but thyself, and thou hast invited us to do to,
and we do so in thy name.
Those who know Mr. Pond to be a warm
friend of Dr. Brown during the whole
of these proceedings, and an enthusiastic
defender of the doctor before he (Pond)
was selected as a member of the council,
elbowed one another and exchanged sun
dry winks when Rev. Mr. Pond admitted
to the Almighty in his prayer that the
council was not altogether convinced of
the plausibility of the remarkably well
fitting storie^ of Dr. Brown and Miss
Overman.
The questions put by Dr. Tenner, who !
had been chosen by the council to conduct j
the cross-examination, afforded further
evidence that me council had flavored their
digestion of Miss Overman's story and
that of the doctor with several handfuls of
salt. Those questions were pointed and j
direct, and for the first time during; the
trial they evidenced the keen purpose of a
skilled attorney attempting to tear away
the cloak of falsehood from the bare truth.
Dr. Tenney is one of "the most courteous
of men and it was, no doubt, this inherent
quality which enabled him to bear gently
with the rude charge made more than once
by Dr. Brown in his answers that Dr. Ten
ncv was askine thoi-e disquieting questions
because he, Tenney, believed the doctor to
be guilty of the charges against him.
But Dr. Tenney appeared to have his
case well in hand, and wax not bluffed or I
bullied out of tiie line of action prescribed
to him hy his duty as a conscientious
eroai examiner, and attiioogb, being of a
refined and sensitive disposition, ue raim
have taken to heart the ungracious re
marks of Dr. Brown regarding the motives
lor the questions, Dr. Tenney did not
once show f c least sign of temper or ill
will. This was illustrated when at the
conclusion of the morning proceedings
Dr. Tenney hastened to assure Dr. Brown
that his questions had been prompted
Boielv by a sense of duty, and that the
harder and the more searching the ques
tions w<-re the more complete would be
Dr. Brown's vindication should he pass
througii the ordeal unscathed.
Dr. Brown grasped Dr. Tenney's hand
after this explanation and remarked, "Go
ahead, beloved; go ahead, beloved."
Dr. Brown appeared yesten'ay morning
with his throat bandaged. His voice had
Mrs. Hilda Barton, Who Gave Damaging Testimony Before the Council Last Night.
[Sketched by a '"Call" artist.}
regained much of its normal strength and
clearness, and although he was pale of
face and drawn aud haggard about his
eyes his usual aggressiveness seemed to
have lost none of its robust quality. • It
seemed to have been aroused also more
than once during the examination by the
council's treatment of him in the legal
sense. For the first time since the be
ginning of the trial Dr. Brown was piaced
in the position of the prisoner at the bir
whose testimony was to be weighed very
carefully, because, like that of Miss Over
man, it miidit have been affected by the
intense personal interest of the two in the
result of the trial.
Dr. Brown explainer' at the outset that
after he and his friends had placed the
Davidson matter in the hands of the Police
Department they were subject to the ad
vice of Captain l^ees and Detective Sey
mour, who had been detailed to work up
the matter. After Mrs. Davidson iiad re
turned to her home after several days'
absence Captain Lees and Dr. Brown went
to see Lawyer Lloyd, who had been pre
viously retained by Deacon Morse as Dr.
Brown's attorney. Detective Sevmmir
paid, "Mr. Lloyd* the old bird has re
turned." Lloyd replied: "All riant, Mr.
Seymour; now you go ahead and do what
is to be done. You don't want ■ 1 rag
riega of trouble with this woman. Sey
mour will unbutton his coat and show his
star, and she will take the next train and
leave the City." Then Dr. Brown took a
hand in the conversation.
I said: "Wait a minute. I want that woman
prosecuted by due forms of law.' Then Mr.
Lloyd laid before me -yith great seriousness
what I must expect if I ever prosecuted a black
mailer in court. He said what Judge Campbell
afterward said in binding Mrs. Davidson to
answer oefore the Superior Court, that the
blackmailer usually had a perfect story made
up of little details. Mr. Lloyd said that my
name would be draped through all the news
papers of the City. I did anticipate that per
haps there would be two or three weeks of
trial and its accompanying newspaper notori
ety, and its sub.-idence. It whs distinctly
placed before my mind that I must expect to
••ndure something such as I have bow en
dured, but I did not expect that I should have
to suffer as much as I have. It was pointed out
to us that if there was anything in our lives
that would not bear the scrutiny of the public
and the minutest investigation by the press we
should stop where we were.
From this point Dr. Brown switched off
to Dr. Alien and the Co-operative Society
and alleged that that society and its lead
ers were and had been making a bitter fieht
against him because he reported to Rev.
Mr. Burenell of Port Angeles that the
World's Christian Co-operative Society
was a ftaud. He alleged that because of
this report he had incurred the enmity of
President Wilderman, Mrs. Barton,
Messrs. Pierce. Bickford and others. Dr.
Brown thus described his visit to the com
pany's office:
After two or three days' search I found him
In the second Ktory ot a lodging-house on
Fourth or Fifth street. I didn't find him where
I was directed by Mr. Bun-hell's letter. I found
a saloon there. I found him in the second
story in a dingy, greasy room, ill lighted,
with dilapidated furniture and a center table
at which o tramp-like Individual sat writing.
I talked with him about an hour. Wilderman
said to me: "Dr. Brown, what is the purpose o:
this conversation?" I said then, fruukly,
•'Your society in Port Angeles has written to
me for my opinion of you." He said. "What is
your opinion?' and I said, "I can tell you bet
ter at the end of the hour."
i found 'hat the society of which Wilderinan
was president was receiving numerous initia
tion te'.'S from Port Angeles and other places,
and life membership lees of about #100, and
had absolutely no financial basis except some
wild land in Southern California, it was a
visionary, unsatisfactory, dreamy scheme to
get people' 3 money without giving anything
in exchange. I said to him: "if you want me
to tell you the truth frankly, I will say thai I
believe you have a scheme to get initiation
fees without giving anything for them."
He came to me afterward with a letter from
Mr. Burchell, and he sought to remove my un
favorable impressions. I told Wildermari that
1 would write to Mr. Burchell and tell him
what I thought, and Wilderman said that if I
did so he would have me arrested for slander.
I told him that he was mistaken in his rran if
he thoucht to scare me in that way. Dr.
Burchell came to me afterward and said that I
had saved him considerable money.
This President Wilderman swore on the pre
liminary examination of Mrs. Davidson mat
there was a Jane Elizabeth Baddin, when the
name on the certificate was I. E. Badden —
there was no Jane Elizabeth about it aIL
Those are the people who are against me; the
Bartons, the hickfords, the Wiidermans and
the Thurstons— they ure all connected with
that World's Christian Co-operative Society.
After Dr. Brown had finished his areu
ment on that point his attorney, Mr.
Nagle, asKeu him to state the date on
which he told Mrs. Brown about Ins hav
ing paid Mrs. Davidson tiie $500. He re
plied that he paid the money or. November
222 and told his wife about it on December
I!)— nearly a month later. Dr. Brown re
sumed :
The answer is very plain and reasonable.
During that month I was trying to ascertain
ns to whether Mrs. Baddm existed. I had been
told by Mrs. Davidson that Miss Overman was
ready to swear with Mrs. ttaddin and her
lodger that I was guilty. U that were the cn.se
any attempt to approach Miss Overman would
precipitate matters. I was afraid that if I toid
Mrs. Brown she would go immediately to Miss
Overman and precipitate a scandal. My every
impulse and ti.e habit of a lifetime made it
very difficult for me to keep this fact from my
wife. 1 informed Mrs. Brows very soon after
the Stockton kissing Incident— perhaps too
loisg afier, perhaps four or five weeks, it may
have been two weeks. It was just after Mrs.
Stockton had asked me to forgive iier for what
she hnd done. That happened two years ago
last November. 1 told my wife about it the
next Sunday after Mrs. Stockton had asked
my pardon.
i had a debate in my mind as to what I
should do about it- 1 knew that if I wtis to
continue in the ministry for twenty years
lontjer as I had been for twenty years before
it would be necessary for me in the course
of my duties to see ladies alone iii my study or
elsewhere. My wife has never had a suspicion
of me. effect would this story have up
on her mind.' 1 felt that it would torture her
and would interfere with her future bappi
ness and my future. I made up my mind at
last that it was my duty to tell her and I told
her that Mrs. Stockton nad asked my forgive
ness for what she had done.
For five or six months after that time Mrs.
Stockton conducted herself so well that she
won the confidence of some of the best mem
bers of the church, bhe waa not appointed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1890.
to teach the Sunday-school class at my sugges
tion. Mr. Rea appointed her. Mrs. Stockton
made so good an impression that Mrs. French
had come to sec something lovely in her and
invited her upon her programme to attend the
Turkish tea.
In response to further Questions by Mr.
Tenney the witness said that he had never
received more than two notes from Mrs.
Stockton. The first was the one inviting
him to her house to see her on the oc
casion of the hug and the kiss. That was
sent by her little girl. It was not in an
envelope, but folded ap and turned down
at the corner. "Not the little girl, but
the note," aaued Mr. Brown, with all the
facetiousness of robust health. The sec
ond note was that making a date with him
for 4 o'clock in the afternoon on the cor
ner of Batter Mid Montgomery streets.
He at once handed t!ie second note to his
wife. That was on the next day after he
had visited Mrs. French in relation to the
Turkish tea incident and two or three days
before Mrs. Cooper told him and his wife
a most damaging story about Mrs. Stock
ton. Dr. Brown proceeded to repeat it in
substance as follow*:
Mr-. Cooper detained us at 232 Putter street
on Monday, May 7. and told myself and Mrs.
Hrowu thai she desired t<> have a private IB*
tenriew with us. The conversation was one of
the most painful of my life. It began in a
way that was unosoaL lam n«t In the habit
of being pledged to absolute secrecy by any
one, but Mrs. Cooper pledged us to solemn se
en, w She said: "Mrs. French come to me
yesterday in a perfect Ilame of fury, and raged
about Mrs. S-oekt'>n and tiie Turkish tea, and
I must tell you, my dear pastor and wife, that
lira, Stockton is a bad woman, and I have
known it a good while. It made me fairly
cringe to sen you and Mrs. Brown in ncr com
pany the other day. "
•Why," 1 said. "Mrs. Cooper, you introduced
me to that woman!" She said: 'Oh, Dr.
Brown, that much was due to formality. That
•n'.m.ui was brought to me by a wealthy man
Of this City — a subscriber to my kindergarten
fund. He waii ted bet educr.ted for kinder
garten work. I complied with his request.
Then he wanted me to give her employment,
and 1 laid thai I had no place for her. He
came to me twice on the matter, and upon my
still relusing he rose and «aid: 'Mrs. Cooper,
if yon have no place for Mrs. Stockton in your
kindergarten course you have no longer any
place for my support.' "
lira. Cooper sain: "Against my own judg
ment 1 employed Mrs. Stockton, and I kept her
until I could keep her no longer, because
srorles began to come to me about her, and I
said, 'Mr. Tevis— ' "
Here Dr. Brown paused abruptly and
said, "Weil, I won't go on; having inad
vertently mentioned that name I will pro
ceed no further."
"Go on, doctor," advised Mr. Nagle
cheerily.
"I will not do it," replied the witness
positively. "1 will take the displeasure of
this council rather than do it. I will con
sider the matter more carefully before I
proceed, and until then I will take another
line."
Dr. Brown then proceeded to put in a
good word for Mr?. Stockton. He said:
I do want to say this before I goon, that I
have made such Investigation into the matter
that I don't believe some of the rumors that
Mrs. Cooper reported to us that day in the old
buiidin- of the Y. M. C. A. 1 don't believe that
any suspicion should attach to the paternity
of Mrs. StOCJCton'i oldest child, for the marriage
records abundantly cover that question" if
the rest of the rumor-, reported by Mrs. Cooper
are as ungrounded as that she e'ertafnlv slan
dered somebody thnt day.
From the bonrol that interview we never
had cdv peaceable relations with Mrs Stock
ton. A friend of mine has sent me from San
Jose, where Mrs. Stockton was married the
records of her marriage. That is since this
trial began. The statement of Mrs. Cooper
with regard to the oldest child, was certainly
and absolutely unfounded.
Mr. N.-igle— And what was related of Mr
Tevis in connection with that was wrong
Now, after that explanation you can certainly
go on.
Dr. Brown— Excuse me, I would rather not
It will be remembered by readers of Thk
Call that Mrs. Brown testified that Mrs
Cooper was the worst enemy that she and
Pr. Brown ever had, and it was evident to
those who heard Dr. Brown testify yester
day that he had got even with her by'
breaking the pledge of secrecy which 'he
and Mrs. Brown were alleged to have
made. When Mrs. Cooper was on the
stand a few days ago she positively denied
having told the Browns that Mrs. Stockton
was a bad woman.
Dr. Brown went on to say that it was ab
solutely false that he walked around the
square with Mrs. Davidson on a Saturday
night. He admitted that he walked
atoond the block conversing with her on a
Thursday night.
Dr. Tenney began his cross-examination
by Baking Dr. Brown as to when he be
came acquainted with Mrs. Tunnell. Dr.
Brown said that six months prior to Miss
Overman's visit to this City Mrs. Tunnel 1
introduced herself to him in the church as
a friend of Miss Overman, and asked the
doctor whether he knew where Miss Over
man was, and he told her that the young
woman was in Taeoma. On second thought
the doctor did not think it could have been
more than two months prior to Miss
Overman's visit here. Dr. Brown went on
as follows:
During my journey to the north, and per.
heps after we were in Tacoma, Miss Overman
reierred to her a^e.l friend, Mrs. Tunnel], ami
told me that a small income which she had
been receiving from relatives, or perhaps from
the rent of a house, had been either largely or
altogether cut off, and she wanted to know if
I would interest myself a little in her. Miss
Overman said that she had observed that it
trat my custom to heip people who needed
help, and i said thai I would be very happy to
do so. When 1 got back that came to my
mind that ihe a^ed lady might be somewhere
Jure suffering lor tbe necessaries of life, and I
called on her at Mrs. Eaton's when I had
round out her address. The conversation natur
ally was largely about Miss Overman, because
Mi.-.s Overman had requested me to call on
her. I don't think I stayed more ihau ten
minutes, although I might have remained
longer. 1 satisfied myself upon the point
which I wished to ascertain, and that was that
her physical condition and comfort were
cared for for the present.
The witness then told of a habit he had
had of walking around East Oakland and
other places to rest his brain. On one of
these occasions he found himself near Mrs.
Eaton's house, and he thought he wouid
run in and see Mn. Tunnel!, without the
slightest reference to Miss Overman. He
learned on that second visit that Mrs.
Tunnell was contemplating a journey
northward with Mrs. Ashby, who fur
nished the ticket, Miss Overman being
anxious that Mrs. Tunnell should come up
and make her a visit.
In explanation of his having written a
note to Mrs. Tunnell, as had been testified
to by Mrs. Eaton, Dr. Brown said that Mrs.
A3hby, who was living on this side of the
bay, wanted the doctor to do some errand
for her with Mrs. Tunnell, with reference
to their proposed trip to the north, and
the doctor may have written the note at
Mrs. Ashby's request. But for the life of
him he coulrt not remember what was in
it. The doctor then proceeded to the t»omt
as follows:
I am absolutely sure that no such thing as
has been imputed to me with regard to her
northern journey existed. That woman never
went there to secure criminal results on Miss
Overman s person. I went to the steamer, not
to see Mrs. Tunnell off, but to say good-by to
Professor Joy of Taeoma, who had been visit
ing us at our home for a week. I never
told any of my parishioners thnt I had gone
to the steamer to see the captain. I had
gone to see the captain of the Monowai five
months before thßt to help some poor person
to get to Australia.
After Mrs. Tunnell's return from the north I
met her on the street and shook hands with
her, but had no conversation with her with
regard to her visit to the north. On the Sun
day on which she disappeared there was some
talk with her about her visit to the north, but
I don't remember what it was. She never said
to me that I was under certain obligations to
Miss Overman and that I ought to be responsi
ble for her education. I did not advance any
money for her trip to the north.
The witness, in reply to questions,
said that he sent money to Mrs.
Tunnel] on one occasion through Mr. Pat
ton. He sent $10 or $15 through Miss
Overman. Patton told the witness that
he had come for the purpose of securing
some of Mrs. Tunneli's things, and he
was there for perhaps three - quarters
of an hour. He never mentioned that
Mrs. Tunnell was in bed.
"He didn't intimate to you," asked Mr.
Teiiney. "that she was getting desperate
and would tell the whole story?"
"That was absolutely and particularly
false," replied the doctor, with great
energy. "Mrs. Tunnell was Miss Over
man's friend, and Miss Overman could
have no peace of mind while sne knew
that her aged friend was down in tde
desert suffering, and that is why I sent her
the money."
He continued to tell the council that he
had made many attempts to secure Mrs.
Tnnnell's presence at the trial. She went
away under the gravest apprehension that
she would be dragged through the courts,
and from the fact that Miss Overman had
made Mrs. Tnnnell a confidant with refer
ence to her feelings toward the doctor.
This fact, he added, came to him after Mrs.
Tunnel! went away.
I said to Mr. Patton in the hallway: "Hand
that to Mrs. Tunnell for me."
By Dr. Tenney— Then he didn't tell you that
Mrs. Tunnell WM in noed of money.
You don't believe me, Dr. Tenney.
Dr. Brown made this remark with an
injured air, and before Dr. Tenney could
reply, Lawyer Nagle explained that Dr.
Tenney was obliged to ask Dr. Brown those
questions whether he believed Dr. Brown
or not.
Dr. Brown in reply to the next question,
said that the money was sent to Mrs. Tun
nell since the council met.
The witness said that his wife knew that
he was to occupy the same section in the
sleeping coach with Miss Overman on the
trip to Tacoraa before he started. As a
usual thing a man occupies the upper
berth, and in view of that fact, he and
Mrs. Brown had agreed that it would be
better for Dr. Brown 10 occupy the berth
above Miss Overman's, rather than that a
stranger should do so.
Mr. Tenney then put the following direct
questions :
After you retired was there anything hap
pened that compromised your character?
No, sir.
Or Miss Overman's character?
No, sir.
Or any other person's character!
I won t say.
Or any railway official's character?
I won t say. I don't say. I don't wish to
bring the names of other persons in here.
Or a railway porter's character?
. I won't say. * " .-
There was some particular event that hap
pened during those two nights of the trip to
Tacoma?
Yes. ' -vX;'.i-;-.-i r
Would it not be well to relate that?
I will not cast suspicion upon any one.
Dr. Tenney's next question caused the
audience to prick up their ears:
Did the porter or any other attendant come
to Miss Overman's berth in a way to startle her
during either of these two nighis?
I will not answer that question. You want
to compel me to say something; which in the
public mind might incriminate some one.
Dr. Tenney— l understand that there is an
attempt to secure evidence in this line.
Dr. Mooar— Would it not be better to have Dr.
Brown rebut that if it is presented?
Here the matter was dropped, leaving
the audience mystified. Some of the skep
tical said after they had left the church
that it appeared to be an attempt by innu
endo to establish an alibi for Dr. Brown.
In other words that Mi.ss Overman was
alarmed by a stranger going to her berth,
and this would show that she was in her
own berth and that Dr. Brown was in his.
The witness never showed Miss Over
man's warm letter — the one which he re
buked her for— to his wite because he did
not want to disturb Mrs. Brown's peace
of mind. Dr. Tenney proceeded on this
point:
Then there have been matters in your expe
rience in which you h ave not confided to your
wife?
1 don't think that is a fair question.
You said you didn't confide in your wife
about the Stockton kiss incident for some
weeks?
It seems to me that Brother Tenney's ques
tions ought not to have a (tins in them. I
would like to asi: if it necessarily involves a
rupiurc oi the confidence between me and my
viie it I threw n letter into the lire that "vould
C&UM her pain?
Dr. Tenney— No; because that would be
another evidence ul your confidence in her
and would strengthen her faith in you.
Moderator McLean— The object of those ques
tions is to show unusual concealments from
your wife. Those incidental concealments
would be significant in a married life of
nearly thirty years of unbroken confidence be
tween husband and wife.
Dr. Brown explained that Miss Over
man had been an inmate of his house for
months, and he thought that she would
recover from her affection for him, so he
did not think it was incumbent upon him
to disturb his wifs's peace of mind.
Dr. Tenney— Let me call your attention to
three times within a comparatively short
period you haii kept things from your wife.
There was the Stockton matter, this letter of
Miss Overman's and the payment of $500 to
Mrs. Davidson.
Dr. Brown— But you Ignore the reasons,
doctor.
Dr. Tenney— l am simply calling your atten
tion to the fact. Your reasons may be good
ones. Did Miss Overman ever tell you or any
body else to your knowledge about her mar
ried experience?
Or. Brown— Never.
You knew she was a divorced woman?
No, sir. I ink she told Mrs. Brown about
it in the latter part of her visit in 1894. •
Dr. Tenney went on to the Davidson '
plot. He asked:
Had you any reason at that time to believe ■
that Mrs. Davidson was not a true friend?
Not the least.
Why didn't you go to Miss Overmau and find |
out whether what Mrs. Davidson said about her
•ceasing you of crime was true?
Isecau.se my confidence was instantly shaken ,
when Mrs. Davidson told me in that awful in- •
terview that Miss Overman had entered into a
plot against me.
Do you mean to say that that statement !
swept away all your previous confidence in j
Miss Overman?
I didn't say that. I said that after what I '
hud heard from Mrs. Davidson I was in doubt ,
until I had found out that there was no Mr.-, i
Jiadoin. I believed Mrs. Davidson from the |
first.
If you had ascertained from Miss Overman
that she was not a party to the plot that would
have ended the matter?
Yes.
Had you not in your own mind a conviction
of MUs Overman's "rascality?
No. I saw that her staying away fromour
home after her return from Tacoma put a fear
and a suspicion in my mind that Mrs. David
son had told me the truth.
Do you con.sider yourself a very timid man
thai you did not care to go and see Miss Over
man about what Mrs. Davidson told you?
This question caused Dr. Brown to flare
up, and to exhibit to the council ami the
audience that he had the temper of a-Jay
man. • "I don't want you to question my
G. W, BICKFORD, WHO CLAIMS TO HAVE "FOUND" THE TUNNELL LETTERS.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
record on that point," he said, aggressive
ly, "I fougtt for this country probably
before you were born."
After a few more questions Dr. Tenney
remarked: "I cannot but feel, Dr. Brown,
that your confidence in Miss Overman
was shaken by something that you have
nut given us a full explanation oi?"
Dr. Brown retortea quickly: "I don't
thinjc you ought to question the integrity
of your witnesses." Then he went on to
tel» that he did not consult Miss Overman
about the Davidson plot because he knew
her "hasty and mercurial disposition" and
feared to precipitate an explosion.
In answer to anotherquestion Dr. Brown
denied that he had paid any part of that
$500 to Mrs. Davidson with the under
standing that it was to go for Miss Over
man's schooling.
The witness became restive under the
searching questions of Dr. Tenney, and
he asked the council why they did not in
quire into the "nuble aspects" of tl c case.
Dr. Tenney. however, kept on inquiring
about the ignoble part of the Davidson plot
and prodded the witness with the question
as to why he had not refused to pay Mrs.
Davidson a dollar and why he had not de
tied her to do her worst. The witness
replied that tin* four women, or the three
women, would be too strong a combination
against him with their testimony in court.
"There was such a state of public opinion
that any minister of the Gospel would not
have dared to defy it."
The inexorable Tenney went on:
Has not your experience taught you that the
payment of money at such a time and under
such a pressure is always considered a tacit
assent to the truth of the chnrge?
No, sir; on the contrary, I have talked with
attorneys in this City, and they have many ex
amples" of innocent men having been
ostracized.
Dr. Trnney— While that may be trne, don't
you know that it always raises a question in
the minds o f many that there may be grounds
for the charge?
I don't reason it that way, bnt it may be so.
Dr. Tenney— Has not your study of morals
taught you "that the safest way is to do right,
thai happiness may follow?
Yes, in my reasoning moods. For once I was
thrown off my guard.
Should you not have said, "I spurn this
whole business; do your worst?"
I will reply that I was beside myself.
Why?
I have already told you why.
After repeating his reasons, which have
been published before, Dr. Brown pro
ceeded to explain that he wrote the notes
to Mrs. Davidson that were published in
the papers, because of the opposition to
him of Mrs. Mason and a minority of the
Young People's Society of Cnristian En
deavor. Mrs. Davidson was intimately
acquainted with Mrs. Mason, and he had
written the notes In ihe hope that healing
measures might be taken.
Here a recess was taken until 2 p. m.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Dr. Brown Undergoes a Searching
Cross-Examination— His Confi
dence In Miss Overman.
Jjr. Brown's further cross-examination
occupied nearly all of the afternoon ses
sion of the council. He was in excellent
spirits and voice throughout the three
hours he was being continually racked with
all kinds of questions.
In the course of his prayer opening the
afternoon session, Rev. Dr. Mooarsaid:
Give strength to all who have any testimony
to brin?, and prepare their mind and will so
that their testimony will be reliable and eiven
us so That we will receive only that which is
true and right.
Dr. Brown was a little dilatory in making
his appearance, and Mr. Nagle took ad
vantage of the period of waiting to ask the
council whether it was to be governed by
the Bible or the State law in the considera
tion to be given evidence. He explained
that the reason for his asking this question
was that he might be asked to close the
case and therefore wished to be prepared.
He admitted that be was not so good a
Bible student as the members of the coun
cil, while he was posted on the State law
governing such matters.
Moderator McLean responded by inform
ing the legal adviser of Dr. Brown before
the council that, the council had not given
the matter any thought, and then sug
gested to Mr. Nagle, in view of his con
fession, that he might devote some of his
time advantageously to the study of the
Bible. This raised a ripple of laughter at
the expense of the attorney.
Rev. Mr. Tenney opened fire on the wit
ness by asking him if the Overman letters
were not published on the 7th of January
of this year. To this Dr. Brown replied
that he could not remember the exact
date, but knew that they were published
sometime in January. The cross-exami
nation then proceeded as follows:
Your attention was called to them at once?
Yes, sir.
Did you read them thoroughly?
No, Kir.
How long a time elapsed bofore you read
them thoroughly?
i did not read them thoroughly until Febru
nry (>. The occasion of my reading them
through then was when I was in Mr. Nagle's
office and he was securing for me files of the
paper containing reports of the case.' He
brought in a copy of the Examiner containing
these letters, and I then read them through.
In the meantime had any steps been taken
by you toward having a committee appointed
before which you wished to make a statement?
I t hi nit so.
Do you recall when that occurred?
It was after the publication of tnose letters.
Was it not the first instance that you spokt
of the matter before the Bay Conference? Did
you not state to them that tney might be of
help to you in this matter and that you would
like to make a statement to them?" And did
you not say that a very brief explanation would
clear away the matter?
1 believe I did; but I find that I overesti
mated the worth of Christian fellowship.
Were steps taken to appoint tnat committee?
Yes, sir.
Did that committee have various meetings?
Yes, sir.
Did you come to one of those meetings ready
to make a statement?
Yes, sir.
How could you have been raady to clear up
that matter when you had not thoroughly read
the Overman letters at that time?
I must leave that entirely t<> Miss Overman.
Knowing my innocence, I was *roinsr to itate
that I knew nothnie: about those letters.
But you Knew what was in those letters?
I had glanced those letters through, but be
came heartily sick of them and did not read
them through carefully until February 6.
When did Miss Overman make a written
statement to you and Mrs. Brown in explana
tion of those letters?
It was two or three days after the appear
ance of the letters in the papers.
Did you feel satislied wiih that statement ?
I cunt say that I felt entirely satisfied
with it.
Without a full knowledge of those letters
and with that unsatisfactory explanation of
them you were ready to go before your
brethren and say you i-ould explain the whole
matter with a Jew sentences?
In explanation of my stand at that time I
wish to relate a certain* occurrence. On Feb
ruary 4 I received a letter signed by one
Samuel Weldshy. In that letter I was asked
to meet the writer at Fruiivale at 4 o'clock on
the sth, and that I would hear something to
my interest in reference to Mrs. Davidson. I
have karned in the progress of this unhappy
affair to trust nobody whom I did not kuow.
I immediately telephoned to Detective Sey
mour and learned that he was able to go v.ith
me. We took the 3 o'clock boat and reached
the Fruitvale station at 4 o'clock, in time to
keep the appointment. We got off the train at
different parts of it so as not to let It be known,
that Mr. Seymour was with me. I looked
around to make it apparent I was expecting
some one to meet me, and a lady of respect
able appearance came up and spoke to me.
She said she was tlr* mother of Samuel Weltis
ley. She said she had known Mrs. Davidson
for many years and that sde formerly resided
at Mulkilteo, Mich. I then told her that a:iy
statement that she might want to make to me ',
would have to be heMrd in the presence of Mr. |
Seymour. She agreed to this, and Mr. Seymour I
heard" every word that was spoken. Her story
was this:
She knew Mrs. Davidson for many years and
used to correspond with her. Her son had
been engaged us a collector for Mrs. Davidson,
and had in gambling lost $185 of Mrs. David
son's money at Portland, besides nearly every
thing of his own that he had with him at the
time and which had any value. Mrs. David
son demanded that this money be paid back to
her, and she had done everything to liquidate
the debt. Mrs. Davidson said she did not care
how long it took to pay her, and that sho did
not care to prosecute the young man, as she
had had similar trouble "of her own. Mrs.
Weldsiey said that after this she returned to
Michigan, and claimed that an agent came to
her and asked her to come to San Francisco
and swear that she was Mrs. Jane Elizabeth
Baddin. She said slie would rather throw her
seif into the bay. This ended our talk. Sub
sequently Mrs. Weldsiey suddenly disappeared,
and I le'ei now that the whole thing was a
swindle, and was unju.st and unfair to Mrs.
Davidson and Attorney Gallagher. I think it
was simply a scheme t<> get the $185 out of me.
I feit that in the light of other circumstances
this story would make clear to every one that
I was an innocent man.
You made two statements previous'to this to
the committee that you could clear ud this
matter in a few sentences?
NEW TO-DAY.
When You Have
Lost Your Health.
THE greatest source of hap-
•jwre^j-^ 1 -'^ -sr-- -»^« piness is health. If you
Cr Cv^Tn /-^-~ have it you can be content ; if
yjk / N^%^jfl^^^) i '\ no * there is no room for happy
W m £^JSbSSS£IS) tnou S nts in y° ur mind," which
«8l m. s llr^ eiie^ with the worry of
g (C^g^^^Wßlßlm your bodily ills. Cheerful spir-
M MsBnES&'^ JS^eSt s anc * ie a kility to fully enjoy
• &ss?s& w$ lif e come only with a healthy
' BBJlslu <* ML body and mind. The young
(\ WBBBB&Bf "^ J^al man who suffers from nervous
V islSr ' tJHr debility, impaired memory, low
V /£!^~ \ j^SL spirits, irritable temper and the
r /^jj^^r^l thousand and one derangements
V &&&^~^csi^, \^ "^^l^Sl from unnatural, pernicious hab-
;■ ' its, usually contracted in youth,
through ignorance, is thereby incapacitated to thoroughly enjoy
life. He feels tired, spiritless and drowsy ; his sleep is disturbed,
and does not refresh him as it should ; the will power is weak-
ened ; morbid fears haunt him, and may result in confirmed
melancholia and finally in softening of the brain, and even in
dread insanity.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt,
I The remedy which has received the indorsement of physicians,
which is now being used by a score of the most prominent med-
ical men in! California in the treatment of complaints they have
been unable, to cure with medicine. It will build up new
strength. It will restore your manly vigor in from one to three
months.
i«> . mo. x-~™. « SAN JOSE. Cal., December 6, 1895.
v DR. A. T. ; SADDEN— Dear Sir: I bought your Electric Belt two months ago for lost man.
hood and pains in my back. As soon as I put your Belt on the pains in my back ceased, and
also the waste of power which occurred previous to your treatment twice a week. Knave used
many remedies in the two years that I have been ailing, but found nothing 'that 1 can Diaia«
as highly as I can your Belt. G. H. KEYES, . !"«»■•
' - 49 North Thirteenth Street, San Jose, Cal.
■ Pamphlet, with full information, free. Call or address
S-A-3>B"X33E:r«J EIjECTHIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 Wl.
- — OFFICES .A.T * '
LOS ANGELES. CAL. BBBlflSBB^¥!^' FOKTLAXD OR
; 204 South Broad way.. | .. \ 353 AVashlucton meet.
■-■-"■.-■-■ . ■ ■ ' ■ ■ ""■TCrfitTinii-in mtortwwirwn n ' »
with Miss Overman's explanation 01 ncr
le { 4 cTn't exactly tell why I thought it vn B atiß
--YoTfeel entirely satisfied with the final ex-
Cl Do a >^u r -think that Miss Overman's repent
ance is very sincere ?
\ %53&3& repentance waa a general
repentance? slightest doubtof it.
I have not the slightest doubt of it.
How do yon "explain that she went to .the
Chronicle office and tried to get the city editor
to believe something that was not bo 7
1 believe that she was laboring under a great
temptation in her efforts to protect her repu
tation as far as she could. «<_. /-»„„,.
Is there not a great temptation to Miss Over
man to save her reputation by making this
latest statement?
It does not save her reputation.
Does it not save her reputation for chastity?
Yes, but it does not save her reputation lor
honesty, which is equally important.
Co you know that a woman's reputation for
chastity is cherished above all things? j
Yes, I know that is so.
On the attention of the witness being
called to the fact that he maintained
cordial relations with Mrs. Davidson in
church matters despite the evident aver
sion of Mrs. Brown for her. Dr. Brown ex
plained that his wife's dislike was a mere
impression and he thought that Mrs.
Davidson would aid greatly in building up
the church.
: In response to questions by the same
interlocutor Dr. Brown stated that he was
now convinced that Mrs. Stockton had
deliberately set about to get him in her
power for* the purpose of blackmailing
him/and pave it as his further opinion
that she connived with Mrs. Davidson
toward this end. He denied in detail that
he had ever made any wrongful appoint
ments with her or that she had succeeded
in any way in successfully using her wiles
on him. Among other things he gave
with great elaboration the kissing scene
in Mrs. Stockton's room, asserting tbat
the entire act was played by Mrs. Stockton
alone. He further explained that she ,
afterward asked his forgiveness for this
act and that he gave it, believing on re- .
flection that she had acted under the in
fluence of her illness. and that the act was
not indicative of her being of immoral
propensities. It was owing to this view of
her conduct that he allowed her name to
be propounded in his church, he further
added. Rev. Mr. Tenney resnmed. his
cross-examination as follows:
It seems to me, doctor, that with your
knowledge of women, knowing that this" was
not a girl, it was somewhat strange to receive
the woman into the church at once on her
simple statement made to you?
I did not think there could be anything
wrong in a woman recommended by Sarah B.
Cooper.
Do you think a mature woman is us likely to
be tempted to do sucn a thing as a young girl ?
No, sir. But I feel compelled to state here
that I have knoivu of a similar instance, where
a woman, a member of a church, gave way to
such an impulse on a visit of her pastor. The
matter was investigated by a proper body, and
the result was that the woman and the pastor
came out of the affair without biame.it having
been decided that she acted simply from im
pulse and without any immoral purpose. I
believe that all of us are subject to these unac
countable impulses, but they do not indicate
that there is anything actual immoral in us.
Did you tell your wife about this kissing in
cident?
I told my wife a few weeks later. I ques
tioned at first whether it would be necessary
for me to tell mr wife what would trouble aud
disturb her peace of mind.
Under similar circumstances would you still
withhold such information from your wife?
No, sir; not after what I have experienced.
In the course of his examination Mr.
Tenney elicited the statement from Dr.
Brown that he had never been to a restau
rant with Mrs. Stockton and that he had
never been inside of the Maison Riche at
any time.
At this point the witness demurred to
this line of -questioning, alleging that the
council had already expressed itself as be
lieving chat he had not indulged in any
such doings as these questions would seem
to indicate. He was informed by the mod
erator that the council had >imply in
tended to put itself on record as not desir
ing to hear an}' more testimony tending to
Biiow that Dr. Brown had paraded the strteets
with disreputable women or had Jeen
seen going to or coming irora church Kith
any woman other than his wife. He Ifur
ther credited Dr. Brown with not being ob
tuse enough not to have fully understood
the purport of the council's action in that
matter.
Mrs. French and the Turkish tea again
bobbed up, and Dr. Brown stated that the
reason he nad interceded on behalf of Mrs.
Stockton in that affair was because Mrs.
French had the reputation of forming
hasty judgments, and he thought it possi
ble that.an injustice had been done Mrs.
Stockton. Mrs. French, he said, had
never given him any reason for not desir
ine Mrs. Stockton to take part in the tea,
but had simply said that slie had her rea
sons. He denied that he ha<* ever refused
Mrs. French the use of the church for that
affair, saying that he would never have
thought, of taking so autocratic a stand.
He admitted that the kissing incident oc
curred to him when Mrs. French refused
to allow Mrs. Stockton's name to remain
on the programme of the Turkish tea, buthat he believed that she had sincerely re
en ted.
Rev. Dr. Rader then took up the exami
iation:
What was the immediate cause of the publi
ation of the Stockton affair?
Through a statement made by Mrs. David
on. " ?
Did you ever pay a visit to the editors of the
ity papers in reference to the Stockton mat
er ?
Yes, sir, I did.
The witness then explained that he had
earned that Mrs. Davidson's statement,
riven to the papers after her arrest, con
ained a reference .to the Stockton inci
lent; that he had gone to the City editors
)f all the daily papers and that they had
ill agreed not to mention that matter
n Mrs. Davidson's statement on his
promising to procure an affidavit snow
ng that the matter was not based
)» facts, but on an attempt of Mrs.
Stockton to blackmail him. He then
; iatea that Mr. Garret, the City editor
)I the Examiner, a day later decided that
ie would publish it, as it was likely to be
published in the East and then be tele
graphed back here. All the papers were
lien released from their pledges and the
i.atter appeared in all of them on the
same day. In response to a question by
Or. Rader lie denied that he had ever paid
Mrs. Stockton $000 or any other sum of
money.
Deacon Williams aroused the ire of Dr.
Brown somewhat by asking him if he did
not say that for forty-eu-ht hours after the
irrest of Mrs. David"son he did not know
whether there was any foundation under
him. Mr. Williams followed this up by
asking him whether his faith in God and
the Savior had gone from him. The wit
ness admitted that for the time it had, and
quoted Job, who, the Bible says, had also
for a time lost faith in God, for his defense. I
The scene had quite a dramatic element to
it when Dr. Brown began to quote Scrip
ture in his best pulpit manner in justifica
tion of his discouraged feeling following
immediately after the arrest of the alleged
blackmailer.
Mr. McKee took a hand by asking Dr.
Brown if he still refused to pive the de
tails of the conversation with Mrs. Cooper
concerning Mrs. Stockton.
Dr. Brown made answer as follows:
I am willing to say that what my wife said
yesterday afternoon is substantially correct.
Mas. Cooper did *ay that it is believed that he
i- the lather of the oldest child of Mrs. Stock
ton. It was said that it was well understood
that ' She was a well-known man's mistress. I
don't believe it is true because Mrs. Cooper said
it. She said she had known Mrs. Stockton's
character before she introduced her to me.
Rev. Dr. Scudder brought up the matter
of Mrs. Tunnell's disappearance and Dr.
Brown'asserted that he had nothing at all
to do with the mattter.
Mr. Parkinson had a few pointed ques
tions to ask : .
Are you a Christian man?
I believe I am.
If you were to appear before the Great Judge
would you declare you had never committed
adultery with Mrs. Stockton ?
Yes, sir.
Or with Miss Overman ?
Yes, sir.
And that you never had any criminal rela
tions with either of these women?
- Yes, sir.
• Mooar— When Mrs. Stockton asked your for
giveness did you understand that "she was
conscious of moral wrong?
I believe she was.
Barker— Subsequent to the beginning of the
trial of Mrs. Davidson did you write a certain
letter to Judge Campbell?
That is not true.
•Tenney — Do you know how Mrs. Davidson
knew of the Stockton affair?
I know only by inference. Miss Overman
Rtates to me that Mrs. Stockton's name was
mentioned by Mrs. Davidson to her. I believe
that the two women— Mrs. Davidson and Mrs.
Stockton — were working in co-operation, and
that Mrs. Davidson broke with Mrs. Stockton
because she did not get what she thought was
her proper share of the $2500 obtained by
blackmail from a certain gentleman in this
Ciry, ana that was why she brought Mr.-.
Stockton into public notoriety in this affair.
A question by Dr. Racier started Dr.
Brown to telling of the attempt of a Mr.
Dowling to sell him the now-celebrated
Overman-Tunuell letters and of his refusal
to have anything to do with them.
He acknowledged, in response to a ques
tion by D^lioyt. that he had no idea that
he w.i» ! in £-* his reputation when no had
Mrs. -D.-^ueon arrested, and added that
h<; had nil dreamed that his- reputation
would bt«,alled into question on the state
ment:- of such women as Mrs. Davidson
ami Mrs. Stockton. Dr. Brown then con
tinued:
Thines have occurred during the progress of
this trUl mat have made me believe otherwise
;ban that the council has acted justly and
fairly toward me. It seems to me that this
council has entertained evidence that I think
it ought not to have received.
Hoyt— Has it ever occurred to you, doctor,
tha; our suspicions of you have only been
can-ed by your apparent suspicions of us?
That may be so. It had not occurred to me in
that way.
Moderator McLean spoke of the letter
E ent by special delivery by Dr. Brown to
Mrs. Eaton after Mr?. Tunnell had gone
there, and Dr. Brown declared that
he could not remember having sent it. ad
mitting, however, that he thought Mrs.
Eaton spoke the truth when she said such
a letter came to her house. He then ex
plained that it was probably written at
the request of her sister, Mrs. Ashby.
This caused Dr. McLean to ask why Mrs.
Ashby should have burdened Dr. Brown,
a busy man, with writing a letter for her !
to hef sister, but Dr. Brown could not give
a satisfactory answer.
Moderator McLean— Overman's first ex
planation of those letters, you said, did not
EaUMy you?
No, sir.
Tiatwas the statement that Miss Overman
would have made to the investigating com
mittee? i
Yes. sir.
If it did not satisfy you, why aid you think it
would satisfy the committee?"
I did not think it would. I depended more
upon what I would say than upon her state
ment. .
That was the statement that would have
been given Mis. Cooper?
Yes, sir.
Judge Advocate Woodhams led the wit
ness to deny that he had ever called upon
Mrs. Davidson to take part in the prayer
meetings after he had paid her the $500,
and to state that she had twice after that
time taken part, but without his invita
tion.
He was asked by the same gentleman if
he had ever confessed to Mrs. Davidson
that he loved Miss Overman. The witness
emphatically stated that this was a lie on
the part of Mrs. Davidson, and that the
report of her preliminary trial, as pub
lished in The Call, would show that on
one day during her direct examination she
had made no less than forty-five distinct
false statements, and that on her cross
examination she had lied all the way
through. He refuted the statements that
he had ever promised to pay Miss Over
man $35 a month or that he had promised
to pay her way through college. He said !
that he remarked once in the presence of
bis wife that he wished he could afford to
pay for a university education for Miss
Overman, as she always showed such an
unusual love for books and knowledge.
Woodhams— Did you ever make any demand i
on Mrs. Davidson for the return of that ■
money?
1 have, both by letter and verbally. I have
a letter that 1 wrote her on that subject in my
satcnel.
The letter was produced and read. It
tras as follows:
' San Francisco, Dec. 23, 1895.
Mr*. Davidson: I' shall expect to see you
promptly at the stroke of noon in ray office.
X . ■ C. O. Brown.
Dr. Brown explained that this note was
written afier he had a conversation with
Mrs. Davidson at her room on the subject
A her returning the money. The note, be
■aid, did not reach Mrs. Davidson until
he day after she left her room to avoid
he police, and that he regained 'possession
>f it through Mrs. Halliffan, the landlady
• ' Mrs. Davidson, who found it among the
inopened correspondence oi her. tenant. ;;
He said, in answer to a question by Mr.
renney, that he thought the: scandal was
irecipitated by his refusal to make a loan
A $30' to Mrs.' Davidson after he had j
it previous times loaned her similar j
imnunts.
On the suggestion of Attorney Nagl? he j
inscribed a visit paid him by a woman
vho said her name was Mrs. Wilson, and
hat she lived at 654 Mission street, where
he kept a lodging-house. This woman
old -i story in the presence of the witness
,nd Miss Overman to the effect that she
had been approached by a man named
Miller, who intimated he had been sent by
Mr. Gallagher, and that she had been of
fered money if she would swear that Dr.
Brown had been seen in a compromising
position in her lodging-house. The wit
ness expressed the opinion that his visitor
simply came to him to jret him to raise
the alleged b ; d of the other side. Before
the woman left Dr. Brown forced her to
admit that she had never seen either him
or Miss Overman before the day of her
visit.
Mrs. Brown was put on the stand at the
request of Mr. Nagle and corrected her
testimony of Tuesday by saying that she
had misunderstood the question which
was asked her as to whether Dr. Brown
had told her of the Stockton kissing inci
dent. She said that she was deaf in the
left ear, and added that Dr. Brown had
told her of that matter shortly after it
occurred.
Tne re was some merry gossip and specu
lation by the audience as to whether Dr.
Brown whispered hi? confession into her
oeaf ear.
TWO STRANGE STORIES.
A Couple of Witnesses Cast Some
New Light Upon the Intricate
Case.
At t.e opening of the evening session
the Rev. Dr. Scudder led in prayer, after
which Dr. Brown was recalled to the stand.
In answer to a question by Dr. Tenney,
the pastor exhibited the fo flowing letter:
Dayton, Wash., March 6, 1896.
Dr. C. O. Btov.ii, i-an Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir:
The following telegram received from fcan
Francisco Examiner this a. M.
Your brother has publicly announced that you
demanded money irom l»r. Brown for Mrs. Tnn-
I nell. He says that you nift Mrs. Tinmen at Vl
salia? Will you piease telegraph the Examiner
your full story. \\ c will aliuw you space rates.
LIAMIXtR.
I most emphatically deny having told any
one I demanded money from you for Mrs. I
Tunnell or any one else. If anything I know
would be of interest to you before the ecclesi
astical court, please call on me lor affidavit.
Yours truly, M. H. Patton. Dayton, Wash.
The pastor said he had been very favor
ably impressed with Mr. Patlon. but
knew nothing of his antecedents. In an
swer to a question by Mr. Tenney, Dr. ■
Brown said he had received the* letter
after the council had adjourned for the
afternoon, and the envelope was stamped
"1:30 P. m. "
Dr. Brown was then excused from testi- !
fying further.
•l. \V. Bickford was the next witness.
He said he had been employed as a detec
tive, and had met Mrs. Tunnell at 132
Tenth street, and had read the originals of
the famous Overman-Tunneil letters. He
had come into possession of the letters i
through Mrs. Tunuell leaving with vim
some of her effects on the eve of her de
parture. Before she left she came to him
exclaiming, "My God! I have lost two im
portant letters !"
"I object," exclaimed Mr. Nagle, Dr.
Brown's attorney, rising in great excite
ment. -'This is mere hearsay testimony.
No representative of Dr. Brown was
present, and this is only second-hand evi
dence."
"1 move we proceed," remarked a mem
ber of the council.
Mr. Bickford proceeded. He said he ;
had sold the letters to tue Examiner for j
$50, and did not know where they were |
now. He had an impression, but did not !
know positively, that some one went to |
Dr. Brown with a proposition to sell him j
the letters. He had loaned the letters to '
an attorney, but with no ulterior motive, j
Tue Rev. Mr. Kader then questioned the !
witness. Mr. Bickford denied having sold
the letters, but admitted having received
: money for their publication. He could j
not say positively that any one had tried j
! to seli the letters "to Dr. Brown.
Mr. Parkinson then took the detective
lin hand. In answer to his inquiries Mr. j
Bickford stated that he found the letters ;
in a valise in a h've-gallon kerosene-oil i
can. The papers were lying loosely amm
a quantity of books and old shoes.
"Had yon any right to open the valise
or look* into the oil can?" asked Mr. j
Parkinson.
■•I opened the things because I thought |
if anything wrong was going on it ought 1 (
to come to liynt."
"But had yoM any right to open Mrs. ■
Tunnell's letters?" !
"I had a right like any one else to show j
tip anything wrong that was going on," j
answered Bickford.
"Yes,'" rejoined Mr. Parkinson in a very
caustic tone, "you thought there was
something in it for you, and as soon as
you found it out you sold the letters to the
paper. Isn't that it?"
"No, Ididn't," answered Bickford, hotly. •
"But you lost nothing by the transac- !
tiou," remarked Mr. Partinsun, with a j
sneer, which Dr. Brown answered.
Bickfoid then said he had been offered j
money by a morning paper to rind Mrs. 1
Baddin, but had failed.
Interrogated by Dr. Mooar, Bickford j
said he thought he had a riiht to open,
read and publish Mrs. Tunnell's letters.
"By what right,' asked Dr. Mooar.
"By the right of public morality," an
swered Bickford.
"And you consider yourself the custo
dian of the public morality, don't you?"
asked Dr. Mooar, in a winning tone, where
at a laugh arose.
Mr. Nagle then tooK the witness in hand j
and badgered the witness to his heart's j
content. Mr. Nagle involved the ex-detec
tive in a veritable labyrinth of compromis
ing questions, all intending to prove that
the witness was mixed in a deep, dark, and j
perhaps blackmailing conspiracy. Wher
ever the questions became too searching i
and personal he had one stereotyped j
answer, "I don't remember." He ac- I
knowleged that, although a detective, he
was a whitener and kalsominer between
times.
The witness admitted that in the middle j
of last .January he had twice visited Mr.
Dray at 1041 "Mission. Mr. Nagle then
asked him as to his business. He was then
questioned as to where and how he worked ; i
was he a boss or a journeyman, and about a |
I great many more things, until the mod
erator stopped the questions with the in
quiry as to how the evidence thus brought
out bore upon the case.
Mr. Nagie said it was for the council to j
decide. He did not know what was in the j
minds of the councilmen, and to this Dr. J
McLean, the moderator, said they did |
not know what was in Mr. Nagle's mind j
either. The crowd tittered and Mr. Nagle ;
dropped that particular line of examina- j
tion.
Mr. Nagie then asked if he rented the let- ;
ters to the Examiner and if he consider-d
it honorable to rent another man's prop- i
erty and receive an income from it. The;
witness was non-committal, and Mr. Na- I
gle saia, "That's all.'
Dr. Brown then asked leave to put a
I question, and he said:
"Did you ever hear Mrs. Tunnell swear
I upon any other occasion?"
'■Yes, sir. She said 'My God' more than
once."
This seemed to be all that Dr. Brown
wanted, and then Mr. Tenney asked ques- j
tions.
"Are you holding that money for Mrs. |
Tunnell?" he asked.
"I'll have a talt with her when she \
comes back," was the reply.
"Are you holding that money for Mrs. j
Tunnell?" Mr. Tenney repeated.
"I'll tell you when I have a talk with j
her."
*'I ask you again," persisted Mr. Ten- j
ney. "Are you holding that $o0 for Mrs. I i
Tunnell?"
"I decline to answer," replied the wit
ness.
Then Mr. Tenney continued:
•Why did you come here to-night?"
"I wanted to come."
"Did you speak to any one before you [
came?" I <
•'I spoke to Mrs. Cooper, at her house."
"Did she think it a good idea for you to .
come?"
"Yes; she thought so."
"That will do."
Mrs. Hilda Barton was called then. She j i
said she lived at 16 Graham place. She knew
Dr. Brown and had known Mrs. Tunnell ;
' for so'te time. She used to attend the ;
meetings of Allen's mission in Oakland
and seemed to know more about the Bible i
than any one else, and so she took notice i
of her. Then Mrs. Tunnell called on her. i
The witness knew Miss Overman also, for 1
she was introduced to her the day before | i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
she went to Tacoma. She met Miss Over- ;
man at Mrs. Tunnell's house.
She used to see Dr. Brown at Allen's
meetings, too, and Mrs. Davidson.
Mrs. Tunnell had called upon her, and
when she complained of hard times Mrs.
Tunnell had told her to trust in God. She
said she had a house and lot in Gait, and
she said she would give them to the wit
ness, but the witness never got them. She
said then that when Mrs. Tunnell left she j
did not see her again, and when Mrs. Tun
nell came again she said she had been in
Tacoma. The witness asked how Mrs.
Tunnell had found the money, and Mrs.
Tunnell told her the fare had been paid
by Dr. Brown, and he had given her $10
spendine money besides.
Mrs. Tunnell "told her at the time that
she had seen Miss Overman in Tacoma,
and that Miss Overman was in a "scrape"
and that she was in love. The witness,
asked what the scrape was. and Mrs. Tun
nell would not tell her; all she could say
was, "Didn't I tell you that Mrs. Brown
was jealous of Dr. Brown?"
Then Mrs. Tunnell told her how she had
put $100 in a company and she cleared I
$100 in cash and said she had $100 more in j
the bank. She would not tell where she j
got the money. When she left she ap
geared to be going in the wrong direction.
She said in explanation that she was going
to see Mrs. Davidson ; that Mrs. Davidson
WU a friend of hers. Mrs Tunnell said ;
she was cominir back to see the witness, '
and that she would bring some letters with
her, but when she did come the witness !
would not let her in.
Then Mr. Tennev questioned the witness I
as to what Mrs. Tunnell had told her of
Miss Overman. The witness said again i
that Mrs. Tunnell had told her Mattie i
Overman was in a scrape and that she was
In love with some one, but the "some i
one's" name was not mentioned to her.
Mr. Nagle objected strenuously to the i
line of cross-examination, but his objec- j
tions were overruled.
When Mrs. Tunnel! left for Tacoma, the
witness continued under Mr. Tenney's
cross-examination, she was so poor and
shabby that the witness was seriously
thinking of asking the mission she be
longed to to help the woman, but when
Mrs. Tunnell returned from Tacoma she
was very well dressed and had plenty of
money.
More questions were asked as to the
money which Mrs. Tunnell had, but all of
these the witness answered satisfactorily.
Mrs. Tunneil had never told her where she
had obtained the money.
The witness proceeded to tell how Mat
tie Overman took Mrs. Tunnell's letters
and clothes, and what she left the witness
took and packed them in a satchel. Mrs.
Tunnell told the witness that Mattie was
going to college, and that Dr. Brown was
paying Matties expenses in the college.
Mrs. Tunnell, Misa Overman 'and Mrs.
Davidson slept at Mrs. Davidson's on the
night before Christmas cve — the evening
of the day on which Mrs. Tunnell said
that she had $100 in the bank. Mrs.
Tunnell sent for her to come to Mrs.
Davidson's that night, because Mrs. Tun
neil, as she said, and Mattie were in a
heap of trouble.
The witness reiterated that Mrs. Tun
nell offered her a house arid an acre of
land and a horse and cart at Gait, because
she wanted the witness to live with her
and a Mrs. Smith there. Before she went
away she told Mrs. Barton that besides
the $10u in bank she had about as mucii
in her coat. She did not tell the witness
that she got the money from Dr. Brown,
but that she got it from the sani" source
as that whence she received the $5 pieces.
On cross-examination by Mr. Parkinson
the witness stated that Mrs. Tunnell told
her that she (Mrs. Tunnell) had gone to
the Overman home in Tacoma for the pur
pose of taking care of Mattie Overman,
who "had cot into a scrape." '
"Was it such a scrape as a woman would
be likely to get into who had fallen in love
with a man?" asked Mr. Parkinson.
Mr. Williams asked whether Mrs. Tun
nell and the witness were not believers in
the second coming of Christ, and whether
it was not because of that belief that Mrs.
Tunnell wanted to make her a present of i
the house and let in Gait.
The witness replied that such was the '
fact; that they believed that the second i
coming of Christ wouid-take place in three
years.
Mr. Natrle on the cross-examination drew j
out of the witness the fact that Miss Over- I
man went bark to Tacoma twice — once in
July, 1894, and the next time in the fall.
"I think it was in the summertime,"
added the witness. "But I can hardly tell j
the difference between winter and summer
in California— they are so very much i
alike."
The witness Baid that she became ac- !
attainted with Mrs. Cooper four or five
days ago, and was introduced to Mrs.
Cooper by a man whose name she rather ;
tartly refused to divulge
Much merriment, was caused by the an- j
Bwen of the witness. She said that she
saw Dr. Brown in Dr. Allen's church on i
one occasion.
"When was that?" asked Mr. Nagle,
"When he was there" was the very posi
tive reply.
When asked as to what part of the:
church Dr. Brown was in when she saw I
him she said that she could not tell be- j
cause the seats were not numbered. Then, i
when the question was put as to whether !
there were any services in Dr. Allen's |
church last October she replied no— "a j
preacher did run away with the money."
On the Sunday before Christmas eve,
•*the Sunday before she skipped out of '
town," Mrs. Tunnell knocked at her
door, but the witness refused to admit
her. because if she should admit Mrs. Tun
neli her husband would tear up or burn ;
the letters which Mrs. Tunnell wanted to
leave with her.
"How do you know that?" asked Mr. t
Nagle.
"Because." replied the witness with a !
smile, "my husband burns up my letters
and I did not want him to destroy any
body else's property."
In the course of the examination by Mr.
Nagie Mrs. Barton said that she had gone |
to Dr. Brown's house on Monday or Tues- j
day night, on which Mrs. Tunnell was in j
Dr. Brown's house. She did not go into '
the house, but waited outside for the pur- I
pose of seeing Mrs. Tunnell, who was |
wanted at a council of the Christian Co- !
operative Society. A boy went in i
through the door and she thought she saw j
Mrs. Tunnell inside. She could not swear j
positively that it was Mrs. Tunnell, be- I
cause the witness did not have her glasses ]
on, shejaeing very near-sighted.
The witness followed this up with the
Statement that the Co-operative Society
sent i-eyeral people to Dr. Brown's house
to inquire for Mrs. Tunnell, but they got;
no satisfaction. Mrs. Tunnell was an oiti- j
cer of the Society, and her presence was
deaired at a very important meeting. The
other officers thought that she would bet
ter be at the Cooperative Society's meet
ing than in Dr. Brown's house.
The witness also told about having seen j
Dr. Brown at the Hayes-street entrance to \
the park in company with Miss Overman !
one day.
Dr. Brown took the stand and said that
in the month of January he attended the !
Allen mission one night. At that time i
Miss Overman was in Tacoma. She left i
this City in December, 181)4,. and returned j
in August, 1895. He denied that he was ;
ever alone with Miss Overman in the park !
or any other place.
Dr. Brown denied Mrs. Barton's state- i
ment that Mrs. Tunnell was in Dr. Brown's I
house on a Monday night, because she left j
on Sunday night. He told also of a visit j
made to him by Charles Darling, who |
represented that a friend of his had in his j
possession several letters of a very damag- |
ing nature, of which it might be well for !
Dr. Brown to possess himself.
"That means that there is a price on j
them," suggested Dr. Brown to Darling
00 that occasion.
"That's about the size of it," was Dar
ling's remark.
Dr. Brown would have nothing to do
with the matter and the man went away, i
Wben the council had retired into se- I
cret session a Mrs. Friedlander came up
to Dr. Brown in an excited manner and j
asked to be allowed to appear before the
reverend body. Her wish was complied
with and she testified that for some months j
she had lived opposite Dr. Brown's church i
and had never seen him enter the' build
ing in company with any other woman |
than his wife. The council then adjourned I
until this afternoon.
PINK AND WHITE WEDDING
Nuptials of Miss Greenebaum
and Alfred Simon Last
Evening.
SCHLESSINGEK THEATEK PARTY
Friday Night Whist Club Meets.
Theater Parties at the Audi
torium This Evening.
The wedding of Miss Stella Greenebaum,
daughter of Mrs. Herman Greenebaum,
and niece of Mrs. Louis Sloss and Mrs. ■
Lewis Gerstle; and Alfred Simon, son of
the millionaire merchant, H. L. Simon, of
the firm of Stein, Simon & Co., was !
solemnized last evening at the residence
of the bride's mi th r, 1914 Pacific avenue, \
Rev. Dr. Yoor.sanger officiating. The j
engagement of the happy young couple;
was announced about three months ago, a ;
short while after Mi^sKreenebaum's return ;
from an extended European visit.
In addition to the high standing of the
contracting parties, the wedding last j
evening was all the more interesting on i
account of the delicious little romance con
nected with it.
It is the romance of a love at fi-rst sight, ;
strengthened and nurtured by congenial i
MR. AND MRS. ALFRED SIMON (FORMERLY STELLA GREENEBAUM.)
tastes and sympathetic qualities. Both i
bride and groom are excellent musicians,
and possess literary talent of no mean j
order.
Standing under a bower of apple. bios- i
soms the young couple were united ac- !
cording to the impressive rites of the Jew
ish church.
, Miss Anna Simon, sister of the groom, i
afliciated as maid of honor and Louis Si- j
mon, brother of the groom, acted as best i
man.
. The bride was attired in a magnificent '■
gown ot cream white satin. The jupe, <
elegant in its rich simplicity, was cut en '
train, and the slightly decollete 'corsage i
was elaborately trimmed with . puchesse
and rare 61d point. A bridal veil fastened :
to the coiffure with a wreath of orange
blossoms completed the exquisite costume. !
After the ceremony congratulations were !
in order, and dancing was indulged in i
until 11 o'clock, when an elaborate supper
was served. -
The bridal presents .were handsome and I
numerous, . and embraced many costly'
works of art, rare bric-a-brac arid much I
elegant silver and cut glass. ;■?;
Mr. and Mrs. Simon will leave to-day for
a southern bridal tour, and on their return
will occupy the Simon : residence, corner
of Franklin' and Pine streets, as Mrs. H.
L. Simon and Miss Anna Simon leave for
an extended European- visit.
The .theater party given by Miss May
Schlessingerin honor of MissSchwabacher
and her fiance, Charles Rosenbaum. on ■
Monday evening, was a most delightful
affair. ..
The party, thirty-four in number, after i
enjoying tne stirring melodrama at Mo- i
rosco's, , were driven to the Schlessinger
residence on Broadway, where a delicious
supper was served. - The guests were seated
at two long tables, one of which was hand
somely decorated with pink blossoms and
the other with Jacqueminot roses and white !
lilies. It was past 1 o'clock before the
adieux were said and the last guest de
parted.
The wedding of Miss Georgia M. Wight
man, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John
Wightraan Jr., and Douglas B. Crane of
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company was celebrated at noon onMon.
day at St. Stephen's Episcopal Church on I
Fulton street. The church was filled by a !
large number of guests invited to witness i
the ceremony. The interior of the edifice !
had been beautifully decorated •by the !
young friends of the bride. St. Josep:i !
lilies, smilax, ferns and acacia blossoms !
were used with artistic effect in the adorn
ment of the altar and pulpit. The bride
was attended by her sister. Miss Emma *
"VVightman, as maid of honor. Robert B. !
Church was the best man. Benjamin 8.
Sturtevant, C. Churchill Pryor, Frank H.
Crane and Arthur Thornton officiated as j
ushers.
Rev. Edgar J. Lion, rector of the church, i
performed the ceremony. The reception :
which followed was held in the Maple Hall
of the Palace Hotel and the bridal party
and. a : lew intimate friends partook of the
wedding breakfast, served in the adjoining ;
conservatory. Later in the afternoon Mr. i
and Mrs. Crane left for Coronado Beach ;
and Santa Catalina Island.
Mr. and Mrs. Winthrop' E. Lester (nee
Hobart) have sailed from Europe for New !
York on the steamer St. Paul and are ex- ■
pected to arrive in -the latter city next
Sunday. Miss Ella Hobart and Miss Das
sault will meet them; or. their arrival in i
New York.
The silver wedding anniversary of Mr. |
and Mrs. A. Schwabacher. will.be appio
priately celebrated at their residence, 2100 j
Jackson street, next Sunday evening. _ |C
The opening concert of Mrae. Maternaahd !
Franz ; Ondricek at , the Auditorium this .
evening promises to 'be a most fash- [
ionable as well as an artistic event. V Nu
merous parties have been arranged for the
occasion, prominent, among which are
John Parrott - and ■ a party .of twenty and
Mrs. Clark \V. Crocker and a party of six- j
teen. Among others who will also have j
large parties are Mrs. S. Schwabacher, Mrs. *
J/Neustadter," Mrs. M. Gunst, Mrs. Greene- i
baurn;* Mrs. L. W. ? Rosenstock, Mrs. R. P. j
Buckingham and Mrs. Korbell, who will i
have a party of thirty-four: . /.;.'
The Friday Night- Whist) Club met last
Friday evening at the residence of Mrs. j
Withara, 2410 Washington- street '.;' and en- j
joyed a game of s whist. An excellent mv- ■
sical ;; programme , was i rendered :by Miss
Daisy Witham during the progress of I, the !
game. The highest scores for the evening j
were obtained, by Mr. Mcßride, Mrs. An- I
drews. Dr. ; George E. Hanson; and Judge ]
Coffer. ; After the award ■< of prizes ] a de- j
licious menu was .served by the hostess. '
Among those present were; Mrs. Witham,* ■
Miss Witham, Mr. and f Mrs. W. Witham.
Colonel • and Mrs." H. En gels,"; Dr. Davis,
Mrs. Slack, Dr. Andrews,- Mrs. Andrews,
Mrs. Payson, Mr. McGilveray, Mr. Chick,
Mr. Bratton, Mr. and M/s. Tripp,* Mr. Mc-
Bride, Miss Green, Mrs. Green, Mr. and'
Mrs. Sobriski, Dr. and Mrs. Hanson, Mr.
aid Mrs. H. Melindy, Mr. and Mrs.
Cheeseman, Dr. E. Davis, Judge Coffer,
Mr. and Mrs. Morffin, J)r. and Mrs. Green
ough, Mr. and Mrs. P. Grant, Mr. and
Mrs. Neurnan.
WHAT CAUSES MISERY.
Jordan Says It Is the Degeneration
Resulting From Unearned
Happiness.
All attempts to secure happiness with
out doing something to deserve it ulti
mately result in misery, and misery is an
evidence of degeneration in the individual.
Such was Dr. David Starr Jordan's
theme in his lecture delivered last night in
the hall of the Academy of Sciences be
fore the Stanford Alumni Extension Club.
During his discourse he said:
A person is not really in a condition of
misery because ho is sick. Darwin, the great
est scientist of the century, was, during many
years of hio life, a sick man, and yet he was not
in misery.
Poverty may be a cause of misery, but not
necessarily so; sickness, but not necessarily
so. Instability of character, ignorance, fool
ishness, evil choice, evil environment, adher
ence to conventionality may lead to misery.
Misery is a personal element; a man is'mis
erable because of his degeneration, "l'oor
folks have poor ways," an expression of au old
iady in the Georgia mountains, explains the
existence of much of poverty and misery.
Happiness comes from accomplishing some
thing — from having done something to de
serve it. Jn all animals the process of receiv
ing impressions is essentially the same, and
sensation is received, communicated to the
brain and reflected back to the place re<tiv<<l.
The instinct of lower animals is the automatic
response to the brain reflection; the intellect
of man is the choice of a response. All our
knowledge comes from nerve contact in one
way and another with external things.
A man is degenerated to the degree that he
falls short of what he might have been. In
the long run there is no conflict between what
is be>t for the individual and what is best for
toe race.
Nineteen-twentieths of our thieves and mur-
derers are produced, not by heredity but by
corrosion, because conventionality leads them
to do evil.
The general effect of the stimulant is to de
stroy tho veracity of nerves. It is an attempt
to feel better when you have not done any
thing to feel better for. Perhaps the man who
would accomplish the best results would take
no stimulants whatever.
There are a good many people who try to
receive religious happiness by working them
selves into a series of sentimental thrills, or
by mingling among the enthusiasts, bat this
is not religion. There is no love that ends in
selfishness. .
'. When a student -comes to me, as students
have done;. full of remorse because he has been
on a drunk, I know that he will go off and do
it aeain, for remorse in itself is not a cure.
The great effectiveness of the work of the Sal
vation Army, I think, lies not in their relying
upon the feeling of remorse for wrong, but in
interesting the individual and getting him 10
work doing something-. -
The general end of the double life is that
the lower life will predominate. The best way
is to hold aloof from the lower tendencies
altogether. ■ •. .
Any condition of life based on being good on
Sunday and bad on Monday is destructive to
the community.
What people generally are talking about in a
city is a pretty good index to the character of
the population, In Havana, Cuba, when I was
there once, the prevalent conversation was
gambling, and the great hero of the place was
the barber, wno hud just won the big prize
with a lottery ticket.
All attempts to secure tho rewards of skill
without having used the skill end in disaster.
The most disagreeable thing that toe chil
dren of San Francisco are subjected to is the
language of suggestion of the bulletin boards.
All these things and the trials that are held
and reported through this City's newspapers
are fatal to love, fatal to life*
The so-called sowing of wild oats results in
injury to the spinal column. When wild oats
grow luxuriantly no other crops can grow.
It is said of Starr King that he did not like
the rotten side of things:
This class of literature that is called realism
is not real, is not true to lite at all. It ought
to be banished . from every decent man's
library. - ' : ■ ■ ■ ■■•■•■. .■: -'*: .-.■ ■•
AN OPINION MODIFIED.
i Judges Must Be Careful About
Instructing Juries to
Acquit.
—
The Practice Is Dangerous, and to
x Be Invoked Only in the
Clearest Cases.
The Supreme Court has rather modified
; the terms of the opinion in the Knuth
i case by a decision filed in the case of An
i drew J. O'Connor against O. S. Witherby,
I filed yesterday.
In the Knuth case the court said that
whenever, in the opinion of the trial Judge,
I the evidence given to the jury was not suf
ficient to justify the verdict rendered, he
; could, in the exercise of his discretion, set
j the verdict aside.
The decision caused some commen
: among the lawyers of the City, and it was
I generally considered a dangerous theory
i to go by;
In the case just mentioned this theory
|is much modified. A. EL Witherby was
j sued by Andrew J. O'Connor for the
| amount of an assessment on 100 shares of
j stock which he was supposed to hold in
I the Consolidated National Bank. With
t erby contended that be did not own the
j stock. The case was tried before a jury,
I the ca«e was submitted and then the
j plaintiff moved that the court instruct the
jury to iind for the plaintiff and the in
struction was granted and the jury
! brought in its verdict accordingly. The
j defenaant appealed and one of the points
made was that the court had no authority
Ito instruct to acquit. The Supreme
j Court sustained the ruling of the lower
: court, and la answering the point made as
to the instruction says:
We do not think that the judgment should
I be reversed because the court instructed the
I jury to find for the plaintiff. Ot course such
' an instruction could not be upheld when there
i was conflicting evidence as to the material
I facts which the jury had a right to pass on,
; but when there is no substantial conflict of
j evidence as to the facts determinative of the
| case, or sueli tacts are adraitU'd, theu the judg
| ment will not be reversed for such an instruc
tion, although the practice is hazardous and
j can be sanctioned only in the clearest cases.
The opinion was written by Justice Me-
Farland. Justices Temple and Henshaw
concurring.
The statistical returns of the various
Methodist bodies give 25,000.000 as the
total membership throughout the world. I
NEW TO-DAT. '
DYSPEPSIA
CURE
Munyon's Stomach and Dyspepsia Cure
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
I troubles, such as rising of food, distress after
j ■ eating, shortness of breath, palpitation and
all affections of the Heart caused dv indi-
gestion, -wind on the stomach, baa taste,
offensive breath, loss of appetite, faintness
or weakness- of the stomach,' headache
from indigestion, soreness of the stomach,
coated tongue, heartburn, shooting pains
of the stomach, constipation, dizziness,
faintness and lack of energy. Price lioc.
Muavon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price "25c.
■ Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
, : Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1. .
• Ask your druggist for free copy of Mun-
yon's Guide to Health, and treat yourself
at home with harmless remedies that con-
tain positive cures for all diseases.
Personal letters to Professor Munyon,
1505-. Arch street, Philadelphia,. Pa., an-
swered with free medical advice for any
'disease. ■ ■ "
PAPER
HANGINGS
I AND I
INTERIOR
DECORATING.
WE ABE NOW PREPARED TO
show the largest and most
elegant stock of
WALL PAPER
ever offered in the city, comprising
the " Choice Things" of the leading
manufactories.
With our large force of skilled .
workmen we are prepared to execute
any orders for
DnCO^AjTIWij\Np_^AJPE!RING^
In the Latest Style and at the
—LOWEST PRICES —
G. W.CLARK & CO.
653 Market Street.
/&£& c«OSERf^ O^<^
I0 " gf%__ BICYCLES \
ABSOLUTELY CTTREB. U I « 1 Bfl Lit T
tnr simple application of " Swath** OnrnciTrr" withoofl
■ but intrrnsl medicine, via cure any cas" >■' Tetter, Salt
Ringworm. l Serei,Piinp]fi'.Kryslp«lu,&e a
mo matter bow obstinate or lone standing. S*M by drnifgifta, '
or «nt by mail for 50 en. 3 Boxes, (1.25 - Address, Da.
&»*ia* b Sox, Fbilaltlplu*, fa. A*k jutit itaQjH tolfc
Say'- mister! you've dropped youi*
The largest piece of
ever sold for lo cents
S^^iASioD'eESTORED^SS
■ R''<?nrfiro» & turn of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner>
HV\V >s X ) MC. - \ \ vona or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
Rl Si £d&A \i" ■ Insomnia. Painsin the Buck, Seminal .Emissions, Nervous Debility.
IS • t'm^L TT ' svtW 1 Pimples, Unfitness to Jlarry, Exhaustins Drains, Varicocele and
■H S^ r V -/Constipation.; It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
D ■•.',..;- -Ni^ /';.-■■ >sj^»/, ness of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
'■>; ■ nrrnnPian APTPR all the horrors of Impoteccy.ClTPlDElVEcleacses the liver, UK
■ BtruMt * ND M " '*■" , kldneysandtheurUiaryorganso«aUinipaxiUc3. -v ;
. ' , CUPIDESTE strengthens and restores Bmall weak organs. - -.^ ■-...• ■
• ■ . The reason Buft"erer-, are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Pro>tati( in. CUPIDEXE is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 6000 testimoni*
•Is. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes docs not effect a permanent ear%
§1.00 a box, six fur $6.00, by mall. fiend for free circular and testimonials. • * '^^ShCK^^
- Address DATOL 3IEDICINE CO. 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
/ : BKOOKii' PHAKMACY, 119 Powell stre«t
■ ■ ■-, ■ ■■ : '. ■ ' • ... - .-->....- .-.- -. .- •■■' ■■ - - ■ . . .- ■;
NEW TO-DAT.
HEADQUARTERS FOR
BICYCLE GARMENTS.
SUSIE OUR
SOBBf BICYCLE SUITS
FOR 1896.
For Ladies, Gents and Children
• The strips will interest, please and sur-
prise you. . ,
TIUJY LOOK WELL.
THEY WEAR WELL.
They Give Perfect Satisfaction.
WE SHOW STYLES IN
SWEATERS .
That Cannot Be Seen Anywhere Else.
WE SHOW
Everything That a Rider Wants From
Cap to Leggins.
OUR PRICES
ARE THE LOWEST.
See Our Exhibit at the Cycle Show,
Booth 36.
'illustrated Catalogue and Price List mailed tree
upon application.
NEWMAN TLHIISOI
125, 127, 129, 131 KearnySt. i
Bran eh Store 742 and 744 Market St. c
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLKS H. PHILLIP.*, ATTORNET-A*
\J law and .Votary Public, 638 Market St., oppm
Bite Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Fell at. Tel*
phone 675. Residence telephone. "Pine 2501."
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SI " V.MARY Or THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull.
Tuir shipping demand for Barley.
small Yellow Corn firmer.
Large shipment ot Rye to Europ*.
Hay an'i Feedstuff.-* unchanged.
Hides and Leather weak and dull.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weak.
Poultry abort the same.
Sew Potatoes poor.
Onlona •ovanced.
All Frnlta unchanged.
Provisions steady.
Vegetables lowen
explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the ;
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of ;
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid '
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therm?, or (lotted lines, equal temperature. The
word ••high" means high barometric pressure and ]
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low" |
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" i
usually tirst appear on the Washington coast. !
ben the pressure is high In the interior and low j
•.long the coast, and the isobars extend . north and
south along the coast, rain is probable: but when
the "low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With s
"high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win- |
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
an opposite result. .
i
i
!
WEATHER KI'KKAl 1 REPORT.
Un'itep States Department of Agricul
turk, Weather Bi'rkav. Sa N Francisco. March
11, 1896, 5 p. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last year:
Eureka 32.01, last season 32.33; Bed Bluff 14.53,
last season 25.13; San Francisco 13.89, last season
21.97; Fresno 4.93, last season 11.32; San Luis
Obispo 14.61, hist season 22.46; Los Angeles 7.82,
last season 11.68; San Diego 4.44, last season
10.23; Yuraa.Bß.. last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka j
64, Ked Bluff 76, Sau Francisco 69, Fresno 72, In
dependence —. San Luis Obispo 80, Los Angeles
78, San Diego 72, Yuma 80.
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature 69,
n^triimum 50. mean 60. There was no rainfall
airing the past twenty-four hours.
The pressure continues high over the Pacific
Slope ana .Rocky Mountain region, although there
is no decided high area. It is as high as 30.3
Inches over Northern Washington and diminishes
gradually southward, being 30 inches in Southern
California and Arizona. There has been a slight
rise in pressure over Montana in the pest twelve
hours. The temperature continues above the nor
mal from 7 to IS degrees over the Pacific Slope
and eastward to Colorado and New Mexico. It has
warmed up over Northern Utah and Northeastern
Nevada. There is no indication yet of any decided
change in weather or temperature. With the ex
ception af a trace of snow at Helena and at Havre.
there lias been no snow or ram during the past
twenty-four hours west of the 105 th meridian.
Forecast made at San Francisco tor thirty hours
ending midnight March 12, 1896:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; light,
westerly winds. ,
Southern California — Fair Thursday: light
westerly winds.
Nevada—Fair Thursday.
Utah—Fair Thursday; continued high tempera
ture.
Arizona—Fair Thursday; continued high tem
.pe rat lire.
■ San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
Ugh', westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. MCADIK,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. March 11.—When it is
said that American tobbaco figured for 230,800
shares out of a grand total of 342,500 shares for
the entire list It about explains the market at the
Stock Exchange to-day. Tobacco opened at 75%,
rose to 828.4, receded to 733/g and then recovered
to -'a 79. All sorts of rumors were afloat to
account for the sensational movements in the
stock and the enormous dealings. It was said that
a movement was on foot to settle the existing dif
ferences with its Western competitors, and that
the company intended to resume dividends on the
common at an early day. Both of these stories
met with semi-official denials, and later in the day
the street finally settled down to the opinion that
the recent wide fluctuations were due to manipu
lation by people alleged to have inside connec
tions.
The rumor was to the effect that a Southern
director or the company, finding the stocK heavily
oversold, inaugurated a campaign against the
Deal ■ and bad completed a big Washington inter
est to rover. The tact that a well-known Wash
ington firm was given up as a buyer of 30.000
shares lent color to this theory. In the afternoon
trading the excitement in this specialty abated,
and traders paid more attention to General Elec
tric, Chicago Gas, Leather preferred and Cotton
Oil. General Electric rOM irom 34.V 8 to 37y 2:
Sugar rose irom 1151.4 to lit}l**, Leather preferrtd
from 603/8 to 62, and Cotton Oil preferred from
60' 4 to til'" The railway lis Showed little life.
At the start Burlington and Qulncy, Missouri
Pacific and Baltimore were notably weak, falling
r.* to i ... per cent, bat in the later session a steadier
tone prevailed and the losses noted were partly re
. gained. speculation closed firm. Net changes
show losses of I g@*4 per cent in the railway list
and gainS of 1 to 3y 8 per cent in the industrial
group. - • • ■ •
Bonds were dull and firm. Sales were $1,777,
--00j. Chicago and Eastern Illinois first sinKltig
turn! sixes rose 1 to 114; I qniiai/c i.as and Fuel
of Chicago sixes, 2 to 98; Missouri, Kansas and
Eastern fives, 1;o 93V 2; Northwest sinking fund
lives. I* to 1KM..4.
In Government bonds $103,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 1163,4@117.
Grain.
FLOUR—DuII, easy. Winter wheat, low grades,
*2 50®8; do fair to fancy. *2 B^@:■( 90: do patents.
S3 9U&4 15: Minnesota clear, $2 70@3 30; Minne
sota straits, $.;<a.;i M; Minnesota p.. tents, $;■> 35rq>
4 30; low extras, $2 'Mho,.!: city mills, $4 15@4 25:
city mills patents, M 30@t 46; rye mixture,
'$2 50faJ3 30: superfine, $2 !oio,J 70; fine, *2@2 65.
Southern flour—Steady; common to fair extra,
*-■_' 40@3: too.! to choice, S3C<s3 30. Rye flour— Dull,
Steady : $2 60@2 85.
BUCKWHKAT—4Offi4IC.
COKN MEA Steady; yellow Western, $2 20<a
2 25: Brandy wine. $2 20.
BYE— state, 4ftc delivered; Western, 48VaC.
BAKLEY—Firm: No. 2 Milwaukee. 4&@4Hc.
BAKLEY 1/I—Firm. Western, 55(ai58c.
WHEAT— Active, firmer; No. 'i rev, store and
elevator..79y2/4 c; afloat, 81@81Vic; t. 0.b.,
£oV&raSl%c; ungraded red, b'9@B3c; So. 1 North
ern. 74 >/c.
Options more active and irregular, declining
1 2 in S/8C on weaker cables, local realizing mid bear-
Isii (.overnment reports, advanced tfyfoMc with
the West and on belter export, demand, fell lAc
and closed steady at unchanged prices to V B c ad
vance, May and July most active. No. a Red
Star li. 73Vzc; April, 73% c; May. 74% c; June
and July, 71 c- * .. '
COKN—^pot. dull, firm; No. 2, 39V 8c elevator
4i' ■•■,!• afloat.
Options were active and firm, closing unchanged,
May and July most active. March, 38c- May
»6V«c; June, 361/20.: July, 37c.
OATS—DuII, suady.
Options steady, dull; March, 253/ 8c; May,
258/gC. Spot prices: No. 2, 25' /2 No. 2 white,
V7l/4C: - No. 2 Chicago, 26V 2c; ■ No. 3, 24y 2c; No. 3
white, 255/B@26c: mixed 'Western, 26(g>26Vfec
wiiite do, 27®29c; while State, 27@29c.
■'!) I,ran, 60(3;«2i>,c.
MIDDLINGS—CS7^7I>c.
KYK— Feed, 62i/2@^c.
Provisions.
BEEF—Quiet and unchanged; beef hams dull,
$14 50<ffi]6; tien-ed beef.' dull; city extra India
Mt'ss,sls(Sil6 50; cut meats, mor^ active: pickled
bellies, 12 lbs, b(^sc; do-shoulder*,. 4y 2c; do
hams. B%@S»/ic. ,, . • . r, . - .
LARD—Quiet, about steady; Western steam,
*5 CO; clty,9o@6 05; May, $5 75. Refined, dull:
• continent, *6 90; South American. *6 15; com
pound. 4S/g!ig,47/ B e.' • . ■ ■■■■■..■ ,-;..,- -._.'
ro«K—Firm. Mesa, 810@10 50.
BUTTER—Steady and in fair demand. Western
creamery. 14@22c: Elglns. '22c: imitation cream
ery rolls. P@l3c: rolls. 6@By c _
CHEESE Fairly active. State, large, 6@6V±c;
do fancy. 10>.|C: do small, 6@10»4; part skims,
3i4®7c: full skims IVJ&6C. ,,
Weaker. Stateaml Pennsylvania, 11 Vis®
13S4c: Southern. 10(£10:?4c; icehouse, case.
$2 - f>o@2 60; Western, fresh, ll@14c; duck, 23
<g,'Jßc. ■ :
TALLOW— Steady. City, 3 15-16 c: country, 334
08 %c • .
COTTONSEED OlL— Firm and in Detterdemand;
crude. Vie; yellow prime, 25i/ac: do oil grades,
2i Vie.
RESIN— DuII, steady; strained common to good
$1 70f3U 76.
TURPENTINE— Quiet, steady: 29@29i.4c.
POTATOES— -steady; moderate demand; sweet,
$1 2(>@4-70. - ■
RlCE— Fairly active: domestic, lair to ex
tra. MM&c; Japan, 33/i@4e. •
MOLASSES— FairIy active: choice firm; New
Orleans open kettle, good to choice. 27@37c.
COFFEE— Opened nearly steady, IQ@25 points
lower, closed quiet. 10@615 points down: March,
$13 10@13 15; April. $12 75: May, $12 55@12 60;
July. $11 85: September, *11 05@ll 10: Decem
ber. $10 80@10 85. Spot Rio, steady, quiet: No. 7.
13% c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, steady; fair refining. 3<%c;
centrifugal 06 tost. 4@4i.,<c. Herined. quiet; No. 6,
4»/ 8 c: No. 7. 5 l-16c: No. 8. 4V 4 No. 9, 4 3-1 6 c:
No. 10. 4i 8 c: No. 11. 4 1-1 6 c: No. 12, 4c; No. 13,
3 1516 c: off A,4 7-16(au 11-16 c; mold A. 5V4c;
stanrinM A, sc; confectioners' A. 4 "/ c: cut loaf and
crushed, 55/ 8 c; powdered and cubes, 6 Vic; granu
lated, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA , FRUlTS— Almonds, soft-shell.
7i-!><£,Bc: do paper-shell, 18i^@14c.
APKICUTB— Bags, 9V 2 @l2c.
PEACHES— I npeeled, 4@7c; do peeled. 13y 3
@15c.
PRUNES-Four sizes. 6i/i<B'-siAc.
RAISINS— Loose Muscatels, 2-crown, 25/a@
234 c: do 3-crown. 3i,4@3Vic: do 4-crown. 4Vi@sc;
London, layers, 80@90c; do Clusters, $1 25(«1 40.
WALNUTS— Standard. 6i/>@7c; do soft-shell,
SV 2 @loc.
HOPS— DuII: easy; State, common to choice, 2y 3
@8c: Pacific Coast. 2y 2 (g'Bc. London market un
changed.
wOOL—Q uiet; firm: domestic fleece, Ib(§i22c;
pulled, 15(&.33c: Texas, «@l3.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON- *1175@13 50.
COPPER— DuII: steady: Lake. $11.
LEAD— Steady: Domestic, $3 10.
TIN -Easy; straits, $13 30: plates, quiet;
SPELTER-Qulet: domestic, $4 10@4 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., March 11.— Wheat prices In
clined downward to-day, the prime cause for
which was found In the Government's report of
yesterday, etving the amount of wheat still in the
farmers' hands at 123,000,000 bushels. Liverpool
cables came out with a decline of 3 farthings, and
explained the loss as being due to the United
States Agricultural Department's report. Prices
', at t he start were »,ic under the close of yesterday,
• and later additional fractional depreciation took
place. Holders of "puts," and buying against
i previous short sales by the general trade, sup
ported the market most of the session. There was
scattered "long" sellin g and occasional raids by
I professionals, but the volume of business was not
excessively heavy-
Receipts at Chicago were 73 cars and 209,596
bushels were taken from store. Northwestern
i arrivals were 321 cars, against 434 last Wednes
day and 228 a year ai;o. Closing continental cables
v.-ere irregular Export clearances were light at
191,491 bushels. In the las , half hour a complete
recovery took place, reports of sales of wheat for
export at New York inducing "shorts" to cover
ami prompting some buying for "Ion*;" account.
; May wheat opened from 6414 cto 64V'gC, advanced
to 65VsC, closing at 64y B @6sc, unchanged from
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 75
cars.
CORN— The Government report on corn had lit
tle bearing on the price of that grain, although me
farm reserve as indicated officially, 1,07-. 000. 000
bushels, was generally acknowledged to be correct
in the main. The trade in this grain of late has
kept the enormous supplies constantly in mind, so
that prices have ruled low in consequence, and
therefore no justification of an extraordinary break
was to be found in the confirmation by the Govern
ment of what was already known. Receipts were
264 cars. There were no withdrawals from store.
Liverpool cables were easier, and Vid lower. Ex
port clearances were 315,948 bushels. May corn
opened at 30c, advanced to and closed at 301./4 C,
unchanged from yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 301 cars.
OATS— Were steady. There was no news of
direct interest, 'and business was of an unimuort
ant kind. Receipts were 161 cars. There were no
withdrawals from store. May oats closed a shade
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row 585 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 89@89VaC; May,
901/ic; July, 91c bid. Receipts 11 cars.
PROVISIONS— The hog market this morning
'was exactly the reverse of yesterday, large re
ceipts and lower prices being reported. Product
as in duty bound opened weak and declined on the
information. May pork closed 10c under yester
day. May lard a shade lower, and May ribs 2 y«c to
&c lower.
Closing: Prices.
WHEAT — March, 63Vac; May. 64%@65c;
July. 65" 3 j&tis6/ 6 c.
CORN— March, 285 8 e; May, 30Vic; July, 31V 8 @
31 Vie
OATS— May, 203 / / 8 c; July, 21c; September,
2U»c. " '
PORK— May, $9 85: July, $10 05.
LARD— May, $5 47 Vi; July. $5 60.
RIBS— May. $5 30; July, $5 40.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lit., March 11.— Offer-
Ings of cattle to-day were light, prices advancing
10c and in some instances 15c for desirable lots.
The arrivals of hoes were large and prices declined
C@loc. Some sales early were made at unchanged
figures. The sheep market was fairly active and
steady. The offerings were moderate.
CATTLE— Receipts. 10,000. Fancy beeves, $4 60
(3,4 70: choice to prime, 1300 to 1750 pound steers.
$4 25@4 50: good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600
pounds. $4@4 20; medium steers, 1150 to 1.300
pounds, S3 75(g,3 96: common steers. 950 to 1200
pounds, $3 40(0.3 70; feeders. 900 to 1200 pounds,
$3 50(&3 8'); stockers, 600 to 900 pounds, 82 76;'$
3 50; bulls, choice to extra, S3@3 50; do. poor to
good,s2@2 90; cows and heifers, extra. $3 50©
3 75; cows, fair to choice, $2 f»Kg>3 40: cows, poor
i to good canners, $1 50{q,2 45: veal calves, good to
1 ' choice, $5(0,6 10; calves, common to i.ood,
, I ?« 75(g;4 75; Texas fed steers, $3 40(a4 10: Texas
j Lulls, oxen and cows, ••?_' 10®3 25; milkers and
j springers, per head, $ 2Wa.40.
HOGS— Receipts, 32,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lot*. $3 85(<$4 15: common to choice
, mixed, $3 90(3,1 12V 2 : choice assorted, $4 10®
, 4 20; light, $»90®4ZU.
SHEEP— Receipts. 11.000. Inferior to choice,
$2 60&3 «5 lambs, $3 60@4 60.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at 3@3ViV: last
loan at '£%, and closing offered at 34. I rime mer
cantile paper, 5@5 1/2%. Bar silver, 68% c. Mexican
dollars, *65@>5&%c. (sterling' exchange Is firmer,
with actual (.useless In banners' bills at 34 b7@
4 87V* for 60 days and $4 88@4 PBV4, for demand.
Posted rat»«, $4 88@4 89. Commercial . bills,
84 h6ra.4 86%. Government bonds easy; State
bonds linn; railroad ixmas higher. Silver at the
board was neglected.
'(.LOMNa KTOCK*.
m Tel <fc Cable-.. 91 (Norfolk * Wer... iy a
A"xhison 15% ! Preferred... 7
Preferred 25 Northern Paclflo.. 3%
Adams Express.. .l 47 i Preferred... l 6»' 2
Alton.Teirre Haute. 60 Nortnwestern......lo3i /2
' American Express.l ll _ Preierred 1 4 5 1 3
' American Tobacco. 78 N. Y. Central 871/.
Preferred 100 .Y. Chicago&3.L 121/1
BaybtateUas 21 V* Ist preferred 70
• Baltimore <£ Ohio.. 16% id preferred.. .... 2*
Brunswicit J.ands.. HN. V.& N. H... 175
Buffalo. Boch & 1* N. Y. New Ens. 40
• Canada Pacific... 651/4 N. Y. Sugq & W.- 9%
'■ Canada Southern.. 4 » s /» Preferred. 26
1 ( anton Land 607/ 8 Ontario 14
1 central Pacific... 1° (Ontario* Western. 14%'
I Cbes-ifc 0hi0...:... 163/ 8 Oregon ImprovmL 2
Chlcwro Alton \j>f Preferred.
f Preferred.. ....... 170 Oregon Navigation. 12i/ a
Chicago, U.& U.... 77 Urecon short Lin*. 4
Chicago* E. 111... 43 Pacific Mail 25" 8
Preferred......... 9H Peona. JJ.& Evans, 2v 3
. Chicago wa5. ;...... Wv'a Plttsburg & W pfd. 19
. C'leveA Plttsburg. Pullman Palace... 158
• Consolidation Coal. 30 QulcksU ver~. . ;;.„ 1 14
1 Consolidated Ga5.. 154 i*referreOL..... „- 15y a
: L". C. C. & SU Louis, SHVi Reaaing :..." llVa
, Preferrea.. ....... 88 hloGrande I*
. Colo. Fuel A Iron.. :8i/ 3 Preferred......... 43
, Preferred......... 97 Rock Island 71.%
, Cotton Oil Cert.... I 1 * 1 /* BomeWat&OgdenllSi/.
Commercial Cable. 1 05 jSt-L. &8. W ...... 6
Del. Hudson 12« j Preferred. 11%
) Del.Lack&WeaternieiVi 8t.Pau1..... 7<<f' 8
DenTer<Kß.O~.... 13 : Preferred.. ....... l*9Vi
Preferred. 4814 Bt. Paul A Duluth. 2ij
Di5ti11er5... ........ l»> 7 /s Preferred 90
General Electric. . 37% fit. Paul & Omaha. 40 .
Erie....; I 'Vs Preferred..... ....124
Preferred.... .... 'iiV2 *>'• *■ M- & M......109
. Fort Wayne... 162 (Silver Certincat,-**.. 6.%
Great > onnern pfd. 10 'Southern Pacific, i 9
• Greeniiay ........ * */a s^ouinern A. X..... g.y 8
! Bitrlem ...... ...... 39 1 Preferrea ....... BOV4
, C0a1...... d . : 2 feugar Refinery.. ,.Jl 7- 8
: Hocking Valley... l^Vs! Preferred... ;"....;. 101 Vi
. I Homestaice........ -30 |Term. Coal * Iron. .< (>1 /2
H. A Texas Cent_. 1% Preferred......... 100
', Illinois central.... 9- >; Texas Pacific...... «3/ 8
lowa Central. 8y 2 Tol.A.A.dk —
Preferred 35 ilol. A Ohioc«n.... - :-0
' Kansas A Texas._ ll'ii Preferred.. :65
Preferred......... M% lol.St.Louts<SK.a 4
' Kingston A Pern... 3 Preferred 10
1 Lake Erie .v Wesia 19% Union Pacific TV 2
Preferred......... -71 v3 U. P.. Den. A Uulfc : 4
Lace Bhore 1 47 1. 2 1° .8. Cordage 5V4
' National Lead 23a /4 i Preferred.; ....... 10V*
I Preferred..' 86Va ; Guaranteed... ,. — 2)i/i
. L0ng151ana........ 81 U. B. Express....- 45
1 Louisville A Nash. 5234U.5. Leather ..... . 9Va
Louisville Na& Cn. 9i, erred...... .« 61
- - Preferred.... .... 2a " I*. S. Ruober ...... 265/«
Kanhattan Consoi. 105 Preferred m 4
Mempnis ACharU. li L'tlca AB. River.. lsl
Mexican Central... 11% VVab. s. L. & Pao.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 95 1 Preferred...:..... 175, 8
. Minn AS. L......... IWells-Fargo... «5
} Preferred.'........—— : Western Union.... 84%
I Minn. A st. l com. 'JO ~< Wls Central ..'.;.-. 3V a
> Ist preferred 7UV2 Wheeling &L. 8.. 11
2d preferred 49 8 /«] Preferred. ...... 37 -
, Missouri Pacific.... 23V* Am Cotton Oil pfd. 601/4
: Mobile A 0hi0..... 2^i/ 2 W V 8eef .......... 8* /4
• Nashville Chatt.... t8 Ann Arb0r.....*.... 10
National Linseed.. IB Preferred 24V a
N. J. Central 108 Brooklyiiß Transit 22%
1 Kortli American... , 6V»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
ciMiKa Bnvrn.
U 848.re8:..... ...108- M.KT2d5. ...... .. «0
Do, 4s coupon... 1 1034 I>O, 45............. 88 ,
Vs 4s new reg..... 1163/ 4 Mutual Union 85... 115 ■
Do, 4s coupon... 11 K«iiN J Cent Gen 65.:.1i7i/a
Do. 25... ...96 Northern Pac lsts.ll7
Do, 6s H234 Do, 2ds ....112
Do. 6s counon.. Do, Mi's ........;. 82 Vi'
Cherokee 4s. 1890.100 on west Consols. 1 ** '' 4
Do. 1897... 100 Do, deb 5s 109
Do. 1898.. 100 OR AN 1513..;...11l
Do. 3899... ....... luO BiLAlronMtGenSs 79Va
Pacific 6s of '96.... [tit 1. <v SFG«*n 6s. 1"
D. C. 3-6 65. ....... 110 Xt Paul Consols ...138
Ala Class A 4 1< 8 I St. P. C. ,v Pa Ist*. 1
Do. Class 84, 6s. 108 ■ Do, I'ac Cat isis.. 1 1 0
La C0n50i 45........ 9 aV'2 Southern R. R. 6s. 91
Missouri funding;..— ( Texas Pacific firsts 89
N Carolina oon 65.. H2Va Texas Pac seconds. ii!*%
Do, 45...... ...... 103 il'nionPac lstof'99.lo2^
Fo Carolina 4V»5...107 West Shore 45... 106
1 urn new .is ... 87 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 86 Vi
Va funding debt... 61 Va R UrandeWest lsts 76V 3
Do, reg.... - — ChesAO6s. 107^
Do. deferred 65... 5Va Atchtson 4s .:. ' 78Va
Do. trust rcpts st 6 Do, ids A,.»...., 26Va
Canada South Ms.. 104 ,3 GIIA 8 a 65...... 105
Cen Pac or '96 101 j Do. 2d 7s. 100
Diti A Ist 113 II A Tex Cent 65.. 1:0
Do. 45... 893,4! Do.con6s 106
Erie2ds..... 74 Reading 4s 78
Kansas Pa Consols 73 Missouri Us ....... 100
Ks la lsts Den divlO6 1
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.*
LIVERPOOL, Esq., March 11.— The spot market
Is dull at 5s 7d@6s Bd. Cargoes lower at 28s 3d
arrived.
: FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,'
5s s id; April, fs 6%d; May. 6a <sd; June, 6s
till; July, 5s oil.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Em, March 11.— Consols, 109%:
silver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes, 102t 92V>c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, 5ight......... — 4 88 1 /*
Sterling Cables — 4 88Va
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic — Par
Fine Silver, ounce.. — 68%
MexicaD D011ar5............. ...... 651/4 66
— ■ ♦ . .
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OIHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Eulomene takes for Liverpool
68.526 ctis, valued at $77,100.
The market is quiet and unchanged. No. 1, $1 10:
choice, fl HVi@l 121/2: lower grades. $I@l 08%;
extra choice for milling, $1 20@l 25 %i ctl.
CAI.I. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— May— soo tons.
$1 11; 200. $1 107 : 300, $1 103,4. "December—
200, $109s/,; 1100, $1 091/8: 1000, $1 0914."
l:i/;n.AK . Morning Skssion— May— tons,
I $1 Hi*; 100, $1 11; 700. $1 10%. December—
I 100, $109S/ 8 : 500, $1 091/2; 100, $1 09S/ 8 .
Afternoon skssk in — December — 100 tons,
$1 09s ' s ; 200, $1 091,4.
BARLEY— Dealers report a brisk demand In the
interior for Brewing for shipment. The local mar
ket rules dull.
Shipment of 10,9C9 ctls Brewing, valued at
: ?BSOO, to Liverpool.
Feed. ti7V;@7oc ft ctl; choice, 71Vi@72VaC.
; Brewing, 75©H2i-ac.
: CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Kioi'ur Morning' Session— May— 2oo tons,
j 72Vic; 100,72V 4 0. December-200, 73s/ B e.
Afternoon session— May— loo tons, 72'/ac;
j 200, 72Vi<\ . . •
OATS— Moderate jobbing trade only. Milling
are quotable at 75@80c; fancy Feed, 80@82V 2 c "$
ctl: trood to choice, 72Vi@77Vic; common to fair,
j 65(a70c; Gray, 70@75c; Red, tor seed, 86@»1 06;
I Black 65c@?l 10; Surprise, 90@95c.
CORN— Small Round Yellow is held still higher.
! Large Yellow is steadier at unchanged prices.
Lane Yellow, 87Vi@90c; Small Round do, $1@
I 02yo; White. 80(g*86c %* ctl.
RYE— Shipment of 54.693 ctls. valued at $43,
--76. to Antwerp. We quote the market quiet at 80
@h2iAc lj* ctl. .;
BUCKWHEAT— 86&9& C ? ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net «ash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 90@4 r bbl: Rakers' extras, $3 80@
j 3 90: superfine, $2 75(d;2 85 %i bbl.
j CORNMEAL, ETC. - Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
I Cracked Corn, $21 '■? ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
low.-, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
234 c; Rye Flour, 31/4 C; Rice Flour, 7 Vic;: Corn
meal, 2 :< 4(g.3c; extra cream do, SV-jc: Oatmeal,
334 c: Oai Groats, 41 2 C : Hominy, 4^41/2^; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3i/ 8 o; Farina,
2 c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats, 4 Vi c i
Peart Barley, 4! /2 c; Split Peas, 4»4c; Green do,
6Vic %> Ib. '
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-$12@12 50 f. ton.
! MIDDLINGS— 17 H ton for lower grades
ana $17 50@18 50 ~f ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 ton;
Oilcake Meal at tb«- mill, $21 14 ton: jobbing,
$2150: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21. - .
HAY— Firm and in fair demand. Wheat. $s<s
II 60: Oat, $B@9 ~f, ton; Wheat and Oat, $8@11:
Barley, $7(a.W: Alfalfa, $7@9: Clover, $6(3,» 50;
Compressed". $7(ailO 50: Stock, $6@7 '#, ton.
STRAW— 3s<g>6Oc f, bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos,sl 10@l JO: Small Whites, $1 25
@1 40 H ctl; Pea, $1 40@l 60 ctl; Large Whites,
$1 10@l 15; Pink. 90c@»l 20; Reds. $1 65@1 90;
Blackeye, nominal; Reel Kidney, nominal; Limas,
$2 'Js@2 65; Butters, $1 40@l 50 ~$ ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $1 95@2 05; Trieste.
$2(a2 20 '0 ctl; Yellow Mustard, sl 40@l 60; Flax,
$1 70<<i.l 75; Canary, 3Vi@3V3C "f« tt>: Alfalfa, 8@
9c f 16: Rape. l%@2c tt>: Hemp, 4c "$ lb.
DRIED PEAS-$l 25(9»1 40 * ctl for Niles and
$1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The new Potatoes now coming In
are miserable trash being very small, dry and hard,
and dealers find it difficult to sell them, even at 1@
2i 2 c. Stockton Sweets. $1 50@l 76 1? ell; Merced
Sweets, $i.'(&2 9ft; Salinas Burbanks, 75(g.90: River
BurbHiik.s. 30@40c "i* sack; Oregon Burbanks, 50@
70c: Oregon Garnet Chiles. 70<&85c; River Reds,
50Cg,«0c ¥ ctl; Early Rose, 40@50c; petal 11 mas and
Tomales, 40(h.50c.
ON IONS— higher under light receipts. Good
to choice, sG(£j7sc %* ctl; Cut Onions, 26@40c; Ore
gon. 90c(di$l 16. . • • '.•"■-..
VEGETABLES — Arrivals were 609 boxes
I Asparagus and 497 boxes Rhubarb and 150 sacKS
1 Peas. .
Asparagus declined sharply and Rhubarb was
also easier. Peas were lower under larger stocks
and Los Angeles Peas were almost unsalable.
Egg Plant. »i tb; Mexican Tomatoes. $1 60
,@1 75 i* box; Cucumbers, $I@2 dozen; As
paragus, 3@sc 'j« It) for ordinary and bYg.N<: >» Ib
for extra; itbubarb, 60@85c "$ box; Mushrooms,
B@lsc %* Ib; Dried Peppers, 10@12Vac; Green
Peppers, ■ — — 1* Itj; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $I@l 75
"& box: Green Peas,' lV&@3c? !b for Los Angeles
and 3{g»4V:|C Ib for Hay; String Beans, ;
Dried Okra, 12y 3 c ; Cabbage. 40@50c^ctl; Garlic,
4@sc ~$ Ib; Marrowfat Squash, $40 ton.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— market is liberally stocked and
weak.
Ckkamery— Fancy, 18@19c; seconds, 17@17y a c
1?, lt>. •
! Dairy— Fancy, 16@16y 2 c Ib; good to choice,
i 15(g)15i/ 2 lower grades, 13@14c. •
I E ast kkk— Nominal. - .
." CHEESK-Fiincy mild new, H@llVaO »'»:
! common to good, 9@loc f« Ib: Cream Cheddar, I'2@
J I2V2C: Young America, ll@12c; Western, 12(g»
12Vsc: Eastern, 13@14c. . .
EGGS— NIne-tentus of the Eggs, whether ranch
or store, sell at lie, but the extremes areas quoted.
Store Eggs, 10(<5l0V2C: ranch Eggs, 10@12c fk doz,
latter figure, extreme for strictly choice. .
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Not much change yesterday.
Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 1301 4 c
ft Ib for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c; Geese, $
pfllr, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $6@7 "$ doz for old and
$7@B for young; Hens, $4@5 "fy doz; Roosters,
young, $6 50@7; do. old, $s 50@4; Fryers. $6®
6 50; Broilers, $5 50(gi6 for large and $4®5 for
email; Pigeons, $2 75(0(3 % doz,en for young and
$2@2 25 for old. ; .
GAME-Hare. $1; Rabbits. $1 25@1 60 for Cot
tontails and $1 '£, dozen for small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 "$ box for good to choice, 50
@85c for common to fair,' and $1 60@2 for fancy.'
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges are quotable at
75c@$l 25 f» -box for Seedlings: $1 5C@2 75
box for Navels and *2 25@2 60 for Malta Bloods:
frozen stock goes down to nothing; Lemons. $1®
1 60 for common and $2®2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes,. $4 50@6; California Limes. 75c
f» box: Bananas, $1 25(g(2 50 %». bunch; Pineapples,
$2@5 $ dozen. , ■.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC;
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: ■'.
Carload Lots— Apples, 2Va@3c ?t Ib for quar
tered, 3@3y a c i* lb for sliced and * 414 c. 1? lb for
[ evaporated: Peaches, 3^@4c 3 Ib and 6V2@6c for
j fancy -. peeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7Va®HV2<:
for mime to choice. 91/2 C for fancy and iO@llc
%* Ib for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2V»c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks: Pears.. 7c
Ib for evaporated halves, 4@6VaC «* Ib for quarters:
Prunes, 334@4c: Plums, 4c %* Ib for pitted and
I lVa@2V a c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@6c '£-. Ibfor
I prime to choice and 6 , 2 c for fancy. ••-.:'. '•■■-■■' -■-■'
Jobbing Prices— Apples. 4@4i/ 2 c; Peaches, 3@
j 4c and 5c for. fancy; peeled in boxes, 10@12V2c;
1 Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c Ib for 40@5o's
j and 5c for 60's: Apricots, 6@9i^c for prime to
i choice, 10@llc for fancy . Mooroark; '■ Figs, black,
1 2i / 4@2» / 4c : White Figs. f 3@sc ; Pears. 6V2C < for
I evaporated halves and b@sVic for quarters;
| Plums. 3>/ a @4c for pitted and ■.l®iy a c for unpit
ted ! Nectarines. 4@Sc S Ib for prime to choice.
.RAISINS AND- DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as 'fo lows," carload lots. f. o. " b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85(a)90c '# box: four-crown, loose,
3 'Vic ■ %i : Ib; : three-crown.' loose, 2 Vic '. Ib; two
crown, < 2c; seedless - Sultanas. -: 3 3 /4@4c ; . seedless
Muscatels. 2 @2S4c: three-crown London layers.
' 70c; clusters, $1 36c*l 60; Dehesa clusters, $2 10
(ai-J25: : Imperial clusters, . $2 60@2 75 ; Dried
Grapes, 2 Vicii Ib.. • ' - ?■"-- • ' ; -•- v
Jobbing Prices — Four-crown ; loose, 3c; ■3
crown, 2i/4@2i/ 3 c: 2-crown, is,4@2c- Seedless Snl-
Unus, 3^i^4c; Seedless Muscatels, 2V 3 e; 3- crown
London layers, 85c@*l: clusters, 81 40@l 50;
Dehesa clu:ters. $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, 2Vic. ■■ v.i-'
NUTS-Chestnuts, 6@Bc H Ib; Walnuts, 7@Bc
Tfr Ib for No. 1 hard and lttaPVgfi" lßo " Bll6l1 ' Jobbtnir
lots; Almonds, 6@7Va or Languedoc and B V?@
10c for paper-shell, lobbing; Peanuts, '. 6@6c for
Eastern and 3i/,(a4i' 2 c for California; Hickory
Nuts. 6@6c; Pecans, «c for rough and 8-* for pol
ished; lberts, B@9c; Brasii Nuts. 7Vb@Bc^ lb;
Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 ? 100. ; ' ;^.X'^'^'T"
HONEY-Comb" Is quotable at 10@12c $ Ib for
bright and B®9c a tb for lower grades; water
white extracted, sffi6Vac $ Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4i4@43ic:d~Hrk amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX-24(527c 1« Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6V2C *<>' heavy, 71/2^?*
Ib for light medium, 91/2 Clb for light, 10Va c * or
extra light and 121/2 C for sugar-cured;' Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams lli/j@l2c; ■■■ California Hams.
lOWgillt ; Mess Beef, *8 "# bbl: extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. $10; extra prime Pork, $9 1* bbl;
extra clear, Sib » bbl: mess, $14 1* bbl; Smoked
Beef. 10@10Vsjc V> Ib. .^
LARD-Eastern, tierces, is quotable at 6V 2 c "&
Ib for compound and 8c for pure; pails, BV2P; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6J/ a c for pure;
half-bbls, 6»4c; 10- Ib tins, 7Va«5; do 5-lb, 734 c¥* &■
COTTOLEN E— 7Vic in tierces and 80 1* lb in 10
--lb tins. ,
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS- circular of W. B.
Sunnier A Co. says: "Our Hide and Leather mar
ket continues very quiet and prices remain about
the same. Values, however, are somewhat weaker,
and the general outlook is not particularly encour
aging, r. Wet salted ■ Hides remain about the game,
but tanners are rather careful in buying and insist
on a close selection. Less than the usual quanti
ties of wet salted Hides are being received at pres
ent. The dry Hide market remains about the
same. Prices on dry Hides are based on values
obtainable ; in New York and Boston, and quite a
quantity of California dry Hides are now on hand
in the Eastern markets, the price obtainable there
being about 14c. Dry Kips are very dull and rule
at 2 or 3c %i ib less than dry Hides. Wool and
sheep skins rule at low figures, and pullers are not
Inclined to buy unless Sheepskins can be bought at
lower figures than before. Tallow is very quiet
and rules at very low figures. The Deerskin trade
continues nominal. The only, skins which . are
being bandied now are those ■ from the adjoining
States and foreign countries. Very good lines of
Deerskins can be bought In the East and at such
low figures that it virtually pays a tanner to im
port rather than to buy in this market. The future
prospect of the Hide and Leather market does not
appear to be encouraging, and it is very doubtful
if any advance in values can be made for some
little tlme."||Heavy sailed steers quotable at 7c:
culls and brands, 6c; medium. 6Va@6c; culls and
brands, 4Va®sc; light. sc; culls and brands, 4c;
Cowhides, 80 t* Ib; culls and brands, 4c; salted
Kip. 5c Ib: salted Calf, 8c ■ %*'■ lt>; salted Veal,
be; dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands, 7Vic;
dry Kip and Veal. 9c: culls, 6V2@7c; dry Calf,
16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?o@3sc each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer. 25®30c; medium, 15@
25c;' winter, 10c; sheepskins, shearlings, 10(6)
15c each; - short wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40
@50c each ; long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about Vie less. . , ■
TALLOW— Shipment of 200,000 lbs to Liver
pool. No. 1, rendered, 3i' 2 (*4c; No. 2, 3c; refined,
61/2(0.5340; Grease. 2i/»c "?* Ib. .
■ WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 9@llc Ib; San Joaquin and Southern, 3@
6c: Nevada. 9c # ft. • .
HOPS — Nominal quotations are 2@sc If* lb. Ship
ment of 76,736 lbs to Liverpool.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bugs, June-July delivery, !
$4 25; San Quentin. $4 20: Wool Bags, 24(£26c.
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 ¥ ton: New
Wellington. $8; Southtield Wellington, $7 50 $4
ton: Seattle, $5@5 50 ; Bryant. $5 50: Coos Bay,
$4 50; Wallsend, $6 60: scotch, $7 50: Bryrubo,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 50 In bulk and $15 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ■ ; Cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and *12 50 1? ton in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6c; Dry Granulated, 5s/ 8 c;
Confectioners' A, 5i. 4 c: Magnolia .A, 4»4c; Extra
C, 4%c: Golden C, 4V2: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes MC more.
SYRUP— Goioen, in bbls, 15c: Black Strap, 10c
* KHI.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers arc as follows :
BEEF— First quality, SiAc: second quality,
4V ? @sc: third do, 3i/>@4c $ lb.
Vti Air- Large, 6@oc: small, 6@7c 1* Ib.
'- MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6i/ a c; Ewes, &y 3 @6c
1?. lb. .
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 10c; yearlings, 7c %4 lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 414 c tor large and 4Vi@
4S /8 c for small; dressed do, s@t>i4c *$ lb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
, FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or. sks 15.551 Hay. tons. 400
Oregon 9,596 Wine, ga15......... 96.900
Wheat, ctls '. 57. Brandy, gals. .' 1,000
Barley, ctls 3,376 ! Butter, ct15........ 448
Corn. Nebrska.ctli 800 Cheese, ct15...;.... 214
Beans, 5ka......... 1,800 Eggs, doz 24,000
Potatoes. bKs. 1,274 Lime, bbls 240
Oregon 4,386 Wool, bi5.......... .4
Onions, sks 18.Lu mber. M f*t... 10 ,
Oregon.. 106 Quicksilver, flask* 180
Bran, ntcs. 955 Chicory, bb15...... 27
Oregon. . ;. 3, 355 Leather, r0115 ....... '."■ J '* Vi
Middlings, sIM. .. 380 Powder, cases..... 300
EEAL ESTATE TBANSAOTIONS.
William Hinkel to John Coop and James W.
Smith, lot on W line of Clayton street, 210 N of
Frederick, N 26 dv W 125: $10.
Andrew J. Weir to Margaret Weir, lot on N line
of Twenty-filth street, 75 W of Alabama, W 26 by
N 104: gift.
Hobert and Martha J. McKanna and Louis Land
ler (by I.ouis <<oldstono. commissioner) to Mntnias
Meyer, lot on S line of Eli7.al>eth street, 126:9 W of
Sanchez. \V 25:11 by S 114; $5101.
Albert and Clara Lindner (minors) by Elizabeth
Lindner fmiardinn), to. Edith Urmvn, undivldeii
2-14 of lot on X line of Dupont street, H7:6 B of
(Jreenwich, N 22. B 70, S J2, W 70; $400,
George E. and Emmeline L. Bates to Delia M.
Kraut, lot on E line of Texas street. 250 N of
Twenty-fifth street ( Yolo), N 50 b> E 100: $10.
Charles Kraut to same, same; gift.
John J. and Mary L. O'Kurrell to Minnie A
Pratt, lot «n NX lino of Francis street. 300 NW of
Mission. NW 26 by NX KlO, Academy Tract; $10.
William 11. Mendell to Carrie Mendell. lot 4,
block 267, South San Francisco Homestead and
RuilroHii Association; also lot on BW line of Trini
dad street, 100 SF. of Yazoo, SK 50 by SW 100;
also property in Alameda and Napa counties: gift.
Michael Lowry to Gertrude Lowry. lot on NE
line of Roanoke "street, 105 SE of Arlington, NE
113. SE to NW line of Southern Pacitic Rallwav,
SW 113. NW 30; gift.
Hugh and Mary Mnlholland, J. J. Raver, M. 11.
McCnrthy and 1". J. Cody (by B. B. Oliver, com
missioner), to Hibernla Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W line of Cheruhusco street, 359:4 N of
Cortland avenue, N 25:8 by W 140: $049.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to William
Byrnes, same; $656.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
James T. and Mnry E. Moran to Oakland Pre
serving Company, lot 38, block 442, Adeline and
Market street Homestead, Oakland; also lot 37,
block 442, same; wiso lot on E line of Linde.ii
street, 194 8W of Third, E 125 by 8 60, being lots
17 and 18. block 442, Adeline and Market street
Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Ellen Crystle to Patrick Shell, lot on E line of
Myrtle street, 173:1«4 s of Twenty-first, S sl> by E
125, being lots 25 and 26, block 615, Oakland;
410.
N. \V. Kpmitdlng et al. (by commissioner) to
Charles C. Rornls, lot on SW corner of East Twenty
fifth street and Nlneteenih avenue, s 140 by W
350, block 80, Northern Addition to Brooklyn,
East Oakland: $9362.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mar
garei K. Ramsell, lot 179 in plat 12, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township: $44.
Daniel McKiunon rt al. (by commissioner) to
Alaniorra Saving* Bank, lot on E line of Park
street, 038:4 S of San Jose avenue, S 50 by E 150:5.
being lot C. block 28, Alameda Park Homestead,
Aliimrda; $2953.
Mary C. Walsh to Harry C.Walsh and Mrs. V.
Reid, lot on sE corner rf Post street and Enclnal
avenue, E 50 by s 85:8, being lot 8, liirschfeld
Tract, Alameda; gift.
William P. Gibbons et al. (by commissioner) to
.Alameda Savings Bank, lot on E line of I'ark
avenue. 119:914 sof Central avenue, S 300 by E
193:4y 3 . being lots 34, 35. 36, Alameda Park, Ala
meria; also lot on NE line of Pearl street
and Encinal avenue, R 220, sK 169, SW 229, W
ltifl to beginning;. Alameda; $12,329.
George E. and Jennie T. Plummer and Charles
E. Wilson to M. J. Congdon, iot on E line of Mark
street, 160 N of Kearney avenue, N 40 by B 135,
Mock 1, property of John Kearney, Brooklyn;
Frank X. I)ickele to Susie T. Dickele, lot on S
line of Irving street, 100 EC of Baker, X 60 by S
100, being lots 28 and 29, map of plat 5 and por
ton of plat 6, Dohr Tract, Rerkeley ; gif .
David R. and Louise P. ThomHS to Hayward O.
Thomas, lot on W line of Orange avenue. 200 S of
Kast Twenty-seventh street, 8 50 Viy W 100, Deing
lot 24, b!ork 1, Blnsdel Tract, map 2, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Eugene Relrose to Freda Belrose. lot on NE line
of Grove and Second streets, N )00 by E 75, being
lots 1 to 4, block -ii, Oakland; gift.
Agnes .1. Potter to Georgv Koeth, lot on NW line
Of Eleventh and Alice streeis. W 100 by N 50,
block- lt;_\ Oakland, subject to a mortgage for
$aCO0; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
W. F. Whlttler with 0. B. Wells, hardware, floors,
borders, also Oregon-pine centers, on first floor of
building at northeast corner of Laguna mnd Jack
son streets: $1608.
Louis Frledlamler with W. H. and T. Klnread. to
erect a two-story frame building on south side of
Ellis street, 100 east of Devlsaaero: $3300.
« — * — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
. March. 1896.
IW.
4
!Th.
Vr.
3 |
7
/s*sl.ast
4/ i
10
12
iu
9
11
®Jf ew Moon.
W March 14
I
16 j
Jl7
16
—
/^f\Flrst Qua
sj) March
23
80
Full Mm
\£/ March
! OCEAN STKAMEKs.
n»te» of nepitrture San *>nnri»co.
MBB. | DKHTIN-ATION- |
SAILH.
PIKR.
et i»«ui i
Coos 8ay.... I
Corona j
Bttkio of Cai ;
Chine........ !
P0m0na.....
Dmaillla. ...
aranon....
Knreka .....
Ganta Kohl. i
Del IVorte .'.
City Sydney
We«ott..;.,.
4.MMT0. ......
Queen. .;.... )
Empire......
m!!? 0 "— — M chl2. 9am 1-ietU
i Mexic0........ Mchl2.loAM ! Pier 11
«» n "'«»-... M,hi4.l1 A M PierU
•Portland Mch 14.10am Pier
China* Japn Men 1 4, 3pm pi£S 8
HuiDbol<Ußa» Menu. Pier 9
Vlc I'gt Bnd Mchls. 9am Pier
Jaouln»B»y.. iMchI6,IOAM Pier
•"• w ?° rt Mchlfi. Uam ! Pier 11
; s * nD 'e?o MchlB.lUM PierlL
jOraysHwDor. MchlB
Panama....... Mchl«,l'j" M p'msS
Eel Kiver..... MchlB. 9am Pier 13
c00f1uay...... MchlB.loAM Pier 13
STK^aiKUS TO ARKIVt.
Stkamkr I
<""«"» ....
Alameda........
San Benito...... j
South Coast i
Pomona......... I
Crescent City... j
Eureka....'...... |
Farallon... ;..'...
Areata.......... !
Wellington '
Weeott........... :
Empire.:;,'.;.;..
Del Norte....... I
City of Pueoia..
Queen .'.......... !
Araeo. ......... . j
Mackinaw ...... i
Santa Kosa......
Del Norte.. ■
City of Sydney.!
Sunol... ......... '
North Fore... !
BtPaut..........
Peru -...; !
Alice Blanchard !
State of Cal.:..'.'
I San Diego
Sydney... " '."'."'.*
I lacoma .""""
! Portland . . . . ...""-*"
Humboldt Bay...."|.'J.'.'
I Crescent '...,'.. '."'.
| Newport.. ........... """.
' Yaoulna Bay...... ...""'
j Coos Bay...... .........
Departure Bay........"."
Eei River "
Portland .'.:.: '.'..!'.'.'.'.
Craya Harbor
I Victoria it Puget Sound
Portland..-.
Coos Bay ...... .......J.'.'
! Tacoma...... ...... ......
; San Diego .'.............
rays Haroor. .... . . .....
Panama .".....
| Grays Harbor -...'
; Humboldt Bay
I Newport.
China and Japan
j Portland.. ...;..
i Portland
..Mch 12
..Mchl2
..Men 12
..Mch 12
..Mch 13
..Mch 14
..Men 14
..Mch 14
..Mch 14
..Mch 14
..Mch 15
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
...Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch IB
..Men 17
..Mchl7
..Mch 18
..Mch 18
..Mch 19
. Mch 21
! SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
V. 8. Coast and Okodktic Survey Tidel
Bulletin Published by Official v
ArTHOEITYOF the supkri stkn iikxt. j
Thursday, March 12.
Sunrises .....V. 6.24 1 Moon rises...... 5.27aic
Sun sees 6. 16, Moon 5et5.......
March- 1896.
Time
x h W
;Time
|h w
Time
ITw
Time
H W
12 4.40 1.8' 10.35 5.0 4.52-0.311.40' 4 7
13; 6.18 LCI 11.91 4.8! 6.29; 0.1i... L
S II \V i Fee: I L W| Feet H W Feet L W Feet
14; 0.02J 4.7 5.C2| 1.112,04! 4.5 5.55i 0 5
15: O.'2i\ 4.7 6.28 0.8 12.40i 4.2 6.19! O.S)
16 0.40J 4.7| 6.64, 0.5, 1.15; 4.0 6.45 1.3
17; 0.57 4.5, 7.30 O.S, 2.05 3.7i 7.11 1.7
18! 1.21| 4.8t 8.15i 0.1 1 3.05 3.4i 7.40 2.2
Note— ln the aDove exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, aud the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
I column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
I haml column scives the last tide of the day, except
when tbery are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts. .except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
be.ight, and then the number given is subtractlve
from the depth given by the chart*
HYDROGKAI'HIC BULLETIN.
Branch IlYnßonßAPinc Officß, U. 3. N. \\
Mkrchaxts* Exchanok. v
San Francisco, March 11, 189rt. )
The time ball on Telegraph Kill was dropped
exactly al noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120ih
meridian, or exactly at 8 R m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtkler,
Lieutenant V. S. N.. in charge.
sjkJirrixu 'intelligence.
Arrive*!.
WEDNESDAY, March 11.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, 84 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 43 hours; pass and indse, to
Good all, Perkins & Co.
Stnir Cleone, Miller, 17 hours from Fort Bragg ;
lumber, to Union Lumber Co.
Stmr t"matill;u Hunter. 64 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound; pass and mdse, to Ooodall, Per
kins it Co.
Bktn North Bend, Wallace, 8 days from Grays
Harbor: lumoer. to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 50 hours from
Albion; lumber, to Albion Lumber Co.
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, 26 hours from Albion:
lumber, to ,T S Kimball.
. SchrMnid of Orleans, Arf, 8 days from Grays
Harbor; 240 M ft lumber, to S E Slade Lumber
Co. .
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens Land-
Ing; ISO M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
.Schr Etta B, Madsen. 12 1 hours from Fort Boss;
butter, etc., to Ross <fc Hewlett.
Cleared. ,
WEDNESDAY, March 11.
Stmr St Paul, Duggan, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins * Co.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Hansen, Nanaimo; John i
I Rosen f eld's Sons.
Brshlp City of Madras, Griffiths, Cape Town; '
Catton. Bell <Jfc Co.
Whal bark Lydia, Jenks, whaling voyage; CJ j
Hendry's Son it Co. ■ :
Brig Cousuelo, Frlls, Mahnkona via Hilo; JD
Spreckels &. Bros Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, March 11.
Stmr Excelsior, Hip-gins, Seattle.
Slmr Weeott, Whitney, Eel River.
Stmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay. '
Br ship Strathdon, Phillips Jr. London.
Br ship Sierra Pedroja. Starkey, Antwerp.
Whal bark Lydia. Jenks. whaling.
Schr Glendale, Johnson, Seattle. ■' ',''- ':
Schr Coquelle. Pearson, Coquille Biver.
. Schr Transit, Jorgensen, Honolulu.
• Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— March 11-10 p Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 8 wiles.
«J»i»r «m.
'The schr R W Bartlett loads mdse for the Amoor '■
River: schr Esther Buhne, redwood at Eureka for '
Honolulu; bark Empire, lumber at Moody ville for
Sydney. 40s.
,-'£'. i. f''-.y:'fi. Spoken.
Feb 4— Lat 32 S, lone 49 W, Br ship Ditton, from
Swansea, fur San Francisco.
■ Nov 30— Lat 24 s, lone 120 \V, Br ship Lnom-ne,
hence Oct 21, for Queenstown.
No dote- Lat 60 N, long 3 W, Br ship Mlltlades.
hence Nov 18, for London.
Dec 11— Lat 54 S, lone 87 W, Br ship Rathdown,
from Portland, tor Liverpool. ;
Marl Lat 30 N. long 18 W. Brbark WUhelm
Tell, from Swansea, tor San Francisco.
• j Domestic Ports.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Mar 10— Schr W F
Jewett. hence Feb 22. - *
REDONDO-Salled Mar 11-Schr San Buena
ventura, for Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar 11— Schr Sailor Boy, for
San Diego. '. . . .
EUREKA — Arrived Mar 11— Stmr North Fork,
hence Feb 10: stmr Pomona, hence Feb 10.
NEWPORT— Arrived Mar 11— Stmr Westport.
from Eureka. '
PORT HA DLOCK— Arrived Mar 10-Bktn Re
triever, hence Keh 28.
GREENWOOD-Arrtved Mar 11— Stmr Green
wood, hence Feb 10. , -- ■ .
OLALLAM BAY— Sailed Mar 11— Br ship Gen
Gordon, for Sydney.
POUT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Mar 11-Ger bark
Rohiila, for Callao.
Arrived Mar 11— Schr C S. Holmes, from San
Pedro: schr Prosper, hence Feb 2». •
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Mar 11— Stmr Sunol,
hence Feb 7. ..
TaTOOSH— Passed Mar 11— Bark Matilda, from
Port Blakeley, for Honolulu: Br bark • Snaigow.
hence Fob 25. for Port Townsend; bark- Ceylon,
hence Mar 8, for Nanaimo. .
VENTURA— Arrived Mar 11-Schr Fanny Du
tard, from Port Blakeley.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Mar 11— Stmr Faral
lon. hence Mar 8. • ■ •
MENDOCINO-SalledMarll— Stmr Pofht Arena
for (tan Francisco. ■ - ■ • : ;
■ POKT GAMBLE— Sailed Mar 11— Sclir Bangor,
for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Mar 11— Stmr Arcata, hnc
Febß., •- ■ • ■ ■•• ■-■-.■■■. ■-,■,--.. ■
SAN DIEGO-Sailed Mar 11— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka, • • / ■ .
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Mar 11— Bark
Enoch Talhot. for San Francisco.
■ SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar 11— Schr Jessie
Minor, from Eureka. . • > ■
. sailed Mar 11— ~chr Salvator, for . Puget Sound:
schr Lucy, for New Whatcora: stmr Pasadena, for
Eureka
ASTORIA— Mar 11— Stmr Queen, hence
Mar 9; stmr Alice Blanchard, hence Mar 5.
_:- .Eastern Fort*.'
. NEW YORK— Sailed Mar Stmr Finance, for
Colon.
Foreign Ports.
CARDfFF-SaMed Mar 10-Br ship Errol, for
Esquimau; and not as previously reported; Br ship
Lyuerliorn, for Santa Rosalia.
FALMOUTH-Salled Mar 10— Br ship Whitlie
burn, for Fleetwood. . • • ■■■,-
--,/IAJN DON— Sailed Mar 10— Br ship Drumrock,
for Victoria. .
;■•■ ANTWERP— Arrived Mar 9— Br ship Auchen
calrn, from Portland. • \ . >.
BELFAST— Mar 9— Brshlp Merioneth,
hence Oct 23. '
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Mar , 10— ship Tas
mania, from Portland. ":=;KB^isss*>i£^' ' -
■ QUEENSTOWN-sailed Mar 10— ship Lfs
more, for Dublin; ±sr ship Earl 'of Zetland, from
Portland: Br ship Swanhllda, hence Nov 12. v
•v; PLY MOUTH- Arrived Mar 10— Br bark Andro
meda, from Oregon. - ,
ACAPULCO-Salled Mar 10— Stmr City of Syd
ney, for San Francisco. .■:."•'..
Movement! of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
: : NEW. YORK— Sailed Mar 7— Stmr Majestic, for
Liverpool; stmr St Louis, for Southampton; stmrs
Frlesland and Kensington, for Antwerp.
--• GENOA— Sailed Mar 11— Stmr Normannia, for
New York. ? ; -■■;■-.-■.•.■■•■■■.■;..-;■ .-"
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Mar 11— Stmrs
i.i\!m and New York.. : •::.;;.- -.
' Sailed Mar 11— Stmr Havel, for New York.
HA VRE— Arrived out Mar 10— Stmr La Boar
gogne. : v ■.> .;■'.-■ V:-".v j " ;■/:■;.-, ■:.■■■..-,■.. ■: -., ,;
■■- ROTTERDAM-Sailed Mar 11-Stmr Maasdam,
for New York. :-• ■
GIBRALTAR— Passed Mar 11-Btmr California,
from Mediterranean ports. '■ .'---. ;■• ■ ■ .: -..-,
':< PBAVVLE POlNT— Passed Mar j 11— Stmr Wei
mar, from New York, for Bremen. .
''.:.' .. T' ■-■', 1 ■ ' importation*. - - -;■ :' ,■■.. ■ .
PORTLAND— Per state of California— lß76 qr
sks 2630 hf-sKs 820 sks flour, 3336 sits bran, 4376
ska potatoes, 100 sits onions, 629 bide* ana pells,
21,537 ft lumber. 328 pkgs crackers, 849 pkgs
paper. 2052 pkgs matting.
Astoria— l64 sks oysters, 2307 bdls shooks, 3
pkcs press. Vftggffi^ggfti^jEiiMtgtv ■ • •
• • VICTORIA— Per Umatilla— 36 cs curios, 6 pkgs
marble, 10 is oil, 226 Mis hides and skins, .7 bdls
wire, 1 bx tools. 1 sk coin. ■
Port Townsend-1 cs shoes, 121 pkgs hides, 1 bdl
skins. 1 sfc coin. ,
■■■. Killsnoo— 4oo bblscil.
Seattle via G N;R R-25 kegs rivets, 800 sks
flour, 245 sks wheat, '2 pkgs mdse. . , ■
Seattle— 6 pkgs mdse, 865 blls hides, 2 bbls oil, 5
bxs apples, '•! cs dry goods. IS sks wooden plugs, 4
bxs fish, 'i sks coin, 25 sks bones. 200 os salmon,
12 cs patent medicine, 1 cs clothing, 4 bxs extracts,
1 lot household furniture. 1 bx books, 2 bxs hard
ware. 29 pkgs junk, 39 pkgs mill work, 1 bdl saws,
4 cs eggs. 4 sks clams, 2 crts bicycles, 1 bx cos
tumes, 3 bxs typewriters.
Tacoma— 29 pkcs mdse,' 2 bxs S presses, 1 roll
rubber belting, 135 bxs \V C seats, 1 bx stamped
ware. . . .■
Tacoma west or Fargo— 93B sks flour, 500 sks
flax, 50 bdl3 bides, 733 bdls hoops, 1484 sks wheat, '
2 pkgs mdse, 1 crt wheels, 2 cs shoes.
New What com— 3B6 pcs lumber, 1 cs shoes. 1 bx
books, 1 bx dry goods, 1 pkg pants, 17 bbls salmon,
1 sk coin.
•: Everett— l6oo bars bullion, 668 bdls 430 rolls
paper. . ; , •
Departure Bay— lool tons coal.
Kast via C I' X X -A pkgs mdse, 75 crts wheels,
480 cs baby food, 2 cs names, 110 cs tobacco, ' 1243
bdls hides, 1 cs medicines.'
Oonsljnoo*.
Per State of California— Allen A Lewis: D .1 Rus
sell; J 1' Thomas; Moore, Ferguson it Co; Crown
Paper Co; V Hillens & Co; Otis. .McAllister * Co; G
E Sheldon; .Murray it S-emhaucn : El! Scott: I> .1
Kussell; Wolf <fe Son; Geo Morrow A Co: Portland
Cracker Co; McDonoush «fc Kunvon; 11 Dotard; M
D Con way: Darbeedi liujuel: organ Oyster Co;
Willamette Pulp & Paper Co; Fosarty & Parker;
■ W c Price & Co: M E A Wagner: Clatsop Mill Co;
Wells, Fargo & Co; Bissinge"r& Co; ! W A Dwight;
Dalton Bros: Multnomah Fruit Union- X C Ward;
AS Smith.
Per Umatilla— Carbonic Acid Gas Co; Jacob
Smith: L D Stone* Co: Redington & Co; Wake
fleld Rattan Co; Lynde it Hough; Blssinger&Co;
American Tobacco Co; LangW <& Michaels; Bel
lini-ham Bay Imp Co: Cahn, N'ickelsounj «fc Co; B
X Bodger; Oregon Imp Co; Brown Bros & Co: W J
Miller: American Biscuit Co: C X Whitney <fc Co:
Wells, Fargo it Co: Selby Smelting an l Lead Co;
otauffer Chemical Works: \Vic!™nd Brewing Co; P
» Beesinger; W G Richardson; Boston Woven
Hose and RnbDer Co; Sachs Bros: C J Leist it Co;
California Barrel- Co; Adams Bros; Italian-Swiss
Agricultural Colony: J P Thomas; J C Bauer <£•
Co: Moore, Ferguson & Co; CD Bunker A Co: P P
Bernhard it Co; Crane & Co; AMMcPeters; ET
Allen 4: Co; Chas Harley & Co: Hawley Bros; G G
v\ Ickson it Co; F R Cutting: Lievre, Fricko <£ Co:
O S Potter & Co: Goldstein & Co: J J Newbergin ;
J W Garret & Co: J G Xagle; Mandel. Pursch it
Werner: Mack it Co; J X Armsbv it Co: Pacific
Bone & Fertilizer Co: W B Sumner it Co; Royal
Milling Co: Allen & Lewis; BchwabaehCT Bros; W
G Jlinton: W.T Garrett it Co; S> P Taylor A Co: C
Solomon; H W Hig?lns A Co: Royal Milling Co;
Dunham, Carrigan A Co: Mount Shasta Mineral i
Water Co; Coburn, Tevis A Co; M Bubauick.
g^^, OFFICE FURNITURE
gfijteannrff} AND FIXTURES.
||- : §B»|j c - F. weber & CO.,
1^ i'nn to 30K Post St.. cor. Stockton
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COM]
CUT RATES
— TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class ......dB.OO
Second Class .^SOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — Sew Montgomery Street.
GOOD ALL, PKKKINS A CO.,
General Agent*.
o. R.jdfe ixr.
ASTORIA AM PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5ai15...... ........March 9 and 19
biateof California satis... ....March 14 and 24
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) a: 10 a. X.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
■.?;. :,;i-.^-:y.- F. F. CON»OR, General Agent,
___ 630 -Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM >wa
Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as XsS&X.
] IoIIowr:
For Mary Island. Loring. Wrani»el, Junean. Kil- -
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), a: » a. m., March 15, 30,
April 14. 29. . .
For Victoria and Vancouver (R. C), Port Town-
. send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellinguam Bay, Wash.), 9 a. if.
March .5. 10. 15, 10, "25, SO, and every fifth
day thereafter, .connecting at Vancouver with
the C. 11.l 1 . It. K., at, Tacoraa with X. P. R. K., j
at Seattle with G. X. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers. . ■
For Kureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, i p. M., March -'. 6, 10, !
14. 18. 22, 26, 30, and every fonrth day thereafter. ',
For Santa Crur, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco.*, j
i Port llarford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa i
Barbara, Ventura, iluenemp, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. March
4. ». 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every lourth day
! thereafter. ■
* For San Die.TO, . stopping only at Port Harfor 1 :
i (Pan Luis Obispo),' Santa Barbara, Port Lo» '■
j Angeles, Kedoudo (LO3 Angeles) and Newport, 11 j
I a. m:, March 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 2% 26, 30, and j
| every fourth day thereafter. ■ .
' For Knsenada, San Jose • del Cabo, Mazatlan, La r
Paz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam- '
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 Xew Montgomery
■treet.
UOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., GenT Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco. _
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
j—^*BW^ fc . Cool<:ardie gold fields
(Freemantle). Austra-
JSr^ Ho ii©' ' lia: ? '-" J0 iirs ' J class;
MW<y H^Nai ill IT* $110 steerage. Lowes!
MfW t ' rates to Capetown,
MoYjlj^^ r ' P>^^!b, south Africa.
WSftf ]!r\i» V^^ Australian steamer,
■Kf[ • TV •^j^^^BijEMi Honolulu »nd Auck-
lh>J&r(j^lM& land tor .--yil in- .-, I'lmrs-
VKGMbvr^nn— -^^V Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, I'utv-i-
Spkciai, Paktiks.— Reduced rates for parties '
AorilT. ■ -
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRKCKELS & BUOS. CO., ,;
. - • General Agents.
COIPAGIIE GENERAL TILAI SITLASTIf UE |
French Line to Havre.
/"COMPANY'S PIER (XE\V),42XORTH >&*«_
V i River, fool of Morton st. Travelers by xsSSa!
this line avoid both transit oy English railway a.i>l ]
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small j
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class 60: second-class, $116.
LA'BRETAGNE.Capt.Rupe....... •
....... ;. J ...'.\. :.'.........:. ......March 21, 5 a. m
LA BOURGOGXE, Capt. Leboeuf.. ......:
..March 28, 10 a. m
LA NORMANDiK, Capt. De10nc1e....... .„
.:.."... ...... '.■.:.......... — April 4, 5 A. if
LATOURAIXE, (apt. 5ante111......
April 9
M3T For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
- . No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. - • -. •
HAMBPRfrAMERICAI IM
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
<= ralP'iaE; ; Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), ChTboursr, Paris & Hamburg.
Normannia March 26 I A Victoria. .....April '28 J
F. Bismarck. .l... April 9 | C01umbia....... May 7 j
I. Cabin, .?60 and upward; 11. Cabin,' $15 and $50.
1 PLYMOUTH-LONDON*. 4y 2 h.. free of I charge,
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS, 6y 2 h.
--' For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
LINK, 37 Broadway, N. Y., or to Local Agents. ■
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACIET COMPACT.
STEAMERS ; LEAVE ASPIN WALL jJrtß
fortnightly for the West Indies and j
Southampton, -i calling en, route at - C'Tbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
■Through bills of lading; In connection «'lth th«
Pacific Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
■re to direct ports in England and Germany.
--•■ Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195; thlH
HHk 997 ML For further particulars apply to
VABKOTT & CO.,Agentß,
'-:' 306 California tt.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St,
=:;VvAt 5 P. M: Dally, Except Sunil»jr,
43" Accommodations Reserved by T»l»i<iion»
■ ■-.-■;■ STKABIEK : ..-.■.■. ■;■- ,
T. C. Walker. < ; .T. D. IX or*.
Mary Garratt. . City of .Stockton.
. Telephone Main 808. ■ Cat Niv. kii.i Imp: v v>
fALLEJO, MARE ISLIHD. 'lIKUdI, PORT
COSTA A\D CRiHIKTT.
: STB. BIONTICELLO.
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— low A. u.
' .'^ .and 1 P.it; Saturday, 12:30 nooot
'•■,;••-. ' Sunday —B p. X. >■?- .
•i E. m. only. . . -
' Landing. Miasluu 1, Pi«r 4.
BIG REDUCTION : Ii\ T RATES BY RAIL
'"'-■"•■..'.'.TO : ■ _^_ <^
PORTIjAND, OH-
SATURDAY... .." MARCH 14,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferrv landing, foot
vvi a; .• -^ of Market St., at 8:00 p. m.
Ar* fl a— Including .Benn. in Pullman Tourist
55,00 sleeper.
WW ....ALSO...
First-class tickets, Including berth In (")•<><»
Pullman Standard Sleeper, tiP- LV/ — ■
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa»-
-! aengers at Intermediate stations, nor will ticlces3 bs
i sold or baggage checked to such points.
£g- Through Tickets for -' IMifjet Sound
points on Sale at Keduceil Hates. '
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, •■ • , T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Trailic Mgr. Gen. Pass. A iff
•OVTBHBIf pacific COMPACT.
(PACIFIC BTSTSK.I ti
Train* leave xhil lire <lu« to mi il* mi
NAN II(AN(1K(O.
leavk — From Xovf.mvxp. 20, 1305. — arritj
~6T30a Hay^arda, Nilc3asd Way Stations.. 1O:I5a
7:«Oa Atlantic I'.xprcss, Ogileu and Last.. B:*>»r
7:OOa Benida, Vacavillo. Kurr.sey. Sacra-
-1 mento, and Redding via Davi3.:.. 7:13P
7:30 a Martinez, ban Ramon, N&pa, Calis-
. , toga anil Santa Rosa 8:13»
B:*«ANilo3, San Job?, Stockton, lone.
■ Sacramento, Marysville. I'd Muff '
mid Sundays cxceptedOrovillc.... 4:IBp
•8:30a Peters ami Milton •7:l»p
9:00a San Leandro, Hay ward* A Way St'ns 1 1 :43a
• :««a Los Ar.Rclcs Express, Raymond,
(for Yosemitc), Santa llar'oara
, - and Los Aiißeles ' 4«4HF
9:00a Martinez and Stockton 10:45 A
10:OOa San Leacuro, Kaywards and Niiss.. 1:43p
lii-.OOit San Leandro, Hay wards * Way St'ns 2:4"#
l:UOp Kites, San .lr.se and Livermoro...... 8:45*
•l:OOp Sacramento River Stenmcrs... «»:00p-
t !::{;»[■ Port Costa and Way Stations -t~:4sp
3:00p San Leandro, Haywards V.'ay Ht'iu 5:4Sp
4:o«i> San Leandro, Ilayward3 L Way St'r.a oi4sp
4:00r Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, .
Napa, Calistoga, L'l Vetatio and
Santa Kosa ."..". 1 • A
4sMjr Benleia, Esparto, Woodland, •
N Knights LaiuUne, Jlarysville,
. : ' Orovlllo and Sacramento I*i4S*.
4<Bop Kites, San Jo3<;, Livermoro and
Stncltton 7:13P
S:*Op San Leaudrc, Haywardfi & Way St'ns 8:4»»
8:S«r New Orleans J;»i>iesa,l'"reMio.Bakcrs-
fieM, Santa Uaibnra, Los Aii[fel'>3,
" Deming, El Paso, Xew Orleans and
East.. I«i49a
8:30f Santa To Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo ami East IO:4S*
6:00 p Roropeaa Mail, Ogileu and JCast.... O: is a
' O:OOi> Hay wards, Kilts and San .lone 7:45*
J7:oOi- Vallejo. 1.. < 7 : 1 ."»
7:0Op Oregou Kxprosa, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Redding, Portland. Pnget ;
Sound ami East 10:4.1*
7:OOp San Leandro, Hajwardsfc Way St'ns 1O:5O»
9:OOp San Leandro, Hay wards& Way Sfns ttI2:MA
"Sunset LUulted," Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Psso. New Orleans ■■'• - -
anaEazt.... §r»43»
ftllllSr Bar. T.pan'lro. Hay vrar&s A V.'ay Sfns 7:18.1
SANTA CTRUZ DIVISION (y.trrow Gamrf).
I 8:13a Nevrark.Ceiiterville.Siin.loso.Feltoii,
Creek, Santa Cruz and Woy
5tati0n5.................. ■"> s©»
| •8:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Aliiiadcn, Fclton, Uoulder Cr; ek,
Santa Cruz ami Principal Way
Stations ...*1 1:2Oa
4:l3t> Newark. San .l"Be and Los Catos.... W:3oa
411:45p Hunters' recursion. Ben Jose and
WayStations.......... t7;2«p
COAST M VISION (Third A Towiiscnil Sis.)
6:45a San Jom ami Way BbUloiM (Hew .
Almaden Wednesdays onlj) 1:43*
•il3a.S«ii Jom, Ties l'lins, Rauta Cruz,
"acilic Orove, Paso Roble?, Sau
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupeand Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03f
IO:4Oa Bail and Was Stations..-.. ..7.. s:«>op
11:4.3 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations UroOl
*2:30p Han Jose, Gilroy, Tres l'iuoa, Santa
■ .-' V . Cruz, Salinas, Monterey ami Pacitio
UroTB »1O:1Oa
*B>Bop San Jose andPrincipal Way Stations 1>: 17a
•I:3OfSan Joao ami Way Stations..: •M:OGa
s*3Or .San .Tose ami Way Slations *8:1Sa
«:::<»!• San Jose and Way Stations «:35a
j t11:43p .Sr.i) Jose iiml Wny Statioiiß.... -fTt-JS*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i From FRaSCISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8) —
•7:1« ; 9:00 11:00a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:M
•1:03 JS:CO '6::Op.M.
horn O&KUKD— Footorßroadw*/ : 00 8:00
10:00a.M. U2:CO '1:00 ?S:00 *3:CO Jl:08
«S:OGr.n. ■ ■ •■■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excu'teii 1 Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
fi Monday, Thursday and Sn'.nrrlay nights only.
TCuestfaj a and Saturdays (Sundays auu Tbaxtdaj%
SMFRASCISCO & PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of .Market -
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O. 9:20, 11:00 A.lt.; 12:35
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. lays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
60NDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:80. 3:3a
6:00, B :20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Franclfico.
| WEEK DAYS— 6.2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a. if
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip*
at 1:55 P. M. and 6:'!5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam«
schedule as above.
Leave Tn pfTppt Arrive
Kan Francisco. oct ; 28. Ban Franc
Week I Sun- Ile , Itin)iVion1 t i n ) iVi on 6ux- I Wim"
; Days. I days. | destination. SAYS j Dayßj
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 am
3:30 I'M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 FM; 8:15 pm
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 AM
HenldsWnri;,
. . - Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Clbverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pieta,
IPieta, <fc ■ ■-^','
111 .: ■: Ivt
7:40 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 am 10:30 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm j
8:30 pm j 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 PM 5:00 pm' and { 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
'. ] ;■: : j Glen Ellen. | • |j •.
7:40 am 8:00 s . bastono 110:40 am 10:30 am
3:3opml6:oOpm[ bct>astopol - i 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Staffs connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stapes connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stasres connect at Pieta for Highland Spring*
K»lseyvillp, Lakeport. •
Stages connect at Uklah for Vlc&y Springs, - Bine
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willeits, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, -Harris, Scotia
and Eureka, v . . . . .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced .
rates. -■ - ■ ■■■ -.-.-.■ <■ . ■■
: On Sundays round-trip tickets t* all points a*-
: yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Otliops,6so Market St., Chronicle hinldinj,
H. C. WHITING. R. X.RYAN,
' Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass- Agent. _
Atlantic
Pacific a^itfliiin
RAILROAD Tv^T-Si^^lg
Trains leave from and arrive 4»^:*j?3 r ps.'^J-jfys^P
at Market-Street Perry. \£>r^' H^oUT^l
SANTA PE EXPRHbS
To Chicago via A. & p - ire c* ,V 1 «
Leaves every day at 8:30 P. *.; carry ln^ Pul maa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to
via Kansas City without change. Annex car* fef
Denver and St. Louis. _ cr ,
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, !?" ll r ,, D ' n J"^ r c * 1^
under Harvey s management. ( - on "f« in J trains
leave San Francisco nt 9a. m. and ?,! 3 ° p. m^ daily .
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: f Interesting sceneryi
j and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dinlap
•*"! iick«t Office-644 Market Street,
. Chroaiolo Builulns.
HORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
Frum San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
WEKKDAYS.
For Mill V»ll»v nnd San Rafael— 915, 11:00
a.m.; 1-.45, 3:45,6:15, 6:80 p.m. ,*.
(<nii lOurniiti .' 9:16 A. M. : 1:46, 6:15 P. m.
Kvu-> .vii's tor San : Kat;<el . on Mondays, \Veducs>
OKJ'S and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
■'..:-. ■=• SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San \ Rafael and San Quentin—
9:00, 10:00, 11:30 A.M.; 1:30, 3:00, «6 '11
p. M. *i)o«*» not run to San Quentin.
THROUGH
I'.HO A.M. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
1 (45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
• ;00 a. M. Sundays-Point Keves ana way station*
Weak Men andWomen
SHOULD USE DAMIAS A BITTKKS Tim
great Mexican Remedy; gi Vea Untkii'tx »n!i
(Buengtli to the Sexual Organ* ««"»"» •**Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
IN TWO SNOWY HEARSES
Covered With Flowers the Trol
ley-Car's Little Victims Are
Laid Away.
PASSED BY TEE FATAL CAR.
Thousands of Women and Children
f
Weep Over the Two Prttty
White Coffins.
Oakland Office Sax .Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, March 11. j
West Oakland has never before seen
such an object lesson demonstrating: the
immediate need of adequate car guards as
was witnessed this afternoon.
in the home of Mr. and Mrs. Frank E.
Booth were two little white coffins, each
reposing in a bed of flowers sent by sym
pathetic friends and neighbors. In either
coffin was one of the two only daughters
of the Booths. The work of the cruel car
. wheels was visible on the little, angelic
faces, and as the immense throne passed
through the parlors hardly a dry eye could
-be seen leaving the solemn spectacle.
There were innumerable floral crosses,
crowns, pillows, baskets and bouquets. A
large piece representing the gates ajar
was set above the others. Scores of little
tots with whom the deceased children had
played brought their floral tributes of a
lew roses or early pinks and laid them
against the coffins, with tear-stained faces.
The house was rilled with sympathetic
friends, while the yard and street were
lined with those who could not gain an
entrance. At the curb stood two white
hearses, each with a team of white horses, j
and those whose, bouquets could not be
taken into the house deposited them on
the hearses.
As the little caskets were carried out of
the home that had been so fearfully de
vastated, hundreds of the onlookers burst
into tears. A short funeral service was
conducted by Rev. F. J. Mynard of St.
John's Episcopal Church. A hymn sung
by friends, a brief prayer and a few words
of comfort to the bereaved parents and of
exhortation to the visitors concluded the
ceremonies.
During the service the death-dealing
car, No. 12, that had stricken down the two
little girls passed the house of mourning
twice. The idea was freely expressed that
the superintendent of the line might have
ordered a suspension of the cars for the
few minutes that were occupied with the
services.
The pall-bearers for Ida Emily, aged 6,
were J. P. Heller, b. C. Hawer* H. Clark
and Captain Matthews. Katie Anna's j
white coffin was carried out by Paul
Dorey, Judah Newman, Simon Matthews
and Jay Dewing. These gentlemen are all
business associates of Mr. Booth. The in
terment was at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HIS STATEMENT DENIED.
The Car Must Have Been Going More
Thau Four Miles an Hour.
The statement of Motorman John Mc-
Lean that the car when it killed the little
girls was only going four miles an hour is
disc.edited by many practical motormen.
In McLean's signed statement is the fol- I
lowing paragraph: "It is our custom to
run about eight miles an hour. Going at
that speed I calculate that I canaoply the
brakes rind come to a standstill in about
sixty i/jt't. Using the reverse current with
the urines I can scop my car in half the
distanci\ My time-table gives me thirty
seven and a half minutes to make the
round trip from Thirteenth and Franklin
streets to Seventh and Pine streets. Last
night on the 6 o'clock trip, when the acci
dent occurred, we were running easy and
were on time. As we crossed Adeline
street we were running at half-speed, or
four miles an hour."
It is said by all experienced in such mat
ters that a car going at only four miles an !
hour could be stopped almost instantly by
reversing the current. McLean says he
stopped within fifteen feet and yet one of
the girls was under the rear trucks, which
• is about twenty-seven feet from the front
of the car, when it was broughc to a
standstill. These matters will be fully in
vestigated at the inquest to-morrow night.
"There is a mistaken idea abroad that"
our cars have no fenders," said Superin- j
tendent A. K. Grim of the OaKland Con
solidated electric road to-day. "The ordi
nance passed by the Council has been ac
cepted by every road in the city and fen
ders were placed on the cars at once. Each
one has the right to use the fender they
believe to be the best. No guatd or fender
baa yet been invented that will pick peo
ple up and carry them from harm if they
walk or fall in front of a moving car.
There are hundreds of devices, but they
all fail when the test comes.
"Just at present many say the Clark
guard used on the Alameda line is perfect.
It. is not, however. It may save a life once
in a while ; so will the fenders on our cars !
or those of any other line. We have a!
board in front of the truck, some straight .
across and others in V shape. If a person j
is seen in time for the speed of the car to i
be reduced it should roll them out of the '
way and keep them from going under the \
trucks, but it does not always do it, nor j
will any other device yet invented. If the '
Council asks us to use a certain guard we '
will do it, but there is no reason lor chang- i
ing as long as we have one as good as any
in use until one is officially accepted by
the Council."
AS OPIUM COOKERY.
Capture of Two Chiiianiou and Their
Outfit.
OAKLAND, Cat,., March 11.— The rev
enue officers have been satisfied for some
time past that there has been an illicit re
finery of crude opium situated somewhere
in the vicinity of Fruitvale. The arrests ;
of numerous Chinamen by Deputy Sheriff j
Quintan with unstamped opium in their i
possession has oniy confirmed these sus- j
picions. All efforts to locate the plant, i
however, has failed.
When word was sent to the Sheriffs I
office yesterday that Chinamen 'had been j
seen at "j Bay barm Island who evidently
v.-ere engaged in cooking opium it was be
-1 eyed the plant had at last been located.
The revenue officers were notified, and last
evening William Craven, a deputy col- i
lector of revenue, went to the scene of
operations. He overhauled two Chinamen
on the bridge Leading to Lay Farm Island,
who had a quantity of unstamped opium '
with them and some appliances for cook
ing the crude opuini. They were taken
ii.to custody and the outfit: and opium
seized! _
The prisoners were taken to the County
. ail, wiitr.' they were booked shortly before
2 o'clock this morning as Charlie Mo ■■■
and Wong I bin* Wa. They were unpre
' possessing specimens of the lower caste
linen, and one hud lout his queue, in :
ii tating to the officers that be was an ex
cunvict. A thorough search of the island
is being made to nnd, if possible, where
the plant is located.
UAK'n>-i!KOiJWKM-.
The Wedflins of Weil-Known Young
Society P«opl«.
OAKLAND, "CaI., March 11.— The nup
tials of Miss Louisa C. Bromweli and
Shelby F. Martin this evening, at the resi
dence of tne v bride's parents, was the
society event of the week. The home was
a veritable fairy bower, the predominating
colors t ■.<.'.'. pink and white, although
buiilax, palms and other choice flowers
were used in abundance. Rev. Robert
Kitchie officiated at the ceremony, which
took pkue in the library bay-window
under a floral wedding bell of pink and
white flowers.
The bride was attended by her two
cousins as maids of honor, Miss Lou Wil
liams of Scranton, I'enn., and Miss Ger
trude Allen, who were in costumes of white
tulle. The bridesmaid, Miss Clara Con
verse, another cousin, was attired in pink
and white.
The groom was attended by Thomas Ar
neal. Following the ceremony an
elaborate banquet was served in the dining
room, which was decorated with pink and
white. A striking feature in this room
were three Moral weddiny-bells suspended
over the table.
The bride is the only daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. L. Bromwell of Ninth and Madi
son streets, ami has been a favorite in local
social circles. Ttie groom is the son of ex-
Mayor J. West Martin, president of the
Union Savings Bank, in which institution
he occupies a responsible position.
FIVK MILLION DOLLARS.
Said to Be Behind the Recently Organ
ized Alaskan Venture.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— While all
those in authority in the Alaskan expedi
tion that left last night still retain secrecy
regarding their plans and movements it
has been learned on what appears to be
reliable authority . that the company is
formed with a capital stock of $5,000,000,
and it is asserted that, of this amount two
thirds is paid up and half of the cash is in
the OaKiand and San Francisco banks.
Among the men on the steamer are com
petent miners, blacksmiths, carpenters,
laborers and executive staff. The steamer
goes equipped with ten giant i ydraulic
nozzles and 10,000 feet of piping. Over fifty
tons of provisions and blankets are on
board. At Tacoma a quarter of a million
feet of lumber will be taken on to be used
in constructing sluices and the necessary
buildings. Forty horses form an import
ant part of the" cargo. These are. safely
encased in "sea stalls" on the upper deck.
When the lumber is taken on, however, it
is expected the animals will have to be
moved below.
The cargo is estimated to be worth $75,
--000, all of which has been purchased of
Oakland and Ban Francisco firms. It is
said the salary and expenses will run up
to $7500 a montn.
The Colored Vote.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— The Ala
meda County Afro-American League, after
a spirited meeting last night, decided to
recommend to the County Central Com
mittee the desirability of j olding a pri
mary election, believing this plan would
more generally meet the approval of the
people. There were vigorous speeches,
and sentiments quite pronounced were
given expression to concerning the atti
tude of some of the city and county
officials in neglecting to give the race rep
resentation in their offices. It was de
cideu to hold a mass-meeting during the
month of April and a committee consist
ing of Messrs. A. A. Collins, J. A. Wilds,
J. B. Wilson, P. W. Moore, George In
graham. James Summers and .lames
Washington was named by Chairman
Holland to arrange for the gathering and
prepare topics for discussion. Some time
ago Mr. Wilds presented the league with a
diagram map oi the county and by it the
location of every colored voter is known.
From the report of the election committee
appointed at the last meeting it is evident
that some good work is being done.
He Refuges Food.
OAKLAND. Cal., March 11.— Michael
Hayden, an old man 72 years of age, was
taken irom his home, 903 Second street, to
day and reruoveu to the receiving hospital.
The neighbors say he has refused to take
food since his wife died, March 2. He says
he wants to die and go to meet his wife.
He is a native of Ireland, and lived the
early part of his life in England and Scot
land", coming to America over thirty years
ago. He declined to take broth and crack
ers prepared for him and said he would
never again take food. His mind appears
to be affected.
Damage Suit CompromUe.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— The dam
age suit of J. J. Corey as administrator of
the estate of Marilla Gay against the
Southern Pacific Kailroad Company was
compromised to-day by the company
agreeing to pay $4000. "The deceased was
the wife of ex-Assemblyman Robert Gay,
and was killed at the pier on t.ie evening
of September S as the family were about to
take the train for Sacramento to attend
the Native Sons' celebration, bhe was the
mother of Mrs. J. J. Corey, Cora E. Gay,
Helen M. Gay and Robert 1). Gay.
Army and Navy League.
OAKLAND, Cal., March. 11.— The Army
and Navy League will hold an important
meeting this (Thursday) evening, at ft
o'clock, at Becker's Hall, Washington street,
for the election of officers for the ensuing
year, re-registering and other important
business that may come before the club.
All old sailors who served durint: the late
war are cordially invited to attend, believ
ing that all should unite in solid column
in forming a ciub that will get into line in
the great campaign that will soon be on
us, and take a hand in the contest for the
renewal of prosperity in our glorious
country.
Carpenters' Meeting.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— Union No.
36, Carpenters and Joiners of America,
has arranged for an oven meeting: at
its room in College Hall on Clay street
to-morrow (Tnursday) evening, to which
all carpenters, whether members or not,
are especially invited ; also members of all
other org;iiuzed labor unions. An enter
taining programme has been prepared for
the occasion. An enjoyable and profitable
evening is assured all who attend.
Trial Commence*.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— The jury
in the case of Benjamin L. Hill, charged
with fhuoting his wife, killing her in
stantly, \\"<i> Hfcured to-day. It consists of
}ie;3r>. W. Crawford. L.W. Hewlett, Fred
W. Mowry, C. P. Marsh, W. C. Fleisch
hauer, E. W. Swain, A. J. McLeod, A. F.
Poiner, H. E. Hanvood, G. li. Daniels, h.
S. Tuttle an 1 E.J. Murphy. The taking
of evidence began at once and will con
tinue the rest of the week.
Polltax Payments.
OAKLAND, Cal, March 11. — County
Assessor Daitoti has a large force of depu
ties at work collecting the polltax in
various parts of the county, but thus far
tht receipts are light. He says he is not
insisting that any who desire to register
shall tirst pay their polltax, but is ready
to do hia duty in that respect as well as
Courity Clerk Jordan, who is receiving
about 250 names daily.
Stole Sample Ore.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 11.— Dr. i M.
Seifridge reports to tbe police that his cabi
net of ores in hi? office in the Central Bank
building baa b*en tampered with and a
qnantity of fine ore samples taken. Whqn
cr how the work was done is not known. It
is expected that some one wiil soon be of
fering to sell a mine by showing samples ot
the ore.
Oratorio Society's New Life.
OAKLAND, Cai.. March 11.-The Oak
land Oratorio Society has been reorgan
ized and invite* the support of member of
choirs and musical societies, as well as the
:-loving public, either as active or
associate members. Rehearsals at BLohler
& Chase Hall, Eleventh street and liroatl
way, every Monday at 7:43 r. \i.
Tim Police Hoard.
The Police Commissioners were in session
for four hours last night, the greater part oi
the time being occupied in a rehearing of the
charge Of unoflieerlike conduct .preferred by
Dr. Twist against Sergeant Blank.' The charge
was dismissed, it appearing to the board that
Uiere was a misunderstanding on the part of
the dentist as to the duty of an ollicer in the
circumstances. | A charge . against : . Policeman
.]. J. KcLaugblin. preferred by Sergeant Price,
of being intoxicated .while on duty, wns dis
missed.
. . ♦ — <• — •—
Private companies in Japan have sub
mitted to the Government plans for over
2000 miles of new railroads.
*HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
PORTIAS MAY YET ENTER.
President Thompson Partially
Capitulates to the
Ladies.
BLAMES IT ON M'DONALD.
Not at All Anxious to Enter the
Arena With the Indignant
Miss Eubanks.
Oakland Office San Frakcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 11. |
President Thomas J. Thompson of the
Associated Law Students of Oakland real
izes that he has a tight on his hands. He
is also cognizant of the fact that he is at
Thomas J. Thomas, President of the Associated Law students, v> no says .ntss
Eubanks Has Libeled Him, and Archie McDonald, Who Opposed the Admis
sion of Women
[Drawn from a photograph. j
once shorn of nearly all his power of de
fense because his antagonist is a woman.
He entered a general denial to-day to all
the allegations of M;.-s Enbank* 5 com
plaint. He starts out by denying all that
part of the complaint that comes under the
"knowledge and belief clause, and then
begins in earnest. He says:
"I will agree that Mis.s Eubanks is 'a
coming woman' and has always been a
faithful student, and so long as she says
so I will agree that 'early in life' she con
cluded that the study of law was her forte.
I will also admit, since she says so, 'that
she made herself conversant with Cooley's
Blackstone and the more complicated
branches of jurisprudence.' I deny that
our organization is a 'boys 1 brigade.' or
that Miss Eubanks applied for admission
that she might 'profit ny the mistakes of
the students.'
"The facts of the case are these: A
clause in our constitution provides that a
person to be eligible to membership in our
association must be a male citizen of good
moral character between 17 and 25 years of
age," said he.
"Ed Gehring proposed the name of Miss
Susie Eubanks for membership. It was
laid on the table for a week. Upon coming
up for discussion last Monday night Archie
McDonald argued that Miss Eubanks was
not eligible, as our constitution stated that
any person wishing to become a member
of our association must be a male, and re
ferred to the clause in the constitution.
"After a long discussion a ruling by the
chair was called for and the chair sus
tained McDonald's 'point of order.' An
appeal was immediately taken. The mem
bers then voted to sustain McDonald and
the president, l'ersonally I was in favor
of admitting Miss EubanKs, and had Mr.
(jehring. in proposing her mime, gone
about it properly — that is, by offering an
amendment to the constitution admitting
ladies — I would have worked for its pas
sage. After seeing that there was no wav
in which to mase her a member Mr.
Gehring withdrew her name.
"It is very possible that the amendment
to the constitution may yet pa*s and then
Jadies will be admitted. I want to have
their refining influence shed on our delib
erations."
Miss Frankie Lane, who was refused
admittance to the Alameda County Law
Association a few months ago, is support
ing MissSnbankl in her tightatrainst mas
culine tyranny.
"Why, I thought they formed this new
organization in order to admit womc-n,"
she said to-day. "The trouble all lies in
the fact that the n.ale students are afraid
of what the newspapers will say in regard '
to the matter. That was whut made the
other association refuse to admit me. The
boys read some sensational article in a j
newspaper, and were so weak-minded as
to allow it to sway their opinions.
"A woman has the right to join any ■
incorporated association for the purpose of
paining letral knowledge, and ie is a shame
when she is refused admittance. All that
I can say of the Associated Law Students
is that as American gentlemen they have
acted in a small-minded way in refusing
to admit ladies in their organization."
ILLICIT OPIUM FACTORY
Two Chinamen Arrested in Ala
meda for Cooking the
Drug.
Senator Stewart's Alameda Real Es
tate — Failure to Provide for
a Child.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March IL— Charlie
Louie and Wong Chine, two Chineseolam
di^gers, were arrested last night at mid
night .by a Deputy Collector of Revenue,
charged with maintaining an illicit opimn
eookmt* factory. The two Chinamen were
prepar^ug an inferior quality of opium by
mixing the leavings and scrapmtrs of pipes
with crude opium and cooking it over
again. They were not operating largely,
and probably doing a little business with
a few of their countrymen who could only
afford the poorest quality of the drug. The
Deputy Collector put handcuffs on them
and brought them to the jail, when he
found that he did not have the key, and
the irons were perforce permitted to re
main on the prisoners all night. This
morning they were sawed off.
City Hall Chime.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 11.— An effort
is being made to provide a chime of eight
bells for the new City Hall tower. It is
estimated that the ciimes will cost $1600.
A good start toward that sum has been
raised from donations, and it is expected
the patriotic citizens will do something
more' in that line. Besides it is proposed
to give entertainments and to add to the
fund in any legitimate way possible. The
chime will be set to play the National
hymn "America," besides other airs.
There is no other chime like the one pro
posed in any public building in California.
Senator Stewart's Taxes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 11.— The pub
lished accounts of Senator Stewart's de
linquency on his municipal taxes in the
sum of $940 90 recalls that he has been a
holder of very valuable property in this
city, and still retains a very generous slice
of it. He purchased in 1887 all the exten
sive holdings of Horace W. Carpentier. It
was in several parcels, and embraced
nearly 100 acres, and some of it was the
choicest property in Alameda, located
along Central and contiguous avenues.
He held a number of auction sales and
, realized good prices, but of late his prop
erty has not been pushed on the market.
All of it is good, however. He still owns
a fourth of the original purchase. The
original purchase price was $100,000. The
Senator has not been in Alameda to look
alter his interests for live years.
Failure to Provide.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 11.— C. C.
Brock was to-day arrested on a warrant
issued out of the San Francisco Police
Court on a charge of failure to provide for
his minor child. He was immediately re
leased on bonds. He is the second son of
the late Christian Brock, in his life a well
known ship-owner of San Francisco. C. C.
Brock's wife secured a divorce from him
three months ago. With the divorce she
also secured tne custody of their minor
child and $H0 a month for the child's sup
port. This has never been paid and is the
cause of the arrest. Brock was absent in
Alaska while the divorce was being ob
tained, arriving home about the time it
was granted. He is getting ready to go
back again, being connected with a sal
mon-canning industry.
Thp Glorious Fourth.
ALAMEDA. Cal., March 11.— There is
said to be a movement to get up a county
celebration of tbe Fourth ol July and hold
it in Alameda. This city offers uncommon
attractions for such a celebration. Its
streets are unsurpassed for parades. Its
sidewalks are shady from bordering trees.
There is a fine large room in the City Hall
in which to have the speaking, provided
it was not desired to have it in the
public park. Alameda sume years ago
celebrated every anniversary of the Fourth
with groat earnestness and success.
WOOD IS UPHELD.
Attorney Gairity Will liave to Pay
His Fine or Go to
Jail.
Oakland OffkeSa.v Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, March 11. J
The Supreme Court has decided that
Ah Quay was wrong when he claimed
that Judge Wood had no authority to send
Dim to jail. The decision is the result of
habeas corpus broucht by Attorney Chap
man on behalf of Ah Quay and Attorney
Tom Garrity.
The argument made was that the Oakland
Police Court was created under the Whit
ney net, and that this act was unconstitu
tional; therefore Judge Wood had no
right to order any one to jail. In the case
of Attorney Garrity the Judge bad fined
him $25 or one day's imprisonment for
contempt of court. The case was appealed,
but it was Tiot pressed till the case of the
Chinaman was decided.
This morning Attorney Chapman ap
peared to the Police Court and announced
that he was ready to pnv Ah Quay's line.
He wanted his two weeks' sojourn ia jail
while he was waiting for ihe Supreme
Court's decision to count as part of the
tine, hut this was not allowed, so the full
line of $100 was paid. When Ganity'a
case is taken up he will either have to pay
his fine or f.pend one day in prison.
M. C. Chapman, the attorney lor the ap
plicant, in ipeaJtiOgol the case, said: "I
have expected tiiey wouid deny the writ.
I had a talK with the Chief Justice in
chambers and we argued the matter at
length. There are no legal grounds for de
nying it, yet I believe they feared the con
sequences had they granted it. It would
have overturned so many statutes ana rev
olutionized so much legislation that they
thought it better to rule as they have
done."
The i Yellow River is styied the "Sorrow
of China." During the last century it has
changed its course twenty-two times, and
now (lows info Ihe sea through a mouth
300 miles distant from that of a hundred
years ago. It is estimated that its Hoods
m the present century have cost something
like 11,000,000 of lives.
POLICEMEN TO CONTEST
Oakland's Star-Wearers Think
They Can Out-Shoot San
Franciscans.
THEIR CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
After the First Match a Trophy Will
Be Shot For at Regular
Intervals.
Oakland Office San Francipco Call.)
IX)8 Broadway, March 11. |
The San Francisco Police Department,
by Captain Wittman, has accepted the
challenge of the Oakland department to
shoot off a match at Shell Mound Park
on the 28th. of this month.
For a long tim< there has been a monthly
medal contest between the members of the
Oakland force, and the decoration has
freely changed hands. The men think
they are, on the whole, second to none on
the coast, and many tales of prowess are
told in the little waiting-room where the
officers report on and off. There is as
much interest taken in the monthly shoot
as in the arrest of gold-brick men and boy
burglars, and the efficiency of the police as
regards marksmanship is undoubtedly
good. Consequently the match with the
San Francisco force is being looked for
ward to with great interest, and bets are
being freely made, but always with Oak
land on the long end, as locai confidence
is very great.
The" little neatly sewn leather medal, let
tered in gold, which is the only induce
ment so far offered for excellency, is at
pre»entheld by Officer Jacobus. It has been
held by over a dozen men in turn, and
many matches have been made over it in
dependent of the regular monthly shoot.
There is also another medal that no one
will wear. It was manufactured by Jailor
Swain and is made of wood, and is about a
foot in diameter. There is some doubt as
to who it should decorate, but there is
never any demand for it, and it is said
that it is now the property of Officer
Mat key, but he denies it. This modal is
the legitimate property of the man whose
bullets strike nearest the fence surround
ing the bullseye.
Captain Fletcher has not yet named his
team, but it will be taken from the :o.low
ing, all of whom have at one time or
another worn the gilt-lettered medal:
Officers Arnert, Andrews, Banks, Jacobus,
Kingsbury, McCarthy, Sbaul, Shroeder,
Scanlan, Sill, Juiler Swain and Detective
Williams. All of these men have fre
quently made full scores, and will be a
hard team to beat.
The ban Francisco captain has about
200 men to select from, while Captain
Fletcher's entire force does not exceed
fifty men. Trie rifles to be used are 4i
caliber Winchesters.
The local men are taking frequent trips
to the Shell Mound ranges and practicing,
and frequent references are maae to the
turkey and champagne that the defeated
San Franciscans will have to pay for when
the match is over.
It is very probable that after the first
match has been decided a handsome
trophy will be hung up to be shot for at
stated periods.
DUKE OLDENBOURG SAFE.
Berkeley's Missing Royal Stu
dent Has Turned Up
Serenely.
A Bonus for the Extension of the San
Pablo Streetcar Line— Students
to Labor.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11.— Charles
Louis Oldenbourg and his diamond ring
are safe. The prospective heir to a Ger
man dukedom, who was the cause of so
much anxiety on the part of his leilow
students at Berkeley yesterday, by his
long continued and unaccounted for ab
sence, has been located. He has not been
in Berkeley, however, so far as is known,
since the announcement in The Call of
his prospects of succeeding his uncle to
the duchy of Oiuenbourg and the ac
quirement of the vast landed estates which
po with the royal title. Yesterday his
fraternity brothers at the university were
particularly anxious to learn of his where
abouts, for nothing had been lr ard of him j
since last Saturday. To-day, however, he
was seen on the Oakland ooat bound for
San Francisco, by several of his university
associates. When asked where he had
been, he replied that he had been away
from Berkeley, bavins a ploasant time.
When the report reached Berkeley that
Oldenbonrg had been seen a feeling of relief
came over those who had read oHiis mys- j
tenons disappearance and extended ab
sence. Though the theory of his having
met with foul play as advanced by his
fraternity brethren was not generally cred
ited, yet there were many who believed
that on account of the heavy diamond
ring which he wore and the reported large
amount of money in his possession he had
been waylaid by road agents or inveigled
into sonic deadly trap by daring malefac
tors, who lie in "wait for just such oppor
tunities.
The students who have been informed
of his safety are anxious to know why
he does not return to Berkeley and account
for himself. L. 0. Hiltorn stated to-day
that OlQenboarg Intends leaving for Mexico
on the steamer which sails the 18th inst.,
to join his father, who will go with him to
German; for the puruoae of settling pre
liminary maXters connected with his
acquirement of the right of succession to
the dukedom. This, however, was after
Mr. Hilborn had learned of his safety.
Prior to that Mr. liilborn had notified
Chief of I'olice Lloyd of the unaccountable
absence oi his friend, and the Oakland
police spent nearly half a day searching
for him.
The San Pablo Streetcar*.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11.— The
West Berkeley Progressive Club has se
cured pledges of $11<X) toward a fund of
,s">ikjO to be offered as a bonus for the exten
sion of the San Pablo avenue streetcar line
into "West Berkeley. Charies A. Bailey
will give $ lUOO of the sum offered. 0. M.
Spear, president of the club, has agreed to
give $lUO.
Mr. Bailey, who is one of Berkeley's
largest property-owners, addressed the club
at considerable length last night on the
subject of improvements that are contem
plated as means ol aiding in the develop
ment of the town. In reference to the
wharf for which the club has been agita
ting, Mr. Bailey stated that the expendi
ture of $80,000 on such an enterprise would
beawasteof money and 'ha; if a wharf
would pay returns on capital required for
its construction one would be built by
private capital.
In the course of his address Mr. Bailey
urged that the club endeavor to have San
Pablo avenue improved over the whole
distance to Oakland, thus giving West
Berkeley a direct and wide thorouehfore
to that" city. He also suggested that
efforts be made to change the steam local
service so that trains for West Berkeley
would leave the East Berkeley line at
Golden Gate instead of at Shell Mound as
now. The rejuvenation of the California
and Nevada Railroad, the securing of a
better water supply for West Berkeley and
agitation to make Berkeley an important
point on the line of the San Joaquip
Valley Railroad were other subjects dwelt
upon by Mr. Bailey.
At the conclusion of his address Mr.
Bailey was elected v member of the club,
and Messrs. Spear. Wilkes and Niehaus,
with Mr. Bailey, were chosen to constitute
a committee that is to investigate the
various enterprises that were discussed.
The club also appointed a committee,
consisting of Trustees Hoff C. Durrill and
Mr. Bailey, to wait upon F. K. Shattuck
and endeavor to secure a renewal of his
offer of a site at Dwight way for the Wil
merding School. Mr. Shattuck's offer was
made to the Regents of the university and
was withdrawn, he having received no re
sponse from the Regents acknowledging
his offer.
Vested Choir for St. Mark's.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11. — St.
Mark's Episcopal Church will have a
vested choir in the near future, it being
the purpose of Rector Swan to have them
appear for the first time on Easter Sunday.
The new rector has been at work forming
the choir for the last two months, and he
has at least succeeded in gathering to
gether the requisite number of singers.
There will be forty-three singers in the
new choir, all of whom are volunteers,
sixteen of the number being men and
twenty-seven boys. The chancel Da 9
already been enlarged so as to accommo
date the new choir. This will be the first
yested choir ever formed in Berkeley. Fol
lowing are the members:
Boys: Roscoe Wilder, Robert Henning,
Stanley Cumberpatch, Harold Fauli, Allen
Nicholas, William Lewis, Patrick Am
brose, Norman Ambrose, Charles Pond,
Warren Meyers, Harry Cheney, Effington
Sutton, George Cumberpatch, Leo Brown,
Charles Taylor, Alfred Bailey, Elrna Nel
son, Hugh McJunkin, Alma Seabury, Jack
Matthews, Andison Van Dyke, Will Hamp
ton, Lawrence Rising, Dudley Harvey,
Arley Harvey, Harry Goodman.
Men: W. J. Lewis, B. Donnell, H. A.
Turner, J. N. Toree, J. J. Kline, M. S.
Good, Mr. Cummings, Robert Easton, Wil
liam Atchison, Harry Roberts, F. R. Nu
gent, Fiank Taylor, Mr. Brackenburg, W.
N. Harris, Whitney Pal ache.
Students Will Work Again.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11. — The
student labor brigade will resume its
work on the university campus next Fri
day morning, with the hope of completing
the improvements by Saturday at midday.
Regent Rein-neiii and President Kellogg
held a conference to-day, when it was di
cided to give the students another day and
a half.
The greatest part of the uncompleted
work is that of excavating around North
Hall. It will be the purpose of the student
laborers to rinish what further digging is
found to be necessary in this region, and
then to cover the hard clay through which
they have been cutting with a layer of
sott earth, so that flowers and vines may
be planted around the building.
The half-finished walk through Lovers'
Lane will also be completed. The neces
sary grading and part of the stone laying
has been done on it, but the fine rock and
gravel is yet to be put down. It is under
stood that more implements will be on
hand so that every one who wishes can
work.
President Kellogg, Regent Reinstein and 1
Professors Hiigard and Randall spent
considerable time to-day in looking over
the half-completed work and devising
ways of undertaking the remainder so
that it mignt be entirely finished by Satur
day noon.
Teachers' Aid Society.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11.-Tbe
Berkeley Teachers' Mutual Aid Society re
cently formed has completed its organiza
tion by the election of the following of
ficers: President, Miss Fannie McLean;
vi;:e-president. Miss S. F. French; secre
tary, Mr-. C. M. Partridge; treasurer, Miss
Alice Keefcr; board of directors — Miss
Juliet Loin bard, Miss Ecta Ellerhurst, Miss
Eleanor M. Smith.
Chosen an Advisor.
BERKELEY. Cal., March 11.— Mrs.
George W. Haight, president of the local
Citizpns' Suffrage Club, has been elected a
member of the advisory board of the
Woman's Congress.
Road Fmul Exhausted.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 11.— Owing to
the fact that the road fund is> exhausted
the Superintendent of Streets wiil be un
able to repair the damage done by the re
cent rains to Telegraph avenue and Dwight
• way.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND IIOTfcL.
A T Reynolds, Cal A Foote, Grass Valley || |
I. F Warner Jr, Auburn W A Tablett, Arbuckle
M Dinkelspiel, Cal J W Caleton, Cal . .
J A Brown. Sacto ' SP Painter, Nova Scotia
M X I'aintt r.Novn Scotia Miss Klla Watts. »t John
Miss M Watts, St John <; T King. Boston
.1 X Russell, Portland Mrs J N Russell, Or
X C Gcodspeed, Durham Caleb Dorsey, Cal
Mrs W X wersman, Cal s D Evans & w, Utah
J S Watcr'and, i hico D H Force, Cypress •
C J Berry, .Selma Mrs C J Berry, Seima
F\V Whititip, Kansas Mrs F W Whiting, Kans
II a Wiess. Minn Mrs II A Weeks, Mi. n
(' M ( siskin, Cal : 3 A J Gardner, Denver
Fll Folsom. Everett " 11 L Jenkins, Tacoraa
B Casse,>* V . . w I) Turner. 11l
.1 Christian, Pleasanton Mrs J Christianson, Pl't'n
11 !•' Daugbelß. Carson W Jonnston. CourUand
J M Gleaves, Redding I)r C C i -leaves, Redding
Z X t'onnor, Japan - P Sweed. Petaluma
a Norton, Out : Mrs S Wellington. Ont
Mrs PA Norton, Chicago J S ilessman, Sn Martin
Mrs C J Lowlston, Sauto A 8 Thomson, Sun 1
J S Ham, Chico KS Parsons, Howard, S D
Miss Parsons, s 1> W II '1 hielman. Mont
Mrs J C llowell, Chicago .1 C llovvell, Chicago
»i H Garnet, ■'-t Loafs Miss Garnet, st Louis
1 B Meyers it w, Chicago J A Dake, Idaho
FJDake, Idaho , B Blight, Grass Valley
: N E Jones, Santa Cruz ' Dr C «■: Keed <t w, Petlma
Mrs I Proctor, Plac'v'le FB Meyers. Cincinnati
RE HopklDS, Woodland C I.eadebetter Jrdc \v,Stn
PALACE HOTEL;
J A J Gardener, Denver F W Xoyes, X T
Mrs \V E Berber, Sacto A Bertrand, NY
Miss J (ierber. Sacto H Tulbot, Boston
X .Morris, Chicago . ' ii Btir.iham, X V
(i V swift, Chicago J M Gall, .Stanford
A F Maierna. Vienna , LII Norton, Salt Lke Cy
Miss E Mnurna. \'ieuua G E Griswold, Chicago
V Unclre.ick, Vienna <•» \V Jackson it \v. s>acto
Mrs Omlreii-k, Vienna (1 W Miller it w, Mien
I Luckstone, X V Mrs \V. L Wordrow, C»l
It Cniilt y, NY J I. Dean, St Louis
J 8 Patterson. Ciiin J X Kspey & d, Chcgo
II Cronemeyer, N' V A 11 liolgart; Uuluth
VI X i'eyton. M Louis X 8 Carnhart, Mich
Dr W KShern:un. lowa Mrs l.osnn. Phila
F \V Sears, Cleveland Mi.-is Mac Coy, I'a
Mrs S Jones, I'bila . • A t' Turn«r, Lexington
Miss Barnard, I'liila . John Turner, Boston
Miss A Barnard." Phila SMcMurtrie, uuadaloup
It Porter, Cleveland J Kipler, Chicago .
Mrs N H i'orcer, Cle veld Mrs Q H Daniels, X V
It H Porter, Cleveland*-; Mrs L 15 Hamlin, Elgin
II O Porter, Cleveland 811 l-'illainu & \v, N V
N II Powers, .Rochester, T.McOill, M^odesio
COSMOPOLITAN lIOTED. .
L X Moore, Grants Pass M I' Lester, Fresno •
M 11 Walsh. Honor- _> M Uettrell & w. • Stktn
lieu Wolf, San Jose ; John Holmes, Chicago
W J Kroderick. Merced Miss A Matthews, Merced
G C Coltman, Cal 11 s Fox, Brook>ville, O
1) Kuch, Angels -. - .1 llichardson, Liverpool
Jus Nolan; Port Costa C it Devereaux, Portland
Fred Frater, Portland \S T Arterry, Wash •.
John Brady, l'ortland \ . S S Fonts, Sedeg
Lee Hatch, We ieg ■ W B .Allen, Salem ; . .
M X Beatty, Portlaud It H Crawfoid, Portland
John Kernels, Portland D W Koby. Portland • ,
Ben Neer, Portland Herman Collf, Salem
i; s McKentie »_ w. Or Dr L C Kenno:i fc w. Stktn
W i: Cody, Portland"; .X Siznka,
Mrs A 1) Watson, Seattle M B Jacobs. Avon, Or
V M Babbitt, Victoria ; V U Smith & w, Oakland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
B M.Birdsall, New.York J Mornenthan, New York
11 (' Kotlie, Chicago 'C V retell man, Chicago
X E Hene^i. New-York JKMa?£<ard,!»prinsrtiid,O
iW.K Clark, Stockton T \v Klleri <£ wf, Wi_
It E t>eat. X .1 . :•'-; Mrs J Hall, Oakland
I) L Wooa, Seattle . Mrs H 3 Corcoran & son,
15 1' Barker. JUvt-rmore Stockton ■ ■
B w Hmitii, Minn (; i: >u,-e t wf, USA
J M Himflman, Chicago H J lonovan, Stockton
F Kckles. San Jos" - ■ ,A A Brown, :-an Jobs ■'■/
W I'Ablaing. ban Jcs9 lie Israel, Chicago ;
H I unseii, Moktjn _^ •11 C Gregory. Centorville
J_l Burns, Vacaville . ' I) Levey. Williams
Mrs M P !»tair. Stockton Mrs M Marx, bto :kton
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
II Orrocle, Vallejo h Sherfiew, Vallejo
W Jlanan, Boston X M Hairy, Or
Miss ./ Fliher, I'ortland B A Wuhbun, Or
Miss Mcliuire, Portland O Holmes, Pendleton
b (ioocilian it w. Marlort Miss L Koll, Muscatine
C B Sawyer, J'etrok J 1* Knbinson, Colo
W I>nson, seatonville C" Mclntyre, t?t Louis
C Shelenhamer. Bt Loais J X :-in;slrtoa, Boston
LS Vail, Boston J James, Stockton
: ■ =.».-.•, * — • — » ■ ■ ..... ■ •
There are many remarkable pearl neck
laces whose value is extraordinary. These
necklaces '•"■ are made up . gradually,' pearl
after pearl being added to the set, and the
leading jewelers are constantly , on the
lookout 10 '■? procure gems of '; like rarity to
extend the chain. : . On the : whole pink
pearls j are not especially valuable, black
ones bringing far higher prices.
WILL MEET AT REDWOOD
The Republican Fifth District
Congressional Committee to
Be Created.
THINGS MOVE IN THE FOURTH
The Mahoney-Kelly Congressional Com
mittee Champions Itself and Gets
Ready for Action.
The Republican political proceedings to
day of greatest interest will be the meeting
at Redwood City this afternoon of the
State Central Committeemen representing
the Fifth District.
Up till yesterday it had remained un
certain whether or not this meeting would
occur according to the somewhat petulant
adjournment taken by Messrs. Ayer, Rosa
and Dawson last week, when they met in
ignorance of the postponement of the
meeting announced by Chairman Corn
wall. It had been supposed that some
arrangement would be effected by which
the meeting would be again postponed in
accordance with the tacit agreement
reached at the last meeting of the execu
tive committee of the State Central Com
mittee that nothing should be done re
garding the affairs of either the Fourtn or
Fifth districts until after the next meeting
of the executive committee, which will
occur to-day. But yesterday it became
certain that the Fifth District meeting
would be held to-day and that all of the
eleven committeemen of the district would
be there in person or represented by proxy.
It is understood also that the meeting will
likely be harmonious. It is pro liable that
the Congressional committee for the Fifth
District will be appointed to-day.
The Mahoney-Kelly Fourth District com
mittee unexpectedly held a meeting yes
terday forenoon and took what is regarded
by many to be snap action. As has been
stated, the leaders of all elements con
cerned with the affair of the Fourth and
Fifth districts agreed last Thursday at the
meeting of the executive committee that
everything should remain in statu quo for
another week. A truce was declared with
a view of bringing about a settlement of
the tangle, if possible.
In disregard of this understanding four
of the seven members of the Fourth Dis
trict Congressional committee appointed
at that snap Saturday night meeting at
the Baldwin Hotel held a meeting yester
day afternoon and made an effort to for
tify their position. This is the committee
that was created by the votes of two of the
eleven State Committeemen, one legiti
mate proxy and two forged proxies.
Those present yesterday were: J. S.
Spear Jr., A. Bernard. A. P. Kearney and
W. P. Howe. There was introduced and
adopted a long resolution reciting a por
tion of the proceedings of the meeting of
the State Central Committee and the pro
ceedings of the Baldwin Hotel meeting
and declaring that committee the only
regular and legal one. The resolution also
stated that the committee had been offi
cially recognized by the executive com
mittee.
It was then decided that the committee
should go riiiht ahead witti the issuance of
the call for a Congressional convention
and the holding of a primary election. A
committee of five to prepare the call and
supervise election proceedings was ap
pointed, consisting of those present and
N. J. Williams. Tiiis committee wiil meet
again this afternoon and proceed to do
something further.
The committee brought forth still more
evidence of its regularity, legality and
purity. It was contained in a lonj: atli
davit" by Martin Kelly. Kelly's affidavit
was devoted to a denial that the proxy of
John Martin, State Central committee
man from the Forty-fifth District, voted
by Senator Mahoney that night, was
forged. It was Kelly who procured the
alleged proxy, according to his story, and
it was Senator Mahoney who voted it.
With the forged proxies of M^Fsrs. Mel
sing and Martin, Mahoney and Kelly were
able to exhibit their majority, and it will
be remembered that Mr. Martin has made
affidavit that he gave nobody his proxy,
verbally or in writing, and ttiat if his
proxy was used it was forged. Kelly's
affidavit states that he met Martin that
night and that Martin verbally gave him
permission to use his name. Kelly used
this proxy by telling Mahoney to use it.
This committee has; endeavored to for
tify itself by conveying to Chairman Corn
wall of the executive comruitte, who is
friendly to it, a formal report of its crea
i tiun and organization, and by receiving
from him "official" acknowledgment ot
the report and his recognition. This is ex
pected to look well and to give the com
mittee a little prestige, but the committee
might as well have received official recog
nition from Governor Budd. The call
adopted by the State committee, provid
ing* for me Congressional committees,
makes them supreme. The executive
committee or its chairman have no juris
diction over them in any degree, and Mr.
Cornwall's "recognition" amounts to noth
ing.
The executive committee of the State
Central Committee will meet this after
noon at 419 California street. There was
yesterday no prospect or promise of just
what would be done or attempted to be
done.
The County comniittee will hold a spe
cial meeting* to-night, which will be de
voted mainly, if not entirely to the elec
tion of a successor to M. J. Donovan, de
ceased.
She Was Not Married.
In last Monday's issue appeared a notice of
the wedding of Mrs. Nora Weilsted at Ocean
View. The notice was sent to the newspapers
by mail in the usual way find was published as
such matters are, there being no reason to be
lieve that it was not true. Yesterday Mr.-.
Nora Weilsted called at the editorial-rooms
and denied that she had been married. She
thinks that the notice was sent in by some one
who had a grudge against her or wanted to
play a practical joke upon her.
A little girl of Metz, 14 years old, named
Louise Fuchs, has Just been condemned to
eight days' imprisonment for having in
sulted the German E:nperor. The insult
consisted in writing a private letter to one
of her little friends in which there was
something disrespectful to his Majesty.
Such sentences are quite common in
Alsace-Lorraine.
AUCTION SALES.
FIRE UNDERWRITERS' SALE.
Jeremiah Noonan's Stock of Goods Re-
moved to 773 Market Street,
, . Near Fourth. .
. Wednesday the nth and THURSDAY
the 12th days of March, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m..
we will commence this Immense sale, with about
60 Barr outfits and 500 Ranges and stoves, new
and second-hand.- Balance of „ the salva«it stock
will be sold from day to day as quickly as it can be
removed, which will be advertised in the morning
pacers. , ■■- ■".■
• On account of the damage done by the fire to
Noonan's - store it has been found insecure. We
have for this reason received orders from the Pa- ;
cific Coast Fire Underwriters -to remove the goods
to 773 Market St., and : there for their account sell •
to the highest bidder the salvage of about 40,000
worth of Furniture, Carpets. Ranges, Bedding and
goods too numerous to describe. : •
Indian- Auction Co., liO butter,' R. 12.
• B. M. BIRDSALL. Propr.
H. J. Ledtholtz. Auctioneer.
________________ ... . - . ■■...-.■
a J)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNT ST.I Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. . Debility or -
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Disease* .The doctor cures when
others fall. < Try him. ; Charges low.
Cnrri>araari»nt<*<f. Callorwrite.
I Dr. J. F. UJUSBON, Box 1057. Saa Fmnctacoi
1314
THE STOCK MARKET.
The 'Rle * Norcrosi meeting was the feature
yesterday and diverted considerable attention from
the market. The feeling was still weak and most
Blocks were rather lower.
San Francisco Gas continues unsettled, owing to
the negotiates 'or the combine, and sold lower
yesterday at 180881 25. Edison Light and Power
advanced to ?100 St&
The delinquent assessment sale of the Crown
Point Mining Company will be held to-day.
The official letter from the Chollar mine for the
nast week is as follows: We are opening to the
north on the seventh floor of the slope above No. 2
crosscut 450 level, and continue to mid streaks
and bunches of lair ore. Trie west crosscut from
i hi north Intern.! drift, 450 level, •*< 0 feet from our
south li:i<> is oat 60 feet, advanced 20 feet during
the week, and it has been stopped. We nave
started an upraise from it on the streak of ore un
covered last week. It is up 12 feet, and the ore
continues th- same grand size as when first cut.
Are making repairs when necessary. On '.he 100
level we have'tl' aned Oat and repaired No. '2 west
crosscut and are now drifting south from it on a
streak of {sir-grade ore.
The Potosi official letter says: The raise f om
the south drift. 450 level, has reached the ninth
floor, and the top shows hunches of good ore. We
have stopped the south drift on the track floor and
are now rleaniiur out the south drift from the
west crosscut on the tunnel level. We are making
pood progress in repairing the west drif- on
lie 650 level, and have now completed 284 feet
from the shaft station. The usual repairs are under
way.
The account of the Hale & Norcross meeting will
be found in another column.
BOAKD SALES.
Following were the sale* in the San Kranclsoo
Etocx Board yesterday.
DFCCX.AR mornini sKsirox covw^n'ttvi 4:30.
350 AlnhS 12! 20 .1.55 '200 Potosi 40
50 Beicner...'-'l 400 Exchqr....o4'4oo Savage... .3l
300 B .V- 8....65;--»00 G <fc C 30 -'OO 5 Nev 61
3UO Bodle ...20 10!) Hi N.... 1.1 6 150 60
100 Challuse..3o|7so .l.)0'300 Union C...54
200 Chollai- ....4f> ! Occid 93 100 V Jac1£1...31
400 CC*V....1.60 100 Overran... 14
I RNOON" SESSION' - 'ItSO,
100 Aloha 13250 C Point. . .33 400 Onhir... 1.20
800 Alta. 15400 ICurekaD.4s;loo 0vrmn....14
<s<)o Andes. .. .27(100 ii «fcC... 31 100 Savage. ...81
100 Ch011ar.. .46100 Mexican .53 200 S Nev 63
200 CC«kV...I.OOj-JOO 54 200 Uni0n. ...55
350 1.551 600ccidt1....93i
following were the sales in the Paclflo Stools
Boerd yesterday:
R hi: it. 4* •ir««T'"> > —"V 1"*.
£00 Alpha 181000 Con 02300 Mexican. 51
400 Alia .. 15;2OO Crown Pt.31:300 0cc1dt1....93
SOU Andes 26600 30-100 0ph1r.... 1.20
200 Kelcber....2lisoo Excbqr...o4j 75 IVi
900 Biß . 66700 O •£ C 30*200 Ovrmn.... 15
•00 67500 H<£N1.17%400 Poiosi 41
300 8u11i0n. ..11,900 l.i ft 1500 Savage...3l
500 C'aieda.... 09 1200 1.10.'i00 Scorpion. .o4
"00 Cha11nc... 32600 ..; 1.07%!l000 58& M..04
"00 31300 1.20 400*9 Nev. ...61
500 Chouar. ...46 1000 Julia 05 1000 SU Hill..
400 45 400 Justice.. ..lOlSUO Union C...54
•JSOCC <* V.3. 60 500 Kentuck.. 53
400 .. .I'- s 500 L Wa5h....06,300 Utah 09 ;
150 Conn 900 Mexican. .52 400 YJacicet..33
200 C Imp 01 '
AITKRNnfIN" FF.BSIOV— 2:T).
200 AlDha .. 12300 Ch011ar....45 VOO 0cddt1....93
300 Alta 10 250 UCAV..1.60 400 92
500 15200 1.57V-.300 9)
200 Andes.. .26 100 Conn ..'.;. 53 200 0Dhir...1.20
100 8e1cher....20,200 C Point. ..80 200 0vrmn....15
000 1- & B 66600 G C... 31 200 Potosi 41
100 Bodle 19150 1.07% aOO Savage. ...3l
200 8u11i0n.. .11,200 „....). 10j300 s Nev....62
150 8u1wer...23 200 lv^ 300 Union 53
100 Ca1eda....09 200 Mexican...*!- 100 Utah 09
200 (.haling... 31 500 Mono 09 200 V Jacket. .33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. March 11-4 p.m.
£,<l.Atkrd.\ Bid.Alkid.
*lrn« C0n.... 12 13 Jackson. 40 —
Alia 13 14 Julia — 06
Andes... 26 «7 Justice — 11
Belcher 20 22 KentucK. 04 06
Beit & Belcher. 65 66 Lady Wash — 06
ten ton C0n.... — 30 Mexican 52 53
F,odie la 20 Mayflower.... — 1.50
8u11i0n.. ....... 10 12 Mono 09 —
Bnlwer _ 22 24 ' Ml Diablo 15 —
Caledonia — 10 Nevada Uueeo. — 05
Challenge eon. 30 32 Occidental 95 96
(.'collar . 45 4"Ophir... 1.15 1.20
Con. Cai.&Va. 1.55 1.60 Overman 13 15
Cuii. Imperial. — 02 I'oiosi 42 43
Confidence..... 80 Hi tavajre ........ SO 31
Con.NenrYorc — 04 >eg. Belcher... 03 04,
Crown Point... 32 34 blerra Neval*. 63 61
tastSierraN* 1 * — 04 Scorpion — 03
Exchequer..... 03 04 Silver HUI — 02
Eureka Drift.. 45 —Syndicate...... 02 —
Eureka Con — 25 Union con 64 65
Uould i Curry. 30 31 L tali — 10
H»ie<£ NorcM.l.lo 1.1 Yellow Jaclcac 32 34
Jowa — 04:
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. March 11-2 p. v.
rXITKD «T*T£S BnN'33.
Eld. Atked. Bid. A iked.
VI? 4s coup. .X* 1 /* — i^' B4s reg...lOßVi —
Do, new is. 11 < 1175'g|
VIRCELI.ANKmTS.BOND*.
O!-!«;Cb!e5s.ll0y, — Do. 2d IS3 6s. — —
CiUElecL6s.lO9V-» — I P A O 63. 105 120
CntraCWss. — 99 ilVtChftvßs. — 105
Dpnt-st 77 95 Twist. — 116 V.
EdsnL.fcP6s.lloi/., — Reno. WL&L. ' — 105
FiCHRR6s.IO3 "105 KiverW Co6s — 100
Gearv-stßss.loui/>lO5 . .-actoP .t . 100 102S/ 4
LosAnsLOs.' — 101 r<F<tNPKRSsIOJ 14102
Do.Gnted.6s. — 102% bPRRAriz6s — 96%
Mkt-stCble6al23 - " Ca!6s.. 107Va —
DoßyConss..lotfi,4l<'7%'isPßßCalSs_ — 97%
NevCNgß7s. 09!~1OO !SPBrRCa!6s. 96V5i —
PCRR6s.lodi/4 - 'SVWaterSs.. — 1201
NRy Cat 6s. — 104% &VWater4s~ 99 1 3 99* 4
Hy (_al ss. — 105 BtlUnU<JtE6j — 103
Oak Gas 5.1..103 1 olO."> SunstT&T(U.lOJ —
Do. 2d Issss.lo3Vjj — Suuer-stßss.llOV4lll
Omnibus 63.. — 121% VisaliaWt — WA
lac.KollM6s« — — I
WATER STOCK I *.
Contra Costa 40 — | San Jose — »5
ilarinCa... 49 - Spring Valley 99% 991^
<!A8 CTdCKi.
Capital — 40 |Pac:flc Light. - 47
Central.. .. 95 — SanFrancsco gUi 81V»
OakOL&H. 51 M i/ 2 Stockton. .... — 2lVa
Pachas imp. 80 14 82 V3
INBL'Ka.NCK stock*.
FlremansFd.l6s — |Sun 4'j _
COMMERCIAL BAVK «Tn"Kl
Amerß&TC. — — 'LondonP.fcA.l3o —
Anglo-Cal... 6814 — |London£.SF. — 27%
Benkof Ca1..2;>7 238 Merch Ex.... la —
CaISDiTCo.. 57 58 | Nevada — —
yirstNatlonl.l7B 182 a feather Bob. - —
Cir&ngers — — 1
SAVINGS BANK STOCK*.
OfrS,tLCo..l42n — jPav&Loan.. - 102%
HumbS&L.IOOU — Security ?45 —
Mutual — 41 1 Union Trust.Bos —
bi'savUniOD — 482 1/3 :
BTBmCT HAiLROAD tTrVTK*.
*litornla....lo7J;j — Oak.SL&Ha? — 103
Geary-st 60 77v2 Presidio ..... 4% —
Market-3t.... 4t«Vi 47 ,Sutter-st. — , —
fOWIICR ST > X -.
Atlantic D... l"i — Judson — —
California.... — 9« jVlgont.. — 1
Ciiant. 16 19 I
Mi«=rKi.i.AX» njTK ktocic".
Alaska Pkn. 92y 84i 4 OceanlcSSCo — 20
KlkDCoa'Co. — 10 PacAuxF'A.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — lac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDoclc — — Pad AN Co. — SO
Edison Light lOOVi — Pac Roll Mill 291 2 42%
GaaConAasn. — — jJ'arfPaintCo. 63/ a 7%
<•• r 1 cad • o — 87y 3 PacTransUo. — ' 24
HawC&SCo.. 16»4 10% I'acTA'COo 60 —
HutchSPCo.. 17% 18 fcuusetTAf.. 41 —
J udsonM — — I United CO* — 26
tltr Kx.ks.ialUO 110 I
HORXtVO mrßirnv
Board— s Edison Light A Power Co. 100: mo
Hawaiian Commercial, 16; 2.50 do, 16%: lOOdo.
16Vi: V)do, 16y 8 : 100 Hiitchlnson 8 p Co, 18; 40
S X <;a<!ieht, 80%: 50 do. 80Vi: 50 do, 80; 50 do.
808,1: 75 do. 81 : 20 .- V Water, 991-i; 80 do, 991 «■
*4000 a v 6% . onds, 119%. '-.-.-
A TERN *I«sttOV.
Board-5 Bank of California, 237:25 Edison
l.uht & Power Co, IOOI4; 100 Hawaiian Com
mercial, 16%: 50 do. 163 : 50 do, 161/4: 5 Hutch-
L", son ?i> 1,), 18; 200 8 F Uasligbt, 81; 195 do.
nli,4i; 5 d<> f*lVi-
Street— f2ooo Edison LAP Bonds, 110f4; 200
8 V Gaslight, » 30, 81.
The » i : ■ ji : .- — 1 rrerteriok.
It is sain that the Dowager Empress of
Germany contemplates residing perma
nently in Eiiß'and. As far as the German
Emperor is • oticerned the arrangtment is
saia to he perfectly satisfactory — even
more so. Bat tbe German ''nanceilor has
yet to sive l»is consent, winch is unlikely,
unless the Empress Frederick consent'- to
Kive up part of her (ierman allowances.
Queen Victoria, with her usual thriftii
ne?s, refuses to consent to such an ar
ranpement, and so the matter remains in
BUtuquo. From England the Empress
Frederick rec-eivea an ullowaiv eof |40,000
n year. lint from Germany she receives,
"all told," a larger allowance than comes
into the coffers of Queen Victoria as rei-in-
Ing sovereign of England.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BUSINESS OFFICE of me San Francisco Calt^.
710 Market s reet, open until 12 o'c.ock every
h\fti\ in tiie year. !
BBANCS OFFICEs-530 Montgomery strwt,
corn* r Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 8:30 o'clock.
t-W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
Bntil 9 o'clock. '""
251S Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
110 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
.Yv.» 1 ■ 1;;. <j 1 :.i i.t.TiStj,^:
H^TSp SOUTH. SAN FRANCISCO ; *,;
Br^ r.Oige No. '2V2, F. and A.M.. in. .* *% •
•1 ill KV.. viNdat 7:80 o'clock lor tb>rd tffj«
degree. All Master Masons are cordia'ly 'Ny^'
invited, By order of the Master.
E.C. HARK, Secretary.
CAIiITOBKIA LODGK XO. 1, F. *
a>~& and A. M.. will m<-< I ins (TJIURS- _jfi*
DAY) KVKMNG, "March 12. ni 7:3o'iKj2f
o'clock. First df (tree. By order of the master. f^r
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
rr^S* OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22, F. •-.
Sr^' and A. M.-O'led meeting lin^«#%-
(THURSDAY) AFTERNOON. March 12, J&X
at 1 :30 o'clock, for the purpose of ftttPll< * ln D
the funeral of our deceased brother, lib«is xr.
SAGE. . By order of the W. U.
EDWARD F. DELOER. Secretary.
7255* DORIC LODGE No. 216, F. a A. •
ISS^^ M. 121 Eddy st Called meeting
THIS EVENING at 7:3ooViock. Second J&J\
decree. All sojourning brethren are Invited. 'V
By order of the W. M. KROypKROt ******.
CAUFO lI N I A LO D< i E No. 1, .F. m
tS^^ AA. -Funeral notice. The officer* _#%_
and members of the above-named lodge are KT
hereby notified to alien*! the funeral of our ' "W
late brother. HKNR H< 'MKRTHRALL, in King
Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple, THIS DA \,
( THURSDAY). March 12. 189S. at 1 o'clock P. M.
Master Masons and friends of the deceased are
invited. By order of the Muster.
FRANKLIN H. DAY', secretary.
aps» ABOU BEN ADHEM LODGE <^^^
if-i5 > No . 112. I. O. O. F. — Members ■japgßPK-
assemble at Convenant Hull 1:15 r. m.
TO-DAY to attend funeral of our '"' xx
deceased brother. L. C. BRES6K.
. A.E. RICHARDSON, N.O.
JE^s=» CLANNA NAN GAIDBEAL . «y >.
C?^ an Guilible a Cherte— San SV, tMUjJ
j Francisco Scottish Thistle Club will •^\XJK*
hold its monthly meeting THIS '*^^»*
(THURSDAY 1 KVENJNG at Fraternity Hall, 32
O'Farrell t., at 8 p. if.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
John' D. Codlie. Royal Chief.
mrx* STS. JOHN LODGE No. 73, A. O. .<rtlfßa
&■& U. W.— Members attend funeral of^s*74s
our late brother, LOUIS C. BREKSE, Ma-H^
sonic Temple, 2 o'clock TO-DAY. By order GSS^
M. W. J. E. PURDV. Recorder.
¥r~S=> ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
I &C£r annual meeting Of stockholders of the
Western sugar Refining Company will be held at
the office of tne company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the 30th day of
March, 1896, at the hour of 12 o'clock m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as n>av come before the meeting.
Transfer-books will close on Friday, March 20,
1896, at 12 o'clock m. '
. ROBERT OXNARD, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES*.
•^^^iTAsk^'^oTb^FiFrLDs!
EKo' a prospecting party in charge of experi-
enced mining men having knowledge of the coun-
try will leave this city for the newly discovered |
gold fields within a few days for the purpose of
locating gold properties Parties wishing an In-
terest apply at once. Rooms 80 and 81, Columbian
building. 916 Market st. '
K^S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
! BEvs? collections made, city or country. Pacific
I Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.,' room 6. Tel. 6580.
■fr^s» windows cleaned and floors
ar-l? scrubbed, reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO., 242 Sutter.
OTW MMK.~HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
fir-**' Electric, vapor, salt water baths. 116 Taylor.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.,
jP^~l5Tv I DKNrj~NOTIC?: — D I V I
I£<& 29 (15 cents per share") of the Hutchinson
i Sugar Plantation Company will be payable at the
' office of the company, 327 Market street, on
and after FRIDAY, March 20, 1896. Transfer
books will close Saturday, March 14, 1896. at 12
o'clock m. K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
FIRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK DESIRES !
nation; understands all branches of cooking; j
best references. Miss CULLEN, 323 sutler st.
\T EAT WILLING GEHMAN WOM , WITH
iA a child, desires a situation; good cook: refer- j
ences; country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
V OUNG RELIABLE DANISH GIRL WISHES j
j I a situation in small family: easy place-more j
I object than wages. Please address or call for 2 i
1 days. 825 Howard St. I
1 WANTED —BY STEADY COMPETENT j
II woman to do housework; is very good cook j
and laundress; kind to children; not afraid of |
' work; don't mind large family; city or short way ;
I in the country. 79 Jessie, bet. First and Second. I
j "VOUNG EDUCATED WIDOW WISHES A
I ■ situation as infant's nurse or general house- j
'■ work and cooking: country preferred: best refer- :
. ences. Address MRS. SHERWOOD, 631 Sut.er |
j st.. upstairs. j
, K Y EXPERIENCED NURSE; CAN TAKE EN- j
! I > tire charge of Infant from birth or care of sick i
j person; willing to assist with housework or sewing;
home more an object than high wages; city refer.
ence. Address Nurse, box 16, Call.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE !
! vJT day washinc. ironing, house or office cleaning, i
Call or address 612 Minna si.
Gr 1 : MAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
vX nurse orcbamberwork. Call 423 Sixth st.
fpDLE-AGED GERMAN LADY' WISHES
situation as tirst-class ladies' nurse or to do
light housework: no objection to traveling. Please
call or address Mrs. G. C. 227 sixth st., room 22.
V I OMPKTKNT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
V as cook and general housework in a Jewish or
American famiiy: wages $20 to $25. Call for two
days, 1219 Devisadero st.
\r-OUNG SWEDISH WIDOW WITH A CHILD
i- wishes situation as housekeeper for a widower
in country. Call at 873% Market St., room 20,
second floor.
WEDISH GfRL WANTS SITUATION TO
Odo chamberwork or laundry work in hotel. Ad-
■ dress 12 Clara st.
Y MIDi'LE-AGED WOMAN; is GOOD COOK
and housekeeper: wages moderate; city or
country. 1 all 10 Wetmore place, off Washington
St.. bet. Mason and Powell.
p IRL WHO SPEAKS GERMAN, FRENCH
VJT and English wants a situation to do house- -
work. Call or address 1309 Stockton st.
R~ESPi!;CTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WANTS A
1 situation to do housework in small family.
Call or address 408 Minna st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
IBST-CLASS COOK WHO IS WILLING TO
do washing wants situation. Call or address
546 Jessie st.
pOLORED WOMAN WANTS HOUSEWORK
\J in a small family; sleep at home. Call lower
flat of 1130 Pacific st.
I.) i: SI-KC T A B AMERICAN WIDOW
.It wishes a position as working housekeeper; had
goid experience in that capacity. Call at 32
Fourth st., room 8. .
"LMRST-CASS DRESSMAKER WISHES EN-
-T pavements to work by the day; terms $1 25.
Call. or address 218 Eddy St., upstairs. .
/ 1 OOD DRESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS
'JT would like a position doing ur. stairs work and
sewing: waaes $'25. Address 504 Sixth st.
\'Ol Glr.L WANTS SITUATION. TO DO
-L general housework or take cure of children.
Apply for 2 days, 257 Clementina st., near Fourth:
pOMPETENT WOMAN, CAN DO AMERICAN
\J and French cookine. nice laundress, go as
working housekeeper in nice family; city orcoun- '
try: kind to children. Cal. 749 Howard st.
B-> GOOD COOK AND LAUNDRESS: FlRST-
class reference. Call 1417 Bush st.
}>EL!ABL WOMAN WANTS SITUATION;
AA> good ccok, baker, and laundress, nationaltv
Sco cli; also girl wants light housework, references. I
Call 457 Minna s;., near Sixth.
STRONG YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK
by day. washing, cleaning, moving. 24 Verona
St.. corner Third, bet. 1-olsom and Harrison.
Y YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN, WITH 4-
year-old child, to do general housework; wages
no object, Call 2028 Scott st.
' OMAN WANTS HoUSKCLEANING OR
washing; $1 a day and carfare. J., box 147,
thisoffic . .
Ci 6 Lo RED WOMAN WISHES DAY WORK,
" .' washing or housecleanlng or washing to do
home. Address M., box 105, call Office.
yOUNG RELIABLE GIRL WI sH KS A PLACE
1 for general housework; willing to assist with
children. Please call 1% BOSS St., near Howard.
\\T ASHING, IRONING OB HOUSECLEANING
it. wanted by competent woman: by day or week.
Cull 136 Seventh st.
/ 1 e MAN GIRL WISHES situation to
' I take care of baby or children. Apply Twenty-
fourth st. and Treat ave., over frultstore.
S( '« iT( ■1 i ■ GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
chambermaid or taking care of children. Ap-
ply s., box 4. Call Office, Oakland.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION I- OK
\J general housework. Cull or address 34 Third,
upstairs.
rp HOROUGHLY' COMPETENT NORWEGIAN
i girl wants sit lation either at housekeeping or
second girl and seamstress, or 1 o do cooking and
I general housework: wages *2. > 10 $30; am exn<—
| iie!ic--d ■ and competent 10 fill either situation ; in
writing please ate a few particulars. Address <>..
box 153, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
0 Catholic woman in a small Catholic family: is
■ very good cook and has best of references: city or
1 country. Address D. F., box 104, Call Office.
Mll>|il.K-Aiil.H LADY, WITH GROWN-UP
■ daughter, wish si 1 11:1! ions in same r house;
mother as housekeeper. tin- srhter as chambermaid
or nurse. Csll -i% Yerba I'.uona St.. off flay, bet.
Mason and Taylor.
KKSI-ICIAIU.I:. MIDDLE- \GKD"~~LADY
■ wants situation .eneral housework, nurse the
aick. or a rood mother f >r nioiherless children; Is
quick ; 0:1 loot; good' references. Please call 241
Fifteenth St., ear Mission.
\Tr ANTKD— MIDDLE" "a*GKD> LADY- WITH
• I several years' exper.eiic? will take char of
an invalid or care of childien going East or to
Europe; wil. give services :■ r traveling expenses:
best of reference •.. -Address A. K., I<>33 Post.
BY GOOD <■ RI TO DO GHNERAL HOUSE-
work and cooking. Call 2917 sacramen.o si.
C'.VI DiSII ~~i ; inL. " R i-f< ->5n t l y '*; FROM IKK
.O- East,' wishes to do cenTal housework, i'le.se
call {•ISsaiicht St.: take Castro or Misaion-st.cars.
. yoUNG WISHKS SITUATION To"l)O
1 general housework and plain cooking. Apply
a-. 1705 Baker at. ; : -,.- ■■■:, :- , : .
}j«A!STERN GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
JJ general housework. Apply 302 Liberty st., near
i Church. . :• ■ •
I'F.CI KNCKD WOMAN. GOOD COOK,
I Ji wants situation in good family 1 only kitchen
j work; :no objection to small hotel : city or country.
j 544 Natotna t.
O(aNI > 1 N VIA« GrBL^ISHKSSITTTATiON
»' to do rejieral housework and plain cooking. Ad-
dress C. box 143. all Office-. • '
TEE SAIS FKAjSCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
hitf atjons WANTKD- Confirmed.
oTTuATION WANTKD BY FIRST-CLASS
k? cook or housekeeper; best : reference. 2612
Post St., 2 days. ■ '■' '■•'■■
YrOUNG LADY OF REFINEMENT WOULD
. like'to act as lady's maid. K., box 112, Call.
DEFINED "YOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSI-
IV tion as housekeeper. Call 15 Eddy st., room
40, second floor. . ,
\'OUNGLA UNDERSTANDS ALL-KINDS
x of housework and sewing, would like apositiou;
small salary and instruction in music. Address
1812 Bush st. .
■THIRST-CLASS-" DRESSMAKER WISHES A
x few more engagements by the day,' $1 50. Ad-
dress I)., box 49, Call Office.
WAN TKD—R K ST A U RANT WAITING,
IT chamberwork or housework , by competent
young woman; no triflers need apply. Call or ad-
dress 139 Fifth st. '
RKSSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
day. Address 416 Grove st.
yOUNO WOMAN WANTS HOUSEWORK,
1 cleaning or laundry work, by tho day. Call or
address 766 Folsom st. , ■•-'.•>:.' ";;
S~WISS GIRL WANTS SITUATION; OEN-
O oral housework in private family. Helvetia
Hotel. 431 Pine st. ■
TJELIABLE WOMAN WANTS CHAMBER-
1\ work: sleep home. Address \V., box 91, this
office.
ADIES" NURSE WISHES A FEW MORE
engag ments. Address Nurse, 408 Gough st.
pOMPKTENT WOMAN WHO CAN DO
V. French or American cooking wants situation;
is first-class laundress: fond of children; will work j
city or country In neat family; moderate wages.
Call 749 Howard st.
L" XPKRIENCED TAILORESS WISHES EN-
-Tj cagemenls to do plain sewing and mending.
Call or address 120% Geary St., room 15.
ELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS
a situation to do general housework. Please
call or address 414 Folsom St., near First.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
IT Market; 200 rooms ; 25c to *1 60 per night: .
$1 CO to $6 per week; convenient «nd respectable:
Iree bus to and from the ferry. '■'■
SITUATIONS Vk as IED-fIIALJS;.
c7cT^O^K ; S^olcr^pTuESncO^lcsTALL
. branches :shorl notice. 14 Geary, tel. Gran; I'J.
UNTER <fe CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
esc employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: teL 23 L
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
d office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
(CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
Vj office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. K. 426.
ITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT
. bookkeeper, salesman, collector or driver of de-
livery wagon; long, general experience in this
city: salary moderate; good references. Address
E. G.. box 9, Call Office. <
yor NO MAN WISHES SITUATION IN A
-I store; good reference. Call or address J. P. T.,
137 Third St., room 9.
TEADY' MIDDLE-AGED MAN, A SWEDE,
O wants situation to wash dishes in the city; good
references. Address E. 8., box 51, this office.
pOACIIMAN WISHES POSITION : FIRST-
\J class New York reference: height 5 feet 10
inches, weight 170 pounds. Address 11. H., box
75. Call office.
AUKIKI) MAN DESIRES A POSITION
handling colts on stock farm. Address M. M.,
box 85, Cull office.
SITUATION WANTED FOR A FIRST-CLASS
~ cook; German: steady and sober; restaurant or j
coffee and lunch house: moderate wages; good ref- i
erences. D. j., box 105, Call Office.
U'NGI.ISHMAN, WISHES POSITION AS
-Ei gentleman's companion or work" in private
family: good references. Address G. C, box 116,
Call Office.
UTLER, FIRST CLASS. WANTS CARE OF
private place: understands all outside work:
goo! references: will iurnlsh bond for faithful ser- ;
vice. Address W. G., box 16, Call Office, Oakland.
} ENGLISH COACi.MAN: THOROUGHLY
-J understands his business, also garden and
cows; first-class references. Address 808, 1649
Everett st., Alameda.
"VTURSERYMAN WANTS SITUATION AS
JL> commercial traveller for nursery or seed mer-
chant. G. KO; UQS, 424 O'Farrell St.
AKER, FIRST - CLASS MAN, WANTS
work; bread or cakes; city or country. Ad-
dress Baker, 309 Third St., Oakland.
OMPETENT COACHMAN WITH GOOD city
references, steady and reliable, wants a situa
lion. Address C. R.', box 136, Call Office.
ELIABLE MAN WISHES A SITUATION;
IV understands care of horses: good driver; refer-
ences. Address 1909 Polk st.
pOACIIMAN AND GARDENER WANTS
\J situation: city or country: best of references. ;
Address MRS. OLSEN, 11 V? Antonio st., off Jones. j
WANTED— TO CARE FOR HORSES AND
'» garden by a middle-aged man who thoroughly !
understands his business: can milk and make
himself useful: best of reference. Address C. 11., '
box 47, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN
couple, no children, to take care of private i
place or fruit ranch: wife is a good cook, man can
do any kind of work. Address J. T., 912 Howard.
■yOUNG MAN WISHES A POSITION AS
-L bookKeeper, clerk or similar capacity. Address I
B. K., box 101, Call Office.
tV ANTED — SITUATION BY FIRST-CLASS \
*» gardener: understands the propagation of I
greenhouse and outdoor piants; also the taking j
care of orchard or a nrsl-c!ass private place. In- j
quird at seedstore, 516 Battery st.
STRONG GERMAN" BOY, 15, WANTS ANY
kind of work lives with parents. 1305 Mission.
AN 35 YEARS OLD, SINGLE, SEVERAL
years' experience in business, wants situation I
as shipping or bill clerk; b"st city references. Ad-
dress K. (... box 35, Call Office. •
f\ E NTL E M A N~~O EXPERIENCE, SPEAK-
VJf Ing and writing English and German with
equal fluency, desires a position as bookkeeper,
cashier or collector in hotel, manufacturing estab- ■
lishment or real estate office. C. P. F., 221 Main st.
OUKKEKPKR WITH COMMERCIAL EX-
perience desires to keep accounts for 2 to 3
hours a day; good reference. Address B. K., box
143 Call Oliice.
JAPANESE HOUSE-CLEANING AND CAR-
V pet; washing windows; any kind of work by
the day. 1600 Pacific ave., near Polk st.
Fixation WANTED— GERMAN. k n er-
nlly useful; good horseman; understands gar-
dening; can milk • city references; moderate wages.
Situation Fosioflice, North Temescal. Alameda Co.
QTEADY'MAN OF 30 WANTS SITUATION
lO as salesman in first-class grocery or boot and
shoe store; was 7 years in grocery, 4 years in boot
ami shoe business: best of references. Address J.
L. SALVAGE, 1045 Market St.
AS NURSE. COMPANION OR VALET TO
j!A. invalid gentleman ; comes well recommended. i
Address V.. box 38, Call Office.
TyANTr.iT— SITUATION by MAN; nurse i
'I or traveling companion to Invalid; can give ,
goo! references. Address 2 Companion, box 17,
North Temescal, Alameda County. Cal.
—— —^ —^^ — ■ — *— — — i—^ HM^^
FEMALE U ISLI* ' WANTED.
E'astk ellpobcoo k i ng AnTTi)O~\VN-
1j stairs work: small American family: $25: see j
lady at our ojflce this morning. MURRAY it !
READY, 634 Clay st.
Q 800 S D GIRL AND SEAMSTRESS; REFER-
O ences; • small family; $20. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay St.
p ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN
VJT general housework;' small family; . country;
$2;>. MURRAY & READY', 634 eta'- st.
■VT EAT • GIRL. REFERENCES, AS COOK
•i-N smaU family; Berkeley; $25; see lady here.
MURRAY A READY. 634 Clay St. "
VTUMBEH OF COOKS AND SKcOND GiRLS,
XI ami housework «irls for the country. MUR-
RAY * READY, 634 Clay St.
ANTED— LAUNDRESS AND WAITRESS,
private family, $20; French, German or Scan •
dinavian waitress and seamstress: coo.c and sec-
ond girl, same house, $40: I'rotes'ant nurse, 1 |
child; (iermaa nursery governess, $25; 3 cooks, j
plain wash. $25; chambermaid, - wait one meal, |
and girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
813 Sutler st. •
VORA CONNERS. THE WAITRESS, PLEASE
i> call; 2 waitresses, city, $20. C. R. HANSKN
& CO., 110 Geary s:.
MIDDLE- A < ii) WOMAN TO COOK, SMALL
. country hotel, $25; a number of house girls,
city and country. $25, $20 and $15. C. It." HAN-
SKN &CO., 110 Geiry si. ■ V- .
ANTED- 4 FRENCH GIRS FoR HOUSE-
-IT work, $25 and $20: Swedish second ii i rl . $25:
French second. $15 to $-0: ■ French maid and
seamstress, $25; German or Scandinavian, conn- (
try, $20; yoiin^ girls lor housework and assist,
$I'}. $12 and $10. .LEON ; ANDRE, 315 Stockton. .
pHA.MBKR.MAID AND SEAMSTRESS. $25;
\J cook. $30: second girl, $2.">; ■ cook boarding-
house, $25: i»ok second girl same house, country.
$25 a-el $15: housework girl, Vaii«;o, $20: " Santa
Cruz, $ 0: " 20 housework girls. city, S. 0 and $2.i;
6 young giris assist, $10 to $15. --Miss CULLEN,
328 .-niter st. ' " : . "
U" -ANTED — WAITRESS AND PARLOR-
m-il'.l, $25: first-class. cook, coumrv, $40;
German cook. .'•'•30: 50 housework girls, $25 and
$20. Apply Ml^> PLUNKET I . 424 Sinter st.
EAD . W \TtK!-:ss 25: 6 WAITRESSES,
-city and country, $.'0; chambermaid to assist'
at waiting, coun.ry hotel, *X5. HOTEL GA-
.ZETTE, 420 Kearny St. '
\\T AMI I)-2 YOUNG NUHsKfiIRLS WITH
.tl: : referenc«'B, $'20; Swedish girl, good cook, small
family, $!!.*>. Oakland reference. 11 % Antonio st., ]
off Jones, near Ellis.  . ••
, PKRIENCED HAND ON LADIES' WRAP-
J-J pers, shirt waists, corded sunbonnets; work by
power oral home. 409 llaye-i..-" .: '- '
\MIRKAN LADY TO do wing fur A
i\ little Kiri adii.ht houseworK. Address 8.,
box 49, Call Office. " ..
01't R ATO I! S™)N B A UCO ATS AND PLAIN
■cwing on -■! at>.! ac -.in--. 422 Turk it,
OOD si K N<; WOMAN TO DO SOUSE- ;!
"X work: suiall nsshiot: 4 in family. 739 Minna.,
VOUNG GIRTTFTfRoIONEKAL HOUSEW'ORK":
1 wages $10 to $12. 1319 Kills st. . > .
\k! ANTED— A, YO i\NG~~FROTESTA»T GIRL
'• for general housework. • 2431 Pacific ave.
G~ IRL FoR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND SEW-
. Ing; sleep noine.-' 650 Va!encla.st.r;
Ii>RKNCH GIRL FOR COOKING AND HOUSE-
-1 work. 2319 Van Ness ave.
■_ 1I ; f»FT,P WANTFD-
WANTED- NEAT GIRL~FOR
»' housework and cooking; $15. 15 Fair Oaks,
near twenty- first.
rr.AILORESS, FINE CUSTOM . COAT*, AT
X pace. 13 Caroline, off Folsom, near Sixth.
Y\r ANTED— YOI'NG GIRL FOR CHILDREN;
.» • wages $10. 1308a Lenvenworth. near Clay.
W ANTED. GOOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM
»" coats; also apprentice girl. 433 Clementina."
CAN DIN AVI AN~gTrL BETWEEN 13 AND
0 15 years old, light housework. 766y 3 l-olsom.
IV A X I : D— GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
•-,«••■- twins. 102 Bartlctt, cor. Twenty-second.
iyANTfcD-AMATEUR DRAMATIC. VOCAL
»» and musical talent. Add. H. W., box 58, Call.
\\T A NTE D-50 YOUNG LADIES WHO CAN
»» ride the bicycle. Address E., box 14, Call.
SALESLADY' FOR NOTION'S AND ANOTHER
kj for nsuslln underwear; also a lady barber. I.
8. Industrial Agency, room 167, Crocker building.
\V" ANT ED-SWISS OR GERMAN GIRL.
'' Swlas Hotel, 627 Commercial st.
YpUN(J LADY TO LEARN DRESSMAKING.
X I^6 Kearny st., room 23.
WANTED— TWO FIRST-CLASS SWEDISH,
»» Norwegian or German girls to go to Xapa who
understand cooking. Call Wednesday and Thurs-
day. after. 10 a. m., at 331 Guerrero st.
LA DIES TO LEARN HAIR-PRESSING,
-tJ. beauty culture, etc. 131 Post St., room 20.
YV ANTKD —IN AMERICAN FAMILY,
■■ " young girl of willing and cheerful disposition
to do plain rooking and cleaning, with care of one
child of 5: nochamberwork; no washing or bak-
ing; wages $10 and carfare monthly: good home
and kind treatment for a girl fond of children and
of lively disposition: references required. Address
MRS. T. V., box 136, Call Office. . ,
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 10 leBsons,9l 60. 1248 Mission.
RESS MAKERS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
xJ quick method of cutting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c un; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy, 213 Powell.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
«» Market— K^aiiric lights In very room 200
rooms: 25c to $160 per night; $1 60 to 96 - per
week : t ">e bus to und from the ferry.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third st.. near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 30 to $6 per
week : free bus to and trom the ferrv. •
* PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
Xx ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms67 and 68.
I A WHENCE PATTERN HOUSE—
SJ rutting school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9th.
MALE HELP WA.IEI).
f*(\ MKN WA^T^D""T6^D^y~FROAnSIT~TO
i U'/ $70 per month and found at MURRAY &
READY'S Employment Agency, 634 and 636
Clay st.
WHEELWRIGHT. $50 AND FOUND: BLACK-
" smith, $5 and found; blacksmith for a ranch,
$30 and found; 3 wire-nail operators, $175t052 50
day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
1 A WOODCHOPPERS, REDWOOD TIMBER;
IV 3 shingle-makers: 4 laborers, $26 ana found;
9 laborers, 81 75 day. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. . ■ :
FARMER AND WIFE. $35: GERMAN FAR-
X mer and wife. $35; 5 farmers, $V!0: Italian
farmer, $125 day. MURRAY & READY', 634
and 636 Clay st. |HGHB3IS9&."^£&
(S COOKS, $80, $36 AND $60; 2 SECOND
U cooks. 835: dishwasher. $30 ami found: 3 wait-
ers, $15 and $30; 2 ironers, #30; porter and pan-
tryman, $20: Herman boy to help In restaurant,
$10 and found; coachman and gardener. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 an.l 686 Clay St.
r; PAINTERS: CITY AND COUNTRY. MUE-
*J RAY & RrfADV, 634 and 636 Clay st.
\\T A NTED-4 FURNACE~MEn7S2 50 A DAY:
» » dairyman and wife for Central America, $60 a
month; must speak Spanish: cook and wife for
boarding-house, $40; blacksmith, $1 a day an 1
board; farmers, $20; printer for country, $9 a
week; tiemakers; vegetable gardener, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & Co., 628 Sacramento.
W A NTED— I2 LA BbR*ERS~FOfrcOU NT BY,
'* $20 and board. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. .
A D COOK, RESTAURANT, $75; SECOND
cook, restaurant, $60: vegetable cook, coun-
try hotel, $45. C. R. HaNSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
OHO RE SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN
— quartz miners; farmer who is a good rubber on
horses, «20 and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
o NEAT HOTEL waiters, CITY, $30. c. R.
£ HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. /
\\J ANTED — WAITER. $30 ; SECOND COOK,
'» institution, $30: man around hospital, with
references, $16; English groom, $30; apprentice,
confectioner's; French bedmaker, $15. LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. . .. - ■
' YY r ANTED— A CHEF FOR PRIVATE FAMILY
■■" In country: S6O a month. Apply MISS
PLUKNETT.424 Sutter st.
l> A RBERS' PROTECT 1 UNION EMPLOY-
j JJ ment. secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS— FUR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
t«tarv Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant ave. S. FUCHS.
UAI'.B BBS' ASSOCIATION OK CAL. EMPLOY-
J-> menu I Sec'y, P. C. Hamann, 238 Va O'Farrell. .
ANTED— A man TO ACT AS OVERSEER
I *' of hogs, out of school hours, and do general
! work at an orohaus' home where there are over
I 200 children; moral and undenominational re-
i ligious instruction to be part of the duties re-
quired; one in middle life with good health, and
who has had experience in the management of
children, preferred. Address Templar, box 66,
Call Office, S. F. . , : ;-. .- .:
WHERE IS THE MAN THAT HASS2MX)TO
'»» loan employer for 12 months, interest at 8
per cent? or will give interest in . the business;
must be sober and honest and give good reference;
duties are timekeeper and assistant: superintend-
ent: from $1000 to $5000 per month will pass
through his hands; location, country; .salary $90 h
month and board. Address W. 1.," box 163, this
oflice.
SIABLISIIED BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE;
fine location; only one in town: must be sold
by April 1, Address W. J. McPUERaON, , May-
field, cal. .- .-..,- - : ■ .. ■ ,
ARTIES DESIRING VALUABLE infor-
raation concerning "Yukon cauntry," the • trip,
etc., can receive such at 839 Castro st.; evenings;
photos to illus'.rate; fee 91. J. B.
W A~NTEfT — ~A~ FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN
who is acquainted with crockeryware, tin-
ware, stoves, etc. Apply 523 Market St., at room
7, bet. 3:30 and 6 P. m.
ANTED — A FIRST-CLASS FURNITURE
*» salesman. Apply WEINSTOCK - LL'BIN
CO., 523 Market St., bet. 3:30 and 6 p.m.
WANTED— MAN AND WIFE; HOUSE FREE
» » In exchange for care of 2 children. 1522 Turk
st-, af.er 1 p. m. .
JAMI'LOYJIKST- EASY WORK; LUCIt A-
A-J live: suit lady or gent. Apply 15 Laskie St.,
j oil' Mission, near Ninth.
j DUSIiEL.MANA.ND PRESSMAN. 14KEARNY
! 1J street. .
V.OUNG GERMAN TO DRIVE WAGON AND
X 'cut meat; must have reference. 2708 Mission st.
qecond hand, baitjbb. iiS7 T EN TY-
-0 sixth st.; call early. .■ .
■pAPKU-HANGr it THAT HUNG PAPER AT
j X 68 Jessie st. Call this morning. .
rrtAiLOB WANTED. 190 JJ-.SSIE STREET.
OOD BOOTBLACK FOR BARBER-SHOP.
10 18 McAllister st.
•YY'' ANTED— AMATEUR DRAMATIC. VOCAL
'' ami rnualcal talent. Add. 11. W., box 58, Call.
PARTNER IN PORK AND DELICACIES
X store: "small capital;- horse, wagon. 235 Third.
THIRST -"CLASS WAITER ~ WANTED] 15
X I Stockton st. :
Q> 1 X/V LAUNDRY ROUTE: GOOD SALARY
»jpj fjyj. to steady Swede. STRAND, 45 Third.
(&OXA ■ PARTNER- IN RESTAURANT;
, tsiAO\). clears $100 per mo. STRAND.4S Third.
K&OAn| STEAD X MAN WANTED AS PART-
'I 1 %J\J\J, hit in genteel cr.sh business: . clears
i $75 per month each; no experience necessary;
I duties to serve customers. STRAND. 45Third st.
•VO R .■ A L I-; — KLEG A NT BAKBEB-8HOP; 6
X 1 years' lease. 131 > >'Farrell st. :'.- :. ;■ .
SOU I', MEAT," BREAD, WITH BEER, WINE
• or Coffee, 6c. MRS. PALY, 619' Merchant st.
\\r AN r ED— FI RST-C L A SS ;M A TO TAKE
•,»».' charge (if . crockery ■: and -, stove ; department :
mast understand business from A.'oZ: permanent-
position ; $1500 per year to right party. Address
F. M.. box 01, Call oflice.
DRY-tiOuD.s SALESMAN; ALSO A WlNDOW-
dneaser, cal .at oner*; als.) a competent saddle
j maker. U.S. Industrial Agency, room 167, CrocKer
liuilriim:. . ■■•-.■ --. r .
OX 'PAINTER^ in 50 PER PAY; lO PAPER-
*-'.» hangers, $4 50 per -day; steady work. 310
butter .st.
|>RKSSER ON COATS; STEADY WORK;
I good wagon. 541 Market st. . .
L'OR SA I.I-— ri!K..P: , nNi; OF THE BEST 4
1 Chairs transient barber-shops In the city. Ap-
ply Call. Office. ■■■- "' "
B' > Y WAN iKD WHO UNDERSTANDS TRIM-:
mlmj cutting on ladl< s' shots. IJ. C. NOLAN &
CO., 541 Market st  : "
EU" waldo hou-e. 765 MISSION. bet.
i-^ 3d nnd Single furnished rooms, night 15c
tosoe; w -ck $1 to $2 60; deal., quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calis; open all night.]
\| EN TO FKED .MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
____' grocers keep it. .
\.\" AXT KD-BEA MEN , FOR EUROPE; AND
' South teas and other ports. 10 S;euart st.,
upstairs. ; . ■, -.. : :T -■ - : .: . ; .-: : -■■ . : •
. V ANTED- FIRST-CLASS MEN TO SOLICIT,
'» orders for . custoni-mado suits at. Wholesale
prices: city and country.- E. H. LEVY, 113 Bush.
VEI.L \V FRONT. 635.CLAY ST.; MEALS,
j*_with collce or tea, Scents. '.'. ■ :
0 A. UBE RsT A !TF. TIOX-TtTI7KT, Al SHOP;
'i » low rent, 406 Castro st ,]nnc. Market ana 17th.
, I?XPSBIENCSD SHOP-i'UTI ; ON CLOTH-
*-* ing; others need not apply. V, 20 Sunsonie st. :: 7 :
1 JEST MKaLON EAKTII : WELL COOKED; 8
■ J-*coors.'s, loc, at Seattle Restaurant. "l»7 Fourth.
W A NTED--SEA MKN ; ORDINARY SEA AND
i . a » green -hands for deeu-water voyages, whaling.
Apply 11 ! rjrum.ii, upstairs. PETER McMAHON
U/ r HAT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
''in 5t . : .,« rooms; best In the city; slngre rooms
20 and 26c a night, 81 a week: meals 10c.
_ " .wtty^w "i*'£ K J!Ir Cont ■' n "^J^^~~>
DO NOT FORGET TO "rTcTAWou WOULD
be done by," and come and see: half-soled .in
15 minutes, done while you wait; all repairing done
by machinery; all repairing at half price; work
guaranteed. 662 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
\\r ANTED-MEN AND LADIES TO LEARN
»» barber trade: only 8 weeks lequlred; tools
given and wages paid for Saturdays and Sundays;
catalogues. a. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard st.
TV" E W A D SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
__ "_ up; men ' hnlf soles, 40c. 1003 Mission st.
EN'S : SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
-I'X nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission, t
17*LCHO HOUSE, 863% MARKET ST.-
--i Rooms 20c., 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $3 week.
\f EN'S i/ a -SOLING 50c: LADTEV^ibc: DONE.
-l-TX while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
©I TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
<fpX large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
OSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST. ; ROOM
Xt 20c to 50c night; 11 I o $4 week; open all night.
ANTED— MKCHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
'ers to call if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections: no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 1 10 smter st.,
\\T ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House propna-
«or, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 100
large room »: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: readius-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
1 MA MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
1 "V/ and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CITjf— SINGLE ROOMS. 16. 20 AND
25 cents per nigh:; SI, $1 25, $1 60 p*r weet
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts. .
\\f ANTEP-MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
'" steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st. ■
L"»REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
X also a botil eof lager, sc, at (337 Clay st.
THY ACME HOUSE, 967 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»» week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dai'y papers. 36 Claf st.
AGENT i HAMKi).
A GENTS— WE HAVJS THE ONLY MONEY- j
-t»- making novelties for hard times; write or
call; our agents are all making money. Alumi-
num Novelty Co.. 110 Sutler St. ■ ■
i FURNITURE WANTED
M^n>NirT~rYT~2(rTETrTi?N T^TIORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth bt.
ash price PAID for FURNITURE. JA-
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
XV second-hand furniture and carpets by J.undy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market st.: call or send postal.
_: HOUSES WANTED.
Vy ANTED— ' TO R"EN^7IO^sTS?OF~3O~b^To
'» rooms north of Market street; good location
for table board or restaurant; rent must be reason-
able for first year. P., box 161. this oilice.
KOOMS WANTED.
F^R^?HTKrT"Ro7TM^oir'Hl)r's r EK^EPING~,
east of Tenth st. P.. box 18. Call.|
! WANTEII- MISCELLANEOUS.
i^OILER WANTED, 40 TO sTTIIfoiRSIiPOWEir;
•> also engine, 3 to 6 horsepower. P. D., box !
153, Call.
T WANT TO BUY A SECOND-HANI) 15- j
X ball pool-table; prefers one that can be turned |
into a billiard-table ; when desired. Address, price
askc-d, S, J. LEGGETT, Yountville, Napa County,
Cul.
YV~r ANTED— JEWELER'S TOOLS; SECOND-
'» hand; viz.: 1 seat bench, rollers, drawbeuch,
polishing machine, etc.; state price. Address T.
8., box 77, this office. ■ . -" .-
WANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
repalrlpg: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny St.. third iloor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
t'LAIKVdV ANTS.
M"" "' MkTTa'v ENX A " RE^D^^O^irTiFE
fluently, lips on races, names given; 25c up.
Removed from 828 Howard st., to 5 Fourth.
p. AC AND $1, ■ ■;-■: 60c AND $1.
<J\J PROFESSOR LEON,
633 POST " ST.
Wonderful power to tell past, present and future;
advice on all affairs: removes evil influence; let-
ters with stamps answered: hours, !> a. m. to Up. M.
IJROF. ZANZIC, THE WHITK MAHATMA
palmist and clairvoyant medium. 315 Ellis
St.. tells past, present and future events with ut-
most truth; sittings: ladies sL'c, gents $1 . . .
DEMEMBEK THE SKKKEss OF THE AGE,
It STARLIGHT, parlor 5, 116a Grant ave.
ME. LEGKTTE; PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
ture; 25c. 311 Tehama St., upstairs.
ME. JiOUEAU. BKST MEDIUM: It £ VEALS
l-a-tt, present and future :25c up. 764 Howard st.
My. i. A RNPT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c »nd 1, shows you the nlctureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MME. PORTER, CARD- HEADER; TELLS
1»X past, present, future; Indies 50c. gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
K~SY P.ILLE — LIFE-READER; PAST,
present, future; charms; fee 50c. 914 O'Farrell
RS. B. BATMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
(liiini[aii(l card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. STEWART THE GREATEST CARD
reader nnd clairvoyant In the world; seventh
daughter: has read curds since 11 years of age; and
mining, lawsuits and marriage: ladies or gems
50c. | 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
\j ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
I'I er by oges and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth- j
ing excepted; names given; pood advice; sure I
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake hn-
possibie: foe i?l : letter »2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
SriKITU
A " ■" A ~A
A PROF. VAN DE VERJfi.
A splendid opportunity to Consult this famous
medium fora mere pittance.
If you would Know wha the future holds for
you call without delay. Advice on all matters. :
PROF. VAN DE VERK. I
1646 Market st. ;
Af RS. FULTON: SLATE- WRITING SEANCE
Itl to-niht; sittings naily. 31 Fell st. J
TO-DAY A I 2 O'CLOCK ■ M Us M A YO-STEERS; j
ladies only; readings dally. 101 Groves;.
rpO-NIGHT — KATIE HUESsM ANN'S TEST
1 meetings. 798Stevenson,ofl'9th.l0th;sittings$l I
A~ TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, HUE,
YOUNG, 605 McAllister St.; skeptics invited. |
EST. dkvkl~pTn.. anT) H EALING CIR- .
cle to-night; 10c. 1207 Market st., room 2.
\ PDIK -WAIN, MEDIUM, HANN BLOCK, !
A Berkeley, -at and Sun.; until then 227 Geary.
} ( E .MA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
-J grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated by.W. H. DBUHfi, at 1207 Market st., r. 2.
GYPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY {S UN-
days Included): 25c. 946 Mission: hours 10 to9.
RS. SEAL.MKDIUM: SITTINGS; TOBACCO
bit cured or no pay;' obsessions cured; dis-
eases of women cured: lira. 10 to 8. 24 6th. mi. 8.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, I I'. A 1 1. V. i'vaNT i
tnncH mod: nm: slttlnes *1. 21 Stockton St. !
; HOUSES.
IF YOr WANT TO BTJY, SELL OR Ex"-
X Cbanee horses, buggies, wagons or harness you j
will lind it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale I
Stable, cor. Geary ancTLeavenworth s!s.; auction
snlcs every Tuesday at 11 o'c:ock. C. It. MARTIN,
proprietor. :S. W ATKINS, auctioneer. ; .
DALE OK EXCHANGE— YOUNG. GENTLE
D mure, with good business buggy; harness. 42
McAllister st.
HOR>ES PASTURED: SliNI) FOR CIRCU-
, lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
I : ( -lass p.vsturagk:~Ti7exty WATER
1 am! feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
QUNSET HORSE MARKf.T, 220 VALENCIA—
0 Horses, mules. wagon*, buggies. and. harness, i:
1 C A SETS NEW AM) SECOND-HAND HA It-;
I O\t ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-waeons-V. 1128 Mission st.'-. ; ■
DK. CH. W l-.si I'll A 1.. V R I ARY suit-
►.eon for S. F. Police Depar'. incut. - Office and
liospitnl, 121 City Hall ave.:.. telephone south 411 1.
40 HOUSES FClti KALE; ALSO WAGO.V'V
ttU biifgies, carts, harness; Grand A rc*dn iloru
Market, -327 Sixth st. : auction sales every We«ue«-
c«v. MI.I.IVAN A DOYLK. Aue;ion.»prs.
I 00 S^TS-. SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL j
J \J\t kinds: second-hand : wagons, buggy, caret.'
«iiii> 1.0 cli"nn liory-i. .- lifueiii.i ami Valencia »tv
V«A>i(.:. '■ &..% v :VAiu.:Aiiii3. "'...
| «OOD LIGHT DELIVERY WAOON; A BAR-
-1 gain. 1110 Bryant st., nr. Ninth.
KsaTe- a 6- - 1 : A . KI) EXTENSION-TO I'
r r.^ckaway. as good as new: cost $6.'iO: will bo
sold cheap. 1 , Also op pole buggy; coat 9300; wi 1
he sold for ; Slo>. ■ Apply, forenoon. NK. cor.*
Broadway and Gough; entrance starve on Gough. ■
■~ ■. -- . ....  i ■".•>7~. ... ■■... ;. -_. ..-
T^T^wI<DX^T)AY AJ^TF^RNOOX! BET.
JM Thirtieth; Ban Jose ave. and Sunnyside, tan
purse containing money and cards; reward. • 453
Polk.- -;: ■ - ; ' .',; i-: •■ '■ ." ...,;; ;■ .; - :
• I OST— BUNDLE CONTAINING 9 DRESS
y-i patterns; also 2 chenille covers.: Finder return
215 Mason st. and receive liberal reward. ,
|;pST-ON OR ABOUT, MARCH 4, 1896, V N-
I Jsion certificate. army Ac June, No. 2^8,626;
Return to JOHN HAM), 1013 Twentieth st., bet.
Castro and Collingwood, city. v - .
I OST-WIH'I . SSI AN TEKRIER; LONG
\J woolly^ hair: reward, v 819 Treat ave. V .
T OST, MARCH 2-MICRO-COPE AM) CASE.
Xj Lfuv at Call office, \ Broadway, .■ Oakland.'
Large reward. .. ; :\ ■'■'../-^, : .V--J. •:••"■ ■ , : :;V :.-.■.■;;.:■•.:;
] OST ALL COMFORT, AND "PLEASURE BY
-I J. not getting \my sho«»3 made to : order . : bv
GEO. BRYANT for $6. 204 ■'» ink st.. near Jones.
- j^^^v-; ".■■:.•:■,■.:.■:. TO LEASE. '.•.•,;■.■■■■:;■■ ;,-■ ■ ;
TO LEAS^sFtTABLE FoTTmTIiTraNCH;
M barn for 60 cows; house 4 rooms; bath. 1613
Market st.
PPSTTJF" mAWKs. -
ATOTICE —TO k SELL : YOUR BUSINESS
■J\ promptly for cash. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny
_>CAA BLACKSMITIIINO AND HORSE-
tJ)O'»U. shoeing business; near the city; no op-
position; clearing $150 per month; owns build-
ings' will remain with purchaser until trade is se-
cured: best of reasons for selling, .-pply W. F.
HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
_♦ XA A STATIONERY, OOLBOO
<_>OUU. candy, has exclusive trade of school near
store; rooms: full value. lI EALY. 23 Ke.-rny st.
anEA PARTNER " WANTED-A1 CASH
Jjs__oU. > business, clearing to each $75 per
month: no night or Sunday work: must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
ARGAINS TO-DAY— KLEGANT LIQUOR Sa"-
loon near Market and Powell sts., 2 entrances;
downtown saloon and lunchhouse, $150: commis-
sion and produce house, short distance from San
Francisco: groceries, liquors and shipping supplies,
city front; partner in saioon, $175. Apply W. F.
HEALV A CO., 23 Kearnv st. _____;'
11TANTED-A NUMBER OF VARIOUS KITTDd
TT of business, for which I have cash buyers, for
quick sales. STANLEY, 3I% Third st.
_"i AA BRANCH BAKERY: GREAT EAR-
«JpIIM». gain: sickness cause of selling. STAN-
LEY, 2 Third st. ' ■■
_1 STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
f!r 1 t)U. lion ston*; stock worth $200; splendid
chance for small investment. STANLEY, 21*2
Third st. . • ■ ' -■'• --■■
"JS-i -t\ LIGHT BUSINESS: SAMK HANDS
«IP-Li.)U. 2 years; easily managed; good living-;
suitable 2 ladio» or man and «ife. STANLEY,
; 21V2 Third st.
<!_1 f\C\f\ RESTAURANT AND LUNCH-
»3rJ-v/UU. bouse: best location; steady run of
trade: will exchange for real estate. STENBERG
CO.. 632 Market st. -.
<&('£. A CORNER saloon, with CIGAR-
»4pU«J''. store: magnificently fitted up: hand-
some clubroom; old-established: popular. place;
receipts average $20 daily; satisfactory reasons
for selling. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
©OAA/i PARTNER IN PLUMBING- AND
<P__UU". gasfltting business; full line steel and
cast I ron ranges, laundry stoves and broilers: in-
voice $6000; established -0 years. STENBERG
& CO., 632 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
PARTNER WANTED— WHOLESALE. RE-
X tail fish and oyster business: located in most
popular and well-known market in city; large
first-class trade; established 30 years. STEN-
BERG »fc CO., 632 Market si.
*ft9nO HALF INTEREST restaurant
«v/U. and oyster- house; best location; Mar-
ket st., near City Hall ; well fitted-up Dlace: pres-
ent owner intends running place day and night
and prefers partner to hired help.' STENBERO
& CO., 632 Market st. .'■■■"..
<£}jir'' BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS;
i ♦4 1 -1 • «'• near2 schools; 3 living-rooms; low rent:
A 1 trade: great bargain. STENBERG _ CO.,
632 Market st.
«S>JP:A CORNER SALOON; HANDSOME
<3D JLOv. place; superb bar fixtures; fine paint>
ings, cash register, safe, etc. ; positively more than
value in sight; investigat on afforded. S'l EN-
BERG & CO.. 632 Market st.
■fflji inn FIRST-CLASS SAMPLE- ROOM,
♦IP A X\f\J . with large patronage; near Examiner,
office: owner 30 years in business: wants to retire:
rare chance. Call 533 California St., Phoenix bar.
Jj« 7p. GOOD PAYING BUSINESS FOR SALE^
BP i O. HEGARTY, 850 Market.
(JTjOiT)" CIGAR-STORE FOR SaijE AT A
t_s_S_j_>. bargain. E. J. HEGARTY, 850 Mar-
ket st.
ffi»OXA SALOON; CHEAP; GOOD STOCK
«IP_j«JU. and fixtures: good location. HEGARTY,
860 Market st. _ . _ _
AGENTS WANTED FOR GOOD SELLER.
HEGARTY, 850 Market St., room 10.
_1 HA BRANCH BAKERY; CENTRAL;
elpll'V/. north of Market. BARRETT & CO.,
921 Market st. ■
(D. I 7~H BRANCH BAKERY; 4 FINELY
«1C11«J. furnished rooms; receipts $4 to $6 a
day: rent $14. BARRETT & BKIFK, 92i Market.
Al\(\ SAMPLE-ROOM ON MARKET ST.,
_' '\J. close to Baldwin Hotel; rent $60: four
years' lease: to be sacrificed: owner going East.
Call 533 California St., Phoenix bar. - ■
\V AN TK D— s2so— PA R'l NER in real es-
»* late business; splendid chance; guarantee*7s
per mon h profit; opposite ferry. B. CURRAN,
223 East s\
Cl»rrC|\ CiKNER GROCERY AND MAR
<IP I O\J. withliring-rooms; rood bar trade: cash
custom; low rent; in very best location: rare
chance. Particulars 633 California St., Phoenix bar.
(2*900,0, HOT E L~FO R SALE; 2-STORY
t\p^\J\J\J. building; new furniture; 22 rooms;
fine bar; 11 years' lease: ground rent $15 month;
18 steady borders; 25c fare to city. COLTON,
90S Market st.
QJT ' AAA THE LARGEST AND BEST-
«]D-L*J.Uv/U. paying beer srrotto and restaurant;
cream of trade: monthly Droflls of $1000 guaran-
! feed; books open for inspection. Address S. G.,
j WILKE, 1148sutterst.
OAA REST A URANT A"ND OYSTER SA-
tjJ)_.UU. loon; best location; fixtures worth
$400: investigate and you will buy. 1035 Market
St.. room 1.
OME SPECULATION IN CALIFORNIA
mine stock; company incorporated, with 7
claims adjoining Iron Mountain mine, lately sold
! for $300,000, in Shasta County. See prospectus
and obtain information at 1020 Market St., room 1.
<Jj99X SALOON; CHEAP; GOOD STOCK
1 tip— *~O. and fixtures; in good location: owner
going East. Call at the place, 1934 Flllmore St.,
Monte Carlo .saloon.
ffiOXfV PAYING DOWNTOWN SALOON;
I «~DO«Jv/. location unsurpassed: day business;
i owner compelled to leave city. Particulars 506
■ Clay st.
'WANTED— PARTNER WITH $250 TO OPEN
.• T store in Stockton : will guarantee $100 each a
month; no competition. Z., box 105, Call Office.
PuR SALE OB EXCHANGE— F I NE~RKSTaU-
I X rant and bakery; living-rooms. Address C,
box 48, this office.
(©I r.(\ SALOON; CHEAP: IN A GOOD La
♦IP A *J\J . cation person ■ going out of business.
Inquire 1169 Mission St., upstairs.
TCE-CREAM,, CANDY an d SODA water
J. business for sale; nice cash trade; must sell;
leaving for Europe. 261 Third st.
T/iOR RENT— FURNISHED HOTEL IN GOOD
X country town. I. N. PATTISON, 19 Montgom-
ery st. -
ARGAIN - DOUBLE DISCOUNTS ANY
other; restaurant for sale; come quick. 112
] Third st.
q_O'_»*V MCE PAYING RESTAURANT: RE-
»IP_-O_>. $16 day; low rent. 402 Geary.
Oil K A RESTAURANT ON WATERFRONT;
W i-O\J. good trade ; owner going away. A d-
dress J. D.. box 151 this office.
\\'Xnted-partn k or would sell
" barber-shop. 17371 _ Market st. :
M.-v LL RESTAURANT: DOING GOOD BUSI-
O ness. Apply 1155 Market st.
DTCHISR-BHOP FOR SALE CHEAP; OWN-
-U er going to Euroue. 1 524 Valencia st.
/ )".(k HEST RESTAURANT IN CITY;
O\J. good reasons for selling. This office.
ru:ST4'l.\ss BUTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE.
V Apply Call Office. : .
yoii SALE-S OLD STAND, 2862
1' Mission st. ' v call from 12 to 1.
pESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION; OLD-
■iX established place. Call at 51 Second st.
ALOON; CHEAP RENT: 2 LIVING ROOMS;
0 big bargain. Apply 939 Pacific st. .
I A P KB ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
! J. Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
\\r ANTED TO SLY A~GOOD BUSINESS 410
' » Kearny st., room 6. '
S~ MALL MORNING AND EVENING ROUTES,
daily papers. , Ap. sto 7 p.m., 1713a 'Buchanan.
_ nAftA INTERIOR AGENCY OF* THIS
j O\J \J\J. paper for sale. j Inquire at this office.
ANTED— TENANT FOR THE McMAHON
.»» House in Hollister: very : favorable lease to
right party; furniture, carpets and fixtures at half
price. Apply to THOMAS McMAHON, 628 Mar-
i ket St. ■■ • .. . .-• • - . ■ " " ■ "•" ■ . ;• ;-. -
rpTTwAGON-MAKF RS- WANTED PARTNER
I 1 in old-established shop in this ■ city; first-class
woodworker preferred. Address P. 0.*8., box 110
j Call.
I?OB "" WALK— STOCK AND FIXTURES OF
I branch bakery, confectionery, notions, etc. : 2
I living-rooms; rent low; I iro->d location; ■bargain;
I price $_.'). - Apply J. P. JOHNSTON . _ CO., 872
l.roadway, Oakland. .
FOB SALE-BRANCH BAKEBY AND -BTA-
F tionery store; cheap. 326 Ninth st. - :
U RKIBH BATHHOUSE ; FOR. SALE OR
A leas* to right parlies; a fine Turkish bath plant
situated in the heart of the city of Spokane; the
I only house of ,t!:e kind in thecitv; the same now
[doing a fine business with bright prospects ■ For
particulars address A: ' A. . BRACKA, 307 Hyde
blotk, Spokane, Wash. .
S '*A LOON: FOR SALE. APPLY AT ANCHOR
O Brewery, 1431 Pacific st. • .'■■-.. ---"■■.
(BOxVi RESTAURANT;. ■ WELL KSTAB-
»4P»J»>V». lisheii; g<ol steady, trade; every
in good running order; ■ sure targain. 126 Ninth.
$900 '■- CIGAR-STORK; GOOD LOCATION
itjP-^VV/. bargain. Inquire 131 Montgomery ave.
IjUSB HOTEL FOB RENT CHEAP; 12 SUN-
A nyside, City. Apply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO..
14 Montgomery st. - ' s -
QMALL FIRST-CLAS.-V DAY SALOON; GOOD
0 reasons for sale. ;Inquire,fruitstore, Bush and
■Dupontata.; ■ all 10 to 12, 3tolp. m. . ' : " " •
y OR SALE-MY RESTAURANT: I HAVE
"1 other business. 1416 Howard or 2831 Sixteenth.'
fl^OR SALK— CORNER GROCERY A ND- BAR 7 '"
X with 6 living-rooms upstairs: > rent chcaD-'Cooj
trade.^ A p| iy at 801-808 Market B t. -,- f
OPI.ENDID b"usTn{ 88 OPPORTUNITY FOR
kj a live man: groc: ry and bar for sale, cheap: 9
living-rooms: rent only $20: good reasons. Apply
this ofiice: principals only. ; ; * v . '■:--, '; .
\ r OB SALE CHEAP:; FIRST-CLASS SA-.00.x7
s I tine cash register, safe ad rooms: must be sold
this week: cause sickness. 'V- Call 209 Ellis st. " ;.■
MACUINE-sHOP. FOR SALE.IN (iOOl) RUN-
ning order and with fine trade; cheap for cash"
or a portion can stpnd if secured. Address L. M
box 152, Call Office. V " r
BAKERY AND GROCERY; 2 NICE ROOMS-
good neighbor; low rent. Apply 655 Folsom.
]/< OR SA -GROCERY AND HOME BAKERA ; ;
:1- a bargain. 618 Geary at.
l"; ; '■-:" -•:•'■ -:--■"'■ *- .'••;-■■'. I" :•■-■'-, :". -:
BfSTNKSS CHANBKS-Cnntlnnoit.
aa^g?_B&'a-a- ! S-iAsK^
$450. ST__ K ftSi2iB i iV^
Third st. - ' ■ ' . —
"rnii-A CIGAR". STAND. -AND LAUNDRY
100. ollice: bnr-ain if sold this week: .owner
gWgto Alaska SIRA.ND A- CO, 45 Third St.
J. . ) - - sTlo'6 X" ME N , ATTENTION - SA-
$275. loon: >o. 1 lon s>y« I ?S l _fjg !
value insight; great bargain. SIRAND&CO..
45 Third st. . _';
— — rf STAUR ANT • AMONG daj -trade;
$450. safe houses: near Market st.;. lay trade:
clears $100 to $150 per month : great bar S «h, on
account of departure. SI KAN D CO.. 4a J^niro.
£ .Q7' FRUIT -TORE; 3 LIVING-ROOMS:
ifrOtO. clears $75 per month ; ■no «££"££"<
cheap rent: bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 lhirdst.
(_? 1 Cif\(\ LIQUOR - STORE; TRANSFER"
.frlOlHl.roni.-r: full value in stock, _etc..
largetrade;4rooms. sTKAND CO., 45 Third.
t_/'AA SALOON AND RESTAURANT;
&UUU. transfer corner; receipts $20 per day;
well fitied-up: full value; rlniis $150 per month;
a positive bargain. STRAND &. CO.. 45 Third St.
AR-A SALOON; i J.D ESTABLISHED COR-
C 1 i OU. ner; steady paying business: well fitted
up: long lease; reasonable rent: owner l a v ' n ?
city: full value. Apply IRA ND & CO., 45 1 hir.l.
EUCACY-STORE AT BARGAIN; OWNER
U isleavi- gcity; good location; nice rooms. 305
Leaven worth st. __^ ,
_ i- A FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT AND
<3)*i«Jv/. oyster place: everythinp new; best lo-
cation in tne" city;" low rent: notnfl-rt need an-
swer. Address R. R., box 147, Call Office. ■:.:'-■...-■ .
(SiAOZ. RESTAURANT; JUST THE PLACE
»l>4_o. for man and wife; well established; re-
ceipts daily $.0 to $.5; full Investigation allowed
for one week; rent only $25. paid up until the lOtn
of April. 513V2 Jones St., near Geary.
OL'O^A PARTNEIt WANTED FO '. WOOD
<P__OU. and coal yard; must understand read-
ing and writing; can clear $75 a month. Call 81U
Sixth st. . ' — ■
DAPER-FLOWER STORE; STOCK AND FIX-
L tures for sale cheap. 525 Taylor st.
_ fin A DOWNTOWN SALOON: GOOD LO-
tjpOUU. cation; day business. Cull Office.
<_ ( )f\(\ eA LOON AND LUNCHHOUSE. IN-
_»Ul'. quire 49 Stevenson st. _.
PARTNER. GOOD BUSINESS; YOUNG MAX
''"A- preferred; furniture and storage. 414 McAllia-
ter st. ■ ■ .
1?OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— CORNER SA-
' loon; established for years; finely fitted up and
carrying large stock and leas-: cheap rent; good
location; near. Market; no agents. Address S. H.,
box 6, Call Office. ■
17oR SALE-GROCERY AND BAR. 721 POLK
C street. '
IJUTCHER-SHOP; CHEAP: ON ACCOUNT
J> ofsicKness. 1808 Howard st.
p ROCERY ANDISAR; AND «"A' ON;
vjr 3 years' lease: no opposition. Apply. Califor-
nia Brewery, Douglas and Diamond sts.
LURST-CLASS SALOON: CHEAP; FINR
JT cash register, safe and private rooms. 209 Kills.
_O_€ilT*»i-_OU!S_S FOR SALE..
coTtNTiR^ToTsET 20 roomsT'ai>
&OOV. ways full, clearing $50 month; 13
rooms, fine location: 36 rooms, only $750: 8i)
rooms, clearing $200 month, $2800. HEALY &
CO., 23 Kearny st.
"VrOTrCE— IOO LODGING-HOUSIiis FOR SALE
-i-> from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
r\-RiiOM CORNER HOUSE..... $5000
v" 40 rooms, clearing $150 per month.... 40J
21 rooms on Eddy street, only tO!)
19 rooms on Sutler street, payments 1000
16 rooms on Taylor stree. 750
45 rooms on Market st 2500
12 rooms new and good on Mission 600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opposite Fifth si.
_QQ-- 10-ROOM HOUSE ON SIXTH ST.
tjp___- _>. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
,i i\f\ BARGAIN: 12 ROOMS; HOUSR
•jptlUU. finely furnished; central location;
clearing $40 month; rent $40. BARRETT _
SKIFF, 921 Market st.
_QFvflA 40-ROOM HOUSE, CLEARING $150
»TpO»)UV». to $200 per month : low rent: every-
thing complete lor not el: bargain seldom met with;
Investigate. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market st.
ROOMING-HOUSE : 30 K' O_4»; CHEAP FOR
-ft cash: good paying house, N. of Market st. Ap.
ply 110 Sixth st.
4r,;n 20 ROOMS: FINE FURNITURE;'
UrUOVJ. rent $75; bargain. Call 218 Eddy st.
Q«O/f A CUZY 9- ROOM LODGING-HOUSE ;
»]ntJ"±\7. tine transient location. 402V2 Geary st.
pOOMING-HOUSE: 22 ROOMS: CHEAP FOR
Xv cash; no exchange; clears $126 month: can be
investigated; no agents. L. H., box 8, Call Office.
fflj-AA ON ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUiU-
(JIUIf. ness: 45 rooms; clearing $100 par
month; $500 cash, Dalance installments. 115 Sec-
ond st. ,
BARGAIN; $300: 26 NICELY FURNISHED
rooms: fine location on Market St.: departure.
Apply Call.
d); OX A HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND B_mH; ALL
jjyOO\J. newly furnisned. 35 Taylo-T^
1 A-ROOM. FURNISH ROOMING-MOUSE;
1U all full. Call 1537 Mission st. >'W
OAO FOURTH— NEW HOUSE ; WELIXnGHT-
OUOed: room rent reduced. Apply V« J. DE-
MARTINI, 317 Washington st.
1- lil >.H ..r; l\>li SAL*:.
H njnL^r^RA^K^YTTPu3tNlTU__' r _ND" ri __S
• cling; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779Missioi.
URNFTURB OF HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS FOR
_ sale. 913 Howard St.
IRE SALE ! . -.
Prices stand till coods are completely dis-
posed of. .
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed 10unge5....... 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard. : .. 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, per yard....... ...; 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at, SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN. :
inn CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $17;
"IV'U stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed- ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW........ $75
Bedlounges trimmed with plush.... .ss*so
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid. 40c up
Window shades In 5 colors 25c up
SHIREK _. SHIKKIv, 747 Market st., opposite
Grant avenue; no branch ores.
£„_*»_&' C_'_AM>'G.^
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CAKI'KTIIEAT-
vX ing works: latest improved machinery; Sc yard.
G. GEORGE.ofhce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
C^ARPETS CLEANED. So PKR YARD; KE-
\J laid, 5c per yard. S. TTON, 19 Eighth.
IT Y STEAM ca RPETOLEANING.RENOVA-
) tins;, 38 Bth. STEVENS, m«r. Tel. south 250.
/-A RPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
v like new. FERGUSON it CO. 23 Tenth: tiL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors.
T E. MITCHELL C A R PET CLEANING CO.. 210
0 . 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPI ST BEATING ANDREN-
• ovating works. Stevenson: tel. south 223. '
.RATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND REN<>
li vating Works HAMPTON _BAH_Y : layln;
»nd alterins;. 313-315 !<uerrero: Tel. Mission 24;.
WHE JX YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
. ™" poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PloneerCa.-
ret Beat in-: Works, 553-7 Tt__; '.ei. So-40.
|-AON___PB CARPET BEATING WORK... _„ :
< I <;o'fi.. n Gate arc. : tPlenhor»» east 126. -
IOK .'. >AL_— LAN— UUS.
T OUXGE, BEDSTEAD.BUREAU AND WASH
JU stand, cheap. -326 McAllister st.
W ILSHIRE SAFE, COST $85, FOR $35. 328
>> McAllister. : :.--...-.- v .■■■, ■;■ .
1 &O^k RIGH GRADE $105 PNEUMATIC
±OUU safety for $35. 328 McAllister st.
NEW TYPEWRITER FOR SALE CHEAP.
i-' 410 Keurny St.. room 6.
ICYCLE ALMOST NEW, 'y5 FOWLER;
strongest and best wheel made: perfect condi-
tion; a bargain. Apply Cash, box 100, call Office.
]"Al.((iV BICYCLE— I69S MODEL"; GOOD
X condition.; 55 First st.
GOOD 1 N'CUBATOR . Fol~soo KG Us FOR
sale cheap. Address 1113 Nebraska st.
fnOR SALE Oil BA P: BUSINESS BUGGY;
X almost new. 2-0 Thirteenth St., nr. Howard.
I MPROVI D RELIABLE INCUBATOR: 300
J eggs; thoroughly tested: almost new. 1324 Pine.
GOOD DOM EsflC SEWIN(S-MACH INE.WITII
VJ all attachmeuts, for sale reasonable at 818
Trent ave. . ..: .
TTSE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
*J bitters in niarketiouy your wines, liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine .Vaults: ■ free delivery city, Oak-
land. Alanieda. ITTZ.MAX it SCHURMANN,
prop.. 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391.
1,-UILDINGS BOUGHT; . LUMBER, SASHES
■' • doors, mantels, etc.. sale. 1166 Mission.
:\i LACKS ITH -SHOP OUTFIT. OB G E
i iJateani pump. bollerJL-eiiaino: duap. 516 Mission
BU Y , YOUR BABY < ' A : : f A Ks AND RAT!
tan furniture; at" the factory and save middle- ;
man's profit ; we will treat you. right. CALIFOK-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. Mission.
BOOKS AT. GREATLY, REDUCED PRICES?
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth si. •■ . .
ONE SMALL • AIKDi CM AND LARGE SIZS .
hre and burglar proof safe. ' -09. 11l Market s",.
L"IRE AND BURGLAR SAFI-., LETTKI6.
l press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay. :
\TE\V RANGES ' CHEAPER THAN SECOND.'
i-i i hand. W. S. [;.\\ fa- Co., 12 California s_
i aOUNT E R S, "if HELVING, SHOWCASES
' 1 bought and «old 1121V a Markßt bei.7tband a
B.CVCL.KS. '~
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET-
best accommodations. Terminui Gaarr __
AlUaterand Powell »u car tinea.
; Q a— Wl-«G BlAC.MlN_si
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. •! SOLD, EXCHANGE DL J
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth ailHOCSF^ TO LET.
(UY) FKi L T R °OM-, i-.ATI! ; M.\ NY YABDj
yjyj'J rent reduced. .
1 107 II<nVAUU - KB. 7*-— 6 NICE ROOMS.
XXv > bath, patent water closet; sunny yard; $18.
*;AQ FIFTH— B ROOMS, BATH; REASON-
>-rVO able. J. WHITNEY. 1201 Webster st.
A PPBKCIATED IF SEEN: 829V. SUTTEE j
■**-»*., nr. Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker. '
Of||' LEAVENWORTH, NEAR BTJTTEB--lt)
UvU sunny rooms and bath; 1 month's rent free. . I
1 707 JONES ST. ; SUNNY ROOMS; RENT !
X • v I $15: near Broadway.:
QTYLISII MODERN HOUSE, 3022 CLAY—
0 9 rooms, bath, garden, etc Call on BALD-
WIN £ II A M M 1 ) M 10 Montgomery St.
HOUSE OF li ROOMS: BATH AND YARD; !
rent $15. 147 Valencia st.
' fIM O ELEVENTH AVE., COR R. B. AVE.;
'. LO. 10 rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 534y 2
■ California st.
j.)ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
■ 'contented: house rented from BALDWIN &
A MM ON I >, 10 Montgomery at. •
- "~~ ** *" *"^ mm^ mm — ** "— "^"" —^— *^ " *™ '^ — —
KUKMSHED HOUSES.
' V I NISHED COTTAGE ; 6 ROOM B |
_> $40; no young children. 1914 Lyon su
L7L. PARLOR FLOOR, FURN. OB UNFURN.:
l-i adults or doctor: flat 4 rooms: refs. 203 Taylor. I
COTTAGES TO LET.
*< 1 *)~\() K °OM COTTAGE, WITH BATH, I
I— «>v'. in Potrero, near sugar refinery; a
bargain; on easy installments. Inquire 410 Kearny '
Bt. , room 6.
,_• I 1 NEW COTTAGES; BAY-WINDOWS; 4
CD X -1. . rooms. Point Lobos ave. and Collins st.
UNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; 6
0 large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
J?J-ATS IO JLE'_ .
U" 7. PERRY, NEAR THtRD— BAYAV'IN-
I dow middle flat, 5 large sunny rooms: bath.
BOWIE AVE.-BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 3
rooms: cheap rent,
BURNISHED FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; BENT
cheap, or for sale. 820 Howard.
"] CIOI ELLIS — UPPER FLAT, 5 ROOMS;
-L«J_LG2 latest improvements; rent low; tfood
tenant.
CjQ 3 ROOM-FLAT IN GOOD ORDER. 1623
C'O. Eddy st.
SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 7 ROOMS AND
0 bath; 327 Tenth St.; rent $25. Apply DAVID
STERN & SONS, 20 Montgomery st.
1 OWER FLAT: 329 TENTH ST., BET. FOL-
XJ som and Harrison; 6 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. Apply DAVID STERN & SONS, 20
Montgomery st.
OUSE, 7 ROOMS. BATH-, FLAT, 4 SUNNY
rooms, bath, garden; $16. 1706 Post st.
Qlfl THREE-ROOM FLAT. 1235 MISSION
t^px V. St.. near Ninth.
■V"EW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH, WATER
.--> free. $12. 529 Ivy ave. ■ •
9 FLATS; 4 AND 5 ROOMS: 812 AND 812V a i
+-j Jessie, nr. Ninth: $12 and $14: key at grocery.
9f)7-209 WEBSTER— SUNNY FLATS OF 6
*-\J I and 7 rooms: modern conveniences; rent
reasonable.
QJJ9A FINE UPPER FLAT 8 ROOMS AND j
<IP-""» bath. 1029 Valencia, near Twenty-first.
CO (' UPPER FLAT 6 BOOMS. 106 MORRIS
<pXU. ave., near Sixth and Bryant sts.
"V"ICE SUNNY FLAT OF 5 ROOMS, IN GOOD
— 1 order; rent $12 50. 224i,i O'Farrell su
1 1 9»3 MCALLISTER ST.— UPPER FLAT : j
XX_-O modern; 7 rooms and bath; $30. G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
VEW BAY-WINI/OW FLAT; 5 LIGHT i
— > rooms: $18; bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom,nr.sth. |
"I fOQ MCALLISTER ST.— LOWER FLAT; 7
X iOt' rooms and bath; $27 50. \
Q Q UPPER FLAT: 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 5
CO. Everett St., near Third.
I X i 1 EDDY— NEWSCNNY CORNER FLAT;
X iJ'i. JL 6 rooms; latest improvements; basement, j
<Bj> I C ONLY- FIVE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH; j
O-L*-' fine basement and yard; 217 C'ollingwoo.l
6t., near Nineteenth and Castro. - BALDWIN it
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL FLAT — 6 LARGE SUNNY
rooms, bath and laundry. 1515^ Mission St..
near Eleventh.
VEW SUNNY FLAT-, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; ;
' -L> was $20, now $13 50: Castro cable; see photo- 1
graph. HOVEY. 508 California st.
A EW, MODERN. SUNNY, UPPER, CORNER
tlat; 6 rooms; bath: stable. 1232 Eighteenth.
9 ELEGANT NEW FLATS: 6 AN D 7
— rooms: all mod rn; snn in every room: on elec-
tric line: the best location in the Mission. Twenty-
fifth and Folsom.
LEG ANT FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH; j
ail latest improvements. 7131/2 Grove st.
9'J CA ELEGANT SUNNY MODERN i
«_ — O.OVJ. flatopp. Jefferson square; 5 rooms,
bath. 92 Golden Gate ave. 1
I7EW gTEPS ROM CITY HALL: 2 ELEGANT j
£ fiats; 5 and 6 rooms. 10 Grove st. I
; /■•fofc-'AYES, COR. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS ''
\J~i~Ab- 3 and 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc.
pOZYj FLATS: SUNNY. NICE location-. :
\J 4 and** rooms: bath; Hanover pi., off Sacra-
mento, below Mason. Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4.
M OST DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS, j
wi;h bath and all modern improvements;
1635 Bu&hsu; rent $30. MADISON A BURKE, I
sgents. j
BAEY HAPPY; Mamma SATISFIED: papa j
contented; flat rented from BALDWIN *.
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery su
I^LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE- j
J low Bryan:. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
— ~— —————————— — — — — — — ■^ — " ~~*~ l ;
~^~' hOtsEKtiil'lXi KOUJIs.
California Street.
9Qn i CALIFORNIA — 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
_-Ov'tt nished rooms: closets, bath, crate.
Eddy Place.
9Q EDDY — CHANGED HANDS; LARGE
— ') room, light housekeeping; single rooms; rea-
sonable. >
Ellis Street.
Z.(\A ELLIS— FURNISHED PARLOR WITH
UUI light housekeeping; also room with stove.
I-'oisom Street.
QIA FOLSOM — SUNNY ' FRONT AND
OIU kitchen; furnished complete; no children.
Fulton Street.
IAD FULTON— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR {
JI UO housekeeping; gas, etc: reasonable.
Oolden date Avenue.
CAO GOLDEN" GATE AVE.— TWO SUNNY
OU.J housekeeping rooms, $15: single, $5.
howard Street.
n>)' HOWARD— SUITE OF HOUSEKEEP-
i/Dt) ing rooms; parlor floor.
Larkin Street. .
• 1 9*4 PARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED j
u_->J suites: single: running water; bath; gas. I
' Leavenworth street.
Q/i 4 LEAVEN WORTH — FURNISHED
*L.\J'l rooms for housekeeping.
Minna Street. -
ml MINNA— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
'£ ini: suite, $2 25 week; bay-window house-
keeping room. $2 50 week: single, $1 week.
31isslon -t reel.
Q/-J-I MISSION — LARGE SUNNY SUITES,
JDI also single, housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
~ " Ninth Street. —
91 NINTH - BAY-WINDOW SUITE FUR-
_-Jl nished for light housekeeping; also other
rooms. ■* •
\ -i C\r-\ NINTH— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
L—Xi-i ing and single rooms: bath; cheap.
Scott Street.
II Q SCOTT— I A HUE SUNNY ROOMS FOR j
HO housekeeping; partly furniined. - I
Seventh Street.
1 Of 4 SEVENTH— ONE LARGE FURNISHED j
IoD housekeeping room; $7 a month. .■-
Sixth Street. -
OI Cl SIXTH-NIC ELY FURNISH ED FRONT
ZlOa rooms with kKcht-n; rent reasonable.
tevensoit Street.
On') STEVENSON*. BET. SEVENTH AND
U* '— Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
ba'. h: central. ?- ■■' ' ■ ■
Stockton Street.
/•I 1-613 STOCKTON, NR. PINE-FLOOR 3
Oil and 4 unfurnished rooms; yard.
i bha si ockton-2 nice sunny house-
-lO— keeping rooms, complete, cheap: , single.
__  Taylor Street.
rip TAYLOR -FRONT ALCOVE SUITE:
01 D also 2 housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
Tehama Street. -
4 Of* TKHAMA-NICELY FURNIS H K D
i_'> rooms, with range, from »6; suites, $10;
private. ' J
1 a TKHAMA-2 OB 8 " SUNN Y ROOMS;
'i IO well furnished; complete for housekeeping.
■ . 1 uric Street. :
on" TURK-FRONT ALCOVE ; ROOM, NICE-
OUO ly lurnished. with kitchen, bath, gas. ' -
Van >ess Avenne."
"IH9I VAN NESS aVK-NI<ELY FUR- •
J''_-J nished room: running water: gra e. ■
'" looms to Lfci. :
1 ddy Street. . . . ;
1 1 O EDDY-NEW' FURNITURE; .CLEAN
1.10 beds; sunny rooms: $5 up; front, $8. _
_?1/|B&Dx-LAR6JC, : SUNNY, BAY-WIN- 1
DIU dow rooms; furnished; gentleman.. | 1
ROOMS TO JLET-Continned. *
Eighth Street.
OHF.RMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 2!? BTH
0 at., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
THE RAMON A. ISO ELLIS ST.. WAN FRAN-
X Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just j
opened; a newly furnished, well appionted, quite '
house; containing 150 rooms, large and small,
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and elec-
tricity, hot and cold . running water in each
room; elevator and tire escapes: situate conven- j
ient to the business center of the city, principal J
hotels and theaters; electric cars direct to Jerry
and park pass the door. "
/">♦_>_> ELLIS-LARGE SUNNY ROOM. ~~~
COO ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— SUNNY BAY-
\JOO window room; kitchen: complete.
Geary Street.
*M O GEARY— ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE OF j
01.0 bedroom and parlor; also suites and single. j
"1 1 A] GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AVE.. THE* !
XXUJ Martinet; first-class modern apartment- i
house: rooms en suite and single: new house; ele- !
gantly fitted: breakfast if desired. 1
olden (•ate Avenue.
9 €>ft GOLDEN GATE . AVE. — PLEASANT j
OO\J sunny room; private family; $6.; '
GOLDEN GATE— LARGE FRONT AL-
iJ~.*j cove suite.
Hickory Avenue
"I 9Q HICKORY AVE.- LARGE SUNNY
i_.O front room, suitable for 2: reasonable.
Howard Street.
7ft A. HOWARD. COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
* Ui nished large front room--, first floor; suit-
able clairvoyant or dressmaker; also housekeepg.
"I AKGE ELEGANTLY FURNISHED FRONT
JLi room; bay-window, grate, etc.; privileges: j
rent only $8 to a permanent party. 923V_; How- 1
ard st., near Fifth.
Jessie Street.
AOZ JESSIE, NR. MINT— PRIVATE FAM-
trOiJ ily: a sunny single, room; rent $5.
Joues Street.
9H7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW ;
_U I management: elegant tunny suites and j
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 810 to S3O.
,l "1 r JONES— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS, j
■_tX«J single and en suite; terms reasonable.
Keaniy street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
J\- ant sunny rooms, en suite and -ingle; first class j
id every respect : terms reasonable. I
Lungton Street.
A X LANGTON-SUNNY FRONT ROOM TO
trO let; private family; suitable for 2. .
Market Street.
fTQ'7 MARKET— THE ESMOND, OPPOSITE i
101 Grant ave.: newly furnished sunny suites j
and single rooms; rent reasonable.
YOStMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
Bight, 35c to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Minna street.
nnrr MINNA, COR, EIGHTH- NEWLY FUR-
UU«4 nished bay-window rooms; $1 week; tran-
sient.
Mint Avenue.
<)_« MINT AVE.— FURNISHED SUNNY BAY- j
—.1 window suite, $12; also others, cheap. ;
Mission street.
Ol Q MISSION — MONTGOMERY HOUSE:
01 0 nicely furnished front room, cheap.
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Montgomery Street.
1 Q MONTGOMERY ST.. OPPOSITE LICK— '
JLO Finely furnished rooms, en suite and single: |
from $*> up. ' - 1
Ninth Street.
-I 9£l NINTH — NICE LIGHT AIRY FUR-
JL— .U2 nished rooms; single or en suite.
O'l-arrell Street.
097 O'FARRELL— WELL-FURNISHED SIN-
«-)— < 1 'gle room, $& a, month.
Tine Street.
/?91 PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN, $6
U—X up; gp,s, running water; quiet. j
Post Street.
cno POST— NICELY FURNISHED, SUNNY
OUO rooms; by day or week; reasonable.
f-Q1 POST— NICE ROOM FURNISHED FOR !
00l housekeeping; gas, running water and |
bath: $9 month; also small room for single, $5
month. . .
J'oirell Street. .. .. liC-'v;
91 C POWELL — SUNNY, QUIET, FUR-
— . 1 0 nishea rooms: $8 and $10.
Kausch Street.
BBAUECH, NEAR HOWARD-3 OR 6 NICE
unfurnished rooms: large yard; cheap rent. .-
Buig Street.
91 BUSS - LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
— X room for gents or couple; bath, closet,
Stockton street.
.lfi.9 STOCKTON — SUN N Y FURNISHED
aU_i rooms, $8 and $10 a month.
A"I 7 STOCKTON— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
_tX'l room, $10; single, $5 or $6; 2 unfurnished.
Sutter street.
1 9n?\ SUTTER— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
JL _.UtJ furnished or unfurnished: new flat.
Taylor Street.
"I 99 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
J. _.-. ny rooms.
A 1 A TAYLOR— NICE BACK PARLOR. SUIT-
tbXU ablo for lady; bed lounge; $8.
Tehama . Street.
mTEHAMA — 1 OR 2 FRONT ROOMS,
furnished; no objections to some cooking;
rent $5 tosB.-- -. ■ .-•■■.•
: Third Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market: most convenient and respectable; 200 j
rooms 25c to $1 60 per night : «1 50 to $8 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r'm: free bus.
Turk Street.
"1 9f» TURK— FRONT SUNNY ROOM SUIT-
-1 — U able for gentleman: $6 per month.
Twelfth Street.
4 TWELFTH ST., COR. MARKET—
1 front room, nicely furnished : suitable married
couple; $8. -
Miscellaneous.
TPULTON HOUSE, OPpT CITY HALL— FUR-
J nished rooms, single and suites; $8 and $16, up.
4 vVEKK S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
-A. WEEKLY CALL, In wraDDer. for mailing.
£UAKU:.V(i AM) iiUUlb.
7*To S 'GISARY "— PLEASANT SUNNY~ROO"m;
OJLO good board; private family; terms reason.
able. ■ .--■■•'' -.'■■-'•
I~K9 i MISSION ST.— 2 LARGE HANDSOME-
I.'.)_*I ly furnished parlors, bright and sunny;
must be seen to be appreciated; fine view; suit-
able for man and wife; board and rent 25 each.
Q1 NATOMA— SONNY ROOM; SINGLE AND
OX double: $1 up and board.
QAA VAN NESS AVE.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
>jUU nished rooms; sun all day; board optional.
1 41 A, OCT A VI A— LA E SUNNY FRONT
JL"xJLU alcove suit, with board; also single rooms.
1 1 d TURK— REMODELED— NEWLY FURN-
XXOished suites and single; first-class table board ;
"VTICELY FURNISHED " BOOMS; UNSUR-
i.i passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 per nio <th. Hackmeler's Hotel.
B~ EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month, at Uackmeier's Hotel.
GEORGE GRUENIG, Proprietor. '
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL. 123-129 EDDY ST.;
Jtl new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
em conveniences. ■ - ' ■ ■ --' ■' ■ '•
CHILDREN BOAKUKI).
CARE;
VJ ref ence: terms reasonable. 1132 Shot well st.
NE OB TWO CHILDREN WANTED TO
board: girls preferred; not under 5 years of
age. Apply this office. -
ady With her own home wants A
few children to board. Address E. M., box 49,
Call Office. __^
AIT ANTED— 2 CHILDREN FOR BOARDING;
. » » will receive mother's care. *■ Apply 14 Chatta-
nooga st. -..: ■ ; ■■'-. '' -.'-■.;■-'.■-;' ■'*
\ r ( >u NG married woman would LIKE
1 child to board; terms sB. 1709 Lexington
avenue.,::'. '- ■- ■-. ' '"' ■'-"■ .■■ ■■'' -. '■ ' --' .' v : .?'-^
OOD HOME FOR INFANT: TERMS MOD- I
v J erate. 1014 Jackson, bet. Powell and Mason.
"STOKES TO LKT.
41 D in rear; rent low. t Apply to G. H. >UMB-
<EN & CO.", 14 Montgomery st. :.- > " -
UFKEGJCS f TO. LET. .{; '
rvCKTiXvr rrKF7ri-nr~TNir~ia?R « i shed
EJ rooms at 850 Market at., corner Stockton. '
* STABLES TO LET. y : : : : .
S^TABLE " OR STALLs'.TO^I^-COvisBED
yard. 313 Franklin it. Hjffig,
Tnt SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, J896.
PERSONALS.
A CviUAINTANCE WITH A WORKING GIRL
-cv desired with view to matrimony by respectable
Irish workiugman from country. C. D., box 144,
Call Office. ■ : - :m: •'*."■: " .:■" '■•■*:: ■..*■>£■.
A DVICh; FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
-TV law, damage suits, insolvency. , Knight's Law
and Collection Agency, 1001 Market st., SW. cor.
Sixth st. .- . ■ .. .-•-.»
IV" ATION AL BASE ORE REDUCTION . COM-
J-y. pauy's stock for sale. Apply in person to K. T.
BLAIKIE, 1365 Sixteenth St., West Oakland.
INFORMATION WANTED OF DANIEL
X O'BRIEN, late of Vancouver, Washington. Ad-
dress his mother. MARY DONOVAN, 1717 Eddy.
RAO CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth at.. Oakland, Cal.
IF THIS MEETS THE EYE OF MAGGIE
X O'CONNOR, late of Baldwin Hotel, please ad-
dress A., box 1, Call Office.
\\T IDOWER WISHES TO MAKE acquaint-
' » ameof lady over 35 years of age; object mat-
rimony. Address F., box 73. this office. ■/■..',
AN FRANCISCO, MARCH 9, 1896.— HAVING
no further connection with Albert Schutes, I
will not be responsible for his actions. J. A.
SCHALICH. .--■ . -
TNFORMATION WANTED OF SAMUEL J.
X PURSGLOVK. 1870 or 1871 at 121 Berry St..
San Francisco; -1876 said to have gone to White
Plains. Address MRS. L. FAURIE, 2112 St.
Claude at., New Orleans, La, ■
SAN FRANCISCO. MARCH 8, 1896— MY WIFE
MARY LA VI. MA having left my bed and
board without provocation. 1 hereby caution the
public I will not be responsible for debts contracted
by her from this date. JNO. J. COLEMAN.
HAVE YOU LETTERS SHOWING YOU ARE
entitled to money in England and want
money? 214 Post st. .
A DVICK FREE; DIVORCE. LAWS A SPE-
-M- cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
COME TO MY HAIR-DRESSING PARLORS
t once and you will come again, the prices are
so moderate and the work so thorough; 25c for
hair-dressing, includes waving and enameling the
face. G. LEDKRER, 111 Stockton st.
"l ( inn cards, $1 50: show cards, 15c:
-1-V'V/U tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
Jb. l. CASCADE TREATMENT WONDER-
• ful; triumph over disease without medicine;
removes cause. R. JACKS, agent,' 214 Braunan.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR PERMANENTLY RE-
O moved from face or limbs without injury oy
MME. WAMBOLD; consult free. 1 161/2 Fulton.
T)IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW eve-
X» ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
. advertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
uess. . Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market.
T ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
XJ superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. K. H. HUBBARD, 923- Market st.
rOR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
J STRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening.
classes: instructors. .1. 11. E. Partington. Gertrude
R.L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
Mrs. STEWART. MANICURE and chirop-
l'X odist: 50c and and $1. 1201,'a Geary st..r. 10.
EAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GRIND-
ing new edge on razor. 25c; rHzor . concaved,
50c: razor honing and 'setting, 25c; first-class
work. Razor Exchange, 630 Market st.
REMOVAL— DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
O'Farrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
(£» I A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<j?l floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
HEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister st.
~A~DDR F.SSE £T~TO THOSE~WHO WANT TO
_-V become rich— lnvest your money In Stockton
(the future Chicago): I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHEIt-
HOI'KR, 1706 Clay st., S. F. ' '
t^OURQUIN'S CAL' A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
XJ instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant ave. and Sinter st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WlN-
chester House, 44 Third at.; near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to *<Jp«jr
wt-ek: free bus to and from the ferrr.
IBEK.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry. etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. '20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
OLD GO L D. SILVER. GENTS 1 AND LADIK-V
clothing bought. COT.MAN. 41 Third st.
I>lti.SS->IAKJfc:U>. ■
Mrs. REEVES, 733 '"• Harrison, near
Fourth — Fashionable dressmaking; $4 to $6.
EMOVED— BRADLEY, TO 410 TAYLOR ST.
Elegant stylish suits $5 up: dresses made over.
MISS E. GIBSON, DESIGNER AND COS-
lumer, just arrived from London. Km.-. : latest
styles and wrfect til ciiarantped. 1622' ; Bush st.
LUll.Vl IU.VAii.
B"^o79KTcFrFrpl3?G~^c"HOcnC; qualifying
Xj pupils to fill positions; 6 weeks. 5 Stockton
su, room 2. . - . . - ■■■■■■■ •'
\?"OICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary to. ■; ' .-.'.-• ,
JOSEPH IiREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st. .
A YRES. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
■»»■ lege: Individual instruction; 4 months' course;
6ay and evening 325 Montgomery St.:
AIRS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
-'I Sutler; teacher vocal music Italian method},
piano; elocution; dramatic elocution a specialty;
vocal and Shakespearean classes; dancing.
ROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin/guitar, mandoline.- banjo. 1707 Market.
uitar, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; S3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
BANJO, PIANO AND GUITAR, 60c PER LEO-
son: music furnished. 125 Tenth st. -
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: PRIVATE
or class: moderate. MISS DILLON, 305 Larkin.
LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI.
cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDKR. 299 Hyde St.: call nfter 1 p. m.
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOK 1■; 1 l'~
J. Ing, shorthand, etc Stlehl's College. 723 Market.
DELAB4 LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-U Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
PaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V IGHTSCHOOL;tIEALL>"S BUS. COLLEGE;.:* I
X> Post: commercial, shorthand. English; low ra-e»
"\riOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 10451/2 Valencia.
/CHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. OUNNINO-
h urn's School, rnr n<>Rrv an. l Powpll su.
' . DENTISTS.
HONEST WORK: VERY Lo"wTcsT~F^r7cEs7
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. 1L
O G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st,
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge, work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 U'Farrell a-
"PAINLESS EXTRACTION". ; 50c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 vears'
experience. R. L. WALsli, D.D.S., 8153,4 Geary.
R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
D' R. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLES!*7
crown work, bridge work arid teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant ave.
CROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
V^ ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
abl* agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5; fllltn— i frm $1 : extracting 60c. with gas $1.
QT A BET FOR TEETH; WARRANTED A3
0 " good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMM:*
ili-ntist, 930 Market St.; next Baldwin Theater. ~
1 Bi-LUDLUM HlLi^r" 1443 MARKET-BT.,
-I ' near Eleventh: no chargu or extracting when
plates are made: ; old plates made over like new:
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
/ 'OLTOX DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
\J ket at. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J.J. LEEK, 1 206 MA RKET, COR.
Gate ave.— evenings:. Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAB-
ranted. DR. .1 W. KEY. 1123 Market st.
ATTORNEYS-
'T'bvTcE mTolTc^rLAWS^A^MPEri-
xx alty; private; .no charge unless successful ; all
law suits, claims, collections,' wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE. att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
VI J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-l-AW. . 71 9
I*l. Market St.: advice free.-.
m J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
TIT W.DAVIDSON, ATTORNKY-AT-LAW,4_»
IT ' » Califoroia -t.. nut 14-1 i: ad vie* .-' .- -■■■'
PROPOSALS. ~~
P^ROPOSALsT^Fcm IHPBdvEMESTS
X scnoo! houses— Sealed proposals will be received
by the: Superintendent of Common Schools, In
open session of the Board of , Education,' new City
Hall, on Wednesday, March 25, 1896, at 8:30 p.m..
for the construction of water-closets, outbuildings
and bulkhead at the Longfellow Primary and It in-
con Grammar schools, at the >■ Denman Grammar
School and at the Cooper i Primary ■ School, in the
City and County of San Francisco, in t accordance ;
with v plans " and - specifications ' at > the , office ; of
Charles I. Havens, architect of the board, room 55,
Flood building, corner Fourth and Market sts.
■ The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids as the public good may .require.'- -■■__
• v v.- .v GEOHOE BEANSTON. Secretary.
■-■••;- '.':■■:■-■,■■-'■ ■ PHYSICIANS. "■■■..■••' ;-■■"
P EMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO I*o6
XV Market St.; diseases of woman a specialty. : ;
R.A.DkLUCIS.PHYSICN-SUROEON.ROYAI.
University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Marat
PIANOS. VIOLINS. etc,
CELE¥RX?Er»~HAINES BItU)s7r~BUSH~&
iV/'Gerts and Knabe p anos: ; being overstocked
wliOii'salc prices will rule during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St., 8. F. 1
j; ©r INSTALLMENTS; 3 NEW, BEAUTIFUL
• »4T" first-class make uprights left; as a pledge at
half cost price. 418 Ellis St., room 32. r
A RRIVED— LOT- OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
2\. grade T. L." Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDKRS, 82 Ninth st. -
1 iJj/'Aft Fein way OFFERED i for $200
»InUUU by lady obliged to -part with it: imme-
i diate sale necessary. Room 10 Flood building.
IDOW FORCED TO REMOVE TO NEW
Yorx offers ■ new Wheelock -upright at the
1 price of transportation. Room : 21, 809 Market st.
I <mQ/k PIANO: FINE CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
I 3Pt7U. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
pHANCE OF. A LIFETIME TO SOY AN
\J organ; we have 50 that must be closed out in
the next 30 days; cash or installments; prices
from $25 upward. BENJ. .'CURTAZ <fc SON, 16
to 20 O'Farrell st. ,  '■ .■--.;.
PEN FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sale
in San Francisco. J.HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st., Spreckels building.
RE YOU DtSIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price . and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
! plan. <■ SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.
WM. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
» ' first floor: sole agents Hallet & Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments. .
On AAA SHEET MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. STAT-
£\J.\J\J\J HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister st
STEINWAY. $165 : WE B B it, $260; SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
OME IN AND HEAR THE LATEST
novelty— the Osslan attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it;
beautiful effect. J. T. BOWERS & SON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
•A GOOD SQUARE. 810; A FINE SQUARE,S9O;
J\. afineuprigh-, $125. Call soon.
MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market st.
A. SHAW, $425: 2 Si KIN WAYS, $215, $195;
Sommer, $237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
fIOXOVEB PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW:
\J great sacrifice. Thai". W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st. ■
pHICKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STKR-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
lor rent BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell.
<J»1 7C CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
«Jpl I O. upright; perfect order. - 1019 Van Ness.
ECKER BROS., STEINWAY.FISCHEBANO
XJ other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLEB &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. .
EASY TERMS; -LOW PRICES. KOHLER <fe
CHASE. ' . -
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
New by * Evans, Brings and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
0 H. MULLEH, maker, repairer, 3 Latham dace.
TEINWAY, $215: WEBER, $265; SOMER,
$237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
•A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THH
-nL WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
JitUIOAL.
ANKWPBOCEaS— NO;I^DICIN^INBT_V?-
-jT- ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no : matter
from what. cause; restores always In one day:
| can he sent and used at home; all cases guaran-
I teed. DR. POPPER and MRS. DitS. NAIL. Private
| home in confinement. 318 Kearny st. .
rTIISSUE TATJ LETS INCREASE YOUR
X weight 3 to 5 pounds a month: cures Indiges-
i tion and constipation; $1 a box.' DR. CARPEN-
] TER, 1170 Market St., s?an Francisco.
rs. GOODWIN MAKES a SPECIALTY of
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
i regularity In one day; cure or no charge; separate
i home for patients: best skill; medical attend-
i nee: low lees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si.. ■
HO.ME.-A F I END AND MOTHER'SCARE.
MRS. DR. FUN 1116 Eighth St., Alameda.
1 R. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT BPE-
XJ ciallst, still offers his valuable services to the
unfortunate. With a mind matured and enriched
by studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease In the ' catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge has been
strengthened by extensive experience. Ladies, no
case peculiar to your delicate organism is beyond
his sure control. His female monthly remedies are
sure and safe In their effects. His tried and valu-
able remedies for lost manhood are never failing in
i their action and warranted for both young and old.
I He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
j Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant a
cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 1320 Mar-
ket St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. Direct all let-
ters to box 2275.
lADIES. CONSULT IK HE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
J 216 Powell st.: only qualified specialist; .$5OO
for case .1 fail to cure; diseases of the eye treated
T ADI CHICHKSf ENGLISH : PEN-
XJ nyroyal Pills (Diamond Braud) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at druggists; ; Chichester Chemical' Com-
pany, Philadelphia. Pa. . : -: •■;.,:
A BLESSING TO LAD IKS SUFFERING
-A. from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
n«yer fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bud
effects; never r makes them stck to make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices to suit
ttie times; home iii confinement. Woman's Dis-
pensary, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Hank;
consult free. DR. <Si MRS. DAVIS' French regu-
lating pills, $2 50. ■,■'. '. . ', .
ALL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home in ■ con-
finement: French pills euaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR..WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH "pIII.S-A BOON TO
'A ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
T\R. HALL. 14 McAIJjISTER M'REET, NEAR
-L'^Jones. Diseases of women and children.
'l ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
Jj ting Pills: strongest safest best; never fail;
$1 per box. WiDBER'9 drugstore, 14 Ellis sk,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents. '
~\ SUBE CURE~FOR ALL FEMALE Dl*
-" »- <«ses, from whatever causa; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. OWYER. 226 Turk st
MRS. DR. WEGENEB: PRIVATE HOME IN
i'l confinement; . ! Irregularities cured In a few
tours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR Oil ANY FEMALE DIBEASU
X sea Mrs. Dr. ''net?, and be content 264^ 4th.
..' - . MONKY TO I.OA>.
Q9?in rinn MODKItATE rates of in-
O±.\J\J.\J\J\J . terest Rm 214. 328 Montgmy.
V DVANCESON DIAMONT)«~,j"KWELBY, ETC
S\ Columbia Loan & Collateral Oflice, 9 Grant ave.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. ■ McCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3. "
lOANS IN SUMS TO SUIT. BY THK COSMOS
■I Loan Association, cor Battery and Pine sts. \:
ORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WITH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing. machines, oil paintings:
low interest: perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. - UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
OXEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
ItJ other valuables lat the . Security Loan Office,
1 06 Market St.. or. Mason : private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT . FROM , US ON YOUR FUBNITURK
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low Interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate oflice rm. 68, Donohoe build 1170 Market stT
OAKS ON REAL. ESTATE: IST: OR 2ND
J mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda, any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
IST &2D MORTGAGES : INTE RESTS IN ES-
tateajlowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrkt.
(S'A|| nfin ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST
3D cIUV>,UU I/rates. A.SCH ILI.KH.SOH Montgy
1 ST<£2D MORTGAGES. ALSO ON FURNITURE
1& pianos; no removal. 240 Montgomery st., r. 13.
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OR co l-
i'l. laterals; low rate. .1. K. DAMON, 868 Montg.
, PAWS KOU .-.*'
AT 126 KEAR^rY^rTT^l^.Ar^l^JoNirY
loaned,' watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal ) cheap. •
".. FJLNA.NCJAL,. ;
loans on ist'a^d 2eTm6rtgX*Tes'an"d
'XJ Hie insurance: policies: low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought 330 Montgomery st.>- .;.
<B* 1 ftft « (\f\ TO OAN ON LIFE INSUB-
•4D-lA'V- V \J\J ance policies: Cripple Creek and
Utah mining stocks bought. TOPLI'I'Z, 330 Pine.
TO tt-CCTHANGE.
rpO^EXCn?ANGE^S4b()O :^4(MItM ) M^iToiTg PnTT
si- '■ house, centrally.' located in . Oakland, clears
$100 per month, for ranch or house and lot. J. H.
KDSON, 808 Broadway. Oakland.
".' '' -.-.. ■ l.t-.iiAl.':' >OTiOJiS.
T TTE^VGITLiysT^HRIST I A N CO-OPERATIVE
X Society, a corporation— To alt whom it concerns:
The above corporation ;. will ;. be removed from San
Francisco 10 Nevada City, Cal., March 1 20, 1896.
By order , -, JOHN M. PORTER, Secretary.
\jotice : OF- ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE OF
i-i personal property— Notice is hereby given that
the : undersigned 3 administrator of the • Estate of
CHARLES M ATHEWS. deceased, will, In pursu-
ance of an order of the Super or Court of the City
and County of San Francisco, sell on THURSDAY,
March 12, at 1:30 p. m.. at public auction, through
S. L.'Jones * Co., auctioneers, in front of the Mer-
chants' ■ Exchange.'; No.'-^— California ' Rt.; in ■ the
City and County of San Francisco, the following de-
scribed personal property belonging to said estate,
. to- wit: : ■■'-.'■■ ■::'"■■.•■■■-■■■■""■'. ■ ■ . --- ". ■
One light bay horse, called "Tempest,"
. -. One phaeton, '. -■ '
..• One buggy robe, ;■■ - ■ ■ -. . ■
'/. One s?t of harness, and ■ :
" One whip.'-* '.. "■■ "%■-
- ■' Said property will : be "■ sold ' for cash In United
Slates cold coin and subject to confirmation by said
Superior Court ■ -"--> :•- ... A. C. FRKESE," ■
Administrator of the estate of CHARLES MATH-
EWb, deceased. ; ■ • • .. . *
; Dated March 10, 1896.
" - ■ . CITY REAL ; ; ESTATE.
\fcAFEE BROTHERS.
1". REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS, '
, i ' 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS.
<3»QI rCA JACKSON ST., NR. BAKER; 25x
3>s«JltlU. 127:8Vi; good locality for flats: would
'; . '. rent well ; a cheap lot^
©14 QAA M BE SOLD ; N W. CORNER
«IDltt. U\J\J. Haight and Broderick sis.: 55x
1 37 : ' with LB2 tee* deep on
Broderick st.: 3 splendid lots; corner
is ' improved -with 2-story modern
residence; 10 rooms, bath and .base-
ment; first-class condition: heaters
- and all conveniences; good substan-
. tial stable on Broderick st.: brick
foundation; street work all done and
, accepted.
<&. 1 -"^nn EASY TERMS; BTH AVE., NR. D.
«fi) LtlUu. Richmond; 25x120; street work done.
ft A 9 WANTS AN OFFER ; BAKER NR.
«IP"i--t/l/. Greenwich; 24x94: good modern lm-
. provements: store and flat; cable-
cars in front rents $36 per month;
street work done.
ffl»f»7CA DEVISADERO-ST. INVESTMENT
*JpU I O\J. in the business portion: lot 27:6x100:
cottage of 7 rooms, renting tor $660:
could be made a store.
ffiMf; f\f\ MUST BE SOLD; ENTIRE BLOCK
vD^ttJyjyj. south of park; good loca-
tion. .
1 TIT ANTED— SAN FRANCISCO RESIDENCE
» » or residence lot in Western . Addition in" ex-
change for Oakland business , properly, worth
*7500, free of mortgage; but a very short* distance
from the City Hall, and has two frontages. 66x118
deep, improved . with bay-window : 2-story resi-
dence, 10 rooms, bath, large basement and attic :
also stable for 2 horses and carriage; street work all
done and accepted: some mortgage would be as-
sumed; inquire about this without tail.
| MCAFEE i BROTHERS,
' . 108 Montgomery st.
CJI r.A AND UPWARD— IF. YOU WANT TO
3DJ-*->V/ make a few hundred dollars in a short
time buy one of our lots in Los A ngeles: monthly
payments of $5. M. SOLOMON & CO.,
821 Market st., S. F.
AL ii' iu ii. i .k. • -" ' I.OUIB a. souc.
T A. SOUC & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are rirht on the spot, we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once.
ffl>OQ AAA ONE OF THE BEST BUSINESS
3D *£«? m\J\J\J • corners in the Mission; lot 65x
100; 2-story building, containing 3 stores and 4
rooms; 3 fiats, 5 rooms and bath each; 2 bay-
window cottages, 5 rooms and bath; all in Al or-
der; renting for $2880 per annum. . .<
<B:i 1 ftftft COR. GUERRERO AND 20TH—
«JP-L'±.UUU. Lot 76.6x105: elegant bay-win-
dow house: 8 vooms, bath; saloon parlors; large
grounds and stable.
<3ilfi AAA FINE CORNER ONI6TII ST.,
tJIv.UUU. near Market; store and 3 rooms;
upper flat 5 rooms and bath; cottage 4 rooms; lot
30x85. .
q>C*Z(\f\ VALENCIA ST., NR. 20TH; \OT
3DUUUU. 25x90; bay-window house 8 rooms
and bath: could at small cost be converted into
business property.
Sii^^nn BABTLETT ST., THROUGH TO
3D«-'«-'UI/. alley; 30x117:6; modern 2-story
house, 8 rooms, bath, laundry; heaters through
bouse: all in Al order; stable lor 3 horses; a splen-
did home. J WiiiimthnwiiiMiiiißHwniiiwujMM—ijimr
C-ftAAA MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROP-
3DUUUV. erty; lot 25x80: modern store; 4
rooms; upper flat 7 rooms; bath; laundry; this is
cheap. . ;. •-...
q>OJAA 26x100; FLORIDA ST.. NR. 24TH—
urOrt\J\t. modern bay-window flats, 4 and. 5
rooms; bath; laundry: In perfect order. . -
©O7KA 37:6x90; 18TH ST., NR. VALEN-
<SP<I> I t)U. cia: a snap; cottage of 5 rooms, bath,
laundry; In good order: the lot is worth -more
money. . ■
(i'>)'A SAN CARLOS AVK., NR. 19TH—
«JP«3_.«J\-». 2 story house; 6 rooms; bath; street
work all done and accepted.
3>OXAA -"' ST., NR. CHURCH: LOT
tJp£iO\J\J* 25x114; modern bay-window cottage;
6 rooms; bath: laundry; high basement.
A FEW VACANT LOTS THAT MUST GO.
50x125; Diamond St.. nr. 20th: $1400.
25x114; 18th St., nr. Church; $1000.
27x88; Church st., nr, 17thr $1550.
' 2bx9O; 23d St., nr. Sanchez; $950.
25x100; Chenery St., nr. 30th; $600.
Our list comprises some of the best property in
the .Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the home- i
steads; also good business corners in any part of
the Mission : call and get a list and prices.
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with use. %
L. A SOUC «fc CO., 465 and 467 Valencia St., near
Sixteenth. r ; . '•, •
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
1 REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRBT FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. \
f - . ' - ■ : : ; ' . ■- : " - ■
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots.
C* - -: to $300 FOR SPLENDID lots NEAR
3D ' O the park and Grand Boulevard; $10 down
and $5 monthly. bOL GETZ & BRO.
&Of)A $400, 5450, 5500 TO $1100; CHOICEST
»3*OUl.'. lots nonh and south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist ave. to 20th ave. and Point
LobO3, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich- ;
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges: opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ & BRO.
mj-l HO, To $250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
«IplU\J Mlssion-st. and electric car lines: only
$10 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ dt BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS. .
BOL GETZ & BRO., Owners,
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
ATEW BLOCK
IN IN RICHMOND. -
$50 CASH, *10 MONTHLY .
$600 and upward; a chance to make : money: to
insure a rapid sale/the prices are put down below
anything else In the entire section. Go to-day and
see the block bounded by California and I ake sts.,
10th and 12th aves; prices $600 to $726: all
streets graded, sewered and macadamized; terms
only $50 cash, $10 monthly. ;
ONLY TEN LOTS
. • LEFT IN THE BLOCK
Bounded by 25th ave., Clement st. and Pt. JLObos
ave.; lots $400— 550 cash, $10 monthly. If you
want one, be quick.
LOOK AT THOSE .'
LOTS ON 4TH AND STH AVENUES.
California and Lake sts.; $1000; surrounded by
car lines; every convenience; prices low: terms
only $50 cash. $10 monthly. Call for a complete
list of Richmond property.  ;.;*>;
; .. BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
V .-_■•■ . - 10 Montgomery st. ...
rnAft RENTS $80: 2 HOUSES OF 4
UUUU. tenements each; on Filbert st: 23x
7:6, to rear street; . street work done; • house on
rear street, only 6 years old this property must be
sold- title perfect; make an offer. H. MURPHY,
628 31 ark et st. .
Ilil ATI ON HEALTHFUL AND BEAUTIFUL;
XJ Fruit vale Terminal Tract; lots $150 up. ,' 
G>O9 AAA 40X80; ; FINE PROPERTY; 3
i <JDZO.UUu. stores;B flats ;rents $160. 325 sth.
AJICE 6 -ROOM, B WINDOW COTTA GE
±\ and bath ; brick foundation: high basement;
all modern; will sell with ■or ■ without furniture;
cheap: easy payments. 1011 Capp st. ' :.- -,-v
"(jjr'A POSITIVE BARGAIN; 2 LOTS 25x
3D OO\J • 100 each ; near Mission road ; worth
$750. STRAND A CO., 46 Third st. - . '
VOR SALE— ONE OR TWO LOTS ON FALCON
X 1 and Twenty-second st. at your own price. Call
at 865 Mission st.
«%rn/v CORNER; 51x100: IN BERKELEY;
<]p«Jl'". on railroad; $10 monthly. > .
$100— Corner; 50x100, with creek.
$1500— Corner; 100x100; macadamized. »
$1000— Corner; 100x100; $15 monthly.
176— Lot 25x135; 910 down; $5 monthly. .
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
T A SACRIFICE-MODERN HOUSE, 7
rooms and bath. | Apply Sunday between 10
and 2 o'clock. 163 Tremont ave., Ashbury Heights.
HEAP FOR CASH; HOUSE 6 ROOMS: 4
lots. Cor. Crescent and Bank sts. (Holly Park).
ARGATN— HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 6
rooms and bath. Apply 929 Twenty-third st.
ODERN: 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
an I cottages built at equally reasonable rates. Call
and see plans. JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mis-
sion st. •;■■■■■--■■■ ': •;,'. :■:.•. rV;:';':.yv^.vi:>.;::.:;.v;
I~*pi"Oß HALE. OR EXCHANGE. FOR SAN
'. Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No ; reasonable offer refused. Apply
28V3 Zoe St.; city. ' ■"-', ..--;■ ;
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
■ToQ?TaCRES TIMBER~I7AN^DTKERN~COr:
1 -.OUwater: fine for cattle-raising. N.,bx.16.Ca1l
STOKAOC
hTrOONEyT722Ih ISSION^ST?>RAGE~AT
reduced rates: basement storage,sl 50 per load
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 751 and 753 Market st.
5--A-PPLYFOB RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
A ture, etc SHIREK <fc BHIBEK, 747 Market.
Q TORAOE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
tJ told goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 736 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MA RKET-
TI Storage: low rates; telephone South 762. ■
BUIL»INGr>.NJD ! LOAN ASSOCIATION ■
YTONTINENTALBUILDING 'AND LOAN A8;
\j sociaUon— Home office, 222 Bansome st., 8 If, ■
Utneral vines & loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pa«. I
Oliver Eldridge V.Pr.j w Corbin, Sec. A Gen. Mm
„ " COUNTRY IIEAI. ESTATi..
MARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MlSsi
trom San ifrancisco
■- ! . ' ". -• ■.'.:■ u ; ■■' : Rancho de Novata
••■ Tracts rut any : size desired; .- fruit, grain . and
vegetable land, no irrigation ; both rail and water I
transportation; $40 to $75 uer acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular. - ■ ~
- Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
' SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
T ITTLE .- HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN; . IM-
-Li proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and VI acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit: 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. ; 1). H. TWIN G, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market at.. S.F.
ASHURST COLONY. ~ ~~~ "
At Ashurst you have an : opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes in
this colony and ' are determined 10 surround our-
selves with neighbors who wish at once to have
schools and churches and reading-rooms in our very
midst. We have every facility for a grand devel-
opment. .We make it possible for all who are en-
terprisin.g thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort and abundance. Address
ASHURST COLONY,
Room 10, Mills Rulldtng. S. F.
ESTABLISHED.., ........ ...... .16 YEARS.
N. D. HICKELS
... : . ■' ■ " THE !
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions; ; most reliable,
■ : lates: and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
TyE HAVE A LARGE LIST OF IMPROVED
*» and unimproved chicken and fruit ranches,
town lots and villa sites in and around Novato for j
sale, send for our list: terms to suit everybody. i
A bargain in a 10-acre chicken ranch. SHAM) &
RIBLET. Novato, Marin County. - ; -"
1 Oflft ACRES, ALL LEVEL, CULTIVATED
X\J\J\J land, fronting on railroad: vicinity of
Menlo Park. Apply to A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. ; • • • . ■
'ANTED— A RELIABLE, WELL-RECOM- '
»» mended farmer-tennnt for a 200 acres good
level ranch at.Woodside, San Mateo ; County; take
charge at once; crop this season volunteer hay and
summer fallow 1/2 the ranch ;place suited for dairy;
has new 7-roomed house: close to school. Apply to
L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay at., S. F. Terms liberal. I
QENDFOROUR LIST OF ORCHARD HUMJS.S
0 for sale. WOOSTKH A- Wh ITIIIX. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
~GnCfYf\f\ LOT WORTH ? 6250T~a
<JDuUUI/. corner 50x100: 4 blocks from Broad-
way and 11th sts ; .large house, .7. rooms, bath;
well rented: street work, cement walks complete;
finest residence . street in Oakland; incumbrance
54200; balance must be cash;' owner, must sell,
hence this great sacrifice: call early, and if place
suits owner will entertain any offer above Incumb-
rance; positively a rare bargain and must be sold.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OR SALE— UNIMPROVED CORNER LOT,
X 1 . 75x110, on Brush, st., will be. sold cheap for
cash: no reasonable offer refused. Apply to A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
TH E WARNER TRACT AT KLilHl'ttST IS
-L rapidly advancing. For property in this tract
at first hands, apply to WARNER & CO., 465
Ninth St., Oakland.
C COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; CORNER
\J lot 118x134; fruit trees and good barn; one
block fro 11 electric cars. East Oakland; for ex-
change for property centrally located and pay
$1200 cash difference; value. $4000. See E. E.
BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oaklanu.
T>XCHANG>; LIST-HOUSE, BARN AND 10
-LJ acres fruit and choice vines, near Brentwood,
$3000, clear; 2 lots in Stockton, near elec ricroad,
$1000, clear; block of 12 lots ingrowing town of
Acton, $1000. clear; modern cottage of 6 rooms
and stable, $3500 mortgage, $1250; " modern 7-
room house, Pacific avenue. Sana Cruz, ■ for clear
ranch, 57500, bank loan $3000; 160 acres, Howell
County, Mo.. $1600. clear; bargains in lots and
houses for sale. BENHAM & THOMAS, 465
Ninth st., Oakland.
ffI»qOXA~FINE 2-STORY. MODERN HOUSE;
<t&O£>*JVJ, 7 rooms and bath; must be sold;
large lot: 10 minutes'- walk of City Hall. A. H.
BREED & CO., 460 Ninth St., Oakland. .
T OOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
J-i no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H.B. PINNEY. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
T OWER FLAT 6 RUNNY ROOM^MOTjERnI
I■< $16; near local train. Apply H55 Harrison st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
A LAM DA KEAL * I. STATE.
Q 1 (\(\ TO f 250 DOWN, •'-' 5 MONTHLY: NEW
«3? 1 "1/ 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, sc: 001, etc : with large
lot $2400 to $3000: send for Illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st.; Alameda.
OR SAL —$4250; HOUSE; 9 KOOMS: MOD-
ern: gas, bath, etc.: lot 60x140: Central ave.
■E. D. JUDD, 1424 Pt.rk St., Alameda.
LOOK-$350 FOR LOTS HALF , A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda. on installments: fine
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
<U*9nnn LARGE 5-ROOM COTTAGE ON
di)^d\t\J\J, Alameda ave.; cheapest piece of
property in Alameda; to be sold in 30 days. E. D.
JUDD, 1424 Park st. .
ffljOQnn AN ELEGANT NEW COTTAGE:
tlp^OUu. 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x203; $150
cash, $20 per month— No. 732.
$1750— Cou ago; 5 rooms and bath; $20 per
mouth: a snap — No. 736.
$2000— New cottage: 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127; $150 cash, $20 per month— No. 739. :
$1500— Worth $2700; to close an estate; corner;
94x115; street work, sewer, etc., compiete; will
make 3 building lots.
$3000— New modern cottage: near station; : no
cash down; $30 per mouth— No. 698.
$950— 1V2 acres land on Bakers ave.; worth
$1700; one-half cash.
Choice lots for sale, houses to let in all parts of
Alameda. H. P. AIOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
BERK ELE X KKAJj ESTATE.
ACRIFICE^WE 1 GIVE YOU ' Th'eLOT.^YOU
pay cost of the house.
. $14.".0— Buys good 5-room cottage; lot 40x100.
$1400 — good 5-room cottage; lot 26x100.
81200— Buys good 5-room cottage;. lot 33x100.
Owners must have money. >
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
./VTE W 2-STORY HOUSE; 7 ROOMS. BATH
iA and modern improvements: electric lights,
beautiful location; scenic park: block adjoins uni-
versity grounds. Address box 231, Berkeley.
TOSEPHJ. MASON. REAL ESTATE AND
tJ Insurance, removed to Berkeley station.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaints filed: • , ■
J. H. Kirkpatrick against Adda O. Klrkpatrlck.
Lewis Erickson against Emma Ericsson.
Frank Suter against Elizabeth Surer. '
Elizabeth C Collins against John R. Collins.
Divorces granted :. : .-'■.-■'.■• • •
Margaret A. Perry from Arthur. R. Perry, for
desertion and neglect: by Judge Sanderson. ' '
Sarah B. Jones from Charles F. Jones, for In-
fidelity; by Judge r Sanderson. Plaintiff allowed
$50 a month alimony. . . -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
BORN. j
DUNlGAN— January 3, 1896, to the wife of John
Dunigan. a daughter.
FEENEY— In this city. February 27, 1896, to the
wife of Martin J. Feeney, a daughter. <
KELLER— In this city, February 21, 1896, to the
. wife of Andrew Keller, a son.
RuDGERS— In Monterey. '[ March 7, 1896, to the
- wife of Frank L. Rodger*, a son. .
SNOOK— In Oakland,' March 9, 1896, to the wife of
Charles E. Snook, a son. ,-, . ' .
■.'■■■ v MARRIED. . -
HOLLEY— BUTTNER— In this city, March 11
! 1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Ernest W. Hol-
; .ley and Hat tie J. Buttner. '■■
I JACOBS— SICHEL— In this city, February 23,
j 1896, by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger, Albert Jacobs
of Santa Rosa and Becky Sichel of San Francisco.
LI NDENBERG— PESTDORF— In this city, March
! 11, 1896. by the Rev. J. Fuendelinz,? Alexander
Llndenberg and Emma Pestdorf, both of Mount
. ; Eden, Cal. r , • - . . .■ •■ . ■ ■ . • ■
MUELLER— LUTZ— In this city, March 11, 1896,
X-: by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John Mueller and
Magdalena Lutz. ■
REICHSTATTER — TTETJEN— Tn this citv,
March 8, 1896. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Harry
Reichstatter and Anna E. Tietjeu. :
BIEOHERS— In this city. March 8,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, George E.
Schulz and Emma R. Riechers.
TUTTI,K— ROUSE-In thfscitv, ; March : 5, 1896,
John Tuttle and Augusta F. Rouse.
DIED.
. Barry, Thomas Kinder, Cecelia C.
.'. Blggy, Margaret E. La Vallee, Elmina *
Bresse.Louis C. .. ■-.-: . Leonard, John J.
Butler. Bridget . ' Lichtenstein, S. H.
. Cahill, William :~ McOuire. Aulmon
i '- Cttllaghan, Dennis . Meade, Jane :
Conn, John . Mehlwitz, Hazel
Farrell. Edward G. ; j Miller, Charles
Gaffney, Bernard Purse, Ruth - :
i:* Garrison, Mrs. Frances . Sage, Lewis P.
Giesin, Martha E. Sanders, Sarah A.
-,- Hansen, Peter • Thrall, Henry H.
Hewitt, Daniel W. ' Tod. Ada G. ■' ■
' Hodde, Frank ' Walsh, Richard
, t ' w Whaley, Lena ; ;
BARRY— In this city, ; March 10. 1896, Thomas,
" beloved son of " John and the late Annie Barry,
I and brother of James, Gus, John and Dora Barry
* and Mrs. .William Fleming, a native of Boston,
-■■ ; Mass., aged 31 years. '-• ■■-'-- .--"■'•■>;■ r :\ . •;■■■..- ■.
- *ES~Frienas • and » acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY,
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock I p.m., from L his late
■ residence, 7 Church lane, between Sixteenth and
I Seventeenth. Dolores and Church streets, thence
to Mission Dolores Church for services at 2 p. x.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BIGGY — An anniversary solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated at Holy Cross Church, Eddy street,
near Scott, THIS DAY (Thursday), at 10 a.m., for
the repose of the soul of the late Margaret E.',
beloved sister of W. J. and P. J. Biggy. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
attend. ; ;
BRATMOS— In this city. March 11, 1896, Irene,
I beloved I daughter of John - . and Teresa Brat- '
I mos, sister of Christina, Olga and Stella Bratmos,
and grandchild of John .and Christina Oaneri,
a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged 1 year 11
months and 11 days. '.' • ' . "
JKs" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SATURDAY,
March 14, at 2 o'clock p. M.. from her late resi-
dence, 19 Vandewater street, between Francisco
and Bay, Powell and Mason. ■ 
BRESSE- In this city. Louis Clement, ; beloved
husband of. Caroline, and father of Louis and
Eugene -Bresse, .Mrs.; Gala vottl and Gustavo
Bresse, a native of Mauler France, aged 66 years
2 months and 29 days.
tfg~ Friends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery streets,
and from his late residence, 1518 Franklin street,
at 1:30 o'clock p. m. Please omit flowers. ' .
BUTLER-In this citv. March 10,1896, Bridget
Butler, beloved sister of Mrs. Annie Burr, and
aunt of Mrs. Katie Smith and Charles H. Burr,
a native of County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 54,
years. .
JBS"" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late)
residence. 447 V2 Natoma street, thence to St.
■ Patrick's Churcu, Mission street, ■ near Third,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
C AH ILL— In this citv, March 9. 1896, William
Cahill, a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
OALLAGHAN— In this city, March 10, 1896,
Dennis, dearly beloved husband of Isabella Cal-
laghan, father of John F.. Mary, Annie and
Henry Callaghan, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 54 years.
j?g"Fr!end3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 938 Pacific street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, Vallejo street, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will ibe celebrated for tlie repose
of his soul commencing at 10:30 o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COHN— In this city, March 10, 1896, John Colin,
beloved father of Mrs. Edward Manasse, Mrs.
M. C. Lenz, Bertha, Lena, Minnie, Leon. Jesse
anil Albert E. Colin, a native of Germany, aged
76 years and 9 months.'
Friends »re respectfully invited to attend
th« funeral THIS DAY (Thursday), at 10:15
o'clock a. M., from his late. residence, 2332 Pa*
■. cific avenue. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by 11:45 a. m. train from Third and Town-
send streets. Please, omit flowers. . : . •
FARRELL— In this city, March 10, 1896, Edward
G.. beloved husband of Virginia Farrell, a native
of New Jersey, aged 49 years. ■ ' ' '■
JB3* Friends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Co., 123 Stock-
ton street, corner Geary. Interment .Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
GAFFNEY— In this city, at St. . Mary's Hospital*
Bernard Gaff uey, brother-in-law of P. B. Lynch
• wholesale grocer of Vallejo. also of P. Lynch,
610 Larkin street, San Francisco, wholesale
dealer in and importer of coal, a native of Bella
' James Duff, County Cavan, Ireland, aged 63
years. . [Monitor and Irish papers please copy.]
4j?"The funeral took place from St. Vincent's
Church, Vallejo, WEDNESDAY, March 11; at
• 9 o'clock a. m., where a solemn requiem mass
.was celebrated. .'...',..
GARRISON-In Oakland, March 11, 1896, Mrs.
■ Frances Garrison, mother of Mrs. A. J.Camp-
bell, a native of England, aged 73 years. '
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at, 3 o'clock p. m.. from her late*
residence, 813 Twentieth street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
GIESIN-In this city, Martha E., beloved wife of
Anthony Giesin.and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Matthew Wood, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
23 years. .■ ' • • " .-.-...
JJSF" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services Tills DAY (Thursday), at
: 11 o'clock a. M..at her late residence, 980 Twen-
tieth street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city, March . 10, 1896. Peter
1 Hansen, a native of Norway, aged 50 years.
HEWITT— In this city, March 10, 1896. Daniel
. W. Hewitt, a native of New York, aged 663"ears.
HODDE— In WatsonvHle. March 9. 1896. FranK
Hodde. a native of California, a;ed 27 years.
[:-;. Louis papers please copy.J . >.- •
KINDER— In .this city, March 11, 1896. Cecelia
Catliarina, beloved wife of John Charles Kinder,
and mother of Mrs. ■ Christ Weber, and grand-
mother of Charles and Helnerike Weber, a na-
tive of Brunsbuttel, Hoist el Germany, aged 58
years and 20 days.-. •. ." ■ •
B3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock P. M., from her -late
residence, 120 Germania street, between Fill-
more and Stelner. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery,
LA VALLEE-Tn this city. March 10, 1898.
Elmina. beloved daughter of Minna and Emery
La Vallee, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
years 8 months and 11 days.
Jts~Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 ■ o'clock p.m.. from the resi-
dence of . the parents. 509 Sanchez s'reet, be-
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth, thence to
Holy Cross Cemetery by electric funeral-car. No
carriages. '■ ■ '. .
LEONARD— In this city. March 9, 1896, John J.
Leonard, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 32
years. ■ . - - . ■
g%~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Valente, Marlni & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, thence by -11:45 o'clock a. m. train to
Holy Cross Cemetery. . . . • . ;
LICHTENSTEIN— In this city, March 11, 1896,
Samuel Harris Llchtenstein, beloved brother of
Benjamin H. Lichtenstein and Mrs. Emanuc-1 A.
Levy, a native of St. Louis, Mo., aged 49 years.
McGUIRE — In the City ana County Hospital,
March 11, 1898, Aulmon McGnire, need 35 years.
MEADE— In this city, March 10, 1896, Jane, be-
loved wife of Patrick Meaile and mother of
James, John and Katie Meade. a native of th«
. parish •of Orestown, County iJeath, Ireland,
aged 46 years. • , . . . . ■ .
j(ST"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 230 Filbert street, thence to St.
Francis . Church, Vallejo street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing .at 9:30. a. M. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MEHLWITZ— In this city. March 11, 1836. Hazel
Mehlwitz. beloved infant daughter of Charles and
Nora Mehlwitz. a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 15 days-TSsSKSCSKSSS
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
' (Thursday), at -2:30 ' o'clock p. m., from the
residence or the parents, 1903Va Dupont street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, ' March 10. 1896, Charles,
beloved husband of Christine Miller, and father
of Charles and Lulu, son of Jacob and Marie A.,
and brother of Richard. Louis and : Emll Miller,
a native of Germany, aged .37 years 1 1 months
and 16 days. A member Of Verein Eintraclit
and Mission Turn Verein. [New York papers
please copy.] • ■
tOT Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Mission Turn
Verein Hall, Eighteenth street, between Valen
cia and Guerrero. Interment 1. O. O. F. Ceme"
tery. ■ . • • ' - .-■■• - ■ ■•;•;.-.■«
PUR^E— in Oakland, March 10, 1896, Ruth. in-
fant daughter of J. B. and M. A. Purse, a native
of Oakland, aged 2 months and 15 days.
SAGE— In this city, March 10, : 1896. Lewis P.
Sage, a native of Connecticut, aged 74 years.
SANDERS— In this city. March 10. 1896, Sarah
A., beloved wife of A. A. Sanders, and mother of
Oliver (deceased), Frank E. and Grace S. San-
' ders, a native of Montreal, Canada, aged 60 years
• and 10 days. ' :- : • - ■ • •
JB3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday); at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 713 Post street. Interment private.
THRALL— In this city, March 10, 1896, Henry
Homer Thrall, a native of Syracuse, N, Y.", aged
• '72 years and 2 days. * '
Friends are respectfully invited to attend-
the funeral services THIS DAY (Thursday), at
1 o'clock p. M., at Temple, under the auspices of
California Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
TOD— In this city, March 9, 1896. Ada Gray Tod,
; a native of New York, aged 29 years.
WALSH— In this city. March 11, 1896, Richard
Walsh, beloved brother of John Walsh, a native
of Mlddletown, County ; Cork, Ireland, • aged 37
years. . *..■-.. ::.- * - ■■:;•:- ■ -." .■-•--■
a3"Friend% and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), from the chapel of St. Mary's Hospital,
. where a requiem high mass will ' be celebrated
for the repose of. his soul, commencing at K:3O
| o'clock a. m. ; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WHALEY (nee Schaaf)— ln Oakland, March 11,
1896.' Lena, dearly beloved wife of Allen Whaley,
and daughter of Mrs. C. Schaaf, and sister of Mrs.
L. Volgt, Lizzie, Willie, Leno and Bernard
Schaaf, a native of ' San Francisco, aged 20 years
7 months and 9 days. '
aarFrleuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully' invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
March 15, at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of her aunt, 443 Green : street, thence to L O. O.
F. Cemetery. .
I UNITED ; UNDERTAKERS' """ *
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3187. "< 27 and 29 Fifth street.
I McAVOY St GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DLEECTOR9 4 KMBALMKRS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Llncoin School.
Telephone 3080. '""■, .; '"' *
yjs^pMTsoM7^"^^^^vHAs7McM«soMßV.
-JAMES McMENOMEIi & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EHBALHERS,
* 10*7 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 8364.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
tN BAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARIAITi'
X laid oat on the lawn plan: perpetual care; bean* ,
Ufnl, permanent and easy of access; see it befon
hninV a burial place elsewhere. -...-. .
Wtj Cffiuo, 9 Vit jr BmII Atioi*
1516
FIFTY IN FEWER
IN BURLINGAME
Half a Hundred Resigna
tions Tendered the
Swell Club.
TWO VIEWS OF PLEASURE
Some Staid Members Disliked
the Horsey Set and
British Ways.
CIRCULAR FROM DIRECTORS.
It Will Explain the Club's Condition.
Members Asked by Others
to Resign. '
Within the charmed circle which con
stitutes Burlingame— the fashionable, se
lect am! restricted society "set" in the cluh
at San Mateo — all has not been harmony
and complete good-fellowship of late. For
with all the outward appearance of calm
and undisturbed social pleasures it now
transpires that dissatisfaction or some
difference of opinion upon matters usually
considered vital in a club has been making
itself felt among the members of the Bur
lingame Club.
As a rule the gentlemen who have taken
any interest in this aristocratic association
maintain a dignified silence regarding
whatever divergence of views upon club
affairs may have arisen. And the same
can be said of the whole membership, for
it is evidently an unwritten law in
Uurlingame to commit no breach of the
proprieties or to forget that ungentlemanly
lapses are at least bad form. So the club
lived on without ever a sign of social
revolution or startling defection of its
members.
The truth is, however, that the Bur
linpame Club has lost in the last few
months more than forty members, many
of whom actually went out in a body.
"While the names of the disaffected mem
bers could not be made public, it has been
admitted that these gentlemen largely
represent the best element in San Fran
cisco society. They include millionaires,
prominent attorneys, physicians and mer
chants. It is said that they were not alto
gether pleased with the more pronounced
horsey set in the club.
"The staid Californian," explained a
society man yesterday who is familiar
with the Burlinpame Club people and
their little differences— "the staid Califor
nian did not rind it at all congenial. That
is, his tastes were not in the same channel
as the ultra set with British tendencies and
a penchant for golf suits and nothing but
horses, you know, and English servants.
"The BurlingameCluo is a country club;
it runs to horses as every one knows — rid-
ing and driving, polo and golf. The
Country Club runs to dogs and game and
is all rieht for sportsmen ; but one can un
derstand that when every conversation is
on horses and British sports, the pleasure
of dropping into a retreat out of town for
a few days was really doubtful. I knew
this was coming, but did not think it
would corae so soon.
"Some time since the club induced many
nice people to become members. The ini
tiation fee was temporarily abolished, and
several parties whom I know were talked
into joining. The proposition was really
a good one and inviting. It cave the new
members a prospect of enjoying them
selves in the country with every luxury of
city life round them and good fellows for
companions. Hut they found it often
livelier in Burlingame than in the Pacific-
Union orjUniversity clubs. The gay set had
their four-in-hands and polo ponies and
swell traps and English servants, and fre
quently English ways.
"That may be the cause for the with
drawals, and it is all I have heard about
the matter. Anyhow, clearly the two sets
had little in common, and consequently
they were not coneenial."
The directors disclaimed all knowledge
of disturbance or dissatisfaction, and were
unanimous in their assertions that the
club was never before so well managed or
on such a sound financial foundation.
Yet they have deemed it prudent at this
time to issue a circular letter to every
member of the club, with a clear and full
statement of the club's present condition
with regard to finances and general status
of membership, management, and a re
view of the changes, etc.
This letter was placed in the printer's
hands yesterday and will be issued to-day.
It is quite a bulky document, covering
several pages of typewriten paper.
The introduction deals with the club in
a genera! way, and further on states that
the club suffered a loss in membership of
over forty since last August. Finances
are explained at length. In 1894 the
club's net assets were something over
$4000; in 1895 they advanced to nearJy
$f>ooo, ana now the estimate places them
between $7000 and $8000. The month of
February was the most prosperous one the
club had experienced. This showing is
made with pardonable pride by the direc
tors, who draw attention to the fact that
"the resignations have caused a loss of
$250 monthly in dues." That, by the
way, at the rate of $5 a month for mem
bership dues would make the number of
reek-nations fifty. Attention is directed
NEW TO-DAY.
INSTANT RELIEF
for all
afflicted with
TORTURING
SKIN DISEASES
in a Single
Application of
(uticura
CcrricnKA "Works TVoxpebs, and its cures
of torturfcg humours are simply marvellous.
Sold throughout the world. BritUh depot: T. !»«w-
-bebt & Sons, 1. King .EdwaTd-«t., London. Pottm
Ssvo ajtd Cum. Com-.. Sole Propt., Boston, U. S. A.
to the fact that under the new manager,
Mr. Brewer, the club stables have been
vastly improved, and ore no longer such a
heavy drag on the treasury.
A director who did not wish to appear
in connection with a discussion of the
club said he did not care if forty more
members resigned, not indeed that he
would not regret losing the company of
the present members, but from a financial
point of view, and solely in the interest of
the club, he believed it would be best. The
club, he said, would be better off with 100
members, for then every man would take
a particular interest in it, and of course the
spirit of comraderie would be strength
ened.
"Several members would go down to the |
club," he added, "and expected to have
tiie same attendance and service as at the
Pacific-Union Club in town. And they i
felt disappointed and disgruntled because j
luncheon could not be served at almost '
any hour. It was not fair to expect so j
much from a country club. I suppose I
these gentlemen have changed their
minds, but that makes little or no dif
ference. The club will continue to live i
and be popular and prosperous."
Harold Wheeler, a member of the board,
stated that when the club increased its
membership at one time by offering spe- i
cial inducements a large number of good
mew joined, thinking they would have
many a pleasant visit to Burlingame. They
rarely went there, however, and had no
inter >st in the club and resigned. That
was all he knew of the cause of the fifty:
resignations, he said.
The fact, however, that at least one very
prominent member of the club was asked
by other clubmen to resign indicates that
a concerted movement has been afoot in ;
Burlingame.
OBJECTS TO THE TRENCH.
An Asgensment of Garrett Bnrke Ques
tioned by Expert Elder.
George W. Elder, the State expert of the
Board of Supervisors, has advised Mayor
Sutro that the assessment asked by Gar
rett Burke for sewerine Eighteenth street
from Ash bury street to its easterly ter
mination is irregular, and that thesigninp
of the assessment should be deferred until
the worK is properly done. His communi
cation is as follows:
I find on examination of the sewer assess
ment Issued to Garrett Burke for a sewer con
structed on Eighteenth street irom Ashburv to
its easterly termination, that the specifications
have not been complied with as follows:
The specifications require that the sewer
trench should l<e refilled in such manner as to
leave the street in proper condition. I find
that the sewer trench has sunk in some places
all the way from one to three feet. I would,
therefore, recommend that your Honor with
hold your signature until the street is put In
proper condition.
THE ONLY SISTER "DEER"
Miss Tillie Morrisey Made an
Honorary Member of the
Order of Elks.
In Recognition of Many Courtesies She
Is Presented With a Handsome
Silver Card.
The members of Golden Gate Lodge Xo.
6, Benevolent Protective Order of Elk?,
believe in gratitude ana never allow an
opportunity to pass when they can show
their appreciation of courtesies.
On many occasions Miss Tillie Morrisey,
a well-known singer, has volunteered when
the lodge gave entertainments for the en
joyment of their many friends, and added
to the attractiveness of the performance
by vocalizations which were always well
received. At the last meeting of the lodge,
after the routine business was over, a com
mittee of three was selected, of which C. W.
Nevin was appointed to call on the lady
and inform her that her presence was
wanted at the lodgeroom, and when it
was announced that she was present act-
Miss Tillie Morrisey, the Only "Deer" of the Benevolent Protective Order of Elks
in California.
ing Exalted Ruler W. V. Schlam declared
the lodge at ease and the members joined
hands and sang "Auld Lang Syne."
The commntee and the lady then en
tered the room and marched to the altar,
where she was formally introduced to each
member, and then the acting exalted
ruler, in a brief SDeech, presented Miss
Morrisey a beautiful wine-colored velvet
case, and on raising the cover the lady dis
covered a heavy silver card, on which was
engraved:
Charity. Justice.
Mis* Tillie Morrisey: Golden Gate Lodge, No.
6, B. P. O. Elks, takes pleasure in presenting
you this card as a token of love and esteem for
courtesies extended.'
J. O. Reis, Exalted Ruler.
Brotherly Love. Fidelity.
The lady was also civen a certificate
showing that she had been elected an hon
orary member of the lodge, and the state
ment was made that she was the only
"sister deer" belonging to the order in Cal
ifornia.
Miss Morrisey thanked "her brothers"
for the honor conferred and for the beauti
ful gift, after which she joined them in
singing "Should Auld Acquaintance be
Foreot."
MRS. GOODSPEED'S WILL.
It la Probable That the Older Children
Will Contest It.
The will of Mrs. Lucy Goodspeed was
filed for probate yesterday and already
there are rumors to the effect that the will
will be contested.
Mrs. Goodspeed left an estate valued at
$300,000. To her three adult children ?he
left $500 apiece and the remainder of her
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1896.
%rjm&sm \fy- THE BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS |
gE M^i.- /i\\u-W 1 / Have the whole of the east side clear through from Market street to Stevenson (165 feet). The SILKS are across the aisle from 2
\lr\^T>|| Mjl v/ the °' d location * They gain 80 feet of counter for display. This, with extra tables/ gives us over 300 feet of Dress Goods counter 3 ;
:SI ■ \J\- ■ ' lx%\ W room. Interest never flags in this department, and daily visits are necessary now for the woman who would keep thoroughly 12
•: "^^_r-^H!!^__^ A/ posted on the NEW THINGS FOR SPRING. None of the Fashion centers of the world have secrets from us — and what we learn f2
/^''S^%ssy/y~ m ~ *VS an< * what we gather, all is for San Francisco shoppers. . " ;. ; V. ■ =55
I : ';.'1 LADIES'JVAISTS. OLOAK_DEPT. : DOMESTICS. - s , ■ |
fc JJitHllOlO VTV/UJJOf LADIES' CALICO WAISTS, laundered collars LADIES' SEPARATE BROCADED SKIRTS,
;,'i . , . and cuffs, all new patterns, light and dark 5y 2 yards wid^, Rustle percallne, velvet AMERICAN SHIRTING PRINTS, big vari- • __5
. .-.--,• colors, large sleeves, lull back and front, 15 binding around bottom. This is a gem; ety patterns, light and medium colors. . __>•
55^ ??;.„'-!';■?.; patterns. you must see it. Regular price $15. Special, Yard, 5o __5
GROS DE LONDRES, large floral designs on »- :_ Price, 50c Each Our Price for To-day, SI O.OO ;_Jg
g--' three-toned ground, very stylish, 20 shades.  LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS, laundered col- *■«'• :/■__*_ — <•
«»-" ' Price, SI • 00 Yard, lars and cuffs, new patterns and colorings, ■ " ; v':'.' ;--' % - . —^
; ■ ' . stripes, - checks and figures, full sleeves 50 LADIES' HAVANA BROWN CAPES BLEACHED MUSLIN, 36 Inches wide, soft —m
•— . back and front. trimmed with braid around uppe^caoeiand ■ finish, value 9c. _/ -^»
*^~ . : Price, 75c Kacb collar. This Is a little beauty. Regular . • Special, Yard, 70 —m
TAFFETA SILK, a good, stiff, heavy quality, ' : LADIES' BATKEN FINISHED WAISTS.' . price $5. _ _ ■
SI a black strii.eonchangeablegrounds,a very ; .. laundered collars and cuffs, small checks, _J Oui Price, 53.00 . --•
5T striking material for skirts, an exceptional new. shades, full back and front, large . NEW WASH DIMITY, 27 inches wide, raised — *
value, seven shades, including black. sleeves, patented skirt hanger and adjuster. 75 LADIES' BROWN MIXED JACKETS. • cord, light and medium colors. Wlde ' ralsed 12
: Price, SI. OO Yard ■_____ 1 rice, 8»c Each double-breasted, loose front, very largo . , . B'^c and 12'<c Yard
fc: • LADIES' CHAMBKaY AND SOFT FIN- •• "-~- sleeves. 24 inches lone, 4 buttons, ripple . . • y * . __*»
SS^ " ISHKD ■ PERCALE WAISTS, laundered b * ok - Regular ?5 jackets. J —^
collar and cuffs. Rob Boy plaids, red. blue, Our Price, 93.50 . — «»
i JEm green and black, broken checks, patented . wttw at>t nniPiriiTvii ,-r-.. « -»««„.- h. —^
SI FIGURED TAFFETA.narrow yellow stripes of . skirt hanger, big sleeves. ' ■ . NEW ART DRAPERIES crepe effects, tin- 1-2
! dainty floral designs on a three-toned . . Price, SI. OO Kach 100 LADIES' TAN COVERT-CLOTH JACK- sciea with pretty floral designs. __^
! SI ground, for waists, 10 shades, 19 inches — • ETS, % silk-lined sleeves, capned with - Special this week, loc and 20c Yard -•
Ig- wide. LADIES' BLACK "FRENCH PERCALE . silk, dounle-breasted loose front, '24 inches . --*»
'■ Si Price, SI. OO Yard WAISTS, heavy quality, laundered collar long, ripple back. This garment must be . '< V-— — -*•
• ... and cuffs, large sleeves, full back and front. seen to be appreciated. Regular $8 50 .':,■- ** m
SI : Price, 81.00 Kach jacket. »- nrt ' NEW LINEN EFFECTS, 29 inches wide, 13
i »= LADIES' FRENCH PERCALE WAISTS, .^;r : unr race, Ho.OO solid colors, raised cord, variety of patterns. -^
2_r: FANCY TAFFFTA 19 Inches wide heavv -r soft finish, laundered collar and cuffs, solid • • , ■ . ■ i • • 12}<c, 15c and* 20c Yard _«
n,r.iitru...TV ' i colors, in all new shadps,'. fine stripes with 60 LADIES' CAPES, tan, trimmed over -__•
n- H-jiuu. _ ,■.„.__.-, white edge, large plaids, all big sleeves to with brown braid, high ruche collar of fancy ' — "_S
g- Special Sale, 59c Yard • wrist, full back and front. silk. This Is a decided bargain at $8 50. - . — •
51- . ».V;—v Price 81 25 Fach * Our price to start the season NEW MADRAS CLOTH. 32 inches wide, ■ .~^
•t: • - — ■ ■'■--■ * ' **^" . , -_ 85.00 :".-.. extra fine quality, soft finish, pretty for r_s
gT* _ .■r.-.*i LADIES' SOFT -FINISHED PERCALE — — - " waists and dresses. — >•
»-- WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, white 60 LADIES' SILK VELVET CAPES lined 15c Yard _^5
•^ FRENCH NOVELTY SUITINGS, 40 inches. . . ground, with mixed plaid effect, swell 'with black silk. 24 Inches long, col- ' •
crepe effects, swell colorings, very new. •. shades in pink, yellow, green and blue,- full , lar a regular *16 50 cape. Our price as a "~ _lS
. ' T>>> .i rn v..j sleeves to wrist, patented skirt adjuster.- Wrier - -V ' -tZ
»- Price, SI. 50 Yard Price 81 ..-,«> i  i. leaaer •moo NEW SATEENS. In all new and desirable pat- 13
s^: . x ... ■ . ■ ■ ' «"•"» fjafn • • 81U ' U " terns, figured Persian effects and stripes. z^
SI NOVELTY BROCHE SUITING, very striking, JT^J C-J^PTC 3 i^kl^^^ m , ; • US
2: four 8 cx)lo S ring e s* So'nches'wSus? *nC SILK HEAD RESTS, cord and tassels, as- i HAT ELASTIC, round, In black only. .-. MNEN SWISS. 32 Inches wide, colored dots - "^
;•— Price SI 25 Yard sorted colors. -- - - ,«.«-■«. lc Yard on linen-colored ground. • r25
rnce, si.»o xara ■ 15 C Each • Yard, 500 "^5
s£: TRAY CLOTHS, white, hemstitched, 15x26 COTTON ELASTIC, 1 Inch wide, white only. . ~~ . r '^
. inches, value double. Reducea to . NEW DRESDEN DRAPERY, 36 inches wide. __-•
3C~ SILK AND WOOL STRIPE, a very desirable . , ____ 15c Kach ■■■'■__ \ ■ <ac lllra white stripe and dots on Swiss ground, with "^
•— suiting, 3-toned color effects, 40 Inches wide. *ma r. T.c.x-/-i T r o . . ,■ * floral designs. • ■..,«■ —^»
•£= . l>^« «i no v * PROGRESS LEAD PENCILS, nickel, tipped PENCIL BOXES, plain wood; penholder, lead aesigns. Yard, 250 __2
ST_T Price, SI. OO Yard with rubber, 3 for 5 cents. and slate pencil go with It! . *uro, <«oo .—^
g- . ■ _ ■ , 20c Dozen ' 3 C Kach — ■•
*— rRrvR PAN AND SCRAPER nickel irV 77" BLEACHED NAPKINS.odd lots, fine quality, "^
• NOVELTY SUITING. 38 inches wide, a small ■ plated- will close i.t ' '. ei " PENCIL TABLETS, unruled, 1 inch thick. slightly soiled. ---aj
e^- silk thread running through a richly col- ' . • 25c Set <>■ 5c Each 22x22 inches, were $2 50; special. $2 00 dozen --«
g~ ored ground. . 25x25 inches, were $4 00; special, $2 95 dozen —^
•— ' Price, 75c Yard pji. LOW SHAMS, hemstitched, white lawn, LACE SHELF PAPER, 10 yards to a piece 27x27 inches, were $s and $6; special *3 90 doz 13
S^ • ■ ■ 30 inches square, stamped. _^^ blue, yellow. . ' r^
65c J alr 7c Piece
: FIGURED MOHAIR, 40 inches, swell pat- LADIES* DERBY GLOVES, tans and English BLEACHED ' TURKISH TOWELS, 21x40 -^»
J^Z terns, desirable colorings. reds, sizes from 5Vj to 7i/2- PICTURE FRAMES, cabinet size. inches, value $1 75. __35
g- Price, 50c Yard J 65c Pair 10c Kach Special, 81.25 Dozen — «
i 937=939=941=943=945 C/Z A /rfc*^ 937=939=941=943=945 i
| MARKET ST. O^r^2^^^V^2^2/# MARKET ST. |
fc g INCORPORATED. 3
i property she left to her executors in trust
j for her two minor children. The execu
j tors are Daniel Sullivan and P. H. Meyer.
The contestants will be the older chit
' dren, who have been practically disin
! herited by their mother. They will allege
! undue influence.
The executors say that Mrs. Goodspeed
j has for years intended to divide her prop
■ erty just as she has done, for her divorced
i husband has considerable means of his
I own, and she expected him to help ;the
older children. She was a shrewd woman
and always transacted her own business,
and the executors do not believe the will
can. be broken. To justify her disposal of the
property Mrs. Goodspeed says in her will:
That my motive may not be misunderstood
I here state that I give the most of my property
to my two minor children because of their
tender years ana consequent helplessness. The
other children are of a«e and better able to
take care of themselves in affairs of the world.
SHARKEY AND GREGGAINS.
The Pugilist* Will Meet lv an Kight-
Round Content This Kvenlng.
The much talked-of contest between
Alexander Greggains, the champion of
the tire laddies, and Tom Sharkey, ihe
pride of the American navy, will take
place this evening at the Bush-street Thea
ter.
Sharkey is a favorite at slight odds,
but it is thought that the friend m of Greg
gains will muster at the poolrooms this
evening and bet the supporters of the
hari-hittine Sharkey to a standstill, in
the language of the turfites. Both Shar
key and Gregeains are reported to be in
first-class condition, and it can be safely
predicted that the contest, which is eight
rounds, will be very spirited from atart to
finish.
Following the event of the evening an
eight-round contest will be held between
Phil McGoldrich of Los Angeles and Dal
Hawkins, the pride of the sporting frater
nity who favor local talent. Strange to say,
the Los Angeles man is the favorite in the
betting, notwithstanding the fact that his
opponent can blind him so far as scientific
boxing is concerned
DREAD THE STRANGLER
His Work Has Caused a Panic
Among the Demi-Mond
aines.
The Police Are Unable to Fathom the
Mystery of the Berthe Paradis
Murder.
It has cost the lives of two unfortunate
women— May McDermott and Berthe Par
adis — to somewhat relieve the congestion
of bare-faced crime in some of the arteries
ofjvice of this City.
The women of the half-world for whom
the mysterious strangler appears to have a
particular preuilection are terror-stricken,
and are stampeding in all directions.
Three of the American and two of the
Japanese women on St. Mary street va
cated their dens yesterday, but the French
women, who require more time to gather
up their effects, remained over night, and
many of them will to-day put up "to let"
signs on their windows.
Many of these women and their con
sorts own small ranches in the country,
some of which are located in the neigh
borhood of outlying towns in the surround
ing counties. It is their custom each sum
mer to spend a couple of weeks in the
country, and they will take advantage of
the strangler scare to hasten their depar
ture and lengthen their stay.
The detectives, directed by Captain Lees,
have interrogated every habitue and every
resident of St. Mary street and its entour
age, hoping to obtain some clew that
would lead to the identity of the mur
derer. Their researches, however, have so
far proved futile. Those who knew the
woman regarded her as a sickly thing who
should have been sent to the hospital long
since, as the stamp of death had placed it
self on her brow nearly a year a^ro. They
were aware that while her "friend and pro
tector," Cresar Cuabert, was magnanimous
enough to refrain from beating her, he
still insisted that she, broken down and
suffering, continue at her infamous traffic
to earn money for his support.
The males in that sphere of degradation
had little to say about the dead woman.
To their blunted sense of justice and mo
rality the killing assumed tne form of a
dread epidemic that might sooner or later
be visited upon their own bread-winners.
They filled the ears of all listeners with
praises for their fellow-idler, Caesar
Chabert. They regarded it is an outrage
that his belongings in the way of letters,
papers and clothing had been removed
from the dead woman's room, and espe
cially that anybody could believe he had
a hand in the crime. "Why should he kill
her?" they asked, and in the same breath
answered the question themselves, saying:
"Why. he just worshiped the ground she
walked on. Every night he would call and
escort h«»r from her room, and at times
when she was sick and too weak to walk
be would pick her up like a child and
carry her to their lodgings at 528 Pine
street."
Captain Lees ■ questioned ' Cesar. Cbabert
very closely last « night* in ; regard to the
financial condition of the woman. His
statement was -to. the ."effect ; that she had
but little money when he saw her last alive.
She had then bat $2 and a $10 piece he gave
her.'out of which she spent $6 for a wrapper,
$3 for the rent of her room and 50 cents for
face-powder. li The remainder of the money
was found in the dead woman's purse.
. Cesar Chabert on Tuesday night.suc
ceeded in gaining permission to have the
body removed rto an undertaKer's i estab
lishment, whence she will rbe buried to
morrow afternoon. Yesterday afternoon
the body was returned to the morgue for a
few minutes,' where it was viewed by the
jury which is to sit on the case this morn
ing, and it was subsequently sent back Sto
the undertaker.:
Free Silver j
* WC WILL SEND FREE \
i One Sit Scarf Pin { r ° rl2 o°.°T^ ;
i —^— — ■— ■— — — »^— ■ I 2 Coupons and 12 ots. ,
WC WILL ALSO SEND FREE. '
ONE PAIR OF
StDnk Sleeve Buttons { '" "STK?'
— ( 2 Coupons and 30 ots. ' '
You will find one coupon inside each 2 ounce big, mnd I '
i two coupons inside each 4 ounce bag of \ I
BLACKWELL'S GENUINE
DURHAM TOBACCO.
BEND COUPONS WITH NAME and ADDRESS TO
j BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO CO., DURHAM, N. C.
I Buy a bag of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read the I
t coupon, which gives a list of other premiums and how to get them. Jv
2 CENT STAMPS ACCEPTED.
PATRONIZE HONE INDUSTRY.
BUY DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAR IRON 51. 75 bane
ANGLE 1R0N............ 2.25 flat
BAND IRON. 2.00 ••
Kound Edge Tire Steel... 2.00 flat
Toe •'......... 2.40' "
Plow ■,«• 2.25 "
German Hammered " 3.75 base
Pick ** .4.00"
Machinery .'.* ......... . 2.00 "
Spring •♦ ..;...... 2.50 •* "
Cold Kolled ; " 3.25 '♦
Finished Khafting ............... 3.25 "
Terms : — Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON NI'F'G. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MANLY VIGOR
«anntsS|ffSV^ - (")NCE MORE In harmony
hyGA " with the world,' 2000
j lilt iL completely cured men are
I ! ijjK* \\ singing happy praises for
I [gL_. •,',!___ the greatest, grand-:
pilLUM^S^R^j^ est and most Buc-i
nrrrrnfln*>«^^SS ceasf ill cure for sex-
j :; u^*3£vSr ua * weakness and
I ! i rV^wcsJ^Sv lost vigor known to
i ! b4^N«-~^YV>wVv medical science. An i
: | Y^^^^llS-5 V acc oant of this won-
Jiisa 'y^eieJß^irjr derful discovery, in
crg^. If/p^k^r^ bonk form , wit ref-
*^lXs_J^(>-3** eroncea and proofs,:
■ V \~' y "■: ■■■ .. will be sent to suf-
fering men (sealed) free. Full manly vigor
: permanently restored. Failure Impossible.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., BUFFALO.N.Y.
JBQHi WIJLCOX COMPOUND
TM WIL.C OX COMPOUND
ANSyP/LLS
■ T"Safearid SURE. Always reliable. Take
, nosubstitute. Forsale by all druggists. $2.00. Send
. 4c. for Woman' i Safeguard. WirCOX SPECIFIC i
* CO., 228 SOUTH EIGHTH ST., PHIL A DA., PA,
"THRIFT IS A COOD REVENUE." GREAT
SAVING RESULTS FROM CLEAN-
LINESS AND
SAPOLIO
DR. PIERCES '%£ GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
Js the Latest Patent; '■ contains ; nil Improvements
, and is sold at one-lut(f tbe price asked for inferior,
but much-advertised electric belts.
:. The results accomplished by- Dr. Plerce's belts
! are simply wonderful, thousands of cures having
I been made where physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief. '. -.-.
The strongest possible evidence will be given to
Inquirers as to the efficacy ; and superiority of Dr.
: I Plerce's belts, and a thorough examination and
'. ; ' comparison of these (foods with all others is re-
. spectfully Invited of all intending purchaser* of an
Electric Belt." 83T Call or write for free Pamph-
let No. 51.". . Address •
I)KS. IIERCE & SON,
704 i Sacramento Street. ■
■ 2d, 3rd and 4th floors, San Francisco, Cal..
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND .ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
, 809. to 813 Folsom Street, and : 300 to
\, ;. 400 '.Howard . Street, front
;'>;; Fremont to Ke»le. . •
Office 813 Folsom Street.
COSMOPOIjITAN,
. Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Sao.
I > ran Cisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel In
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms, 500
and 75c a day. < Free coach to and from the hotel.
, Look for the coach bearing the name of the Co r
| mopolitao HoteL WM. FAHEY, Proprietor.
DA£AAt\
THAT
TRUSS=FRAME
MEANS . • . ,
THE "FOWLER!"
SEE EXHIBIT
Spaces No. 11 and 12, Cycle Show,.
MECHANICS PAVILION.
-A-G-ZEHM-TSI ALSO
FOB THE—
"BEN = HUR,"
The Best Bicycle Made
FOR $85.00.
BICYCLE REPAIRING A SPECIALTY
Full Line of Bicycle Sundries
at Lowest Prices.
SKj|M?Vft|^oreT^roarfimples!~CopperH
k3HA7t TUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.M
SBuicors in Mouth. Hair-Fallin^f V> rite COOS.BB
BkeMEDY CO., 807 ait«onlc TcmpleJH
Hchlcaffo, 111., for proofs of cures. Capita
Hi ai, : 0000,000. Worst cases cored la • law
MJto 85 day. 100-page ft-«e. M
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rhenraatism, Neuralgia, r.rui«« a
Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swellings
> IT STOPS ALL PAIN. "
ALL DRUGGISTS % SELL IT
SO CEXTS AND 81 A BOTTLE
"^deweyTcq^ppT'
K> "PATENTS 3
SI&ZZQ MARKET S.T.SISSSr