VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 5.
GOLD DELEGATES SHUT OUT,
Silver Men Carry the Day
at Kentucky's State
Convention.
JOE BLACKBURN LEADS.
Instructions Given to Vote as
a Unit for Him at
Chicago.
CLEVELAND ESCAPES CENSURE.
But in No Uncertain Terms the
Platform Plainly Declares
for Bimetallism.
LEXINGTON. Ky., June 4.— The second
day of the State Convention of the Demo
crats was ushered in by a bright day and
delightful breezes, harbingers of peace and
goodwill sentiment which a night of rest
in the assurance of victory had fostered in
the hearts of the silver men. Harmony
seemed to be the watchword of both fac
tions. There had been a feeling of uneasi
ness on the part of the gold men, who
feared that the silver crowd would in the
intoxication of victory denounce Cleveland
and Carlisle, but the platform while de
claring for a policy diametrically opposed
to that of the present administration has
not a word of censure for the Democratic
ptandard bearer and the Secretary of the
Treasury.
It declares in emphatic terms for the
free coinage of siiver at the ratio of 16 to 1,
and opposes the issue of bonds in time
of peace and the national banking sys
tem. On the tariff question it declares
that the Government has no right to con
trol tariff duties for other than revenue
purposes.
The delegates elected were instructed to
ts a unit for Blackburn for President.
itor Blackburn is at the head of the
. and John S. Shea, P. W. Hard-
I V. i. Kllis are his running mates.
Tarvin of Covington and W. B.
Smith of Clark were chosen electors.
<'olonel Breckinridge was called upon to
;ik and delivered an eloquent appeal
for.the gold standard which was listened
to with marked attention and respect by
md was frequently inter
rupted with hearty cheers.
The convention was called to order at
bis in u.- u ing, with the number of
... thinned out, many hav
eturned home. The chair at once
; for the reports of committees. The
of the permanent organization
committee arranges for a complete reor
ganization of the party machinery from
ict committeemen up. Every gold
ousted and free-silver Blackburn
men appointed instead. Major P. P.
n of this city is named as the chair
man of the State Central Committee.
The credentials committee reported
v after 10 o'clock. The majority re
i out practically all the gold del-
It was followed by a minority
• and a protest from the gold men.
Alter ,-ome discussion the minority report
was sent back to the credentials commit
tee as not being regular.
Colonel H. L. Stone of Louisville then
made a speech in defense of the Louisville
'eiegatiun. He was particularly severe on
Captain Jim Williams, and w.jen he re
re i red to the captain's record as a bully
Williams started for Colonel Stone, shak
irm his fist, but he was pulled back, .latk
Chirm then began to shout at Stone. He
was wild with rage, but he was suppressed,
and Colonel kept on.
T. T. Finn of Franklin defended the ma
jority report, denying all of Colonel
htone's charges.
The majority report was adopted. The
ited delegates then left the hall.
The expected bolt of the Louisville
I- money men did not take place. The
iittee on permanent organization
tnen made its report. The report named
Hon. Charles K. Wheeier of McCraeken
for permanent chairman. The report of
the committee on permanent organization
was adopted, and Wheeler took the chair.
Mr. Blackburn, P. W. Hardin, J. S. Rhea
and Congres-man W. T. EKis were elected
delegates at large to the Chicago conven
tion by acclamation.
The majority report of the committee on
resolutions was also adopted. The electors
for the Siato at large are Hon. W. B.
Smith of Madison and James P. Tarvin of
X nton. The convention adjourned at
" o'clock. The platform says :
"We are in favor of an honest dollar, a
dollar worfh neither more nor less than
100 cents. W T e favor bimetallism, and to
that end we demand the free and unlim
ited coinaere of both gold and silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1 as standard money at equal
le^'al tender power, independent of the
aof any other Nation. We hold that
the Secretary of the Treasury should ex
ercise his legal right to redeem all the coin
obligations in goid or silver, aB may be
most convenient, ami are opposed to the
issue of bonds in time of peace for the
maintenance of the gold reserve. We are
opposed to the national banking system,
and to any enlargement of its powers.
"We are opposed to any contraction of
the currency by the retirement of green
backs or otherwise.
We declare it to be a fundamental prin
ciple af Democracy that the Federal Gov
ernment has no power to impose and
collect tariff duties except for the purposes
ol revenue only, and the contraction of
taxes should be limited to the neces
ii the Government."
I be delegates to the Chicaco convention
are instructed to vote as a unit for Hon. J.
( 3. Blackburn for President of the
United States.
NOT AFTER SECOND PLACE.
Speaker Herd Will Decline the Nomina
tion for Vice- President.
y NEW YORK, N. V.. June 4.— A Re
corder special from Washington says:
Speaker Reed will not accept the Vice-
Presidency if it shall be offered to him.
He will decline if he shall be nominated
to the position by the unanimous TOte of ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
the Republican National Convention, and
if no other way is presented he will de
cline it after the convention shall have
adjourned. There is no power that can
induce nim to consider the nomination.
He is a candidate for the office of Presi
dent and for that alone. If he should fail
in this he will retire to private life or else
return to the House of Representatives,
where lor the last ten years he has borne
the brunt of the light that the Republican
party has carried on against Democratic
policies. The Recorder correspondent is
authorized to make tnis statement in the
most positive and unmistakable language.
Speaker Reed's name will be presented
to the St. Louis convention as New Eng
land's choice for the Presidency. The
nominating speech will probably be made
dv Henry Cabot L>dge. although this has
not yet been definitely determined. Reed
will receive substantially the solid vote of
New England, with the exception of Ver
mont, and on the ballot it is expected he
will receive others.
Speaker Reed has already authorized
Senator Lodge and Mr. Aldrich of Illinois
to announce in unmistakable terms that
he will not accept a nomination for the
Yice-Presia.-ncy in case of failure to secure
the other place.
Ceiore the convention meets he places
this statement in writing in such a way
that there can be no misunderstanding.
If the convention should nominate him it
would act with its eyes open, and Reed
would feel no compunction about refusing
to accept the place. He believes he can
render hia party better s>ervice in the
House o: Representatives than in tue
Vice-Presidential chair.
If Reed were preparing to retire from
public life his friends hold there might
be some reason for his accepting such a
purely uonorary place as that of Vice-
President ; but they think if he remains
in public life he will continue to be the
real leader of his party, whether nom
inated for President or not, and that in
his capacity the House is better suited to
him than any other place.
F OP PLISTS OF MAINE.
Their Platform Declares for Silver in No
Uncertain Way.
LEWISTON, Me., June 4.— The Maine
! Populist Convention was held in Auburn
i to-day. Isaac R. ClurK of Bangor re
j ported for the committee on credentials
425 delegates. O. D. Chapman made re
marks censuring Senator Allen of Nebras
ka for his speech in Congress advocating
pa(>er currency on a silver and gold basis.
Mr. Chapman introduced a resolution
I against trusts and monopolies and de
manding free coinage of silver and gold at
j a ratio of 1H to 1. James E. Champion of
! Portland led off in the deiense of Senator
: Allen and in opposition to the adoption of
j the resolution. The resolution was tabled.
The resolutions reported reaffirm devo
id tion to the principles of the Omaha plat
form; demand the coinage of both silver
and cold on a ratio of 16 to 1, without
asking the consent of any other nation;
demand the payment of our bonded debt,
; and that hereafter no bonds shall be
issued under any circumstances; that
i Congress shall assume its constitutional
j right to issue a greenback currency, which
must De a full legal tender for all debts,
| public and piivate, until the sum total of
i money in circulation shall reacu $30 per
capita.
The resolutions also favor Government
po-session of all railroad, telegraph and
telephone systems; that ali undesirable
foreign immigration be prohibited, and
I that all trusts and combinations be for
ever prohibited and their promoters
: treated as political outlaws.
Professor Luther C. Batcman of Auburn
was nominated for Governor by acclama
tion. Mr. Bateman accepted the nomina
tion and addressed the convention.
IOWA'S LAJtGJi DELEGATIONS.
They Will Look After Senator Allison'*
Interests at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 4.— The two busi
est, men in the city to-day were T. E.
Byrnes of the Republican National Com
mittee and Serpeant-at-Arms Swords of
! the National Convention. Colonel Swords
has completed every detail for the accom
modation of the National Committeemen,
who will arrive here Monday next. On
the Wednesday following their arrival the
. first formal meeting will be held, when
1 the roll of delegates will be made up. This
■ roll will not include contestants, as that
'■ matter will rest with the credentials com
mittee.
General Clarkson of lowa will probably
be the only absentee, owing to illness.
Colonel Swords hails from lowa, and has
been and is still an Allison man.
"You can say," he said, "that the Sena
tor's name will be presented. We have an
abundance of oratorical talent in lowa,
and our candidate's name will be placed in
nomination in a fitting manner. Who
will have this pleasant duty has not yet
been determined. Despite the apparent
one-sided appearance of the situation lowa
will be represented here by large delega
tions. Their adherence to Senator Allison
has not and will not waver. Nothing is
decided till the nomination is made."
Mr. Byrnes visited the office of the
ticket-printers to-day and found that the
tickets were nearly complete and would be
delivered shortly. The demand for tick
ets is very great.
The press committee was in conference
this afternoon with Sergeant-at-Arms
Byrnes and has completed arrangements
lor the allotment of seats in the press sec
tion at the convention auditorium.
The list of employes will not be given
out until after the meeting of the Na
tional Committee, June 10. Nearly all of
the pages will be soii3 of distinguished
delegates. The sergeant-at-arms will dis-
tribute the tickets.
Mr. Heath of Cincinnati, the advance
representative of Governor McKinley, has
already opened his headquarters at the
Southern. He will be joined in a few days
by General Grosvenor. Mark Hanna of
Cleveland, who is manager-iu-chief of the
Ohio statesman's campaign, will arrive
Monday.
REID VISITS McKINLEY
And Incidentally Talk* About Him Xatne
unkr of Maine.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 4.— Whitelaw
Reid, editor of the New York Tribune, was
here for a short time to-day. After a brief
call on Mr. Hanna, he left at 11 o'clock to
visi- McKinley at ; Canton. An inquiry
was made as to Mr. Reid's views concern- ,
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 5, 1896.
Mass- Meeting Held in the Parlors of the St. James Hotel by the Women of San Jose to Help Raise the Sum of Ten
Thousand Dollars for the Capture of James Dunham.
ing the men to be given the second place
on the ticket.
"My big namesake from Maine would
undoubtedly make the ideal candidate,"
said Mr. Reid. "The sentiment for him
seems to prevail in ali parts of the cqun
try."
"Will ne accept?" was asked.
"The question should be, Can he re
fuse?"
"Would you accept the place?"
"I am not a candidate."
"Should protection or silver be made
the chief issue?"
"The issue is simply that the people
realize that they made a mistake when
they intrusted the Government to the
Democrats four years ago, and that they
will put back the party that ?ave them a
strong protective tariff, a creditable foreign
policy and a sound currency."
CANTON, Omo, June 4.— Whitelaw
Reid paid his expected visit to Canton to
day. He went at once to Major McKin
ley's home, lunched with him and spent
all the afternoon with the major. What
the purport of their interview was is not
for the public to know just yet, for neither
will talk. Mr. Reid took the 5 o'clock
train for Cleveland, whence he goes direct
to the East.
SOLID FOR SILVER.
Virginia Democrats Put a Strong White-
Mrtal flunk in Their Platform.
STAUNTON. Va., June 4.— The free
and unlimited coinage of silver at 16 to 1
is the slogan of the Democrats here. It
was put in the platform to-day in the
State Convention, and the following dele
gates-at-large are instructed to vote for
the white-metal policy: JoKn W. Daniel,
W. A. Jones, H. S. K. Morrison and C. A.
Swanson.
The convention was called to order at
noon by Hon. T. J. Ellison, chairman of
the State Committee. John Bell Bigger
was made temporary chairman and Joseph
Dutton of Appomattox temporary secre
tary.
After the chairman's address and the ap
pointment of committees the convention
at I p. m. took a recess to 3 p. m.
On reassembling the committee on per
manent organization submitted the name
of Micajah Woods of Charlottesville as
permanent chairman and J. Bell Bigger
and Joseph Dutton secretaries. These
recommendations were confirmed by the
convention.
While waiting for the report of the com
mittee on resolutions Senator Martin
made a speech, commending the cause of
free silver. He was confident that if all
the Democrats of the country were in
spired as those present they would elect
their President this year, and one, he
said, who would be in accord with his
party.
No one could, he said, be a greater
"party wrecker" than the last one elected
by the Democracy. This sentiment evoked
prolonged cheers" from the silver and some
hisses irom the gold men.
Senator Martin said there were some
things with which he differed with his
Continued on Second Page.
MAKING A PATHWAY FOR PROSPERITY.
Hauling Ties From the Construction Train of the San Joaquin Valley Railroad to the
Trackmen Who Were Stationed Along the Roadbed Ready to Complete the Work.
CAPITALIST CORBIN
IS FATALLY INJURED,
Expires Soon After Having
Been Thrown From
His Carriage.
OTHERS HURT IN THE ACCIDENT
Distinguished Career Hewn Oat by
the Noted Railroad Magnate
and Banker.
NEWPORT, N. H., June 4.— Austin
Corbin, the New v"-kv "-k capitalist and rail
road ma^naf, a.ul i, nephew, Corbiu
Edgell, with Dr. Paul Kunzier and Coach
man John Stokes, started on a fishing trip
about 3 o'clock to-day. On going out of
the yard at the farmhouse the horsesshied,
tipping over the open carriage, throwing
the occupants down an embankment about
ei^'ht feet against a stonewall. The family
saw the accident and hurried to his assist
ance with the farm help. They found Mr.
Corbin conscious but terrioly wounded.
His nephew and the doctor were also con
scious.
The coachman was unconscious and ap
parently hurt the worst of all. They were
carried to the house and doctors sum
moned. Mr. Corbin's injuries were very
serious, a compound fracture of the right
leg above the knee, a feariul scalp wound
over four inches long on the forehead, one
on the right side of the head three inches
long, and the hip and shin cut badly.
Dr. Kunzier was thrown over the wall
and sustained a broken arm and sprained
ankle, so far as known, and Corbin Edgell
had his leg twice broken between the
knee and ankle. John Stokes' leg was
broken between the knee and ankle, and
he sustained a fractured skull. Stokes
died from his injuries about 6 o'clock,
without regaining consciousness.
The cause of the horses' shying is said to
be that the coachman was driving them
for the first time without blinders.
Mr. Corbin died at 9:42 this evening,
shortly after the arrival of Dr. Cylley from
Boston. His son. Austin Corbin Jr., ar
rived on a special train from Boston about
11 o'clock, but too late to see his father
aiive. All the family were present when
he breathed his last.
NKW YORK, N. V., May 4.— Austin
Corbin was born at Newport, N. H., July
11, 1827. His father was a farmer, who
was many times elected to the Legislature
of New Hampshire. After receiving a
moderate schooling he taught a country
school. Afterward he practiced law in
Rhode Island and New Hampshire, and
in 1851 removed to Davenport, la., where
he remained until 1865.
Though successful as a lawyer Mr. Cor
bin did not practice long. He became a
partner in 1854 in the banking firm of
Macklot & Corbin, which was the only
concern of the kind in Davenport which
did not suspend payment In the financial
panic of 1857. Corbin organized the First
National Bank, which began business un
der the National Currency Act of 1863.
The bank was successful and he was en
abled to come to New York with a consid
erable fortune.
Here he founded the Corbtn Banking
Company and acquired interests until he
became one of the leading financiers Of
the country. Mr. Corbin had a beautifu
home on Long Island and another in New
Hampshire, besides his town houses. His
New Hampshire property consisted of
25,000 acres around Newport, all mountain
and valley. This last property is the
greatest and best-stocked game preserve
on the continent.
AUGIUSTANA SYNUD ME ETS.
Matters of Interest to the Swedish Lv-
theran Church.
OMAHA, Nkbr., June 4. — The Au*ustana
Synod of the Swedish Lutheran church for
the United States and Canada convened
here to-day. The opening services were
held this evening in the Emiuanut-1
Church and the sermon was preached by
Ilev. M. C. Ranseen, D. D., of Chicago, his
subject being "The Approaching Conflict
with Enemies of the Church."
The session of the synod will be formally
opened to-morrow at 9 o'clock, to be pre
sided over by Rev. P. J. Shelard of
Omaha. The ministerium or evangelical
council, which has been in session for sev
eral days, to-day examined the ministerial
certificates.
John Constantine, a missionary recently
returned from Armenia, addressed the
ministerium on the conditions existing in
that country.
Five hundred delegates have already
arrived. The sessions of the synod will
continue for several days and subjects of
vital interest will be discussed.
To-morrow night will occur the ordina
tion of novices, who have been in training
as nurses in the hospitals of this city.
CRUELTIES OF THE SPANISH.
Neither Women Nor Children Are Spared
by Brutal Soldiers, Who Overrun
the Island.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 4. — Information
of a horrible crime committed on a Cuban
woman and two girls of 8 years by Spanish
soldiers near the town of Arroya Guonea,
province of Santiago de Cuba, has just
been received in this city. The woman
and children were assaulted by the sol
■ liers, then killed and burned to hide the
crime.
Near the same village a company of
Spanish soldiers met five negroes with a
cartload of fruit. They were ordered to
dismount, and were immediately bayonet
ed and left in the road. At Minas de
Firmesia a party of ten men were held up
by Spanish soldiers, and after subjecting
them to all sorts of indignities, they were
strung up. some by the wrist, others by the
arms, and then shot. After several hours
hey were discovered. Some time later
:hey were cut down.
On the 25th of May Colonel Rodriguez
at the head of 2000 insurgent cavalry was
within twenty-four miles of Havana.
It is reported on what is considered re
liable authority that General Bermudez
has crossed the trocha with a large body
of insurgents having met with scarcely
;inv resistance from Spanish troops.
It is rumored among naval authorities
:<ere that the steamer Luurada sunk a
ooast guard at the time of the landing of
ncr expedition.
HAMMOND TO BE LIBERATED.
With Other Johannisburg Reformers He
Will Be Re/eased From the Pre
toria Prison.
LONDON, Eng., June 4.— J. B. Robin
son, the South African millionaire, no*
in London, received a dispatch to-day
Irom Pretoria saying that John fiqya
Hammond, Colonel Francis Rhodes.
George Farrar and Lionel Phillips, Ore
four leaders o f the Johjtinisburg Reform
Committee, whose sentences to death
were commuted to fifteen years' imprison
men, will be released from custody to
morrow.
This news does not create any surprise
in official circles, as there has been a feel
ing from the first that there would be n>>
attempt to carry out the severe sentences
that were at first imposed. The action of
the Transyaal Government in pardoning
all except the leaders showed that it was
mercifully inclined, and its action with
reference to the four leaders is conse
quently not unexpe-cted.
FIERCE FIGHTING IN MADAGASCAR.
Insurgent Bandits Lay Siege to the Capi-
ta/, but Are Repulsed With
Heavy Loss.
PARIS, France, June 4.— An official
dispatch received from Antananarivo, the
capital of Madagascar, under date of May
30, says that a party of Fahavolas insur
gent bandits I.tOO strong have made an at
tack upon the town of Anorinabe and de
stroyed it by fire. The insurgents for
three days blockaded a house in which was
stationed a party of French militia who
were protecting Norwegian missionaries
and their families. The blockade was
finally raised by the French with a de
tachment of Kova militia who routed the
Fahavolas, killing 200 of them.
OPPENEIM IS TORONTO.
He Is Sot Making the Least Effort to
Conceal Bis Identity.
TORONTO, Ont., June 4.— Philip Op
penheini, who, according to a Sacramento
(Cal.) dispatch, has been oidered by the
Sacramento Superior Court to turn over to
T. M. Yates, as receiver, some $70,000
which he held as trustee for his mother,
but who disappeared, arrived in Toronto
Sunday last and registered at a hotel as
PhilipOppenheim, Chicago. At the same
time he stated ttiat his home was in Sac
ramento, Cal. He is about 37 yeais old,
plain and unassuming in his manner, and
makes no effort to conceal his identity.
The. Outbreak at Crete.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, June 4.—
The outbreak in the island of Crete has
had the effect of increasing the vigor of
the policy pursued by the palace authori
ties against suspects here. As a result
1500 arrests have been made. Most of
those arrested are Moslems. They include
123 students of the military college, who
are suspected of being in sympathy with
the "young Turk" movement. Many
officials have been deported to distant
provinces, and some secretly put to death.
A Deadly Plague.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, June 4.—
The Porte has received information that a
disease, which is believed to be the plague,
has become prevalent among the men
comprising a regiment of Hamdiel cav
alry, stationed at Caza Oghnas in the
Vilayet of Bitlis, Asia Minor, and inquiry
into the nature of the disease has been or
dered
Jio Mercy for Mrs. Maybrick.
LONDON. Ekg.. June 4.— ln the House
of Commons to-day Sir Matthew White
Ridley, Home Secretary, said, in reply to
questions, that he saw no reason for ex
tending any clemency to Mrs. Florence
May brick, who is serving a life term of
imprisonment in Woking prison for the
murder of her husband.
Turkish Troop* Slaughtered.
BERLIN, Germany, June 4.— A dispatch
from Athens says that a detachment of
Turkish troops, eighty-five in number,
which had returned to the recently be
sieged town of Yamer for the purpose of
removing war material, was attacked by
the Cretans and cut to pieces, only two
succeeding in making i heir escape.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PRESS FORWARD
ON A NEW TRAIL
Officers Think They Are
Close to Murderer
Dunham.
FRESH FORCES SENT IN
PURSUIT.
Jt Is Believed That He Is in
the Vicinity of Hayes
Station.
MANY JOIN IN THE CHASE POR
THE FUGITIVE.
Ladies of San Jose Aroused and They
Will Aid in Securing the
Reward Money.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., June 4.— A tele
phone message from Juan Edson at
Hayes station at 3:15 o'clock this
afternoon created much excitement
on the streets and was accepted aa
the most definite information regarding
the whereabouts of James Dunham since
the message from Oscar Parker that Dun
uam was at Smith's Creek. Edson is ac
companied by H. F. Plummer and George
Sweigert. These three were sworn in as
deputy sheriffs several days ago and were
.it once dispatched for the south toward
Panocse by Sheriff Lyndon in hopes of
overtaking Dunham, who was supposed to
oe making his way in that direction. This
posse was not heard from for some time
previous to yesterday.
Early this morning Edson endeavored
to reach the Sheriff's office from Mendota
by telephone, but Under Sheriff Benson
was out for a few moments and Eclson de
clined to await his arrival. In the after
noon he again telephoned to the Sheriff 3
■irice'from Hayes station, situated in the
western foothills of Fresno County, and
about fourteen miles from Mendota rail
way station and fifteen miles east of Pan
ache, stating that they had received posi
nve information that Dunham was in that
eighborhood, and that they were hot on
is trail. He stated that they had this
morning talked with a reliable man who
described a pedestrian he had seen, and
i h at the description suited Dv n ham exactly
in every particular. The man knew noth
ng of Dunham, but without being ques
ioned gave them all the details regarding
clothes, shoes and hat. From the descrip
tion Edson expressed his belief that Dun
tiam was wearingi ng the same clothes in which
.ie left on ihe night of the murder.
It was claimed that Dunham passed that
point at about 12 o'clock on Wednesday,
and therefore had but twenty-four hours'
start of the officers. As Dunham was on
foot and the officers mounted they thoughc
they could overtake him before another
day had passed. A few minutes later
Under Sheriff Benson attempted to call up
Hayes station again and converse with
J'Mson in regard to the locality of the place
,md the route to be taken, but Edson and
•iosse had gone on the trail of Dunham
tirm in the belief that the murderer waa
unly a short distance before them.
This clew to the whereabouts of the
murderer harmonizes thoroughly with
those received by Sheriffs Lyndon, Hol
orook and Ballou and that received by
Deputy Sheriff Gardner and posse, who
found supposed tracks of Dunham near
the Mountain House. Under Sheriff Ben
son at once telegraphed the information
to the Sheriffs of Fresno, Tulare, King,
Kern and Madera counties. He also sent
word to Fanoche to have Sheriff Lyndon
and posse notified at once by a courier.
At the Sheriff's office the information
received from Edson is given great weight.
He is known to be a man of cool judg
ment in matters of this nature and his
acceptance of the evidence ot° the man who
claims to have seen Dunham is considered
significant that he is upon the ri<;ht track.
It is thought that Dunham is still sticking
to the foothills as they offer him better
refuge than the plains. The employes of
every railroad station about that section
of the country Have been notified and are
upon the watch for a man answering tha
description of Dunham in case he should
apply for railroad transportation, in which,
case it is thought he is sure to be captured
in a short time.
The report of Under Sheriff Mansfield of
San Mateo County and Deputy Sheriff
Haeden of this county, who returned to
night from the south, strengthens the be
lief that the trail upon which Sheriffs
Lyndon and Ballou and posse and Deputy
Sheriff Juan Edson and posse are working
is correct. Under Sheriff Mansfield left on
Sunday for Bells station and worked
northeast across the mountains as far aa
San Joaquin County. They first struck
the trail of Dunham at the Mountain
House in Pacheco Pass, where he waa
seen by vaqueros jumping out of a manger
at 4 o'cloak on Monday morning. They
next heard of him twenty-five miles south
on the divide, where he passed the same
evening about 6 o'clock through a wheat*
field on the Drew ranch.
Here he robbed the garden patch of a
quantity of peas. About thirty-five miles
below this point he was found to have
taken supper at the Mercer ranch at the
head of the little Pinoche Valley. Mrs.
Mercer stated that the man took supper at
her house on Tuesday night. She offered
him a bed in the barn upon some hay for
the night, but he declined the offer, and
went to the bed of the creek to pass the
night. She saw him emerge from the
creek early the next morning, but he did
not stop for breakfast, and went down the
creek bed.
When the officers showed Mrs. Mercer a
picture of Dunham she stated positively
that he was the man who had stopped at
her house for supper. She did nut think,
however, that her visitor had any scratches
upon his face.
The officers followed the gulch for about
twenty miles, but hearing nothing of tha
murderer, returned by a circuitous route.
The? met Sheriff Lyndon and posse aftet2
DISTRICT ATTORNEY HKKRIXGTON, M. F. HERRINGTON,
Secretary of the Cottlmituo of Safety. *■ hairman of the Committee of Safety.
From photographs by Hill.]
traveling north for about twenty miles and
told them what they had heard and. the
latter pushed on in that direction. The
times at which Dunham is alleged to have
been seen correspond exactly to the time
in which a pedestrian is liable to hava
taken to traverse the roush country in
which he was seen and strengthens the be
lief that the posses oi the Sheriff are upon
the right trail and only a short distance
behind the fugitive murderer.
The country throuch which the trailed
man has passed, it is said, affords ample '
opportunity for securing both food and
water. Woodchoppers have cabins along
the route, and these are fairly supplied
with provisions and left open during the
days when the men are at work some dis
tance away. The territory east ol Pinoche j
is described as being principally rolling
land in which a pedestrian could make
good time, but it is also accessible to a
horseman.
A posse of four horsemen, with blankets
and provisions, left here to-night for Tres
Pinos, and will push on to the route sup
posed to have been taien by ths murderer.
The posse consists of Ira Woods, William
Valpy, J. D. Wieland and Seth Churchill.
LADIES ARE INTERESTED.
They Pledge Aid in Securing the Re-
ward.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 4.— The reports
as to the whereabouts of Murderer Dun
ham seem to grow more and more scat
tering and the scents to grow cooler and
cooler and in the same proportion that
they do so the people of Santa Clara grow
more and more impatient.
The committee of safety is hard at
work in their effort to raise the. amount of
the reward to the $10,000 promised.
Chairman Hylands, Secretary Harrington,
Mitchell Phillips and all the members of
the commi; tee appointed at the mass-meet
ing are giving nearly all their time to the
work.
This morning in response to a call
issued by the committee mere was a sort
of mass-meeting oi ladies held in the large
dance Hall of the St. James Hotel to take
steps for farthering the work. The ladies
are very mucn interested, and another
meeting has been arranged to be held at
the same place to-morrow afternoon.
They pledge their best endeavors to
raise the amount required, and assure the
committee that they have no doubt that it
will be raised.
At the same time they feel a certain
delicacy in the situation that causes them
to expressly request that the names of j
each ami all of them be withheld from the
public — that is, kept out of the news- i
papers. They do not fancy their names
being associated with the offer of a re
ward for the body of a man— even of such
a man as Dunham — dead or aiive. That
offer, to them, seems to invite the killing
of the man, and, while they admit that he
deserves death without trial, they do not
wish to go ao far as to say so in print.
Then there is another reason for wishing,
to keep out of print in this matter ar-d
that is one that cannot be appreciated at
any great distance from this city. That
reason is the absolute terror under which
the community is suffering.
Individuals— Especially women— are in
terror lest this iiiah shall return and re
peat the horror of Campbells here in this
city. In view of the extraordinary en
deavors being made to overtake Dunham
in various parts of the State this fear may
seem strange to people remote from the
scene who fail to understand the peculiar
character of the murderer.
But there is among the more timid, and
especially among those who knew some
thing of the strange, quiet man, a belief
that the murder at Campbells was only a
climax to a series of similar crimes. Such
a lust for blood, they say, would develop
in anight. The killing of Mrs. Dunham,
the wife, was certainly an evidence of
vicious energy. The marks of the strang
ler were upon her throat, but the mur
derer twisted the head until the neck was
broken, and in doing this a finger was
thrust fairly through the flesh of the
cheek. It is claimed that the man who
did this may have been the author of the
recent cases of strangling in this City.
For these reasons many women do not
wish to become conspicuous in the chase of
Dunham, while lor these very reasons
they are the more anxious that he shall
be overtaken, and will work actively and
energetically in securing the funds for a
big reward.
A very interesting explanation is given
by those in a position to Know here as to
why the Brewer family were so prompt to
adopt the Dunham baby. It is stated as a
principle of law thai if the baby died Dun
ham himself will become the heir of the
McGlincy estate, and might use it in case
of his capture to pay counsel in his
defense.
Had the baby been killed with the others
ihen the question as to the order of the
deaths would have arisen and could never
have been answered. The baby having
died before the others, Dunham, as his
father, surviving could not then have been
heir. But the baby having survived the
father would be his heir in case of his
death at this time. By formally adopting
the baby, however, Mr. Brewer and his
family takes the place of the father and
would become tne heirs in case of its
death.
It is a curious reflection that the son of
the murderer should be the beneticiary of
his father's crime.
About two weeks before the murder
Dunham called on an acquaintance, who
had some friends in Watson ville, ana
asked for a letter of introduction
to the latter saying that he expected to
go to Watsonvilie in a short time and the
letters of introduction would help him
"What are you going to do in Watson
vilie?" was asked.
"Well, nevermind," he said. "If things
turn out all right down there I'll let you
know."
♦
SHERIFF ECUTT IN LINE.
Fresno's Experienced Officer Heady to
Join in Hunt.
FRESNO, Cal., June 4.— Sheriff Scott
will start for the western part of the county j
in toe morning if ne learns definitely that
Murderer Dunham has crossed the boun
daries. In an interview with The Call
correspondent to-night, the Sheriff stated I
that he considered it would be folly to
start out without knowing in what part of
the country the fugitive is. The Los
Banos country is filled witn hunters and
there is hardly any necessity for assistance
there.
"As soon as I know that Dunham is in
Fresno County I will join in the pursuit,"
said the Sheriff. "In the morning I will
telephone to Hays Place for iniormation."
Sheriff Scott and deputies have not had
3 genuine man hunt since Chris Evans
escaped jail. They have learned a great
deal about the business by experience, and
their search will not be conducted on ex
citable poase principles.
A telephone message from Mendota this
evening stated that four officers arrived
there on the train from San Jose to-day.
Tney immediately started up the river,
presumably to head the fugitive off should
he come that way.
During the day a report reached Mendota
that Dunham had been captured, but it
proved to be a fake.
DENNIGAN ENCITED.
A Tired and Dusty Cyclist Comes and
does Mysteriously.
WOODLAND Cal., June 4.— Dunnigan,
a Yolo County town, about fifteen miles
from Woodland, experienced a genuine
sensation. At about 9 o'clock a bicycle
rider arrived in town. He was dusty and
seemed to be very tired. Everything
about him indicated that he had made a
long journey. The murder of the Me-
Glincys in Santa Clara County was fresh
in the minds of everybody, and the
stranger was eyed with more or less sus
picion. Many people consulted the news
paper descriptions oi" Murderer Dunham
and not a few of them imagined that the
descriptions tallied in every respect with
the personal appearance of the sfranger.
He was very reserved and uncommuni
cative and retired as soon as he could get
something to eat, without asking any
questions. The matter was eagerly dis
cussed by small groups of people long
after the stranger had gone to bed, and it
was determined to watrh his movements.
Rumors flew thick and fast, and every
man one met had a different version of
the affair. Every story was based upon
I some suspicious "act of the stranger while
he was under surveillance. The cyclist
rose bright and oarly in the morning and
started in a northern direction. The au
thorities were notified, but nothing new
has developed as to who the stranger was.
SEES AT HAVES STATION.
So the Pursuit of Dunham 1$ Renewed
With Vigor.
HOLLISTER, Cal., June 4.— Up to noon
to-day nothing was heard from the vari
ous i>osses in pursuit of Dunham. Sheriff
Ballou came in early this morning after
searching thoroughly the Quien Sabc Val
ley without finding any traces of the mur
derer. He left Holbrook and Lyndon on
saddle-horses af the head of Los Banos
Canyon. They have covered the country
clear to the Mountain House and intended
to scour the canyon. At 2 o'clock Sheriffs
Matthews and Stayton arrived from
Panoche Valley after a three days' search
of the Las Aguilla«, Las Muertas and Tu
larietos valleys. Matthews says it is im
possible to search the canyon thoroughly
without saddle-horses and has gone to
Salinas to start a party over the Hernan
dez traii leading to theCantua.
Late this evening Under Sheriff Brown
received word from Juan Edson that Dun
ham had been seen at Hayes Btation
Wednesday noon and his posse was im
mediately headed that way. Hayes station
is at the mouth of Silver Creek on the
edge of the San Joaquin plains, and if he is
once driven out of the mountains his
capture will be a comparative easy matter.
Sheriff Johnson of Mendocino arrived on
the evening train to join in the pursuit.
BAKERSFIELD, Cai~, June 4.— Word
was received here this afternoon that Dun
ham was coming this way down the west
divide and for officers to be on the look
out. A posse has been out for two days
looking tor him and all passes through
the mountains are now guarded by settlers
who have a description of the murderer
and are anxious to earn the reward.
MADEEA. MAN-HUNTERS.
The Sheriff and Yo*se leave for Tire
baughs and JJos Banos.
MADERA, Cal., June 4.— This morning
Sheriff Westfall, accompanied by D. B.
Harris and a few others, started for the
vicinity of Firebaughs and Los Banos to
hunt for Murderer Dunham. It was
learned last evening that Dunham was
traveling in this direction, and that he
would certainly be headed off at Fire
baughs. Westfall went there this morn
ing, and if there is no trace of him there
he will go toward the Pacheco Pass to
assist the west side officers in their attempt
to capture the murderer.
FALUE ON THE ESTATE.
M. T. Brewer, the Baby's Guardian,
Talks oj Its Chance*.
M. T. Brewer, who was appointed
guardian of Baby Dunham in Judge
Slack's court Tuesday, was seen in his
office in the Academy of Sciences building
yesterday.
"I am now guardian of the baby," he
said, "and am going to adopt the child if
permitted.
"The estate it will inherit from Mrs.
McGlincy may be variously valued at
from $30,000 to $40,000. There is no doubt
but that the child will inherit this estate.
"As to whether Dunham could make any
legitimate claim to the estate I am not pre
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FIUDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
parec to say now. But my opinion is that
he cannot do so. If the persons he mur
dered had died natural deaths there can
be no doubt but that he would get the
estate, but as it is I don't see how he can.
"When it comes to paying a lawyer, if
he is caught and brought to trial, he is
said, on cood giouml^, to have at ieast
$1000 on his person. He will have to be
caught before the question of trial expense
can cut any figure, anyway."
GOLD DELEGATES
ARE SHUT OUT
[Coiitinvcd from First Page.]
pßrty, but there was never a time when he
was not in accord with them on the money
question.
Mr. Tucker in a speech strongly com
mended Mr. Cleveland as an honest, up
right Democrat. This was heartily cheered
by the gold delegates.
The committee on delegations sub
mitted the platform, which was read by
its chairman, Senator Daniel. B. B. Mun
ford presented a minority report, repre
senting the views of the gold men on the
financial question. This was signed by
i the six gold members of the committee.
j The platform declares: .
We are for sound money. This sound money
should consist of silver and gold and of paper
redeemable in silver or gold at the option of
the payer, the units of the whole mass to be
kept at parity by coinage rights and equal legal
tender function, the only method by which
the parity of the two metals has continuously
and successfully been maintained.
We hold to the use of both gold and silver as
the standard money of the country, and to the
coinage of both gold and silver without dis
] criminating against either metal or charge for
mintage.
The immediate and complete restoration of
the blmettalism of money which existed in
the United States from 1823 to 1873 is, in our
opinion, demanded by the interests of com
| merce, manufactures and agriculture, which
I are alike suffering from the continuous fall of
| prices and the consequent embarrassment or
bankruptcy of those engaged therein, and in
order to restore it we demand that the free and
unlimited coinage of both silver and gold at
the ratio of 16 to 1, without waiting for the
assent or concurrence of any other Nation.
The resolutions further instruct the de!
ejrates to Ciica^o to favor free silver. The
| convention suspended the rule and adopt
ed the unit rule.
A resolution was adopted expressing a
I desire that John W. Daniel shall be named
I by the National Convention as one of the
I members of the Presidental ticket. After
j naming the delegates the convention at
; 11:45 adjourned sine die.
«
ON A FREE-SILVER PLANK.
Xorth Dakota Elects Delegates for the
Chicago Convention.
JAMESTOWN, N. D., June 4.— The State
Democratic Convention to-day elected dele
gates to the Chicago convention instructed
for a plank for the free coinoge of both
gold and silver at 1G to i. They were:
Hon. W. N. Roach of Grand Forks, James
Holt of Burlelgh County, R. B. Hartroan
of Cass County, J. B. Eaton of Ramsey
County, F. A. Wilson of Pembina County
ana George J. Williams of Grand Fork.-s
County.
The resolutions adopted indorse the
Wilson bill and the efforts of the party id
reducing taxation; favor an amendment
to the Federal legislation giving power to
Congress to tax incomes and corporations
and individuals; favor a constitutional
amendment for the election of United
States Senators by direct vote; indorse
the action of Senator William Roach on all
matters before Congress, especially his
utterances upon currency questions; de
nounce the demonetization of silver and
demand legislation that shall restore
silver as a money metal.
Senator RoacL. was present and ad
dressed the convention.
SlcKinley and His Letter.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 4.— A special
to the Press from Canton says McKinley
was seen by a reporter at his home tu-day.
"Do you know anything about a letter
alleged to have been written by you to the
Stark County Farmers' Alliance in 1890?"
was asked.
"Why.no; tAis is the first I have ever
heard of it," he replied. He refused to
further discuss it.
The letter is alleged to have had a free
silver ring to it, and was printed by a New
York paper yesterday."
♦ ' ■ *".-.- . '. .;■'"■:
Gold Men to Confer.
CHICAGO, 111., June 4.— On the invita
tion of the Honest Money and Honest
Primary Organization of the Cook County
Democrats a conference of gold standard
party leaders from all parts of Illinois will
be held here Sunday to report the status
of the silver men within the party in their
county upon which to base a decision as
to calling a State convention separate from
the, one to be held at Peoria, wnich is ex
pected to vote for fre silver and Altgeld.
NEW RAILROAD IN NEBRASKA.
Business Men of Xor folk Want It to lie
an Independent Line.
NORFOLK, Nebr., June 4.— A. T. Na
tion, representing the English stockhold
ers of the Yankton and Norfolk Railroad,
was here last evening and held a confer
ence with the business men of the city.
The road is to be built as a private enter
p;ise by the creditors of J. T. M. Pierce.
It was the sentiment of the business men
that city aid previously offered should be
renewed so lar as it can now be legally
done with the assurance that the road
should be an independent line.
NOW THE SENATE
MAKES PROGRESS,
Sherman's Filled-Cheeseßill
Passed After Much
Argument.
AMENDMENTS DEFEATED
Further Conference Ordered on
the Proposed Appropriations
for the Navy.
GEAR AND THE FUNDING PLAN
An Unsuccess r ul Attempt Made to
Secure a Hearing of the ob
ncxious Measure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 4.— Very
early and marked progress was made in
the legislative work of the Senate to-day.
The conference report on the naval appro
priation bill was disposed of after a discus
sion which did not occupy more than an
hour's time. The motion to recede from
the Senate amendment reducing the num
ber of battleships from four to two was de
feated: yeas 27, nays 33.
The conference report was then agreed
to and a further conferei.ee ordered. This
was ordered by the conference report on
the Indian appropriation bill, the contro
versy over the report being on the propo
sition to impose citizenship on the Indi
ans of the five civilized tribes. The report
was agreed to (yeas 2-3, noes 20) so that
when the Indian bill becomes a law those
Indians will have lost their relations ana
will have become citizens. But inasmuch
as the conference has not reached an agree
ment on the school question a further con
ference was*ordered.
An effort w.a3 made by Gear of lowa,
chairman of the Pacific Railroads Com
mittee, to have the Pacific refunding bill
set down for consideration on the eighth
legislative day of the next session, and
then to be continued as unfinished busi
ness, but the proposal met with so many
objections that before it could be acted
upon the morning hour expired and the
filled-cheese bill came up, displacing
Gear's motion, which is to be renewed to
morrow.
The lilled-cheese bill was discussed for a
couple of hours. All the amendments
that were offered to ir were voted down,
and the bill passed (o7 to 13) just as it
came from the Hou.-^e, so that it only
needs the approval of Che President. The
conference report (final) on the general
deficiency bill was presented ana agreed to.
An effort was made by Lodpe of Massa
chusetts to have the immigration bill
taken up ana made the unfinished busi
ness, but it had to be abandoned in the
face of obstruction tactics on the part of
the Democratic Senators.
The consideration of the resolution
offered by Morgan (D. ) of Alabama as to
the Competitor prisoners in Cuba was
postponed till to-morrow.
The conference report on the naval ap
propriation bill was taken up, the ques
tion being on the motion of Quay (R.) of
Pennsylvania that the Senate recede from
its amendment reducing the number of
battle-ships from four to two.
Gorman complimented Secretaries of the
NsW? Whitney and Tracy for their wise
action in making the liberal contracts with
the Bethlehem and Carnegie works. He
believed that those were wise contracts,
although unquestionably liberal.
Chandler, a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, asserted from informa
tion before the committee that the cost of
production of armor-plate at the Bethle
hem and Carnegie works was less than
$300 a ton, and that, by a combination,
trie price charged to the Government was
$550 and $600 a ton. He asserted that
every dollar which they had put in their
plant haa been paid back to them in
profits from these contracts. In addition
there had come to them contracts for the
Kentucky and Kcarsarge, but reduced by
$50 a ton.
Tne vote was taken on Quay's motion
reducing the number of battle-ships to be
contracted for from four to two, and the
motion was defeated — ayes 17, noes 33.
The conference report was then pre
sented and a lurther conference was or
dered.
The report on the Indian appropriation
bill was taken up, and without further
discussion it was adopted — ayes 27, noes
20. The contest against it has been the
provision on citizenship. The effect of
the vote is to make that provision definite
and final.
Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts moved to
recede from the Senate amendment which
allows contract schools for Indian chil
dren to be continued until July, 1898. Re
jected—ayes 17, noes 31. A iurther con
ference was ordered on that subject.
Morrill (It.) of Vermont, chairman of
the finance Committee, reported a resolu
tion to authorize a scientific investigation
of the fur seal fisheries, which was con
sidered and passed.
Greer, chairman of the Railroad Com
mittee, moved that the Pacific funding
bill be taken up and postponed till the
eightli legislative day of the noxt session.
He stated that there was a debt of $115,
-000,000 due to the Government by the
Pacific railroads, a portion of it falling
due next year; that the Union Pacific had
defaulted on its first mortgage bonds; that
there was a suit pending to foreclose that
mortgage and that it was incumbent on
Congress to take action. He made motion
after consultation with Morgan and
other Senators who were opposed to the
bill.
Morgan said he was cordially in favor of
the settling of a time for the hearing of
the bill although he was opposed to the
measure.
Teller and others objected to giving
special privileges to the funding bill. No
decision of the motion had been reached
when the morning hour expired and the
niled-cheese bill came up as th* unfin
ished business, Gear giving notice, how
ever, that he would renew his motion to
morrow.
Vest (D.) of Missouri addressed the
Senate in opposition to the tilieu-cheese
bill. He argued that it was not, as it pro
fessed to be, a revenue measure, but was a
police measure and was therefore outside
of the powers of Congress.
Sherman (R.) of Ohio, in charge of the
bill, advocated its passage.
Mitchell (R.) o f Oregon said he would
offer an amendment to the bill.
White (D.) of Calilornia said that so
far as the cneese bill was concerned, he
was opposed to it simply because Congress
had no right to engage in legislation ot
that character.
Gear advocated the bill, stating that the
manufacture of failed cheess was very in
jurious to the dairy interests of lowa and
other States. The exportation of American
cheese was constantly falling off, he said,
while the exportation of cheese from
Canada was proportionately increased.
The bill was advocated by Vilas (D) of
Wisconsin and Chandler (R.) of New
Hampshire.
Vest offered an amendment declaring
that the special taxes proposed in the
bill are to be levied and collected for rev
enue and not to enable the Federal au
thorities to inspect filled cheese. Laid on
the table— 32 to It.
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada moved an
amendment, proposing a duty ot 10 cents
a pound on imported wool. Laid on the
table — ayes 32, noes 17.
Mitchell (R.) of Oregon, referring to his
notice to offer the Dingley bill as an
amendment, said he had been appealed to
by Republican Senators not to complicate
the bill with the amendment.
Lindsay (D.) of KentucKy offered an
amendment repealing the eighth cent
differential on sugar. Laid on the table
ayes 31, noes 16.
The committee amendments providing a
reduction cf the tax on manufacturers
from $400 to $250 a year for each factory
and on wholesale dealers from $250 to $200
a year was rejected, leaving the bill just as
it came from the House. The bill w.is
then passed— ayes 37, noes 13.
The bill declares that for the purposes
of the act the wurd "cheese' shall be un
derstood to mean the food product Known
as cheese, ana which is made of milk and
cream and without the addition of butter
or oils or fats foreign to such milk or
cream, with or without additional color
ing matter; and that certain substances
and compounds shall be known and desig
nated as "filled cheese," namely, all sub
stances made of milk or skimmed milk,
with the admixture of butter, animal oils
or fats, vegetable or any other oils. And
it imposes a special tax of $400 a year on
the makers (for each factory) and $250 on
wholesale dealers. The vote in detail was
as follows :
Ayes— Aldrich, Allison, Brown, Butler,
Chandler, Clark, C'uUom, bavis, Dubois, Gal
linger, Hale, llasbrough, Hftwtof, Hill, Jones
(New), Lodge, Moiiride, Min-hell (Or.), Mitch
ell (\\ is.), Jlorriil, NeUon, Palmer, Peffer, Per
kins, Pettigrew, Platt, Prltchard, Quay, Sew
ell, Sherman, Shoup, Smith, Stewart, Teller,
Turpie, Vilas, Warren— 37.
Noeu— Bale, Berry, Chilton, George, Gorman,
Harris, Jones (Ark.), Lindsay, Mills, Morgan,
Pasco, Vest, White— l 3.
Lodge move 1 to proceed to the consid
eration of the bill to amend the immigra
tion laws, but such opposition was mani
fested on the Democratic side by declining
to vote, thus exposing the lack of a quo
rum, that he withdrew the motion.
Thereupon the conference report (tinal)
on the general deficiency bill was pre
sented by Hale, briefly explained and
adopted.
The following bills were passed : Senate
bill to place on the retired list as enlisted
men of the army four survivors of the
Lady Franklin Bay expedition.
Senate bill for the better improvement
of the Government reservation at Fort
Smith, Ark.
Senate bill construing the acts of Con
gress in relation to the awards of the life
saving medals.
The Senate at 6:15 adjourned until to
morrow.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
Murray, the Colored Contestant, Givrti
Elliott's Hent.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 4.— The
contested election case of Murray (colored
R.) against Elliott (D.) from the First Dis
trict of South Carolina, was decided to
day. On vote of 153 to 51 Murray was de
clarnd to be entitled to the seat occupied
by Elliott, and he was sworn in by Speaker
lieed amidst Republican applause.
The case of Martin (P.) vs. Lockart (D.)
from the Sixth North Carolina District,
occupied nearly all of the rest of the ses
sion and at 5:40 the House adjourned
with the understanding that a vote should
be taken the first, thing in the morning.
In this case the majjiity also recom
mended the seating of the contestant
(Martin).
The final report on the general defi
ciency bill was presented and agreed to and
the following bills were also finally dis
posed of: The pension of Mrs. Mary C.
Green, widow of General Green, at $loU per
month; authorizing the restoration of
John N. Quackenbush to his rank and
place as commander of the navy and his
retirement by the President.
AFTER STETSON'S MILLIONS.
Catherine Shirley Claims to Be a Step-
daughter of the Famous Theatrical
Manager.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 4.—Cather
ine Shirley, a resident of this city, claim
ing to be a stendaushter of the late John
Stetson, the famous theatrical manager of
Boston, has filed an action in Boston to
prevent the probating of the will and
claiming the estate left by Mr. Stetson,
which, she says, includes a controlling in
terest in the Boston Herald and other
property, in all amounting to about $2,000,
-000. Mrs. Shirley is about 19 years old.
Her husband is a clerk in Chicago, from
whom she has been separated for some
time and from whom she will ask a di
vorce.
According to her story she is the only
child of Mrs. Kate Stokes Stetson, who
died a month ago. Her father, she says,
was Carl Antony. He and her mother
were members of a circus company and
she was born in Quincy, 111. Her mother
left her shortly after she was born and she
was raised by a Mrs. Snyder who moved to
Houston, Tex., where her early girlhood
was spent. Afterward she went to Chi
cago and was married to Mr. Shirley there.
She says that she has a valid claim on the
property and especially does she desire
to prove just who she is and what she
maintains will not be diflicuit. She wiil
probably go to Boston shortly.
MODERN WOODMEN INTERESTED.
Decision Relating to the Removal of the
Headquarter a.
ROCKFORD, 111., June 4.— Judge Shaw
has just handed do^n a decision in the
noted case of Bastian and others against
the Modern Woodmen of America, which
involves the question as to whether the
head offices of the order, which has thou
sands of members, should be removed
from Fulton to Rock Island, 111. An in
junction restraining the removal was
granted after the head camp-meeting at
Omaha several years ago and has since
been in force.
Judg j Shaw holds the change desirable,
because of the necessity for new offices and
a fireproof home for the archives of the in
creasing membership. The result was a
decretal order finding the equities for the
defendants and dismissing the bill, which
means that the head otticeswill go to Rock
Island. The injunction was continued in
force, however, pending an appeal to the
Appellate Court, providing the complain
ants file an additional bond within ten
days.
MORE EVIDENCE
OF LAND FRAUDS,
New York World Will Ask
Congress for an In
vestigation.
HUNTINGTON'S METHODS
Commissioner Stone Alleged to
Have Received Money From
the Magnate.
PLENTY OF CROOKED WORK.
Passes Were Given to Many Congress
men to Help Out Differ«
ent Jobs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 4.— The
New York World to-morrow will rehash
the story printed in The Call several
months ago telling how Mr. Huntington
expedited railroad land patents by paying
cierks of the General Land Oflice. His
nan John Boyd, who was dismissed from
his portion in the House of Representa
tives years ago for his connection with the
Pacific Mail scandal, is involved in the
Laud Department, as already explained in
The Call.
The World will ask Congress to appoint
a committee to investigate charges now
openly made here that Huntington's
agents secured the expedition and ap
proval of land patents by iraudulent
means. It will be alleged that a son of
the former Commissioner of the General
Land Oflice (Stone) was retained by Hunt
ington to assist in the work, hoping there
by to influence Commissioner Stone
and that one, Franc id M. Gideon
an employe of the land oSice, was in
duced to travel to New York with John
Boyd, where he made a contract
with Vice-Fresident Gates and Attorney
Tweed of the Southern Pacific that he
would resien his office and accept work
from the Southern Pacific Company and
would engage in the work of correcting
their land indemnity fillings for so much
per acre. It will also be alleged that
Gideon was actively assisted by an em
ploye of the land orlice, one H. C. Nevin,
who is yet an employe of the railioad land
division of tha Commissioner's office. It
is charged that Stone, Gideon and Nevin
were paid sums of money by Huntington's
agent, John Boyd.
Mr. Gideon has already acknowledged to
the Call correspondent that lie was well
paid by the Southern Pacific. He declared
that he made more money during the sev
eral months thus employed than he had
made in all his years as a Government
clerk.
In conversation with an acquaintance
Gideon displayed a large diamond pin on
his shirtbosom as he asserted proudly that
he had cleared $r>3,l»Qo in the railroad's em
ploy.
Young Stone, the Land Commissoner's
son, also stated to the Call correspondent
that he had been paid several thousand
dollars by Gideon, the railroad's agent.
He said that he performed little work,
and was of little actual benerit to the rail
road, but he realized that he was only em
ployed in order to gain the influence of
his father, Commissioner Stone,
The young man also stated to Tue Call
correspondent that H. C. Ntvin, who is
yet an employe of the land office, was paid
several thousand dollars by Gideon, the
railway's attorney. It can also be made
to appear that lluntington thanked Com
missioner Stone of the General L.and
Office for approving thousands of acres of
Southern Pacific land indemnity selec
tions, and presented him with $2500 "to
relieve his necessities."
Young Stone is now in Oklahoma, but
if an investigation is had by a Congres
sional committee he will be brought here
to testify. The World will also charge
that Huntington, through John Boyd and
other agents, offered railroad passes to
members of Congress, and that while some
of these passes were refused a great many
were accepted.
The World's correspondent has a partial
list of these Senators and Representatives
who have accepted passes to California
and may conclude to publish the names,
which will cause a tremendous sonsation
at the Capitol. Huntington's machina
tions in his attempt to get through his
fcauta Monica job, his refunding bill and
his transportation claim of $1,500,000 are
likely to be aired before a committee of
Congress, as were the credit Mcbilier and
Pacific scandals years ago.
The Scotch-Irish Society.
HARRISBURG, Pa., June 4.— The
Scotch-Irish Society of America began its
seventh annual session here to-day. A
KEW TO-DAT.
"Keep in de middle ob de road."
Beware of the lai.es and byways that
promise you green fields and land you on
the dry stubble.
Beware of the bait of those famous fiih-
ermen — the cheap tailor and the shoddy
clothier.
Get honest, thoroughbred garments from
a reliable house.
Here's an item or two:
Men's suits and overcoats at $10 -no-
where and never seen at the pric before.
Q') Kfl Me n's all-wool pants, com-
<PO,O\J» monly sold at $5 to $6.
Send for samples and catalogue.
number ofdistingu shed men from vari
ous parts of the country are present.
Mayor Patterlon delivered an address of
wefcomeand Rev. Dr. John S. Macintosh
of Chicapo responded to the words of
greeting. The president of the society,
Mr. Bonner of New York, is not able to be
present, owinc to illness, and has sent a
fettrr declining to stand for re-election as
president. Many nam^s were presented
for membership. This afternoon the
members andvi-itors went to Old L>orry
Church, and later to Paxtang Church, his
toric spots, where addresses were deliv
ered.
CHARITY AND CORRECTIONS.
Bight Hundred Delegates Attend the
Convention in Grand Rapids.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mini., June 4.— The
twenty-second annual convention of Chari
ties and Corrections began this evening
with 600 of 800 delegates in attendance.
The convention opened with Harvey J.
Hollister, president of the Grand Rapids
Charity Organization, as presiding officer.
The address of welcome on behalf of the
State was made by Governor John T. Rich.
He was followed by Mayor L. C. Stow on
behalf of the city, and J. B. Angell, presi
dent of the University of Michigan, on be
half of the educational institutions of the
State. Several addresses elicited hearty
applause. The response was made by An
drew E. Elmore of Green Bay, Wis.
The annual address was then read by A.
O. Wright, who spoke on "The New Phil
antrophy."
He stated that the new philanthrophy
of the dawn of the twentieth century was
distinguished on its philosophic side by
studying causes as well as symptoms and
considering classes as well as individuals.
On its practical side it seeks to change
environment and build character as well
as to relieve distress. He emphasized
the need of checking the bad heredity
tendency and the necessity of attacking
pauperism and crime in the slums.
To-morrow morning the work of the
conference will begin.
By a Close Margin.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind., June 4.— The
Congressional Convention of the Tenth
District held here to-day nominated Judge
E. I). Crumpacker, late of the Appellate
bench, over J. Fronl: HanJey, the present
Congressman, by the narrow margin of
52-100 of a vote. The total of each candi
date was 122.76 for Crumpacker, 122.24 for
Hanley. No effort was made to make the
nomination unanimous.
A Speedy Murder Trial.
AVA, Mo., June 4.— Edward Perry will
be hanged July 31 for the murder of the
Sawyer family. The verdict of the jury
was returned last night and the sentence
of the court immediately pronounced. It
is ten days since the discovery of the
crime, which breaks the record in Mis
souri for speedy justice.
Hominy Combine tormtd.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 4.— The
outcome of a secret meeting of corn and
hominy millers, held at the Bates House
on Tuesday, was the incorporation yester
day of the American Hominy Company,
a combination of a large number of the
millers grinding hominy.
•-=•» ERY
few people realize the extent to
which substitution — the fraud
of the day — is carried. You *
will have to learn, and the best
way to learn is to let the clerk
talk and talk — he can do it — he
will do it. When he is ex-
hausted tell him you want what
you want, and that want is the
genuine
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: For a torpid liver and foul stomach
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla can't be
equaled. I make room for it in my medi-
cine chest. It acts nice in children as well
as the aged. Respectfully y0.«»%
(Signed) >
MRS. FLORENCE ROMAINE,
San Jose, Cal.
TO PRINTERS.
J96— Mechanics' Institute and Manu-
facturers' and Producers' Associa-
tion. Fair Opens Septem-
ber 1. 1896.
T)IDS WILL BE RECEIVED UP TO JUNE 16
' » at 6p. v:, and specifications may be seen at
the oilice of the Institute. 31 Post, street, for th«
privilege of publishing: a daily paper during the
Pair. uJCORGIS R. PHKBbOft,
F. FOKMAHLS,
OSCAR LI Wis,
Printing and Advertising Committee.
IRON BEDS,
lea"— J— BRASS BEOS,
S***""^ FOLDING
Wire and Hair iii;-
tresses, Rroll ni ti {
Chairs, Wheel Chair*.
HI 1 1 it Commodes, Back Kessj
II . ffirrmf w - A. SCHROCK,
'P V I 21 ■
•^'ir'u'i • 4 "-^XILUI New Montgomery
I S" 1 - J St., under i.ruuii
W ■» • . • *0T uotel. S. *'.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Jsa powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonio for th»
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and *
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and Dial-
der. A area; Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervine.
Sells on its own Merits-no long-winded ie*u-
monials necessary. •
A ; . * iC, .tLia .V IiKUNK, A «ut<t.
323 Market St., S. i'.— i-ena lor Circular.)
■9* ft <•■ An A laxative refreshing fat
T til?! All frnlt lozMice.
I nllinil very «*reeab!«. to Jake.
CONSTIPATION
__._ _ _ .. hemorrhoids, bile,
15JII I I. 1! los * of appetite, gastric a«4
I■■ I 1L 19 intestinal troubles and
■ ■■ mm m *• ■■ headache arising
- from them.
Ami I nil E. GKILLON,
GRiLLON 33 Rue dcs Archives, Paris,
HPI4 Vm ball II Sold by all DruggUf.
DDIICIICO FOR BARBERS, BAK-
KK||XH| a X r bootblacks, bath-
■M iH# MIIIt Kf houses, billiard -tables,
brewers, bookbinders, ■ candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmiUs, foundries, laundries, pane?
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable
men, tax-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
» M BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Baoram«nt«S|iSIR WALTER WINS
THE BIG HANDICAP.
Defeats Clifford, the Strong
Favorite, Only by
a Head.
JOCKEY TARAL'S SKILL.
Pilots the Son of Midlothian and
Lascala First to the
Wire.
MOST EXCITING IS THE FINISH-
Twenty Thousand Persons Witness
the Great Race for a Purse
of $10,000.
GRAVE^END RACE TRACK, N. V..
June 4.— The first blue ribbon race of the
turf season of 1806 was won to-day by
the Onpick stable's horse Sir Walter, who
the favorite, Clifford, by a short
bead after a desperate ptid exciting finish.
Notwithstanding Ihat Sir Waiter was not
opnlar favor'!'' and that most of the
money was lavished on Clifford and
St. Maxim, there was not one of the 20,000
ns present who refrained from cheer
iiic the gailnnt son of Midlothian and Las
trhen Taral brought him under the
wire a short head in front of the favorite.
The widest excitement prevailed when
the fortunate jockey was put into the floral
chair and lifted on the shoulders of the
attendants.
• 'hiirmincr weather favored the opening
of the spring meeting of the Brooklyn
Jockey Clr.b. The soft breeze which blew
across the track was just sufficient to t»m
per tne beat of the sun, and it was an ideal
handicap day. The grand stand looked
bright in its new coat of paint, and the
green lawn in front looked cool and invit-
There was an immense number of
- among the spectators, and their
bright summer attire added to the pic
turesquenes? of the scene. The track was
;>ct condition.
Immediately before the race was run
there w;is a general rush to the paddock
where the horses of the battle were on
. The largest crowd, of course, cir
cled around Clifford and his admirers
loud in their praise of the favorite.
The Metropolitan winner. Counter Tenor,
had his circle of admirers, while
N.uiki Pooh, Hornpipe, Sir Walter and
St. Maxim were not without adheren-s.
When the numbers went up there was
a general rush to the stand to secure
points of vantage in good time. Hornpipe
the first to anpear.
The red, white ana blue of Colonel Rup
pert was the next to show as Counter
Tenor passed the stand. Lake Shore came
followed by the favorite. Xanki
was fiffn in the parndp. Sir Walter
St. M:txim yeve.ith and Keenan last.
a tiresome delay of forty minutes i
. caused by the fractiousness of
■r Tenor, the ring dropped. Lake
' immediately rushed to the front
i>as?ing the stand the or.der was:
Shore, Sir Water, Hornpipe, St.
'••i'lki Pooh, Clifford, Keenan and
er Tenor.
• bey rounded the bend into the back
;; Clayton moved up with Clifford.
A: !hi' h:ilf Lake Shore was a head in front
- Walter, who was two lengths in
• of Hornpipe, with St. Maxim fourth,
Nanki Pooh fifth, Clifford sixth and
■n and Counter Tenor bringing up in
tae rear.
At the five-iurlong pole Taral took Sir
Walter in front of Lake Shore, while St.
Maxim took third place from Hornpipe,
the favorite half a length behind Nanki
Pooh, who was running fifth.
Rounding the far turn Sir Walter raced
away from his horses and there was an im
mediate scurry after the son of Midlothian,
St. Maxim leading the bunch. Clayton
ht the favorite away at a fast clip
and passing St. Maxim, on whom Sims
•was hard at work, set a swift pace. Taral
saw the mighty son of Bramble coming
nd went to work with catgut and
steel. Clifford was overhauling Sir Walter
at every stride. Taral was working des
f'ly.
There was the wildest excitement at the
last few strides.
■rd was almost level with the
Knight, but Clayton's efforts should have
been made sooner. Taral kept his horse
in front and despite Clifford's gallant
striig-le Sir Waiter passed under the wire
a short head in front of the favorite. A
half length behind St. Maxim, ridden
ont, was third, live lengths in front of
Hornpipe. Nanki Pooh was fifth, Keenan
Lake Shore seventh, and Coun
t< r Tenor last. The time was 2:0*% for ;
.i distance and 1 :42 for the mile.
The second b'.-tting was: St. Maxim 2to
1, Sir Walter 5 to 1, Nanki Pooh 6 to 1,
Counter Tenor 8 to 1, Keenan 10 to 1,
Lakeshore lo to 1, Hornpipe 20 to 1, Clif
ford even.
The Expectation stakes for two-year
olds was won by Lithos, one of the Messrs.
Morris string which was aold the other
■ :ay. Hart, who rode the winner, was
fined $50 for disobedience at the post. Jn
tiie harndiciip Siinrus was fined $r>o for a
similar offense and T. Sloane was sns
pended for a week.
Six furlongs. The Swan won, Zanone second ,
c third. Time, 1 :1">.
Oae ;niie and a Mxteenth, Septour won, Bena
:I, J-i r ;>k thirrt. Time, 15J-£-
The Expectation stakes for two-year-olds
.It h mile, Litho<<.llß (Hurt), 10 to
1 won, George Kesseler, 118 (Taral), 5 to 1,
W Inge I J ': , 1 15 (McCafterty), 2to 1,
Time, l:5o' 4\4 \
The Brooklyn h/wi<iicap of $10,000, one mile
and ti •, 3iT Waller, 113 (Taral), 6 to 1,
yon; C.l fford, L 25 'A. Clayton j, even, second;
cm», 108 Simms), 3}< to 1, third. Time,
_. Keenan, counter Tenor, Nanki Pooh,
".:»• and Laite shore also ran.
Half a miie, iron Blassel won. Uiddenite sec
ond. Mattie Btanhope third. lime. :SOJ£.
Mile and a sixteenth, Lehman won, Pmrician
I mini. Time, 1:48%.
Halt a mile. Scottish Cfeiefialn won, Passo
ver second, Kitty bll ttiird. Time, :51.
ON BA BTH It A Tit A CX&.
Fine Ileatlier and. Good Racing Bring
Out Large crowds.
I, ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jane 4.— A fine day
brought out 0000 persons to the fair
grounds to see the Kindergarten stake
run. The heavily played favorite Orna
ment, at 1 to 2, proved a. disappointment
and landed fourth, with Moncreith, 12 to 1,
a length winner over Goshen. In the
fourth, fifth and sixth events favorites
• wo . easily. Track slow. V
Five furlongs, Zaraar II won, Jack B B see
on-!. Lord Zeni third. Time, 1:04%.
. Seven furlongs, i'i:ikey Totter -won, Muska
loii^e second, Frontier third. Time, 1 :30^.
Mile and a sixteenth, Madeline won, Captive
second, Beau Ideal third. Time, 1:52.
Five furlongs, Moncreith won, (ioshen sec
ond, Typhoon third Time, 1 :04|4.
Nine rnrlongs, t. revasse \**>u, j'.ing Binger
second, ]>r. Hugher third. Time. 1:58.
bix furlonps, George F. Smith won, Bridget
sei oijd, Braw Scot third. Time, 1:17.
CHICAGO, 111., June 4.— The surprise
at Lakeside to-day was La Creole's win in
the mile handicap at 40 to 1 and in some
hooks more. The first three events went
to the iavorites and the last three to out
siders.
Three-quarters of a mile, Cunfirder won. Mr.
Dunlap Becond, Collector third. Time, 1:19.
Half a m:le, 'lorn Anderson won. Cogent sec
ond, LittU Maggie third. Time, '.61%..
One and three-sixteenths miles, Irene nooo
won, Elusive second. Peep o' Day II third.
Time, 1 ::>','■'.. t
One mile, La Creole won, King Bors second,
Toots third. Time, l:44Jj.
Five-eighths ot a miie, Glencid won, Bob
Lee second, Simmons third. Time, 1:04.
Tnree-qiuirters of a mile, Kunnine Bird won,
Nannie D second, Nellie H third. Time,
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June 4.
—The surprise of to-day was Banquo win
ning at odds of 60 to 1. The Commoner.
8 to 5. won the Press stakes, leading from
start to finish. Weather line. Track slow.
Attendance large.
Five furlongs. Banquo II won, Red second,
TWWthird. Time, 1:04.
Seven furlongs, Lady inez won, Lobengula
second, Taul Pry third. Time, 1 :28>4
Five furlongs. Bellbramble won, Charina
second, Adoua third. Time, 1 :01 l -
Six furlongs, the Cincinnati Press stakes.The
Commoner won, Ramiro second, Sir Play
third. Time, I: l4J^.
One mile and fifty yards, James Monroe won,
Ondague second, Say On third. Time, 1:48^.
METEOR RE ATS BRITANNIA.
Emperor William's Yacht Faster Than
Wales' Cutter.
LONDON, Eng., June 4.— The new cut
ter, Meteor, built lor Emperor-William of
Germany by D. and W. Henderson, alter
i designs by G. L. Watson, proved herself a
i fast craft in the regatta to-day of the
Koyal London Yacht Club, the first race
in which she has taken part.
Of the big cutters in the race the
Britannia, owned by the Prince of Wales,
was the only one that at any time had the
! slightest chance of holding her own
: against the former boat and this chance
I faded into nothingness when the Meteor
began to reach for home.
Judging from to-day's performance of
the Meteor it is believed that she is the
most speedy big cutter in a light wind that
has cv er been" built in England, and ex
perts say that in a blow she will prove her
self a dangerous rival of any racing craft
afloat.
The course extends a distance of about
fifty miles. The starters in the race of the
large raters were the Britannia, Satanita,
Ailsa, Hester, Isolde, Caress and the Cor-
I sair. When the Meteor hoisted her main
sail in her making ready for the start
there were many ejaculations of surprise
among those who had not seen her racing
canvas.
She has the largest sails spread ever put
on a single sticker, her sail area being
much greater than that of the Valkyrie
111.
At 12:10 the Meteor went over the line,
holding the weather position, followed by
the Britannia, the others trailing behind.
A few minutes after the start was made
the wind freshened a little and the
Britannia caught up with the Meteor and
passe*] her to windward. After passing
the Meteor the Britannia continued to add
to her advantage, and when she was off
the Thames Haven she was a half mile in
the lead, doing some very pretty sailing.
The Meteor was also sailing well, She
gained gradually on the Britannia, which
later and before the Meteor ran into the
first of the flood tide and at once com
menced to lose way. As the river wide
ened at its mouth, the yachts were enabled
to make loneer tacks, the Meteor began
to gain and when she stuck the first of the
returning: tide she made better progress
than the Brittania.
The two boats were now getting close
together, though on different boards, and
the yachting experts began to calculate
I which was really ahead. The calculations
had not progressed very far when the
German boat went about, took the weather
berth and passed the Prince of Wales' cut
ter. The Britannia held pretty close to
the leader, but iound it impossible to gain
an inch.
The others were hopelessly astern. At
the lightship the boats had a good reach
for the Lower Hope. On this point of sail
ing the Meteor showed herself superior in
the light breeze prevailing. She continued
to open the gap between herself and the
Britannia, and it was soon seen that if no
accident occurred to her she was safe to
defeat the crack English racers.
The Britannia, handled superbly, strug
gled gamely on, but there was no hope for
her except to cut down her rival's lead
somewhat. The Meteor won the first
prize, £60, and the Britannia second, £25.
The times of the yachts crossing the
finish were as follows: Meteor, 6:33:50;
Britannia. 6:47:07; Ailsa, 7:01:07; Satan
ita, 7:04:15.
♦ . ;-i :.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
Big Crowds Witness the (fames on the
Various Diamonds.
BOSTON, Mass., June 4.— Propped thrown |
balls by Dahlen and Pfeffer gave the Bostons
four of their runs to-day. Sullivan pitched
steadily and kept the hits well scattered. The j
batting of Kittredge was a feature. Attend
ance. 4021. Bostons— B, 8, 2; Chicagos— 9,
5. Batteries— Sullivan and Tenny, Parker and
Kiltrfdge. Umpire—
BROOKLYN. N. V., June Poor coaching
was the cause of Brooklyn's shutout to-day.
Stein was more effective than Ehret, but the
visitors displayed excellent judgment on the
bases. Brooklyns— o, lo, 3; Cincinnati- -6, 9,
2. Batteries— Stein and Burrell. Khret and
Vaughn. Sheridan.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 4.— St. Louis could
do nothing witn Campfield, New York's new
pitcher, to-day, and whs badly beaten. Breit
enstein was knocked out of the box in the
.second inning, and I'arrott, who succeeded
him, was also hit freely. New Yorks— l3, 17,
1; St. Louis— 3, 9, 4.— — Campfield
and Farrell; Murphy and Humphrey. Um
pire—Henderson.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 4.— The home
team made a rally at bat in the eighth. and
ninth innings, and won out by a good margin.
Up to that time McDermott had been very ef
fective. King pitched excellent ball for
Washington. Attendance 1100. Washing
tons—lo, 13, 2; Louis villes— 11, 0. Bat
teries — Kine and Mc'iuire; McDermott and
Miller. Umttire— Emslie.
BALTIMORE, id., June 4.— champions
could do nothing with Cuppy's delivery, but
made errors enough to allow the Cleveland's to
land an easy victory. Rain was in the air all
the afternoon, but 5320 persons ventured out.
P.altimores— l, 7,7; Cleveland*— 7, 11, O.
Batteries— McMtihon and Robinson, CupDy and
O'Connor. Umpires— Kpefe and Weinman.
PHILA DELPHI A, Pa., June 4.— Philadelphia
defeated Pittsburg to-day in the most exciting
game played here this season. In the ninth
inning, with the score tied, Sullivan scored
the winning run on Brouther's hit when two
were out. Attendance 4007. Philadelphias—
7,9,1: Pittsburgs— «, 15, 5. B«tterie.s— Orth
and Grady, Hawley and Merrit. Umpire-
Hurst.
Will Prevent the Fight.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 4. -The Eure
ka Athletic Club has decided to withdraw
the application for an injunction restrain
ing Sheriff Dohl from interfering with the
boxing contest which was to have been
heid at the club to-morrow nif ht. They
do this because Sheriff Dohl has issued a
declaration in which he states that he
will prevent the contest despite any action
that the club may take, even if h*e has to
call upon the State militia in reference to
hi 3 authority.
Ha*-nf*n Kacra at Flectwood.
NEW YORK, N. YMY M June 4.-Close fin
ishes and dividing heats marked the third
day of the opening spring meeting at
Fleetwood.
2:20 pace, Vail won, Berkshire Courier
second, Simmons third. Best time, 2:11»£.
2:21 trot, .Mystery won. Little Nkcj- second,
Anlweoyne third. Best time, 2:10>^. "
Three-minute pace. Red: Silk w< a, Kauver
second, Martha third."";. Best time, 2:10J4.
llrntii of xlwltjr JhJrtnton.
LOUISVILLE, Ky\. June 4.— George B.
Eiaston, ex-Jud^e of the Kentucky Court
of Appeals, died to-day in Rome, Italy,
from congestion of the brain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
A Two Days' Fete fn Which the Whole Public
Is Invited to Take Part
.^•W^raofc^ 60-0-0-000-0-0000000-00-0-0000000000 4?9&±. gja^^
,  , _ , q you would be ashamed too _ __ ..„....„.„ , „ „ M .
: The biggest treat we have ever offered you. 0% ! 0 Those natty Blue Cheviot Suits in Single and Double Breasted
Some 2000 Suits, cleverly made, in stylish grays and Oxford ? °" ££' . 77 , \, . % Sacks ; black as well ; aw fully swell suits and awfully cleverly
\ mixtures ; excellent Cheviot Suits. % We Will be. open On Fn- $ tailored. V :■;.,::.
The garments are cleverly tailored, made right in the height % day evening till 8 o'clock 5 „ These garments are the very pink of perfection, representing
j. j, y r j.  jJ , • a- 7 v~+ -»j~^, i jit x the master iv in in tailoring.
of fashion neat, natty and dressy. , - • ;■• ■;;•;■ *- a jld Oil Saturday till These very sivell garments, natty and Spring-like, including
J\ot a thing ails 'em. They re what you II pay in any other g J 0:30. %■ many colorings and 'mixtures ; swell Spring goods; light, dark
store in San Francisco $10 for, and they're big values at that. 0 j>j w man flint misses it " and medium shades; $12 in most stores; $10 in some. Friday
Friday and Saturday at the Big Kearny-Street Store at 6 • +i n ArJAn™ A^V.^ % and Saturday at the Big Store and a liberal pick at
$^-^ pn ■» 6 Trusses i tie Qoiaeio oppov- x * _»
3.75. \tunityofMsUfe. I $5.00.
(X><X>o<K>o<>o<>o<X>oo<KK>o<>oo<>oo<>o »^
cwTMjUiji^li Some 1800 pairs of fine Wors- ■ The exclusive hatters love us,
, //jtr Wf, ! j •■! ted Trousers; dress-up Trousers, ' .J^H^^W^^SlL ' nit.* ] ....
! . /||| !p|iiiH in Blue or Black Worsted with y JBss%^' iPlk Their $1.50 Fedoras Friday
till Jill 1 , neat little stripes running V Jlllf 1111% and Saturday > in pretty shades
[ %\ 'j! '" . through 'em. The kind that f| MITT ===^^2§|| of Pearl f Otter Hava^ Braivn
V\  „ V rafflffew>~-^^^Z^S^lfrkh. ( ">< l Black, wide ana narrow
V,\ i :l other stores re getting $3 and A IS^Ji^Sr^ brims, for boys as well as men. ...'
[ [■■ ! ! $3.50 for. y Z'i^r a! nc'- i WmL 11M! Who'll be without a new Hat - "
\)m | B °* " storf ne ¥ fl^M^ liP^l onSunday? X ° ° n6 U ' iU if th&
111 I 111 These trousers are cleverly tai- Ug^Hat Department
1 lored; nothing aUs 'em but the y WK Friday and Saturday, these
\ \ 111 price, and that will be, for Frt- V *-* JW/m^ JZ/ clever goods at
\\ day and Saturday only, X '/ «^S \%)< r-7 P" _
f|^ $i.50. 75c -
RAPHAEL'S 8 Two Great Days, X TWO DAYS X RAPHAEL'S
(incorporated), X Friday and Saturday, 9 FULL OF V (incorporated),
The San Francisco Boys, Jf — ™«_ y ■ GOLDEN X ' ' '2 ° Keamy St.
9, 11, IS, 15 Kearny St. % Big Keamy- Street Store. $ OPPORTUNITIES. X ™ *!&£%*£? *7
HONOLULU MOURNS
FOR KATE FIELD
Prominent Persons Profuse
in Their Expressions
of Regret.
FLORAL TESTIMONIALS.
Touching Funeral Services Held
at the Central Union
Church.
PRECAUTIONS AGAINST PLAGUE
Hawaiian Officials Take Steps to Sbut
Out the Asiatic Pesti.
lence.
HONOLULU. Hawaii, May 28.— This
city was shocked and saddened on the aft
ernoon of the 19th by the unexpected
death of Miss Kate Field. Tne steamer
W. G. Hall arrived from Hawaii at 1:15
p..m. with the eminent lady in a dying
condition, from pneumonia. Sailors from
the United States steamer Adams speedily
carried her on a stretcher to the residence
of Dr. J. S. McGrew, where she expired at
2:55 p.m. Just before breathing her last
Miss Field opened her eyes and smiled in
recognition of Mrs. McGrew.
At the age of 55 Miss Field had evidently
overtaxed her strength in a series of fa
tiguing rides through the outer districts,
and over the difficult trails of the island of
Hawaii. She reached Kailua on the 18th
with pains in the chest after a severe jour
ney over the lava fields from Kohala. She
was bent on pursuing her interested route
of ninety miles further over bad roads to
Kilauea. Proceeding the next day ten
miles to Mr. Greenwell's, near Kauwaloa,
she became unable to go further- and was
persuaded to await the Hall's return to
Honolulu. On the arrival of the steamer
on the 18th Dr. Adriance of the Coronet
party was brought to her and got her
aboard the ship that afternoon. Soon
after reaching the steamer her symptoms
assumed an alarming form. Everything
possible was assiduously done for her re
lief and comfort. By the following morn
ing her condition became highly critical
and extra speed was made for Honolulu,
barely reaching there in time for her to
expire among friends on shore.
The city was full of sincere mourners, to
whom her previous sojourn had greatly
endeared her. The obsequies were con
ducted the next day in a crowded assem
bly at the Central Union Church. The
floral testimonials were profuse, contrib
uted by Mrs. Dole and more than a score
of prominent ladies. The press furnished
a large floral ornament in red, white and
blue. The casket was deposited in the
family vault of John H. Paty, awaiting
orders from home. W. O. Smith carried
to Yokohama a cablegram from Thurston
to Kohlsaat.
An energetic measure has been taken by
this Government to prevent the intro
duction here of the black plague or other
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
pestilence from Asiatic ports, by sending
per Doric, on the 19th, W. O. Smith, At- '
torn>\v-General, with Dr. C. B. Wood, to
Yokohama and Hongkong for the purpose j
of establishing agencies for quarantining, ■
prior to df pirture, all steerage passengers
j leaving those ports for Honolulu during ;
the existem c of such pestilence.
Minister Damon has introduced a bill to
exempt from duty all grape wines under I
18 per cent alcohol for five years. This is
strenuously opposed and not likely to
pass.
On the evening of the 18th a mass-meet
ing of several hundred Portuguese on •
I Union square was addressed by Portu- !
| guese speakers. They declared adhesion to j
. the republic and for annexation, but urged i
redress of grievances, especially competi- j
tion of Asiatic labor. They also protested j
against the thumb-mark in registration as '>
an indignity. This thumb-mark, as !
means of ideniification, is considered in- ■
dispensable to that very control of Asiatic i
j immigrants necessary to meet the demands j
I of the Portuguese.
Formal resolutions in favor of annexa- ;
tion to the United States have been unani- i
mously passed by both houses of the Leg- j
islature. This is merely a repetition of !
former action.
An income tax bill has nearly completed
its passage through both houses. It is |
I only 1 per cent on income^above $2000. It
| is regarded as a beginning leading to the |
imposition of heavier rates.
In view of certain statements attributed
by the San Francisco Call to Rev. E. R.
Diile, D.D., President Dole was this morn
ing asked to express his views. Mr. Dole
said: "As to the financial weakness of
this Government, alleged by Dr. Dille, it is
true that the extraordinary expenses of
last year, growing out of the insurrection
and the cholera, did for a time exhaust the
surplus of current funds in the treasury.
This has now been replaced from current
revenue. The Legislature is now complet
ing such provisions for current revenue as
1 will undoubtedly yield a large surplus over
all appropriations, probably a very large
i one, which is more than can be said of the
■ United States. Our public credit is also so
good that our new loan of over $SOO,(XX)
will be placed on the Honolulu market ut
5 percent interest, or 1 per cent less than
ever before, and the opinion is widely ex-
I pressed by business men that the bonds
would be eagerly taken up at even a lower
figure. "
Referring to Dr. Dille's belief in a dan
gerous feeling of unrest among the popula
: tion, with tendencies to revolution, the
' President continued: "There has been no
| time since the revolution of 1893 when
I there was such an absence of indications
|of political unrest as there is to-day. The
(Portuguese agitation is in no respect di
i rected against the Government. There is
!no appearance whatever of uneasiness
among Hawaiians. Only a few days aeo
! Maurice Green baum, a leading merchant,
revisiting Honolulu, said to me that the
| present quiet and content were in most
j liaopy contrast with conditions during his
I visit last year, and that the aspect of af-
I fairs generally was most gratifying."
Next was interviewed the experienced
! native leader, J. Kauhane, Vice-President
of the Senate. He unqualifiedly declared
that there was general quiet and content
among the natives, without the least trace
I of political unrest.
FRESH PRISONERS IN CLOVER.
They Win a Strike for Three Meals a Day
Instead of Tiro.
FRESNO, Cal., June 4.— The trouble be
tween Sheriff, Scott and a majority of the
Board of Supervisors over the feeding of
prisoners was settled to-day. The Sheriff
refused to work prisoners in the chaingang
without ; feeding them. three meals a day.
The Supervisors refused -to allow his bill
for, more than two . meals. District Attor
ney Snow was appealed to and he ruled in
favor of Sheriff Scott. The Supervisor!
were not satisfied with this, and they se
cured the opinion of Attorney H. H.
Welsh. Mr. Welsh to-day rendered an
opinion that prisoners cannot be starved.
Meantime the chaingang has been on
strike for three meals and Sheriff Scott
has sustained them.
SAFE ROBBERY AT TA CO MA.
The Standard Oil Company Makes a
Small Losing.
TACOMA, Wash., June 4. — Burglara
blew open the safe in the Standard Oil
Company's warehouse at South Thirty
first and Ainsworth streets, early this
morning, taking $43 75 in cash, a promis
sory note for $126 and a small silver
watch. The burglars pried the bar over
the iron shutters off and entered throngh.
the window. It is supposed that two men
did the job, as the place was found where
the money had been divided, showing
where two men had been seated on the
ground. It is the custom of the company
not to keep money in the safe, but this
was drawn out to meet small bills. It is
thought the burglars must have known of
this fact.
To Improve Seattle Tide Hats.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 4. — General
William Sooy Smith of New York, a dis
tinguished civil engineer, has arrived in
Seattle and is in conference with W. F.
Hayes, with a view of launching a tide
flat filling scheme involving a reclamation
of about five hundred acres of waste land
at Smiths Cove, within the city limits.
The State has already granted Mr. Hayes
a franchise for making the improvement.
Fire at Grants Pass.
GRANTS PASS, Or., June 4.— At 10
o'clock last nieht a lamp was upset in the
New York racket-store in this city, and in
an incredibly short time a loss of about
$3000 had been sustained by fire and water.
The fire department did some of the quick
est work ever seen in the city, and suc
ceeded in getting the tire under control in
about fifteen minutes. The loss ia fully
covered by insurance.
34
SAN JOSE'S BIG
WILL CONTEST,
Mrs. Emma L. Parker Is
on the Witness Stand
All Day.
HER OWN ADMISSIONS.
Led a Gay Life Previous to Mar
rying the Son of the
Testator.
INTRODUCED BY A HOTEL MAN.
Late Drives and Dinners— lncidents
Concerning Which Her Memory
Is a Blank.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 4. — Emma L.
Parker, the contestant of the will of
George H. Parker, deceased, was on tbo
stand the entire day, and put through a
rigid cross-examination. From her own
admissions it is evident she led a gay life
prior to her marriage to Edward L. Par
ker. She said she was introduced to him
in a hotel by a man whom she herself had
known before only by sight.
As to Mrs. Parker's life in San Francisco
aud Virginia City she could give only a
shadowy account of it, all the people that
she met then having since dropped out of
sight as completely as the mysterious
hrst husband, Mr. Brown, who, the wit
ness said, never existed. Mrs. Parker was
also not certain about the exact street or
other localities in the cities that she lived
in prior to her marriage with Edward L.
Parker.
There were stories in the testimony
about dinners at restaurants and sleigh
riding and drives, and altogether the
record is that of a gay career, to say the
least. The witness also admitted that
after her marriage she told her husband's
father and his aunt falsehoods in regard to
her former life.
When cross-examination was resumed
by Mr. Delmas this morning Mrs. Parker
said she told George Parker that when she
married his son Edward she was a widow.
He answered that he did not believe her.
Both spoke in a joking way, and that was
the only time the matter was discussed
between them.
Mr. Delraas read from Mrs. Parker's
deposition that the falsehood she told
George Parker with regard to her former
marriage was the trouble between them.
All that could be extracted from the wit
ness by frequent questions was the vague
reply that she and the late George Parker
were on the best of terms throughout his
visit.
Air. Delmas then asked Mrs. Parker as
to her relations with H. K. Mitchell of
Virginia City. She first met Mr. Mitchell
in a restaurant in San Francisco in the
spring of 1871. She was in company with
Mr. Tillinehurst and a lady. The four had
supper together. She couid not tell where
abouts the restaurant was. About a week
afterward Mrs. Parker got a letter from
him offering her employment in Virginia
City.
Mr. Mitchell employed her as a copyist
at $25 a month. She had rooms on Taylor
street opposite his office. He was not mar
ried at the time. A boy from the office
used to bring up her work. Mr. Mitchell
iiever came himself. Could not remember
the exact address of the room, the number
of stories in the building or the name of
the landlord. Witness did not receive
company in her room.
Delmas again contradicted Mrs. Parker
by her deposition stating, "I saw plenty
of people in my room. * * * Mr.
Mitchell frequently came there."
Mrs. Parker said that the man she was
engaged to and left home and changed
her name to avoid marrying was named
Roberts. His uncle kept a piano-stool
factory near Plankville. She was en
gaged to him in 18(39. but could not re
member the time of the year. She kept
company with him for over a year. Ques
tioned more closely with regard to the
matter, Mrs. Parker said: "Really, Mr.
Delmas, it was so long ago I cannot re
member."
Mr?, Parker was assisting in a boarding
house in Brooklyn kept by a Mrs. Ross. It
was on Fulton street, but she could not re
call the number. She received no remun
eration except her board and lodging.
Mrs. Parker went with Mrs. Ross to New
York. She could not tell the name of
the street — it was one that crossed Broad
way. There were sixteen or eighteen
boarders, but she could only recall the
name of Miss Law.
AH the time she was in New York and
Brooklyn she never saw her mother. A
hair-dresser's sign, "George L. Brown,"
in Brooklyn, suggested that name for her
to take. In her deposition she did not re
member that.
Mrs. Parker first met Edward Parker at
the Allen House, Hartford, while waiting
for the train with a Mrs. Smith. A Mr.
Scranton introduced them.
"Were you at that time acquainted with
Mr. Scranton?"
"I only knew him by sight."
"Was Mrs. Smith acquainted with Mr.
Scranton?"
"No."
"Yet he introduced Edward Parker to
you?"
"Yes."
Witness related how Mr. Parker took
herFelf and Mrs. Smith out riding. A few
days after she and Mrs. Smith went to call
on Mr. Parker. Then she and Mr. Parker
in one sleieh and Mr. Scranton and Mrs.
Smith in another sleieh drove out to a re
sort called Rocky Mountain and had din
ner at about 3 o'clock.
Witness did not remember how long the
dinner lasted. Anyway, on returning
home, Edward Parker's driving was some
what erratic and he managed to upset the
sleigh. The party rested awhile in Mr.
Parker's apartments in the Charter OaK
building.
Witness denied that it was Parker's bed
room, but said it was a room for Parker's
drummers to sleep in when they were in
town.
Mr. Delmas again referred to Mrs.
Parker's deposition -aying that Edward
Paiker used to sleep there.
"Was there not a bed in the room?"
"1 don't remember."
"Who was in the room at the time?"
"Mr. Parser, myself, Mr. Scranton and
Mrs. Smith."
"Was there any one else in the room?"
"I don't remember."
Delmas suggested that subsequent to
the dinner the witness' memory was
liable to be defective.
Frequently after that she and Edward
Parker wer- in the room together.
Twice Edward Parker took her to the
Pomeroys' house, but on both occasions
Ncah and Jane Pomeroy were out. The
only member of the family she met was
Grandma Parker, who is now d ad.
The case went over until Monday.
JACOB RICH INSOLVENT.
Bis Liabilities About $350,000— The
Principal Creditor*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 4.- Jacob Rich,
president of the San Jose Railroad Com
pany, which is now in the hands of a re
ceiver, to-day filed an individual petition
in insolvency. His liabilities are between
$300,000 and $400,000. The principal credi
tors are:
The German Savings and Loan Society.
San Francisco, $194,350; Commercial and
Savings Bank of San Jose, $96,000; Home
Mutual Insurance Company, San Fran
cisco. $29,000; H. Levy, San Jose, $00,000;
Pacific Rolling Mills, San Francisco,
$20,000. Rich owns considerable property
around this city and in San Francisco, but
it is all heavily mortgaged to secure its in
debtedness.
FOUND DEAD IN BED.
Charles M. Beckwith of Los Gatos Sue-
rumba to Heart Disease.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 4.— Charles M.
Beckwith, an esteemed and highly re
spected citizen of Los Gatos, was found
dead in bed at his residence on Glen Ridge
this morning. Heart disease is the cause
of his sudden death.
Life Imprisonment for tuck Nam.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 4.— Yuck Nam,
the slayer of Wong Mow Gee, will serve a
term of life imprisonment, the jury to-day
handing down a verdict of murder in the
secoud degree.
Filed for Probate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 4.— The will of
Edward Pidsley, deceased, who left an
estate consisting of real and personal
property valued at $6530, has been filed for
probate.
Corpus Christi Celebration.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 4.— The feast of
Corpus Christi was celebrated this morn
ing with great pomp at Santa Clara. A
solemn high mass was celebrated, after
which there was a procession.
Board of Education Members.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 4.— E. E. Brow
nell of Mountain View and W. W. Pettitt
of Gilroy have been elected members of
the County Board of Education.
WILLOWS SUFFRAGISTS.
The First Woman's Convention
Ever Held in Glenn
County.
Enthusiastic Proceedings— lnteresting
Addresses and Papers— Pavilion
Beautifully Decorated.
WILLOWS, Cal.. June 4.— The first
woman's suffrage convention ever held in
Glenn County began yesterday afternoon
in Star Hall with a quite a number present.
Mrs. J. T. Handsaker called the meeting
to order and introduced Miss Mary G.
Hay, who is to have charge of the meet
ings in this county. A paper, "Does the
Wife and Mother Need the Ballot?" was
read by Mrs. D. T. Purkitt, and one on the
"New Woman" by Miss E. Purkitt. Miss
E. U. Yates gave a short talk, and after an
outline of the work in the county and
State by Miss Hay the afternoon meeting
adjourned.
At night a large and appreciative audi
ence assembled in the pavilion, which was
beautifully decorated for the occasion.
After the opening gongs and prayer Mrs.
Handsaker read an address of welcome
and paid high tribute to the work of Miss
Susan B. Anthony for the past fifty years.
A song appropriate to the occasion was
next rendered by a little boy and girl.
Mrs. L. A. Pier then introduced the
speaker of the evening, Miss Elizabeth U.
Yates of Maine, who was greeted with
rounds of applause. Miss Yates spoke for
over an hour, thoroughly explaining the
vital points of her subject and holding the
attention of her listeners to the last word,
and many who had come out of idle curi
osity evidently went away thinking seri
ously of voting for the woman's suffrage
amendment next fall.
After a few remarKs by Miss Hay the
evening meeting adjourned.
To-night Rev. Anna H. Shaw will speak
in the pavilion and a large crowd is ex
pected.
TROUBLE ON THE COLUMBIA.
Striking Fishermen Threaten to Drive
Out Chinese Laborers.
ASTORIA, Or., June 4.— There was much
excitement in this city yesterday over
the rumor that a call had been issued for
a mass-mesting of fishermen and laboring
men generally for the purpose of taking
steps to prevent the Chinese from working
in the canneries and to drive them out of
the town.
Sheriff Hare was called out to stop the
circulation of the call. A copy was bulle
tined in front of the office of an evening
paper here, and he ordered the document
destroyed.
Among the cool-headed members of the
Fishermen's Union the movement met
with little or no indorsement; but with
others the step was favored as a means of
revenge on the cannery men for the failure
of the latter to bring the strike to a close.
Th'o cannerymen have again announced
ther inability to pay more than 4 cents a
pound for salmon, but individuals aniong
their number say they would be willing to
pay 4% cents. The fishermen remain firm
in their demand for 5 cents.
BARERSFIELD IN LINE,
Liberal Inducements to Be Offered Valley
Jtoad Directors.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 4.— The
Valley Railroad right of way committee
held a meeting last night, and, after dis
cussing routine matters, appointed a com
mittee of two— E. Dinkelspiel and S. C.
Smith — to go to Fresno to meet directors
of the road who are coming thither to dis
cuss construction at this end. Other com
mittees along the iine between here and
Fresno are expected to be present.
The local committee is prepared to re
port that Kern County is ready to begin
construction of the road. There are only
two instances where the right of way ha^
not been secured, and even these will be
gained by July 1. The committee will
urge that grading commence at the earliest
date convenient.
AWFUL WOODLAND ACCIDENT.
Painter yearly Jiurnul to Heath by a
Turpentine Explosion.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 4. — Robert
Eastham, a painter of this city, met with
an accident this morning that came near
costing him his life. He was paintiiig the
interior of a large water-tank when an ex
plosion occurred, which burnt him horri
bly from his knees to the top of his head.
Eastham lit a candle to see how the
process of drying was getting along, when
the turpentine in the paint ignited, caus
ing the explosion. The untortunate man
was lifted from the tank, and a couple of
buckets of water were required to extin
guish his burning clothes. He was car
ried to his home and is now in a very pre
carious condition.
CHICO BURGLARN CAUGHT.
Had Sacked the Parrish Residence Dur-
ing the Family's Absence.
CHICO, Cal., June 4.— The Parrish resi
dence in this city was burglarized last
evening while Mr. and Mrs. Parrish were
absent, the burglars breaking in the rear
door and sacking the house. One of the
burglars, who proved to be a negro, was
seen just as he was leaving'the house by a
neighbor, who K^ve the alarm. The
n pro, in company with two oilier burly
fellows who had part of the plun-ier, was
afterward caught by Deputy Boyd, who
hehi them at bny with a Winchester rifle
until assistance came.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
LACERATED BY A
CUYAMA GRIZZLY.
Thrilling Night Adventure
of a French Sheep
herder.
THE FLOCK STAMPEDED.
Leaving His Bed to Investigate,
He Is Seized by a
She Bear.
SAVED BY HIS FAITHFUL DOGS.
The Unfortunate Man Is Terribly
Injured, but It Is Thought He
Will Recover,
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 4.-A re
port comes from a remote sheep camp in
the Cuyama country, over sixty miles
southwest of here, that a Frenchman em
ployed as a herder by one Ricbieux,' had
an encounter with a grizzly the other
night in which he narrowly escaped with
his life. As it was he was badly injured.
It appears that the herder was asleep, but
wa3 aroused by some commotion among
the sheep, and at once went to see the
cause, thinking it was a lion or coyote, but
having no suspicion that a bear was
around. He was amazed, however, when
he reached the corral to find himself face
to face with a large female bear, which
was standing on its hind legs, and was ac
companied by a couple of cubs. Before he
coulcl realize what it was that confronted
him in the dim light the bear literally
threw itself on the unfortunate man, pin
ning him to the ground, and then began
chewing him up. His shrieks brought his
dogs to tne scene, however, and they at
once attacked the bear with the utmost
courage. This caused the brate to turn its
attention from the man, who bad just
life enough left to crawl away and get to
his camp. His companions dressed his
wounds and then sent to town for another
herder to take his place. They did not
give the name of the wounded man, but
expressed the Delief that he would recover,
though painfully injured.
A BARERSFIELD HOAN.
How a San Francisco Lady Was Sent on
a Wild-Ooose Chase.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 4.-A lady
who registered as "Mrs. Brown, San Fran
cisco," but whose husband is said to be a j
Deputy Sheriff of Alameda County, ar
rived here on last evening's train and at j
once set about a search for the remains of
her son, Harry Richards, who, she said, j
had been killed here Monday by falling i
from a building. She produced a letter j
purporting to have been written from here i
by one J. S. Mitchell, in which it was
stated that her son bad been killed and !
would be buried as a pauper unless she at
once sent money to pay for his burial. In
stead of sending the money asked for she ]
came herself.
A diligent search failed to discover
either the dead man or Mitchell. No such
accident had occurred and Mitchell was j
unknown. Mrs. Brown then went to a !
hotel and registered, and on turning from '
the desk was astonished to come face to ;
face with her son, supposed to be dead. He
was equally astonished. He made >ome sort
of explanation and early this morning j
Mrs. Brown took the train back to the \
City.
Richards took a peculiar step this fore
noon. He started out on a search for the
alleged body of his brother. He claimed |
that his own name was Robert, not Harry, |
and that he had never been here before, 1
notwithstanding the fact that he is well j
known and had worked as a painter for i
several parties. He has been worrying the !
Coroner, undertaker and others all day i
about the alleged dead man, until now he
is believed to be crazy. It U also believed
that he wrote the letter to his own mother
for the purpose of frightening money out
of her.
SUICIDE AT MO DATE.
James Cushman Ends His Despondency
With Morphine.
FAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 4.-On
Sunday last James Cushman of Mojave
took a large dose of morphine and died
from the effects, combined with his poor
physical condition, on the day following.
He was found in an unconscious condi
tion and proper remedies was applied, but
without avail. An autopsy showed that
Cushman was suffering from fatty degen
eration of the heart, and that death was
directly caused by an overdose of mor
phine, administered by himself. The
Coroner's jury returned a verdict to that
effect. Cushman was about (JO years of
age and had lived for some time at Mojave
where he owned two houses. Until within
a few weeks he had 1 been employed as a
car repairer by the railroad company, but
threw up his job. About a year ago he
lost, his wife, and her loss seemed to affect
him deeply. She was buried in a ceme
tery ju«t east of Mojave, and Cushman
took great care of her grave. He visited
it constantly and was seen there sevt-ral
times weeping bitterly over the mound.
He had been known to go out there at
midnight and even later, and seemed in
consolable over his los. He took to drink
and this brought on a condition of health
wnich finally led to the fatal dose of mor
phine. He had no family or relatives, so
far as known, In this State.
A Y EAR SAN QUENTIN.
J. E. Woodward, of Fresno Sent into
Retirement for Perjury.
FRESNO, Cal., June 4.— J. E. Wood
ward was to-day sentenced to San Quentin
for one year by Judge Webb for perjury.
Woodward swore to a complaint before
Justice Cummings at Sanger, alleging that
he had been robbed by an unknown party
in Red Bluff on January 12 last. On that
date Woodward was serving a sentence in
the county jail here for sending false tele
grams to his aunt, Mrs. Downing, in Oak
land, stating that her husband, who was
teaching school in this county, was dead.
Mrs. Downing and family came to Fresno,
having made full arrangements for the
funeral.
When he was released from jail Wood
ward went to Selma and started a report
that Mrs. Sanders, wife of Professor \\ . A.
Sanders, with whom he had been a cell
imte in fail here, had committed suicide.
H- r<>xt esCrtT'ade was swearing to a com
plain l vhich landed him in San Quentin.
A SAN LUIS MIX-UP.
The County Hospital Management Is Xot
Improved by a Change.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cat,., June 4.—
About May 6 Dr. W. W. Hays was re
moved from his position as superintendent
and i.hysician of the County Hospital and
Dr. F. A. Krill appointed in his stead.
Since then there has been some dissatis
faction expressed that Krill was not the
proper man for the place. At the last
meeting of the Supervisors his report was
accepted and filed, but Supervisors
Mitchell, Bean and Waite went out to
investigate the reports of those interested,
after the board had adjourned, and on
returning issued a call for a special meet
ing on the 10th to discharge him and select
a successor. There se<ms to be complete
satisfaction at the strong stand which the
Supervisors have taken, as affairs at die
hospital have been "mixed up" since Dr.
Hays' retirement.
SANTA BARBARA'S PROGRESS.
The Old Mule Line Must Give Way to
TTp-to- Hate Motors.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 4.— The
Santa Barbara Street Railroad Company
today made application to the City Coun
cil to have its franchise so extended as to
enable it to operate its system by means
of electricity or compressed air. An ordi
nance granting this privilege was imme
diately granted. The petitioner for this
permit is the company which has for years
operated what is known as the mule line
in Santa Barbara streets, th* rickety cars
having been drawn by diminutive mules.
Within the past year a new company has
been organized to operate an electric road
from Goleta to Carpenteria. Outside capi
tal has been brought in for this purpose
and the broad plans of the organization
are in a fair way for consummation. The
activity and enterprise of the new com
pany have evidently stimulated the own
ers of the mule line, who first asked and
received rights of way for two extensions,
one to the Cottage Hospital and the other
to the old Mission, and are now preparing
to replace their vneiated steeds with a
rushing up-to-date modern motor.
RAILROAD RUMOR DE NTED.
The Atlantic and Pacific Will Not Be
Controlled by the Santa Fe.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M.. June 4.— The
leading attorney for the first mortgage
bondholders of the Atlantic and Pacific
says : "I am not advised as to the source of
the information of the people who assert
that the Santa Fe will eventually control
the Atlantic and Pacific property. I can
only say that the probability of any such
control by the Santa Fe in my judgment
no longer exists. I believe that the
Atlantic and Pacific property will be
bought by the bondholders' committee for
the benefit of the first niorteaße bond
holders, and will always in future be
operated as an independent property.
That it will be operated in harmony with
the Santa Fe system I have no doubt, but
not as a part of that system.
HE COULD NOT ESCAPE,
Failure of Ohio Fatty's Scheme
to Leave San Quen
tin.
He Crawled Into a Carding-Machine,
but Was Driven Out by
Hunger.
SAN QUENTIN, Cal., June 4.— Last
Monday afternoon Ohio "Fatty' (Frank
Wheeler) was supposed to have escaped
from San Quentin. There was a sudden
uproar and a diligent search was made for
the man of adipose, but without avail.
Fatty was gone as completely as if he had
evaporated.
Since that time a most careful watch has
been kept for the absent convict. All
roads in the vicinity of the prison have
been guarded and dozens of men were put
on his supposed trails. While all this was
going on Fatty was taking it easy in an
old jute caruinc-inaciiine into which he
had crawled, and he would be doing so yet
if he had not become hungry and thirsty.
This combination, however, was too much
even for the desperate Fatty. Two day?
and a hali' was all he wanted, so he
crawled out this morning and gave him
self up, aDont hall dead with exhaustion.
Fatty stated to Warden Hale that he
crawled into the machine last Monday and
had remained there ever siuce, waiting for
a chance to escape.
Warden Hale says thht he does not think
the convict got into the carder until Tues
day morning. Fatty told the Warden
Saturday last that he would not work in
the jutemill, but would try to escape. He
kept his word.
Wheeler is a man 35 years of age. In
1888, when serving a term for burglary, he
escaped and got as far as Chicago. He
would have been all right had be»not taken
to stealing again. He landed in Joliet
prison and served a six-year term.
About two years ago \V heeler journeyed
to Los Angeles. He was recognized there
and arrested and sent back to San Quen
tin to serve the rest of his sentence. Some
years ago the man escaped from Sing Sing.
lie is known all over the country as a des
perate character.
THE SANTA CRUZ CONTEST.
Slow Voting for Queen— Miss Josie Tur
cot in the Lead.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 4.— The vot
ing for carnival Queen has been quite slow
until yesterday and to-day. The votes
counted to-night put Miss Josie Turcut
again in the lead of Miss Nina de St. Hu
bert, with Miss Genevra Kelsey third.
There have been a large number of votes
purchased to-day, and it was believed that
they and others that have been held back
for several days would be cast to-night,
but the vote w:is disappointing, although
larger than other days. Saturday will be
the last day, and it is expected that the
big voting will be done just before the close
of the boxes at 10 o'clock that night. The
race lies between the three ladies men
tioned, though there is no guessing what
may transpire. Friday's returns are ex
pected to be some sort of a criterion, but
the persons buying votes are not given to
declaring their choice.
CHEAPER HATES TO TOSEMITE.
Governor Budtl shakes Up Things at a
Commlsaionrrs' Meeting.
YOSEMITE, Cal., June 4.- Governor
Bndd is shaking t inga up in this vicinity.
He has discovered that the Southern Pa
cific Company has been plundering tour
ists by charging $40 for the round trip
from San Francisco, when it was worth
exactly $27 40. He proposes to take some
measures to change this. At the meeting
of the Yosemite Commissioners yesterday
the Governor stated that the concession
aires in the valley were an unprofitable
lot. The repairs to the buildings made by
the State were more than the rents. The
Governor said he intended to make a
graded hotel rate, lower saddle rales and a
proper fare rate for comin in to the val
ley. Secretary Sheean reported that the
receipts from the valley were $15156 71.
He was re-elected secretary. George B.
Sperry was chosen vice-president and
Galen Clark guardian.
MANGLED BY A FLATUAR.
Shocking Death of a Little Boy at Cor-
nrliUM, Or.
CORNELIUS, Or., June 4.— Lester True,
the six-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Drusy
True, was run over by a rlatcar this after
noon and almost instantly killed. The
car was standing on a sidetrack, which
has a slight incline, and in some way it
was started on the down grade—it is said
by the little fellow's use of a pinch-bar,
which he had picked up. He ran in front
of the car to stop it, when he was knocked
down and the heavy car passed over his
arms and body, killing him almost in
stantly. It does not .seem possible that
the boy couid have by his own efforts
started the car moving, but as there was
an incline it would have taken but little to
have set it moving.
BUCKLEY'S GANG
IS DEFEATED,
Result of the Democratic
Primaries in Los
Angeles.
SILVER MEN ARE CHOSEN
They Are Also in Favor of San
Pedro and Against the
Funding Bill.
CREIGHTON FOR CONGRESS.
Attempt to Boom Senator White for
the Presidency Declared to Be
Without Authority.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 4.— Since the
smoke of the Democratic primaries' Battle
of last Tuesday evening has lifted a count
of noses has been made by the leaders of
the two warring factions and it is found
that the purity crowd— Stephens-Harris-
Herald unity— made a big winning and
will have two-thirds of the delegation to
the County Convention. Nearly all the
leaders of the Buckley-railroad gang have
been ingloriously defeated, including "Sil
ver John" Mitchell, sage of Cahuenga,
General Last and W. R. Burke.
A large preponderance of the delegates
are known to be free-silver men of pro
; nounced views. These are equally earnest
in favor of San Pedro and a strong anti
funding resolution by the State Conven
tion. It transpires that one especial ob
ject sought by the shorthairs — Last-
Mitchell crowd — was to carry a resolution
through the County Convention in opposi
tion to Senator White as delegate-at-lurge
from California to the National Conven
; tion. Owing to the bold stand of the Los
Angeles Herald against a coterie of small
bored statesmen of the Buckley combine
Telfair Creighton of that paper is being
boomed as a candidate for Congress against
McLachlan.
The friends of George S. Patton are sur
prised at the editor's sudden development
of strength in this connection, but say
that their idol can have the nomination if
he wants it. The defeat of Mitchell, who
was prominently spoken of as a candidate
of ths "shorthairs" for chairman of the
County Convention, is the most astonish
ing feature of the late primary, since it
has always been claimed by himself and
friends that he "carried the vote of Ca
huenga in his vest pocket." A sturdy
friend of the Stephens- faction will
represent "Silver John's" precinct in the
County Convention.
»
WHITE'S PRESIDENTIAL BOOM.
His Friends Declare It Was Started
Without His Atithority.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 4.— A Call
correspondent here to-day interviewed a
number of Senator White's closest political
and personal friends regarding the incipi- |
ent Presidential boom in his behalf. They [
all declared that they had no information
on the subject, and were very certain any j
attempt in that direction was unauthor- [
ized by the Senator.
All of them conceded White's ability for j
the great office, but say most emphatically !
that any plan at this time with the end |
in view to nominate him this year is more
than absurd. The Senator's fealty to the
people's interest on the funding measure I
ami his untiring efforts on benalf of San i
Pedro have added immensely to his popu- I
iarity, and the sentiment here is that he is !
the right man in the right place, but that '
his services should not be compromised or
obscured by any attempt to natch out a |
Presidential boom in his behalf. The ;
whole thing is regarded as untenable, ab- j
surd and entirely out of the question.
SILVER PART Y IN THE SOUTH.
Members Are Enthusiastic, and Earnest
ness Prevails All Along the Line.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 4. — Los
Angeles members of the silver party are
greatly elated over letters received here
from Alva Udell, secretary of the State
executive committee of the American
Bimetallic party at San Francisco, con
taining information in regard to the work
in the central and northern part of the
State. Enthusiastic meetings for the pur
pose of organization are being held in
many counties, and the greatest earnest
ness" prevails all alone the line. In one
letter Udell says: "Mr. Chilstrom is now
(Tuesday last) in Contra Costa County,
working for the cause. He will reach San
Jose on Thursday, thence to Santa Cruz,
and from there down the Salinas Valley
toward San Luis Obispo. We are organ
izing leagues in every Senatorial district
in the city, and the work is going on as
well as could be expected under the cir
cumstances."
DEMOCRATS AND POPULISTS.
ISoth Parties Are Claiming a Victory in
PORTLAND. Ob., June 4.— Both Re
publican and Populist chairmen are claim
ing the ele tion of their nomlnessfor Con
gress in both districts. Latest returns on
the Congressional election in the Second
District gives these pluralities by coun
ties:
Quinn, PopulistEßaker 55, Columbia 37,
Union 331, Wallows 252, Multnomah 629.
Total, 1304.
Ellis, regular Republican— Clatsop 293,
Wasco 450, Sherman 85, Gilliam 145, Mor
row 100, Umatilla 170, Malbeur 65. Crook
150. Total, 1458. This gives Ellis 154
plurality.
Grant County has not yet been heard
from. In Malheur only four precincts
have been heard from.
There are nine more. Nothing has been
heard from Harney County. AH these
counties went strongly Kepubl.can two
years ago. State Chairman Hirsch of the
Republican committee is confident the of
ficial canvass will increase Ellis' plurality.
in the First District Vanderburg's
plurality of 170 seems to be dwindling.
Tongue (R.) has .ained fifty in Douglas*
County. Curry County has just been
heard from, giving Tongue a p.uraluy of
120, so that he is now twenty-three
behind.
An official count will be necessary to
determine the election of Congressmen in
both districts. Populists claim election of
Martin Qmnn in First District by very
small plurality, and the Republican State
chairman is confident of Ellis success.
Ellis nt the present time has 12.S plurality
in the district, allowing Quinn (W0 plurality
in Multnomah County. Harney, Grant
and four precincts in Mnlheur County are
yet to come. In Multnomah County there
are three precincts to hear from.
Chairman Hirsch believes that Grant
will give 100 plurality and counts Harvey
and four precincts in Malheur a stand-off.
He thus allows Quinn to gain 228 in Mult
nomah and stnl fall short. Chairman
Young of tne Populist State Committee
denies the Grant County claim.
In the First Disuict Vande-burjj's lead
over Tongue has increased to 77 since this
morn mg. There ar- yet to be heard from
one small district in Kiamath County,
usually Populist, and one in Lakp. This
will not decrease Vanderburg's lead.
An official count alone can settle the
election. The Legislature stands on joint
ballot 7 Democrat*. 2 Union bimetallic,
63 Republicans, 16 Populists and 3 yet in
doubt. .Senator Mitchell's re-eiecti'»n i 3
thus considered almost settled by Chair
man H:r~ch.
The chances against it are the revolt of
gold-stand; rd Republicans alonft with the
refusal of Democrats and Populists, all of
whom are for free siiver, to vote for him.
MESDUCINO DEMOCRATS.
Declare for Free Silver and Take a Stand
AoaiHSt the Funding Bill.
UKIAH, Cal., June 4.— The Democratic
county convention met here to-day and.
after the adoption of a platform, nomina
tions for Superior Jud.e were declared in
order. Judge R. McGarvey was placeil in
nomination, but declined to accept. J. Q.
White being the only other candidate
was declared the nominee of the conven
tion. J. B. Sanford, the incumbent, was
nominated As«emblyman.
The following were elected delegates to
the State Convention to be held at Sacra
mento: J. A. Cooper, J. H. Seawell, John
Buckingham, John Flanagan, John C.
Lane. George W. McMullen, W. E. Par
sons, Dr. E. G. Case and J. C. Ruddock.
Delegates were pledged to a free coinage
of silver platform, against the funding
bill and against the American Protective
Association.
Arizona Democrats.
TUCSON, Aeiz., June 14.— A1l counties
save one have elected delegates to the
Democratic Territorial Convention, which
meets June 8. All delegates were in
structed to vote only for delegates to Chi
cago pledged to free-silver coinage. A
majority of the conventions condemned
Cleveland's policy and the others voted
down resolutions indorsing him.
NEWCASTLE FRUIT.
The First Carload as Freight Will Be
Shipped To-Day.
NEWCASTLE, Cal., June 4.— Owing to
the fruit crop, especially early fruits, being
short and somewhat later than usual the
first carload will leave here this evening,
and will consist of cherries, apricots and
peaches, loaded by the different firms of
this place. Although large quantities
have been shipped by express Gaily this is
the first carload to go by freight. In some
localities it is found that peaches will be
short, while in others it is necessary to
thin them out, but as the pear crop is
good throughout the country it is thought
that the tonnage will be equally as great
as last year. As the peaches are ripening
quite rapidly and the weather is favorable,
another car will follow this one shortly.
BOILER EXPLOSION.
Miraculous Escape of Railroad Laborers
in Shuman Canyon.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., June 4.— Late
; yesterday afternoon at Shuman Canyon,
i on the Southern Pacific, the boiler of en
! gine 1904, a wrecking locomotive attached
to a gravel train, exploded. No one was
| injured, though about fifty men were close
i by working in a gravel pit. It is remark-
I able that no one was injured, .as portions
! of the engine flew in every direction, one
I piece of the smokestack falling between two
! men who were standing cose together.
! The engineer and fireman were hurled
! through the air twenty feet by the force
! of the compressed sietim, which threw a
I great quantity of ashes from the firebox.
ST LOVERN'S TRIAL AT VISALIA.
The First Venire Exhausted and Only
Ten Jurom Srcured.
VISALIA, Cal., June 4.— The first venire
of 100 has been exhausted in securing a
jury to try Si Lovern for complicity in the
i Tagus attempt at train-robbery March 18,
\ and only ten jurors secured. Six of them
have Dcen mentioned in The Call. The
i other four are: J. N. Hambrieht, a stock
! man of Dry Creek; 0. H. Hartmar., a
! farmer of Tipton ; T. B. Crabtree, a farmer
! of Tule River, and M. E. Stifler, another
j farmer from Elbow.
•
CARSON I NCORP ORATION.
The Alpine Land and Reservoir Com
pany Jirady for Jiusiness.
CARSON, Nev., June 4.— A certificate
j of incorporation of the Alpine Land and
! Reservoir Company was filed with the
; County Clerk here this afternoon. The
; principal place of business will be Carson
| City, and the incorporak>rst are Gov
| ernbr Reinhold Sadler, A. Livingston,
I George W. Keith, William M. Thornburg
and George I. Laramon. The title of the
company indicates the character of the
business it will transact.
Vacation
and
Money
Which shall it be ? Suitable clothes with empty pockets ?
or unsuitable clothes and plenty of coin ?
Of the two evils choose— NEITHER.
■<*: Pay us about one-half as much for the clothes as you
would have to pay at a retail store (for the same clothes,
mind you). The other half will enable you to buy com-
forts, sports and recreations that will double the value of
your vacation.
Men's seasonable, sensible, summery vacation Suits from $5
UP | latest effects in tans, browns and grays.
Hll l^f iNI bros - *^
Wholesale Manufacturers
* Props. RETAILED Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
T2l-123 SANSOME STREET,
'ft Bet. Bush and Pins Sis.
______ ALL BLUE SIGNS
WAS ACCIDENTALLY SHOT
serious Injuries to One Stockton
Police Oficer by An
other.
Homage M-'ssed the Tar-jet and Sent
a Ball Into Ke neb's
Arm.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 4.— An unfor
tunate accident occurred at i he butts at
Goodwater Grove, just outside this city,
this afternoon, in which one policeman
shot and seriously wounded another. The
sbooling was accidental.
It has been the practice of the police to
shoot in squads at the grove three times
each week.
This afternoon it was the turn of Officers
Kenyon, Homage and Klench to try their
skillbefore the butts. Kenyon and Klench
had taken their turns and made fairly
good scores, and then it was H^rnage's op
portunity to iry his skill. Klench and
Kenyon offered to score for him.
The distance was fifty yards, and Homa
ge was tiring a 41-caliber Coit's revolver.
He fired several shots and struck the
target, but at the next shot Klench gave a
cry of pain and staggered back with a ball
in his rieht arm.
He had got too near the edge of the
bulkhead on which the targets were
placed and when Homage made his first
miss the ball struck his brother officer in
the elbow, and, glancing down the fore
arm, shattered the bone terribly.
The patrol wagon was summoned and
Klench was taken to his home on Fremont
street. Tnere Drs. Gibbons and Sargent
examined his injuries and found the bones
of the right forearm badly shattered.
They are afraid to-night that amputation
will be necessary.
Klench was a very popular officer, and
has been on the force a number of years.
Homage, who shot him, has been on the
force for over ten years. The men were
the best of friends, and Homage is pro#»
trated over the shooting of his brother
officer.
CONVICTED AT LOS ANGELES.
Coyne Found Guilty of Dynamiting the
Stimson Mansion.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 4. -The
trial of Henry L. Coyne, accused of an
attempt to blow up the residence of T. D.
Stimson, was concluded here to-day.
Coyne made an indifferent defense.
An empl6ye of the Tinsley Detective
I Agency here was called to show that
Coyne was at the agency the day the dyna
mite cap was purchnsed at Monrovia.
The case was given to the jury a little
I after noon.
Them was but little argument and soon
after the dinner hour the jury retired for
deliveration. At ten minutes after 2
o'clock tlie jury returned to the court
room and declared its verdict to be guilty
as charged in the indictment.
Coyne will be sentenced next Monday.
Under the charge in the indictment Coyne
is liable to get five years in the peniten
tiary.
PREDICTS A LANDSLIDE.
Master Workman Sovereign on the Politi
cal Outlook.
TACOMA, Wash., June 4.— Hon. J. R.
Sovereign, master workman of the
Knights of Labor, who is on a lecturing
tour of the Northwest, addressed a large
audience this evening. He predicts a
general landslide from both the old par
ties and forming of a silver party. Labor
organisations here accorded him a grand
reception.
Returns Home From Merced.
MERCED, Cal., June 4.— John Ray,
who attempted to pass a spurious check
on a business man here last week, drawn on
the Fresno National Bank, pleaded guilty
yesterday and was sentenced by Judge
Law to Folsom for five years. Ray is an
old convict, having just finished a term in
San Quentin of thirteen years.
Siberian Reindeer for Alaska.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 4.— Miner W.
Bruce, who has a contract for supplying
the United States Government with Si
berian reindeer for Alaska, has chartered
the schooner Ella Johnson of this city
with which to transport reindeer to this
side.
Boy Drowned at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., June 4.— Rupert
Frohn, aged 12, son of Dairyman Frohn,
was drowned this afternoon in a narrow
stream east of town. He waded beyond
his depth while bathing and was lost be
fore his schoolmates could call aid.
NEW TO-DAY.FROM STOCKTON
TO MODESTO,
Excursion of Business Men
Over the Valley
Road.
TO OBSERVE PROGRESS.
The Track Is Laid Within a
Mile and a Half of
Town.
VISITORS WILL ENTERTAINED.
Now That There Is Plenty of Material
Work Will B3 Pushed
Rapidly.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 4.— This morn
ing a special excursion went from this city
• Valley road to witness the last
few miles of tract beinc laid between tnis
There Ware Plenty of Laborers on Hand Waiting for a Chance to Go to Work
1 U the Mater. al Arrived for Completing the San Joaquin Valley
Railroad to Merced
city and Merced. When the excursion
started at 9:30 o'cloct this morning Super
intendent McFarland figured that there
was about a mile and a half of track to lay
before the outskirts of Merced were
reached.
Tec special train that left this morning
car. oil seven carloads of ties besides sev
eral cars laden with timber and smaller
lumber. A large force of men was put to
work and were soon laying track at a rapid
Among those who left this morning to
witness the connection by the Valley road
of *.hi 3 city and Merced on a direct line
were Mayor H. N. Baggs, President Lan :
of the City Council, Street Superintendent
'.well and W. J. Golds worthy of the
Commercial Asaociation.
They were provided with a generous lun
cheon for themselves and a number of
newspaper men who accompanied them,
and were ready to make a day of it at the
front inspecting th; wonderful progress
made by the people'^ road since the first
tie was laid here many months ago.
Before starting Superintendent McFar
land said that there would be considerable
work to do in the city of Merced in laying
the tracks and switches in that place be
.. fore work beyond there could be pushed
forward.
From Merced the work n' •-.-'• -in^
will be rushed as fast as :i '-
Workingmen's Camp of the San Joaquin Valley Railroad Jnst Outside the City
Limits of .Merced.
ri.'hts of way will carry it, and it is ex- I
j pc ted here that it will not be long before
the road will connect this city with Fresno j
and the grain crop of the valley be moving j
to the warehouses here rather than to
Port Costa.
A new move in the way of bridge-build
ini: on the road has been decided upon.
The timbers for the bridge across the San |
Joaqoin River were on the ways nere at i
the material-yard, and were being set up, j
when it was decided to take them apart
and ship the separate pieces as far as the
road went, and then carry them by team
to the brid .c.
This will cause a great saving in time,
as the bridge will now be ready for cross- j
ing just as soon as the track-layers reach
it Otherwise it would be some time after
the track had reached the San Joaquin
tmfore the bridge timbers put together
here could be placed in position.
The Mayor of this city and th* rest of
the delegation were met at Merced by rep
resentative citizens and conducted about
that place m a coach. They were given a
i] reception and a general good time
was enjoyed by all.
The track did not quite reach Merced
this i vening, as was expected, but will be
in that city by 11 o'clock to-morrow. Be
yond Merced there are ten milee of grade
already completed, and track -lay ing on
this section will be commenced without
delay.
m
THE ENCURSIONIST IN MERCED.
Shown the City by Members of the Board
of Trade.
MERCED, Cal., June 4.— Mayor Baggs
and members of the City Council of Stock-
ton, accompanied by several business men
of that city, arrived this afternoon at the
end of the track of the Valley road, which
is about a mile and a half from the limits
of Merced.
The visitors were received by the City
Trustees and the Board of Trade.
On behalf of the latter organisation the
party was welcomed in a speech by Dr.
O'Brien, to which a response was made by
Mayor Bapps. The party was escorted to
carriages and . driven into town. After
taking a drive through the city they re
turned to their train and steamed home
ward.
By to-morrow afternoon the locomotive
will salute Merced from Bear Creek, the
delay in reaching here having been caused
by the non-arrival of material for one or
two culverts just bpyond the city.
To-nitrht Vice-President Watt, John D.
Spreckels, Thomas Magee and Captain A.
H. Payson, with Chief Engineer Storey,
arrived here and to-morrow will make a
trip of inspection over the road.
Chief Engineer Storey said this evening
that the work beyond" Merced would be
pushed without delay. Beyond the ten
miles of >;rade there is a right-of-way in
dispute, but the case will come up in court
on Monday and the company will deposit
the money in court pending a settlement
of the suit and go on with the work.
•
WHEAT OVER THE ROAD.
It Will Probably Baffin to Move
on the Fifteenth of This
Month.
It is probable that by the 15th of this
I month the Valley road will begin to carry
wheat out of the San Joaquin Valley from
points as far south as Merced.
Last night a party of six, comprising
j John D. Ppreckels, Robert Watt, Thomas
■ Magee, Captain A. H. Payson, Chief En
gineer W. B. Storey Jr. and Traffic Mana
ger John Moss, left for Stockton to make
an inspection tour of the great competing
railroad.
Not only will the completed portion of
the road — which now extends to Merced —
: be gone over, but the trip will be extended
ias far as Fresno. Incidentally, right of
way matters will receive attention, and at
Fresno an important conference will be
j held with the committees appointed by
■ the people south of Fresno to secure a
right of way south of Fresno for the
Valiey road.
It is the feeling of the directors of the
I company tbat they should be granted a
I right of way clear through from Fresno to
■■ Bakersfield without cost. Such a conces
: sion would materially accelerate the con
struction of the road to its southern termi
nus and would also lessen the cost and so
i permit of lower rates than would other
] wise be the case.
During this jaunt Traffic Manager Moss
and Engineer Storey will endeavor to come
to some arrangement between them look
ing to the moving of wheat fromM erced
and points north by the 15th.
While the road is completed to Merced,
there are not at this time sufficient loco
motives on hand to warrant the company
in attempting to do a general business,
but it is expected to utilize the constric
tion trains, wi ich now return from the
front to Stockton virtually empty, for the
transportation of wheat to tidewater.
The party will be away for hve or six
days, and on its return to this City this
matter will be definitely decided, and
there is every probability that the decision
will be in favor of beginning the handling
of the wheat crop of tne lower San Joaquin
Valley by the middle of the current month.
Alonzo Mailing's Trial.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. June 4.— The trial
of Alonzo Walling, accused of complicity
in the murder of Pearl Bryan, was re
sumed to-day. There were but two new
features in the testimony. Cabman Belli
swearing that Miss Bryan asked for Wall
ing as well as Jackson on the night of her
arrival, and that the note she wrote was
addressed to both. The balance of the
proceedings of the day was a rehash of
Jackson's trial.
At Epsom Downs.
LONDON, England, June 4.— The prin
cipal event of to-day's racing on Epsom
Downs was the great Surrey Breeder's
foal plate of 1200 sovereigns tor two-year
olds, the race being won by Lord Rose
berry's Chelandry, the Duke of Portland's
Lady Frivoles second and J. B. Leigh's
Flying Colous third.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
TWO QUEENS FOR
THE CARNIVAL
One for California' and the
Other for San Fran
cisco.
THE PEOPLE WILL ELECT
Campaign for the Needed Cash to
Begin in the City Next
Week.
COMMITTEES TO BE NAMED.
Skill of the Home Mechanics Will Be
Utilized and Original Designs
Solicited.
The carnival of the Golden Gate will not
have as many queens as there were Rich
monds in the field, but there will be two,
nevertheless, and every loyal Californian
wnl owe equal allegiance to both, but must
put up coin to elect either. In the first
place, any lady of California will be
eligible to the position of State Queen, and
on California's day Her Majesty will rule.
For Queen of San Francisco any lady
whose residence is in this City should be
eligible to swing the scepter — in a local
sense. Each queen must be chosen by the
people, and at the election every person,
without regard to age, sex, color, nativity,
dazed or sober, may vote once, for 10 cents
a baliot. and as often thereafter as a dime
can be produced. The money derived will
be placed in the carnival treasury.
Last evening R. Ji. Warfield, president,
and Samuel W. Backus, secretary of the
executive committee, discussed carnival
topics.
The members of the finance committee
will commence an active canvass of the
business houses, banks, hotels and other
institutions early in the coming week in
order to raise the funds for the necessary
expenses.
It has been ascertained, from the reports
of their committees, that New Orleans en
tertained during the last carnival some
thing like 150,0u0 guests, and it was esti
mated that each one of these expended
about $30, making a total increase of busi
ness during the week of between $4. 000,000
and ?5.000,000. San Jose entertained about
50,000 on its principal day. Los A ngeles
entertained a number exceeding 60,000.
The features outlined by the committee
on programme on Wednesday afternoon
were even more attractive than any that
have ever been held elsewhere.
General Warfield expects to announce
on Monday his appointments of the com
mittees authorized at the last meeting of
the executive committee. Some fitteen
committees were suggested, and the task
ot filling them is one of no mean magni
tude. Representative men of all classes of
busines-i are being invited to lend their
assistance to make the affair a success.
The service of men known to be capable
and specially qualified by experience is
much desired. It is not expected that the
best of men will recommend themselves,
hence General Warfield wouid be delighted
to receive suggestions from their friends.
The name of the person and the committee
on which he might render the best service
should be sent in writing to the president
of the executive committee.
The committees to be filled are police
and streets, music, judges of awards and
prizes, decoration and illumination of
streets and buildings other than Golden
Gate Park, invitation, athletic sports, re-
I ception, public halls and places of meet
ing, badges, carnival colors and regalia,
hotels and accommodations, transporta
tion, street rrihvay and carriages, literary
j exercises, concessions, souvenirs and pro-
I grammes and pyrotechnic-i.
The executive committee is prepared to
I procure designs of the handsomest floats
' ever used in other places, but do not in
; tend to use any second-hand parapher-
I naiia. The committee is restricted en
• tirely in its purchases to articles of home
' manufacture, and in presenting designs to
i the public expects to use the labor of San
i Francisco mechanics.
The committee desires to secure designs
for stationer}-, badges and regalia repre
senting the carnival colors, and some de
si :-ns emblematic of San Francisco, Cali
fornia and the Golden Gate. These de
signs are to be used in decorations on the
stationery and in every style to advertise
the carnival.
Prizes for original designs will be offered
to invite the competition of the nest artists
in designing. The committee also desires
hints and suggestions from the public as
to the fetes that should be recognized in
the programme.
CAMPOS AND BERERO ARE UGLY.
They Are Inclined to Reject All Efforts at
Preventing a Duel Between
Themselves.
MADRID, Spain, June 4.— The great
sensation in Madrid just at present is the
attempted duel between General Martinez
Campos and General Berero, which was
prevented by the timely interference of
the Captain-General of Madrid.
The Iniparciol publishes the full text of
the letter that was sent by General Berero
to General Campos and which brought to
a crisis the quarrei between those two offi
cers. It was this letter that caused Gen
eral Campos to send the challenge.
Notwithstanding his ill success in the
Cuban war, General Campos Las a host of
friends, and they all indorse him in his
action, the character of Berero having
justified extreme measures. That the
Government takes the same view is shown
by the fact that efforts are being made to
get Berero to withdraw his offensive
epistle. If he refuses to do so ht will be
court-martialed.
General Azcarraga, Minister of War, has
summoned both Marshal Campos and
General Berero to visit him at the War
Ministry, his intention being to procure
promises from them that they" will not
fight. The Queen Regent is also seeking
to pacify the duelists, and has requested
their attendance at the palace to-morrow.
THE KNIFE AT LOS ANGELES
Twt^ltxleanf -Engage in a Sanguinary
Conflict Over a iroman.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 4.— Two
Mexicans get into a fight on Upper Main
street to-nieht and one was badly cut.
The injured man disappeared mysteri
ously, and when the police arrived they
found only the assailant in a blood-stained
coat and carrying a bloody knife. The ar
rested man bore no scars. A woman is
said to have been the cause of the light.
The extent of the injured man's wounds
cannot be learned.
VICTORIA DIS STER IAQUIRY.
'testimony of an Agent of the San JFran
dseo Jiridyr Company.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 4.— J. B. C.
Lockwnod, Seattle agent of tha San Fran
cisco Bridge Company, which built Point
Eilis bridge, tet.ii tied at the Coroner's in
quest in the catastrophe to-day that al
though the design of the bridge was all
right, it was never intended to carry such
a weight as twenty tons, which the car and
its passengerp that went through on May
26 weighed. His theory was that the iron
hangers of the floor became broken, or
el?e a track stringer on one side and the
broken timber acted like a huge lever to
force up the support of the overhead truss
out of place and brought the whole span
down with the fatal car.
The inquiry is likely to last several days
longer.
TROUBLE IN COURT.
George Way and William Gabriel Almost
Come to Itlotri.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 4.— There came
near being a fight in Judge Smith's court
room tnis forenoon, and but lor the ad
monition of the Judge and the prompt
iterference of Deputy Sheriff Biack, there
would have been a rough-and-tumble bat
tle between George \V. Way and William
Gabriei.
They were stopped in time to prevent
being hauled up for contempt of court,
and another interesting chapter is added
to those that have been told of the trou
bles of Way in getting his child Edith
from her associates.
Gabriel was cited to appear before Judge
Smith at 11 o'clock this forenoon and de
liver up the girl, Edith Way, who told a
strange story of abduction. He was on
hand with the child, and Judge Smith
ordered that she be turned over to her
father.
As the father started out of the court
room he spied Gabriei and started for him
to thrash him in open court, but a stalwart
deputy Sheriff stopped the men just in
time. " Jud^e Smith allowed the men to
depart, with an admonition to the deputy
Sheriff to arrest them if they attempted to
harm each other.
SANTA ROSA ENLIVENED
Mayor and Councilman in Hot
Dispute Over a Bill
for Lumber.
In an Open Letter the Councilman
Compares His Excellency With
Grover Cleveland,
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 4.— The City
Council held a three-hour session last
night which was enlivened by some florid
streaks of eloquence. The trouble is all
over a ?300 bill of lumber that was pur
chased from Councilman Berka.
Mayor Jessa took the floor and declared
that he never would sign the warrant as it
was illegal, backing up his statement by
an opinion from the City Attorney to that
effect.
Some of the members of the board ob
jected to the Mayor's action, on the ground
that the Council had ordered the bill paid,
and that it was not vnthin the Mayor's
province to override the wishes of the
Council.
Councilman T. P. Keegan, in an open
letter to a local paper, says that the duties
of the Mayor are to preside over the
deliberations of the Council and to vote
only in case of a tie, that his duties are
not optional but mandatory and that he
must sign the warrant.
Trie irate Councilman winds up by com
paring the Mayor to Grover Cleveland,
wno, he says, thinks himself above Con
gress, as the Mayor thinks himself above
the Council. It was through Councilman
Keegan the lumber over which the dispute
arose was ordered, and in the absence of
Mr. Berke and against his express orders,
but, as it was badly needed, the foreman
of the yard allowed them to take it. Mr.
Keegan, who ordered it, says that it could
not be obtained at any other yard in town
and that the bill ought to and will be paid.
DENTISTS AT SANTA CRUZ.
Preparing to Receive the State Associa-
tion Delegates.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 4.—Arranee
ments are being made for the reception of
the delegates to the annual convention of
the California State Dental Association
at the Sea Beach Hetel, in this city, on
Tuesday evening, June 9.
A musical programme will be presented
by the Ladies' orchestra and the Hastings
Social Singing Club, assisted by the well
known San Francisco tenor, Donald G.
Graham.
Mayor Clark will deliver the welcome
address, and the citizens of Santa Cruz
will extend to the visitors a cordial recep
tion.
UNITED IN M. iRRIAGE.
Prominent Eureka Merchant Weds a
Santa Rosa livlle.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 4.— Robert
Skinner of Eureka and Miss Charlotte
Hutchinson of Santa Rosa were united in
marriage to-day at high noon.
The ceremony was performed at the
Church of the Incarnation in the pres
ence of many invited guests. Miss Essie
Austin of this city was bridesmaid and
Mr. Ross of Eureka was best man.
After the ceremony a reception was held
at the residence of the bride's mother.
The groom is a prominent business man
or" Eureka, and the bride one of Santa
Rosa's most charmintr daughters.
FIRED UPON A STREETCAR.
Unknown Assassins Shoot Down Motorman
Breen and Conductor
Schwartz.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., June 4.— Late to
night a car on the Howell-street extension
was fired into by unknown persons, and
Motorman John E. Breen fatally, and
Conductor Schwartz severely injured.
About thirty shots were fired from behind
a clump of bushes about six blocks from
the city limits.
The car was riddled with bullets, but
fortunately there were no passenger?.
Breen was shot in the back, the ball pene
trating his kidneys and bladder. The con
ductor was shot in the right leg above the
knee. Both men were taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where it is said .Breen will
die before morning. The shooting is un
doubtedly the outcome of the recent strike.
Fire in a Hiah Building.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minx., June 4.— The
Edison building, one of the highest and
best buildings in the city, adjoining the
Lumber Exchange on Hennepin avenue,
caught fire at 2 o'clock this morning.
Though the building was supposed to be
fireproof, the flumes raged fiercely. The
firemen, however, gained a remarkable
victory, and subdued the flames after five
doors had been burned out. Several
newspapers and printing establishments
are in the building. The loss, it is
thought, will not exceed $50,000, and may
possibly be less.
(i at,, l for' Corporation*.
LINCOLN, Nebr., June4.— The Supreme
Court to-day handed down an opinion of
much interest to corporations. In effect
it declares that employers are not liable
for injuries sustained through accident
where ordinary care has been exercised.
Ernesto Rossi Dead.
ROME, Italy. June 4.— Ernesto Rossi,
the distinguished Italian actor, died at
Pescara to-day. He was born at Leghorn
in 1829.
HEWS OF SAMOAH ISLANDS
American Merchant Gets Into
Trouble for Importing
Cartridges.
Mrs. R. L. Stevenson and Party Have
Arrived and Are Again Occu
pying Vailima,
APIA, Samoa, May 20. — President
Schmidt was between two tires the other
day. He had instituted a criminal action
aeainst an American merchant, H. J.
Moors, for illegally importing certain rifle
ammunition. The facts of the matter
were briefly as follows: Moors in Febru
ary last had obtained a permit fiom the
President to import certain cartridges.
The same came duly to hand by the laat
trip of the Alameda from San Francisco
packed in a case of hardware. By some
means or other no specific declaration was
made at the customs by the importer, al
though he handed in his invoices in which
the item ammunition appeared. As it hap
pened, a little later on the end of the
hardware case, while in bond, became
partly detached and the box ot cartridges
fell out.
Immediately the worst possible con
struction was put on this, and President
Schmidt instituted the action alluded to
which resulted ill the case being dismissed
by the lower court, Dut is now on appeal
in the Supreme Court.
The tight fix to which I have referred
occurred during the hearing in the muni
cipal court. The magistrate, William
Cooper, in his judgment made a reference
to the fact that many permits granted by
President Schmidt and his predecessor in
office were contrary to the spirit of the
Berlin treaty and the municipal arms and
ammunition ordinance, and, strange to
say, in the course of his argument, R. L.
Skeen, counsel for the prosecution, claimed
that in granting Moors a permit to import
rifle cartridges the President exceeded his
authority.
The case is still exciting considerable
attention, as the law against importing
arms is very severe in Samoa, and justly
so. The natives are exceedingly unset
tled, although there are no overt acts of
rebellion being committed.
Meetings among the Tumua party are
frequent, especially during the past week,
and the Chief Tamasese is being made
very prominent. Not a cent of taxes is
corning in from native sources. King
Maiietoa has granted what may be con
sidered a general amnesty to all political
opponents, partly induced thereto by
pressure brought on him by merchants in
Apia, who want to see the natives bringing
into town their copra. In spite of this
amnesty tbe Tumua party stands aloof.
S. M. S. Falke escorted a surveyor to the
Atua district last week in order that a
threatened obstruction to certain necessary
work should not eventuate. The surveyor,
under pressure of the nature referred to,
completed his work satisfactorily.
President Schmidt informed the Munici
pal Council in session on the 6th inst. that
he had solicited the three treaty powers to
make a small contribution toward the
Samoan general revenue. The Samoan
Times, in alluding to this matter, sug
gests that the powers are not pawnshops,
nor are they expected to contribute toward
the Samoa Benevolent Association.
By this mail Chief Justice Ide will ap
point a commission to take evidence for
the plaintiffs, Weliman, Neylan and Hobbs
of San Francisco, in the matter of their
claim to the lands in Samoa of the late
Polynesian Company. This step has been
taken in order that the title to these lands
may be finally set at rest.
H. M. S. Goldfinch arrived here on the
10th inst. She takes Deputy Commis
sioner T. B. Cusack Smith for his annual
visit to the Tukulon group, after which
she will return here and remain until re
lieved—probably by H. M. S. Mildara.
The weather is magnificent and the east
erly monsoon a daily visitor.
Mrs. R. L. Stevenson, Mrs. Strong and
Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Osbourne returned to
Samoa from Honolulu by the last boat,
and are now occupying Vailima.
Three Children Murdered.
VICTOR. Mex., June 4.— Lou Hicks an
American, who with his family settled on
a farm near here a few weeks aeo. mur
dered three of his children while intoxi
cated yesterday. He is hiding in the
mountains. His wife is crazed with grief.
Hay Miki< a Fire.
The fire alarm from box 53 at 12:30 o'clock
this morning was caused by burning hay on
the Third-street wharf. Loss about $200.
Tne schooner Olympian, which was tied up
at the wharf, was in danger of catching fire,
but was towed out into the stream in time to
save her. John Morrow owned the hay.
NEW TO-DAT.
mi Me* 3
\ ; cf 1)
Alteration
Sale
Going to make a big change
in our — more room and
better arrangement positively
necessary. V
Going to change prices a bit,
too, at the same time. We'll
make it an epoch in our business
by taking 10 per cent off the
price of everything in the house.
Remember! Wholesale prices
to begin with, and 10 percent off !
Our urgent request, to return
any article not satisfactory, 13 an
absolute guarantee.
COLUMBIAN
WOOLEN
MILLS
541
MARKET
BRANCH
2i j MONTGOMERY ST.
Avoid firms imitating our name.
r'J Store Open for Business Saturday Evening, June 6. O?\\
X Store Open for Business Saturday Evening, June 6.
Ujr Concert by Emporium Orchestra at 8 P. M. ||
H We paint house for you inside and outside, calsomine or |j
-|| paper the walls, design the decorations, supply furniture, carpets, Jj
$ curtains, table and kitchen ware— -relieve you of all trouble. Four (S
I completely furnished rooms ware — you of of the store show ||
completely furnished rooms on Jessie-street side of the store show II
II you how we do it. |k
- SAN FRANCISCO, June sth. jo
I SPECIAL SALE OF DINING-ROOM FURNITURE FOR §
I TWO DAYS, BEGINNING FRIDAY, JUNE i
I • STH, AT 8 A.M. ■ I
<P sln, Al o A. IYI. &
I ||>flN||rHlll»^|| 1 Ml }
I 90c EACH. $1.70 EACH. I
(I Solid oak — cane seat — brace arm Polished oak — box-seat dining ||
g| dining chair — style as in picture. chair like picture — half real value. , |v
I 500 OTHER STYLES. J
f $5.70 EACH. g
These elegant Pillar Extension Tables — feet long— solid oak. Come |i
89 early to avoid disappointment. . w
% 80 OTHER PATTERNS. ,j
O *» I) v* EW ■ »«£ ■ "** i/gmti/' see*- X
«,""*" CENTUM iJ/" c m/ off/ Jh
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT. .
Q1 flfl J% if
dIiUU
DON'T THAT FENCE HURT
Your trade ?— ls a question we are asked every
day. and our answer is: Perhaps it does, but you
see we are offering such bargains, and giving such
Inducements to our customers that they are more
than pleased to walk around the obstruction, and
consequence our business is more than holding
its own. We recognize the fact that we must sell
cheap if we wish to do business and we are selling
Shoes and Oxfords cheaper than they were ever
offered before In this city. This week we are sell-
in? Ladies' Kusset Oxfords, with Pointed Toes and
Tips and Hand-turned Soles, tor l.OO. We have
them in C, D and E widths.
We have a solid wearing /-^*l f m \^^ !
line of Misses' Donsrola ?~r*a I. V J 1 1 J
Kid Button .Shoes, with \^r , fy--w»_
Patent Leather Tips and I "V*7
Spring Heels, which we I-5 / !
will sell tor 81.00 piT I < I I
pair. They fit well, wear M. -y 1
well, and are well worth JT^ d I
much more than we are jr "*T \ !
asking for them. We >C>s^ ■
carry them D and X wide. '3 |
jj?y Country orders solicited. ■
Us Send for New Illustrated Catalogue*
1 - Address -
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford -:- " Unsurpassed,
$40, $50, $60, $75.
Phoenix "Stands the Racket"
$100.
The guarantee of the Crawford ' same as that |
given with $100 wheels.
I
EDWIN MOH RIG, Agent,
t 1510 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
COSMOPOLITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., 4aa '
* ranclsco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, *1, *1 25 and 91 50 par
day, according to room. Meals -io. Kcouu, aOa ,
and 750 a day. Free coach to and from the nottl. ,
Look for the coach bean nz the name of the Co*. ;
laopoiuan Hotel. vat fiUEV, PtopcUtOk
NEW TO-DAT.
V Sri
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF. ..-; *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West, |
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths.
200 Bnites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park «nd the Hudson River*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
. ■ America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " 1/' to 66th st., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard ciars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel In 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, §3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
& Newport VT. JOHNSON QUD»N, MgT. .
WM. NOBL&, Tropr.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI.
OPEN UJiTIL MIDNIGHT.
§J & PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
QPECIALTY-DISKASES OF MEN. I Nfl.T!..
*— ' i"B all forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over -0 years' experience
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terini
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8-30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free ana
sacredly coiitldential. Call or address
I*. BOSCOK McM'ITY.JI.Dh
26# Kearny Street, San Iranclico, Cal.
v M^jta£^?* FIFTY-DOLLAR
BELTS
BPv^t^ii^— Sral 1* ' or .?'-'5: $40 BELTS
3^lr?'Ty^f)M^ -T for S2O, and J3O Belts
< V^ v Ai^ J^Hß-^ip t f^ for $15; also good belts for
I »*jjj* =S?Y?£i 'iwi ; $5. Latest patent and all
(• ■ -JCJi' - - improvements. US' Call
-iCfis ' or write for new pamphlet
•W No. 2. I) 111— DH.
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors. sun Franciaco.
NOTARY PUBLIC.,,
/-IHABLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT- -
\J law and Notary Public 638 Market St., oppo
•lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence ltj*J j
Jb'eUau Telephony •Km" 2591*
56
t: : CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
:'■..■ ■ Editor and Proprietor.
'SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free:
' lially bihl Sunday Cam., one by carrier. $0.15
Daily and Sundoy C.0.7.. one year, by mail 6.00
. .;' Daily »nd Sunday Cam., "si* months, by mall.. S.OO j
Daily and Sunday Cat.l., three months by mail 1.50
■ . -Dally and Sunday CAU, one mouth, by mail.. .65
' Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50 j
Vi kjiklv t'Ai.L,oue year, by ma 11..., •• 1.50 j
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
to, It is no trouble for ns to forward THE CAU- to i
your address. Do not let it miss you for you « ill ;
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at j
Business Office "will receive prompt attention.
HO EXTRA CHARGE
BUSINESS OFFICE:
"10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-186* j
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone M*ln-1574
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; optn until
.' 30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 l.srkiu street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
113 Mntb street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI «nd 32, 34 Park Row, New York City. !
DAVID M. FOI/TE, Special Agent- I
KRIDAY..'. -JUNE 5, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
.— — — — — ■ — — — —^—— — ■ —
Organize, Republicans! Get ready to
ratify.
Santa Cruz is beginning to loom up with
a rosy clow.
Catching murderers is in danger of be- !
coming a lost art.
There is a growing belief that Dunham
was a bicycle fiend.
If Cleveland wishes the Carlisle boom as j
a tail to his kite he can have it.
The spring festivals are over, but those of
the summer will be just as good.
What Cleveland wishes now is for some- i
body to put a fender on Congress.
.
The river and harbor bill was passed
overGrover's head* like a harrow over a
pumpkin. _
Blackburn has a little boom for publica- j
tion, but there is nothing to guarantee its i
good faith.
Carlisle may continue to call himself a j
son of Kentucky, but he is not a favorite I
son any more.
There must be economy in the offices
before we can expect much improvement
on the streets.
There is going to be enough harmony at |
St. Louis to fill the whole nation with a I
grand sweet song. .
Public improvements is a good watch
word provided the watch is made as con
spicuous as the word.
.
Harmony of Republican sentiment j
should show itself in unity of Republican ';
action from this time on.
If Blauther wrote that letter to throw
the detectives off his track it was amo ,
unnecessary piece of work.
The Republican State Committee has j
begun its work with an energy that will |
rouse the party everywhere.
Having knocked out the veto Congress
can now adjourn in a blaze of glory and ]
go home to a satisfied people.
St. Louis has asked no aid, and for that :
very reason, perhaps, the American people
generally are eager to aid her.
It looks as if Quay were ready to turn
his prediction bureau into a piece of Cabi- j
net furniture at a moment's notice.
When the Democratic convention meets
Chicago will see more sights than she
ever dreamed of, on the Midway Plaisance. !
If the Cleveland policy is to be an issue ;
in this campaign the gold men will have
to start a party of their own to keep it
alive. I
On the redhot Democrats of Kentucky
all references to Cleveland fell like cold
water and great was the hissing that fol
lowed. g ,'
Even if the St. Louis convention should '
be nothing more than a ratification meet* \
ing it would still be the biggest thing in
the country this year.
Perhaps the most literal exhibition on
record of cold charity is that afforded by
the New York Herald in soliciting sub
scriptions to a free ice fund.
It will not be overlooked that it was a
Republican victory in Oregon only where '
the Republican candidates stood for bi- j
metallism as well as protection.
Interest in the proposed festival move- i
ment is beginning to be directed not so i
much to the way it will go as to the men \
who are to have charge of the going.
The announcement that Ecuador has ;
finished her revolution will not be given
much credit until it is confirmed by a re
port that she has started in on a new
one.
Coxey believes that Cleveland will be re- !
nominated, but he does not make it clear
whether he thinks the thing will be done
by the Democrats from faith or from de
spair. -',-•-■-
Havine won the Derby the Prince of
Wales will be more than ever persuaded
that it is high time for the people to crown
him and give him a chance to "how his
style.
Under Harrison's administration the
public debt was reduced $310,000,000, and
under Cleveland it has been increased ;
$262,000,000. Naturally the people demand j
a change. _
There were just five Senators who sup- j
ported the President's veto. In other
words, of the spell of the veto there was j
just the V. The rest was lacking and the |
word didn't go. _
The appeal of Major McLaughlin to i
Republican county committees to give I
immediate and zealous attention to j
the work of preparing for the cam- I
paign should be cordially responded j
to. In fact, the party should be fairly
well organized in time to ratify the nomi- .
nations at St. Louis and proceed imine- 1
aiately afterward to the active work of
the canvass.
WALLACE'S ASSESSMENT.
There is now proceeding in our courts
before a Democratic Judge an action
brought by a Democratic politician charg
ing a Republican Assessor with perjury in
having sworn to an undervaluation in the
assessment of the Market-street Railway
Company, and in another court there is
a similar action against the same official
charging him with perjury for having
■worn to an undervaluation in the assess
ment of the Judge who presides in the
case first named.
This peculiar condition of affairs not
only invites comment but compels it.
Moil look to our courts as fountains of jus
tice and expect to see in the Judges who
preside ove- them examples of integrity
and honor. How can a Judge preside
with fairness or even with decency in the
trial of a man charged with a particular
offense when the Judge is himself before
an other court accused of being a party to
a similar offense? That is the position in
which Judge Wallace now stands before
the people of San Francisco, and very nat
urally those who have respect for courts,
for Judges and for law regard his attitude
with amazement.
Whatever may be the merits of the
charge against Assessor Siebe, it is Judge
Wallace who is on trial at the bar of pub
lic opinion. In a case of such importance
the people have a right to inquire rnto the
facts involved in the controversy and to
learn what is the truth of the charge that
the property of the Judge has been under
valued and misrepresented to the As
sessor.
Judge Wallace is known to be a man of
wealth. By general repute he is rated as
a millionaire. His property in various
parts of the City is assessed at about
$250,000. He lives on the corner of Van
Ness and Eddy, in a stately mansion, for
which he says be paid $">l\wo. A man of
his knowu habits and his wealth may
reasonably l>a assumed to ha%-e his home
furnished and adorned, in a manner com
mensurate with its size and with his
social position. Nevertheless, in his state
ment to the Assessor, Judge Wallace
rated the whole of his household goods at
$1800.
The items and the amounts of the re
turn given by the Judge are curious and
deserve notice. They stand in his state
ment to the Assessor thus: Furniture
$1400, 1 piano $100, U watches $100. jewelry
and plate $100, library $100. Total $1300.
It is a most suggestive coincidence that
the Judge should have exactly $lou worth
of wauhes, $100 worth of books in his
library, $100 worth of plate and jewelry,
»nd a piano tuned to such harmony with
the rest of the household that it also
strikes.exactly the ?100 vote.
We ran best estimate the nature of
Judge Wallace's statement and best com
prehend how characteristic it is of the
man by contrasting it with another tax
statement which is also characteristic of
the man who made it, The Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court of California, W. 11.
Beatty, hr-.s no inconib apart from his sal
ary, and lives in a modest house the quiet
life of a studious and unostentatious man.
In his tut statement, however, according
to the Post of last evening, he returns
nearly 250 per cent more of personal prop
erty than Judge Wallace. His inventory
declares its honesty in the very items
which are thus given: Furniture >
1 piano $250, 1 sewing machine $50, 1 watch
ewelry and plate $300, firearms $100,
library !f9(."b, wines $30, and solvent credits
$205. Total $4400.
The contrast presented by the two state
ments is impressive. It cannot fail to
deeply affect the public mind, for it is a
matter of grave public concern. There
may be some leniency in the popular judg
ment toward the av< rage ruau who seeks
to escape taxes by lying in regard to the
value of bis property, but of the Judges of
our courts we have v right to expect a
faithful keeping of the law. It falls upon
our Judges to determine equities involved
in the very question of assessment as in
this case, and if the Judges be false how
can the courts be fair?
Justice Ueatty's tax statement reflects
the character of the upright magistrate,
the faithful citizen and the honorable man
he is reputed to be. That of Judge Wal
lace, to say the least of it, suggests the
tax shirker, the trickster, the evader of
law and something close akin to the per
jurer. Certainly the subject having now
been opened should be thoroughly inves
tigated. The people have a right to de
mand that Assessor Siebe shall inquire
fully into tho truth of Judge Wallace's
statements. If such inquiry should re
sult in establishing the accusation of per
jury it would be a wholesome lesson nut
only to Judge Wallace, but to every lax
shirker ami demagogue, whether on the
bench or off it.
DUTY OF THE DELEGATION.
In the course of an interview with the
reporter of an evening contemporary yes
! terday Delegate Samuel M. Shortridge
i said two things which ought to be burned
j with a flaming iron Into the consciences of
| every one of bis colleagues in the St. Louis
I convention. Mr. Shortridge declared first
that in his opinion it waß the paramount
duty of the delegation of which he is a
member to subordinate every interest and
[ personal aspiration to harmony, and,
second, by so doing to secure from the Ite
| publican nominee for President the promise
1 of a place for California in the Cabinet. It
I is not necessary to recapitulate here the
reasons Mr. Shortridge gave for the desira
■ bility of accomplishing through the former
j process the latter result. They ought to
i be apparent to any reflecting man.
If the California delegation to the St.
, Louis convention shall, by maintaining
harmony in its ranks, secure for this State
a Cabinet office, it will achieve something
that ought to mark every man in it for
future political preferment. Compared
with any other thing which the politicians
promise us this year, that of having this
j State represented at the National council
i board sinks them all into insignificance.
I "We have no hesitation in saying that an
intelligent and honest Cabinet officer from
| California could, were he sutliciently in-
I dustrious to make the most of his oppor
tunities, accomplish more for the good of
the State iv ore term than our Congres
sional delegation of nine could accomplish
in twenty years.
No person who has not served a term
near the National council board has any
conception of the ignorance which pre
; vails there concerning the "far West."
! The idea the average Cabinet official en
| tertains of California is that it is a warm
j country around the Golden Gate where
j gold is found in the earth, where big
' pumpkins and squashes grow, and where
i the people, who go armed to the teeth and
j engage in daily shooting affrays, make a
! large quantity of dried fruit and a fair
{ quality of wine every year. That the State
I is entitled to anything more from the
Government than it can knock down and
I drag out by sheer muscular force never
I occurs to him.
A Californian sitting daily with the
President and his Ministers coula not
i only in time convince the Government
ithat we are no longer uncivilized but that
we are deserving of recognition whenever
our petition is filed. If the Californian
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE o, 1896.
vrho represented us there happened to be
a man of ability and strength of character
he could look out for the interests of our
•miners; he could see that we received our
share of the moneys devoted to public
improvement; he could take care of our
lands, which are just now, as usual, being
grabbed by greedy corporations, and in
The event of a bill like the Pacific railroad
funding bill being before Congress he
could give the President a faithful and
honest statement of the condition of our
minds with respect to it. In short, a Cali
fornian in that situation could do more
for the materio.l interests of our people
than all the tnfineiiOM we now employ in
their behalf combined.
Besides, a Cabinet minister once con
ferred on California, the precedent would
go on forever. The Pacific Coast now has
sixteen electoral votes. If a Cabinet officer
were once appointed to represent the vast
region in which those votes are given, no
political party or Presides would ever
care to refuse our demand for the continu
ance of the concession.
But the delegation to the St. Louis con
vention can do nothing without harmony.
All its predece39ors have foundered on the
rock of local bickering and dissension. If
the present delegation snail vote and work
as one man and shall return with the scalp
of a Cabinet minister dangling at its belt,
its members will deserve to De enrolled
among the immortals.
A WORD TO REPUBLICANS.
The chairman of the executive commit
tee of the Republican State Central Com
mittee, Frank McLaughiin. has issued a
circular letter to the officers and rank
and tile of the several organizations which
should he carefully read and every sug
gestion promptly acted upon. The letter
is rather more clear ana comprehensive
than the party is used to receiving, and
if the instructions are carefully observed
we go into the light with a perfectly
formed line of battle.
Chairman McLaughlin urges the kind of
woi king organization that shall stand in
close touch from tb.e little band of workers
in the most out of the way place on up to
the State Central Committee. By this
means not only is the central committee
aware all the time of what is being done
for and against the party, but no matter
where outbursts of enthusiasm orcur they
quickly permeate the whole line and
create that singleness of purpose which
makes the party aa a whole energetic and
determined.
The chairman's suggestion to ratify
and contirm the worK of State and local
conventions is a good one. for every public
expression of confidence in and satisfac
tion at the declared wish of the part}' in
convention strengthens the hands of the
managers of the campaign and correnpond
ingly discourages the opposition. His
recommendation for the organization of
local clubs should be acted 'upon at once,
for it is the local eilort that stimulates the
general organization, and, too, it is to the
local organization the party, as a whole,
looks to keep enthusiasm aglow and to get
out the entire vote.
The importance of thorough clu!>organi-
E&tlon is felt most when the club makes it
its business to see that every Republican
is registered, and also in noting accessions
to the party, and lukewarmness, if any
should appear. In fact the local club
should know from day to day about what
the voting strength of the party is, and
when this information reaches the chair
man of the executive committee from all
over the Stato from time to time, he knows
where there are weak spot-* to be strength
ened and strong spots to be made stronger.
P>iit Chairman McLauphlin's circular bet
ter covers all these uoints, and more too,
and if the rank and li!e will work upon
the lines so ciearlv blazed by the chair
man a most satisfying victory will be
secured.
SPAIN'S DEMAND.
If it is true that Spain is about to de
mand the extradition of persona who h:ive
been aiding Cuba in the way of sending
out or engaging in alleged filibustering
expeditions, the issue between the Wash
ington and the Madrid governments will
be joined to sorue purpose. It is said tuat
the Spanish Minister, Senor de Lome, has
ascertained from high legal authority that
it is just as easy to gobble up and carry
over to Cuba all persons who have en
gaged in so-called filibustering expedi
tions as it is to part-ike of a Spanish din
ner. Perhaps Mr. de Lome misunderstood
the high legal authority. Tht-re is a vast
difference between the right to demand
extradition and the right to extradite, and
we doubt not it was the former that his
attorney said his Government had the
right to do.
It is to be hoped, however, that a per
emptory demand wili be made for the
arrest and surrender to General Weyler of
every man in the United States who is
suspected of aiding and abetting the Cuban
insurgents, especially all alleged filibus
ters. A filibuster is a pirate, a buccaneer
and an all-round bad man; but no men
tion has yet been made of filibustering ex
peditions sailing away from any harbor in
the United State?. Still, if Spain thinks
she can secure the arrest of men who Lave
engaged in the work of delivering pur
chases of arms and munitions to their
customers in Cuba, why let her not wait a
minute.
In this connection it is well to suggest
that this country can afford to wait until
Consul-General Lee makes his repor*. If
he finds the Cubans in a position where
they are entitled to recognition as bellig
erents, which he is almost certain to do,
the President will act very promptly.
Meanwhile let there be no objections tiled
against Spain making demands for every
body and everything she may take a fancy
to, but let us carefully mark the difference
between the right to demand extradition
and the right to extradite. Verily Spain is
drifting into deep water very fast, but it is
to be hoped that she will not demand that
the United States send soldiers to Cuba to
put down the rebellion.
THE SITUATION IN KENTUCKY.
By a vote of 6!)1 to 'JOG the Kentucky State
Democratic Convention condemned Cleve
land and Carlisle and their alleged Demo
cratic policy. Had the vote been some
where near a tie there would be some hope
for the administration, for it sometimes
occurs that new developments oblige a re
consideration, but in this case the senti
ment of the party is so overwhelming in
its opposition that no place on the admin
istration is left for whitewash. And the
worst of it is that Mr. Carlisle, hitherto the
idoi of the Kentucky Democracy, is black
ened, condemned and kicked out of the
party.
It will be observed that the convention
made no attack upon Citizen Carlisle.
Doubtless there was no disposition to do
that in any event, for it is conceded by
members of all parties that personally Mr.
Carlisle's integrity is unassailable. It fol
lows then that the convention rebuked
Cleveland and his entire following
for selling out the party to the
money power, as represented by Banker
Morgan of New York and Banker Roth
schild of London, Paris, Berlin and Vi
enna. Moreover, the convention went
about it in the most deliberate and deter
mined manner, as a surgeon would go
about amputating a leg. No doubt it was
an unpleasant job, but it had to be done,
and it was done most effectually.
What the effect of it all will be on Ken
tucky politics is not so difficult to forecast.
The feeling that Carlisle's friends now en
tertain toward the Blackburn following is
so bitter that they would very much pre
fer that the State should return Republi
can electors next November than that
Biackburn should triumph, and no doubt
they will throw their influence and ener
gies in that direction. And, again, the
Whig element in Kentucky, which is large
and influential, has never taken kindly to
the Democratic free-trade theories, al
though in recent years it has arliliated
with that party because of social relations.
Now, however, that the Democratic party
is split without disturbing social ties, it
would be no surprise if Kentucky were
shitted permanently to the Republican
column.
PERSONAL.
11. J. Wjlie of Washington, D. C, is in town.
Thomas M. Staley of Honolulu is at the Occi
dental.
Thomas Finnigan oi Honolulu is at the Coi
mopolitan.
H. W. Orr, a business man of Montague. Is
at the Grand.
Mrs. T. Hender and child of Sonora are at
the Cosmopolitan.
S. Koeni)?sberg, a business man of St Peters
burg, Russia, is here.
W. R. Mulligan, a wealthy resident of To
ronto, is at the Palace.
Rev. C. M. Brown of Sioux City was among
yesterday's arrivals here.
J. P. Sargents, the wealthy land-owner of
Monterey, is ou a visit here.
R. H. Powers of Nagasaki, Japan, was emong
the arrivals here yesterday.
John W. Mitchell, the well-known Republi
can of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
C. \V. Tryon, a general merchandise dealer
of Angels, is here on a business trip.
J. F. Van Name, a prominent citizen of Port
lpnd, Or., is at the Cosmopolitan with his
family.
Thomas \V. Wells, Treasurer of Tuolumne
County, is a guest of Major Fahey of the Cos
mopolitan.
John T. Gaffey of Los Angeles, formerly a
member of the State Board of Equalization, is
among the recent arrivals here.
L>r. Eugle Reimers, superintending physi
cian of the city hospitals of Hamburg, Ger
many, is among the recent arrivals here.
R. L. Porter of .Salinas, who for several weeks
past has been visiting Vera Cruz and other
cities oi Mexico, returned here yesterday.
S. 11. Babcockof Salt LaKe, I tan, traflic man
ager of the Rio Grande Western Kailroad Com
pany, has arrived here, and is at the Paluce.
Charles P. Thoro of Portland, formerly man
aeer of the Lick Paper Mills, Sau Jose, and
afterward of tjio big paper-mills at Oregon City,
is in town.
Dr. 11. M. Smith of the United States Fish
Commission, Washington, 1). C, who arrived
here over two weeks ago, and has since been
on a visit to Monterey and other parts of the
coast, returned here yesterday. He is here to
investigate the fi«li and lobster interests.
Antoine Borel, the banker, Mrs. Borel and
their four daughters, left lust night for the
Kast and .Europe, accompanied by Mr. and
Mrs. G. Monnier of this City and the Misses
Smith and Portal of s^an Jose. They will suil
on the steamer Nomitiiinia of the IFambur^-
American line, go to Cherbourg and theuee
proceed through different purls of Europe.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. N. V., June 4.— At the Morton-
A. K. Hylund; Astor— ll. <\ Miiton, W. B.
Webster; Imperial— A. D. Cutler; Holland— A.
H. Kitherford, T. L. Cunningham, 11. T. Scott;
Westminster — Mrs. Black. Belled imt suhiu
sliip Columbia for Plymouth, Cherbourg and
Hamburg- -Rev. anu Mrs. Charles Hlrsch and
maid. Miss Adele Hirsch, Master Arthur
llirseh, Key. Loyal H. Wirt. Paul Baer of Los
Angeles arrived on the steamship Ems from
Italy.
LADIES' ROUND WAIST, WITH
SHORT PUFFED SLEEVE HAV
ING RUFFLE
And a Fitted Lowkr sleeve Which May Be
Omitted.
A charmingly simple bodice, gathered at the
Deck and waist in front, and seamless in back,
with a few gathers at the waist line, over a
fitted lining, is shown here. The sleeve has a
titted lining, which in some models seen ex>
terms below the ruflle t<> the waist, and is
often made of a contrasting material to form
the fitted lower sleeve. Silk, woolen and cot
ton labrios are ramie up niter this design. A
waist of Persian silk to be worn with separate
skirts was trimmed with bands of embroi
dered batiste in flax color. Another popular
mode 01 trimming is of strips of batiste, or
other embroidered bands, or ribbon overlaid
with lace, or of spangled net, set over the
shoulders, and reaching to belt both bHck and
front. Many of the waists are left perfectly
plain, and may then be varied indefinitely by
accessories of net, ribbon, lace, etc. : Fichus of
Chiffon and net are especially liked, being new.
POLITICAL "DON'TS"
Dixon Weekly Pun.
A "Don't" book for the political campaign is
inordar. "Don't" think your party Ims a "cor
ner" on political virtue. "Don't' fail to state
fairly the position of your political opponents.
"Don't" discuss politics with an angry friend,
nor when aiiKry yourself, with a good-natured
frieiid. Above aIL "don't" think the country
will go to ruin unless every political wish of
yours be realized.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"What do you admire most about Snoobe's
literary work""
1 'The compensation he manages to get for it,"
replied the person who is chronically envious.
Chicago Times-Herald.
"I know n blind man who can play poker."
"You don't happen to know a dumb woman
who can play whist, <io you?"— Chicago Record.
"So you went out driving with your new
beau, Busie, and 1 expect he read your heart
like a book? 1 '
"Yes, mother; he read between the lines."
Detroit free Press.
"There's one thing," he said, Jeeringly.
"men never get together and talk about one
another the way women do." -.
"No," she answered, "I don't think they Co.
There is nothing interesting to say about
them."— Washington Star.
"Oh, don't get blue, Hicks. Life is full of
tips and downs. I've heard you say so many a
time yourself."
"That's true enough, but mine are all hard
ups and cast downs," sighed Hicks.— Harper's
Bazar.
Googooly — Try one of these cigarettes. I
think they're better ihan yours?
Boohooly— You do! In what way?
Googooly— They kill slower.— Roxbury Ga
zette.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Ex-Assemblyman W. E. Schricker of Skagit,
Wash, is at the Occidental. Mr. Schricker is
president and principal owner also in the
Skagit County Bank. The district in which
he is located is one of the richest in the new
State. It has enormous iron, lumber and
other resources.
Mr. Schricker located there during the latter
part of the eighties. He has become inter
ested in a number of industries there. He is a
large owner of timber lands and loegiug out
tits. He has given up statesmanship alto
gether, he says, and is devoting his entire time
to business. Mr. Schricker was a member of
the Legislature which nominated W. C. Squire
for United States Senator.
Though not exactly a Legislature of a thou
sand scandais, as one of California's has been
called, it certainly was constructed on pretty
W. K. Schricker, the Banker and ex-Assemblyman, of Skagit, Wash., Who Has
Eschewed Politics.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
swiit lines and was able to keep up its lick
with most legislatures. Mr. Schricker grew
tired of it, and though nominated again would
not take it. He vows that he has had enough
of politics for all time, lie Is in California for
pk'H^ure solely.
The gentleman Is a lawyer by profession.
His home was formerly at Davenport, lowa,
am! it was i;t lowa City and at the Columbia
University that lie received his legal educa
tion. He Inquired yesterday about Colonel
Irish, for he used to know him well iv the old
<lays.
"We are getting in r. good deal better condi
fion in Washington now," said Mr. Sehricker
yesterday. "J think the hard times are prac
tically over. It has been a pretty close experi
ence for many men and during the past live
years many of ihem have been bankrupted
totally, others own property, but have found
it tough work to pay their taxes. A good
many were not able to Jo it.
"But we feel that things are different now.
There is a better outlook for lumber. Oiher
thiags are in better shape and the skies are
brightening. I think from this on we will be
making a steady, though for a time a some
what slow progress in the right direction. 1
have no :ear* whatever as to the future."
Mr. Schricker will be in the City for a week
or more, lie has met a great many former
friends and acquaintances since his arrival.
HIS SWEETHEART.
My sweetheart — she just loves me through every
shilling day:
Pile's a ro.i*- to me in winter an' the sweetest rose
.11 May :
1 never mind the seasons; they're always fair to
see;
A rainbow's in the heavens, for my sweetheart
shtt love* me!
My sweetheart— still she loves me; no matter where
I roam,
1 see her eyes, like bright blue skies, that woo an'
win me home;
And never where my footsteps stray— wherever I
may be,
Will biiv steles seem dark, for still my sweetheart
— she loves me !
My sweetheart— she just loves me! I gee in her
bright eyes
All that I have heard of heaven, and it's nearer
than the skies!
The seasons ciiun<e, but what to me is fruit of
Bower or tree
When w« go through Ilia together and my sweet
heari—aljw loves me !
— Atlanta Constitution.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
It is now a month since McKinley's voice
mysteriously disappeared, and the goldbugs
are getting tired of being excited over it. —
Wichita Eagle.
The nomination of MeKimey will prove a
balm to tin: wounds of the St. Louis cyclone
sufferers. It will mean work for the idle,
homes for the homeless.— St. Louis Star.
It is thought that the supply of Vice-Presi
dential-lightning-rods in New York State alone
will exceed the possioie supply of Vice-Presi
dential lightning.— Philadelphia Record.
Reed as a candidate for Vlce-I'resideut would
be a square peg In a round hole, but the people
would appreciate the peg for what it is worth
and not mind the hole.— Kansas City Star.
A Pittsburg paper says the broom-corn crop
is looking feeble thiß year. That need not
cause any alarm, however, as McKinley's clean
sweep will iix things all right.— Cleveland
Leader.
Speaker Reed should not overlook the fact
that there is a fine chance for him to annoy
the Democrats by accepting the nomination
for the Vice-Presidency. — St. Louis Globe-
Democrat.
The Democratic purty is in the condition^
the traveler who was told by an old farmer
that there were two ronds leading to the next
town, and that if lie took one of them he would
be sorry he didn't take the other.— St. Joseph
(Mo.) Herald.
Present prospects indicate that there will be
more Democratic parties in the field this year
than ever before. The only danger is that the
field will be so overcrowded that some of the
smaller ones may be shoved over into the Pop
ulist swamp.— New York Mail and Express.
A Democratic exchange remarks: "MeKin
lcy can stand upon any platform Republicans
will make." Certainly. McKinley is a Repub
lican, and he knows well that the platform
will be soundly Republican and will express
the opinion of the majority of the delegates
who directly represent the people.— Chicago
Inter Ocean.
"McKinley and Reed" is the way many
papers persist it shall be, and every time Mr.
Reed makes sour faces. Is the great czar to be
a tail to another man's kite? Horrors — how
are the mighty fallen 1 But Thomas should
remember that he can afford to do whatever
the Republican party asks him" to do.— Des
Moines Leader.
It is useless to scheme any more to induce
Governor McKinley to come out on the money
question. He doesn't have to and he is not
going to. He has survived the demise of the
tariff question and is still gaining in popular
ity. He has settled the minds of those who
always wait to see which man is going to win.—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
It Mr. Reed should be chosen by the St. Louis
convention duty should have an equal part
with inclination in framing his response. By
rising above the pettifogging jealousies and
resentment of his fool friends and consenting
to transfer his signal ability as pre
sidine officer from the lower to the
upper house of Congress he would be
come a considerably larger figure in the eyes
of the Nation than he is to-day and administer
a rebuke where it is sadly needed. No man is
too big or too ambitious for the Vice-Presi
dency of the United .Stateß.— New York Mail
and Express.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The new Shah, who is 43 years of age, is pop
ular. He is the second son of the late Shah.
His elder brother was disinherited some years
ago.
finis Ropvps first sang in public In the village
choir at North Cray, Kent, England. The
clever actor, \V. S. Penley, was formerly a choir
boy at the Savoy Chapel.
Probably the owner oi the largest number of
dogs in the world is Gustav Jovanovitc'b, a
"Russian cattle king," who has 35,000 shep
herd dogs to look after 1. , r >oo,ooo sheep.
The Sultan of Morocco keeps a large number
of live lions about his premises, and in the
evening these animals ate let loose in the
courtyards of the palace to act as guards to the
royal harem.
There are thirty palaces belonging to the im
perial family in various parts of Japan, but the
present Emperor has never occupied more than
three or four of them, and some of them he has
never seen.
M. de Selves, a nephew of if. de Freyctnet,
and for thirteen years Postmaster-General of
France, has been mimed Prefect of the Seine.
His predecessor, M. Poubelle, is to go shortly
to Kome as Embasaador to the Pope.
King Humbert of Italy is, after the German
Emperor, the most erratic of European mon
archs, and up to the last moment the move
ments of Italian royalty are uncertain. The
King hates public functions of every kind.
The widowed Countesse de Paris shares with
her son, the King of Portugal, a passion for
bull-fighting, and besides keenly enjoying or
ganizing these entertainments she herself,
armed with a lance, has been known to take
the part of a picador.
One of the wealthiest heiresses in England is
the Hon. Ella Williamson, the eldest daughter
of Lord Ashton. Lord Ash ton has no sons and
only one other daughter. .Miss Williamson will
one day inherit about $350,000 a year and a
fine pla-e in Lancashire.
The diamonds in one symbol of the lfite
Shah's rank are said to weigh nearly twenty
pounds. There is also a jeweled saber, valuo't
at $1,000,000. Another thing that the Shah
prized was a silver va-e ornamented with 100
emecalds, whose equal, it is said, is not to be
found in the world.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The California Market— McG., City. The
California Market in this City was opened on
the Ist of August, 1807.
Wie Geht's— E. (i. 8., Livermore. Cal. "Wie
geht's" is a contraction of the German phrase
'Wie geht es Ihnen?" which means "How are
you?"
Copa de Oko— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal. Copa
de oro is Spanish for sold cup or goblet. Copa
de liorno is also Spanish, and means the roof
or vault of an oven or furnace.
The Bridge Disaster— P. G., City. The dis
aster at Webster-street bridge, Oakland, by
which Mrs. Bryan O'Connor and twelve others
lost their lives, occurred on the 30th of May,
Bur Clover— E. G. S., Livermore, Ca!, Bur
clover is sometimes called heart clover. Its
botanical nftme is Medleago maenlata. It is
the spotted medic, and has a peculiar suirallv
coiled prickly pod.
Demotion— E. Q. S., Livermore, Cal. There
is no such word in the English language as
"demotion" aa the antonym of promotion
The antonyms of promotion are retrogression
decrease, degeneracy and degradation
One of 1814-E. g, C, Oakland, Cal. From
a numismatist's point of vie>v, half-dollar*
Unitedptates coinage of 1814, are so plentiful
that mere is no premium on them. Dealers
offer to sell them for 85 cents.
Brady and the TRAMP-Fourth street, City.
Brady was the only one of the train robbers
captured. The tramp who found the money
stolen by Brady ana nis companion wa» sen
tenced to the Folsoia penitentiary for thiee
yeers. J
Indians— Fourth street, City. North Amrri
can Indians are at this time located In Arlaona.
California, Idaho, Indian Territory, low*. Kiiu
saa, Michigan, Minnesota, Montaun. NHirnskn.
Nevada, New Mexico, New York, North Caro
lina. North Dakota, South Dakota, I'tuh, Well
ington, Wisconsin and Wyoming.
Greatek New York— C. H. I>., City, ciov
ernor Morton signed tho bill for tircnior Now
York. The territory of GrciUor New York an
outlined in the bill embraced th« city of New
\ork, Long Island City, luu couuiy vt King*,
the county of Richmond, the towns of West-:
Chester, Flushing, Newton and Jamaica, ana
parts of East Chester and Phelan, and part of
Hempstead.
Yahoo— E. G. Livermore, Cal. The word
•yahoo" is applied to a person of coarse or de
graded habits. It is derived from the use of
the word by Jonathan Swift in Gulliver s trav
els (a voyage to Houuyhnnnms) to a feigned
race of brutes having the form of man aud all
his degrading passions.
The New Would- J. T. >■, N«P». C«l. The
steamer New World, that camearound the Horn
in the early titties and was used as a passenger
boat between this City and SacrHinento for
many years, wns at one time ft Hudson Kiver
boat, having b -en originally built for the New
York and Albany line.
Wakts and Moi.es-11. M., City. Nitrate of
mercury may be very good to remove warts,
but whether it would avail in the removal of
moles this department cannot say. A person
troubled with such disfiguring marks should
not attempt to remove them without consult
ing some competent physician, for, in attempt
ing to remove such, a person who knows noth
ing about the matter may produce a disiigure
ment more annoying than a mole.
Money ox Deposit— G. R-, City. If a person
enters the store of hu acquaintance and gives
him a sum of money wnh a request to put it
in the safe overnight, and during the rleht
the safe is forced by burglars who carry off
that and oilier money, the depositor would be
the loser unless the party receiving it was en
gaged in the business of receiving deposits and
charging for the keeping. One who places
money in another's sate takes chances unless
the purty receiving it agrees on receiving it to
be responsible.
It Beats the Dutch— E. G. S., Livermore,
Cal. "It beats the Dutch" is an Americanism
often \ised in New York and in the New Eng
land States to signify anything astonishing.
The enrliest mention of it is probably that
found in a revolutionary song written during
the siege of .Boston, 1775:
And tender all the mortars, bombs, cannon and
Khell.
And bullets and guns, as the newspaper tells.
Our caruoes of meat, drink and cloths beat the
lunch:
Jsot who would tarry and take t'other touch?
White Czar— A. C. U., City. White Czar or
White King is a term applied to the Czar of
Russia. The Emperors of Russia are so called
from the white robes these were accustomed
to wear. Sigismund in his work on Russia
says: "There are some who call the ruler of
Muscovy the 'White King.' However I will
diligently seek the reason why he was called
the White King, as no man prior to Basilius
Ivanwlch had used this title of the rulers of
Muscovy. I believe, too, now they call Persa
'Kissilpassa' (i. c. red-head) on account of his
red head-covering, so the Kings of Muscovy
are called 'White Kings' on account of their
white head-covering.
Company L, Second Massac-hi-setts— Bay
State, City. Company L, Second Massachu
setts Cavalry, that took part in the War of the
Rebellion was organized in San Francisco.Cal. ,
the enrollment occupying from January 26
to March 21, 1863. On the last named day it
was mustered in with Z. B. Adams as captain.
The company was mustered out July 20, 1805,
at Fairfax Courthouse, Va. The following is a
list of some of the battles aud engagements
in which the company took part, and this
shows where it was stationed during the \»ar:
Petersburg, Va. : Dranesville, Va. ; Winchester,
Torresbock, Cloud's Mill. Opequau, in the She
nandoah Valley, Aldie, Va. ; battle with Early'S'
army ai Fort Reno. Washington, D. C. ; Rector
town, Berry viile, Vienna, Va. ; Little Iliver Pike,
Wayne.-boro, Rockville, Md. ; Five Forks. Cedar
Creek, Pleasure Valley, Md., against Mosby's
Guerrillas near Langley, Va., audLuray Court
house.
California glace frnits, 50s lb. Townsend's."
Special Information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 010 Montgomery. '
The N. P. C. R. R., via Sausalito ferry, will
put on additional campers' and excursion
trains June 15, between San Francisco and
I'oint Reyes, arriving In Sail Francisco at 8:45
a.m. and" leaving at 5:13 P. M., which runs
through » country unsurpassed for camping or
a day's outing. *
Bargains for Everybody.
To make more rocm for our wholesale notion
department, on second floor, we are closing out
several hundred ready-framed pictures at ex
actly half price. This week we have put about
5tK) parlor easels and screens into this sale, on
same basis, of one-linlf the r'.'K'ilar price. San
born, Vail i Co., 741 Market street. •
Prince Bismarck is to have another statue.
This time it is at Leipsic. The city has com
missioned Sculptor Lehnert to execute it and
the municipality has selected a site near the
park. ___^____________
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via ! 11 i on Pacific.
rwiv 31/, DAYS TO CHICAGO— 3%
OM.Y 41/ - D AYM TO NEW YORK— 4I4
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Luke City, (,'gden nnd Chicago.
I'pholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, Han Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily Without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions 10 Paul
and ( hieago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-rar reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street, steamship
tickets 011 sale to and from all parts of Europe.
I). \V. If I TCU COCK. General Agent.
Yellowstone Park Kxvurition.
■\S'atrh this ad for full particulars regarding our
great excursion to the Yellowstone. Party leaves
here the 12th of July. Weekly excursions in up
holsterer! tourist cars No change. Lowest rates
to alt points Kast. T. K. statoler, agent Northern
Pacific Huilroad, 638 Market street, San Francisco.
"Mrs. AVinslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has heon used over 50 years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect suc;
cess. It soothes the Child, soitens the gums, allari
Pain, earn Wind Colir>, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
iiiia teetuins? or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and a-x
lor Mrs. Winslow's Soo'hini; Syrup. "Jso a boitla.
Corota no.— Atmosphere is perfectly rtry, son
«nd mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further nor.li. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board as the Uoialdjl
Coronado, $60; longer ay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 .New Montgomery st., San Francisco.
"That wag a curious case of Kadger'o. He
married the oldest daugnter of the Bingler
family, outlived her, married the next oldest,
outlived her also and then married the
youngest."
"Why didn't he begin with the youngest and
marry the eldest last?"
"Well, I suppose he naturally followed rhe
line of the least resistance." — Chicago Tribune.
NEW TO-DAY.
JL uillflfl fare
AT
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Cups,- Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7340
each.
Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
25c each.
Crystal Glass P>err\ Set . per set, 25c, 35c,
50c.
Table Tumblers, per -<•:. 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set, complete, 60 pieces,
$4 (55 and $5 26.
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Genuine Carlsbad China, exquisitely decora-
ted, Dinner Set, 100 pieces, $10 00,
The kind and quality others charge $i 5.
AT
Great American Imp orting: Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1J44 Market St. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 218 Ihird st.
140 Sixth st. aooB Fillmore st.
017 krarny st . 065 Market st.
1419 Polk at.: ' 3006 Sixteenth st.
521 Montgomery aye. 104 second st.
JJJ Hayes st 3350 Mission st. .
91 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
105.1 Washington st. 616 B." Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
, 135S Park st., AlameUa. . vFRIDAY JUNE 5, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
I *■ twin Thkatkh.-- Taming of the Shrew."
■ i.imbia 1 HKATKR-'The Two Escutcheons.'
vn.kosco'b OrERA-HoTTHK— The Soudan. '
I'ivoli Opfka-Hoi-sk.- Olivet La'
b i-u eux— Hfirti-Clasa Vaudeville.
I he KMpoßn-M.-Concert to-morrow night by
? Kmporluai Urcutstra.
m iku luxiv Island— Bathing and Ferform-
j-hootthk Chutes- Dally at Haight «reet, one
i < . lv east ot the Park.
Pacjkic coast Jockkv Ct,rjß.-Races to-day.
PICMCS AND EXCI'RSIONS.
BBION— To Sonoma Valley, sun. lay, June 7
s and I>ics [c-To Sunset Park, Santa
truz mountains, satur uy. June 6.
AUCTION :^ ALhS.
By Gro. F. LAMSON-This day (Friday). Furni-
ture, at 1434 California street, at 11 o'clock.
Hy l. Vinckxt— This day (Friday), Saloon, at
<■ d Huston street, at 2 o'clock.
Uy 8. )'.asch-TlhB day (Friday), Saloon, at
228 has; street, ai 11 o'clock.
By Chas. Levy & C 0.-This day (Fxldav),
i-urniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o clock.
B|S Krank \V. Bcttfrfield — This day
(iniayj, Furniture, at 1614 Geary street, at 11
ocijtck.
I v G. H. I'MBtKS <£ Co.— Monday, June 8,
■v salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
si. 12 o'clock noi'ti.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Merchants' Association yesterday elected
its executive officers for the ensuing year.
V riy-eight more firms have joined the Mer
chßins' Association, bringing the membership
up to 452,
■cloudy in the morning, followed by
K.lier, with brisk winds, is the forecast
for to-day.
ra W, H. Dimond left tbe City last
evening for Europe. He expects to be away
tlis.
A local druggist asserts that many cyclists
econiing kwla "fiends" through persistent
;he .rug.
rintendent Reddy of the Almshouse is
0 hold office illegally, and suit has been
- it to oust him.
Kire rommissioners met yesterday, nc
-1 a number of resignations and made
J appointments.
There will be two queens for the carnival of
c—onee — one for California and the
other for San Francisco.
Mrs. Schr.Ser complained at the Mayor's
office yesterday that her sisters were treating
thtir blind mother cruelly.
A policeman held up four housepainters and
discovered ho did not rind the robbers who
took M. Ravaret's property.
John R. Noyes and Kate Agnes Berry, sol
diers in thi.' Gospel Army, were married last
evening at 27} 2 Third street.
The typographical, pressmen and book
binders' unions o! this City have formed an
allied printing trades council.
The Valley road expects to begiD the hand
ling of wheat from Merced and points north
about the middle of this month.
The winning horses at In gleside yesterday
-■ana IVr.ia, Ktd Glen, Trappean, Yankee
Doodle, Marjorie and Duke Stevens.
Jack Davis, the champion o f the Northwest,
hab been offered a purse of $1250 to tight
"Sailor" 'Sharkey at the Pavilion July 3.
John Lavin has applied for letters of admin
istration on the estate oi his brother, Thomas
Lavin. Tbe property is valued at $15,000.
The Supreme Court yesterday decided that
Dr. Cogswell has no right to revoke the deed
lit- made '.o the Cogswell Polytechnic School.
Mrs. Eliza M. Miller has been appointed spe
cial administratrix of the estate of her
brother, Alexander P. More, with bonds of
$200,000.
The Chinese Merchants' Club was incorpor
:ifiy, with Wong Dong, Wong Lun
'■'• i Jam Hoiig, Ching Foo aud Ching Ling
as charter members.
Relatives of William H. Carter yesterday
sued the Market-street Railway Company for
$'25,000 damaves. Cai ter was killed by a Mis
sion-street eiectric car.
Clubs favorable to the adoption of the pro
barter are to be organized by the
Federation in every Assembly District in
the City in the near future.
The Supreme Court yesterday reversed the
entof the lower court, which awarded
Willis T. Warner $5000 damages agaiuot the
Southern Pacific Company.
A 1 the request of relatives J. H. Morton has
■aed lor letters o: administration on the
estate oi E-:her Prater, who died May 20.
• iperty is valued at $1000.
The decoration committee of the Fourth of
J\:'.y contemplates illuminating the leading
of the City on the night oi the Fourtu,
the nignt before and the night after.
Mn. E!:za Fields, daughter of Sarah Leather
land, applied yesterday for letters of adminis
trat.on on the "estate of her mother. The prop
~is of real estate valued at $1500.
ryison Taylor and Dimond visited the
r;son yesterday to inspect the cell occu
ji- d by women prisoners, and they will recom
mend the cons'.ruction ot a new large wooden
cell.
The San Francisco bankers are at a loss to
know why Governor Budd wishes statements
from them on March 2. The matter will be
:^red by the fean Francisco Clearing
house Association next week.
The i Blifornin Fruit and Preserve Company
wii.i incorporated yesterday by Frank T. Gavin,
H. H. Davis, John C. >*<>bman. Frank V. Bell
' M. Davit-. The capital stock is $100,
-000, oi which $250 has been paid in.
It i« proposed by the Market-street Rai.way
Company to build a belt road irom the Jerries
• ocean, over a twenty-mile circuit, in
cluding a two-mile streich along the ocean
beach from the purk to the Ocean House.
Tcl'.-grai>h advices from Washington and a
tigation showed that there was no
foundation in the report brought by passen
ilu tliut a naval clash wasim
( in Hawaiian waters over the Ashford
A prize nttit between two local sloggers in a
vacant house on Ninth avenue whs inter
rupted by i he po.ice yesterday afternoon and
Tom Driscoil, one of the principals, had nis
left arm cut by coming in contact with a glass
dour.
Mrs. C. Moore of San Mateo County, through
wi.rry over Manager Vining's transfer regula
tions, fell at Tnnd and Maricet streets lust
evening and both bones of her right leg wero
broken.
Again in the Lead.
The new wine list just issued by the
Cafe Zinkand is the finest in the country.
It consists of twenty pages, handsomely
ilium inaied, and contains a list of every
noted European and California wine, as
well as a. miscellaneous variety oi Dever
ages. The enterprise displayed by the
Ca.e in the issue ot the liatueserves special
commendation.
Joseph VTaa a Defaulter.
A. H. Joseph, who committed suicide
Wednesday afternoon in his room, 419 Union
street, by shooting himself through the head,
was a defaulter. Joseph was the financial re
porter lor Occidental Lodge, Knights of Honor.
An investigation showed that he collected
about $130 and appropriated nearly $45 io his
own use. Thia .shortage is supposed. to have
been one of the causes of his suicide.
-NEW TO-DAY.
-SyPa \ 'PRATFFIII li
I comforting!.
I For Tired, Aching, Irritated Feet is a ■
i warm bath with kg
I CUTICURA SOAP I
H and a gentle anointing with CUTI. J^^
ML CURA (ointment), the great skin cure. &«£
[R Tfiis treatment allays ltcliinj: and irrl- M&3-
-9m tation, soother inflammation andfcaKg
SS* Painful gwelllnjrs of the JoinU, soft- g^^
DM ens hard. roojebened skin, and purl- Mfi
&r'& Sold throughout the world. Pottik b3fkm
■JZ&ixSL Dbio * Cbek. Coßr., Fropf., BotUm.fgflmM
DYNAMITE WAS
IN HER CARGO,
The American Bark Mc-
Near Caused Owners
Great Anxiety.
SHE WAS LONG OVERDUE
Captain Pederson Was Nearly-
Lost a Year Ago in the
Lady Lampson.
MOOKINGS FOR M2K-OF-WAR.
Lieutenant Phelps Tbmks the Harbor
Commissioners Shou d Pro
vide Them.
The American bark McNear has been
causing her owners and charterers no end
of anxiety. She was loaded her ■ w:th a
general cargo and among it were many
cases of dynamite. Captain Pederson took
command and when he was leaving the
wharf he was heard to remark: "If I get
well through tliis voyage I'll never coru
plain again."' This was over three months
ago and the vessel was never heard from.
.In consequence the general impression
was that she had either blown up or gone
down in a gale.
When the Alameda arrived the first in
quiry was about the McNear. No one
knew anything about her and she was
given up as lost. A few hours later J. J.
Moore &. Co. received a dispatch from Syd
ney, N. S. W., savin.: the vessel nad ar
rived ail right and asking what kind of
coal was to be loaded into her. At the
present time the Newcastle (N. S. W.)
miners are on strike and it is hard work to
get a load for a ship. The McNear will
load union coal at the southern mines and
may be expected nere in September next.
Captain Pederson, who is in command
of the McNear, is accompanied by his wife,
and both of them have had several narrow
e-capes. Before taking the bark the cap
tain was master of the sugar-boat Lady
Lampson. When that vessel was cast
away he and his wife were adrift for a
week in an open boat and it took them
months to recover from the exposure.
The McNear was Captain Pederson's next
command. He is one of the pricipal own
er* in tbe vessel.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation i
Company's Columbia "mp.dt: the run to
Portland in forty- nine hours and the re- ■
turn trip in forty-rive hours. She has j
been thoroughly overhauled and new ma- j
chinery put in and the showing is a good j
one. It does not compare with the Queen
and City of Puebla, however, as botn yes- i
sels have run from Victoria, B. C, to j
San Francisco in forty-eight hours and
better.
The followine notice to mariners has ;
been issued by the Light-bouse Board:
Notice is hereby given that a first-class can
buoy, to whicn is attacked a bell buoy, painted
red and black horizontal stripes, has been
placed in 185-a fathoms mean low water, to
mark Mile Kocks, entrance to San Francisco
Bay, California.
The following are the bearings (magnetic):
Fort Point lighthouse. NE. Jg N. ; Bouita Point
lighthouse, NW.; Mil.; Rock. NE. by E. Ji E.,
distant one-eighth mile.
Tne schooner Norma, long overdue at
Honolulu, arrived safely on May 22. Sne
v?as delayed by contrary winds. The Jes
sie Ost'ourne and Sea King also arrived at
Honolulu and rejoiced the Li^arts of specu
lators. All three vessels were heavily re
insured, so that the underwriters will
suffer.
John Ryan, a shipwright, had a narrow
escape yesterday. He was at work on the
barkentine John C. Potter, and was over
the siue calking the seams. Suddenly
the staging gave way and Ryan and his
outfit went into the bay. -His tools sank
to the bottom, his oakum floated away and
he was nearly drowned. Later he recov
ered, and in the afternoon was hard at
work again apparently none the worse for
his ducking.'
The letting of Pacific-street wharf to
John D. SprecKels & Bros. Company was
not consummated yesterday at the regu
lar meeting of the Harbor Commissioners.
President Colnon and Commissioner Cole
do not want the tugs to use the new struc
ture, but Chief Wharfinger Root is of the
opinion that it is the only way in which
the wharf can be made to pay. Accord
ing to him there will be 200 feet oi unoc
cupied space when the big steamers are
in dock. This can only be utilized lor
tugs or island traders, as the whole wharf
space will be used in handling Australian
merchandise. No better place for the
South .Sea Island traders could be found
on the water front and the chances are
ihat the commiss oners will look at it in
that tight. The contractors have agreed
to mate the necessary alterations in the
new shed and if all goes well the Oceanic
Steamship Company will dock its vessels
at Pacitic street next July.
Commissioner Cole brought out tbe fact
that no work had been done on the lots in
China basin set apart for the San Joaquin
Valley road. President Colnon and Com
missioner Chadoourne both pointed out
that to take action in the matter at present
would hamper the directors of the rail
road, and also that there was still plenty
of time in which lor them to act. On this
showing, the matter went over for a
month.
Some time ago the cruiser Philadelphia
went adrift during a southeaster, and was
nearly lost on Angel Island. Yesterday
Lieutenant Thomas S. Phelps appeared
before the board and urged the com
missioners to lay moorings for the men
of-war.
At the same time Chief Wharfinger |
Root pointed out that the fairway ought j
to be buoyed and lighted, and Lieutenant
Phelps aereed with him. The matter has j
been taken under consideration, but the '
chances are that the mooring will be laid
and the fairway buoyed and lighted.
The buildu.g of the new Postoffice will
be done by Healy, Tibbetts «fe Co. Theirs
was the last bid opened, and when they
offered to do the work fof $4938 they
brought sorrow to the rhree other con
tractors, who asked $4950 for the job. |
FOUGHT ONE ROUND.
A Slogging Match Ihat Was Interrupted
by the Appearance of Police
man Moran.
About twenty men boarded the 4:15 p. m.
train yesterday at Haight and Stanyan
streets for the ocean beach to witness a
fight between two local sloggers — Torn
Driscoll of 220 Elm avenue and the "Mis
sion Cyclone."
They were observed by Policeman
Moran and he took the next train* Mean
time the sloggers and their friends had
left the train at Ninth avenue and H
street and gone to a vacant house adjoin
ing Mrs. Cooper's church on Ninth ave
r"lie - ...
The preliminaries were quickly arranged
and one round was Fouaht when some one
shouted that the police were coming. He
had seen Policeman Moran in the distance
irom the window, who had discovered the
location of tbe fight.
There was a wild rush to get outside,
and Driscoll, who was under the influence
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
The American Bark McNear That Sailed from San Francisco for Australia With Dynamite Aboard.
She Was Long Overdue, and a Cable Received Last Night Was the On'.y Thing That Reassured
the Owners and Charterers.
! of liquor, ran against the glass door and
i cut an artery in his left arm. He was
i picked up and bundled into a wagon, but
j he fell out and bruised his face.
Moran called for the ambulance and
1 Drisroll was taken to the Receiving Hos
, pital, where Dr. Hartley attended to his
! wounded arm.
EASTWARD BOUND.
Leading Californium Take Their De
parture for New York and St.
Louis.
Last evening at 6 o'clock there was quite
a leavetaking at the Southern Pacific ferry
station, foot of Market street. Bound lor
the East were Samuel M. Shortridge, T.
D. Riordan, Mrs. Clara Foltz, Coionel Isaac
Trumboand wife, M. H. de Young and
wife, John Paul (J^surovc of The Call and
Georee Heazleton of the Chronicle.
Twelve or fifteen ladies of the Portia
Club, among them the president of the so
ciety and Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn, as
sembled to express wishes for a safe
journey to Mrs. Foltz. Mrs. Trumbo and
Mrs. be Young were also surrounded
by numerous admiring friends of their
own sex. So all in all there was a galaxy
of beauty and intellect at the dingy wooden
station on this side of the bay.
There were others, among them James
B. Stetson and George A. Knight, who
went no further East than Sixteenth street,
Oakland.
The ladies regarded Mrs. Trumbo with
evident admiration, for she goes to Utah
where women vote and if they have per
sonal energy and influence may swing a
large vote.
Mrs. Foltz will remain a day at Salt
Lake as the guest of Colonel Trumbo and
will then proceed to New York. Mr.
Shortridge expects to visit New York and
then return to St. Louis.
TO ADVOCATE THE CHARTER.
Assembly District ( lub. to Be Organ
ized by the Civic Federation.
The Civic Federation is determined so
A. D. Little, the Popular Chief Engineer of the Oceanio Steamship Company's
Steamer Al>mecla.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
far as its influence and power go to se
cure the adoption of the new charter at
the coming election, and in order to
make its influence felt steps are about to
be taken by this organization for the for
mation of clubs in every assembly distnet
in the City where the proposed charter will
be discussed.
Those clubs when organized will be
auxiliary to the Civic Federation, and be
under the immediate supervision of the
executive board of that body.
Final arrangements for the execution of
this plan of action are now under considera
tion- by the federation, and as soon as
properly matured will be made public. It
is ihe aim of the members of th>- federa
tion to impress upon the minds of the
voters the n cssity of voting in favor of
the adoption of the charter.
SUING THE RAILROAD.
Relative* of William H. Carter Want
Damages for HU Death.
The relatives of William H. Carter, who
was killed by a Mission-street electric-car
on June 15, 1895, brought suit against the
Market-street Railway Company yester
day for $25,000 damages. It is alleged that
the car was running at a very high rate of
speed as it approached the Ecker-street
crossing, and that Carter did not know of
its approach.
To San Jose and Alum Rock.
if 1 round trip, Sunday, June 7. Palace cars
leave Third and Townsena streets at 9 o'clock.
Family excursion, Valencia-street station
9:10 sharp. •
THIS STEAMSHIP
HAS A RECORD.
Her Forty-Seventh Round
Trip of the Pacific
Her Best.
ONLY ONCE BEHIND TIME
During Thirteen Years of Ser
vice the Alameda Has Only-
Been Late Once.
WAS BUILT BY AMERICANS.
She Has Regular y Beaten Railroad
Time And Is Now Better Than
a New Vessel.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
mpda finished her forty-seventh round
trip between Australasia and San Fran
cisco yesterday. During that time she
has made a remarkable record. On only
one occasion was she ever behind time,
and then John D. SpreckeJs hired a special
train to bring the delayed English mail
on from Sacramento. Snow in the moun
tains was the cause of the trouble, but in
spite of all Mr. Si>reckels' efforts the
steamer was twenty-four hours late at
Sydney.
Fourteen years ago the Alameda was
launched from the Cramps' shipyard. At
that time she was, as she is still, the
finest American steamer of her class
afloat. She logs her 342 miles a day, and
from year's end to year's end she never
•lives the engineers any trouble. Month
In and month out she gets in on schedule
lime, and, unlike the overland train serv
ice, her mails are always a few hours early
instead of ''twenty-four hours late."
The big steamer was not fully due until
noon vest' nay. but at 7 a. m. she passed
Meipgs' wharf, and an hour l;iter her pas
sengers were ashore and scattered in their
homes or hotels.
When the Alameda left Philadelphia A.
D. Little was in charge of the engine
room. Before that he had been chiei as
sistant, on ihe Pennsylvania, running be
tween Liverpool and Philadelphia, but the
builders of the vessel wanted a competent
man, so they put him ;n charge of tbe
new ship. That was thirteen years ago,
and the record of the steamer shows what
kind of an engineer he is.
Among the cabin Dasaengers who came
upon the Alanieda' were the Rev. Father
Browne, the well-known priest and lec
turer, and L. D. Nathan, the Auckland
merchant. The others were:
Rev. R. A. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. W. D. A* ten,
Mr. and Mrs. Browne. Mr. and Mrs. A. Davis.
Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. Edgar
Hull, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Halford, Mr. and Mrs.
Koss Lane, Mr. and Mrs. Nigel J. Markhain,
Mr. and Mrs. Douglas McLeau, Mr. ami Mrs.
Rabbins an<l two children. Mr. »nd Mrs. Riche,
Mr. and Mrs. Somtrville, Mrs. Burt and child,
Mrs. Casey, Mrs. Rather, Mrs. ('. C. Sinclair,
Miss Barnes, Miss Kennedy, Miss F. Ken
nedy, Miss E. Lawrence, Miss C Mc-
Millan, Miss F. McMillan, Miss M.iyne tt'OTall,
\. Cade Buiurose, J. H. Bennett, Samuel Berry,
c. H. Brown, Mr. Burgos, W. Henry Cowan,
11. Collier, H. Hervey, J. Herrmann, W. Home,
Mr. Kcl' nig-- berg, M*. Konig, L. P. Lawrence,
Mr. Lawrence, William Marks, Claude St. Mor
ris, L. !». Nathan, J. H. J'aget, Jackson Palmer,
.1. Russell, William Russell, Ernest O. Smith,
Mr. Townshend, R. Trevithick, T. B. Warren,
F. Young, J. H . Young, Master Lawreime, Mas
ter Sinclair, Dr. aud Mrs. Hill, Miss Hill and
C A. Harris.
Among the steerage passengers was
"Lady" Warrington. She is 72 years of
age and had on her person and in the care
of the purser over $20,000. Her husband
was captain of the American ship Sam
aria and she says she is now about to in
stitute proceedings to recover his estate.
She is a most combative old woman and
had the steerage by the ears during the
entire trip from New Zealand. According
to her story Lord Brassy, the Governcr of
New South' Wales, is a particular friend of
hers and saw tbat she was well taken care
of on the steamer. After a squabble with
the immijratioti officer she produced a
draft for £2000 and was allowed to land.
LICK HUM BAZAAR.
Annual Gathering PleHHurabljr Looked
Forward to by the Old Ladies.
A bazaar will be given to-morrow at the
Lick Old Ladies' Home. The board of
management have i3sued the following
notice: "There will be a bazaar to-morrow
at the Old Ladies' Home. Take the Mis
sion-street cars; ride to Silver avenue,
where carriages will take you direct to the
home. All are invited. Price of tickets
25 cents. Dinner served if you wish for
25 cents. Come and see the old ladies and
chier them by your presence. They have
nice things to sell, and you can have a
pleasant outing for very little money.
"You will be delighted to have the
chance of seeing the many line people
whom you will meet, all willing to do so
kind an act. The bazaar is an annual
gathering, and is looked forward to eagerly
by the old ladies of the Lick Home."
WILLAMETTE SUIT ENDED
Judge Morrow Awards the Sur
plus Less the Costs to the
Oregon Receiver.
The Fund Thus Disposed of Amounts
to Twenty-Three Thousand
Dollars.
Judge Morrow handed down yesterday
a written opinion of forty closely type
written pages in the case of R. D. Chandler
of the steamship Willamette Valley, in
which Charles Claik, receiver of the
Oregon Pacific Railroad Company, ap
pointed by the State court of Orej^m, ap
peared as claimant
Several petitions were presented to the
District Court for the satisfaction of claims
against the surplus proceeds derived fiom
the sale of the vessel and remaining after
all maritime liens had oeen satisfied. The
receiver applied ior the entire surplus as
the representative of the Oregon court, in
who3e possession the property of the
insolvent corporation was and also as
claimant of the vessel.
Counter petitions were filed by the
master for his wages as master and pilot;
by a judgment creditor who had recovered
a common law judgment in the State
courts; by the sureties who went on a
bond to release the vessel when she was
first libeled and were compelled to pay the
amount of the decree; by several insur
ance companies as holders of receiver's
certificates purporting to give them a
prior claim in the payment of premiums
for insurance and by other holders of
certificates.
The court, after careful consideration,
awarded the entire surplus, less all costs,
to the receiver on the ground that he was
the representative of the owner and
primarily entitled to the same, and that
none of the petitioners, other than the
holders of receiver's certificates, had any
lien, legal or equitable, against the fund,
as against the claim of the owner.
The fund thus dispssed of amounts to
about $23,000.
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT.
A Number of Krsigiiiitlonn Accepted
and Appointments Made.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and accepted the resignations of
Charles F. O'Connor of eneine 32; A. J.
Himmelman, entrine 28; James McGlone
and William Peterson, engine 30, and
N. F. McAuliff, engine 10.
Charles Thoney was promoted from
boseman of engine 18 to driver of engine
i 28. William Cunningliain was appointed
! truckman of truck 1; William Crowhall,
ho^eman of engine 18, and Charles Thome
and Peter Magorty hosenien of engine 30.
Statement" were received from William
' Black of chemical engine 6 and H. S. Hor«
| ri-on of engine 25 regardinz the trouble
I between them about ten days ago, when
j Black was shot in the hand by Morrison
j in front of engine 25, and the Commis
sioners decided to fine each thirty days'
; pay.
When Baby was sick, we gave her Castoria,
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria,
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
IN AGED VICTIM
OF VINING'S SYSTEM,
Mrs. C. More Seriously
Injured Getting a
Transfer.
DIDN'T KNOW THE RULES
Became Bewildered by Passing
Teams and Fell, Breaking
Her Leg.
WAS NOT PROPERLY DIRECTED
Lays tne Blame on the Railroad
Company and Wonders That
She Was Not Killed.
Manager Vining's transfer system was
the cause of an old lady, Mrs. C. More, re
ceiving serious injuries at the corner of
Third and Market streets last evening.
Ignorant of the red tape necessary for
changing from one car to anotner she be
came alarmed and confused by the passing
teams, and while endeavoring to elude a
team that was bearing down upon her she
fell and broke both bones of her leg.
She arrived at Third and Townsend
streets from San Gregorio, San Mateo
County, to pay a visit to her two daugh
ters who reside in this City. She boarded
an electric car and at Third and Market
procured a check from the conductor.
Being entirely ignorant of the transfer
rule she started to cross Market street,
with the intention of taking a Castro
street car. A gentleman, seeing that she
had come directly from the Third-street
line, stopped her and explained to her
that it was necessary to have the checs
exchanged for a transfer by the man
standing on the corn r.
The Castro- car moved on and she be
came excited and bewildered. She went
to the transfer man, but as she started to
cross the street again to catch her car a
team nearly ran her down.
The transfer man grabbed the horses'
bridles, but the old lady, in turning
quickly to get out of the way, fell and
broke her leg.
She lay moanine on .the street till the
patrol wagon was sent for and she was
taken to the Receiving Hospital. Dr.
Ruine found that she had sustained a
compound comminuted fracture of both
bones of tbe right leg.
"If," she said, when seen at the hospital,
"I had been allowed to quietly leave the
electric car and board the other car I
would not now be here with a broken leg.
I thought when I got the check from the
conductor that it was ali I needed, and
when I found I was mistaken I lost my
head and became confused.
"How is an old ladylike me living in
the country to know about their rules and
regulations. The conductor of the electric
car s'iOald have told me that I had to get
the ciieck changed for a transfer and I
would have known what to do. It's a won
der 1 wasn't killed, although it is bad
enough to have my \-g broken."
THE METAL- ROOFERS.
Protest Against a Cement Roof for the
City Hall.
At the metal-roofers' meeting Wednes
day evening a resolution was passed con
demning the decision of the City Hall
Commissioners in recommending a ce
ment roof for the City Hall instead of
slate or tin.
The roofers claim that the interior sup
ports of the building are not strong enough
to hold up the weipht of a cement root.
They say that the least sag will crack the
cement, and a ieaicy roof will be the re
sult. Ttiis class of roofs have been tru'd ,
several times in this City and have proved
failures.
A 'committee was selected to call upon
the Commissioners and Supervisors with
the protest against the proposed work.
There was another strike on the old Pa
cific Bank job ypsterday, caused by the ap
pearance of P. X. Kuss' non-union paint
ers in the building. The metal-roofers led
the strike.
The Painters' Union will meet hereafter
on Wednesday, instead of Monday nights,
at 35 Eddy street.
NEW TO-DAT.
The
Guarantee
of a man worth a
million dollars is a
good thing. The
guarantee of one
worth forty millions
is still better.
See the .- guarantees in
the new policy issued
"by the Equitable — a
Society whose
guarantees are
backed by forty
million dollars of
surplus.
■ THE EQUITABLE
UFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY,
220 BkoadwjlT,
N.T.
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE:
Crocker Building. Market, Montgomery
and Post Streets.
NEW TO-1> AY—AMUSEMENTS.
O'Farrell Street, Be. ween Stockton and Powell. .
Week Commencing Monday, June Ist,
C/AKS OF THE' VAUDEVILLE!-
MEEKS BROS.. HAVES and POST,
FAFIKTTA I
New York Sun says: "I'ap.nu Is la Loie Fuller
multiplied by five."'; ' . . ;•■ '
- ? DIXON, BOW-. ' Sand : :>IXON ' ,
. .And a Strong Vaudeville Company. :
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera Chain
ani Box Seats. 50c. . ■
I -Coming— Edison* Wonder, "The VltMCOpe."
DUFFY'S PURE
FOR " MEDICIN^gSE
no fusel oil
FOR PREVENTINQ
WEAK, TiRiD
FEELINGS
In hot weather, this pure stimu-
lant is unequaled. It gives
strength.
Beware of all imitations.
All grocers and druggists.,
Send for pamphlet to
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
Bas»^T rVk- ATKE PRO .
LAST 2 NIGHTS:
Last Matinee Saturday.
MISS ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. Aiiizus'.ln Daly.
To-night, Saturday matinee and Saturday evj;.,
"TlfflKl OF THE SHREW."
NEXT WEEK. MONDAY. JtTNE 8,
I Appearance for a limited Pngagement.only, of tha
distinguished comedian,
3NT.A.T CJ. GOOJj\7J7-iKr
And bis company, presenting
IN MIZZOURA."
By Augustus Thomas, Esq. (Author of "Alabama).
A Genuine Comedy-Drama— Bright, breezy,
brilliant.
Seats Now Selling.
rWCDLAfiQ'uR.OOTTLCC « c?- usiHAiiDrwiAOtßJ---
I SAN FRANCISCO'S I TURNING
OiVJN COMPANY | I'EOPLK AWAY
AT EVIiKY PE FOiIMANCK,
"THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS."
So Perfectly Presented by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Monday Next— "BROTHER JOHN."
Seats Novr on Sale.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
I Mrs. hasßiTixK Kuklish. Proprietor & Mauaear
last isrxoiEirr'Js
OfAuctran's Favorite Open Couii';ue,
OLIVETTE?
ATpoipULA^^IiTj^OFOKEr
EVERY NUnBER REDEMANDED.
— NEXT~WEEK
Delllnger's Romantic Work,
"LORRAINE !"
• •;-?; First Appearances of
Miew Marik Millaed and Miss Louise Roycjs,
LOOK OUT FOR
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
I WAU'KK -MuiiU-3Lij, Sole Lessea and Mana«at
THIS EVKSi v>. AT I)'!;HT,
I MATCHLESS SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION
of tne Great Military Melodrama,
"THE SOUDAN!"
i Reappearance, Af ser an Absence of six Mouths,
of the Popular Favorite,
IttfSLlK BfOitOSUO.
■F.VEJfixn ]*bicb-4— 253 ,-\ni >"*>.
Family Circle and Gallery. 103.
Usual ."Mil. nice . Sn!ur<lny mill Sunday.
EXCURSION
NEXT SUNDAY, June 7, to Sonoma Valley.
Leave via 7:30 A. M. Tiburbn ferry. Special
train stops one hour at SONOMA, two hours at
AGUA CALIEXTE SPRINGS and nearly four
hours at GLEN ELLEN. Go and take the fam-
ily. A GRAND BASKET LUNCH OUTING.
Tickets for round trip, only $1. Children, 5 to
12, only 50c. Get reserved seats without extra
charge daily from 1 to 9 p. m. at 333 O'Farrell
I street. Unreserved seat tickets for sale at
ferry. J. E. LOCKE, Excursion Manager.
SUTRO BATHS.
— ■
SATURDAY and SUNDAY. .Tune 6 and 7,
A MARINE XOV J.TV: . . .
GRAND MATCH RACE !
WATBB BICYCLE v«. . CANOE !
Illustrations of Deep 9*« Diving by Miss Poarl
j Wo-dwnrd. Exciting Swimming Contests. ■ Mar-
velous Aerial Diving by Miss isidore l'oote.
; Admission— Adnlt*. lOc; Children, 50.
SUTRO BATHS]
9 EVENINGS ONLY !
! Commencing Saturday, June 9, 1806,
MAGMIIC NT ELECTRIC DISPLAY I
BEAUTIFUL PICTURES !
Marvelous Mechanical Effects!
STORM AT SEA !
Prominent Points or Interest in the United States
and Europe.
General Admission— Adults, 10c; Children, sc.
THE CHUTES I
OPEN SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS
Until Completion of Improvements. !"
Saturday— Free Parachutes for Children.
Sunday— Japanese Day Fireworks.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleslde Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OK SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION Si. oo.
," Take Southern Pacitlc trains at Third and Town-
'send streets .Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. it
Fare ' for round trip, including admission to gran.l
maud. $1. lake Mission-street electric line diraoi
to track.
A. B. SPHECKELai W. S. LEA KB,
■fregldenu' , Secretarr-
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
£&W& $§si& s§s^£i siliS
— -TO-i—
Sunset Park, Santa Cruz Mountains,
SATURDAY, JUNE 6.
Round-Trip Tickets, 81; Children, sto
13, 50 Cent*. ,
DANCING, RACES AND GAMES.
Music by the Fifth Kegiment Band.
Trains leave foot of Market street, San Francisco,
8:45 a.m. • ,
Fourteenth and Franklin streets, Oakland, •at
8:45 a. if. .-■-■.■■■■
. l'ar . street, Alameda, 9:16 a. if.
■ .Returning, leave the park at sp. m. '
78
ELDER'S WARRANT
WAS HELD OUT,
Auditor Broderick Puts the
Demand in His
Drawer.
RESULT OF AN OLD FEUD
The Sidewalk Inspector Collides
With the Street Super
intendent.
LACKS ASHWORTH'S SIGNATURE
A Legal Battle Between the Officials
Is Promised Over the Delayed
Salary.
The prospects of a bitter legal battle
between Superintendent of Streets Ash
worth and George W. Eider, the sidewalk
inspector of the Board of Supervisors, over
the salary of the latter, are excellent in
view of recent happenings.
A feud of long standing exists between
the two officials, and Mr. Ashworth
appears to be venting nis spite on the
Inspector by withholding his signature to
the lattor's warrant.
As the Auditor will not sign demands
against the funds of the Street Depart
ment without the signature of the Super
intendent, Mr. Elder goes, without his
salary.
Previous to Elder's appointment by the
I of Supervisors, his predecessor, In
!-pector Reid, received his salary regularly,
tlie warrants being signed by Mr. Asu
worth without a protest.
When E.der's appointment wa3 made
known to Ashworth that individual imme
diately stated that there was a question
whether he would sign his warrants, as he
did not recognize the right of the Board of
Supervisors to appoint men whose ray
came out of the funds of his department.
His excuse for signing Reid's warrants
was that tne latter was an old man and
that be did not care to stop his salary.
Of course the impropriety of spending
the people's money out of sympathy for
the man to whom it was paid did not seem
to strike Mr. Ashworth as being out of the
way. A few days ago the Board of Super
visors sent down E;der's warrant for his
iirst month's salary, and the paper was
promptly returned by Ashworth without
tbe signature which would have insured
the attaching of Auditor Broderick's and
made tbe warrant excuangable for $100 at
the treasury.
Then the Supervisors signed the war
rant and sent it to the Auditor, but the
watchman of the Treasury put it in his
draw and there it remains.
Ei :er was on a hunt for his warrant
yesterday and speediiy located it in the
Auditor's oliice.
He demanded to know why it had not
been signed with the other warrants and
■was toid that as It was on the Street De
partment funds and lacked the signature
of the Superintendent of Streets it was not
in legal form and must be held up until
signed by Ashworth.
"While 1 believe the Superintendent of
.Streets to be wrong in the matter," said
Mr. Broderick, "I must do my duty as the
law points it out to me and hold this
warrant until the matter is fixed up."
"All right," rejoined Elder; "but I
shall not ask Ashworth to sign. The
pending of t!ie warrant to him from the
Board of Supervisors was all the legal
demand that was necessary, and that
is all he will get. If he intends to
deprive me of my salary to satisfy
the animus he has against me I will go to
the courts for relief and force him to pay
wbat is justly due. He paid Reid's salary
for a long period without a lsick of any
kind, and this tight he is making is not
against the office, as be claims, but against
me personally. My reports on some of
the bad jobs that have been passed by
some of his men have angered him, and
he is trying to get even."
PUNCTURED A SENSATION
It Was Brought From Hawaii by
Passengers Who Arrived
Yesterday.
A Naval Clash Alleged to Have Been
Imminent Over the Case of
Colonel Ashford.
A sensational report was brought to this
City by passengers who arrived from Hon
olulu on the steamer Alameda yesterday.
It was asserted that England was en
deavoring to coerce President Dole into
allowing Colonel Volney 0. Ashford, who
had been deported from the island on con
viction of misprision of treason, to return
to Hawaii.
The reports went so lar as to intimate
that President Dole had appealed to
Washington to prevent the expected
coercion on the part of Great Britain, and
that in consequence a clash between Brit
ish and American naval forces was threat
ened at Honolulu.
The utter absurdity of these stories was
Fhown by the fact that Colonel Ashford has
been confined for nearly nine montns in
the French Hospital|of this City, suffering
from a variety of ills, which culminated in
a paralytic $troke, and for six weeks past
his nourishment has been given by means
of a tube.
At the present time he is undergoing
fo me slight improvement, but was not in
condition to be interviewed. His brother
Clarence, however, is thoroughly familiar
with the colonel's affairs. Speaking of
them yesterday he said:
"My brother having been convicted by
the military court of the offense of inis
pri^icn of treason (failure to disclose his
alleged knowledge of treason committed
by others), the British Government, to
whom he appealed, represented to the
Hawaiian Government that the conviction
was rendered upon insufficient and illegal
evidence and requested that the convic
tion be set aside and the sentence founded
thereon annulled. I understand that
that request has not been finally
answered, by the Hawaiian Government,
ttiough negotiations have been proceed
ing between the two Governments upon
the topic for some months. The claim
that my brother has repeatedly or at all
Bsked permission to land iv Hawaii is ab
solutely false. He haa never aak6d per
mission and never will ask, and would not
accept it."
Clarence Ashford declined to discuss the
threatened naval incident, saying that
when his brother was ready to return to
Honolulu he wou'd do so. At present,
however, the probability of his early re
turn was very remote.
OLNEY UNINFORMED.
He Knows Nothing of the Alleged
Coercive Action of Great
Britain.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 4.— The
Call correspondent asked Secretary Olney
to-night if the State Department had re
ceived any notification from Honolulu
concerning Volney Ashford, who was ex
patriated from the Hawaiian Islands for
complicity in the Hawaiian revolution of
1895. It was reported that Ashford had been
refused landing on the island, and being
a British subject, had appealed to his Gov
ernment, and that the English Premier
had demanded that President Dole per
mit Ashiord to land.
Secretary Olney replied: "I have heard
nothing of the matter."
Another State Department official was
more communicative. He did not wish to
be quoted, but said to The Call corre
spondent :
"I saw a press dispatch intimating that
Great Britain would send a man-of-war to
Honolulu to enforce the demand that
Ashford be allowed to land, and also the
statement that the Hawaiian Government
in that event would appeal to the
United States for aid. I think there is no
foundation for either sensation. I do not
think that Great Britain would take this
much interest in lhe case of a participant
in the Hawaiian revolution, nor do I be
lieve that the United States would inter
fere in behalf of President Dole's Govern
ment. Thi3 is only my individual opin
ion. Up to the closing of the department
at 4 o'clock we had received no advices
from Honolulu."
JIM CORBETT WILL BOX.
The Olympic Club is Arranging
for an Evening of Fistic
Sport.
The Champion Will Appear Before
His Old Friends Ere He
Departs.
The Olympic Club is arranging to give a
special boxing night in its gymnasium
prior to the departure of Champion Cor
bett for the East.
Ur. E. N. Short, through whose untiring
efforts tlie cluD scored such a marked suc
cess in its boxing tournament which was
held at the Pavilion a few weeks ago, is
now engineering toe present scneme. The
doctor states that the entertainment will
be for members only, and that a first-class
evening's tistic sport may be looked for.
As there are a large number of the old
members of the club who are anxious to
see their old favorite instructor and cham
pion of champions once again in ring cos
tume, James J. Corbett has consented to
appear in a friendly sstto with one of the
members or his old sparring partner and
trainer, Billy Delaney.
Corbett has always retained a warm spot
in hifl heart for ;he Olympic Club, and it
goes without saying that his appearance
within the ropes where he first made his
mark as a boxer will be the signal for a
cheer such as has not been heard within
the grand structure since the nieht that
the news of his victory over the once fa
mous John L. Sullivan flashed over the
wires ami. foil on the ears of the large
crowd that was waiting in the gymnasium
for tne welcome information.
The interest now taken by sporting men
in affairs pugilistic has got the tongues of
the fighting fraternity a-wagging.
There is quite a sprinkling of "manly
I artists' in the City at present, and the
I clubs will not have to look a great distance
| for talent.
Tom Sharkey, who defeated William*
■\Vednes 'ay evening, has arrived at inn
conclusion that he is cood eunuch to meet
any of the heavy-weights, barring Jim
Corbett.
Sharkey is certainly wise in excepting
I the champion from the nuiuDer of star per
formers, any of whom he is now ready to
! meet in either a finish fight or a limited
; contest.
Among the heavy-weights of the present
j day t ere is one man, who lives not far
j from the center of the City, who, although
having remained very quiet during the re
cent spell of pugilism, is only too anxious
to give Thomas Sharkey, or any other
man, for that matter, a little fistic inter
view. Joe McAuliffe and his manaeer,
J Professor Barney Farley, are prepared, at
I a moment's notice, to attach their signa
tures to any articles of agreement that
may he pleasing to Sharkey.
The latter need not look to the East for
an opponent as long as McAuliffe is in
the land of the Jiving. True, McAuliffe
has been defeated by Jackson, Slavin and
Goddard, but it must be said in behalf of
the "Mission Giant" that there are very
few men in the fighting business to-day
outside of Corbett and Jackson who are in
McAuliffe' s class.
If Joe would keep himself in anything
like fair condition he could find any num
ber of men of means who would back him
«gainst Sharkey, Slavin, Maher, Fitzsirn
mons and others who are now looking for
high honors.
, It is said that Corbett has asked Sharkey
to travel with him as his sparring partner.
Thomas should, most assuredly, avail of
this opportunity, because one year of his
life as a pugilist of high aspirations could
not be put to better advantage than meet
ing and boxing with the cleverest heavy
weight that ever stepped between rones.
Corbett would teach Sharkey points in the
game that the latter has never dreamed of.
No_ one will question Sharkey's game
qualities. He is as brave as a lion and as
strong as an ox. Ail he requires to make
him a topnotcher is a year's instruction
under such a polished artist as James J.
Corbett.
Sharkey's style of hittinz is cramped.
His body does not go with a blow, but
Corbett will quickly remedy the sailor's
delects and in one year's time" make him a
fighter and a terror to all thos9 "big
guns" wno are now anxious for a "crack'
at the pride of the navy.
PATE OF TWO SNAKES.
They Were at the Bottom of a Mine Shaft
When Notice to Quit Wan Served.
A Forest and Stream correspondent tells
a South African snake story. Two snakes
were at the bottom of a sixty-foot mine
shaft. The snakes were each about ten
feet long and of one of the most poisonous
species, known as mam has. Now, miners
and ten-foot mambas do not agree very
well, and this is especially true wtien both
are at the bottom of a mining shaft.
The miners whose claim had been
jumrjed sent a message down to the snakes
with orders to come up. The message was
a bottle of dynamite with a lighted fuse
attached. Tlie snakes obeyed the sum
mons at oncfl. They came up the peruen
dicular shaft with such spet-d that they
shot up thirty feet above the opening of
the shaft. When they came down tlirv
were somewhat mixed. The two tails bl \
in some way got tangled into a «jus>c
knot, such as sailors tie. The makes
wanted to go in opposite directions, but
the efforts were in vain and they fell to
and stung one another to death.
The Forest and Stream does not vouch
for this story. It would have been nil
right to have the snakes blown out of the
shaft, but the sailor's knot sent it to the
column where the camptires flicker.
Tlie Smmhi'i Fmuily Excursion.
SanJoseandreturn.fi. Iroquois Club out
inp. Train leaves Third and Townsend 9 o'clock,
Sunday, June 7. Valencia-street station 9 :10. ♦
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTJXE 5, 1896.
ORGANIZED FOR
PARTY HARMONY
Eight Hundred and Twenty
Republicans of the
Thirty-Fifth.
YOUNG MEN OF VIGOR.
The Club Began Life October
29 With Only One Hun
dred Members.
PURE POLITICS A. PRINCIPLE.
To Meet Twice a Month Until More
Frequent Assemblages Become
Necessary.
Tbe Thirty-fifth Assembly District Re
publican Club, organized October 20, lsfto,
wivh 100 members, has grown to a member-
V. E. Nortnrup. President of the Thirty-fifth Assembly District republican Ciub
[Drawn by a "Call" artist from a photograph by Bushncll.]
ship of 820 actual resident voters in the
district.
About the organizers who held their
original meeting in Stanford Hall, corner
of Valencia and Twenty-eighth streets,
were soon gathered as councilors and di
rectors the older and more experienced
inliticians of the district, who eagerly
itnt their assistance to help make the
club a prominent factor of a powerful
political party in this City. Whether their
expectations have been realized may be
determined largely from the growth of
the club, form politics numbers combined
with unity of purpose is the criterion of
strength.
Starting with the idea that the club
should have more in view than the work
of one great campaign, a permanent or
ganization was effected, with V. P, North
rop as president, C. M. Depew, vice-presi
dent; R. H. Stafford, secretary, and C. L.
Hedemark, treasurer. In addition to
these olhcers the club has the following
strong executive committee of twenty
four:
James McKnipht. D. F. Mulville, J. \V. Mur
phy, Perry J. Smith, \V. W. M&cy, M. .1. M?-
I'herson, E. A. Grant, J. N. Rawe, Huron
Kelley, P-C. Francis, E. H. Herrick, Dr. E. N.
Torrello, ft. Collins, U. AY. Debenbun, W. K.
Flumbe, ]). I. Newkirk, Elgin McNab, George
Derm, R. B. Fredericks, A. J. Styche, J. M.
Rhodes, P. .1. Hyde, S. Gamble and J. F. Butler.
The headquarters at present ate at 1339
C.L Hfcdem^rk.Treas CM Depew, V. Pr&s. . KM s** wed, Secy.
Officers of the Thirty-fifth Assembly District Republican Club.
Valencia street and there in a comfortably
furnished and commodious hall the mem
bers assemble from time to time and In lit
tle groups discuss the )>olitical issues of the
day and the possibilities of the local field.
But hereafter regular meetings will be
held on the first and third Fridays of each
month. As the Campaign nears its climax
the club will meet every Friday eveninc
In anticipation of an exciting season of
torchlight processions and street parades
the club proposes soon to organize a uni
formed branch, composed of the repre
sentative, vigorous, younger men.
Throughout its experience the aim of
this club has been to stand for pure poli
tics, and that idea lias been impressed
upon each prospective member.
THREW WEAVER OUT.
Superintendent Reddy of the Alms
house Said to Hold Office
Illegally.
P. L. Weaver, through his attorney,
Henry E. Highion, brought suit yesterday
cgainst Superintendent Reddy of the
Almshonse, asking that Reddy be removed
from ofiice and that he, Weaver, who
formerly filled the position, be restored to
power.
It is alleged that Weaver was illegally
removed from office and for political rea
sons. He says that the meeting which or
dered liis decapitation was pot a legal one
and that there was no just cause for the
action.
Reddy is claimed to have forcibly ejected
Weaver from the Alnishouse without due
authority. Therefore, Weaver asks that
Reddy be removed and he reinstated.
Attorney-General Fitz-ierald has sanc
tioned the bringing of the suit in the
name of the State.
CRUELTY TO A MOTHER.
How a Blind Old L.ady Was Dumped
on the Sidewalk.
Mrs. Schaffer of Clipper street, near
Sanchez, applied to the Mayor's office yes
terday to know if her sister, Mrs. Pierson,
who liven at 927 Twenty-third street, and
is well off could not be compelled to con
tribute to the support of her blind and
aged mother. She waa informed that the
Mayor could do nothing for the old lady,
and that having daughters capable of sup
porting her she was ineligible for the
Alrashouse.
For sometime past the sisters have been
wrangling over the support of the aged
mother, who is in feeble health and has
not long to live. Mrs. Schaffer is a widow
with five children to support, and it is as
much as she can do to provide for them.
Mrs. Bahrs, who lives on Twenty-second
street, near Folsom, has a husband and no
children, but she refuse to be burdened
with her mother. Mrs. Pierson is well-to
do, and is said by her sister to be building
herself a line home on the Mission road.
For the last few weeks the mother has
been residing on tolerance with Mrs. Pier
son. Yesterday Mrs. .Schaffer complained
to tbe Society *for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children that the evening previous
Mrs. Pierson had gathered together some
bits of furniture that belonged to her
mother and calling an express wagon had
ordered them to be hauled upon it, and
putting the old lady in along with the fur
niture had ordered the man to take his
load to the residence of Mrs. Bahrs, on
Twenty-second street.
The expressman acted according to Mrs.
Pierson's instructions, but on arriving at
i the house Mrs. Bahrs showed no desire to
! welcome either her mother or the furni
i ture. The goods and the old lady were
i therefore dumped down on the sidewalk
i and according to the statement of Oflk'er
McMurray of the Society for the Preven
j tion of Cruelty to Children, who investi
gated the case yesterday, they were all left
) out in the road for sometime.
Finally Mrs. .Bahrs took her mother in,
' but she threatens to return her to Mrs.
, Pierson.
Mrs. Schaffer wants to know if there is
I not some means of preventing the old lady
from being carted about in express
wagons. The society can do very little
for her, as its jurisdiction does not extend
; to people in their second childhood.
General McComb advised her to place
the case in the hand 3of an attorney, and
i finding no redress at the Mayor's ofllce,
she left, statincr that she intended to fol
j low the general's aavice.
FOR THE RAILROAD.
The Supreme Court Reduces the Dam
ages in the Warner Case.
The Supreme Court yesterday reversed
: the judgment (if the lower court in the
I case of Willis T. Warner against the
J Southern Pacific Company and sent the
! case back for a new trial. In the Superior
! Court the plaintiff was awarded $5000
damages for being ejected from a train at
Fresno.
The opinion holds that the employer
cannot be held responsible for the mali
cious acts of bis employe except to repair
the daniape inflicted, provided that the
employer does not ratify the malicious
acts. The conductor's action in this case
was judged to be malicious, and compensa
tory damages should be allowed, not puni
tive.
In illustration, it is said that should an
l engineer run his engine close to a street
| crossing in order to frighten streetcar pas
sengers the railroad company cannot
properly be held responsible beyond com
pensation for whatever actual damage
occurs.
Neither is a merchant responsible should
an employe wantonly and maliciously
drive over some one in the street. The
act is entirely that of the driver, and the
merchant can only be made to pay for the
actual damage done.
In the Fresno matter Warner may ob
tain compensatory damages, but the court
holds that $5000 is too much.
Justice McFarland fathered the opinion,
with Justices Henahaw and Temple con
curring.
Annapolia Student*.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., June 4.— Tne follow
ing are among the members of next year's
first class who have been selected for the
engineer division, and the}' will remain at
the academy this summer, continuing
their course in steam engineering: Peter
L. Pratt, Illinois; Henry Jensen, Wiscon
sin: Robert W. Henderson, Ohio: Hilary
Williams, Indiana; Clarence S. Kempff,
California; Robert C. Bagby, Missouri;
George Van Orden, Michigan; Andrew T.
Graham, Illinois; George Weber, Arkan
sas; Irwin F. Landis, California.
THE BUCKLEYITES
REPUDIATE BUCKLEY
At Least Andy Clunie Did
and the Boys Ap
plauded Him.
A REPORT AND A SPEECH
The General Committee Orders
Headquarters at Sacra
meato.
AN ANTI-A. P. A. RESOLUTION
A. J. Ciunie Paid His Respects to Mc-
Nab, Daggett and Gould in
Pointed Words.
The Buckley general committee rilled
U'nai B'nth Hall last evening with its
big but brief meeting.
A more important meeting will be that
of the Ifjl State Convention delegates at
Pythian Castle this evening. The meet
ing last pight heard and approved the re
port of the executive committee, and
heard a brief and pointed speech by An
drew J. Clunie.
As the primary is over and there is noth
ing else to do until the State Convention
does its work with local politics, the inter
est and fortunes of the faction are mainly
bound up with the convention delegation.
In effect the meeting of last night con
sisted of a respectful bow of the executive
committee to the general committee,
acknowledging and emphasizing the
theory that the former body is tne ser
vant of the latter and that no boss or
little Junta of bosses is seeking to run
things to the exclusion of the sovereign
people.
When Chairman Rothschild bad made
the proper parliamentary passes and Sec
retary Daniel Maguire Gavigan had con
sumed much time reading the minutes of
the last meeting, when so much was done
and so many resolutions adopted, ex-Sen
ator M. J. Donovan, chairman of the
executive committee, proceeded with his
report.
The report recited the organization of
the comruittee April 21, the carrying out
of the details of the primary election
ordered by the general committee, at
which 16l"delegates to the State Conven
tion were elected.
It also told of the order that all delegates
must pledge themselves to carry out a
policy in support of free silver, in opposi
tion to the funding bill and in opposition
to the A. P. A. The resolution about the
A. P. A. adopted by tne executive commit
tee was as follows :
Resolved, That we oppose any union of church
anvi state, and we recognize loyalty, intelli
gence and honesty as the main requirements
of good citizenship, and we denounce any
attempt to create a religious qualintuition for
office us unjtist and unconstitutional.
BetoUxd, i'tint we are unalterably opposed to
the principles announced by the American
Protective Association and denounce the same
as un-American and opposed to the principles
of the constitution of tne United states.
The report recommended that thes*
resolutions be adopted by the general
committee as part of the political creed of
the local Democratic party.
Tne report was adopted with applause.
Mr. Donovan announced that he had
gone to Sacramento and riled with John
Murkley, secretary of the State Central
Committee, the credentials of the delega
tion as required by the State Convention
call and received a receipt therefore.
He expressed the satisfaction of the
executive committee at the big turnout
ol voters at the primary, lie further
stated that while in Sacramento he had
looked about for headquarters, and found
one or two desirable ones, and said that
the matter ought to be attended to.
Mr. Donovan was cheered, the executive
committee was ordered to attend to the
headquarters business, and f the Buckley
ites will have a b.g delegation home when
the roar of the convention begins at Sac
ramento.
The audience began calling, calling for
"Clunie f Andy got up and volleys of
'•Platform !" drove him to the stage. There
h»» said a few things pointedly and the
first one was in favor of the executive com
mittee.
"I believe that the executive committee
of this body is the best one the party has
ever had," he said, "and Senator Dono
van as chairman has added a great deal to
the weight of the body before the people
of San Franci.sco.
"He has not a desire to usurp power as
some chairmen and some executive com
mittees have had, and understands that
you are the governing body of the party.
If you give way to the principle that tne
executive committe should run the party
it will po back to the condition it was in
under the reoiganizers, when a few men
took all power into their own hands.
''The condition ofthe party in San Fran
cisco is not one that now promises success
In November. I dont want to see any J unta
and anti-Junta business; I want to see a
united party."
Then Clunie denied that Buckley con
trolled the organization and talked about
Daj*gett, McNab and Gould.
"lhe so-called Junta has sent out circu
lars saying that Mr BucKley dominates
this organization. I want to repudiate
that statement, and I think that every
member of this committee will repudiate
it. I believe that we are all opposed to one
man power. This committee is not domi
nated by any one man, but the other
organization is dominated by three or four
men as bad as Mr. Buckley.
"I do not desire to go into personalities,
but when it is known that the man who
chiefly controls the other side is John
Daggett, who was read out of the party a
lew years ago, we will receive fair con
sideration.
"Another leader on the other side is Mr.
McNab, who does not appear to be one of
the men whom the Democracy of the State
wants as a leader. The record of the 're
organ izcrs' shows that McNab was read
out of the party by tne votes of Jeremiah
Sullivan, Samuel liraunhart and almost
every representative man who claims to
affiliate with the Junta of San Francisco.
"Both of these men have been read out
of the party as traitors to the party and
the principle, and it is these men who are
saying that you and I cannot sit in a Demo
cratic convention."
Frank Gould, Clunie said, was mixed
up with the local trouble, was identitied
with one faction in favor of which he was
prejudiced and pledged, and he was not a
tit person to preside over the convention
which was to decide the contest.
He was unfair, biased and under the
control of Gavin McNab, who was not a
leader of the Democracy in San Francisco
or in any part of the State. Mr. Clunie
mentioned Senator White and Lieutenant-
Governor Jeter as candidates for the con
vention chairmanship.
"Nobody in the party doubts my De
mocracy. I have placed myaelf in this
organization because I see in it the men
who have done the work of the party for
years, and I tell you the party cannot af
ford to ignore such men.
"These statements about Buckley's con
trol are wholly false, and the members of
this committee ought to go about among
its friends and say that, no matter what
the papers say, we are not under the con
trol of any man.
"The question of Buokleyism is dead.
The issues that will arise at Sacramento
are National issues, and this delegation is
pledged to silver. It has at its head the
Honorable James I. Stanton, who, as the
people know, would not identity himsel"
with this organization if he did not be
lieve that this delegation represents the
sentiments of the people on the railroad
question.
"The Junta has nominated Jndee Ma
guire for Congress by the wonderful
ability of Gavin McXab, but 1 cannot per
ceive the consistency of it after the Junta
had declared that Mr. Maguire was not fit
to represent the party in the National
convention. That proceeding will not
catch any flies or fool anybody."
WHen Clunie had been applauded aeain
the committee adjourned to the cail of the
chair.
MALAYS ABE PIRATES.
But Their Crimes Are Much More Care
fully Conducted.
In the Malay peninsula piracy has de
clined considerably since the expedition
of twenty years ago, but Perak, Salangore
and Romhow still distinguish themselves
now and again by a little undisguised
business of this kind. In China th* two
creat hotbeds of buccaneers are the places
which have been celebrated in this direc
tion for centuries — Amoy and Canton.
The Amoy people proper, who speak the
Amoy dialect and live in the walled city,
are very quiet, peaceable and orderly,
and have a pronounced antipathy for
lighting, whether on sea or shore. But
back of Amoy is the mountainous district
of Tongan. It is connected with the ocean
by many arms of the sea. Its soil is sterile
and its resources are very few ; its people,
like the mountaineers, are thin, muscular,
brave and resolute. EyeD to-day they
preserve a semi-independence of a military
nature. These make their living by piracy.
They and the men of Canton have learned
wisdom by experience. They no longer
cruise the wide seas, attacking any crate
that may come along. Tnere are too many
gunboats patrolling the coast — too many
rifled guns and too many vardarms. Law
and order, in the last half-century, have
shot, hanged, drowned, blown up or
burned at ' least 100,000 followers of the
"black Hag." To-day the work is done on
a smaller scale, but on a far shrewder and
safer basis.
They keep spies at various places in
their neighborhood, who report to head
quarters whenever some junk is to leave
that has a rich cargo or carries a large
amount of money. Along with this goes
the information of who commands the
boat, how large a crew it carries and how
it is armed. The pirates then plan to in
tercept the craft in some river or arm of
the sea, or else in some shoal water near
the coast, where there is no chance of
meeting a gunboat and where, after the
robbery, they will have a safe means of
escape.
Their calculations are carefully made,
but come out right only once in four or
live time*. It may be that a foreign or
Chinese gunboat suddenly appears on the
scene. It may be that the junk they are
after goes past their rendezvous with a
European steamer or river launch, or may
hap the prospective victim is <le:ayed by
adverse winds and tides and so does no ap
pear at the time and place figured upon.
When they do make a capture tiiey are not
so brutal and cruel as In the old years.
For the rest, any one who knows China
and the Chinese will not need to be told
that the booty is easily disposed of with
out risks or questions asked. — Pall Mall
Gazette.
A MEMORY UNEXCELLED,
Charles Dorr of This City Takes
the Premium for Reten
tiveness,
Can Name in a Flash the Number of
the Fire and Police Box of
Any Street.
Charles Dorr, a bartender in Colonel
Coakley's resort, out on Geary street, has
one of the most remarkable memories
that has ever been mentioned in print.
He has at his tongue's end the exact loca
tion of any fire, police patrol, or telephone
box iv the City of Sun Francisco. In other
words, the fire-alarm card or the telephone
book is useless when he is within con
sulting distance. He has been in this
country but a short time, too, and has
gleaned this remarkable information oy
simply glancing, as it were, at the written
schedules.
Tell him upon what street you live, and
between what intersecting streets, and he
will inform you with incredible swiftness
the nearest fire-box you should seek in
case of a fire, or the nearest police patrol
box that would be used in case of trouble.
In fact, his knowledge of this City in the
matter of streets and numbers is absolute
iv preciseness and comprehensiveness.
A. party of gentlemen recentiy made a
wager of s4o that he could be caught in
tue tire alarm and police patrol system of
boxes extant in the City. Ho was put to
the most tryinj* test and came out victo
rious. The men who put up money on
him, it is needless to say, were not the
losers. The questions asked him were: "If
I live on Brouerick street, between Sutter
and Bush, which is the nearest fire alarm
and the nearest police patrol box?" or,
"Near what street is box so and so?" In a
flash the correct numbers would be given.
Mr. Dorr can also give the telephone
number of any engine-house in the City
and can tell you at a moment's notice
what numberto use to call up any fire
chief or marshal.
The marvelous retentiveness of his
memory is illustrated in any field. Give
him the number of any streetcar in the
City and he will tell you the street it runs
on. Give him a street and he will tell you
the numbers of all the cars that run on
that particular street. Ask him where a
certain house numbered so and so on any
street is and he will say, "It is between
such and such streets."
He can tell the nearest telephone num
ber and any house number in the City.
He will tell you correctly the present
number of the badee of any policeman on
the force, giving you that u'llicer's name.
Write a row of twenty or more figures.
He simply runs his eye across it. Ask
him a week or a month later and he will
tell you th« number you wrote without an
error.
His knowledge of the English language
is meager, but, singularly, he can spell
any name which he cannot even pro
pounce. In short, whatever he sees or
reads or hears he never forgets, but can
teil it as he heard it any time after.
He multiplies, adds, substracts and di
vides with wonderful quickness. Ask him
to multiply six figures by six figures arm
he gives you tne result before you have
calculated the first figurp.
Should a policeman tell him what beat
he traverses, Mr. Dorr will inform him
what fire and patrol boxes are on his beat
and exactly where they are located; and
the police patrol box system is compli
cated, there being numbers repeated over
and over again.
In his voyage here from Australia Mr.
Dorr astonished the captain of his vessel
by his wonderful, rapid and correct read
ing of signals given by passing ships. He
will tell you the street above and below
any street in the city, but to enumerate all
that hi* remarkable gift is capable of
would fill pages. He has acquired this
accurate knowledge, too, in tha most de
sultory sort of way ■ — between mixed
drinks, as it were.
The Siebe trial yesterday was taken up with
the testimony of Deputy Assessors, who used
much time in telling that they were not re
sponsible for the omission of the assessment oi
portions of the property of the Market-street
Railway Compauy.
STOOD UP BY
A POLICEMAN,
Four Members of the Paint
ers' Union in a Novel
Role.
SUSPECTED AS BURGLARS
Money, Garments and Jewels
Stolen From a Post-Street
House.
THE WORKMEN WERE INNOCENT
An Officer Who Meant Well, But Who
Unwittingly Followed the
Wrong Clew.
Some ol the "finest" on the police force,
who are not looking for Blanther or Dun
ham, have been distinguishing themselves
in other channels.
One of the blue-coated officers had a very
exciting experience on Tuesday, when he
made things lively in his pursuit of crime.
He was "single-handed and alone," and
he held up four sturdy, hard-working men,
each capable of doing him bodily injury
in a hand-to-hand conflict. He Jined them
up against a wall and searched their
clothes for plunder suspected to be hidden
therein.
It is the story of a daylight burglary
one of those the public seldom hears of
unless tlie burglar is caught redhanded.
L. Ravaret, a French artist of considera
ble means, had taken np quarters at 47
Post street, where he occupied a suite
numbered 32, on the second floor, facing
both Kearny and Post streets.
Tuesday M. Ravaret left his apartment,
and during his absence of a few hours
some miscreant visited the place and car
ried off $62 in coin, a lady's plush ci<pe
valued at $45, a gold necklace, a pair of
opera glasses and a field glass. Other ar
ticles were likewise purloined, making a
total value of nearly $fiOO.
Ravaret's rooms were not exactly broken
I into, for the burglar did his work in a
neat manner, evidently having either
picked the lock or else gained an entrance
through one of the windows. The police
were notified immediately of the theft by
Mrs. Tracy, the landlady, and the only
I detective available was sent to the scene.
There was no clew, strange to say. But,
in the absence of one, there were four
painters busily engaged painting the out
ward walls. They were high up in the air
on platforms strung from the housetop by
ropes, and they were industriously attend
ing to business.
At 6 o'clock in the afternoon the painters
"knocked-off" work.
Their ordinary street clothes were stored
away on the third lioor in a closet the
landlady had given them the privilege to
use. It was there that the policeman
awaited their coming.
"Throw up your hands," shouted the
representative of the detective force.
"What's the matter now?" asked Charles
Warnick, who had arrived first to cast off
his overalls.
A. W. Franklin, Robert Burns and P. J.
Lennon were close behind Warnick and
with h ; m were deeply interested in solving
what tne policeman was aiming at.
Not for a second did they dream that
j they were suspected of being burglars. As
j a matter of fact they knew nothing about
1 the rifling of Ravaret's rooms. Bui they
j had to take their medicine and be lined up
| against the wall and systematically
searched by the policeman.
Of course nothing but their own prop
erty was found upon their persons. The
I men are representative members of the
! Painters' Union, men of family, highly re-
I speeted wherever known, and the experi
ence was so ludicrous to them tiiey hava
not yet had time to get angry.
Thomas Downing, their employer,
laughed over the episode when he was
j asked .ibout it yesterday.
NEW TO-PAT. _^^
Your Doctor will tell
you that Cod-liver Oil
will make better, richer
blood, bring back color
to your cheeks and put
on flesh where health
demands it; that Hy-
pophosphites tone up
the nervous system,
relieve exhaustion and
permit healthy activity
of mind* To obtain
these results he will tell
you that you must be
sure to get Scott's
Emulsion, which con-
tains the purest Cod-
liver Oil and the largest
amount of Hypophos-
phites happily united by
its own peculiar process
and producing results
which no other Emul-
sion can promise*
Writ's Into "TeEetaiilß PI "
Are acknowledged .by thousands ' of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
Hlt'K HEADACHE, GIDIiIN'KSS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, l'imples, and
purify the blood. •
Grossman's SDSciflcMixtnra
'With this remedy persons can euro themselve*
without the' least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to . business. The medicine
contains nothing that la of. the least injury to tua
constitution. Ask your drussiat lor it. trice *1 *
bottleWHO ASSESSES
THE FRANCHISES?
Siebe's Deputies Disclaim
Responsibility for
Neglect.
RULES OF THE OFFICE.
Why the Assessor Personally
Receives Corporation
Statements.
WALLACE SPRINGS A SENSATION
Declares That Kelly and Mahoney
are S ekins to Revenge Them
.yes en X.m.
road was not conspicuously rep
lay at the trial of Assessor
.. before J\ cc. In
SLPERIOR JIDGE TROIT HEEKLT TAKES THE STAND.
fact the ■whole day was taken up witn the
testimony of deputies in the City Hall.
; Electric fines and roadbeds came in for a
prominent part of the day's business and
the deputy assessors who were examined
ail displayed remarkable agility in slip
ping out of any responsibility for having
iiffalected to assess certain properly. Some
interesting details of methods of procedure
in the Assessor's office, were also devel
oped.
Attorneys .nic and Freidenrich were
tbe only prominent legal lights who graced
yesterday's session. Garret McEr.erney
•was present for a few moments when
court opened, bat he soon flitted away as
he had something on hand in .-'an Rafael.
Defendant Siebe sat in silence most of the
iiay, occasionally leaning over to whisper
something in Mr. Freidenrich's ear.
Yesterday's proceedings practically
cosed the prosecution's case. Mr. Clunie
is stiil waiting for Secretary Willcutt's
book, which he expects to get within a
dtty or two. He was willing to rest bis
case to-day, provided he should be allowed
to introduce the book later, but Mr. Siebe's
connsel would not consent. They wanted
Mr. Clunie to finish entirely before they
began • e:r defense, and then Mr. Freid
enrich believes he has discovered a section
in the code which will effectively squelch
Mr. CJunie. According to this section,
unless the defendant consents to a post
ponement, the examination can be post
poned only ior two days at a time, or six
days in all. To-morrow Mr. Clunie will
bring references to refute this section if he
can, and if he cannot the* whole matter
may. end in a fiasco.
In the brief session before Judge Camp
bell, Judge Wallace sprang a mild sensa
tion by declaring that he was led to be
lieve that the proceedings against Assessor
Siebe for perjury in having assessed the
Judge's property below its value, while
nominally aimed at Siebe, was in truth
directed against himself. Furthermore,
he was led to believe that the whole pro
ceeding was an attempt on the part of
Martin Kelly, Jerry Mahoney and others
to revenge .themselves on Judge Wallace
for having sent Ballot-staffer Sternberg to
the penitentiary.
When court opened yesterday morning,
J. C. Tomalty, assistant clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, and as such also of the City
Board of Equalization, testified that no
change was made in the assessment of the
Market-street Railway Company's prop
erty by the Board of Equalization. ■ It was
agreed by counsel on both sides that it
would be allowed without introducing
testimony that John D. Siebe is the regu
larly elected Assessor, and that this City
and County is a duly organized corpora
tion.
Deputy Assessor Briggs was then sworn
and testified that he assessed the property
of the company. In determining the value
he took into consideration the cost,
market value and the income it yielded.
He did not include the value of the road
bed, for he did not consider that as real
estate. In .considering the value of the
property he assessed he considered its
market value what it would bring at
forced sale. ,
Mr. Clunie called the witness' attention
to a lot on Seventeenth and Castro streets,
4^xo3 feet, which he had assessed at $2400.
A lot on Folsom street, near Fourth, he j
estimated to be worth about $75 a front
foot and the 50-vara lot on the corner of I
Washington and Mason streets, on which
the power-house of the Powell-street line
is situated, at $12,500.
In determining the value of the various |
pieces of real estate he considered the
prices which neighboring pieces of prop
erty Eold lor and also confuted local real i
' estate dealers— Mr. Magee, Mr. Fisher,
Mr. Toy and others.
Then Mr. Freidenrich took "Witness
Briggs in nand and asked him some ques
tions about cable lines; witness had vis
ited the power- houses and other proper
ties of the Mission-street electric road, ex
amined the material, ascertained its cost,
and took into consideration the cost of
labor and the tie?. The roadbed, wnich
witness aid not include in his calculations,
ije understood to mean everything be
th the surface.
Then he turned around and said he had
assessed the roadbed, and that when he
! had told Mr. Clunie he nad not assessed
it, he meant the real estate, the land on
| which the tracks were laid.
From the rather confusing question of
roadbeds. Attorney Freidenrich turned
; the attention of the witness to the assess
ment of some of the items of property of
the electric roads.
Mr. Siebe's assessment of the various
items were 10 percent greater than the
figures submitted to him by the railroad.
Witness had also examined the cost of
! construction of electric lines in the East.
He found by comparison that his figures
were about (2000 per miie hig"her than of
the Eastern ro.:
Then Mr. Freidenrich came back to the
roadbed question. The witness stated
that he had assessed pverything above
ground. Besides these items he also took
into consideration the buildings and fixed
' machinery. The roadway, which he un
derstood as tba franchise, he had not as
sessed. If, however, roadways were con
strued to include track.-, etc., then he bad
partially assessed it.
Real estate values again came up for
• consideration. Tne witness had refigured
the entire assessable real estate in the City
in 1592 and had raised the ola figures to
the extent of some $32,000,000. The prop
erty of the Market-street Railway Com
pany had been assessed the same as other
property — witness assessed property not
persons. He made no discrimination in
making his assessments, so if all other
property in the City was assessed a: its
true value the property of the railway
1 coin; - was also.
In making his assessments Mr. Siebe
always consulted his deputies; it would
be impossible for him to personally exam
ine all property in the City. "It would
take the Assessor two years to personally
examine all assessed property in the City,"
declared Mr. Brijrgs.
At the time of the assessment in 1895
the various roads in the City were in a
state of transformation and change. Wit
ness, however, was only directly con
cerned with the electric roads.
In regard to the usual action of the
County Board of Equalization Mr. Briggs
acknowledged that they rarely altered ex
cept when complaints were made. Applica
tions were neve"r made to have assessments
raised. The State board had, however,
raised Mr. Briggs' assessment some $38,
-000,000. Then in the following year the
Assessor raised the roll $33,000,000.
Mr. Briggs exhibited considerable un
familiarity with methods used in the
Assessor's office for one who had been in
the ofh'ce for six years. As a rule, how
ever, Assessor Siebe himself took charge
of the assessment of the large corporations
and downtown merchants. ""This was be
cause it required a man of considerable
knowledge to assess these large business
properties.
Once more the roadbed question came
up. The roadway and roadbed, witness
thought, were included in the franchise.
Unless Mr. Siebe had included these
values in the franchise the roadway and
roadbed had not been included in the
roll.
After some further questions by Mr.
Cluniein regard to the witness' inquiries
as to the cost of construction of the elec
tric roads, and some more questions by
Mr. Freidenrich about the roadbed, the
court adjourned until 2 o'clock.
At the opening of the afternoon session
George Tyroll, Deputy Assessor in charge
of the mortgage department, was called to
the stand. In answer to Mr. Clunie's
question as to who had charge of the cor
porations that were formed he replied that
he thought Mr. Siebe had. Deputy Tyroll
said that he had made up his books from
information received from the Recorder's
office. \Vitness also kept a chattel-mort
gage book. Deputy Tyro!! was then sent
to the Recorder's office to get the books
containing record of certain transactions
in which the Market-street Railway Com
pany figured.
Chief Deputy Assessor Hugo Herzer was
meanwhile put on the stand. Deputy
Herzer said that he had general charge of
employes of the Assessor's office, and haa
made out the rules governing the Deputy
Assessors. He had nothing to do with the
assessment of the Market-street Railway
Company in IS9o. The deputies, he said,
start out on the first Monday in March,
and make their first round through their
districts, leaving blanks and collecting
them whenever the property-owners are
ready. The deputies made their second
round to collect the statements, and if
they were not handed in then an arbitrary
assessment trad made.
1 The rule of the office is that statements
must be sworn to before the deputy. If a
man comes to the Assessor's office, either
the Assessor or a deputy swears him.
There have been instances where state-
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 189 G.
ments have been sworn to before a notary.
In fad Mr. Herzer had never refused to j
accept a statement sworn to before a j
notary. If the property-owner appeared j
in person, the deputy would probably ;
have sworn him even if the statement had j
been sworn to before a notary.
Witness did not remember being pres
ent when Mr. Ryan presented his assess
ment?, and did not participate in any
investigation of the property of the Mar
ket-street Railway Company.
The general cusiom was for persons pre
senting statements to give them to depu- \
ties in the outer office. Quite a number,
however, presented their statements per-
SonaOj to Assessor Siebe. He denied that
only large property-owners and repre
sentatives of corporations presented their
statements to the Assessor in person. The
rule was that alt statements of over $2000
were submitted to Mr. Siebe for personal
investigation. If a statement was consid
ered too low it was invariably referred to
a deputy. In the case of the Market
street Railway Company there was not the ]
usual entry on the statement stating that
the amount in the statement was too low.
No arbitrary assessment, which is ordi
narily made in April, was nude of the
railway company's property. Statements
were received up to the end of July last :
year on account of tne delay in the assess
j ing caused by the new law that went into
j effect last year, although the law requires
i that they shall all be in by the first Mon-
I day in July.
He knew of no deputy in the office other '
j than Mr. Bripgs who had made an invesii
: gation of the property in question. He
| knew of no subpenas being issued upon
the railway company as the law would re
quire in such a case. Such a subpena
might, however, have been issued by Mr.
Siebe.
The witness knew nothing of the assess
ment of franchises. He knew of no rule \
for such assessment; in fact, he knew
there was no such ru!e. Tne Assessor him
self had charge of the assessment of ali
franchises in this City. He dirt not know
of any deputy having investigated the ■
matter.
During the busy season of 1595 witness !
said Mr. Siebe was at the office continu- ■
ally, all day and often late into the night,
during which time Witness Herzer was
generally with Siebe. but he knew of no
investigation having been made by the
Assessor.
Mr. Briggs had told the witness that he
(Briggs) was to investigate all the Market
street railway lines, but further than this
witness knew nothing of the matter.
In explanation of the course of the As- '■
sessor's deputies in not collecting taxes
according to the new law, which went into
effect in March, 1885, witness stated that j
the necessary receipt books had not been
obtained umil May 5 of that year.
Depnty Tyroll returned with an armful
of booKs from the Recorder's office and
was again put on the stand. A book con
taining an entry of a deed of trust from
the Market-street Railway Company to
the Union Trust Company, dated July 12,
1890, was submitted by Mr. Clunie in evi
dence.
Judge Wallace at this juncture inter
rupted tbe witness to inquire of Mr.
Ciunie what he intended -to prove by all
this testimony. Ciunie contended that
these records would snow various transac
tions of tbe railway company, issuing
bonds, etc., which Siebe must have known
of and which should have prompted him j
to make investigation of the company's
property, aud that having tailed to do so, \
the Assessor haa neglected his duty. After
delving further into the records, De; u:y
Tyroll was asrain sent downstairs for some
of the ponderous tomes of the Recorder's
office, necessary for the farther eniiehten
ment of the court.
Chief Deputy Herzer returned with his
book of franchises and his rules for the
employes in the Assessor's office. The rules
j made no provision in regard to the assess
ment of franchises.
Mr. Clunie here announced that he had
finished his case, except producing the
books that Secretary Willcutt refused to
brine belore the court. Mr. Ciunie was
willing to rest his case here, provided he
might later produce the books when the
DEPUTY ASSESSOR 6EOROE IYROLL TALKS OF FRANCHISES.
Supreme Court should have decided the
contempt matter.
Judge Troutt was sworn and said that
be had administered the oath to Mr. Siebe
as to the contents of the affidavits to the
assessment roll.
Mr. Cluuie again stated that be, was
through, witn the exception of presenting
Mr. Wilicutt's books. Mr. Siebe had ex
pressed himself as anxious to brine the
book into court, and all that was now nec
essary to do was for Mr. Siebe to consent
to a continuance until the Supreme Court
renders a decision in the matter.
Then Mr. Freidennch triumphantly pro
duced a section from the Penal Code which
he thought would effectively squelch
Clunie, although Attorney Ireidenrich
did not express it quite that way.
According to the section read, "the ex
amination must be completed at one ses
sion, unless the magistrate, for good
causes shown by atfidavit, postpone it.
The postponement cannot be for more
than two days at each time nor more than
-ix iiays in all, unless by consent or on
motion cf defendant."
Mr. Siebe's attorney declined to agree to
a postponement and the case was adjourned
until to-day at lOo'clock, when Mr. Clnnie
Will attempt to show that the law quoted
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS-
AT CLEARANCEPRIGESi
As the result of our GREAT SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE our
Bargain=Day patrons are enabled to select from a variety of stylish and
seasonable lines at
Tremendous Reductions from Actual Values!
LACES! LACES! LACES!
AT MB-TBU OFREGlllli TEICES.
At 5 Cents a Yard.
1364 pieces Butter Point Venise, Cream
Normandy, Valenciennes, Black and j
Cream Chantilly, Torchon and Valen-. !
ciennes Laces, regular price 10c and ;
12% c. reduced to 5c a yard.
At 10 Cents a Yard.
1569 pieces Black, Butter and Cream Chan-
tilly and Applique, Black Bourdon, ■
Butter Irish Point, Normandy Valen-
ciennes and Oriental Lace?, regular
price 2Cc, 25c and 30c, reduced to 10c a
yard.
At 15 Cents a Yard.
14S0 pieces Black, Cream and Butter Chan-
tilly and Applique, Black Net-Top :
Bourdon, Butter and Ivory Lierre and
Oriental. Black Chantilly Gaifmre and
Linen Shade Batiste Insertions, regu-
lar price 30c and 35c, reduced to 15c a !
yard.
At 20 Cents a Yard.
1231 pieces Butter and Ivory Lierre and ■
Oriental, Ivory, Cream," Butter and
Black Chan tilly, Black Bourdon and
Chantilly Guipure, Ivory, Butter and
Black Applique Laces, regular price
45c, 50c and COc, reduced to 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
1046 pieces Butter, Ivory and Black Ap-
plique Chantilly; Butter and Ivory
Lierre and Oriental; Black Net-Top;
Bourdon and Chantilly Guipure Laces ; i
Applique Lace in black groun d, em- !
broidered Butter, regular price 6"5 c, 75c
and foe. reduced to 25c a yard.
At 35 Cents a Yard.
532 pieces Butter, Ivory, Cream and Black
-Applique; Black, Cream and • Butter
Chantilly, Ivory and Butter Liarre and
Oriental Laces, regular price 90c and
$1, reduced to 35c a yard.
At 50 Cents a Yard.
649 pieces Black, Cream and Butter Chan-
tilly, Ivory and Butter Lierre and Ori-
ental, Butter, Ivory and Black Ap-
• pliqne Lace, regular price $1 25 and
?1 50, reduced to 50c a yard.-
Ijl/ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
by Mr. Freidenrich limiting the time of
postponement of such an examination is
invalid or inapplicable in this case.
WALLACE INDIGNANT.
Claims That Mar-In Kelly Is at the
Bottom of the Second Sieba
Perjury Case.
Judge Wallace was the oniy witness ex
aminc-ti yesterday afternoon in ihe second
Siebe perjury case before Judge Campbeil.
Attorney Bagpett bad called nira back to
the stand to explain how it was that a fur
niture appraiser, sent by Judge Wallace's
consent to estimate the value of the furni
ture in tii6 Wallace residence, had besn
refused admittance by those present at the
house.
Jud^e Wallace remembered having given
his consent to the appraisement of his fur
' niture wnen last on the stand, but he
added li at s-ince ihen he bad learned cer
tain facts that put a different phase on the
matter.
"When I promised to allow my furni
ture to be examined, I ' said the Judge, "I
believed that this action was a bonafide
matter, and I wished to do all in mv
rower to brine out the truth. Fiom vari
ous reports I have since heard I have
reason to believe that while tnis action is
nominally against Mr. Siebe it has been
really directed against myself.
•Furthermore. I understand that it is
being conduced by Martin Kelly and
Senator Mahoney to nvensre themselves on
me for baring sent Stern oprg. the ballot
stuffer, to the penitentiary. Having heard
this. I naturally do not care to adiait to
: my house a man who may have been sent
by Kelly and his crowd.
'"As a matter of fact, however, I had given
j no orders to exclude any one from my
residence. My wife would not allow the
man to go tlironph the house, and now
that I have heard who is at the bottom of
i this affair I siiail not permit anybody to
: go through the house."
i Attorney Baggeu denied haying any
HOSIERY AND_pDERWEAR!i
At 15 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED COT-
TON HOSE, double knees, heels and '
toes, and warranted fast black, sizes 6
to 9 inches, reduced from 25c.
At 15 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON
HOSE, double heels and toes, Herms- |
dorf black, worth 25c, will be closed j
oat at 15c a pair.
At 20 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' BLACK LISLE THREAD
HOSE, high-spliced heels ana toes,
guaranteed fast and stainless black,
reduced from 33 1 ,r.
At V2y % Cents Each.
LADIES' SWISS RIBBED ECRU COT- ,
TON VESTS, low neck and sleeveless,
fancy braided neck and armlets, re-
duced from 20c.
At 50 Cents Each.
BOYS' NATURAL GRAY SANITARY
WOOL SHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
warranted non-shriukable, reduced i
from 75c.
lUiiOiiilo. Lunoililo!
At 60 Cents Each.
LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra long
waist, high bust, two side steels, black
and drab, reduced from $1.
EMBROIDERIES!
At 10 Cents a Yard.
1492 pieces CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND
SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERIES,
regular price 15c and 20c, reduced to lOe
a yard.
At 15 Cents a Yard.
1374 pieces CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND ;
SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERIES,
regular price 25c and 30c, reduced to 15c j
a yard.
EEMNANTSTJEMNANTS !
At Half Price.
All REMNANTS of EMBROIDERIES and i
LACES will be closed out at half price.
\g.[J Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
knowledge that Kelly was at the bottom
of the-rnatter.
At this, point Judge Campbell took occa- |
sion to say that the Examiner Had pub
lished an editorial severely criticizing his
attitude in the matter. His Honor denied
having any knowledge that Kelly was con
nected with the case.
Attorney Baggett asked Judge Wallace
l some questions about the money he had
| in the bank at various time*, as shown by
I Agent Guelman's testimony the other
! day. He didn't know . that he had any
| money In bank at the time the assessment
i rolls for the various years were made out.
None of the entries in Giselman's books
: showed the amount he had on the first
! Monday of March in any year.
"I aon't keep track of money matters,"
I said the Judge. "1 never understood the
scientific way the banks had of keeping
j book?, and often my Dankbook was not
balanced for years at a time. My family
drew checks at will, and I never knew
! wlien my account was overdrawn. Mr.
Murphy of the First National Bank told
me to get what money I wanted, ana I
never kept track of my'status at the bank.
••The books of Mr. Qiselman show that
at the end of February and tne end of
March I had money to ray credit in the
bank. Very of ten/however, although hav
ing money at the end of the month I
would frequently be overdrawn within a
week afterward. How common this was
with me can be seen by a note I received
from Mr. Murphy of the bank statin? that
early in March of the years when Mr. < iis*»l
man's booKs showed I had money to
j my credit at the end of February my ac
count was overdrawn, in 1 SIM $110 34, in
1896 $2952 79, and in 181*5 $13,0<>S 73."
In response to further questions by Mr.
Baggett, the Judge paid that he was no
expert on furniture values, but that he al
ways gave in his tax statement everything
he knew or thought of. He never had any
thing to do with the insurance; Mr. Gisel
! man attended to that. Furthermore, he
had nothing to do with the property of
Mrs. Sprague, which was stored in "his
house.
In regard to a reputed loan to the Spring
Valley Water Company he ?aid that he
had loaned it, for a few months, the sura ]
of $150,000, which he had realized from the ■
sale of his Pacific Bank stock. As soon as j
he found a suitable investment, however, j
he put the money into real estate.
T*he real estate* experts whom Attorney j
Bacgett had expected not being present, j
Judge Campbell adjourned court until I
Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock, when \
i Judge Wallace will have obtained from i
j the bank figures showing the amount of ]
money he had in bank on the tirst Monday j
in March of the years l -0 to I£o3 inclusive.
NEW TO-DAY."
■ ; Hr4tttl
j
There are other good
metal (brass and enamel; j
beds, but only one Adams:
& Westiake's.
California Furniture Compaxi
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117 Geary Street. ]
■■- ■ :
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
At 35 Cents.
50 dozen 5-HOOK TNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in mode and tan shades,
sizes 6%, V, 114l l 4 and 8, regular price 75c,
reduced to 33c a pair.
At 55 Cents.
10*2 dozen 8-BTJTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETA I RE I'ND RES S E D KID
GLOVES, in medium and tan shades,
regular t<rice $1, reduced to 55c a pair.
At 65 Cent=.
124 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large
buttons), black embroidered back, in
white, cream and butter, regular price
?1, reduced to 65c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
105 dozen 5-BUTTON KID- GLOVES, in
medium and tan shades, also black,
regular price fl, reduced to 65c a pair.
At SO Cents.
142 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID
GLOVES (large buttons), in red, tan,
brown, navy and mode shades, also
black, regular price $1 25, reduced to
80c a pair.
At $1.00.
101 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES (larse buttons), in
red, brown, English red and tan shades,
regular price ?1 50, reduced to £1 a pair.
PARASOLS ! PARASOLS !
At $3.00.
LADIES' FANCY PARASOL-, in shaded
stripes ana fancy borders, value $5, will
be closed out at |3 each.
At $1.50.
LADIES' 22-INCH SUN SHADES, in
celluloid handles, gloria silk, Daragdn
frame, value $2, wiil be closed out at
?1 50 each.
Murphy Building, /
Marts! aorl Jones Streets.
BIG REDUCTION 19 RATES BY RAIL
T0.... j
3F»C>^.1 llljAffrX3.1 IljAffrX3. OR. |
': . ; ■• ' ' " ; Xl j^"gffi i
SUNDAY JUNE 7 J
.Ami Every Fifth Day Thereafter. !
Leave from 8. P. Co.'a Ferry landing, foot . !
of Market St.. at 8 p. m. ;
An f% n— Including Berth in Pullman Toar- i
OOiUU Ist Sleeper. i
....ALSO.... :..:-
-; First-das? tickets, including berth In Q1 fi.oo
Pullman -Standard Sleeper.. OIU !
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*-
per.zer* at intermediate station*, nor will tickets 09
I jioid or bagca^e ehoftee 1 to sucn points.
! g-gf- Through Tickets for Pa^et Sound j
j Point? on Sale at Reduced Rates. j
j For luriber information a >ply at ■
613 MARKET --iKKhI (Grand Hotel I
Ticket Office), tan Francisco. i
BICHAKDGKAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
I Gen. Traflic Mi,t. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOrTHKRS PACIFIC CO3IPAXT.
(PACIFIC SVSTEJI.)
't i »l«« Ifnvp nml are tint* to hi rlir «l j
I man nt.v.Misco.
i ,
i LEAVE — FHOH ■••..V 3. 18W. — ARRIT»
; '•C:OOa Nii Kan Jcse and W»y Station 3 . .. : 15 A
*:««* Atlantis Kxpress. u^U-ii a!«l l.as*,. S:«p !
7:00 a ii i:\-ia. Vacarille. liumscy. Sacra- !
j tao:::o. find Redding via IJaTia.... 6:43 j
7:00 a Martinez, San lisinca, Napa. C&lig- !
to^a ai.il Santa Rosa 6:13p
8:30 a Xi - .San Ji*p, - ..ton. IOLe.
Sacramento, Blarysrilie. Ue<l ltlnff
and Sunday? execpted OroTillo ... 4:isp
•8:30 a Ptters ami MUtoa..... «7:13r
9:oi»a Los Angeles Express. Fresno. Santa
BuUmiaj l-o» Angelt-s 4:45p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10-I.la
9:00 a Vallejo 6:15p
I:OOp Nii, ... San Josoaail I.ivcruiore «:4r>\
: •l:OOp Saosatarto Kirer Steamers :. *M:OOp
fl:3l)r Port Costa ami Way Stations ri:43r
4:oor.M.:ii;jKZ. San lUmon, Vailejo, j
N.;]a. Calistosa, 111 Verauo and
Santa IJosa »:1»a
tlttr 111 lillin. VacavUle, Wooillaml,
KnlgbU laiKiinc, MaryfTiiie.
Ororille ami Kacrameuto I»:-»5a >
4:3*p Kiles, San Jose, larermore and
.Stoc'utou 7:13p
4:SOpMeToeJ, Ucrrnda, Raymond (for
Yosemitc) .-vnd Fresno 11t4*4
■rMrVcnrOttou j:xi)n.-53.Fresno.Caiers-
tiv. 1. SanUi I:. iii-i.il k,lxia Angeles,
. . Deming, El l'aso. New Orleans and !
- East 1»:1*a ,
5:00p Sa::t:v To Route, Allautic Kxprt-ss ;
for ?.lojaTe and Cist 10:1.1 a i
3:»0p Vallejo 11:45*
6:00 1* European Mail. O^leit acd I^3t 9:43 a
6:UOp Iliiynai.ls, :;il, » .San Jons 7:45 a ;
1 }7:0«p Vallejo 17:43p ■
7:00r Orecnn i;imv«<.S»fnin.enfo, Mar i-
* \iii-.'. 1! ''.'.■ if. I'ottlantl, I'uget
Soiiihl r.na I',-i.st IC:43a
j SAM A (ItlZ DIVISION (Narrow tjinife^
i J7:43a Santa Cruz ExTnrsion. Pauta Cnu
oad Prtacipil Way Station JB:«3p ,
S:lsa N. ■.- -.:.:.-. i'- .:. • .-• . .l..se.Fclton,
Boulder Crcck.SintaCruzand Way
btatious Oj3«p :
•2:15p Newark. CenterTilic, San Jose, Nr^T
Almailcn, Felton, Boulder Creelt,
Hants Cmi ami Principal Way
Stations- •!! i«Oa
, 4:15p Nt-r.ar*: H~.n .lose sad ].o.i Katos !):^>i
i COAVI DIVISION (liiinl A Tu«w<r«nl Sis.).
! •G:4sa Si .lose an<l \V«y >; ;l :i (New
Aimailci Wc<lnes(3ays only) # l:4Sp |
J7:3Oa Sunday Kicursion lor Sin J' '0.
fcsicta (. r.:z. Pacific GroTe, and
I"riacipal Way Stations 18:23p i
• :13a San Jnsc, Trci Piitos, KanUCrnc,
;-... i ; I'acilic OroTe. Paso IN ' :•?. fiau
l.:iis Oliiciin. Ooadalctpe ami r.-in-
eJpnl Way ■-'■■■■ ... 7:©3p
:9i47a Palo Alto aad V.*ayf-U!i0z5........ U:4sp :
IO:t()\ h'an JosaruMl Way Stations .l:OOp i
] I 1:45 a Palo Alto cml Way Stations a:3op ,•
• •2:30;-.- ■ *, Gilrny, Trci Pieos, Sant\
Cntt, Sai;aa?.Mcnti-j-py aiHl Pacil'.c
<;rnT O »IO:4Oa
•3::ior BauJewaadPrincinaJ AVayUtatious 9:17*
•4:3orEan Joao ami Way .Statiom *H:OG*
s:3<»p Sou Jme ami Way .5tati0a5......... *S:-JSa
G::st»rSan Josoaud Way Statious.... H:"">k
tll;-15i» San .lofcan-'. Way Stations ..... t":4.~>p
, s.\> LKAM>Kt» AM* HAHVAKDn LU«:.\L.
; i»S:WO\ "1 ( 7:13 a
H:O«A • t»l*»A
j lS:«a. Melrwe, Seminary Park, \iWZt
I *"!oop j FlteMmrftSMleamlw 18:45p
3:00p I a-d . 4:J">p
•3:00? >■ H * - i 3: Jop
.1:OOr . n lir ..j t «rls;> ;
7:'Jop ' ■ t»:4-1p j
j>:'<Kip t Runs through to Xiles. lolsop'i
I ttll:l3pj » From Kilea. M»12:O«? I
.CREEK ROUTE FERRY. '■
I frsa SAS FHISCISC0 — Foot «f Jtirket Street (ttf I —
•7:16 0:C0 11:00 a.V. U:33 *2::0 (840
[ *i:OQ ■. ts.-co *6::0 p.«.
I rroaOlEUEß— Foot erßrwdwij.— *C:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 •MO . J2:03 *3:SO tI:CD
' *3:33r.n. . . ' . . '
A for Morning. « . P fox Afternoon.
• Sundays exceptetl. t Saturday* only.
I •Snmiays executed. t Sundays only. 1 -Saturdays only.
| Sncdays only.
_It Monday. Thursday ai.'l Saturday nights only. . <
| BOYS' AND MEN'S WEAR !
At 25 Cents.
! ISO dozen BOYS' CALICO and CHEVIOT
WAISTS, sizes 4 to 12, will be closed
out at 25c each.
At 10 Cents.
I 120 dozen MEN'S ALL-SILK TECKS and
FOUR-IN-HANDS, latest style, will be
closed out at 10c each, recuiar price 25c
and 35c. • '
- At 25 Cents.
I IGO dozen MEN'S NEGLIGEE OVER-
SHIRTS, in fancy stripes, black satsen
and black stripe sateen, will be closed
out at 25c each, regular price 50c.
j At 55 Cents.
A larpe quantity of MEN'S SANITARY
WOOL UNDERSHIRTS and DRAW-
ERS, ail sizes, regular price $2 "a suit,
will be closed out at sqc each garment.
At $1.00.
65 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED IM-
PORTED VICUNA MERINO UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, regu-
lar price $3 a suit, will be closed out at
$1 a garment. •, °-W, :
LADIES' SUMMER WAISTS !
! Onr recent GIGANTIC PURCHASE of
Ladies' Summer Waists, comprising all the
newest fashionable shapes in SILK AND
WASHABLE FABRICS, will be cleared
! out at about half price.
PARASOLS !_PARASOLS!
, At 75 Cents. . •
' CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in satin and
gloria silk, reduced to 75c each.
At $1.50.
! LADIES FANCY PARASOLS, in striped
taffeta, value $2 50, will be closed out
at $1 50 each.
mil Murphy Building, j
Market anil Jones Streets.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
SI\FRi\CISCO \ORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAT!*-7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a.m.: 12-33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5(J
end 1 1 :3O p. if.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 M.; 1:30, 3:39,
5:00. 6 -JO P. M.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:10. 11-10 A it-
su *s*mVsp 35 »;. 9:aa> 11:1 ° A - "•' 1:40> S:4a
Between San Francisco and Schnetten Park same
schedule as above.
San Francisco. : Tn«frmt i San Arrive
Pan francisoo. j^Si% : - San
i'AVS. IIAVS. , PAYS. I>AVS.
7:30am!7::J0 am! Novaro, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm. 9:30 am| FetAluma, 6:05 in 10:10 A if
5:10 p*i s:oo Simla I'.osa. 7:30 pmj 0:15 m
_ -~ Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 a*
Heaidaburg,
Geyserrille,
3:30 7:30 am Cloverdale. I 7:3opm 6:lsptc
| 1-ieta,
7:30 am Hopland * 10:10 am
3:3opm i 7:3oam Ikiah. I 7:30 6:15 p*
7:30 am I '• " 10:10 am
7:30 am Gnerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm; i I 6:15 pm
7:30 am I'M) am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 I'M 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
! Gl»n KSIPn. j
7:30 am, 7 SebEJ , tono] 110:40 am 10:10 am
3:30 pm!5:00 pm| [ 605 p>< j 6:15 *
Stag?! connect at Santa Kosa lor Mark West
Springs; at Geyaerrille for *fca*pi Springs; at
tloverdale for th» Geysers; at Pletafor Hi^alainl
Springs. Kelseyvllle. Soda Hkv and i.afceport: at
liopland for Lakeport and Kan e;t Springs; at
I'kiah lor Vichy >vr:v.z*, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes. Laurel Cell Lake, Upper La»e. Porno. Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Lieriey's. Bucknell's, >an-
hedrin Heights. Ilul!v:l;.-. Kroner IU-. Green
wood. Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort
Bra?c Westpor:, Usal. Wiliets, Canto, Cove!*,
Laytonville, Harris. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
ratt s.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be-
yond San P.afsel at naif rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market St., Chronicle hulliina.
H.C.WHITLXO. R. X. RT AN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic I *iiiisD££!* s \
RAILROAD \t^r-^^^^?
Trains leare from and arrive
a: 2i»rjcei-street Ferry. t^J^^s^n^JTE!
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. m.. carrylni PollmaTi
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas city »i; ho chaaga. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis.
Hie i-uiu.vr >-.M.V FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
tilth the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
tbroueh 'o destination.
The best railway from California to the Kirn:.
New rails, new ties: no dusi; interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's d;nin«-roum-i.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
, Chronicle Rnlldine.
50RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via S'tu.alito Ferry).
From Saa Francisco, coinrn* ii in* March 29» 18*4
WEEKDAYS.; .
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *8-00
•9.15 10:15, 11:45. a. m.: -1:45, 3:10, 4:15,
5:15. »B:0o. .35 p. m.
Extra trips ior San Kafael on Mondays, W*dM»
aayi and Saturday* at 1 1 -.30 p. m.
. v "SUNDAYS.
Fn Mill Valley and San Rafael -*8:00, *9:00,
•10:00. 11:3Ua. M.;»»li:8J. '1:30, •2:15, *4:0O,
6:30. 6:45, 8:30 p.m. Eiira trip to B&DcalUoai
11 «0 a. 11. -•:■■■
Trains marked * run to S«a Qnentln. ••12:3*
. r. M. does net run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1 :4.1 P. M. weekdayo— Cazadi-ro and way station*
B*o A. M. Sundays— Ca^ajero end nay station*.
9JW *■■ v. buadityt-Foiat Reyes aaa w».vs:»;loa»
910
PERILOUS FALL
OF AN AERONAUT.
A Terrible Tumble Taken
by a Most Courageous
Man.
HE HUNG BY HIS TEETH
Emil Markeberg Sailed Through
the Air on Sunday
Night
HE IS LAID UP FOR KEPAIRS
Nothing Ever Frightened Him, but
a Night Balloon Ascension and
Drop Proved His Waterloo.
Sunday night Emil Markeberg was hurt
for the first time. He is a balloonist, and
for fifteen years has been making a busi
ness of going up in the air and taking haz-
This Is the Way Emil Markeberg Defied Death Sunday Afternoon. Snnday
Night He Was Tossed About by the Wind, His Parachute Closed Three limes
and He Was Dashed Between Uo Houses. Breaking His Pelvic Bone.
ardous parachute leaps at all time"3 of th«
day.
Hanging by the teeth he ascended last
Saturday and Sunday afternoons, cut loose
and landed safely.
At 10 o'clock Sunday evening the big
balloon left the ground on Haight street
with Markeberg haneini; to . the trapeze.
The night was dark, the wind high and a
nasty haze prevailing.
The searchlight was turned on him and,
twisting, turning, tumbling, he shot up,
hanging by his trapeze, into the air.
He had some ronian candles tied to the
belt in the hoop above him. and with the
lighted cigar that he calmly puffed as he
left the ground he fired them. The red,
blue and white sparks dropped to the
ground, and the man manipulating the
searchlight wondered at his unusual dar
ing.
He cut away, the high wind struck his
parachute and he was carried over half a
mile. He was dashed between two houses
on Devisadero street and broke the left
side of his pelvis. He was seen yesterday
at the German Hospital and told of his
experience. He said: "I never took such
a ion*; drop before The searchlight fol
lowed me well, but I had an ambition to
make a wonderful night ascension. When
I went up on Tuesday night it was moon
light and it was easy to see the ground A
night ascension had never been given be
fore in San Francisco, and as the first one
was a success and I knew that Deuple in
terested in ballooning had their eyes on
me, I delayed cutting 100-e.
"I was up a bout 3000 feet, lost the search
light and pulled the cutaway rope. The
knife did its business and I shot down at
least 500 feet before the parachute opened.
The night air is cold, soggy &nd does not
possess the buoyancy of that of the day
time.
"Then the wind hit the parachute on
the side. . It almost closed completely.
Such a sensation I had never experienced
before. I had time to think, because Ido
my mast active thinking when I am up in
the air for the four or five minutes occu
pied in an ascension. I had passed over
the four blocks of vacant land near the
-tluites and Knew that I would come down
imonest houses. The wind was so high
that. I almost fancied I would strike
against the dome of the city hall that I
have seen so often during my daylight as
::ervsions. . *
"Bui suddenly there came a downsweep
and I just skimmed a telegraph wire.
The niuht was black as pitch, with an elec
-nc light shininz about three blocks away.
[ prepared for the worst and w;ts rushed
>e.tween two houses, six teet apart. I fell
,wo stories, but did not let go of my
xapeze-bar. The parachute tumei inside
jut and I was banned up against a stair
way. I kept the cigar between my teeth
rod knew that at last I had been hurt. A
gentleman came down from the house
rich his niclitgown Btuffed in his pants
md wanted to know where I had come
'rom. It didn't take him lone to find out.
The doctor says that I will be laid up for a
ong time, but when I get well 1 am will
nir to take the sam-> risks ver again."
Out at the German Hospital, where the
punky little aeronaut is resting, they say
le is not fatally injured, but that he has
xperienoed an injury that will prevent
tim from making parachute jumps for a
ong time to come.
Kxcuralon to t'>oulder Creek.
An excursion of 400 people, under the man
iirementof Colonel Menton, visited Boulder
;reek in the SaniaCruz Mount«ins yesterday,
•he party left the foot of Market street on the
•45 boat and took a special narrow-gauge
train from the Oakland mole. On the down
trip lonff stops were made at several of the
more picturesque spots. At Sunset Park, Glen
wood and Ben Lomond the excursionists were
allowed over thirty minutes for strolls among
redwoods and rambles along the creeks ana
over the flowery hillsides. Stops were also
made at Alma and at Feiton, near the cele
brated big trees. Two hours were spent at
Boulder Creek, and at 4 o'clock the return
trip was begun.
FOOTBALL AT HOME.
An Eggahell Is Uged and Broken Bones
Are Avoided.
An interesting game much played in
Enerland is called "football at home."
It is very simple, though hiehly excit
ing, and has this advantage over many
games, thft the necessaries are for it are
within the reach of all, tue poor as well as
ihe rich. The only apparatus required
consists of an ordinary covered table, four
tumblers and an empty eggshell. The
field is the table and the shell the ball.
Any number of players can take part,
though the best number is five on a side.
The two captains kneel, one at the head of
the table by the right-hand corner, and
the other at 'the foot at the left-hand cor
ner. The players line up on their knees
by the sides of the table.
At each end of the field and a foot or so
from the edge are placed a couple of tum
blers or anything else that would serve for
goalposts, and across the top is stretched a
strip of paper or a ribbon.
Everything being ready the eegshell is
placed in Ihe center of the table and put
into play by Both captains blowing at it.
When it is fairly gome the other players
tackle it with their whistline apparatus,
and each side endeavors to blow the bali
through the other's goal.
The rapid succession of tangents which
the shell takes under this treatment causes
great fun, and the game soon waxes very
exciting. If the ball is blown through a
goal it scores a touchdown, which counts
four points for the victorious side. The I
| captain of this side then takes the ball
! back to the opposite goal and blows it
j across the table, his object being to pass it
through the same goal again. If he suc
ceeds in this it counts two more points for
his side.
Thirty minutes is the time limit of this
i game, and at the expiration of the first fif-
I teen, minutes the two teams exchange posi
i tions.
LAMBS IN SOCIETY.
They Have Become Creatures of Luxury
and Are Forcing Out the Pug Dug.
The lamb has become a feature of New
York society. Not that sort which fre
quents the misnamed club. Not the va
riety whose fleece is invitingly extended
near the stage doors of theaters for harm
less little girls with the downcast eves to
pluck. This is the real lamb, whose name
has been forever linked with that of Mary
by the pastoral roet, says the New York
Journal.
Ii you come to take an early morning
• constitutional in Fifth avenue any pleas
ant day proof of the tamb craze can be
seen. White as snow, with collars adorned
i with tinKling bells, led by silver chains,
generally in the hands of pretty French
maids, the pampered embryo sovereigns of
Ohio tariff ideas gam bol according to Fifth
avenue etiquette.
In one of Fifth avenue's aristocratic
' apartment-houses is a lamb that has a
! maid all to itself. No pugdop was ever
reared in greater luxury. The mysteries
I oi its tcilet are numerous. Nothing, in the
. estimation of its mistress, is 100 i?ood or
■■ expensive for this lamb. The brush and
; comb u^ed in the daily toilet are silver
' mountea, and when the lamb takes its
i meals they are served in sterling silver
j bowls. The daily menu consists of milk
: and a preparation of cooked Indian meal,
sometimes varied by oatmeal.
At night the lamb sleeps in a b&sket
' lined with silk and cotton, at the foot of
! its mistress' bed. The mistressclaims that
'. her pet is much more intelligent than any
dog, and far preferable to a cat as a pet.
If this modern Bopeep should suffpr the
loss of her protege the whole police force
uf New York would be asked to rally to
, the rescue.
He Remembered the Word*.
The words, "in the name of God,
; amen," have through continuous use for
: centuries become such a fixture at the be
i ginning of teatamentary papers that many
; people think a will is not binding unless it
i is supplied with the phrase, a result,
| some amusing things are seen in the last
written expressions of the desires of those
who are looking forward to death.
A will was submitted to the Registrar a
j few days airo that had been penned by the
| testator himself, judging from the charac
! ters in the body of the paper and the sig
'■ nature. The man who was about to de
part this life, as he said in the will, had
j evidently attempted to draw the document
i after the fashion of wills as he remem
berpd them. He omitted the trequently
used words at the beginning, but evidently
remembered something of them at the
I close, and brought them in in the follow
| ing fashion: "I give the balance of my es-
I taie to my son John, his heirs and assigns
j for God's sake, amen." — Washington
Times.
Two United States prisoners were put in
the Norton Connty (Kansas) jail last week.
Within three hours they had taken the
prison clock apart and made saws of the
springs and were working their way
through the steel bars -when the sheriff
dropped in on them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
LOCAL BASEBALL
BEING REVIVED.
New League Grounds Under
Preparation at the
Mission.
GOOD PLAY PROMISED.
Many Old-Time Crackajacks
Will Again Greet the
Public.
SCHEDULE WILL SOON BE OUT.
Three Games by Amateurs and Pro
fessionals Will Bi Played
Every Sunday.
Unless present indications deceive, a
modest-sized boom is imminent in local
baseball circles. Since football has be
come popular within the past few years
many an old-time baseball enthusiast has
lamented the decay of baseball, and has
loosed back longingly at the days when
thousands thronged the Haight-street
grounds and madly shouted for the
Haverlys, the Pioneers or the Greenhood
<fe Morans.
Endeavors are being made to bring back
these halcyon days. The California Base
ball League, consisting of the San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Stockton and San Jose
teams, has secured from the Mechanics'
Institute a five-years' lease of the block
bounded by Folsom, Harrison, Fifteenth
and Sixteenth streets, and is making the
improvements necessary to convert the
lot into an athletic and baseball park.
The whole lot, which is 520x560 feet,
has been leveled, and already nearly a
thousand loads of loam have been spread
over the diamond. It is the intention to
also cover the held with a layer of loam
and plant grass and trees.
A twenty-ioot fence has been put up
around the grounds, effectively protecting
them from the wind. A grand stand, with
a seating capacity of 2000. and bleachers to
accommodate 1500, are now being erected.
On the corner of Folsom and Sixteenth
streets there wiJl be erected a substantial
two-story building, covering a piece of
erround 60x100 leet, in which will be the
ciubroonis, biiiiard-room, bar and players'
reatiing-rooms. Twenty men are "now i
busy at work on the grounds, ai*i they
will be opened for the first game between
the Oaklands and San Franciscos on the
13ih vr 20th of this month.
A. S. Blake, captain of the San Fran
ciscos, is the le>see and manager of the
grounds, and together with Captain Quig
ley of the Stocktons, Captain b'tockwell of
the San Joses, Captain Leonard of the Oak
lands and "Doc" Mindham, an old-time
and popular bsseballist, who is associated
with Mr. Blake in the present undertak
ing, constitute the board of directors.
"Doc" Minunam, when seen yesterday,
was enthusiastic over the outlook for base
ball in this City.
"Prospects were never better," he said.
"Wjp are spending nearly $10,000 on im
provements . ere, and when weget through
we shall have the fine-t grounds in the
City. When we get started we are
to have baseball games here every Satur
day and Sunday, and good baseball, too.
The league teams are composed of good
players, all h"ine talent, among whom are
such weii-known players as Pete Sweeny,
Rube Levy and Pop Swett. All the nines
are exceptionally strong; in fact, San
Francisco never nad a stronger team than
at present. In a practice game with the
Santa Cruz nine lately the San Francisco
team beat them 4 to 0, and there was not
an error on either side.
'•Uunng the coming Santa Cruz carnival,
two days, June 19 and 20, will be set aside
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club. NJnety-first day. Thursday, June 4, i 896. Weather fine.
■Track good.
1 9QK *'IKBT kai'E — Foor furlongs; maiden two-year-olds: allowances; parse $100.
for exhibition baseball games between
San Francisco and Santa Cruz.
"Among the country towns the en
thusiasm is even greater than here. Mana
ger Blake has leased the San Jose baseball
grounds for five years, the Sacramento
grounds for nine years and the Stockion
grounds for five years, besides the grounds
here in the City.
"Besides the professional games there
will also be games between ama ear nines,
the Vroiets, San Francisco Athletic Club,
Clippers, Examiners and others. Every
Sunday three games will be played, ama
teur games at 10 and 11 o'clock and the
professional game at 2 o'clock in the after
noon. Probably by the end of- this week
we will have made out our schedule of the
games for the coming season."
KILLED BY A PIN-PRICK.
The Story of a Man What* Imagination
Caused Hi* Death.
"In my opinion," r> marked the college
professor, who rose from the rank? during
the last war to the position of colonel,
"the imagination of men does more injury
to the cause of courage than all the appli
ances of war yet discovered."
"In other words," caromed a Star re
porter, "if a man didn't think he wouldn't
be afraid of anything?"
"Thai's about it," admitted the profes
sor. "I had a remarkable case happen to
me during the battles around Richmond.
That is to say, it happened to another
man, but I was part of it. It was on a
skirmish line, and 1 was lying behind a
log with two other men — 1 was only a pri
vate then — one of whom was an inveterate
joker and the other was one of the imag
inative kind of soldiers. In fact, he was
so imaginative that he was almost scared
out of his wits, and when the bullets and
shells beL«iTi living through the woods,
cutting off saplings, clippin : limbs all
around us and barking the top of the log
behind which we lay I thought the fellow
would burst a blood vessel or go crazy or
do snme other fool thine unbecoming to a
soldier. Tom, the joker, noticed the man's
terror and called my attention to it.
'Then he reached out and dragged in a
stick out from the tree above us by a bul- |
let, and, fixing a pin in it, proceeded to i
have his fun. The man was at the far end !
of our log, ten feet from Tom, and I was |
just beyond Tom on the other side, and, I I
am free to confess, was nervous enough to j
wonder at Tom's manner at such a time. |
However, I couldn't help watching his }
movements, and actually laughed to see j
him sliding the pin-pointed stick alone j
toward the unsuspecting victim. Having <
got it at the right distance, he waited for !
a smashing volley of bullets, and just as
it came he prodded the soldier in the back
with the pin. Well, it was reailv funny to |
see the chap jump and yell and* roll over,
and we both lairly howled. But it wasn't !
so funny when the man didn't move after i
his first startled action and Tom looked j
around at me in a scared kind of
way. His surprise found expression Tn
an oath, ana he called to the
man. There was no answer and he called j
again with tne same result. Then he
crept over to him and gave him a shake. |
That brought no response either and Tom i
dragged him around io he could see h;s j
face. It was an ashy blue with the eyes •
staring wide open and the man was as '
dead as Julius Caesar with never a mark
on him save, perhaps, that one pin scratch
in hia back."
"I should think your joking friend
COUld never have forgiven himself for that j
cruel joke," suggested the writer.
"I'm sure tie never would have," con- !
eluded the professor, "because Tom was a i
good fellow and a brave soldier, but he '
never had much of a chance to, for when
the next volley came he was on his knees j
beside his dead comrade trying to do i
something for him and his head was just
hiph enough above the log for a shell to '.
clip the whoJe top of it off."— Washington [
Star.
*v« — •
Only One Colonel Left.
"I don't see why you all hold that
bloodthirsty and quarrelsome Colonel ;
B >wie in such high esteem,' said the !
stranger.
"My dear sir, he's a wonderful man,"
replied the native. "He's the best -hot
that ever came into this part of the coun
try and he isn't afraid of anything that
walks on two leg?."
"And yet," persisted the stranger, "I
doubt if you can point to one really cred
itable thing that ne ever «iid."
"Oh, yes, I can," returned the native
promptly.
"What?"
"He killed the bloodthirsty and quarrel
some Colonel Jaegs, so that we have only
one of that kind to deal with now." — Chi
cago Post.
DUKE STEVENS AT 30 TO 1
The Erratic Old Sulker Was
Away in Front and Won in
a Big Romp.
MISS GENTBY'S SADDLE SLIPPED
Red Germ Heaied Chartreuse II Out
Marjorie Defeated a Big Field Over
Seven Furlongs.
The old adage of ••there's many a slip
twixtcupand the lip" was realistically
and, it might be said, expensively illus
trated at Inglesi^e track yesterday. In
the last race of the day. a five-furlong sell
ing aash, the saddle on the back of the
4 to 5 choice, Miss Gentry, slipped, and
her rider was compelled to pull her up be
fore a furlong had been covered, and the
30 to 1 shot, the erratic Duke Stevens,
backed down to 12 around post time, won
in a big gallop. Miss Gentry is a very fast
mare, but ever since her advent in Califor
nia she has been a sort of conundrum to
the race-going public, and it would take
one gifted with the power of second sight
to know the proper time to "put the
checks down."
Only the day previous the mare de
feated a fairly good field over six furlongs,
cleverly piloted by Snider, and although
that budding youth was unengaped to ride
in the race in question the stable saw fit to
put W. Carroll up yesterday. It certainly
seems as though a jockey would have pre
monition of danger in that direction when
obliged to pull up so soon after the start.
After the race Starter Havey said that be
thought the saddle looked as though in
clined to "list to the port side." and it is
to be regretted, at least for the sake of
many a crestfallen bettor, that he did not
apprise jockey Carroll of the fact.
The wind, which for some days past nas
swept over the course with the fury of a
gale, had calmed down somewhat, and
better time was the rule for the different
events. Favorites succeeded in takine but
two of the six races decided. The books,
though, were hard hit by the victory of
Duke Stevens and quit little winner on'the
day.
Chartreuse 11, the game little daughter
of imp. Cheviot, was the first favorite to
go down in defeat. She was a 3 to 5 choice
f'.r the seven furlong selling run, and in a
drive throng the stretch to the wire with
the 8 to 5 second choice, Red Glenn, suc
cumbed by a neck, due principally to
superior jnckeyship on the part of Coady
on the winner over Snider.
In the openine dash for two-year-old
maidens Santa Paula hnally drifted out of
that class. Starting a 3 to 2 favorite, he
almost immediately shot to the front and,
leading throughout, won easily, with Miss
Buckman, a 25 to 1 shot, in the place, cov
erir.g the four furlongs in 50 seconds.
Eight three-year-olds started in the
third race, over six furlongs. At post
time Tennessee Maid, wiih 2142 l 4 to 1 about
her, had a slight call over Trappe&n. The
pair had the race to themselves to the
furlong iiole from the wire, where Tran
pean drew away and won by thr c lengths.
Tennessee Maid tired perceptibly and was
beaten for the place by Miss Pollard, a 10
to 1 chance.
The mile dash, with six starters, that
followed resulted in a hollow victory for
the Cambridge stable's Yankee Doodle,
who took ihe lead turning into the bark
stretch from Miss Ruth, ana won, eased
up, thr c lengths before May Day, in
l:4li^, within one-quarter of a second of
the irack record. St. Lee, the 8 to 5 sec
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleside Track.
In race* where the horses have no record si the distance io be ruu the records at the next nearest
distance are plvpn.
A Dbrevialions— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heav.-; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
! ond choice, wa- kept back too long, finish
ing an indifferent third.
White <fc Clarke's Commission was the
horse among the fourteen starters for the
fifth race, a seven-furlong affair, that com
manded the most support and attention.
He was sent to the po»>t an 8 to 5 favorite,
and never got up among the first three.
JM a rjorie, backed" down from 5 to 3>£, led
throughout, and won with little to spare
ha:f a length ahead of Gold Bug, a 30 to 1
shot.
Duke Stevens, with 30 to 1 about him,
led from "eend to eend" in the final h've
furiong dash, winning in a romp, with
| Marble Rock, a 12 to 1 chance, in the
place, two lengths before Irma. Trie win
ner covered the distance in I:o2 >£ -a good
performance.
GBEAT RACING AT INGLEBIDE.
Large Fields and Crack Horses Start in the
Different Events To-Day.
Friday is usually considered an off day
on the racetracks ; in fact, it is looked upon
as the occasion on which the good horses
take a rest. A glance at to-day's pro
■ gramme, however, will immediately dis
abuse this fact from the mind, for the
: Insrieside management nas prepared one
j that will compare favorably with any early
in the meeting. B printers and lonu-ais
! tance horses alike are given a chance to
display their fettle. In the fourth event,
at seven furlongs, the sturdy little Nebu
| chadnezzar, imp. Ivy, who fun se< ond at
I odds of 100 to 1 on Wednesday; Thelma,
! George Rose's good h6rse Ruinart and
the crack Rey del Bandidos wiil try con
clusions, and it should be a great betting
affair.
The Farewell handicap winner, Senator
Bland, the coast record-holder for a mile
| and a quarter, will take a shy at the gray
Paros, Little Cripple and a field of good
ones in the mile and a sixteenth run.
With Peixotto, Summer Time, Road
"Warmer, who lowered Geraldine's colors,
Toano, Joe Terry and Yankee Doodle try
ing conclusion* in the final race of tne
! day over seven furlongs, a new track
! record is not improbable.
To-morrow the big attraction will be the
two and one-quarter mile selling race. \lt
will bo a very open oetting event, as the
selling conditions will not permit of the
i>Bay District long-distance winner, Thorn
! hill, starting. An owners' handicap at
seven furlongs will also prove a strong
drawing card, as the best horses quartered
on the track will face the issue.
Secretary Leake was yesterday in receipt
of the following telegram from the well
known turfman, Barney Schreiber:
Fair Grounds, St. Louis, Mo., June 10, 1896.
To W. J. Le.akt: Your kind thouijtitfulness
I for the cyclone sufferers was highly appre
ciated, and all St. Louisans have the most
kindly feelings for the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club, its president and yourself.
B. i-OHKEIBER.
Owner Mat Storn was loyal to game lit
tle Sir Walter and cashed a ticket on the
California bred horse with George Rose,
j who booked on the event, when the result
! was learned. ,*-
Trainer "Jim!' Cook has the Spreckels
| string of horses in fine shape. The
I familiar red, white and blue colors are
I generally seen well to the front of their
fields whenever carried.
At a meeting of the stewards, held last
evening, Jockey W. Carroll, who rode the
favorite. Miss Gentry, in the !ast race, was
indefinitely suspended, and it was decided
that in future ihe entries of W.L.Stan
field would be rejected.
Napoleon's Family Life.
Family life at the Tuileries was a model,
the Emperor finding his greatest pleasure
in domestic amusements, playing billiards,
riding, driving, and even romping with
his young wife, while his tenderness lor
the babe was phenomenal. Still he was
no puritan, and the lapsed classes could
indulge themselves in vice if only they
paid; from their purses fabulous sums
were turned into the Emperor's secret
funds. Under the Continental system
industry was at a standstill, and "every
household felt the privation of abstaining
from the free use of sugar ;<nd other
colonial wares. Theie was, however, gen
eral confidence in speedy relief, and there
were worse things tnan waiting. — Sloane's
"Life of Napoleon" in the Century.
DAVIS IS EAGER
TO FIGHT SHARKEY.
Northwest Champion Says
the "Sailor" Needn't
Go East.
OCCIDENTAL CLUB OFFER
Will G^ve a Purse of $1250 for a
Fight at the Pavilion
July 3
YOUNG MITCHELL'S THOUGHTS
Reg-ret Expressed by D^vis at tha
Defeat of His Old Friend
Allen by Walker.
Now that the Sharkey-Williams mill has
been relegated to the shadowy annals of
the past, numerous sports are coming to
the front and declaring their disappoint
ment at the weak fight put uv> by Williams
and the awkward tactics of the "Sailor."
The knowing ones assert that Sharkey's
victories in the ring so far have been over
very inefficient men, and that they want
to see the >trappins; gentleman put up
against a man who knows how to use his
fists without getting them tangled together.
Their desire seems in a fair way of
materializing. Jack Davis, the champion
of the Northwest, has come to town, and
come with the intention to stay. The old
timers are warm in their welcome for him,
and say that he is a hard and game
fighter, just the man to put up against
the "sailor" to show hini how to play the
game of pugilism as laid down by the
pugilistic Hoyle.
Not only this, but as stated in a recent
issue of The Call, Davis is rearty, nay,
eaaer, to meet his man. Up-to-date
Shaikey has not been heard from.
The new Occidental Club now offers a
purse of $1250 for Davis to meet Sharkcy
at the Mechanics Pavilion July 3.
The New Occidental Club was organized
about two weeks ago with the following
officers: President, Joseph O'Brien; vice
president, Fhomas 8cully; financial secre
tary, John Houston ; receding secretary,
John E. Maunix; treasurer, John L.
Herget (Young Mitchell); directors,
"William Ricker% Lincoln Martin, Thomas
Kavanaugh, John Freel, John Bowen.
Last evening the committee on boxing —
Mitchell, Kavanaugh and Houston — had a
talk on the subject of mate, ing Sharkey
and Davis, with the result that the latter
two called on Davis at thf Cosmopolitan
Hotel about 5 o'clock and made him the
forejoing proposition.
Davis verified the truth of the proposi
tion having been made him.
"I heard to-day from some of Sharkev's
friends," he said, "that he intends vroing
East in about six weeks, if he makes no
match before that time in this City.
"Well, all I have to «ay is that Sharkey
needn't go East for a fignt. He can get it
and stay out here in California where the
cyclones won't endanger his fighting abili
ties
"You may say for me that it would give
me pleasure to hear from Sharkey at his
earliest convenience."
The Northwestern champion further
more said that while the two directors
were conversing with him they spoke of
the late pugilistic tournament, and said
they intended to have better fights in the
future, and accordingly would offer higher
purses than other local clnbs had hitherto
offered.
Davis also expressed regret that Allen
had been defeated by Walker, as he said
the former was an old friend of his, and
he regarded him as a game and clever
man.
"Young" Mitchell, when interrogated
on the subjei't, said it was the intention to
arrange a contest between Davi3 and Snar
key, if such could be done, and he ex
pected to see a clever, scientific mill.
French Opposition to the Conscription
Law.
The peasantry were weary of seeing
their soldier sons return from hard cam
paigning with neither gory nor booty,
and began to resent the conscription law,
which tore the rising generation from
home w hiJe yet boys. Desertions became
so frequent that a terrible law was passed,
making first the family, then the com
mune and lastly the district, responsible
for the missing men. It was enforced
mercilessly by bodies of riders known as
"flying columns.'' Finally every able
bodied male was enrolled for military
service in three classes — ban, second ban
and rear ban, the last including all be
tween 40 and GO. Nevertheless, and in
spite of all other hardships, there was
much enthusiasm at the prospect of a
spedy change for the better. In March,
1812, Napoleon fould count 475,000 men
ready for the field.— S'.oane's "Life of
Napoleon" in the Century.
DOCTORSWEANY.
Take this advice and you will indeed be
safe ! Hve you been foolish and nursed
a private disea^<\ ho:>inK that nature
would cure it, instead of seaking :?ood
treatment? Have yan % committed follies
that you are ashanie'd to ov.n to, and
which are draining your vital forces
hourly? If so, why not go to the one per-
son on earth that
YOU KNOW
will give you help? Your secret is safe in
his keemng; your health will certainly be
restored, and you can go back to your
work with a good heart and a clear con-
science. Every private disease of both
sexes is promptly and satisfactorily cured
for Dr. Sweany has spent a lifetime in the
stu.iy of these peculiar ailments. Lost
Manhood unfailingly restored. Treatment
by mail is always successful. Write if you
can t call. Office hourg-9 to 12 a. m. and
2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 10 to 12
A. m. only. Address
F. L. SWEANY M D wHrt^
i b. UML.n.I I , m. U*, san Francisco, C»l.HE¥. 08. HENRY
TALKS OF TESTS
* Truth Getting Her Boots
On" His Subject at Met
ropolitan Temple,
IMMIGRATION'S DANGER
He Stated It Would Be a Cold
Day in August When Cath
olics Elect a President.
HE ADVISED A BOYCOTT.
Everything in Protestantism That
Comes From Rome, Including the
Title Reverend, to Be Cut Out.
"Truth Getting Her Boots On" was the
subject of an address delivered at Metro
politan Temple, Fifth and Jessie streets,
last night by Rev. J. Q. A. Henry, the apos
tle of the American Protective Associa
tion. The audience was somewhat larger
than has been present at the previous lec
tures. "Patriotic Citizens Welcome J. Q.
A. Henry," were words which overhung [
the platform in letters of red and gold.
Preliminary to his address Rev. Dr.
Henry acknowledged the services of At
torney Quitzow and wife in behalf of the
A. P. A., and then stated that officers of
the law were present to preserve the peace j
and that if any one present could not stand I
the liberal, allopathic doses of simon-pure
. patriotism which he should give them the
wisest course to pursue would be to ezer
?ise the privilege of quietly withdrawing
. from the hall. Then he said:
'People are having the hoodwinks of
ignorance removed. They are beginning
to learn that there is avast deal of pro
fessionalism in the world; that all is not
gold that glitters. Men are now coming
into right views of life. It is a greater
thing to live to-day than it has ever been '[
before, simply because truth is getting her ',
boots on — her intellectual boots.
"There are three great tests," he said, !
"before the people to-day— the tests of '■
reason, public opinion and history, and I
that which is unable to meet the de- j
mands of an enlightened public sentiment
. is doomed and relegated to the past.
Only the truth can, will and ought to pre
- vail.
"Romanism must come to the bar of
human reason, and if it is not acceptable
it must go. Even the Pope has no power
to change the historical occurrences of the
past, infallible though be may be. Truth
is getting her theological hoots on, too.
Unless Romanism can justify her creed at
the bar of reason, history and the Bible,
then it must surrender. lor there is noth
ing in Papal decree.
"Can you find any justification in the
Bible for the infallibility of the Pop*? for
transubstantiation? for seven sacraments?
for a celibate priesthood ? jor justification
for convicts? lor the contessional? Why
there are v>lace3 on the face of the earth
vhere they will show you the t;iil of
Baalam's ass. Peter didn't know anything j
about infallibility, and Peter wove red I
socks, the same as the Pope. There are j
some things in Protestantism that are
almost as bad. Where did you
get that woid reverend, applied
to the preacher? You got it from
Rome. There are other things that I
might mention in Protestantism that you
got from Rome. Now in order to be con- j
sistent, ana if we are going to fight this j
thing through to the end, let us cut these
thines out; let us boycott them. Both
Romanism and Protestantism are full of '
thing? that ought to have been dead and ,
buried thirty years ago. It is only a ques- !
tion of a short time when these ghosts and I
apparitions must go. A church to be a i
church must be democratic. What is
democracy? It is the doctrine that you j
are as good as I am.
•'l9 Romanism a democracy, a republic?" i
he asked.- "Doe 3it declare the equality
of ail men? She says that priests
should have immunity flora civil law. A ■
true church 13 educative. What church \
gave rise to the saying that 'ignorance is
the mother of devotion?' The Roman Cath
olic church. Protestantism believes that j
culture is the handmaiden of Christianity. i
The churcn ought to be patriotic. I be
lieve that the hour has been struck when
that church which ignores patriotism will
become a back number."
.";••- He referred to the fact that some mm•
-; listers nad refused to appear on the plat
•: form with him, and he said it was prob
■■ ably because they were afraid somebody- I
in their congregation would put the
screws on them. He said: "I expect to
meet Father Yorke at the judgment s?at, i
and that is probably the last time I'll j
see him. I expect to meet Arch- j
bishop Riordan and 300,000 people j
from San Francisco at the judgment seat, i
and I don't intend that any of them shall
be able to say that they never heard my
voice raised in behalf of human liberty
and patriotism. There are some ministers
who may be cowering under the influence
of some political boss.
"Romanists have said," he continued,
"they intend to occupy this country soon
—before the year 1900. The Chancellor of
this diocese has said as much within the
last few weeks. But I believe that it will
be a cold day in August before they elect j
a Romanist President.
"Their plan is that they are going to i
bring over ignorant people from the Ro- i
man Catholic countries of the Old World, i
concentrate them in the cities, give them
the ballot and control the balance of
power. Thirty years ago not one of the
big cities in this country was Romanized;
now every city is, including San Francisco.
"What do I mean by Romanized? I
mean that they are in public office. In
Boston they draw 90 per cent of the public
payrolls and pay 5 percent of the taxes.
The same is practically true of Chicago.
Why, in Chicago, there are 134 Sullivans
on the city payroll. We do not object to
representation in proportion, but we
don't want them to have every
thing. I say, we've got to do some
thing. There is a demand for a
change in naturalization laws, and unless
we do this, I believe that we are gome to
lose our power as a Republic. I believe
that men should be uere at 1- ast rive years
before given the elective franchise. These
are the fellows who vote early and often,
and who corrupt our cities. No man
should be permitted to vote until he has
: demonstrated that he is an honest Ameri
■can; ' ;•
.: ••What is all this controversy about be
tween the Catholics and patriotism It is
over the fact that the Roman Catholics
are endeavoring to get control of this
country through the priesthood. We say
hands off; we say hands off the public
trepsury; hands off the little red school
house. Flock to the standard of 'Old
Glory' and defend it against the world,
peaceably if we can, otherwise|if we must."
Inspector Cleary ia Trouble.
M. J. Cleary, the customs inspector, was de
t&lned at the California-street station yester-'
day on two charges — drunkenness and display
lewdly weapon. !!•• WM released on a
ond. (Jleary visited Chinatown yester
day afternoon and became involved wita some
of the Celestials- over the Custom-hou>e scan
dals. He wa» receutly indicted with favor on
a charge of extortion, but was released by
Commissioner Heacock.
THE BUILDING TRADES.
Annoying; Shinglers' Union Question
Again Disturbs the Sleeting.
The Building Trades Council held its
regular meeting last evening and the an
noying question of admitting the delegates
from the shinglers again came up.
The Carpenters' unions are determined
not to recognize the shinglers in any man
ner, and several of the other unions favor
recognizing the much-discussed union as
a branch of the building trades.
When the subject was brought up the
secretary read the following decisive letter
from the District Council of Carpenters,
which is similar in spirit with the decision
of the massmeeting of carpenters held on
Thursday evening:
I urn instructedlby the council to notify the
Building Trades Council that we wfll not un
der any circumstances recognize the shinglers
as a union, and \\i\\ not work with them; als >
to notify you tnat any job struck on account
ol will not ba finished by union car
-1 enters.
After a heated debate that lasted until
midnight tne matter was laid over for a
week.
A communication was received from
Chicago giving the record of Charles J.
Bur^chki's troubles with his woodworking
employes and of his having shot two men
who struck from bis shop.
The resignation of EL T. Mclvor as
business apent was accepted, and J. J.
Connelly of trie Plasterers' Union was
elected to till the vacancy. The business
3cents were instructed to strike ail jobs
where non-union men were at work.
The organizing committee reported that
the Electrical Workers 1 Union is likely to
atriiiate with th« council. Hereafter the
council will meet at 1189 Mission street, as
the Labor Bureau Association, from whom
E. J. BALDWIN, THE DEI END ANT.
[Sketched by a "Call artist. \
it has rented the old meeting-room, is
compelled to vacate the premises.
The Shinglers 1 Bide.
The shinclers claim the right to follow
shingling as a trade and they do not in
tend to be driven out of the business if
they can help it. There are about fifty in
the city and not over four are non-union
men.
They do not protest against carpenters
shingling under their union rules. G.
Barker last evening, while awaiting the
decision of tne carpenters, said that no
union has a right to refuse to recognize
another union although their lines of
work may overlap on certain occasions.
At a meeting of the Metal Roofers'
Union last evening it was decided to recog
nize, the shinglers as a union and their
rights to representation m the Building
Trades Council, in which the metal roof
ers have deleeates.
PRINTING TRADES COUNCIL.
Formation of a Central Body of the
linong of Their Craft.
The Allied Printing Trades Council re
cently organized in this City with G. B.
Ben ham as chairman and A. W. Stern as
secretary. All branches of the trade were
represented — Typographical Union, Print
ing Pressmen's Union and the Bookbind
ers' Union. In fact it was mandatory for
these trades to organize a council in con
formity with the laws of the National
printing trades organization.
An interesting discussion was indulged
in relative to a printers' union label. It was
the sen3e of the council th.it suchalabei
should be adopted, to be used only in of
fices wholly union. It is likely that the
council will adopt a label similar in design
to the one selected by the allied printing
trades in the East.
Cork is the third most important of
Spanish exports. In the province of Ger
ona alone i' is estimated that 198,000 acres
are devoted to the cultivation of cork trees
which produce about 20,000 tons, valued at
$8,000,000.
Sketch of a Photograph of John Osbourne and Lillian Ashley. The Photograph
Was Taken in 1«87.
THE SAX FRAX^ISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 189 G.
A HUNGRY IN
FROM OREGON,
He Testified in the Ashley-
Baldwin Suit Yester
day.
EARLY PECCADILLOES.
Evidence at the Fate of Five
Dollars Per Day and
Expenses.
LONG RANGE LOVE LETTERS.
The Inside History of a Salem Farm
<• er's Trip to the Athens of
America.
"We are trying a case, not of morals,
but of law," said H. E. Highton, attorney
for E. J. Baldwin, in Judge Slack's court
yesterday. And that is the line on which
the defense bases its case in the Ashiey-
Baldwin damage suit.
Yesterday morning, for the first time,
the doors were opened to admit represen
tatives of the press. The plaintiff's side of
the matter has been nearly presented, and
it was only desired to prove the existence
of the child in the case and the amount of
the defendant's wealth.
Miss Emily Ashley, sister to the plain
tiff, testified as to the identity of "Little
Beatrice," and told of her sister's efforts
toward reformation "after her unfortu-
nate experience with Colonel Pope." She
drew a pretty picture of home-life and sis
terly affection. During the fall of 1892 the
twain were visiting friends in a small
town in Massachusetts and passed their
days and nights together. No rude man
entered the little paradise. Their daylight
hours were pa3sed in such rural diversions
as gardening, walks and siestas in shaded
I hammocks. In the evening reading and
tiome-like conversation occupied the time.
The proving of E. J. Baldwin's wealth
v. a«. however, not such an easy task. The
! plaintiff's attorney, Mr. Van Wyck, put
i Miss Lillian Ashley upon the stand and
then called H. E. Hightou, Baldwin's at
torney, but was unable to get before the
court the testimony he desired. The de
fendant was willing to admit (hat he is
worth $75,U00, the amount sued for, but
this admission was not satisfactory to the
other side and the plaintiffs case was
finally rested without further parley.
In opening for the defendant Attorney
j Highton started to quote ihe law in the
| case, but was stopped by Judge Slack. He
then shortened hi 3 address considerably,
contenting himself with stating broadly
that:
"We acknowledge that the defendant
may have been familiar with the plaintiff
and may have been the fatherof her child,
but we do say she was not seduced. We
claim that the plaintiff is and was an ex
perienced and accomplished adventuress,
who conceived years ago the idea of ex-
I torting money from Mr. Baldwin and has
persistently followed that intention; that
she is not what she sef ms either in chas
tity or anything else; that she is not inno
cent now and was not innocent at the time
of the alleged seduction."
The first witness for the defendant was
John Osborne, a Portland real estate
aeent. He was called at the opening of
tiie afternoon session. Osborne is of the
type of man that Ciesar so despised— of
lean and hungry looks. And if his testi
mony is to be relied upon, Cscsar was
a jrood judge of character. Osborne,
with many iidgets, but with no apparent
compunction of conscience, told of a trip
he made to Boston in 1887 and of his pec
cadilloes in company with a Miss Lillian
A. Ashley, whom he met on a train while
on his way from Montreal to Boston.
Osborne w**nt into minute details and
told of how Miss Ashley got into a conver
sation with him on the train by asking
him ii he was from Oregon, saying she
had an urlole in that State. They talked
of Boston and Wisa Ashley said" she was
well acquainted there. Osborne declared
that if he had some one to show him the
town and accompany him to the theaters
he would pay all expenses. She con
sented to act as his guide and gave him
her address. He then went on to tell of
the different places they visited together,
including several hotels, at which they
registered as man and wife.
To complete his entire betrayal of the
woman's confidence Osborne had loaned
the defense several photographs and tin
types of Miss Ashley and of himself and
Miss Ashley, taken while in Boston and
South Royalton, Vermont, during the trip
of 188 T.
After Osborne returned to Salem, Or., he
received several letters from his Boston
inamorata. He retained possession of two j
of ihem, both of which have found their
way into the hands of Baldwin's attorneys.
Following is a copy of the first:
South Royalton, Vt., June 2(5, '88.
Mr. John Ocborne—KixD Sir: Your letter of
the 18tn inst. came (July to hand this morn- I
ing. The contents of same proclaim you to be
strictly honorable. I accept your decision in
every particular. I'iea.se oelieve me when I
tell you, as sure as God is our Judge, that I I
should have immediately returned tne $500 if j
you had sent it to me. For the last few months i
I have tried to be a Rood Christian girl. lam '
L trustiug in our Heavenly Father, and he !
blesses me.
I here acknowledge ray wrong treatment j
of you and bep, In heaven's name, for forgive- j
ness from you. I shall never see you again,
but let me hope that you forgive me (ohiid that
I am) and itiat we are friends. When you;
come to Mrs. Tenney'a you tun rind the pic- '
tures and the ring, but I want to keep the i
oth'-r for lriendsliiii's sake: butif you do not:
uiMi it so.it will be as you say, nnd I will i
leave all. All your letters shall be destroyed. '
1 have been a naughty, heartless child to
treat your love for me as I have done. I beg !
your forgiveness. Good-by forever; but please
forgive me. If you could only see the unutter
able anguish of my iace you might be willing [
to tnke me in your arms and say you would j
forgive the faithle-s child. Adieu forever,
Lillian alma Ashley.
Osbourne explained the reference to the
$500 by saying that he had just prior to
the receipt of the letter of June 26 t re
ceived another epistle asking that he foi- |
ward $500 to Miss Ashley at once. He
had been alarmed at this and angry at the j
tone of the letter, and had answered it j
sharply. The missive quoted was in re
ply to his answer.
It seems, however, that it was not a case
of "adieu forever," for under date of July
18 another letter was sent to Osbourne
from South Royalton. It reads:
Dear Mr. Osbourne: Remember I am waiting
for you to obtain your forgiveness and it seems !
as if you require lots of time to forgive a I
"naughty girl ' like me. Are you happy? I '
am not. I am very sad. All the bright future^has j
a sad caill look to me. I suppose it is because j
I am so cruel and heartless and make others
unhappy. Isn't it? >ay you will forgive me I
and 1 will be a meek, mild young lady, dress i
in black and resemble "the Sisters of Charity,"
all but theb innet Mr. and Mrs. Tenney speak
to me very uiu>n of you. I guess they think j
yon do not care for me since you do not wri'.e <
to me and send .Mr. T. the Kural Spirit. They
tell me I am a very cruel-hearted girl to
treat you unkind, and truly I am
very, very sorry for all the un
kind things I ever said to you. They often
say how much tiiey would like to have you
visit them this lovely summer. Vermont is
enchanting in June, July and AuSust. I am
sure you would have a most enjoyable visit.
01 course yon would not care to see me, and
I write to tell you thai I in intending to go to
Manchester-by-theSea a few weeks in August
JO UN (HBOTJKNE ON THE STAND
[Sketched by a "CaU" artist.]
to see if the bracing sea air will not revive mo.
My spine troubles me lots, and there seems to
be something on my mind continually, ■we^r
iiij,' upon ray health. Perhaps I will be better
nfter a fow weeks' rest by the sea.
Should we ever meet in this life, be sure of this,
I will treat you unkind no more. Trusting
that you will come to Vermont and see this
beautiful Ureen Mountain State as it is. Hnd as
suring you of a most cordial welcome from Mr.
and dear Mrs. Teimey, yon can occupy my
room, which will be nil ready for you, while I
rest my pale face on the snowy pillow in a room
overlooking the great ocean. Wishing you
health, prosperity and aX the happiness this
world offers, I am, very sincerely,
Lillian a. Ashley.
Oabourne explained how he came to be
engaged in corresponding with Miss Ash
ley. "In a spirit of banter,'' he said, "she
remarkod I can beat you writing love
letters.' "
To which lie replied: "No., you can't;
just try me.' 1
The mai! between Salem, Oregon and
South Royalton, Vt., immediately' became
voluminous.
That was not the only conversation
O?bourne reported in his testimony. He
told of a talk he had with Miss Ashley
about E. J. Baldwin. She asked him if he
was acquainted with the California horse
man, and he replied that he had heard of
him ana inquired why she asked.
''Oh, 111 1 ink I could make a pile out of
him," said she. »
"I replied," said Osbourne, "how do you
expect "to succeed where so many others
have failed?"
"I think I could wiggle it out of him
somehow," said she.
"Miss Ashley inquired as to what promi
nent horsemen i Knew besides Mr. Bald
win," said the witness, "and I gave her
the name of Van B. de Lashmutt of Port
land, Or."
On examination by the plaintiff's attor
ney Osbourne exhibited a lamentable
lack of memory. He couid not recall
at what age he left his native State,
Missouri, nor, in fact, any material
facts of his youth until after he
had attained his majority. Ho was not
real sure of anything except that he came
to San Francisco to testify in this case, be
cause solicited to do so by Mr. Unruh,
manager of E. J. Baldwin's Santa Anita
ranch. The terms of the solicitation in
cluded a promise that Osbourne would be
paid $5 per day and have his expenses paid
while here.
Osbourne's last testimony before ad
journment of the court was a naive ad
mission that he is a married man, al
though, strange to say, he can't remember
how long he has been a benedict.
Osbonrne's examination will be resumed
at 11 o'clock this morning.
AUCTION OF REAL ESTATE.
A Miscellaneoaa Lot of Properties Sold
by O'Farrell & Co.
Bidding at the auction sale of miscella
neous properties held yesterday by O'Far
rell & Co. was not very active, yet the
firm succeeded in disposing of a majority
of the pieces offered.
Michael Hanlon was the purchaser for
$4500 of three cottages of four rooms each
with lot 50x75, located on the west side of
Bryant street, near Sixth. A lot 19:6 x
122:6 at 2111 Mason street, near Lombard,
together with improvements, consist
ing of four flats, was sold to L.
G. Ferrara for $3550. A lot 35x100,
on the east side of Tenth street, just
north of Folsom was sold to P. Casey for
$3500; an adjoining lot, 25x100, was bought
by Daniel O'Conner for $2550; a lot, same
size, adjoining the latter, was sold to Mr.
Kent for $2500, while the adjacent lot, 25x
100 also, was purchased by N. T. Smith
for $2474; W. J. Gunn bouirht two Rich
mond iots, 25x120, each located on Eleventh
avenue, 1.5 feet south ot Foint Lobos
road, for $575 each ; J. Leary was the pur
chaser of the lot, 36x128, located on South
Broderick street, near Haight, and on
which is located two flats, the price being
$3150; Mary J. Cox was the purchaser
for $7300 of a lot 25x90 located
on Howard street, near SeveDth, and on
which are improvements consisting of a
store and two flats; two lots, each 34:4^x
90, located on the west side of Valencia
street, 107 feet north of Twenty-fonrth,
sold for $5500 each; a lot, 22x80, and two
flats, located on the south side of Bryant
street, 121 feet east of Third, was sold to
Peter Smith for $2800; a cottage at 205
Clinton Park, lot 25x75 was purchased by
J. A. Eckles for $2575, and Captain John
son bought for $2150 the premises, 140
Chestnut street, consisting of lot 22:6 x
122:6 and two-story house of eight rooms.
»—» — • — •
NAT GOODWIN IN "MIZZOURA."
This New Play to Be Seen at the Bald
win Xext Week.
One of the most delightful dramas that
has ever been put on the stage is that bit
of local coloring, "In Mizzoura," which
Nat G. Goodwin, the commedian, will pre
sent for the first time in this City, at the
Baldwin Theater, on Monday, Jnne 8, and
which, through its richness in human
emotions and its delineation of rude honor
and rough but natural chivalry, will stir
the sympathies of any audience that can
be found within tbe boundaries of ttie
great republic. The scene may be in
Missouri, but the play throbs with that
peculiar spirit which differentiates the
j American from everyone else and which
; translates any unusual incidont or dialect,
to the comprehension of the hearer. It
portrays characters in a community which
j has never been encrusted with convention
| alities, and such plays are always grateful
to audiences, for even the most successful
are usually only one generation removed
i from similar scene*.
With wonderful skill and pathos and
comedy, tragic realitied and humorous in
cidents are blended in this photograph
not only of a locality but of human nature.
There la always the touch of the true
artist, not the broad style of the impres
sionist, but the faithful methods of truth.
The play is the daily mirror of those it
portrays. It belongs to the realm of art
because in its restricted compass it reflects
the widest human nature, and it selects
just enough to make a complete romantic
episode. It is a little idyll of country life.
In "In Mizzoura" Mr. Goodwin takes
the most, serious character that he has
ever assumed. He is no longer the come
dian whose only mission is to entertain,
but as big Jim Radburn— big-hearted, un
selfish, courageous, shrewd, and withal
humorous, he has transferred from real
life to the stage a personage which will
live in dramatic history.
THREE YOUNG BURGLARS.
They Bob a Junkshop to Fay a Debt
for Candy.
The small sum of 25 cents has been the
means of placing a boy of the tender ape
of 11 years behind prison bars on a charge
of burglary and has caused tbe issuance of
two warrants for the arrest of two other
tiny lads on a similar charge.
Bert Clark is the name of the youthful
lawbreaker who is now in custody, and
Walter Dennan and Willie Kensel are the
embryo burglars for whom the police are
t,earchiug. Yesterday afternoon the young
trio pried a board off a junkshop owned
by John Belasco, at the corner of Shipley
street and Hulbert place.
Once inside they ransacked the place
and carried off a valuable pair of embalm
er's scales and a number of tools. These
things were sold to another junkman tor a
small price. If the story the young prison
er tells is true the burglary was planned
and carried out simply to enable the
youths to pay a debt of 25 cents which
they had contracted through their fond
ness for sweetmeats.
Cnaualty at a fire.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 4.—Dur
ing a tire in North Sixth street this morn
ing Mrs. Robert Emraett, aged 55 years,
jumped from an attic window and was
killed. May Sullivan, aged 18, sprang
from the third-story window during the
excitement and was badly injured. The
fire was not a serious one.
YOUNG LADIES
WHO DRAW WELL
A Very Fine Collection of
Normal School Speci
. mens.
FOR PUBLIC EXHIBITION
Pencil and Pen Drawings of
Primary and Grammar
Pupils.
TEE PROGRESS OF ONE YEAR.
Children Who Can Illustrate Their
Own Stories— A Feature of
Our Schools.
Drawing, since it was placed under the
immediate personal supervision of Miss
Katherine M. Ball, has grown to be one of
the leading features in the course of study
of the public schools of San Francisco.
Pictures appeal strongly to the minds of
young children, and when they are suf
ficiently far advanced in their language
studies to write little stories there is noth
ing they like better than to make for them
original illustrations.
Two exhibitions of school drawings will
be held next week for the benefit of
parents and persons interested in the
progress and proficiency of the teachers
and pupils. At the Clement Grammar
School on Geary street, between Jones
and Leavenworth, will be seen a collection
of some 500 drawings in pencil and pen
and ink, all of which have been executed
during the past year by the young lady j
students of the San Francisco Normal ;
School.
At the Henry Durrant Primary School,
Turk street, between Buchanan p.nd Web- i
ster, the numerous sketches exhibited will
give an idea of the skill acquired by chil
dren in the primary and grammar grades
in free-hand and mechanical drawings. |
All of the specimens are to be mounted ;
upon cardboard and advantageously ar- j
ranged upon the wa'ls, where spectators :
can examine them at their leisure.
It is now two years since the study of
drawing in all the schools of the depart
ment, the High schools excepted. was in
trusted to the supervision of Miss Ball, and
the results are a wonderful improvement :
in the methods of teachers and the skill of
the pupils.
The Normal girls, during the past year,
have been instructed in the study of
geometric solids, with objects based upon
them, the principles of simple construc
tion and constructive drawings, compris
ing patterns, etc. The appearance of ob
jects, together with the principles of per
spective have also been studied and many .
sketches have been made of foliage and '
flowers, fruits and vegetables, etc. Round ,
and angular corner objects have been i
drawn in outline and Light and shade in
both pencil and pen and ink. The simple
elements of decoration and design have
been taught, and the study of color has
also received some attention.
It is not the intention of the system to
make artists nor artisans, but to train
Btudenta in the things which are the
fundamentals for special lines in life.
"Students entering normal schools,"
said Miss Ball, "are expected to be familiar ;
with the common branches of education,
but I find that in drawing, music, calis
thenics and vertical penmanship they are i
irregularly prepared. A large percentage
of our students have had no training what- j
ever in these lines.
"Of the students in our Normal School
50 per cent had never studied drawing; of ;
those who had, 20 per cent had worked
only in mechanical drawing and the re
mainder in free-hand drawing. Some of
this number had drawn from only fiat
copies; others from objects. In the study
of historic ornament, the analysis of style !
of decorative art and the study of color
the girls were entirely ignorant.
"Drawing should be scientific and artis- i
tic, educational and technical. The scien
tific and educational should be acquired by
all. The artistic and technical can come
only with lone-continued training. With
but little training as a foundation, when
so much is required- lor efficiency, it can :
easily be seen that there is much ground
to be covered by the students in a short
course of one year."
CHADEOURNE HONORED.
The State of Nevada Sends Him a Well-
Deserved <>!.:;>; ill .
The following communication was re
ceived by Colonel F. 6. Chad bourne yes
terday from the Governor and high of
ficials of Nevada:
Capitol, Carson- City. Nev., May 10, 1836.
Forest S. Chadbuurne, Lieutenant-Colonel N. G.
C, Aide de Camp, Sap Francisco, Cal.: Re
spected Sir — Although, as you are aware, of
ficial acknowledgment was made at the time
to his excellency, Governor James 11. Budd.for
his prompt and respectful action concerning
the obsequies of the late lamented John
Jones. Governor of tho State of Nevada,
still, in addition to that, we, the State officers
of the State of Nevada, knowing that the suc
cessful carrying out of Governor Budd's orders
concerning. the same was due to your untiring
individual etlorts, and being desirous of ex
pressing our sincere appreciation of the
same, ' do hereby extend to you our
heartfelt gratitude for the earnest and
effective manner in which you so commend
ably honored the memory . of the said late
Governor and commander-in-chief of tin; mili
tary forces of the State of Nevada, on- the occa
sion of your and the California troops then
under your command escorting his remains
from San Francisco, the place of death, to the
boundary lines between your and our States.
Believe, dear sir, that your action will ever
remain fresh in our grateful memory and hold
us under obligation to you to a like extent as
if it were a personal favor to each of, yours sin
cerely,
ll einhold Sadler, Governor.
Eugene Howelu, Secretary of State.
W. J. Wbstekfikld, State Treasurer.
C. A. Lagrave, Controller.
A. 0. Pratt, Surveyor-General.
H. C. CCTiing, Superintendent Public In
struction.
Robert M. Bkatty, Attorney-General.
All of the State of Nevada.
« » «
The Engliahmnn and Ilia Boots.
"An Englishman and His Boots" would
serve as the title of the little comedy
played in tbe Paris Correctional Court on
Saturday. In this case, which was Terit
ably a p'ropos de bottes, the plaintiff was
an Anglo-Saxon rejoicing in the name of
London, and the defendant wns a Mme.
Larose. Mr. London, examined through
an interpreter, said that the lady with the
floral namo had annexed his boots during
NEW TO-DAT.
\ INFANT HEALTH
SENT FREE
I A little book that should be in every ||
■j, home. Issued by the manufacturers ||
IGaHßorden Eagle Brand |
j§ Condensed Milk
x / N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
h 71 Hudaon Street, Hew York |g
a railway journey. "C'es* faux, archifaux;"
cried out the defendant, who then went
on to g've her own version of the mat
ter. She entered, she said, with
her daughter, a first-class carriage, and
saw the plaintiff snugly ensconced in a
corner. When the train started he pulled
off his boots, drew his traveling cap over
his eyes and stretched himself at full
length along the seat. During the night,
Which was very warm, Mmc La rose, ob
jecting to the boot*, tied them together,
and their owner being still asleep she
dangled the articles outside the door of
the carriage, attaching them to the handle.
At a station where the train stopped a
railway porter cut down the Iriton's
boots and put them in a goods van. The
consequence of this was tliat Mr. London
had, on arriving at his destination, to
leave the carriage in his vamps and
search high and low for his lost footgear,
which he e/entually found. He sum
moned the defendant on account of the in
convenience caused to him by her free
and-easy. — Birmingham Post.
BERLIN. Germany, June 4. — Gerard
Rohlfs, the German traveler and explorer,
died to-day at Godesbur£. in Rheinish
Prussia. He was born near Bremen In I^l4.
NEW TO-PAY.
The Power
of Manhood.
WHEN YOU LOSE THAT
power you have lost all
| the best of life. There is a
charm gone from your exist-
ence, and you miss it more than
anything else.
But when you regain it after
; year 3 of incapacity your heart
will leap with joy — then the
bright spirit will shine forth in
! your eye, and the happy smile
in your countenance will tell
i your acquaintances that you
, have found a new existence.
Then you meet your friends
with the strong clasp of the
hand and the look of confidence
: which tell them that "here is
the new-born man."
Your every action bespeaks
new manhood. You are then a
J better man physically and men-
tally than if you had never
known weakness.
"You can say that I was
i nearly a wreck in every way,
| but I am now a better man than
i I ever thought of being," says
L. L. Jaccard, the Jeweler, of
San Leandro, Gal., after using
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
Some men feel that they are
not weak, though they are not
what they might be in manly
vigor had they not lightly trans-
gressed the laws of Nature.
These are just the ones who
most appreciate the value of Dr.
Sanden's Belt. In a few weeks
they learn that it can make them
twice as strong as they were.
"Before I began using your
Belt I thought there was not
much the matter with me. but
after using it a month I have
found the value of good health,"
: says Wm. Simpson, Goleta, Cal.
Electricity is wonderful in its
strengthening influence. Your
vitality seems to grow stronger
and more buoyant every day.
There seems no limit to your
■ .energies. You can do twice the
: amount of work you formerly
could, and not get weary.
"I • can do as much work as
any two men now," says L.
C. Minzard, Napa, Cal.
Words cannot tell of the full-
some gratitude felt by the men
who have been restored to man-
i hood by Dr. Sanden's Electric
►Belt . Will you become one aJ
its happy patients? You can
learn how great has been its
' good work by reading the little
; book, "Three Classes of Men,"
which Dr. Sanden will send you
free, closely sealed, on request.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Karket Street, San Francisco*
Opposite Palace Hotel. Ollice hours; 8 x. m. M
8:30 p. m.- Sunday*, 10 to 1.
OFFICES AT:
LOB ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OR.,
804 Boa tli Broadway. 1 253 Washington HrMW
$iRTELJA/£
IS THE VKHY BEST OXK TO EXAMINES
your eyes and fit t&em to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with .-' instruments of hit own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My »u>
cess has been due to the merits or my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4 p. m.
j ~ _ _^
I When ordering please mentiou Call.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SI MMAKY OF THE MARKETS
Silver advanced.
Wheat futures declined.
Other Cereals unchanged.
New !!>.' in larger receipt.
Beans neglected.
B and (inions unchanged.
Vegetables about me same.
Butter firm. Cheese weak. Egfcs steady.
rou! try unchanged.
Cherries, currants and Berries firm.
Peaches and Apricots sell will.
Citrus Fruits urn hanged.
Cottolene lower,
dvanced slightly.
Tallow quiet.
Kxplanmtlon.
The arrow flies with th»wlnd. The top figure* {
et station indicate maximum temperature for the
Jays: tho<e underneath it. if any, tlie amount of i
rainfall, of melted sr.Ow in inches and hui:dredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid j
lines, connect points of equal air pressure: Iso- ,
therms, or dotted lines, •■, sal temperature. The <
word "hiith" means high barometric pressure and |
is usnully Eccomoanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded j
and accompanied by cionily weather and rains. |
"Lows* 1 usually first appear on the Washington
coast. . When :he pressure Is high in the icteriol :
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when 'he "luw" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain Booth of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER liCKKAU REPORT.
United STATES Department of agbicul/
tvbe. Weather Bdekau, San Francisco, June
3, 1596, tf p. m..— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
1 he following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 51. 36. 1u5t season 46.33; Red Biuff 22.43,
last season 29.71: San Francisco 21.25, last season
25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
Obispo 17.70, last season 26.04: Los Angeles
9-85, last season 16.10; San Diego 5.93, last season
12.20; Yuma ,88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re- .
ported trom stations in California to-day:
Kurekn 60, Red Bluff 78, San Francisco '2, ]
Fresno 82, San Luis Obispo 72, Los Angeles 70, 1
ban i'ieto66, Ynma 94.
-an Francisco data— Maximum temperature b2, j
minimum . 2, mean .'7.
The pressure is highest this evening on the |
Northern California coast and lowest in Arizona, |
with a second slight depression in Wnshington and
Oregon. The isobars in the recion north of San
Francisco are Irregular, a condition favorable for
liuht sprinkles of rain, especially in elevated sec
tions. '
Forecast made at San Francisco tor thirty hours
ending midnight, June 5, 1806.
Northern California— Fair in the southeast por
tion: partly cloudy in the north portion, with
occasional showers in the extreme north portion;
brisk to h:gh westerly winds alon£ the northern
coast.
southern California — Fair Friday; probably
warmer: fresh northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Friday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Friday.
Arizona— Fair: warmer 1 riday.
Bad Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy Fri
day morning, lollowed by fair; brisk to high west
erly winds.
"W. H. llakhos, Forecast Official.
NEW YOKE MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June The dullness at
the Stock Exchange continues. The sales to-day
footed up only 11'J,300 shares. The main cause
for the condition of aflai rs is the uncertainty sur
rounding t :e political situation. While the friends
of the leading Republican candidate for the Presi
dential nomination assert that he is sound on the
Currency question, the street is inclined to wait
until the St. Louis convention is heard from. The
recent victories of the iree silver men and the
liellef thai the Chicago convention will come out
strongly for tins metal is also making traders on
the hull side of the account more cautious. At the
opening industrials were weak and the railway
and international shares firm. Sugar was sold
down on the report of another decline in raw, and :
Tobacco was depressed on the unfavorable trade
conditions.
London bought St. Paul and Louisville and Nash
ville to a moderate extent at this time.' After this
little spurt there was a long period of dullness,
but in the last hour the whole list strengthened
under the leadership of the anthracites. The im
provement was he result of the decisive defeat of
the Butler bond bill in the Ways and Means Com
mittee of the House and the belief that god ship
ments will be lip-ht in the immediate future,
humors of an advance in anthruclte coal, the
favorable report of the Chicago and Northwestern
also Emulated purchases. Missouri Pacific
dropped from 24 to 22% on the decrease in gross
earnings for the fourth week in May.
In 1 1.<- late trading Lackawanna bounded up 3 to
163, New Jersey Central 2% to 105%, an.l Dela
ware and Hudson 1% to 1 -J t 14 . Readlns, which
had been sold down to 9Vs on the certainty of
foreclosure, rallied to 9%- Bay State (ias fell IV,
to -S. tiurt later rose to 27% on advices that the
Massachusetts Senate bad passed a new gas bill
favorable to the company. The market closed
firm and lfa.4 percent higher.
Bonds were irregular, but in the main lower.
The sales foot'd up $1,035,000. Louisville and
Nashville unified fours fell l^i t0 77, Texas Pacilic
firsts, 11/2 to 85; Southern Railway convention
lives, 1 » 4 to 92; Union Pacific sinking tund eights,
2% to 90. Chicago and Northern Pacific fives cer
tificates rose 1 to 43%, Kansas and Taxas seconds
% to 57%. and Wisconsin Central fives certificates
1% to 37%.
Grain.
FLOUR— Dull, easy ; Winter wheat, low grades,
$1 70; do fair to fancy. $2 40; do patents, $3 70:
Minnesota clear, $2 45: do straits, if 2 95; do
patents, $3 45; low extras, $1 70; city mills,
$4 05: do patents, $4 20: rye mixture, *2 50;
superfine, $1 95; fine. $1 70. Southern flour, dull,
easy : common to fair extra, $2 20; good do. $2 80-
Eye flour, dull, steady : 82 40.
CORNMEAL— Eas '. unchanged: yellow West
ern. 82 05; Brandywine, $2 15.
RYE-Quiet; Western, 39 %@40c: state, 44% c.
BARLEY— Ungraded Western. 38@41c
BARLEY MA LI-Quiet; Western. 48@53c.
• WHEAT— DuII., lirmer, with options checking
business; f. <.. \> . 733/ 8■::8 ■:: ungraded red, 6ui@74c;
No. 1 Nortneru, 67 % cto arrive.
Options were fairly active a d irregular, with
conflicting crop news, closing firm at %@s/ 8 c ad
vance on free covering by shorts. July and Sep
tember most active. No. 2 red, June, ] /2C: July,
>'<:■■ . August, 64c; September, 64i/gc; Decem
ber, 66i B e. •
CORN— DuII: No. 2, 333/ic, elevator; 34% c
afloat.' r.; ■ ■*;'
• Options were moderately active andQrm at i/ 8 @
i/ie aavauce, Following the West and on local
covering. July and September most active. June,
W-'i<--: July, :<4S/ 8 c; August, 353/ 8 c; September,
3&V« C " October, 36VgC.
.i - Steady.
Options dull, firm. June, 23c; July, 2314 c. -■',:
Spot prices: .No. 2. 3v!%o2Sc; No. 2 white, 26c:
No. 2 Chicago, 2334 c: .No. 8, 2i%c: No. 3 white,
23Vi@23y 2 c: mixed Western, 23@24c; No. 3
white Western, '-'4%@:iß%c; whit* State, 24%@
SiBVa c
• FEED BRAN— SS(§;6Oc.
1 DDL IN OB— 60(a65c,
UY Fted. 60c
Provisions.
BEEF— DuII, steady, family $8 50@9: extra
niess.?6(u)7: bi-ef hums, nominal, $14 60: lierced
beef, slow, firm; 1 Ity extra India mess. $11($:2;
cut meats, dull: pickled bellies. 12 pounds, 4c; do
shoulders, 4%c; do hams, 9@9%c.
LARD— Firmer; Western steam, $4 40; city, $4.;
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
W HEMLOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH 01 1 ICE
623 Market BU, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
J. S.PURDY.. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. >'.
CHICAGO. .PRIVATE WIRE. KJEW YORK.
July. $4 47; Refined, dull; continent, $4 65;
South American, $5 15: compound. 4@4s/ g c.
PORK— steady; old niessl $B@B 6l); new mess,
$1 7508 25.
BUTTEH— Fancy, steady; State dairy. 10(31 5c;
do creamery. 11@15%C: Western dairy, lc: do
creamery, Iiy 2 @15%c: do factory. 8@llc;
tlitlns. 15% c; imitation creamery, 10@l-c
CHEESE-- Fancy, quiet, steady; Slate large,
new, 5%@63/ c; do small, new, 4(ct>7c: part skim,
2#4%C: full skims, iy 2 @2c.
i';(i(is— Steady: Stale and Pennsylvania, 13c;
Western fresh. 11%@12%c; do per case, $2 1(»@3.
TALLOW— Firmer", belter demand; city, 31/4 C:
country, sy B@3y4C.8 @3y4C.
COTTuNsEED OIL— Belter demand, firmer;
crude, 19c; yellow prime, 24yyc; off grades,
24 %c.
Rr.-SlN— Dull, easy; strained, common to good,
»1 75.
TURPENTINE— Steady, quiet: 25@26i4c.
POTATOES— New, firm, active; Southern, $1
@S 75. . • . .
hue— Steady, quiet; Domestic, fair to extra,
[<ia ,V'- 4 c: Japan, 4@4y^c.
MOLASSES— Meady, quiet; New Orleans open
Kettle, pood to choice, 27@3?c
coffee— Barely steady. 10ffl20 points down;
July, ?11 45; August, $10 9. (a,ll 05: September,
$10 3G@slo'4o: October, $10 2li(gjlO 30; Decem
!>er, $10 05(0,10 10: May. $9 bO@.9 86; spot Rio,
anil, stead.' ; -No. 7. 131,4 c.
SUGAR— dull, steady : fair refining, 314 c;
centrifupals. 08 test. 33,4 c: refined, quiet, dull;
mold .\, 5y4C: standard a, be: confectioners' A,
4%c; cut Juki ana crushed, 56/ 8 c; powdered, 6
1-16 C; granulated, 6c; cubes, sy±c
Fruit and Produce.
ALMONDS— None.
WALNUTS- None.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8y (S10c.
PEACHES— Peeled, %<■ tb, 12@13c; do nnpeelM,
5y 2 (38c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, »c
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muscatel, 3®3i4c;
do three-crown, 4 (£4 14c: do four-crown, 4%(i»5c:
do London layers. 90cla,$l.
HOPS— Steady; State common to choice, 2%@
8c: Pacific Coast. 2%@2%c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderatly active; American,
«10 75013.
COPPER-Qulet: lake. 811 40@ll 50.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic. *3@;l 02%.
TlN— Dull: straits. Sl3 35@13 45.
PLATES— Quiet.
SPKLTKK-Quiet; domestic, $4 05.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., June 4.— The wheat bought
yesterday came on the market [his morning not
withstanding news that was favorable to better
prices, the pressure of the selling causing prices to
recede materially. The Cincinnati Price Current
summary was bullish in its tenor. Seaboard clear
ances were liberal at 778,946 bushels. The Ohio
condition was officially given as 49, and French
cables were of a nature to curb enthusiasm as to a
large yield in that country. But the bulls were
not worked up to the point of looking at the pros
pec's optimistically. The rapid decline from the
sixties for July wheat has given holders and buyers
such a shock that their recovery is likely to be of
a gradual sort. Keceipts at Chicago were nine cars
and 129,083 bushels were taken from store.
'1 he Northwest had 427 cars against 438' last
Thursday and 198 a year ago. Liverpool cables
were firm and 14 higher. Paris closed 20 to 25
eentim s higher for flour and from 15 centimes
lower to 35 higher for wheat.' Antwerp was un
changed and Berlin %to 1 mark higher. It was
given out shortly after noon that the Michigan
con ii- on was 62, as per that State report. The
foundation of the rumor could not be traced and
the authenticity of the estimate was doubted, yet
prices advanced on the buying which was induced.
cash sales of 200.0J0 bushels were reported here
to-lay. July wheat opened from 57i' <"to 56%c@
67c, sold between shi „■• and 66V4C, closing at
."i7" i-, m,'- 2 c higher than yesterday. Estimated
receipts tor to-morrow, 11 cars.
CORN— In corn the sentiment was clearly a
bearish one. The Cincinnati Price Current ex
tended a glimmer of hope this morning by stating
that excessive Western rains have been a consid
erable drawback to the crop during the past week.
The trade, however, in the absence of something
more definite, was inclined to rely on wheat for
motive. Receipts were 454 cars, and 336,473
bushels were taken from store. Liverpool cables
were firm. Export clearances were 252,093
Onshels. July corn opened at Be. sold between
•JSS' c and 275/BC, closing nt 28y4@283/ B e, y^ffis/gc
higher than yesterday. Esiimated receipts for to
morrow 450 acrs.
OaTS — Were withoui any cheo'ing newsor Intel!
licence. The Cincinnati Price Current reporied
the crop outlook fairly well maintained and the
early action of wheat and corn tended to Influence
the market detrimentally. Bus ness was moder
ate in volume and unimportant in character. Re
ceipts were 363 cars, and 135,106 bushels were
taKen from store. Export clearances were 121,841
bushels. July oats closed a shade under yester
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 350 cars. •
FLAX — Was stendv for cash ana firm for futures.
Cash; 79c; July, 79c; September. 80@81%c. Re
ceipts were 22 cars.
PROVISIONS— The news from the yards this
mo ning was better and prices of product were
temporarily benefited by-it, but when the grain
markets display their weakness, the influence on
provision speculation was soon apparent, reces
sions throughout the list taking place. The bulge
in wheat caused a rally in the provision market
I later. July pork and ribs each closed 2%c higher
than yesterday and July lard 2 1 2 (a)sc higher.
BUTTER— The butter market was firm to-day
with a good business transacted. Receipts were
moderate and the demand good. Prices were un
changed.
EG(iS- Wer? easier, owing to a falling off in the
demand. Receipts were free. Fresh stock, 10(<i)
101 c ft dozen.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and V(d,~% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 85c premium.
Cloning Prices.
WHKAT— June 573/ c; July, 57% c; Septem
ber, 58% c.
CORN— 276/ 8 @2734c; July. 28i4@'-'Bs/ 8 c;
September, 293/gc.
OATS — July. 17%@18c; September, 18Vi@
183/, c.
PuRK-July, «7 07%: September, *7 25.
LARD— $4 20; September, *4 35.
RlßS— July, $3 80: September, $3 95.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, Iti., June 4.— Trade
in cattle to-day was slow. The supply was mod
erate and the demand poor. Prices were a shade
j lower. Offerings of hogs were moderate. The de
mand whs good »nd the feeling generally firm. The
demand for sheep was slow ana the market aver
aged easy.
CATTLE — Receipts. 9000. Fancy beeves,
f 4 20!ij)4 HO; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $3 95(54 10: good to choice steers. 1200
to IBOU pounds, *3 90ra,4 00: medium steers, 1000
to 1600 pounds, Q.i 60&3 66: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. S3 30(a>3 45: leeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. S3 sa@3 90; cows and heifers,
extra. $3 40(8,3 75s cows, lair to choice, «2 3064
3 25: cows, common 10 fair. $1 6Ofa>2 25: Texas
grass steers, $2 50<a,3 15: Texas tea steers. S3 00
@3 80: Texas cows and bulls. *- 20«u3 15; milkers
and springers, pel head, S'Jo@3s; common to
choice stockers. $2 80ca;3 50; Dulls. Choice 10 extra.
$2 90@3 25: bulls, poor to cnoice. $2 00&2 75:
calves, good to choice. $4 i;o«as 20; calves,
common to good, $ 3 25@4 6J.
HOGS— Receipt*, 27,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $2 90(a)3 15: common to choice
mixed, $3 00 0 30; choice assorted, $3 30i£
3 40: light, *3 10@3 37%; pigs. $2 75@3 35.
i-llEKP— Keceipts. 10.000. Inferior 10 enole*,
»3 00144 40: iambs, $3 50*0 25.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, 111., June 4.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day
at the following prices: Royal Anne cherries,
$1 15@1 35 per box; Black Tartarian, 70c(a$l 25;
Centennial, 40c@$l 25; Barreau, 85cfe*l 20.
Good many in bad order.
Porter Bros. Company sold at open auction to
day California fruit at the following prices:
Cherries— Rockports, $I@l 40: Tartarians, 70c(g>
$1 40; Oxhearts. $1 35; Royal A lines. $!fnl 16;
Rigareaus. 80cr<i$l 15; Centennials, 750(0^1 10;
1 Knights, $1 Oof Governor Woods, $1; May Dukes,
! 40c.
SKW YOi'.K, N. V., June 4.— The Earl Fruit
( mupany sold California fruit at oneti auciion to
day, realizing prices as follow*: Governor Wood
chi-rries. 91 25(g,l 60 box: black Tartarian,
$1 Os@l 60; black Bigareau, $1 10fa)l 40.
Porier Bros. Company sold at open auction to
day California Cherries as follows: Tartarians,
$1 25Cg>l 55; Governor Woods, $1 90; Bigareaus,
$1 35.
NKW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Mon«-y and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at iy a ra2%; last loan at 2%
and dosing offered at 1% Prime mercantile paper.
4y»@5%. Bar silver, 68% c. Mexican dollars,
63-'4C. Sterling Exchanne is quiet, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87i/ 4 @4 87%
lor sixty days and $4 88i/i(a)4 88% for demand.
Posed rates. $4 88@4 89. Commercial bills,
$4 86i/t@4 8634. Government honds have been
steady ; state bonds dull: railroad bonds irregular.
Silver at the board was strong.
CLOSINO RTOTKS.
!Am Tel <fe Cable.... 93 Norfolk <fc Westrn. ttfc
Atchlson 14% I'referred 10%
l'referred 2iy 8 Northern Pacific... 5
Adams Express.... US Preferred ISS/ 4
Alton, Terre Haute 57 Northwestern 10-l^
American Expressll4 Preferred 148
American Tooacco. 64 N Y. Central 96y a
Preferred 98 N.Y.,Chicago&-'.L. 12%
BayStatefias 27% Ist preferred 7"
Baltimore A Ohio.. 17% 2d preferred 29
Brunswick Lands.. y a X. Y.&N. H 177
buffalo, Roch <fc P. 19 X. Y. <fc New Eng. 45
Canada Pacific 62 N. V.. Susq & W... M/ 3
Canada southern.. 501/? Preferred 23%
Canton Land 50%')ntario 12
Central Pnci tic 14 >niano <t Western 14
Ches. * Ohio 1.1% Oregon Improvmnt 1
Chicago Alton 157V 2 Preferred
Preferred J7O Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. <fe Q 773/gOreiion Short, Line. 6
Chlcaco& E. 111... 41 (Pacific Mail 26%
Preferred 99 Peoria, D.<fc Evans S3,i
ChlcagoGas 678/, Pittsburg & W. pfd 15
Cleve& Piitsburg..l63 Pullman Pa1ace... .158
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Ga5.. 164% Preferred 14
C. CC * St. Louis 84 Reading 9%
Preferred 82 RloGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 271,4 Preferred 40
Preferred 92 I Hock Island 69»/i
Cotton oil Cert .. . 1 1 ' u'Home Wat&Oi;afcn.ll4y 2
Commercial Cable. 1 50 jSt. L. AS. W *.v 8
Del. Hudson 1"64 Preferred 10%
Del Lack* Westrn. ib3i s S;. Paul 763/ 8
Denver AR. G 12V Preferred 3 27%
Preferred... 48y t St. Paul <fc Duluth. 23
Distillers 17 Preferred 86
General Electric... 331/4 St. Paul A Omaha. 413,4
Erie 14»/» Preferred 122
Preferred 34y a Su 1\ 41. A M 112
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
Fort Wayne 163 isilver Certificates. 69V*
Great Northern pfdl 18 'Southern Pacific... 18*,4
Green Bay. V, Southern K. R..... B'/« !
Hurlem 295 [Preferred......... 28% ;
Hocking Coal iy» Sugar Refinery ....IS3v 8 I
Hocklns Valley.... 153 i Preferred 10;t% !
Honu-stake. 32 |Term. Coal A Iron. 25n/s i
H. <fc Texas Cent... 1 Preferred 100
Illinois Central 93 Texas Pacific...... 7% |
lowa Central 8 !'lol.A.A.<t N.Mich.
Preferred 32% Tol. & Ohio Cent... 32
Kansas* Texas... 10S/ Preferred. .'.;....: 70
Preferred 24 ,Tol.Sr.lx)Uiß* K.C. 5
Kingston & Pern... »• 1 Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Westn 17»/i ! Union Pacific 7
Preferred 70y U. P. Den & Gulf.. 3
Lake Shore...: 150 U. S. Cordage 5y
National Lead 24 Preferred 10
Preferred 88% Guaranteed 20
Long Island 79 IU. S. Express 40
Louisville* Nash. 49% U. S. leather 83,4
Louisville Na&Ch 91' 8 ' Preferred 63%
Preferred .... 20 U. S. Rubber. 22
Manhattan Consol.lo3 Preferred 81
Memphis A Charls. 16 Utica AB. River. .150
Mexican Central... 9% Wab. s.. L. &.Pac. 684
Mlchlga > Central.. 95 Preferred 16»/ 4
Minn AS. L. Wells-Fargo 97
Preferred • . Western Union 841,4
Minn & St. L com. 17 Wisconsin Central. 1
Ist- preferred 76% Wheeling AL. E.. 93/,
preferred 47 1 Preferred... 34
Missouri Pacific.. 23Vs'Am Cotton Oil pfd. 646/s I
Mobile* 0hi0..... 19% W. U. Beef 7 3 /4, ]
Nashville* Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 9
National Unseed.. 15 . Preferred 22
N. J. Central 1055/,: Brooklyn Traction. 23% !
North American... syß!Krie 2d pfd 20
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 4s, registered.. 108 MX T 2ds 57% j
Do coupon 110 '■ Do 48 BMI4
U3 4s new, regstrdllL 3 4, Mutual Union 65... 114
Do 4s, coupon ll<;3 /4 n j Cent Gen 65. ..119
Do 2s 94 Northern Puc Ists.ll7y» 1
Do 5s 113V4, Do2ds 114%
1 o 6s, coupon .. H3l/4 Do 3ds 74
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Conuols.l 3B%
Do 1887 100 Do deb 6s 108
Do 1898 10J OR* N lsls. 119%
Do 1899 100 StL&lronMtGenss 79% !
Pacific -is of '95.... |St L & 8 F Gen 6s. 112
DCS-65S 10914 5t Paul C0n5015.... 131%
Ala Class A4s 107 Ist PC & Palsts...llß
Do Class B 4, 63.. 106 Do Puc Cai lsts-.11l
LaConsol 4s 99%lSoulhern R R 55... 92V*
Missouri funding. .. JTexas Pacific lsts. 85
N Carolina con 65.. 121 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 20%
Do 4s 104 [Union lac 15t5 '96.104
So Carolina 4y a s. . . 106 West Shore 106 1 /*
Term new 3s 83 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 65%
Va funding debt... 60% RGrandeWest lsls 76 , i j
Do registered Ches A O.iio 65....106y 3 !
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchlson 4s 78% j
Do trust rep's st. 6 Do 2ds A 40% 1
Canada Souih2ds.. 104% G H <fc SA 6s .....105
Cen Pac lsts 0f '95.102 Do2d7s 100
Den &P. G Ist 11l HA Tex Cent 65. .111%
Do 45... 91 Do con Vs. .100
Erie 65 Reading 4s 79
Kansas Pa Consols 73 Missouri 6s 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divll3 ■
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Esq., June 4.— The spot market
Is quiet at 5s 3@ss Id. Cargoes dull at 2Gs sellers,
on passage.
FCTURKB.
Tae Produce Exchange cableglves the following j
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s 113/4 d; July, 4s ll*/4d; August. 4s 11*41; Sep
tember, 4s lis^d: October, 4s 11 %d.
SKCURiTiKs.
LONDON, F.no., June 4.— Consols, 113 7-16;
silver, 31% d; French Rentes. 102f 7%C
KXCHANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 .days — $4 88»4 i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89%
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12% !
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, ft ounce — 68% 1
Mexican Dollars 648/4 • 55
" *
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Caterlna Accame takes for Cork
57,662 ctls, valued at $61,352: Edenballymore, for j
Cape Town, 60,125 ctls at $72,150.
Futures went down In the face of stronger East- j
crn and foreign markets. Spot prices were un- 1
changed. No. 1. $1 a,l 02y 2 : choice, $1 03« 4
1 05; lower grades, 95@P7y 3 c; extra choice ior 1
milling, $1 07%@l 17% f* cii.
CALL BOARD SALES.
iNroBMAL Session— lo o'clock— December— 3oo j
tons,9B%c; 400, 9884 c.
Kkuii.ak Morning Session— December— 4oo
ions, 99 1 ■„.- ; 1200. 99y 4 c.
AtTKKNooN skssion — December — 400 tons,
99 ; 1400, 99y B e. •::"
BARLEY— Nothing new. Feed, 70@711/4C ft cU;
choice, 72% c; Brewing, 77y 2 @Bsc.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session-— lO o'clock— December— 6oo
tons. 701.4 c: 100 (off call), 70y 2 c.
I'.foiub Morning session— December— loo I
tons, 7oy c v;v,
A fternoox Skssion — December— 2oo tons,
70y 2 c: 500, 70S/,c.
OATS — No further change. Milling are quotable
at 85@87y 2 c ft ctl: fancy Feed, 87%@92% ft ctl; !
good to choice. 82%@87%c; common to fair, 75® \
80cf (.ray. 80@85c; surprise, 92%c@$l ft ell.
Corn — Previous prices rule. Large Yellow,
87y 2 ®9oc ft ctl; small Round do, 97y a c; White,
Bo@B6c ft ctl.
RYE— 7s(a76l4c ft ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- 85@90C ft Ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 r* bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55<»3 65;
superfine, $2 75@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, 19 50@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 ft ton.
MILLSTITFFS— Prices in 10-ft> sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: Rye Flour, 3'^c; Rice Flour, 2 c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3 x / 2 c; Oatmeal,
33/ic: Out Groats, a c: Hominy, 4fe4%c; Buck- I
wheat Flour, 4c: Cracked Wheat, 2 c; Farina, |
4%c; Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4Vic; ,
Pearl Barley, 4i /2 c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
5%c ft ft). _^
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFB.
BRAN-515@16 $ ton.
MIDDLIN<s-sl6 50@17 50 "f, ton for lower
grades and $18(219 fi ton for the best,
FEEDSTUFF*— Rolled Barley, «16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal at the null, $20 per ion; jobbing, $21 ;
Cottonseed oilcake. $21 ion.
II A V — Receipts of new are larger. New Wheat
and Oat, $7 50®9 50; new Oat, $7 50@8; new
Barley, $6 50(<D7 50: new Alfalfa, $4<g;4 50 'f,
to . Old liny is quoted as follows: Wheat. $H@
11 91 ton: Oat, $7.U9: Wheat and Oat, $*@10 50; !
Barley, $7(<68 50 f« ion; Clover, $6t07 50 t> ton: |
Compressed Oat. $6 50@8; Compressed Wheat, $7 I
@10 50; stock, $b(a;7 per ton.
BTRAW-30(g,50c V bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Are very dull. Bayos, 90c®$l ; Small
Whites. .$1 25(3)1 35 f» ctl: Pea, $1 20® 1 HO ft ctl:
Large Whites, 90c(a.*l »ctl; I'ink. 85(<c95c; Iteds,
$125; Blackeye, $175: Red Kidney, nominal;
Limn.',. $2 50A9 70: Butters, $1 4Ufa.i 60 for small
and $1 25(51 50 ior large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 50®
225 ~$ ctl: Trieste, $LYd>2 !.O 'f. ctl: Yellow Mus
tard, fl 40(ai 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary, 2»Ac I
"r 1 n.: Alfalfa, 7y a @/9i/ 2 * lb; Rape, 2y 2 c » tb; '
Hemp, 3y 2 c t> lb.
DRIED PEAS-81 25@i 40 H ctl for Nlles and
$ 1 25fgjl 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New I otatoes in sacks, 85c@$l 10;
new Early Rose in boxes from the River, $I@l 15:
new Garnet Chiles, SI 10(a;l 20: New Burbank
Sc-pilliugs, $ ! 10(al 25: Oregon Kurbanks, 60^i85c;
Er.rly Rose. 60to/sc: Petnluma and Tomales, 60®
70c f* ctl; Humboldt B' rbanks, 65@75c t* ctl.
i iNlONS— Steady at ;^or<ii4Oc f» ctl.
VBOKTABLKB— ArrivaIs were 404 boxes As
paragus, 182 boxes Rhubarb and 310 sacks Peas.
There is nothing new.
Alamt-da summer squash, s@6c; Stockton Sum
mer Squash. $1 :!5 'f, box; Egg Plant, 10c t$ lb;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25@2 f* box: Cucum
bers, 50c@l (iO7.eD; Asparagus, f-Oc@sl box
for ordinary and 81 25@2 tor extra: Rhubarb,
75<(a)$l 26; Dried Peppers, 7®«c; Green Pep
pers. 10c * Tb. (Jreen Peas, 50®75c fi sack for
commtm and $I@l 25 for(iarden; string Beans,
for Los Angeles and 6(g»9c %4 lb for Winters;
Horse Beans, 40(a50c "# sack; Dried Okra, 12y 2 c;
Cabbage, 45@50c ft ctl; Garlic, 4(5,5c lb.
BUTTER, tHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— at the advance.
Ckkameby— Fancy, 2 @loc. seconds, 13®
14c ft lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 13@13%c; good to choice, 12®
12% c; lower grades, ll@liy c. • <
cheese— ls a fraction easier again. Sellers
cheerful'y make concessions. Fancy mild new,
6%c; common to good, 6®6c ft lb; Cream Ched
dar. 9c: Young America, 7(a>Bc %1 lb; Western, 10
@llc; Eastern, 12@12%c.
k.GGS— Ranch are steady, but cheap Eggs ar«
easy. Eastern Eggs, ll@12c: store Eggs, 11®
liy 2 c: ranch Eggs, 12%@14c; Duck £ggs, 14®
15c If* doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Young stock is firm. Otherwise the
market shows no change.
Live Turkeys, 12%@14c$ 0) for Gobblers, 11@
12i- 2 c for Hens: Geese, $ pair, $I@l 25; Ducks,
.*('.• 4 for old and Ua"> for young; Hens, $3 50@
$4 50: Roosters, young, 87@8: do, old, $4@4 60:
Fryers. $5 M)&ts: Broilers, $4(a»6 for large and $2
@B for small; Pigeons, $1 2S@l 50 ft doz for
young uric; old.
game — Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals Of Cherries were
2780 boxes, selling at 60(#75c for White; 65@75c
%1 box for Black, and 85c@$lfor Royal Anne.
Cherries in bulk, t%@7c ft lb for Wh.te, 6@7c for
Black and for Royal Anne.
Peaches sell well at $I@l .' 0 14 box. The Geor
gia crop is reported only 25 or 30% of an average
crop, which w 11 tend to help' California Peaches.
Cherry P. urns. 40®t55c ? box
Large Plums, 75<:(at*l 25 IB crate. •,
Green Apples, 75c ft box in small and il 50 In
large boxes.
Green Pears, 35560 eft box.
Pringle Apricots sold at 50c@$l ft box; Royals,
85c^*l 50 "0 box.. Receipts were 176 boxes. ■ -
Ili.KKIEs— Receipts of Strawberries were 268
Chrsts, selling at $7@)10 chest for Longworths
and $4@6 for large berries.
Gooseberries; l%@2c ft lb in , bulk for small and
2@3c ft It' in bulk for large. ...
Raspberries, 60@75c ft , drawer; Newcastle
Kagpbernes, $1 25@l 60 ft crate.
Blackberries from Central and southern Califor
nia, $'>@i> 25 $ ate. ' ' .V ~- '
Currants. $3 60@5 ¥ chest.
CJTIUs FRCirs— Oranges are quotable at
75c@$l 50 f* box for Seedlings, $3@4 '# box for
Navels, $1 s<>@2 60 for Malta Bloods and SI 25f<S
2 "5 for Metnterranean Sweets: Lemons, 75c@
$150 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6(*7; California Limes, $1 %* bx;
Bananas, $I@2 $ bunch; Pineapples, #3@6 •■%»
dozen. ,
Hi; j i.i> FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC. ,
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c 9 tb for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4y a c lor evaporated;
Peaches, ?@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6V2©
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc t*
lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2%c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c 'f, lb
for evaporated halves, 3y->@6c ~? * for quarters:
Prunes, 3&31/4 C; Plums, 3L3 L / 2 c 'f> Ib for pitted and
I%'®2c tor unfitted: Nectarines, 3y2&ssc %* lb for
prime to choice and 5i /2 c for fancy. -
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4@4y 2 c
* tb; sun-dried, I%rdl2c: Peaches, B%@sc and 6c
for fancy; peeled in 'boxes, 12y*c > lb; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 5<3)5y 2 c for 40(0.50's and 4y (<rsc for
60@60's; Apricots, 6%®9c lor prime to choice,
10(g/ll for fancy Moorpark: Fi«s. black, 3y c;
White 1-igs, 'i(d)bc: Pears, 8c %4 lb for evaporated
halves and 4@7y>c for quarters; Plums, 3%@4c
for pitted anil l<gjiy 2 c forunpilted; Nectarines,
4(g,5c V tt> for prime to choc ■
KAISiNS ASH DlUi^D GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload loth, f. o. b. sail Fruncisco: Four
crown, loose, 38/4.C; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown.
2y u lb: seedless Si'ltauas, 3y 2 c; seedless
Muscatels, 2V»@23 /4 c; 3-crowu London layers, 70c
V box clusters, ail 35@1 50; Dehesa clusters,
*2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried
rapes, 1$ lb.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3%@4c; 3
crowu, 314 c V lb; 2-crown, 2S/i@3c Seerti ess sul
tanas, 4c ft It); Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 76@s)0c; Clusters, $1 60@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, if 2 75;
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc "$ lb
for No. 1 bard and ll@l3c V lb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7y»c V 1 * tor Langue
doc and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Pea
nuts, 6%@7c lor Eastern and 4y 2 @5y 2 c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, 5@,6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B(g,9c; 1- rMJ Nuts,
9®loc lb: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 51 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c •> tt> for
bright ana 8(&9c lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6(a6i /2 c $ lb; light, amber ex
tracted, 4Vi@4« / 4c: darK amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX— a c * tt).
. PROVISIONS. -
Cottolene is lower. No other change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6c f»
lb for heavy, 7c $ lb for light medium, 9c %4 lb for
light, 10c for extra lieht and 12c * lb for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, liy-ic; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c H lb; Mess Beef, $7 50(§<8:
extra mess do, $8 50(a9; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $8 60@9; extra clear, $14 3 bbl;
mess, $12 ft bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c * tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 614 cV* lb
for compound and 6%c for pure; pails. 7%c;
California tierces, sV*c for compound snd 6i^c tor
pure; half-bbls, 6Vi(at6yac; 10-lb tins, 7yio; do
5-lb, 73/4 ? lb.
coil OLENE— 6®6yic In tierces and 6»A(aj7yßC
* lb in tins. .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The circular of W. B. Sumner A Co. says:
"There Is more activity In Hides and Leather in
the East and prices are a mile firmer with a small
advance. Wet salted Hides are somewhat more
ac.ive, and we advance prices to conform to the
present condition of trade. Dry flint Hides con
tinue In demand for shipment East and prices are
based on values obtainable there. Dry Hides show
a small advance. Dry Kip, nowever, are neglected
and rule at lower prices than dry Hides. Wool and
sheen skins continue very quiet, and there is no
encouragement for any better values for some
time .10 come. Tallow remains nominal at low
figures."
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7@7y c; culls and brands 6@6y*c:
medium, fc'®6VzC; culls and brands. 5@5%0; Junt,
6c; culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides. 5(9!5i/2C; culls
and brands. 4(g).i A c; salted Kip, 5c «4 Ib; salted
Calf, 7(&8c: salted Veal. 6c; dry Hides, 10%(^llc:
culls and brands, f®-<iaC; dry Kipand Veal, B@Uc:
culls, 7c; dry Call, 16c; culls, 10c; GoatsKins,
20(g.35c each; Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good summer.
30c; meJlum. 15@25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings. lOAISc each; short wool, 21®
3 fie each; rut-alum. 40i*50c each; long wools, 50@
60c each. Culls of all kind, about yy 2 c less,
TALLOW— .No. 1, rendered, 3Vi(3>a%c; No. 2,
3c; retlneJ, 6%@5%c: Urease, -'' £ t 1 tb.
WOOL— Va ley •. regon, 9(giloi,2'' ¥■ tb: do
lower grades. BCai9i 2 c %i n>; Nevada, 6@9c > lb;
San Jonquiii and southern Coast, six months, 4(a»6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%(S6y c; northern free,
7@9c;do defective, s@ti%<; 'f> *•
HOPS-iy 2 lb.
GKNJEKAL 31KKCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Baors, spot, $4 25; June-
July delivery, $4 37%; San Quentln, ti 20; Wool
Bags, 24%@28%c.
COAL— Wellington $8 iP ton; New Wellington,
$8 V ton; Southrield Wellington, $7 50 1* ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsenl, %7: Scotch, $7 50; BryniDO. $7 50;
Cumberland, $11 @lii in bulk and $13^14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg*. $11 50; Welsh
Anthr»clte, $8: Caunel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$11@12 In bulk and $1* ft ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: i übe. Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6ysc: Dry Granulated, 5y 2 c;
Confectioners' A, 6S/ 8 c: Magnolia A. 4y«c; Extra
C, 43,4 c: Golden C, 45,j,c; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes Vac more.
SYRUP— Golden, In bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
* gal. _____
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5@5%c; second do, 4 V 2 @
43'ic: third do, 3' 3 @4c ft lb.
VEAL— Large. s(gi6c; small, 6@7c f> lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, syote6c: Ewes, 5y 2C2 C V tt>.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6(a.t)i/ 2 c ij* lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3VB@^'4'' "¥ lb for large and
3 1 /i@3%c for small and medium; dressed do, 4y 2
@si/ie %i lb. ,
.RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOUBS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 13,003|Butter, ct15....... 289
Oregon 9.446' Cheese, ctls 256
Wheat, ctls. 2.654 Eggs, doz 12,900
Oregon I,637. Hides, no 664
Barlej.ctls 6,215 Pelts, bdls 135
Oregon, 5k5..... 367 Wool, bis ' 66
Oats, Or, ctls. 705! Oregon?. 199
Rye, ells 4881 Wine, ga15........ 46,400
Beans, sks. 704 Leather, r0115.... 48
Oregon 1.312 Tallow, c: ls. 12
Potatoes, 5ka..... 1,130 Kalsins, boxes... 1,746
! Onions, sks. 257 Lumber. M feet.. 10
Bran, sks 259 Quicksilver, flsks 84
Oregon 1,739jGr Screenings, sk: 664
Middlings, Bks... 150 Flaxseed, Or, sk. 1,108
Hay, tons 187' Borax, sks 260
♦
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feeling was steady yesterday and several of
the leading stocks sold 6@loc better than on
Wednesday, but the general market was un
changed.
The Overman assessment falls delinquent In
office to-day.
The directors of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany accepted proposals on the Ist for 5000 shares
of stock at $09 per share, to be delivered on the
lllh. Yesterday they declared a dividend of 50c
per share on stock previously Issued, payable on
the 10th. The new stock will be entitled to the
dividend In July.
Reports from the Bodie and Gold 11111 mines con
tain no news of importance.
i.i>.\..i> SALES.
Following were th* sale* "> . "»s -San FrancUaa
Btorir Ponri vpnterdftv.
Rianuß MORvmra HRSSTOV roUWUVCIXI 9:10.
100 Alta 19 200 Ch011r.. 3.20:150 0ccidt1..1.75
600 Andes 491100 ..........3.151100 ....... 1.70
400 8e1cner... 731200 C P0int... 63 760 Ophlr. . .1.90
200 B & li.. 1.45:300 AC. .1.50100 P0t051..1.45
50 Bodle 7U'JOO UAH... 2.85 100 S Ny ...1.05
600 8u11i0n., .30 100 ........ .2.90 Union. .l.oo
200 8u1wer.... 34 100 Mxcan.l.os 600 Utah 20
850 CC&V...3.00 100 .........l.lO'lOO V Jackt..66
ArTKRNOON SBSSION— 2: ST.
100 Alta 101 50 CC&V...3.00|100 Overman. 28
100 Ande5... .62200 Exchqr...O9|7OO P0t051...1.50
100 8e1cher.. .76 500 G & C..1.56; 5 ..........1.40
400 Benton ...80 700 H&JN... 2.80 100 Savage.. l.7o
400 B H.. 1.50 !100! 100 2.86100 Bel. .19
200 Bodle 67 900 Mex....1.i5 100 Nev..1.10
200 8u1wer....35 50 0cc1dt1..1.75j200 .....'.:. 1.15
60 Change... 46 100 1.70 200 Union... 1.05
150Cb011ar..3.20 550 0phir.... 2.00 Ctahv.....19
100 3.26 100 2.06:200 YJckt.... 6B
200 CC&V...3.05 200 2. 10 1
Following were tne sales in taa Paoiaa atoalt
fcoard yesterday:
RKiji-I.aR HKSSIOV — 1O:1'I.
300 Alpha '2« 409 CCV....2.9511000cc1d....1.70
600 Alta. 19250 3.02 V a 400 1.72%
100 Ande5. ...48450 3.05J40U Ophlr..
300 49 150 : 3.00 260 .........1.»6
300 .511100 C0nn... .1.851160 ... .....1.95
100 5. 500 Con 1m...03T00 ....:.. 1.92%
200 8e1cher.. .73500 ........ 02 100 .......1.97%
200 ...... ;....74 400 CrwnPt...67 ......... .2.00
150; 1.601300 Kxchqr.. .08 600 0vrmn....27
50 1.47 1,« 350 O 4 C. '..1.65 200 ...;..'. .....28
200 Bodle 68 250 H<feN...2.B6i:ioo P0t0»1..1.45
200 8u11i0n... 801200 ......... 2.90500 Savafe..l.t>6
400 Bulwer... 33 :200: 200 Julia. 15200 ... 1.671-
-200 Caleda 111300 Justice ...11 500 SBitM... 18
100Chaling...4bi500 K«ntack..O6 200 •i Nv.1.07%
400 Ch011... . 3.15 300 Mexn... 1.06 500 ail Hi11.. ;.0»
300 3.20 450 .'.....1.12% 800 Union el.oo
350 3.25 150 .1.15|100 Ulah 20
260 3.22% Mono 08 400 YJacKet..67
60 3.17i /2 | -■ ■ ■ |
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
100 Alpha.... CCV..3.02y 2 |l oo 0ph1r. ..2.00
500 Alta 19 160 ........ 3.05250 197 i/ 2
300 Andes... .521200 C P0int... 06 300 0vrmn....29
660 .....51J300 G&C.1.62%1200 ......... 28
200 81chr.....75 200 1.55 550 Potosi .. 1.50
400 8A8. ..1.50 100 H&N ;..2.80 400 .......1.47y
800 1.47 i.A, 100 2.82V-350 .1.4&
700 ......... 1.4;. 1000 ........a.7g 100 Savag...
300 80d1e. ....67 300 Julia.. 151200 Scorpion. .lo
300 8u11i0n.. .2>0:200 Justice.. ..l2 4oo S 1i<tM....19
200 Bulwer.. .36 Keutuck..O6 100 S Nv.i.o7Vo
300Caleda....ii;400 Mex.... !100 ...... 1.10
600 Cn0iir... 3.25:1000 ........1.1.. 500 Sil Hi 11.. .06
100 3.221/2 200 Occdt... 1.70 250 Uni0n. .1.05
250 .........3.SSO 450 ........»1.65 300 Utah.... 19
100 2 200 0phir. . .1.961201) YJacl£«t..6B
100 •• 3.16300 ....... ..2.06 100 ...........67
100 Conn.... 1.40, 400 .......2.03%
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, June 4—4 P. 11.
Sid. Asked. 1 Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 22 24 Jackson 40 —
Alia. 19 20iJulia. — 15
Andes...... 50 51.1us;lce 10 12
Heicher 76 7<*Kentuck — 06 |
Best &Belcherl.4s I.so Lady Wash.... 04 05;
Benton C0n.... 20 -Mexican. ..1.10 1.16
Bodie. 60 70 Mono ... — 10
Bullion 29 30 Nevada Queen. — 05
8u1wer.. ...... 34 06 Occidental. ...1.70 1.75
Caledonia. 11 12 ; 0ph1r....... .. I.^*s 2.00
Chollar S.'iO 3.25 Overman 27 28
Con.Cal.<feVa..3.oo 3.05 Potosi 1.45 1.50
Challenge Con. 43 44 : savage .1.65 ' 1.7<"
Con. Imperial. 02 03Scorpion — 11
Confidence.... — I.4o|Seg. Belcher. 18 20
Con New York — lOJSvndicate. 04 05
Crown Point... 65 67 silver Hi 11.... 05 07
EastSierrnNev — (16' sierra Nevada. 1.10 1.15
Exchequer 08 10 Union Con 1.00 1.05
Gould Curry. 1.50 1.55 Utah.. 18 19
Hale&Norcrs 2.75 2.80. Yellow Jacket. 56 67
COLD. MINING EXCHANGE.
400 Amalle 2 50800 Lockwood Con-. 35
180 2 55800 36
200 2 60 Providence
■ Champion. ■ Asked... 60 00 !
Bid 20 00 200 Savannah 37 I
Asked 25 00 100 - 38 '
100 Grant li 200 » 39
600.. 13 100 40
Kennedy 100 41 1
Bid 1000 -00 42 ,
Asked... 12 50 100 43 !
Keystone. 400 Sebastopol....- 49 i
Bid 66 00 400 60
100 Lockwood Con.. 32 Thorpe
100 33 Asked 70
100 34
. LOCAL. SECURITIES.
Bid 50 Spring Valley Water 98 50
Asked San Francisco Gas. : 83 50
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Thursday; June 4—2 p. *.
.. ' . UNITED STATES BON DB. . v
Bid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
U8 4scoup..loßS;i - U8 4s reg...10e% —
Donewissuellti 116%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-»tCbless. — 113 iPacßollM6s. — —
Cal£lecL6s — 122% Do 2d is 65... — —
CntraCW6s9S 97 Oily 6a. 105 120
Dpnt-stH*-cp 77 96 P&Ch Ry 6s. — 107
Edßnl.*P6s - . 122V 2 Pwl-st RRBs. — 116 V,
F&CHKK6s.IO4V 2 — Reno, WI&L — 105
Geary-stßss. — 106 Sacto p& L. — 102% ■
1-osAngLOs. — 101 SK&N PR 58.10034101% '
DoGnieedSs — 103 SPRRAriz6s — 97V 3 ;
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — iSPRRCaI 65.10a%11l \
DoßyCO)iss.. — 104% SPRRCaI ss. — — .
NatVinttslut 95 100 IsPßrßCalßs. 99%100
NevCNgß7s. t»5 105 SVWater6s.. — 11H5/8 I
NPCRR6S.IO3 110 SVWateris.. — 99y
NRyCal 63.103 — StktnGAE 6s — 100
NRy Cal — 100 Sunsi'l\tT6s 100 —
Oak Gas ss. .101 104Va'Sutter-5tR55.107% —
I>o2dis6s.. - 106 VisaliaWC6s — 9Z
Omnibus bs 119 1.0 |
WATKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37% 39 iSan Jose 75 100
Marln C 0.... 50 — jSprng Valley 98% 99
! , :V,T : GAS stocks,
Capital - 27i/ 2 Pacific Llirht 46Vj 47
Centra! '..95 — San Francsco 933/ 93% !
OakGL<fcU — 6224 Stockton..... — 2ly a
PacGaslmp. — 86i/ i
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fireman's 167 1/ 2 180 |San 25 50
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. — — ]LondonP<fcA.
Anglo-Cal 51S/i — |London&SF. — 27%
Bank of Ca1.. 288 242V 2 Meich Ex... 12 — .--■
l'»l 8 D&TCo 55% 57%I.N'evada — —
FirstNailonl.l7B 182y 2 jsather BCo. — —
Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
OerSALCo.I4IS 1500 jSav&Loan.. — 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Se< tirily 250 280
Mutual — 40 Union trust. 750 800
SFSavUnlon — 485 ,
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 110 Oak SL&Uay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 65 Presidio 7 —
Market-5t.... 438^ 44 Sutter-st — '■;. — V
POWDEK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — lHi/ 8 G1antC0n....' 24% 25
Eastern D... — 81% Judson D.... — " —
California 75. — iVieoriU — 1
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
AlaskaPkrs. f6y a 97 Nat Via Co.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic Ssco 23 24%
Cal cot Mills - — Pre auk V A 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PaeßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison L!ghtll9%l2o Pac Roll Mill - —
GasConAssu. — — Parf PaintCo 6% 7%
(ier Lead Co. 85 — iPacTr .nsCo. — 24
IUwCASCo.. 18V a 19 IPac TttT Co. 55 70
Hutch SPCo i' 37/8 24 Sunset T&T. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 lUnlted C Co. — 25
SALES— HORNI.Ntt SESSION.
Board—
25 Giant Powder Con 34 75
160 Hutchlnson P Co. 24 00
125 do do 23 75
35 Market-st Railway 43 87%
100 sv Water 99 25
$12,000 SF&N P Railway 80nd5...... 101 50
$10,000 do do 101 26
Street—
6 Pacific Gas Imp 86 00
10 Pacific Lighting 47 00
SALES— AFTERNOON RBSStOX.
Board—
15 Edison Light* Power Co 119 60
50 Hawaiian Commercial 19 00
7 ■-'.=> Hutchinson .1 P Co 24 60
. 2& do d0,b7.. 24 00
35 S F Gaslight 93 25
20 v Water 99 00
Street—
95 Hutchinson S P Co »4 00
" * ■: ' " I « • »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Savings and Loan Society to Mary M. Gagan, lot j
on NW corner of Jackson and Larkin streets, W
25 by N 102:81/4; $5000.
Arthur P. Boo.h to Charles S. Booth, lot on E ;
line of Guerrero street, 160 N of Fifteenth, N 25,
B ill, s\V 2H, W 109: *5.
Charlotte Gleln to Elizabeth Walton. lot on Sline j
of Eighteenth street. 230 E of Noe, E 25. by S I
114: $10.
Rose E. and Charles G. Stuhr to John E. and j
Anna Hebrank, lot on S line of Clipper street, 210 '
W of, Church, W 30 by & 114; $10.
Jacob and Catharina Rpimers to Claus M. G.
Beimers, lot on S line of Twenty-eighth street,
203 Kof Sanchez, E25 by S 114; $6>o.
Farmers' and Mechanics' Savings Bank to Elesi
Van Wamel, rerecord 981 d 213, lot on N line of
Twenty-fifth street, 80 W of Diamond, W 80 by N
114 : $5.
F. E. and Ella R. Luty to same, lot on N line of
Twenty fifth street, 80 W of Diamond, W 80 by N
114; $10.
A. and Elesl Van Wamel to Agnes T. Albert, lot
on N line of Twenty- street, Bo Wof Diamond,
W 70 by N 114; $10.
F. E. and Ella K. Luty to Emilio Lastreto, lot on
NW corner of Army and Diamond streets, N 114
by W 80; $1.
Kmilio L astreto to John M. Manning, same: $10.
George M earns (trustee) to same, same; $100.
Quong Yee to Chan Kai, lot on E line of Wash
ington place, 80 of Jackson street, s33by E DO;
■ $10.
Joseph Johnston to Charles A. Warren and Ed
ward M alley, lot on W line of Kansas street, 300
S of sierra. S 100 by W 25; $10
Sophia Johnstone to 11. B. Thomas, lot on W !
line of Third avenue, 375 S of Deeth (California ;
s reel south), s 25 by W 120; *10.
George A. and Laura : . McCalvy to Josle E. i
Howe, lot on E line of Second avenue, 25 S of
Clement street, 525 X 82:6, subject to mort
gage; $10. '
Jnsie E. Howe to Columbia Building and Loan
Association, same; $50.
Mary A Wight man to M. L. MUrovich, lot on
SE corner of Point I,<>bos and Seventeenth ave
nues. B 25 by 6 100: $10.
Jacob and Lina He man to Henry Kramer, lot
on MO line of X street and Thirtieth avenue, S
125, E 120, N 25, W 12:6. N 100, W 107:6: $10.
Hannnh Greely to Mary Ecan, lots 668, 673,
676. 677 and 679, gift map 2: $10.
Marianne Althabegovtl to Louisa Lequ erne, lot
on E line of Nebraska s'reet, 425 N of Augusta,
N 25 by X 100. also lot :592. Silver Terrace Home- j
stead: $600. •
M. aDd Catherine A. McCann to Thomas G. Gil
lespie. lot on E line of Ramseil street, 175 N of
Garfleld, N25 by & 100, block 34, City Land As
sociation; $10.
AI.AMKHA COUNTY.
Maria L. and Antonio Vieira to W. W. Allen St.,
lot on E line of Chestnut street, 100 S of Eighth
s j7:BV4 by E 132, lot 5, block 538, Oakland;
$3v!50.
Charles D. and Ella N. Pierce to Eliza W. Krue
ger, lot on S, line of Nolan or Thirty-third street,
369:614 B of Grove, E 50 by 8 170, being lot 11,
Collins Tract, Oakland; $10. .
9 Charles H. and Alice B. Hall to Myron T. Hol
comb, lot on SE line of Eighth avenue, 50 Nli of I
East Eighteenth street, NE 60 by SE 100, portion
of block 107, Clinton Tract, East Oakland; $10.
John and Christian I obler to Charles Kuhn, lot
on E line of Bray avenue, 120.52 S of Tobler
street, E 120 by S 68, lots 30 and 31, Lamp Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. . . .-
Frultvale Land Company to -John Laing, lot on
E line of Bialne street. 225 Sof Twelfth, S 50 by
E 126, portion of lots 6 and 6, block, M, Hunting
ton Tract, Brooklyn Township: $5.
George H. and lsabelle Laugford to N. Gertrude
Brown, lot on SW corner of Benton and Brown
streets. W 41 by S 116:6. belli* lot 36, block A,
Rruinagln Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
1 f.':-; ■& Builders' Contracts.
Dr. Julius Rosenstirn, owner, with Sam Ikel
heimer & Brother, contractors, gasfitting and
plumbing for building on .N W corner of "Sutler
and Hyde" streets, W 117:6 by N 77:6; $12,000:
architects, Saliield A Kohlberg.
Mary Soper, owner, with Thomas J. . Crawford,
contractor, one-story frame building on S line of
Heron street, 165 E of Eighth, E 20 by 8 80:
$1250; architect, A. J. Barnett.
M. Koley, owner, with James Mooney, contrac
tor, alterations and additions for a three-story
frame building, and also a two-story frame build
ing (new), except the, plumbing and gasfltting,
sewering, painting and electric work, on W line of
Devlsadero street, 37 N of Post. W 86:3, 8 37, E
86:3, N 37; $6000: architect, > homas J. Walsh.
W. Botsford, owner, with William Little, con
tractor, alterations and additions for three-story
frame building at 1236 and 1236y a FoUom street;
$3500, .;• :.-t
Michael Driscoll, owner, with John Keneally,
contractor, to erect a two-story building on X line
of i onnect cut street. 175 S of Nap*; $2139.
in i>K4.t.i: a i-iim BULLJiXIN.
bbahcu hviiroobaphic officib, tj. 3. N. )
Merchants' Exchanor. ' >
Ban Francisco. June 4. 189 R. )
The tune ball on Telegraph lull was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— c., ac noon of the 12Uth
meridian, or exactly at 8 jr. m.. Greenwich time.
' A. F. Fkcutelkb,
Zileutenant U. a. iS n in cnarso. •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
June. 1896.
OC EAN STEAMERS.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
C. 8. COAUT ASP GEOnKTIO SrRVHY TtD*"»
Bui/LKTis Published by Official V
AITTHOHITY OF THK SITPKRINTKNDKST. )
Friday June 5.
Snnrlses 4.47 ' Moon rises 1.07 am
Sun sets 7. 30 1 Moon sets
June-1H96.
.notk- In the aoove exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left band
column, and the puccessive tides of the day iv the
order of occurrence as to tim<\ The second tlmin
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hnnil column eives tho last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
•oundinKs on the United States Coasi Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractive
fron i !"• I ■ ' •■ yen hi- lip eh»r*
NOTICE TO MARKETS.
San Francisco Kntrance— California-
Notice is hereby given that a first-class can
buoy to whici is attached a bell buoy painted red
and black horizonta stripes has been placed iv
lhi/ 2 fathoms moan low water to mark Mile
Rocks, entrance to san Francisco Kay, California.
The following are tne bearines (magnetic):
Fort Point Lighthouse. NJE 3g N.
Bonita Point lighthouse, N W.
Mile Hock NE by E V 4 B« 'lis-.ant i/ 8 of a mile.
By order of the Lighthouse Hoard,
Frank ( otrtis, Comma?. der O 8 N.
Inspector Twelfth Llghthoose DistricL
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrived.
THURSDAY, June 4.
Btmr Greenwood. Carlson. IS hours from Point
Arena: B.VJS r r ties, to L E White Lumber Co. <
simr Point Arena, Johnson, IS hours from .N>
varro; pass and mdse, 'o Mendocino Lumber Co. ]
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, 3 days from ■
Portland, via Coos Bay 45 hours; pass and mdse, !
to Nor. h Pacific steamship Co.
Stmr Mexico, Hall. 61!<2 hours from San Diego, j
etc; pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Strnr Alameda. Van Oterendorp. 24 days 10 j
hours from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days, 13 hours ■
and — mm: "pass" and mdse, to J D Spreckels A \
Bros Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 623, i nours from |
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse. to |
Goodnll. Perkins A Co.
.-tmr Washtenaw. Crosscup, 7f '.ours from Ta- |
coma; 4800 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct. |
Stmr ProLjrcso, S-torrs. HJ hours from Seattle;
2671 tonscoai. to I' B Cornwall. Up river direct.
stmr Del None. Stockfleth, 66 hours from Grays
Harbor: pass and lumber, to E X Wood Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Olpsy, Leland. 19 hours from MossLandine,
etc: produce, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 48 hoars from
Redondo: ballast, to J R Ilanify.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 24 hours from Port Har
ford: ballast, to J R llanlfy.
siuir Geo Loomis, Bridgett, — hoars from Ven
tura: oil. to Pacific Coast on Co.
Schr Edward Parke, Anderson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor; 275 M ft, lumber, to Grays Harbor
Commercial Co.
Cleared.
THURSDAY. June 4.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins, Portland; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co.
stmr City of Everett, Buckman, Nauaimo, R
Dunsrauir A Sons.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. June 4.
Btmr Eureka. Jepson. Han Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, Fort Bragg.
Simr Weßtport. Jacobs.
Haw stmr san Mateo, Fletcher, Comox.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Stmr City of Everett, Buckman, Nwiaimo.
t>tmr Scotia, Johnson.
Brship Edenballymore, May, Cape Town.
Schr Maxim. Olson. Caspar.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Ingelbretson, Nehalem River, j
Schr Conrianza, Weber. Nehalem River.
Charters.
The following wheat vessels have been char- j
tered for new crop loading: Levland Brothers and i
Ulrica, 27s 6d: Sir Robert Fernie, 26s 9d.
The ship John C Potter loads coal at Departure
Bay for this port: schr Okanogan, lumber at Port j
Gamble for a Japanese pori.
The Ilala loads wheat at Tacoma for Cape Town.
private.
The Br ship Conishead is chartered for wheat to
Europe at 24s 6d.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, June 4—lo r. M.— Weather,
foggy: wind W; velocity, 16 miles.
Spoken.
May 29-Lat 49 N. long 29 W, Br ship Kilmory, I
from Seattle, for Queensiown.
May 20-Lat 4H N. long 29 W, Ger Ship J C
Glade, hence Jan 5. for (Jueenstown.
No date— Lat 44 N, long 30 W, Ger bark Edith,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
May 24— Lat 44 N, lon.- 29 W, Br ship Cape
York, hence Jan 16. for Queensiown.
May i:9— Lat 38 49 N, ioiik .(6 HO W, Ital barfe j
Giuseppe, hence Feb 6, for Queenstown.
May 24— I .at 42 32 N, long :-IS 55 W, Brship
Clan Mackenzie, hence Jaa 29, for Queenstown.
I><iiii«— in- Ports.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed June 4— stmr Nationality l
for San Francisco; schr Lottie Carson, for Eureka; ;
H B M stmrComus.
POINT ARKNA— Arrived June*— Simr Whites
boro. hence June 3.
sailed June 4— SJtmr Whltesboro, for Green- ;
wood.
EUREKA— SaiIed Juno 4— Stmr Pomona, for i
San Francisso.
SAN PEDRO-Arrlved June 4— Schr F 8 Red
field, from Tacoma.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jane 4— Stmr Whites- |
boro, hence June 3.
FORT ROSS— Arrived June 4— Schr Etta B, hnc
June 2.
ALBlON— Arrived June 3— Schr Bessie X, hnc
Ma 31.
BOWENS LANDING-Arrlved June 4-Schr
Newark, hence June 3.
AS ToßlA— Arrived June 4— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Jane '2.
CASPAR— Arrived June 3— Stmr Jewel, hence
June 2.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 3— Schr Mel
ancthon, hence May 22.
LOMPOC — Arrived June 4— Schr Nettie Sund
borg, from Bowens Landing.
Foreign Ports.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed June 3— Stmr Coos Bay,
for San Francisco.
Bristol— Arrived June 3— Br ship Riverside,
from Oregon.
CAPE TOWN- Arrived June2-Br ship Ancaios I
from Tacoma.
FALMOl'TH— Arrived June 3— Dan ship Coplev j
hence Jan 23.
HZARD— Passed June 3— Brship Osborne, hnc |
Jan 23. tor Hull.
BROWHiSAD— Paused June 3— Br ship Mowhan
from Astoria, for Queenstown.
NEWCASTLE, NSW-Sailed Apr 20-Br ship
Caithness-shire, for Acapulco. Bpr 22— Brship
fcpringburn, for San Francisco. Apr 22— Haw
bark Mauna Ala. for Honolulu. Apr 27— Br ship
Clydesdale, for Portland; bark Highland Light,
for Honolulu. May s— Br ship Lauriston, for San j
Francisco.
In port May 11— Br ships Alb -n. Bracadale and
Cloncaird, for San I'rancisco: bark Colu^a, for
Honolulu: Nio bark Dominion, Hrship Grassen
dale, Brship Hiddekel, Br bark Invermore. Fr
bar* Jules Verne, for San Francisco: Kr ship King
David, for Honolulu: Br ship Larnaca, Uer barit
Balawan, bark Palmyra. Br bark Pomona, for
San Francisco; Br ship Port Caledonia, for San
Diego; Brship Port Logan, for san Francisco; Br
bktn Hunter, for Honolulu; Br bark Rothlemay,
baric Southesk, Br bark Whlnlatter. for San
Francisco. ' . „ hin
Chartered to load - Br ship Ardencraijr, Bi 'Ship
Australasia, Itai shin Cavaiiere Olampa. Jot**"
Francisco: Br ship llartfleld, for Portland, baric
Harvester. Br ship Halewood and Br ship James
Kerr, for San Francisco. . .„,,„,
-YDNKY— sailed May 2-Ger ship Christine,
ship Afgnanlstan, for San Francisco.
Arrived Apr Bark McNear. hence Fen 27.
In port May 11— Br ship Bothwell, Br ship <*ulf
of Aucud, for San Francisco; Brship Laucdaie,
'or san Franrlsco. via Newcastle, NSW.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed April M— Snip
Commodore, for Port Townsend. Mar 4— Schr
Golden Shore, for Port Townsend.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 10— scbr Coronet,
hence Apr 25. May 11— Brbark Jessie Osborne,
from Newcastle. NSW. Ma. 12— Ship John Mc-
Donald, hence Apr -'7. May 13— Br stnir M lower*,
irom Victoria. May 14-Schr Aloha, hence Apr
js. May 15— Br stmr Warrimou, from Sydney;
schr Bertie Ml .or, from Eureka: bktn Archer,
hence May 1: bark sea' King, from Newcastle,
N-\v. May 18— Brstmr Chtttagong, from Port
land; Brstmr Doric, hence May 12; bark Sonoma
from Newcastle. NSW. May 21— Haw bark An
drew Welch, hence May 6: Ger bark H Hackfeln,
from I .ay Han Island. May 32— Haw schr Norma,
from Ku'saie. May 26-Br stmr Culna. hence May
20: brm W G Irwin. hence May I.*. May 'JB— «mr
AlameJa. from Sydney; Jap stmr Tawan Maru,
from Yokohama.
S.i | May 13— Ship Dirigo, for New York. May
14— Brstmr Mloweri. for Sydney; bkta Amelia,
for Kureka. May 15— Brstmr Warrini' 0, for Sycl
ne . May 19 — Br stmr Boric, for Yokohama and
Hongkong. May 20— Br barn Don. lor Sim Fran
cisco; bur* Pncto us, for New York; bKtn Kl.ki
tat, tor Port Townsend: Br stmr >'htttas"ng, '.or
Yokohama. May -2— Nor bar* Portuna, for San
Francisco, May 25-schr Coronet, for Japan.
May 25— Bark Mohican, for Han Francisco. May
28 — schr Aloha, for San Francisco: bark Alden
Hesse, for San Francisco. May 27— Hr stmr
China for Yokohama and Hongkong.
Movement-* of Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 4-Stmr Germanic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr Aachen, fm
Bremen.
Sailed June 4— stmr Columbia, for Hamburg.
PLYMOUTH- Arrived out June4-Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck.
BRE.MKN- Arrived out Jine 4-Btmr Trave.
GENOA— Arrived out June 4— sinir Werra,
Sailed June 4— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm 11, for
New York.
UUEKNSTOWN-Salled June 4-Stmr Teutonic
for New York.
BOULOGNE-Arrlved out Jane 4— Stmr Am
sterdam.
sailed June 4-Stmr Spairndam, for New York.
FASTXE' 1 "- Passed June 4 — (liar iiiitnnnlc, fin
New York, for Queenstown and Liverpool.
PORTLAND BlLL— Passed June 6-Stmr Mo
hawk, from New York, for London,
importations.
POINT ARENA— Per Point Arena— l firkin, 43
bXR butter, 26 dre»sed liogs, 1 cs exes, 1 sk aba
lones. 2 empty tanks. 45 ; k_s hides and pelts.
Navarro-5175 railroad ties. '
SYDNEY— Per Alameda— loo csks olelne, 32
drums glvceriue, 501 into- s tin, 45 bales skins, &'■!
cs fruit. 44 cylinders. 84 pies wrappers. 4 cages
birds, 10 cs seed, 6 cs eucalyptus oil, 86 emptr
kegs, 15 pkgs nidse.
Auckland— 39 bales sk 03, 10 pkgs pelts, 4 cages
live birds, 10 pkirs rudse.
Apia— l cs curios.
Honolulu— s2s4 bags sugar. 2326 bnchs ban
anas. 453 crts pineapples, 65 cs fruit, 10 pkgs
mdse.
MONTEREY— Per Glpsy-4 bxs butter, 1 pk«
household goods, 7 cs cheese.
Moss Landing— 1 bx butter, 3 kegs spikes.
Salinas— bxs groceries.
Watsonville— 3 Iron wheels.
Santa Cruz— 37 Cb cheese, 8 bxs butter, 1 cs eggs,
725 bbls lime.
VICTORIA— Per Walla Walla— l sx coin, 5 crts
bikes, 2 pkg md*e, 1 cs stock fish, 2 cs mush
rooms, 2 cs shellfish, 23 cs 13 pkg curios, 500 bags
rice, 5 biles rugs. . "■ • .
Kitchlkan — 1 bx ore.
Juneau— l bx silver bullion, Ibx sold bullion.
Douglass Island — 1 bx drill tilting*.
Kilisnoo— ska guano, 2 bales deer skins.
Port Townsend — I bx castings. .1 921 kjrs nails,
250 sheets galvanized c iron, i sx coin.
Seattle— 44 cs fish, 3j3 bdla bides, 83 cs smoked
meat, 8 pkg mdse, 2 horses, 9 bxs cigars, 1 cs sta
tionery, 2 bx books, 5 cs drygoods 296 tons coal, 2
sx coin.
Vancouver— l 6cs dry goods, 80 bbls beer, 18 cs
hosiery, 479 cs boots and shoes, 8 ca k underwear,
2 cs advertising matter, 3 ca caps. 4 ca corsets, 7
csd pianos, '20 cs cigars, 32 cs hats, 1 cs musical
instruments, 1 cs sheet copper, 2 cs dress linings,
525 i> s.arch, 1 bx brass, 6 bx violin cases, 7 cs X
E powder.
Vancouver— 3oo bx apples, 13 bales gluestock.
Roche Harbor— s bx cartridges, 2005 bbls lime.
Fairhaven — 3580 sks oats.
Whatcom— l bx butter, 4cs mdse, 1 bx plants, 1
eh express, I si coin.
Taconin West of Fargo— 2 pkg mdse, 3cs adv
matter. 1 bx glassware. 55 bales wool, 293 sks
flax, 1183 sks wheat, 2272 hf sks 40 qr sks flour.
Everett— 6oo p«gs bx shoooks, 2500 keps nails,
45 sks bones, 4 pcs lumber. 800 bars bullion, 10
pkgs car strips; 845 pkg box parts, 10 sx cleats, 242
rolls 973 bdls 13 cs paper.
. Tacoma— 1 lot lumber. 1 cs brandy, 1 cs dry
goods. 60 bans raw sugar, 1 bdl canvas, 16 sks
rubber, 6 bbls brass, 280 sks bones, 2 bx type, 6
bols b> ass.
PORTLAND— Per Alice Blanchard— l4 crts tent
pins. 7 cs togales, 2 cs stakes. 3 bdls do. 24.000 ties,
11 cs cider, 65 cs canned fruits, 12 kegs beer, 181
bdls shooks. 3 cs wine, 14 bbls do, 1 bx caps. 1 bx
meters, 10 cs plumbers' goods, 1 crt desk, 380 sks
flour, 16 sks meat, 2 bis do, 1 bx dry goods, 65 sks
bones, 11 bbls vinegar, 1 boiler, 79 pea machinery,
90 pcs agricultural implements, 101 sks oats, 4S«
sks wheat, 199 sks bran, 300 sks potatoes, 190,636
it lumber. 1 bl carpets, 2 trunks personal effects,
33 bdls hides, 11 bis calfskins-
Coos Bay— l bx but er.
SAN DIEGO— Per Mexico— lo4 pkgs merchan
dise. 11 sks abaloue meat, 22 sks abalone shells,
500 bxs lemons, 10 bxs limes, 11 bxs oranges, 3
bxa fish.
Redondo— 3 pkgs merchandise, 78 pnehnsjwine,
10 bxs lemons, 2 bxs oranges.
Los Angeles, via Kedondo— lo cases d. s. bellies,
40 trcs lard, 7 pkgs merchandise, 1 krg wine, 5 cs
mackerel.
Los Angeles, via Port Los Angeles— 3l Ddls d.
pelts, 15 bdls salt hides, 21 bdls peps, 45 bides, 6
bxs typewriters, 4 pkgs merchandise, 100 cs
soap, 11 ess hardware, 1 cs olive o'l, 2 cs paint.
Port Los Angeles— locs squash, 29 bxs tomatoes,
2 cs eggplant, 5 bxs lemons, 224 bxs oranges,
Santa Barbara— 4 I'kics merchandise. 160 bxs
lemons. 1 bdl dried pelts, 1 bdl dried hides, 10 bbla
tallow, 73 bdls green hides, 16 bbls mineral water,
6 bxs orang' s. 1 bx Bab.
Port Harford— 7l cs ens, 2 cs coffee, 60 sks
prunes, 18 pkgs merchandise, 59% bxs 32 tubs 1
firkin butter. 57% bla wool 1 pk| fruit, 12 sks
wood ashes, I cs cheese, 71 dieses i calves, .'> coops
chickens, 4 coops poultry, 645 sks btaus, 6 bxs
fish.
riiaislsimm
Per Walla. Walla— A polo Coo . inlne Co; A
Haas; American Press Asm; Chas ia:lev ft Co;
Jacob Kalph; M 3 Bramlmsiein & Co; A Oblandt
& Co; <> w Peterson: Sachs Bros; The Rosen
blatt Co; Wm E smith: bicKiaa Lumber Co;
Fsadore Leisar: Itilian-Swiss Agr Colony; a
Kaon; Allen A Lewis; Moore, Ferguson & Co;
Thos Watson: lleistand, Warner* Co: American
Biscuit CO: i 'hi- .1 Leist A- Co: U W Howard;
Russell Miler Milling Co: \V F Barnes: John O
smith: Gibraltar Warehouse: Pac >ertlllzer Co;
Stockton Lumber Co; >ta;irter <fc Co; Selby
Sme^ing and Lead Co: W G Richardson;
Blake, MolHu it Towns: Murphy, Grant <fc
Co: Kowa'.sky it Co; Wells. Fargo A Co; J Q
Adams: California Powder Works; 11 T Holmes
LiuieCo: we Kiveal; J> E. Allison & Co; Buck
ingham it Hecht: Calm, Xickelsl.urg & Co; P
Ber win A Co: Sherman, Clay tfc Co; J T cutting;
J C Irvine & Co; Tries; A Co: American To
bacco Co: Alaska Commercial Co: Winchester
Arms Co; Sawyer Tanning Co; Parke A Lacy;
Bank of California; Bauer 4 Co; T B Bishop;
Frank Bobbins Press Works: J I) French; Miller,
Sioss A Scot.: Ban FrancUco Chemical Works;
American Union Fish Co; Bissi ger & Co; Duff &
Co: G Camilloni; Ge.tz Bros A Co; F UarybeU; J
M Courelyia; Occidental Hotel; a Paladlni; San
born, Vail & Co; Komulo Lima; w 11 lliuton;
West Pub Co: W L Young; M W Willis: MB
Mam; Oregon Improvement Co; GloDe, McCabe A
Co; Selby Smelting and Lead Co; Benj Curcaz &
Sons.
Per Alice Blanchard — Willamette Tent and
Awning Co; California Wine Association; Pacific.
Vinegar Co: Cutting Fruit Co; Captain E Pole
mann; C A Martin A: Co; E (i Lyons it Co; Giant
Powder Co; liolbrook, Merrill «fc Stetson; G W
Hume <& Co; to Scheyer >6 Co; Pacific Bone Coal
Co; Smith's Cash Store; Troy Laundry; Mavhy
Co: WCRavlg: Moore, Ferguson A Co; Thomas
Lough ran & Co; P Gordan it Co; Golden Gate
Lumber Co; order; S FA N PR It Co: Baker A
Hamilton; dials A Bernard; J Gordina; W F
Brock: \V B sumner it Co; Ross, Sanders & Co.
Per Point Arena— Ross A Hewlett: Wilson &
Buechtel; V B Halght; Roh.ffi A Gerdan; C H
Smith it Co; M l.eincke; Roberts A Tart: Stand
ard Oil Co; Herman WaldecK; Mendoclno Lum
ber Co. ■ ■ ' •_
Per Standard Oil Co: Enterprise Brewery
Co; California Bottling Co: Jackson Napa soda
Co: Christy & Wise: Cartan, Met a thy A CO) C
Carpy it Co; Gray A Barben Brigham, H'i]'peA
Co: H N I'.lden &Co. B G ifunl Go; Jonas
Erla ger A Co; William Mitchell A Co; .1 B
i Thomas; it Joost; Goodall, Perkins A Co; V X
' Parks: team-. Manufacturing Co; A P Uota leg
& Co; F M Appiarius: Mipa Soda works; Dairy
men's Union; Norton, Teller it Uodeii; Hills
Bros; Wheaton. Breon * Co; Dodge, Sweeney &
Co* A W FinK <£ Co; H Cowell A Co
Per Mexico— Pacific Mall 8 S Co; Wetmore
1 Bros; San Francisco Brewer.es; J C Gardner;
CuasTetzen; son Bros it Co: c F Weber A Co;
Deere Imp Co: J O D smith: San Jose Agricul
tural Works: A L Bryan it Co; Com|odonico&
M- Wood, Curtis it Co. W f Mitchell; Eveleth A
Nash- Immel&Co: Dunham, Carrl«hau & H Co;
Page 'it Son: The Da les Commercial Co; H O
GreenhOOd; 1. scatena; L speigel A Co;
Standard Fruit Co; Southern California Fruit Co;
Wolf sons; Bell & Co; J lvancovich A Co; L,
Scatena it Co; G Camallom; A Paladlni; W H
Fisher; Caliiornia lne Association: TheCudahy
king Co; F H Ames A Co; H H Hogan:
Sawyer Tanning Company; LAM Alex
ander; J W Brown; Pacific Transfer Co; Smith A
Y'ouns: J W Kahle:, McDonough A Runyon; \V
O Stafford &Co: Mack it Co; L U Bresovlch: D E
Allison A Co: Frank it Co; Henry Clifton: Ne
vil.e A Co; American Union Fish Co; Wltzel A
Baker; Hooker A Co; Norton, Teller A it; sin
shelmer Broa: Jacob Kurtman; Cough & Fulton;
Httmer, Bredhoff A Schulz; John M Hyland;
John Hammond: John L 'Howard; II Klrschman;
.- Dutard; Western Meat Co: Hoffman; Leon
D&tone&Co; Marshall A Co; J J liurYey A Co;
Jonas, Erlanger A Co; Reiley, Walton A Co'
People's Express; Labor Exchange: i-.nterpriss
Brewery: s F Fish Co; Italian-Swiss Colony.
FerAlameda— J I) Spreckels Bros Co; "jaa M
Thorburu A Co; Cox Seed and Plant Co; Merten
Manufacturing Co; Geo Hermann; • Finger A
Smith; Willamette Pulp and Paper Co; H i 'oilier*
Park Lacy Co; Overland F and T CO; F Ludl
mann; Parrott A Co; 8 Clemens A Son Wp
Fuller & Co; Wieland Brewery; a B Forbes
\\ ells, Fargo A Co; order: Whitney Transfer Co
Hush Craig; Midas Goldsaving Co: X Richie-
Sou, hern P R R Co: W P. Sunnier A Co- John
Bensiler: Wetmore Bros: M W McChesney &
sons: National Fruit Association: ALTavlor-J
lvancovich A Co; Garcia A Magginl; Kveleth '&
Nash; M. D Vamvalls; L G Sresovlch A Co- 1^
Scatena A Co; Williams, JDlmond A Co; A liar
gues; Mau Hop Yuen.THE EVIL-SPIRIT
DOCTOR LOSES,
Acquittal of the Man Who
Called Him a Hypo
crite.
MRS. DUTRA CONVERTED
Does Not Believe Her Sickness
Was Due to Horsehair
and Pins.
JURORS ARE INQUISITIVE.
They Ask Many Questions About the
Influence of Mesmerism and
Playing-Cards.
HAYWAKDS, Cal., June The trial
of Manuel Rose of Hayvrards for battery
on Dr. Fontes, the mesmerist and evil
spirit necromancer of San Leandro, was
concluded in the Justices' Court to-day,
and the defendant was found not guilty.
The story of the peculiar powers alleged
to have been exercised over Mrs. Dutra and
her evil spirit by Manuel Fontes, as pub
lished in full in The Call this morning,
drew an enormous lobby to the courtroom
and they heard enough of the romantic
features of the battery case to repay them
for their trouble in fighting for admission
and for their discomfort after they were in.
Manuel Rose made a very ingenious
defense and the case really developed into
the trial of the merits of Fontes rather than
the battery of Rose. Mrs. Dutra is now
convinced that the horsehair pad stuffed
with pins was not the cause of her sick
ness, but she is convinced that while she
was under the influence of her mesmeric
act or the potion he gave her, or
both, "Dr." Fontes produced the affair
from his pocket that he told her was the
"evil spirit" that had been at the cause of
all her troubles.
The attorney for Rose seemed to think
that the fact of Rose havinsr told Mrs. Du
tra that Dr. Fontes was a hypocrite and a
necromancer, which fact was the cause of
the battery, was justifiable under the cir
cumstances, and that the battery was
therefore justifiable. He asked Fontes
many questions about the power of spirits,
and from ridicule went into sarcasm and,
although the San Leandro witch-doctor
tr.ed his utmost to mesmerize the lawyer,
as he lid Mrs. Dutra and Miss Rose yes
terday, the man of law did not wince a ,
muscle.
The jury also took a hand in asking
questions anil showed great curiosity re
garding the "evil spirit" of horsehair and
pins.
They all were desirous to see the cause
of the lady's troubles, but the doctor said
he had thrown it away, as it was unlucky
to keep the spirits alter they had been
mesmerized away from the victims. The
doctor was asked if he kept a stock of
them, and he seemed highly indignant
that any one should doubt his power, and
should assume that his pretensions to the
black art should be doubted.
- Another interesting feature was the pack j
of curds;, by means of which the doctor
lipd told Mrs. Dutra that she had two en
emies, "a king and two queens," who were
the defendant Rose and his wife and
daughter. The doctor produced the cards
but was unwilling to tell by what laws he
arrived at his decision and the court held
that such was a professional secret which
he need not divulge.
Mrs. Dutra and Miss Rose did not seem
at all comfortable under the eye of the
wizard, and many of the audience were of
the opinion that the scene of yesterday,
when both fainted under his power, was
to be repeated. This, however, was not
the case, and the ladies stood the ordeal
well.
Manuel Rose could not see that he was
not justified in calling Fontes a hypocrite,
and, further, could not comprehend why
Fontes should have resented it. It was
not at all clear from the testimony that
Fontes had not been as aggresbiya as the
defendant, and when the verdict of not
amity was returned it was received with
cheers.
The trial has been the most sensational
and interesting tnat has taken place in
this town for years.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST
The Annual 3lr<*ting or the Organiza
tion Now in Session.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 4.— The Grand
Jircleof the California Companions of the
Forest are holding their annual meeting
n this city. There are fifty circles in the
State with a membership of 2203. The re
ceipts during the year were $14,127 31 and
jxpenditures were $15,605 12.
A memorial has been received from the
English or Ancient Order of Foresters
wanting to know whether they as a body
would be allowed to join the American or
der. It will be acted upon during the ses
sion.
Among the amendments adopted are:
That all bonds required in the Grand Circle
be procured from surety companies, and
the same made payable to the grand chief
companion; a proposition to have the
meetings of the Grand Circle held per
manently in San Francisco was deleated;
reports of deputies must in future be sent
thirty days prior to the session to the
grand » hie! companion; druggists must in
future be members of the order wherever
practicable.
Mi tubers stricken from the roll will in
future be permitted to rejoin the order as
new members, provided that the said
members have been so stricken from ti.e
rolls for a year; members becoming re
in-tated.will not be entitled to any bene
ii:s for the first three months after rein
statement, ami only to medicine and med
ical attendance; the matter of charging
the t»er capita tax to the individual mem
bers was repealed and left optional with
each circle.
•—»• — » •
COULD NOT AGREE.
■1 Prominent Young Couple Figure in
a Divorce Suit*
OAKLAND, Cal., June 4.— Mrs. Delly
Hardy, wife of Tracy B. Hardy, has brought
in action for divorce on the ground of cru
;lty. The plaintiff was formerly Miss
Delia Brackett, daughter of H. C. Bracket!
>; 86.> Filbert street, and was well known
n musical and church crc.es. She was
.rgauist during the ii. Fay Mills meetings
hree years a 5. The defendant is .the son
A \V. B. Hardy, the 'well-Known book
lealt-r. They have been married about
our years and have a child about 2%
•ears of age.
ro Aid the Ol«l Folks' Home.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 4.— A successful
entertainment !<>r the benefit of the
; Home Association wa3 held at
Culleee Hail i:i~t eight.
Ttioiiuis f parson, master of ceremonies,
said in opening the entertainment: "I am
pleased to see so many present to-night,
especially so many ladies, because without j
you there wouid "be a general collapse of
thniL'- on this earth.'
Those who tooK part In the programme
were: The Misses Edna and Jiattie Wins
low, the Misses Florence and Virginia
Moore, Miss I. Dizard, John Pavne, Mrs.
J. Hunter, W. Johnson, Ben Morehead,
Messrs. Wilson, Payne, Butler, Green, the
Misses Julia Brow, Pauline Bryant, Mrs.
Clipper and Miss W. Burrows.
PLATFORM INDORSED.
Prohibition Declared to Be the Most
Important of -National Issues by
Local Prohibitionists.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 4.— The Pro
hibition Central Committee have indorsed
the National Prohibition platform by the
adoption of the following resolutions:
Rrsulvcd, That we will heartily support the
'narrow-gauge" candidates preseuteu by our
National convention and the ••bro;iil-gaup;e"
candidates presented by our State convention.
Eetolvd, Tnat if any voter has any more .m
-portain National i taie than the suppression
of the beverage truffle in intoxicating liquora
he is not a Prohibitionist In the sense in wnich
our party h«s made the term respected by
every voter in the Cniteo. Mates.
Reßokud, That we believe it the duty of every
Prohibitionist to support the platform and
candidates oi the Pittsburß convention, what
ever additional planks he might like to see in
the National platform.
Uange'd Himself-.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 4.— Edward
Shaw, taken to the City Prison last eight
! as "drunk," attempted to take his life this
! afternoon by breathing gas, but it proved
j di-a^reeable, so he took a pair of sus
j penders and .hanged binuelt He was
i nearly dead when discovered. He was
! strapped down to the floor, where he will
! be kept until he gives up tne idea of leav
ing this world.
Wants His Wife.
OAKLAND. Cal., June 4.— W. H. Snell
ing and his children of Stockton are at
474 East Fourteenth street, but the where
abouts of the wife and mot tier is unknown.
She left Stockton about May 1 with Frank
Galindo, a painter of that city. He is
anxious to tind her so as to get her signa
ture to some papers. The last trace of the
j pair was lost at Modesto.
WILL EXTEND TEN YEARS
Great Scope of the Terms of
Harmony in the Third
District.
William R. Davis Gives a Condensa
tion of the Basis of Republi
can Reunion.
Oakland Office Sax Fkancisco Call, )
903 Broadway. June 4. \
The two Third Congressional District
! committees have brought their differences
i down to a very narrow point. William R.
Davis, who led the primary men's fight
j at Sacramento and who has since been the
j moving spirit in the fight for harmony
i since his contest for principle was won,
outlined the negotiations to date as fol
lows, when seen to-day :
The negotiations which have been held
daily for the past ten days have been for the
considering oi plans that affect the entire Con
■ gressional District. This is necessary, as the
' Alameda County delegation is the majority in
i the whole district, and a split or difference
here necessarily runs through the entire dis
: trict and makes it more man a local matter.
'■ There have been differences in the party tor
i tne past six or eight years, and if the old dii-
I ferences and the recent ones are not justly har
! monized now It is likely that the dissensions
j will continue lor four, six or eight years more.
The efforts being made to harmonize matters
; represent the party in the entire district, and
! their effect will extend over a period of from
; six to ten years in the future. With tais im
: portance of the subject in view, myself and
! others have bestowed upon the question long
and laborious consideration. It is not a ques
tion of one candidate, it is not a question of
one office, it is not a question of a temporary
j decision. It is much larger than any oi these.
These negotiations that have continued over
ten days are plans for adjustment of the diffi
culties, which include the concurrence of the
present Congressional Committee, of the old
i Congressional Committee, and of the seven
county central committees, with a special ref
erence to the County Central Committee of
Alameda County.
\ In the provided plan for the district and for
I the seven different counties and their political
1 situations there were involved probably fifty
different questions. When in the actual ma
chinery for carrying out the adjustment it will
be acknowledged that it is fair and will be ap
proved by all sides, and in itself it is complete
| in every detail.
Down to to-day all of the numerous questions
! and details, with the exception of two only,
have been agreed upon. Those two are the
place to hold the convention, whether in Val
lejo or elsewhere, and the number of Repub
lican votes which shall be the basis of the poll
! ing precincts for the primaries. lam satisfied
after a further conference held to-day, since
j the adjournment of our meeting last night or
this morning rather, that these two points will
| be adjusted satisfactorily.
There is every reason to believe so to-day.
; That done, the entire plan and its provisions
would be agreed to by the members of the new
Congressional committee by those of the old
Congressional committee and the members of
the County Central Committee. Before such
an adjustment no member of the party could
stand out against such fairness, comprehen
siveness and political power in the party rep
resented by the adjustment so harmoniously
I arrived at.
We would then have one Congressional con
vention, one Congressional committee elected
at it 10 conduct the Congressional campaign
and one candidate supported by a united
party, and the future In a friendly and amica
ble condition as we approach it in succeeding
campaigns,
You'n observe by the foregoing that there is
nothing whatever to do with the county con
vention or county politics. The matter in
hand is the district weliare of the party and
nothing else, local county matters being a
separate matter which will care for themselves
in the usual way this fail.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapter*.
Oakland Office Bam Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Juue 4. j
This month the annual election of officers In
the various councils of the Young Men's Insti
tute will be he'd.
The graml jury has adjourned for two weeks
without briii ing in any indictments, and some
of the investigated breathe mure ensi.'y.
A deed has been recorded conveying the
Heiilah Park Rescue Hume property :rom Bal
lingion Booth and Maude Bo,>th, the Old torn
maodera in this country, lv Frederick de Lau
lour Booth-'lucker.
John Tula has sued F. A. Huntington for
$5498 96 as iia.i the amount jmiii i<n ac
ci tm oi a promissory note of the Con oli.iated
Pi iiiimnt Cable (.umpau.. by i'i»a;ue A. Blair,
h liv indorsed the same with the defendant.
The attendance thus far is good at the Beu
iah I'ark campaie L tiiig. There are about forty
tents on the ground, ai.d additions to that
number are being made daily.
The decree of final distribution in the estate
of the late Jacob Guudlach of San Francisco
was filed this morning. The estate is largely
composed of property in San Francisco, only a
smnll piece of Alameda realty being included
n» it.
Arrangements are being rapidly perfected
for the grand picnic of the Young Men's Insti
ute under the auspices of Oakland Council
No. 6, wnich is to take place at Shell Mound
I'ark on June 18.
City Treasurer Gilpin has readvertised for
th( redemption oi the $8000 worth of bonds
O! 1872. Interest on these will cease at the
end of three months. A. > other $s<X> bond of
the series of 1374 has been presenteJ by Kruse
tfc Euier ana rod eiued by the e;ty.
T. G. Daniells, J. B. Lanktree and M. S. Tay
lor have «ppra:sed ihe estat of the late C. A
Bteteteldt At $93,688 55. The ca-h on hand
amounts t0 535,589 55. Among tne features
of the estate are sioe'-s in tne West Shore Rail
road (wiij|iiuiy. Northern Pacific mortgage
bonds and otner corporations.
Saturday the Union->quare Free Baptist
Church oi San Francisco and the Free Baptist
Church of Onkiand ho.d their annual picnic
together at Blairs Park. A special car will be
in waiting at First and Washington streets to
meet the 9 o clock creek boat lrom San Fran
cisco.
The Union-street Presbyterian Sunday-school
of West Oakland will hoid their annual picnic
and outing at Hay wards Canyon on Saturday.
They have chartered a ss>ecial train of electric
cars, which leaves Thirteenth and Frankifn
street* at 9:15 o'clock. A special rate has been
made for tnis trip, «oit is expected that a large
number will attend.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
BUT FEW MORE
ANXIOUS HOURS.
Democracy's Great Contest
in the County of
Alameda.
TO BE DECIDED TO-DAY.
Foote and Daggett Both Lay
Claim to tbe Strongest
Following.
COMPLETE TICKETS NAMED.
Warren B. English Says the M n
From the Mint Will Be
Snowed Under.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 4. j j
To-morrow r.igLt it will be known
whether John Daggett or W. W. Foote |
controls the Democracy of Alameda j
County. Both sides are confident of sue- i
cess, but the most conservative thinkers
are of the opinion that the delegation to
Sacramento to be elected at to-morrow's
primaries will be a divided one.
Never before has there been such a con
test, even in this hotbed of political strife, <
as has been waged for the past two j
months in this county. As no big Demo- j
cratic fight in this part of the State would j
be complete without the presence — i
whether actual or gratuitous cuts no J
figure— of Chris Buckley, tbat gentleman !
was brought into it yesterday. Ho is cred- j
ited with bringing about twenty-live men i
over who will "repeat" in each ward.
Just who induced Mr. Buckley to be so
generous is not quite clear.
it is most natural to believe that he would
work against Daggett, but the Laymance-
Foote-Moffitt crowd absolutely deny that
they are getting any help from outside the
county, while Fitzgerald speaks with scorn
lof Mr. Buckley. The most reasonable ex- \
planation of the presence of the blind boss !
is that he was seen in Oakland on his i
way to his ranch at Livermore, and that
his active interest in the present fight is
nil.
"I am satisfied that Foote will win,"
said Warren B. English, "and it will be ]
nothing against Fitzgerald, for he is as j
good a man as we have, but he has been i
drawn into another's tight and made acats- |
paw to pnll Dagcett's chestnuts out of the ;
tire. I believe that with free silver as our
motto and Stevenson as our standard- ;
bearer the Democracy will again sweep j
the country this year.
"There are no administration Democrats ;
now, as they are such as we do not care to ■
be connected with, but there are tbou- I
sands ready to join and sweep on to vie- j
tory as a free silver party."
lioth factions believe that the primary ;
will be one of the cleanest ever known.
Both side~i will watch the polls and the
line will be as clearly cut us though two
distinct parties were voting. Fitzgerald's
men are willing to concede that Laymance
has the best of it in the count\', but claim ]
that their strength in the city will more
than offset it. The claim is made on both
Sides tbat there are many Republicans on
the rolls, and it is expected that there will ,
be some lively challenging.
In Berkeley and all outside townships
the primaries will be open and the great
register alone will be used.
At every booth throughout the county ;
there will be two complete tickets.
So far as decided to-night, the Lay
mance tickets will be as follows:
Second Ward— M. E. White, Charles D. Pierce,
John Bmyta.
Tiiird Ward— Hon. B. Wh ite.
Fourth Ward— John Harrington, Fred
Becker, J. J. O'Byrne.
Sixth Ward— P. E. Dalton, M. Carroll. Martin :
Ryan.
Seventh Ward— Henry N. Moffit, O. C. Kirk.
Brooklyn Township— E. Lund.
Eden township— P. Meyer, E. J. Holland,
Charles W. Ueyer.
Washington Township— Philip Kolb, Thomas
Scott.
The Fitzgerald delegates are, as far as ,
decided upon :
First Ward— F. W. Leonhardt, B. C. Conley, '
T. J. Clooney.
Third Ward— J. J. McDonald.
Fourth Ward— M. J. Kelly, C. H. Brosnahan,
C. W. Logan.
Sixth W«rd— E. F. Gilligan, Charles O'Gara, !
John R. Glascock.
Sevf-nth Ward— Victor Galardin, Will Fine.
Oakland Township— E. L. Fitzgerald, E. J. j
ITS DAY OF USEFULNESS IS O'ER.
OAKLAND, CAL., June 1 —The old Castle on Eighth Street that was the birth
place of the Salvation Army on the coast will soon be razed and made into kindling
wood. Ten years ago it was built by the pioneer officers of the army, and it was
then one of the liveliest parts of Oakland. Since then the city has gone northward
and the barrack-, have long since been deserted by the army for the commodious
People's Theater. The Castle was built by the soldiers and was the first piece of
property owned by the Salvationists in California. The structure is now unfit for
army work. The lease to the ground has almost expired, and to-day a notice was
nailed to the door statins that the old home of "I-irst California Corps" was for sale.
Stewart, William Curtic, J. T. Doyle, JohnCav
annugh.
Eden Township— M. Kerwin, Max Peterson,
H. b\ Eber.
READY TOR DUTY.
Republican Alliance Club Organized
and Now Awaiting the Orders
to March to Victory.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 4.— The Alliance
Ciub-now baa 100 marching members and
is nearly 200 strong ail told. The club
will make its first public appearance at
the ratification of the nominees of the Ke
publican National convention.
President Morrow has announced tho
following comn>ittees for the campaign:
Finance and auditing— L. L. Bromwell,
chairman.
House committee— F. E. Brigham, chairman.
Military committee— Varney Gaskill, chair
man.
Commander Varney W. Gaskill has an
nounced the following appointments in
the military branch:
First lieutenant, K. L. P. Herrick: second
lieutenant, W. F. Cblpman; third lieutenant,
Sol JJ. Kogtrs; fourth lieutenant, E. E. Buckle
ton.
First sergeant, W. C. Wallace; second ser
geant, Marsden Campbell; tl.ird sergeant, A.
B. Watson; fourth sergeant, F. i. iliwaites;
fifth sergeant, l'- >■ Ctrlum.
Color-sergeant, John Harris; sergeant and
guide-lamp bearer, A. P. Brayton .Jr.; sergeant
and guide-lamp bearer, K. J. Boyer; sergeant
and chief bugler, H. P. Carlton: sergeant and
bugler, C. B. Wheaton: sergeant and bugler,
Harry Farr; sergeant and bugler, Harry
Traver; globe-bearer, George Hamfin Collins.
Corporals— .l. C. F.wing, H. M. Sloj.er, F. M.
Smith, P. V. S. Burtlett.
The Dietz Opera-house has been engaged
as headquarters for the ensuing six
months.
DESIRE A FRIENDLY INN,
New Project of the Non-Partisan
Woman's Temperance
Union.
They Want au Institute Like the One
in Cleveland, Ohio, for
Oakland.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
1)08 Broadway, June 4. f
Much important work was done and
many new plans discussed by the Non-
Partisan Woman's Temperance Union at
its monthly meeting.
A new feature, and one that is already
proving a great blessing to many, is the
free clinic on Clay street. It is called the
Double Cross Free Clinic, and is open daily
at certain hours, with some of the leading
physicians of the city in attendance.
An effort is being made to raise means
for a Friendly Inn, patterned after jthat of
Cleveland, Ohio, managed by the Non-
Partisan W. C. T. U., and it will be started
as soon as some interested person will do
nate money or a building for carrying out
the project.
The departments of the inn will be a
chapel and missionary work, cooking
school, men's and boys' reading room,
kitchen garden, sewing schools, mother's
meetings, Punday-scliool, girls' music
class, boys' brigade, girls' club.
The Non-Partisan W. C. T. U. are very
enthusiastic over the founding of this
work here and a vigorous effort will be
made to get the means.
The ladies discussed the means of raiding
funds to support the Free Gospel Reading
rooms, form rly on Clay and Eleventh,
which have recently moved into more
commodious though cheaper quarters on
Clay, near Seventh. Favorable reports
were given.
• — ♦— ♦ — i
Alameda Probate Mattprn.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 4.— The estate
of the late C. A. Stetfddt, a wellk-nown
mining engineer of this city, has been ap
praised at |93,68&. Two- thirds of the estate
consisted of railway bonds and mining
stock.
The estate of Christopher Christensen,
deceased, has been appraised atsfi9oo. His
wife as administratrix has made applica
tion for the whole estate to be distributed
to her, she having pure ased the interests
of her four grown children in it.
A Colored Burglar.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 4.— Charles
Walker, a colored man from the old Bay
District track, was taken before justice
Morris this afternoon on a charge of com
mitting burglary In the rooms of Drs.
Keys, Smith & Humphrey. He was held
t> appear before the Superior Court next
"Wednesday, bail being fixed in the sum of
$3000.
Fleming's Injunction.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 4.— Owing to the
serious illness of City Attorney Taylor's
wife the original injunction suit of J. T.
Fleming against the Alameda City Trus
tees, in which the question of the city
selling olectric light to its citizens is in
volved, and which was to have been heard
to-morrow, has been continued until Tues
day, June B.
CRUEL TO HER
LITTLE ONES,
Maltreated Children of Mrs.
John E. Boyd Taken
From Her.
BERKELEY HIGH SCHOOL
The Largest Class in Its His
tory Is Ready to
Graduate.
BRAZILIAN GYPSIES ACTIVE.
They Pick Many Pockets and Steal
Spectacles From Berkeley's
Marshal.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 4=— A woeful
tale of cruelty to her offspring hangs over
the wife of John E. Boyd, a local express
man, whose three small children were
yesterday committed to the care of Mrs.
Prescott, a member of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to»Children.
She is accused of having UDon different
occasions beaten and tortured her little
ones until they were black and blue, be
sides wantonly neglecting them.
Mrs. Boyd's husband explains her ac
tions toward her children aa being caused
by a serious infirmity with which she is
affected. Other." state that she has gone
mad over religion. It is given out that
she is now under suspension from the Sal
vation Army.
Two of the children will be cared for by
! Mrs. Prescott, while the third will be
I tiven a home with a Mrs. Nelson, a sister
| of Mrs. Prescott.
Largo High-School Class.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 4.— A class of
! seventy-two, the largest in the i.istory of
the Berkeley High School, will be gra<lu
i ated next Thursday evening. Following
are those who have completed the three
courses given:
Classical course— Harold C. Bradley, Jennie
Ellison. Mary T. Gallagher, Melvin S. Good,
I Annie M. Grant, N. C. Gregory, George 11.
Senceri Flora Wilson.
Literary course— William J. Atcheson, Ellza-
I beth Annis, May Buatley, George Hreh.ni, Mor
| ris H. (overt, Boy I>ickerson. Grace E. Dob
bins, Florence M. Frenier, Lulu F. Frame,
Kichard lUseitine, Charlotte Henley, Augus
tus Higcins, Allegro Hulton, Elraa Minsiielii,
K'iward McCleve, Cc ia I'aroni, l'eiur N. Ra>
mussen, L. E. Roberts, Ray Simonrts, Agnes
SteedmHii, Elsie Thompson, Annie B. Vcorhees,
Fred Watrous, BteUa weM, Q. H. Masters.
.- a nti lie course — Ella Bunnell, Fred Colby,
I Claude de Yore, Lncy W. Dewing, Marguret
j Daherty, Margaret Fee, David Qoooale, Paul
| Harmon, Ethel L, Heanan, S. Henderson, May
| Howell, Alva Hughes, Chester Judson, J. L.
I Kennedy, F. W. Kerns, A. \V. Kieruin", Millie
N'wmurk, carlton Parker, Erie c. Parka, Fred
| Rt-ed, H. Roberts, Fred Racklidge, Frank Shid-
I oler, Norman K. Smith, Anna Tiiayer, Bertie
j Tucker, Funnle Tvrrell, John T. Warren, Louis
Warren. Mark White, George Wilhelm, Her
i bert M. Woodaum, Hurvey Zehner.
Limited students— Daisy M. Clark, Viera
Gage, Alice Stewart, Grace Tyrrell.
'■>!•-» PickpocketH.
BERKLEY, Cal., June 4.— The band of
gyiisies who are located near the old pow
der-mill, in West Berkeley, have been the
I object of curiosity and suspicion ever since
! their arrival. Many parties of visitors
i have gone from Berkeley to see how the
! wandering nomads live, some of whom
i have returned with less than they took
I with them.
Several thefts have been reported and
Deputy Marshal Rawson himself was
j robbed yesterday of a pair of eye-glasses
! by one of the ragged urchins of the camp.
• To-day many of the gypsy women were
{ about town telling fortunes and asking
I aims.
I'rotective Association Formed.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 4.— The Mer
j chants' Protective Association of Berkeley
met last night in Pythian Hall and elected
officers. W. T. Gillihan was chosen presi
i dent, S. 11. Taylor vice-president, and R.
i L. Whitham secretary and treasurer. The
; constitution and by-laws of the association
: were formally adopted and the work of
■ circulating a membership roll will be con-
I tinued. ,
Graduate Courses,
BERKELEY, Cal., June 4. —James
; Sutton, ihe university recorder, has re
! ceived from the State Printer the an
! nouncement of course.? for graduate
j students. At the present time there are
i 118 graduate students enrolled, represent
] ing almost every college in the land. Most
i of the departments at Berkeley now offer
| graduate courses.
Populist Rally.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 4.— To-morrow
I evening the Populists of Berkeley will
hold a grand rally at Taylor's Hall, where
speeches will be made and fireworks dis
played. The order of speakers has not yet
been outlined, but it is expected that sev
eral prominent local politicians will ad
dress the meeting.
School Trustee Election.
LORIN, Cal., June 4.— The election of
Trustees of tne Bay District School will
take place at Lorin to-morrow.
The nominees are J. H. Burke, W. B.
Irwin, N. C. Wnite and C. Said.
I ■>! in Schools Close.
10RIN, Cal., June 4.— The schools of
Lorin closed to-day for the summer vaca
tion. The exercises of the graduating
class were held this evening at Klinkner's
Hall. _
Church on Wheels.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 4.— The Baptist
chap 1-car Emmanuel, one of the four
maintained on the railroads of the West
ern States by the American Baptist Publi
cation Society, with headquarters in Phila
delphia, is now lying at the foot of Pine
street in the railroad-yards at West Oak
land. Services are being held in it four
times a clay for the benefit of the railroad
employes," the neighboring, residents and
their children.
After Billposters.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jnne 4.— License In
spector Mitchell caused the arrest of
Richard Siedenburg, who was engaged in
putting up bills advertising: a certain to
bacco. It has been the practice for men
to come here and put up advertisements,
but Inspector Mitchell proposes to enforce
j the ordinance requiring billposters to pay
$10 a quarter, license. It is paid by the
local billposters, while outsiders have es
caped.
Missing Outram.
OAKLAND, Cat.., June 4.— Permission
has been granted Peter Thomson to pub
lish the summons in his suit to foreclose a
mortgage against E. P. Outram, as the
latter's whereabouts is. unknown. He left
Oakland some months ago with several
thousand ; dollars of the funds of the
Mountain View Cemetery Association, of
which he was secretary.
Reception to Keith.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 4.— Mrs. Blake-
Alverson and her pupils gave a reception
to-night in honor of -William Keith in this
city. There was a .choice musical ' and
literary programme rendered before a
large and appreciative audience.
» # — ♦ —
The interest on money is so high in Siam
that when a man once gets in debt the
most he can possibly hope for by, the bard-;
est kind of work ,is to pay the interest on '
what he owes. - ■ \
' ' * _ |M _ •■'.---■ . ■ _ '
Auction §ales
SALOON ATJUCTM
Li ATJRSNC VINCENT
WILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION,
THIS AFTKKSOON,
Friday...... June 5. 1896.
■ At 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises, .' \ ■ ■-',
643 Mission st., near New Montgomery,
... .COMPRISING. . ..I
The Elegant liar Fixtures, Individual
Barrel Baft*, ltegister. Fine Jot of
Wines, I. m nor-,, etc., Glass Cases, lie-
frigorator.
.Niiir- saloon will be offered in one lot, and
If the price is not satisfactory will be so.d in lots
to suit all purchasers.
LAURENCE VINCENT, Auctioneer
cm levy & CO.. AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms— l l3s Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular s.tledays,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 7tsL
TH IS DAY.
Friday •.... June 5, 1896,
At lv o'clock a. m. at salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WE WILL SELL:...
Elegant line of Furniture; Carpets: 1 Upright
I'iano; Counters: Show Cases; 1 Iron Safe. .
CIIAS. LEVY it CO., Auctioneers.
ijLtiU.Ml I lihiMllliL.
THIS DAY AT 11 A. M.
1614 GEARY ST., NEAR WEBSTER.
COMPLETE FURNITURE OF 10 ROOMS.
Particulars in Chronicle.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELP, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery at.
ALAMEDA CHORAL SOCIETY
Produces Cowen's The Rose
Maiden" to a Large and Fash
ionable Audience.
A Vicious Dog Seriously Injures a
Young Girl — Democrats Still
Divided.
ALAMEDA, "Cal., June 4.— There was a
fashionable audience at Armory Hall to
night to listen to the rendering of Cowen's
cantata, "The Rose Maiden," by the Ala
meda Choral Society. The , soloists ac
quitted themselves creditably, and the
chorus of seventy voices, under the baton
of E. D. Crandall, did justice to the work
allotted to them. The soloists were Miss
Nelly Giusti and Miss Hackmeister, so
pranos; Miss Josephine Patterson, con
tralto, and Robert Lloyd, barytone.
Democratic Politic*.'
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 4.— The two fac
tions in the Democratic party have each a
ticket out to be voted on at to-morrow's
primary. The Daggett-Fitegerald nomi
nees are E. B. Owens, T. E. Brennan,
John O'Brien and J. G. Croll. Those rep
resenting the Foote-Laymanoe section
comprise A. R. Baum, 11. W. Bradley, G.
W. Dennis and Fred Wild. The County
Central Committee has refused to recog
nize any other roll than the one left at
Hammond s cyclery store, Park street,
and recognize no polling place but
Tucker's Hall, Park street. It is stated as
a fact that all those who signed the un
legalized rolls will vote at the West End
polling booth and fight the question out
at the State Convention.
Woman Suffrage Meetings.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June — To-morrow
afternoon the Alameaa Auxiliary Woman's
Suffrage Association will meet in the G.
A. It. Hall at 3 o'clock. Miss Mollie E.
Conner*, editor of the Oakland Saturday
Night, will open adiscussion on, "Should
There be More Men Employed in Our
Public Schools?"
TLe Political Equality Club will hold its
regular bi-monthly meeting on Monday
afternoon at 2 o'clock in the American
Foresters' Hall. The ladies who have not
signed the petition to the Democratic Con
vention are requested to attend and do so.
. Laundry farm Electric Kuail.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 4.— Last night
W. M. Rank, president of the Alameda,
Oakland and Piedmont Railway Company
and the California Railway Company, ran
the new electric motor, with three cars at- j
tached, from the tidal canal into the hills j
of Laundry Farm. Everything ran |
smoothly and he expressed himself as j
satisfied with the trial. This new line will
commence to run regularly on Saturday,
and on that day the Alameda school-chil
dren's picnic will be held at Laundry
Farm.
Bitten by a Dog.
ALaMEDA, Cal., June 4.— May Brown,
a girl of 13, is dangerously ill, tbe result of
being attacked yesterday afternoon by a .
ferocious dog belonging to the Perata |
Bros. She was returning home on an er
rand, when the dog jumped upon her.
She fought the dog with a bottle of am-
I monia washing fluid, hitting him on the
i head. and nose. The do.: bit her severely
on the richt arm and hand. Dr. Sanders
hail to be called in to cauterize the
wounds. "% j -
Notre Datne College.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 4.— A large cir
cle of friends and patrons attended the
graduating exercises of Notre Dame Col
ieee yesterday afternoon. The young lady
graduates were: Margaret Kindlin, Lillie
Scaly, Mamie Higgins, Frances Sholton
and Loretta Brett. The prominent fea
tures of the exercises were the production
of an operetta entitled, "Laila," and the
essays and songs of the students.
The AdYentieta.
• ALAMEDA, Cal., June 4.—The meet
nteotepl
■vmk
[wsMgrji
A smart Broadway, New
I X York, druggist has
| this sign hanging outside ,
| his store; it marks the I
| new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he \
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are |
busy, and that his store is I
I one of the most popular
| along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
§Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
625KEARXYST. Established
in 1*54 for the treatment of Private
Dlseaafß, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and I
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when |
others fail. Try him. Charges low. j
Cnre»e<inrnntrrd. C«llorwrite.
j Dr. J. *'. uIBBOX* Box 1057, 5 an JTranclsco. 1
GEO. F. LA.MSOI AUCTIONEER.
Office— Kearny St.
THIS DAY,
* r «day Tune 5. 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m.. or. the premises,
No. 1424 CALIFORNIA STREET,
... WILL SKI. I. THE
Elegant and Costly Furniture of Residence
COMPRISING
Elegant rosewood framed Parlor Chairs. Divans
and Ji'ofa. U|>lio:stcred in riches- French tapestry;
1 magnificent rosewood Mirror-back Ktagere. cost
$175; very rich Ornaments. I'ftintingsand Engrav-
ings; elegant Body Brussels Carpets: costly Rugs;
several articles furniture in genoin ■ Sun Domingo
mahogany: 1 old Coon al Parlor Table: 1 Secre-
tary and Bookcase; 1 mirror-front Wardrobe: 1
set Draws; 1 macnifict-rit extra size mirror-front
Wardrobe, with Bedstead, Bureau, Commode and
Washstand, original cos; $1000: 9 superior walnut
Chamber Suits, with Plata Mirrors: extra white
hair Mattresses beat Pillows ana Bedding: dining-
room In walnut, Sideboard. Extension Table:
Dining Soli in leather-seated Chairs: China, Glass
and Silver-plated Ware: fine Willow Chairs, with
Laundry ana Kitchen Articles; 1 magnificent Up-
right Piano, of splendid tone, cost $600.
Terms— LASH.
CEO. F. LAMSOS, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-331 Sutter St., Above Grant Aye.
At 228 East St.. bet- Howard & Folsom,
TO-DAY, FHIDAY, JUNK 5. 1896,
at 11 A. M., I will sell the
Magnificent Bar and Bark liar, Nickel-
Plated National Cash Register.
Flue stock of Imported ami Domestic Wines,
Liquors and Cigars, Chairs, Tables and the com-
plete furnishings of 5 rooms.
S. B ASCII. Auctioneer.
ings of the^Seventh Day Adventists are
foeiiiK fairly well attended. Tne number
in camp js not so large as was expectel.
but this is put down to the fact that a
number of camp-meetings are in progress
in other places. About 750 people are in
tents, \esterday the licenses to preach of
fifty of the members were renewed. Pro
fessor E. A. Sutherland of the Walla
WaJla College preached.
•—• — ♦ — •
One of the fanners in Walpole, N. H.,
lost a valuable cow recently, and upon ex
amination into the cause it was found that
a hat pin four inches long had pierced the
heart.
The leading exporters and dealers in
seeds in Germany grow comparatively few
of the seeds they sell and export. Only 1
or 2 per cent of the quantity ot seeds they
handle is estimated to be of their own
growing.
OCX aw bteamshipr:
ASTORIA AND PORTLANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
fctate of California sails June 2, 1*2 an 4 22
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and 27
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier M) at 10 a. a.
6OOUA.LX, PERKINS A CO., Oenl. Supts.
i". i". CONJNOR, Uenaral Agent.
_ 630 Market street.
wane coast steamship compact
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
27"lx»flrt Class 5&3.00
Second. Class . dS-OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 lew Montgomery Street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM. jflga
io Broadway wharf, Sau .Francisco, a* ■f r -*^Vr
follows:
For Mary* Island, Lorin*, Wran^el. Jnneaa. Kll-
lisnoo ana SHka (Alaska), at a a. v., June 3,
la. 18. VS Jniy a, 18. Its, jx.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO, Port Town-
tend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Wbatcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.). 9 A. m.
Jane 3, '.- 13. Jo, 28. 128. ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. f. it. R., at, Tacoms with N. P. R. It,
st Seattle with O. N. Ky., ac Port Townaend wltt»
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) stx. Pomona, 2 p. m.. June 2, ti. 10,
14 1-. -•-'. £ri 3') and every fourth, <lav thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavtota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., June
4. 8. 1-. 16. 20, 21. 'M and every fourth day there-
after.
For San Dteiro, stopping only at Port narfor 1
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. H.. Jinn 2. H HI, 14; 18, 22, -'6, BOaud every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. it., June 2, 27, ana 25th of eacu month there-
aft r.
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Mootgomsry
street.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. if* DJYSTO
HAWAII, SAMOA, JUv HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Wfi by
AUSTRALIA. XjtS.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU on. Tues-
day, Juno 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ran
S. %. ALAMKDA galls via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 r. m.
Line to' COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. i). SPRECK.ELS & BROS. CO., Ajfts.
. 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 32? Market at.. San Francisco.
COfIPAGME GENERAL TRA I \SATL.WTI(|DB
French L.iT» to Havr«.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH VVflnL.
\J Kiver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ftSfiEJJB
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aa]
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
lirst-ciass $'. 150: second-cluss, $116.
I.A TOURAINE. Capt. Santolll.. ..May 23, 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ..May 23, 8 A. St.
LA GASCOUNE..... Ju.e2o, 7 a.m.
LA NOK 'i.\XDlft, July 4. 6 a. m.
LA CJASOOGNE July 25. 11 a, m.
LA NORM ANDIK..... .... An ■:';st 1, 5 A. U.
LA BOUROOONK, Capt. Lob icnf... Tune 6, 7 A. if.
tST For further partlcalars apply to
A. FORGE T. As"nt,
No. 380 v j a ,, oreen, New York.
J. T. FUOAZt A, CO, Agents, 5 Montgomarf
•venue. San Francisco
WfIiTEITAR L 558.
United States and Royal Hall Steamen
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING' EVKIU' WJUCK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD-
lnt; to steamer anil nrcomnnvlatlons mimS&
selected; second cabin, f35 and «40: Maj--». i »ud
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Dtnmarlc
through to .san Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
trom W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at ths
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
under Grand Hotel. g. w. Fletcher,
General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL JAIL steam packet COMPACT;
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /&gm±
k^ fortnightly for the West Indies and 'Jmtm
Southampton, calling en route at C?rbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of ladlns. In connection with th«
Pacific Mall B. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg. Southampton.. First class, $195; third
class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents,'
, ' ■ -, : 306 California sU
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 5 I*. -M, Uaily.
Sunday at 7 P. M.
jJS" Accommodations Reserved by .Telephone. ■
SitAMEKS: :.
T. C. Walker, ■ I J. D. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat, Nay. and Impt. Co
fALLEJO, MARK Bill*. *BE«CIA, POST
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STR. MO>TICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a, m,
and 4 ML; Saturday, 10:30 a. M., 8:oO r. Ml
:'■- Sunday— S r. if. -.
•ir. m. only.
Landing, Misaiou 1. Pice «•
1314
GEN, COKEY WILL
TALK FOR A WEEK,
Populist State Committee
Arranges an Itinerary
For Him.
THE NEWS FROM OREGON
Leaders of the Party Find New
Winds in Their Sails and
Are Glad.
ARE ANXIOUS ABOUT QUINN.
Gossip Ab ut the Oregon Campaign
and the Affairs of the Party
in This State.
Genera! Coxey did much talking yester
day with the California Popnlist leaders
who compose the State Executive Com
mittee, and one result of it is thai Coxey
will put in a week stumping the State for
the ca'j?e from San Diego to Red Bluff.
Then he will hurry East to fulfill engage
ments in Kansas.
The arrangements as made, subject to
telegraphic acceptance in towns named,
were that Coxey should speak at San
Diego Saturday evening, in Los Angeles
Monday, Fresno Wednesday, Red Bluff
Thursday, San Francisco Friday and Sac
ramento Saturday.
The executive committe held a final
session ye*teruay forenoon, but its chief
feature was a' discussion with Coxey, and
it adjourned to the call of the chair.
In the evening T. V. Cator arrived from
Orc-aon, having stopped at Red Bluff to
speak night before last. Cator, Chairman
\Yaicleil and others met Coxey at 'the
Baldwin in the evening. Mr. Cutor was
also fresh from the Orejron campaign and
its history, results and lessons were dis
cussed in detail.
The Populists are much elated at t c
figure they have cut in the first of the
State elections. They regard it as both a
•range, showing the rise of a Populist tide,
and as a force t'.iat will boom and popular
ize the Populist cause in this and other
States.
The Populist leaders here did not light
cigars, finger watchchains stretched across
rour.ded vest-fronts and make smiles that
harmonized with a well-groomed business
appearance in discussing the gratifying
news, as is apt to be the popular concep
tion of State political leaders in such an
hour. The biggest men in the Populist
State executive committee present a sen
sible bushiness of locks and whiskers, a
sensible plainness and freedom of fit in
their habiliments and a sensible direction
of speech in what they say.
The political reporter meets bland liars,
clever evaders of the things that are, skill
ful decorators of the truth and eloquent
and cordial historians of the imaginative
world in all political circles but the Popu
list. Of course a term of power would give
the People's Party these political advan
tages, but not yet has the smooth politi
cian's euile marred the honest simplicity
ol Pouulist politics. The average Populist
leader lei is just what he thinks or what ii
is, or else keeps his mouth shut, either
i-;-.-v--iy oi' awkwardly.
So was a sort of erica and quiet satis
faction rather than jollity that lighted a
little yesterday the serious determination
and sensible reflectiveness that largely
creates the impression one of the big
men of the Populist party. They sat in a
room a: the llu.-s House, on trunks and in
chairs about down-town hotel lobbies and
in pofced-away offices, and paused about
the sidewalks, as the prospects of campaign
work and the effect of the news from Ore
gon were recounted.
They were al; familiar with the inside of
the Oregon campaign, and one might learn
from among them more about it than is
' •riven in press telegrams. It was said that
in some places they were jobbed by the
old trick of ballots with some wrong names
on them.
There was also among them an especial
anxiety about Quinn, one of the two Con
gressional cat dictates. The probabilities
of his elect. on were variously reported in
the teie^mphic news yesterday, though
Vanderburg's oh ction was conceded. Both
are true enough Populists, but Vander
ijurj; is a business man and not especial !y
ii party hero. But Quinn seemed close to
ti;e hearts of several big Calitornia Popu
lists. • They say tuat he is proprietor of a
weekly Populist paper, which he edits at
night because !:e iirives a laundry wauou
in the daytime. He is described as a man
of iair education, an old und untiring
worker in the cause, a man in whom the
party has confidence and ono "who gets
cl< -■■ to the hearts oi the people."
Vanderbnrg's vote is worth just as
much as Quinn's in Congress, but they do
want to see Quinn get there. Then one
may hear, too, sr.b-rosa innmatioiis that
Populist leaders themselves knifed Quinn
and tie csmii ate fur t c iadgeship to
(/ some extent up there by trading them for
r member-, ol the Legislature.
"I regard the result in Oregon as a
Populist victory," was the way Chairman
E. M. Wardall spoke in the nft'*rnoon. "It
will ni'.turally have its good effect in this
S:ate. It will be wind in our sails. Be
sides the Congressmen we have elect' d a
lar.-e share of the county officers through
out the State.
"Another thing that we look to is the
chance of our electing a United States
Senator. Tiie Republicans have a large
majority in joint ballot, but the Kepubli
cans are split between Dolph and Mitchell,
as they were at one session of the Leg- j
islcture, wh n an adjournment was taken
without electing anybody.
"The split is now worse than last time,
and the factions are inon- irreconcilable.
We extect to have about thirty members
of the Legislature, which has 90 votes in
joint bjilqt. There are ten Democrats,
lithe Populists and Democrats combine
on a man, it would take very few free-silver
Republican voles to elect him. The Re
puolieans can't elect a Senator, and the
chance lor .he Populists is good."
Secretary R. L. Bush spoke of Coxey.
"We rather liked him," he said. "We
rather liked the way he went into the
Oregon campaign in spite of the state
committee, which fihaliv recognized him
but as an Intruder. We could not keep
recognising him as an earnest Populist.
.He is honest. He has some fads, but they
are not dangerous."
"He is really a level-headed fellow,"
put in C. H. Johnson. "There is a popu
lar impre-sion here that he is associated
with 'sdiidlotter-j,' and there is a pre
judice against him, hut he is not th;it sort
of a man. He is a r -putable and thorough
businessman at home, where he runs a
white stone quarry."
"The news from Oregon has encouraged
nsgrentiy," Mr. Bush proceeded, "and we
rind our prospects in this State brighten
ing rapidly.
"We are getting our campaign plans
i'lto shape. We have an executive com
mittee of fifteen this year. Last time it
numbered three. We will have more
elaborate business method-. Two years
jigo we started the St;ue campaign with
$75 and r.o money promised. Now we
have $'1000 pledged, and we will have
$10,1100.
•We are forming a well-organized ma
chinery throughout the State for the col
lection of money. The State couvention
ordered county assessments amounting to
20 cents for each Webster vote. The
county assessments rantro tmrn $?. in Al
pine and $10 in Mono to $1290 in ban Fran
cisco."
The Populists are already certain that
McGlasb.in will go to Congress from the
Second District. From throughout the
State reports are being received from farm
ers, miners and business men who tell
how their neighbors are talking politics,
and thus are expectations builded.
The State committee will open down
town headquarters right away and will
not po out to the local party's pavilion by
the City Hall. The local committee has
changed its pavilion plans and will not
have a corrugated iron structure with a
tent roof, as at first planned." They have
found a hig circus tent at a bargain and it
will be pitched on the lot leased. A can
vas addition will be added and seats for
between 4000 and 6000 people will be ar
ranged in amphitheater style.
INSULTING PEOPLE.
A Gang of Boys Arrested at Hermann
and Webster Streets.
Property-owners and residents in the
vicinity of Webster and Herrman streets
have been complaining to the Dolice of a
gang of young men who nightly congre
gate on the street corners and insult
passers-by, especially ladies.
So intolerable had the nuisance become
that occupants of houses had notified the
owners that unless it was abated they
would be compelled to remove from the
neighborhood.
Last night Lieutenant Burke detailed
Policemen Fontana and Kemm in plain
clothes to investigate, and they arrested
six young men and booked them at the
Seventeenth-street station for disturbing
the peace.
Their names are Theodore Witts, 17
years of age; Douglas Willis, 17; Edward
Cross, 17; John McCafferty, 18; Frank
Brassna, 16; and Frank Panel, 17.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
The New Board of Directors
Elect Its Officers for
the Year.
Forty-Eight More Names Added to
the M mb-rship Roll — The
Charter Question.
The newly elected directors of the Mer
chants' Association held their first meet
ing yesterday. There were present: A. S.
B.ildwin, Charles Buntlschu, James S.
Conwell, W. (J. Doane, F. W. Dohrmann,
William Doxey, A. G. J. Fusenot, Hueo
D. Keil, Manfred S. Kohlberg, Henry
j Michaels, R. F. O=-V>oru, Maurice A. Roth-
I child, Joseph Simonson, Vanderlynn
| Stow and Frank A. Swain.
The first business was to organize the
j new board, and the following selections
i were made:
F. W. Dohrmann, president; M. S. Kohlberg,
I fir>i vice-president; A. S. Baldwin, second vu-e
-i president, and Vanderlynn Stow, treasurer.
I J. Kicharil Freud was re-el&cted -ecr'-tary and
attorney oi the association; Louis M. King,
- ant secretary and fcujieriiiifii'Jent oi the
street department; Ernest MuCullough, con-
BQltlQg civil engineer, and Miss A. Wiener,
stenographer.
The president appointed the following
directors upon the three standing com
mittees:
Public affnirE— Baldwin, Kohlberg, Stow,
Swain aril Conwell.
Publicity and promotion — Keil, Doxey,
Dome, Bundschn and Michaels.
Trade aud nnatiee— Koiilberg, Osborn, Fuse
not, fciuionson and Rotachild.
Tiie directors instructed the secretary to
send a letter to each of the presidents of
! twenty-two improvement clubs, commer
j cial bodies and the Trades' Council, asking
them to send two delegates to the conven
tion decided upon at the annual meeting
of the association, held May 28, relative to
the adoption of the new etiarter. The
resolutions adopted at that meeting were
; sen? to tbe organizations mentioned.
The board referred the subject of tbe
next tax levy to the committee upon pub
lic affairs with instructions to thoroughly
! investigate the subject and report its re
' suits to the Finance Committee of the
I Board of Supervisors.
The following business men sent in their
i application? for membership, and all were
unanimously electe 1 a-, regular members
of ihe Merchants' Association. The mem
bership includes 452 business houses:
Albion Lumber Company; Boston Woven
}!"-<• and Rubber Company; California Cai>
nerie* Company; N. Clark &. Sons; Collins &
Wheelnnrt; Consumers' Yeas; and Vinegar
Works Fireman's Fund Insurance Conipauy;
Gladding, Mcßcan & Co.; Glindemann &
j Schweitzer: Globe-MacCabe Company; Marcus
j S. Harloe; David N. Hawley; Herman Heyne
man; Ilirschfeluer & Meatiey; £dwaid Hol
land; Holmes & Edwards Silver Com
pany; Insurance Company of North America;
G. M. Joßselyn & Co.; L. H. Kohii; Krngen
Furniture Company ; Kullman, Salz <i Co. ; Lane
<t Connelly J G. Leipnitz <fc Co.; W.Loaiza&
Co.; Mai.Uel, Purscli & Wiener; E. Martin .t
Co.; Alex McConl & Co.; John Middleton; G. A.
Murdoch: it Co. ; Nevada Bank of Sun Frai:ciscQ;
Daniel Noreros's&Co. ;Paciric Lumber Comi-uny;
Parnffine Paint Company; Peraau Brothers <&
Pitts Company; J. J. Pnster Knitting Com
pany; Reed & Goodman; Charles C. Kledy;
C. B. Rode <fc Co.; Rothschild & Ehrenpfort;
Sun Francisco Novelty and Plating Works;
William A. schnltz & Sons; W. Sellschopp &
Co.; Francis Smith <t Co.; M. L. Steams; N.
Van Bergen ct Co.; Voss, Conrad & Co.; Wiison
Brothers; Wolters, Schein <t Co.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE JIOTEU
C W Frank-el, N V Q 8 hwarzenbach, N V
s B r.ennett, Ixindon T K«llv, Chicaso
J Williams <& wf, Eng Sii Wheeler, Bridgeport
0 li Fethera & wf, Wis MrsP.BEliswortti, Canton
1) A Lindsay, NY E S Chun hill, Napa
«: 11 I.eadbeuter Jr, Cal C W Fay, San Jose
W E Lulley. stinford G E P, Hamilton. London
.1 H icunett, I'arls if H>rv-y, London
L Nathan, Auckland J Russell, Auckland
W M Kusaell Aucklan 1 W I> ASteo <fe v;, Melborn
M.ssl.l'i.a>vrencc,Meibn Miss Codaby, Chicago
>; ss B Cudatiy, Chicago Mis- .ICudahv, Chicago
T Matisflfid, N V 3 1 Gafley, lx>s Angeles
C Both, Cincinnati S VI ra n, N V
11 Frank, N V A a Grant, Albuquerque
E -liorrock, Liverpool S Koenwsnerg. Russia
M W oirall, London I. J Btflloni <fc wf, & V
J C Lon, X V Mis !,yon, N V
Qraoc l.yon. tt V Mrs J J G Webster, N V
A \- «.iiiett. Boston W X Milluan, Toronto
W 11 Wyman, Montreal W ii Allderlce, D 8 x
R <Trahatn, Sacramento Mfs P Cook, l:io Vista
J W Mitchell, L Angeles J W Day.d Jr, Lynchburg
J Prink'it;, Jxis Anseles T Hopkins <fe wf, Cal
\\ B Wheeler, Chicago F B i.ntbrop, Napa
RUSS HOUSE.
W J Wytbe. Oakland H F Dingsbere, Carson
E P Newhall, Wash C B Pritner. Kansas
WH i ens/San Jose Mrs E S Gerrett, N" V •
C A McGlaslieen, Nev 11 W Maynard, Brit, Col
G s Hewett, Hanford J I •Isen, Seattle ■'
I. B Seymoure, Cal I.J Oilman. El Dorado
P M Sheare, San Jose P Kirk, Seattle
F C Dio.<ne, Oregon E Hun, Pope Valley
J C Jones, Texas . J H Boone, Texas
vV Crowley, Angora V Lewis, Etna •
W(i Woodson, Madera X T Thomas, Cal
C I. Scott, I'or land E Hucbendorf A f, lowa
R II Branden & w, Paris H Conner <fe w. Cal
J W Foley, cal . T Brown A w, Portland
C Erickson, Portland F W Klene, Portland
F \V Farnsworth, Cal • A Houston, Stockton
A A Ritihka. Cal Miss A Haves. Cal
A Jones, >an Jose J H Howard, Sacto
J H Martin, Cal E D Pushing, Cal
T Rictrards, Ferndale Mrs smith, Ferrdale -
Miss Smith,. Ferndale . W Sweetland. Cal
Mrs L V iit-at:i, Cal Miss II Heath, Cal
C Heath, Cal » E Smith & v, Wash
F F Mess, Wash C \V Weaver. Cal
Mrs D Davis, Cnl
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J s Beard, Centerville J a Fengers, Petaluma
<■ M.igllavaerjt, Naps S W New Stockton
J C Crooks nay wards S Honlijberg, Alameda
K(i >. ilkens, Palo Alto C W innkel. NY
G SchwaeztrDach Jr, Bal Dr J A Servia <fe w, N V
J Gardiner, Moaes.o ■ E H Ezekiel, > hlcaso.
«i II Roberts. L Angeles W A Ryan, Los Angeles
Mrs E Claxton, N V E Mills. Paso Robl- s
W i' > oy.l. Seattle _, Mrs II Rlcherson. Portld
II T Mnllin, Colusa F A Burto i, Colusa
<; A Scott. Mexico - . Mrs C B Sharp, St Louis
H T Jiirscb, Salt I^-e /.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Proctor, Guatemala ■ F Looke, U. B N
W Fisher, V s N , ■ A Turner CiDClnati
C V Uurrows. San Diego X Love. El Paso .
E .1 i icr. Fair Oaks J E Hopkins, lair Oaks
J B Johnston, Vane, B C II M Wetbam. Vane, 1$ C
; J lHunfti-rs, Seattle ' C .1 Lawe. Hay wards
B Allison, Hiitchinsou CM Ward, Grub Gulch .
<' E Rother, Lootniß J McCarthy, Isleton-.
s Erlgman, Fnrbsto vn • G Samuels, Stockton '
J R Higgms, Vallejo ' Cli Lewis, Harrlsburg
E D Rodes & w, Wht PU .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
GRAND HOTEL.
J P Johnson & w, Oakld L X C Jordan & w.Aubrn
X J Hudson, Lakoport V J Jiunter. Sacto ■
A J Smith, sacto ' X Wil-ion, Cal
Rs Brown, Petaluma A Jackson, Cal
A Dubhers, San Rafael J A Haskel, Cal -
N W Turney &w,snjose E X Edwards & vet, Cal
iV s Moore & fam, B C Rev R A Jones, Liverpol
W F Peterson Jr. Sacto X U Kan -, Redding
I. Antler, Denver Miss EG Kane, Redding
WH Patterson, Yreka PDeubsr, Spokane
A Kmseb, Fre3no D Brown, Petaluma
i; C Welnreich, Sacto R Spencer, Cal
M Welnreicb, V'irgClty H Spencer, Lai
B X Geary, Cal ; . J Berryra»ri. Berkeley
II Justlus. Berkeley J McFarland, (-'alt
Mrs M Orr, >;alt MissHatchey, Coio
J Hood, Hanford Mrs W C Miller. Chicago
Mrs s T Jount, Chicago A M Smith, Washington
11 Bronner, Honolulu B C Tojrnaxzl, Honolulu
Rev C Brown, Sioux 3 s Smith. Cnico
M L Weaver & wf, Cal Miss X Jackson, Los An«
M Cody & wf, Cal Mr<T II Jackson, LosAng
Miss Roden, Toledo R B Woodham, Colusa
X A Smail, Colusa X T Owens, Omaha
J A Lain,', San Diego A Marquis, Honolulu
II W Orr & w. Mont Miss 1. Walker, lnd
E B Gage, Ohio O L F Kelloga, Everett
J P Bradley, Seattle T N Holler, Seattle
P P Gray Wash C J Deiserve, Portland
(i A King, San Jose X E Howe A w, Stockton
C Wagneram <t w, Inn Miss Aiah I. Cal
J A Andrews A w.L Ang M W. Barnes, San Joss
C A Try on, Angels CH Knapp, Hollister
J Tenney, Fresno Miss M E Kaniison, Santa-
B A Skinner Eureka Cruz
J M (.Laves, Redding W W Kerrison & w.Peta-
J E Murphy. Stockton lama
II A Fairbanks, Sacto J A Gill, Sacr:imento ■
Mrs A B A;!drews,L Ang Miss H Andrews, L Ang
Mrs M White, Los Ang Mrs W F Whitney .Bostn
Miss Elliott, Stockton
LICK HOUSK.
T B Oray, Nevada City G Newman, Tex
H Hoover, Pan Jose W h i;vans, Oakland
T C (-farril, Sonora J ri Falconer, >cattle
W H McMatn, San Jose C Weissenborger.NevCty
Mrs James. Nevada City A G Hart. Salt Lake
A S McGowan. Nev J M Dickson<fcw,Stu Bosa
W G Kogers, Amalia C L Comar. Bakersfield
E Mansfield, NY J M Mannlon, Ufciah
W B Kline, Detroit H C Nash, Hanford
T E Johnson. Sau Jose P H Johnson, San Jose
H Todd, Oakland T Snowgrass, Portland
Mrs J H Nash. Portland A Macintosh, Menlo Prk
E H Swltier. San Jose J J Smith, Smithvtlle
TS RussolLChineseCp N Petronl, Petaluma
Mrs Dougherty, L Angels Mrs Hotcukiss.L Angeles
I Dannenbaum, Vallejo W H French, San Jose
J H Saville, Cal F Houghton, Cal
W J Hillman.Cal J E Camp Sacto
G W >trohl, Napa M B Gruuadino. San Jose
J Feela, Red Bluff w Moyie & w,% r alieclto
Mrs Mitchell, Valleclto Miss R Moyle, Vailecito
Mrs A Movie Valleclto R L Aulrt <fe w. San Jose
II U McCl'eilan. Kureka C R <-ardner, Cal
Miss Hall, San Rafael c X Knapp, Calistoga
N J James, San Jose W Blake, sacto
Mrs J Met arlune, sacto
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUBINEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco CalT/
-710 Market street, open until 12 o clock everj
oient In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 830 Montgomery street
corner (.'lay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes "street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larklu street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, ope)
nntll 9 o'clock.
3618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
sP^~YE]RBA~B 6 E X A LO DG I •: OF "pe'iC '""_" "
Sb^^ fection No. — Stated meeting THIS
(FRIDAY) EVENING, June 5, at 7:30 A
o'clock. GEO. J. JIOBE. /$.
Secretary. <si_c?
Bfc-^S= OFFICERS AND MEMBERS < s__ffi'/t >
Eta? of Apollo f.odge No. 123. i. <>. =VV^Jx_
O. r"., are respectfully requested to al- >*?s^":-
-tend a me- tin? THIS FRIDAY, June "" JV
5, 1896, at B o'clock P.M. Election of office? for the
enduing term. - C. c. POST, N. G.
Holland Smith, Rec. Sea -
K_^= A. O. H., DIVISION NO. 2-THKft>«.
St-JS" regular monthly meeting of this 'li- IT" if
vision will be held oil FRIDAY EVEN- Jpv,;J
ING. June 5, at 8 o'clock, in HlberniaUnll.fcQfejuq
Interesting reports from our late state Con- _" Wit
ventlon will be submitted. Candidates for admis-
sion will p. ease bo prompt In a' tendance.
B.i RTLEY LEE, President.
John Kkxny, Rec. Sec.
Sr^^» REGULAR MEETING OF. <? Si
-j-^ the Caledonian Club lI IS 5^ £> $7
EVENING at 8 o'clock, Scottish Hall, **X_is
lllLarkinst. i). R. McNEILL, Chief.
James 11. Duncan, Sec.
(t^S" J. Q A. HENRY WILL LECTURE AT
sF-*^ Metropolitan Temple FRIDAY, June 5. at 8
p. m., under the pices of Council 68. Subject:
"The Friends and Foes of Old Glory."
EP_^» CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
s£^ THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year tor $1 60,
postage free.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
Ot^Js» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4:
K<S' collections made, city .or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montsjy St., room 6. Tol. £580.
I^gr- NOTICE— ABANDONED CHILDREN
m~& in the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum
since January, 1890— Martha Fros:, age 7 years;
Anna Deeper, age 10 years: Rose Deeney, age ' 6
years; Margaret McCarthy, age 8 years; Mary 11 ig-
gins, age 10 years. Respectfully,
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
■t^S= R. HARRISi i I a REMOVED FBO M
Ur-jy 1138 Market st. to 11 Taylor, room 1.
■_» AT TO EY-AT-LA W R. W. KING, RE-
Sr-JS' moved to Chronicle bldg., room 91; advice
free; debts, insolvency, legit papers, all cases;
fees low; open evenings, 8 to 9. .
!E_sf» COFF_Y'S COLLECTION coT 235
fir-*^ Kearny s: . ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. 'Telephone Ked '■■''A.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
A 1 GERMAN COOK WANTS POSITION
__i with Americans. FENTON * CO.
COTCH GIRL WOULD LIKE GENERAL
housework; references. FENTON A CO.
OSITION WAN IED AS HOUSEKEEPER;
lodging-house; can give bonds. PENTON &
CO., 122 Geary St.
p ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 306 M.A-
V.T son it., furnishes help of all nationalities.
ITUATION WANTED B-Y A RESPECTABLE
0 woman to do general housework: plain cook
ana laundress; no objections to the country;
many years' reference. Call or address 364 Jessie.
1 ADY AND HER DAUGHI ER wFsH SITU-
1j ation to do cooking- best of references: city or
country. Address L. D., box 102, Call Office.
T)LACE WANTED TO COOK AND GENERAL
X housework: city or country; with boy 6 years
old; can give gooa references. 14i9% Sanchez st.
pOMPKTBNT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
V.' tion to do general housework; city or country;
wages $15. Call or address 79 Je.-ssi st.
wedish (iiKi. wants si i uation to do
0 houseworK in American family; wages $15 to
$20. Address 1.21/2 Gilbert st.
V OUNG WOMAN WISHES TO DO GENERAL
1 housework: good cook; fond of children; city
or country. 27% Fourth st.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS GOV-
-1 erness, chamberwork or second work; good
references. S. (i., box 17, Call Offire.
M" XI > D LE-AG ED WOMAN desires A Posi-
tion as cook and assist In housework in a
1 schoolteacher's or « private detective's family:
wages no object. Ad. American, box 68, this office.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
XV house to take care of, or would do stairs wo j
and cooking; good city references. Call 725%
Bush st.
TVTURSE— RESPECTABLE woman WISHES
1 1 situ.-i.lon to nind a child ; references. ,N. ±i.,
box 136, call Office.
FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER ILL go oxTt
J; by the day or work at borne; fit guaranteed;
reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye,
4) YOUNG. STRONG GERM A.V GiRLS WANT
— < situ .tii us to do cooking, general ho.isework or
second work: * wages $20 to $26; good references.
1 all or address P. D.. 4134 Nineteenth ' St., Dear !
Castro. •■■..■■
V'OUNG GIRL. 17, WISHES PLACE TO AS- ;
J- sisi with housework and care of children. Ad- |
dress G. 8., box 63, Call office. ■ \
\\r ANTED— SITUATION TO NURSE INVA-
» » lid or care for children, eil her in city or coun-
try. 1221 O'Farrell St., room 22. ■
U' IDOW WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE- '
»» keener; city or country. Call at 681 Mission
St., room 10, first floor. .
EXPERIENCED LAUNDRESS WISHES
-i work Thursday and Friday each week. Please
call 211 Lily aye., off Octa via. -
rpwo eastern ~GI!<L8, second work;
1 wages $25. 1045 Market __ Yosemite House.
Ituation wanted as cook or gen
S~ ITlf ATION WANTED AS CO< IKUS <■_ \ -
eral work in small private family: competent
American woman; good reference. Address T. E.,
box 74, this office. . '
\roUN i ; GIRL WISHES a SITUATION to DO
JL second work, take care of child or do sewing.
Call 1117 Hampshire st.
pOMPETEN V RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES
V/ any kind of work by the day. 114 Fourth st.,
room 33. ' ■:;'•;•*-■■
l/TRST-CLAS-s COOK WISHES SITUATipx
F in private fami y: understands It thoroughly.
Call a 1331 V 2 California st.
T? XPKKIENCED SEA ISTBKBB WISHES EN-
S-J gaiit'm'nti' by : the day with a dressmaker.
Please call 428 NatomaV..
"~* Mf.RIOAN WOMAN DESIRES LIGHT
SX. housework or second work; child 7 years old;
country preferred.. 630 Sixth st. '
pOMPETKNT WOMAN WISH SITUATION :
\J is good cook; willing .- to do: small washing;
would tie willing to ' go to Berkeley or OaKland
Apply 33 Rusi st.
(TUN'; WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
as housekeeper: city or country. : Call or ad-
dress 3033 Sixteenth si., near Mission. -^ ;••;.'.>•
I ADY OP- EXPERIENCE WISH ES POSI-
J.J tion as housekeeper, companion: to invalid or
any position of trn.t; thoroughly reliable: refer-
ences if required. Address MRS. L. S.,' Oakland
Office Call. . v,
\\T ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
»' i-ompanlon or nurse to a lady: domesticated
and fond of children. Address KB., box 73, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continued.
IDD LE- AG ED G E KM A N LADY WISHES
position as housekeeper: best of references.
Address 1019 Noe st. .
A MERICAN CATHOLIC . ADY WISHES
—imposition as working housekeeper: competent
10 lake full Charge; best city references. A. C,
box 39, Call Office. , .
VOUiNG SWEDISH GIRLS WISH SITUA-'
1 lions to do general housework. Apply 1135
Florida St., neur Twenty-fourth.
I-RKNCH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
X take care of children or do upstairs work. In-
quire ai 820 Franklin St., Oakland.:
TRONG, INDUS TRIO US, HONEST WOMAN
O wants situation in hotel or boarding-house or
In thecouiu;y: is willing to wors. Address A. D.,
box 37, Call Office.
yOUNG WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS I
-L with ii child wishes ii housekeeper's position or
some light work to do. Please call 917 Market st.,
room 18. , V ■•
\\' INC I! ESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»T Market: 200 rooms: 2.1 c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
situations WASTKD-MALE.
FiBST-CLASaT FBENCH COACHMAN AND
gardener desires situation, or as butler; best ref-
erences: city or country. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutler st. !
H~ UNTiSR „ CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE I
employment office, 17 Webb St., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
HINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 41 41/2 O'Farrell; teL E. 426.
HINESK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
T» CO. CORK'S sue!. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
X .branches :Bhort i. once. i4iearv. lel.urant4B.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 su _____________
"YOUNG MAN OF 22 DESIRES A SITUATION
-1 in business house or store; willing to do any •
kind of work; is a good stenographer and type-
writer and is familiar with office work and assist-
ant bookkeeping. Address W. W., box 50, Call.
Ar OUNG MAN WISHES A SITUATION IN
-I hotel or restaurant to learn waiting: will work
for his board the first month. Address E., box 72,
Call Office. .
T) ARBERS— SITUATION WANTED BY GOOD
JL> young barber to help out Saturday or study.
Adoress Barber, box 60, Call Office.
LACE WANTED BY FIRST - CLASS
JL butcher; city or country: wages $60. Address
1419 y a Sanchez st.
VO I ' NG GERMAN OF 25 WOULD LIKE A
X job about a store or private place as porter, gar-
dener and care of horses, etc.; good references.
Address :T. W., box 63. this office.
T^TrST-CLASS MECHANIC AS PAINTER
x and paper-nanger wishes situation in country;
can furnish tools and tackles ; is willing to do
other work if nut supplied with painting. Address
E. W., box 43, Call office. _^
Ms AND WIFE, with best REFER-
ence, desire position on a farm. Address P.
YOUGLARD. 625 Pacific st.
"i/ nisi ci. ■. ss COOK WANTS SITUATION;
-L 1 good references. H. ROBINSON, 1426 Mason.
AN AND WIFE; EASTERN. PEOPLE;
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; references.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call office.
IDDLK-AGKD GENTLr MAN WOULD LIKK
MIDDLE-AGED GENTLe MAN WOULD LIKB
ap sit!on as salesman: has best of references
from firm he has been with for' the last twelve j
years: salary no object. Address S. E., box 92, |
this office. ■ V I
I. CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room; 200 ;
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 tOsS per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. •
AN TED— BY- A GuOD MAN, A POSITION
'» for city and nearby tad-, long experience,
sa'ary or commission or ioih: best references.
Address S. J., box 91, this office.
JAP A GARDEN Ml, Sli..\Di, SuBKK,
to do general utility arouni) house, city or coun-
try; reference. CHARLEY IMATSU, 2829
Pacific nve. ,':.".
\\ r ANTED-BY MAN AGED 30, EMPLOY-
■»' ment. thoroughly reliable, not afraid of uork,
writes a good hand. " Address -v. E., box 39, Call.
A '■OUNG MAN WANTS WORK AS CONFEf-
-1 tioner's assistant in San Frnncisco, Oakland or
Alameda; attends night school. Address Confec-
tioner, box 39, Call.
V STEADY, SOBER, MIDDLE-AGED MAN,
situation as dishwasher in small restaurant or
hotel- last place four years, Address A. ■?., Call
Office, Oakland.
P "APE K-H ANGER, WITH TOOLS. wants
piecework: paper hung 9c per rolL 620 Lar-
kin st.
I^RIGHT YOUNG MAN DESIRES POSITION j
I' as private detective; understands his busi- j
ness; strictly confidential. Address S. C, box 65, i
Call Office.
YOUNG MAX WANTS \£pRK; HANDY AT !
1 painting, whitewashing, paper-hanging: will
work reasonable by the day: city or country;
good references. HARRY, pox 82, Call Office.
GOOD KXPERIK&CI2D GERMAN BAK- 1
" keeper wishes situation; speaks Scandinavian; !
city or country. Address B. T., box 25, Cull.
\'OUN*t MAN WANTS WORK OF ANY KIND
. with grocery firm; experienced clerk; will
drive wa?on: best of reference. Address Clerk,
box 89, Call Office. , . j
RCHARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
charge orchard; Vine*, Stock and general farm-
ing; fifteen. years' California experience; A 1 ref-
erences. Address Ranch. 3124 Fulton st. I
"yOUNG .M,\.V WHO THOROUGHLY UNDER- I
.1 standa designing and cutting Indies' cloaks, de- j
sires a position; first-class tailor; good references.
441 Natoma St.
GENTLEMAN OF 13 YEARS' EXPERIENCE !
wishes position as steward or manazer in good •
hotel; city or country: tbe right man for the right
place. Address Manager, box 34, Call Office.
i A riONS WANTED BY GERMAN COU- !
O pie without chlicren: wife as cook, housekeep-
er or chambermaid: man to take care of horses,
cattle and srarden, or as porter; references. Call
or address 1. . 319 Ellis st.
\\ INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: tree bus nni baggage 10 and from the ferry.
FKBL-JUS UKLI' WANTED.
GERMAN .MK-K, $20: SECOND GIRL, $20: i
AJT second girl, Oakland. $2. r >: 15 housework girls, I
city and country, $20 and $25: 6 VOnng girls, as-
sist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 523 Sutter st.
LAUNDRE.SS; $26. MISS CULLEN, 323 \
JJ Sutter st.
\\f OMAN AND CHILD AS HOUSEKEEPER";
>» (IS. MISS CD li. e.n, 323 hotter st.
\\r ANTED-COOK. COUNTRY, $25. FRENCH !
'. second and Jimndress, $20; waitress, city, $20; j
chambermaid and waitress, $20: French gill for
country, $15: German nurse, $15. LEON AN-
DRE, 316 Siocktcn st.
< ■ il;;. FOP. SAN : JOAN, SEE PARTY HERE
VT 8:30. $•-'0: girl for Calistoga, 2 in family, see
party here 8:80, $15: cook lor Oakland, $20 to i
$25: Swedish housekeeper for Solano County, $15; I
girl for housework, city, to sleep home, $15; girls
for housework, city and country, $20 and $16. C.
1;. HANsE-s A t*O., 110 Geary st.
ANNIE PLO. GH DANISH GIRL— PLEASE
call. C. R. II A N N & CO., 130 Geary at.
i) IRONERS FOR LAUNDRY, NO~EX PERI-
— ence necessary, $15 to $'-<•> and found; mangier
for laundry, • 18. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary &U:-:-
ANTED— 2 FRENCH AND IRISH SECOND
»' girls, $20; 4 rooks, German style, $25; 4
cooks In boardin^-hou-e, restaurant an"! institu- I
tion. $20, $VSS and $30: 2 waitr«s-.es, hotel. $20,
and a large nu;n of girls for cooking and house-
work In city and country. J. F. UROsETT &. CO.,
312 Sinter
IDDLE-A(.Et) GERMAN OR BCANDINA-
''I vian ranch cook, $20 to 925: waitress Ama-
dor, $20: «irl for chamberwork and waiting, plain
country hotel, $15, {are paid; tress, small restau-
rant near city. ;$l5 and room: and other places.
MURRAY <& READY, 634 Clay St.
■YTKATY UNO WOMAN; HOUSEWORK AND
11 cooking; American family of three near city.
$20. MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay St.
\\r ANTED — A COOK FOR SMALL FAMILY
'.»* In country, $30: see lady here this morning
Apply Miss PLUNKETT, 424 -utter St.
!: Wanted— a waitress for hotel IN
■■'"» country, $25; faro paid. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT. 424 Sotter st. •
ri IRLS OF A LL na rioN alitiks as cooks,
vJ nurses, | upstairs work or general housework
seek positions. German Employment Office, 306
Mason st. •-'.:.-.
"pHAMBERMAID, $20: WAITRESS, $20;
yj nurse, $20: cook, country, $25: housegfrl, 2 in
family, $26; second cirl, $20; 4 housegirls, $20;
German nursegirl, $12; housegirl. $15. 315 Sut-
ter st. ... ' - :
/'IOMPKTENT WOMAN OF GOOD ADDRESS' !
\J can secure lucrative employment with respon- j
sible business house: no previous experience; !
liberal salary to right party. Address Posi- I
tion, box 7, Call Office. .
"Y"OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
-I good wages to competent party. 1036 Regent
St., narrow-gauge, Alameda. .'..'..'
SWEDISH OR GERMAN GIRL; CO KING i
O and downstairs work. Call from 8 a.m. to 2 I
i' m. 1354 Post st. ;-'■.•'.' '■■-''.'..
/ • IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; MUST
■ '' understand cooking: wages $15. - Apply 1935
Kills st. : ■-.-■■:■, ■■■■ •;,-'■-, ;.-■ ■■• -f •;.-;, •...'.'.- ?.•:-:.;■;•
Gl L IOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; NO
washing; $12. 2615 Octavla st. :
;y oung girl ; FOB LIGHT HOUSEWORK^
. _ 18 Cherubusco St., off Portland aye.
\ r OUN OIBIi TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
.i- work and mind baby. 20 ______________
p KKMA~N TTI rT~FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VT work. 2802 Pine at. V
EXPERIENCED rFORELADY WANTED TO :
take charge of ; clonk and dress Alterations;
state - fully experience ' and where formerly em-
ployed. Apply by letter only to Manager Cloak
Department, Emporium. :
ELIABLE, INT 1.1,1 (Vent NIGHT NURSE ;
for small private hospital: graduate not neces- .
sary. -. Apply 1620 Broadway, near corner of Van
Nobs aye. ;  .-. ■. -. ;....:.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
J- housework in small family. 836 Harrison st.
1 ■ > •:-. -:■> --■■-■■ :■■■- : - " - . ■. •■ . ;-:•>: J .
HELP "WANTED— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS CHOCOLATE DIPPER. CALL
J at once at SCHAEFER'S, 2-' Sixth st.
: YKJ ANTED— A LARGE FIRM DOING AN EX-
'» teiisiv.: business -both -wholesale and . retail
would like to hear from a bright, active woman.
Address Wholesale, box 36, Call Ottice.
p ERMAN GIRL FOR COOK AND GENERAL
' VJ" housework. Call, 2to 6, 604 McAllister st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SH EPA RD* CO., OLD RE-
■ liable attorneys, 1068 EaU 16th St., Oakland.
HAUji.ljtt.hSsJAO. -jdo AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101fasons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
oat-finishers WANTED. 541 market
street. • ' .
APPRENTICES— SPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
Jri. Tues. in dress cutting. , 14 McAllister, room 67.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 10 $6
per week ; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
RKSSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
SJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting, patterns
__'• ;:n. MCDOWELL Acnrtcmv. 213 Powell St.
MALE helf WANTED.
y\FXntl!U^jvutT^^ " a"n d~sXles^
•' man for a milk, butter and egg depot in San
Franc. juust be American an i single: first-
; ! class place: $30 per month and lound; also 50
farmer*, milkers and others. W. D. EWER&
I CO, 626 Clajr st. '■
W ANTED— JOE GLISSMAN. THE STEW-
»' ard, please call. W. D. EWER <fe CO., 626
Clay st.
\\l ANTED— COOK FOR HOTEL, $46; fcEC-
'* ond cook. $35; young waiter, If 30: teamster
for haying, $20, eta LEON ANDRE, 315 Stock-
ton st. .... "v ■■•■;
XA SAWMILL LABORERS, $20 AND FOUND;
O\J 20 tlemakers, 8c and 10c each; 6 farmers..
$26; 10 farmers, $20; charcoal 10c sack;
I 5 teamsters, $1 70 day; 6 woodchoppers, $1 cord.
MURRAY <_ READY, Leading Employment
Agen s, 634 and 636 Clay st .
5 MILKERS, $25; STABLEMAN, CITY; MAN
to herd hogs; boy for a ranch. $100 a year; 3
choremen. MURRAY A READY, Lgading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
5 COOKS. $30 TO $60 ; 3 DISH WASHERS. $10
to $20; 3 waiters, $30: choreman, country ho-
tel, $16; ola man to cook for 3 men, $12; ironer
for Troy machine. MURRAY & READY. Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ANTED— DAIRYMAN, NEAR CITY, CALL
»» early, $30; milkers, $20. $22 60 and S3O:
wagon-makers. $2 75 it day: laundryman: chore-
man; cook and wife for country hotel, $60: wait-
ress, country, $25; porter and others. Apply to J.
*'. CROSETT & CO., t,28 Sacramento st. . . J
WAITER FOB] SPRINGS. $26; BELLBOY,
with good references, hotel, $16. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
\\r ANTED-IN WHOLESALE HOUSE.YOUNG
»» man .stenographer, typewriter and general
1 utility; references; stale salary expected, Utility
box 112, Call. . •
EXPERIENCED CASSIMERE WEAVERS;
men of families preferred. I Oregon City Manu-
facturing Company, Oregon City, Or.
E.N _ KGETIC MAN WITH $100 TO TAKE
-IJ half-Interest in comedy company now organiz-
ing tor the road. Call or address W. A. RICE,
1429 Mission st.
IV" ANTED— PARTNER FOR TRAVELING
■»■ through country; good Daying business. 8.,
box 51, this office.
A G i^NT W * NTEIJ— GOLDEN GATE DYE
-A Works, 342 McAllister st.
j ryiAILOR WANTED AT ONCE AT R. BItEM-
I i. LEU'S, 303 Gran; aye., corner Sutterst.
17 XPERIENCED OPERATORS ON CLOAKS
£j and suits. LOEWEXTHAL'S, 914 Market st.
O\ TO WASH DISHES AND HELP IN
kitchen; $10 and room. 511 Valencia st.
FOR SATURDAY AT 307 GRANT
_J> avenue.
ABBbB WANTED FOR SATURDAY;
wages $3. 623 Clay st.
\\r A TED— TAILOR TO DO CLEANING AND
" repairing. 441 Bush st-
\\r AN TED — FIRST -CLASS BARBERS;
■ » steady work: 60 cents on dollar. 207 Fourth.
i» ANTED— AI COATMAKER. D. RUST. 1077
' • Market st. •,
aTTbiTrs 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EM PLOY -
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
AlißKKrv-roK i--MPLoYAlJ»>'i' <_AJ.i. >l-.i •
re'.arv llwbers' Asso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCH3.
AKBERa' ASSOCIATION Or' I'AU (.Ml'UU-
menu SeCy, P. C. ilamaun, 2:-:9Va O'FarrelL
WANTED-BARBER~TO~BUY A 4-CHAIB
»* shop with lease; best location on Market st.;
price $250. 8., box 134, Call Office.
MARKERS— IS-CENT SHOP FOR SALE; 2
n chairs: best location; 3 living-rooms; clears
$20 to $25 a weeK; trial given; selling on account
of sickness. Apply Call. ■
I IjAKBERS- 3 GOOD BARBER CHAIRS AND
j •' fixtures for sale cheap; to be removed imme-
| diately. Apply 222 Stockton st.
: L iRST-CLASS~_IERCHANT TAILOR CUT-
X ter. Chicago Woolen Mills. 567 Market st.
JOE— PLE A WRITE AT ONCE; IMPOR-
tant news for yon. MAX, 476 Jersey. .; "
GENERAL AGENTS, WITH SMALL CAP-
ital: a money maker. D., box 133, this office.
I "VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
. IX 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, niL-ht 15c to
I 60c;weelc$l to $2 50; reading-room strictest atten-
tion o morning calls: clean; quiet;' open all ni^bt.
"MA ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CAN THINK OF
'» some simple thin; to patent? Protect your
! Weas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
I WEDDERBURN _ r- 0 ., . Dept. L, Patent Attor-
I neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prize oiler
i and Us: of 200 inventions wanted.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
haud shoes, 749 Mission St., opp. Grand Opera-
i house: new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
I and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit aud
J cast-off shots bought or exchanged.
lcho mouse, btjiiv^ Market sr.—
Kooi^r iiOc, 25c. to 50c. night; fl to $?. week.
T.UST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
tl Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 15c per night: clean-beds, sunny rooms.
Ui ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps. U. S. nay., able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
j not less than 5 feet 5 inches' in height; of good
I Character and temperate habits; able to read,
j write and speak J.n^lish properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
' clared their intentions to become citizens will be
', accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving op-
, portunities 10 visit all parts of the world on board
: our new csuisers. For further information apply at
j the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
CIALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
/ half-solein^ 26c up. 959 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
\ STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
/v din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
\\r IN CHESTER HO; 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
• » Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST. ; _OT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
i \\- anted- me:; To l. am barber
«'. trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard.
KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIIIS B'lilTf ;
J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 812 My, tel. m. 853.
EST IN CITY— SING ■ E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and LeUiPsdori? sta.
UOMs 150 To 75c PI R NIC HI": 50c TO »1 60
per week. Oriental, 225 Drummst.
\\r ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
' » ers«_clerKs. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Suiter
r HAT CHEER HOUSE. ttii SACRAMENT ■>
»' st.: 200 rooms; best in the city- single roomi
£0 and 25c a night, *l a week: meals 10c.
\\r ANTED— LABORERS . AND MECHANICS
'"to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third at.; 150
large rooms; 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week. .
1 INL.ELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I ' Bts.; single furnished ran 75c week, 16c nigh:.
h,/|MK.N 'io TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
1 \i\J and 20c a night. including coffee and rolU
624 Washington st., near Kearny. :
YV X ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
* ' yonrold shoes and make them as«goo<l as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the nsual.p.-lce: done while . you wait.
662 Mission gU, between First and Second sts.
\y ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
. »» »-9ek; rooms for two. 26c a day, $1 50 a week;
wading- room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
,*.. EN TO FEED MANHATTAN SXOCK *OOD;
i'l nil grocers keep it. .
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES.. fcOMk
nearly new, B6c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
}?IREK BEEB-TWO SCHOONERS FOii sc;
J? also a bnttl tof lager, 6c, at 637 Clay st
'|IKY AlJlli H>\ St. »i..; M.\ ii _T .ST., BK-
I -trx mti'.. fr.r a nwm- ''■■ - r.'- ••• SI xmk
PARTNERS WANTED.
TjfXßTNETn^rHTrTiirLin^
X quired. Owner, 1176 East Fourteenth St., Oak-
, lnnd. - .
■ FUKNITUBK WANTED.
QECOND-HAND FOR COUN-
O try; I pay good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City
Hall aye. , • . -.-_-.
MALOXK PAYS 20 PER CENT MOB',
than elsewhere for furniture' to fill country
- orders. -Leave orders at KINO'S, 3 Fourth st. ■ ■■ '
IF YOU WANT "GOOD PRICES FOR FURXI"
X ture r.nd merchandise see HL'l'.D, ill Larkin.'
1/hHtKt; SELLING YOUR FURNITUR~
S-> send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057; Market.
BASCH, 321 SLTTr.H, v WANTS FURNI-
O» ture, saloons nod merchandise: highest price.
may Kit BUV>. YOUR FURNITURK
. c-arnets. piano. lixr, MR»-lcKt:.tfl. Jessie 761::
WANTJKW-MI.SCIi^LANIiOUS. «
uTH^i^RICEsni'A TT)~LADIES 7 .~GE N I S'
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Halm, 316 3d".
SI'.LL , xoUJt, BOOKS. CWJ'j'HlNv. ANO JEW
O """"A. KI.EIN. li).> Sixth hi .; fend postal.
__ L _ TYPEWRITERS. '
YOST, $30; CALfGRAPH, T /$25: BENS FOB
J- sample work. SCOTT «St BAN AN, 333 Monty
BUSINESS ■■ CHAjS CE9._ ". ,
SPOT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandlse. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
|J</'nA GROCERY AND BAB; FINK ES .AB
ijp UUU. li-ih'd place doing go.id business; the
stock is fresh: rent cheap and the locality" fine:
see this at o cc; a rare chance: good reason for
selling. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avp.'
QiQflO RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
«ISt/UU. lor taking in $35 a day; fine locality;
cheap rent; furnishea well and a rare bargain; see
this at once: object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. . - -
<2» ! r^fin BEBB BOTTLING WORKS; 3
tjp I O\f\J' teams; fine route; ' business actually
paying above expenses. $150 month; investigate
this rare chance; the place will stand the fullest
investigation. T. LUBE-SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
JVOAAA PARTNER; ONE OF THE BEST
<P_JU\JU. paying newspapers in lively northern
town ; presses and type all of the latest; alt county
printing: object for sellinz need the services of en-
ergetic man. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
IX PAPER ROUTES; CAN BE MADE TO
pay $200 per month ; best paper on coast out-
side San Francisco: look this up. KENNY <fc
CO., 765 Market st. -
<E»l7£. PLEASANT, PROFITABLE BUSI-
«Jp.I. I J. ness suitable for lady or gentleman: es-
, tablished and extending to all the coast and inte-
j rior; this is good. "KENNY <fc CO., 765 Market st.
>T\i\ LODGING-HOUSE? 10 ROOMS AND
~l\t\J . bah; most desirable block on Post st.:
only six minutes' walk from Kearny st. : house full
of desirable roomers; is a bargain.- KENNY A
CO., 765 Market st.
ffl»O-TT LODGING-HOUSE: 11 WELL-FUR-
<•"■--'• nished rooms; No. 1 location: low rent:
house full. .KKNNY <_ CO., 765 Mark t.
qgorrk RESTAURANT AND oyster-
tJpO'JU. house in immediate vicinity of Baldwin
Hotel: fine business. KENNY «fe CO., 765 -Market.
©(•en CANDY. factory AND store!
?Ir*)«JU. corner, in the Mission* value of stock,
51000; receipts $15 to $2 > daily; living rooms. M.
LESS CO., 7831/3 Market st.
c.nc nn fine corner GROCERY AND
«IP^iOU<'. bar; choice portion Western Ad-
dition; elegantly fitted up; has a well-paying
trade; best class of custom; big bar trade: good
outside route; cheap rent; owner's'time occupied
in another business which prevents him attending
to this. M. LESS _ C 0.. .783% Market st.
©1 £,rjn RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
•4TI«J \J\J. house in extra good location, north
of Market st. ; elegantly fitted everything first-
class throughout: dining-room taxed to its utmost
capacity; highest class of custom; best prices;
owner going out of the State. M. LESS A CO..
7831/2 Market st.
(J>! ;=( I PARTNER WANTED: STEADY
f&±*J\'. man to look after office, handle cash,
etc.. in legitimate business, situated across the
ba<-; experience not necessary; duties easily
learned; ban tine horse and buggy: will clear from
$65 to $75 per month to each, See GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market St. 
it \(\ CIGAR-STORE, FINELY FITTED
•tTO«Jv/. up; large stock: situated on good cor-
ner, at prominent transfer point; owner sick;
must sell; stock will invoice price asked. i_>i-.0.
STEWART, 602 Market st. I
Cj'l l{f)(\ $850 CASH, COFFEE SALOON
uP-L'-'V/U. and restaurant: one of the finest loca-
tions in the city, near Market St. ; elegant fixtures,
well (stub ished, trade runs from $50 to $60 per
day. best of reasons for selling. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st. •
tfJj'W^ REHTUARANT AND COFFEE SA-
t&Zj&O. loon near City Hall: neat attractive
place doing Al business; large number regular
boarders; bargain. STENBERG COMPANY,
632 Market st.
(2{J£A RESTAURANT, NEWLY FITTED,
<%>^.O\J. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel-
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy.
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market st.
(2j('"rv CORNER GROCERY. BAR: WEST- I
tjpVOyj. em Addition; well established; rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: good ■ place for "
man and wife. KBEBO CO., 632 Market st.
OAA SALOON IN BUSY' PART OF TOWN;
<JV\J. cheap rent; don't miss this bargain.
STEaBERi . & CO.. 632 Market St.
C«QAA|, PARTNER WANTED IN WELL-
«jp_»V/V/w. established steam-laundry in first-
class running order; has the trade of loading lodg-
ing-houses ana restaurants: valuable outside
routes: horses and wagons: business sure to in-
crease if properly attended ; booKs open for inspec-
tion; full investigation. bTENBERG CO., 632
Market st.
*->nn BAKERY, OLD - ESTABLISBLED, i
<JnOIVU. with large route; baking 2 barrels daily. I
JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny St. »___
CIGAR-STORE; ON PRINCIPAL STREET;
V-' one of the best in this city: cheap; rent mod-
erate. JOHNS lON, 26% Kearn.v st. _^
$>'_>( FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE.
<-)\J\J . Al location; horse and w»;o:i: re-
ceipts $15 day. BARRETT SKIPP, 9.'1 Market.
(JOXfl BEST CORNER CIGAR-STAND IN
iF4.OV.cHy. B ARR-TT _ SKIFF, 921 Market
Ojr " A WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
tp I O\.i and notion business; , clearing over $100
month; building : Included: ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 921 Market.
Ul/l/k GROCERY AND BAlt: FURNITURE
\J\J. of 4 rooms. HEGARTY'.IOU* Market.
<B* -,/iAA half interest IN STEAM
tJP-UUU. laundry doi:ig from «100 to $150 per
day; a bargain. HICKOK CO., 873% Market.
**Jli"l r ll r 1 FOR HALF INTEREST IN GOOD
•i?OUv* . paying roadside house, or $1100 for all:
fine gank-ns for private picnics. ■ HICKOK <_ CO.,
8755% Market st. .
: f||| GROCERY STORE" AND 4 FUR-
«Jp I yJ\J . nished rooms. Apply to DECKER,
1020 Market st.
LINE CORNER SALOON; GOOD LOCATION^
.1 owner going in other business. Apply
SAMUEL BROTHER, 132 First st.
\ BARGAIN; CORNER SALOON, WITH 11
.Ol furnished rooms In business I. art of the city:
present owner conducting business for 12 years;
reason, retiring from business. Apply SW. cor.
Sacramento and Imirnm sts.
<£• ~{kA FINE SALOON ON MARKET ST.,
»JiOl»V/. nr. the Baldwin: must be sold at once;
a bargain to the right party; trial given if desired;
no agent need apply. Address E., box 94, this
office.
\A ' ANTED— LADY OR GENTLEMAN WITH
'» $260 ta engage In a well-established business
paying $50 per month to each party: no trifiers.
Address X. B. D., box 106. Call.
<2"QAti fine SALOON ON BEST PART of
•j!t-)y". Market street; full value In stock:
cheap at $600: disagreement of >r. ne,suip cause
of seillug. .Business Exchange, 777 Market st.
<3» ox a BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY and
ts><- jO\J. notion store; 2 living-rooms; good
trade. Apply 1802% Howard st.
MA FEM~ALE, WITH $100, AS PAP.T-
ner, to tend store: neat business: easy work;
$65 a month. Blna, box 9, Call Offi c.
i_j.-w BRANCH BAKERY, CONFECTION-
!S)UU. cry and notions: good location; no liv-
iiig-rooras. Address 119 California aye.
1,-n -SALE ON 'ACCOUNT OF GOING EAST—
. Bakery and notion-store. Apply 1401 Baker
I" I I. L- ES T A i S l l ED CANDY, TOBACCO
'» and stationerj' store, with ice cream and ta-
male parlor attacned; tor sale cheap. Apply 1314
Howard st.
po LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X county. Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
7/I'IST-CLASS PAYING STEAM LAUNDRY
1 for sale; good location: established 20 years; 5
or 10 years' lease of grounM and building as de-
sired. Address J., box 164, this office.
A BA HGA I STATK STORE; GOOD
-'V corner location; cheap rent. Address H. B.
box' 101, Call Office.
pROCERV AND BAR; 8 LIVING ROOMS-
vx good location. Call at 28 Rausch St., bet. Sev-
enth and Eighth, Howard and Folsom.
Vl' ANTFD-RESTAURANT CHEAP FOR
''cash. Address S.. box 2, this office.
£? 1 ."kA EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
'*■!"«■ stand; clears $80 per month: sold on
account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205 Lurkln.
i *OZY SALOON; CENTRAL AND NORTH OF
V- Market. Address Cosy, box 36, Call: no agents.
]?OR SALE - CITY DRUGSTORE; GOOD
■ 1 stocK and location; low price. Address A L.
P., box 62, Call Office. ' " "
I^OR SALE — CIGAR AND STATIONERY
L store: good living rooms in rear: pood opportu-
nity for man and wile. Apply 29 Ninth st.
PARTNER. wanted ON 6-ACRE FRUIT I
L ranch stocked with hogs ana poultry- • Fruit- i
vale. Apply 34 Douohue building.
O ALOON FOR SALE_SBO"bT\VELL STOCK
O good location: good reason for selling: no
agents. Address T., box 60, this office.
\IILK BUSINESS I>F 30 CANS, RETAIL
i'l trade, for sale cheap; must be sold by the 15th
of June. Apply this office. ■
pOR. SALOON WITH LIVING ROOMS-
Tehama? reDt: barg " n - Al ' ply 212 Eighth >, cor"
VpR SALE-FRUIT AND CANDY STAND-"
T inside depot. Cor. California st. Central aye.
• RANCH HAKERY, NOTIONS: SUNNY
" rooms: good corner: low rent. .449 Guerrero.
■■$950 SH >KSIOR_AND GOOD KEP\IK~
t)U ' 'ng shop: cause sickness. 106 Ninth ft.
A«2 SToiK 01-' MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. ML, box 2, Call.
nROCERY AND BAR; WELL STOCKED"-
U ciie "P; mate offer. 3201 Fifteenth. cor/Noe!
POALYARD; BEST BARGAIN IN CITY;
Kj horses, wagons, etc, : houserent free; long
lease; no agents. Apply office.
Flt R || tK:ST . I i TNKI;UNISHKII - T » E -GRAN-
J- He House," Foisora. Cal.,a !i-storv fram» hotel,
ffia n »SSwS" :or -; dining-room, barroom, kitchen
« «^i V Ollllll '" pood repair and fine location;
b splendid opportunity for any person desirous o;
going H into he hotel business: '■ extra Inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom, Cal.
DOARDIN-o-HOUBE; GOOD BARGAIN; ON
XJ account of sckness. Apply Call Office.
lii^ !_ SMAH PARTNER ! WANTED BY
. v* lady of means, ?35 capital 19 Mason St.. rm. 2
"L'-LOUR-SACKS FOR HALE: NICE CLEAN".
a >"".'. .' I<O1 " 1 l " <l " r : alwaj--s plenty on hand. J. 15.
.}-_ Pacific »t., basement.
LOR s..\L E--.-.OJI POHT; SUNNY DTnING
*■ parlors; rent paid in board.
L HIST- CLASS COMMISSION BUSINESS,
• hiindliiiK extensive consignments of produce,
poultry and eggs: good will and fixtures: excellent
location; Investigate to . convince yourself. Ad-
dress E. C. box 87. Call Olllcft
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
: CljO^n CIGAR-STORE: ON SUTTER BT\]
§)_!OU. average dally sales $10:- owner sick
• with rheumatism. WILKKS & '.V- 1 F. 631 Call-
| fornia st. .
I Mftfll , COR. GROCERY AND BAR: 1 BLOCK
■j «!H>U' ' . from Market St., near V. ells-Fargo
. office: doing large trade; death tails owner east.
WILKE * WOLF. 531 < al'fornla st.
\ TTENTION— 2 ACRES CHIC EN RANCH,
'/»■- house, other improvement. West Berkeley,
price $13>.0; cash or exchange for good saloon.
j WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
$~~-Z{\ SALOON. WII II ' LIVING- BOOMS, ,
»)«)U. doing average $20 trade per day; near
• i oceanic Wharf; low rent: lease; a sacrifice.'
j WILKE A WOLF. 531 California a .
A/TEA CORNIER GROCERY AND BAR,
'• »Ip<OU. witu living-rooms, on Larkin st. ; low
I rent • -ood place: kept by owner for years: rare
chance. WILKE <fc WOLF, 631 California at.
ffl'K.rkr_ CORNER BAR: WESTERN ADDI-
tjp DUU. tion; club and living rooi/is; lease;
money-making place. WILKE, 531 California st.
I&M - r'IGAR-STANB ,WITH LARGE PAT>
«m T-OU. roimae on Kearny St.: established
years; rare chance. WI-KE ft WOLF, 531 Cala.
_•( i\(\ CORNER BAR, WITH 8 ELEGANT-'
I 3J>>'UU.]y furnished rooms, all rented; very
best location lease: rent. .*6'>: sacrificed account
sickness. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
C_»7)r l\ PARTNER WANTED IN CHOP-
«3)_,OU. house: excellent paying place: owner
first-class cook. wii.KK ft WO K. 531 California.
RE-TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOB
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex- .
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 33-tl Miinion. ; .
»17C SUITABLE' YOUNG MAN TO TAKE
*Jpx I O. equal interest In stereopticon outfit and
join one of experience now about to start on an
exhibition and lecture tour, taking in Seattle, l el-.
lowstone Park, Salt-Lake, Yosemite, etc. Address .
Stereopticon, box 109, Call Office. -
WANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
with us; will sell it in 3 days or treat: we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 123
Fourth st.
Oil <)f\f\ GROCERY; a ROOMS; HORSE .
Z.\J\J. and wagon. 918 Central aye.. Ala-
meda. - ■ __
C* ROCERY AND BAR: GOOD LOCATION
VJT and business. Apply Call Office. __.
OOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN. 632 Market, room 2. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
ing-house see T. LUBEL9KI, 7 City Hall nve.
©I r(\~~ 16-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; LOW
tJ)I«)U. rent; location Al; best bargain ever
offered; don't fall to see this snap. HICKOK &
CO., 873% Market .st. _^ ,
OUSE OF 18 newly furnished rooms,
in first-class condition; bargain. 41 Eddy st.
1 C-KOOM COR. HOUSE, .Vl.au BALDWIN;
IO must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
O/1-ROOM CORNER "House, £600; WORTH
-.■tfc $2500: must be sold. DEcKEK. 1020 Market.
OCi ROOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL: ONI $1200,
O\J worth $2000. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market.
I 1\ R OMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR-
I U nished; $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
flf 1 fill LODGING -HOUSE, 13 ROOMS.
tJJ}±U<'. nicely furnished. HEGABTY, 1004
Market st. __^
<J_ 1 ?\( \(\ 80-BOO3C HOTEL, NEAR UNION
J «JUU. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count Of death. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
_.Qfl SACRIFICE: 7 ROOM HOUSE: FULL."
«S>OU. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market st.
| <.-)Q WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $600;
— .Q low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 Sixth st. *
FURNITURE FOB SALK.
J.I9A FURNITURE 6 ROOMS. ADDRESS
<Jp-L t)U. Chunge, box 34, this office. .
{ V>;W FURNITURE )F 4-KOOM FLAT; MUST
■ —i be sold at once; cause, departure. Call 328
Eddy SU ■
E"~LEGANT tao wood BEDROOM set AT
JU a sacrifice. 843 Castro.
A T L. J. NEUMANN 1 S. 117 SIXTH, FOX
! j\ lowest price.-, on household goods, new or good
i as new; cash or time: open evenings.
T.-lIRE HALE .• ~~
XV Prices stand till Roods are completely dl>
posed of.
Oak bed sets $I<* 51
Bed lounges 8 O'J
Stoves 7 5J
Carpets, peryard .._. 55
Linoleum, per yard .... 55
Matting, peryard... • 11l
Till our new building Is erected these price* win
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner beventh and Mission su. J.
NOON AN. ;; •
At la CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
~t\J\J stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: foldlng-bßdi,
glfl; bed- ounces. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY Hi 4th.
CARP— IT CLEANING. .
/~1 BEAT KASI'KKN STK.A U < A It PKT^TLEAIfr
\JT Ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bi.h St. B. Grant.
ones CO. CARPET - CLEANING ANO
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
I /CARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD: LAID 3c.
! \J Tel. Jessie 944. BTBATTON, 19 Eighth st.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» f poor norlt send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st- ; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET -EATING WORKS. JoJ
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
Vj tins;. 38 Bth. STEVENS, msr. TeL South 250.
BEAT WESTERN STKAM CARPET-BEAT-
lneworks; latest improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE, office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
PARPETS CLEANED AND ~ RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON <fc CO., 23 Tenth; tsL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & Co.. successor*
I E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., '.HO
'J . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovaiiii!; works. 4. i:-( Stevenson: tal. south 228.
FOB SALKr-MISCKLLAXKOUS.
TEGHORNS, WHITE, BROWN AND BUFF,
$1 each: fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Alame 1.<. ,
K()f) CHICKS; 10c" EACH: HATCHED BT
fJ\J\J Schule's self-regulating hot-water incn-
bator; best In the world. 1213 Valencia st.
OMEBTIC SEWING MACHINE; COST $65;
will sell for $20. 1559 Market st. '
iT? STEREOPTICON, ALMOST NEW,
with slides: cheap. 109 Sixth st.
VRKSU DURHAM COW; BULKS 6 GALLONS •
-T gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
/Complete SET OF block BOOK 8;
\J cheap. ZADIG & CO.. 306 Montgomery st.
1/H)R SALE— GOOD MINING PROPERTIES;
L one almost ready for operation, having devel-
opment work and mill: the other a regular bullion
producer, netting $2000 per month. Address Gold
Mines, box 66. Piacerville. Cal.
ICYCLE BARGAINS— TANDEMS, LADIES 1
If and gents' wheels; don't fail to call and inspect
before biying. F. R. GRANNIS & Co., 609
Market st.
\- KW _ 2ND-HAND " '95" BICYCLES, $25 TO
— I $65. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sis.
/COUNTERS, SHELVINu; SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7th & Kin.
SIX-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st.
LMRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
i: ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal;
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C A.,
box 100. this office.
SECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
Ogines; variousslzes: gunranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call.
BARGAIN'S TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
IIOILERS.KNGINKS.2D-HANDMACHINEUY,
J-) waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpruan, 137 Beat* •
. " UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER. SAsHiS
» ' doors, mantels, eta. for sale. 1166 Mission. i
ONE- SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SI/, a
lire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market «.
I/*IBE AND BURGLAR SAFK, LETTER-
S: press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
TVTEW BANOEB CHEAPER THAN BECOXi>-
-> hand. W. 8. RAY Mia Co.. 12 California
" LOST.
T^KOWNSEALsKIsjAPEATCALEixi^
I' picnic; $5 reward; no questions asked. Re.
turn J. ROSE, Fourteenth st. and Kailroau aye.,
South Sau Francisco. . . • ■ .
I OST OB STOLEN— AY, BLACK
\j Newfoundland dog: old scar on nose; silver-
linked collar. Return 1432 Jackson st.; receive
reward.
PARTY WHO found purse at COR. ful-
X ton and I'illmore Bts. on iltt lust, to avoid trou-
b le, as party is known, return same to Call Office*
reward $20. ■
"I OST— WEDNESDAY, JACKSON, R. POW-
iJ ell »t.. -satchel with purse, spectacles and
bunch of keys; *•_' reward. 9% Le Roy place, off
Sacramento st.
r OS-F^ ENGLISH PUG _ITCH. REWARD
J-J on return to 2639 Pine st.
I OST— DOG, COLLA AND LICENSE
lJ 2326: reward. Return 710 O'Farrell s;.
1 O-si-.MiLK-WA(;<f.N COVER, PLEASE ELK- -
J-J turn 2535 Washington st. and receive reward.
-."I OST— DARK JBHOWN SPANIEL DOG. RE-
JJ turn Eighteenth and Shot well sis., liberal
reward. . ■ . ■
I A DIES' PURSE LOST THIS A. M. CORNER
'' In ton and Fiilmore sts. : $20 reward. 800
Webster st.
L -ox • TERRIER SLUT, WHITE BODY,
J. black head: name Nellie. Return to 3 Lincoln
place; $5 reward. '
] OST— $25 P..!. WARD— LSMALL DOG; TAN
JJ color: black stripe down back: white ring
around neck; white feet and tail. The a! ove re-
ward will be paid by i returning same to W. T. I
CLARK.- Windsor Hotel. Fifth and Market sis.
FOl'Nl>.
I^OUND-WATER-oPANIEL BITCH. APPLY
JL 634 Hermann at.nOTJSES TO LET.
©OH MODERN I ! 1 ir s B 7 ROOMS; BABB-
<j, O. ment; lar. yard: stab'e. 417 Ridley st,
19.;PKECITA AVK; SPLENDID HOUS_;
4— — large rooms; rent $16.
' C BOOMS, PARTLY FURNISHED; RENT 820- (
0 Apply at 454 Tenth st. - '
Hi., 9 KOOMS: 743 HOWARD ST. IN-
XX quir-' on the premises.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina t>t.
H OlOBl A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS '
to rent b,- BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery su
41 f • HYDE-Hi.USE OF 7 ROOMS AND I
ll " bath. Inquire a 418.
LSH—JU MOUSES.
■\TBW HOUSE; NX. CORNER: WESTERN
Xi Aildi Ion; elegantly furnished; '.' lines of cars
passhous--. >nly adults; responsible pixrties. Ad
r- -s F. N., box 67. Call office ■
COTTA<iJKs TO LET,
->>- v. I L LOW jVV_~^Ti r A^nrOFTROO_rS;
I O<J rent $9. Apply 600 Grove st.
COTT A GE; $11: 4 ROOMS AND BASK-
/ ment. rj'.'-.j Rlngold, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
5 -ROOM COTTAGE; RENT $20. 519 MINNA
street.
(DfiA AND UP; FINE, CLEAN < OTTAGES
'_ 1". and flats. SPECK _ CO., 602 Market St.
OUNNY" COTTAGE; 4 ami 5 ROOMS, BATH,
0 basprnent and large ynr.l. Dolores and 15th.
KtICNISHKO FLATS.
V ELY fIT^ISH^eTETTIa "iToF 6*ROOMS
J.l and bath: piano; reasonable. 120 McAllister.
IJUH E FURNISHED FLAT: SUNNY CORN EK~;
X 6 rooms: reasonable: afternoons. 800AWphsler.
FLATS TO LET. ~~~
Ql A 5^ OHIOf? 8T- COB. DUPOKT: 8
<DXv/. rooms. ASUTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
.T^LEtiANT NEW TOP FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND
XJ bath, reduced from $25 to $18, on McAllister
St. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
.' : 1 «JU MCALLISTER- MODERN FLAT OF 6
J-"<- rooms and bath, $27 60. UMISSEN, 14
Montgomery St.
• v 1 w sunny modern four-Room flat;
-■-' 4Tremont aye.. nr. Waller st., Golden Gate
Park.
"1 fif\ WALLER, Mi. MARKET— ELEGANT
J \J\J new upper flat of 7 room) and bath; best
lighted house in tho city.
IV" W BAY -WIN DOW FLAT: 4 ROOMS;
-■■* bath; yard. 3037 Twenty-second St., near
Howard.
pHKAP RENT, 4 AND 5 ROOMS AND BATH-
:• VJ rooms. $13 and $14. 641 Valencia st,
Ql Z. FLAT OF 4 KOOMS AND BATH. 707
QXU.Hyde St.. nr. Post.
E.OAA TURK-UPPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS;
\J4.\J rear.
r.(V^ XhNTH — BAY-WINDOW CORNER
<JV— flat: 5 rooms and bath: rent low.
fI"7A BRYANT, NEAR FIFTH— NICK DWEL-
"_'/ :J: ling; 3 rooms: separate yard; $10.
TTPPER LOWER 1 FLAT OF _JOR ~3 SUNNY
. U rooms: bath, laundry; 36 j-jlgin Park, off Rid-
ley st., above Valencia.
IfiLAT OF 7 SUNNY ROOM-. AND 'BATH.
2658 Mark, t «t., near Castro: rent $18.
OUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH:
)p garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post st.
Q9H LOWER FLAT; 6 _ UOM8; BATH;
K^+-\J. la ge basement: sunny yard. 137 Page.
:. «3j 1 '_> 3 LARGE ROOilS; YARD. 409 THIR-
. -. ■ O' l^ teenth st. above \*KleDci_
1 f*l FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT: 6
• XUa rooms: bath: near City Hall; $18.
""I?LAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
1 £07 .-TEINER. NEAR SLTTEK-LOWKR
I*-" • flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
X SUNNY KOOJIS;BATH: 2219 FIFTEENTH
<J St.: rent $14: water free; cara 1 block.
C* I 1 For it NICE BOOMS: 515" THIK-
-0 1 X .. tcenih St., bet. Guerrero and Market.
ANDSKOOMS: HATH; $11. $i 2, $13; ELEC-
ticlines. 4585 Eighteenth st.
L' UW FI.AT-4077 IT WENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day: ren: $14; water free.
jVITq TWKNTY-IHIKD; 100 n:KT FROM
rt\J I <> Castro cars: lovely suany upper flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; ieni only $16; |
«%ief free.
LKGANT NEW FLATS, SKVKNTH >T.. 1!E-
Xa low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; .?8 to $16.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
—X WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOIsKKKKPLMi KOOMS.
1-i 118 >tre»i.
.01 C ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
"JXO complete for housekeeping; very cheap.
Filth street.
Ol A FIFTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
• > I _ keeping rooms; bath; no children: private;
?10. ,'
Fourth Street.
nO FOURTH— NEWLY PAPERED SUNNY
ulO rooms for housekeeping.
C>e<iry S» eel.
7991 GEARY— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
'I •> — ii housekeeping; reasonable.
Harriet Street.
On HARRIET — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
— C 7 rooms for housekeeping.
Hermann Street.
Or HERMANN", NEAP. VALENCIA— I OR 2
—•' rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
1 1 /19 HOWARD— 2 FRONT SUNNY HOUSE-
j_L J X__ keeping rooms; water: range; $12 50.
Kcarny Street.
5 OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE- |
kef-ping. Kearuy nt., near suiter. - Gas or
water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Lewis Street.
1 f* LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— LARGE
X\J furnished room and kitchen; complete-. $12.
3siiiiiu street.
-O i MINNA-3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOB
I t)i housekeeping; no children.
ji ib» on -ueeu
QQQ MISSION — SUNNY* HOUSEKEEPING
QUO rooms; $10, $8 and $7 respectively; single
front sunny. $5.
New Montgomery Street.
1 f\r NEW MONTGOMERY'— SUNNY FRONT
xUO furnished housekeeping and single rooms; 1
cheap.
Ninth Street.
OA NINTH— FRONT BAY-WINDOW SUITE
_.Vand kitchen. $16: single rooms; gas and water.
Ociavk* Street.
-1 A (%O OCTAVIA ST.. COR. GEARY— FRESH-
' XtiUO ly furnished bay-windows and others; f 7 •
up; kitchens.
Point Lobos Avenue. I
i)-\ 9A PT. LOKOS-3 SUNNY FURNISHED
_£ 1 £v) housekpg rms; bath: $12: no children.
Pelk street.
Q1 O rr>L_-St:NNY. HANDSOMELY FUR- '
■ x O nished alcove, with kitchen, bath, running .
water, pas, etc. : new carpets and furniture, com-
plete for housekeeping;- also sunny- flat, 4 rooms:
reasonable.- ' . ■ 1
in)O THREE NICELY FURNI.-SH- '
1 Dt:O ed large sunny front rooms for house-
keeping:' reasonable.
Powell Street.
Q-1 (\ POWKLL— 3 SUNNY FUKNISHED-RMS. *.
OxU complete for housekeeping: reasonable. '
seventh Street. -
IOP SEVENTH — NICELY FURNISHED '
X<JU housekeeping rooms; single or en suite; <
$7 ud. ~i
rizth Street.
■191 SIXTH-CHEAPEST XX THE CITY: «
1 _ I cozy housekeeping rooms and others.
ToTTs ' x m - 2 NEATLY"" FUKNISHKD .
T_l/ rooms: water; complete for housekeeping; 1
no children; 811.
Mockton Street.
/ill STOCKTON, NEAR PINE— 4 SPLENDID J
'111 unfurnished rooms, with bathroom and r
yard. ' ■" '
/. Iyi STOCKT<iN-2 NICE ROOMS. PARTLY j
UXOa furnished: large yard; water free; $5. ' ( :
I ••!. .: :i, 1 Mreei.
1771_ !1 / MA, NR. SIXTH- 2 FURNISHED •
111 rooms, suitable for roan and wife. &
'lcnth_Mreot. *
m' TENTH— 2 OR 3Er,KGANTnOUBEKPG _
rooms; piano; gas Move; suitable 4 adults, d
. 1 we if Ili reel.
|O| TWELFTH- 2 SUNNY PARTLY FUR- =
lOi nlsbedT housekeeping rooms. -■■■■■
. \an >««« Afiiuue. .
•I f\i)-t VAN : NESS AYE., NEAR GEARY— J
IV. _X Large sunny suite with kitchen and sin- "'
gle room. - . 1
Washington^ Street. _
tfl9 WASHINGTON— UNFURNISH- k
1 O\J*-d ed housekeeping rooms: running water. -z
: Webster. Street. ►-
711 WEBSTER — 2 OR 3 LARGE HAND- ~f
ill some rooms furnished for housekeeping; ■*•
fcM. bath, etc. * U1
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH ST., OFF FOURTH — 2 OR 3
nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
cheap.
KOOMS TO LET.
I tidy Street.
P.Qf\ EDDY — FURNISHED FRONT ROOM, !
<JU\J with grate: single; $1 per week. j
ft O9 EDDY — LARGE PARLORS; PIANO,
V/__ dining-room, kitchen; or would rent sepa-
rately, cheap.
l'.i.hth street.
C HERMAN ArAKT.MK.NT HOUMB, 28 BTH
kJ St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
I.llls Street.
rTHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE
X HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot _ cold water.
DOSKDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
•IV at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
_ fcm-y >ire« -.
91 71 GEARY-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
_i J- 4 a 'jr unfurnished rooms: key at 217.
C"l Q GEARY— SUITE OF PARLORS: OTHER
OX.KJ rooms: light housekeeping if desired.
791 GEARY — NICELY FURNISHED
I ZiX. rooms, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
UolcAeu Oate Avenue.
Cl n GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HANDSOMELY
OLD furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men.
Grove Street.
in: GROVE-NICE LV FURNISHED LARGE
luu large room; rent, $7.
Harrison Street. •
LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH
kitchen. 934 Harrison st.
Hermann Street.
9 C HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
nO rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard. . Street.
"I f\7f\ HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
IUIU hot and cold water, $1 50 week; single $1.
ilonei Street.
907 'ONER -THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
I — ' ' 4 management: elegant sunny suites and
tingle: newly furnished; batn, etc.; SIO to 8311.
ivßjirnv street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
J\ ant sunny rooms, cv. suite and sin<l«; nrs(da_
<-verr respect: terms reiuouabia.
Siarket si reel.
1 AQ9 MARKET — FURNISHED SUNNY
X V/O— rooms to let: $ 1 week and up.
YOSEMITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET - PER
1 night, Ssc to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5: families.
"I 991 MARKET — FURNISHED FRONT
X — t£iX single room; $4: upstairs.
31artha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR, MA-
son— Nice furnished sunny rooms; $7 month.
Mason Street.
990 MASON, COR. O'FARRELL— NICELY
■_■— furnished front bay-window rooms.
HUHw street.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern Improvements: ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 50 a day.
1 n^ MISf3Io:t "~ CHEAPEST ROOMS IN
X\JOO the city; housekeeping and others; week
or month.
>atoma Street,
<)AQ NATOMA. BET. THIRD AND FOURTH-
— — O3 sunny front furnished rooms: $3 month.
Octavia Street.
4-1 O OCTAVIA, NEAR HAVES— 2 NICELY
XJ.U furnished sunny front rooms: reasonable.
Folk Street.
MAPLEHURST, 1217 POLK ST.-UNFUR-
-I'- nished suite; running water: suitable for doc-
tor or dentist; also furnished rooms.
917 POLK— FURNISHED ROOMS; ALSO
—tit unfurnished suite; running water.
1 owe! I Street.
99' POWELL. COR. GEARY— NICELY FUR-
—— O nished sunny front rooms.
Seventh Street.
"J Or? 8_ YE NT II — SUNNY FURNISHED
It)" front single rooms; $1 per week.
Shotwell Street.
901 UNFURNISHED LARGE
—OX bay-window front and back parlors with
small private family.
Stevenson Street.
9- Q STEVENSON — NICE SUNNY FUR-
*■«(/ nished rooms to let; $4 up.
Stockton Street. i' ;■
£"1 O STOCKTON - SMALL FURNISHED
VX»J room: cheap.
Milter Mreet.
AT HALF FORMER RATES— FINELY FUR-
nisbed rooms, $2 50 per week. The Shasta.
320 a Sutler st. .
Taylor Street.
"1 f)Q TAYLOR— PARLORS: OTHER
X\JO rooms: $6 up.
A_~l (\ TAYLOR— 2SINGLE ROOMS AT$7, AND
-j-XU 1 double room at $10: modern.
»n. ill Street.
A- THIRD— NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
■t«J suitable for dressmaker or tailor..
pHFAPF.sr AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ace free,
uoaki>lx« anl» kooms.
71 9 post—^neat^lV"f^r^Ti^Wed~Bunny
I XL rooms; good table board: $20 up.
OI 7 JONES— NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS,
OH single or BUites, with board; summer prices.
7] A GEA..Y - FIRST-CLASS ROOM AND
• iv board; references.
ANTED — SIMMER BOARDERS: HOME
»' cooking: convenient to electric and local steam
cars. 1142 Seventeenth St., East Oakland.
171 POLK (NORMANDIE)-ELE GA NT
X iXO rooms, single ana suites; newly fur-
nished: opens June 1 as a first-class family hotel;
references.
HOTEL BEKTI.ING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
ern convenlpncs.
Cmi.TtKHjN UOAKUIiJD. "~
LADY WANTS CHILDRKN TO^BOARd';
reasonable; good care. Call 18% Freelon st.
WASTED- INFANT OK CHILD TO BOARD
'" good care: reason p. 1413 Sacramento st.
SMOKES TO LET.
HALF OF STORK; 7 KEARNY ST.; NOW
occupied by P. sentmeri: will be vacant July
4. Apply J. a. SCHMIDT, 425 EUls St.
IpOR CIGAR-STAND; 236 TURK ST.;
X* on prominent corner; rent cheap.
A 1 ft FOURTH-SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
_"XU in rear; suitable for any retail business; low
rent. Apply to G. H. UMBsEN _ CO., 14Montg'y.
1 ARGE STORK AND LOFT; USE OF KI_VA-
XJ tor; Mission xt.. bet. Third and Fourth: rent
reasonable. Inqnlre K. I'l-. I Kl'.sqn, 324 Bush st.
offices TO LET.
1 i\i) TAYLOR7Toir^IrK^EHTA*BXISH_Tj
1 V/_, doctor's office; corner; sunny; rent rea-
sononab c.
» )( , O'FAKKELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
— 'VJ electric lights, elevator' and janitor services.
QQQ MARKET, OPP. MASON— LOFTS OF
000 various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises'.
SPBW KEI."T "BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices, $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or ii. H. UMHSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery Rt.
HOUSJiS^.
ANTED — GOOD WORKHORSES WITH
. " heavy wagon and harnesses. PEARSON, 504
Kearny st., third floor.
"I r A SETS NEW AND BKCOND-HAND HAR-
XOXJ ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surrt-ys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st,
UCTION SALES OF HoKSKS, BUGGIES^
wagons, harness. etc.. at Derby stables. 645
Oeary.cor. Leaven worth.ev*rr Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. B. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINs, auctioneer.
c AA bet NEW AND SJ-.COND-HAND HAR-
UUU ness; all kinds; bnggy.wazon, carte, surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 3 6th and Valencia.
A A HOUSES FOX BALK; ALSO WAGONS,
l\J buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horss
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wedne*- 1
Jay. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSES PA ST RED : SEND 1 oil" CIRC "7-
Inr. -Th" Hide P.anc'i. 630 Commercial st.
WAGONS ani* cakkiages.
WAGON AND HARNESS fob
I*l sale cheap. ■ 1418 Alabama st., near Twenty-
ilxth. : =.■■."■■■ ■ " ' !___
Tight DELIVERY wagon, 1 HORSE,
Lj cheap. 1110 Bryant St.
_ T A N DING-TOP LOCTOR'S PHAETON; GOOD
_< as new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market.
"TLTghtl"" ' soiled DRIVING GLOVES:
"5 samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
\JEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
Li dry. milk and grocery wagons: also roc_&w_y
,ud 'I line bujigles. b__ Harris- 1 at.
. - ■ - _ ■ ; - ■'..-■ ." - ■ ■ i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 1896.
PERSONALS. .
AN TE I >-SE VEKA "aNeTgEX-
■ ' tiemen of quod character to try experiments;
if l.sfaciory liberal pay will be given. Send ad-
dress to 1. _. _, box 55, thisoUice.
■pARTINGTON'S . SCHOOL OF, MAGAZINE
x and -Newspaper Illustration; day. and evening
classes: Instructors* J. 11. K. Partlngton. Gertrude
yanmgton. X.'L, Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
A DVICiS FftlfiK; UiVOKCK LAWS A Sl'E-
xx dally; private-, no charge unless successful; all
law suits. clni.ns, coll-ctions wills, deeds, etc.. at-
lendwltxv «.W. v >WB.atty-at-laW, 850 Market
].)AJiOK EXCHANGK. 630 MARKET ST.;
J_v tine, edge put on razor for 25 cent<.
T>ARISIAN 511LLINEKY SCHOOL; A FULL
i- course taught in six weens; competent gradu-
ati\s guaranteed positions. 8 Golden «ate aye.
Parties wanting a 8188 I -CLASS loca-
X tion for sanitarium or hospital for less than
half Its value • an hear of such by addressing S. 11.,
box 99. Call Office, 8. F.
VJ V PA HTN 1 : li (WILLIAM ORCHARD) HAY-
*«■ Ing left the restaurant business at 604 Third
St.- I will no longer be responsible for any debts
contracted by him. JoHN LOPEZ.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
" low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BKITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
VIAL LORY _ SWANSON, CONTRACTOItS
-i-'A and builders; store, bank and oilice fixtures.
411 Taylor st.
GNES-GKT YOUR HAIR DRESSED TO-
nightat G. LED.«,RKK'S, 111 Stockton St.;
don t get him mixed up with the others; he Is
nearest Geary st. : he is undoubtedly the best and
his price is only 25 cents. BESS.
pONS/,JMPTION TREATED BY A NEW
VJ method. DR. AMERICAN, 36y 2 Geary st.;
hours 12 to 2:30.
p. EO. W. PIIELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
»X Sansome St., room 4. ■
UITS to OKDEK ON INSTALLMENTS TO
kJ guaranteed parlies, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company,! 117 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
rpilE ECONOMY" MILLINKRY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 sixth st : children's school hats 6c; dyed,
pressed 25c.; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
IB_UAL AUVAAIiM O.» DIAMOND-, J_\V"-
elry, etc.: lowest rator U4S Market st. ■
SPECIAL— SOL. SHI PPKR* CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. SpreckeU building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measuiement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
rpiIUNKS _ovkx»7sbc 1 a COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks lor us.
1 ( \i\l\ CARD*, $1 50; SHOW CARDS, 15c:
X^'UU tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
u\. Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases : take no other.
A TTHE VKRY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
-t\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
tiI! I.lis, 213-215 Mason St. ;,open evenings.
El_-:CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
XJ. Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and bagenge to and from the ferry.
STROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' H.MR-
. dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
CITY OF PAKIs LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
J Geary, ren.cved from Larkin st. to 119 stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. J A USSAUD.
OUTDOOR STKKEOPriCONSHOW KVB-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busl-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market it.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 30. cor. Jessie.
pLOAK. 1 * CAfiiS AN- tiUlla KKTAILED AC
\J mtrs' cost, Factory. 20 *snsom» »t.. upstairs.
1 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THiS
■tV ;K'vl.Y CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
LAKEIiS. *
DRESSES $?upVwr'app_ i rs 35 cents ife-,
lawn i?l up. 505»,4, Natoma st., above Sixth.
CLAIKVOVANTS.
A— A A
-ft- 50 cts and $I—so cts and I—so cts and »1.
"KNOWLEDGE 13 POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their reading* astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on ail
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels aiid cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen pronerty. Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influences in half the
time required by the best of the older mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums In the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
bide of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also, that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to BP. M. Sundays 2 106 1: M.
Letters containing stamps answer*- '
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERE,
. ;... . 1728 Market st.
MME. LEG El 'IT; PRKSF.NT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tebaroa, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
MICE. STEWART, THE SEVEN MI DADGH-
ter. is a born medium: guarantees you a true
likeness of future husbanl or wife: materializes
before your own eyes, bo no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 50c am! $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful glfu Rooms Haul 4, 917 Market st-
ME" TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, GIVES
ii- infallible love charms toall; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. Hours
9to 8; elevator. ■ -
pROF. C LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
X wonderful power; advice on all affairs; busi-
ness confidential; letters $2: 9to 8; also Sunday.
I JO NOT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. M. L.
1 ' Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium: he gives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go and wnat to do to be successful,
reunites to separated and causes a epeedv mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy st.; hours 9to 9.
THEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PaLM-
J-iist; mental magnetic healiug. 1362 a Market st.
ME. "PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
i-'X ant, card-render, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
MMX MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVKALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MME. RAVENA HEADS LIKK FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
/ 1 VPSY Hi-E-REA~DEK; LADIES. 26cT
VJ gents, 50c; readings dally except Son. 6 7th.
ME. syuiLLK Ti-.LLS FKOM CRADLE TO
th- grave: fee •„ cents. 914 O'Farrell St.
A I ME. AKNDT. B_ST FORTUNE TELLER IV
J.U- the world: 50c and (I, shows you the nlrmreof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
O -TURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
X\j SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
i-riS'-n' and future: prices morterntP. 856 Mission.
SiUKITUAJLISM. ™
MRS. DR. B. REYNOLDS, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium; life readings with full diag-
nosis of mental and physical difficulties given
without asking questions. 8 Mason st., cor. Mar-
ket, room 8.
DDIE SWAIN WILL BE AT 1055 MARKET
st. but a few days longer: ladies only.
DWIN EARLE WILL HOLD A SEANCE AT
J Odd Fellows' Hall Sunday night, June 7.
MME. DX. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post: fee $1; letter $2.
its! J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance rn«-(Hnm: sittings $1. 21 H Stockton st.
____________
ASTKOLOOY.
DR. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets: daily or by mall, $2. 361/j Geary St. . '
31U!»1CA_ INSTBL3IENTS.
PIANOS— DO YOu"wXnt"oNE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CKR CO., 933 .Market st. - .
QTEINWA V' BABY GRAND, EARLY NEW, i
O at a sacrifice. THE V. W. SPENCER CO..
999 Market st.
CHIC KirSING PIANO IN GOODCONDITION,
/ only $30. . 538 Natoma st., third floor.
ALMOST NEW: KOSEWOODTFOR SaLE
<t? * O. on $5. installments. 221 Leaven worth su
/iRE AT OPPORTUNITY; 5 FINE UP-
VJ rights, $125 and $150 each: call early if you
want a bargain. MAUVAIH, 769 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT HA RDM AN UPRIGHT IN
first-class order, must be snld at-ouce; a gen-
uine opportunity to secure a splendid piano at a
fraction of Its value. Koom 21, 809 Market st.
I< EMERSON, ' $200; STERLING. $100;
Blnthper.sloU. Bruenn's Piano House. 22B Post
iJKAUriFUL STEIN WAY UPRIGHT. BAC-
X> riliced; must be sold at once. Koom 10, Flood
Building, Fourth and Market sts.
y> KFORIi BUYING SEE lI A INE BROS.', BUSH
XJ <& - Gerts 5 and Knabe pianos; at - wholesale
ices. A. L. BANCItOFT „ CO.. 324 Post st. ,_^
LOSING V)UT A COMPLETE . LINE OP
VJ small goods at prices less , than goods cost
landed in New York; Just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lt>y; violins, $1 35: maudollin, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for s instruments, ; violin outfits, etc; ■ new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCO IT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building. ..'.,:
<*ii I 9'^ FINE CHICKERING; SCHMITZ, IB
(Jpl^O. McAllister st., next to Hlbernia Bank. 1
SOHMKK. STECK, BTM.NWAV, SI'ATiiAM
O second-hand uprights cheap. 103 McAllister. '
H KKM AN, CLAY _ C 0. ,: bTKIN WAY HiiP-
O resentatives, show ; the largest assortment of 1
pianos and organs In the West: all crades ani
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar- 1
anteed as represented. ■> Kearny. and Sutter. •
A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms '
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st. . (
UICKEKING, KNABE, STKUK.-VOHK, BTER- :
llng pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
;or rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ _ hON. 16 O'Farrell. 1
YliON: MA UZY. 308 POST bT.-SOHM__, ,
Newby * Evans, Brlggs nnd other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD&NEW i
KJ ii. ill LLEH. maker, repairer, '2 Latham place.
KDUCATIONAL.
RX^M^ri\rnXE"^sNTDElir~STljTu^"^
Suiter St.: voial music, piano, elocution; dra ;
niatic elocution; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte,
etc. Vo ul classes Monday. 8 p. m. ; $1 per month.
HARP, PIANO, GUITAR. MANDOLIN'
Binding, French. Mi-s TIFFANY, 1623 8u5n.
VTTKXD si [EHL'SC L I . EG X, 723 MARKET
st. The very bst individual Instruction;
20 iriii 1 lessons in shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
I manship, Typewriting-, etc., $1; books free.
1" >P.IVAT X ACA DEMY OF DANCING: OLABS-
X. es lues, and Irl. .Misses Hi. LDY, 6a Hyde st,
•\rEW~paop6siTiov IN SHORTHAND
-L> writing; common wrl ing requires an average
' of sup or down strokes per sound, and writes 25
words per. minute; therefore, if you write every
sound by one up or down stroke you may write
125 words without abbreviations. • IiECiIT'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25), room 706, Spreckels
building, 927 Market si. .-an Francisco.
BOOKK-KP! Mi BY TAKII: ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant leaching: \,->, time and far more practical
, than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
PROFESSOR (i. MANSFIKLD, TEACHER OF
X violin, Rut ar, mandolin,- banjo. 1707 Marki t.
OSEPH GRKVKN", VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st. _^ •
OOKKPNCS, WKITNO, ARITIIMTC. OItA.M R
day<fcni?ht: nocla»aes:ssmonth. 84 5 Mission
UlTAlt .MANuwLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTII A U.S. 39 Fifth.
PAN IS H. FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bid ,,r. 37.
VJPaNIsTi. FKKNCH, MERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft .School Languages. 122 O'Farrell s:
RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
UKLASCO'S 1-M " X -M SCHOOL OF ACTING—
J-> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, M_-
-0 chauical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; t-stab. b4. VAN DKR NAILLEN, 723:ikt.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, POST ST.*
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modem
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
\ ion 1 aCiiOOli:llKALL">i in S. ( ■ ■l.ia-.k.H-.h
.> Vrwi : t-omrr ">•'•' ■' . ''■■■r '■«■..< 1 ■„..-;. k- :iw rt »■
aiON_Y TO LOAN.
A DVAXCES ON dTa_U)s_^,j''_ WELK^ivETc"
XV Columbia Loan _ Collateral Office, 9 Grant are.
OLOAN RY~"PR IV ATE PARTY; FROM $20
to $5000 on good security. l'.O.bojc 444, Oakland
"I OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
J-imortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
* DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES"
xL jewelry, also oa furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market St.; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 21) or 3D MORTGAGES:
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in De-
bate. McCOLC'AN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
J jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; Interest low; private entrance: private
rooms; di3treet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
Vf ONE \"Iv"l IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTER--
l»l est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
ONKY LOANED ON JEW_LRY AND
other valuables at the ' Security Loan OlHc*
ll(l6MarketsL.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
I IRECT ON YOUR FUKNITUKK OK PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Km. (58, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
OS. K. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
v life insurance policies. 33U Pine st.
oans ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
&T_2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN KS-
tatßK-.lowpst ratf>*:no itHnv.VIKCHY «'2H Mrk".
I'AWMJBOKEKS.
T^lie"^ E A RN^Tf^R^_~9^-_ON_Y
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pfl-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal > cheap.
• MONEY WANTED.
ONEY WANTED IMMEIUATELYOSCITy
ii real estate. Apply nt 17 Hickory aye. /■
DENTISTS.
I"~^lßST^CirA^<S^n^T7sT^ FIRST-CLASS
XJ prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W.C.HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Sutter St., corner Powell.
1 \R. DUCKET 1", 170 a POaT ST., NEAR _U-
XJ cnanan; gal given; crown end bridge worn.
K.L. T. l-RANZ— EXTRACTION PAINL
crown work, Lrldue work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ays.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
J ket, bet. 3>l and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5: fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gassl.
HONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE. 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
<2«7 A SKT FOX TKKTII: WARRANTED A3 ,
«Jp I good as can be made: Oiling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentiBL. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Thi-ater.
1 \R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.."
XJ near Eleventh: no charge {or extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 5Oo; gas given.
vull s>_i of jj-.rTiii, $7; warranted
X five years. DR. V. CA V » LBKY, 24 Sixth st. '
OF TJ-.KTH WITHOUT A LATE. UK 1L
O G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
I \R. GEORGE W. LEKK. TUB GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 0 10 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 vearV
experience. R. L. WALSH. D-D.s., 815:% Geary.
I \R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BKII/ÜB-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
OL.TON DENTAL ASbOCIA'J'ION. MAU>
I ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECK B.
rTj. J. LEEK, 1308 "M ARK E T, cor. ooldkn
Gate aye.— Open evenings:' Sundays till noon.
A LL WORK ""REASONABLE AND WAS" .
-A. ranted. DR. J. W. KKY. 1122 Market su
(r-^> A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THK
■mr-^ WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, tor mailing.
____________
I'HVSICIAXS.
T 3 Esio vTM^Klx^ro :^osl<^Lir^ro~i2ioa
XX Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONS DR. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
________________ _-
LEGAL NOTIV— B.
fN^T^IjT^S^F^IUO^COuTtTr^CITY AND
X County of San Francisco. State of California.
Depart me .t No. 8. JULIA DE A.MJA.NV,
plaintiff, vs. ANTHONY DE ANDANY', defend-
ant. Action brought in the Superior Court,, city
and County of San Francisco, State, of California,
and the complaint filed in said City and County of
san Francisco, in the office of the Clerk of said
Superior Court.
The people of the State of California send greet-
ing to ANTHONY DE ANDAiMY, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear in an action
brought against you by the above named plaintiff,
in the Superior Court, City uud County of San
Francisco, state of California, and to answer the
complaint filed therein within ten days (exclusive
of the day of service) after the service on you of
this summons— lf served within this County; or if
served elsewhere, within tinny days— or judgment
by default will be taken against you, according to
the prayer of Raid complaint. .
I The said action is brought to obtain the decree
Of the above entitled court dissolving the bonds of
matrimony heretofore and now existing between
plaintiff and defendant upon the ground that
defendant lias been and is guilty of willful deser-
tion of plaintiff: and upon the furth> r groun 1 that
defendant has been and is guilty of willful neglect
of plaintiff, all of which will more fully anil at
large appear In the complaint of plaintiff, on file in
the above entitled action, to which Bald complaint
i express reference, in that behalf, Is hereby made,
i and for costs of .suit.
- And you are hereby notified that If yon fall to so
appear and answer said complaint as above re-
quired, said plaintiff will apply 10 the court for
tue relief demanded In sail complaint.
Given under m> hand and seal of . the said
Superior Court, at the 1 ity and County of San
Francisco, State of California, this 2d day of
June in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-six. ■ ■ •
■[Seal.J C. F, CURRY, Clerk.
.By Josi-.j'H RIORDAN, Deputy Cierk. :
WARD OF CONTRACTS— A M EETING
of the Board of New City Hall Commissioners,
held June 3 1896,' the following resolution was
passed to print: >- \ ■
- Resolved, That:' Contract No. 84, work and
materials in the rotunda and tower-dome, - be
awarded the San Francisco Novelty and Plating
Works for $83,311 46. That Contract No. 85,
marble ami lie work In rotunda and tower-dome
he 'awarded the California • Travertine Co.. first
floor, $16,684 ; second tier of gallery, W. H. Mo-
Cormlck, $4156 80; grand stairway. W. H. Mc-
Cormick. $5351 60. *• For plain glass. Contract No.
86, be awarded F. N. Woods _ Co.. $900. That
Contract No. 88, electrical elevator, northeast
wing, be awarded Cahlll & Hall Co. lor $3675, and
that the same pass to print. ■ ■
Ayes— Commission, Taylor, Creswell, Broder-
lck. ■■;- . . J.J. MCCARTHY, Secretary. -
U MTED STATES CIRCUIT COURT, Nl >TH
— ' Judicial . Circuit, , Northern . District ■of Cali-
fornia.'. • ■ " ' . ■ , .-,-■.
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court. --•■•'•: '-" ■<■ ■■:■ , ■■ ■ ' :• ■-..■-.
. Pursuant to section 634 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States It is ..:
. Ordered that a special \ session of the - Circuit
Conn of the • Untied States _ of America :of ■ the
Ninth Judicial ( irctut, in - and for the Northern
District of California, be and hereby is* appointed
to ! • held at the courtroom ' of said , court in the
United states Appraisers I.;'1 .;' building, in the City
and County of San Francisco, in said , district, on
Friiiay, the 12th day of 'June, In the year of our
Lord one- thousand eight .- hundrud : and ninety-six,
at tbe hour of 11 o'clock a. m. .: :  -■
.Witness my hand and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty-sixth day of
May, A. D. 1896. , ■ .
Seal. I Signed] JOSEPH McKENNA. ;.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
■- trict. ;-' . - ->■ --. .:- .' ..-■:-
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
Marshal, Northern District of California, •
And W. J. COSTIGAN Clerk United States
Circuit Court. Northern District of California.
CITY REAL ESTATE. ;_
m_DiNo~_6Ts, r J; >" .""""""■
With the street-work done,
On the line of an electric road.
$350 to $400.
$5 cash and $5 monthly.
B- ETTER GO AND SEE THEM
Best lots in the city at the prices.
v Take the Guerrero-streetcars •
(Mission or Valencia transfer at 14th)
Hide to Chenery and Castro sis.
A GENT ON THE GROUND TO SHOW PROP-
iv erty. ' .
130 lots have been sold in the past 5 months,
1 - and quite a number of houses have been erected.
BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
GREAT BARGAIN— TO CLOSE OUT PART
nership; a well located piece of business prop-
erty on one of the principal business streets of san
Francisco that now pays 5 per cent net 011 $90,-
-000: will sell at $80,000.
• EDWIN K. ALSIP _ CO., room 29, second floor,
Mills building. _____
I'ST BE SOLD IV THE NEXT 10 DAYS. .
$10,000— See this beautiful business corner;
SW. cor. Folscm and 21st sts; 95x90: offer wanted.
$2750— 210 is 25x110 each; N. side of Page, si.,
37 feet from Bhrader; bet. .Shrader and Steiner;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
ARGAIN; SACRIFICE; SO REASON ABLE
-L> offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc.: would exchange.
SUADBLR.NK. 415 Montgomery St.
_"£fin NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; FIVE
<pOvv. rooms: hard finished. Inquire 210 An-
dover aye., bet. Crescent and East aye., Holly Park
Tract.
* FEW "SPECIAL DRIVE V IN HOME AND
.rY investment lots this week. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY, 646 Market St.
TV'OR SALE— LOTS HAVING A FRONTAGE
X of 383 feet on the southeasterly side of Mission
St., from Precita aye. to Serpentine aye., and also
having a frontage of 183 feet'on Precitaave. Also
lot 011 south line of Washington St.: 25 feet 10
Inches east of Dupont; 26x40 leet: with 2-story
bricK building thereon; renting for 483 per mouth;
good tenant.
• Bids will be received for the entire ' property or
for any portion of the same up to June 1, 1896, by
r ALTER HOOK at 18 Post St., San Francisco,
care of JOHN 11. GKADY.
Mission street acceptea and sidewalk In front of
the property laid with bitumen and granite curb.
S~uiistantiaT~modern . HOUSE BUILT
O at from $160 to $275 a room: call and nee
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
JACOB MAN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
0 removed to 11 Montgomery st.
VORSALK.I HEAP— WO 2-STORY HOUSES;
X lot 27;6xtio; 7 rooms: bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes: stone walks. On Waller St., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park.;
|J;i)')/|A. SMALL AMOUNT DOWN, Wll._
a^ltJOyjyj. buy a lovely 7-room cottage located
on B. side of Castro St., near 23d; lot 25x105: fine-
ly decorated .spacious rooms: stairs in front hall 10
attic: porcelain tub; everything modern through-
out; $30 per month; don't fail to call and examine
It. 8. A. BORN, owner and builder. 4075 24 h st.
pHKAP~r~HIUH LEVEL LOTS IN - WEST
\J Berkeley; ear station : near good schools.
$376— Lot 39x135; $60 down. $5 monthly.' -:.'.'?.,
$200— Lot 25x130: $5 down, $5 monthly.
$550— Lot 50x120; sewered; $25 down, $10
monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
JEW STYLE RESIDENCE; PACIFIC HTS-.
< frnshd.;part cash; btl. same rent. 8..b. 62, (.a11.
COUNTRY KKAL ESTATE.
fflj X AA^ AN 'ISLAND OF 15 ACRES IN THK
*ipO\J\J. Russian River; house and barn: all
first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 15 acres in the Santa crux Mountains.
CHA— -KB COLTOX, 906 Market st.
a*f'nfin -foothill home-, 5 ACHES IN
fjp\J\J\J\J. San Mateo County: 25 miles from
San Francisco; hall mile from railroad; modern
house; 9 large rooms, oath, etc. ; fine stable for 4
horses. C. S. MERRILL, room 8, floor 8. Mills
Building. San Francisco.
1 C'(\ ACRES GOVERNMENT LAND; FINE
XUU home; cheap. 20 O'larrell st., room 4.
IpKUIT ORCHARD INVESTMENT; WILL
'net 30 percent: 30 acres peach, apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and dr.,-
Ing; cannery near that will make Jive year's con-
tract for fruit; best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition in the Slate. JOHNT. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
* LAMBDA LAND COMPANY, 67 CIIRONI-
A cle bide., are selling choice fruit lands. 1% hrs
from san Francisco, at $33 per acre; title p riect.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES *6 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre: terms to suit. syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. '
"L^oß HOMES IN LOS G^TOS OR ORCHARDS
X In the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. it. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble <fc Co.
/"IO.NTRA COSTA' COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
VJ send for list. D. J. WEST, -Martinez, Cal. |
Sk.SU FOi; OUB LIST OF ORCHARU HUMJ£B
for sale- WOOSTKK _ WHIT'IDN. San Josh.
T Ittle homes clohk to town : I_>
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small bouse, etc D. 11. TWINU. bonom*
City. Inqnlre 632 Market St.. S. F.
._*KOPEKT_ TO EXCHANGE.
32 CA|_i PIN^B rtESLDKNCB, En'
«Jp UUW. Utah: 7 rooms and modern: fine
barn; li/ 2 acres in fruit: will trade ior Calif rnia
property: other good propositions. _. E. BUNCE,
IUOB Broadway, Oakland.
"1 C ACRES NEaR LOS ANGELES, BEST
XO valley land, to exchange for Oakland, Ala-
meda or Berkeley property. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
«_/"» LARGE CORNER LOT IN SL'TTER
t4PU'>. City; worth $200. DECKER. 1020 Market.
;()A bargains— what do YOU WANT?
O\ iyj 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $1110 t0.......... 30,000
100 business plar.es. all kinds, from $50 to. 4,0!)0
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
H. C. PECK •■-. X, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
(_ OP: A A . EQUITY. EXCHANGE FOR CITY,
•JTOUUU. Oakland or Alameda— 32 acres; »e-
-bastopol: 800 fruit trees; fine berry and vegetable
laod; house, barn, c c, I. SCHAitFF, 18 Post st.
ANTED— TO EXCHANGE LOT IN Man-
. '» mond district for small place in the country;
call at 207 Point Lobos aye. J. J. MILLER.
IOUII ACHES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 _H< > wwier: line for cattlf-rniglng. N..bx.16.Ca1l
MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF : iR^E^LARITIE3 RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement; regular graduate
physician: SO years' successful practice; .MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St., near Larkin.
DR. JOSSKLYN, 'IKE SPKCI ' LIST,
XJ has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
T>SYOHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CUHES
X paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and lung
troubles: no ebarge unless cured. 8 Mason si.,
corner Market, room 11. - •
i ADIES, CONSULT FREE SIKS. dr. Scott,
XJ 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: . diseases of the eyes treated.
pii CARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN- A
X specialty: also "line Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland.
MRS.'TII:. WKCiKNKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; mats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DI-
-l ease see MRS. DR. PUET/. 2541/s Fourth st,
ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
i." all female diseases treated; expert physicians;
terms moderate. OJllce, 235 Keiirny st., room 9.~
A.V.l^. DX. WEGKiVKR, PRIVATE BOMB
■ for all female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dles before and durlnz confinement: nil female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; infallible preventa-
tlves, $1. 419Kddyst. '
AN PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
iiii-ni or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day;
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases -guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
I DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFKRINC4
from irregularities and ■ diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
neTer falls: perfectly harmless : free from any bud
(-fleets; never makes them sick to males :hem
well: travelers helped Immediately ; prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. < JIIW,
DAY IKS, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $3.
SURE CUKK FOR ALL FKMALK DISEASES, 1
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with ( every • comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKK, 226 Turk st.
TIK. HALL. 14 McALLISi STREET, NKAK
2Joce». I;iin>a»cs of women and children.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS- A BOON TO
" ladles troubled with Irregularities: : no danger:
safe and sure; .. $2 50 .xpress C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. O.SGOOI> BKQ.S.. Oakland. Cat.
ATTORNEYS- AT- _ AW.
"^^\^iTF^_E^im'"oTur_ lXwlT^^SpecT'
XV alty; private; "no chare* unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collection?, wills, deeds, etc., at* <
tended 10. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.
Jl-. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
1. R. E. titles and : wills; money : to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate, h ofllces 608 California st.
, J. . NOLEN, ATTOKN_Y-AT-L_W. 719
. Market St.; advice free. '.;._■ ...
m J. MURRAY, ATT* V AND COUNSELOR AT
I . law: advice free. 24 Sixth St.. rooms 14. 15.
w W.DAVIDSON,ATTORNEY-Af-LAW,42O
II . California St.. rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
SEW-NO MACHINES. :
r DS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGED^
±\. rented, repaired; low tat rote* _i>s Fourth aw
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ■ KST ATE. ~~
CjCflfin TO LOAN^ON "GOOD SECURITY
«jPv»V/'J" at 12 percent: money on ■ hand: no
commission. J. H. EDSON, 908 Broadway. Oak-
laud. : -
CtOT^fj READ! READ READ! $30 PER
*i> — • O\f . month and no cash down for a new
modem 8-roora house: bath: lot 30x125. ALDEN
<fc CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
T AM AUTIiOHIZED BY THE BANK TO
X seil the following property:
First— Lot 2ix140, : running through to wide
alley, cottage 6 rooms, almost new; in Al con-
dition: fronting on city park: convenient to elec-
tric cars and local; cost original owner $2500;
price $1400: terms, 9200 to 400 cash; balance,
mortgage. -
j Second— feet front on principal residence
street corner; street macadamized, sewered, cc-
! merit walks; modern cottage 6 rooms: tirst-class
condition: cost original owner $4500: can be
bought for $2500; terms $SUO cash, balance mort-
gage.
Third— loo feet front on Telegraph aye. ; prop-
er.y in this location considered worth $20 to $30
per front foot; th property will be closed out for
Si 2 per front foot; terms, part cash. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
L'o ; ; RENT— SEVERAL HOUSES: $4 TO $10.
X Inquire M P.s. M. P. McCOUKTNEY, cor. For-
tleth sr. an, l Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND rCRJfITUKE FOR SA_E.
(_QC FURNITURE 4 ROOMS. H. SC'UELL-
rT> <>. HAAS'. 40S Elpventh «t . Oakland. ■■■
OAKLAND HOUSES' TO LET.
'L^OR ""RENT— So7)Ni.Y, 7-RboM FLAT;
X no dark or inside rooms: >'losets: stoves all set;
water: dumb-waiter: 956 Union . St., Oakland.
A.H. BRKFP „ C ■.. 46D Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA KIiAL ESTATE.
T»Tantel) 'iM^OFWXS? r A 80- TOOT
»' business lot on Park st. ; has a nice cottage
that will pay 6 per cent in rent: also live roomed
cottage on San A ntonia aye. J. H. YOUNG, 1243
Park st.
ARGAIN— SI3SO; W_AR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150; house of six rooms; $350 caih;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
"M ARCUSE & RE MM EL, CONTRACTORS
ill and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cat., telephone '•!.
$i:20l/— $25 eaih, $20 monthly, 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2450-$25 cash, 22 50 monthly: 53x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100; sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and' bath.
I $3000— No cash: 825 monthly: 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
HOMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of ail ; rare chance 10 secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 6. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. H. DKNKE. real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh st. Alameda.
SNAP— IF YOU WANT" TO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda: I
am sure if you wished to buy It will suit you, as it
Is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open mcit every afternoon. OJEO. B.
M. GRAY. 453 Ninth St.. Oakland.
CIHEAPKST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ag free. .
3M£___X— X li_AL IiSTATiS.
TOS-EPH J. MASON, REaL 'ESTATE AND
') insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
OOD HOMES FOR KENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
SUBURBAN KKAL ESTATE.
LTA PUNTaTtRACt' THE GEM OF T_3
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from O&dand; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots f>O.x!?O') ieet, from $80 to
$-00: small deposit; easy Installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HA Kill 220 Sitn-iom.' St.. San Francisco. Cal.
■r'r.K ■■';■ BK___S__X HOISKS.
I~rU3R RS NT — CHOiC_3T '" LOCA~TIOn" Tn"
'Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.: all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
1/>OR RENT— FI'F.NISHE tTTfqUSE; 5 ROOMS
X 1 and bath: piano; $30. _ « » 1 i Virginia St., near
Shattuck aye.. Berrynnin stntion.
STORAGE. V.
TOrTg^^C^HEAPEsT !>' THtfciTYT^FI R E-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
IPUUNITURE. PIANOS^ TRUNKS; aT>
vances, shipping. CHAr 1 . L. TAYLOR, 2O4 Post.
rp H. ROONEY. 712 MISSION-STOHAGE AT
, X .re-diced rates; basement storage, sl 50 per load
T OWES RATES— FURNITURE^ PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. fierce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
A PPLY FOR RATES FOR STOKING FURNI-
A lure, etc. SHIP.EX _ SHIREK. 747 Market.
TKUSTEKS' SALES.
rnBUSTKBS' SALE.-1N ACCORDANCE WITH
I- the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by MELVINA J.
DAYTON nnd DATUS D. DAYTON (her hus-
band), parlies of the rlrst part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEIS B. KENT, Trns-
• tees, panics of the second part, and the SAN
; FHA.M ISCO SAVINGS I'MON", party of the
; third part, dated December '2ist, 1893 an,l recorded
in the office of the County Recorder of the CotKity
of Tuiare, Mate of California, in liber 10 of Trust
Deeds, at pages 393, and following, and in pursu-
ance of a resolution pa«sed on the 23d clay of
April, 1596, by (he Hoard of Directors of said SAN
KKAXL'.IM'O SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the no:e (No. 12,687), to becure
payment ot which the ;;foresaiil died of trust was
executed, declaring that .iefjiult had been made in
the payment of . lie principal sum and other sums,
due under snl.d note and deed of trust, and roqtiest-
iiiK and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to seil the
real estate described therein 10 satisfy said indebt-
edness.
\Ve. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT. Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 16th day of' June. A. D. 1896. a:
l'J o'clock, noon, of that day. and at the auction
salesroom of Kaston. Eldridge & Co., No. 638
Market street, in the City nnd County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin
of the United State" 1 , all the pieces or parcels of
land situate in the County of Tuiare, State of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit:
According to t he ollicia! plats and system of sur-
veys Of the Government of the United States:
in Tov.nship Twenty (^0) J-outh, RangeTwenty-
four ('24) Easi, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian.
Of Section Twenty-three (23), the northeast
quarter of the northeast quarter(NE '4 Of NE 1/4),
and lots numbers one (1) and two (2), containing
one hnndre I and forty and eighty-nine one-hun-
dredtli3 (140.89) acres of land :
I Exctptintf therefrom, however, a strip of land
one hundred (100) feet wide, lying equally on each,
side of the Southern Pacilic P.ailroad Company's
track constructed on said land, together with the
appurtenances.
TKRMs OF SALE.— Cash in Gold Coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the unaer-
-1 signed on Ihe fall of the hammer; balance ou de-
; livery of deed: and If not so palrf. unless for want
, 01 tiile (ten days being allowed for s l arch), then
i &aid ten per ceiit to be forfeited, and the sole to be
I vo;d. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENKY C. CAMPBELL. ) Tri ,, lpp ,
THADDEUS B. KENT, / *r» 3 - egB -
-rpRUSTEES' SALE-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
i. ih" terms and under she authority of a certain
d^ecl of trust, duly executed by o'lTO BH\N DT,
j party of thf firsl part, to HEN RY C. CAM PR ELL
i and THADMKIS B. KKM, Trustees, purties of
1 the second parr, and the Kan FrftDciMO Savings
: Union, party of the third part, da d February Bth,
. lH9'-;,aud recorded in the office of the County Re-
corcler of the county of Tv are. State of California,
In Liber 10 of 1 rust D?Pd», at page 265. and follow-
ing: and in pursuance ot a resolution passed, on
i the 14th day of May, lf9B, by the Board of Dlrec-
-1 tors of said San Francisco savings Union, a cor-
!>oration, and Jhe holder of (be note (No. 1'2,29'J),
to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
be*n made in the payment of the principal sum
: and other sums, due" under said noie and deed of
1 trust, a d requesting and directing said Hi NRY
C. CAMPBELL aud THADDEUS B. KENT,
I rustees. 10 sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said Indebtedness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. X X.NT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 23d day of June, A. D. 1896, at U
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Kaston, Eldridge & Co., No 6SB Market
'• street, in the City and County of »an Francisco,
of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in co.d coin of the
United Stacs, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
' ua;e in the county of Kings (formerly part of the
county of Tuiare), state of Ca. ifornia, described as
! follows, to wii:
According to the official pats and sy.stem of sur-
| veys of ih- Government of the Uni ed States:
In township mneieen (19) sonth. ran^e twenty-
i one (21) east. Mount Liable base an'i meridian.
1 of section tnirty (30). the northwest qUurttfr
(NW. V±)-
Of section thirty-two (32), the northwest quar-
ter (NW. V*)-
Containing three hundred and twenty (320)
acres of land, more or less.
Together with tie appur'enances.
Terms of sile— Cash In gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to iho undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts Of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAM BELL.I-
THADDEUS B. __NT, / lru »««-
' * V; BICYCIiE S. .
ARK CV'CLER Y—N E W W H E iTIS ~T~6~I~_tT
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
I AUister and Powell st. car lines. f
A WEEK 'B NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THi»
WEEKLY CAUL, in wrapper, for mailing.
aiAUKiAOE LICENSES.
■ The following marriage licensee were issue! by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Peter C. Butler and Amalia Paladlnl, 31—21.
John R. Uansen an<t Julia N. Lacey, 29— IM.
Moses Helneman and Bertha Fisher. 28—22.
John McLean and Lillie M. Marsh. 30— 2 S. I
i>i vo.»tc;._ i*iis»c__ijx.'««>.?.
Divorce granted: ' '
Jennie P. Jackson from Charles G.Jackson, for
cruelty.
' MKUIAUES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
wilt not be Inserted. They must be handed In a:
either or the publication offices and be indorseJ
with the name and residence of persons authorizai
to uave the same published, j *
BOKN.
BELGRANO-In this city, June 4, 1898, to the
wife of F. N. Belgrano, a son.
CANTELOW— In this city, June 1, 1898, to the
wife or Maxwell C. Cantelow, a son.
GOLDSTEIN— June 3, 1896, to the wife of Eugene
H. Goldstein, a son.
GRAVES— In Alameda, May 29, 1896, to the
. wile of W. E. Graves, a son.
KAVANAUOH— In this city. May 9, 1898. to the
wife of Edward James Kavanaugb. a daughter.
SCHAR V— ln this city, May 29, 1896, to tne wife
of Jules Senary, a sun.
SCOTT— In this city. May 31, 1896, to the wife of
Winfleld Scott, a son. • ■
WISEMAN— June 3, 1896, to the wife of J. T.
Wiseman, a daughter. • :
WUELFKKN— In this city, May 29,1896, to the
wife of John Wuelf ken, a son.
MAHlll-U.
BLOCH— SELLING— In this city. June 3,1896,
A. I. Bloch and Emma Selling, both of San
Francisco.
BOEHN— SULLIVAN— In Oakland. June 3, 1896.'
I John A. r.oeim of Honolulu and Mamie Sullivan
of San Francisco,
i HUNT— NAGKL-ln this city. June 3) 1896, by
the Rev. C. A. Buckbee, Edwin Ames Hunt and
Grace A. Nagel. both of San Francisco.
LOGAN-SCHNEIDER— In this city, Jnne 2,
1830. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Robert S. Logan
and Roue Schneider.
MARCHANT-PROUTY— In this city, May 29,
1896. by Justica Frank H. Kerrigan, J. E. Mar-
chant of San Francisco and Alice _. Prouty of
lone, Cat.
MATTHEWS-THOMPSON-In this city, May
27, 1*96, by the Rev. A. M. Rnssell, I* D.
Matthews of San Francisco and Mrs. L. E.
Thompson of Brookline, Mass.
MONSEN— LARSEN— In this city, June 3, 1896,
by the Rev. Carl Hoel. Ole Monsen and Martha
Larsen, both of san Francisco.
PETKRS-EICKHORN-In this city, June 2,
J 1895, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Otto F. Peters
and Anna Eickhorn.
PROPFE-JURS-In this city, June 2, 1898. by
the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Carl Propfe and Matilda
Jura.
STEBBINS-JUDKINS-In this city, May 4,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Filben. Robert L. Steb-
-1 bins of San Francisco an 1 Lois Sybele Judkins
j of Manchester, N. H.
l>i_u.
Bidden, Mrs. Florence Lacua. Frank
Brckley. Peter McLennon. John
Caldon, Maggie Muihearn, Mary E.
■ Conroy, Peter . Roberts. Stephen N.
Doherty, Katie Smith, William
Goldstein, Henry Taylor. Ctiauncey
Halci, Willie H. Warnesi, Alva T.
Hayes, John B. . Wheeler, Henry W.
Joseph, Alfred H. While, Charles
I BIDDEN— In this city, June 1. 1896, Mrs. Flor-
! ence Bidden, a native of Boston, Mass., aged '21
I years.
I BRICKLEY— In this city, June 3, 1896. Peter
Brick ley* a native of Caragh, County Cork, Ire-
; . land, aged 65 yean.
Friends ant acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock a. m.. from the undertak-
ing parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thence took! S . Mary's College Church, where a
solemn ieq ieni mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul. Commencing at 9 o'clock a.m.
Interment Holy cross Cemetery.
I CALDON— In Oakland, June 2. 1896, Maggie,
i dearly beloved wife of John CaMon, and sister of
I diaries Hurley of Concord, Mrs. McCarthy of
j St. Hel n», Mrs. D. Riordan of CalUloga, and
I Nellie and James Hurley of San Francisco, a na-
] tive of tue parish or Ivllbritian, County Cork.
! Ireian aye 138 years. (
j(Tß"Friends and acquaintance* ara reinec?.-
-; fnily invited 10 attend the funeral THIS DAY
I (Friday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
I dence, 78* Chester street. Center-street station,
thence to St. Patrick's Church; wheie a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
I her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. _
I Intorm -nt st. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.'
i CONROY— Id this city, Jane 2, 1893. Peter, be-
loved husband of Bridget Conroy, and father of
Mrs. Joseph P. Robinson, Mrs. James shields,
Hugh. Peter, Magele and the late Julia Conroy,
- a native of the nari<ih of Spiddie, County Galway,
Ireland, aged 66 years.
#jr"Frionds an<l acquaintance* are resDect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his lata
residence, corner Brvaut and Juniper streets,
| thence to St. Joseph's Church, T.-n'.h street,
: where a solemn requiem mans will be cele-
j brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
I 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
! DOHERTY— In this city. June 4, 1895, Katie
| Doher.y, dearly beloved daughter of the late
John and or Margaret Doherty, a native of Mora,
New Mexico, a^ed 20 years 4 months and 4 days.
SS"Friena» and acquaintance ur- reinect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday) at 8 :30 o'clock a. it. from the resi-
dence of her mother, 160 Fifth street, thence to
the Church of the lu.maculaie Conception,
where a solemn requiem mass will beceleorat
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland. .
GOLDSTEIN— In Healdsbnrg, Cal., June 3. 1998.
Henry, beloved husband of Kannr. and father of
Sttul and Joseph Goldstein, a native of Prussia.
drFriends and acquaintances are resoect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
i (Friday), at 10:10 o'clock a. m.. from Tlburon
I ferry, foot of Clay '• street, on the arrival of the
10:10 A. M. boat, thence by 11:45 a. x. train
from Third and Townsend streets to Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, San Mateo County.
HALD— In this city, June 4, 1896. Willie Henry,
beloved son of Captain Henry and Jennie Hald
of Montara Fog-signal Station, a native of Point
Montara, San Mateo County, Cal., aged 1 year 4
months and 14 days.
. SS~Friends and acquaintances are rest>ec'-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at •£ o'clock a. it., from the residence
of bis grandparents, 1214 York street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty- fifth. Interment
' I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HAVES— In Oakland, June 2, 1893, John Beres-
ford Hayes, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years 9
months and 18 days.
I JOSEPH— In this city, June 3, 1806, Alfred H.
! Joseph, a native of Charleston, s. C, aged 5*
yea rs.
LACUA— In this city, May 31,1896, Frank Lacua,
a native of France, aged 49 years.
McLKNNON— In this cltv, June 4. 1898, John
McLennon, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
MULHEARN— In this city, June 3, 1896. Mary
' Em dearly beloved daughter ot Thomas and Ellen
ilulhearn, and sister of William Muihearn. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years. . •,■•'.■■„ .
Bf_-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of her parents. 4 D«>catur street, off Bryant,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to Bt.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing - at« 9 o'clock, a. _ Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Y. _. I.— Young Ladies' Institute, No. 20: Yon are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our late
sister, Mary Mulhearn of 4 Decatur street.
;-■ ■ a-,. MKs. D. J. LUCKY, President.
' M. M f.kley. Secretary.
ROBERTS— In this city, June 4, 1893. Stephen
I N.Roberts, a native of New Hampshire, aged
66 years. .
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital, June
4. r 1896, William Smith, aged 66 years. : •
TAYLOR— In Oakland, June 3, 1896, Channcey,
beloved husband of Sarah ' Benedict Taylor, and
father of Mrs. W. W. - Foote, William ; Hinckley
an' l Henry Benedict Taylor, • a native of West-
port. Conn., aged 74 years and 13 days.
B3~ Friends and , acquaintance* ar°« ■ r«^r>«—-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Friday), at 11 o'clock a. _ at
: his late residence. 7jl Kigbth street, land.
Interment private, Mountain View Cemetery. ;
WARNESS— In Oakland, June 3, 1896, Alva
Thomas, beloved son of Axel C. and Carrie War-
ness, a native of Oakland, aged 3 months and 20
days. •;
:-: «v Friends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully Invited to attend the " funeral services
THIS DAY. (Friday), at 11 o'clock a. m., at
the family residence, 1721 Thirteenth street,
Oakland. • Interment I. O. O. F. -Cemetery, ban
Francisco.
WHEELER— In this city, June 4, 1896." Henry
W.'.Whe;ler, husband of Maryette Wheeler of
Castella, Shasta County, Cal.. a native of Ver-
. Mont, aged 62 years.
WHITE— In .Astoria, Or.,' June 1, 1836, Charles,
beloved husband of : Anne . White, ' and father of
Gus. Katie, Joe, George and Annie White, and
brother-lniawof Kate Kirvin, a native of Ger-
many, aged 38 years 6 months and 8 days. ',-■. •
- *3TFrtenas ' ana ' acquaintance * an rusnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 4 Dehon street, between -sixteenth and
Seventeenth. Interment Laurel Hi Cemetery
MASTERS AND PILOTS of STE_J_ V iSSELS—
Officers and members of California Harbor No.
6. Masters and Pilots of Steam Vessels, ; ar.
hereby requested to attend the funeral of oue
lat^ brother, Charles White. THIS DAY (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late . residence,
4 Dehon street, between ' Sixteenth and Seven-
te nth. Church and Sanchez. 'Br order of *'•
. L. P. HA RVEY. Worthy Captain.
.; 8. G. Nayxob,' Captain's Clerk. •• v .
= McAVOY _ GALLAGHER, I
FUXKRAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMKB3,
20 Fifth St., Opp. l.incoiu School.
Telephone 3080. •
1516
NEW BELT LINE
VIA INGLESIDE.
Latest Project of Market-
Street Railway
Company.
TWENTY-MILE CIRCUIT.
Part of the New Road Will Run
Along the Beach for Two
Miles. .
SURVEY WORK IN PROGRESS.
Park and Ocean Steam Line to Be
Converted Into an Electric
Road.
There is now under consideration by the
Market-street Railway Company a project
which will give San Francisco as fine a
pleasure ride for 10 cents as is offered any
where in the world for the money.
Details are being arranged for a belt line
which shall give a ride from the ferry to
the ocean shore, two miles along the
beach and back to the ferry for two 5-cent
fares.
The route proposed is alone any of the
Market-street lines that transfer to the
Park and Ocean steam road which skirts
the southern boundary of Golden Gate
Park from Stanyan street to the beach,
along the Park and Ocean line to the
beach, two miles southward along the
beach to the Ocean House, thence via
Ocean avenue. Ingleside and the Mission
s-treet line back to the ferry.
This will give a trip of twenty miles.
The work of surveying for the route
along the beach is now in progress, but it
will be some months before the actual
work of constructing the road will begin.
It is said that the rails laid by the
Southern Pacific Company for the spur
which ran into the Midwinter Fair
grounds are to be used for the connecting
link between the point where the Park
and Ocean road strikes the beach and the
Ocean House.
But the first work will be the conversion
of the Park and Ocean road into an elec
tric line. This line is now a losing propo
sition, as the Sutro electric^ road is virtu
ally carrying all the traffic to the ocean.
And in fact the proposed belt line is to be
a counter attraction for summer pleasure
travel to the Sutro road. When work is
once begun the whole project will be
rushed through in short order.
One circumstance that has served to
make the Park and Ocean line unpopular
and unprofitable is the fact that the sand
w ; aves have interfered with the regular
running of trains. So serious has this
trouble become that one track has been
abandoned, as for an entire mile it is
buried under the sand and it has been
iound impossible to keep it clear. All
traffic is now being carried on a single
track.
FOR WOMEN PRISONERS.
A Large Wooden Cell to Be
Built to Ameliorate Their
Condition.
Result of a Visit to the City Prison
by Supervisors Taylor and
D mond.
A visit was made to the City Prison yes
terday morning by Supervisors Taylor and
Dimond and Auditor Broderick. They
were accompanied by Chief Crowley and
received by Captain Robinson.
The object of the visit was to inspect the
ccli, familiarly known as the "bird cage,"
occupied by women. Attention has been
frequently drawn to the lack of proper ac
commodation for female prisoners and the
filthy condition of the cell where they are
all huddled toeether, "drunks," thieves,
vagrants and fallen women. Sometimes
women arrested for grand larceny are
placed by themselves in what is known as
the half cell and sometimes they are
placed in charge of the matron.
The visitors thoroughly inspected the
cell, which they found in the usual filthy
condition, mainly caused by defective
plumbing, which they acknowledged was
not confined to tha' particular ccli, but
was manifest all over the building.
Chief Crowley pointed out a place in the
corridor between the office and the
'"tanks," where two comfortable cells
NEW TO-DAT
m A Bottle on band ja
% A Dose in time A
fKfD Browne
W S/v*^^ is more X
jj^^^k j^jr than a remedy 1
V*i for cramps or colic. JL
fclfer It possesses a re- »
• Br markable tonic power, 2
Hs^S' beneficial to the highest II
wjnW degree. A true stimulant II
Kj that gives permanent benefit In
gr to the system without the H
■ slightest reaction. A correc- If
■ tive of all- stomach troubles; a^
f preventive of cold; a household 1
I remedy that no home should be 9
I without. Be sure and * get the I
I genuine. Red label on every I
I wrapper with this trade mark, a
■, o^^bi&M7i»cs Jm
l^^^k FRED BROWN CO.,^f
Philadelphia. yk
could be constructed, and the women
would be by themselves. "Drunks'" could
be kept in the "bird caee," and women ar
rested for misdemeanors in the new cells
while awaitine trial.
Captain Robinson thought that two big
cells would answer the purpose, but sug
gested that light and ventilation should be
considered in building them.
The Supervisors approved of the loca
tion recommended by the Chief, but ex
plained that there were not sufficient
funds at their disposal to build two cells.
They would recommend that sufficient
money be appropriated to build one large
wooden cell which would have to do for
the present. It would be unnecessary to
build it of stone or cement, as tlie City
Prison would be transferred to the new
municipal buildings as soon as they were
constructed.
An effort will also be made in future to
give the female prisoners awaiting trial
the benefit of an occasional bath.
READ KEEPS THE RANCH.
The Kancho Corte de Madera Suit Is
Dismissed.
Acting under instructions from the At
torney-General, United States District
Attorney Foote, dismissed yesterday the
action against John J. Read, involving
certain properties in Marin County. The
case is one of long standing. It was
alleged by the Government that the tract
of land known as the Rancho de Corte
Madera was illesally held by the present
owner, John J. Read. The main conten
tion was that the patent nad been im
properly obtained.
In the dismissal of the suit the presump
tion is that the Attorney-General has be
come convinced that either the oripinal
suit was without foundation or that suf
ficient evidence could not be procured to
warrant a trial.
A GOSPEL ARMY WEDDING
Comrades Noyes and Barry of
Corps 2 Joined Together
"Forever."
The Work of the Organization in
Assisting the Destitute for the
Month of May.
A Gospel Army wedding took place at
the station of Corps No. 2, 27^ Third
street, last evening. The soldier-couple
were John R. Noyes and Miss Kate Agnes
Barry, two new recruits of the organi
zation.
A 10-cent admission fee was charged at
the door, which had the effect of drawing
a small revenue from the crowd that came
down into the basement assembly-room of
Corps No. 2.
The apartment was tastefully decorated
with the colors of the arjny, which is only
the American flag, proving that the or
ganization, if nothing else, is a home pro
duction. Commander McKinstry. Staff
Captain Edw&rd E. McCordy and Captain
R. Eubanks, in charge of tne corps, with
the choir, occupied the platform. Miss
Grace Sposito, at the piano, led the sing
ing.
After the religious services the wedding
ceremony was performed by Rev. W. P.
Bean of the Gospel Mission, 1137 Market
street. The parson dropped a portion of
the service. However he made up for the
omission by pronouncing them husband
and wife "forever."
Commander McKin?try then explained
the requirements for admission into the
army, which were identical " ith that of
any religious organization. No one was
bound to remain a member, but any per
son in the ranks was free to join any
church they might choose, and a letter
would De given them for that purpose.
Staff Captain Cordy, who is the army
commissary, read his report for the month
of May. He stated that 442 meal-tickets
had been given away, and ISB free meals
had been given to destitute persons. Dur
ing the month 546 lodgings had been given
and twenty-two had been sold at 5 cents
apiece.
The army during this period has taken
care of fourteen destitute families, supply
ing them with food and some of them with
clothing also. The officers had visited
eighteen otner families who were in need
of more or less assistance.
Employment bad been procured for a
number of men and in several instances
their fares had been paid by the organiza
tion that they might seek work in the
country. The month's pain had been
twenty-five converts and $31 had been col
lected.
The commander made an earnest appeal
to the public for old clothing, as many
came to the Gospel Army lifeboat stations
sadly in ceed of wearing apparel. He also
stated that they needed bedding, and if
anybody would "notify him at 27^ Third
street that he or she had old quilts or
blankets to give away those articles would
be sent for.
The services closed with icecream and
cake, which was served by the female
members of the army to those present for
a smail sum.
BIRTHDAY OF LIBERTY,
Preparations of Citizens for a
Patriotic Celebration of the
Fourth.
Pian for the Illumination of the
Leading Streets— The Orphan
Children.
Preparations for the celebration of the
Fourth of July are well under way, and
the indications are that the exercises of
the day will be satisfactory to even the
most patriotic San Franciscans.
At its session yesterday the idea of a
grand illumination of the principal streets
of the City was considered by the decora
tion committee, of which W. H. Davis is
chairman, and W. F. C. Hasson, Mrs. N.
J. Vidaver and Theodore Reichert were
appointed as a committee to wait upon
the Edison Light t'omnany to see what
arrangements could be made in the matter.
Chairman Davis stated that the cost of
these contemplated street illuminations
would be from $<iOOO to $15,000, but he
thought it may be possible to divide the
expense with the Golden Gate Carnival.
It is fcM idea of the committee to make
the electrical display for three nights,
Friday, Saturday and Sunday, upon Mar
ket, Kearny, Third and Mission streets.
It would, in the opinion of the chairman,
be specially pleasing to the people, and if
the merchants along the streets mentioned
would subscribe liberally it could be car
ried out.
The cheap, cotton flags which have been
strung across the streets in past years will
be dispensed with this Fourth and the at
tempt made to give a brighter appearance
to buildings along the line of march.
It is the evident intention of the invita
tion and reception committee to see that
suitable provision is made for the happi
ness en tne Fourth of the five thousand
orphan children in the asylums of San
Francisco. The railroad company will be
solicited to give them free transportation
to and from Golden Gate Park. A com
mittee, of which Paul McDonald is chair
man, has been named to confer with the
Park Commissioners ana to learn what
entertainment they will furnisn free to the
children.
The City has been districted by the
finance committee and solicitors will soon
be appointed to ascertain to what extent
citizens are willing to swell the Fourth of
July funds.
TilJbJ JSAJS 'JfitAJNUJLSUO; CALL, J}\KIJL>A Y, JUNK 5, 18y(>.
CYCLERS MENACED
BY KOLA HABIT,
They Take the Insidious
Pills to Ward Off
Fatigue.
DARK PERIODS FOLLOW.
Growth of an Evil Through the
Excitement and Strain of
Wheeling.
FATAL GRIP ON THE HEART.
Nearly 60,000 Bottles of the Stuff
Sold in San Francisco
Last Year.
"Hundreds of cyclists have become kola
'fiends' during the past year and more are
taking to it evt»ry day," was the startling
statement made by a druggist yesterday
while speaking of the properties of the
drug and of the surprising increase in its
use among the devotees of the wheel.
"The kola pills used by those who have
become addicted to its use are manufac
tured in this country from the seeds of
the kola plant that are imported from Bra
zil and the West Indies.
"The kola seeds originally came from
tropical Africa, but when their medicinal
properties became known they were
planted in the tropical countries of
America. They are about the size of a
chestnut, brown and in their natural state
rather bitter. The main property of the
kola nut is the remarkable manner in
which it wards off fatigue in those who
use it.
"Taken in doses suited to the physical
conditions of the devotee it renders him
at first almost impervious to fatigue, and
the action on the stomach is such thathe
has little or no craving for food, even
thounii be has been many hours without
it. The strength of it as a stimulant may
be judged from the fact that it contains
two or three times as much caffein as
coffee.
"These very properties make iKdangerous
to use unless the person who takes it is
thoroughly acquainted with its strength
and his own physical characteristics.
"The first effect is almost irr; perceptible,
but within twelve hours the action of the
heart is greatly stimulated and the user
feels runcn the same as after indulging in
intoxicating liquor?. This condition lasts
for several hours, sometimes for nearly an
entire day, and then the natural reaction
follows, thouen not so abruptly as In the
case of other stimulants.
"Continued use is where the main dan
ger lies and almost invariably the user
falls a victim to palpitation of the heart
and kindred evils. With cyclists the use
of kola overcomes a habit that is really
! dangerous.
'When starting on long runs it is such
an easy matter to take a pill and avoid the
fatigue of the ride that many never think
of starting without the dose, and not a
few take it every day. Nearly 60,000 bot
tles were sold in this Citydurine last year,
while in San Jose about 28,000 bottles
were disposed of. I have nearly 100 cus
tomers for kola among the wheelmen."
Not a few cases have occurred where the
use of kola has been attended with disas
trous results. During the last Olympic
cyclers' road race two or three members
fortified themselves before the start with
strong doses of the drug and in one in
stance the rider fell in a dead faint from
the excessive action of the heart on reach
ing the finish.
BETTER IN NEW MEXICO
Millionaire A. A. Grant on the
Big Wool and Cattle
Market.
Ts a Newspaper Owner and Interested
in Large Enterprises — Signs of
Prosperity Seen.
A. A. Grant of Grant Bros., the wealthy
railroad contractors of Albuquerque, who
have a contract on the Valley Railroad,
and another on the Southern Pacific on
the coast, returned here from New York
via New Mexico yesterday. He is at the
Palace.
Mr. Grant is the owner of the Albuquer
que Daily Democrat and of the water, gas
and electric-light systems in Albuquerque.
He is also largely interested in other enter
prises. He is not only quoted as a mil
lionaire, but is said to be probably the
wealthiest man in the Territory.
"A great many cattle are now being
shipped out of New Mexico," said Mr.
Grant. "The trains are loaded. It has
been a very good year for maturing beef,
as grass has been pretty good.
''The price of cattle is not as high as the
" growers have desired, still a great deal of
money is corainu into New Mexico from
the sales that have been made. The coun
try is looking better.
"The wool crop is big, but if we had such
a tariff on it as is due, we would be helped
materially. New Mexico raises a great
deal of wool, and it is of very fine quality,
take it over the Territory.
"As soon as we can get a good Republi
can nominated at St. Louis we will see
things take a jump forward. I think it is
going to help California more than almost
any other State. This State is in shape for
it. Times are really pretty good here,
everything considered. The fruit crop has
been hurt some, but there is a lot of fruit
yet over California, and plenty of money
will accrue from it. Then the other things
to be depended upon in California put the
State in fine shape.
"I have just came from New York and
it is dull tiiere. It is the dullest it has
been for four years. It will remain so
probably till a man can be nominated for
the Presidency who will inspire confi
dence.' 1
Mr. Grant, though a Republican, owns
the Democratic daily at Albuquerque be
fore alluded to.
"I took hold of it," he said, "because I
thought it would Help the town. It gives
employment to a good many people. I
had so many interests there that I con
cluded to take the paper, which had b"fore
been run in a way that did it no credit,
or the city either. lam not a newspaper
man and 1 take no active part of course in
running the paper. I have other things
to do.
"Albuquerque is getting on a pretty solid
basis. T..e Territory is in good shape. I
think we are in a fair way to make a great
deal of money."
Smlth In Sad.
Judgment was given against the plaintiff m
the suit of W. D. Smith against Jane W. Har
vey and the Savings and Loan Society in Judge
Sanderson's court yesterday. la 1861 Alex
ander Smith deposited $2000 In the Savings
Society which W. D. Smith claims belonged to
him and was deposited for him by his brother.
The interest ana principal now amounts to
over $18,000, which money will go to Alexan
der Smith's heirs.
■ * ♦ — ♦ — ■»
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
Joseph W. Farrington'a Fight Knded
in the Putrero f>and Cases.
The Society of California Pioneers buried
Joseph W. Farrington from its hall yester
day afternoon, in the Masonic Cemetery.
The services were conducted both in
town and at the cemetery by the society's
marshal, John F. Pinkham."
The deceased arrived here early in 1849,
and, with a few others, pre-empted lands
in that section now known as the Potrero.
Aside from a sole interest in IGO acres he
was interested with others, and, providing
he could make his title clear, his wealth
would have amounted into the millions.
Unfortunately for him and his partners,
also those people deriving titles from him,
claimants sprang up from all «ides holding
titles under Mexican or Spanish grants
antedating, so it was claimed, any other
grant.
The settling of ownership has been in
the courts for over forty years. A decision
in favor of the deceaspd would have made
him and his wealthy beyond all desire.
As ways are, however", he died a compara
tively poor man.
He was no longer a member of the So
ciety of California Pioneers, having se
ceded some years ago, but it was his
desire, as an ex-meniber, to be buried un
der its auspices, and his old friends and
acquaintances flocked about his bier to
pay him their last tribute.
The deceased leaves a brother, E. D.
Farrington, who is at the head of the
stock department in the Custom-house,
and also numerous little grand-nephews
and nieces.
AN AUTHORESS WEDDED.
Nuptials of Miss May Davis and
• Norton Lindley Last
Wednesday.
An Oakland Reception in Honor of an
Engaged Couple — The Ebbets
Luncheon.
There was a pretty wedding at Simpson
Memorial Church Wednesday afternoon,
the contracting parties being Miss May
Blossom Davis and Morton Lindley. The
church was crowded with a select assem
blage, which testified to tne high esteem
in which the young couple is held.
Both bride and groom are natives of Cal
ifornia and the descendants of pioneers.
Miss Davis is the second daughter of the
late Oliver Davis and of Mrs. M. B. Davis.
Mr. Lindley is the second son of T. J.
Lindley, a wholesale merchant of Sacra
mento. Miss Davis has been a contributor
to the press and magazines, and has writ
ten a novel, which was published simul
taneously here and in Boston. The bride
is also a sweet singer, having sung in sev
eral church choirs in this City. Mr. Lind
ley was educated in the State University
and at the Harvard Law School. He has
been for several years engaged in mining
operations in Southern Oregon.
The Rev. Mr. Stevens, pastor of the
Simpson Memorial Church, performed the
wedding ceremony.
The engagement of Miss Clara E. Burk
of Cheyenne, Wyo., to Lieutenant Dunn,
formerly of the United States revenue cut
ter Bear, was celebrated last Wednesday
evening at the home of Miss Burk's aunt,
Mr. and Mrs- Morton Lindley (nee May Blossom Davis).
Mrs. Georgia Lane, on Webster street,
Oakland. The house was decorated with
smilax and roses for the occasion. Tiie
guests, en joyed dancing until il o'clock,
when an elaborate supper was served, and
at which Mr. Burk made an appropriate
speech touching on the occasion of his
daughter's engagement, which was re
sponded to by Mr. Dunn.
Among those present were: Dr. and
Mrs. Davis, Mrs. J. Jones. Miss L. Jones,
Miss Sadie Lewis, Mrs. L. Johnson, Miss
Minnie Pollick, Miss Sadie Green, Miss
Loretta Chamberlain, Miss Jenny Dar
ling, Mr. and Mrs. Beck, H. J.Thomas, J.
Spotts, L. Roichilds, J. McNab, A. Jul
lich and H. Gest.
Mi-s Kliz.ibeth C. Ebbets gave a unique
hearts luncheon and card party at her
home, corner of Jones and Washington
streets, last Wednesday, in honor of Mrs.
W. W. Burton of Santa Barbara, who is
now on a visit to friends in this City. The
most dainty ingenuity was manifest in the
effort to have everything artistically sug
gestive of the occasion. The table decora
tions, the luncheon-cards, the ices, the
dishes, the little game-markers — all were
heart-shaped. There were twenty-eight
young ladies present.
GOING ABROAD.
Uepartnre of General Dlmond for a
Four Months' Trip to Europe.
Major-General W. H. Dimond, division
commander of the National Guard of Cali
fornia, and ex-president of the Chamber of
Commerce of San Franoisco, left the City
last evening accompanied by his son,
HarTy Dimond) on a four months' trip to
Europe.
As a business man, General Dimond has
been an active worker for thirty years, and
about six months ago his health began to
give way under the constant strain of mer
cantile duty. He is much stronger now
than he was two months since, but in
order to effect com plete restoration of his
health, his physician advised the European
trip, involving cnanges of scenery and the
excitement of travel abroad. The general
and his son will sail from New York on
the 13th inst.
At the Bohemian Club night before last,
quite a "send off" was given to Harry
Dimond, whose delight at the prospect of
visiting London and Paris at the "Gover
nor's" expsnse is somewhat modified by
the reflection that he will lose the joys of
the midsummer high jinks in August
next.
In the absence of Major-General Dimond,
the duty of commanding the National
Guard of the State will devolve upon
General Muller, who is the working briga
dier.
The Kggcrg Estate.
The executors of the estate of George H.
Eggers have tiled his will for probate. ' Eggers
died on May 'Z'l. leaving a large estate Oi un
known value. Ho bequeathed one-half to his
widow, Sophie Eggers. and the balance to be
equally divided among his four children, ex
cept that Ida Myer is to receive $10,000 lesa
than the other three, she having already re
ceived that amouaW
THE TREASURE IN
CALVARY CEMETERY
Story of John Reynolds,
Formerly the Super
intendent
MAY BE STOLEN GOLD.
A Mexican Sentenced for Life
Revealed the Burial
Place.
HIS DIAGRAM IMPERFECT.
Captain of the Guards Spent Much
Time In Futile Search for the
Yellow Metal.
The most authentic story that has yet
been given in regard to the burial of a
large sum of money in Calvary Cemetery
is now given by John Reynolds, who lives
on Fourteenth avenue, near J street.
Reynolds is a man well alone in years,
and when first approached on the subject
was unable to bring the matter clearly to
mind, but after considering it for some
time gave his tale substantially as follows:
"It was in 1869, I think, that I was super
intendent of Calvary Cemetery. Things
have changed since those times and a
man would not know the location now. If
I hadn't seen the gradual change myself I
should think that I had been in a long
Rip Van W>nkle slumber.
"Now, I heard this tale of gold buried
in the cemetery then. It was oftentimes
mentioned and many men used to broach
the subject to me at odd intervals, and
suggest that in my capacity of superin
tendent I had an excellent chance to search
for the treasure and verify the truth or
falsity of the rumor.
"The story as given now is very inaccu
rate. In the first place it was not an old
pioneer of great wealth that was reputed
to have ditd and left the treasure buried
there. It was another sort of man alto
gether.
"A certain Mexican had burglarized a
residence and got a large sum of money.
Fearful of arrest, he buried it in the cem
etery between the tollgate and an old
Catholic chapel that used to stand in the
cemetery, but was removed about the time
1 t«ok charge of the place.
"Later he was detected in some crime,
and had hh trial, the result being a life
sentence. Whether it was on account of
this burglary or some other crime, I am
unable to remember.
"his case was hopeless and he realized
it. After several ineffectual attempts to
obtain a pardon, he became resigned to
his fate. Among the officials of San
Quentin was one man — the captain of the
guards — for whom he conceived a strong
liking. I guess it was because this man
treated him better than the rest.
"Well, the result was that in time he
told this captain of the guards that he had
stolen a large sum of money and had
buried it in Calvary Cemetery between
the tolleate and the old Catholic chapel.
At the same time he drew a rude diagram,
outlining the location as well as he could.
"When this captain's time of service ex
pired he came over here, bringing the dia
gram, and attempted to find the buried
treasure.
"This circumstance 1 remember well.
Some persons I know had a look at the
diagram, but I didn't get to see it.
"The guard's search, however, wa« fu
tile, and he was at last obliged to desist
from the search. You see, the placj had
changed somewhat, graves had been dug
and walls built, and he could make noth
iner out from the diagram.
"From that day to this 1 have heard so
little of the affair that I had almost for
gotten it. But when my attention was
brought to it i find that the details are
still clear in my mind.
"If the money is buried there I do not
think it is in the direction of Mike
O'Brien's house nor outside the fence.
"Do I believe that the two men who are
reported to have been seen delving there
and then going away with a heavy weight
ed sack had the money?
"No, sir; I think that talo a canard. If
these two men knew the money was there
all the time, why did they wait until the
wall was excavated to hunt for it? And
again, in all these years a sack would have
rotted in the damp earth. Of course, they
may have brought the sack, but I deem
this very unlikely."
SMASHED THREE TARGETS.
Big Rifled Cannon on Alzntraz Aimed
With Remarkable Accuracy.
Remarkable accuracy of aim was demon
strated at Alcatraz Island yesterday dur
ing the target practice with the big 8-inch
ritied cannon.
The firing was done by Battery E, in
command of Captain Vogdes. Lieutenant
Treat verified the sighting, and the guns
were handled by Sergeants fSmitn. and
Scanlon.
The target, scarcely larger than a man's
coat, was in the shape of an equilateral
triangle, with sides three feet long. At a
distance of 2700 yards it appeared to the
unaided eye a mere speck, and yet the
first shot fired struck it squarely in the
center and shattered it beyond all future
usefulness.
A new target was placed in position. A
second shot was fired and a second time a
mighty missile struck squarely and com
pletely destroyed the object at which it
was aimed.
Eight more shots were fired, all of^which
showed unusnal skill in marksmanship.
At last the target was placed at a distance
ol 1700 yards and the final shell made
further firing unnecessary.
The practice througnout by both Bat
tery X and Battery X indicated a marked
improvement over the work of previous
years in accuracy of aim and in the
method of handling the big guns.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
X CROWDS Are not .o- FRIDAY AND X
A gether pleasant, but they mean SATURDAY* A
jK something. Such crowds as gK
V have been here all the week i^^^^rS <ot^N A
O could not be drawn together If f^£j>/ / fL
{% they had not found before that ' |TuV Q-K * \^V V
£} our special Sales mean some- •IAV/ i ) X^^^W
A thing. Two days more of V\i Q^rf^^^x) O
\ special selling in .*/f. : , \j^/j{P^£YijlM ■ /£
V SILKS, f^^f X
II WASH DPF<s<s LITTLE &J^jJ m
II GOODS CENTS Y\ if
II — — MAKE V '"^
1 SHIRT WAISTS. DOLLARS **<& g
; : — s3©>--\&=Zr ■ — ; ; SS
I FRIDAY SPECIALS! . I
11 TORCHON FANCY TRAY f$
II LACE. VEILING. CLOTHS. ||
II Superior Quality. j 14 inches. 16x26 inches. 11
<•<?) 3to 4 inches wide, as- Plain and dotted. White fancy hem- <t®
ft® sorted patterns, value , blacK and white and stitched, value 20c (• V
(•/ft " SVhr and 10c yard. colors, worth 2Sc yard. each (•<<•)
(jjg SPECIAL— , SPECIAL- SPECIAL- (•}<•)
111 5c Yard. | i 10c Yard. [ 15c Each. | g
M MAYER_STOCK. WASH GOODS. g
i l6s^S^d^^K^ W^n T a :^^ o^ nc l!
j £*$ pretty designs, stripes and £>QC ",? , var^ ty of c , olor , s - - 8 9° JSJJ?
1 <s*S> mixtures, regular $1 wrap- by Inches wide, regular 1-Ji 2 c V ftV^
j I'® per, sizes 32 to 44. Ourprice Each quality, fcpecial price Yard <?>|)
£)<•) 97 LADIES' WAISTS, black - " •»)
(•X5) silk, shirt waist sleeves, with© Q. OO DKESS GIXGHAMS, manufac- §>•)
(•■<•) cuffs, regular 1896 $4 waist. tJ)O turer's remnants, 2 to 12 re ®®
j(ii(«) Ourprice Each | yards long, regular 10c glng- O (»(•)
1 (•;(•) ■„' • . ham. Special price Yard Sam
I §,(» 37 LADIES MATTELASSE fi 5
(jOs JACKETS, some trimmed (-.A
X« with fur. ail silk lined: (has. fl>Q. so . —^— . SJ?
xx Mayer's prices from 915 to«3PO— , )5%^
*» $25. Ourprice Each CII \S"C ■ >&<
xx »_71I_«I\.O« ®¥
®® ELEOAXT WIDE WALES • »'®
«® SKIRTS, the last lot. only 27 „ _, „. m. „„ TTV ®5>
(S® left, 5 yards wide and bound °™nnnn **U o. in *ATIN ($2)
*« with velvet, lined all through (ft 00 DTJCHhSS, 24-inch, sruaran- ..
®® with percaline: Mayer's price s)o_. teed a I pure silk and be-.t QJTC
$| $8 50. Our price... ......... Each dye. or the balance of Ihla OO g£2
JS3) a»su. ourprice..... Ea.h week. special price Yard $*§
(syJ\ 47 LADIES' JACKETS, In tan ' /JvS
I >*y£C cloth, two large pearl buttons, ...
ifaS. trimmed with small pearl BLACK, SATIN DA MASSE, in Js^
V;.<: buttons down the front, a#C,OO large designs, extra heavy, .50 ><><
I «SJ little beauty: Mayer's price<3pi.) 22-inch, elegant tor ladies «JpJ- *£*£
«^ 19. Uur price E»ch skirts. Price Yard, «Xg>
I SPECIAL SELLING of SHIRTWAISTS 1
s§« LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS, LADIES' SOFT - FIXr.SHED $<£>
ii fine quality, laundered collar ' PERCALE ffAlsTs, laun- \J; l 9
JT and cuffs, yoke back, full dered collar and cuffs, full
#% front, large full sleeves, all FvQ c back and front, extra bis gK
new styles and patterns, OX) sleeves, new patterns and ©"I .00
£\ were 75c. Special price Each new colorings, were $125tJp-L m^
\ff and $160 each Special price .Each \ff
I HALE BROS., I
A INCORPORATED, X
X 937=945 Market St. A
Tiffcj (\j\j\j\j\y ■- • • • •■• •■" =■-■-•-■-■ -■'=•■- -^-m-.m-m v^w%>%_rf^-A-«'^lr
COGSWELL CAN'T RECOUP
Supreme Court Decides That His
Deed to the School Is
Binding.
The Wife of the Defendant Knew
the Legal Standing of the
Document.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Dr. Cogswell has no right to revoke
the original deed by which he endowed
the Cogswell Polytechnic School.
The text of the decision is as follows:
It may be said at once that the trust creates
and is intended to create a perpetuity. It
may be further said tnat the beneficiaries
under it are not limited to the poor. But is it
for the.«e reasons any less an eleemosynary
trust? It is quite true that the word eleemosy
nary comes to us from the Gruek word ciean
ing'alms; but while it is always interesting to
note the origin and first meaning of words,
tins information is frequently more curious
than valuable, while to insist that the original
meaning shall govern the word in its modern
use and acceptation is very rarely permissible.
It is in this way interesting to note that the
word sycophant comes from Greek words
meaning "fig informer," but it would scarcely
be contended to-dny that a man could not be
properly called a sycophant unleßS he dealt in
"hi short, words by use are sometimes de
graded, sometimes ennobled, sometimes nar
rowed in meuniiiL.', somiMimes broadened.
'■Eleemosynary" hns come, in the law, to be
interchangeable iv meaaing with the word
"charitable. '' A charitable trust, or a charity,
is in law a donation for promoting the welfare
of mankind fit large or a community or «f some
class forming a part of it, indefinite as to num
bers and individuals. It may, but it need uot,
confer a gratuitous benefit upon the poor. It
may, but it need not, look to the care of the
sick and the insane. It may, but it need not,
seek to spread religion or piety. Schools and
libraries equally with asylums, hospitals and
religious institutions are included within its
scope.
It is impossible to enumerate specifically all
purposes for which an eleemosynary trust
may be created. The difficulty is inherent in
thesubject matter itself.
With ihe progress of civilization new needs
are developed, new vices spring up, new forms
of activity manifest themselves, any or all of
which for their advancement or suppression
may become the proper object of an elee
mosynary trust.
The objects nnd purposes of the present trust
are purely charitable. The mode ol effectuat
ing the charity by the erection and mainte
nance of a polytechnic college is clearly set
forth. The salaries of the professors, teachers
and instructors are to be paid out of the trust
funds. Tuition is to be absolutely free, so long
as the resources of the trust will permit.
The evidence shows that Mrs. Cogswell un
derstood the legal meaning of the trust deed.
The judgment in the validity of the trust is
affirmed.
Ex-Mayor Ellert brought the suit aeainst
Cogswell, he having heard that a collusive
suit had been commenced by Dr. Cogswell
and his wife, by which they intended to
destroy the trust they had created.
Ingleside Counting.
There will be a twenty-four-dog stake at
Ingleside Coursing Park on Sunday next, the
drawing for which took place last evening,
as follows : ■ ,
J. ! Dowling's Brier Hill vs. J. Bradshaw's
May Belle, M. Traynor's Kate Cregan vs. J. R.
Dickson's Camilla, J. F. Grace's Rollalong vs.
J. McDonald's Rapid, Cronin& McDonald's
Rosa B vs. M. Tray nor's" Whip, J. Bradshaw's
Lass o' Gowrie vs. Dillon & Rielly's Queen B,
J, Byrne's Seminole vs. W. Daltoh's Napoleon
Jack, J. H. Rosseter's Kitty Scott vs. .T. Me-
Cormack's Parnell, Cronin & McDonald's Re
liance vs. J. Bradshaw's Ironclad, J. Brad
shaw's Famous vs. M. Traynor's Flashlight,
T. Gibson's Corte Madera vs. F. Brown's Kill
more, J. H. Rosseter's San Victor vs. J. F.
Grace's Deceiver, J. H. Rosseter's Alameda vs.
T. C. Mack's Ingleside. \
* — * — •-
Venice is built on eighty islands, great
and small, connected by 400 bridges. There
is not a carriage in the city, though foot
ways are abundant, and it is possible to go
from one end of the city to the other on
foot, thongh sometimes long detours must
i necessarily be made.
BELLIGERENT BANKERS,
Governor Budd Wishes Them to
Make Statements Early
in March.
They Say His Request Is Unreason
able and Made for Political
Capital.
The City bankers do not seem to com
prehend very clearly the purpose of Gov
ernor Budd in requesting, through the
Board of Bank Commissioners, statements
from all the banks in the to be filed
on the first Monday in March.
At a meeting yesterday morning of the
I Pan Francisco Clearing-house Association
| the matter was informally discussed by
the bankers in attendance. There were
■ not any objections expressed to a compli
! ance with the request of the Governor,
; although nobody could see the necessity
: for any statements from the local banks.
j Action, however, was deferred until next
j week, when the association will meet
again and further consider the business.
"The San Francisco banks," said J. D.
McKee, the secretary of the association,
I "have already been thoroughly examined
| by the expert of the Assessor and I cannot
see why the Governor should call for state
ments from us in March, u:iless he thinks
by so doing to make a little political cap
ital."
NEW TO-DAT.
l/intine
CURES NERVOUSNESS,
PURIFIES THE BLOOD,
RESTORES LOST VITALITY.
NOT A PATENT MEDICINE, but the
prescription of a well-known physician,
used for many years in private practice.
MANUFACTURED BY
THE Vim\E COMPACT-.
Of New York, London and Melbourne.
BROOKS' • PHARMACY, 11!) Powell St.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
To be had at druggists Price, one dollar.
<K7£ F cr4 ROOMS
%0 m %J CONSISTING OF
FUHNITTJRH
PARLOR.BEDROOM, .DININC-ROGNI, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS. T
Tapestry Brussels, per yard ..;... 50 Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard 25 Cents
Matting, per yard 10 Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces .....".*...... 525 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed. with Mirror ..6£5 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
" open evenings:. ••
Fonr-Tloom C»t»tognes Mailed Free. ,
£7* Free Packiuc and Deliver j across the Bar.
«^l? tiOnSlAnnouncen^ ntB - Ca «' r ls,eS; KncTAToi