VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 78.
SALISBURY TO
RETIRE SOON.
England's Prime Minister
Said to Be Failing
Rapidly.
EXCUSES MADE FOR HIM.
Chamberlain Poses as Having
Severely Dealt With Cecil
Rhodes.
DIPLOMACY IN THE TRANSVAAL
Krueger Will Be Induced to Make All
the Concessions Demanded by
the Uitlanders.
[Copyright, 1896, by the N«w York Times.]
LONDON, Kno., Feb. 15.— A week of
Parliament has not done much to illumine
the perplexed British mind or to tranquil
lize the British nerves. Undoubtedly its
t Hicf effect has been to rub into public
consciousness new doubts and reservations
about Lord Salisbury's fitness for his
place. Every debate which has arisen has
atitoniaticallv iiung around like the needle
in a compass to point out some new fool
ishness or wanton contradiction in his
ppceches, and Balfour had to pet up 50
many times to defend or explain away his
uncle's indiscretions and banalities of ut
terance that latterly when he arose the.
wnole house tittered ana even the
nephew's loyalty could not prevent his
showing that he saw the joke and pri
vately was rather tempted to laugh him-
Felf. The perception of this curious situa
tion may be the sole source o! the rumor
which 1 have neard hinted at from several
end different quarters of the House of
Commons last night, namely, that Lord
bury 's health is very queer and his
disappearance from the public scene will
not be long deferred.
It trust be several years ago that I re
ported information coming to me from a
perfect source to the effect that Salisbury
had been warned by physicians that he
was definitely in the grin of Bright's dis
ease; but that is a malady which often
gives to its victims a very long rope, and
nothing now recalls it to mind except the
1 leral feeling among politicians that ex
w pt on the theory that he is going to pieces
is recent perform a aces are unaccountable.
Nobody, however, suggests that there is }
anything the matter with Chamberlain.
His triumphs at "Westminster have been
quite of a piece with the popular success
which he won before the session began.
It is true that a close observer may dis
cover that a bulk of the Tory members sit
sourly silent when he is cheered and eye
him with moody dislike, but they do not
dare to do more, and he Haunts his orchid
boutonniere and smart, glib, cocksure de
portment in their bulky faces with evident
enjoyment. According to his story, he
has figuratively mopped the earth with
Cecil Rhodes. He grew almost pathetic in
his picture of that once great mairs re
duced dimensions. One would think that
he returned to South Africa like a prodigal
son whose father slammed the door in his
face, destitute, dejected, to be^in life over
again in remote exile. Mr. Chamberlain's
cold, sparkling eyes almost managed a
tear for this melancholy soectacle, and the
listening House uttered sympathetic
"hear, hears" which might have been
taken for groans.
But if you talk in chartered company cir
cles it is to find an extraordinarily different
view prevailing as to the position of
K nodes and his partners. They got rid of
the costly responsibility of police and
other administration without any curtail
ment of benefits, and they began to see in
the whole transaction merely a promise of
larger dividends than ever; being gentle
men who are not engaged in expanding
the empire for their health, they are able
to contemplate this prospect with a smile.
It is nol likely that much new light will
be thrown on the present or future state of
the Venezuelan controversy by the debate
which is expected to begin Monday. Sir
William Vernon Harcourt has made a
specialty of the subject the last two
months and prepared for a comprehensive
and powerful attack on the Government,
but the Queen's speech rather takes the
wind out oi his sails. No disposition has
been disclosed among the private Tories
to say disa^reeaole things of the topics,
mid the official Tories profess such a com
plete anxiety to settie everything to
America's liking that it seems somewhat
bootless to bombard the loner since aban
doned fortifications where Salisbury in
trenched himself on the Schomburghk
line. There is no reason whatever to
suspect that these ofiioial professions of a
desire to arrange the matter amicably con
ceal any ulterior design, and that being
the case it seems as if the thing might
with profit be taken out of newspaper dis
cussion for a week or two at least and left
to the two foreign offices where it belongs.
Somehow it had not been easy at any
time during the week wholly to credit the
linality of Sexton's refusal to become the
head of the party. Healy b letter to-day,
in which he goes to the 'ength of offering
to retire from public life if Sexton will
f-ay that it will promote harmony and en
able him .to accept the post, removes the
last chance of the Dillon and O'Brien
ci-.que to misrepresent the situation from
«v least that point of view. If Sexton still
persists in holding back it will be interest
ing to wait and see how long it is before
he gets the post of president of the Irish
National Bar.k. No secret is made of the
fact thai if I). lion forces his election to the
chairmanship Tuesday the party will at
once break in..
W extern Europe and even America may
ponder with profit on the fact that the
only visible result ..f (he slaughter of many
thousands ot Armenians has been that the
( zar and the Sultan are now warm allies.
It is interesting, too, to note that they find
their lirst opportunity to appear arm in
arm in Sofia, where Sianibouloffs butch
ery and i'erdinand's base violation of the
The San Francisco Call.
.SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MOENING, FEBRUARY 16, 1896-TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
oath sworn to his bride and her parents
have made it possible for the Czar to be
friendly with the Bulgarians and for the
Sultan to bestir himself to secure his vas
sal's recognition by the courts of Europe.
It was as if little Prince Boris had received
a double baptism of blood, once in the
murder-pit of Sassoun and once in the
gutter in front of the Sofia Club. Not even
in Paris do men pretend that this spectacle
is not repulsive. Nobody is to object to
the recognition of Ferdinand, however.
More importance attaches to the impend
ing interview at Mentone between the
Emperor of Austria and President Faure
ilian is generally imagined. It will not be
surprising, indeed, if this meeting will not
come, in after years, to be regarded as a
historical event.
Berthelot was somewhat sniffed at when
he left his laboratory to take charge of the
foreign affairs of the republic, bnt men
laugh no longer, H"e has already done
great things toward lifting France out of
the ruinous chauvinistic morass in which
she had floundered, and this sign of possi
ble understanding; with Austria promises
even more notable results; but very likely
these will soon be exhibiting themselves.
The present French Cabinet has as
many lives as the proverbial cat. On
Thursday morning the whole press of
J'aris agreed in the prediction that the
Ministry would be dead by nightfall, but
when evening came, lo and behold! Bour
geois was not only still Premier, but had a
rousing vote of confidence' by the Chamber
of Deputies to show to his enemies. That
these continue 1 triumphs of the Ministry,
which has only a small minority of true
friends in the Chamber, has something
queer underlying them is, of course, perfect
ly well known, but there are many widely
varying explanations of what this some
thing is. There seems to be a portion of
truth in each of a dozen of these different
solutions of the problem. The Ministry
now possess such a huge collection of com
promising facts relating to any number of
separate scandals that it is believed to hold
a threat of disclosure over fully 300
Deputies, which is more than half the
Chamber. It is said on apparently
good authority that not less than 250 are
involved in some phase of the South of
France railway and telephone contract
scandals alone, and these are only two out
of a large assorted collection. Thus it
happens that even when the present Min
ister of Public Instruction is confronted
by extremely embarrassing proof of his
own bad behavior in the railway matter
the Cabinet is able to force the Chamber
to ignore the thins; and to embark instead
of combat with the Senate. These two
bodies have not before been in open con
flict since the constitution of the republic
was adopted and no precedent exists to
help to guess as to how the deadlock
will terminate. Under ordinary circum
stances such a struggle might easily pre
cipitate a prrave constitutional crisis, but
nobody seems to fear that it may happen in
the case for the simple though unpleasant
' reason that the ministry is believed to
! have eno ;gb secrets of personal corrup
tion up its sleeve to bring the Senate to its
knees if a real emergency arise.
Hungary's spirited determination to
make her millennial celebration memorable
in the history of the world, regardless of
e-pense, has already produced one very
painful side result. Among the numerous
magnificent plans was one to found a mu
seum of fine arts at Budapesth which
would make the rest of the world green
with envy, and the sum of $1,500,000 was
voted for a start. Of this $200,000 was in
trusted to Director Pulszsky, who is the
eldest son of one of Hungary's most cher
ished patriots of Kossuth's time, to travel
through Europe and buy old masters of
art with. Subsequently much more money
was sent to him, but soon it was discovered
that he was buying only absurd, pitiful
rubbish at wild prices, and not even pay
ing for that but running the Government
in debt. Then came the disclosure that he
had embezzled practically the whole huge
sum and allowed it to be taken from him
by a pack of adventurers of both sexes.
His conduct was so idiotic that friends of
his father's bad him certified as insane and
ran into an insane asylum, but a parlia
mentary hubbub was raised by the cleri
cals in revenge for the civil marriage legis
lation, with the result that Pulszsky is de
cided to be sane, and must be tried and
punished. A more unwelcome overture to
a year's national celebration may hardly
be imagined.
Scarcely subordinate in interest to the
direct issue of the chartered company has
been the extraordinary capture of the vir
tuous old Daily News by the Rhodes-Bar
nato combination. The change began
sharply on Monday, when the new editor,
E. T. Cook, took charge, and the amaze
ment has been growing day by day
through the week. It is supposed that
there must also have been some change in
the proprietorship or perhaps a change in
proprietorial investments to explain the
thing, but of this nothing is known.
The Liberals are aghast at the sugges
tion that their time-honored official organ
has sold them out, and are only less dis
gusted to see that W. T. Stead, who was
Cook's first chief on the Pall Mall Gazette,
has now a free hand over the Daily News
columns to boom Rhodes, Mme. Novi
koff, telepathy, ebosts and all the rest of
his either venal or asinine obsessions.
Whatever the explanation may be and
however soon a change again may be
made, it is clear enough that the Daily
News is irretrievably ruined. One week
has sufficed to destroy the work of fifty
years. Naturally this is advantageous for
the Daily Chronicle, which has been
climbing up over its decrepit rival ever
since Massingham and Norman ob
tained control, and no? it steps
into the position of the chief Liberal paper
of England quite by acclamation. Al
though it is evident that America is fully
abreast of Europe in expanding and de
veloping Roentgen's discovery some quaint
incidents of the process here may not be
duplicated on the other side. For in
stance, the Vienna Museum for some time
has possessed as its chief treasure an
Egyptian mummy which is swathed to
resemble a human being, but bearing an in
scription which suggested it to be an Ibis
instead. The thing was too rare and pre
cious to run the risk of unwinding its
bandages to solve this paradox, but the
shadow photograph now plainly reveals
the skeleton of a large bird.
Professor liergmann of Berlin utilized
the discoTery the other day for a surgical
operation, but at the same time made a
speech to the university class, warning
them of the possible dangers involved in
this weird multiplication of facilities for
diagnosis. He foresees that, now that the
position of metals, substances inside the
human form, may be traced with ease,
everybody who had been carrying bullets,
needle 3 and shot for years without harm
"Open my mines and you will have no need to borrow gold."
to himself will be possessed with the
passion to have them located and dug out,
and against this he protests fervently.
He says he made his special reputation
in surgery in the Russo-Turkish war by
never extracting a bullet necessarily more
than by anything else, and even in time of
peace, where antiseptic aids are at their
best, he earnestly deprecates all but
strictly essential operations of this nature.
The Prussian general staff are enthusi
astic over Count Zeppelin's steerable bal
loon, which can ribo 1200 yards, travel
eleven miles an hour, carry two tons, stay
up fully a week and ascend or descend
without throwing ballast or losine gas. It
utilizes aluminum in the motor and steer
ing gear, but the principal novelty is a
secret preparation or sizing making silk
entirely gas tight. The cost of one will be
|75,000, but its value in time of war as a
lookout over a vast range, either by sea or
land, will be incalculable.
The evening papers on Thursday picked
up bushels of extra vennies on the sub
ject of the north pole, but otherwise, in
the opinion of scientists here, nothinc has
been changed. It is not believed by them
that news from Nansen could possibly
come by the way that this report is said
to have traveled; but laymen remember
that scientists have often been beaten by
facts before, and so keep an open mind.
When I reported the report reaching me
that Dunraven already had an apology on
the way to America, it seems that my in
formant had information that such a
course had been insisted on by the Prince
of Wales at Sandringham. and took it
for granted that Dunraven had not
delayed to act on it; but he ap
pears to have held out over two
or three ocoan mails before he finally acted.
This characteristic behavior prepares every
body here lor the disclosure that the com
munication itself is inadequate and grudg
ing in tone, and if this be the case, after
the elaborate and persistent courtesy of
the New York Yacht (Jlub, you may be
sure that no one here whose opinion you
value will resent his being dealt with as he
deserves.
S. J. Solomon's election as associate by
the Royal Academy is popular among
painters, and at another time would have
called forth many congratulations, but it
happens to be overshadowed by the choice
of Edwin A. Abbey, which excites a wider
and more vigorous outburst of enthusi
asm. Despite his magnificent Boston Li
brary creations he is still regarded prima
rily as a black and white man, and illus
trators hail his election as a long belated
recognition of this art. It is noteworthy,
too, perhaps, that at such a time an Amer
ican, the vast bulk of whose work has
been done for America," should be chosen
over many Englishmen without a hint in
any quartc of the slightest jealousy on
national grounds. It is understood now
that plans to pass Sir John Everett Mil
lais over all have come to naught and that
he will bo elevated to the presidency
Thursday without opposition or any
pledge to regard himself as a warming
pan for somebody else.
Harold Frederic.
3/atf» for China and Japan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15. -The
Postoffice Department to-day announced
that mails for China and Japan would bo
dispatched via the steamer Tacorua on the
27th instead of the -Ist, as previously an
nounced.
ON THE EVE OF
A BIG BATTLE.
Activity Among the Forces
For and Against the
; Repeal Bill.
LEGISLATIVE CHAMPIONS
Hot Debate Promised When the
Measure Comes Before
the Senate.
DILATORY AND OTHER TACTICS.
How Huntington's Men Hope to Pre
vent a Vote in the
House.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 15.— The Goe
bel bill to repeal the Southern Pacific
charter is expected to be reached in the
Senate on Monday. The bill is taking its
course in the orders of the day, and at the
close of the session this evening was the
fourth case on the calendar, and the
measures ahead of the bill are of minor
importance and will be disposed. of with
great dispatch. Senator Goebel will lead
the fight on the floor of the Senate and
will make the opening speech in support
of the measure, and will be assisted by
Senator Taylor and others.
Senator Thomas H. Hays and Senator
Rozel Weissihger of Louisville will lead
the fight aeainst the bill and will vigor
ously resist every point.
Senator John Bennett of Richmond will
also make a speech against the passage of
tlie bill. While the opposition admits
that they have not sufficient strength to
kill the measure, they hope, by extended
discussion and keen parliamentary tactics,
to take up several days in delaying the
passage of the bill.
When the measure shall reach the House
it is there hoped to get the bili in the orders
of the day and follow the several hundred
measures already awaiting their turn for
passage. It is believed the friends of the
bill have sufficient strength to call the
measure up for immediate passage. This
they expect to do. The members of the
House maintain much indifference to the
measure, but it is well known tfaat the
measure has strong friends among leaders
in this branch, and the only visible hope to
defeat it is by preventing its coming to a
vote.
The Huntington people are rallying for
a big tight. Hunt:ngton has addressed
his letters to members in plain envelopes,
and, it is said, marked "personal on the
outside. The California friends of the
measure have taken every precaution to
see that members are informed on the
matter, and have sent communications
to every representative in both personal
letters and printed circulars, setting out at
length the mode of the passage of tLe bill
and every detail in connection with the
subject, and this has lent valuable aid to
the friends of the bill, who have gained a
conceded fight in the Senate. When the
bill has passed the upper branch Hunting
ton and his forces will openly oppose it.
A number of the members who iive at
such a distance from Frankfort as to in
volve a longer railroad journey and a
change of lines left for home early to-day,
after pairing off with some of the oppo
site party; others, who live within a few
hours' ride or did not succeed in pairing,
waited till the session adjourned. By
night the majority of them were out of
town, and things around tbe Capitol Hotel
and other resorts were comparatively
quiet. All the Louisville delegation went
down and with them quite a number of
others, including some of the mountain
county members, who have not been out
of Frankfort since their first arrival.
There is no reason why all of them
should not go. It really seems that any
one staying here is quite unappreciative of
the entire willingness or, you may say, the
intense desire on the part of the Hunting
ton managers to give them every oppor
tunity for enjoying themselves— free rides
on the "kyars" (even if it is against the
law specially made and provided) and free
board and lodging where it can be forced
upon the party in question, free drinks,
free almost anything else wanted — "if you
don't see it don't be afraid to ask for it."
"Will call a coupe and take you in a few
minutes; several of the fellows are going."
There are way 3 and ways of getting a
hold upon a man. If he cannot be got
one way try him with another; anyway,
get him.
The recess is quite a relief to those who
have been engaged in the active work of
the past week, Senator Goebel among the
number. Ha is a wonderful worker, and
though with the duties incident to his
connection with the several Senate com
mittees and the Democratic Steering Com
mittee and the caucus committee and
other things, he has more on his shoul
ders than any other man in the Legis
lature, he is always prompt in his attend
ance on the sessions and meetings, bright
and cheerful in appearance and seems pre
pared for anything that may turn ud.
While he is not at all uneasy about the
"bastard bill" introduced by Mr. Stiglitz,
he nevertheless keeps a close watch on it,
and it is well assured that he will be ready
for any emergency that may arise from
both bills being in the House at the same
time and will minimize its power to hurt
or delay the passage of his bill. The Sen
ator goes to his home in Covtngton this
evening and will probably go down to
Louisville to-morrow morning, but ne will
be on hand bright and early Monday
morning.
As indicated some days ago, John J.
McHenry of Ohio County, son of one of
the Southern Pacific incorporators, has ar
rived, and is quite actively at work
againat the bill, As far a3 can be learned
he has no other object in his visit at this
time. It is said that he has a good deal
of influence over Barnett, the member
from his county, to whom he wrote on the
subject last week; but it is very doubtful
if he can affect the votes of any others.
Though a banker in an interior Kentucky
town, he is a man who commands respect,
and people generally listen when he
speaks.
Mi*. McHenry is very frank in saying
that the repeal of the charter might be con
strued as reflecting on the motives and ac
tion of the incorporators. He is quite
right aboiit that, but auite wrong id sup
posing that there will be no reflection cast
if there is no repeal. The beet thing that
he can do is to stand up for the honor of
bis dead father's name in his position
that Henry D. McHenry was imposed
upon, and was not wittingly a t»arty to the
infamous uses to which that charter has
been put, and insist on the repeal of the
charter.
His idea that repeal might affect the
stock of the company and result in loss
to the shareholders is evidently born from
are over 2000 such shareholders in the
the statement of Mr. Huntington that there
Southern .Pacific Company, most of whom,
it is inferred, have tneir all invested in that
stock and are dependent on the dividends
therefrom for victuals and clothes.
John McHenry was born with a sympa
thetic streak in his composition — not as
thick as a vein of his coaJ, it is true, but
still it is there — and his anxiety about
those suffering stockholders is commend
able; but if he inherited any of said stock
from his father his can vouch
for the fact that he has not had to build
any new vaults in his bank to hold those
generous dividends, nor did Mr.
Huntington send them to him in
a freightcar. It is not probable
thatjhis anxiety for those dependent stock
holders will keep Mr. McHenry away from
his bank long, and so the inhuman mon
sters who are planning to take the bread
out of their mouths will have to be Kept in
check by some one else. In fact, he does
not go away with the elastic buoyancy of
bearing that a man who has achieved a
great philanthropic success should wear.
He must have become discouraged, or may
be he got hold of some of Sutro's red-letter
literature on the subject of the Southern
Pacific oppression, and has experienced a
change of heart and purpose.
The Frisco bureau of education is doing
a deal of good in showing the people of
Kentucky the gravity of the issues in
volved in this repeal bill. The members
of the Legislature have all received a full
share of printed matter, well got up,
and many of them are reading all of it
very carefully, and from the opinions ex
pressed it is evident that the missives have
been sent to some purpose.
The extracts from the Colton letters are
a revelation — almost incredible to many
of them — while to some they are a power
ful warning. A Kentuckian who has got
as far up the political ladder a3 the
Legislature is likely to have an impression
on his inmost soul that there is nothing
that he cannot win if he keeps on, and he
is not quite brave enough to relish the
idea of having ia the years to come the
administration of the estate of some of
the parties interested, producing in court
any Frankfort "Coltou" letters in ".'hich
his name figured ; and this repugnance is
going to make him very cautious, if he
does it at all.
Rumor laid the paternity of the bastard
Stiglitz bill to several persons who have
been in Frankfort lately, but with little
reason, and in no case with less reason
than that of the Hon. Walter Evans, Con
gressman from the Louisville district. Mr.
Evans has not been in Frankfort sinco
early in the session, and while he is ac
quainted with Stiglitz that fact is only ad
ditional proof that he did not have any
thing to do with his having charge of the
bill. Then, too, Walter Evans is a con
scientious, upright man. He is not inter
ested, as attorney for Huntington or other
wise, in the fate of the measure and he
would lend himself to no trickery looking
to coupling its defeat and Hunter's success
together, even though he is a good Repub
lican and a strong partisan. He always
stays within the limits of decency and
honesty.
Mr. Stiglitz will have to foster-father
that bill himself until he is ready to tell
who is the real father. That he and Mr.
Freeman will nurse it carefully and guard
the secret as closely as possible is assured,
but when they get around among the boys
in Louisville to-night and to-morrow Billy
is very apt to be questioned, and will inad
vertently drop a pointer that will be
picked up by some of the newspaper boys
down there and followed up to the end.
Mr. Goebel has taken no notice of the
discourtesy put upon him by Stiglitz's
action as yet, and it is presumed that he
will not. He is rather above being
affronted by Air. Stiglitz in that way.
Goebel is one of the best hands in the
whole Legislature at "sawing wood" with
out uttering more than an occasional re
mark, so whatever he thinks about the
Stiglitz "brat" and its foster-father he
knows that it is not any kin to his, and he
will watch it all the same and even put it
to sleep when the time comes. One baby
and one bill of the game name in the
House at the same time are quite enough,
the Senator thinks.
Goebel and the others are dispos
ing of the open arguments of the
anti - repealers very readily, but they
are at a disadvantage, having other duties
in hand, in having opposed to them a
well-organized and well-handled set of
men of great experience in promoting or
thwarting legislation, as the case might
be, and who are working continually and
only for the interests of their masters. If
there was nothing to fear but upon parlia
mentary tactics and a fair vote all would
be assured ; but there is much also to fear,
as any one acquainted with Jluntington
well knows. Senator Weissinger an
nounced in the Senate that the railroad
would "dispute the passage of the bill over
every inch of the ground." He might
have truthfully added, "and by 6very
means known to influence men."
CO3IIXG TO CALIFORNIA.
Families in the East Who Will Settle at
Aahumt.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 15.— Committees
representing the Colonial Clubs of Chi
cago, New York and Massachusetts left
this city for California last night. They
have been delegated by 1200 head 3 of
families, all people of means, to investi
gate tlie site of the Ashurst colony in Te
hama County, Cal., and if they iind it satis
factory to found a settlement and begfti
extensive improvements.
They are accompanied by ten families,
mostly from Chicago, who will imme
diately erect their homes and become the
first residents of the new town. This is
the second colony undertaken by the Na
tional Colonial Society.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TURKISH FORCES
ARE STARVING.
Great Destitution Among
the Soldiers Surround
ing Zeitoun.
FORTY PERISH A DAY.
Inhabitants of the Besieged City
Capture Provisions by
Strategy.
AFFAIRS IN THE INTERIOR.
According to Government Figures,
Nearly Forty Thousand Persons
Are Massacred.
[Correspondence of The United Press. 1
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tcrrey, Jan. 31.—
Thirteen thousand armed men are said to
be in Zeitoun and it is surrounded by 35,000
soldiers stationed at five points. But these
latter, by reason of bein^ insufficiently
clothed and fed, are dying at the rate of
forty a day. Special trains from Mersin
and Adapa have been loaded with bread
to be forwarded. Many of the inhabitants
of the besieged city have donned the
clothes of those they have captured, and
come and go at their leisure. A few of
them met a camel train of seventy animals
conveying bread to the Turkish troops.
Accosting them as brothers and expressing
their sense of grateful satisfaction over the
trouble they had been taking in order to
feed the suffering troops, they led them
straight into their city.
It is generally supposed in Adana (where
nothing is yet known of a mediation) that
some sort of an armistice has been agreed
upon till March 1.
The following letter dated January 9
from a city outside of the six provinces in
the interior gives a good idea of the pres
ent state of affairs iv many parts of the
interior:
"I wish to speak only of the present con
dition of Armenians herein its absolute
ly hopeless outlook for the future as long
as this Government is in power. It is now
nearly six weeks since the massacre and
the professions of the Government of sor
row for the unfortunate event have had
time to prove sincere or false. The officials
seem exceedingly friendly toward for
eigners and accede to all their reasonable
requests. Their cordiality in the matter
of the relief expedition of the devastated
villages was marked. The Americans say
that when called upon in reference to any
business the officials receive them era
ciously and promise hearty aid. Theyare
also assured that there is no possibility of
a repetition of such wickedness.
•'The one thing, however, which mars
our confidence in these assurances is the
fact that all officials from the Governor
down were equally loud in their assur
ances previous to November 30. Before
that day we believed them; we thought
that the authorities really intended to
keep quiet, and since that day we can only
say that we have no longer any confidence
in the word of any Turk as to security of
life and property.
"The only effective means of preventing
a recurrence of this massacre, the stern
and swift punishment of a.ll concerned as
far as ascertainable, is wholly neglected.
Those Armenians who loiged complaints
at first are afraid to follow up their testi
mony, because of the threats against them
selves, which they fear.
"If the Government was in earnest they
could assure protection to witnesses, but
that they evidently do not intend to do. I
know of a case of one young girl who was
carried away and some days later was
brought back to her house. The name of
the abductor is Known to her parents. In
formation was given and he was arrested,
but was immediately released on some al
leged technicality. The Turkish estimate
of Turkish violence in the province of
Harpoot and some of the adjacent villages
which has been obtained through a trans
lation of a list prepared in Turkish by a
local Moslem in a high extra Government
position gives the total number killed at
39,294 and the number of destitute at 95,
--770."
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey. Feb. 15.
Rev. George P. Knapp, one of the Amer
ican missionaries, stationed at Bitlis, who
is accused by the Porte of having encour
aged seditious movements among the Ar
menians, will receive safe conduct to Con
siantinople.
The authorities have issued an order
prohibiting the circulation in Turkey of
the English papers of February 11.
NEW TO-DAT.
&eo§
COPPER RIVETED-
AND
SPMS<jBOTTOH
PANTS.
EVERY PAI GUARANTEE!*
". FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.2
GERMANY YET
DISSATISFIED.
Statesmen Are Not Pleased
With Expressions of
British Diplomats.
AN INCREASED STRAIN.
English Encroachments in South
Africa to Be Vigorously
Resisted.
MEASURE AGAINST SOCIALISTS.
Plans to Abolish the Present Electoral
System and Shut Out the
Poorer Classes.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 15.— Tne in
vectives which for sotno time were hurled
by the semi-official press against England
had a lull last week, but this week they
have been renewed but in a somewhat dif
ferent vein. Though these expressions
are more guarded than formerly they in
dicate that the German Government is
thoroughly dissatisfied with the statements
which have been made in Parliament by
the British Ministers in regard to the situ
ation and England's relations in the
Transvaal.
Nor does this condition of affairs fur
nish the only grievance which Germany
has, according to these sources of informa
tion. There is reason to state, it is al
leged, that the advices received at the For
eign Office from South Africa are of a char
act r that tend greatly to increase the
etrain upon the relations between England
and Germany.
Although the Berlin press is almost
unanimous in praising the frankness oi
the statements made in the Reichstag by
Freiherr Marschall yon Bieberstein, Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, in the debate on
the Transvaal situation on Tnursday, in
which he declared that nothing had oc
curred to change the good relations be
tween Germany and England, an analysis
of the Foreign Minister's statement and
the White Book containing the Transvaal
correspondence disclose a notable and suc
cessful concealment of the very things
t:.at the public are most desirous to know.
Freiherr Marschall yon Bieberstein as-
Bured the Reichstag that the Wnite Book
contained all of the documents in the
possession of the Government bearing on
the subject, but any one looking in the
book for the all-important telegram from
Pretoria, of December 31, mentioned in
the dispatch to Count yon Hatzfeldt, Ger
man Embassador to Great Britain, would
fail to find it. and this is only one instance
out of several wherein important commu
nications have been suppressed.
There is no doubt, however, that the
.Foreign Minister's vindication of Ger
many's rights in the Transvaal is ap
proved by the whole of Germany, the
Hamburger Corresoondenz going to the
length of saying that the Transvaal and
Delayoa Bay, the ground with the strip of
Portuguese territory between Delagoa Bay
End the Transvaal, are under the protec
tion of the European powers. The North
Gei*man Gazette, however, corrects this
statement as being in conflict with the
recognized political and territorial situa
tion.
Germany, the Zeitung asserts, does not
claim the right to such protectorate as the
Correspondenz describes and declares that
the main point of Germany's dispute with
England is that of the former's safeguard
ing herself against England's encroach
ments upon German interests in South
Africa.
The speech delivered by Freiherr Mar
•chall yon Bieberstein in the Reichstag,
which has been revised and publisheu in
the Reichsanzeiger, the official gazette, puts
the whole case in one sentence, thus: The
German Government wili uphold the status
quo of Delagoa Bay and also the rights in
volved in the ownership of the German
railways and the maintenance of the inde
pendence of the South African Republic,
as guaranteed by the treaty of 1884.
The Cologne Gazette, while warning
England not to interfere in the internal
reforms of the Transvaal, advises the Boers
to remove any possible pretext for such
interference by granting some concessions
to the Uitlanders.
The Vossische Zeitung says that Eng
land if she is desirous of living upon good
terms with Germany must become ac
customed to see Germans maintaining a
hold upon a part of the mainland of
{Southwest Africa, besides having interests
in South Africa. Germany, the Zeitung
Bays, has subjects there and must also pro
tect her right to save a nation allied with
her by race from brutal violence and to
compel respect for treaties.
The sum of the matter is that if Great
Britain should menace an attack upon the
South African ReDubiic upon the pretext
of defending British subjects in that terri
tory Germany wouid be unanimous in ap
proving the intervention of the imperial
Government in the most active form in
defense of the Boers.
The lower house of the Saxon Diet, after
a debate of two days upon the measure,
has referred the electoral bill to a special
committee. The bill proposes to abolish
the present electoral system and to sub
stitute therefor the system which prevails
in Prussia of indirect election in classes.
The first of these classes comprises those
having incomes of 10,000 marks a year; the
second, those receiving incomes of not less
than 2800 marks per annum, and the third
composed of workmen and ratepayers.
Each class elects one-third of the college
of electors whicii selects the deputies to sit
in the Landtac. The result of this system
would be that all of the workmen and rate
payers* comprising the third class would
be in a two to one minority in the electoral
college, and would, of course, have no rep
resentative in the Landtag.
In the course of the debate Herr
Mttzsch, Minister of the Interior and of
Foreign Affairs, avowed that the bill was
especially directed against the socialists,
and the Deputies of the latter party made
an attack upon the Government, charging
them at aiming to establish a system of
class despotism and persecution which
would surely lead to a revulsion of popu
lar feeling endangering all the institu
tions of the State.
Prince Bismarck, in an interview with a
member of the Saxon Diet this week, ad
vised a modification of the electoral bill
and expressed his strong disapproval of
the arbitrary provisions oi the measure iv
I classifying the Saxon electors. The ex
j Chancellor suggested a system of open
voting.
The strikes of the various trades union
men throughout Prussia are spreading
rapidly, and it is now estimated that 35,
--000 mintle-makers and female tailors are
out and all of the hatmakers of Berlin are
also on stride. The public have very nu
merously and generously subscribed
money for the support of the striking
seam-tresses, whoso long hours and
wretched pay, through their being ex
ploited by middlemen, have excited gen
eral compassion. Dr. yon Boetticher, Im
perial Secretary of State for the Interior,
has made a promise in the Reichstag that
the Government would make an inquiry
into the grievances of the seamstresses,
and inasmuch as a part of their work is
done at home the inquiry will without
doubt extend to the possibility of applying
for legislation regulating the work, hours.
pay, etc., of the trades whose labors are
performed in home apartments.
The congregation of the American
church in Berlin has held a meeting at
which a resolution was passed, signed by
the Rev. Dr. Dickie, pastor of the church,
as chairman, William Griscom and
Messrs. McFadden, Dunham and Harley,
expressing thorough appreciation of the
ability and official capacity of the late
United States Embassador Itunyon, es
pecially in defense of the interests of the
United States abroad. The resolution also
expresses his compatriots' recognition of
him as a faithful exponent of American
character and principle, and their ac
knowledgment of his unimpeachable in
tegrity in matters of public and personal
import.
The Empress Frederick has invited Mr.
John B. Jackson, charge d'affaires of the
United States, to take luncheon with her
next "Wednesday. On Washington's birth
day a dinner and a daaee wiil be given
under the auspices of the United States
embassy at the Hotel Iteichshof. The
dinner will be provided by the American
colony in Berlin ajjn 1 the proceeds will be
devoted to charity.
INTERPELLATED THE GOVERNMENT
Investigation Into the Railway Scandals
Promises to Causa Further Trouble
in France.
PARIS, France, Feb. 15.— 1n the Senate
to-day M. Moms, Republican, again inter
pellated the Government regarding the
appointment to conduct the investigation
into the Southern Railway scandals, of
Judge Pitevin instead of Judge Rampler.
A long debate followed.
Minister of Justice Ricard repeated his
defense of the Ministers previously made,
and advised the Senate to weigh well the
result of a vote in opposition to the opin
ion of the country. The Senate, however,
by a vote of I*3l to 71 continued the vote
taken in that tody on the 11th inst., plac
ing the blame in the matter upon the Gov
ernment.
M. Demole, Republican, whe represents
one of the divisions of Saone et Loire, an
nounced that he would await the steps
taken by the Cabinet inconsequence of the
vote and then, if necessary, interpellate
the Government concerning the responsi
bility of the Cabinet toward the Senate
and Chamber of Deputies. The Senate
then adjourned until Friday next.
After the vote on the interpellations, the
Ministers held a lengthy conference. It is
understood they decided that Prime Min
ister Bourgeois should lay the situation
before President Faure. There is great
agitation and uncertainty in political cir
cles, and rumors of the dissolution of Par
liament and a revision of the constitution
gain credence. Wiseacres are of the opin
ion that the fact that the Cabinet has not
resigned because of the adverse vote
marks the opening of a revolutionary par
liamentary contlict. The Courier de Soir
announces that the Cabinet will meet
again to-morrow.
RAN OUT THE "HEALER."
Rev. William Bailey Received
Tar and Feathers at North
Platte.
An Imitator of Schlatter. Who Made
Trouble in a Family and Had
to Move.
NORTH PLATTE, Nebr., Feb. 15.—
Rev. William Bailey, a preacher, was
tarred and feathered and ordered to leave
town by a vigilance committee, consisting
of 100 citizens, to-night. Bailey is an imi
tator of Schlatter. the Denver healer, and
has been working his so-called miracles all
winter.
The man had endeared himself to the
members of one of the families who had
believed in his faith, until he became so
frequent in manifesting his powers that
the husband ordered him to leave the
house and never return.
He paid no attention to the order, and
yesterday the husband, in sheer despera
tion, went to District Judge Grimes and
asked what to do in order to rid himself of
this man who was breaking up his family.
The Judge sympathized with the husband,
donned his hat, went to the house and
ejected the intruder. This act was heartily
approved by the citizens, and to-day's
papers contained sensational articles in re
gard to the affair.
The healer was ordered to leave town
to-day and disobeyed, and after dark the
mob was quietly organized to enforce the
order. The members of the mob deter
mined to brook no resistance to their
plans. They broke in the doors of the
house where the healer was stopping, and
after administering the tar and feathers
turned him loose, telling him that if they
caught him to-morrow he would be
lynched. He replied that if the Lord or
dered him to go he would. The "healer"
is a man of medium build, and appears
intelligent on all subjects but religion.
The people generally believe him insane.
Pr.AltZ. BBr.I.VS MTJRTiEJtEns.
Ecidetice Against 'lliem. From a Moat
L'mcilling Witness.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 15.— George
H. Jackson (colored) was arrested here to
night and confessed to having driven
Scott Jackson, AJonzo Walling and Pearl
Bryan across the river to Fort Thomas on
the night of the Pearl Bryan murder.
Jackson say& the girl was crying all the
way and he did not want to go with them,
but they compelled him to drive. He
says when he got over thfi river he jumped
from the vehicle ana ran away. This con
fession forces the last link in the chain of
evidence which has been developed against
the accused.
B'tfh a tftemmer in Tow.
NEW YORK, S. V., Feb. 15.— The
steamer Germanic, which arrived here to
day, reDorts that on February 13 she passed
the steamer Galileo from Hull with the
Oceantc irom Sunderland for Baltimore in
tow. The Oceanic was disabled, her shaft
being brokeu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY' 16, 189«.
SPORTS GROWING
VERY WEARY.
Leaving El Paso in Droves
on Every Outgoing
Train.
NO CHANCE OF A FIGHT.
Maher's Eyes Are Worse and the
Date for Monday is, of
Course, Canceled.
FITZSIMMONS IS DISGUSTED.
Ready to Desert the Florida Athletic
Club and Journey Across the
Pond.
EL PASO, Tex., Feb. 15.— A member of
Maher's party, who arrived late to-night
from Las Cruces, says that Quinn has
knowledge of a breach in the articles of
agreement that will prevent Fitzsimmons
from claiming or receiving forfeit on Mon
day. He would, however, give no particu
lars.
Ad 8:30 to-night notice was sent out from
headquarters for aU the men matched in
the minor contests, together with their
principals, to meet to-morrow night when
the promoters will make the statement of
the situation and announce what course it
is intended to pursue.
It also developed to-night that the con
tract between the citizens and the Florida
Athletic Club and by the terms of which
the former agreed to provide the sum. of
$10,000 on condition that the lights take
place adjacent to this city, stipulates that
the agreement shall hold cood only if the
Fitzsiinnions-Miiher contest is brought off
between sunrise i-riday, February 14, and
sunset of Monday, the 17th.
If, therefore, Maher is unable to come
to time on Monday the citizens' commit
tee, should it be so disposed, can declare
the agreement null and void. There are
also rumors that the committee has been
unable to raise the full amount of the
guarantee. It is definitely known that
$:JOOO of the total is on deposit in the State
National, and it i 3 claimed but not cor
roborated that there is an equal sum in
the First National and $1500 in Newman's
Bank. Even this, however, would leave
the necessary total $2500 short.
An intimation from Manager Quinn
to-day that the Irishman's eyes were not
improving as rapidly as has been hoped
for, and another postponement will be nec
essary, has demoralized the sports, ruffled
phlegmatic Dan Stuart and his associates
and made Fiusimmons and Julian more
morose and taciturn than ever. The
Cornishnian, as a matter of fact, is sick of
the whole business, and it requires frequent
injunctions from Julian to "keep your
mouth shut and say nothing to anybody,"
to prevent him from breaking loose.
■\Vhen the manager was made acquainted
with the contents of Quinn's message by
the representative of the United Press he
beid a whispered consultation wiih his
principal and at its conclusion said with
emphasi3 that no further statement of
their intentions would be made until noon
of Monday. Those who know I'itzsimnions
and Julian best believe he has gone as far
as he intends to go and that if Maher does
not come in time on Monday he will claim
the forfeit and wash his hands of the
Florida Athletic Club and its promoters
for nood and all.
Since the offers from the London clubs
were received several days ago he has
more than once expressed himself to the
effect that he was weary of going to the
labor, expense and nervous worry of pre
paring for tights only to be hunted about
like a felon and find himself checkmated
at the last moment, when he could cross
the water with the assurance of a good
sized purse for a sure contest under repu
table auspices and with full protection. It
is believed that he is about ready to take
advantage of the present situation to cut
himself loose from Stuart and make a deal
with the Londoners.
When it became apparent that the Mon
day date was off there was a hurrying and
scurrying on the part of the visitors that
still remained to secure homeward-bound
accommodations. The big delegation from
Houston, San Antonio, Dallas and other
State points went off in a bunch this morn
ing, while for to-night every berth in the
outgoing Texas Pacific train was engaged
and it was necessary to put on an extra car
for the disappointed Eastern sports. Par-
I Bon Davies, Sullivan ana Ryan, however,
! who had intended to get away last night.
Btill linger, solely because the ex-cham
pion, having no dates ahead for a week,
put his foot down and declared that he
would not quit the congenial company
that he has found here until he had to.
Of the 2500 strangers who were
in the city on Thursday for the fight not
more than 200 remain, and a fifth of these
are correspondents. The promoters have
at no time oflculated that more than 250
tickets would be purchased by local peo
ple, so that even if the men should be got
together next week the crowd and the re
ceipts will alike be nominal as compared
with previous calculations.
There is wailing ana gnashing of teeth
among the white and colored prize
tuatchers for the minor contests and they
are beginning to make themselves heard.
With one or two exceptions they are
training down to the finest point they can
stand and are anxious to be called into
action and become footloose once more.
Strong representations were made to
Stuart yesterday and this morning that
by bringing off one or more of the sec
ondary contests on one of the six safe
battling grounds be is reported to have in
command he could keep the bulk of the
outside crowd in town until the status of
the Fitzsimmons-Maher mill will be finally
determined, but he was obdurate.
Walcott and Bright Eyes Collins, who
were to have fought to-day, came over
irom Juarez this morning and weighed in
at a vacant store in El Paso, and Tom
O'Rourke in behalf of Walcott waived for
feit from Stuart until Tuesday next. The
two darkies will remain in the city and
tinibh their training in the gymnasium
attached to the .Gem saloon.
Governor Ahuamada was advised to-day
that it had been stated at headquarters
that the ring has been erected and was in
shape for the men to enter, and that the
location could not be found by his crack
cavalry in a month. This nettled the
Mexican executive and mounted scouts
were at once cent out to intercept
the cavalry details up and down the fron
tier and urge them to redoubled efforts.
The Chihuahuan Governor is confident
that if the story is true the battle-ground
will be in surveillance before dusk Sunday.
The last message received from Las
Cruces before the telegraph-office closed
to-night said that Dr. Green, who is treat
ing Maher, was of the opinion that it
would be absolutely impossible for him to
fight on Monday. Some of the out-of
town sports and correspondents are suffer
ing from the sore-eye trouble, which has
been named "Alkali Peter," and one of
the Chicago writers is confined to a dark
ened room.
Late to-night two items were given out
from headquarters which may be taken
for what they are worth. One was that
Fitzsimmons had privately notified Stuart
that he would take the forfeit on Monday,
and the other that the Walcott-Collins
contest would positively be brought off on
Tuesday at a railroad point twenty miies
out of the city.
Parson Davies gave it out this evening
that on his return to New York in April
steps would be taken by himself, John L.
Sullivan.O'Rourke and others for the incor
poration of the National Sporting League,
membership to be composed of all persons
interested in athletic sports and pugilism,
and having for its object the opposition to
all candidates for Congress and State Leg
islatures who will not declare themselves
in favor of a wide-open door for fights,
races and all sports. The Parson says that
a similar organization exists in England,
and that at the general election it "turned
down" over 100 woula-be members of the
Commons.
STA RF O/iU'S A XIIL ETES.
Vractice Work on Court, Piamond and
Vinder Track.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Feb.
15. — The Tennis Club has had its courts
put into proper condition, in readiness for
the percentage tournament. The open
tournament, which is to decide what play
ers Stanford will pit against Berkeley, will
not take place for about a month. It is
hoped by the management that the per
centage tournament will be the nu-ans of
bringing out a number of good players
and will result in their keeping in prac
tice. At present Picher, '98, and Free
man, '99, are undoubtedly the best racquet
wielders at Stanford. Several of the play
ers here would make the champions hustle
should they get into practice again.
The baseball field is crowded each even
ing with players, and the prospects are
auspicious for the aggregation of a credit
able nine. The practice games demonstrate
the ability of several of the new men with
the oat. Captain McLaine says little of
what he expects to do against the Berkeley
nine this year, but he will take every pre
cauti n to have his team in such a condi
tion that U. C. will rind the contest inter
esting.
Forty men have appeared on the track
thus far, and as the work of several new
men is of a creditable character there is a
general expectation that Stanford athletes
will make a better showing in the inter
collegiate field-day contests than at previ
ous muets. Three new men are now prac
ticing for the mile walk— Toll, '98; Hus
ton, '99, and Suzzallo. '99.
Sale of Thoroiiffitbreds.
NEW YORK, Feb. 15.— The sale of
thoroughbred trotting stock, which has
been on at the Madison-square Garden for
the past three days, came to a close this
afternoon. There was a fair attendance
at to-day's sale, but the prices realized
were not very large. F. W. Cole of this
city secured Keno F, by Mohawk-Hamble
tonian Fan, for $1500, from the consign
ments of H. B. Carroll of Lousiana, Mo.
Valleau, the six-year-oM bay stallion, by
Sentinel Wilkes-Kitty Cuyler, also brought
$1500, at which price he was knocked down
to John Galvin of Boston.
San .1 > Jtoad Ilace.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 15.— The fourth of
a scries of five-mile handicap road races of
the Columbus Cycling Club will be held
over the East San Jose course to-morrow
morning. The entries and handicaps are
as follows: J. Hourteig. 1:45; H. Perazzo,
1 :!■">; N. Spinetti, 1:30; J. Spinetti, 1:15;
V. Arzino, 1; Z. Kunhardt, -.40; J. Ferro,
:30; C. Carrillo, scratch: F. Schiele,
scratch; R. Pinto, scratch ; F. F. Ciancia
rulo, scratch.
football at Aem Josr.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 15.— Teams from
the University of the Pacilicand the Santa
Cruz High School played a game of foot
ball in this city to-day. The game was
well contested and resulted in a tie, the
score at the close being 4to 4. The Uni
versity boys narrowly escaped defeat, but
by hard tackling managed to tie the score
just before time was called.
AN ATROCIOUS CRIME.
Two Women Burned to Death
and One Man Badly
Wounded.
Bloodhounds Placed on the Trail of
Assassins Who Burned a
Kentucky Home.
AUGUSTA, Ky., Feb. 15.— One of the
most atrocious crimes in the history of
Bracken County was committed here this
morning. Two women were burned to
death and a man badly wounded. About
daylight Robert Laughlin, living about
three miles west of Augusta, was awakened
by tue presence of a man at his bedside in
the act of placing a knife at his throat.
Laughlin reached" out and grabbed the as
sassin by the coat. At the same time the
man made a lunge at him, striking him
in the shoulder.
Seeing a second man in the room Laugh
lin jumped from bed and ran for the door,
closely pursued by the man with the
knife. Laughlin ran to a neighbor's to
give the alarm, leavine the house in flames.
Laujrhlin's wife and Miss May Jones, a
13-year-old girl spending the night with
them, were left in the burning building.
He says he never heard a sound from them
during his struggle with the men and be
lieves they were butchered before the mur
derers assaulted him. The bodies of the
unfortunate women -were found lying in
the cellar. No clew to the perpetrators of
the horrible deed r*as been obtained.
Lauglilin was a peaceful and respected
farmer.
Bloodhounds were put on the trail this
afternoon. The hounds worked directly
toward this city and strangely came to a
halt at the house where the parents of the
girl, May Jones, live; but here the scent
was lost. The town is in an uproar.
FIGHT WITH HUSTLERS.
Two of the Gang Killed and One
Wounded and Captured.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Feb. 15.— Sheriff
John Owens and Stock Inspector Joseph
Lafors of Newcastle attempted to arrest a
party of cattle-rustlers who were in camp
on Beaver Creek last evening. The rustlers
resisted arrest and fired upon the officers.
Their shots were returned and a spirited
fight was kept up for several minutes in
which two of the rustlers, John Timnis
and Hank Thompson of Powder Hiver,
were killed. A third rustler, who was
wounded, was secured. The officers
escaped from the light uninjured.
THE RUSH FOR
THE NEW BONDS.
Last Day for First Pay
ment of 20 Per Cent
Expires.
SHARP SYNDICATE MOVE
Morgan Pays Full Purchase
Money to Catch Defaulting
Bidders' Bonds.
EXCITING SCENES IN NEW YORK
The Sub-Treasury Coinroom Packed
to Suffocation With Eager
Purchasers.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Feb. 15.— With
the close of to-day the last day expired in
which the first payment of 20 per cent can
be made on the new bonds. The total pay
ments as reported to the treasury to date
aggregated $62,989,946, or more than 50
per cent of the total issue.
The Morgan syndicate paid in all its
purchase money to-day with the object in
view of catching any defaulting bidders'
bonds, to which they are entitled under
their blanket bid of 110.6877 for $100,000,000
or any part thereof. How many bidders
defaulted and in what amounts and who
they are, will not be known at the treasury
until Monday or Tuesday next.
The difference in standard time made
the hour at which bidders could pay for
their bonds, reckoning from East to West,
three honrs later than New York time at
San Francisco and one hour later at
Chicasro and St. Louis.
At the clese of business to-day the
treasury gold reserve, with to-day's de
posits at New York excluded, stood at
$77,132,863. Since January 6, when Secre
tary Carlisle invited bids for the new bond
issue to date, $27,452,854 in gold has been
withdrawn from the treasury. Of this
amount $0,404,032 is reported as having
been withdrawn for export, and the
balance of $18,000,000 was withdrawn pre
sumably to pay for bonds. It is stated
from reliable New York advices that the
firm of Zimmerman &. Forshay alone have
withdrawn $5,851,633.
The following official table prepared by
the treasury gives the withdrawals by days
since January fi, 1896: January 6, $181,412;
January 7, $3,330,284; January 8, $453,62u;
January 9, $276,118; January 10, $1,642,781;
January 11, $67,788; January 13, $689,241;
January 14, $1,300,033; January 15, $424,040;
January 16, 5181,625; January 17. 51,117,116;
January 18, $68,510: January 20, $250,226;
January 21. ?t>B7,9£W; January 22, $250,779 ;
January 23, $275,250; January 24, $228,023;
January 25, $82,976; Janjary 27, $172,011;
January 28, $142,361; January 29, $168,092;
January 30, $249,006; January 31, $695,645;
February 1. $139,610: February 3, $1,234,
--935; February 4, $634,355; February 5,
$573,486; February 6, $1,123,442; Febnrary
7, $734,284; February 8, $124,993; February
10, $2,387,492; February 11. $961,496; Feb
ruary 12, $18,700; February 13, $1,785,771;
February 14, $2,603,417; February 15,
$200,000.
The treasury is prepared io deliver the
bonds as rapidly as called for.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 10.-To-day
was the last day for the first installment
on the new $100,000,000 4 per cents of 1925
just allotted by the Government. The
Sub-Treasury in consequence was jammed
by bond purchasers and it was almost im
possible to get into the coinroom. Assist
ant Treasurer Jordan gave notice at an
early hour that he would close the Sub-
Treasury doors at 1 o'clock sharp and that
no one would be permitted to enter after
that hour.
Another batch of $4,000,000 of the new
bonds arrived here to-day, making a total
of $S : 000.000 thus far received. Trans
actions on the board in the bonds were
heavy and one lot of $.507,000 sold at 115%.
The Hanover National Bank this morn
ing deposited $1,000,000 on bond account,
making the total since February 8, $38,613,
--991. Zimmerman & Forshay withdrew
$100,000, making tho total withdrawals
from February 8, $6,368,800.
A Boston special states that William
Graves of New Yoric yesterday sold his
option to take $4,500,000 new Governments
at 115.3391 to the City National Bank for
$30,000.
It is stated that the deposits of cold at
the Sub-Treasury and the National Bank
depositories amount to over $55,000,000.
Premiums on gold to-day were nominally
% to H per cent. Greenbacks were 1-16
bid, offered at y s per cent.
Wnen the doors of the Sub-Treasury
were closed at 1 o'clock Assistant Treas
urer Jordan announced that no new busi
ness would be done to-day. He said that
if it was found that any of the bond
bidders had made gold payments not up
to the amount required, arrangements
would be made for them to complete pay
ments later on.
It was announced to-day on high author
ity that Mr. Morgan's recent visit toWash
ington was for the purpose of consulting
with Secretary Carlisle in regard to de
faults of bidders. It was arranged that
Mr. Morgan should buy all the bonds not
taken by bidders at the same figure
(110.5877) paid by the Morgan syndicate.
The total amount of gold received by
the Sub-Treasury and the National Bank
depositories on bond account up to 1
o'clock to-day was $41,187,321. Of this
amount $3,373, 331 was turned into the Sub-
Treasury to-day.
William L. Graves, who was awarded
$4,500,000 of the bonds at 115.31. did not
pay in the 20 per cent installment on
them at the Sub-Treasury, and it is sup
posed he will lose the bonds. He was in
Washington, to-day, it is said, to ask for
an extension of time.
THROWING HIGH EXPLOSIVES.
(Secretary Herbert A»k» an Appropria
tion to Make Tests.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.— The
Speaker laid before the House to-day a
communication from Secretary Herbert re
questing an appropriation of $50,000 to
enable the Navy Department to test meth
ods of throwing high explosives from puns
on board & ship with ordinary velocities.
Recommending the allowance, Secretary
Herbert says that it is very desirable to
secure a safe method of throwing large
charges of high explosives, carrying safely
the necessary detonating compound at the
i ordinary velocities obtained in powder
guns. Methods have been presented, he
says, which can oniy be tested under spe
cial authority.
The Speaker also laid before the House
an estimate of an appropriation of $200,000
submitted by the Secretary of the Interior
as necessary to continue the survey of the
lands of the five civilized tribes in the
Indian Territory.
CARS RUM DOWN THE GRADE.
Thrilling Ride of Passengers on an Elec
tric Una at Butte, Mon
tana.
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 15.— A frightful ac
cident was miraculously averted on a
streetcar line here at 6 o'clock this even
ing. Two electric orecars, heavily loaded,
pot beyond the control of the motorman
at the top of a steep two-mile grade and
rushed down at lightning velocity. A
passenger-car was coming up, but luckily
the motorman of the latter saw the run
away in time to reverse his car, and a run
for life began. The orecar overtook the
passenger-car in a few minutes, but the
collision was slight and both cars remained
on the track.
The cars now fairly flew over the track;
down the grade, around curves, over
bridges and high embankments they went.
Crowds of people watched from eveiy
point, every moment expecting to see the
cars leave the track and crush the passen
gers to death. At the foot of the long
grade, however, the ore car jumped the
track, throwing the motorman, Joe Nel
son, forward into the passenger car, break
ing his left leg in three places. He was the
only person seriously injured. The pas
senger car was soon stopped, the people in
it escaping with a bad scare and shaking
up. Superintendent Watchey, who was
on the ore car, was slightly injured while
climbing into the passenger car during the
flight down grade.
DEATH ENDS HIS MISERY.
Strange Suicide of the Son of a
Prominent Railroad
President.
Failing Health and Eyesight Cause
the Youth to Leave College and
Give Up in Despair.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 15. — William
Hughett, 22 years old, the youngest son of
Marvin J. Hughett, president of the Chi
cago and Northwesten Railroad Company,
committed suicide this afternoon in his
room of the family mansion, 2828 Prairie
avenue, by shooting a bul let from a 44
--caliber revolver into his temple, tearing
away a large part of his head.
The young man had been a close student
at the University of Wisconsin, Madison,
taking the law course with every promise
of graduating with honors, when he in
tended to go to Columbia University.
He was compelled to leave college two
weeks ago under medical orders on ac
count of severe blinding pains in his head
and weak eyes. Since returning home he
has been confined to his room and ap
peared despondent as well as in bad
physical health. To these causes hia un
timely end is attributed.
His mother went to his room at 7:30 this
morning and asked if he wanted anything
and how he felt. He replied that he felt
better and wanted nothing to eat. At 11
o'clock Mrs. Hughett returned to her sou's
room and repeated her solicitous inquiry,
but he refused to eat. Shortly after 1
o'clock every member of the household
present was startled by the noise of a
shot and ail rushed to William's room.
The door was locked and the coachman
forced it open, the family was horrified
to see the bleeding body of young Hughett
stretched on the floor, and life was ex
tinct. The revolver lay by his side, show
ing that the suicide bad arisen from bed
and locked the door, then put an end to
his mental and physical sufferings. The
police were notified by the family doctor,
and a brief inquest was held by Deputy Cor
oner O'Brien at the family residence. The
jury found that deceased had committed
suicide while temporarily insane.
The funeral services will be held next
Tuesday. The Hughett family consisted
of five children besides the parents, Mar
vin J. Hughett Jr. being assistant general
freight agent of the Northwestern Rail
road. Preside it Hughett is as well known
as any railroad president in the country,
and his wealth is estimated at $10,000,000.
The family is distracted with griet over
the sad occurrence.
DAMAGED J3Y J?IREB.
Considerable Loss Hustaind by Several
Eastern Establishment*.
CAAIDEN, N. J., Feb. 15.— The oilcloth
manufacturing plant of the Farr and
Baily Company was damaged by fire to
day to the extent of $60,000; fully covered
by insurance.
"PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 15.— The
stock of mustard and spices in the whole
sale house of J. E. Burns & Co. was dam
aged $50,000 by fire this evening.
Mexican Cartcorhs Iturned,.
CIUDAD PORFIRIO DIAZ, Mkx., Feb.
15. — The large machine shops and car
works of the Mexican International road
in this city were completely destroyed by
fire this morning. The costly machinery,
several engines and cars, together with the
new electric light plant were destroyed.
The losa is estimated at $150,000.
Xo I Usability Attached.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15.-The stew
ards of the Jockey Club held a meeting at
12 o'clock. There were present August
Belmont, James R. Keene, Andrew Miller
and F. G. Sturgis. The following decision
was rendered: "In the matter of entries
made by Foster Bros, of the horses Dr.
Rice, Elroy and Sullross, tne stewards
upon investigation find that there is no
disability attached to these horses and
that they are qualified to be entered and
run on courses under the jurisdiction of
the Jockey Club."
Two Records Broken.
COROXADO, Cal., Feb. 15.— C. S. Wells
of the Syracuse racing team, paced by a
sextuplet, broke the three-quarter mile
world's record with a flying 6tart. Time,
1:15 2-5. Also the mile in class B. Time,
1 :41 4-5.
Tired
ffervous women, with aching heads and
weary limbs, will find a course of Hood's
Barsaparilla gives pure blood, a good ap-
petite and renewed strength.
Sarsaparilla
the One True Blood Purifier. Ail druggists, $1.
H t\nf\ Pi 1 1 « ; RCt harmoniously with
ilOOa S flllb Hood's a&rsap&rilla.
THE SLAUGHTER
OF THE SEALS.
Important Bill Before the
Senate Foreign Rela
tions Committee.
AIMS TO STOP POACHING.
Measures Considered for the Pro
tection Against Barbaric
Practices.
FAVORABLE REPORT EXPECTED.
Could Not Agree on a Subsidy for
a Cable to Hawaii and
Japan.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.— The
Benate Committee on Foreign Relations
has given a great deal of consideration to
the bill before it providing for the pro
tection of the fur-seal herds and the
best means of preventing pelagic sealing,
and stopping tlie brutal slaughter now
being carried on by Canadian sealers.
Ail the members of the committee were
present to-day except Mr. Morgan, and
owing to his absence final action was not
taken. The discussion disclosed the fact,
however, that the committee was in favor
of the bill, and would so report to the
Senate.
It is manifest to the committee that
Great Britain wili not consent to an
amendment of the regulations heretofore
agreed upon, and that nothing can be done
to prevent the slaughter that has been eo
ing on for years. "Without the assistance
of Great Britain in policing the waters of
the Northern Pacific, the committee be
lieves the United States will be unable to
prevent the following of indiscriminate
slaughter and ultimate total destruction of
the herd.
The only thing that remains to be done,
from the point of view of the committee,
is to end the trouble by wining out its
cause, unless Great Britain enters into
an arrangement with this Government that
will effectually stop illegal sealing and
protect the herds, instead of affording a
cloak under which to carry on flagrant
violations of the law.
The bill authorizes the President to
conclude negotiations with Great Britain,
Russia and Japan for the appointment of
a commission to investigate the present
condition of the seal herds, the present
metnods of slaughtering them, and to con
sider what further regulations are neces
sary for its preservation.
The committee also discussed the various
bills before it providing for the construc
tion of a telegraphic cable between this
country and Hawaii and Japan. The
judgment of the majority of the commit
tee is favorable to a proposition of this
character, but there has been no crystal!!
zation cf sentiment upon any particular
bill.
General Lew "Wallace and James Whit
comb Riley will sr*?ak at the dinner of the
Loyal Legion, in Indianapolis, in the cele
bration of Lincoln's birtnday. February 12.
MEW TO-DAY:
"A BIQ BARGAIN CHIP. "PEACHES."
Special No. a.
A AJrEtß^ T Li
SSisrlr^H Icac n c s
*^" ' — — "^"i /^^^ To illustrate
1 ■ ■ • ' 'what we can do
In our Cann?d Good 9 Department, here is a special
for this week, selected at random, tne popular
Code, Elfelr «fc Co. brand: opens beautifully; ripe,
yellow und juicy; in large firm halves; extra
heavy syrup. Doubt if better ever came out of a
can. Ke^ular $1 60 dozen.
This Week Only, 10c tin.
Open for inspection.
&& nHaM . (2S& week and "see the
£*v DLLD Ai± wonderful rnonev-
Xl rPI" tf *& saving power we
£fe I Li ■■ I /sf\ offer you in our
Cv "Specials" and all
THIS WEEK OM, Feb. 17th io 224
Dark Winter Underskirrs for ladies 35c
Yard-wide Family Muslin, standard make... 5c
Trousers, everything up to $2, closing 9\ 00
Blankets, California wool, gray. 6 lbs $- 45
Fluffy Cottou Vats, big rolls, best 15c
Embroidery, was 10c and worth it :...... 3c
B. <fcH. Celebrated $4 Button .Shoes f 2 00
Molasses, Open Kettle, New Orleans, again.. 76c
Table Peaches, ripe and luscious 10c
Cootcies, equal to your grandmothers' 10c
Coffee, that grand Aureola bisnd 20c
Sweet Cider, for mince pies, quarts ISc
Wash Blue, Fidelity, price cut in two 10c
Keene's Knglish Blue. 5 blocks 6c
Hams, Eastern, guaranteed, our brand 12%0
Pitted Plum, used to bring 4c
Beehives, enough for everybody 90c
Soup, Babbitt's best. 24 bars... $100
your iii on w \ i @@©@©©©@©
but want to £9 aiiivii ai (m 9
s3"f?xS oIHI Ino i
estly. >ouK) illWHi Fill
need Finezjk V 111 II 1 1 V (*±
Goods. The vs' J7
door, are@©@©@©@@@
opt* n from 7
A. M. to 5:30 p. M. at the Big Department
Store, 414, 416, 418 Front st.. S. F., I.-l.
A DELIGHTFUL HOME.
St. Joseph's Sanitarium.
fpHIS INSTITUTION IS UNDER THE MAN-
J. agement of the Sisters of Mercy. Invalids re-
ceive the best of care and fine rooms at reasonable
rates. Persons of old age. without reference to
creed or nationality, may serure a home for Ufa
including care and , medical attendance during
sickness by the payment of from one to two
thousand dollars. Each person is provided with a
private room. Climate unsurpassed, being free
from extremes of beat and cold. Sixth street and
University avenue, San Diego, Cal. -
DBIIOUPO rOB BARBERS, BAK-
n&lBI&l l lB a A <>n ' bootblacks, bath-
UllvVllbwhogtet, billiard- tani»>i,
brew«rs, i bookblndera, • candy.makers, cannars.
Crtn, flourmills, foundries, laundries, pap*r>
bangen, printers, painters, shoe factories, atabl*>
: ■aec tax-roofers, tanners, tailora, etc
. ir BUCHANAN BROS.; .
Broth MauurßCturer&.6oß ram«nto3t*NOT GREATER
THAN CONGRESS.
Federal Officers Who Have!
Disregarded All the
Laws.
MORTON AND BOWLER.
Censure for the Disobedient Acts
of the Secretary and the
Comptroller.
STATESMEN APPLY THE LASH.
Public Servants Who Must Obey the
Legislative Mandates or Be
Impeached.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.-The
consideration of the agricultural appro
priation bill to-day gave opportunity for
the revival of the attacks upon Secretary
Morton of tne Agricultural Department,
begun by Senator Vest in the other branch
of Congress, for refusing to execute the
purpose of Congress to distribute seeds
among the farmers of the country. The
more bitter speeches were made by Demo
crats — Moses and Livingston of Georgia
and Boatner of Louisiana. Boatner and
Livingston included Comptroller Bowler
in their scathing denunciations, and in
sisted that the time had come when it was
necessary that the line between the legis
lative and executive departments of the
Government should be definitely and
finally settled. Livingston said that he
was willing that the legislative branch
eho uld be required to attend to its busi
ness and he wanted the executive branch
to learn to attend to its business.
When the House adjourned at 5 o'clock
the agricultural bill was pending.
Hill (K.) of lowa, chairman of the Com
mittee on Military Affairs, lilec the views
of the minority of the committee upon
the bill to place General Alexander Webb
on the retired list of the army.
ite amendments to the following
bills were agreed to:
Incorporating the Daughters of the Rev
olution; granting a year's absence to set
n the Yankton, Sioux and Sisseton
and Wahpeton reservations in South Da
authorizing the lease of university
- b< ol lands of Arizona.
On motion of Ray of New York
the Judiciary Committee's substitute
for Boatner's resolution regarding the re
fusal of Comptroller Bower to certify the
sugar bounty claims for payment was
passed. It reads:
(d, That the Committee on the Judi
ciary be and hereby is authorized and directed
.<_• condition of the law sub
• the right of the executive officers of the
Government in the several departments ]
: to refuse to enforce, execute or comply
w.;h the provision* of any aci of the Congress
United Mates on the ground of its al
leged uncoastitiiiionftlity or for other reasons,
end to report to the House by bill or otherwise.
Ray explained that the question was one
of great importance. If the power existed
certain executive officers might set at de
llance the laws of Congress approved by
the chief executive of che Nation. On
the other hand, it might be urged that the
power should rest with those officers to
stay, pending a judicial determination in
the courts, the execution of a law of Con
press prima facie valid and constitutional.
Recent discussion by those learned in the
law had disclosed a wide difference of
opinion as to what the law is or as to what
it ought to be. Without expressing any
opinion as to what the law was or as to
what it ought to be, the committee was of
the opinion that the condition of the law
upon this subject ought to be looked into
and that such investigation might suggest
proper legislation on the subject. The
committee did not deem it wise or proper
that the investigation should be directed
to any particular officer, act or depart
ment.
Terry (D.) of Arkansas said he was not
in sympathy with the uiterior object
sought to be secured by the resolution,
believing that an executive officer enforced
an unconstitutional law at his peril. How
ever, if the House thought the committee
thouid enter into an inquiry into the law
upon the subject he should not object.
After the passage of a few unimportant
billsMeCall (R.) of Tennessee, from the
Committee on Accounts, reported the reso
lation authorizing the Committee on Ways
and Means to investigate the workings of
reciprocity treaties.
In the form in which it was presented
the resolution met the objection of Crisp
(D.) of Georgia as not approved matter, a
proposition which Speaker, after some ar
gument, sustained. The resolution was
withdrawn.
Lacey (R.) of lowa called up the bill pre
pared in pursuance of the message of the
President requesting legislation to extend
the period within which suits may be
begun to annul land patents. By agree
ment the bill went over till the agricul
tural appropriation bill shall be disposed of.
(.rosvenor (R.) of Ohio presented the
petition of 8652 members of the G. A. R.
{■raying for a graded service pension law.
'i he House then went into committee of
the whole upon the agricultural appro
priations.
Willis (R.) of Delaware stated that the
biil carried a total appropriation of $3,158,
--192, which was $145,358 less than the total
of the bill for the current year.
"I believe," he said, "that the bill will
rueet your approval untjl you come to the
seed distribution paragraph, and that, I
have no doubt, you will be able to manage
to the satisfaction of men and angels."
Pickler (R.) of South Datota asked if
there was anything in the bill different
from that of the current year, intended to
compel ihe Secretary of Agriculture todis
tninite seed as desired by .Congress. Had
the committee any assurance that the Sec
retary who defied the law of 1895-96 would
Dot defy the law for 1896-97?
Wadsworth (It.) of Mew York, chairman
of the committee, said there was no change
in the law, and no such assurance as the
gentleman suggested had been given.
Baker (R.) of New Hampshire, whose
controversy last summer with Secretary
Morton over the refusal of the latter to dis
tribute seed in accordance with the appio
priation law nnd the intention and desire
of Congress was exploited at the time, ad
dressed the committee for half an hour.
He asserted that there* was absolutely
nothing in the opinion of the Attorney-
General, upon which the Secretary of Agri
culture said lie based liis action, to war
rant that official in refusing to execute the
law of Congress in the matter.
Moses (D.) of Georgia followed Baker in
denunciation of the course of the Secre
tary of Agriculture. He said it did not
make much difference what kind of an
appropriation was made if the will of the
House was not to be the law of the iand.
The danger to American institutions, ho
said, was not mat the representatives of
the people failed to carry out their will,
but that some other power, after the rep
resentatives of the people had expressed
the will of their constituencies, nullified
that expression by neglecting or refusing
to carry out the law.
Boatner (D.) of Louisiana was the next
to attack the Secretary. His manner ex
pressed the deep indignation which he
j said he felt over the fact that the refusal
of the Secretary of Agriculture to expend
the seed appropriation made by the last
Congress was based upon a sort of false
pretense.
"Antecedent to his decision that under
the terms of the law he was not author
ized to expend the appropriation," said
Boatner, "there emanated from the Agri
cultural Department reports derogatory
and discrediting to the Congress of the
United States. The individual who has
found his way into the Agricultural -De
partment under this administration (laugh
ter) considered it not inconsistent with the
dignity of his position to allow reports to
go out through the press, scattered broad
cast through the Union, that he had dis
cover, d great frauds and abuses in the
distribution by members of the seeds al
lotted to them under existing laws. I do
not know whether these statements were
true or false, but I do know and T assert
that the publication of any such scandalous
charges against a body of gentlemen with
out the designation of the names of the
individuals who 1 ad been found so small
and so corrupt and so unfit for the posi
tions that they occupied was not only an
insult to the Congress of the United States,
but a cowardly attack that was inconsist
j ent with the dignity of any man who occu
j pied a cabinet position. [Applause.] It
i seems to me, Mr. Chairman, however
small and obscure any individual might
be, if by chance under executive favor
he was raised to the high position of a
cabinet officer the mere fact of his eleva
tion ought to raise him above any such
contemptible and cowardly littleness.
[Applause.] For one, as a member of the
Fifty-third Congress, I resent and de
nounce as an infamous slander the asser
tion that that body as a body, or the
preceding Congress of which I was a mem
ber, were addicted to the sale of seeds
which were allotted to them for distribu
tion among their constituents."
Ray (R.) of New York said: "Does not
the gentleman know the fact that the hard
heart of the Secretary of Agriculture has
relented, and that out of the abundance of
his heart — and of the appropriation — he is
about to make the most generous distribu
tion? I received a letter this week from
the Secretary of Agriculture announcing
10 me that he had complied with the law;
tl.at he had made an apportionment under
the appropriation act of seeds, plants and
bulbs, and that the pro rata coming to me
for my district of liW.OOO people would
be fifteen grape seeds and twenty-five
strawberry plants." [Laughter.]
Boatner — Justice to the Secretary of
Agriculture requires that that admission
should be made. 1 received a similar let
ter, advising me that there were forty
grape cuttings and 1(30 strawberry plants
at my disposal for distribution in my dis
trict. I supposed the Secretary had
found some rare kind of grapes. The
refusal by the Secretary of Agri
culture to execute the law to
expend the appropriation was in deliberate
contempt of the authority of the Congress
of the United States. I so construed it;
and for one, as a member of Congress, I am
tired— l am absolutely tired — of having
this body brought into discredit and its
authority despised by a mere executive
officer. Why, it has sot down to that
point that a mere subordinate, a man who
is Known as Comptroller of the Treasury
(laughter) declares an act of Congress un
constitutional, and refuses his royal assent
to its execution. (Laughter and applause.)
It has come to that point that a second
veto power has been discovered — that while
Congress may pass a law which, if the
President veto, it would be passed over his
veto, that a clerk in the Treasury Depart
ment (snapping his fingers) may turn it
down, to that the parties who are inter
ested have to go to the courts and show
thatttiis law is constitutional. I repeat
that this refusal on the part of the Secre
tary of Agriculture to expend tnis appro
priation is in contempt of the authority of
this body ; that it is one of the very small
est economies, and that it takes away from
a large class of our people the only thing
which connects them with the Govern
ment. (Applause.)
Livingston (D.) of Georgia followed in
the same line, but first criticized the Com
missioner of Agriculture, whom he said
the House and the country would hold re
sponsible for the conduct of the Depart
ment of Agriculture. Referring to the
construction of the bill, he said:
"You come back into this House witi:
the same verbiage in your bill us ambigu
ous as Mr. Morton or anybody else would
like to have it. I have no excuse to offer
for Mr. Morton, and I want it distinctly
understood that he has gone a long way
and certainly stretched his conscience and
stretched the constitution and the law a
great deal more when he refused to expend
that money as the Plouse directed."
Ray (R.)*of New York— After March 4.
1897, we propose to have a Republican Sec
retary of Agriculture, who will carry out
the law as written on the statute book 9.
Livingston— Well, let the gentleman take
heed that his party does have such a
Secretary. Put a man there who knows
how to clean the mud off hia own boots, j
how to manage a farm, how to work a
farm — and not B. politician, a man who
goes over the country singing either gold
bugism or silverisin. [Applause.] Give
us a man who is not a scientific man, but a
practical man; above all, a man who is in
touch with the people who draw a line
over a mule and plow from Monday morn
ing until Saturday noon, and then unhitch
tno mule, put a saddle on top of him and
rile ten miles to get their mail. When
such a man receives a few papers of seeds
through the mail he goes home rejoicing
In the fact, saying to himself, "I am a citi
zen of a great country and 1 am not for
gotten, though ever so humble."
In conclusion Livingston said: "Mr.
Chairman, I want to see this committee
take hold of this bill and change and
amend it as it ought to be changed and
amended, so that in the first place it will
add to the business for whicn it was
created, and not be for the benefit of the
politicians, but of all the people who farm
the land and till the soil. In the second
place, I want to see it take the bill and
amend it so that the servants — and Morton
is nothing but a servant, and I want him
to understand that I said it — to see that
our servant, the Secretary of Aciiculture,
obeys the will of the House, or we will im
peach him or do worse. [Applause.]
"Now tliis country has just about got to
this point: There are three branches of
the Government and I am perfectly will
ing to see that the legislative department
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
attends to its own business, but, so help
me God, I am determined that the other
departments of the Government shall at
tend to their own business and let us
alone. [Applause.] And we will draw
the line and have it distinctly understood
that this is a republican form of govern
ment and is not under the control of a
Comptroller of the Treasury or of the Secre
tary of Agriculture, and that they cannot
undertake to construe laws made by the
House of Representatives." [Applause.]
At the conclusion o! Livingston's re
marks, which closed general debate on the
bill, the committee rose and at 5 p. m., on
motion of Wadsworth (R.) of New York,
adjourned until Monday.
PLOWMAKERS WIN OUT.
Mcßride Loses the Suit to Pre
vent Infringements on
His Patent.
Decision Rendered in One of the Most
Important Cases Ever Tried
in lowa.
DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 15.-In the
Federal Court to-day Judge John S. Wool
son decided one of the most important
cases ever tried in lowa. It is the suit of
John Mcßride vs. Kingman & Co. et al.
Mcßride was the first patentee of a riding
plow and he sued all the important con
cerns in the country which are manufac
turing the plows for infringement. Among
the leading defendants are Kingman & Co.
and E. M. Galbraith of Peoria, the Weir
Plow Company, H. H. Sickles & Co., the
John Deere Plow Company, the Moline
Plow Company, James Ainsworth, John
S. Bonbright, George W. Randall, Adam
Dickey and the Norwegian Plow Com
pany.
The trial was held here last fall and ex
pert patent attorneys from all over the
country were engaged for ten days in it.
Samples of every riding plow made in
the country were exhibited in the court
room to prove that their essential features
were copied after the idea patented by Mc-
Bride.
The court holds for the defendants on
the ground that the ideas of Mcßride were
crude and undeveloped, while those used
by the defendants are vastly improved and
more practical. Mcßride especially claims
to have invented the flexible axle by
which the plowshare could be raised and
lowered by the operator without leaving
his seat. The court holds that the idea as
patented was not practicable, and could
not have been used.
Mcßride aslJed heavy damages for the
infringements, and is overruled. The case
will be appealed to the court of last re
sort.
AX EXFLOSIOy OF GASOLIXjE.
Sleeping- Cars liatntiged by the Carelets-
ness of Cleaner*.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 15.— A violent
explosion of gasoline took place at 11:45
to-day in the sleeping-car Wyndham in
the yards of the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company, near Union station. There
were no >assengers in the car at the time,
it being in th-e hands of the cleaners. Two
women, Mrs. Foss and Miss Conroy, and
the car porter were at work at the time.
The women were cleaning the carpet of
the car and were using gasoline for the
purpose. In some way the gasoline be
came ignited and the explosion followed.
The three occupants were hurled the
length of the car and were unconscious
when found. They were all badly hurt.
The car itself was badly damaged. In
front it is almost a wreck above the trucks.
The sides were bulged out and the roof
lifted. Every window was shattered and
the doors were blown from their hinges.
The sleeping-cars Zita and New Eng
land, which were standing on either side
of the Wyndham, were both badly dam
aged.
RIVER AJSJ) U ARBOR WORK.
Sleeting of the Californiana Sent to the
Xntional Capital.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.— The
committee-room of Representative Loud
was the scene this morning of an enthus
iastic meeting of more than a dozen Cali
fornians. All the members of the Cali
fornia delegation in Congress, including
the two Senators, were present, as were
also H. J. Corcoran of Stockton, William
Johnson of Courtland, Dr. J. T. McLean
of Alameda, E. McGettigan of Vallejo, W.
T. Colter of San Jose and Mr. Greaves of
Redding.
The six gentlemen named are the dele
gates selected at a convention called in
California in December to seek Govern
mental aid in improving the Sacramento
and San Joaquin Rivers and their tribu
taries, as well as the harbors of San
Francisco, Oakland and Vallejo. It is the
intention, if possible, to secure appropria
tions for building jetties and dredging the
rivers and to improve the harbors on the
plans designed by the United States en
gineers.
The meeting this morning was called to
talk over the situation and to arrange a
programme which will be followed when a
hearing is given to the Californians by the
River and Harbor Committee of the
House.
AFTBR WAMOXD SMUGGLERS.
Customs Officers Arrest Herman Krck
Upon Arrival.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15.-When the
North German Lloyd steamship Aller
drew up to her dock in Hoboken last
night there were almost as many special
United States customs officers waiting for
her as there were passengers in her first
cabin.
They arrested Herman Keck of the Cos
ternians-Henreichs-Keck Diamond Cut
ting Company of Cincinnati, who was sus
pected of smuggling diamonds, and also a
Cincinnati lawyer named Jones, who met
and spoke to Keck, but notning could be
found about either man of a suspicious
character, so they were released. The
search was made on account of the seizure
of $20,000 worth of diamonds in the posses
sion of the captain of the Rhynland at
Philadelphia several days ago.
Marines Sent to Seoul.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.—Noth
ing has been heard at the State Depart
ment about the condition of affairs at
Seoul, Korea. The report from Yokohama
that United States marines have been
sent to Seoul has not been confirmed to
the Navy Department. The gunboat Ma
chias is at Clemulpo, the nort of Seoul,
and marines sent to the Korean capital
would come from that vessel.
Soh Kwanq Pom, the new Korean Min
ister, arrived in Washington this after
noon.
Purchased for Mrs. Sprague.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.— The
property known as Edgewood, the Wash
ington home for many years of the late
Chief Justice Chase, has been purchased
by subscriptions among the friend| of Mrs.
Kate Chase Sprague, who intend to hold it
in trust for her, and upon opportunity for
its sale, to present the proceeds to admin
istrators for Mrs. Sprague's use. At public
sale a year ago the property brought
$46,954, which was only the amount of
mortgage upon it.
y y y^ a
||| Lively
V v V
A. A. A.
Four years old.
How time passes.
On Saturday, the 22d, it will
be just four years since the big >h|
store opened its big Kearny f« B"
street establishment and gave to
the people of San Francisco for
the first time an opportunity of '.
buying the finest grades of goods w- '
at prices that -were right; gave IL/ jT% fM '&&
'em an opportunity of selecting || tL &M v
from the largest assortment ever
shown west of New York ; gave
'em a perfect establishment .
where all their comforts, where
all the smallest details as tend j^^k tS -^ fi
to their comforts were studied. H ffl k fIH ?
It will be just four years on JL •
Saturday, and our competitors,
when we opened, gave us but \f V V :
six months, and here we are, \r y f
four years old and an awfully jf jf S£
healthy baby, enjoying the milk /C #C if
and cream of the trade, and it £i M^ if
only took us four years to sweep J£ V >■•-<#
the town from stem to stern. \% J'> \w
Sf V A
We have won a place in the
people's hearts, we have wound
ourselves around the people's
hearts, we have their good will
to such an extent that there's
only one place in all Frisco and
that's the big store. They have
been treated right ; they have
rewarded us with their patron-
age, and we will continue to
merit it ; notwithstanding that
our competitors, when we open-
ed, only gave us six months.
They have proven themselves
enemies to you in the commer-
cial way, for they have tried to
satisfy their own end ; tried to
drive out other competitors by
calling San Francisco, in New
York City, a "jay town" to open
a big store in, and you don't
have to go far from our store to
find the man that uttered it.
But San Francisco ain't a "jay
town" when it has supported
such a big institution as your
big and favorite house, run by
the Frisco boys, on Kearny
street.
We're awfully thankful to you,
and as this is anniversary week
with us, we'll show our thanks
to you in a very substantial way.
(INCORPORATED).
9; 11, 13, 15 Kearny Street
NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
One that has made
things hum, and will
continue to make'em
hum, and hum in your
interests.
Those that want to
be in the race for
your trade will have
to name lower prices
than we, and that,
you know full well,
we'll never allow.
The highest charac-
ter of goods and the
largest assortment
will always be found
at the big store as
well as the tiniest of
tiny prices.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED),
FRISCO'S BIGGEST ANI6
MOST POPULAR STORE.
To show fully our apprecia-
tion of the large patronage given
the big store we have concluded
to continue our $9 Sale and
change its name from Challenge
to an Anniversary Sale.
It is a challenge because there
are no other houses in San Fran-
cisco that will produce like Suits,
like Overcoats, like garments,
as high in character, as new in
style, under $18.
In the picture above we show
an awfully clever Cutaway ; tai-
lors can't make a handsomer
garment. We show it in Black
Clay Worsteds, in fine Gray
Clay Worsteds and small, neat
figured effects ; also in fine Blue
and Black Cheviots. The same
in Single-Breasted Sacks ; the
same in Double -Breasted Sacks,
high-class tailor-made garments.
Anniversary Week price,
-$9.00—
While we state it will be An-
niversary Week price, we do not
guarantee to be able to show a
large assortment other than that
from day to day, as the big store
has been crowded ever since it
inaugurated the Challenge Sale,
and we deem it our duty to show
you our appreciation of the trade
given us in the last four years,
so therefore, would advise of
you to call early.
INCORPORATED^.
TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS.
■
The figure 9 has played an
important part in the year '9P>
with us. The most phenomenal
February business ever done ;
remarked and talked of in the
club, in the drawing-room, in
the household, at the fireside,
wherever people congregate, the
$9 sale is the topic of conver-
sation.
Q
Above we show the clever
Overcoat that's made such a hit
during this sale.
It's made from those fine
English Kerseys, in blues,
blacks, browns, tans ; clever
garments ; also some very clever
Spring weight Overcoats, in the
English Top Coat style ; all
clever garments ; their equal
cannot be produced in this town
under $18. Tailors can't make
'em better.
Anniversary Week price,
—$9.00—
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
9, 11, 13, 15 Kearny Street
34
LATEST GOSSIP
FROM GOTHAM.
Tammany Hall Approves of
Hie Leadership of
Sheehan.
CROKER YET IN THE SET.
Edison Preparing to Make Further
Discoveries in Modern
Photography.
ROENTGEN'S THEORIES CORRECT
Crusade of thoTolico Against Confcc*
lions Thai Contain Intoxicat
ing Liquors.
n r\v YORK, N. V., feb. lf».-Govornor
Morton entertained a distinguished com
pany o< guests at thn oxocutivo mansion
In Albany last eveningi Never lv (ho his
tory «'i tho sxeoutivo mansion lias such a
oomt>any «>f politloal leaders been brought
together within its hospitable wall ■ In
tho company were Mveral aspirants for
tin' gubernatorial iiouunatlon as well us
andldates lor th" ofll< ■• ol llnltod siai;-s
Benator loYiiccecd David H. 11 ill.
riii' guests Included ex-Senator Thomas
('. riaii, Chaunoej M, Depew, General
Horace Voitor, Cornelius N. Bliss, Sen>
alora llUcock and Miller aud Charles \V.
lUckotU
'rim \t iii nor wns altogether of an Infoi
lnai nature aud <iid much to bind more
oloeel) together tiio Republican loaders.
Tho rxocutlvo committee of Tammany
Jinii last night -it ■ mooting passed s
uuanitnoua vote o1 conlldcnce in the lead*
ershlp of John C. Hhrehan< There is
great Faction among tho Tammany
nun, now t hnt the question ol leadership
is M-ttlrd. v.Mi. Richard Crokcir was
rlrotrii mi honorary nieniboi ol the cxci v
tive 1 ommltteoa
Thomas A. Bdison announced at hii
laboratory in \V«it Orange, n. J., tan
eveninc, thnt within twonty-four hours ho
rvj'r, ; ,i to havo i-nmi'lflt'il niul perfected
the tubes wnh which in- will t> - able to
make ii:ip -.iu>i photographs throughjuiy
eubatanos >>i iuod|utß Uiiokneas except
Mii-i or Iron. Hitherto pictures havo been
produced by the \ rnys only titerexpoi
itr« li>r a considerable, timo. i's!i'i,t:\y
Mr. Kdiaon jtueceeded in getting clearly
dtllnrd m;;\:-<--, of strips of various ruotals
on a fensitliod pint*', tho rays penetrating
a honvy piece of cnrtlboard and n vul
o:»niro>i philc-hohlrr in sc\«m\ soooodt An
eftort was made yestcrvlny io eondthernya
over n tclt'i'h.Mio wire, but it vvaa unsuc
c«s>tul aa hnvo been other txporimanta oi
the inn> oharai
•■ i.i>ri\t:.<n theories neem correct in
every particular,',' laid tho inventor.
"There is« little doubt, il the ';i\ aro ivallv
in other, thnt he has diacoT^rad n new
lore* or energy it) the nua oategor] «s
liiclit. lir.-U and elpctncity."
Tlio polioa bennn yestenlny a crusatio
again»i the >ale oJ cnndiea and confections
whicti contain intoxioatins liijunr. The
action was brought about through » com
plaint mad« to Chiaf Conlln by Mrs.
Francis Lord, president of theXewvYorn
County Woman' i Christian Temperance
Union. Mr.*. Lord informed the Chief
that the >;)!<• of the confection* to children
bad rta>ehad aa alarminn point, and that
the aUnn of tho candies was liable to re
sult in the formation of the aloohol habit.
ChleJ Coulio in\e>tij-:ited MrCLoni's com*
I'iaint and ho now t\aaado »n or more
i\-»^N ><r chocolate-drop* iilled with alleged
whUkyand brandy on iii daak at police
headquarters What he learned in th«
course ol bis lnra«t4jtaUon re*aU«d in an
ordai to the praducl comroandan teiliu};
thaai to aupprvw the sale of the eonftc
tions. After this the daatert who sell the
Mutt will be arrested ior violation ol the
rv. i--. law as they sell without a license.
Juaaa K. Keene, Urn WalUstxcet broktc
and horseman, left here yesterday for a
tnort trip through the Sonth^ in the course
ol which hit will visit '■■■* bre<sliiiij farm.
He has been suftenng from a bad cold amt
the trip is taken in hop*>a of ridding him
ftU o! it.
Jean de UcsrUe, as «h« favorite tenor ol
prand oper». is 1 familiar fiffQT* to lovers
o! music in this country; but «* an accom
p*ulsl' this gitttd slngfr made his tirst
]>uMic. app«annce last night at Urn Metn^
polil.v.\ Opera-Uouse, As t tie curtain fell
on the last act o( "Kanst," bringing the
rt>cntar sv % .bscrip* ion season to a cK>se. UM
lar^ audience lost itself In enthusiasm.
Occupants of stalls and lv»vcs r\^se to their
feel and in the twinklinc of an eye hun«
drts'.s of kid gloves wert> sacrirtced in a
prolon^d volley \>i applause. Some one
oriext "Melba." another "l^e Kc«ke," and
for the ensuing ten minutes the opera
house rang with cheers.
"Home. S«l»'. HomeT' ehouted *onie
mm frwm a side box during * momentary
lull in the enthusiasm, and a thousand
voices re-echoed it, FiaaUy, when the
ttluaUou was e\psain<\l to them. Mmc
McU\» atnl me Da Etemltvt hvirriwl before
the curtain *nd rang as bidden by the pop
•Utt voice. They sang, however, only
tijr«<» »o:«s and ta« worvis "honle, sweet
home," tvwing themselves off the stag* as
tl;e dtsappA>int«d audience veiled fv\r more.
ThoU^ht* h*<l b<><i« turned lixtwn, but
•till the occupant* «t stalls a;ul boxw
itoodtheir swuovt. K«>alial»£th«itt vris
* r*se o{ "mo*l** the ti«K\ >»\^>rs ktaw
fullx* «<x«^«xJ tfte inevitable. The iijihtj
t\*r» turn<sl on, th» r«rta\n waj nine nn
*nvl the SeavUns iu^wlhts of the comp&hy
ha«{e\t a »>ia«o out ujx>n the jtajw> Then
.'<•»•.* a* K*j;ke sch^ hi* MUM Use inssru
ment *tui slmei «heo\>«ninc ciu\r\is o.f
"Howe Hom^V Muse. Mc'.lv.
»tvvd at hi? Mvle anvi L> hU aovNv.ujv»ni»
went >an,« th«oia ba'.Uvi ftv>ti\ be^maing
Att«t th# thirvi act a Ur?<> *>nxt>Kijy> wriiJh
a Uny oarvi, on which twits the WvvrJSs,
"t'rwsa a F«»- Adaurln* Fri«ndjk*? waj
h*:u^t oN^er the fvs>UijiM?. Tvs Mwe.M^ba^
St^feitothe trav*k>y* xstsa wsi rihiv>«s
>»aj ;v *r.i*U |\s«>h K>\ ia which r,rsUevi *
m^tivls A&vl {HNtrU, xrhh«« Kac*. *Kd vur.t
\yarl?.
jg.vc.« m *» *;*> v r vn t» mm .
jt>*pssi*i*i** <«TV«W mm < MH IWh fJk#
!*■»«♦•«»* fVrvw*.
..- - .
withdraw from thr strong position latnly
hold by htm. it la stated tho Abysslnians
aro bow snoamped at avdowa, where they
are waiting an attack. General Baratierl
in reported to have started for Adovvn.
n<>w that all the re-onforcoinonts for
General Baratien have arrived be liuh
under bis Immediate command j 80,000
men, dlvidod into live bii^.tilen, lach ol
which ii commanded by v major-general.
With the exception of North Africa, this
in tho largest army evnr»mil from Kuropo
to thu l'.incic Continent.
CUBANS RECAPTURE MANAGUA.
Now t/ie Spanish Troops Again , Fear an
Attack Upon tho Capita/ City
of Havana.
ni:\v YORK, N. v.. Feb. i'-. a special
to the Herald from Havana February IS,
via Ivoy Wu.sl, Vln., b'obruary 15, Buys:
Tho town oi Managua, iuur loaguoH from
Havana, w:im roattaoked by the iiiHiir
gents yesterday afternoon and captured
nflcr a tight lasting forty minutes.
The (Spanish regulars, fortifying thom
selves in the church, held out an hour
longer. Tho Spanish, volunteer garrison,
however, wont over to tho rebels at the
boglnnlnc; Of tho attack, and to a man
joined the Insurgents with all tho arms
and ammunition at tbeir disposal. .
The Cuban force WM led by Colonel C:iv
tillio ol Cfomes's advance^ who after taking
the church by storm disarmed aad paroled
it defenders. Castilllo was »lightly
wounded during the fight.
Managua is an important mountain re-
BOrt, frequented by rich oitisons of Ha
vana, and is oonneoted by a oarriage road
With this city.
Tho news from Managua when reoelved
here late last night created a flutter of
excitement In military and high oUlr.ial
circles, and troops wen- started out at mid
night to ohack the new and unexpected
rebel advance upon the capital.
UKSKRAL MACKO &BAPPBABB.
/Co«J/i/ finiirt *)><itiiili /'»■!>.>;.« oilif /'»»-
ttr.i ll, iv tint I'ruvhu'r.
LONDON, Esq., Feb. 15. a Madrid dis
patch ti>*a news agenoy states thai an
Ofßoial dtspatob received from Havana
announces thai the Insurgent General
Maoeo has re-entered the province of
Havana, despite the presence oi t large
force ol Bpanlsb troops stationed along
the boundary for entrance Into thai
pi .'\ [nee.
II AVA NA, Cl n, Feb. 1 •••- An order QSJ
been issued modifying the strict censor
ship thai has hitherto been observed In
the matter of cable dispatches. The Amer
ican newspaper correspondents will now
be permitted to send their reports without
being compelled to submit tnem to a cen
sor, a copy In Spanish of the matter sent
i.urt, however, be placed ow tile in the
palaoe ol (he captain-generaL
DR, NANSEN'S DISCOVERY.
Continuation of the Report That
the Explorer Reached the
North Pole.
The Source of the Original Informa
tion. However, Is Yet in
Doubt.
LONDON, i\,, Feb. 15.— The oorre
spondent o! the St. James Qasette at St.
Petersburg ttlecraphs that tho report of
Dr. Nainscn's having reached the north
pole is confirmed!
a dispatch from the British Consul
«t Archangel baa been reoeived by the
Foreign Ortlce stating thai Dr. Nansen, the
Arctic explorer? had discovered the north
pole, and is now returning from a iucc< ■>
ful voyage,
Notwithstanding the confirmation ol the
news that Kansen baa raaehad the north
pole, there are ill s good many who
doubt the faot. Theypoioi oul that the
sauroo of the original Lnformatioo Is still
In doubt, and the> think thai the appar
ent confirmation may no only a repetition
i>( the original i»tory.
l\ Is admitted that the thine is possible
enough, bui It is contended thai it has not
yet been proved, Tiic north pole has been
sooghi so long withoul sucoess that paople
In London are loath to believe that sonic
one has actually reached it." l
CHICAGO, In., Feb. I,\— Piofaaaor
Salisbury, of tiu» University ol Qnioafo'a
geological lU'pavtmom. s:»id to-day regard
lntr the reported discovery ol the north
polo by Pr. Xansen:
"I inaiie a trip to the west coast ol
'ivi <-n'..r.i.l |m| summer, and from obser
rattoiiaol the open l thought it was
the . i\«! time to runke n ilr:ve to the north,
Bo far v taa benefits of the rapoitaddia
covery are oonoarnad l canaol mm any
thing of practical .value. '
''Scientifically BOfactatng of value may
bi attataad by the aatablMaaasi of a mat
teororigical italtoa at the pole, but unlaaa
aerial navigation is possible or a continu
ous open path to the sea is discovered it
would tM a oiffioult BMttlM to pet supnlies
to the station. Nnnsen is i persistent nu
and tvssesses excellent judgment.
"He provisioned »li<» UtptdiUoQ V: five
year?, and it is strange thai he should
have b««ll hearvl from so early. One valu
able result of the discovery will be the
establishment of ■ basis for the investiga
tion 61 ocean currents. The r»j ■. .- con*
cur that th« theory maintained lo regard
to the current* at the north DOli is cor
wet/*
WASHINGTON*, 1). a; Feb. 15.— 1n |
scientific circles in Washington the in
terest in report of Dr. Nanse.n's mll«g«d
achievement would be ranch greater if the
news came in ■' more authentic sbapo and
with more definite particular?.
. The two points from which confirmatory
- itetHM ar* «Ueg*d to have been rw-
CtiTwij namely, Irkutsk, in Eastern Sibe
ria and Archangel, in Itirropaan Russia^
being more th*n S.VX) miles apart, tt the :
opinion of Lieutenant William H, Schuetie
of the navy, who is thoroughly familiar
with the Siberian wmst, cast gravw doubts
upon the authenticity of the reports,
t.*onhr.rd Stinegor, a former associate of
Ur, Xansen, vhe:\ the dvVtor was curator
o: a museutu in Xorway, and who is now
oneottae. curatoxs al -....■ United States
National Museuui. thinks ther* is ■ ihinf
iatriasically itupwbabitf in th» story, and
Ivars high tribute to Pr. KaMM*i Qooxaga
»«\l fertility of wsoiurc*.
Ca^taiu Hercndea of the Smithsonian
w»> a RkMklMrol the. expedition of Lieu
tenant IVary ia 15^1, wh.. went .-,$ f»x
n&rth as Pomt ._i>»rfvm«n sad SttbseqtteatiY
j in th<? whaUus busiaf si he sprat tirs tris
ttrs there.
"Toe *arp'ri«Qs «*»»< to rae," said he,
•Hi that Naasta ha* beta heard. iro=i it
this MM of th« year. The c^aly trjiy |
c*a acvoaxs; Cv%? >'*:•<<•:'.s ntatt* at ih>
>nw<> oJE tb* vr*r is Urn MM fie: Uut he
hss foaad Ua».J."
Q«&enl ti-*dr, UN AtcUct«iplo»r,
ptta iis:!# ct«d«Qc« b lh« report !{<• l*id
1 r*«!ca!ar .<:-**> -..-*>. ia s^vakin^ o?
th* report ftwsa USMUUjd, Ml BM t*t\
liM Jsaussfta's tiieoiy ot rfacixiaj ?hc p^«
«f** at r*ri* a^ « ua his ilitnd ittlxH
oJT ta* fitwrlsu «a*t, wist^h th* «plawj
drt «oj eotttKap&u ia his »rnac«ta?ats
fc^r Us* esipediXKia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
SONOMA'S GRAND
JURY REPORTS.
Shortage of Over $13,000
in County Funds Was
Found.
OFFICIALS UNDER FIRE.
Dereliction of Certaiu Servants
of the Public Is Bluntly
Pointed Out.
THE FOUNTAIN GROVE SUICIDE.
Unable to Find Any One to Blame
for the Tragical Death of
Mary Harris.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., Feb. 15.-The 80
--noma County Grund Jury's report to
Superior Judgo Crawford this morning
was not nearly as sensational a document
as m my expected. It was rather a
Mrairhtiorward utterance,, liowcver, and
unpleasant enough for several county 011 -
Oials niul employes. Jndge Crawford, in
dismissing the jurors, remarked that if
every Inquisitorial body did its duty as
thoroughly "things would i»- better." No
true bills were found, the Grand Jury con
tentins itself with reporting a shortugo in
county funds ot over $13,000 ami remark
ing that "indiottrients at ttie present time
will be an injudicious way to proceed for
tho recovery oi the moneys due the county."
One ol the amounts is now being sued for
In tho Superior Court and the other is in
the bands of the Supervisors.
The jury found that the shortage in cx-
Trcasurur Btofen's ollico, due to the "real
or pretended robbery," was $8000, and tho
shortage in Recorder Hall's offioe was
16000.
It was recommended that hereafter no
liquors bo purchased lor tho county farm
and hospital, except for medical purposes,
and that hereafter not so much money be
spent for tobaCCO for tho county farm. ii
also recommended that the old soldiers at
the farm be sent to the Soldiers' Home.
Commenting upon 0. T. Baldwin as an
expert tho Grand Jury reported tnat Bald
win did not expert the books at all, but
only made up tho footings, and that if
there had not been collusion on his part
he was guilty of gross negleot of duty.
Tho report then took up Recorder Hall's
office, finding among other things that
f 325 had been paid for what purported to
be for seventeen volumes of copying, and
that a careful estimate showed that 15,000
folios had been charged for which had not
been copied, amounting to an overcharge
of 11300.
Tho Grand Jury reported the following;
sums of money as being drawn by county
offioers for work done during their term,
in exoesjß of their regular salaries:
William Lontßon august S. IMS, index
iimmeai r011, 5250; August 7. i>;u. tame,
|SM 1 tv- bill for this iteso for 1803 of $73
was reported by tho Bnpervli n as fieinc au
Illegal cbargs.
W. l. .Wines— June 8, is;i:?. compiling claims
•gainst the State, |r?AO; October 4, compiling
railroad assessment, |1S; April ;;. compiling
claim, $£k7fl 5O« Noveaber 19, cOmpUlni reg
later, $305; jßiuinry 7, is;i;>, eosßpUing claim,
>.;■: v.
Bomtr* B. Fulton— August I, 1895, making
indigent claims, :?t>:i.
Gil P. Hall— February i>, IS;>.:. apportioning
ro«ul money. *•.'.'«; Jvae B, same, i?US; July 6,
map book, $J00; January 3, ISM, mnktnic
map book, 9900; Kel>nmry t>, apportioning
road money, #43; June 5, maps, $200; July « r >,
apportioning road m.-iv . $•-.:.{; November 10,
su*p bcok, $200; lVoembor -C apportioning
r.»n,i work, $57.50; January {?, 1895, appor
tioning roail mouey. $23 7».
Arj."Atchlson— Juno 6, LSBS, »pportloaiEK
ro»d money, $U^ 7l>.
J. k. M . laaaatf 3, lSt?3. working
prisoners, 9M
S. 1. Allen— From Vobru»rjr 7, IS>).;. to Decem
ber 31, 15JH5, working prisoners, <t.i<.>o.
The jury loand that about $8000 is due
the cauniy from r. n. Btofaa and about
*5000 irom Gil 1\ Hall.
Cha Grand Jury found that according to
the receipts of the county, lartaasvan
and according to the report of the expert
Gil P. HaU failed to make twenty-one
returns ol receipts of his BAot as re
quired by law; that S. I. Allen failed to
make, such return for soven months and L.
W. Juilliard failed to such returns
tor seven months.
In n>j;ard to the Fountain Grove suicide
the jury said that it was unable to find
any one to i>'..-iai<? for the d»ath of Mary
Hat::-.
Referring to the City Council inrest l»:a.
tion tho Grand Jury iouud that nothing
dishonest bad been dona by two members
in selling the cttv goods, but that a jcood
law bad baao evaded.
The Blvaat Onnnnlaitonai was rro
nounced guilty of reprehensible co ndnct
in running around the country procuring
evidence against the Couucil ; and in selling
diet, but the jury said "he has covered his
tr.u-k so well that we an? aol Wttßantod iv
indicting him."*
rOJi A lv> JJWJOUH Kliiiyo.
| CuNtfMfJor Xie*ol*' trial oh a Murder
t S.jrV* (VMt«M#WlM>ci
LOB IKQBLS3, Cau, p«b, l - -The
tr.»i of A. 1.. >»ieho!?, conductor on aa
electric rtiMlcai. on a charjc<? of niurdex,
waj commenced ia the Superior Court to
day. Nichols MMjMi the aeath of Jo«*ph
K-.rk, a vas<.".!;;er on kti car.
Kird \\:as ndias wnh» dog on his la;v
Conductor Nichols ordered hiia to put the
do^r off. Kirk was doing jo whea Nichols
kickiHt the dc>£. The condtsctor ana Kirk ■
had satae word? then, which resultfrii in
Nichols throwing Kirk off the car. Nieh
oss, while the ciaa was prostrate, struck
and kicked him several times. Kirk died
fr\*:a his injuries.
T:.« trial wii\ last j«Terai dars. A iurv
ha* beca secv.rwl and the ukla^of testi
mony nownnDortL
L+s Amt*t+s I).<m«^ Suit.
LOS ANGKUKS, Gxt., FeK l«v— Charl«
HUlOa, • railway possal clerk ruaninj; b*
twc*a Saa iTaacfsro aod Lo« Aas*!es, ha<
filed* ?uJt for *i*taas«s a^aiust tba South
era -n«Ac. Ccaspaajr, askiajr Sor.a iuvic
■MSt for f.\\vX\\ H? w SS wmh jajui*d
mtb*xti«ckta ola DMMS <-r traia'r.eA/
Laas* ssatiisa. This .< th# fiftb Uaniace
sutt kfd <: tha r»iirv>a(i WIIW) 6!*< l in
ixvs Aas*l«s during the tr**k.
nis<arr+*r+A rhtfmi^-
PHvKMX, Akte., Feb. I,\— csrrt*r
ious a:<*f>p* »ao» <ai J. H. Lebraa c^ias*j
tauch QQCftstiwos. He has*b{j: stock oi
uUozins evxesis and »-« doiaf a coo»J ba«>
»M»« H« left *ar Bi&bec ot« t£r« w*cis
*SA tct i* •ra ia foor tiars, aiM has aot
been heard from since. There are no bills
against, him. Lebrun came here last fall
froxu Han Francisco.
A I AY AT SACItAMEXTO.
Joseph It'll leh Stops four Itullcts Curing
a Saloon Jlratcl,
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 15.— During
a fight which started in adowntown saloon
at 8:30 o'clock this morning, Joseph Welch
was .shot four times by W. M. Johnson, a
gambler, better known as the "Missouri
Kid." The men had been drinking
together, and becoming intoxicated, a dis-
OUSaion arose and terminated in n light.
Welch left the saloon in search of a pis
tol, but failing to procure one returned
with » rock and started for his adversary.
Tho bnrtendor und a young man named
Maloney attempted to interfere, but Welch
evaded them und made a rush at Johnson,
who immediately opened Jire with his re
volver. He fired four shots and each bul
let took effect.
One entered under the left arm, another
entered back of the left shoulder, the third
struck Welch in the center of the breast,
hut glanosd from a riband passed through
Maioney's arm while Maloi'.ey was en
deavoring to separate the men. The last
bullet found a lodgment in Welch's right
shoulder.
The wounded man walked from the
place of the shooting in tho saloon to
a room in the rear, where he fell. Ho was
conveyed to the Receiving Hospital and
medical attendance was procured, but the
physicians have but small hope that he
will survive his wounds.
SHAKES iir A\ TJSJaitJLOR.
Earthquake Shocks Felt at log Angelf
and Faiadena.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 15.— A dis
tinct shock of earthquake was felt here at
2:52 r. m. The temblor lasted several sec
onds. Large buildings of substantial
structure were considerably shaken up.
In tno million-dollar Courthouse the
shock was distinctly felt by the county
oltkials and their deputies, and they were
frightened.
f ASA DEN A. Cal., Feb. 15.— Pasadena
was visited by a slight earthquake shock
at L':. r >7 O'clock this afternoon, lasting about
tifteen seconds. The wave seemed to pass
from northwest to southeast.
SENT TO DIAMOND POINT.
The City of Hankow Arrives at
Port Townsend With
Smallpox Aboard.
Captain King. His Wife and the Ship's
Crew Ordered to the Quaran
tine Station.
POUT TOWNSKND, Wash., Feb. 15.—
After making the voyage from Callao to
Ulis port in thirty-tive days, tho quickest
time on record, the British ship City of
Hankow, Captain King, finds itself in the
unpleasant predicament of being placed in
a fourteen-day quarantine as a result of
having three cases of snmllnox among the
crew.
The vessel was boarded here by Fnited
States Quarantine Officer Btimpaon before
it could anchor and was at once ordered to
the fumigating station at Diamond Point.
After discharging the crew there and
undergoing a thorough fumigation by tne
sulphur process, the City of Hankow will
be permitted to proceed to Port Hadlock,
where it loads lumber. The crew will be
detained the full fourteen days and longer
if other eases develop. Mrs. King, who
accompanies tho captain, will be com
relied to so to the station Tiih the others.
1>.4/;i.V<r TlilV Of A. WOH AX.
Mr*. nillis Starts for Her Journry
Throuah thr ,'lhUiih It ii,
I'ORT TOWNSEXP, Wash.. Feb. 15.-
The steamship Willapa, which sailed for
Alaska this morning, had as a pas>enger
Mrs. J. T. Willis of Tacorua, a woman who
intends, unaided and alone, to make the
trip over the saows and ices ot the frozen
north to either Forty Mile Creek on the
Yukon or to Circle Cuy. tne . farthest
northern settlement on "this continent.
Mrs. Willis been north before and is
fully prepared for the undertaking.
ErADIXQ ALASKA'S ZAW.
I Igwer to He Sold Jiij! (>r<r the Canadian
/•'oum/nry.
PORT TOWKBEND, Wash., Feb. 15.—
Alaska liquor laws will receive a severe
shock when the Willapa cots north". There
are 100 half-barrels ol the excluded bever
age |OllU through the Territory in bond
to tho r»riti«h possessions. A saloon
opened tifte.'ii feet beyond the dividing
lino will make the enterprising owner of
the liquid a rich man in a short time.
I'rckhittn to l.fiir^ .itujrl Island.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Feb. 15.—
Pr. .1. Q] Cobb, for the past three years in
command of the United States Marine
II ojpital at this point, to-day received
odrers to proceed nt once to Cincinnati.
H« will be succeeded here by Dr. C. T.
Peckham. at present i:i charge of the hos
pital at Angel Island. San Francisco Bay.
♦ -
To t'lont t!ii> Kilhrmnnan.
FORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Feb. 15.—
All ballast has been removed irom the
Briti*:i ship Kilbrannan at Point Wilson,
and to-niorrow morning at 8 o'clock an
other effort will bo niade by six Mgi of the
Poxet Sound Tugboat Company to pull
the etrauded vessel into the water.
uvmk o.\ i.oi.ru.Lß tummmwrn.
I** Xsrthrrn Half Threten Open to
SFOKANF. Wv«n., Feb. — The news
ol the passage of the bill providing for
opening ol the northern half of the Col
rille Reservation was r*e*ived her* this
afternoon with j:reat joy. A large number
of prv>sp*vtors are ananging to go to the
(•serration Monday.
Thi« section of the State is known to be
one of the richest in mineral of any in the
Northwest, and the portion just opened
•ill probably r>rvviuoe some of the best-
Mjiim properties in t he country. The cele
brated Trail Cre*k district is bu* six taiies
from the boundary, ana or* that is fovuid
tight along the- boundary is tlie riehMl in
the camp,
Th« throwing opea of this rart of the
reservation will cause a general staap#de
to to* new eoantrr, aad be of great bsnelit
to this div.
*- — - ■ ■;■
BJrOJC^LjrV« i-«il-.V|i> or sal r jib.
Stal* Central CmmMMbM -4j»*^<l to C«li
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 15.— a meet
ing o! ta* Frieads oJ SiiveT, a deb i«| : |
to the caus« of the woit« metal. Attoraey-
Geafral Joaes to-aicht intioduwd a reso
lutios. *"bich was uiutninioTisJr carried, ia
effect that the executive coraraitie* of tat
club be i«q«M«taa to ask the State O«r.trai
Coo:ini:t«« and the Couaty C^anti Com
muieeso! the s*T«Tal palhical par:., ia
Ui«> State ihat trhea ther isaa« a call lor
ipncsaries or caucuses for tae elecsioa csf
MMK*t*s prsraarj 10 the yatioaal coaTea
u<sa taey ask and raqcir* a toi« at iht
saia* tirae far or a^raiast the fr«« coiaaM
of silTer.
r*«A'» >nf >.»rM.
OGDEX, Utah, Feb. I»\— The Joiy ia
ease ol Hearr A.Jeo, char*; with the
perdv of Jiaes fki:iv. ia Dc<eatb«r
last r*tcrn«d a verdict of aoasiUai to
m*ht. lh«u th* first narder wial ia
i s*h wj;fc * j^rr of only «£ht penK>2*.
FRESNO GREETS
THE OLYMPICS.
Minstrels and Athletes Are
Applauded by Large
Audiences.
OPERA-HOUSE CROWDED.
"Standing-Room Only" the Le
gend Tnat Confronts the
Late Arrivals.
CLEVER WORK ON THE STAGE.
The Benefit for the Fresno Club a
Great Success— An Attractive
Parade.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 15.— The significant
leeend "standing-room only" greeted the
astonished gaze of the late arrivals at the
Barton Opera-house to-night. The min
strel and athletic company of the Olympic
Club of San Francisco was the attraction
on the inside.
During the day the freedom of the city
was not only extended to the visitors, but
every consideration calculated to make
them feel welcome and at home was looked
after.
The reception and parade this afternoon
was an attractive affair. It was partici
pated in by about 100 members of the
Fresno Athletic Club and sixty from Corn
panics 0 and F, Sixth Regiment. N. G. C,
fully equipped and uniformed and headed
by Justy's band. The line of march was
through the principal streets of the city.
The entertainment to-nigut was a bonefit
to the Fresno Athletic Club by the
Olympics. Those on the reception
committee from the local athletes were:
R. M. Thompson, J. Reichman. \V. 1).
Coates, H. Sherwood, William Glass, E.
A. Donahoo, F. G. Berry and 11. Chamber
lin.
In the cast of the minstrel aggregation
were: Sloan, Van Bendeleben, J. Catch
cart, O'Brion, Hallett, Hxcling, Cook,
Toohig, MeNally, Stegeman, Rathburn,
Starkey, Carter, C. Cathcart, Griffith,
Morrell, Butz, Mitchell, Swinnerton,
Charles T. Kreling, Fred A. Britten,
Joseph F. Coffey, James W. Coffrotn,
Chase, Comey, T. Jennings Jr., K. Wat
son. J. J. Cathcart, Short, Kennedy, Ros
borough, Homier, Thomas, Dowdle and
Chestnut.
The troupe was assisted in rendition of
musical and minstrel part of performance
by the following young men of this city:
A. E. Carver, H. R. Brown, C. Byxbee, \V.
R. Price, G. M. Parsons, H. D. Carver, E.
T. Woolcott, A. P. Neate. H. H. Alex
ander. G. H. Burweli, V. Pond, W. W.
Parsons. " .•
The local hits by the members of the
company and the cartoons of Swinnerton
were rich. Alexander Rosborough, like
O. W, Holmes, did not dare to be as fanny
as he could. Every specialist acquitted
himself with great credit. Some of
Fresno'* most prominent and wealthy
citizens occupied seats in the parquet,
dress circle and boxes.
The boys leave for home to-nieht, carry
ing the best wishes of many iriends and
newly made acquaintances in Fresno.
9
HVOLITILE'S JtAJtAGJE SI IT.
The- JFrrsno Agent Oemnndt ray for
Allerjtd i-'a!se ltnpriaou went.
FRESNO. Cai., Feb. 15.— The suit for
980Q0 damages by J. E. Doolittle, a real
estate and msnrance agent of this city,
against the Sun Insurance Company of
London, J. \V. Landers, its areneral agent,
and K. W. Dv Bois, a special agent, is
being hotly contested here. The ablest
legal talent is employed in the case.
Doolittle formerly "represented the Sun
otlice. He got behind in his accounts, so
says General Agent Landers of San Fran
cisco, and was given notice to pay up.
About this time Doolittle visited San
Francisco, where on a warrant sworn out
by Special Agent Dv Bois he was ar
rested on ■ enarga of embezzlement for
retaining |M 0 of the company's money.
He was brought here under arrest by
Sheriff Scott. Dooltttle made good the
shortage, and the action against him was
dismissed. He then brought the damaee
suit.
Doolittle was on the stand most all day,
and his examination was not ended when
the court took a recess until Monday.
BURGLARY AT REDDING.
A Painstaking Thief Cuts His
Way Through Iron and
Brick.
Cloihing Stolen From a Store Be
lieved to Be Proof Against
Marauders.
KEDDIXG, Cai_. Feb. 15.-A rather neat
bar^lary was perpetrated ia the peneral
merchaadise store of N. Brejlauer ia this
cuy last aishu The bui!dlag was $at>
posed to be fire aad bure'.ar-rroof, as every
Qoor is of iroa aad the roof of corrogated
iroa, with a double ceiling lined with
brick.
Tbe burglars climbed to the top of the
baUdinc. cat through the iroaroo*;; thea
crawled a distance of tblrty fee: between
the roof aad eetling to the back cad of the
s;ore, where he cut through the brick aad
wcxkl work wita a chUeJ, nsakiag a hole
larye eaough for a maa 10 crawl Uirough.
This hola waa direct.y orer the liquor
room.
Thea be let himself down to the tOD-of
this roora aad thea cowa over sacks of dour
to the door. | He secorwd aboat $125 worth
of ciothiag aad ciaie his ex.: through the
resx door of the bulldias, which waa bolted
on tbe inside. -
A pair of rebber boots wer« focad oa the
root Th« tooU wi;h which the barylaa
operated were sio;en irora a ceaxby wtgoa
sbop. -
$<Wi X>«r* /#r Jfaawl^Mfk^n
REDDIXG, Cjul-. Feb. li— G«orje G.
C«dy, who killed Edward Prk» at Cist*Ua
on Aucc-; 10, l^S, soqv«s e^nTictea of
ia&nxla^hter ca Jsesatt 30, «&s ti-<Jav
&e=^eac« to a term of mtco years in the
hu;* s pri»a at Folsea-
-irddfMtJti *Xs+ii M g ji««r JE*rf<»»*.
REDDI>G, Cai.. F«b. 15.-Jerrr S^a*
to-day «ceideauliT shot mod kiiied Cieca
mans Thompson while hunting near their
homes about three miles east of this city.
Staub raised his gun to shoot at a rabbit,
and it was accidentally discharged. The
ball passed through the temples of Thomp
son. Staub is 13 years old, and Thompson
was two years his senior.
TACOMA.XS Gim UP HOPE.
Believe That Mr*. Cody Will Xot Be Found
Among tho Living.
TACOMA, Wash.. Feb. 15. —No more
Bysteruatic search for a missing person was
ever inaugurated in the West than that for
Mrs. A. B. Cody, largely through the ef
forts of the Chicago police department.
Every Chief of Police in the United States
has been notified and supplied with de
scriptions of the missing woman. Fifty
four division superintendents of railroads
running from Pacific Coast points have
each received a personal letter from prom -
inent railroad men, friends of the family,
with a large number of circulars and pic
tures. The extent of the inquiry i 3 learned
when it is stated that telegraphic clews
from all parts of the country are almost
hourly received, invariably reporting in
vestigations that have ended ?n nothing.
With these hundreds of persons assisting
in the search, absolutely nothing has been
accomplished, and Mrs. Cody's relatives
are in despair. Fvery clew that has been
traced has proved an" erroneous one, and
Tacomana are almost ready to admit that
the unfortunate woman will not be found
among the living.
Suicide at San Quentln.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 15.— Coroner
Eden to-day held an inquest at San Quen
tin prison upon the body of a prisoner
named Rodgers. Rodgers, who was an
opium hend, asked the doctor to confine
him in a place where It would be impossi
ble for him to get ooiurn. He was placed
in the dungeon and while there strangled
himself to death. The jury returned a
verdict of suicide. Rodgers was sent from
Yolo County to serve a term of rive years
for burglary iv the second degree.
Hunt of Seattle Acquitted.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 15.-A. B. Hunt,
formerly Chief of the Seattle Fire Depart
ment, who was charged with fraud in ob
taining naturalization napers, was to-day
acquitted by a jury in the Federal court.
The case had been' on trial for three days.
It was the result of a political row in
Seattle.
Fate of a Vallejo Hxirrjlar.
SUISUN, Cal., Feb. 15. — Charles M.
Clark, who robbed the stores of John
Brownlie and G. B. Richart in Yallejo,
pleaded guilty in the Superior Court to
day, and was sentenced by Judge Buckles
to lifteun years' imprisonment iv Folsom.
Fusion af Maryxvillt'.
MAKYSVILLE, Cal., Feb. 15.—Demo
crats and Republicans fused this evening
and nominated the present city officers by
acclamation as candidates for re-election
on .March 10.
SPORT AT SANTA CRUZ.
San Franciscans Are Making Big
Catches of Monterey Bay
Salmon.
Fishermen Bring In Five Hundred
Large Fellows— A Whale Towed
to Capitola.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.. Feb. 15.— Fish
Commissioners W. C. Murdoek an<i H. E.
Emeric came down this evening to get a
chance at tbe big fishing. They said the
newspaper reports had seemed like exag
gerations to most sportsmen; and for that
reasoa many of them declined to come j
here.
The Santa Cruz people would welcome
all the visitors who care to come here, but
they do not like to be charged with send
ing out false reports. The correspondents
have obtained tueir information from the
tishermen and by inspecting the wharf
when the bo3ts come in. The catch to-day
numbered between iSO and 500, and many
of them were handsome specimens, weigh
ing from twenty to forty pounds.
Dr. W. P. Chalmers, Quarantine Officer
of San Francisco, brought in a forty.
pounder of which he was justly proud.
! His catch was large and varied in weight
I from that of the big fellow to the small
i ones of three or four pounds. Isidor
Jacobs also made a reputation as an angler, j
A party of thrte — J. Scrivner, Judge C. ;
F. Monteakgre of San Francisco ami Cap
tain C. H. K. Fitzgerald of New York
took twenty salmon for the day's sport.
One weighed forty pounds and three j
others thirty-five, thirty and twenty-nine
pounds respectively. "Salmon weighing !
above thirty pounds were numerous in the
catches by the local fishermen.
Trolling has been the favorite method
to-day, and it was by that method the
heaviest fish were taken. The smaller ones
remain nearer th<? bottom of the bay. Big
preparations are being made for to-mor
row's sport.
The whaie that was killed yesterday rose
I to the surface this mor:i:iig and was towed
to Capitola.
NEW TO-DAT.
jgajSiganßgiagj*- *t the" "sight of
,£!,* V l^*^'-'^^ ?' e5 an^ blotches.
or *»^v -jmfcflC j ' '^ w cheeks,
*? As sunken tyc? =~i .=
*^SCT \\-^P*f : nt «tions. Beauty
s^. \-_JwS* j . s =:c ' re than skin
l*^V^Mt^a V l^ e cenditien ci the
\ TT"^??*^ ~ "not a thirg by it^c'.t.
«nd skin diseases are freqsentlT noi^kia
diseases at all. All the lotions and bleaches
and creams and powders in the world went
xa&ke a pood complexion if the digestion is
wrong-. If the stomach Is *ocr.* and the
liver torpid, aad the bowels constipated,
the skin will show it. >,\ use trying- to
treat the skin for f_.h a condition. The
only way to relieve it is to cleanse the sys-
tem and pnrify the blood. As long- as the
heart is pumping: impurities to every part
of the body, just so lo^g these impurities
will show thrcusrh the ckln.
Dr. Pierce*s Gclden Medical Discovery
is . good for the complexion because it
Dakes the whole body healthy— because it
clears and puri£es the blood", makes the
digesdoa strong: and clears cut i=:-Qrities
of all kinds. By increasing the ability to
•ssinul&te nutritious food, and by the* in-
fusion of it 3 own injmedietitsv it enriches
the blood and so makes .-.■:..: jtezliir £e*h.
I: £Ils out the h.-11-w*. rubs cut 'wrink-
les aad sab«ti»t«s for saliowness a jt>sr.
healthr g?w. Tiers is no =ysterr about
it. It isat a miracle. It is merely the re»
suit cf a combanition ef ritianal. natural
comman sesse with expert =:edicji! knowl-
edge. It cures diseases cf the longs. liver,
stomach, bowels, skin --i *c-*!;C <- =7 -t
because an these cis«a*es sprinjr fen the
tame cause— a disordered c^*d=n au-i
consequent Imoure blood. Doa"t let pirjo-
c^e and scepacism cheat you out cfT^ur
health. Dr. Puree's GcJden Jledica! "l>i*.
coverr vill positively cure too, if rrferiur
feca diseases named sioT«I
If yoa want ta k ? OW hundreids Of rr*at
fntcica! trcthA. send « cne-cesst sexmu* jo
cover o«i of aniSar •«». aad w« «r?t
»<ud n«RES a cc?y cf tor. Pjer»»s :oc*
F-i^e book, "Cooanoa Sease Itcdkml Ad-
rts*r.» Aidrw. s Woxt^-5 Drsrsx^viT
NEW TO-DAY.
Shrewd
Buyers.
Those with an eye to an op-
portunity, those wanting to
make their dollar do the ser-
vice of two in other stores, se-
lect the big store. They watch
the big store's ads and they
know that the big store does
what it advertises. It makes
no rash promises, but when it
makes a promise it performs it
to the letter.
Monday will be devoted to
Underwear and Hosiery, and
such values as will be offered
will be remembered by the
shrewd buyers for many a day.
Our sales are made up en-
tirely of a high character of
goods. We do not handle
cheap stuff, and in our special
sales you merely get goods at
half price. Now you have a
full inside to the methods of
our special sales.
• LOT!
Consists of about 500 dozen
Gentlemen's Heavy Ribbed
Balbriggan Shirts and Drawers.
The Shirts are trimmed with
satin; pearl buttons. The
Drawers are faced with Silesia,
patent cleared seams through-
J out—clever goods, which wo
j propose to sell Monday, and
I positively none to dealers, at
35c Per Garment.
None . after Monday at the
price.
LOT 2
Consists of some very fine Vi-
cuna Shirts and Drawers, very
I clever high-grade goods, man-
! ufactured from the long, curly
Vicuna wool: self fronts,
ribbed bottoms, pearl buttons.
: Drawers taped seams through-
out, and are tailor fashioned.
On Monday, and Monday only,
at
—45c—
None to dealers at the price.
LOT 3
Consists of Gentlemen's High-
Grade Balbriggan Hose, in
! brown and tan shades; seam-
less; high -spliced French
heels: clever goods. Special
Monday at
I -10c-
None to dealers.
LOf 4
Consists of some 1200 dozen
Gentlemen's High-Grade Mer-
ino Hose: clever goods, in
camels' hair, brown and vicuna
shades; extra - spliced heels
and toes; no seams to annoy
; you : just as soft on the foot as
a glove. Special Monday at
-12k>-
Positively none to dealers.
RAPHAEL'S
ftWtHttW i* Its; ft»u? stilt,
9, 11; 13 and 15
Kearny Street.CAPTURED AT
JUAREZ CAMP.
Two of the Murderers of
Miner Potesti Have
Confessed.
WAYLAID AND KILLED.
The Gold-Seeker's Life Taken in
a Lonely Spot in Pichacho
Canyon.
CRIME OF FOUR MEXICANS.
Contents of a Treasure Belt Divided
Among Them— Two Are Still
at Large.
SAX DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 15.— The mys
tery veiling tne murder of an Italian \
miner named Potesti, whose body was j
found in the dry bed of Pichacho Creek on \
January 22, has been cleared by the con- j
fessior. of two of the four Mexicans who i
did away with him.
Potesti was a hard-working placer ininer,
and he saved quite a turn in gold dust— j
about $700. He worked Jast at the Picha
cao placers, southwest of Jacumba, on the
desert Several months ago one Onofre j
Lloya. a miner, saw Potesti at the laiter's I
camp at Pichacho. and the Italian asked j
Lloya to stay with him, as he was afraid of i
trouble. He did not go into particulars, j
end Lloya did not stay, being on his way
to the Cocopab Mountains. A month ]
later Lloya returned and found that Po- !
testi had gone. The latter had said that j
he would probably go to Los Angeles to
buy an improved dry-washer to handle a
lot of pay dirt.
From the signs around the deserted
camp Lloya believed that Indians had j
been there, and when Joe Garcia and A. }
D. Ray brought the news of the finding of
Potesti's body in the creek bed, Lloya was
convinced that Indians had done the
killing. Garcia said there were imprints
of naked feet around ihe body and other
rinta leading down the canyon. The '
of the dead man's face had been eaten !
off by I irds and one eye was gone, so that
k \va< impossible to tell whether he had j
-not through the head or not. but
there was a terrible wound over the raiss- i
. which appeared to have been the
canse of death.
There was no sign of a struggle, and :
Poteeti must have been killed instantly. !
lie had worn r miner's belt containing j
>ld dust under his ordinary belt.
The gold belt was gone and the other was
shoved up under his arms. Nothing -was
found in the pockets, but a description of
the body showed clearly enough to Po- j
testi's friends that he was tne victim.
Nothing was Hone by the authorities, as it
was below the boundary line and in a very
isolated place.
The murder might have been completely j
forgotten and entirely unavenged ii one of j
the murderers had not become drunk at j
Juarez mining camp. This man, Kpifanio
Gallesros, appeared at Juarez last week
with a lot of tools, which were afterward
found to be the property of Potesti. He
sold them and began imbibing liquor, and
while intoxicated displayed a Jot of money
and gold dust. He became so boisterous
that a Justice of the Peace ordered him
under arrest, and a rurale put him in the
corral that serves for a jail at Juarez.
After Gallegos became sober lie was de
spondent, and received the impression j
that he had been arrested on the charge of
murdering the Italian, Potesti. He was
violent for a time, and finally broke down
and confessed that he was one of the
murderers of the miner. He said his
brother, two of Duke's Mexican cowboys
end a ronng Mexican named Ignacio Sor
tello tiad done the deed. He said one of
tiie men was in Lower California, and that
the others had disappeared.
The authorities sent out a force of
rurales and the other Mexican was cap
tured and charged with murder. "When
he found that Gallegos had told the story
he also confessed and named other ac
complices. These prisoners told how they
became possessed of the knowledge that
Potesti had $700 in gold dust, which he
continually carried in a belt. They said
they got their information from Victor
Pinto, the outlaw, and the authorities of
Lower California are now searcuing for
that picturesque gentleman, who has a
record full of crime and daredevil deeds.
The four Mexicans agreed among them
eelves to follow Potesti until he reached
some lonesome and isolated spot, where
they would kill him. The men kept a
close watch of the Italian, and he filially
left his camp on foot to come to San Diego
by way of Campo. He left in the night,
preferring to escape the heat of the desert.
The watcher for the pang notified his part
ners and the four followed Potesti as far
as Picacho Creek. When they saw him
pafely in the trail leading up the creek
two of the men made a wide detour and
reached the head of the arroyo ahead of
their victim, so as to meet him. The
other two gradually came up with him.
At a place hidden by low sandhills the
unsuspecting miner met the two Mexi
cans. One of these stopped him, and the
ether, springing forward, placed a pistol
at his head and fired. Potesti fell in his
tracics without a struggle, and ihe two
murderers were joined by the other two,
and they robbed the body of the belt of I
Fold. Gallegos said there was $700 in gold
dust in it.
The four were on the verge of a fight in
the division of the spoils, but finally
ejrreed, Gallegos taking a little less gold
anl agreeing to take Potesti's tools and
camp outfit for the balance. Gallegos told
how he and the others ahcussecr the best
method of diverting suspicion, and how
they decided to take off tbeir shoes and
leave their naked footprints in the sand
around the body and for a mile or so down
the creekbed in order to lead the discover
ers of the body to believe the Indians had
flone the deed. They thought best not to
bury the body as the coyotes would dig
it up again, while if it were loft just as
it lay it would noon be rendered unrecog
nizable. The four men separated before
daylight and have remained apart. A
Eearch of that country convinced the offi
cers that two of the men have escaped into
thla State.
The two in custody will be tried for mur
der at Ensenada, and as they have con
fessed their participation in the crime and
division of toe money it is probable that
they will be stood up against an adobe
wall and shot.
The name of the second man arrested is
; r.ot yet known, but he is believed to be
j lgnacio Sortello. This man has been a
I constant trouble to Jjoth Mexican and
I American officers. It was he and Epifanio
■ Gallegos who were captured by Customs
| Officer Conklin some months ago for
| cattle-steaiing. Conklin foolishly started
. for San Diego with both the desperadoes
j unshackled, one riding on the seat with
: him and the other behind him. When an
j isolated place was reached the man behind
j Conklin struck him over the head and
stunned him and the two beat him and
threw him down into the canyon beside
the road, believing him to be dead. They
cut the horses loose and made good their
j escape. Since that time feortello has been
| in several scrapes below the line.
E STER TA IX ED A T Til VCKEE.
Excursionists Partake of the Pleasures
of the Carnival.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Feb. 15.— One carload
of excursionists was sidetracked this
morning from overland train 3, and about
fifty visitors came down in an excursion
from Reno. At 10 o'clock a special train
was run out to Dormer Creek bridge, at
which point sleighs were in waiting to
take visitors to Lake Tahoe. Sleighing is
good from that point.
A large number of school-children went
up to Tatioe on the excursion and enjoyed
the treat immensely. Those who remained
in town repaired to the skating-rink and
to the ice on Henrys pond. The toboggan
slide drew the attention of the sightseers,
and many shot down the icy chute.
To-night the excursionists are taking in
the sights of the carnival, and Truckee is
doing herself proud in entertaining them.
Many of the excursionists from Reno were
cadets from the university and attended in
uniform. A large excursion is expected
to-morrow, and the same plan of entertain
ment has been mapped out.
MILL VALLEY'S RECLUSE.
George F. Marsh Will Close His
Quaint Japanese Home
and Leave.
Dreds the Disturbing Hum of Elec
tricity That Will Come With
the Scenic Railway.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Feb. 15.— George
F. Marsh, whoae Japanese home in Mill
Valley has been the admiration of visitor,
says he will sell out and leave because the
Mill Valley and Mount TamalDais Scenic
U;iiiroad runs by his place. Mr. Marsh
does not like the buzz of electricity or the
clang of discordant bells, and the building
of the mountain road has transformed
his place from a sequestered country spot
into ft scene o! bustle and confusion.
Marsh is a dealer in Japanese articles
and has a great fancy for them, and it was
for this reason he spent thousands of dol
lars in fixing up his property with unique
creations from the skilled hands of the
Japanese. His declaration that he intends
; to dispose of his home and leave Mill Val
; ley has caused a great deal of surprise and
i repret.
When Marsh purchased the property he
now occupies, on Corte Madera avenue, he
believed that he had secured a place far
away from the noise and confusion of the
i town, where he would not }><• bothered by
i Sunday revelers or lorn, . oiced pic
nickers.
After he purchased the secluded prop
erty he sent to Japan for a number of I
skilled workmen, and when they ar
rived put them at work building houses
i and fences after the style of the homes
| they had left in the Orient. Large in
voices of bamboo and other Japanese
articles arrived in Mill Valley and were
carted away far up the Cor te Madera
l Canyon to the Marah property, where
the skilled Japs erected artistic fences
and built houses without the use
of nails — in fact, everything was as it is in
Japan. Even the small creek running
through the place was transformed by the
; Mikado's subjects, and peculiar little
; waterfalls and bridges were built to greet
i the eve of the visitor.
Marsh expended a great deal of money
on his Mill Valley home and it was one of
the interesting and objective points of the
valley, and one never thought of overlook
ing Marsh's place when showing a visitor
the sights.
UJflOyS MUItDER TRIAL.
Flimsy Jiefente of the Alleged Slayer of
the Mnche Family.
UNION, Or., Feb., 15.— The trial of
Kelsay Porter for the murder of the Mache
family in Pine Valley on New Year's night
is dragging slowly alone. A strong effort
is being made to save the defendant's life,
if not his liberty. The courtroom is
densely packed from morning until mid
night.
An attempt was made to-day to prove
that there had been a conspiracy between
the Maches and Lockwood, a character
known as "Six Shooter," to kill Porter.
Porter went on the stand this afternoon
in his own defense. He explained in de
tail all the particulars of the affair, up to
the time of the shooting and killing of
young Mache, claiming that Mache began
shooting at him first, but he did not ac
count for the killing of the old couple,
claiming it must have been accidental.
His defense up to now is not a very strong
one, and in many communities it would
not be accepted as a defense at all. It is
claimed, though, that Porter's lawyers
will spring a surprise when they introduce
rebuttal testimony.
The killing of the Mache family is not a
local sensation, but it has aroused indig
nation of the whole State. In the past few
3'ears so many murd-rs have bet-n com
mitted in this locality, and the perpetra
tors al-lowed to go free, that the respecta
ble people are resolved to put an end. to
the carnival of blood. They are deter
mined to make an example of Porter, if
found guilty as charged.
OPTION OX CHiyO JtAXCH.
Forty Thoutand Acre* Controlled by a
San Francisco Firm.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Feb. 15.—
Easton, Eluridge & Co. of San Francisco
have an option on 40,000 acres of the Chino
ranch for $1,600,000. The option was filed
this morninK, being sent through Wells,
Fargo & Co., and was copied and forwarded
to "be filed in Orange and Los Angeles
counties, the property being partly in each
county. The contract is dated September
25, 1895, and expires on March, 26, 1896.
It is stated in the agreement that Easton,
Eldridge & Co. are negotiating with an
English syndicate, and that it is for the
purpose of furthering a sale that the option
is given. The property included is the
entire Chino ranch, except 320 acres of
town site and 1000 acres to be selected. Jt
also covers the Chino Valley Railroad,
water rights and everything appertaining
to the property. The terms of sale, if
made, are one-fourth the purchase price in
cash, ana the balance in three equal annual
installments, at 7 per cent interest. The
Chino Ranch Company is represented on
the contract by President C. H. Phillips.
This option bears out the published
statement with reference to default in the
payment to Richard Gird. Phillips was to
pay him $800,000, and the price now given
is $200,000 less.
A check was received at Vassar College
from Miss Helen Gould for $8000. It is
to found a scholarship in memory of her
mother.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
ANOTHER COMET
SEEN AT LICK.
Professor Perrine of the
Observatory Gains
New Honors.
DISCOVERED BY CHANCE.
His Find Made Possible by the
Receipt of a Message From
Boston.
GERMAN ASTRONOMERS ERRED.
Had First Seen the Wanderer, but
Believed It to Be One Al
ready Recorded.
SAN JOSE, Cat,., Feb. 15.— The follow
ing telegram was received from Boston at
the Lick Observatory yesterday:
The comet Perrine, known as C, 1895, was
observed at Kiel, Germany, as follows: Feb
ruary 13, .7082 of a day.Greenwich mean time;
right ascension, 19 hours 22 minutes and 28
seconds.
The position mentioned in this telegram
does not agree with observations secured
at Lick Observatory for over two weeks
past by C. D. Perrine. This morning,
while observing b,is comet, he looked up
the place mentioned in the telegram from
Kiel, and found another comet in the fol
lowing position: Righi ascension, 19 hours
2^ minutes 57.95 seconds; declination, 2
hours 49 minutes and 1 second ; February
15, .084, Greenwich mean time.
This new comet is moving rapidly north
to east. It is about twice as bright as the
Perrine comet, and can be seen with a
telescope of 3-inch aperture. It has a
short tail and a decided condensation in
the head, but no nucleus is visible.
LAWJIER HTZVAIRICK HIXS.
A Case Involving the Right to Take At- \
signntent* of Hunk Drpoeils.
FAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 15.— E. F. Fitz
patrick, an attorney of Redwood, has been
given judgment against D. Bargetto in
Judge Lorigan's court for $257 for attor
ney fees. The money was turned over to
the court some time ago by the San Jose
Safe Deposit Bank to await the uetermina- j
tion of its ownership by the court. The
case was on trial several days and devel
oped into one of the most vigorously con
tested three-cornered suits that has been
before the court in this count}' for a long |
time. It has been watched with great in
terest by bankers, depositors and attorneys j
on account of questions involved and the ;
decision of the court settles the rights of j
persons who take assignments of bank
books and savings accounts.
Bargetto got into trouble a few months
ago on account of the part he took in a
row near Menlo Park. He engaged Fitz- :
Patrick as his attorney, the latter agreeing j
to see him through for the amount of
money he had in the bank and $50 extra.
Bargetto paid the attorney $50 and gave
him an order for $2.~>7, which was on de
posit with the Safe Deposit Bank. Before
the order was presented Bargetto trot safely
out of his trouble, and he notified the
bank not to pay over the money to Fitz
patrick. A suit was at once instituted,
and the bank turned the disputed money
over to the court and let Bargetto and
Fitzpatrick fight it out.
rttSITIOXS PARCELED OUT.
Santa Clara County Supervisor* An
nounce the Annual Appointment*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 15.— County
Board of Supervisors this morning elected
the following officials to serve for the en
suing year:
County Infirmary— Superintendent, James
Orcutt ; physician, J. \V. Hall Jr.
AlmshouMj— Superintendent, W. J. Wolcott;
physician, Dr. H. C. Brown. : ,
County physicians— San Jose, Dr. J.T.Har
ris ; Gilroy,' Dr. J. \V. Thayer; Mountain View,
Dr. H. B. Emerson; Santa Clara, Dr. Warb-ur
ton.
N. P. Jackson was elected janitor of the
Hall of Records; H. D. Ross, janitor of
Courthouse; James La Piere, night
watchman of Courthouse and Hall of
Records. ]?:'^X- '■.'■;'*■-" . ' ' ' ' '•' -'■■■ ■■-•
The board passed an ordinance protect
ing the song-birds of tbe county. To
shoot or trap them is made a misde
meanor. It goes into effect in fifteen days.
DISAPPEARED WITH A WATCB.
It Belonged to Another Man, Who Wants
the Present Holder Arrested.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 15.— George Paul],
a rancher in the Caiaveras Valley, to-day
swore to a complaint in Justice Gass'
court charging John Hatisen with stealing
a gold watch and chain. Hansen was re
leased from the City Jail yesterday morn
ing after serving a ten days' sentence for
drunkenness. The two men became ac
quainted while at the County Infirmary
some time ago, and when they met yester
day they took several drinks "together.
While in the Scandinavian Hotel Vaull
pulled out his watch and Hansen asked to
see it. While examining the timepiece
Hansen excused himself for a minute and
disappeared with the watch. Hansen is
believed to be in San Francisco. He is
also supposed to have committed several
thefts while in the infirmary.
BOWXE-OSBOItN XUPTIALS.
A Quivt Ceremony Performed by the
Hector of Trinity Church.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 15.— George Max
well Bowne and Miss Laura Terry Os
born, both of San Francisco, were mar
ried in this city at noon to-day by Dr. J.
B. Waketield of Trinity Episcopal Church.
Mr. Bowne, who is a well-known mer
chant of San Francisco, was for many
years a resident of Santa Clara. His
mother. Mrs. Margaret Bowne, and his
sister, Miss Emma Bowne, still reside in
that city. The bride's father is a member
of the firm of Osborn & Alexander of San
Francisco. The family owns a fine
residence and orchard on the Homestead
road, near Santa Clara, where they spend
the summer months each year.
The wedding was a quiet one. Among
those present at the ceremony were the
bride's father, M. W. Bowne, and Mrs C
D. Steiger.
SOt'lA), GAMES FOR CYCLERS.
Garden City Wheelmen Arranging for
Whiat and Milliard. Tournament*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 15.— 0n Monday
evening the Garden Ciiy Cycljrs will in
augurate a duplicate whist tournament at
their clubrooms. The tournament will
consist of a series of four games and be
played on four successive Monday feven
ings. An entrance fee of 50 cents will be
charged. Prizes will be awarded the first
and second players in the contest.
W. W. L.ipseit and E. J. Gilbert have.
been appointed a committee by the cyclers
lto arrange for a series of four, handicap
billiard matches. The games will open
next Wednesday evening and be played on
successive Wednesday evenings. First and
second prizes will be awarded.
Fire at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 15.— Fire to
day consumed the residence of Luis
Flpres, including household furniture and
many valuable musical instruments. The
blaze started from a defective flue, .and be
ing outside the city limits obtained great
headway before the department arrived.
Two small barns were partially burned.
Tne loss is $3600, with only a small insur
ance.
Summerland Boomer* Retire.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 15.—
Easton & Eldridce have taken down their
sign and closed their local office, opened
for the purpose of booming Summerland
oil field lots. While development in the
district is still going on the effort to in
duce speculation is regarded as prematuTe
and not justified by the present product of
the oil field.
Nan Rafael Bond Issue Defeated.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 15.— An elec
tion was held here to-day for the purpose
of voting High School bonds to the amount
of $25,000. Considerable opposition was
shown on account of the large amount to
be voted, many believing $10,000 would bs
sufficient. The proposition was defeated
by fifteen votes.
TO THE BOTTOM OF A SHAFT.
Four Men Killed by Being Hurled Down
a Mine.
REPUBLIC, Mich., Feb. 15.— This morn
ing, while eleven men were being hoisted
up shaft 1 in tne Republic mine in a skip,
the skip in some manner became over
turned, anl the men fell to the bottom of
the shaft. The shaft is a very steep in
cline, and is so deep that the men cannot
use the ladders. They ride from the bot
tom in a skip. Fortunately tlie Bkip had
not been raised very high before it began
to turn over. It had gone up about sixty
feet when the men were thrown out.
Four of the men were instanlty killed
by the fall and one fatally wounded. All
the rest, with the exception of one man,
were more or less seriously hurt. The
dead are James Bridge, B. P. Egelberger,
Andrew Bailed and William C. Grath.
Andred Peterson cannot live. EricJi
Martin had his leg broken.
MVnitERER WILLIAMS 'X,TXCHISI>.
The Slayer of a Volicvman fut to Death
btj a Mob.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Feb. 15.— Robert
"Williams, the negro who shot and kilhd
Policeman John F. Suggs in this city last
night, was lynched in the suburbs of the
city to-night. Williams was arrested at
Cowles station, about thirty miles from
here, on the Western road, this afternoon,
and was being taken from the train a mile
and a half out of town when a large crowd
seized the negro and, hurrying him to a
tree, strung him up.
A Freight Steatnrr Ashore.
FIRE ISLAND, N. V., Feb. 15.— The j
British freight steamer Otranto, from i
Shields, is ashore on the Great South i
beach. She lies head on a mile west of !
the Fire Island life-paving station. There j
is not much sea on and the vessel lies easy, j
She carries no passengers and has a crew j
of thirty men.
THE QUEEN OF THE MAY, MARGARETTE, DAUGHTER OF MR. A.xD MRS. H. SCHNIDER, EAST PORTLAND, OREGON.
EAST PORTLAND, Oregon, Feb. 10.
More people have talked of California in
East Portland during the past week than
had been done previously in a moqth of
Sundays. And all this talk and all this
praise is for tbe great California Sarsapa
rilla—Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It
brought a great, huge flush of delight to
my native face. I take a State's pride in
a- State remedy, and I am pleased to
realize daily the increase in the praise of
California in general and Joy's Vegetable
SarsaparilJa in particular. East Portland
is all alive to the merits of this California
remedy, and one of the best of families in
this pretty suburb oi Portland sends tbe
WOULD CLOSE
SAN QUENTIN.
Governor Budd Believes
One Penitentiary Is
Enough.
A TALK ON ECONOMY.
California, the Executive Says,
Has Too Many Insane
Asylums.
GUARDING THE STATE FUNDS.
His Reason for Vetoing the District
Fair Appropriation Bill Is Ex
plained.
STOCKTON, Cai,., Feb. 15.— Governor
Budd was present to-day at a .meeting of
the directors and members of the San
Joaquin Valley Fair. Association, and in
tiie course of his indirect comments on
President Shippee's statement, alleged to
be derogatory to his official treatment of
the district associations, he made some in
teresting statements in regard to his ideas
of economy. In regard to the veto of the
fair appropriation bill, the Governor said
that a number of the Senators who came
to him to urge it's passage had counted
upon li is being favorable to aiding the
dist-riat fairs out of the State treasiiry, in
asmuch as he was on a note for $6000 with,
other directory of "the association.
He said that the brag had been made
that they could bring an influence to bear
upon him which would force him to sign
the bill.
"When I heard that," said the Governor,
"I cussed."
The Governor believed that the people
were taxed to death Jast year and he was
determined to stand by his promises of an
economical administration. Ii it had not
been that he believed that it would entail
considerable hardship upon some of the
inmates, he said, he would have vetoed
the appropriations for two of the State in
sane asylums, as the present system is en
tirely unnecessary.
Further, the Governor said that he
would be in favor of consolidating San
Quentin wilh Folsom. closing the former
institution, as under one management the
criminals would be cared for at a far less
expense to the State.
When asked why he approved the bill
granting aid to the State fair, he said that
that institution seemed to stand in great
picture of their handsome daughter, Mar
garette Scnnider, as a testimony to the good
of this great remedy.
East Portland, Oregon, boasts of one of
the prettiest Margarette in the land. This
sweet little girl is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. H. Schnider of 282 Crosby street, East
Portland, Oregon. As you see her in the
above picture you see her in the flesh.
Her cheeks are plump, her eyes bright,
and there is color in her face. There is
not a mark, a blot or a blemish to spoil
the beautiful contour of the face. The
reason is given that she has been using
Joy's Vegetable Sarsapari^a. Margarette
sends her love to California and tells of
need of temporary aid, and that, as a State
fair, it was a State institution.
He said that he considered that he had
saved the State $196,000 by his record, and
he would continue to veto all bills which
he considered a grab into the public
treasuty.
After some discussion among the direct
ors and members of the association a com
mittee of twenty was appointed to devise
ways and means for raising the debt and
continuing the fair without State aid.
President Shippee did not attempt to re
fute any of the Governor's statements, but
stated privately that they would refute
themselves.
REPUBLICAN CONVENTIONS.
Congressional Nominations— A Setback for
Elkins and a Gain for
McKinley.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 15.— Congressman
William Lorrimer was renominated for
the House of Representatives to-night by
the Republicans of the Second Congres
sional District without opposition. Con
gressman Hugh R. Belknap was renomi
natea in the Third District Republican
convention by acclamation.
George E. White was renominated for
Congress by the Republicans of the Fifth
District. The Republicans of the First
Congressional District will hold their con
vention Monday night and nominate
Alderman James R. Mann, in place of
Congressman Aid rich, who has declined to
be a candidate again.
The men who were elected delegates to
the National convention from the forego
ing districts were uninstructed as to the
Presidential choice.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 15.— The. Cook
County Republican convention which was
held to-day instructed the 373 delegates to
t!ie State convention to vote for John R.
Tanner for Governor and Henry L. Hertz
of Chicago for State Treasurer.
PARKERSBURG, \V. Va., Feb. 15.-
The protracted session of the State Re
publican Central Committee, which did
not adjourn until long after midnight last
night, was caused by the Elkins faction
trying to force a resolution through pledg
ing the committee's united support to El-
Kins for the Presidency^
The resolution was finally withdrawn.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 15.—Re
publican conventions were held to-day in
four counties and delegates favoring Mc-
Kinley chosen. So far forty-nine counties
have acted, of which fifteen have instructed
for McKinley.
"TEAHIj RIVEKS" DEAD.
She Otcned and Controlled the -»i» Or
leans flcnyuiie.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb. 15.-Mrs.
George Nicholson, proprietor of the New
Orleans Picayune, died to-day. She was
best known as "Pearl Rivers," a Writer of
recognized ability. •
She was the only woman in the world who
owned and controlled a big morning news
paper. Her husband, who was managing
editor of the Picayune, died last week, and
it is thought that worry over his demise,
together with a severe cold contracted two
days ago, caused her death. She was
about GO years of age.
Caused a Second Failure,
CHICAGO. 111., Feb. 15.— The failure of
the banking-house of Kopperl & Co. yes
her delight with Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa
rilla.
Margarette is winsome, bright, and is
easily the prettiest Margarette in the coun
try. I spoke to her father. His place of
business is at 33 Fourth st., Portland. He
came out of his offices especially to tell me
of the great good Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa
rilla had done for the family. "It is,"
said he, "the family medicine now, and
we propose always to keep this remedy in
the house." He advised me to visit many
other houses in Portland and I would
learn of wonderful things that had been
done by Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. He
said he knew of a case of scrofula that was
terday afternoon was followed by a run on
the allfed house of A. Kopperl, which does
a banking and steamship agency business
among the Jewish population. The result
was that the latter house also made an
assignment this morning. No statement
i 3 given.
DEFAZCATIOX ASD DEATH.
Failed, in Buxinrss, Ruined His Father
and Jiobbed His Town.
EPPING, N. H., Feb. 15.— Two weeks
ago this village was thrown into a.commo
tion by the announcement that State Sen
ator Charles E. Folsom, who manufactured
box shooks, had failed for $30,000 and that
his aged father was ruined by indorsing
his son's paper. For the past fifteen years
Mr. Folsom has been chairman of the
Board of Selectmen, and soon after the
failure ugly rumors began to tje circulated
that he had misappropriated some of the
town's money to tide him over.
Within the past twenty- four hours the
excitement attending thefailure has been
greatly increased by the death of Senator
Folsom at an early hour this morning,
and the additional report that he was not
only a defaulter to the extent of $12,000
and more, but had also been a forger on
several occasions to hide his stealings.
Folsom was a man in whom every one re
posed the highest confidence ' and his
habits were of the best.
OF I\TEJtEST TO THE COAST.
I'oatponemetit of Hearing the Xe\o Min
eral Lands Jilll.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.— The
mineral lands classification bill was called
up for consideration in the House this
morning by Representative Johnson, but
upon the suggestion of McMillan of Ten
nessee it was postponed until Monday
next in order to give him time to consult
the Xnterio Department upon the merits
of the bill. This is the billfor classifica
tion of railroad land, introduced in the
last Congress- by Caminetti, and in this
Congress by Johnson.
Colonel H. G. Otis, W. C. Patterson, W.
D. Woolwine and W. G. Kerckhoff of Los
Angeles -are in "Washington in tbe interest
of the improvement of San Pedro harbor
at LO9 Angeles. They will be given a
hearing before the Hbnse Committee on
Rivers and Harbors on Monday.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Alexander H. Mer
ritt, Soldiers' Home at Los Angeles; John
W. JI. Simmons, Kernville; Paul Lieber
mann, Fort Bidwell. Increase— Charles
Crane, Escondido. Original widow — Laura
Robison, Anaheim. Mexican- war surviv
ors, increase— Henry A. Stanberry, Hor
niios. .. / '
Oregon: Original widow — Maria A.
Brunner, Portland.
Washington: Original — Richard Betts,
Centralia. Original widows — Elizabeth
Plait, Quilcene.
Chief for Scientific Bureau.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Fe0.15.-A coal
munication was received in the House
to-day, from Secretary Morton requesting
the allowance of a director-in-chief of
scientific bureaus and investigations, with
a salary of $(3000 per^year.
Three Severe Shocks.
HONESDALE, Pa., Feb. 15.— Three
severe shocks were felt here at 5:57 o'clock
this evening. They were not unlike those
of an earthquake.
Hinckley Dead.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 15.— Thomas
Hawea Hmckley, the artist, died at Miltoa
to-day, at the age of 83.
completely cured by this great blood medi
cine. He also informed me of a lady who
had running sores over the body, and sho
had been using the Sarsaparilla for two
mouths to good effect.
By the way, a remarkable thing in Port
land is that there are no substitutes here.
People are not putting up something "just
as good," and of course when you -ask for
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla you get it
without a murmur. The truth is they an
not cutting the price and druggists make a
rational profit, therefore do not feel in
clined to cheat people. It is a good idea
to publish this letter as written.
HENRY TILLMAN.
56
FATHER YORKE TO
B. F. HUDELSON.
The Chancellor Discusses
the Principles of the
A. P. A.
FOBGERY IS CHARGED.
Bogus Instructions to Catholics
Said to Have Been Cir
culated.
"A MYTHICAL ENCYCLICAL."
The Priest Declares That It Was
Compiled by the Enemies of the
Catholic Church.
Writing in answer to a letter of B. F.
Hudelson the Rev. P. C. Yorke says:.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: The Rev.
Benjamin liudelson. State president of the
A. I. A., shows small respect for the order o!
Which he has constituted himself the ehnm
pion. In his last letter he "established 1 ' a rub
bish heap ftnd proceeded to pitch into it that
patriotic society, the A. P. A. Of course, I hnve
not the slightest desire to quarrel with the
Key. Mr. Iluaelson's sense of the eternal fitness
of things. Ho may not know more about the
A. P. A. thßn I do, but he knows nearly as
much. His judgment, therefore, is not warped
by lack of information, and when he considers
his organization as rubbisn for the garbage
wagon I merely rise to second his motion.
But, Mr. Editor, 1 venture to disagree with
the Key. Benjamin Uudelsou when he inti
mates that we should close our eyes and our
noses to the resting-place of his society. He
prefers that we should review instead the
platoons of ponderous platitudes ■which he
parades before your readers. But I think you
will agree with me that the subject under con
sideration now is not a hotch-potch of truisms,
but the nature of the A. P. A. Though its
friends would consign that society to the rub
bish heap, we must kot forego our right to the
legal formality of an inquest. 'With careful
compression of the nostriis and a liberal use of
disinfectants we may at the end ot a very long
pole investigate this organization, -which its
own champions seem anxious to consign to
oblivion with -burial of a dog.
The Rev. Benjamin Hudelson has •vouch
safed no explanation of his anxiety to.engage
in this controversy. He has not told us how
he is free to violate the solemn oath of the
ritual: "I will not enter into any controversy
with a Roman Catholic upon the subject of
this order. ' Is there one law for the master
ft her for the man, or is the Rev. Benia-
I : . Hudelson merely engaged in that pru
dent operation known as mendinp his fences?
Next month his term of office eomCs to an end,
a:;d already there are other condldates sniff
ing for tne salary. I wonder does h-e imagine
that his fellow patriots who are tired of the
ministerial monopoly of the official hogwash
will be placated t>y his annihilation of the
Papacy in print.
The unfortunate lay members of the order
fry they are sice of "Christian Patriotism."
Many of them are looking with hope to the
ides of March for a break in the solid phalanx
of preachers who stand with both feet in the
trough and resent with sundry snarls the in
trusion of the unconsecrated hoof. To defeat
this unpatriotic expectation of trrfe mere laity,
an expectation no doubtfostered by the Jesuits,
the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson would boom his
own stock by entering the lists against the un
holy minions of Rome. It does not matter
that he is compelled ;o forget his oath. A so
<;>•!>• which tearhes its members that they can
deny with an affidavit if necessary that they
belong to the A. P. A. evidently considers that
sworn promises, like piecrusts, are made only
to be broKen.
CONCKEN-ING PBINCIPLES.
The Rev. Mr. Iludalson seems to think that
we should take the principles of the A. P. A.
on faith. He gays "the principles of any in
dividual largely if not wholly determine his
character," therefore the advertised princi
ples of the A. P. A. are the best index of its
reel nature. I answered that in the case o,
dishonest men and of dishonest societies sueh 1
c statement was humbug, an J, though the Eev.
Mr. Hudeison blaterates about sophisms and
plausibility, I reiterate my answer now. The
common-sense of Americans insists on judg
ine every man and every society not by his
words, but by its deeds. •
Americans are the more anxious to insist on
this point when they are confronted with a
pacic of Pharisees whose morning and who=e
evening prayer is, "I am holier than thou."
The Eturdy horse-sense of our eonntrymen
Bhies at the sight of r tainted flock following
an ecclesiastical bellwether and bleating in
chorus, "We alone are pure." Americans have
not yet reached such a pitch of fatuity as to
believe canting impostors on their words. If
on entering my house I discover an individual
with whose features I am unacquainted stuf
fing mv spoons into his pockets, I do not im
mediately accept his declaration that his sole
intention is to protect my silverware. So when
1 discover a society made up of men, most of
whom are afraid or ashamed to disclose their
Identity, engaged in an attempt to grab every
lucrative office in sight, I am not bound to be
lieve their assertions that are merely endeav
oring to save the country from the- Pope.
111-TORY OF THE A. P. A.
Americans are the more suspicious of the ad
vertised principles ot Apa-ism when they re
member the history of the A. P. A. The Rev.
Mr. Hudelson imagines that I intend to
judge tne teachings of the A. P. A. by the in
terpretations of its enemies. Such is not my
desire. I have no wish to be unjust to the
A. P. A., and if I use a fact which is not au
thenticated, or Jf I quote a sentiment which is
rot genuine, or if I draw a conclusion which is
rot wan-anted by the premises, then I am
willing to make as large and as handsome an
apology as the circumstances require. In this
sad and shameful history of modern intoler
ance nothing is necessary but the truth. So
grotesque, however, are the facts that it may
be often necessary to remain very far on the
fcafe side of the line of verity. I know of noth
ing.in the annals of credulity so disgraceful, so
t-hocking. so pitiable and so vile as the history
of the madness known as the A. P. A.
According to the testimony of the Rev.
Adam Fawcett, one of the grand officers of the
organization, the A. P. A. was born in Clinton,
lowa, about eight years ago. This testimony
way be fouud in the Century Magazine for
July, 1894. Whether the statement is accur
ate or not I do not pretend to cay, but in this
City of San F-ancisco an analogous society
known as the American Protestant Association
w,as flourishing during the seventies. No one
knew much about the organization until the
eecretary grew too hilarious and was found by
a Chronicle reporter one morning dead drunk
on a sack of potatoes with his minute-books
lying beside him. •
The Chronicle published the minutes and'
the names of some of the members. They were
nearly all Orangemen, from Canada and the
norih ci Ireland. The exposureTVilled the so
ciety or drove it into a state of suspended ani
mation. I remark, however, with interest that
nome of the old members are more or less
prominent in the new A. P. A.
THE I*STKCCTIONS.
The A. P. A. generally begins its campaign
by the circulation of literature calculated to
etir up the people against the Roman Catholic
church. One of the commonest of these was
tailed, "Instructions to Catholic. Platform
of the Papal Party as Laid Down by the Pope
Pecci's Hands Rusy with American Affairs."
It purported to be a letter of instructions sent
out by the Catholic hierarchy for tte guidance
of Catholics. It was circulated quite exten
sively in Onio, aceordirrg to Dr. Washington
Gladden, a Protestant minister of that fctate
1 know of my own knowledge tnat it was cir
culated in California, but whether by the A
P. A. or not lam not prepared to say. How
ever, the sentiments contained in it have been
adopted by that society as correct descriptions
of the aims and teachings of the Catholic
chnrch. Moreover, it was published week by
week In scores.of the A. P. A. journals, and
thus used as one of the means to stir up A. P.
A. sentiment in a community.
The "Instructions to Catholics" was made to
appear as if ii were published by the Catholic
)t;sliops # of the United States. It bore the of
ficial signature of eight Archbishops, with the
count«r-bignature of Cardinal Gibbons. It is
described as "decreed and ordered by the pro
vincial council at their session, August 5,
1890." In short, it was represented as a
Pennine document issued to Catholics by their
etcher clergy.
Let us examine a few of the paragraphs con
tinned in this wonderful document:
\V<> view with ajarni the rapid spread of edu
cated intrlllk-iMirp. knowing well that Aherevcr tli«
jipople nre Intelligent, the priest and prince cannot
ii(>|x> to live on Urn labor of tbe masses, .whose
brains lmvo bicu ftnllizeU with our holy cate
chlsm: that, in order to restore i ho prder of thinjis
tbat, made tLe rei<;n of (JrPsory VII, of holy jnom
°T. so glorious, the people must not think; that is
« privilt'Rf that btlongs only to the Pope, who b.
'Mvln<> rit>htis the only penon uppolntod by God to
tlo the politicnl ontl ruligious thinkine of the world..
We view with alarm (be rapid diffusion of the
Knglls!i laagiißJte. It stands before the world as
tho tongue which hns for 300 years ever been oi>
postd to our holy church, »nd those who speak it
hare been foremost in assailing the holy see. '
We «re opposed to any system of schools that
teaohea the youth moru than Roman catechism, or
that teaches the young- to think— it Is unnecessary,
a waste of time and money, when the holy fathf-r
has been appointed by God especially at the Vati
can Council of 1870 to do the thinking of this
worid. Ther -fore we call upon our subjects to do
all they cun to break down acd destroy the free
public schools of this I'roti-stant Nation, which has
compelled us to set up and maintain, at greadex
pense, psrochial schools to defend our faith, thus
lessening the incomes of the clergy.
. In order to tind employment for the many
thousands of the faithfu: who ure coming daily to
swell the ranks of our Catholic nrmy, which' will
In due time possess tliisland, we must secure con
trol of all the ciilea.railways, manufactories, mines,
sti-itm and sallinp vessels— above all, the press— in
fact every enterprise reiiuirins labor, In order to
fnralsb onr newcomers employment: this will
render It necessary to remove or crowd out the
American heretics, who are now employed. You
need not hesitate, it is your duty to do so; you
must not stop at anything to accomplish this end.
There are many wnys to consult you father con
fessor, but be careful to do nothing that will create
scandal.
It may seem Incredible to fensible men that
such a document should be credited, yet cred
ited it was. I know that this denial of its
authenticity will >>c the first seen by many
people here in California, who have looked
upon the instructions as unquestionably genu
ine. Any man who reflects may see the
thing is a forgery from top to bottom. Tne
Archbishops of this country may be knaves,
but certainly they are not fools. And fools
they were and egregious fools if they put their
names to such a document. - But so blind is
bieotry that the forgery was believed by thou
sands and tens of thousands in free America
and during the last decade of the nineteenth
century.
THE ENCYCLICAL.
But the instructions to Catholics were not a
circumstance to the famous encyclical. This
sensational production ordered that all the
Roman Catholics should, on a given day and
date, rise and massacre every Protestantwlthin
the borders of the United States.' • When we-re
member that counting men, women and chil
dren, Catholics in this country are about one
in six of the population, we can werl imagine
the task the A. P. A. set the papists. Yet this
document was sent out from the A. P. A. press
by the million. It was kept for months in
their paper as "standing matter, "-and it was
recognized as one of the most efficient instru
ments of the propaganda. Let me copy the
encyclical in full, bad grammar and all:
. AN ENCYCI.ICAI.
A letter ' from Pope Leo XIII to the Romish
worla.
He asserts the dogma of the temporal right to
govern the earth ad libitum.
Heretics cut off from the chnrch. They.have no
rights. Kon-Itotnan citizens of the Uniied States
must have no privileges. AH Papists absolved
from their allegiance to the United States Uovern
meut.
Encyclical letter of his Holiness Leo XIII, by
divine providence, Pope:
; To the Jesuit?, patriarchs, primates. Archbish
ops anrt other ordinaries in peace and communion .
ith the Apostolic fsee of the entire world.
For the temporal reicn of the future Popes in
the^land discovered by 'Christopher Columbus,
known as the United States of America.
Venerable Brethren: Greeting and the apostolic
benediction, Leo, Bishop nnd servant of all the
servants of God, be it, remembered- by posterity
that he who is omnipotent, la heaven aad on earth
has couridea in his church, which is one holy
Catholic and apostolical, ana out of which there is
no salvation, to one man upon earth, namely, to
Peter, Prince and apostle, and to the Bishops of
Rome, his successors, with fall power to rule
over it. • - ;■■ -.
This Pontiff alone has been constituted head
over all nations and kingdoms, aud invested In
power to destroy, to separate, to scatter, and sab
vert, to plant, build up, link together by mutual
charity, in order to preserve the faithful in the
spirit of unity and surrender them whole and en
tire to their Savior.
In order to fulfill the duties Imposed on us by
divine goodness wp labor incessantly to maintain
the unity of the Roman Catholic religion, which
God has visited with heavy conrlic's. to the end
that His own may be tried and for our correction;
but the numbers and powers of the wicked have so
•far prevailed that no portion of the earth has es
caped their attempts to propagate their infections
and dogmas, being supported among others by the
slave of every species of crime.
The American Republic, and the Protestant rul
ers, is the worst enemy of the church where secur
ity is offered.
This Republic havine seized upon the lands dis
covered by Christopher Columbus, a Roman
Catholic, and usurped the authority and jurisdic
tion of the supreme head of the church, the United
States is filled with obscure heretics.
- The Catholics have been opDressed and the
preachers of iniquity established."
The sacrifice of the mass, prayers, fastint:. absti
nence, celibacy and all the rites of Catholicity have
been ignored by Protestants.
The United Suites has been filled with books
containing the most flagrant heresies, of which the
Protestant version of the Bible Is chief. And not
content with adopting; its false and impious doc
trines, proselyting has been resorted to to turn the
Catholics from the one true church. The whole
Roman Catholic hierarchy and priesthood of the
world have been deprived of their livings by -the
Protestant heretics of America.
Courts have been set up and rendered, decisions
in ecclesiastical causes, and the people forbidden
to acknowledge the authority of the church or to
obey its ordinances and canonical decXsiort.
Naturalization oaths have been demauded to
subscribe to the United States Constitution, with.
nefarious laws and its nefarious teachings to re
nounc-' the true authority of the Roman pontiff;
to acknowledge him to be the head of both church
and state, whereby those who have persevered in
the faith have be<.-n compelled to suffer spiritual
affliction. . . .. - .
Catholic bishops and clergy have beati deprived
of vast lands, and this known to all nations and so
clearly proved that all palliation, argument or pro
test on the part of the United Stales is unavailing.
We find, moreover, that .impiety and crime have
Increased, that persecution against the religion of
Kome is redoubled by the Protestants dwelling in
the United States.
With deep sorrow we are now constrained to
have recourse to the arm of justice and obliged to
take action a«ainst a nation that has rejected the
Pope as the head of all church and state govern
ments.
In virtue, therefore, of the divine authority by
which we have been placed on this supreme throne
of justice, an office so superior to our capability,
we do, in the plentitude of .apostolic power, declare
that all heretics and the eDcouruturs of heresy, to
gether will 'all adherents, have incurred the" sen
tence of excommunication, and they are hereby
cot off from the unity of the body of Jeans ClirisL
Moreover we pro laim the people of the United
states of Americato have forieitt-ci all riirht to rule
said Republic and also all dominion, d'hrnity and
privileges appertaining to it. We likewise declare
i hat al! subjects of every rank and condition in the
Cnsteit State . and every individual who has taken
an oath of loyalty to the United States in any wav
whatever, may be absolved from said oath, as also
from all duty, fidelity or obedience, on or about
the sth of September, 1893, when the Roman
Catholic Congress shall convene at Chicago, 111.,
as we shall exonerate them from all engagements
and on or about the feast of Ignatius Loyola, in
the year of our .Lord 1893, Jt will be the duty of
the faithful to exterminate all heretics found
within- the jurisdiction of the United states of
America.
As the circulation of this bull, by sending to all
places, woold become a matter of difliculty. it is
commanded that copies of it betaken anrt signed
by Jesuit notaries, subscribed by a Bishop and
signed ty the seal of our court. "They will then
have the same power and efficacy a s these presents
here.
pc.lven at St. Peter's, Rome, on the 25th day of
December, 1891, the fifteenth year of our Ponti
ficate. LKO XIII, Pope.
But, Mr. Editor, your readers may say surely
sensible people put no credit in such unmiti
gated rot We may admit that sensible people
could not credit it, but we must remember
that the number of fools is infinite. There is no
so fact easily demonstratudas that this encycli
cal was looked upon by thousands as a verit
able command from the Pope containig orders
for a veritable massacre.
GLADDENS TESTIMONY.
1. In the first place.letlme quote Dr. Washing
ton Gladden. Ido not call liim as a witness to
interpret the principles of the A. P. A., but I
call him as a witness to give testimony to facts
He says in the Century Magazine fo"r March,
1894:
A protestant minister of Columbus, Ohio, stated
not long aeo in an ecclesiastical assembly that he
had purchased a Winchester rifle to defend him
self against the Komanisls. The following extract,
from a letter written by a physician in one of the
smaller towns in Ohio described ii state of things
which is not uncommon in Western communi
ties:
'•We have been, and still are, having an excite
ment in our usually quiet town in regnrd to the
Catholic question. There is not a Calhdlio in the
entire township: but a lar^e nuinlior of our people
are intensely Nilrred up. sonic almost prouratcd
with fear, afraid that the Ca:ho!ics are about mak
ing a wholesale attack upun Protestants, killing
and plundering and destroying our schools and
churches. Uf course it obtains the strongest foot
hold »m«g the ignorant and unthinking, yet Jt
seems to cause great uneasiness and fear among
many of the more intelligent."
One of my neighbors, a Justice of the Supreme
Court, having some acquaintance with this com
muni-yand feeling curious to know whether this
repon was correct, wrote aid satisfied himself of
its substantial accuracy. If the documents on
which the A. P. A. is making its catapaign. are
genuine this is prpclsrly the state of feelings whi.-h
oimiit to i\xisr. ••There is not a Catholic in the en
tire township," says my correspondent. In such
c-ommunities terror Is much more easily excited.
The peOole of these rural neighbors are told the
meat lurid tales of what is going on in the cities.
IttTBBARD's TESTIMONY.
2. In the Arena for June of the same year
Mr. Elbert Hubbard, a non-Catholic, and I
think a minister, gives similar testimony:
A year ago I was visitlnir an old farmer friend in
Illinois, and very naturally the talk was of the
Kreai fair. Was he going? Not he, he dared not
leave his home a single day; did I not know that
the Catholics had Deen ordered by the I ope to
burn the bams anrt houses of nfi heretics? It
sounded like a joke, hut I saw the gray eyes of this
old man flash and 1 knew he was terribly in earn
est. With trembli#sc haDds he showed me the
Pop* s encyclical, printed in a newspaper which
had a deep border of awtul black. 1 tried to te'.l
th»s manih»t Pope Leo XI II; was a wise and
diplomatic loader, and probably the most enlight
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
-^-^-^.^.^.^ 1,;.^.^, j. : '  - 1.-^-__,^^^l .-^-__,^^^ ■;-._■ ■• ■■ " ; ' ' ■'.- ; y-_ '"_'_"- : 'i •■.':' : - •-*:■' : NEW-; TO-DAY. ■ '.h'-. : V? i : <\< -■ft:, /■i-^^i ' '"■■ ■ ■■^'■^■^ : ■'_.■ __•_■_■_ ;*_- J ■:'.'_■
| CHOICE PICKINGS FROM OUR BARGAIN COLLECTION!
9 . ■ ■■' ';<-..:,• .; \ " — — '•" — — — — . *-g^g»-^^* — — — ■ ■ — • .' • • — - . • - ;; ;\-'" "' . Q
5 :, Our establishment is one vast aggregation of bargains. Go where you will through the place, upstairs or A
x downstairs, front or back, and you will find interesting and tempting prices on things. New goods are arriving A
X in some of the departments, and others are working hard to get rid of present stocks before new ones arrive, A
x so a visit nowadays would be doubly attractive to you. While we appreciate your visits at any time we suggest A
x morning trading. The earlier you call the greater the comfort. The afternoons always bring a big crowd. A
P FANCY SILKS, HOSIERY — OUR SHOES SUITS — — TABLE LINENS A
I FANCY SILKS, HOSIERY OUR SHOES SUITS TABLE LINENS |
3? SOC a Yard. —-.and- — - Are solnz fast. If your size Is hero —and— . SI qq a Yard $
¥At this price wThave thrown on T INfiFPIF ! VSL7?i^c^ '* leSS tha ° half lAf k'PTQ f ' — " " ±
2g our counters every piece of Fancy JUlil VJEIV I What they cost. . • J/\wIVCID! m i 35
3C Novelty Silk that was $125, $1 and ;";;■;> ___ .. ■ - X- A . -yt» -. ' . We place on sale to-day as an extra oflo
oXo 75cayard. The lot consists of figures, O oc«^ia. «^ n i Af *Sf f\f\ LADIES' KID OX- "~ attraction in our Linen Department »oo
oXo stripes, checks and floral designs in SPECIAL at 25c a Pair. .• ril «pi.UU* FORD TIES, In SPECIAL at $2.50 Each. 10 pieces of extra fine quality Silver £g
c*o all the "up-to-date" coloringa and 50 doz. Ladies' Dull-finished Black sizes 2to 4. Reduced from $2. A line of Ladies' Solendidlv Taf- Bleached^ Table Damask, full 70- 3£
3g styles. For Waists, Full Costumes, • Lisle Hose, double soles and high- *___ uin»*. loredSuits in blick nlvvblueand inches wide, of the most excimsite 3C
3C Fancy Work and Linings these Silks " spliced heels, Richelieu ribbed, a a £w ■ I AmPV FDPNrH tan 1 effect i'that have been marked designs, and which under ordinary 2ta
± ch B oice QSt tLe tbinS ' : COmO 6arly lQf «tr a length.' Regular valued aAt $1.00. Kl ""bu^To!! \ . Sffi'a.'SS.Tw'Si^. SXTi" ySSt* We hav^S ¥
oflo ' . " . SHOES, sizes Ito 3. Were $5, _ kins to match all the designs, full gg
o*o £301- POSITIVELY NO SAMPLES SPECIAL at 39c a Pair. $4 and $3 a pair. ; SPECIAL at $3.95 Each. % sizes, at $3 50 a dozen. 3C
2S OF THESE BILKS WILL BE GIVEN o 0 doz n T kdi ' Silk-nlaited Hose . —  A line of Ladies' Strictly Tailor- _. _ . . . T~l^ '-^ 3C
± Tn°R R Y E AV T r; S??rKS R wS- "black and^colors. p RegularTl At 55 1 OC LADIES> SATIN ■ So a ? h e - Suits of very fine grade ,of Eltra ecial afc $1.75 a »OZ6n ' ±
3G BKAnnWFI? E iS HANGLS^ ILL quality. fa •* t\L «Pi.y^. SLIPPERS, with Sateriau nC 'n miStUr?SandChe fi k d 100 dozen Hemmed Huck Towel So
OJO BE ALLOWED.^J , /* _ £1^ jrenuine French heels, sizes 3to o^-Imind /i^" U t were t all In that are well worth 25c each. These §E
Sg • ___ I>Vl>l!f^ CJIIIT riPi! -I- 4 ' V eres4 - ou.?loand?l2so_assortment S , towels are washed aud ready for 4|
¥iI)WC<CI nAAIiCit BAClft^ OjLIl Villij» A , c ' ; "TiniP«» c DOIINin special at $2.50 Each. ;: . use> ; ±
llftbMS faUUIIM : The2ookind......Forloceach . At heel KID SHOES. '■ V^^H^S^^'' WISH MFSS FIRRIfS W
¥ nncQCMflTCßiflic^P- -SS:K;gSSi§ISSoSS£ • wHh coih top., sizes 4to 7 : «A»H.lWifi»» ?ABiUW. $
DR.EBS ISATERIALSnr^ IffJtoPktad^FSSSh were$ 3 . __ . tat^^liiha^YhVnJJ-SK- Af k» -'*» v^°* two. $
IW&W^™ ..... vv /lip ... The 11.50 kind.... For 75c each v At $100 MISSES* KID Soopin'g sleeves! '"ll7^ At bC. toned Crepona, ia a great
3C IS^^YSSJ^A'TTT^ct Ilia It is absolutely impossible for us to AL «Pl»vU. DaNCIN q S Llp. are waists that sold for $5, $6 and variety of colors. 3£
¥ lc^C S H R^I D r{l^l: LIES LU U &\£S^J^$&SL ' PEkS ' SIZCS I 2 t0 2 ' WCre $3 ' ■ COM^EARLY for th se li fcM At BJC '^7^±iSK2" "* 1
°x? CHEVIOT SUITINGS you that in the line are all colors, all A . ~T7, "tc o , „. , i l/OMi^. liAliLY,^^ f or these lines if you -O-v V3\J» Crinkled Seersuckers. 060
± PLAID SUITINGS. sizes and all kindsof styles and shapes. At Si. 00. — At lOp FancTiTgured Lawns and ±
* nor<se muthi/ii c * Mostly everything in stock selling up SiS 0,,"^ i i° W %l3is£i SPECIAL at $1,50 Each. At lUC. striped and Plaid Cre-cAo
°^° ntsrAo MIITrDIAI «5 « to $1 50 apiece has been marked down either Oxford Ties or Nullifiers, or'CU.IAU at $l.t>U tach. ponettes «$°
< jsl U fit iVifl I tnIMLO ■" |1 for this sale. Come early before the sizes 12 to 2. Reduced from $2 A lot -of our regular $3 to $750 ■ ' •— _ 060
3u AT nfilfV assortments are broken. and $2 50. values in Children's Jackets, all A f 1Ql rt o \r Q -«/I Fine Organ- 3£>
3u qttv TVfiYWT\"<sTTV'rT\ir<?" ml IS 1 - & '<*'■ made with full sleeves and of hand- ilb I^2^ Cl XdilU. dies, Corded 3g
4° I* T\rH rHFVTOTS U U «^ rr t. " • A f FAr CHILDREN'S- FEI.T some cloths, in shades of tan, red Dimities, Grass Lawns, New Per- ;3C
°& NOVFLTY WOOL PLAIDS 7 SPECIAL at lOC Each. /\t' 5°C. SLIPPERS, assorted a , n t navy blue; many of them cales, Black Swiss, with white 3£
± CHAKGEABLE-CHEOKBT ; Ladies' Black Woolen Mixed Vests, ' sizw. Reduced from $I. . elaborately trimmed. • figures .Wool and Cotton Challies .35
3u ppvyph vmrviTrv* hich neck with both long and ' • " ■ ;•'.•;;■ in dark colors, High - grade cxx>
BOUCLBSUIThSS ' nSIO assortments are broken. A and $2 50. "B» CALP values ia at $5.00 Each. all .' Plisses New p Ze P hyrs Ind Ging. 35
<;ttv IcrrTBT»*RTTT»rTTMIfI .Bia s made with full sleeves and of hand- ilt I^2^ «/ Xdl U. dies, (Jorded fVI
M^CH CHEVIOTS UU ot^c^,*. ,« rr i. Af ffrkr' CHILDREN'S FEI.T some cloths, in shades of tan. red Dimities, Grass Lawns, New Per- 3C
xoC'p'rTY worn f pt 1 ATr»q SPECIAL at 10c Each. /\L s"^» SLIPPERS, assorted an< i nav 7 blue : many of them caies, Black Swiss, with white 3£
ChInGfAbLECHECKS:' Ladies' Black Woolen Mixed Vests, s \ z Ys. Reduced from $1. elaborately trimmed. . figures Wool ani Cotton Challies 3fc
ssssr^sasssr- s^ss^ with both lons and Af c ¥ ™^ O y S . . b » ca LP special a * EaC h. s^wass *
§^ — - At 3>1.00. BUITTON SHOES Ladies> BoucleCloth Jackets, made hams, Piques and Ducks. 3g
o<?2 The above two lines of Dress Goods c P p riAI at<tinnParh «1»m itn?i/ w*m en ■ in box style, with extra large melon i V-*^'M Vpinpd Tiwni Colored °ir
Hg at 25c and 50c a yard comprise the SPECIAL at $1.00 Each. . sizes 4to 5%. Were $2.50. sleeves, sizes 32 to 40. in black and At 15C.BatU.tes G^ass Linons 35
|C grandest collection of Dress Fabrics Ladies' Heavy-weight Silk Vests, "^T«ti»ta«-. » navy biue. Reduced from $10 50 Dimilies Dark' Crenons and Or' '2S
3u ever shown in this city lor sucn prices. high neck and short sleeves, in Af <Cj rin YOUTHS' "B" each.' \ . i)imities, Dark Lrepons aua ur- 000 .
OAO They are all new poods, specially pink, light blue, lavender and pink. *»»- M/l^W. CALFLACB gandies. °v^
oflo adapted to spring 1 wear Many of Were $2 25 apiece. SHOES, sizes 11 to 2. Were $2. SPECIAL at $8.50 Each. ■. nn nn- OC. «.J JC. .W4 3C
060 them would De value at double the \ _• — - ____ Ladies' French Boucle Jackets of At 2flC, 25C, 35C anil 45C a Yd. ±
± SPECIAL at $1.25 Each. At 7^C. AND I ACP SHOP? extra fine quality, velvet collars We are showing by far the grand- °g
± NOVELTY DRESS ad H ieS H ° av >'-™ ght B , ilk VeSt9 ' Oy; s ? C u { ,suTab. L e A for.afies°and Ityi. wTh fii^e taVk."^^ SnaJffiSS^E |
P P A TT FD NI^ black only, a deduced from $2 50 Doys, sizes 2 '» to 4. Were $2 or navy ome sizes Mto°- Re ever shown under one roof. .D C f
060 PAI I CKIN^ • apiece ' - '' ' ' ■ v^ ; aucea irom $1^ scription would do them little y
tdj-- , <D7cnc v THE LATEST NOVELTY! SPECIAL at $9 95 Each justice. Come and see Q
g*b and $7.bU bach. special at 65c Each. GRASS LISOS HASDRERCHIEFS Ladies ' Tan - Tack^ «ad , oinno rw irnI^TiDOAVO Q
7^ Our entire stock of Imported Cos- Children's Union Suits, strictly all «tt4pO IJIIIVJ IlililUliMlUUllJirO ■ medium weight Kersey cloth, box SEW SECK RIBBOIS. A
VJ tumes marked down to these two wool. They are regular. $2 suits, Jg Cents EclCh. front, ripple back and 'full mando- VJ
A prices. Among them will be found but being somewhat imperfect . in m.,1. n Mh» nnw „,«< ■:„»„ -,i #h lin sleeves, trimmed with fancy An elegant line of 3, 4 and 5 inch A
V every one that ia left of our $15, |20 the weave wo have refused to ac- maae oi me new grass nnon, witn pearl buttons and half lined with Fancy Ribbons to wear as collars V
Q and |25 Suits. You can have two or . cept them and are letting them go an insertion ana eaglng 01 imitation silk, sizes 32 to 40. Reduced from' —THE NEW FAD— at 25c 85c (_>
T three now for the regular price of one. for account of the mill. Moniton Lace. $15. • and 50c a yard. ' JL
■JL — . — — : -«-s»*^s*£«^*tf-»— — — — — * JL
6<KK>O<H><KK><KK>O-^^
ened man who had been at the head of the Roman |
church for many yrars, and by no human proba- i
bility could he ao" a thing which would work such
Injury to the Catholics as well as the rest of human
ltv. (This pretended encyclical has since been
proved and acknowlM'gedaforgery.) Jiut my argu
ment was in vain. I was taken to the chief cler
gymen in the villace. a Presbyterian and a Meth
odist; both were full of fear and hatred toward the
CathoHs, with a little left over for each other.
They were sure that the order to kill and burn had
gone forth.
And bo in many towns and villages, as I jour
neyed, I fodnd this quaking f?ar. In many places
men were arming themselves with Winchester
rifles: many preachers never spoke in public with-
I out fanning the mime: A. P. A. lodges were rap
j Idly initiating new members, and lurid literature
which was being vomited lorth from presses in
I Louisville, Chicago, Omaha and Kansas City was
I bein^ Bpntoutjbroadcast.
For a year J have endeavored to find proof that
the Catholic churoh in America was arming and
drilling men. or countenancing such actions, as so
boldly stated by the leaders In the A. P. A. }n
many cities I have been given permission to
search every part of convents, monasteries and
churches where arms were said to be stored. In
vain hiis been my search. I have used all methods
known to detectiveajto find any Catholic in posses
sion of orders to maltreat his neighbors. Kore
qutst, or suKutstion, or hint showing a desire to
injure Protes:ants have I ever been able to trace
to a Catholic priest, bishop or other dignltury.
And It is now the conclusion of all unprejudiced
men who have Investigated the matter that the
I letters "encyclical," ••bulls'* and orders which are
being printed in A. P. A. papers and purporting to
come from the Koman Catholic church are flag
rant forgeries.
The A, P. A. seeks to soread 'hate. It thrives by
fear and its only weapon is untruth. This broad
cast sowing of falsehoods is doubtless done by men
who are thriving by it politioally and financially,
and the real victims «»re the people who believe
these outraceous stories, subscribe for the papers
and pay dues to be initiated into the A. P. A.
lodces- Yet whenever any one has taken up pen
to try to stop the insane panic he has been creeted
as a "Jesuit, hireling." Occasionally, however, we
fet a cU'nr note of protest from such men as B. O.
"lower, Washington Gladdr-n and David H wing —
men who have so placed themselves on record In
tiie pp.st that their attitude toward Borne cannot
possibly be misunderstood.
IN CALIFORNIA.
3. In this State of California the document
was used and with much success. The first I
heard of it was from Fresno, where it was dis
tributed during a school election to influence
voters against one of the candidates who "was a
Catholic. At that time the encyclical was
published in the Monitor (December 10, 1892),
together with ft complete refutation. But the
A. P. A. cared little for refutations. The next
time I heard of it was in this City. It was dis
tributed at the lectures of Dr. York, whose
speeches weje afterward reported in the local
A. P. A. organ. Bishop Montgomery informed
me that a well-dressed and apparently intelli
gent man had come to him with the encyclical
and said: "Surely you are too good a man to
do what this commands you." He had not
the slightest doubt about the authenticity of
the document. His only hope appeared to be
that the Bishop was not'as bloodthirsty as the
Pope.
THE TAPISTS ARMING.
To back up the commands given out in the
encylical it was assiduously whispered in all
the councils that, the Catholics were arming.
All over the country the word was sent that
rifles had been consigned to father such and
and such a one. One of the most wWely cred
ited of these canards was that a case marked
"mass wine" and addressed to Bishop Spalding
had been accidentally opened by the customs
inspector at Pcoria and found to containguus.
The customs inspector was overwhelmed with
letters from all parts of the United States and
Canada, and was at last compelled to print a
circular saying that Bishop Spalchng had not
received a packace through the Custom-house
for three years, and that never had he received
such a consignment as that mentioned In the
A. P. A. papers.
LOS ANGELES.
This report about arms concealed In churches
and secret drillings of Catholics was not un
known in California. An incident which was
reported in all the daily papers may be re
membered by your readers. Ex-Governor
Sheldon was making an A. P. A. speech in Lo6
Angeles. He stated that there were arms con
cealed in the .basement of the cathedral. A
Catholic gentleman present, named Donnefcan,
produced a certified check for $1000 and of
fered, to pay it over if arms should be found,
and asked that a committee be appointed to
search the cathedral on the spot. The ex-
Governor refused to accept the test, but the
Lord alone knows how many times he repeated
the old story afterward.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Here in San Francisco arras were located by
members ot the A. P. A. at various times in the
Old Mission, in the basement of St. Ignatius, iv
the cathedral and, at St. Charles. The boys of
the League of the. Cross seem to have caused
the patriots much anxiety. One rattle-brained
o!d idiot named Nichols saw about thirty of
them oil Shotweli street going through their
I maneuvers, and straightway he dashed bare
headed into tne Mission Benevolent Society,
A. P. A. Lodge No. (>, and informed the
"friends" t bat 500 able-bodied men weredrill
inc with Winchester rifles in front of his
house — of course gettinc ready to clean out
Protestants.
Only a few ■weeks ago the Cadet Company of
Pt. Patrick's parish attended the rally at Odd
Fellows' Hall. Its progress was observed by a
patriot named Terry, who informed his lodge
at the next meeting that he saw "about forty
young -micks,' armed with swords and carry
ing as fine an American flag as ever he saw
marching along the streets." He eloquently
denounced the whole performance and nearly
scared the few Scandinavians present who un
derstood English out of their senses.
THE SAN RAFAEL FORTIFICATION.
But perhaps the most eloquent tribute to the
utter fatuity of Apaism whs the affair of the
San Rafuel'Orphan Asylum. At that institu
tion the water supply has Always been a seri
ous problem. To solve it Father Crowley a few
years ago built a reservoir on the top of a hill
back of the institution. A vigilant patriot
spied the peculiar structure and immediately
visions ot armed papists flashed before his
mind. Sitting down he dashed off the follow
ing communication, which was duly inserted
in the American Patriot June 28, 1894:
Rome's Bloody Hand.
Preparations to Destroy the Lives ot Americans
Who Try to Free the Land From the
Hand of Eome.
San* Francisco, June 23, 1894.
Editor Amrriran Patriot: Though living in the
midst of Papists, tho trumpet voice of the Patriot
aroused me for the first time to a sense of th« dan
ger that threatens us la this free hind. I believe
in equal rights for all loyal citizens, but traitors
should have no right or protection . under the in
stitutions which they endeaver to overthrow.
After careful investigation I have satisfied my
self that the charges made by you against the
Romish priests are true in every respect : and that
a great many more serious charges might be made
which are equally well founded in fact.
Do you know that all over our country military
organizations are being formed in Catholic
churches? Yonng men, raised In parish schools, Rre
drilling and arming night after night, in order, 1 am
told, "to shoot down the A. P. A.'s." I have seen
with my own eyes a large number of rifles hidden
away in the basement of a Komish church at the
Mission, ami I am credibly informed that the beer
bibblog pastors of nearly all of these churches are
turning their residences into veritable arsenals.
It was reported ii few weeks ai;o that some
members of the A mericun Protective Association,
under the guidance of the Key. Mr. Henry, had
determined to make a descent upon a Roman
I'atbolic Orphan Asylum, near San ttafael. for the
purpose of releasing the poor children imprisoned
there.
Immediately the superintendent of the place
threw up a for;lfica:lon on a hill commanding the
institution, aud introduced two pieces of cannon to
blowout oT existence any American citizen who
might attempt to go there in the interest of re
ligion and humanity. The fort is there still, "and
there," the oilieial in charge swears, "it must
stay."
You see, Mr. Kditor, what a brood of traitors you
have to deal with.
The grand and e'.orious movement of which your
paper is the advocate has scared them out of their
hypocrisy, and now their true character shows
itself.
We need unity and numbers now to stem the
current of Popish power, and all true Americans
should rally to our standard. More anon, from
yours iv a noble cause, David A. Anderson.
Of course Apadom was chilled to its marrow.
One ventursome patriot, however, picked up
courage enough to investigate. After careful
reconnoitering he at last satisfied himself that
the fortification was only a water tank, and his
disgust was so great that it had to Jind an out
let in print.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE.
The arms in St. Mary's Collesre, however, was
a sensation which thrilled every true A. P. A.
from th« Willamette to San Diego.
It appear* that there is a cadet company
among the boys of St. Mary's College. In all
there were from 100 to 200 ' boys in the organi
zation. They were armed with condemned
rifles, bought several years ago at the Beuicia
Arsenal, and which were warranted not to go
off under the severest provocation.
When the fire occurred in St. Mary's College,
in 1894, the arms were piled up on the campus,
and afterward carried off to a store in the city.
Straightway the Occident, the Presbyterian
and the Patriot, the A. P. A. organ of this
town, came out with blood-curdling reports ot
the plots laid by the priests to murder all Piot
estants. The story spread like wildfire. One
reverend idiot up in Salem, Or., publicly
thanked God that the college had been burned.
It grew as it went, and when it reached San
Diego it had swelled to the dimensionsof 700
stands of arms. The Santa Ana Blade of March
27, 1895, gave the lie in this form, nnd it was
copied by the Pasadena Daily livening Star,
which quoted the Rev. Campbell Coyle of Oak
land, Victor Stewart »nd A. J. McMurtry as
sponsors for the pnblication. The father, how
-1 ever, of toe lie was the Rev. Barton \V. Perry,
whose distinguished services to the Occident
almost terminated its existence, and who is
generally suspected to be one of the many old
women who infest our pulpits in male disguise.
These, Mr. Editor, are specimens of some of
the tactics employed by the A. P. A. They bear
out my contention tha; the organization was
begotten in fraud and brought forth iv fojßery.
I have, however, only touched the outskirts
of the subject. The depth and the density of
the popular ignorance which could permitthc
use of such documents as these given above
may appear phenomenal, but the depth and
density of the moral depravity which would
permit the employment of such tactics I am
yet to chronicle will appear more phenomenal
still. Yours truly, P.-C. Yokkk.
HUDELSON REPLIES.
Tho A. P. A. President Continues
His Analysis of Chancellor
Yorke's Criticism.
Office of the
State Council of California,
Room 40, Academy of Sciences building, 819
Market street.
San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 15, 1895.
To the Editor of The Call— Deab Sir: I inclosed
my letter yesterday with the consideration of
Father Yorke's reply to the fifteenth of the
questions which I had asked him. That fa-r in
his communication we had found many princi
ples of the A. P. A. of which Father Yorke ap
proved and had gone far toward demonstrat
ing that even from the standpoint of the Chan
cellor of the Archdiocese of San Francisco the
American Protective Association is not nearly
so black as he himself would have the public
to believe. Resuming, then, the consideration
of his letter at the point where 1 left off I beg
to submit the following.
QVE9TION 18.
"Does not Blr. Yorke believe thnt exemption
from taxation is equivalent to a grant of public
funds, and is he hostile to the taxatiou of all prop
erty the title to which is not vested in the Na
tional or State Government or their subdivisions?"
Youkk'sKkply— In non-prod active operations to
say that exemption from taxation is equivalent to
a grant from public funds is rubbish. I believe
that the exemptions from taxation .granted by the
State of California to young orchards, for instance.
are dictated by sound public policy, and are in no
sense grants of public f u nds.
Mor over, I believe that in those States where
exemption from taxation is granted to churches
the result is a thousaud times more beneficial to
the State than the aitry sums received in tax
ation would be. In i allfornia church property
has been always taxed and therefore there is no
nepd for that plank in the A. P. A. platform.
Moreover, I believe the MethoUst bishops and
preachers who are ngit- tine the repeal of the tax
are just as good Americans as Benjamin Hudel
son, and I know that they pay more taxes than the
whole a. P. A. put together.
In this reply there is much bosh. Father
lorke s individual belief as to the American
ism of "Methodist Bishops and ptcachers." or
as to "the soundness of certain matter's of
public policy," or as to the beneficial or non
beneficial results of "exempting church prop
erty from taxation in other States"— these "cut
no ice," are not evidence and are, therefore,
irrelevant. And for that reason I relegate
them to the "rubbish-heap."
As to other matters Father Yorke says: "In
non-productive operations to say that exemp
tion from taxation is equivalent to a grant of
public funds is rubbish." Perhaps it is rub
bish from his point of view; but, nevertheless,
the statement is true, and so axiomatic as to
scarcely need exemplification here. If I owe
$1000, whether it be to the State for taxes or to
a private individual for groceries, and if I be
forgiven the debt, who can deny that such
forgiveness is equivalent to a grant of the said
sum of $1000, whether I be engaged in a "non
productive operation" or not?
Father Yorke's phrase, "in non-productive
operations," is infelicitous, because vague
and indefinite as to meaning; or, if from his
poiut of view it be considered felicitous, it
Can only be because It conceals his meaning as
he desires. If intended to mean anything at
all, the expression renders the father's idea
that church property is "non-productive," aud
should therefore be exempt from taxatiou.
The same argument would logically render
exempt from taxation all vacant city'lots and
all uncultivated outside lands, and perhaps
the father thinks that too would be "sound
public policy." Perhaps he denies that this
would be equivalent to a grant of public funds
Perhaps he wouid like to deny, also, that
"water runs down hill."
Father Yorke refers to the exemption from
taxation granted to young orchards; he may
also be aware that growing crops are exempt.
Does he not know that the exemption arises
largely from the difficulty of accurately value
mg sucli crops, aud that the exeiaptiou does
not extend to the land upon which the crops
are giowa or to the buildings in which they
are stored, or to the private residonce of the
grower?
Mr. Yorke says that "church property In I
California has been always taxed, and there- |
fore there is no need for "that plank in the A.
P. A. platform." Is Mr. Yorke ignorant that j
there are other Stales besides California in the
Union? Or upon what does he base his asser-.
tion that then? is no need for this plank in i
what is the Xational platform oi the A. P. A.,
formulated as I have heretofore explained, by
the Supreme Council of the United States ?
Mr. Yorke also declares that he knows that
certain people who advocate exempting church
property from taxation "pay more taxes taan
the whole A. P. A. put together." Inasmuch
as Father Yorke ostensibly objects to the A. P.
A. upon the ground of its secrecy, it is passing i
strange how intimately he is acquaiuted (to
hear him talk) with the individuals who com
pose its membership and with their private !
affairs. His all-containing knowledge "of the
affairs of the tax collectors' and the assessors'
offices of every county of every State in the
Union so nearly approaches the infinite as to
be appalling. He declares he can prove all his
statements. Will he kindly, for the edification
oi the public, prove this one concerning the i
comparative amount of taxes paid by Meth- j
otiist Bishops and preachers and dv members l
of the A. P. A.?
As a matter of fact, this principle goes far to
explain the animus of the Catholic hostility to
the A. P. A. The church's pocket-book is
touched, and her champions rage accordingly.
It is a matter of finance— a question of dollars
and cents and not of religion.
QUESTION 17.
"Does Mr. Yorlce favor the enlistment in the mili
tary arm of the Government ot any one not act
ually a citizen of the United States?"
Yobke's Answer— Any man who is willing to j
offer his life in the defense of our Government, and
who swears allegiance to the flat;, is tit to be an
American soldier. Jn the War of the Revolution
and ot the Rebellion, men who were not citizens
earned their citizenship at the prlcu of their blood.
(Tirade.)
Father Yorke, yon be? the question. I ask
you if you favor the enlistment of non-citi
zens in the United States army and navy, and
you say that certain men are fit for American
soldiers. Will you answer my question? And
in future In this discussion please keep just a
trifle nearer the point at issue and not go wan
dering away to the times of the American i
Revolution, when this country had not yet per- |
fected its permanent form of government nor
enacted its naturalization laws.
question 18.
"Does Mr. Yorlce object to our requiring some
proof of the aoiiity and honest intention to be
come self-supporting American citizens from all
immigrants?"
Yokke'B Hepi.y— l think such a proof Is neces
sary to protect ourselves against pauper inimigra-
Uon. Besides (Tirade.)
If Father Yorke thinks such proof is neces
sary he can scarcely condemn those who advo
vatc its requirement. Therefore, he approves
this principle of tiie A. P. A.
question 19.
"Would Mr. Yorke object to the repeal of the act
authorizing the naturalization of minors without a
previous declaration of intention ; and Is he- hostile
to a provision by law that persons to be natural
ized must speak the language of the land and must
prove seven years' continuous resilience in this
country from the date of the declaration of inten
tion?"
Yorke's Answer— l am of the opinion that
minors who have been raised and educated in
America are just *s competent to become citizens
as the Canadian or .-candinavian who has been
here for seven. I consider it a good thing that, all
candidates lor citizenship should know .English,
bull would — (Tiraae).
The supple activity with which Father
Yorke dodges about a question or passes over
it, tou&hing only the high spots, is amusing.
I ask him if he lms any objection to requiring
a declaration of intention from minors pre
vious to their naturalization, and if he objects
to raising the required time of previous resi
dence to seven years. He 'remarks that he
thinks that minors raised in this country are
"just aa competent to become citizens" as
| members of certain nationalities '-who have
| been here for seven years." But that is no
reply to the question, and here again he has
dodged an issue.
QUESTION 20.
"Does Mr. Yorke object to a protest against the
laxity with which -our present naturalization laws
are administered?"
Yorke's answer— Like the purification of poH
tics, this is a matter which depends much on the
judge who administers the law. No law should be
administered with laxity. But when a (Tirade
against the A. P. A.)
How plainly Father Yorke "has not" ad
ministered my question! I asked if he per
sonally "objects to a protest against laxity
etc." In return he quotes a sonorous gener
ality, "No law should be administered wi'h
laxity." Score oae more dodge for tha priest
To. make matters worse he remarks that
"This (his objection or non-objection to such a
protest asratnst laxity in administration) is a
matter which depen-ls much on the Judjre
I who administers the law." Now, what does ha
i mean by that? Why should his "objection to
protest agamst laxity" depend on the Judge
i (■who administers? Does he mean that if the
Judge who administers laxly were a Catholic
he would object to protest "against such ad
i ministration?
I -And will he kindly inform us wherain his
objection or non-objection to protest is "like
purity in politics"? Indeed, for a reply which
•comes from one who claims ususual skill in
the use of English for the expression oi ideas
his remarks are certainly queer.
-V QUESTION 21.
"Is Mr. Yorke hostile to tbe public inspection of
all hospitals, asylums, r.-formatorien or other ln-
J stltutions Id wntch p<> ople are under restraint?"
Vobke's Rkflt- livery institution which keeps
i persons under restraint should be open at all times
to inspection by the civil authorities, bacause—
(Tirade.)
How difficult it is to keep Mr. Yorke to the
point at issue. I ask him if he objects to the
public inspectiou of all hospitals, asylums, re
i formatories, etc. He returns a trite general
j ization and calls it an answer. Mr. Yorke I
I know as well as you do that "Every institution
which keeps persons in restraint should be
open at all times to inspection by the civil au
thorities," but 1 have not been able yet to se
cure from you an answer to my question as to
whether you are hostile to such public inspec
tion. lam afraid I shall have to "write you
down" as dodging again, Mr. Dogberry.
! ', \ '■-'• QUESTION 22.
• "Does Mr. Yorke favor National or State legisla
tion in favorof any one section of the coumrv or
of any class?" ! ■ ■" r*
Yorke's Reply— burden of law shonM be
equally distributed, ana its favors should go lo all ■
whp bear the burdens. (Tirade against the a.
P. A-> v;t;. ■_ :•-• -. m
Father Yorke. from what A-B-C law book, or
■from what kindergarten political economy did
you cull this axiom? And now, having said
your lesson, will you kindly answer my ques
tion, "Do you favor Kational or State legisla
tion in favor of one section oi the country/or i
of any one class?"
question 23. '*x
"Is Mr. Yorke opposed to such restriction of Im«
migration as will prevent paupers, criminals and
! anarchists from landing on our shore?" :
Yorke's answer— This question I have already
answered. If the— (Tirade against the A. P. A.)
Father Yorke makes mistakes. He has not
answered this question. He has answered a
somewhat similar question, question 7. In reply 1
thereto he stated that he is in favor of "pro
tecting our citizen laborers from pauper and
criminal labor," and' thereby he approves a
principle of the A. P. A. But-favoring an end
\s by no means favoring any certain means to
that end. So, Father Yorke, please answer tho
question. ■ ■ • '
question 24. . •
I "Is Mr. Yorke hostile to the extension of the time •
for naturalization, to the end that foreigners may
become familiar with our Institutions and laws be-'
fore they be permitted to vote?" ■-. •
AxstvEE-I think experience has suffi
ciently demonstrated the fict that the present
time for naturalization is long enough. A for
eigner who is not Americanized in five yean will ,
never be Americanized. Considering, however— f
(tirade).
Father Yorke'e opinion as to what experience
has or has not demonstrated is irrelevant. Ho
manages, however," to get in edgewise his
opinion that the "present time for naturaliza
tion is long enough," and so saves the lot from I
the rubbish-heap. This answers my question
with a. "yes," and puts the priest in direct
opposition to the A. P.' A. "
The sentence, "A foreigner who It not
Americanized in five years never will be
Americanized," is an unsupported statement.
Father Yorke claims he can prove all his state
ments. Will he , kindly gratify an admiring
public by proving this one? ..
question 25. c.",^
••Does Mr. Yorke Oppose an educational Qualifi
cation for every voter? Does he wish them to be
ignorant of toe duties and privileges of citizen
ship and the pjiant tools of politicians?" VUIWU
Yorke's Answex-I believe in an educational
tae"J? ETf V ° ter> Md l beUeV% - < Tlr * de
■This is Apaism as far as it eoeg, but the
father neglects to > state whether or not he
wishes the voters of the country to be "ignor-
SS^h? e dUtie ? Bnd Brivllegei of citizenship
and the pliant tools of politicians." Am ltS
understand that he do es %v iSK tha S t> or Am ,all i
conclude that he refuses .to answer my ques
.'.n •+, J QUESTION 26.
"k?. o^? 5£ Torke °PPO*e supporting from the
public fundivone general, non-sect ariao frre school
8 8 ufflcieat fo* the ? rlmar eaucaiion of oar
children?"
Vorkb'b ANBW»»-r, hare already said that 1
Continued on Eighth Page6UNDAY FEBRUARY 16. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Pai-pwik Theater. — Grand Opera— " Hugue-
fc' : ', to-morrow night.
California Theatkb-" Richard III."
l oujibia THKATER-"-Hendrlck Hudson Jr."
Worosco's Opera-house— "My Partner. "
Tivoli Opera-House.- "The Gentle Savage."
CRFHErM.-High-ciass Vaudeville.
KsovFE'i Ai.ca7.ar.— "White Slave."
Metropolitan TEMPLE-Benefit Concert of the
Batur.lay -.tornlng Orchestra, to-morrow night.
Grove-Street Theater— Between Polk and
Van Ness-U & I. Benefit for Veteran Guard,
v. a. X. , to-morrcnv nlgbt.
AcDiTOBirK-Corner Mason and Ellis streets-
tntertainment, Tuesday evening, February 18.
Shoot the Chutes- Daily at Halgtat street,
one block east of [he Park.
Golden Gatk Park— Golden Gate Park Band.
1 m l* icCoast Jockky Club.— Races to-morrow.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
All roters \rill have to be registered anew
before the next election.
Weather forecast for San Francisco : Fair on
Eunday; probably cooler in the afternoon.
The West Side Christian Chnrch has incor
porated and will hasten its steps toward build-
Ira D. Sankey, the singing evangelist. is cx
pecjed to come to San Francisco soon for an in
definite stay.
The 6ailors of the Colombo will be enter
tained to-morrow by the members of the
Italian colony.
Casper, Wyoming. St. Brandon, George Mil
ler Sea Spray and Olive were the winners at
lngleside yesterday.
. Health Inspector Ben Davis made a tonr of
tno Marfcet-street restaurants yesterday. As a
rule he found them generally clean.
The first anniversary ball of the National
brotherhood of Electrical Workers last night
at Odd Fellows' Hall was a brilliant success.
Mrs. Davidson was arraigned beforo Jnage
Bahrs yesterday, but she did not plead. A
demurrer to the information was submitted.
Professor Hilgard, in a lecture before the Me
chanics Institute last evening on alkali lands
declared that they will some day be most val
uaDle. :
Governor Budd was notified last night that
tne Navy Department will detaii the monitor
Comnnche for the use of the naval reserve of
this State.
At a mass-meeting of the carpenters last
evening Eeveral valuable suggestions were
made as to how the condition of '.he laboring
men may be improved. ' •
The floating" committee of the Young Peo
ple - Society of Christian Endeavor reports
that eighty-one seamen have siened the pledge
01 the society during the past year.
The invalidity of the poker-playing ordinance
v.as argued at considerable length by Samuel
>f. Shortridge before Judtre Low- yesterday,
who reserved his decision until to-morrow.
Paderewski declares that he is infatuated
with Chinese music. He has made three trips
through Chinatown and each time has found
something new to admire. He considers the
musicians as artists.
Madame J. H. Rosewald has fixed the.date of
the memorial concert to be given for the bene
t.: ofthe poor students' loan fund of the Berke
ley University for Friday afternoon, March 6,
at the I'o.innbia Theater.
George Raphael of the firm of Raphael Broth
ers is back from New York, and wants it dis
tinctly understood thut he did not figure in an
interview representing him to be friendly to
the funding-bill measure.
Joseph McClellan., for attempting to commit
burglary, was sent to Folsom by Judge Bahrs
yesteday. Ho will remain there for seven
years. McClellan had eleven prior convictions
Rgainst him, but they were withdrawn *s he
pleaded guilty.
The second account of the special adminis
trators of the Fair estate has been filed. The
account shows that from July 1 to December
3JL 1895, *5 14,70-1 OS was received aud $509,
--100 60 dispensed. There is now on hand and
deposited in various banks $18,098 70.
After two complaints had been drawn up
and each time withdrawn before filing Einne
Antonelli has finally fiied a suit tor divorce
from ncr husband, the contractor. The plain
tiff had already passed through twoccremonies
l^f fore she married the man she is now suing
ib be freed from. She charges cruelty. ' *
I Attorney-General Fitzgerald has rendered an '
opinion to the District Attorneyof Butte Coun
ty that owing to certain important changes in I
the registration laws of the State made by the
last Legislature it is necessafy for the Boards
of Supervisors throagnout the State to order a
re registration of the voters i:i the several coun
ties, and that a supplemental register will not ;
meet the requirements of the law.
Loving-cups, says the Music and Drama edi
tor, are getting to be chestnuts in the East.
Every man who has won reputatiqn lor work
ine the growler in the distant days of long ago
expects to be presented with aloviug-cup in
remembrance thereof. The latest ere of silver,
with broad scratches at the 5, 10 and 15-cent
marks. A quarter fills the cup and a handsome
Eilver one goes with every keg. -".-"■
CAMPBELL DEALS FARO.
A Fake Game in Which His
Honor Lost the Bank Roll
in One Deal.
Ke Is Caught in the Act of Drawing
Two Cards to Win the Last
Bet Male.
A faro game was raided on the corner of
Geary and Kearny streets early yesterday
morning, and the outfit was taken as evi
dence to the Califoinia-street police sta
tion, but was afterward sent to the new
City Hall. However, it remained Jong
enough in the Brat-named station for a
pame to be started and finished with Judge
Campbell as dealer, Lieutenant Esola as
lookout and Officer Burnett and I'atrol
driver John Martin as players.
Soon after the outfit hat) been taken to
the station Judge Campbell was espied on
the corner of Kearny and California streets.
lie was invited over by Lieutenant Esola
lo inspect the haul.
The Judge was either overcome by recol
lections of younger days or, possibly, curi
osity started dim on the downward path,
for he immediately arranged the layout
and started a deal with the aforesaid look
out and players. He was soon engrossed
in his work, and from the scien ihc way
in which he handled the pasteboards an
interested onlooker ventured a remark
that the Judge had missed his calling, but
as the game ended so disastrously for the
dealer he has determined to remain merely
a Judge and allow others to be the enorts.
John Martin, th© player who keptj the
game, was in luck from the lime the first
card was turned. He played the deuce
for $_'O worth of cnecks and won. Jle
then doubled his bet on the same card and
won again. This seemed to worry the
dealer considerably, but he merely kept
taking down the bets that were lost by
Officer Burnett, who seemed to play with
hard luck or poor judgment; hut maybe
he took compassion on the dealer, or else
they were combined to fleece Martin.
However, Martin played all his checks
again on the deuce and won again.
This last lucky bet reduced the bank roll
about one-half. Excitement was now at
high pitch as Burnett was all in and there
were but one or two more turns to bo
made. Martin at this time played the
deuce and tray with sufficient checks to tap
the roll. The onlookers almost held their
Lreatn, the looKout was in a nervous
fctraia and the dealer was steadily schem
ing as he turned the cards. By some un
been way the dealer had looked under the
box and noticed that Martin's bet was
6ure to win. Then bis sKill came to
the surface and he deftly drew two cards
at one time from the box and was about to
take down the checks when the lookout
notified him of the deception.
He merely smiled and said it wa9 an ac
cident and that he had lost his bank roll
In one deal. It was an exciting exhibition
and all breathed easier at the finale.
The game was not played for money, but
as much interest was taken in the game by
the dealer as though all things depended
upon his winning. M-irtin declares he
would like to play for $20 a mm with the
Judce as dealer, but he says he would bir«
tusownloo«ouU
MISS OVERMAN
TELLS HER STORY.
Events of Her Early Life
Related in Minute
Detail.
MEETING DR. BROWN.
The Statements Reflecting on Her
Past Character Are Bit
terly Denied.
THE PASTOR'S WIFE HER FRIEND
Explanation of the Now Famous Tun
nell Letters Reserved for the
Council.
For the first time eince the Brown-
Davidson Fcandal Las been under the
flashlight of public scrutiny and comment,
favorable anfl otherwise, one of the princi-
MISS MATTIE E. OVERMAN.
[From a photograph.]
pal witnesses has consented to tali. Miss |
Mattie Overman, about whom so much [
Isas been written and said and against j
whose character the most damaging in
sinuations have been made, consents to
tell the story of her life to The Call.
True, she does not deal directly with
the more recent events of which she Is the
central figure, reserving that for the
council, but she grapples without the least ;
show of hesitancy or fear of contradiction I
the stories involving the moral side of her
nature, from childhood down to the pres- j
ent time.
"I might jnst as well have done this long j
ago," said Miss Overman yesterday, by j
way of introduction, "but before I could !
collect my wits all those horrible stories
from Tacoma. Spokane, Walla Walla and !
other points, founded only in the imagi
nation of sensational correspondents, were j
published. I was indignant that such \
things should be said, and so made up my ;
mind to deny nothing until the hubbub I
had in a measure ceased. If anything is
to be said now I want to commence at the
very beginning of my life, so there may be
no after bickerings of things left untold.
"I was born April 9, 1363, in Benton
County, of the then new State of Oregon.
My parents were among the earliest set
tlers in the valley, having crossed the
plains in 1852, in wagons drawn by oxen.
Their first stopping place was Portland,
but not having a prophetic vision of the
future greatness of that city, they soon
moved to Alsea Valley, where they lived
for nearly a score of years. There I was
born, being the eighth of a family of thir
teen children.
"I was five j'cars old when my parents
i decided to move to the Territory of Wash
ington, where they later settled on a farm
in Colunioia County. After years of toil
I and .labor it became a place rich in re
j sources, and I recall it now as a spot full of
the sunshine of happy youth. In my six
teenth year, father disposed of his farm,
and we moved to the town of Walla Walla,
where we took a house sufficiently ample
for the accommodation of roomers and
boarders. It was at this place I met the
man whom I afterward married..
"I never while in that city engaged in the
dressmaking business, nor did my sister,
who was with us during my residence
there. I knew absolutely nothing of this
kind of work at that time, being only 17
years old. The statement therefore pub
lished in the daily papers to the effect that
I accepted $1000 from a man in order to es
tablish a dressmaking business is utterly
without foundation. It was also said t'iat
I secured $300 from a- clerk in this same
man's store, but was forced to .return it.
This is unqualifiedly false, both as to re
ceiving the money and returning that
which I never had.
"Very much against the better judg- j
ment of my parents, I went to Spokane in
the month of November, 1885, marrying
on m3 T arrival there D. W. Silveira, who at
that time was keeping a boarding-house.
Aft«r a short residence in Spokane we [
moved to Helena, Mont., remaining there
until January 1, 1888. After a few moDths
of married life, I discovered among other
things that Mr. Silveira was unable to sup
port me. Being then clever with tho nee
dle, I began first as a seamstress and later
branched out as a full-fledged dressmaker.
"This occupation I followed successfully
for more than twelve months prior to my
departure from Helena. Just here let me
say that about one year previous to this
time I experienced conversion, and was
taken into full membership in the First
Baptist Church of that city. I soon had a
wide circle of friends in the church. I be
came a member of the 1. O. G. T., of which
I was assistant secretary for one term,
being in eood standing in the-lodge when
I left.
"On leaving Helena I obtained a letter
of introduction from my pastor to any
church where I might care to present it.
i This letter spoke of me iv the kindliest
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
manner, recommending me highly to any
one who might be interested. Later on I
presented this letter to a Baptist church in
Spokane, and as a result learned one of
the bitterest lessons of my life. As soon
as the minister learned that I was married
and living apart from my husband the
sympathy and interest formerly extended
mo were withdrawn.
"All this, however, is of little interest to
any one, so I will skip that part of my life.
When I left Helena it was much against
the wish of Mr. Silveira. In fact he wont
so far as to dispose of some of my hard
earned pennies at the gaming table, think
ing thereby to keep me as his chief sup
port. And why not? It is pleasant to
have a little home, especially if that home
is neither an expense or burden to oue. So
it was with Mr. Silveira. For fully a year
before I left him I wholly supported "my
self, even to paying the laundry bills ana
house rent. On my departure from Helena,
such garments covered my back and filled
my trunk as only my money had pur
chased.
" After a short visit to my home at
Walla Walla I wrote to him, on the ad
vice of my parents, who up to that time
had known nothing of my domestic
troubles, advising him that I would never
live with him again, but would seek re
dress through the courts. Being afraid
that he mighfattempt to carry out his oft
repeated threat to take my life I went im
mediately to live with* a married sister in
Spokane, thinking to escape him should
he seek me in Walla Walla. It seems,
however, that my fears were groundless,
for I never heard from him directly, even
when notice was sent of my application
for divorce, until, true to the nature of the
man,' he attempted to strike me through
the medium of the press since the devel
opments in the Brown-Davidson scandal.
The recent reports sent from Spokane con
cerning me have not one grain of truth to
rest on. To begin with, I was never
known there as Miss Overman, for I did
not use my maiden name, which I had re
pained through the divorce courts, until I
took up my residence in Tacoma.
"The block where I was reported to have
lived in Spokane was in course of construc
tion when I came away. My life there
was extremely quiet. I attended church
regularly and it was in Sabbath school I
first met Mrs. Tunnell. After closing up
my business in Spokane I went to Tacoma,
where my parents had moved. During
my stay of perhaps a year in the former
place I began dressmaking in families and
with the exception of two or three months
found steady employment as long as I re
mained there. My parents since leaving
the old farm had many reverses and mis
fortunes, and as the older children were all
married or away from home it was the
pleasure and happiness of my life to give
them some comforts which the\ T might not
otherwise have enjoyed.
"I was never fond of the eayeties of life,
my whole time and attention being given
to work and study, that we might be
blessed with music, and good and whole
some books with which to cfceer our fire
side when we gathered of evenings when
the day's labors were finished. My sister,
with whom I had formerly resided in
Spokane being then a widow, resolved to
take up her residence in Seattle. -After
her dressmaking business had sufficiently
increased I spent a portion of my time as-
I sisting her. It was then I had an un
pleasant business experience which has
been so recently widely heralded. I met a
party whom I now recognize as my Seattle
slanderer, and as I was in possession of
unpleasant.facts concerning him this was
I an opportunity to strike me, which he
could not resist. The cause of this man's
bitterness toward me is simple. I had un
wittingly revealed to his wife that he was
a regular visitor of a lady. I thought
that he was merely a relative.
"I positively deny that I ever attempted
blackmail on any prominent man of Seat
tle, or that I ever behaved in public or
private in the disgraceful manner accred
ited me. But to return to Tacoma. My
work there was mainly among church
people. Incidentally let me say that never
at any time did I work in any but respect
able families. The horrible statement that
I visited disreputable places is utterly
without foundation.
'•While engaged in a pleasant family I
met Mrs. Brown, who expressed a desire
to have me assist her with some dress
work. So after a time it came about that
at her dinner tablo I was introduced to her
husband, Dr. C. O. Brown. My acquain
tance with him in Tacoma was slight and
principally of a business character. Mrs.
Brown was always kind, and our acquain
tance by the time of her departure from
Tacoma had ripened into friendship to the
extent of occasionally dining with her and
evenings spent in social intercourse. She
had noticed my failing health, and kindly
invited me to accompany her to San Fran
cisco for a rest and change of climate. At
that time I could not accept,
"In the winter of 1893 I decided, on ac
count of my ill-health, to visit my sister,
who had in the meantime moved to San
Francisco. I left home in December, stop
ping in Victoria a few days to visit the
sister who had formerly resided in Seattle
and had for business reasons taken up her
borne in the first-named city. Three or
four days after my arrival there I was
taken down with neuralgia, and for two
weeks did not leave my bed. As soon as I
was able to travel I took the 6teamer for
San Francisco. My stay in Victoria
altogether did not exceed three weeks, and
my habits were necessarily of the quietest
possible character. I met no one in a
social way.
"Since this trouble came I have been
literally harassed to death, with, letters
and callers. Some of the letters were
amusing, others insulting, and many full
of expres&ionsof confidence and sympathy.
There have been offers of managers and
theatrical propositions innumerable. Such
as these I have not given a second thought.
'•Now as to my staj in San Franciaco, I
can say nothing at present, except that
when 1 have told my story to the council
Dr. Brown will be cleared of all the charges
resting against him.
"The Tunnell letters are of easy explana
tion, as are the other acts with which I am
C/edited."
Several times during the recital of her
story Miss Overman showed deep emotion,
particularly when she referred to the re
ports of her career in Spokane, Seattle,
"Walla Walla and other Northern cities.
There was apparently nothing of the
"manufactured" in her recital of these
earlier events. She tales in a perfectly
plain, straightforward way, without any
affectation and with no other purpose
seemingly than to tell the truth. She is at
all times a ready conversationalist, quick
to answer questions and never nervous.
Her appearance before the council will be
an event if nothing more.
MRS. COOPER CHARGED.
Mrs. Dr. C. O. Brown Accuses Her
of Stuffing the Church Ballot-
Affidavits In Support.
Mrs. Brown openly charges Mrs. Sarah
B. Cooper with attempting to corrupt the
ballot of the First Congregational Church
on the ovening of February 5, at which
time the pastor was given a vote of confi
dence. These charges are supported by a
numoer of sworn affidavits.
To all of this Mrs. Cooper, over her own
signature, makes the simple reply, "I do
not consider the matter worthy of consid
eration."
Mrs. Brown, in support of tne affidavits
published below, makes the following fcen
eral arraignment of Mrs. Cooper:
"I desire now to place before the com
munity, not in the form of mere state
ments, but of solemn affidavits, some facts
which will show how sincere Mrs. Cooper
is in her loudly advertised claim that she
is acting with zeal for the purity of the
church.
"This hat been her claim in her bitter,
malign and untruthful attack upon the
character of my husband.
"The Congregational church is self-gov
erning. It depends, humanly speaking,
on the purity of its ballot for the con
tinuance of its life. To lift one's hand or
to arise and give one's vote for or against
any measure is one of the most solemn
acts of Christian responsibility in such
church.
•'lf the ballot of the self-governing church
should become corrupt nothing could save
that church from disgrace and final disrup
tion. There cannot possibly be any more
serious oftense than to assist in giving or
procuring a corrupt ballot at any church
meeting.
"With this in mind what will be the
verdict of the people of San Francisco
upon the facts set forth in the following
affidavits? They show that Mrs, Sarah B.
Cooper deliberately sought to induce a
person who had never before been in the
church and who was not » member to vote
against my husband.
"These facts speak for themselves. They
show that Mrs. Cooper, by the use of false
votes, would not have scrupled to defeat
the vote of confidence in my husband, de
stroy my home and blast the happiness of
my family.
•'Mrs. Cooper has made declarations
without proof. I herewith substantiate
my declarations by the proofs.
''These affidavits abundantly show the
methods to which Mrs. Cooper has de
scended to defame my husband, and
further show the kind of weapons which
»be is attempting to forge for the comple
tion of her inquisitorial task.
"This community has drawn the veil of
silence anrl charity over tbat awful experi
ence which clouded her own domestic life.
She should be the last to raise her voice in
bitterness in advance of official investiga
tion. By what right does she exercise a
judicial function- which does not belong to
any other member of the church, and who
gave her this right to declare my husband
guilty before he has been examined by a
proper tribunal? Sne proclaims that her
life in this community has been an open
book. It takes hut a small attempt to read
in tliat open book somethings that honor
cannot sanction. But I will not at this
time pursue this theme.
"I have already lair! at her door one of
the most serious offenses against social
order, and I now present to the public the
indisputable evidence that she deliberate
ly attempted to corrupt the ballot of the
First Congregational Church on the even
ing of February 5, 18'J6, when, in spite of
her opposition, the church overwhelming
ly voted its confidence in my husband.
"In view of such facts as these and of
her demand that my husband should cease
to occupy his pulpit until his good name
is vindicated, do not modesty and honor
require that she should desist from teach
ing until her own good name is vindicated
from these awful charges?
"For such offenses against the civil
ballot men go to prison. But this offense
was against the cnurch of God. Therefore
nothing more can be done than to deliver
the offender over to that contempt which
an infamous act deserves. Those promi
nently engaged in the suffrage movement
in this Btato may well raise the Inquiry
whether the ballot in such handa would
tend to greater purity.
"It will be seen by the affidavits that
Mrs. Blanchard admitted less under oath
than she had told her friends. This was
to be expected irom so ardent an admirer
of Mrs. Cooper, who had been aroused to
the seriousness of her conduct. But it will
also be Been that she swears to the
essential facts, and that she • ad
mits having stayed at the church
meeting when all but members and
pew-holders were requested to go, and that
she falsified Her word by saying that she
was a member of the church when she was
not, and that she later told Mrs. Cooper
that she was not a member before Mrs.
Cooper urged her to vote. The other affi
davits tell the whole truth as Mrs. Blanch
ard told it to her friends beforo sue had
been put on her gnard.
"These facts came to me wholly without
my seeking, and I now make this state
ment only with sorrow that Mrs. Cooper's
unprecedented attack on Dr. Brown and
and her conduct in the procuring of a false
vote make it necossary."
Stnteof California, City and County of San
Francisco, 68. — Deposition.
Be it remembered that on the 14th day of
February, A. D. 189(5, at 820 Bush street, in
the City and County and State aforesaid, be
fore me, W. B. Benchiey, a Notary Public in
and for said City and County, duly appointed
and commissioned to administer oaths, etc,
personally appeared Mrs. Lenft Blanchard, re
siding at 82t> Busn street, in the City and
County and State aforesaid, a witness pro
duced in behaif of the Her. C. O. Brown, pas
tor of the First Congregational Church in said
City and County, in an action now pending
in said cliurcli, who, being by me first duly
sworn, then and there testined as follows:
I am not a memoer of the First Congrega
tional Church of San Francisco, Cal., but my
sympathy being with Mrs. Sarah I!. Cooper, I
attended the business meeting held at the
First Congregational Church on the evening
of tho sth day of February, 189U, for the pur
pose of protecting Mrs. Cooper, and I occupied
a seat on her right during the whole of the
business meeting. When the first vote was
taken I arose from my seat and voted with
Mrs. Cooper against Dr. Brown, the pastor of
the church, but in doing so I was acting under
great excitement and it was an accident that
1 did so. Just after tho first vote was
taken Mrs. Simpson, who lives at 317 Jones
street, in the City of ban Francisco, State of
California, leaned over to me and asked me if
I was a member of the church and I answered,
"Yes," in order to get rid of her, as I did not
want her to be giving me away before all the
ladies near us. Itold Mrs. Cooper a few min
utes later that 1 was not a member of the
church, and when the second vote was taken
Mrs. tooper asked me why I was not voting. I
told her I was not a member of the church
and had no right to vote, but she still urged
me to do so.
On the next day I made a friendly call on
Mrs. Simpgon at her home, 317 Jones street,
San Francisco, Cal. Ido not think her sister,
Mrs. Church, was present during. e.ll of our in
terview. 1 told Mrs. Simpson that I was uot &
member of the church and asked her what she
thought of my staying at the business meeting.
She said that I behaved like a lady while there.
I told her ihat Mrs. Cooper asked me why 1 was
not voting. I was worried, because "people
said that I had voted against Dr. Brown.
Mrs. Lena Bl.vnchakd.
Signature of deponent.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco, ss.
I, W. B. Benchley, a Notary Public in and for
said City and County, do hereby certify thai
the witness in the foregoing deposition named
was by me duly sworn to testify the truth, the
whole truth and nothing but the truth; that
said deposition was taken at th« time and
place mentioned in the annexed caption, to
wit: at 82G Busn street, in the City and County
of San Francisco, in the State of California, on
the 14th day o» February, A. D.. 189G, between
the hours of 5 o'clock p. U. and 7 o'clock p. m.
of that day; that said deposition was taken in
shortnand by my stenographer, Miss Anna
Sale, and was by her transcribed in type
writing, and when completed was by me care
fully read to paid witness, and being ty her
corrected, was by her subscribed in my pres
ence.
In witness whereof I have hereunto sub
scribed my name and affixed my seal of office
the 15th day of February, A. D. 1896.
W. B. Benchlky,
Notary public In and for tne City ana
County of San Francisco, State of California.
Office, 630 Market street.
Stato of California, City and County of San
Francisco, ss.— Deposition.
Be it remembered, that on the 14th day of
February, A. I). 189G, ait 317 Joßes street, in
the City and Couaty and State aloresald, be
fore me, W. B. Benchley, a notary public in
and for said City and County, duly appointed
and commissioned to administer oaths, etc.,
personally appeared Mrs. Clara C. Simpson,
residing at 317 Jones street, in the City,
County and State aforesaid, a witness produced
in behalf of the Rev. C. O. Brown, pastor of the
First Congregational Church in said City and
County, in an action now ponding in said
church, who, being by me first duly sworn,
she then and there testified as follows:
"I am a member of the First Congregational
Church of San Francisco, Cal., and as such at
tended the Business meeting of 6aid church,
held at 7:30 o'clock p. m. on the fifth day of
February, A. i). 180(5, and was present during
ihe whole of the session of said business meet
ing. I am personally acquainted with Mrs.
Sarah B. Coaper and saw ncr at said business
meeting, and she took an active "part therein
con cerning all matters relating to Rev. C. O.
Brown.
"Sirs.. Sarah B. Cooper was seated in front of
me and the next seat on her right was occu
pied by Mrs. Lena Blanchard, who resides at
826 Bush.street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, who is also personally known to
me. Mrs. Sarah 11. Cooper and Mrs. Lena
Blanchard occupied seats located in the front
portion of lha assemblage, directly in
front 'of the rostrum of the meeting
rooin of the said First Congregational
Church, where the said business meeting was
held. During the early part of the session of
said business meeting, I leaned over and asked
Mrs. Lena Blanchard if she was a member of
car church, and the informed me thnt she
was, also stating that she had joined our
church six weeks previous, and that she had
come to the business meeting that evening in
order to help Mrs. Cooper in the fight against
Rev. C. O. Brown.
"On the following day she called on me here
at my residence, and addressed me very pleas
antly, asking me if I thought. she was a mem
ber of our church. I said yes, certainly, of
course I did, as you told me you were. She
then said, 'Well, I am not; but I went down
there and kept very quiet, so I would
not be asked to go out.' Mrs. Blan
chard further stated tnat she ielt very
horry for Mrs. Cooper, and thought that
she bad been treated shamefully; 'Mrs.
Cooper,' she continued, 'urged me to get up
and vote, but I sat still and would not do so.'
I told Mrs. Blanchard that it was a good thing
that she did not vote, and some people would
have questioned her right to do so. Mrs.
BlanchY.rd further said: 'I really feel very
sorry for Dr. Brown, granting that he is
guilty.' Just then my sister, Mrs. Church,
came into, the room and said: 'Why, Mrs.
Blanchard, I hear you are a member of our
church'; and Mrs. "Blanchard said, 'Oh, no, I
am not, but Mrs. Cooper asked me several
times to vote.'
"In making trie foregoing deposition I have
only told the truth, and have none but the
kindliest feelings for Mrs. Lena Blanchard in
giving my testimony.
"Mrs. Clara C. Simpson,"
Signature of deponent
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco, as.'
I, W. B. Benchley, a Kotary Public in and for
said City and County, do hereby certify that
the witness in the foregoing deposition named
was by me duly sworn to testify the truth,
the whole truth, and nothing but the truth;
that said deposition was taken at the time and
plac« mentioned In the annexed caption, to
wit: At No. 317 Jones street in the City and
County of San Francisco, in the State of Cali
fornia, on the 14th day of February, A. D.
1596, between the hours of 10:30 o'clock a. h.
and 1 o'clock P. m. of that day. That said
deposition was taken in shorthand by my
stenographer. Miss Anna C. Busteede, and was
by her transcribed In typewriting, and when
completed was by me carefully read to said
witness, and being by her corrected was by her
subscribed in my presence.
In witness whereof I have hereunto suo
scribed my name and affixed my seal of office
the 14th day of February, A. D.'lS9t>.
W. B. Benchlky,
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, Stata of California. Office
No. 630 Market street.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco, ss. — Deposition.
Be it remembered, that on the 14th day of
February, A. D. 1896, at 317 Jones street, in
the City and County and State aforesaid, beforo
me, AY. B. Benchley, a notary public in and for
said City and County, duly appointed and com
missioned to administer oaths, etc., person
ally appeared Mrs. Mary C. Church, residing
at 317 Jones street, in the City, County and
State aforesaid, a witness produced in behalf
of the Rev. C. O. Brown, pastor of the First
Congregational Church in said City and
County, in an action now pending in said
church, who being by me first duly sworn then
and there testified as follows:
"On the Oth day of February following the
business meeting held at the First Congrega
tional Church Mrs. Lena Blftnchard called
jointly on my sister and myselt at our resi
dence, 317 Jones street, in the City and County
of San Francisco. My sister, Mrs. Simpson, re
ceived her first, and later on I came in and
joined in the conversation and said, "Why,
Mrs. Blanchard, my sister informs me that you
are a member of the First Congregational
Church of this City.' To which she replied:
'Oh, no, lam not; lam a member of t lie Grace
Church; butlast night 1 attended the business
meeting at the First Congregational Church,
and have been going there ever since this
racket commenced. I attended the said busi
ness meeting us a friend of Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper. Mrs. Cooper urged upon me several
times to vote, and pulled me by my skirts; but
1 did not vote, as 1 was not a member of the
church.'
"My sister then remarked to Mrs. Blanchard :
•It is a good thing that you did not do so, as
some member of the church would have ques
tioned your right to do so.' Mrs. Blanchard
then remarked: 'I am very sorry for Dr.
Brown, eyeh though he should be guilty,'
further stating: 'Mrs. Cooper is an old woman,
and I think they treated her shamefully, on
Wednesday evening, February 5, rather Janu
ary 30, wnenthey hissed Mrs. Cooper.'
"There is nothing but tho kindest neigh
borly feeline existing between Mrs. Blanchard
and myself," but in the interest of truth and
justice* I make this statement. We never re
ferred to this matter until my sister and I
talked it over and decided it was only just and
right that we make the statement.
"Mrs. Mary C. Citcrch."
Signature of deponent.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco, ss.
I, W. B. Benchiey, a Notaryi'ublic in and for
siaid City and County, do hereby certify that
the witness in the foregoing deposition name'i
was by me duly sworn to testify the truth, the
whole truth and nothing but the truth; that
said deposition was taken at the time and place
mentioned in the annexed caption, to wit: At
No. 317 Jones street in the City and County oi
San Francisco in the State of California, on'the
14th day of February, A. D. 189t>, between the
hours of 10:30 o'clock a. jr. and 1 o'clock p. m.
of that dny: that said deposition was taken in
shorthand" by my stenographer, Miss Anna C.
Bnsteede. and was by her transcribed in type
writing, and when completed was by me care
fully read to said witness, and being by her
corrected was by her subscribed in my presence.
In witness whereof I have hereunto sub
scribed my name and affixed my seal of office,
tho 14th day of February, A. D. 189 G.
W. 1!. BENCHLEY,
Notary Public in end for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of Calilornia. Office
No. 630 Market street.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco, ss.— Deposition.
Be it remembered, that on the 14th day of
February, A. D. 189 C, at 317 Jones street, in
the City and County and State aforesaid, be-,
fore me, W. B. Benchiey, a notary public in
and for said City and County, duly appointed
and commissioned to administer oaths, etc.,
personally appeared Mrs. Ruby A. Rogers, re
siding at 729 California street in the City,
County and Stateaforasaid, a witness produced
in behalf of the Rev. C. O, Crown, pastor of
the First Congregational Church in said City
and County, n an action now pending in said
chwrch/who being by me first duly sworn,
then and there testified as follows:
. "I am a member of tho First Congregational
Church of the City and County of San Fran
cisco, California. I attended the business
meeting of said chnrch, held on the evening
of the sth day of February, A. B. 1896. I saw
Mrs. Cooper there, she and her daughter sat
immediately in front oi me and my daughter.
Mrs. Lena Blanchard. sat on the right of Mrs.
Cooper. When the voting commenced and the
business of the meeting brought up, the first
vote that was cast was for a:i appeal from the
decision of the chair. Mrs. Lena Blanchard
voted. She voted twice at that meeting, and
my daushter challenged her vote the second
time, and nsked her: 'Are you a member ot
the church?' She replied: 'No, I am not.
Then my daughter said, 'Excuse me, but I
shall have to challenge your vote.' She then
sat down, and said she was there for the pur
pose of acting as bodyguard to Mis- Cooper,
and that she intended to see that she received
her protection.
"Subsequently, on the morning of February
14, A. D. 1890, 1 called at the residence of Mrs.
Lena Blanchard, at 826 Bush street, and asked
her tue question: 'Are you Mrs. Lena Blanch
ard?' To which she replied that she was.
Then my daughter and I stated to her that
as a matter, or act of courtesy, wo had called,
to .make sure that we were not mistaken, as to
her identity, as we were on our way to make
an affidavit before a notary public that she
had voted and that her vote had been chal
lenged. She acknowledged that she had
voted there, as Mrs. Cooper had urged
her to do so, and said, 'Why don't
you vote?' And Mrs. Blanchard further
stated that she certainly must have been hyp
noticed by Mrs. Cooper and that she was laDor
ing under great excitement; that she was not
a church member, and that she knew she had
no right to vote, and, continuing, she said: 'I
further feel that I owe Dr. Brow* an apology,
and a very humble one at that.' I told her it
was not too. late to do so yet, and that if she
felt she was in the wrong she should do so.
"I have no feelings against Mrs. Blanchard,
and this statement is made only in the cause
of right and justice.
"Mrs. Ruby A. Rogers."
Signature of deponent.
State of Callfoonla, City and County of San
Francisco — ss.
I, W B, Benehley, a Notary Public in and for
said City and County, do hereby certify that
the witness in the foregoing deposition named,
was by me duly sworn to testify the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth; that
said deposition was taken at the time and place
mentioned in the annexed caption, to wit:
3i i Jones street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, in the State of California, on the 14th
day of February, A. D. 1896, between the hours
of 10:30 a. m. and 1 1. M. of that day. That said
deposition was taken iv shorthand by my sten
ographer, Miss Anna C. Busteode, and was by
her transcribed in type vvri tins;, and when com
pleted was by me carefully read to said wit
ness, and being by her corrected, was by her
subscribed in my presence.
In witness whereof X have hereunto sub
scribed my name and affixed my seal of office
the 14th day of February, A. D. 1890.
W. B. Benchley,
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California. Office 630
Market st.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco, ss.— Deposition.'
Be it remembered, that on the 14th day of
February, A. D. 1896, at 317 Jones street, in
the City and County and State aforesaid, be
fore me, \V. B. Benchley, a notary public, in
and for said City and County, duly appointed
and commissioned to administer oaths, etc,
Dersonally appeared Miss Carrie Dee Rogers,
residing at 729 California street, in the City,
County and State aforesaid, a witness pro
duced in behalf of the Rev. C. O. Brown, pastor
of the First Congregational Church, in said
City and County, in an action now pending in
said church, who, being by me first duly
sworn, then and there testified as follows:
"I am a member of the first Congregational
Church of the City and County oi San Fran
cisco, State of California. I attended the busi
ness meeting of said church, held on the even
ing of the sth day of February, A. D. 1896. I
saw Mrs. Coopor there; she and her daughter
sat immediately in front of my mother and
myself. Mrs. Lena Blanchard sat on the right
of Mrs. Cooper. When the voting commenced
and the businsss of the meeting brought up
the first vote that was taken was for an appeal
from the decision of the chair. Mrs. Lena
Blanchard voted. The first time she
voted, I said nothing; but ■when she voted the
second time I nsked her if she was a member
of the church and she said 'Ko.' J then said
to her, 'Excuse me, if you are not a member
of this church I must challenge your vote.
You have no right to vote.' She then sat down
and said no more about the vote, but said that
she had tome to protect Mrs. Cooper from the
tyrants of that church and that she was Mrs.
Cooper's bodyguard and would protect her.
"Subsequently, on the 14th day of February,
A. D. 1896, mamma and I called on Mrs.
Blauchard, at her residence at 826 Bush street,
to ascertain if she was Mrs. Blanchard and to
establisQ her identity, as we were on our way
to make our depositions before a notary pub
lic to show that she had voted and that I had
challenged ncr vote. She acknowledged that
she had voted, but stated that Mrs. Cooper had
urged her to do co, and that Mrs. Cooper must
certainly have hypnotized her, as she was
laboring under great excitement. She further
stated that Bhe owed Dr. Brown a very humble
apology, and mamma told her it was not too
late to make the apology yet, if she felt she
was in the wrong.
"I have no feeling against Mrs. Lena Blan
chard, and this deposition is made only in the
interest of truth and justice.
".Miss Carrie Dee Rogers."
Signature of deponent.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco — s. 8.
I, \V. B. Benchley, a notary public in and for
said City and County, do hereby certify that
the witness in the foregoing deposition "named
was by me duly sworn to testify the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth; that
said deposition was taken at the time and place
mentioned in the annexed caption, to wit: At
Ko. 317 Jones street, in the City and County of
San Francisco, in the State of California, on
the 14th day of February, A. D. 1896, between
the hours of 10:30 o'clock a. M. and 1 o'clock
p. M. of that day. That said deposition was
taken in shorthand by my stenographer, Miss
Anna C. Busteede, and was by her transcribed
in typewriting, and when completed" was by
me carefully read, to said witness, and being by
her corrected, was by her aubscribed in my
presence.
Jn|witness whereof I have hereunto sub
scribed my name and affixed my seal of office
the 14th day of February, A. D., 1896.
W. B. Benchley,
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California. Office
No. 630 Market street.
In an interview last nigh t Miss Hattie
Cooper stated tbat Mrs. Brown's agitation
over the Mrs. Blanchard episode was both
humorous and pathetic.
"Regarding the voting incident," said
she, "Mrs. Blanchard was at the prayer
meeting as a spectator, and being evi
dently of an excitable disposition was car
ried away, and when the members arose
for the vote she popped up too. It was
probably under the impulse caused by the
general movement of the people around
her. As she stood on her feet Bhe saw the
awful eye of Dr. Brown upon her, and
suddenly reminded that she was not a
member of the church she dropped in her
seat like a plummet.
"That is all there is in poor Mrs. Brown's
accusation of Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper's at
tempt to manufacture a vote against Dr.
Brown. My mother never in the slightest
tried to influence Mrs. Blanchard to vote,
and the statement that she did so is iidic
ulous.
"Last night about 9 o'clock Mrs. Blanch
ard came to our house and was in the
deepest trouble over Dr. Brown's visit to
her a few hours before. Ho descended
upon her with a notary public and de
manded that she sign a deposition or be
arrested for false voting at the prayer
meetiiig. He had engaged a stenographer
to take down her exact words and was
very much annoyed because that person
was late. Dr. Brown # in his impatience
stood out on the porch and wailed for the
shorthand man.
"Mrs. Blanchard told all this to U3, and
said: 'I didn't want Dr. Brown standing
on my front steps. lam a decent woman,
and I was afraid the neighbors would see
him. One of the principal ladies of his
church lives just across the street from
my house, and if she had seen him there
it "would have been bad for me.'
"I don't know where Mrs. Blanchard got
her idea of Dr. Brown's general baneful
inlluence," continued Miss Cooper, "but
Mrs. Blanchard s-eemed to be sincere in
her fears for her reputation andher regrets
at her visitor's public exhibition of himself
in that locality.
"She seems to be a poor, timid, nervous
woman and just the Derson that could be
intimidated into signing any paper, affida
vit or deposition Dr. Brown might offer.
We told her that Dr. Brown's threats of
ariest were all nonsense and she should
not pay any attention to them. She said
she would not be afraid and started home,
saying that she expected that the police
officers would be at her house waiting for
her return.
"As we have since heard that she and seve
ral of her friends have signed certain ridicu
lous depositions and statements, I pre
sume Dr. Brown aud his notary public and
his stenographer and his policemen breath
ine threats of arrest were waiting for the
poor woman when she got home."
It has been intimated that Dr. Brown on
th£ strength of the affidavits procured by
his wife will ask the council not to admit
any testimony which might be offered by
Mrs. Cooper. This lady says, however,
that if such a course is followed the evi
dence in her possession will be given to
the public through the press.
There is a general belief among those
who have figured more or less prominently
in the case that the missing witness, Mrs.
Tnnnell, is in the City. Sne is said to be
in hiding, and only awaits the opening of
the council to make her presence known.
Professor Lloyd will occupy the pulpit
of the tfirst Congregational Church to
day.
MRS, DAVIDSON IN COURT.
Her Attorneys Submit a Demur
rer to the Informa
tion.
Mrs. Davidson made her first appear
ance before the Superior Court yesterday.
She was arraigned before Judge Bahrs, but
instead of her plea a demurrer to the in
formation was filed by her attorneys, and
a greater part of the afternoon was spent
in arguing it.
The demurrer which Mr. Gallagher §nb
mitted was drawn up as follows:
The People of the State of California)
VB.
Mary A. Davidson, Defendant)
DBMDKREK.
Now eomei the above-named defendant,
Mary A. Davidson, and demurs to the Informa
tion filed in the above entitled action npon
the following grounds, viz. :
I.
That .said Information does not substantially
conform to the requirements ot section 950 of
the Penal Code of California.
11.
Tfeat the aald Information doea nst substan
tially conform to the requirements of section
951 of the Penal Code of California.
111.
That the said information does not lubstan
tially conform to the requirements of section
952, Penal Code of California.
IV.
That the said information does not contain
a statement ol the acts constitutingany offense
in ordinary and concise language and in such
a manner as to enable a person of common
intelligence to understand what is intended.
V.
That said Information Is not direct and cer
tain as it regards the offense charged.
VI.
That the said information Is sot direot an«
certain, as it regards the particular circum
stances of the offense charged, the same being
necessary to constitute a complete defense.
VII.
lhat the facts stated in said Information do
not constitute a public offense.
VIII.
That the said information charges men than
one offense.
Walter Q allaqhzb and
J. J. Guilt oyle,
Attorneys for defendant.
Mr. Gallagher, in his argument, took
the position that Mrs. Davidson was an
agent, not a principal, and her acts could
not, therefore, be censured. He said, dur
ing his argument:
An agent cannot be convicted of a crime un
less it may be some violation of the rights of
his principal. The fact that the defendant
carried a verbal message to Dr. Brown does not
alter her character as agent. Would it be con
tended that if the message had been written
by Mrs. Baddin and had been conveyed to Dr.
Brown by Mrs. Davidson, Mrs. Davidson would
then be liable? Or suppose that the District
Attorney charged directly that defendant was
the agent of Mrs. Baddin in all that she said
or did. would there then be any doubts as to
the insufficiency of this information?
When a fact is alleged, which is capable of
two interpretations, one of which favors inno
cepce, the presumption favoring innocence
must be indulged in, for the law demands that
the presumption be always against the pleader.
When it is alleged that Mrs. Davidson declared
to Dr. Brown that she was the agent of Mrs.
Baddin, that declaration not being denied is
equivalent to a distinct allegation on the one
hand and an admission on the part of the
people that the defendant was the agent of
Mrs. Baddin, and so the court must conclude
how, as the agent of Mrs. Baddin, a conversa
tion she had with Mrs. Baddin was related to
Dr. Brown.
The prosecution has drawn from the facts
the conclusion that the defendant was not tha
agent of Mrs. Baddin, and the only way in
which they can hope to sustain the presump
tion.
If the doctor had feaTed Mrs. Davidson might
impute to him certain things, the imputation
should disclose that fact; and if the money was
given to Mrs. Davidson for herself, and not for
some other person, the pleader should so de
clare; and if the defendant had declared and
threatened that she would, if disappointed in
the financial venture, publish and impute to
Dr. Brown certain acts in which Miss Overman
figured, the information upon that point
should not be silent.
In fact, there should be no room for doubt
as to what the people charged in the informa
tion, and if there be any doubt the very oppo
site to the theory of the prosecution will be
presumed. Hence, because of the prosecution
failing to positively state certain facts, the
court must presume a state of facts as follows:
That the doctor did not fear tnat Mrs. Dav
idson would impute to him certain things if
she did not set $500; that she did not get any
money of any sum whatever for herself, and
that she was the agent of Jane Elizabeth Bad
din. Therefore, our conclusion being that de
fendant was an agent, the 'people in the in
formation have charged that defendant so
claimed, and the people have admitted that
claim by failing to deny It. While the de«
fendant denies that she was the agent of Mrs.
Baddin, but was the agent of Dr. Brown, she is
not permitted to contradict the presumption
of the law from the allegations set but in this
information, but whatsoever horn of the di
lemma the people will hook onto tha defend
ant is proclaimed an agent.
An agent is not a principal. Our Civil Code.
section 2295, provides as follows: "An agent
is one who represents another, called the
principal, in dealing with third persons. Such
representation is called agency.
Walter Hinkle, Assistant District Attor
ney, and Davis Louderback, special coun
sel" for the prosecution, answered, Mr.
Hinkle following Mr. Gallagher. Mr.
Guilfoyle, Mr. Gallagher's associate, came
next with substantially the same argu
ments first made, and Mr. Louderback and
Gallagher closed.
Coupsel for the prosecution argued that
the law in reference to obtaining money
by false pretenses had been applied by the
defense to this case of extortion. It was
claimed that if a person went to another
and refusing to give names announced that
the unknown third party would tell that
■which would bring disgrace, the party so
threatening would be guilty of extortion.
The question of agency, it was argued, was
immaterial. Besides the prosecution did
not charge that Mrs. Davidson was an
agent. They accused her of being a prin
cipal.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS!
1128 MARKET 81*.
BAKER'S #%r
TAR Jhft A POSITIVE
THE OWL DRUG CO.
San Francisco Los Angeles.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound 75c
Paine's Celery Compound 60c
Joy's and Hood's Sarsaparilla 65c
THE OWLDRUG CO.
CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
Williams' Pink Pills 35c
Cas toria 25c
Syrup -of Figs 35c
Cuticura Resolvent 70c
Warner's Kidney Cure : 85c
Allcock's Porous Plasters 10c
Carter's and Beechara's Pills 15?
Allen's Malt Whiskey 85c
Romany Oil 20c
WRITE FOR PRICE-LIST.
THE OWITdRUQ CO.
78
FATHER YORKE TO
B, F, HUDELSON,
Continued from Sixth Page.
consider such a system a necessity. I have also
— (Tirade.) ■ •
The question reads: "One general, non-secta
rinn system." The numeral "one" precludes
the support of other systems. Father Yorke
has said that he "believes in a free public
t-chool system" (see answer to Question C). He
has also'said that he believes ovk free public
bchooi system is a necessity" (see answer to
Question 14). But he has not said that he be
lieves in "supporting from : the public funds
oxe general, non-sectarian system." There
fore he has not answered my question, but -has
again dodged the Issue. fcffW
'. .'.>■' qukstjot 27. •.
"Pops Mr. Yorke favor using public funds or pub
lic property for sectarian purposes, whether di
rectly or Indirectly?"
Yorkk's Answkr— Neither directly nor indi
rectly flo I favor ukliir public fuudsor public prop
erty for sectarian purposes.
But if the State sees fit to pay for the main
tenance of Its wards at sectarian institutions, I do
not see why It should not do so. If Hie btate plnCes
b boy out with a farmer and pays for his clothes
and "his support, tne s»tate is not contributing to
-tarian purposes. If the farmer's wife teaches the
boy to say bis prayers und read his Bible.
What a ridiculous statement! In one breath
Father Yorke makes the positive assertion that
"neither directly or indirectly does he favor
using public funds or publfc property for sec
tarian purposes." and with his next exbala-'
tion he declares: "But if the State Bees lit to
j)»y for the maintenance of its wards at sec
tarian institutions, 1 cannot see why it should
not *do so." Does Father Yorke intend to deny
tnat in the latter case the State would, by pay
ing a sectarian institution for the care of its
wards, thus be indirectly contributing to its
support?
The father coniiuues as argument: "If the
State places a boy out with a farmer and pays
(or his clothes and his Bupport, tne State is not
contributing to sectarian purposes, etc." I
•would like to ask Father Yorke at what period
in history the farmer became a "sectarian pur
pose?"
Father Yorke forgot to tack on to this answer
his usual tirade against the A. P. A.
qikstiox 28.
"Does Mr. York* oppose the taxation of all non
governmental property?''
Vobkk's Axs\vj:r— l have already answered tills
question.
I repeat now that if the State wishes to remit
the taxes of non-productive property, or even of
productive property, which it wishes 'to foster,
such remission Is notahvays against public policy.
1 t»»'h case should be decided on its' merits. There
are no universal propositions in politics.
In his "reply" Father Yorke makes three
rtions.
.First— "l have already answered this ques
tion.'' This is false. Reference to question l(>
will show that that is precisely %vhat he did
not do. He ridiculed certain ideas, and he
, 6tate4 his belief as to .the financial soundness
of Methodist Bishops. But the very thing he
did not dt> was to state whether he is or is not
hostile to the taxation of all non-governmental
property.
Second— This assertion is an unsupported
statement concerning sound public policy, and
■ may be relegated to the rubbish heap.
Third— Father Yorke says, "There are no
universal propositions in politics." Possibly
not. Father Yorke, but there ate universal
propositions in justice. Yet I cannot accept
your dictum that "there are no universal
propositions in politics." Please produce your
oofs of this assertion, since you are ready to
prove all your statements. ,
In his answer to this question Father Yorke
.forgot to vituperate the A. I. A. The reply
scarcely sounds natural. l>id you really write
it yourself, father ?
QfESTION 29.
'•Does Mr. Yorke ojipo.se the public Inspection, of
all private schools, convents, nunneries, monas
t<>rn>s. sera inari and otf;er educational or char
itable institutions '.'"
Yokke's answkr— Most certainly I do, and for
the very same reason that« I would obpose the in
spection of my home. ' Ji itny institution becomes a
public nuisance or a menace to tbe welfare of tlie
state there are laws vtiuuuh to suppress it without
having recourse to h smelling-committee.
If twenty ladies choose to live In a oomraunltv
I ilo not see why their privacy should be disturbed
as huic us hul! a iJozen can live- In a boarding
house and not be subjected to espionage.
Here Father Yorke, as usual, flies the track.
1 should like to ask him what resemblance a
seminary has to his home, that he should have
the same reason lor opposing the inspection oi
one thr.t he wouid have for opposing the in
spection of the other. .
Again Fstner Yorke says: If any institution
becomes a public nuisance or a menace to the,
■welfare of the State, there are laws enough to
suppress it without having recourse to a
smelling-committee." Father Yorke, who in
sinuated tbat any of the insinuations referred
to in my question were public nuisances o»
menaces to the State? Who .-poke of suppress
' ing them? Or does their public inspection
necessarily involve their suppression? Lnd
by what rightdo you refer to a proposed pub
lic inspector as a. smelling-committee? Also ;
why ao you dra^ into the question the "twenty
Indies who may choose to live together?" Such
*n in-tinrion is *nrely not a seminary, mon
a-.ery, privai.choo! or other educational in
fciitotion. Why, iuen, do you infer that this
■principle is aimed only at convents and nun-
D >rie«*T
And as a matter of fact are not "privato
schools, convents, nunneries, monasterie.',
teminaries or other edurational institutions"
institutions of a quasi-jiublic character ? And
as snch ought they not to t>e open to public in-
Bpection ?
To his answer to this qnestion Father Yorke
append! a nauseating tirade, the subject for
liis venom beittfc, as usual, the A. I. A. This
dtsgnstin; jratue oi. his, vilifying decent
peop'.e, muet carry it- own condemnation with
the public. And I have yet to see the first man
to consider him jmre, who. every time another
mentions "an institution where women live,
jumps, to the conclusion'that-that othgr is in
dulging in vile thought. "Honi soil gui raal
y pense !" .':■•"'; "■
QtF-STION 3.
' "Does Mr. Yorke support for office any person
who recognize! aileiriance to any foreign or pcclesl
■stical' potentate as superior to our Government?"
iiRK)- ■> asswkk - 1 haV'alreadv answered this
question. (Long tirade against th»- A. P. A.)
Mr. Yorke states the thing that is not. He
has not answered this question. In Answer to
question. she stated that be considers it "un
wise to put in office men who owe allegiance to
a foreien power." But that does not state
■whether or not Father Yorke personally,*up
pbrts such men for oflice. He has dodged
again. , •
question SI.
••Is Mr. Yorke in favor of eraming public lands
to other than actual settlers?"
Yorkk'k unvnM am not. I believe that those
who profit by the liberality of the Qovtnuneol
Bboold make return by cultivating Uie soil. (Tirade
acalr.st the a. p. A.)
Father Yorke then approves this principle of •
the A. P. A., and despite his almost endless vi
tuperation of the order we have found another,
bit ot common ground.
Mr. Editor: I have no time to-night for the
further consideration <>f Father Yorko's letter.
I have not .yet -id red his objections to
secrecy, and I desire' to show by the briefest
eynopsls of the points pone over" just what the
articles of disagreement are between the A. P.
A. and the Catholic church, or its representa
tives. The Sabbath, however.-is my day of
rest. I will, therefore, with 'your permission,
resume this communication on Monday. Yerv
respectfuilv, B. F. Hcdelson,
President of the A. F. A: of California.
LITTLE PETE ON A WHEEL
The Wily Mongolian Has Be
come an Enthusiastic
Bicyclist.
He Likes to Fly Through Golden Gate
Park With the Native
Riders,
Little PPte, the notorious Chinese poli
tician and highbinder "boss," has drifted
away from the society of his people in the
Chinese quarters and found new pleasures
in wheeling.
Little Pete has become an out and out
votary of the .bicycle. Already he prides
himself upon his facility of managing the
wheel, and is now cutting a wide dash
Kinong the bicyclists who daily frequent
Golden Gate Park.
His countrymen look on stolidly at his
performance, which, according to their
very conservative way of viewing innova
tions in anything, is regarded as extra
ordinary. That a follower of Confucius
should go whirling alone unon ji bicycle
is not, as a rule, considered just the proper
thing among the more steady going Mon
golians, so Little Pete has created quite a
stir in the Chinese quarter with his "bike"
and his fad.
Bui Little Fete, as on many a former oc
casion, ha? thus shown his desire to keep
from being commonplace. It mattered
little whether it was as a dictator among
highbinders, a -schemer to defeat the law,
or an imitator of the 'Melican man, he
manages to get there.
In the park nowadays ho is a conspicu
ous figure among wheelmen. He rides a
high-grade wheel of the latest pattern and
rides it well. He takes in the "Dull ring"
like all the other bicyclists and stretches
himself upon grassy banks for resi and a
sun bath.
The funny men among the other bicy
clists used to crack jokes at Little Pete's
expense, out that day is past now, for
the young men have had their nil of the
strange, canning Mongol.
• The Chinese interloper in the "bull ring"
liglits'a cigarette, allows his queue to rly
backward in the wind and "digs" with an
ambition to give a display.
He usually ■ appears in a soft hat of the
"slouch" variety, with \he rim pulled
down over his eyes, which are protected
by spectacles. As yet he has not adopted
tbe modern bicycle sweater, and is satis
lied with steel clasps around his blue
trousers abovje the ankle. The conven
tional Chinese shoe suits the pedal admira
bly.
Little Pete's favorite run is through the
park, once around the carriage concourse
near the music-suell and then out to the
Cliff and return. With his well-known
ability as a leader it is believed by men
who know him that Little Pete will soon
have a numerous following of Chinese
wheelmen.
Services at St. Ignatius.
The devotion of the forty hours will be
opened to-day at St. Ignatius Church with
solemn high mass »t 1O:HO a. St. Key. Father
Calzia will be celebrant, Father Trichft deacon
and Mr. l'.ollefroid S. J., sub-deacon. The choir
in charge of Maurice W. O'Connell, organist
and musical director, will render Yon Suppe's
mas*, with "Ecce Panis" (by Vilar), as oner
tory. During the procession after mass the
grand "l'ange Lingua" will be sung by the
full choir and chorus. At 7:30 r. H. Uenerali's
Vespers will be sung, and for benediction
"O <'r Amoris" (by Riga) and Rossi's "Tantuni
Ergo." On Monday the services will be held
fit !• \. m. and 7 :30p. m., and on Tuesday morn
ing the devotion will close with solemn high
mass nt 9 o'clock. The soloists will be Messrs.
D. M. Jones. J. <;. Morrissey, U. Berger, R. S.
Duncan and (.;. V. Wood.
For Faunly Culture.
The Woman's Federation plan for the opening
of mothers' meetings, a sewing-school and a
Band of Hope at North Beach is being curried
iuto operation at the Fourth Congregational
Church, which has L>een placed at their dis
posal for that purpose by the pastor, Rev. F. A.
Flawith. A joint committee from the Woman's
Christian Temperance I'nian and the Woman's
Federation for Public Good lias it in charge. It
is a part of the .movement fur family culture
that has been agitated by the Woinnn : s Feder
ation since the North Beach scandal.
The Jury Disagreed.
The jury in the case of T. B. Fraser, V. L.
Fraser and Frank B. Harvey, wliose trial for
cutting- Government timber" in Mendocino
County has been in progress for several days
in the I'nited States district Court, yesterday
lailed to agree and whs dismissed.
lti-ookg to Keoite.
At Howard - street Methodist Episcopal
Church to-night, Fred Emerson Brooks, the
California poet .will be present and will recite
one of his unique poems entitled "Palestine."
Mr. Macy, his associate, will sing. Service be
gins at 7:30 p. m.
I-pi'tiire on Catholic Loyalty.
A free lecture on "Catholic Loyalty" will be
delivered under the auspices oi the Young
Ken's Catholic Union in Metropolitan Temple,
l.nday evening, February 21, by Rev. \Y D.
McKinnoaof Kio Vista.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GHAXH HOTEt.
IT R Martin, Sacramento J H .Innt-s, Cal
w Manning, Cal J F Hr.lme, >' y
s Jenkins & w. Chicago E FMilloti Ji w, Cal
C Peurch, Napa • J M Ursihum, Benicia
1) A McDougul.Stockton J.l Dunn, .Berkeley '
i: Holbrook, Stanford E Olukelspiel. Suisun
.1 11 Cheeseman.Brkeley KR- Hinckley. UaklauJ
W A Smith, Petalnma Jt X Phillips, Fresno
M i: Ilornlein. Sacto WE Dargie, Oakland
X 1) Stewart * » . Portld Mrs S W Koss, Cal
.1 StelnmHz, Warm spgs Miss H A Stelrnnitz, Wm
A C Sieinmitz Aw, Wm .Sijriuss
Springs N" wines, .Santa Barbara
Miss F N Hand, Stanford LS Fltzwilllams, I. Ang
Mis* Wilson, N V . . R j Ferrer, JSn ssela
C .1 Tlsdale. Brussels II S Conner, Lv Crosse
C W Fitch, Duluth J B Chlnri, I'orterville
II E Wo'.cott. Sacto ' .111 Bornhom. JLos Ang
Miss Parker, >a.:\ Jose <; II Cutting, Mass
tllss Jacksou, >acto V C Brown. N V
Miss W Oranip, Beanie B R FecemanJ Rochester
Miss llaitle luce. Seattle C 1. Bliss. Muna Cruz
P True, San Rafael AY a Chapman, Cotati
.1 A Benkham. Los Ang Mrs Parker, san jose
0 II Cutting, Worcester J McLMuirhead, Victoria
.Mis W-R Tolles, S Bern Dr W R Hamilton <fe w,
B v Behree, Belmont J'eoria, Hi
L Horn, Berkeley I c Boss, Berkeley
.i 0 Lovejoy. Tulare H B Nichols. Sel
C L McConnell, Cliicasjo ll J. Shattuck. Denver
MrsT .1 Andrews. SacCO A .1 Campbell. Oakland
W P Cosgrave, Winona P Cosgrave, Winona
II M Taber & \r, N Dak J S Watson it vvf, Fareo
Mrs W k Tolles. 8 Diego •
KTJSS HOUSE.
J C McPherson, ("al .1 N Neely, Milton
M I.owrij, San 'Jose ■ X Thomas it w, Or
M Towleraon, San Jose W.l Kenyon, Stockton
.1 P Wadsworth, Cal C X \\>mple, 111
X Dixon, Dixon (J Prentz, Wash
T A Peacock, 8 l'.afael I) Grifllth Penryn
W Tucker, Fuirtield ' F- J Pierce, Nicholas
LThomburtrh, Or J J'.:irdin, Salinas
FC Hyde, Or t W If aldrich. Salinas
<; H Merrill, Wil'ows L Leary, Auburn
.1 II Thompson, Willows J>r<; Provins, I-'ia
E Gallagher, Lotus W T Cowan, Santa Rosa
.C T Price, Lotus - • M Nelson Jt w.san Jose
C Manews, Oakland PFGjoney, Or -.■.-"■
M Bar) er, Oregon " • J s Skipto"n, Oregon
I. D Munpler,' Ashland ■J F Davis, Portland
II M l.illis. Taconia W C Spaulding, Kureka
E D P.owman, Oroville R \v Armlngton,' wf <fc
tieo Ileraet, sacto . fm, Palmero
C B Scott, Portland ' t'has Sawyer, Oakland
Mrs J J Adams, Sacto,' (I Battertfeldt, Angels
H Stelling, Davis ' 1 C Carburry, U s Navy .
Al. Finney, Modesto; Tom Pierce, Montana
Jas If Clark, Santa Cruz J Allen <fc wf, Santa (Jruz
P ll' Winston, Boston . M W Bessac, Lincoln
Dr A Laporta, Cuba X It Michael, N V
Jas Hickey, Hlver Peak Miss Be!», Portland
011 Dunn, Shelbyviile Wm Kccles, PorUand '
- PALACE HOTEL. . » ; ' ! '
J McWhlrter, Holyoke B Ilobart, Chicago
Miss Goeckler, N Jlaven J de Berthatn. France
C H Line, Stanford A E Palmer, BC
.1 i. Terry, Bacramento T Miles, Seattle
B Marx. N V P Ely, Cleveland
C F Cutler, N V • s T Goodbie, Salt Lake
J Bennett, Coos Ray V P p»y n, N V
W a McDonald, s-attle 11 Hume. Maine
F 11 Maloney. N V T Ratcllffe. Pawtucket
H I! steinman, N v v G Golden, N v
UK Wilson, s:.i:iford V. <; Payer, Stanford
<> I. Blebinger, Bs I.ouis C H Payne. I'awtucket
G M I'ayne, Pawtucket ' J R Payne, Paw-tucket '
Mrs Bieblnjt r, Bt Louis X T Parlin, Fargo
V Kucert, Portland • L Rooney, St I^ouis
Mrs'Ksfcert, Portland B F Brooks. ltiveraide
I. ion Cobeii. Oregon Mrs Cohen, Pendleton
X L Oaunt, Montreal Mrs Gaunt, Moiureal *
LICK HOUSE.
J C JSnss, Cal E Dyer, Oakland
\\ C Brooks, OaViaud II O Dusenhurv, Oakland
\\ J starkey. ( iil John Wilson. Cal
.1 C Chamberlain, Cal . J T Taylor, Sacramento
J L Graves, Poftlana \V II Dow, Chicago
Albert Dow, Chlcaijo F Ostranuer, "Merced
C P Youne, N V . TJBrown, santa Kosa
s X Hoover, Sacto A L Macleod, Portland
H X Kisher, St Louis Silas Carle, Sacramento
F Allen, San Jose W A Selkirk, ban Berdo
M Bryan, Oakland Mrs H V Morehouse, S J
Mrs Desoldo, San Jose J H James, Sacramento
A X Wilder, San Jose Warren Treat, Blees
B X Moore, Fre.ino C 11 Beully, Sacto -
F Robinson <& wf, San .i»se " •. •
COSMOPOLITAN.
Mrs M Sypo & mthr.lll E Stephens & fm, Cal
J C Youne, Ijcnicia • *C Armstrobg; L Angeles
\\ II Saylor, Milpitas P Keefe <fc \v, Sonora
J P Galloway it w. COIO .1 Arche, Astoria - :-
Q W McDonald, Or M Mckenzie <fe w. Or
J WinelaJirl, Colo . N II Richmond <fe w. Cal
J M Hiberlinif. St Paul W stoos, 111
A Drendell, 111 E \V Piatz, Leland
X.l L Jones, Mont O X Coon, Seattle - ? *
0 J Anderson, Seattle Mrs solgtield, Seattle
J it Heaney, Seattle Mrs Rheves. Victoria
J Urown, Stockton . Mrs J T Scott, Victoria
J II Waterman H B Smith <fe w, Antioch
I N Comstock, Tahoe- F E Lee, Vreka *
.BALDWIN HOTEL.'
J McWh]rter f T Kemp, Palo Alto
CJdeKo<l, Benicla II Kiuidfrs, Kansjillto
D \V Lon^, Oakland - li S Waians, Salt Lake
s Christie. Milwaukee , Jttisß M Lee, San Jose
J\V Collins, San Jose J LoDgnevan, NY. '
L M Hale. San Jose J A Fengers, San Jose
II \V «teh, fcadnor, B C .Miss Campbell, Han Jose
C- H Jones. Los Angeles M'Uoddart <fc \vf, Vallejo
A M Jessie, st Louis J liofl'mann. Truckee
Mrs F Taylor. Truckf e J J Brown, San Jose
(' JB Smitli, New York ' ' Mls« A .Sniiih. NY
E X r.urns. .Seattle* • : T Monell, St l'aul .
Miss C Willis, Denver. - It Manoing, New York
XKfl' WHSTKRN HOTEL. .
Chas Holland. Vallpjo tB L Fmher. A lameda
C F .i.-ii'-s. uakiitsxi ■. G W Halleft.WaiiaWalla
A Hatch <fewf, Salt Lake C C Pickett, Kokomo
C Beltaray &wf,Portland Jas Whlttaker. Salt Lake
Charlotte Ransom*, Mo AAT.icharJs.Bakersfield
-W 8 Ballev. La Salic SB Gardner, Chicago . *
X Beamett <fc wf. Chicago Charles Peel, Milton
J C Spiller, Portland ,• C Brown, Ashlaud
— « » ' '» — : — — .
While doinjr a sleieht-of-hand trick
Albert C. "Walters, a Findlay (Ohio) col
lege student, swallowed a silver.idollar
which lodpea. below the windpipe. It re
quired the services of two physicians to
remove the coin. . * .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
NEW BUSINESS BUILDING.
The Hobart Estate Erecting One
on Post Street, Near
Stockton.
It Is Designed With a Handsome Front
of Stone and a Mansard
Roof.
The new Hobart buiding on Post street,
The Handsome New Hobart Building on Post Street, Near Stockton, to Be Constructed in the Immediate
Future.
[From the architect's elevation.]
IN A BLAZE OF RADIANCE.
The First Anniversary Ball of
the National Electrical
Workers.
Rarely Beautiful Display of Lights
Amid the Exquisite Floral
Decorations.
Over two thousand fairy lights of green
and gold and deep rich red, gleaming
amid festoons of verdure, gave to Odd
Fellows' Hall last night an aspect which
reminded one of some bright vista in
Aladdin's fabled palace. The National
Motherhood of Electrical Engineers, local
No. C, had evidently made up their minds
that their first anniversary ball should be
a brilliant affair in the way of illumina
tion as well as socially. In the center of
the hall hung a large circular corona so
ablaze with radiance as to leave the obser
ver in doubt as to the material which
formed its framework.
From this dazzling focus depended long
evergreens so spangled with electric lights
in every harmoniously contrasting shade
as to resemble strings of priceless gems.
The wall lights were half hidden from
view by nuge bunches of scarlet poppies,
and between eacn cluster hung long gon
falons of white and crimson sprinkled
with golden stars. Alone the galleries
were hangings of rose and azure ci*>oe de
Chine, caught up by garlands of natural
flowers. On the stage, surrounded by a
graceful drapery of crimson, was a shield
of smilax fully twenty feet wide, bearing
the initials of the brotherhood and the
word "Welcome" traced in letters of light
about a star of surpassing briliancy.
The dancing strains of Schubert's over
ture to "Les Dames de Seville," rendered
in spirited and artistic style by Hy lies'
Orchestra, soon merged into the yet "live
lier measure of Lysberg's "Valse dcs
Papillons," and the floor was soon a scene
of kaleidoscopic gayety. Between the
dances much amusement was afforded by
a number of phonographs stationed at
ONE OF THE CLEVER ELECTRICAL DEVICES AT THE BALL
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.}
near Stockton, of which Percy & Hamil
ton are architects, has been started by the
tiling of contracts, for foundations and
concrete work. It is to consist of six
stories and a basement of a total height
from the ground of eighty feet. It is de
signed for mercantile purposes, although
it is so arranged that it may be very easily
finished up as an office building.
The front, on Post street, is 67:6 wide
and is to be constructed up to the sixth
story of stone. Above that is a mansard
roof constructed of copper and slate. The
side wall and frontace on Morton street,
to which street it extends a distance of 120
feet, will be built of brick. The inside
structural work consists of iron columns
various points in the hall in charge of sev
eral of the pillars of the brotherhood.
The success of the affair was due in great
part to the painstaking labors of t tie vari
ous committees, whicij were composed of
the following-named gentlemen:
Committee of arrangements— A. F. Irvine
(chairman), E. Rush, W. L. Bentley. C. E.
Hasten, H. Kenny, C. M. Little, W. N. Man
ning.
Floor manajror— 0. E. Hasten ; assistant floor
malinger — A. Sonfcer.
Floor committee— F. Throckmorton, Tt. At
wood, R. B. Bennett, I. I'oterson, F. Severs, J.
Gilkyson.
Xi ivj-tion committee— R. B. Porter, W.
Forest, G. P. Manning, F. Koons, J. R, Fulton,
L. Kruger. J. Camerron. S. M. Keeble, elec
trician.
The local brotherhood, though young,
is prosperous, its membership being large
and its prospects bright. Following is the
list of ofKcers: W. L. Bei.tley, past presi
dent; E. Rush, president; G.T. McClellen,
financial secretary; G. Frost, recording
secretary; J. Camerron, treasurer; G. Barn
hardt, foreman; R. Atwood, inspector; R.
B. Porter, assistant inspector; C. M. Little,
press secretary ; trustees— W. L. Bentley,
W. Forest, A.F. Brown.
STRUCK HIS VOCATION.
An Aged Negro Tells How He Came to
Bo v Sigii-Faihter.
All "artist sign-pairiters" will now have
to Jook to their laurels, for there is a new
rival in the field. He does business under
the name of Albert Hepburn, and was
born in the South of pood old African
stock. That was over eighty years ago,
and since then Albert has worked at many
trades, from cotton-picking to preaching.
He says that he did uretty well at all of
them, but never found his real mission in
life until he took to sign-painting.
The way that Albert came to discover
his talent was by posing for an artist who
was painting a picture with an old negro
for one of the figures. As soon as Albert
entered the studio he felt as if he had
found what he had always sought. He
asked many questions while there, and
when he left was presented with a dis
carded sketch box, a few tubes of color
and some brushes.
His first work was to paint his name on
the box. He did it so well that he thought
he had better make a business of sign
painting, and, accordingly, added the rest
of the inscription. He apologizes for pet- i
ting the "s" in the word "artist" turned
and steel girders for carrying the various
floors.
The foundation is of the cantilever con
struction, the cantilevers being con
structed of concrete, with twisted iron rods
imbedded in them to give them the neces
sary tensile strength.
The principal entrance in the center of
the Post-street facade will be made a
special feature, and be elaborately finished
in granite and marble.
No interior decorations will be included
in the present contracts until it is defi
nitely decided to what uses the building is
to be put.
The estimated cost of the structure com
plete is $70,000.
backward by sayinc that it was the first
time he had" made the letter.
It has been a couple of months since
Albert started out in business, and he now
has a large number of customers in differ
ent parts of the City. His principal work
is making signs for "ladies' v who take in
washing. If they just want the words
"washing and ironing" he charges 25
cents, provided they furnish the board.
The Sign Artist Ready for Work.
[Sketched from life oy a '''Call" artist.]
If the name of the proprietor is wanted
there is an additional charge of 15 cents.
Even at this modest sum Albert says he
makes a good living, much better than he
could at cleaning windows, and he is his
own boss.
Albert does not boast of a place of busi
ness just yet, but goes out with his box
every day and makes personal calls on his
customers. He has done a large amour.t
of work in the vicinity of Sacramento and
Lravenworth streets, but says his best
efforts have been made near his own home
at North Beach. He has also done some
fine work in the Potrero, and says he made
a sign for a dressmaker that" any artist
might be proud of.
Albert's method of working is simple.
He takes an ordinary smooth board and
rubs a coatine of turpentine and white
lead over it, that dries in a few minutes,
and then starts m with the letters in any
color paint the customer desiTes. He does
not attempt to "space" his letters, but gets
his board long enough in the first place,
and then saws off what is not wanted
after the line is finished. While at work
Albert is surrounded by all the children in
the neighborhood, and they do not seem
to bother him in the least. He proudly
explains bis methods to them as he goe"s
along, and tells them that they may be
able fo do as well when they .grow up if
they behave themselves and "study their
lessons.
A RELIC OF THE PAST.
Slab From the Old California The
ater In a cig.'ir-
Store.
Fred Homer, proprietor of a cigar-store
on Bush street, near Dupont, is the owner
of the stone slab that was once over the
main doorway of the old California Thea
ter. The slab has been put in a frame
under a cabinet of cigar boxes, and in such
a position as to be plainly visible to pedes
trians passing down the street.
Ttie slab came into the possession of the
present owner at the time the old theater
was torn down in 1888. He s.iw it in a pile
of rubbish about to be carted away, and
asked for it. Mr. Homer had a double
reason for desiring the slab. In the first
place he was much attached to the old
theater and in the second place the date on
the sfab was the same as the year in which
he arrived in San Francisco^
The sliib is a fine piece of marble, and
has the words, "Bush street, 18G-S" deeply
carved on the surface. The slab has been
in its present position for eight years, and
is likely to remain there a good while
longer. It attracts a great deal of atten
tion from passersby.
•— ♦ — ♦
THE QUEEN PARDONED.
Sucb Is the News From Honolulu.
Zimmerman Arrives.
Among the sixty-two cabin passengers
of the Monowai, which arrived this morn
ing, are A. A. Zimmerman, the bicyclist,
and wife, Syr "William Wimleyer, Lord
Chief Justice of New South Wales, on his
I way to England, James Mills, managing
• director of the Union Steamship line of
New Zealand, to which the Mor.owai be
longs, W. N. Hires of the Root Beer Com
pany.
A severe hurricane passed over the Ton
fa group of islands in the South
'aciftc on the 3d of January causing
the total loss of the Samoan schooner
; Aele and the barks Woosung and West
! Australian. It was the heaviest gale felt
in that locality for forty years.
The steamer Kahului is in Honolulu,
having arrived from Sydney with coal.
The only important piece of news
brought by the steamer was the announce-'
ment that ex-Queen Liliuokalani had been
pranted a pardon. This was predicted by
The Call some time ago.
• — • — •
Brooks and Macy Kntertainment.
Next Tuesday evening, by special request,
Fred Emerson Brooks, the California poet, and
his associate, J. Williams Maey, buffo-basso
and humorist, of New York, will give another
of their unique entertainments at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium,
Mason and Ellis streets. This will be their
last appearance in San Francisco this season,
as they leave Tuesday night for Los Angeles
en route to Texas and Arizona. Mr. Brooks
will read some of his latest poem*. Mr. Macy
is a whole entertainment in himself.
JCntertnined />j/ Uokti Smith.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.—Secre
tary Hake Smith entertained the Presi
dent and Mrs. Cleveland, the members of
his Cabinet and ladiea of their families at
dinner this evening. Secretary Olney was
the only mem ber of the Cabinet who was
absent, and his place was taken by Repre
sentative Turner of Georgia.
Warships at Amoy.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 15.— A Shanghai
dispatch to a news agency states that six
German warships have assembled at Amoy
for the purpose of founding a naval trad
ing station there in opposition, to the one
now existing at Hongkong.
The Korean Minintrr.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 15.— Pom
Kwang Soh, the new Korean Minister, ac
companied by his secretary, Bong Sun
Pak, arrived in Washington this afternoon
forty-seven days after leaving Seoul.
The Talk of Cats.
Cats differ as much as human beings in
the quality of their voices and in their
talkativeness, and as far as my observa
tion goes, the finest bred have the least to
say. Princess and her immediate de
scendants were talkers; they always
mewed for what they wanted, and in
response to a greeting or question; and
they asked many questions, the drift of
which we could not always catch, with
unmistakable interrogation in the tone-
She and 'M'liss, who was a chatterbox
after her kind, both had a habit of making
little conversational sounds in the throat
as many dogs have, especially when mucn
petted; they would keep up this sotto
voce communication for ten or fifteen
minutes, much to our perplexity, though
it sometimes evidently expressed'affection
or a wish for sympathy. They had great
variety of inflections in talking to their
kittens, and many of them were tender
and even musical, like the chirp of a bird —
Temple Bar.
JOY'S "What you get «t
•■'Vy, 1 <J Joy sis good." ..
J irw2 COMBLWION SALE
JvJ O If you buy the combination
v/c.-^,-;i-H 1 ,.--- you save money.
lOY —
JV * **^ Palne's Celery Compound to bo
JOY'S Munyon's Headache Tablet." is
JOY S Face P0wder....... 50
joy's • DlBoount : !!?
»ljOs
M SyrupofFigs so SR
lirN -.,_ Allcock's Master.:.... ••••»"J ( >
JO Y S Dt - McKenzle>s Sy.tem Tonic 100
JOY'S DlBCOunt • v ..;. fa ;as
JOY'S
;-.--'-.,; Williams' Pink Pills... *o 35
lAVO . Scott's Emulsion... rr
JUY O Pinaod'sHairKestorer.:::::; 75
JOY'S Discount for combination.* 1 25
JOY'S '^
_ _,_ ■■-- Pozzoni Face Powder ."...$0 35
TOVQ i«ttcura!«oap ............. 15
J\J I O Pierre's Kxtract ..1...:."..- 100
J\J V O Discount for combination. *J3
JOY'S 81 25
JOY S : Joy's and Hood's, 65c :
TOY'S 1 JOY , S l
, JOY'S
J .°X>t BALDWIS PHARMACY,
JUY O •'■■ Under Baldwin Hotel. ' '
I Powell and JslArket streets.
tific men of 6K*i»? wl inviporates
Europe and RwWiy!^! and tones tho
MANHOOD JwS^^W^i night«opp°d
illicitly. Orer 2,000 private endorsements.
The new discovery was made by the special-
I lsts of the old famous Hudson Medical Insti-
I tute. It is the strongest vitalizer made. It Is
very powerful, but harmiesa.
- Learn the grand truth of health, make your-
self a man again by Ming the Californlan
remedy. You can only get it- from the Una soa
Medical Institute. Write for free circulars.
Send for testimonials and circulars free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
5 Stoekton St., Sao Francisco, al.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
■ore-producing germs. . Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old spres'and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "BJood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts. '
LIVER- your liver is affected yoa
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
disconcerted." You will notice many symptoms
that you. really have und many that you realiy
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDXET Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because bo many men live rapia
lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
DON'T PASS THIS BY.
TVTOW 13 THE TIME TO BUY CHEAP, AS WE
-1." are still blockaded by the Spreckels fence, and
we are willing: to make big reductions in the prices
of our Shoes as an inducement to our customer*.
This week we are making a special drive on La-"
dies' Lace Shoes. They have line Doncola Kid
Vamps, Cloth or Kid Tops, Pointed or Medium
Square Toes and V-shaped Patent Leather Tips
with pliable soles, and we will sell them for • ■ -
$2.35.
They are worth at least $3, and can be guaran-
teed in every way. . . -• :
uliOOi <^ > <^^f;
> : ;;V. ■;■;/. ■ t.. .i — J
Here is a bargain, and no mistake, and Ladli>s
who wear Oxford Ties should take advantage of Ir.
Ladies' Hongoia Kid Oxfords, with Pointed Toes,
Patent Leather Tips and FJiKNCU STITCH
HEELS and Hand-Turned soles, lor
$i.35.
They are easy on the feet and require no break-
Injcin. \yidths C. d and E. They retail regularly
for ?2 and $2 50.
JSS 1 " Country orders solicited.
IS" Send for New illustrated Catalogue.
• Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
IO Third Street, San Francisco.
DR. PIERCES **$& 6ALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
IstheLates* Patent; contains all improvements
and Is sold at oneJialf tbe price askitl for luferior,
but much-advertised electric be:t<. . "
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierces belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of Cam havlnz
been made whtTt' physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief.
The strongest possible evidence will be given to
Inquirers as 10 the efficacy aud superiority of Dr.
Pierces belts, and a thorough fTnmlnttnn and
comparison of these coods with all Mhrra is re-
spectfully invited of all Intendinz puctuMen of an
Electric Kelt. JS3T Call or -vrite for free Pamkh-
Wt No. i" Address •
DKS. iIERCE t SOX.
. . 704 Sacramento Street."
: . . 2d, 3rd and 4th floors. San Francisco, CaL
DR.\YO.\GWOO .^v
Chinese Drusrn - ' £r^**LJ?s2k ■
and Tea anil Herb " mEt*
!'• •■■' Sanitarium,' • - B7 ' '^fca
776 CLAY STKKET, SL \l. $»
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, KN <B^ SF
•/ Ban .Francisco. W^f *?5^ ,^i •
I. thf un>:i-,Mi;ii ; ii, havo w /'■ Of
Deen cured from kidn-v r-fft—rS \K
trouble, ' from which "i \ MGwl " *j 1
suffered for ovei 10 years " tmfti J j
by Dr.' Wong Woo. ' Jfc. V*^ &£
Ofhco hours: 9:30 to 1 WBlSKSS&bb'jdffiiik/t*
4. U. it03,7t09 r. v. Ilium Larfy iiaWßlST. BRANDON WAS FIRST.
Carried Top Weight in the
California Stake and Won
Handily.
CASPAR A SPEEDY YOUNGSTER.
George Miller, the "Kansas City Hin.
doo," Won the Special Race
for Sprinters.
With a day not unlike the hazy weather
of an Indian summer in the Eastern
States, visiting horsemen found it difficult
to imagine th:u they were racing in the
midst of winter. It was an ideal racing
day, and the cars conveying passengers to
lngleside were crowded. The card was
one of the best offered at the meeting. In
addition to the usual routine of flat rsces
the California stake for "lepper6," two
miles over eight hurdles, with a guaran
teed value of $1200 to the tirst horse, was
run.
There was no apparent scarcity of coin,
for the sixteen bookmakers in the big bet
ting-ring all did a rushing business. Fa
vorites carried off tne laurels in three out
of the six events, ana as the other winners
all ran backed the talent had a fairly suc
cessful day of it.
Four of the fields were dispatched by the
Australian starting machine, and it is safe
to predict that long, tedious delays at the
post are a thing of the .past: The
t*cven starters in the two-year-old event
were sent away ;o a beautiful start in ex
actly two minutes.
The stake race was third on the card,
fct. Brandon, carrying top weight, 165
pounds, was favorite in the betting at 9 to
5. Taylor's pair, Bellringer and Carmel,
Lad second call, with the Corrigau entries,
Contentment and Bedford, third in dc>
niand. J0 C and Janus were the other
6tarters.
1 here was some delay at the t>ost, caused
by the unruly actions of Carmel and Bell
ringer. When Caldwell rinally dropped
ig Spence on Bellringer was quickest
away, and cleared the first jump in ad
vance of the others. Soon joined oy Con
tentment, Bellringer and the Corrigan
horse showed the way fora mile and three
quarters. As the stretch was reached the
second time, Boyd, astride the favorite,
made his b:d, and as the iast jump was
reached the bright green jacket of St.
•on was in front. John Brenocks
line jumper stumbled after making the
Hurdle, but Boyd quickly caught him,
and drawing away from Beliringer beat
him easiiy by four lengths.
Ten or fifteen lengths away Content
• and J O C fought it out for the show,
mer getting it by a head. The win
lipped three-quarters of a second off
oast record, covering the distance in
stable of Burns & Waterhouse un
: .. v. ry promising youngster in the
ear-old event in Caspar, aracy-look
: ihe English norse St. Andrew.
. the lead soon after the start, and
Iling up from Orseno. There was
.need favorite in the betting,
Uip H and Investigator II all
Xt 4 to 1 in the books.
The second event at seven furlongs re
in the defeat of the 8 to 5 favorite
iky. A. way from the post none too
he was beaten out a neck by the 15 to
• Wyoming, splendidly ridden by
Macklin. Don Pio Pico, a 100 to 1 chance,
was a good third.
The special rive-furlong dash, with that
speedy quartet, George Miller, DerfargiJla,
Moboi.-.^ca and Pat Murphy, as starters,
resulted in another winning bracket for
the "Kansas City Hindoo? 1 Pittsburg
I'nii's mare was a warm 6 to 5 favorite in
tne ring, with Miller closing second choice,
half a point lower than Mobolasca.
Pat Murphy's odds were played down
from 40 to 12 to 1. The start was not one
of Caldweii's best efforts. George Miller
was away in front, and never headed, won
as he pleased from Mobalasoa, who was
tnree lengths before Derfargilla.
The fifth race, over seven furlongs, ended
in a rather easy win for Sea Spray, who
went to the post 4 to 1. and making the
running from the jump, won by a length
from Fortuna. Moliie R, (be 13 to 5 favor
ite, finished fourth, behind Hermanita.
The concluding event of the day was an
other seven furlong run, with live" fct-arters.
< Hive was a 7 to 5 choice, with »4arner up,
and passing Chartreuse II on the back
stretch, won cleverly by a length and a
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Corty-fitth Day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Fast. Ingle
-1 side Track. San Francisco , Saturday. February 15, i 896.
RQQ : ~r P.ACE-Four furlongi; two-year-olds; conditions;
; purse $400.
Index. Horse, weight. I St. 14 I 1^ I %
Caspar .......11l 3 ' 14
677 jOrstno 104 8 | 10
652 Linaendale 101 4: 9 ■
887 ! Billy Vice 11l 6 22
569 Gordon 104 2 53
652 Investigator 111. .103 II 8h
687 Modestia 101 c 6 6 fa
CharJ«smajrne 11l 10 i 7 2
PhillipH.. 11l 7 Sh
Popinjay 11l Hi 1 11
652 Viking 110 9| ' 4b
Jr. Jex.
Horse, weight.
Bt.
V*
atr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
1 2
83
7 V 2
2 2
g J*
92
5%
10 3
11
63
14 iGriftin
2 1 McClatn
3V 2 iFrawl(%r
4h Macklin..
6 b (Jarner...
6 1/2 I Bergen
7 li/a Coady ..........
8 3 Cborn....
9 3 K. Jones
10 3 Tullett
11 Shields
3
8
25
15
6
3
6
5
4
50
15
4
25
60
25
■ 7
2
'; 4
5
9 6
50
25
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Burns <fc Waterhouse's b. c, by St. Andrew-Cusine.
gate use<i. Time, :51.
Starting
/•OQ SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
: : •. . t .
Horse, weight.
. Jociceis.
Betting.
Op. CL
66K Wyoming 108'
(683) Ko-.valsky 1041
694 I>on J'io Pico 104,
(616) Sam Leake 110:
671 Si. 110!
(HHO) tv-rr;s Hartman..lol
tif'l I'uity 105
689 1 City Girl 99
; 6 I
o
i 5
7
8
3
1
4 !
3%
"I"
41
8
11%
1 V 4
6 2
3i/ a
41
2 1
62
7V a
1 v 2
6k
8
If
2 2
63
!£
73
8
3 2*
4 2
■ 2 5
5 3
6 4
lh
7
8
lh Macklin
2 1 Bergen
»i/j H.Martin
4 1 Cirlffln
6 h I DoggeU
6 4 Slaughter
7 3 Cochran
8 E. Jones
10 15
7-5 32
20 60
4 5
2 7-2
10 15
4 7-2
30 100
Good start. Won driving. Winner, J. G. Brown's b. c, by Pardee-Caprice. Starting-gate used.
Time, I :29 V*.
T Clf\ THIRD RACE-Two milog, ovtr eight hurdles; handicap; three-year- olus and up; the Cal-
I UU. iornia stakes, value $1500.
Index. Horse, age, weight. I St. I
t 679) St. Brandon, 6... 165 4
879 Bellriiiger, a 155; 1
6K4 rotmmnient, 5..135J ti
(>79 J OC, 4 147; 3 I
630 Carmel, 5 146 7
649 Janus, a 135 i 5 j
b55 Bedford, 5 130 9
1% i
j Std. Vi IVa 'li I Fin- Jockeys.
3 1 ] /2 33 34 26 14 Boyd.
li/j 11:11 lh 210 Spence
23 2 6 24 310 3h McCu110u5b........
4 2 5 4 4 4 420 420 Blakeley
|5h 4h '510 '510 66 Cairns
7 7 7 64 620 G. Cocbran...
6 6 4 6 2 7 7 J.Mara
Betting.
Op. Cl.
4 -1 X
1 12
6 3 2
i 3 '2 b
7 7
: 5 6h
9 5 a
8-5
3
5-2
7
6
9-5
5-2
3
. h
*
6
Good start. Won easily. Winner, John Brenock's cb. c by imp. St. Elaise-Uuenn. At post 23
minutes. Time, 8:48.
•Coupled with Bellring»r. **Coupl"d with Contentment.
Ziil FOURTH KACt; special; Jive furlongs.
naex. I Horse, age, weight. St. 14 i/g
(690) George Miller, 6.. 113 1 1 11
690 Mobolasca, 3 37 3 4
«90 Derfargilla, a 107 2 3 2
690 Pat Murphy, 4.... 92 4| 2Vt
% j Btr. Fin. Jockeys.
1 i/» 12 llJ'2'Coady
3h 8 2 2 3 Garner
22 2Vi 3 1 Lamle
4 4 4 Reldy
Betting.
Op. Cl.
5-2
2
1
30
2
5-2
6-5
10
Poor r.art. Won easily. Winner, W. h. Btanfleld's b. g., by LoWn-fcmma. Time, 1:01%.
702 FIFTH BACK— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up: purse $iOO.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. 14
(603) Sea Spray, 4 98 ~4~ 1 1/2
688 1-ortuna, 6 101 2 4 V' a
882 Hermann*, 4 100 6 6Va
672 Mollie 4. »4 » 2 »
664 Hyl)y,» 99 7 7U
Hfls Pecksniff, 6 108 1 3h
646 Kitty 1-, 4 91 8 H«
j.^llso, 6 101 6 I 6 6
Betting,
jp. Cl.
1 1
06
4 ti
2 V 2
7h
g%
6 h
1 1
4 '2
5 1
% 1
7 2
: . h
8
62
1 2
4 1
5 4
66
7
11
,• 2 h
3 V,
4 3
5 10
83
7 8
8
E. Jones
toady
H. Martin
Garner
McClain..:
Bergen....
Hewitt.:........
Macklin. ..:..•..'.
6 3
8 10
6 >2
6-2 6-2
4 . 7-2
6 6
30 60
12 10
Good start. Won handily. Winner, P.
pate used. Tim*, 1 :^9 ; 2 .
b. g.,
Imp. Marlner-ilaraneito.
/7AO SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
; purse $-100.
Index. 1
676 Olive. 4....... 91 6
685 Foremost, 4 96' 4
(688) Sehriltz. 4..... 99 3
69' i Babe Murphy, .4... t»« 2
659 Chartreuse 11, 6... 97 1
; Horse, age, w(-,ght.
1 si.
v
2 3
31
5
&
Va j •>*■ Btr. I ' !n - { Jockeys.
| !
39 1 11 11 12 ' 0arner......;...
: 4 a »M» 2Va * -2n I'iggo't.
31/2 4Vi 8 U 3 2 R. J0ne5........
5 5 6 •-. 4y 3 C0cbraa.. .....:.
lh a i/i 4% 5 I Lame....:.....:
C-5 8-5
15 16
15 20
11-5 2
11-5 2
Good stare (Starting gate used. W
i:28%.- : -,;■..;■:•
'< 1 >ii easily. Winner, E
i. Corrigan'«b. f.. by Apaclie-
Time,
half at the wire from Foremost, at 20 to 1
in the rine. The second choice, Babe
Murphy, was unplaced.
Track and Paddock Items.
Garner was exonerated from blame by
the judges in the Lizzie H matter.
St. Brandon puiled up lame after the
hurdle race.
A gentlemen's race at a mile is on the
tapis for one day next week at lngleside.
Among the riders expected to sport silk is
Prince Luigi of Savoy. The following
well-known horsemen will also have the
leg ut>: G. Bacot, G. Wright, J. F. Archi
bald, W. B. Whittier, R. M. Tobin, Walter
Hobart and Lieutenants Benson and
Bmedberg, U. S. A. Thomas Francis
Meagher, the genial promoter of sports,
has affair in charge.
WEAVER AGAIN.
The Board of Health Making Another
Investigation of the Superintend
ent of the Aluiihouge.
For the past week the Board of Heath
has been holding a secret invebtigation of
P. L. Weaver, superintendent of the Alms
house. He is charged with sins of commis
sion and sins of omission of a serious
nature. The matter is being vigorously
pressed by Drs. Hart, Morse and Fitzgib
bon, the three Democratic members of the
board, who would like to see Ed Ready,
Governor Budd's choice for the superin
tendency of the Almshouae, occupying the
place now filled by Mr. Weaver.
Dr. Williamson supports Mr. Weaver,
who is a Republican. Already Mr. Weaver
has been questioned. He denies all the
The Whaling Bark Gayhead, "Which Captain Foley Says Will Make as Good a Catch as Any Vesse
That Goes North This Year.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
charees of his enemies. Those who have
testified against him so far are Charley H.
Lane, present laundry man; Dr. William E.
Conlan, resident physician; Colonel F. B.
McClung, clerK; P. F. Kearney, cook; R.
P. Julian, head tanner ana assistant super
intendent; Jeremiah Caddy, ambulance
driver; John Boylt. former clerk, and Dr.
E.L. Parramore, former resident physician.
There are many more witnesses to be
heard. Dr. Williamson wants to hear Mr.
Weaver s rebuttal testimony before bring
ing in a decision.
The charges are of a most sweeping and
positive nature. They range from neglect
ing to oversee the building to the levying
of an assessment on the employes* for
political purposes and holding back money
from the Public Administrator, till a nurse
with a grievance makes the matter public
two years and rive months after the mans
death.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1596.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Three " Wind -Jammers" Being
Fitted Out for a Cruise
to the Arctic.
WHICH WILL BE THE WINNER?
Captain Foley of the Gayhead Expects
to Equal the Best Steamer
Catch.
Captain Charles H. Foley, who goes out
in command of the whaler Gayhead, has
received the best "lay" of any officer who
has yet shipped for the next cruise to the
Arctic. He is one of tne best-known
masters on the water front, and during
the last cruise of the old Bounding Billow
he took eleven wbaies and thus established
a record for a "wind-jammer." Since then
he has on several occasions been offered
the command of a steam whaler, but he
has invariably refused on the ground that
his luck was better in a sailing vessel.
"I will take my wife and boy with me,"
1 said Captain Poley yesterday. "The lad is
I now 8 years old, and, ns his mother is
; going to keep school aboard every day, he
j will not lose anything in the shape of edu
i cation. Before our trip to the Arctic is
j completed I think the boy will know as
i much about whaling as I do. From San
j Francisco we will go to Kodiak, and from
i there to Bristol Bay. At the latter point
we will take in our new supply of stores,
and then we will not be heard from again
I except by an occasional letter, an we will
! remain in the ice for two years. When
1 the Gayhead returns to San Francisco in
1898, I think you will find that I have
made a better catch than I did on the
: Bounding Billow."
The whaling brig Hidalgo has changed
j hands. Captain Louis • Williams, her
owner ha? sold an interest in the vessel,
and Captain C. F. Gifford will go out in
command. Captain Gifford is now the
principal owner, and intends taking the
vessel direct to the Arctic in search of
bow heads. Incidentally he will do con
siderable trading. Like Captain Foley,
Captain Gifford has been remurkably suc
cessful, and expects to do well in his new
venture.
The whaler Emma F. Herriman has also
changed hands. Captain C. J. Jorgenson
has purchased ncr from John Magee Jr.,
and she will at once be placed !n commis
sion. All three vessels will go out at
about the same time, and as all are "wind
jammers" there is considerable excitement
along the front as to which will make the
best catch.
The steamer Gaeilic sailed for the Orient
yesterday. Wong Say Yun«, one of the
women whom See Gee attempted to land,
was returned, and sailed for Hongkong on
the steamer. The otlaer passengers were:
For Yokohama— Dr. George L. Tait, Mrs.
George L. Tait, L. <J. Putnam, Henry Portal,
Pierre Roussillier, Francis B. Peabody, Augus
tus F. Peabouy, Edwin P. Bradbury, (ioro
Mori. For Shanghai— Mr. Feiudel (Kaiser
licher Konsul), Dr. Lucy H. Hoag, Mis* Laura
A. Ilaygood, Miss Millie Munroe. For Hong
kong—K. J. Bates, E. K. Vail, Key. Lewis
Quick, Captain Felipe S. Meza.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
Bertha arrived from Alaska yesterday.
Captain Hayes is almost a cripple, as he
fell and sprained both his ankles at Una
laska. Among the passengers were a crew
of disheartened miners, who have very
little to say about the result of their labors
on the Yukon. The severity of the cli
mate, they say, was the cause of all their
trouble. The gold was there all right, but
the ice and snow made work almost im
possible. The Bertha brought a very large
shipment of gold dust, consigned to Louis
Sloss & Co.
There was trouble at Broadway wharf
when the steamer City of PuebJa was dock
ing yesterday. The law .says that runners
shall not approach within ten feet of the
edge of a <vharf at which a vessel is dock
ing, and the men overstepped the bounas.
In consequence, John Buckley, A. R. Da
ley, T. W. Brooks and Thomas Whalen
were arrested by Sergeant Fitzsribbon and
charged at the Harbor police station. The
fitiht is a continuation of the old one be
tween the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany and the runners employed by Mor
ton's Special Delivery. On this occasion
it appears as though the runners would get
the worst of it.
RE-REGISTRATION OF VOTERS.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald Has Ren
dered an Important Opinion.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald has ren
dered an important opinion relative to reg
istration in the counties. It was given in
response to a letter of inquiry from the
District Attorney of Butte County, who
wanted to know if it would be necessary
for the voters to re-register before the next
election, or if a supplemental register
would meet the requirements of the law.
Many such letters have recently baen re
ceived by the Attorney-General.
The latter is of the opinion that owing to
certain important changes in the registra
tion laws of the State made by the lust
Legislature it will be necessary for the
Board of Supervisors throughout the State
to order a re-registration of the voters in
the several counties and that a sup
plemental register will not meet the re
quirements of the law.
The changes mentioned refer to the iden
tification of voters and the marking of bal
lots by those who cannot read or write, or
who are unable to mark their ballots by
reason of physical inrirmities.
The present law in this respect differs
from the old one in stating that the voters
thus afflicted must have that fact appear
on tue register. Formerly this was not
necessary and the afflicted voter could
have his ballot marked by one of the judges
of election.
The law provides that in all counties ex
cepting the City and County of San Fran
cisco Boards of Supervisors may order a
re-registration before a general election.
In San Francisco this must be done. On
account of the amendments and changes
Mr. Fitzgerald believes that re-registra
tion is now necessary in all the counties.
WHERE BREAD IS MADE.
The Labor Commissioner Has Exam
ined Many Very Filthy
Bakeries.
Shortly after Labor Commissioner Fitz
gerald entered upon the duties of his office
he made an investigation of the bakeshops
and bakeries of this City, with a view of
learning of the condition of those who la
bored therein. In order to effect his pur
pose he was obliged to iook into the sani
tary conditions. Many were found to be
as neat as a pin, but they were principally
the larger institutions. The small baker
ies, as a rule, were simply shocking. Kan
cid grease, aged eggs and decayed fruit, all
too foul to be used, were in many places
I piled in barrels in close proximity to the
materials being made into articles of food.
The air in many of these places was so
! foul as to be an actual menace to the
j health of those employed. In not a few
I places the workmen were obliged to sleep
on the premises, in which, as a rule, sani
tary plumbing was unknown. A number
! of the operatives themselves were not in
I good health, as evidenced from the appear
ance of their cuticle.
The orieinal reports of these places,
! which were presented by the comrnission
i ers' field deputies, would have caused
| almost all consumers of bread and pastry
to have made their own or gone without. *
However, those reports were never
made public; but from what can be
learned the adverse reports referred to
the majority of the bakeries in this City.
The Labor Commissioiifir warned the man
agers of those places to put their premises
in order, but whether the bakers have
done so or not is not learned.
The Commissioner proposes to issue a
card, or certificate, to all who have com
plied with the sanitary laws, in order that
the public may be informed of the char
acter of the places where they purchase
their bread and similar food.
FOR THE RESERVE.
The Old Monitor Coiuanche Detailed
for the Use of the Naval
Battalion.
Governor Budd last night received a
piece of news from the Navy Department
which will be glad tidings for the Naval
Reserve of California. It is no less than
the notification that the old monitor Co
manche, now lying at Mare Island, would
be turned ovdr to the State authorities at
the requisition of the Governor.
This old vessel which haa been in the
stream off the navy-yard for many years,
is a stanch craft, and if two modern rifles
are nut in her turret in place of the old
15-inch smoothbores she will be a
useful practice monitor for the Naval
Battalion. She has five inches of armor
belt and her turret is ten inches in thick
ness, and she is no mean craft in a right.
Her length is 200 feet, with forty-rive leet
beam, and she draws eleven feet of water.
The engines are in good condition, and
will drive her six knots an hour.
MONOWAI ARRIVES.
The Oceanic Steamship From Australia,
New Zealand, Apia and Honolulu
si".;.* Into Fort This Morning.
At 1 o'clock this morning the lookout at
Point Lobos reported that the Oceanic
steamship Monowai was passing in the
Golden Gate.
The big steamship comes from Austra
lia, New Zealand, Apia and Honolulu.
She is in command of Captain Carey. She
was due at 10 o'clock Thursday, but no
alarm was felt as to her belated appear
ance, as it was shrewdly believed that she
had encountered head winds in her pas
sage %;ross the Pacific.
Berkeley Surprise Party.
One of the pleasant events of the week was a
surprise party given to Mr. and Mrs. M. Mc-
Donald of Berkeley by Neil Lindsay, the popu
lar Scotch piper, and a number of friendß of
San Francisco. Dancing and singing were the
order of the evening. Among those present
besides the host and hoatuss and their daugh
ters we™ the Misses McLeilan, Miss Sydney,
Mr. and Mrs. Carnie, Mr. and Mrs. Grant, Mr.
and Mrs. M. Ferguson, Mrs. M. Neil, Mrs. Mc-
Lfillan and Messrs. Neii Lindsay, D. McLellan,
Beaton and McDonald.
Miss Cullen Removes.
Miss Cullen, tha well-known employment
agent, lor the past five years doing business at
105 Stockton street, hns been compelled on
account of the increase in her business, to re
move her office to more commodious quarters.
She cau hereafter be found at 323 Sutter street,
first floor, where she will be pleased to see all
her old customers.
GEORGE RAPHAEL RETURNS
Back From New York With All
Sorts of Interesting
News.
OPPOSED TO THE FUNDING BILL.
Eastern People Are for McKinley and
Would Like Also to See Collis
Put Up.
George Raphael of the firm of Raphael
Brothers has just returned from a four
weeks' business trip to New York. He
was seen at his residence last night by a
representative of The Call, and seemed
to be extremely glad to get back.
"When the train came over the moun
tains and I saw California just beginning
to come into the spring mouths, I felt that
I was passing once again into the land of
sunshine," said Mr. Raphael. "When i
came through Ohio a frightful blizzard
was blowing, and it made me appreciate
the comforts of California weather all the
more.
"From a business standpoint, however,
the East is brightening up a little, not
withstanding the fact that they have had
a good many more failures there than we
have had here. To a certain extent trade
is slow, but not so weak as it has been.
One thing I noticed particularly, and that
was the strength of the mining business.
It seems to be steadily improving, and
Eastern capital is ready to invest in Cali
fornia gold-raining. The moneyed men
of New York want such investments, and
are reaching out In all directions for them.
"Yes, the bond issue was looked upon'as
a dubious proceeding, as it was feared
that they could not be disposed of, but
Morgan seemed to be ready to "gatner the
bonds in. There is a pretty good feeling
East for Californians and they are wel
comed very warmly. New Yorkers are
beginning to recognize San Francisco and
this coast as a very considerable part of
ihe United States, and the old method of
looking upon California people as wild
and woolly children of the West is a thing
of the past. There are a great many
Western people in New York, and they
are pretty generally successful.
"You would be surprised to hear how
very seriously the funding bill is consid
ered in the Eastern States. It is a constant
theme of conversation on railroad trains
and at places where people from all the
Union are likely to congregate, and not
one man in a hundred is friendly to the
measure. The general impression is that
Huntington has had about enough of the
blood of the West, and it is hoped that the
Union Pacific and the Central Pacific will
pass into the hands of the Government.
I learned shortly after my arrival that I
had been quoted in the Washington Post
as being very friendly to the funding bill
and had expressed the Delief that its
passage would be the best way out of the
difficulty. I want it distinctly understood
that I am opposed to it in any conceivable
form and tnat I would give most anything
to see Huntington brought up to the issue
and made to pay his debts to the Govern
ment.
"The Presidential boom is all for Mc-
Kinley. Even in New York, which ouaht
to be a Morton State, I found that the
name of MeKinley was on everybody's
lips. Reed is not discussed favorably to
any great extent, nor is Allison. So far
as the Democratic party is concerned, 1
was unable to find anybody who wanted
to talk of it at all. There is a very large
disgust on in the East over the antics of
Cleveland, and MeKinley is looked upon
as the logical candidate for the Repub
lican party and the most available man to
lead the campaign.
"War talk is never heard and seems to
be confined solely to a few alarmists who
are ready to howl at a moment's notice.
Business men generally consider war a
bad thing, and it rinds no place in the con
versation of Easterners."
HONOR TO ADAM SMITH.
A Handsome Bronze Bunt of Him Pre
sented to the Red Men.
The bronze heroic-sized bust of Adam
Smith, the founder in this State of the
Improved Order of Red Men. was unveiled
and formally presented to the Grand
Lodge of that order last night in Red
Men's Hall at 320 Post street.
A. Andrews, the great prophet, deliv
ered the invocation, following which there
was an ode by a male quartet. C. F.
Burgman, grand chief of records, read the
report of the memorial committee, and
Benjamin F. Josselyn, past grand sachem,
made an address formally delivering the
bust to the great sachem, A. Jackson, who
unveiled the handsome piece of sculpture,
which was draped with a garland of flow
ers, and presented it to the order. There
was next a "song of exaltation" by a
quartet, and then Davis Louderback de
livered an eloquent eulogy on the man
whose memory the order delights to honor.
The bust is the product of Rupert
Schmid. and will be placed in the vestibule
of the Red Men's building on Post street.
Masked Ball of the (.rut 1 i Vorein.
Saratoga Hall was the scene la3t night of the
twenty-second annual masquerade ball given
by the San Francisco GrutJi Verein. There was
ii Rood attendance, the music was excellent
and the costume of the participants varied aud
pleasing.
NEW TO-DAT.
FOB
Look Out for the Grip!
All the Weather Conditions
Favor the Disease.;
Look out for the Grip. The weather
conditions preceding an attack of the Grip
have invariably been the present conditions
: and the thing to do is to be on the safe
eide. Be careful arid don't catch cold. If
you do catch cold take care of it at once. -
-: -■• - GRIP SYMPTOMS.
! Sense of Illness, Pain or Soreness in the
: Head, Back, Chest, Side or Limbs; or
Cough, Sore Throat, % Catarrh, Influenza,
Profuse Flowing from - the N ose or Eyes,
Itching, and Redness of the Eyelids, Gen-
eral Prostration and Fever. I Sometimes
one and again another symptom is more
prominent. The appetite is impaired and
the nervous system unstrung, depressed
and run down. ,
; - "77" ioeets the epidemic condition and
is the .cure for all its manifestations.
Taken early, cuts it short promptly. ! ■
| **77" breaks np a Cold that hangs on.
: Small bottles of pleasant pellets— fit your vest
poclietS'Sold'by iClrußßistaor sent on receipt of
urice, 25c: or fire {or 91.00. Humphreys' Medicine
Co.i 11l *n* 113 Williftm street, New York. :
__ ■ KEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
SPRING OPENING!
ADVANCE STYLES !
New Printed Dimities !
New Percales, American and Foreign !
New Organdies ! New Scotch Madras !
Silk Striped Ginghams !
Printed Piques ! Printed Lenos! Etc., Etc.
SPECIALS IN HOUSE-FURNISHINGS!
J&Jt d 4.90 a Pair.
150 pairs FINE MISSION WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, extra size and weight, soma
slightly imperfect value for $7 50.
j&-t 5J522.03 a 3F»«,ir.
Two lots 10-4 BLANKETS— one lot in silver gray, the other lot white— almost all wool;
that were $3 50 a pair.
-A-t 18/3 Cexits a Yard.
10-4 BLEACHED SHEETING, full width, undressed and line standard. (Will not b«
told by the entire piece.)
-A-t "7\i Coxxtsi *». "y«,x-ci.. " ; ; > i
Two cases VERY HEAVY UNBLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL (the 12Uc grade,
6lightly soiled from water).
-A.t B'/a Cents a "yard.. .
The HEAVY ENGLISH FLANNELETTES, in a grand line of colorings that were 10c.
JZ&.* 83. 00 et, Pair.
One line HEAVY CHENILLE PORTIERES, 44 inches wide, good grade chenille,
deep dadoes; were $4. »
.A.t 6S Cents a. Pair.
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, good grade, 3 yards long and 36 inches wide; reduced
from $1.
.A.t 32.00 a DF»air.
BAY-WINDOW WIDTH NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, 4 yards long and 60 inches
wide; reduced from $3.
-A.t ,45 Centara' Yard.
CLOSELY WOVEN FULL BLEACH IRISH TABLE LINEN, pure flax, 56 inches
wide; reduced from 60c.
jSl.± OS Cents a Yardl.
SMALL LOT HEAVY BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 6S inches wide; was $110.
j£±.t 61.35 a Sosson.
200 dozen GOOD BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS, size 18x36 inches, neat borders
closely woven; were $1 60. '
-A-t io Cents "Y"ax"<i.
200 pieces 36-INCH PERCALES, choice styles; value tor 12>£c.
iLt SS.SO £!aoh.
GOOD INGRAIN UNION ART SQUARE CARPETS, new colorings— 6x9 feet
$2 50 each ; 7,V 'x9 feet, $3 25 each ; 9x9 feet, $3 75 each ; 9xlO>£ feet, $4 50 each : 9x12
feet, $5 each, and &xlB% feet, $5 75 each— worth double.
Sxr*3EiCI.A.T iffat !■ ■ .
Two cases HEAVY YARD-WIDE UNBLEACHED MUSLIN at 5c a yard.
About 200 dozen Broken Lots of BLEACHED AND UNBLEACHED TURKISH
TOWELS, medium and fine grades, at almost half price.
fil flfiKS fiNfl SHITS I We a<re closin £ out the balance of our gigantic purchase of
ULIMIVO HHU OUild I Cloaks and Suits at STUPENDOUS REDUCTIONS prepar-
atory to the arrival of new goods.
Jr M tffl^^^ MURPHY BUZLDZNG^ /
if if Kbi Street, corner it Janet/
CATARRH -I*9B. RAMBLERS
local'cTisease li^4M baSI!
and is the resuit of colds wU C/,i;rcCCLDH
and sudden climatic PiwVl
changes. WHWVJts i o>3 u/^M
It can be cured by a pleasp.nt fc^ " Wsj^M
remedy which is applied <li- jgSfS *■• <o.s? jfiw
rectly into tbe nostrils. Be- 93? jr 'y SG
iii^ qu'o'-cly absorbed it gives gß?jg\ J--^K®
relief at once. Ss^^^sS&&&
K EimRE.IH BILI JPn^SI
Is acknowledged to be the most thorough cure for
Nasal Catarrh, Cold in Head and Hay Fever of aU
remedies. It opens and cleanses tne nasal passages,
allays pain ami inliamnmlon. heals the sores, pro.
tects tlie membrane lrou» colds, restores the senses
of taste and smell. Price 50c. at Druggists or by
mail.
ELY BBOTHERS, 56 Warren street, New York.
Genera! and Nervous Debility.
/X^f. Weakness of Body and
/7g«»Nk Mind, Effects of Errors
V^iWSSk or Excesses in Old or
JtKi-J^a «3 Youufr. Robust, Noble
CnS^Wv Manhood ful iy Restored.
f£ GmT/^" > «^ How to Enlarge and
HLja Kf S\ Strengthen Weak, Un-
JU#w\tr'*^slaa developed Portions of
Ksa,'A ftHff^Sivv Body. Absolutely nn-
T%£)<>Wy>*>?k i V\i failing Home Treatment.
' /fXvllJriTV IUIIS —Benefits in a day.
Men testily from 50 States and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proois, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
... ■ .
■ ■ ■
/ Plate
Not necessary in WAVERLEY hir '
ciimbing. Why? Most rigid fram^
perfect alignment, accurate bear-
ings, saddle properly constructed
and placed.
CATALoauc free. Men't, $85 ....
agents wanted. Ladies', »75 and $85
Indiana Bieyele Co.,
J. S. CONWELL, Manager,
18 and 20 McAllister Street, S. F,
ALL UTHEWOFW^^S?^FGR TWO YEARS.
A.L.BANCROFT &CU. POST ST.3.F.
MACKMEIER'S HOTEL. 123-129 EDDY ST..
HAS (/HANGED HANDS, ANUJS NOW l.\.
der new inmiiigpment. Firsi-class in all ap-
pointments,' with second-cla js prices. Roow and
board $1 a day and up; rooms without- board 5Qc a
day and up. Special rates by week or month. Meals
25c. Jrree bus 10 and from Hotel. : -
h GKOKGiS GKI'KMG, Proprietor. •
HAVE ARRIVED.
1895 Models Will be Sold for
555.00.
COME WHILE THEY LAST.
1896 Ramblers $100.00
1895 Ramblers....... 85.00
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market st., S. F.
427 S. Spring st.. Los Angeles.
DAYTON
BICYCLES
*nd TANDEriS
t
WON THE ADMIRATION OF THE THOU-
SANDS OF RIDERS AT THE NEW YORK
CYCLE SHOW. YOU'LL NOT WONDER
WHY WHEN OU SEE THEM.
-
We also have a few 1895 M AJESTICS, which are
being closed out for »65— 510 cash, $10 per month.
GEO. A. BILLS & BRO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
1632 JMLj&.XI.XXLJST' ST.,
ST. NICHOLAS HOTEL BUILDING.
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cure* Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Bruises,
Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swellings.
IT STOPS ALL FAIN.
ALL DRUGGISTS BELL IT.
50 CENTS AND 81 A BOTTLE.
Kk^wl These tiny Capsules are superior
|j\^to Balaam of Copaiba, /■*"^S
IJ\ 1 Cubeb3 and Injections. 7#[jJJ|j
\Ms 1 Tll °y cure m liours the V^y
■|J^^lsame diseases "without anyinoon-
Yenienc<v SOLD BY DRUGGISTS
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodlslao and specific tonic for tlia
•exual and urinary organs of "both sexes, and »
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervln*.
shells on Its own Merits— no long-wluded testi-
monials necessary.
NABlili, ALFB & JBRVKK, Agents,
328 Market St., S. F.-(^end for Circular.)
CCDSSJWCOI'OJjX'r-A.JNr,
Opposite 17. 9, Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
; IranciHCo, Cal.— most select family hotel in
the city. ' Board and room. $1, $1 23 nnl $1 50 per
' clay, according to room. Meals 25c. Kooms, 50c
and 760 a day. Free coach to and from tbe hoiel.
Loolc for the coach bearing the name of tho Co*.
, mopoiitan Hotel. WM. i'AHEY, Proprietor.
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALI."
BUSINESS OFFICEof tbeSaa FranciscoCaii
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc>W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until P o'clock.
lltt Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
11)1 II NOTICES.
mrac first church of christ, sclei£
j£^& list— Services at 11 a. m. 111 Beethoven Hall,
SS6 Post Bt., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, International Series. Subject: "Healing
the Sick. Absently, and Raising the Dead." All j
are welcome.
BK-s=» ril'.sr UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
fcfc^*? ner Ueary an<l Franklin sts.— Rev. floratio
Stebbins, D.D., minis. er; William G. Eliot Jr., j
assooiaie. at the church Mondays from 10 to 12. (
Sunday-school al f1:45 ,\. M. s. rvices at 11 a. m. j
and 7:SO p. M. Bible-class, led by Rev. Samnel .
Slocombe. at 9:45 a. m. All are cordially iuvited.
r» SECOND I Ni I'Ai; 1 CHURCH. COR- ,
Vtt~£f ncr of Twentieth and Capii sta.— A. J. |
Wells, minister. sermon by Mr. Wells al 11a. m.;
at 7:45 a lecture on evolmlon; special subject, |
'•The Evolution of the soul." At G:45 the pastor's |
Bible study. Sunday-SCbOOI at - 4-">. All sents
free. Pastor's residence. 20 Liberty st.
S^"CAIA' r ARY I'RESBY lERI AN CHURCH,
I*2^ corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev.
John HeniphUl, D.D.. pastor, will preach at 11
A. m. and deliver lecture at 7:30 I*. M.: topic
"Self-respect Commands the Respect of others."
Evening mqsic: "Te Deum" (Schnecker); oller-
lory, -iiark, Hark, My Sonl" (by Shelley). Even-
-1.11 /music: "Jubilate Deo." In D (Gerrish): offer- I
:ory, "In Dreams I Heard the Seraphim" (by ,
Faure). All are cordially Invited. ■■^■~,
[J^^» TRINITY CHURCH, CUR. BUSH AND
%*<& Gough sts.— Rev. Georste Edward Walk,
rector. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Morning ]
prayer mid "sermon at 11 o'clock. Evening
praYer and sermon at 7:30. Holy <om-
manlon on the first and third Sundays of the
month, and on holy days at 11 a. m. All wel-
come.
mZSB* FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH. EDDY ST..
tir-zS near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. February 16.1896. Preaching |
nt 11 a. v. by Rev. .1. George Gibson, Emmanuel 1
Uaptisi Church, and at 7:30 p.m. by the pastor;
topic, "A Servants Crime." Baptesmal evening
service. Suiiflay-school at 12:30 p.m. Y. P. S.
of C. E. at 6:30 p. m. Young Men's meeting Tues-
day evening al 8 o'clock. Prayer meeting Wednes-
day at 7:45 r. m. Christian culture class each
Friday at 8 p. m. All these services are open to
the public. Strangers are welcome.
ars= nits r congregational church,
&-»^ corner Post and Mason Sts.— C, O.
Brown, D.D., p:'.s:or. Profeittor R. R -Lloyd will
preach In Hie morning at 11 o'clock and in the
evening at 7:30 o'clock, bunday-school at 12:45.,
1. 11. Morse superintendent. Y. I. of C. E. at
6:30 p. m.
KS» PL V MOUI H CONGREGATION A L
B--o Church, Post st.. between Buchanan and
Webster— Rev. W. D. Williams, D.D., pastor.
Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Suhday-
pchools ''::io a. m. and 12:30 r. m. Professof
Lloyd's Bible CIaSS at 12:30 p. m. Junior En-
deavor. 4 p. m. Christian Endeavor 6:80 P. m.
Al .7:30 p.m. anniversary service of the Young
Women's Christian Association, with address,
"Woman Under the Ethnic Religious" vs. the
proverb, ■ !ar Above Rubles." There will also be
a report of this non-sectarian, undenominational
institution.
C^S=» THIRD CONGREGATIONALCHURCh,
Bt^S' Fifteenth s;.. near Mission— Rev. William
Rader. pastor. Services at 11 a. m.; subji-ct,
"Jehovah— Jirea." Services at 7:30 p. m.: subject,
"Henry Ward Beecher and Phillips Brooks" (a com- I
Sarison). The last in series of Gospel portraits.
Music by chorus choir under direction of William
C stadtfeUi. All are cordia ly Invited.
jrZip' FIRST . ENGLISH; LUTHERAN I
l»-*^ Church, on Geary st., nr. Gough— Rev. Oscar 1
H. Gruver. pastor. Services Sunday at 11 |
a. m. and 7:45 p. m.; Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. : 1
prayer-meeting Wednesday at 7:45 p. M. All are ;
welcome. ;seaiß free. -
|prg= THEOSOPIIICAL 81 >• 1 I.TV — FREE
G»-^ public c ure every Sunday evenino: at 320
Post st., 7:45 o'clock. To-night: ••The Purpose
of Life." by E. P. Jones.
jF3s^ ~" FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
&-C7 (Swedenbcrgian), O'Farrell st., bet. Webster
and Fillmore— Rev. F. L. Higgi ns, minister.
Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Sermon 11 a.m.;
te\t, "These things have I spoken unto you
thut ye should not be made to stumble." John
xvi. Sunday evening reading at 7:45 in reading-
room. All invited. .*>eats free.
fS^S CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LAT-
w-s5» ter-day Saints at 909 Market St.— Services
at 2 a' d 7:45 o'clock p. m. Elder Henry s. 1 aimer
speaks at evening rvice; subject, "Daniel's Vision
of the Four Great Beasts" (shewing h,s;orical ful-
fillment). Come and hear. No collections.
ftqS "JESUS CHRIST WAS N < IT D ! V INeT"
t**& Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, cor.
Capp and Twenty-first sts.— M. F. Colburn,
pasior. Preaching by the pastor at 11a. m.. and
, :30 p.m. Morning subject, "Jesus Christ Was
Not Divine."
Brr%= R E A NTZED CHI'RCH OF JESUS
l-»>-* 7 Christ cf Latter-day Saints, 320 Post St.—
Preaching 11 a. K. and 7:30 p. m. by J. C. Clapp.
All welcome. "The Ancient aith."
"~ mmm^*T^^~^ I
SINIJAY MKKTI.NCS.
Jfrg= DR. ROBBINS LECTURES TO-NIGHT
tt>» on "Why the Spirits of the Dead Seldom
Appear to the Living": convincing tests by Mrs.
Hovet and Mrs. Wrenn: the sick healed; me-
diums developed and written questions answered
by spirit-power; magnetized paper and circle tick-
ets free. Washington Hall, 35^2 Eddy, 8 P. m.;
admission free.
tt^g- LIBERALS AND FREETHINKERS—
t*** 7 Dr. York, the noted liberal orator, will reply
to Bishop Riordan's and Father Wyman's lectures
of the past week on the foundation of the Catholic
faith this evening at 8 o'clock sharp, at Scottish
Hall, 10,"> Larkin st. Don't miss a rare treat.
Come early to secure seats.
«tT]s= THE SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE
i-fr*-^ Spiritualists will meet at Golden Gate Hall
in Sutter St., bet. Mason and Taylor, on Sunday,
February 16, at 7:30 p. m. speaker J. Clegg
Wright. Subject, "The Influence of Scientific Dis-
covery on the Development of Modern ReliKious
Thought." Music by the Misses Lillian and Emily
Coleman. Admission free.
Br^ CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL SOCIETY—
ct ~- c ' J. J. Morse will lecture at National ' Hall,
Ellis St.. between Polk nnd Van Ness aye., this
evening at 7:45. Subject: "The Evolution of a
soul — Its Eclipse," being the third of a series of
four lectures. .Seats reserved for members. Ad-
mission free.
Bt^S 3 AT 997 MARKET ST.- FIRST PRO-
i*r t ' gressive Spiritual Church." 11 a. m.,
developing circle; 2 p. m., tests, Mrs. Dunham
Renne, Professor Minco: 7:30 p. m., spiritual
meeting, Mrs. Tobias, Favre, Renne, Henderson
Drs. Wood and Wornon, Professor Blckford, others.
»^g=> THE PSYCHICAL SOCIETY OF OAK-
l*^*^ land will meet as usual at Fraternal Hall
Washington St., at sp. m. Speaker, Mr. J. A-lams.
Subject, "Pilate's Question to the Nazarene."
Madame Montague will resume her- lectures next
tMinday.
C£^g= AT DR. rTn-ES SPIRITUAL MEET-
&-*' ing, 909 Market St., 2 and 8 p. m., circle and
platform tests. Mmes. Seeley, Bird, Henderson.
Office 1236 Market; hours 10 to 8: circle Tuesday
and Friday 8 p. M.
C^rS=> W. J. COLVILLE LEC l UKES IN HaM-
***** llton Hall, Thirteenth and Jefferson sts .
Oakland, SUNDAY, 3 P. m. Subject, "a Prophetic
Outlook for the American People and the Europe-
an Nations." .
Vtsz?> GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING, MET-
•*-" ropolitan Temple, Sunday, February 16,
.-i P. M.: addre.?s by B. I". Rndelson, S:aie president
A. P. A.. G. C. I.odeeand Rev. W. R. Goodwin.
XS 1 , THE STAR MEDIUM'S TEST MEET-
»-»' ing tonight. 110 Hayes: Dr. Muehlenbruch,
Professor Clark, Mrs. Drew. Dr. Sutherland, Sol-
vert. Mollie Marhue. Mrs. Muehlenbruch: 10c. -
O!r^3pv THE REFORMERS' LEAGUE MEETS
i*- 1^ every Sunday night at 7:45 o'clock in the
Alcazar buildlns:. 118 O'Farrell street. Subject,
"Development of the spjri:."
7Z5?r- MRS. SHRINER AND SEAL HOLD
i*-*" spiritual meeting to-night: reliable, positive
messages from your departed. 11l Larkin. 10c.
jprg?' C. v. M I LL It, XT Elt I A LI Z I N GM A-
»- 0 ' terializlng seance to-night at 8 o'clock at
635 Post st. 50c.
fCj»» TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 10c MME.
•*^ YOUNG, 605 McAllister s'.; skeptics in-
vited. ' .
B^=- TO-NIGHT- KATIE HEUSSM ANN'S
i**^ test meeting. 793 Stevenson, off 9th;ioc:*l.
tPS' MRB. FULTON, MATERIALIZING
»-*"' seance to-night: sittings dally. 31 Fell st.
|KjS» MRS. MAYO STEERS, TRANCE AND
p-y bus, medium : readings daily. 101 Grove st.
KOTICK *>V iIEETiNtiS.
|£^S= TO THE MEMBERS O F iMMIMTI
»-*^ California I.odj;'; No. 1, I. O. O.^3»2««sts:
F.— All are earnestly requested to be S§SQ!?S??
present on MuMuY EVENING, <^7!i\v^
.Feb. 17, 1896, to amend by-laws.
' _ _ WILLIAM C. RILEY, N.G.
G. W. Daywai.t. Sec.
j^^p OFFICERS AM. MEMBERS —
C*--^ of r*r... r 1,,...- No. 124. 1. O. .- j&SK&r
O. F., are hereby no:llied to meet iri =y|S^BC^=
their lodgeroom TO-DAY (Sunday), <^/t\\^ : -
-' SSJ; 1 !?: *Ll2'£ O< £j- **•• t0 atlend lhe funeral of
J. L. GEARY JR., Noble Grand.
jt^=» AN ADJOURNED MEETING ft^fIa&T
&--C of the St. Patrick's day convention TW
will be held THIS AFTERNOON at 2 \ J
o'clocn at K. K. B. Hall, si., cor. O'l-'arrelle^%Jßa
and Mason I sts.' All societies which havi-'j-^Sf
not as yet sent delegates are requesied to do »o.
THOMAS. R. BANNERMAN, President.
Pktkk J.;McCormick,' Sec.
bEss= S. F. F. D.-THE REGULAR^^^jr^T*
Bb^*^ fuin-ral detail of thin I'eiiarlmeut JjfSflfcjak
will assemble at Truck Company 1 TO- sij \tfj
DAY (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. ji., for, the purpose
cf attending the. funeral of the late SAMUEL
GARDNER. By order
P. T. SULLIVAN, Chief of Department.
wzap s.r. *■. D.— THE REGULAR .oa-j.
a^iy fuinral deatil of this Dp|iannieut'^^ T\
will essemble at Engine Company 19 at E3^\9 ■
1 o'clock p. m.. MONDAY, February 17, 1896, for
the purpose of attending the tunerni of the late
CHARLES H. WATSON, late member of the De-
Vtrtmcnt. Byorner
D. T. SULLIVAN, Chief of Department.
MEETING. NOTICES-Continued.
fjC^eF^COUKT DIA.N A NO. 1133 TSfTn^ji^^
ln^S* dependent Order of Foresters meets T^P
in Myrtle Hail, in the Alcar.ar building, Jf \
every THURSDAY P:\ENING., . thjjt
JKS a -'MUSIC, SONG AND MUCKLE - cy >/
LF-^ Glee" — Fifth annual celebration 3V, fsSj/l
of Washington's birthday by <.lan tJ»vXJS?
Fraser No. 78, Order of Scottish Clans. *e^^li
FRIDAY EVENING. February 2J, ]«96. at Scot-
tish Hall. Larkin st. Rev. J. Cumming Smith win
deliver an address. Subject, "Scotchmen in Amer-
ican History." The famous Knickerbocker Quar-
tet, assisted by other talented artists, will furnish
a firs:-class musical programme. J-'ull particulars
see programmes. Concurt at 8, grand march 10
o'clock. Admission 25c.
. EDWARD KERR, Chief.
Wim.iam Cormack. Secretary.
SSS* ST. AM'UKWS SOCIETY— v «y v,"
iS-jO' Open meeting MONDAY. EVEN- Ji^?
1 NG, February 17. Members and ""jjljvX^*
riendB cordially invited to attend. "**=es%_
IT^S 3 ANNUALMEE.MING-THE REGULAR
Ef-*' annual meeting ot stockholders of the West-
ern Beet Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the comoany, 327 Market street, san Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1596, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and ihe transaction of such other busi-
uesa as may n>nie before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, February
29, 1896, at 12 o'clock v.
]■:. H. Slli'.l. Secretary.
SPKCIiL NOTICES.
J^^T^kTbU^ENE^BOLAK 1). MAONETIC
iS-- 1^ treatment for rheumatism. 116 a aye.
F»"fa.\ S 1 DAVIS, MANICURING PAR~
EK»' ors moved from 202 to 122 Post; parlors 2
and 3.
n^g=» MISS WILLIAMS. INSTRUCTION ON
Ur-^. piano. Room 15, 101 Grant aye.
BESS 3 202 a" 'post— in a Cohen, genuine
BrJS' Parisian bntbs. Offices 2 and 3.
ir^- MRS. DEAN. GENUINE MANICURE.
B-^ Room 2. 38 Taylor st.
flpr3?= GYPSY CARD READER; 25c AND UP.
i*^&' Room 2, 12 Mason st,
Gts&* VESTA GOLDSMI TiI. GENUINE JEW-
-B^i5 > ish massage. Offices 47-48, 850 Market st,
PtTS 3 MAE EDWARDS HAS RETURNED TO
B*^^ 3033/2 Sutter, room 3; genuine magnetic
treatment.
fit^g 3 MISS GRACE LESLIE WOULD LIKE A
! u^-zs position as an artist's model. 215 Post st.,
room 8.
sf3s= BIG OUTDOOR STEREO PTICON SHOW
S^' every night cor. Market ana Sixth sts. ; artis-
tic advertisements in living light; promoters of
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 MarKet.
rHip MISS PATON, MANICURE AND CHl-
i£^S? ropodist: hours 9 a. m. to 8 P. m. 121
Montgomery st,, room 6.
gt^Sr* MRS. ARTHURCURESBY REALMAG-
S»^*' netic treatment. 906 Market, parlor 21,
second floor.
r^> MRS. WALLACE GIVES GENUINE
cfr-=»' magnetic treatment. 109 Powell, room 23.
rjtgp MRS. STEWART GIVES GEN UIN E
ct-ji' steam baths. 120V2 Geary, rooms 10 aud 11.
Efc^S 3 ALMA GREY, CHIROPODIST, 620
t*- 35^ Market st., room 2J, opp. Palace Hotel.
jjJSyp> MME.- KIMRAL, FROM VIENNA.
CE ; -t ? French lessons. 17 Grant aye., parlor 12.
r£S=s= MME. MERANDA, 17 GRANT AYE.,
liS^fi' parlor 1; vapor and electric baths.
rtr^ 3 MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
Bf-*- 7 8, second floor: genuine massage treatment,
|^> MISS FRANCES BERNHARD; GENIN
im-^7 Ine massage treatment, 17a Sixth St., rm. 1.
Or^> SENORITA CARMENCITA 31 A SCOTT A
! Efc--» gives Spanish lessons. Room 2, 27 Taylor.
jff^3v=> BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
w-jS' collections made, city or country. Pacifis
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6, Tel. 5680,
I er^g=» windows cleaned and floors
s»-J' scrubbed, reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI CO.. 242 Sutter.
i \^S= CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
j S<& THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
i:i the United States or Canada one year for ?1 50,
postage free. .
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
E£*Tp' DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND No.
t*^*^ 28 (fifteen cents per share), of the Hutchin-
son Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable at the of-
fice of the company. 327 Market st., on and after
THURSDAY, February 20. 3506. Transfer books
will close Friday, February 14, 1896. at 3 o'clock
p. m, E. Ji. SRELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAS! ED- J- X.HALE.
A^OUNG GERMAN 7 " 'XsiERICAN GIRL
JL wants place to care for children: best of refer-
ences. Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Batter st.
MIiER OF COMPETENT, RELIABLE
i-> housework girls and several first-class cooks
await situations. Can be seen at -Miss IM.UNK-
ETT'S, 424 Sutter st. Telephone main 5472.
WEDISH WAITRESS, HAVING 4 YEARS'
O references, wants situation. For particulars
call or address MISS PLUNKETT, 424 sutler st.
AJISS CULLEN, FORMERLY OF 106 BTOCK-
JM ton st., has removed to 323 Sutter St., lirst
fiocr, tel. main 5520.
I poMPETENT FRENCH MAID AND SEAM-
\J stress, or as second girl, desires situation; .}
years last place; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. removed to 323 Sutter St., tel. main 5520.
T ADIESCAN SECURE -T-CI.ASS SEKV-
JU ants of all nationalities, city or country, by
calling, addressing or telephoning MISS CULLEN,
removed to 323 Suiter St., lirsi. floor, tel. main 5520.
"1 •: A GIRLS AND WOMEN AT OUR OFFICE
JLOU awaiting ecgagements; ladies and gentle-
men, clease send us your orders and we will send
competent help to you. MURRAY & READY,
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.. tele-
phone Main 5848.
LADIES, HAVE A NUMBER OF RELIABLE
JU servants on hand; write city or country; open
Sunday. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st
"V-OUNG I.ADYOF EDUCATION, QUICK AND
JL accurate in figures, wishes a position as sales-
iadv. cashier or office work. Address L. Q,., box
42, Call. ■-
T) ESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
-Li' tion as working housekeeper, cook or to take
char.-c of home for family of . adults or children;
ri-ferenceß exchansed; city or country. Address
Housekeeper, box 33, Call Office.
COMPETENT SCOTCH HOTEL OR RESTAU-
rant cook wants place: city or country. MRS.
McDONALD, 924 Washington st.
YOUNG I.ADY WANTS POSITION IN STORE
JL In underwear and corset department. MISSE.;
call for 3 days at 810 Howard st.
RESSMAKER, GOOD CUTTER AND FlT-
ter, stylish, just from the" East, wishes engage-
ment 'iy day or to work home. 418 Octavia st.
PEBIKNCED HOUSEK EEPKB WISHES
JU position iv widower's family; city preferred.
Address \Y. C, box 9, ihis oilice.
L" AMI LV WASHING AND ME N DING DON
JL 1 at my own home. Apply 518 Castro st.
XPERIENCEU DRESSMAKER, A GOOD
cult r and litter in the latest designs, will ac-
cept engHgements in families at reduced rates:
references. Apply 1518 Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED YOUNG LADY STENO-
J^ grapher would like position to do office work:
references given. For further information address
841 Castro St.
M.PE 1 ENT GERMAN LADY WISHES
\J housework and sewing, or as housekeeper; is
economical and tidy. Call or address for 2 days at
819 Vallejo St., nr. -Mason, downstairs.'
ITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
laundress; work done at a low rate. 368 Clem-
entina st.
IRL FROM THE East WISHES POSITION
T as saleslady In a dairy or store: speaks four lan-
guages. Call or address BERNATH, 51 Jessie st.
\ N EDUCATED GEITMAN LADY, WITH
-£i- best of references, desires position its 'nursery
governess; same is trust worth ana has had ex-
perience. A. E., box 16, Call Office.
\.y ELL-EDUCATED LADY WISHES A POSI-
»» tion in office or wholesale house. Address S.
E.. box 67. Call Office. :
KILLED NURSE WISHES engage- •
kJ ments: skilled in obstetrics; invalid nursing-
reasonable. Call or address 646 Folson st.
pOLORED W ( ') MA N , GOOD COOK. " WOULD
\J like few hours' work (iailyor general house-
work; sleep home; can sew. 129 Taylor st.
illing WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day: washing or housecleaning; $1 a day and
carfare. 717 Howard st.
A N ED— B Y A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN,
' » a place in a nice family to do plain sewing or
light Jiousework. Address N. F., box 42, Call.
ERMAN WOMAN WITH EXPERIENCE
wants work by the day; lannarywork or house-
cleaning; reference. 211 V-> Sixth st.
p IRL WANTS WORK BY THE DAY; WASH-
VJT ing or houscleaning; reference. Call or ad-
dress 553V2 Stevenson st.
OTHER AND SON, 27 YEARS, WANT SlT-
uations: mother lirst-class cook; son to assist
and can take care of horses and cows; city or coun-
try hotel. Call or address 81 Natoma st., room 16.
ANISH, COMPETENT SE R888; CUT
and lit or do chamberwork in a family or in an
institution, or take charge of living in hotel or
house: reference. 1!»06a Mission st.
"UTTII~s"T - C L A S S CUTTER AND FITTER
X I wishes engagements by the day, $i 26; by the
week. $6. Address D. A., box 44, Call Office.
ITUATION vVANTED BY A GOOD LAUN-
O dress In a private family or in a laundry.
Either call or address 1024 Howard st. ■ •
C EAMSTRESS AND DRESSMAKER DE-
O sires a position; would ;do •' chamberwork or
assist with children. Address S. A., box 23, Call.
VOL'NGIiISLWOULD LIKE SEWING OUT
I JL by the day or :in a store. ■, Address A. 8., 638 a
Minna st.
EAT GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
-i-> housework. 211 Scott st., near Height.
pELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSI-
--lv 11011 to assist second work and grown children;
no objection to short distance in the country. Call
615 Turk st.
nOMPETENT AND EXPERIENCED WORK-
V/ ing housekeeper wishes situation. Address H.
X., box 102. this otlice.
n ERMAN WOMAN. . WANTS .. WASHING,
VJ ironing and housecleanlng. : Please call or ad-
dress .116 Shipley st., bet. Fifth aud Sixth, in
the rear.
THE SAN FR AS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
fITTTATIONS WAfiTED-Continnsrt.
TVESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WOUIiD
SX like housework by the day. Apply 019 Stev-
ensou st.
CANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES A SITU A-
-0 tion for general housework and plain cooking.
Address M. G., box 22, Call Office.
1 AHY .wTshks a position as house-
JJ keeper. • 215 a Post St., room 15. '
/ 1 IRL ABOUT~i6 WISHES SITUATION AS
" J waitress in a small restauraut, or do ljght
housework. Address 102 iy 2 Market st.
OWEDISB. GIRL WOULD LIKE A PLACE
O lor' general housework: good cook: city or
country wages $20 to s2s. Address Swedish Girl,
Oall Office, Oakland. , .
"V 7" I SITING GOVERNESS^ AJJ EXPERI-
* euced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature aud piano. V. G.,
box 10 J, Cull.
WOMAN OF 35 WANTS A POSITION IN A
' » widower's home who can appreciate nice care.
Address W. BL, box 42, Call Office.
ASTERN LADY WOULD DO GENTS' AND
J ladies' mending neatly. 28y Sixth St., room 8.
\\r AN'l ED-BY A GERMAN GIRL. POSITION
■» * to do secona work and plain sewing. Address
1221 O'Farrell SU
VEAT GIRL, CAN SPEAK GERM AN.WISnES
i-> situation in store; has worked in bakery before.
Call or address 11-10 Stevenson St., near Ridley.
TTiREKCH LADY, FIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS,
r wnnts position in private family to do washing,
Ironing und mending. Address 417 Folsom st.
p EItMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
VT day waging, ironing and housework. Call or
address 663 Minna st.
y a COMPETENT girl for UPSTAIRS
work or general housework. Please call at
1567y 3 Market st. .
IDDLE-AGED LADY WITH TWO DAUGH-
ters wishes to take charge of loaging-house;
thoroughly understands the care and management
of same. Address 4% Yerba Buena st., off Sacra-
mento, between Taylor and Mason.
ESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
-IV position as working housekeeper: can sew and
care for children; Dest reference. Address A. C,
746 Guerrero St., cor. Twenty-second.
YOUNG SPANISH LADY WISHES HOUSE-
X keeper's position. Room 15. 120 Vi Geary st.
A USTRALIAN TRAINED NURSE WOULD
JX, take care of invalid or children in return for
passage to Sydney, Australia. Address Nurse,
Call Branch Office, 713 Larkin st.
WANTED— BY A WIDOW, AMERICAN, OF
37, situation as working housekeeper for wid-
ower m country or city: good cook. A. 8., box 12,
Call Office.
ANTED — LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
» » dressmaking, $1 a day, or at home; references.
313 Leavenworth st.
\' nl'Ni, CREOLE LADY WISHES A HOUSE-
-L keeper's position. 917 Market St., room 18,
second floor.
pENTI.EMKN's MENDING NEATLY DONE
VJ at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
"\rOUNO WOMEN FROM THE COUNTRY
-1- would like any kind of sewing or mendlns.
1169 Mission St.. nr.Eighth, room 15, second Moor.
J ADIES WANTING HELP WILL FIND IT
JU at 1004 Market st. ■
IjIASHIONaBLK DRESSMAKER WANTS
! work by day or at rooms; terms reasonable.
Address 31 and 32 Fulton House.
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»T Market: 200 rooms: 25c to XI 50 per night;
fl 50 to $6 per week: convenient und respectable;
iree bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WAATEU-MALE.
\(\(\ MEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WOkITaRE
O\'\J waiting for situations ut J. F. CROSETT&
'JO.'S Employment Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant46.
UNTER it CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California aud Sacrt-mento: tel. 231.
TAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
O vides best help. 314b Suttir St.; tel. Grant 30.
CUIINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V,' office; best help. 414 V O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
INGLE, MIDDLE-AGED MAN, WHO r.\-
O derstands gardening, care of horses, milking,
cultivation of hard, wants situation ;?15 month;
reference. Address Cultivator, box 57, Call.
RUGGIST WANTS TO FILL IN TIME DO-
ing relief work: ten years' experience. Ad-
dress Relief, box 33, Call.
Fa INTER — COMPETENT ALL-ROUND
-L workman desires work; is a good grainer, tinier,
paper-hanger, whitener, etc.; has scaffolding, mil*,
etc.; terms to suit. Call or address Painter, 1077
Market st.
QT RICTLY HONEST YOUNG MAN DESIRES
O position of trust; lei'erences furnished. Address
PADURSON, 523 Pine st.
\ NO. 1 COOK: SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS;
*£\- private family or lunch place: no objection to
wages. Address G., box 5, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY a COMPETENT
general printer; sober, steady and can handle
any work, book or job. Address G. w., box 41,
Call Office.
pOMPETENT ASSAVER WANT'S POSITION
\J In the city orinterior; can keepbooks. Address
Assayer, box 42, Call.
1 FARMER AND WIFE WTSH PLACES ON A
ranch: man to do general farming and wife a
good cook and housekeeper. Address 229 Minna
st., in rear.
■\*OUNG MAN, MECHANICALLY inclined,
JL tvlshes situation; wages no object. Address M.
A , box 133, Call Office.
A YOUNG Japanese STUDENT WANTS
situation, with privilege to attend school. Ad-
dress s. li., Japanese Mission, 1329 Pine st.
BY FIRST-i:LASSS FRENCH GARDENER;
good reference in city. 503 Folsom st. .
NGINEER, COMPETENT AND . STEADY,
would like position of any kind around ma-
chinery; city or country. Address Engineer, 39
Dorland st. r..<v ■
p ARDENER WISHES SITUATION: UNDER-
'-T stands hothouse plants, flowers and vegetables;
can drive and milk should It be required; very
good references. Address Gardener, box 7, Call.
OY 16 YEARS OLD, SPEAKS GERMAN,
would like to learn tne bakery and confectionery
business. Address i;. F.y box BS, Call Office.
QIT UATI ON .WANTED BY GERMAN .TO
O care for borsus aDd garden, or general work
eroiiTid the house. M.JORDAN, 128 O'Farrell st.
ITUATION W ANTE I) AS ASSISTANT
O bookkeeper, salesman or driver: good geiieml
business knowledge and long experience iv this
city. Address G. E., box 73, Cail Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY A^ YOUNG
kj American married conple to work in a hotel or
to take charge of a lodging-house. Address S. N.,
box 96, this office. .. i; : ' :.•■.,;
WILL DO ANY KIND OF WT)RK FOR .$l5
*» a month and found : am not afraid of work-
good reference. J. L., box 114, Call office.
LDERLY MAN, HANDY AT GARDENING,
will make himself generally useful; small
wages. J. N. R., box 94, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED— MAN, FA-
-0 miliar with electric appliances and handy with
tools, seeks a situation. Address E. P.. box 114,
Call office.
Q'iifi I WHili PAY TO ANYBODY WHO
«£)UU can secure me a steady position as super-
intendent; best of references. Address T. A., box
22, this office. ;:::.':-
-1? X P E R 1 EN C E D C H E ES E M A X E It:
■J makes different kinds of che.se, also butter;
knows how to run a separator wishes situation.
Address A. 8., box 48, Call Office.
pOACHMAN, BY A YOUNG MAN -FROM
\J Boston; thoroughly understands his business:
can furnish best references. Apply 1. 1. M., box 14
Call Office.
QJjOCTO-ANY ONE SECURING ME A
<£>£O steady position. Address Stead y, box 81,
Call Office.
CURST- CLASS CUTTER AND TAILOR
J wishes situation. Address A., box 16. Call.
VOUNIi SEAFARING MAN U (jl LU LIKE TO
JL rind permanent employment on shore; is sober
ami industrious; not afraid of, work; is willing to
accept anything, though store or warehouse work
would be preferred; Is a Mason in good standing.
Please answer to.M. M., box 9, Call office.
BA KT.RS— WANTED, SITUATION by first-
'JJ class man on bread and cake; American. Ad-
dress M. D., box 134, Call Office.
rTIHOROUGHLY COMPETENT MAN, HIGHLY
JL recommended, desires employment in clerical
capacity of any description; moderate salary;
security. R., Tilden st,. ;..
S~ ITUATION BY AN "ENGLIsirCOACHM A N
O who thoroughly understands his business; will-
ing about place; can milk. Address NED., 2432
Euena Vista aye., Alameda, Cal.
TRICTLY SOBER AND RELIABLE MID-
-0 die-aged man wants a place as watchman:
reference and bonds. Address c. C. box 16. Call.
FEMALE II KLP WANTED. "
!WA^rai)^GEl«lAX r NURSE 'FOR ciE
»T dren, $20: first-class German cook, 35: Irish
nurse and seamstress, $30; Irish waitress fcoun-
try), $25; 50 good housework girls at $25, $20 anl
$15. Apply MISS PLUNKEfi', 424 Sutler. |
\\ ANTED— INFANT'S NURSE for SAN ■
'• Jose. $20: see ■ lady here . Monday. MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutterst. ' • ■
TNTELLIGENT WOMAN CARE OF INVALID
J- and seninstress, $25 to $30;. city references;
cook, American family, J ,5; 3 second girls, $25
tind $20; nurse. $20;"50 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25; 12young girls, assist", $10
to $15; girls can secure reliable situations of all
kinds by applying to MISS CULLEN, at her new
office, 323 Siuier st. ' ': ■- •
\\' A NTED- OUNG LADY AS PARTNER TO
• »' learn double trapeze and Spanish rings;
height not over 5 feet 4 inches, weittht not over 115
pounds; must be fair looking. . Call between 5 and
7 Sunday, 715 Howard St., roum 19. A. LAMONT.
\\r a COMPET NT GIRL TO DO SFC-
'» ond work and assis: in the care of children;
must be competent seamstress and huve first-class
references, pply NW. coruer Fillmore and I'a-
ciric sts. Monday or Tuesday, bet. 10 and : 12 a. m.
ANTED— IN AN AMERICAN FAMILY OF
'» four adults, a competent Protestant girl- for
cookint; aud general houseworK: must, be under
40; wages $20. Address C, box 122, Call Office.
MISS ETTA BAKER IS NOW MANAGING
female department of MURRAY & READY'S
Employment Offices, 634 and; 636 Clay st.: Kirls
and women wanting work please call at our oilice.
lIELP WANTED- Continued.
SMALL I£Y W I sTi LDERLY LADY
O for light housework; good home; small wages.
28 Grove st. ■ .- ' ■'■'■■ -' - -.- -
X EAT oiRL (GERMAN J'REFERRED) AS
-»-' : plain cook;and laundress: references. 1602
Fell st., near Lott. ________i_i_l__
WANTED — PUPILS . FOR MILLINERY
*' school; class or private: course thorough; sat-
isfaction guarant'd; reasonable. 410 Leaven \vor:h. j
OPERATOR ON CUSTOM COATS. 834 HO W- !
ard, flat A. ..... j
WANTED— GIRL; PLAIN COOKING, GEN-
'» eral housework; no -washing. 816 Twenty-
fifth st., near Howard; call Monday.
ESI'ECTABLE WOMAN, UNDER 40, FOR I
general housework; more of home than wages:
3 in family. » 641 Valencia St.. near. Seventeenth; 1
apply 9to 12 Sunday, or Monday at 12. . ,
OTRONG YOUNG GIRL CAN FIND FIR3T- I
0 class home and clotlies and go to school to as-
sist with worK; references exchanged. MRS. WM.
WOOLSEY, lone, Amador County, Cal. '
GOOD HAIRDRESSER WANTED; ONE
with experience. 1704 Market st.
W" ANTED- YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST .IN
" housework. 41 Sanchez sU
lANO-PLAYER— FOR TRAVELING CON- I
X cern, one who can take small parts. 136 Sixth i
St., rm. 2. from 9to 1. : " . .
\\r A NTEP — COMPETENT, REI.UBI, E \
'* 11nr.se for infant and 'i children; references re- i
qmrcd. Address W., box 63, Call Office. • . .
OOI) GTRL CAN SECURE GOOD HOM
and fair compensation for services at light
housework. Address W. X., 20 Suiter st. , .
Wanted— girl for general house-
»' work and cooking, family of 2 and 1 child.
Call betveen 9 and 12 at 31 Fulton st.
W" ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
* work and cooking. Call at 433 Seventh st.
rpiIREE LADY SOLICITORS: THOSK HAY-
X ing some knowledge of insurance- preferred. P.
11. A. Co., room 6, sixth i!oor, Mills building. .
LOVEMAKERS WANTED. APPLY 650
T Fourth st. : ' .-.-■■•
1 ATEST SYSTEM OF DRESS - CtTTTINQ.
■IJ MRS. J. H. FLYNN, 14 McAllister; room 67.
"\VT INCIIESTER HOI 41 THIRD, NEAR
'■ Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per nieht; $1 50 to $6 per
I week: f<-«e bus to and irom the ferry.
rPHOROUGH COURSE IN MILLINERY
X taught: will prepare pupils to take positions this
spring. MISS ALICE IIAAKE, 121 Post, rm. 46.
RE3SMAKING, CUTTING, FITTING, FlN-
ishinc taught; easy to learn; rapid to use: pat-
terns, 25c up, McDowell Academy, 213 Powell st.
HAIRDREBSIN Or. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
andeveclasaes; 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
AWRENCE I'A 1 ll.R:. HOUSE—
cuttlng school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and 9th.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 p"r night: $1 &0 to $6 per
week: free bus to and trom the fr-rry. ' ■"■-■■
—^— — —^—^— — — — —^^—
MALE UULP WA I'ED.
p ERMAN MEAT AND PASTRY COOK
vX country hotel, $60: see party here; second
cook country hotel, $40. C. R. ANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st.
BARK FOR THE WOODS, $40 AND
board; 2 log-cutters for the woods, .f4O and
board; teamsters for railroad work: vegetable
gardener, country, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
OVI CiiER AND SLAUGHTERER (COL"N-
-1-* try), 840 and found: see party here. C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
W ANTED-LOMPETENT FURNITURE
' ' salesman. Call Sunday between 9 and 12 a.
m., 1306 Stockton st.
WA NTED— APPLICANTS for RAILWAY
'» mail clerk and other civil service positions,
examinations for which occur soon in San Frau-
cisco, to write for dates and valuable information
(free) U.S. Bureau of Information, Cincinnati, O.
13KINTER— BOY WANTED ; 1O FEED GOR-
X don; $5; 2243 Mission st.
"youNG mXn, accurate AT FIGURES, AS
X entry clerk in wholesale house; wages *30. Ad-
dress, with references. Golden Mills, box 20, Call.
yOUNO MAN TO ASSIST IN BOOKKEEP-
X nig; must read and write Spanish. Inquire at
14 Banaome st., ro:>m 32.
RAZOR- 1 1 X OUR 'SPECIALTY; GRIND-
-IK. ing new edge on razor, 26c; razor concaved,
50c; razor honing and setting, 26c, at the Razor
Exch»nge, 630 Market st.; tirst-class work,
U~~ T ANTED— A local REPRESENTATIVE
in every town on the Pacific Coast. THE
WKRNJ--.R COMPANY,' 927 Market st.
Youth WHO UNDERSTANDS stenog-
x ruphy and typewriting: state references and
age. Address N. A. J., box 33. this office.
DAINTER WANTED-SINGLE MAN CAN
JL room and board Dt the place. 640 Mission st.
ANTED— TAILOR ON SHOP COATS. 473
'* Tehama St.
DtBHWASH i-TR~W 1020 " FOLSOM
st.: restaurant.
pENTS FURNISHING-GOODS SALESMAN
VJ who Is competent to take charse of the depart-
ment; also a clothing salesman: also a boy for a
I usimss noose. U. 8. Industrial Agency, room
167, Crocker building.
MA X Tl I JOIN ME WITH $10; WORKING
-Ii- proposition. L. 8., box 5, this office. .
L)OY WANTED TO DRIVE HORSE IN THE
i> country: waaes, $7 a month and board. Ad-
dress Boy, Call Branch OHice, 530 Montgomery st.
Cj^jj A WEEK PAID LADIES AND GENTS
»Ip»JU to sfll Rapid Dishwasher; washes and
dries them In two minutes without wetting the
hands; a child can operate; never breaks a dish;
price low: sells ut sight : permanent position for all
who write soon. W. p. HARRISON <fe CO., clerk
17, Columbus, Ohio. ' ,
\\' ANTED— l£N AND WOMEN TO WORK
" at home; I pay §8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented method: anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa.
WANTED— ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
'» cry st.. clerks nnd laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suo
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts. • '
ANTED— CITY SALESMAN TO FAMILY
»,» and Jobbing trade for a wine an J spirits firm;
answer must state confidentially references, age
and salary expected, or no noticewill.be taken.
Address It., box 2?, this oflice. ■ . .
\\: ANTED— A TAILOR. 648y a COMJIER-
•' cial st. . , . ;
Iy\ RI Kli- PORK AND SAUSAGE STORE;
clears $75 monthly; small capital. 335 Fourth.
WANTED — FIRST-Ct,ASS BOOKKEEPER
'» for planing-mill, one with planing-mill busi-
ness experience preferred; bond required; state
references. Address W. R., box 61, this office. •
VI V WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
i-^ 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; Week $1 tosJ 60; clean, quiet reading-room ;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
/ MtEAMERY HALL RESTAURANT: SEAT-
\J ing capacity 120 chairs: meals sc. 635 Clay st.
TV OR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT TO
I the placer gold fields of Cooks Inlet address
C. D. LAPP, 9 Third St., San Francisco. -. '.
T>AItTNER i.\ NEW BARBER-SHOP; WILL
■i- sell half to a good man cheap. 131 O'Farrell st.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; "WELL COOKED; 8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
SALESMAN —TO SELL PET LEDGER- ,
0 grocers' coupon tooks and other specialties, by
sample, to merchants; side lines ready sellers;
good pay. MODEL Ml-'G CO., Honth Bend, Ind.
XTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOp:S FROM
■l> 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 969 Howard st.
Q 1 TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
*4PX large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
SEAMEN FOR EUROPE, At.'STKALIA,
South America, at 10 Steuart St., upstairs. .
j?OR TH E BEST AND CLEANEST 100 MEAL
X try 13y 3 Grant aye.; coffee a specialty. ■ • .
P.AA MEN TO GET A FINE STYLISH, DU-
U\J\J rable calf shoe toorder,!!»2 50. 959 Howard.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. KiMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238y 3 O'Farrell. '
"II r HAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
'» St.: 200 rooms; beHt in the city: single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c. • ; ■ :
ROSED HOUSE. 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 60c ni-ht; ft\ to $4 week; opeu all night.
"ANTED— Mt-.CHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR,
ers tocall if theydo not receive their Just dues:
law'and commercial collections: no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
j>ARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
l-> fpmale. thorough in H weeks: catalogue mailed.
**an Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.-.- \
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC-
re'.arv Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant, aye. S. FUCHS.
\\r ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 16U
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EOG FUOD-
is the best. C. KERTELL, SanMateo. ,
W INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
;> » Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; readinc-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
l(|f)MK» TO TAKE LODGING AT 10* C, 15c
J -y'V and 20c a night, includin? . cottee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. :
EST in "V— si nTjle ROOMS, 16, 20 and
25 cents per nigh 1 ; 11, fl 25, $1 60 p«r we«k.
J«clnc House .Commercial and Leldesdorff sts. 
Wanted— mkn to get bottle sharp
\ ' steam beer. 6e; bottle wine. sc. (509 Cay st.
At EN'S y -SOLING 50c: LADIEb 1 40c; DONE
-LX while wait. 688 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
Harbkrs t T«roteTJtivk union EMPLOY-
tnent. secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Cla>.
XT REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS h\Jl\ sc;
J- also a bottl «of lager, sc,' at 637. Clay st.
WANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
' week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. :. ■
r PR-Y ACMT-riioLSK, Jtbl MAKKKT .>T.. BE-
. x low Sixth, for iv room: 25ft a niKht: $1 h week.:
J"UST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
Ing shoes: call and see: half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while ; you wait: f all . repairing done by
machinery: ; all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 562 M 1331011 st.. bet. Flrat and Second. ■ , ■
4 00 MK K'SSKCOXD-IIAMJKI) SliOH-S.fSOME
-X\J\J nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission st.
• ■ ■ - -
I \ TTENTION ! '~~ ~~~~ ~~~-^
*E\- The United States Industrial Agency has
added to its business a commercial department to
handle legitimate business opportunities, securi-
ties and other investments, property sales and ex-
changes and collections; also business partners
secured and corporations organized; we invite the
attention of those seeking business opportunities
and investments or exchanges, either as buyers or
sellers and we respectfully call attention to the fol-
lowing: <■■■
A syndicate of capitalists, now encaged in the
promotion of an important business enterprise, are
open to consider an application for a managing di-
rector of high-class business ability and capable of
giving unremitting personal attention to the duties
of a large office; must be able to furnish testi-
monials of the highest respectability and invest at
least $5000; only principals treated with.
Wanted — An active, pushing man for a respon-
sible position in a new and prosperous business for
San Jose district on salary ; only those possessing
hrst-class business qualities aiid . able to invest
$1000 need apply.
Wanted— An active. intelligent and well-edu-
cated gentleman capable of performing the duiics
of secretary or manager in a light and remunera-
tive business on salary; not more than $1500 n -ed
O8 invested. Call on or address C6mmerclal De-
partment U. s. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building. '
Cj'->OO ROUTE; ESTABLISHED OVER
tjpow. years: has all cash customers; good
horse and wagon; business worth $500; clears $100
a month: can be easily doubled; must sell at once;
trial given before buying. STANLEY, 9 Geary. !
<Q* 1 XA LIGIIT BUSINESS; RUN BY SAME
1 - *-"-'• people 2 years; cash trade: easily man-
aged; clears $20 per week; suitable for . two . ladies
orman and wife; a decided bargain; must be sold
at once. STANLEY, 9 Geary st.
400 PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-
tUi-lUv/. class cash manufacturing business:
kept by present owner 12 years; Is highly genteel;
has the patronage of the best mercantile houses;
clears $20 to $25 per week each; a trial allowed.
Apply KKN NY ,765 Market st.
ffl; '_>£.A RESTAURANT. NORTH OF MAR-
tIP«J«JV/. ket; worth at least $500; receipts over
$17 daily; nicely fitted; expenses low. STAN-
LEY, 9 Geary st. /
RANCH BAKERIES FROM $150 TO $500
Coffee saloons from '...... $200 to $700
Restaurants from $250 to $1000
Saloons from $125 to $2000
Cigar stores from $250 to $750
Millinery stores from... $125 to $2500
1000 other places from $100 to $10,000
H. C. PECKER, 1020 Market St., opp Fifth.
<5»q00 DOWNTOWN lUM.MIS3IU.\-I.iji.»ii
<£;(_) V/V-J. doing a largu business; fine chance for
an active man; owner will remain until trade is
fully secured- HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$£9^o RESTAURANT; BEST PART OF
«JP^<Ul7. Market st. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market st. - - ;■-
-STE AD V MAN WANTED TO TAKE CHARO
of a laundry route; small capital required.
PROLL LLOY.D, 719 Market st.
MA N AND WIFE TO RUN DELICACY
store on shares: good location. 414 Geary st.
RET IKING FROM BUSINESS— LEADING
Xli grocery and hardware business in a suburban
village for sale to responsible party at a reasonable
figure. Address Business, box 34, Cull Office.
WANTED - PARTNER. WITH $500 OR
»' more; business legitimate; a man familiar
with laundry trade preferred; no agents. Address
box 17, Call Omce. . -• •: -;: ■:-;
7 "SO SALOON; CORNER SIDE EN-
%£) I <J\J. trance; clnbrooms; doing good busi-
ness; fair stock: trial before buying. Particulars
with C. T. MARTIN, 6 Eddy st. ; call bet. 12 and 1.
IV" ANTED —TO BUY A CIGAR-STOR B IN
'" wholesale district. S., box 9, Call Office.
ESTAURANT— IN good location AND
business; $200. Apply at Call Office.
I HAVE $100 TO INVEST, WITH JMY SER-
->- vices. in some business. Address BELFORT,
box 161, this office.
700 xVTL L BUY EXCLUSIVE AGENCY
<JP I \J\.J for the Pacific Coast for 10 years: busi-
ness established; good-selling article; fullest in-
vestigation solicited. Address W. 8., box 71, Call.
l^f'XO CIGAR-STORE, WITH KKOOM
UpUUU. and laundry office. C, box 108, Call.
4.7 rL nicely located variety-
«lP^ilt>. store: no opposition; near large school;
Ilvlng-room3; cheap rent; well stocked; all cash
custom. Address Departure, box 33, Call Office.
ALOON FOR SALE; CHEAP. 505 MISSION
street.
T?OR SALE, OK PARTNER; GREAT BAR-
-T gain; sample-room which handles bottle goods
only; wholesale house owns this place and pays
$150 for 2 barkeepers. Apply H.GEORGE, sa-
loon, 22 Third st.
ipOAL AND WOOD YARD; FINE LOCATION
\J and well established trade. S. L., box 42, Call.
VI ANTED-SM ALL LODGING-HOUSE N. OF
»* Market st. not to exceed $300; agents need
not answer. Address P., box 89, Call.
ELL LOCATED AND PAYING MEN 1 SFUR-
>" nlsning goods business: must be sold on ac-
count of sickness; no agents. Address or inquire
S. I., 1102 Market st., city.
qj>l CO BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY-
»4)L»Jv/. store; laundry office: 2 furnished
rooms: central ; rent $14. BARRETT & SKIFF,
921 Market st. v-v.'v\ k
tFor sale— branch bakery and gro-
-C eery. 609 Howard st.
INING-ROOM, k ite AND FIXTURES;
will rent cheap to right party. 1532 Polk st.
E AT-MA RKET, tools" and fixtures,
complete, for sale or trade for piano. Shoe-
store, 2831 Mission st. ... .■ > ;
BRANCH bakery and notion-store:
pleasant furnished rooms; no agents. 449
Guerrero st.
VTKWLY FITTED-UP COFFEE FRUIT AND
JLi icecream parlor. 2724 Sinter st.
01OC CARRIAGE AND REPAIR SHOP;
W 1 — *->. good location: worth $250; satisfactory
reasons for selling. LYNCH. 935 Market st.
A PER ROUTE FOR SA LE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this omce, principals only. ■
T> ESTAURANT AND BAKKRY; OWNER HAS
other business; -can't attend to it. 917 Mission.
ORKBTORE FOR SAi.K-POING A FlRST-
class business: on a prominent street: clearing
$150 a month: this is a legitimate business, and
will bear Investigation. Parties desiring a first-
class business, address J. SPARROW, with C. E.
WHITNEY & CO., 128 Davis st.
flfcl Zjf)(\ BUYS A HALF INTEREST IN A
•iiPl'Jyjyf boarding central location: pays
$300 month. CULVER & COLTON. 906 Market.
ObOTy Afif 1 WILL PURCHASE ONE-THIRD
tir^O.\J\J\' of established rapidly growing busi-
ness paying $15,000 to $18,000 yearly; salaried
position if desired; rare opportunity to engage in -
reliablo enterprise; full particulars to principals
only. Address P. O. box 426, Pasadena. Cal.
fI)M 900 W ILL BUY A STRICTLY LEGITI-
•IP X yjyj mate manufacturing business; goods
sold by grocers and druggists; large profits; good
trade already established: every family in the land
a probable customer. For full particulars apply to
E.STEINHAUSER, 460 Twelfth St., Oakland.
<K9^oo PARTNER WANTED IS A
; qp£iV\J\J. strictly business enterprise that nd-
vertiser will guarantee and prove will clear from
$600 to $800 per month to each: this is no fake,
but a solid business proposition that will bear (he
most rigid investigation. For particulars address
8. D., box 11. Cull Office.
4i Q O O Ml -' ST BE SOLD; NEW 1-STORY
OOUU. house; bar and 3 living-rooms; cigar-
store and stable; let 25x120: well located; would
rent for $40: some cash, balance on easy terms
Apply 715 Fifth aye., near Golden Gate Park.
Ci^OO OH SALE-WELL- PAYING RE&
'ROW. tauranthalfa block from Market st.-
good for partners; rent $42. Inquire H. GEORGE
22 Third st., saloon.  '
s^oo AN i RVXOES TO INVEST IN A
St «°°., business; particulars to insure at-
tention. Bookkeeper, box 8, Call Office.
TjH>R SALE-PAINTING AND PAPER-HANG-
X Ing business; good shop ; small rent. Apply 463
aixtn st. .Oakland.
$500 2 m y-VPY*'' EW"(3OKXER HOUSE:
*$)iJ\J\J. all full; low rent. 712 Kearny »t.
F22 U ';- THE MOST ELEGANTLY AP-
x pointed saloon in the city: whole building used
for saloon purposes; on a prominent corner with
a number of factories in the neiel.borhooa em-
ploying over 500 mople; 12 handsomely fitted-up
clubrooms: electilc bells.dumb eleva:or. p,.aking-
ubes etc.: also large wine cellar, cool and well
ighted; established 8 years; long lease to run-
'° n w .f, em -' , d ,°. ln R °ice onsiness: my reason for dis-
posing of this grand place is retiring from business;
a large and well-selected stock of imported and
,ainon Nn i U ° r r anfi c S£ V rs ou hand; re P"t«tion of
saloon No. 1 ; this is the best chance that has ever
bee:, offered in San Francisco for 1 or 2 men to go
m business; will sell for c«h or exchange for good
city property : aon't fail to see this place whether
Call olgsfF?,^^- Ad - rCB3 :- W - V - C " b °* 48 V
TIO RESTAURANT MEN-EXPEIUENCED
>»» es ran man wants a partner to open a cof-
fee and iunch place; the best location in the whole-
sale district: small capital required: must be ex-
Cali Office 1 C °° k preferred - Address C, box 4,
W ANTED-A MAN TO TAKE CHARGE OF
siiburban branch of a wholesale house; one
v.ho hnsa knowledge of retail grocery business
and is willing to invest from $1500 to $2000 in the
business preferred. Address S. 8., box 71. Call.
CTATiO.NERV, NOTION, ; TOY, FANCY
k_» goods, candy, cigar and tobacco store for sale-
good location; no opposition ;• also take a reliahl4
Sin.**!)! D.?^ r x V 56 b CaU^ 280 niust Bpeak Ger -
ff"Oß SALE— ESTABLISHED "GENERAL
«i o l handlse store in the San ' Joaquin Valley;
$12,000 stock; will sell at sacrifice: easy terms'
Address CHARLES POWELL, lock box 255.
Lodl. Cal. ■ ■ . • ; -.
'ELL ESTABLISHED PLANNING MILL
for sale. P. M., box 10., Call Office.
<ft J. p ko F° K SALE-FRUIT AN D PRODUCE
'-p±*J\J. store, with new ockof canned goods-
horse and wagon; good trade. Address A. <fc B '
box 75, this office. ■;-,,,■ .. : . , ?"■""'•
Q99^\ ; BRANCH ; BAKERY, CANDY and
<.iPjd*~iJ. s'a-ionery store; 4 living-rooms; rent
$18; no agents. 34iy Fifth st. .-.-• ." ■
GROCERY AND BAR; GOOD LOCALITY"
* must be sold on account of leaving city Hlck-
ory aye., corner Buchanan st. ■. - ' -•-,.-- .
L"OK SALE— A FRENCH LIQUOR-STORE ON
X one of the best corners on Sixth stret t at a sac-
rlfice. Inquire of K. ROBINET, 411 i/ 2 California st.
POR SALE-MILK ROUTE; TRADE-
■£ Apply 2824 Mission st. ' «A^ii. ,
_ BUSTIVKSS CHANCES-Contiiru^d^^
IT*OR SALK— SALOON: GOOD LOCATION;
JT bargain. 735 Mission st. ■ •
ARKET-ST. RESTAURANT AT YOUR
own [irice: rent paid to March 7. Apply call.
1.0 l»i. i Ni,-ii<-l -i ■> FOX SAtJi.
ROOMS: SUNNY COR.; MUST SELL.. S7OO !
+*<J 10-room house: very central 150
14-room house, worth $1000: price 460
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ROOMS: CLEARS BSS OVER RENT; ALL
offices. DECKER, 1020 Market st. '
CA-ROOM HOUSE; RENT ONLY $60: FINE |
O\J corn.T, clearing $100. Apply to DECKER,
1020 Market st. ' . ' - : ;
TT-"roo"m HOUSE, clearing SlOO per
*±"± month; price $700: trial given. See DECK-
ER, 1020 Market st.
Ql ROOMS: HOUSE ON MISSION ST.; PRICE
<£X SIDOO. DKCKIOR. 1020 Market st.
i I A-iiOOM HOUSE. NEWLY FURNISHED;
-Lv/ will sacrifice, cheap. 202 V Turk St.
pORKER HOUSE. 16 ROOMS; ALL rented;
\J cheap; account of sicknes3. A., box 9, Call
oiliee. :■■-■■
F U KMl't KJK FO li SAJLK.
sooSiS3 : u > BNrr*uSET^E^r?rtr^7rrr?^^6
tfc lounges trimmed with plush. $5 f>o
Brussels Carpet, laid.. 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades in scolors 25c up
SHIREK & SUIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores.
NE MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges ......33 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
URNISHED FLAT •OF 10 ROOMS FOR
-T sale, or rent to desirable parties; suitable for
lodging-house: very reasonable. SE. cor. Devisa-
dero and Bush sts. . - ; ■■:'.•
T/>OR SALE— NEW FURNITURE OF 7-ROOM
-C flat; all or part; reasonable. 125 Grove.
URNITURE; 6 ROOMS; ALMOST NEW;
-T must be sold immediately. 6 Zoe st.
©OQC FU RNIT URE~O F~7 ~ ROOMS FOR
<lD^Ou. sale. Address Felice, box 2, Call Oilice
1p OK SALE— THE FURNITURE OF 7-ROOM
house; rooms all occupied. 214 Ellis st.
MODERN FURNITURE OF SIX-HOOM FLAT
for sale; just the thing for any one going
housekeeping. Call 1439 McAllister st.; no dea ers.
HG. KIUSKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, »9 and up; step-lad- I
ders, 20c pr'step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st. I
REDUCTIONS ON LARGE STOCK; NEW AND I
XX second-hand; 400 carpet], good as new, oil- !
cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: I-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles, 25c: ;
.ranges, $6: cash or installments; goods MiiupsJ
free. T. H. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
CAIiFET clkaslng.
CitT^tTea^FcXrf'lkt^l^
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
pARI'K'IS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J ilke new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; tel.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH <fc CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning. 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RE.V-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
TVTATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
X> vatln? Works HAMPTON &BAILLY-. layin?
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission -41.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDING'B PioneerCar-
ret Beating Works, 553-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKa. Mi
\J Golden Gat» avc : telephone ease 126.
HOBSSS.
FOR SALE— HANDSOME FAMILY CAR-
riageof modern style, in excellent condition;
also fine large-sized brown horse: steady, accus-
tomed to town use and to gentle that a'lady can
drive him: with harness, together or separately.
Apply at 822 Broadway, Oakland.
T* IN E ROAD TEAM; HANDSOMJE BAY
J- hors? 15.2 hands; 6 years old: sound; kini;
gentle and a fine driver; has shown closely a 2:20
gait and a fine bay mare 15:2y 2 hands; 6 years
old. sound, gentle and kind: has shown a 2:38 gait
and should trot as a team in 2:40 or better: either
one is a fine single gentleman's road horse. Ad-
dress T., pox 11, Call oiliee.
HORSE, HARNESS, WAGON SUITABLE FOR
cover; state price. H., box 41, Call Onice.
"I ST-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
-I- and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
"1 A bETS NEW AND second-han d HAR-
XO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, bugcies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
ORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed ; send for circular. Tha Hj'do
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
b-eou for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
Af\ HORSES FOR SA LE ; A LSO~~\v aT;7TnT
jv7 buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sale 3 every Wenaea-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. -;..
"1 A A SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; AIA
X\)\J kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carti;
also 20 chean horses. FifteentU and Valencia sts.
TVAUO^s AND CAItitiAGES.
FINE TOP BUsTnESS^JUGGY^AND HAR^
ness: a good bargain. 16 Clementina su
agents wanted.
t emoore! "~~~~" ' ' "
JLJ Wanted— An experienced solicitor; big pay to
the right man. '
Apply Lemoore Land Company, room 12, fifth
floor, Mills building.
T7IXPERIENCED LADY AGENTS; NO OTH-
XU ers need apply; big money. Call at once, 1020
Market st., Ist floor.
ENTS AND LADIES CAN MAKE $3 PER
day in their vicinity; no money needed. J.
HOLLER. 8 Sixth si.
\\r ANTED— FIRST-CLASS SOLICITORS TO
*» handle goods that will bring cood returns. J.
N. ODELL, 404 Spreckels building.
A GENTS— WE HAVE WHAT YOU WANT;
-t\. every one wants them; quick sellers; large
profits; mone'.-maKers for agents. ALUMINUM
NOVELTY COMPANY. 110 Sutterst.
I RST-CLXSS SOLICITORS. WANTED BY
X the California Mutual Benefit Society; ladies
and gentlemen; Bto 9:30 a.m. P. D. RAINE,
superintendent of;agents. Murphy building.
FURNITURE W ANTED
~\ "maLONiTpaYS 20 PER CEN T 3IOIIE
jT\- than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth .--t.
pASH PRICE PAID FOR FURN II URE. Ja-
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A sth.
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
-TV. second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market st.: call or send postal.
PKOPEKTV WANTED.
■\ IT ANTE LTrr^l^ik^RßFcH"
»» mond tract preferred) in exchange for small
Market-st, lodging-house; cash difference. J.. box
15. Call Office.
BOARDING AND ROOMS W ANTED.
B"~OARrT~Asl) TLOOyT^AyTKD^I^ e\>
l> change for upright piano. 16 McAllister St.
KOO.US WANTED.
T)Y AN ELDEiftLV^EßMA^wrDOW^rjjr-
X> furnished rooms in privato family; low rent.
Address Widow, box 20, Call.
BY RESPECTABLE WIDOW PARTLY FUR-
nishetl room in quiet family where she could
render assistancejorjent. C. H., 2518 Mission st.
YOUNG GENTLEMAN WANTS ROOM IN
X strictly private family. C. 8.. box 16. Call.
WANTEU-aiISCELLANEOUS. "
}^^y^V^To^El^CKA^<TKrAiriSLD^laT-
'» chine of mine for a Wheeler & Wilson New
No. 9. Address M., box 9, Call. •
7C GALLONS OF MILK W TED; SURE
I O pay. Address 1032 Howard st.
"ANTED TO BUY ALL KINDS OF BOOKS
'» and pamphlets. Address C, box 5, call.
BIG HORSES: MUST WEIGH 1800 OR
over. BURNSTINE BROS., Fifth and Bluxome.
"l ANTED- OUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
»I repatrinir: best work- at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth St.; send pos;
DENTISTS. ~~
§1??o1I^I v^F' a " ?£a^^
LkR. OBOBpI W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
'Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved briilge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
T>a INLESS... EXTRACTION. . 60c; CROWN
J- bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13 years',
experience. R. L. WALsH. D.D.S., 815% Geary.
I \H. H. 11. SHAW, 224 ■KE ARN V — I.GI-I-
-XJ work a specially; evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L.T.C RAN Z- E TRACT I ON PAINLESS,
crown ; work, bridge work and teeth ■ without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant aye.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 780 MAR-
VJ ker. bet. 3d and ' 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
ableagent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frmss; fillings trm $1; extracting 50c. with gassl.
- |7A SET FOR TEETH: WA RBAXTRD A.S
• <3D • • good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMaw
dentist, 930 Market St.. uext Baldwin Theater.
I\B. LUDLUM HTTr'f, 1443 MARKET HT.7
XJ near Eleventh: no ch«rgt> for extracting when
plates are made; I old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 6()c: gas given.
i™OL TON "DENT ASSOCIATION. 808 MAX-
ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKEK.
JTLEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR.GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK A NAB LE AND W ABj
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st. .
COINTKT REAL ESTATJb.
0 DAVID P.i'sli. COUNTRY DEPARTMENT,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
CT»I I)' AN ACRE; 1920 ACRES. BEINO
ttj)J..^O sections 1,13 and 23. in Township 2*i
south, range 30 ecs!. Kern County: good grain
and pasture land; well watered; a bank fore-.
' closure. ■ - ■ ■■
<II» 1 f\f\(\ WILL BUY 600 ACRES GOOD MK.A-
«JhXUUU dow land: well watered; will crow al-
falfa; in Kern County, about 6 miles irona
Glenville.
fl»Q;w| WILL BUY 40 ACRES OF LAND IN
»n^UU Murray Township, A lameda County.
Cfl Onn WILL BUY 80 ACBES OF LAND,
1 \'\J 2i/ a mihs NE. of Jolon Postofflce. Mon-
' terey Countv;'4o acres under cultivation; 20
acrts mere suitable for cultivation: balance
hilly with plenty of wood: good fruit, wheat,
hay and pasture land; nearly new 4- room
dwelling; barn for 'J horses; well of water;
great bargain.
a»A PER ACRE-440 ACRES, H MILKS NE.
tjpttof fan Miguel, in Monterey County, near tba
line; all fenced and cross-fenced: house and
'_' barns: 100 acres cultivated, balance rolling
land, covered with oak timber; water from
sprlnzs: troughs for cattle.
FOR EXCUANGE-6 ACBES JUST OUTSIDE
the town limits of Haywards; all out In
prunes, plums, pears, cherries and apples;
good bouse of 5 rooms, barn, airicultnral im-
"plements and fruit-boxes; value $5000; no
mortgage.
1 99 ACRES FOB EXCHANGE. ON HOWELL
JL«J«J Mountain. Napa County; 30 acres hearing
vineyard or nsistent vines: about 10 acres in
prunes, balance pasture and timber land; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath ; good barn; all
fenced and cross-fenced: plenty of water.
QA ACBBfi FOR EXCHANGE, lVa MILES
O\J from Sebastopol, all out in orchard: line
house, barn and improvements; alt stock aud
tools; price $6000. ' " ' ;
© QQ PER ACHK-334 ACRES NEAR LI VKR-
t3SOO more; 90 acres now in Chevalier barley ;
100 acres now being sown to wheat; balance
fine pasture; nicely timbered with oak tim-
ber: plenty of water; 2 farmhouses, new
barn, granary, blacksmith-shop, milkhouse,
carriage-house: this would make a finescoclc
or dairy rancn; 300 acres of this place could
be cultivated: this is a great bargain, and
easy terms will be granted.
QQfinA, WILL BUY'25Vfe ACRESOFNAVKL
t£)<3\J\J\J cranges In bearing Jn i hermalito
Colony. IVi mile* troin Oroville: an ele-
gantly Improved profitable place sold to close
an estate. £\ . «J ' ;'.--
We have some of the greatest bargains in
Improved fruit, vineyard, grain and stoclc
ranches that were ever seen in this .State,
as also some tine income properties for ex-
change. Call for particulars^ '
"UiDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., ~ — —
Sacramento and Sax Fbaxcisco.
The Only Exclusive Country Real Estate Dealers
In San Francisco.
<J>99AA Sl ° ACRES: LOCATED 6 MILES
♦4p— -"«■ from Middletown, Lake Co.: 5 acres la
orchard, 2 acres in vlneynrd, 5-roomed house, barn,
granary, etc.; mineral springs; plenty wood and
water; some personal property.
S7AA 60 ACRES; LOCATED 5 MILE 3
f]p I \r\J. from Orland; all fine level land; suited
for fruits or vegetables; was planted to grain last
year.
CJOQAA 20 ACRES; LOCATED 1 MILK
«3P — —VU. from Loomia, Placer County: small
house, stable, etc. ; 7 acres in fruit, berries, etc. ; all
can be irrigated: easy terms.
EDWIN K. ALSIP <fc CO.,
29, second Hoor. Mills building.
71 ACRES: 1 MILE FBOM < OU X ril< ir.-i:'
'2 Santa Rosa; bounded by 2 never - falling
fitreams: all level and the finest land at a bargain.
J. T. PETEKij, Mills building. . .
ESTABLISHED ...................... 16 YEARS.
N. D. SICKELS
THE .
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions) ; most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized I AM) OFFICE in America.
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
CMALL RANCH; EASY TERMS aN D EX-
-0 change. Owner. 254 Haven St., Oakland.
mo FA BUEBS. ;
X If you are not making money on your crops
invest in the Lemoore Land and Fruit Growing
Company; shares only $10 each in lots of 1 sharo
or more; paying 8 per cent annually; next quar-
terly dividend of 2 per cent payable April 1. I><96.
Office, room 12, fifth floor, Mills building, San
Francisco.
Produce of all kinds taken in exchange for
shares.
1 O(\ ACRES 'OF 1 lii: Kl< Hh-T LEVEL
\J\J bottom land In the State; near two railroad
stations: between Stockton and Sacramento; wiil
grow al! cereals and also well adapted to fruit of
almost every variety; fairly good Improvements:
offered at about half its value; owner a non-resi-
dent; would exchange for improved city property.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
ABHUBST COLONY.
X\_ At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a lionie that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes In
this colony and are determined to surround oor-
selves with neighbors who wish at once to huv-
schools and churches and rear! rooms in our very
midst. We have every facility ior a grand devel-
opment. We make it possib!- for all who are en-
terprisin.g thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort and abundance. Address
ASHUP.ST COLONY,
Room 10, Mills Building. s. F.
"VTEAR HAYWARDS; 8 ACBES OF LAND
•i-i free; payment for improvements only : 10-room
house, barn, windmill, horse, vehicles, furniture,
tools and bearing fruit trees; price $3600. For
full particulars apply to THOMAS Mc.MAHON.
628 Marketst.
ORANGE i~ BLOSSOM COLONY,
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acre* ,
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale.the principal statloa
of the Southern Pacific Railroad ontbelinebetireeu
HtocKton and >iercea. The Stanislaus and Saa
Joaquiu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property ha» a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
pither unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltesa
Bloods. The property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at euh:
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideratiou cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent *port for hunters.
Prices for land. Including a perpetual water righS
nnd planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witti fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable ia
Blx annual payments, without Interest; titla per-
lect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogue* a4-
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO.,
63S MarKet Street.
San Francisco. CaL
OrF. T. KNEWINO, our representative.
Oakdale. CaL
A LAMEDA COUNTY: 600 ACRES CHOICM
-tV fruit land: iy 2 hours' ride from San Fran-
: Cisco: must be sold to avoid foreclosure; land is
worth $100 per acre: wtll be sold at $35; easy
, terms; will sell 5 acres upward. Address Alameda,
box 68. Call. "
w? I I ijfiii RANCH, 160 ACRES; 50 ACBEa
«JPA I . UUU. fruit vines, balance under cul-
tlvatlon; 40 miles from city. L., box 19. Call.
OTTAGE, 9" ROOMS AND BASKMENT,"
\J with 5 acres land; house hard-finished and
ceiled; waterplped; less than one-quarter milti
from popular summer resort; line place for road-
side house or lovely home; house sold with or
without land. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City, Cal.;
Inquire 632 Market st., S. F.
MARIN COUNTY-5000 ACBES 26 MILE 3
from San Francisco.
. Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut auy size desired; fruit, frraln and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; £40 to $75neracre; terms mada
to suit ; send for circular. ■
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chroulcle building.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME-1
ior sale. WOOSTER A WlllTToN. San Jose.
A WEiiK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
■ix WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
LOST.
OST — GOLDpTaTIN^M CUFF "BUTTON.
Xj iteturn to JOHN WISE, 715 Howard st., and
receive reward.
T OST-ON HARKISON-ST. CARS, PUKSE
XJ containing pass to Uklah. Finder please re-
turn pass to cigar-stand, 102 Fourth st.
I OST— BUCKSKIN PUKSE. CONTAIN I N i
IJ money. Return 705 Hyde St.; reward. ..
r OST— I'UKsE.oN KLI.ls, BKT. JONES AND
1 i Leavemvorth, containitig $5 gold, some silver
lid $15 receipt; liberal re\\;ir I. i3»5 Ellis.
j OST— FEB. 15, BLACK BELT. WITH SII,-
I ij ver buckle. . 410 Douglass; reward.
LOST— GBAYISH BLOODHO UND,
J i white breast and paws: suitable reward.
Sisters St. Joseph's Home, Park UUI aye.
J> t\ REWARD— LUST. LIVER AND WHITE
<u>O\.t pointer bitch. Return to R. HUGHES,
409 V 3 Post St. •: ■
OST— BLACK COCKER SPANIEL, NAMED
"Rich"; $10 reward. 700 Market sU
J- OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA.
-i Savings and Loan botiety of San Francisco In
the name of JAMES W. VINEK. No. 185,556
The finder will please return to bank.
1 OST— FEB. 12. BET. SIXTH ST. AND SAN
X-J Bruno road, deed to 1 3b acre 3 of land. Re-
turn San Bruno Hotel, San Bruuo road, receive
reward. .
G" ULD LOCKET AND BUCKLE, CONTAINING
gold dollar. Return 721 Tennessee Bt., reward.
T OST— BETWEEN CITY HALL AND JEF-
XJ ferson square, ladles' hunting-case gold watch
with, name inside. A handsome reward will bo
given for the return of same to Call Ofllce. ' > •
T OST ALL QOnI FOHT AND PLEASURE BY
XJ not getting my shoes made to order hv
GEO. BRYANT for ?5. 204 1 urk St.. near JoneT.
rowsu.
FOUND— GOLD COIN -WATCH CH ARM ON
Market st. Inquire 1130 Vallejo st.
F° V, ) r ST. . BERNARD BITCH; IF NOT
-C called for in 5 days will be soid to pay expenses.
Presidio at. Bernard Kennels, 3313 Clay »v .- ~CIT^JRKAL ESTATE.
Q H uSTßisEN^sTctl
ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS j
AND AUCTIONEERS.
14 Montgomery st.. near Market.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records,"
I »ri cf C the R ei na - a lisV C propertles tot sale in all
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS.
CC9XA PACIFIC HEIGHTS— A BEAUTI-
*ii fJ\f . ful Eastlake cottage of 6 rooms and
path: conservatory, laundry, eic. : all modern im-
provements and conveniences; lot 27:6x127:8^4-
-'Vashington st.
*^1 ft OHO, BUSINESS CORNER ON PINE
IU.UUU. St.; store and several rooms and
'.'2 rooms above; lot 30x87:B: rent $150.
C9A7X ANOTHER LOVELY BAY.\nx-
VTfjyftKJ. dow cottago of 6 rooms and bath;
a'l modern' improvements and conveniences: lot
1:0:8x114; Jersey st.
Ql7 Xi(\Cl REN T $1488 PER ANNUM;
<J-L I ,rJ\J\J. Hayes-st. business property; store
and 4 flats: lot 27:oxl20; I frontages.
Qf»9AA FILLMORE-STREET INVEBT-
Ou-UU, mem; 2 houses; lot 48x81:6; rent
$534 per annum. -:•',>.
QiXAA STEIXER-STREET INVEBT-
«fI TuuU. ment; '2 flats and house; rent $4*>
per month; lot 27:6x110; street, accepted by the
<s7nnn °OOD INVESTMENT; rent $70
«fj t\.i\j\.'. per month; 2 houses and lot; Vallejo
et., near Powell. . *
.^l2 000 ° AX 8T - AND HICKORY
■ L i t " I v/l7 y* » v «- : * flats: bay-windows; brick
foundation; lot 27 ;6x120.
Q7AAA REIsT f65 PER MONTH; 2 ELE-
tp • \J\JVJ. gant new modern park flats; 6, 6 and
b rooms and bath each; Page street, lot 25x95.
.55500 f LE ASANT HOME ON NOE ST.;
iJ<J\J\J. large lot; nice two-story bay-window
residence of 8 rooms and bath; brick foundation-
iromMarke* 16 '^ conservaU)r : siiort distance
$4750 / ULTON ST.; COZY BAY-WIN-
jVi^I ,? *' . d . ow cott of 6 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc.; lot 25x137:6.
#5500 p ARK FLATS; 2 NEW BAY-WlN-
hwv;fY'« dow flats of 6 and & ™> m and bath
each? brick foundation.etc; iot 25x137 -.6; rent $43.
SSfiOO BK S T $4 ° FER MONTH; COR.
lm^yV.\° S * ucneE st.; 4 flats: a bargain;
lot ■ 6ll05; positively must be sold; only a
email amount of cash required.
£2000 ON , EASY TERMS; COTTAGE
t^UVU. and lot; 27x100; Florida St.
S^C^^n RE^"T 5720 PER ANNUM; BUSI-
%py I UU, ness corner on Buchanan st.; store
aud several houses; lot 75x80.
OIQAAA CLAY-ST. INVESTMENT; 2 SUB-
'- \ v ' v/ stantial 3-story houses; could be
e»sily converted into 6 flats; bey-windowa, brick
foundation, etc.; lot 37:6x71; present rent $60
above water; could txj materially increased.
UNIMPROVED.
$2000-Buslness coiner on 23d st; 25x104.
I.oo— Church st.; 25x100; on the grade; ready
for building; strevt work done
|11DO-Mt!zabeth St., 2. tach 25:10x114.
♦4250— rark Hill: grand unobstructed marine
and city views; sheltered: 50x125.
$2300— Scott si., building lot, 25x116:3: bargain.
$3500- Diamond st., bi!i!di:i,r lot, 49:4x125.
$2250— lolores St., 25x1-'5; gmud unobstructed
Views. .-..
Q. H. UMBSEN /k CO., U Montgomery st.
J^URNHAM~<t"~MAK^U OOT" : ~~
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
§25 600 . St WM TOWN BUSI^ SS PROP-
RENTS $ISO A MONTH.
Elepant four-story brick building; location a few
feel .rom«Sutter aud Kearny sts.; street accepted •
full partlcuisrs at oiUce; must be sold.
SEE THIS LIST
OF CHOICE INCOME
CORNERS.
£17 400 KLHttANT NEW WESTERN
•_ x I >IU V. Ad.l;tion corner; bnslness prop-
erty; under secured lease at $130 a month.
BUSINESS CORNER.
Ql Q7^ EIGHTH ST.^NEABTMARKET-
C^IO.O ID. rents * la 9: buildin cost the
RESIDENCE CORNER.
"<RI TW OSTORY HOUSE; SEVEN
tJUIDIf. rooms andhnth; stable; both streets
accepted; mast beso!d; Webster St.
■ HtKNHAM A MARSH CO>
T7LATS AND COME PROPERTY.
MAKK OFFER,
QQinn rents $111.
\d>'JX\J\'. Three houses and 3 flats; only $4000
Cish ; bank mortgage for ba:auce. can remain.
877^0 ~ RENTS $58 50.
<7 I t civ. Baker st., near park; pair elegant
Dew fla:s.
QllT^n RENTS $4760.
3pU UU. Fine flats on McAllister st., near Fill-
nior> ; extra lance lo:, 26x137:6; same tenants for
three years: ri:or:?aged to Ulbernia Bank • for
V 4500; great tanrain.
V* t '. 1 r \d RENTS $50.
• _ >i 1 fJyj . Elegant, new and modern; Fifteenth
■;. few feet from Market.'
9 IX A A RENTS $61.
•_ 'I'JyJKJ . Large lot and good building In iiats on
Zee s;.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
428 Montgomery st.
\\ ILL. K. WISHER <fc CO., : ~~
'> . W2AL ESTATE AGEXTS,
GEXERAL AUCTIONEERS,
. 14 POST ST.
HOUSES RENTED:
RENTS COLLECTED:
PROPERTY CARED- FOR;
. INSURANCE PLACED.
RICHMOND. RICHMOND. RICHMOXD.
WE HAVE THF. LARGEST AND CHOICEST
LIST OF LOTS IX RICHMOXD.
From $300 to $1000.
<7 r \(\ LOTS 25x120; W. LIKE OF BOYCE '■
0 • OU. St., near Geary; street work done.
ffI»QCA LOTS; SO-FOOT FKONT: N. LINE
«J ut/U. Clement Bt.. near 11th aye. ; grand" ma-
rine view.
<innn CALIFORNIA st. AND 2D AYE.
I'JUU. lots; easy ttrms.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
Q inn YOUR BLOCKS FROM THE PARK:
CrxUv/. ready to build on; easy terms; only a
lew left.
<5 lAX A 2 ELKGANT FT. LOTS ON TRE-
♦]jsJ.Vc)v/. Mont aye., south ot Frederick st.;
prand mar.io view; street work all
done: stone sidewalk. :".■':,:
WKSTERN ADDITION.
QQAA IN TRACT NW. COH. GEARY AND
*?'J\J\J. Williamson sts.; $25 down; $5 p«r
momh.
O9AAA FULTON HT., NR. BAKER; LOT
*2>Z,\J\J\J. 26x137:6; no reasonable offer refused.
C-91 Pifi IJOT 25x100; OAK ST., NR. ASH-
<£)£LU\J. bury; cheapest lot facing Pan-
handle.
Q1 AA LOT 30x137:6: OAK ST., NR. FILL-
%J!*J±\J\J. more: street work done.
MISSION. ' •
<% 1 000 LOTS ON VICKSBURG ST., NEAR
<$I.\J\J\J. 23d; ready for building.
IMPROVED.
Q A Z\(\f\ 725 CALIFORNIA ST.: LOT 34x92;
«j"i O\J\J. large house; income $40 per month.
C«K7AA HOWARD ST., NEAR 4TH;
i£)tJ I \J\J. cheapest buy south of Market.
Qi^ A f\fif\ THREE ELEGANT NEW MOD-
<O JLj:» vW> crn flats ot 8, 8 and 7 rooms and
bath; O'Farrell St., near Octavla;
27-foot lot; rent $122 60 per month.
Houses and lots for sole in all parts of the xrlty.
Call for lists.
<2»1 QXA KE>*TS $126 PER YEAR CLEAR
O1O«.M/. of water: house and lot. near Main
and Folsom sts.: lot 22x£2; a great bargain.
1 UTSANYSJZEON CLEMKNT SI. ONBU-
JU tro li. X. ; will sell on nuy terms; look for lari;e
1 10. ■ . .
<' Z.nnn baker ST., NEARCALIFORNIA,
•JSUUUI/. large lot. 65x82:6; » aplendld site
for residence or flats.
ROBERT J. MERCER <* SONS, 410 Pine at.
"DEAL ESTATE FOR SALE B\
XV C. H. REYNOLDS 4 CO.,
333 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
Sutro Heights, Point Lobos, Cliff Honse and
41sttave.; c'noir,; lots on e!ectrio-car line. ;
$2000— Point Lobo* avenue, lim-class corner lot.
*1 500— Corner lot Point Lobos and 43d ayes.
$5000— D st.: business corner: near beach,
f 1600— 43 d live. ; w. cor. lot; north of Park.
*>' 1 0-ave. lots, 25x120, near electric-cars.' -
5350- Wayne st.. jbernal Heights: Gift Map lots,
if,K CortlaDd aye.: school and cars.
Bth-ave. lot, 25x120: Clement st. »nd cars.
iJth-ave. lots, 25x120: near car lines.
.. ave# lot nr. clement st. and Sutro's car
Btanon.
SK I 00 UA SH, BALANCE EASY TKRMH:
??„ a. l/ nlce cottage home. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st, ' .
2fiO() RBN TSS26PER MONTH ;~1)OIA>
*. ni ' *?" Bt - n e*r 26th; this Is a fine bar-
"A*?!??. 1 : . l>olorw ' " treet Is as wide n Markeu
McJJWSN BROS., US Montgomery sb • • ■
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADIBON & BURKE, REAL ESTATE
I Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
i QW. COR. VAN NESS AYE. AND O'FARRELL
I yj St.; 120 on Van Xess aye. by 178 in depth; 3
! frontages. MADISON <fc BURKE.
fpURK ST., NEAR JOKES; FLATS AND
x house, renting for $no per month; offered very
low; in perfect condition.
RENT $80 PER MONTH; 4 TENE-
«UJ I *J\t\f. nifents and lot 25x120: s. line of Pine
•t-i 6C IE. of Polk; ■ *ront«ges. MADJSON &
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT:
J- v rooms nnd bath: all modern conveniences;
25x137:6; only $7250. MADISON i BURKK.
pHOICE SUNNY RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS,
VJ bath, attic and basement: all improvements,
heater, etc.; Stciner, bet. California and Sacra-'
meuto; lot 26x106:3. MADIbON & BURKE.
©RkAA Washington, near devisa-
'«iP\JUV/\». doro— 7 rooms nnd bath: • conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON A BURKK.
ONLY $6000: BRODERICK, NEAR BUSH;
lot 50x90. with house of 11 rooms, occupying
25 feet, which with small outlay can be turned into
tworiats. MADISOX A BURKE. > : -;
©^AAn PAGE, NEAR BRODERIOK: RESI-
OUUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath : lot 25x
t)7:6. MADISON & BURKE.
<fi t^nnCi * FLATS: STEVEXSON ST., NEAR
tJOI/UU. Kidlev; rent 3 $41: lot 26x77:6.
bireet accepted. .MADISON & BURKE.
C£9^nn ST. ROSES ST.. NEAR MASONIC
(Jp-UUU. aye.; 8 rooms, In good condition;
easy terms; lot 25x100. .
Q9l A A COTTAGE; WEST PARK ST., NR.
<jpZfXUU. Mission road; 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x100.
QlQnn HILL, NEAR CHURCH: NICE
«Jp±OUU. home; 25x114; cottage, 4 rooms.
CT>-| CCA REDUCED; RENTS $24 PER
«Jp ±iJO\J* month : Lo Roy place, near Sacra-
mento and Leavenworth sts.; lot 22:6x80.
(JftOEA 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENTS fl2;
tJ^OiJU. Potrero, near Union Iron Works: lot
25x65. '/•:.■-•..,_.:*;
HOUSE AND LOT; 1318 LBAVENWORTH
St.. bet. Clay and Washincton; 9 rooms and
bath; electric llshtlng; liot-alr furnace; been
rented for $60; reduced from $8000 to $7250. Ap-
ply MADISON A BUJtKE.
UNIMPROVED I'ROPKRTT.
$15.000— and 19th; corner; 123x122:0.
$5500— Washington, corner Lyon; 31:3x100.
J4500— 24th. NX. cor. Vicksburs; 60x114.
4000— 65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d,
$3Soo— Stefner, near Pine: 25x103.
J.Hsoo— Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110.
$2700— near Market; 25x100.
$2500— Cheap; Clay, near Baker: 25x105.
$2400— Castro, cor. Kliznteth: 2ti:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove: 25x100.
$i;oso— near Scott ; 25x117:6.
?JBol— Noe. nearlSth; 25x110.
• 1850— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6; part cash.
$1300— 19 th, near Sanchez; '^5x114.
San.-her., cor. Valky; 26:6x100; $1250.
?600— Minot, near California aye.; 50x70
MA HO N<t BURKE. 626 Market at.
Alt HOKIGKR. LOUJS A. SOUC
T .A. SOUC&CO..
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. REXT3 COLLECTED.
465 AXD 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As w»» make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time aud
money by calling on us at ouce, ; ?>, ..,•-;
©9", AAA ONE OF THE BEST BUSINESS
'~O*>.\J\J\J. corners in the Mission; lo: 65x
100; 2-story buildimr, containing 8 stores and 4
rooms: 3 flats, 5 rooms and bath each: 2 bay-
window cottases, 6 rooms and bath; all in Al or-
der; rentlnc for $2S£O p-r annum.
Ql A AAA COR. OUERRKRO AND 20TH-
*5>Xrt.\J\J\J. lot 76:6x105; elegant bay-window
house: 8 .rooms, bath; saloon parlors; large
grounds and stable.
st i n nnn *'INE' CORNER ON i6th ST.,
rlpXU.VU'lf. near Market; store and 3 rooms;
upper fiat 5 rooms and bath; coitsme 4 rooms; lot
SUxSS.
iCf^XAA VALENCIA ST., XR. 20TH; LOT
<&\JO\jyj. 25x90: bay-window house 8 rooms
and bath: could at small cosi b« converted into
business property.
CjXXnA BARTLETT ST. TO ALLEY; LOT
•IDtJOUI/. 30x117:6: modern bay-window house,
6 rooms; bath: stAbl* for 3 horses. *
<3»X(|AA 19TH ST.. NKAR VALENCIA;
t&O\'\J\J. lot 37:6.\90; »le?.int home; bay-win-
dow house 8 rooms: saloon parlors: all in perfect
order; cheap at stiooo.
CfO^AA 26X101) FLORIDA ST., NR. 24TH—
(J?OHJU. modern bay-window flats, 4 und 5
rooms: hatJi, laundry; in perfect order.
QQ7XA 37:6x90— 18TH ST.. NR. VALEN-
«JI>O I OV. civ: asuap: cottageof 5 rooms, bath,
laundry: In good order: the lot is worth more
money.
Cfl X(\f\ 50x115— DIAMOND ST., 20TH;
J O\J\J. 2 lots; street graded; sewered:
must co. --5 ■: !*-■
Ij')S.AA I.EXIXGTON AYE., NEAR 20TH:
is£\jtJ\J\J cheap: two-story house; seven rooms;
bath; laundry; in perfect order.
CJJ9XAA VALLEY ST., XEAR CHURCH:
UT — O\J\J. lot 27x111: bay-window flats; four
rooms and bath each : always rented at R24.
.CJQ9XA SAN CARLOS AYE., NR. 19TH; 2-
(J*O»i(U. story 1:0..5e. 6 rooms; bath; street
worn all done and accepted.
<3Jj9.-.AA 27TH ST.. NR. CHURCH; LOT
*J*J\f\f, 25.\114; modern bay-u-indow cottage,
6 rooms; bath; laundry; hi h basement.
AAA cozy COTTAGK OF 4 ROOMS;
■ti)*.UW. lar^e basement:lot 25j114: nr. Guer-
rero aud 22d sts.
Our list comprises some of the best property in
the Mission. Lots of all sizes ln any of the home-
steads; also good business corners in any part of
the Mission, Call and get a list and prices.
If you want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
L. A. SOCC i CO., 465 and 467 Valencia St., near
Sixteenth. .:■'■•;
MCAFEE BROTHERS,-
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AXD FINANCIAL AGEXTS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS.
<B>79AA BRODWAY.NR. STOCKTON; 21-.6 X
• «-W. 137:6: good, sutstantUl Improve-
ments; 2 flats and cottage in the
rear; brick foundation: street work
all done: rents $68; must be sold:
-■--, '■'. essy terms can be arranged; elec-
tric-cars pass the door. ,>■-.»;,'
<51 9 Z*f\(\ pine-st. flats: vkry
! QX+j. a\J\J. choice locality; 26x137:6. with 3
modern flats of 6,6 and 7 rooms,
bath and all conveniences: all rented,
$8*50; nrst-clutss condition.
QQIXA JACKSON ST., NR. BAKER; 25x
ijpOXtJv/. 1V!7:81.4: good locality for flats: woutd
rent well; a cheap lot.
©OAAA LOOK AT . this; splendid
COuUv. building lots on Mission St., but 46
' ft. from Valencia: cars in front;
cable and electric: street work done
and accepted; 25x100 each: nelgh-
- f borhood well built up; will sell 151:5
xIOO fOr$l«,OOO.
l G9 .nn RICHMOND; EASY TERMS; 11TH
'U— O\J\J , aye., near Clement; 50x120.;. street
work done. -
*-* •■- ■■•'■ * ii^zr
OAKLAND BUSINESS, PROPERTY TO XX-
Change for Kan Francisco residence or residence
- lots in the Western Addition; pome
mortgage would be assumed; but a
very sh»>rt distance from the City
Hall, and has 2 frontages; 6Kx11.8
feet deep: improved with bay-win-
dow, 2-story residence: 10 rooms,
. ■ bath: large basement and attic: also
stable lor 2 horses and earring" ;
street work all done and accepted-;
inquire about this without fail.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
. 108 Mor-tgomery st.
\V H. CRIM <fc CO., ~~™ ~~
VV . HEAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE
BROKERS, 118 MONTGOMERY bT.
HOWARD, NEAK IST:^SOR 50x86; RENT
$6260.
fl« \(UU\ CA PP. NR. 23D; 8 ROQMS; BATH:
JJiOUUU. 40x122:6.
CiJOQAA 19TH, NX. YORK; 9 ROOMS AND
•3>OOUU. butli; new: 26x100.
CL«OAAA ALVARADO, iHR. GUERRERO; 4
«3>ZUUv/. rooms: 25x114.
(HiUO^Ci FUi.TON. NR. OCTAVIA; SFLATS
iH;U^«Jv/. nnd store: fine income: 25x87:6.
Q. (JAA EACH — 21ST,, NU. SANCHKZ; 25x
>jyjV> 114; fineview. »» . .
©Qnn CASTRO ADDITION
tJpOUU. P.oanoke: 26x100; part cash.
I?»OR SALE . -
J ■ yU^-i OR -• •-. ■-- :
TO LEASE.
Elegant -residence on Ashbury St., 733; short
distance from Halght-st. cars; house contains 12
rooms, tnrnace and jnodern conveniences through-
out; large grounds; beautiful well-kept garden;
cement walks; driveway and stable; lot 125 x
186:3 to rear street. ■ For terms apply to BOVEE,
TOY & SONNTAG, 19 Montgomery st. . •
CM CAA FOR SALE— I BLOCK FROM THE
tjptrUUU. park; new house, 6 rooms, basement
and attic; well built and' finely arranged. 'lake
McAlllater-at. car to Sianyan. and apply at Park
House. '..■ ; ■••.'-
-ffl>-| A DOWN AND $5 MONTHTLY
tJp-LU ments tv-111 buys lots north or south
. Golden Gate lark, Kxcelslor Home-
stead and other parts of the city;
cottage's and houses built to order on
'- easy terms, same as rent. --:■• • ■
J. W. WRIGHT A CO.,
I ' . Real Estate, ,
'. -,-. ..■■ . • - 628 Market st.
XCELSIOH! ■- ..- : •-, . .: • -»,,.-■-
-JCi v A CHANCE FOR YOU!
I Six lots near China avenue and only a few yards
from Mission-street electric cars; level and ready
to build on; prlc.f> reduced for a few days; sire
150x100; terms $1000 down, balance at 7 percent
Interest; Investigate this: well suited for building
Purposes and In the direct line of Improvement.
I. E. POEHLMAN, agent, 415 Montgomery st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SHAINWALD, ".HUCKBEK <S CO., KEAt. ES-
TATE AGENTS, •
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
■ BUILDING. ■
HOUSES RENTED.
$7500-In best part of San Mateo; 3 acres, close
to the old Howard place, on San Mateo aye.
price lower than anything . has been sold for
in this neighborhood. . ' . •
$7600— NW. corner; residence on Sacramento st.;
contains 12 rooms and bath; this is an un-
doubted bargain; lot 28x90:6.
$40,000-Sutter^st. Investment: downtown: leased
to one tenant for $3000 per annum ; pays over
6 per cent net. -...« ;■
$4400— Handsome new cottage: Diamond st., nenr
1 ah; also rear house of 5 rooms; rents $42;
lot 25x125.. - ■•■.•■•-.
$2100— Xlce cottaee or 6 rooms and bath; La-
. guna st.; lot 25x87:6.
$3500— Cottaee on Cappst.: 5 large rooms and
bnth: offer wanted; $500 cash; balance on
■ easy terms. ■ i . .
$4000-Clay st.. near Larkin; 3 flats; rents $43;
otl er wanied. , .
$18,OW-Iseantiful modern residence In Western
. Addition; Clay St., beyond Laguna; 12 rooms.
basement nnd attic; natural wood finish;
palon parlors; owner will take in part pay-
ment an improved place in Ross Valley. San
Mateo or Hedwocd City not to exceed $8000
in value. .■ . :'.•
$25,000— 15t st.; corner; large lot: Improvements
consist of 9 flats from 5 to 7 ruoms and bath j
each ; rents $194.
$18,000— Kddy st.; downtown ; 3 elegant modern
nats of 7 nnd 9 rooms and bath; rents $140;
10t26x87:6. •;
$6000-Broan\vay. near Devisadero; flne marine
view; lot 40x127:814. '
$6500-Loulsa st., near 4tu; 4 flats ; rents $55 50;
lot 39:7x69. •
$18,500— Eddy st., near Larkin; price ' reduced
from $23,000; 3 substantial houses; rents
$127 60; lot 67:6x93. . ■•-.
$850-Terms $100 cash, balance $20 monthly;
r> Richmond lots; 10th aye., near California
St.; cheap. .
$15,C00— Mission st., N. line, near sth ; store and
flat above; $9000 mortgage can remain at
6Vi percent; lot 26x90.
$4250— Minna st., near 2d; rents $42; lot
'„„ 25x*0 reet. .
$6000- Price reduced from $7500: substantial
bay-window house of 8 rooms and bath:
Golden Gate aye., near Pierce; lot 27:6x110
feet. . • ■ .
$9260— Mission St., near 19th; lot 46x122:6,
with 2 houses: rents $45. ■--*■■'.•• ; -v <■-
$2000— 24th si,, near Florida; lot 25x104: cheap.
$1650— Cnerry st., Presidio Heights, bet. Sacra-
mento and Clay; price reduced. - ■-.
$850— llth aye., near Point Lobos, Richmond; 25x
120; or two lots at same r.<te.
$1250— Stevenson st., near 14tn, 25x66 feet; or
three lots at same rate. .. •
$3400— N. side Jackson st., near Leavenworth, a
2-story flat of 4 rooms each; rent $24 60
per month: size lqt 24:6x82.
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
■-■■* -v; SHAINWALD. BUCKBKE CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st., Mills building.
CHEAPEST LOTS '■ ~
IN THE MISSION.
TWF.NTY-FIKST • AND TWENTY-SECOND
STREETS'. (
HAMPSHIRE ST. AND POTRERO AYE.
$800. $825, $fX)O, f 12M>. " '
STREETS ALL SKWKRED: LOTS READY
TO BUILD ON; SIZES 25X100 FEET.
TAKE BRYANT-AVK. ELECTRIC CARS.
CALL FOIt DIAGRAMS.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE <fc CO., -
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
RICHMOND LOTS. ■ ~ : : ~
RICHMOND LOTS.
RICHMOND LOXS. .
. ON EASY TERMS.
SIXTH AYE., SEVENTH AYE., CALIFOR-
NIA AXD LAKE ST3. - »5
$900, $1000, 81100. --■' •'■
ON SACRAMENTO -ST. CABLK LINE;
STREETS SKWERED AXD MACADAMIZED.
LOTS READY TO BUILD ON.
TERMS $50 CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
TAKE BUTRO ELECTRIC, SACRAMENTO-
ST. CABLIi OK CAI.IFORNIA-ST. DUMMY.
CALL FOR DIAGRAMS.
SHAINWALD, BUCKISKE & CO.,
' 218-220 Montgomery st., Mills building.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, ~~
KKAL ESTATK AGENTS,
19 MONTGOMF.RY ST., LICK HOUSE BLOCK.
©IAAAA MUST BR SOLD; ELEGANT
lv.Uvv. residence on Buchanan st., near
Washington; contains 10 rooms,
bath; njnrfpj-n conveniences through-
out; lot '.6x107:6; submit an offer.
m»/»£AA ASIIBI RY ■ HEIGHTS RESI-
«Ip UtJUv. dence: Belvedere st., near Frederick;
: ■': -. -■ new modern residence, containing 9
rooms, batli, basement, etc.; large
pardeu and yara; easy terms, if de-
sired. . j .
ffijPLAAA . PRICE GREATLY REDUCED:
<JJ)UV/V\:'. must be sold; no reasonable offer will
. ' -be refused; 2 flats, renting for $600
per-nnnum:' Union st., near Larkin.
<5U Qnnn rents $180 per ANNUM; lot
<Jp O\J\J\J. 34x65: irame building of 4 tene-
ments: .\iuoma St., near Sixth.
<Bil9 KAA FRA-NKL.IN-ST. RESIDENCE,
y±)X4J.O\J\J. near Broadway; only 6 years old;
lot 30x120; modern house of 9
rooms, etc ..;v,r:: *"«vr;:
(fl»OA nnn OFFER WANTED; RENTS
tJpOU.V/UVf . $2700 per annum; to one tenant;
lot4as6o: leased for 5 years; down-
town location.
dfcOQAA 14TII ST.. NR. CASTRO; LOT 26x
tjP*Jvj\J\J . 115; new cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
Q1 P\Hn ANXIOUS TO SELL; McAL-
<4pXU.UUV/. lUter-st. business property, near
Cough; lot 35x100; 3-story buildlnp,
2 stores, flats above; rents $116 per
month. . ..;•■-■.
<S99^n NEW COTTAGE OF6ROOMS AND
<gt£i£iO\J, bath; lot 25x120: very easy terms;
15th aye., near Point Lobos.
<2jq9AA SUBMIT REASONABLE OFFER;
<$Q£\J\J. Stevenson »t., near 18th; 2 flats of 4
and 5 rooms each ; rear bouse of
4 rooms : rents $29 : easy terms.
<3JI A t\ft(\ INVESTMENT CORNER PROP-
<u)-L^t.c'UV/. erty In' the Mission: store and
flats: lot 25x62:6; rents 81680 per
annum; investigate this. .
<2>QAAA BUSINESS CORNER ON IITH
«jJ)UUvV/. St., near Howard; store and 4 rooms:
flats of 7 rooms and house of 5
rooms; rents $672 per annum; mort-
gage IIJOO can remain. ;.-;- ;v ...*-
-<2R9f|n RENTS $840 PER ANNUM;
rS\J£d\}\J . downtown income property; lot 3Ux
100; Improvements consist of house
oi 17 rooms; near Howard and 6th,
CMAAA OFFER WANTED; 4 FLATS. 3
tjptlUv/V/. and 4 roonm each: rents $44 per
month; near Howard and 4th sts. .
<3>7AAA CLAY ST., NR. POLK; 2-STORY
<Jp I \J\J\J. house of 8 rooms and bath: A No. 1
condition; rents $42 60 per month.
Qt^n AAA. MUST BE SOLD; SUBMIT
isO\J»\J\)\J. offer; lot 80x8!); frame buildings;
. _^ near Mission and Bth ats.
O'FARRELL 4iu, T~~~- ~
REAL KSTATE AGENTS. HOUSEBBOKERS
ANDAUCTIONEKRS,. . .
. > 11 MONTGOMERY ST.
©"1 X f\r\f\ TAYLOR ST..SHOHT DISTANCE
<ijpxu.\J\J\J. from Market; fine location fordoc-
tor; 2-story house; 8 rooms and bath;. lot alone
worth the money asked. - -.
©1 £»A PER FOOT; WORTn $200 PER FOOT:
<J)lw Harrison st. north, bet. sth and 6th; will
be sold in sizes to suit; 200 feet front.
QOAA'A PACIFTC st.,nr.larkin ; BUSI-
<&d\J\J\J. nes3 property; 26 feet front; rents
$24 per month.
q>97XA RIGHT AT TRANSFER POINT
*Tp^ I O\/. between tro electric-road and Sut-
ter-st. road; large lot suituble for business; better
than corner lot.
©XAfM A sacrifice: webster ST.;
<7J)OUUU. Pacific Heights; first-class nearly
new residence of 8 rooms and bath; worth $8000'
offered at this low ligure to make an Immediate
sale.
©QAAA INVESTMENT CLOSE IN TOWN-
<puUUI/. 3 fronts; can be leased to responsible
tenant at 7Va per cent net above repairs and water
rate: lot aloue worth the money.
Ofc I ar\(\ Bernard st., bet. JONES AND
*\pX\J\J\J. Leaveuwoith, Paclnc and Broadway
street paved and accepted; 2-atory house suitable
for 1 or 2 families; reut $20. .
TO THE HOME SEEKER.
■' Oarbeantlful'subdlvlsloh b^ing practically sold
we take pleasure in stating that we - have secured'
an additional twenty lots in the Immediate vicin-
ity, which we; will sell on the same terms prices
that." made the original, tract (of which we have
sold nearly 200 lots) so popular. • ' " ■
The lo:s we now offer lire all less than a block
from Mission st- and ilie elfctr.o cars, and which
ar« but twenty-eight minutes' r e from the City
Hall, Lots are level and ready to build upon, anil
are beIUK soly at prices ranging from 300 to $500
on $iO monthly payments. ■■•..• , •■■
. You .would do well to see onr beautiful modern
cottages, sold on very easy terms for $1200 ir-
eluding lot 26x100: street work done.
. To visi t this property take M Isston-street Electric
cars to Francis st. or China aye.; you i will there
find our branch office and representative, George
A. Turner, from 10 to 12 daily and all day Sunday
He will cheerfully furnish uoy: iuformatlou de-
sired. ' \_ . -
'-..• O'FARRELL "<fc CO.,
" • • -'■ • '.- ■■■,*■•'' ' ; ' 11 Montgomery st. "
A A TO $476 FOR FINE BUILDING LOTS
iJT'IUv/ on Carolina and Wisconsin sts., bet. 24th
and 25tn close to 2 car lines: on very easy terms*
$6 down aud $6 per month wtthout interest; this Is
a rare chance. Coll on RIVKIIS BROS., owners,
600 Hayes st. . . . •
<£IXAA. A BARGAIN-FINE NEW COT-
tJP-iuv/U . iage of 4 rooms.: $200 cash, balance
$15 p<r month at 6 per cent; cloje to car lines';
Carolina hi., bet. 24th and 25th; this is a snap; it
win pay you to call . and see. ; B.IVERS BROS.,
owners, 600 Hayes st. • . ■• - : '.
ONLY 3 LEFtTnEW HOUSES ON WEBSTER
St., nr. Vallejo; marine view, etc.; open to-day
for iuspection.
• CITT KEAIi ESTATE.
A DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE. \ •
BUSH ST., NEAR VAN NESS AYE.
AT A SACRIFICE.
$18,000— A large handsome residence of 11
rooms and bath: all conveniences: bricK founda-
tion, substantially built; north side of street: lot
50x120 to rear street: obtain permit at office to in-
spect. EASTO.N, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
--■-■■■ ■ . •-■•.. ••--.- 638 Market st.
UoINKSfS I'UOFKKTV -—— ___
IX THK WESTERN ADDITION.
IMPROVEMENTS NEARLY NEW.
• $11.000— Store with H rooms In rear and two
handsome flats of 7 and 9 rooms and bath oa De-
visadero St., near Pape; always rented; lot 25x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDOK A CO.,
■ :■ -■ . - •■ - 638 Market St..
MODERN HUME, \ "'
FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
N\V. COR. FELL AND LOTT.
$12,500— An elegant residence of 11 rooms and
baUi; strictly modern: complete in all details;
large double lot; cost over $17,500: unexcelled op-
portunity to secure a fine home at a sacrifice; ap-
ply at office for permit to inspect. .
JSASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO
- - 638 Market at.
IMNE FLATS. ~ — — - _
T ALWAYS RENTED.
PAYS $660 PER ANNUM.
Reduced to $6000; 3 modern flats of 5,5 acd 6
rooms and bath on Noe st., 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket: only 4 years' oid; lot 26x96 feet; this property
cost over $8500. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
■ ■ 6»8 Mwrket st.
ANDSOME HOME. *~~
- • MUST. BE SOLD.
BANK ABOUT TO FOBECLOBS.
$6000— Modern 3-story residencfi of 9 rooms,
bath and stable on the north side of 15th St., 2
brocks north of Market: larae lot, 48x116 feet; half
of lot vacant; mortgage $4000 in Hibernia Bank
can remain. - . <
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
■ ' ■ :_ 638 Market st.
NLY $2500. ' : ~ : .
- FINE INVESTMENT.
PAYS 3360 PER ANNUM.
Two flats of 4 rooms each, recently renovated
and in good condition, on Glover st., near Jones;
the improvements are always rented to desirable
tenants. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
■ ' ' ■ ' 638 Market st.
SPECIAL BARGAINS ~~~~ ~
IN CHOICE LOTS
' FOR INVESTMENT. FOR HOMES.
C£7flfifi JUST THE PLACE FOR STORE
tip I \J\J\J, and flats: an elegant corner on O'Far-
rell St., near Buchanan; 90 feet front-
age on O'Farrell by 50; this is very
cheap. ■ :
fflJKfifin SE. COR. CLAYTON AND HAVES;
tjDtJUUU. 50x106:3 ft: 1 block from the park.
O>Q9?:A COR. DOLORES AND LIBERTY:
tg)OZiO\J. 28x92 feet; street work all done.
<n»"l Q7X SACRAMENTO ST., NR. MAPLE;
<IP-LO I O. 27:6xl3'_'; compare this price with
-:'■';/. adjoiuing property. .'
ffl»T Or A 18TH ST., NR. NOE; 25x114; THIS
i®J-AU\J. is prospective business property.
©I OAA FOUR CHOICE RICHMOND LOTS
! «IpJL.£il/U. on 2t>th aye. ; nicely situated. " .
Cl* 1 1 f\f\ CORNER ON OCEAN ROAD, NR.
«H5JL±vLf. new racetrack; 50x127. - .>; -
<52»7P;A 15TH ST., NR. CASTRO, ONLY TWO
<JP 4 OLr. blocks N. of Market; Inrce lot; 48 feet
frontage; exceptionally big bargain.
ffl(J n n 18TH AVF... NR. CLEMENT ST. AND
tJpDUU. Sutrocars; 25x120.
CA A 25TH AYE., NR. POINT LOBOS; 25x
%3O\J\J. 120; street graded and macadamized.
<2»QAA 27TH AYE., NEAR POINT LOBOS
JJpOUU. 25x120.
' EASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
I__1 __ 638 Market st.
A. H. LISSAK. ' O. F. yon HHKI.f .
OF. YON RHEIN A CO., REAL ESTATE
•■ Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street.
Corner Clay and Stockton; 69:8x68:9; .'Chinese
stores; rents $142 50.
Stockton, nr.Clay; 55:10x68:9: Chinese stores;
rents $ 15.
l 'J, ooo— Page, near Gougb.to Rosa aye. ; S7:6x
120: a flats In front and 2 in rear; rents $76.
$14,00.0— Howard, bet. Ist and ad; 41:8x85; 2
houses; rents .$45.
$5000— Leavemvorth and Lotnhard; 40x97:6;
new 'bay-window cottage. 8 rooms and bath ; cash
$1000: balament purchaser's convenleace.
$10,500— Krancjsco.near Siockton; 45:10x137:6;
4 houses and 2 rear houses; 24 rooms: rents $82.
$ll.iiOo— Page, near Octavia: 27x120 to Lily
avß . -,2-st.ory flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths: rents
$60. --.:...•;-:
$10,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6 fine resi-
dence, 12 rooms aud bath. . • . .
Kissling, near 11th and Howard; 47x80;
4 flats. . .
ifSOOO— Howard, near 23d; 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
$8000— Folsom, mar 16th; 60xJ01; 8-story
house: "0 rooms; rcmssss.
$7000— O'Farre!l, n< ar Hydei 23x90; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath: rent $35. -
-s7ooo— near 4th; 25x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc. . •
$7200— Laguna, near California; 30x110; oot-
t:ii:e. 7 roomH and bath.
86500— Mason, near Post; 18x56; 2-story house:
7 rooms and bath: re.nts $31 50. - : .
$6&oo— Mission, near 24th; 21:6x117:8 to an
alley : store and flat above. . ' -
$s'-!00— near l.eaven worth; 43:9x187:8;
two fronf aud one rear bouse; 16 rooms and bath;
rents $16, . • •
$6000— Broderick and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
6000— Francisco ot. and Worden place, near
Stockton; 26x68:6; >story house; butcher-shop
ana "J rooms, ana upper Hat, 6 rooms and bath;
rentiBH9. . .
$1500— Gre-en, pear Laguna; 23:7x100: nice 2-
story bay-window residence; 8 rooms and bath.
$i'.'oO— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6; cottage, 6
rooms and bath.
$1000— Stockton, near Union; 20x57:6 to rear
street; store and lint above; rents 329.
$3800— Vallejo, near Kearriy ; 20x60 through to
Hlnckley alley; 2 flats on Vallejo st», 3 flats on
Hinckley alley; total rent $44.
$3350 — Valle.io and San Antonio, near Kearny;
19:6x67:6: 3-story tlats; rents $25.
$3250— '1& avf., near Clement st.; 25x88:6; new
bay-window cottage; 6 rooms and bath; cash
$1100; balanco easy wrms.
Cottixße — Lorkin. near Chestnut; unobstructed
marinpview; $1200 casn, balance same as rent;
27:6x110.
$3000— Salmon, near Pacific; 20x60 toHimmel-
mm place; front and rear house, 11 rooms; rents
$30.
$3000— Natoma, near Ist; 23x75; 3 flats, 13
rooms; *ents $32. .
$2700— John, near Mason and Jackson; 22:11 x
eO: 2-9 tory flats: 8 rooms: rents $28.
■ $1760— Fairrnount Tract; Arlington, near Ml-
(rnel; 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms. .: '. . • "■:';■■-.■/
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-Bt. railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley. '
$5500-Callfornia. near Hrde; 27:6x137:6.
$4250— Pase; near Laguna; 25x120 to Lily aye.
$1675— 234 and Kansas: 25x100.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th; 60x75. •': '
$2000— 25 th, near Noe; 60x114; will subdivide.
$16O'J— Stanyan, near Grattan; 26x80, increas-
ing to 110 depth. • -
. $1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th? 60x250 through
•toKllen. •
1000— Homestead, near 24th; 60x125; will
subdivide. ' .
$10:>0— E'.lth or Church place, near Dupont st. ;
20x65 to rear street. •
t ooo— Iliuieock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
' $Soo— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
tine road. -'■ ■ ' • - . ■ .
$500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sla; 50x100: will subdivide. .' ■ - .-
(jTqAA i)OWN ' $300 DOWN!
$25 MONTHLY $25 MONTHLY I -j;
Elegant ntw 5-room and bath cottasre : large fin-
ished basement, including level lot, 26x114; 22d
St.; half block from electric road and '4 blocks from
cable line; gas and water pipes In street and elec-
tric lights. .JACOB HEYMAN, owner,
. Room 0, Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
fITjQKA VfCW 3 -ROOM AND HALL COT-
•IpOOU.' tage, with 6-foot basement; hard fin-
ished; Including level lot; near Mission and 30th
sis.; $100 down, balance $10 monthly. JACOB
HKVMAN, room 6, Crocker building. Post and ;
Market sts. -
OOK IT ON FORECLOSURE; 75x140; SUN-
ny corner; 6 rooms; modern; barn; neaps of
flowers; shrubbery; close to school; worth $'J800;
don't want place and but little coin;- terms (T).
Take Berkeley local to Lorin station Sunday; find
A. li. siarn on waiting free carriage.
Kb LEFT: (..RE AT BARGAIN ! .
Cottages just completed; 5 rooms; bath; gas;
high basement; tiled sink; open daily; $3600; easy
terms; 809 shotwell St., near Seventeenth. E. P. ,
K. TROY, owner, 301 California st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES; MARrNE ',
i. view; sunny exposure; Webster st., nr. Vallejo;
open to-oay for Inspection. • . ' .: . '
1 LOTS SOLD LAST WEEK IN THE FRUIT-
.i 1 vale Terminal Tract; prices $100 up; $5 per
month. ■ .
I? OR SALK— ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,
X: done by day's work; salon, parlors: reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden;
stone walks; view Golden Gate Park. 1917 Oak. •
ARGAINS— SI9SO, y% CASH; FOUR-ROOM
JJ cottage near Geary; lot 26x144. $3000— Four
fiats near Folsom st. : rents $30. - Large lot of
Wpstern Addition flats; all prices. J. c.
SCIIARFF. 18 Post St.* . . .. _^ ,
"IV'KW STYLISH COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS, 9 MAN-
■lVtels. basement, barn: fine corner; lot 50x90;
sun all day; eemont walks around the house: one
block from uruv«Mt. electric-cars. Inquire corner
44th aud West s^s., Oakland. / '
<B:1 nf\n : - FINB/ CORNER; 104x100; ON
«IP±LM'U. Cr.l. nnd Nev. R. R. In Berkeley; $50
down, $15 monthly. - —.'':': • ■ .■■
v $350-1 acre hill land; $5 monthly. / . .
: $760— Business lot; 50x100; $10 monthly. •
$200— Lot 25x100; $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st. -
UARGAIN— 2 FINE FLATS; 6 AND 6 ROOMB
JJ and bath; stable; lot 25x137:6. 8»3 and 655
Frederick ■ st.. nr. Stanyan. Apply on premises
from Ito4 r. >i. ■-"-■':' 1 1 '..- . '■•' ' . . '; =: -
(JJlzinOn .VERY CHEAP; D ST. AND SSTH.
«]p-iUUU. ave^j facing the . park; 460x120.
THOMAS MAOEE A SONS, 4 Montgomery st. , .
RIGHT, CHEERY, HEALTHFUL • LOCA-
tion. Frultvale Terminal Tract; lots $160 up. :
_. CITY REAI. ESTATE.
CHEAP;"""- 1 """^"" ~~~~"
fIJIOQAA NICE BAY- WINDOW COTTAGE :
ig)AO\)\J* Jersey st., nr. Diamond: half block
from two car lines; only a small amount .down;
balance same as rent. • ■ . ""• .
<a>99P:A RENT $25; STH AYE., NR. D;
«ip Zj~. O\J. store and rooms in rear lot 25x 120.
<5»£rAA CHEAP BUSINESS PROPERTY:
♦4pUUU\J. cor. Minna and J'ary, close to Sixth;
store and flat; rent $60. .. - •::
ffl»1 Cnn A GREAT BARGAIN; BTH AYE.,
«U? XO\J\J. close to Sutro electric-cars on Clement
St.; cottage; 3 rooms, etc. ; lot 25x120.
•31^9^0, 610 'CLEMENT ST., . BET. 6TH
igiOAOXJ. and 6th; fine new 2-story and base-
ment residence of 10 rooms and bath; lot 26x100;
$1000 cash, balance easy. - .'''--
<Bt A £\f\f\ FILBERT ST., BET. TAYLOR AND
«Jptt«JUU. Jones; 2-story building, containing 2
flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath each. . ,
tf»7CAA BRODERICK ST., BET. EDDY
• tjp I O\J\J. and Turk; lot 32x100, with double
2-story house, 7 rooms and bath each.
ANY REASONABLE OFFER CONSIDERED.
ogrrorrk LEAVENWORTH ST., CLAY;
«D 1&O\J. 2-story bay-window bouse, 9 rooms
and bath: hot-air furnace; splendid marine view; a
great bargain. . • ; ..■ ■
ffljl F.KA VERMONT. BET. 23D AND 24TH;
<©-L«J«JU. close to Howard-st. cars; cottage 4
rooms; lot sxloo. - . •
fKAAA SHOTWELL ST., BET. 22D AND
ijpUV'UU. 23t!; 2-story and basement frame
building of 9 rooms; lot 32:6x122.
■ ■ i. ~ ' I
o£77f:a shotwell st., bet. 17th AND
•pi I *J\J. 18th; 3 nice, bay-window flats of 6, 6
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 29x122:6; rent $50;
mortgage $2500; will exchange for downtown
property and pay difference in cash.
<sK7finn HARRIIiT ST., NR. HARRISON;
«J> t\f\J\J. 3 2-story houses of 6 rooms each;
rents $60; lot 60x75. .
<D>tQP.A DEVISADERO ST., NB.WALIiJCR;
ifIJUOUU. 2-story bay-window residence of 9
rooms and bath ; lot 26x107.
<C£9f\A CALIFORNIA 8T M BET. DEVISA-
Hp\JjLiO\f. dero and Broderick; 2-story and base-
ment bay-wlndOw residence of 8 rooms and bath ;
10t27;«x137:6.
$KOCA BRODERICK ST., BET. BUSH AND
tJPO^i«JV. Pine: nice modern bay-window house
of 8 rooms and bath. ; . . . .
BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
ICHMOND.' " '. '■ : ~
RICHMOND.
RICHMOND. " .
. RICHMOND. • :V
Cheap lots on 25th avenue, Clement street and
Point Lobos avenue; *375 and upward; $50 cash,
$10 monthly. Sutro's new electric road passes the
property. No shifting sand. Call for our printed
list of Richmond property.
(. .' . BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
" . 10 Montgomery st.
Q.O7C $275. 1.
<Jp^i<t). $275. -$275.
South of the Park. SSS§fPs£li
M and O streets.
. 10th und 11th avenues. • ..
$25 cash; $10 monthly. ■
A good speculation. . .'• .
• . - BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
.10 Montgomery at.
ON'T BUY A LOT : ~ '■ ~~
until you have
. seen tno Castro-street Addition.
The cheapes. lots in the city.
Prices $350 to $450. Terms -
S5 cash, $5 monthly. Streets " • ; . -'..
all graded, sewered and
macarlamtzed. Water piped
to every lot. All ready for
building purposes. Good climate,
splendid views. Call at our
office and our agent will go with 1
you and show you the properly, or
tuke the Guerrero-street electric car
(Mission or Valenola transfer at 14th)
and ride Chenery aud Castro streets, .
trar sferring at Thirtieth street. Cars pass the
property. ■
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
t-pOlc/. ~~ RICHMOND. ; $375:
tJpOIU. RICHMOND.
RICHMOND.
RICHMOND. '
Lots on 25th aye., Clement st. and Point Lobos
aye., on the new Sutro Electric Road: prices $375
and upward; terms $50 cash, $10 monthly; the
cheapest lots in the entire section.
Richmond lots all sizes and prices. Send for our
printed list.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
(JjIAA MONTH. I : "
"UP-LVJpnt it aside; put It where It will make
| money: put it where It is safe; put it in the cheap-
est lots south of the Park, 10th and 11th ayes., M
and N sts.; $2/5 each; perfect title; fine views.
,' :" BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
"OEAUTIFULLY LESS.
Not a week passes without a number of sales
being made In the Castro-st. addition. There are
now only a few lots left. If you want a cheap lot
you can't put it off much longer. Better go to-day.
LOTS $350 EACH.
TERMS $5 CASH. $5 MONTHLY.
Streets are all graded, sewered and macadamized.
Water pipes laid. All ready to build on.
Take the. Mission or Valencia st. car. transfer at
14th to Gnerrero-st, Electric road; only 3 or 4
minutes' ride from 30th and Guerrero. Agent on
ground daily, Including Sundays.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
• 10 Montgomery st.
"Si-i'^nn NEW RESIDENCE IN THEMIS
<D*±UVJv/. slon, warm belt; 7 large sunny
rooms; bath and pantry: high basement: all mod-
ern improvements; lot 28x125; street work done;
$2000 can remain on mortgage, or very easy terms
can be arranged. BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st. . . . ,
ffljl AC A DIAMOND ST., CHKNERY;
«Ipi-UtJV. electric cats; new cottege, suitable
for small family: large lot: street work all done;
cash or ensy terms. branch office of BALD-
WIN A HAMMOND, Castro and Chenery sts.
TOHN PJ-ORR, 3^S» MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
, O bftfe Deposit, offers for sale:
$7600— Fine 2-story bay-\vlndow house; McAl-
lister st., Inside of Octavia: 9 rooms and bath;
brick foundation; lot 25x137:6. ■.■.-"
$2000—5 rooms and bath : house, corner 26th st.
and Poplar pla.cu, bet. Valencia st. and San Jose
aye. - t
$4250— Fulton St., near Devlsadero: 2-story bay-
window house; 7 rooms aud bath: lot 23x112.
$60,000— St., near Market; 45x137:0;
2 stores below and 2 . apartments of 9 rooms each
upstairs; always rented. ■
Reduced to $30.500— Northwest corner Mission
and 17th sts.; lot 65x100 feet, with improvements.;
2-story; 3 stores, 3 flats and 2 cottages; rent $200.
$1-,6oo— Valencia- St., south of 16th; 2-story bay-
window house, store and dwelling back and com-
modious flat 7 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 30x88
feet: always rented ; make offer.
$8000— 7 th st., near Brannan; lot 25x75, with
improvements; renting at $30. -
DWELLINGS.
: $6800— Rent $85: lot 46:6x62:6; Jackson st.,
near Mason, with '& houses Qf 11 rooms each; .al-
ways rented. . , ' .. v •
. $3100— A fine cottage, o rooms and bath, on 19th
St., near Castro; on installments without interest.
UNIMPROVED.
BSsoo— Dolores St., near "2d; 26x125.
$800— Noe St., near 30th; lot 36:6x75.
$3500— Fine corner lot 70x110, cor. I st. and 10th
aye., at side entrance to park. -
.-. r >o— 16th aye., bet. C and D sts.; 25x120. '
Corner Fillmore and Germania sts. ; 24x81
$3500— L0t 76x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eurejta
streets; make offer.
T VIEW, NBA R MISSION (INOLESIDE)
JJ electric-cars— Lo:s $10 per month. THE lie-
CARTHY COMPANY, 646 Market st.
flio BANK. DEPOSITORS— B%, 8%, 8%, 8%. ~
Invest a few dollars in the Lemoore ' Land
and Fruit Growing Company, wbioh pays 8 per
cent annum, payable 2 percent every three
months; next dividend payable April 1,. 1896;
shares $10 each, In lots of one share and more.
Room 12, fifth floor, Mills building, S. F.
OTS IN LEMOORE, $40 — ONLY $10
down , balance $1 n week; send for list of cash
prizes giv en to purchasers ; maps free. ■ Lemoore
Land Company, room 12, tilth flour, Mills building,
San Francisco. - . , . : .
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
» REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
"HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT&
. PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots.
fiU7£. TO $300 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
«Ip I• J the park and Grand Boulevard ; $10 down
and $5 monthly. SOL GKTZ A BRO. ■
"flfcOAfT $400, $450, $500 TO $1100; CHOICEST
tlPOv/U. lois nonh aud south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist eve. to 20th aye. and Point
■ Lobos, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges: opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south 1
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ A BRO. .
miAATO $250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
»JriA/v/ Mlsslon-st. and electric car lines: only
$10 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRO.
CALL FOR JtfAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ A BRO., Owners. '
. Boom A, first floor, Crocker building.
■ ■ '. * '• ■ • ■ • :-•;; '...I, ;'
T7»RUITVALE TERMINAL TRACT — LOTS
J? $150 up; $5 cash, $5 per mo.; D. Pratt, Frult-
vale sta. THE McCAKTHY€O., 646 Market, S. F.
<3i"l p;n BUYS first-class impkovh
1 1 • '"-" meets of a chicken ranch; suitable fora
fancier. Particulars I*. M. FISCHER, 646 Thir-
tieth aye., San Bruno road. / ;•; . •• , — «;■_»-....
<U»l CAA.WAXTKD.ON FIRST MORTGAGE;
«Jp luv'lf excellent security; ■ 12 ■ per cent I in-
terest. 410 Kearny st., room 6. - ... . - :
dJ;99;: iFTAKENTTONCE; LEVEL LOT, 1
is)£i£iO block S. of the park. Call at once, 9
Powell St., room 3. ■:■.-'■■-■■:',- - v . '. '■ ■
OR SALEr-BUNNY BAY-WINDOW 7-ROOM
J flat; well furnished. Apply marble-shop, 112
Golden Gate aye.
' CITY REAL ESTATE. •
-<A -..M. SPECK <fc CO. '6> • •
■«•• CHOICE INVESTMENTS. ..
©P;00 CASH, BALANCE IN EABY MONTH-
. f""" ly payments, buys elecant new house of
1 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath aud large
. • lot; in perfect order. . . ■
©^AACASH, BAUNXEOF $2600 SAME
%J<JU\_r as rent, buys business property in Rich-
mond; rent $oi).
©OfWWV KLKGANT NEW 5-ROOM RKSI- '
*E)U\J\J\-1. dence on Leavenworth st. lot 29x91; |
■ ■• fine view. ■
<2»QAAA FOUR FLATS NEAR 9TH AND :
•4PUUUU. Harrison sts.: rents $40.
C»ft9oo HLKGANT, MODERN 8-ROOM |
t\p\Jj-i\J\J m residence on-Bash. near Bncbanan.
Hj;^nr)A klkgant 7'ROOM RESIDENCE
yp*J\f\j\j.- on i'ine St., near Devisadero. I
Ss'^ft 000 BUSINESS CORN ON SUT- .
I <POU.UUU. ter st.. within v few blocks of the
Hotel Pleasanton: lot 58x100. .
•JtCLX 000 BUSINESS. PROPERTY VERY :
W*JO.\J\J\J. near the Baldwin: rents $250.
STOKE.' AND 2 FLATS: RENTS
<iP«J\/V/l/. $80; only a few blocks from the City ,
Hall: must sell. - - .
fit DEDUCED FROM $4800: 2 ELE- :
vpu I \J\J. gant new flats: within a block of 2
car lines: pays 10 per cent.
Gfft^nfi .8 -i;OANTNKW FLATS; RENTS
<Jr>U«JUU. $61; In vicinity of Haight st.
I ' LEGANT NEW FLATS ON
«S> I \J\JV. McAllister st. ...
CQOOO KLEGANT RESIDENCE ON SUT-
<S.O\J\J\J. ter and Hyde.
AN OFFER WANTED FOR "AN ELEGANT
20-room mansion on N. line of Eddy st., near
Frank:in; lot 84.T120 to rear street; building
nearly now: t-ost over $20,U00. '
<2GO 001) CORNER BUSINESS PROP-
ijpUU.UUU. erty, with good improvements, I
within a block of the -Baldwin ; lot 58x75; all
rented.
Q>|lA 000 BUSINESS PROPERTY ON
f lIU.UUU. Market st.; lot 50x165; 2 front-
■ ages ; Inside. " '
<3»99k 000 BUSINEBS CORNER; 137
«JP^^iU.UUU. feet front; vicinity of the Bald-
win : pays 6 per cent. .
.: : -^, < ; x •A. M, SPECK A CO.,
602 Market st.
900 CASH DOWN; $1650; SAME AS
£i\J\J rent; buys nearly new 5-room cottage;
half-block from Market-street cars. SPKCK &
CO., 602 Market st.
CC. BEMIS, ..' r ~~~"~
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
524 MONTGOMERY ST.
' -^i FOR SALE.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
•whole or in subdivisions.
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker St.; Bsx
, 137:6 feet. v
$2000— X. sld" of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet. ' '
, $450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet. V, >:■
.$6700— 127:6 feet on Jackson 3t., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of . 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison St.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— Lot on Duncan st., bet. ISoo and Castro: 25
.xlUfeet. ■•
$8500-Elceant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park. : ■:
1? O R S ALE OB EXCHA FOR SAN
' Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
i_V_Zoe St., city. ■ •
3 FLATS, 13 ROOMS and baths, BAT-WlN-
dow,mantels,etc, built fors32oo; 5-room cottage
and bath. Sl5OO. JaS McCOXAHAY.II49 Mission ;
TO EXCHANGE.
TTiXCHANG^ FOR CITY Ott OAKLAND
XJ property and pay cash difference.
$3500— b"40 acres timber land, close to railroad,
Sbasia County. -
$.Sr,()O— so acres well Improved, near Castroville.
$i:00— 130 acres, near Cloverdale.
$2-' 00— acres, near Santa Rosa, 7 acres bear-
ing-well Improved. • . I. C. SCHARKF,
•■..-- ' • 18 Post St.
I^XCHANGK — TWO LARGE LOTS, ALL
X.J clear, in Moss Tract, near Fruitvale and San
Leandro electric road, for lot in San Francisco; will '
assume small mortgage. Addresi N., box 89, Call
Oflice; no agent.
GOOD RENTING OAKLAND AND BERKE-
VI ley property to exchange i'or land or ranches.
J. U. EPSON, 908. Broadway, Oakland.
T7IORSALE OR TO EXCHANGE FOR GOOD
X' ciear property in California— interest in a
very prosperous manufacturing business near Den-
ver, Colo.; is free from debt; has valuable prop-
erty and making money steadily; the interest of-
fered pays good interest on $20,000; owner com- j
peil(-d to change climate. For particulars call on |
or address HARRY M. MORSE, 906 Broadway, |
Oakland. Cal. .
. AIONEY TO LOAN.
ST & 2D MORTG AGES; INTERESTS^ IN r "ES^
Xtates;lowest rates;no delay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
NY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos; lowest rate; call and
state your proposition or write: open evenings.
■■ - ■ J.'NOONAN, 1021 Mission st.
QF^OO 000 1 ON REAL ESTATK; LOWEST
<jOUt/,UUUratea. A.SCIIULLER.SOB Montgy
MONKY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OK CO
laterals. JAS. K. DAMON. 303 Montgomry st,
OANS ON REAL ESTATE: IST OH 2ND
1 mortgages, furnitur* or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
araonnt: lowest rates. BKCKKR. 240 Montgomery.
"PRIVATE PARTY WILL LOAN' ON GOOD
X security. X.. box 23, this oflice.
"VfORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR- '
iX rants. SALOMON* C 0. ,328 Montgomry,r.2l4. j
AKLAND LOANS ON REAL ESTATE;
first mortgages secured on short notice: cur-
rent rates of interest. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
ONEY TO LOAN; PRIVATE. 410KBARNY
S,t., room 6. ■ •
OANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
J city or country: furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 83. Chrouiele building.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY, ETC
Columbia Loan <tt Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT; IST, iID or 3D MORTGAGES;
jCX estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
N FURNITURE OR PIANO BY PRIVATE '
party; low Interest; strictly priva;«_ 215 Powell.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
11 Market st., or. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT FROM Us" ON YOUR FURNITURE |
or piano; noremovul; no delays; no commis- •
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri- '
vate pfllce rm. 68, Donohoe build's, 1170 Market sc. '
r A VMiBOB £BS.
A~~T 12CT KEABNY ST.." "ROOM 9— MONEY '•
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri- j
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap. ■ !
IaJiAiNOIAL.
r 6 w LOAir^N"TiFiriNsuFr- , .
♦IP i.\J\J .\J\J\J ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
: LITZ, 330 Pfne. : - - . ;
MERCHANT WANTS $2000 FOR 1 OR 2
years at 10 percent., on $13,000 security,
$7000 insurance; Al reference: full investigation.
Address Business, ' Call Branch, Sixteenth and |
Mission sts. ; »>-
OANS ON IST AND 2D MORTGAGES AND
life insurance policies:- low rate of interest:
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st.
— — —-— - I>lCA "^~ -;
ALL F E^i A £ E~~IRR UL ARIVIES R E- !
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; home in con- i
rineme"t: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
ET FAT; USE TISSUE TABLETS; THK V :
increaKO your wehjht H to 5 pounds a month. '
DR. CARPENTER, 1170 Market St., w. F.
IJLKSSINGTO LADIES SUFFKRINI-t FROM j
•X> female troubles peculiar to their sexes; our !
treatment never falls to cure a single case: beware '
of irauds; come direct to Womau's Dispensary. 14
McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank; consult freo
DR. and MR.S. DAVIKS; home in confinement;
French Female Pink l'ills. .. . .. '
NEW PROCEHS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU i
ments or worthless pills used; every woman !
her Own physician for all female troubles, no mat- '
ter from 'what ■ cause; restores always in one day; .
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician ;knowledse eaa be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
J CHICHKSTKK'S ENGLISH PKN-
-J ■nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best; '
safe, reliablo ; take no other; send 4c. stamps for •
particulars, '-Relief for Ladles," In letter by retnrn :
mail; at drugcists. Chlchesier Chemical Com-
pany. Philadelphia, Pa. .
ADIES, OO.NSULT FUKK MRS. DR. SCOTT. |
216 Powell st. ; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eye treated. I
. A HOME, A FRIEND AND MuTHEK'S CARE; I
-cl- bou3ekfieplne apartments; strictly private. I
MRS. DX. PUNKE, 1416 Eighth 3t., Alameda. . ■
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS- A BOON TO
Xjl ladies troubled nlth irregularities: no danger;-
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too lale. OSGOOD BKOS., Oakland, Cal.
OfCZEaiA. rheumatism, asthma; Tiair f
XU grown on hald heads, and other chronic diseases ,
treated at 1207 Market St., rooms 2 and 3 ; German :
spoken. -■;■■,.. ■ ■ >
MRS. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE; DISEASES OP 1
the womb a specialty. 230 Clara' 6t-, nr. Fifth. '
RS. AND DR. HERWIG, PRIVATE. CON- i
rinenipnt home: ' good care and attendance ;
prices reasonable. 710 Ellis s:. .. ■ j
I\R, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR i
X/;jones.> Diseases of women and children. •-
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of n'omeu and restores all cases of lr- '
regularity in one dny, guaranteeing a cure or no '
charsce; separate home for patients; best skill;
medical attendance:, low. toes; regulator, $2.
1370 Market.- .- - ; .,-■..•■ . ■--■■
T ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA !
XJ ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: n'-veriail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drutstqrc, 14 EUis st.,'
formerly cor. Market Third sts.. sole agents, j
: A . SURK CURK FOR ALL FEMALE DIS- '
'Jrv 'eases, from whatever 'cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction euax- 1
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYKK. 21i6 Turk st. j
MRS. DR. WKGENKR: PRIVATE HOME IN !
confinement; irregularities cured in a taw
hours without operation; pills $2.'. 419 Eddy st. ■-.
IF IRRKGULAR Olt ANY FEMALE DISEASE !
X •cc Mxs. Dr. Puetz and be - content. ■ *54Va 4th, !
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
:';: OAKLAND KKAL KSTATE.
1299^A RENTS $10 PER MONTH: MUST
i®Zj±iO\J. besolii tefr.re March 1: S-stcry boild-
ing; store und rooms : to.ta^e In rear; mate street
In Oakland; one block irom 10-al trr.iit. Api.ly
Immediately WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 160 El»htn
6t., Oakland. : .
®> O Z.f\(\ FO R EXCHANGE - 2 -STORY
<ITO«_»U\J. house; lot 50x100: well located.
ALDKNjfc GARFIELD, 902 Broadway. ■
TTOW TO LIVE LONG. BREATHE THE
XX pure country air; 20 minutes' ride on th.-
Hay AHr.is electric car from Oakland: a house of 3
rooms and 10. 200x150. all fenced; chicken-house,
coopi and chickens; frefe of debt: price $140>;
wl 1 sell on easy terms or exchange for bay prop-
erty. Address 365 Orchard St., Oiikland.
CHICKEN RANCH; 6 ACRKS; KIGHT IN
V- town of Walnut CreeK, Contra Costa County;
houaeandbarn; $soo. C. K. KINO. 902 Broadway.
i)U ACKES, SANTA CLARA IUUXTY, AT
£i\J WarHtOKa; 21) acres, fruit; house and barn;
$5750; $800 cash, balance in trade.
Lot on Grove st. and Plymouth aye., Oakland;
60x116; very cheap. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
©7^o HOUSE AND LOT IN OALKAND"
Jp I OV. city. ALDKN <t OAUFIEi.D, 9U'2
Broadway, Oakland.
AYE A HOME BUILT OX YOUR OWN
plans: "Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda: easy
terms; wont to exchange choice oranj;.- lands for
vacant lots: land free and clear: will assume KKne
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland.
ajH 9 . r; no A sightly AND beautiful
isDX4j.U\>\J. corner; house 14 rooms: haths; all
modern; lot 150 feet front; 4 feet above street
grade: street work, stone walks, sewers, gas,
complete; surroundings beautiful; remember,
the house is given away; the whole corner
goes *for $1000 less than the cash value of the
land alone: must be sold this month; only three
blocks from Fourteenth and Broadway and the
Narrow-gaug<» depot. • •
$2500— CASH VALUE— S3SOO.
Fine corner, 100x100; cottage 6 rooms; bath; In
good condition; street work and Improvements
complete; convenient to business center, on one of
the main thoroughfares; remember, only $400
cash, balance mortgage; first to come gets tho
bargain. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway.
Q> | 00 CASH AND *-0 PER MONTH WILL
wJ- W secure a new 5-room cottage; large lot;
close to station and electric cars; price $1800.
W. c. MORAX. Lorin station, Berkeley.
©KAAA NEW HOUSE; 9 ROOMS AND
tjpUV/V/vr. stable; cornerlot; 50x130; sontbeast
corner Eighth aye. and Kast Twentieth St., Oak-
land. Inquire next door above. ;- . --j -,
©IAA LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
«IPJLv*J. come to-Uay. ■ LODGE <fc POWELL.
<&9A MONTHLY .FOR 6-ROOM COTTAO&1;
i&-J\J plans free. F. BOEfiLE. Golden Gate stain.
<fcl RO LOTS NEAR THE ALTKNHEIM IN
«*DXOv. Fraitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
■nd $1 a week; selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY .owner. 902 V.roadwnv. Oakland.
| OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OR RENT-IN OAKLAND; NEW 7-ROOM
house, with bath; fine neighborhood: centrally
located; 1 minute's walk from local train; price
$30, including water. Inquire room 12, Chronicle
building, 8. F. • _■ - -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAIIKDA KKAL KSTATE.
<Gi9900 **° CASH, $22 60 MONTHLY; 5
i±i\J\J* rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage. . . •
$2400— cash: $20 monthly; 37:6x100: ne?r
cot t are. • . ' • .
$3000— 850 cash; 830 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottase.
$3250— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath. . « .
53500— 5300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath. '
. MAKCUSB & KEMMEL, Bay-st. sintion, Ala-
meda and 628 Market St.. ..-an Francisco.
BKKhELJKV KliAl, KSXATE.
YOU SEE~THEY ARE BOOMING STOOK-
X ton, but any sane person prefers "Perktley the
beautiful." Look at this: A new 9- room house,
near 'university, street work all done, and only
$3200. JOS. J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
E OFFER A FINE LOT ON HASTE ST.
for $1000: one on Hilgard. ne*r U. C, for
$800, both with street work done; alao one near
North Berkeley station, $400. O. G. MAY & CO.,
Center st., Berkeley. ■ : -
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KKAL KSTAUf. . * "
INE^PROPERTY^ ~-^^^>~
FOR SALE AT LOW PRICES.
JAM£S A. CLAYTON & CO.,
LAND AGENTS, SAN JQ3E.
PROFITABLE ORCHARD ADJOINING THE
X city of San Jo9e; 40 acres; soil 20 feet; 10 acres
prunes, this year's crop- sold Vor $2500; 10 acres
peaches, this year's crop was heavy, 45 tons from
3 3-7 acres, trees 30 feet apart; 10 acres fine apri-
cot orchard that yields heavy; balance in cherry
trees; price $32;500.
1 07 ACRES VALLEY LAND SOUTH OF SAN
Xv I . Joy:; sood land; orchards adjoining; house
5 rooms, barns, etc • scattering oak trees: there is
an orchard of about 12 acres In bearing; this prop-
erty is finely located; convenient to railroad sta-
tion und school : price $125 per acre; no objection
to taking ban Francisco property in trade if same
is improved and unincumbered.
1 fifk ACRES IN FOOTHILLS, NEAR CON-
XUv/ gres3 Springs: IS miles from San Jose-; 100
acres nearly level: about 12 acres fruit trees, apri-
cots and prunes, 1 and 4 years ola: about 20 acres
grapns; tUe soli is good; small house and barn;
good springs; this property belongs to savings
bank: anxious to sell: will give 5 years' time, easy
payments and reduced price; $400 U.
5 ACRES ADJOINING THE CITY OF SAN
*J Jose; frontage on 3 roads; house 5 rooms, barn,
etc.; flowing well: choice land: $4000. • wT -
8 ACRES 3 MILES FROM SAN JOSE; LEVEL
land; one-quarter mile from car line; $150 per
acre. >. . . ..'
"1 p. 5 ACRES LEVEL LAND, 8 MILES FROM
-LOB San Jose; cheap; terms half cash; $1675.
5 ACRES OX McLALGHLIN AYE., NEAR
O the city: $1275. - . .'
ftO,*; ACRES, 5 MILES FROM MILPITAS. 12
UO«J> miles from San Jose: hill land; 500 acres
cultivated for hay and gram. 14 acres old' orchard;
ranah is well watered; large springs; . house 8
rooms; lar^e barn: price $.J5 per acre. .
9O ACRES ORCHARD IN FULL BEARING*;
*- v" prunes 18 acres, apricots 2 acres: near the
•city: $11,000. . . '
ORCHARDS NEAR SAN JOSE ARE THE
most productive io the State.
"I ACRE IMPROVED, NH<AR SAN JOSE;
X convenient to electric car line; house 6 rooms;
good well: $1700. . ' _V-.M'- S
\\rE Have the finest roads and
if schools; Santa Clara Valley is the place to live.
JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO., Land Agents,
. . Established over 25 years.
- 16 Wes: Santa Clara st., San Jose. . '
SantaTclara county PROPERTY
for sale or .exchange for city property; large,
residence," well furnished; beautiful grounds;
large oaks; suitable lor gentleman's home, semi-
nary or summer boarding; with 160 acres or less;
stable, two cottages, outhouses, pavilion, bored
well, windmill, borse-power, tanks, farming Imp'e-
ments,, wagons, horses, cows, pisrs,. chickens; 30
acres fruit trees, 2. 3 and 7years; 70 acres in wheat
and barley. For price and further particulars apply
K. McCURRIE. offlcp Lloyd Tvvlg. Mills hldg.s. X
STOCKTON ADVERTISEMENTS
STOCKTON KEAL KSTATE.
rpcfriTE TirOME^REEKER^ J *~T?^ ~~
X We are authorized to sell lots of 10 acres or
more In the great' MURPHY HOMESTEAD, be-
tween s«n Jose and Stanford University.
This Is absolutely first-class orchard. land, the
kind that pays $2t)o to $400 per acre annual in-
come when in bearinir; price $200 per acre.
Never before offered so low; only $200 secures
10 acres for H years, with interest on- balance at 7
cent per annum. ; ,
, We respectfully ask the home-seeker to Imme-
diately investigate this land. It is alongside a
railroad soon to become an. overland route. Fur-
thermore, it Is the richest land In the State. ' The
topography of the tract Is beautiful, with large oak
trees dotted hero and there. .'-■■ ■
Carriages ready to convey parties free to and
from the land. Send for catalogues.
WOOSTER <fc WHITTON, " i '
,7 West Santa Clara st.,
Pan Jo-ie, Cal.
IIiOAL SOTICKj. . \
NOTICE — NOTICE IS HEREBV^oivKN
,ai that there are funds lv the tieasury to redeem
bonds Issued on levee district No. 1 of Sutt r
County, CaJ., according to an act of the Legisla-
ture approved April 9. 1880, as follows, to wit:
Bond No. 106, $500; bond No. 105, $300: bond
No. 104, $500; bond No. 103, $500: bond No. 102,
$500; bond No. 101, $500; bond No. 100. $.->00;
bond No. 99, $500; bond No. 98. $500; bond No.
97, $500, and <bond" No. 94, $500; and that at the
expiration of thirty days from tljo date of this uo-
tice, if said bonds are not , presented for redemp-
tion, the interest thereon will cease, from and
after which time no interest shall b: allowed oa
said bonds. . ; ... L. COPE.
Treasurer of SuttPr County, Cal.
Dated, Ynba City. February 10, 1898.
DE PARTMKNT NO. 9, PKOJJA'IE— IN TliK
U Superior Court in and for thp City and County
of San Francisco, State of California: In the mat-
ter of . the estate of ANNE GILL, sometimes
known as' ANNIE GILL, deceased— Notlca Is
hereby given that MONDAY, tbe 17th flay. of
February, A. D. 1896, at 10 o'clock a. M.'of said
day, and the courtroom, of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the New City Hall, in the City and
County of San t'rnnclsco, Mate of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving
the Will of said ANNK GILL, sometimes. Known
asANNtE GILL, deceased, anil for hearing the
application of MAI'.Y GILL for the issuance to her
Of letters testamentary. <' ' -
Dated February 1, A. D. 1896.
• CHARLKS F. CURRY, Cleric. -
By V. F. Northrop, Deputy Cleric,
■ J. E, McElboy, Attorney for Petitioner.
1112
nor«ES T(W.FT. __^^
oqqf^h/ixJx^T^CkT^^ SUNNY ROOMS
D^iJj and bath, $35: 1137 Guerrero— rooms, j
bath. $20: 1014 Valencia St.— s rooms, bath, $20;
124 Fifteenth St., near Howard— 6 rooms, bath,
520; 929 Natoma st.— 6 rooms. $16: 105 Diamond
Bt.— cottage 5 rooms, $16; corner .Kearny and
Chestnut-8 rooms, line view, $15. W. 11. CRIM
A CO., lIS Montgomery st.
OUSE7 KOOMSAND.BATH: LAR.G BASE-
ment; modern plumbing; laree barn and out-
houses; $'-'"k wa'.er extra; electric cars pass the
house. 2728 Bryant aye., near Twenty- St.
Apply to G. H. i'.mi'.skn _ CO., 14 MLontgomery.
ODERN HOUSE OF 11 BOOMS. BESIDES
kitchen, wine-cellar, sioreroom, etc.: garden
front and rear; sun all day: location sheltered:
superb marine view; 10 minutes' walk to center of
city; convenient to cars: don't tail to inspect this
house before making a selwtion: rent reasonable.
P. J. KENNKDY. U Montgomery st. .
C*O') £n HOUSE BROOMS. BATH; MOD-
«*)O_.oU.eru. 1 7.23 Clay, near Van Xess aye.
399 FU LTON— HOUSE OF -8 ROOMS AND
— — bath on sunny Bide of street. ' :
SUNNY ROOMS UPSTAIRS, 99: S LARGE
rooms downstairs, $8. 30 Silver St., apply in rear.
TSIIEAPEST HOUSE IN CITY; 8 ROOMS;
V,' bath; modern, $20. 634 V:; Valencia st.,near
Seventeenth. '
(1A M ARY'.NR.FIFrII AND MISSION— 3 XICE
— " ' rms., double parlors, $12 50; al«0 4 rms., *15.
TKOi\ TAYLOR— IO SCXNY' ROOMS, BATH.
IOJ. U Apply -flg9 Broadway, near Taylor.
OUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BASEMENT. 17
Linden aye., near Van Xess.
Q A "50 FOLSOM-XICE HOUSE, B ROOMS
>•>''• and bath; gooa yard. McEWJSN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st. '
9Q TWENTY-THIRD, NEAR HAMPSHIRE—
_ O 6 rooms, bath; yard; rent $17.
1 AQA MISSION— SUXXY' SIDE BAY-WIN-
X\JO\J dow house of 10 rooms.
91 1 GEARY— HOUSE OF n ROOMS AND
ZIXX bath; rent reasonable; key at 217%-
-<£ OH ROOMS: MOD N CONVENIENCES;
♦_•)'". tine neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant aye
>71 AND 73 SHIPLEY ST.— AXD 5 ROOMS;
i 1 $12.
r.IQ ELEVEXTII AYE., COR R. R. AYE.;
O-LC** 10 rooms, barn and stable. XICOL, 534y 2
California st.
BABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN ifc
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery s:.
furnlshkd HOISES.
qVi- bestT-urnished^rooii : COTTAGE
r^ — •>. In the city; private home; to-day 10 to 4.
605 Diamond St.
"L^OR SALE OR FOR RENT— ELEGANT 7-
JT room flat; a bargain.. Apply after 4 p. m.,
825 Geary st.
J7»TTR N IS 1 1ED HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND
. bath; 10 Octavia st. Apply 135 Kearny st. <
UNNVri'FI FLAT: FOUR NEWLY FUR-
nished rooms: cheap. 527% Geary stl, rear.
COTTAGES TO LET.
cl 1 r. 1 1 SMALL COTTAGE. S TAY ST.,
0 1 1 .t)v. near corner Cl ay aud Powell.
1 ROOMS ANDBATH; BASEMENT! FLOWER
X garden, etc. 715 Eighteenth st.
UNNY' COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; BaTH; GAS.
1119 Vallejo St.; $16.
Q.Q COTTAG U, . S ROOMS, ON PROSPECT
*_ ' '• aye. Inquire 75 California aye., nr. Mission.
XQ NATOMA— NICE SUNNY COTTAGE 4
O'JO rooms and bath: large yard: rent moderate.
1 OTTAGE-4 SUNNY' l:ooM>: BASEMENT;
" larse yard; chicken-house: water free: rent
$10. 31 Harptrst.. south of Thirtieth, IV2 blocks |
from Twenty-ninth st. electric-cars.
nOTTAGE, NEARLY NKW, 5 ROOMS. B.\TH : I
\J latest improvements: rlue barn: stable: yard
planked. 828 Hampshire sU, near Twenty-Mrst.
9 sunny BAY-WINDOW MODERN COT-
— tages; 4 and 5 rooms: reasonable. 726 Fulton.
4-ROOM COTTAGE; BIG ARD: FRONT GAR-
den. 1012 Hampshire st., near Twenty-second.
O LET— COTTAGE IN BAUSALITO:
good location; Sue v;ew:-larse flower carden;
6 rooms: r»>nt reasonable. WILL E. FISHER it
CO., 14 Post st.
QUNNY COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; HALL AND
10 basement: large yard and chicken-house. 121
Eureka St., bet. Eichteenth and Nineteenth: Cas-
tro cable or Elghteenth-st. electric
SUNNY BAY-WIXDOW COTTAGE FLAT OF
C> 6 large -rooms and bath. 5-10 Fifteenth St.,
near Dolores. MFH
/• Nli '!-.. CLEAN COTTAGES: $11 TO $15 TO
U good tenants. SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market st.
I^LEGAXT COTTAGE: 43H SEVENTH 5
J rooms; bath, gas, basement, yard: $20: fine
cottai;p. 4 rooms, etc., $16 959 Harrison st.
tLATS TO IiET.
t- 1 - SEVENTEENTH— UJPFErT^ ROOmS!
Ui I bath : $20 00
•jvjb Howard— Lower; sroo'ms.batb 20 00
2ilB Mission— Upper: 6 rooms, bath........ 22 50
207 "jond.— Upper; 7 rooms 18 00 j
134 Thirteenth— Lower; 4 rooms, bath 16 00-
II McLea court— 4 rooms, bath 15 00
4H7 : j| Furton— Upper; 4 pleasant rooms 15 00
4231/2 Mississippi— Lower: 4 rooms, bath... 14 00
19 billot park— Upper: 4 rooms 13 00
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery St.
ART tES WISH ING TO RENT A HOUSE OR
J. llat call at O FABriiELL & CO.'S, 11 Montgom-
ery st.
Ql Q HAIGHT— SUXXY' UPPER FLAT; 1
•*1 rooms and bath; rent reasonable. BOVEE,
TOY <fc SONXTAG. • . .
*< I Z\ ~\(\ ELKGANT FLAT; 5 ROOMS,
I it.OV. bath; modern. 113 Bernard; key
1216 Pacific.
T^ROOM XEW MODERN "UPPER FLAT; A
• fine garden. 2617 Pine st.
XTEW FLAT OF SIX ROOMS AXD BATH;
-l->rentsl9. 1318 V 2 Guerrero st.
I^LEGAXT LOWER FLAT; 1205 GOVGH ST.,
-i bet. O'Farrell and Geary sts. '
QUNNY FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AXD BATH.
O 205% Gurrero St.; rent $20; key 439 Four-
teenth st.
Q] 9 CONVENIENT 4-ROOM FLAT: BASK-
<pl_ . ment. 929 Xineteenth sU, cor. Hartford.'
\ E\V FIAT OF 7 KOOMS. 552 CHURCH ST.,
-l> cor. Hancock, near Eighteenth; rent $35.
7^ UERRERO AND TWENTY-FOURTH ST.,
" * 7 new sunny rooms; bath; stone baseroent;
pood water; $18.
QI E FLAT ROOMS: BATH. 1909 GEARY
X O . street. _
"q"1 (| UPPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS. 109
O'"' Oermanla st. Apply grocery Waller and
Fillmore. '
T OWER FLAT: 4 ROOMS AND BATH; MA-
XJ rine view and close to cars; modern improve-
ments. 1121 Filbert st.
AQ CLARA-4 ROOMS: FURNISHED OR UX-
riO furnished; with bath.
TVTEW FLAT OFSRMS.; MODERN IMPROVE- •
-Li ments; rent $1.6. Bluxome st., near Fourth.
♦_> ROOMS AN ! 1 A T II." 409 TUIRTEENTH
0 st., above Valencia. .-: ' . - ■
<\ {) SUXXY^FLAT. 637 MINNA ST.
"VTEW St NNY 5-ROOSI FLAT; BATH; STA-
J-> tionary tubs. ' 42 Caselll aye., neor Douglas.
■yiODEKN DECORATED 5-ROO^I FLAT; SUN
1»J all day. 916 Capp st., near Twenty-fourth.
/CORNER TWELFTH AND HOWARD BTS.— '
V^ sunny bay-window flats, 7 and 5 rooms, and
bath. No. 1555.
VI.aT; 1 ROOM 8; BATH; REXT REDUCED.
T 221 Laorel aye., off Van Ness, near Eddy,
I.ILATS 4 XICE, LARGE ROOMS; RENT REA-
- 60tiablc. 444 Clementina st., near sixth.
QI Q. SUNNY FLAT. 6 ROOMS, BATH. 23
O-LO* Birch aye., off Larkin st.. bet. Grove and
Fulton.
n- FILLMORK— 6 X'ICE SUNNY ROOMS,
i '£ bath ; cheap, to good tenant.
1 WEBSTER— 3 NICE FLATS, 5 R.t BATH,
-I-tt 4 r., bath, 3 r. ; rent cheap to good tenants.
FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 11 HLWOOD ST.,
oft" O'Farrell, near Mason.
41: -o.M- A Nl> -BATH. 304 LILY AYE.;
tt oivner. 111 Van Ness aye.: rent $15.
"Q 1 - LOWER BAY-WIXDOW FLAT; 4
♦n)J.«J. rooms and bath, pantry, stationary tubs,
hot and cold water; basement and yard. 233
Chattanooga st., neur 24th; cars pass the oor.
1 "PPER PART OFHOUSE: .'. ROOMS; LARGE
vJ yard: modern Improvements; reasonable rent.
1119 Xebraska st.
qu.nny BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 1704 wXbh-
O ington, near Polk; ti rooms and bathroom: reut
f27 60.
©97 PvA ELEGANT UPPER FLAT; 7
<£>^ I .UV. large sunny rooms and bath. 2219
Suiter st. ;■ ;.;.'-.
CJi o AXDSI4-1124AND1110STEVENSON,
<jpXO neariierman; nice Hats: cheap rent.
CHEAP RENT; $14. WITH WATER; NICE
VJ flat 5 rooms, bath. 641 Valencia.
p AY-WINDOW FLAT; 1625 CLAY, NR. POLK:
X) 7 rooms and bnthroom; rent $25.
AY-WINDOW FLAT; ~ 5 LARGE SUXNY
roomg, b»th. 117 Perry, near Third; $14.
Q9/\ 1425 a SACRAMENTO, NEAR HYDE:
• «J)^JV/. upper fiat & sunnyrooms aud bath.
QIO MODER N ,~SUXNY. UPPER, CORNER
<P-LO. flat; 6 rooms; bath; stable. 1232 18lh st.
I^IRST FLOOR-4 ROOMS; LARGii YARD;
' unfinished basement: $16: clean and in'eooa
repair; quiet, attractive, private street. DEMP-
KTEK, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st, .
A FINE FLAT OF SIX ROOMS AND BATH;
IOVs Louisa st,. near Fourth: rentsl4; water
ree; one month's rent free to good tenant. SUAIX-
WALD. BUCKBEE <fc CO., -1H Montgomery st.
9Aq7^KAKERST., BET. WASHINGTON AXD
iiuOl Clay — Elegant new modern very sunny :
flat; next to a large vacant lot; 6 rooms and bath; ■
very choice borbood; .-( car lines; $27 50.
' WILL K. FISHKR & CO., 14 Post st.
FOUR MODERN FLATS NKAR THE PAKkI
five room and bath; rent $15 to .$2O. . Key it
premises, 1909 McAllister st.. or 529 Frederick:
\7"EKY FIXE sUNNY FLAT; 8 LARGE
V rooms and bath; nil latest improvements.
713 Grove su • /.
FLATS TO Continued. "
7T9 OCTAVTA^ N McXILIST
*X£j Lovely flat; 7 rQoms, bath; latest mprove-
ments; brick basement.
AAX HAVES— FINE VIEW OF THE CITY;
X\J\JO sunny upper flat; G rooms and bath.
KNisinn FLAT; 6"r6"«Jms"and BATH:
JC pinno. Inquire 704 a O'Farrell St., 9 to 11,3
to b. • • ; ,
UNNY TWO AND THREE ROOM FLATS.
0 202 Grove St., corner Van Ness aye.
PPER FLAT: 7 LARGE SUNNY' ROOMS
> and bath. 827 Hayes st. '
"L"<LAT— 4 ROOMS, BATH, GAS: YARD;
Jl cheap rent. 420 Lilly aye.
(j>9rv NEW, CHOICE 6 SUNNY ROOMS;
*lr — I", bath; modern improyemts. 1708b Hyde.
1/I.AI ti KOOMS A.XD BATH. 119 WILLIAM
I st., near Post and Taylor. Inquire 729 Kllis st.
■\J OST DESIItAIiLK FLa 1 oT 7 KtAJ.kiS,
ii with bath and all modern Improvements;
1C35 JSushsU; rent $30. MADISON & BURKE,
ugents. ■
|>ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
«-> Contented; flat rented from BALDWIN *.
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
J^LAT.S TO SUIT— BT;sT PART OF CITY;
central, convenient. saiynmento St.,
below Mason; sunny. Apply32oSansomest.,rm.4.
VEAII CITY' iIALL— 2 SUNNY FLATS: 5
— •"■■l 6 rooms.: $21. 525. 147 and 713 Grove
A/.i--K\ i-li>E FLAT; 7 KOOMS: LARGE
> yard: low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
HOI>KRKEPLN(i KOO3IS.
. Bntunan Street.
BRANNAN-2 ROOMS UNFURNISHED
1— — for housekeeping. _■'. -> i
-":.;<:.. I'.ush Street. .
£9C BUSH— 2 FURNISHED, SUNNY ROOMS
\J±*U for housekeeping; rent moderate.
Capp Street.
1 f)AX CAPP-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
X\J\JV room for light housekeeping; bath.
Clay Street.
O» 1 9 3 FINE SUNNY ROOMS WITH YARD. '
<g)l^. 2419 Clay st.. near Fillmore.
Etldy Street."
1 9AA EDDY-NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
-L^V/ keeping rooms.
t>AQ EDDY— s U NN V FURNISHED ROOM;
O\JO also one for light housekeeping; reasonable.
Elgin-Park. •
"1 91 ELGIN PAKK— JUNCTION VALENCIA
-1-— <2 and Market— Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing; reasonable. ftfTSSi sHT^ji
Ellis street.
7A£ ELLIS-2 SUNNY FRONT SUITES, 3
* \.'\J rooms each: nicely furnished.
. l-'illmore Street.
991 A 1 FILLMORE— SUNNY FyRNISHED
. — '— x -ii rooms complete for housekeeping; 3 or
! 4, with kitchen, rea>onaole.
I'ulsoiii Street.
'I 1 FOLSOM— CONNECTED FURNISHED
U.L-L roon<s for housekeeping, with bath.
TWU HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS FURNISHED
•1 complete: separate yard and use of bath; rent
10. BJJS Folsom street.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW SUITES UXFUR-
O nished, suitable for business or housekeeping;
bath: running water; $10 up. 1241 Folsom St.,
corner Ninth. ' "
. • fourth -Street.
99X FOURTH-FU RNISHED ROOMS SUIT- '
— ,— <J able for lighl housekeeping; also aingie.
,|OX FOURTH — LARGE FRONT SINGLE
iOt) and housekeeping rooms; $6 to $10.
Ueary. st eet.
91 Q GEARY'— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
_ X O suite; also single an 1 for light hkpg.
Af\A oeary— l. %a OR 4 HOUSEKEEPING ;
•ztU"! rooms, furnished or unfurnished, cheap.
0 A J G E A R V — 2 SUXXY ROOM.S: FUR-
kjVJX nished or unfurnished: bay-window; man-
tel; elegant new corner ilat.
Golden date Avenue. !
907 GOLDEN GATE AYE. - FURNISHED 1
—• > i housekeepg sunny rooms: rent reasonable.
Harrison street.
1 fil 0 HARRISON ST., NEAR. TWELFTH—
X 1-\J 5 sunny rooms for housekeeping; rent $10.
■ Howard Street. '• \r-"'
rpWO FRONT ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING:
X reut cheap. 5251/2 Howard st.
m.> HOWARD-2 SUNNY FROXT FUR-
•j nished housekeeping rooms; range; bath;
$15.
1 gi f; howard-3 unfurnished ROOMS ;
lOlu bath, laundry, yard; no children.
! 14Q1 HOW ARD— 3 SUNNY' ' RNISHED
-LTtOJL rooms for housekeeping.
Ivy Avenue.
OAQ IVY AYE., NE\R FRANKLIN ST.—
O\JU Nice furnished sunny room and kitchen for
an honest working girl ; rent $4 ; references.
Jessie Street.
(\Z A JESSIE— FLOOR 3 NICE ROOMS; UN-
\JU\J furnished: yard; cellar; rent $12.
McAllister Street.
oa a McAllister— nicely furnished !
«J-±< 1 room for housekeepin g.
"->AA McALLI&TKK r-T—3 SUXXY UNJTUR-
Oil nished rms: housekeeping; water; gas; $12.
1 ftOI MCALLISTER— OR 3 SUXXY BAY-
lU'.il window rooms furnished finely for house-
keeping; cheap.
: ... 3ligslon street.
£./"•! MISSION, NR. SRCOND-FRONT ROOM
t)UI and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
91 MISSION, ROOM I^hUNNY H.OUSE-
Oi-1 keeping rooms, $5 and up.' '"'.■'
Q. 17 MISSION— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED HOUSE-
uiI keeping rooms.
1 O9( \ MISSION, XEAR . NINTH — LARGE
_LO— furnished sunny front bay-window house-
keeping rooms: $8 to $10 a month.
) 7 » ) 1 mission —L A E UN V FRONT
— : t — "i* room in private family; grate, gas, run-
ning water, bath, closets connecting room; com-
plete ior housekeeping; no children.
.N:it<nii-i Street.
Q-| NATOMA — FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
Ol rooms furnished, $2 a week, for respectable
family.
Q1 71 NATOMA, NEAR TENTH— 2 SUNNY
'OX I a housekeeping rooms.
Octavia Street.
O1 A OCTAVIA— 2 SUNNY' FRONTBAY-WIN-
OXi dow rooms; famished or unfurnished.
Of arreil Street.
090 O'FARRELL — 4 NICE ROOMS FOR
yj^iO housekeeping; call 9 to 12.
Polk Street.
1 A(\Ql POLK-FLOOR OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
-LttV/Ua newly furnished; bath, gas; aduits;
housekeeping. .
' ' ' Post Street.
Q99 POST-2 VERY NICELY FURNISHED
U4J4J rooms for light housekeeping.
fcixtli S r«et.
1 9A SIXTH— HOUSEKEEPING, SINGLE OR
X— v en suite: private.
Seventh Street.
1 49 SEVENTH -LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
xizj rooms: also single or en suite; suitable for
ado tor. . * ■
' ;;:: T; South ParK.
I ft SOUTH PARK-2 SUNNY CORNER BAY-
X\J window housekeeping rooms; other rooms
cheap.
Stevenson Street.
KAOIPTEVENSOX-2 ROOMS, FURNISHED
U\JKJ2 for homekeeping; separate entrance. • -.
butter Street,
709 BUTTER-CO7.Y. SUNNY AND COM-
' «-*—^ fortable housekeeping rooms: all conven-
iences; select, but reasonable. ...
Tenth Street. ~
"I 1 Q TENTH— TWO LARGE FRONT HOUSE-
XXO keeping, complete; piano: grate; cheap.qn
Thirteenth Streot. •
O9ft THIRTEENTH, BET. .MISSION AND
*.)-j\J Valencia— 2 nice sunny connecting rooms,
# furnished comnlete for housekeeping, .with porch
and large yard; rent reasonable.
* ' Twelfth Street.
I A?\ TWELFTH, COR. HOWARD— NICELY
111) furnished housekeeping rooms.
Twenty-sixth Street.
ml TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION-2
-L L»J:; sunny suites; housekeeping rooms; nicely
furnished; $10 and $11.
■ Valencl ' Street
90R VALENCIA-2 SUNNY, BAY-WINDOW
■'•"" rooms, furnished for housekeeping; gas,
bath; $.5. •-..*;
1 VALENCIA-2 SUXNY HOUSEKEEP-
X£*rr\j ing rooms; rent $7 50 per month.
Van .Ness .\ v»-nu«-. ■'■'. '■_':';*■?■'*
71 0 VAN NBSB AYE.-3 : COMPLETELY
1 -LV furnished housekeeping, rooms, $20; also
basement. „•-■-.. . ■ . .
,  Washington Street.
191 0 WASHING'! ON, NEAR TAYLOR-3
XUX or 4 ui.tur.'.lshed rooms for housekeeping.
A' WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T7iiS
. -Ca. wii£,ii.LY CALL, in wraDper, lor mailing. ' :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
ROOMS TO , LEA. . "\ • : "
Brannan -Street.
4_ <>O BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM; USE
X^jA of stove: $1 per week.
. ■ Bryant Avenue.
9707 BRYANT AYE.. NEAR TWENTY-
_.(•>» fifth— Nice sunny front room for Invalid;
2 housekeeping, unfurnished. .. : ■ . -.
Hush Street. '
797 BUSH— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOM-
I -j I also ligrit housekeeping. :
I I KUSiI— N-ICE SUNNY FURNISHED
■XX^ukj room for gentleman.
Clara Street. ; ;;->V--.
1 91 CLARA; REAR; 2 FURNISHED ROOMS;
X^j'Z $1 per week. . ;
l)evisa«l«?r«» Street.
1 f|f»q DEVISADKKO, COR. GOLDENGATE
X\J\Jtj aye.— Furnished room.s for gentlemen.
J--«ldy Street. -
1 1 Q GROUND FLOOR FRONT SUITE
JLXO cheap; other. rooms, $5 up.
9]Q EDDY— 2 SUXXY' FURNISHED ROOMS;
-JJLO $2 a week each; private place. "
({] O EDDY'— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
\JXO back parlor; grate; also single room; rea-
sonable.
Ellis Street.
"DOY'AL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— NEW HOUSE;
-It incandescent lights in every room: first-class
reading-room, containing all daily papers; open all
night; rooms per day 35c tosl [>0; week, $2 to $8;
month. $8 to #30; ri re escapes.
Ol (^ ELLIS— 2 HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
OXO parlors, sultablefor physician ; rent $30.
490 ELLIS — LARGE SUNNY ALCOVE
j:^V/ suite and room adjoining; running water..
UOQ ELLIS, COR. LAP.KIX— SUXXY' FUR-
\JOO nished front room; kitchen ; stove; gas; bath.
Eighth Street. ;
SHERMAN APARTME.NT HOUSE, 28 BTH
O^st., near Market: furnished and irnfurnished.
1 AQ EIGHTH-LARGE SUNNY' BACK PAR-
X\JKJ lor; other sunny rooms; $5 up.
Franklin Street..
9AI FRANKLIN — SUNNY' FURNISHED
+j\JX room for gentleman: $5 per month.
l'ulton Street.
m FULTON— I LARGE ALCOVE ROOM,
nicely furnished; hot and cold water; rea-
sonable. . ' .
lift FULTON— LARGE-SUNNY' ROOM FOR
J-JLU one or two; $7.
Oeary Street.
K1 O GEARY— FURNISHED ROOMS;
«JXO double and single; suitable doctors' ollices;
reasonable. •
£AE OEARY— FRONT AND BACK DOUBLE
\J\JO and single rooms: terms reasonable.
79 OEARY— LARGE HAN D-OMELY FUR-
• -^ X nishea room; rent reasonable. ■■■' •■ \. r
Q9An GEARY'— NICKLY' FUKNISHED BUN-
O—V ny room; suitable for gentlemen. ■
1 1 A 1 GEARY, ••oIi.'VAN 'NESS AYE.. THE
J-JLU J Martinet: tirst-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single: new house; ele-
gantly fitted: breakfast if desired.' ■ ■
Ooltieii Gate Avenue. . -
090 GOLDEN GATE-NEWLY FURNISHED
•o—o sunny rooms; double single; bath; gas;
gentlemen. ; .;*'. S
09A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY ALCOVE
O£d\J suite: hot and cold -.'single reasonable.
9^. GOLDEN GATE AYE.— FRONT ALCOVE
«J— O room; suitable lor lor 2; grate; cas.
Grant' Avenue.
7 GRANT FURNISHED, S COXNECT-
-1 ing rooms, rirst floor, for business: also suites
and single rooms, from $1 50 a week up. • .
Grove Street.
: A f\ GROVE, COR. POLK— SUNNY BAY-WIN-
TtU dow suite: also single; neatly furnished; gas;
bath. Call afternoons.
1 OC GROVE— N E Fl RNIBHED SUNN V
X—O room: housekp.? if desired; private family.
Uaight §treet.
QAJHAIGHT— NICELY. FURNISHED SUN-
OU-tny room; grate, gas, bath; terms reason-
able; references.
- Harriet Street.
Q HARRIETT— SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
*-> furnished; reasonable.
' Harrison Street.
7791 HARRISON, NR. FOURTH-FINELY
• I • —'& furnished sunny rooms, bath, closet, $1 a
week.
'■~\ ' Ho-warct Street.
191 7 HOWARD — LARGE ROOM; SUIT-
AZ.Lt able for. 1 or 2 men; gas; bath; private.
Uj«le Street.
nHYDE — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
nished front suite; also hall room; private
family.
1 f\(' HYDE — FRONT DOUBLE PARLORS;
X\J\J nicely furnished; reasonable.
A H YDE— SUNN Y, FURNISHED FRONT
OyjO room. . ■ :
Jackson Street.
QA.fi JACKSON— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
• U\J\J light housekeeping.
-. . . . Kin--. Street.
9A7 JONES -THE VaN WINKLE: NEW
—VI manaEement: elegant sunny suit»s and
Bingle; newly furnished; batb, etc.; SlO to $;-!0.
Kearny street.
A RMNGTON HOU.SE, 127 KEARNY-PLEAS-
XV ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first claai
In every respect : terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
9Q L. A RK I N — NICELY FURNISHED
"l**U suites; single: running water; bath; gas.
LARKIX. "NEAR GEARY — NICELY'
U.mJ furnished sunny rooms: $6 and $8; large
closets, bath, ga3; private family.
1 007 LAP.X I X — NICELY' FURXISHED
X\J\J t rooms- for lor 2 persons from 8.
Leaveuirorth Street.
Al 1 LEAVEN WORTH ST.— NEATLY FUR-
T:J.I. nished sunny hall room; $6; gentlemen.
fllarkct Street.
"\rOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET, BET.
-I- Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites: per
night, 35c to $1 : week, $1 60 to $5; families
"1 199 MARKET -NIC LV FU R HE D
XX£i£i suite: also single rooms.
14O] MARKET— SUNN ROOM SU TABLE
J-ttOJL for 2; home comforts; running water; $12.
Mason treet.
8 MASON, COR. MARKET— ELEGANTSUNNY
suite fronting on Market st.: suitable for doc-
tors; also single rooms; all conveniences.
Minna street. ~~
(\f\7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
yjyj I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week-
transient. ■ .
JiiM^Kin Mtreul,
fil Q MISSION— NICELY- FURNISHED
UIO front rooms, $1 25 to $2 a week. ■.
009 M IS^-lON — SUNNY UNFU RNISHED
OOZj floor. 3 rooms; large yard; kitchen partly
furnished: $15. • .
OQ9 MISSION-NEATLY FUKNISHED SUN-
JJQjij ny rooms: j^in le and double; $5 up; bath. j '
UROPE HOUSE, llt>9 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
1 .QQA MISSION. NEAR TENTH - LARGE
<J*J\J newly furnished sunny room; $8.
NTntrtTstreetT ~ ~
9A NINTH, NR. MARKET— FRONT BAY-
4j\J window suite; single; grate; gas; running
water.
O'Farreil Street.
199 O'FARRELL- NICELY FURNISHED
' J-^-ni; room for a gentleman; all conveniences-
central; $8. . .
099 O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
*i£i£i single and double rooms, from S5 up.
Q9O O'FARRELL, NEAR VAN NESS; 2
O^jO nice rooms; rents 84 and $6. . •
• . ■ :/ : Pine Street. .
£91 PINE— ROOMS $6, «8 AND 810, SUlT-
\}j*X able for 2 gents; running water; quiet; gas.
, .. " Polk Street.
1 7 POLK— SUNNY FRONT • ROOMS; OR
X t single, $5 up: also housekeeping.
f>Al POI.K —BA Y- WINDOW SUN
, v>v/J-' all day; water; gas. ;
Q97 POLK, COR.' O'FARRELL— NEAT COM-
yJ-' t fortable room: housekeeping If desired.
TQA9 *°-LX— NICELY FURNISHED front
Xij\j*j room. $6: also parlor, $12.
Post Street.
9A7 POST— PLEA S . FURNISHED SUN-
±j\J I ny rooms; suitable for downtown clerks.
! P.AO POST — han"dsomely FURNISHED
«JV/«J rooms, en auiteor single; $2 per week up-
C 97 POST - FRONT PARLOR, SUITABLE
Y_z!_Z_ for 2 gentleraen^or couple. ■ , ;
C 1 C POST. — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS; 85
\)XO and S6. -• .
/*97 POST-LARGE FRONT ROOM; SUIT-
\J-J I able for 1 or 2; $10; for 2, $12.
Ql 7 LARGE NICELY ~F~U RNISHED
yX • alcove;, gas, bath, running : water; a)so,
lanje, sunny bac- bedroom; light housekeeping;
rent very reasonable. ... . . ■ , ■ v ,-.;
■ . ■ .} Kausch Street. '
"I a RAUJSCH ST., NEAR HOWARD— 3 NICE
X \J unfurnished rooms: large yard; cheap rent. .
■•■■."■.. ■•;-.'...- ■ • ■ '
KOO3IS TO Continued.
. • .' I'owell Street.
"I £1 POWELL, THE COLUMTA— NICELY
*Jx furnis-hed sunny rooms: suite and single.
91 *\ POWELL-S U N N V furnished
• JJ rooms, 88 and $10. .
O9X POWELL, COR. GEARY— 3 FURNISHED
+j*jrt rooms; suitable for offices or house-
keeping; ground lioor; yard. *..,:- ''■■■: ■
Seventeenth- Street. /
_|QA SEVENTEENTH— FURNISHED ROOM,
I<J\J with or without board. ■
. : ■ 1- .
Sixth Street.
191 SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
J -^J- single rooms.
. Stevenson Street.
V 499 STEVENSON — NICELY FURNISHED
T "- sunny front room; bay-window; grate, etc.;
also other rooms, cheap; private family.
\1 '"i STEVENSON — MCELV FURNISHED
*■*■' rooms; -clean, new and comfortable; rent
reasonable. * • .
T?URNISHED, SUNNY, single FRONT
X room; no Bign. 611 Stevensbnrst.
Sutter -ireet. ■
0 Of\ SUTTER, n£ CORNER— SUITABLE
Ut)U for doctor's office: also elegantly furnished
rooms: suite or single; reasonable. "
I IJsSLTTr.II.Cim. POLK-FINE SUNNY
- 1 - xtt« j rooms ; reasonable; light housekeeping ;
transients acepmmodated. - .
j Of) A. 1 SUTTEK— SMALL SUNNY FRONT
J-^^^a room; bath; gas; $8.
1 90^ SUTTER— THE ST. HELENS; LARGE
■ i^vt) sunny front lurnished room. . i
Taylor Street. .-■;•>'
"| nQ.T AY. LOR -"NICELY FURNISHED
xVO front and back parlor for housekeeping.
" 1 4.0 TAYLOR— NEWLY .FURNISHED
j:t/ rooms from SlO up. '
XA'-i ■;■.'' Tenth Street.
190 TENTH — LARGE SUNNY ROOMS,
x-ju suite or single; light housekeeping if need-
ed; rent lo>.
Third Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
*» MRrket; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to ?1 50 per night; -«1 60 to gti per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r"m ; tree bus.
■ • ■ '■' . , Turk Mreet. •
f^94l TURK— NEATLY FURNISHED FRONT
parlors: suitable for 1 or 2 men: rent low.
Twelfth Street.
O{\ TWELFTH, BET. MISSION AND HOW-
«■'" aid— Furnished room; cheap. ■ ' ■ ■■.■.:
. Twenty-fourtU Street.
I P\f|Q TU "J-M'Y-FOURTH — LARGE BAY-
i-tJ\JO window front room; use of kitchen.
Van Mess Avenue. .
O"j Q VAN NES*— SUNNY, NEWLY FUR-
«Jl(Jnlshed bay-window room; hot and cold
water; very desirable for two gentlemen.
'f' I 9 VAN NESS VE^'NICE SUNNY
■»-'X*j suite; running water; gas; > tor house-
keeping. • . •
West 3l,iBSio 11 Street. ,\
-TO WEST MISSION— 2 CHEERFUL ROOMS
I O furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
Miscellaneous..
EULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL-PUR-
nished room's; single or en suite; $»and $lHup.
BUA&UiNIa A-M> UOOAIb.
andsoTm e fSoxFand^bXck^parlor
in the warm belt of the Mission: bath, gas,
piano, breakfast, use of private team ; $10 month;
references exchanged. 5^9 Noest.,nr. Nineteenth.
11 07 I. USH—\f. W i. y FURNI- HED
J-- 1 -"' rooms, with or without board, reasonable.
1 A 99 HYDE — LARGE SUNNY ROOM'S 7
x X^-« marine view; board for 2; $40 aid *50.
"1 O4 MCALLISTER — NICELY FURNTsHED
J- O*X rooms with board; terms reasonable.
1 GEARY— HANDSOME ROOM FOR 2;
XXO t excellent board; private family; refs.
999 TURK— SUNNY ROOMS; Wlfll OR
■ I ■ 1 ■! without board; reference.
HOTEL BERTLING. 714 iSUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
em conveniences.
CHiI.»KBV T.OAKDKD. ~
tTe fi n c d woS AN^Srouii) Lr^E to hawS
Xl> 1 or 2 children to board: nice home; mother's
care; be, t of references. l'JO5 Laguna st. •'. ;
000 HOME FOR INFANT; TERMS MOD-
<J crate. 1014 Jackson, bet. Powell and Mason.
La IN COT/KTKY WISHES IOR2 SMALL
children to board; good home; reasonable.
Apply nt i'»n.. nice.
.iy U"M'l iMMiKs 1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO
Xi board: $10 month, 2819 sixteenth st.
STOIir.-S TO LET.
RoTk J^RTvT^nATrrTFsTtmE^NiTs^^
>)— I ments; $150. 615 ThirA_stare, U rooms
and basement; $40. W. CRIM & CO., 118
Montgomery sti
S~ TORE AND 3 ROOMS; CHEAP RENT. 328
O Seventh st. * .
TO S'fORE AND 2 LIVING-ROOMS; NE.
-1 cor. Eddy and Bourbon sts.: rent reasonable.
WILL E. FISHER <fc.CO., 14 Post st.
I'aßgE CORNER .STORE; 2 ROOMS, BASE-
Xi mint and stAble; suitable for grocery, etc. {
rent low. N\V. cor. Pacific and Hyde sts.
STORE WITH THREE ROOMS; REIS T $20 •
►^ ch^ap. 4'J5 Fourth at. .
OFFICES TO LKT. ~~"
IJVj^^RT^F^ilCE^ F^N^r^^OFFICE
XV— l fo dentist Or real estate; a splendid
chance; $12.
TfLEOANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
■l-i man will be vacated on March 1, at 860 Mar-
ket j>t., cor. Stockton first floor.
91 7 GEARY-PARLOR FLOOR: SUITABLE
«-J- I lor business. . Key 217y , rear.
ELEG ANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS ■
building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
cnarge gas. janltoF services or beating. Apply
«t building or G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montg. at.
IiI>UtSATiOiSAL..
MRS. MELVTLXE^^N^YDE^?^TUDI*O~^aO
-lX Sutter St.; teacher vocal music (Italian meth-
od), pi trio and elocution; dramatic elocution a spe-
cialty; vocal and .Shakespearean classes.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market
st. offica hours, Ito3 P. m.
KRANCIIES TAUGHT; PRIVATE
JLJ or class; all ages; moderate. MISS DILLON,
305 Larkin st. . " ■
PAN IS 11. TRKNC II AND GERMAN ACADE-
-0 my: Custilian, Parisian and Vienna professors;
31essons week ; *S month. 1170 Market, room 37.
OOOKKEEPING, PENMANSHIP, ARITH-
•Trr metic, grammar, etc., $5 a month. 825
Mission ;,day^ana evening; no classes.
NDIVIDUAITTINSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
"I^RKNCH, SPANISH, ETC. PROF. DE FIL-
X IPPE'S Acudemy of Languages, 320 Post st.,
established 1871. • •' . •
piANO LKSsTjNS; CLASSICAL COURSE AND
L simple music taught; accompanists taught;
lessons 50c. Call 9to 12 a. m.. 30 Ninth St.
TOSEPH. GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
O .Ninth st.
ISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
mento— English, French, German,
piano; $30. month; kindergarten- under new man-
agement; coach. : „ >..
T^NGLISH, " ATIN, MATHEMATICS, KNG-
XJ lish literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON,
724 O'Farrell st. \ .
l/LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTK. PHYSI-
cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE- HOFF
feCHROKDKR, 299 Hyde st.; call after 1 p. m.
STUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
kj sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 I'helan building.
UELASCO'S LVCE.UM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-»-» J rivate theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. B. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
OCUOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, M"E-
->-> chanlcal en-lneering. surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
VIOLIN, MA-JVDbTIN. GUITAR, i CORNET
V taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 226 Geary reasonable
UPaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft school Languages. 122 O'Farrell st
"II KAMI'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
j-j. .Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand, ■
lypinj, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
Janpuage^rapiciiy taught. write for catalogue. ■
IV IG HT OoTT;TIEALD'»>ii:S.
-n J'ost: commercial, shorthand. English; low rates
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
sonable. PRqf. FRANCIS, 104 2 Valencia.
pHEMIsTRY AND' ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
V Inni a School, cor. Geary and Powell sts. . .
ATIOKNEIB.AT.LAW.
ADV ICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS' A SPECI-
iIT ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. 41-
-tended to. O. w. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 860 Marktq.,
-T J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNBKLO ?lAT
X ..law: advice free. 24 Sixth rooms H, 15.
W W - 1 J i AVIDi:i ON,ATTORNEV-AT-LAW,4 J«
»T . California it.. rm«. 14-1>; ad»lc» fr—
SJEWIN'ti M. A CHINKS. .
DENTED $160 MONTHLY; BECON I>-ll A M»
JLI/ machines from * 3 upward- Domestic. New
Home, V> hite, Singer at half-price. ,146 Hlxth »t, ..
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, i:\fiiA.\GKl)
**- rein repaired: lowest rut.H. 205 |.'.,u r ( hi..
BCIiDIKGAND LOAJS ASSOCIATIOw.
T)°ii TI . 1 i rEN ' rAL «nw>iwo AND LOAN AH/
\J Bociatlon— Home office, 222 Hansoinu »t., H r,
' ofi»^i-M'?i lw %r loan business. Ed E. Hill. Pi\t».V
Olirer EKlrld e V.Pr.; w Corbin, Sec.&oeu.M»a
PEKSOSALS. ' •
"VTOTICE TO THE PUBLIC^TH^PROPERTY
£> of the late THOMAS O'DAY, on Dore st., near
Harmon, was. not soUl at auction on Thursday.
JOSEPH B. O'DAY, 1309 Harrison st.
AH. S.-HAVE WRITTEN FOUK LETTERS,
» received three. S. A. M.
RS. DR. NETA BRUNDAYE, CHIROPO-
£»X dist: lost vitality restored. Office 11, 6V2
Kearny st. ■> " . ,
X ENCED LADIES' HAIR-URKSSER
XJ desires engagements in a llrst-class house. Ad-
dresa L. H.. box 41, Call.
ANCING FOR . BALLROOM OK STAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
PANISH. FRENCH AND GERMAN ACAD-
KJ emy; Castilian, Paris and Vienna professors; 3
lessons wtek; $3 mo. 1170 Market st., room 37.
AG CA KI'KTS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
1 also chenille-wove silk-rag portieres • deal-
er In car|x>t twine in hnuk or chain at lowest nitea.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St., Oakland. Cal.
IjMIEE-20-PAGE BOOK. "SIGHT. PERFECT
X- and Defective," postpaid. L. KUTTNEi'. A CO.,
Opticians, 1644 MarKet at., Hotel St. Nicholas. S. F.
EF. WEST, M.D.-SFKCIALTIES, RHEUMA-
_ ♦ tism, epilepsy and obstetrics. 12 Eddy st.
TU RS. DR. A. SYKES. BEAUTY DOCTOR, HTs
I>X taken offices at 330 Ellis St.; steaming and
treating ladies' faces a specialty." .
PROFESSIONAL LADY'S NURSE— MC-
-1 CARTHY; city or country. 2520 Sutter st.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
ULANCHE-TELL MAMMA TO GO TO LE-
«» DEUER'S, 111 Stockton st.; for that switch;
he sells $1 and $1 50 switches, very best r for 75
cents and $1, ana dresses hair any style very
swell for 25 cents. " LOU.
A/I RS. M. H. OBER. HEADQUARTERS OK
Ypsllantl Union Sufts and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Qber Corsets for stout rlgu es.
bole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes MUler
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco. '
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GKTOUR FIGURES
v/ for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
EGY>TIAN HENNaTSI : HA lR^DYeT~PEß-
r;is>?l ?.£ arml<!SB; easily applied; all druggists.
LAKOLEY & MICHAELS CO., agents, a F.
iffl»l FOR 10 CENTS - CLOAKS, JACKETS,
<U>X capes, sold at 10c on the dollar in the base-
ment of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 48 Geary st
cor. Grant aye. . g'|4
A DDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
-tv become rich— lnvest your money in Stockton
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
$6 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., S. F.
ELE PHONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
X Polk, sells high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter loaves ; delivery to 12 p. m.
I^or FINE POULTRY AND GAME go TO a.
■*■ BTRASSKR, 78 and 79 Center Market.
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
-•- and Newspaper Illustration; dny and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partlngton.R.L PartingtOD. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. E. ROBBINS, THE CELEBRATED PHY-
aiclan, has removed fm 8 Mason- to 1508 Market
H r ENRY HUFSCHMIDT, PLIMBEK AND
- gasfittjer; .' gas fixtures ' lowest price. «623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471.
EARCHING.LOCATING.SHADOVVING.TRA-
ping,coIIecUnb'.GRAHAM'Sagncy,632 Mrkt.r.tj.
10rtO' BUsI: KaH CARDS, $1 Sill rELE-
X\J\J\J phone "Black 141." H 1LL.22 Geary, r. 39
OOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER";
-!-» Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler
DEAFNESS— THE AURAPJIO2CE RESTORES
lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible: book
mailed F. F. FINLAY, 10 California st., S. F.
Ui{ I A KOOM; CAKI'KTa CLEANED ON THE
<JP X floor. 206 Leavenworth s:. '
OECOND-HAND AS Y ELL AS NEW BARS,
kJ showcases, counters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore golns elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019 ■
1021, 10 : 3 Mission st., above -lxth. » .
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY.ROOM— WIN-
-i Chester House, 44 .Third st,, near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 >er night; $1 60 to ftiper
week: tree bus to and from the ferry. ' :
1 lUf.liAl, ADV ANChS ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st. ' ■■■:■ ,
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD:
■store fixtures, doom, wlrrdows, lumner.-plpe,
etc. : cheap. Yard 1 166 Mission st., near Eighth. .
CILOAKS, CAFKB AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfru' cost. Factory, '->0 Sansome st.. upstain.
LD GOLD, SILVEK, GENTS' AND LADIK*
clothing boucht. COLMAN, 41 Third st.
pHJSAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
agp free. . ■
UK£SSMAKKK«s. ~
TYLTSH^ TUITB MADE' TO ' OKDEr"fROM
$12 -60 up: fit guaranteed. 203 Gough. nr. Oak.
\RHSSF.S. tf> AND UP; WRAPPERS, 35c
/ up. 60534 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
o<yi GEARY ST.— STYLISH SILK WAISTS",
\J4Ji- goodaf urulshed. $4 50 up: latest dresses $5.
MOXE\ . WANTJED.
fflj drjA^fo^?ioob^O?r GO^D^ECITRffY^AT
€rOl'V/ 1 per cent per month. Address, at once,
M.. box 130, this office. ■
CLAIKVOV AJSTs^ ' ;
REDUCED— 60C— $1. . REDUCED— BI— 6OG
THEWORLD'S CELKBRATKD
CLAIRVOYANT PA!. MIST MEDIUM,
PROF. LEON, gives advice on business, specula-
tion, love, marriage, divorce, etc: tells of your
friends and enemies: removes evil Influences: call
and lie convinced ; hours, 9 to Bdally ; also Sunday.
PROF. LEON, 838 Post St. .
ROF. ZANZIC. OCCULT SCIENTIST AND
palmist, has removed to 303 Mason St.; tells
past, present and future accurately; Fittings 50c;
Prof. Zanzic will positively appear at Golden Gate
Hall Saturday evening, Febrr.arv 22, in theosophi-
cal manifestations. At his office, hours 9to 8, Sun-
days included. . . .
"QTAR LIGHT" IS LOCATED TII6aGRANT
O wye.. parlor 5; office hours, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs ■ noth-
ing except ed; names given: good advice: inre
oeip: restores lost love by sympathy, mistake im- '
possible; feesi: letter «2. 929 Post st., nr. Larkin.
AUGU-iTA : LEOLA. FORTUNE TELLER:
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune tellins-
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc. has the
seven holy seajs and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
VI ISS MELVJNA, CLAIRVOYANT, PICTURE
■IX of future husband or wife. 766V2 . Howard st.
ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
past, present, future; ladies 50c, gents $I-
palmistry, clairvoyant, $1 50. 126 Turit, nr. Joues.
ME. RAVENA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races: names given; 26c up. 828 Howard.
A* ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: VEALS
-I'Xpast, presentand future;2Bc up.764 Howard st.
VI ME. ARNDT, BEhT FORTUNE TELLER IN
-WJ the world: 50c and SI will show you the plc-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
ROF. ZANZIC, OCCULT SCIENTIST. PA M-
ist, 303 Mason: sittings 50c; always crowded.
MRS. B. BAUMAN, THE RENOWNED
medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
\t ME. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM: THE
I" greatest card reader and clairvoyant In the
world; seventh dauchter :of Beventh daughter:
ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market , parlors 3 a.nd 4.
C*WFf£tv N r l) T BEST IN AMERICA-THB
tinitoH , - A i' Tj ' sent t0 6n y ''t»ress In the
Me free S ° nßda One yeftr for ? x 60 » P 086 "
; ' SPIKITUALIsai.
MRS. MAUD LORD DRAKE SPEAKS AND
gives tests Ht Loring Hall, Eleventh and Clay
sts., Oakland; 2p,»,; circle to-night at 708 O'Far-
rell st., this city. , ■ . ,
GYPSY PALMIST-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
VT days included) ■ 25c. 946 Mission ; hours, 10 to 9.
MRS. MAUD LORD DRAKE: 708 O'FAR-
reil at-; circles &un., Tues., Fri. nights.
IU RS - J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
-t'l tnnce medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton su
HYPNOTISM. ~~
HYPNOTISM. OR MESMERISM -TAUGHT-
*pur (4) different methods taught in four
weeks time. A rare chance for physicians, stu-
dents of science or those Interested in it's therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved if not cured. None taueht those fur- '
rnsMliig first-class reference or recommendations
Corrrnpondence solicited. Address J. WIUT M-
MINS. Ph. P., Call ollice. 1018 Broadway. Oitkliid.
PHYSICIANS. '■■
DR.A.dr L^uHs.l>TsYTlcfN^l[riTnTxrNTlW>Y^
Unlvet-slty Turin, ltaly. Nui-luuh hl.ig.Ußl M-arkt
'OEMOVJSJD— DR. C. C. O'DONNEI.I. TO 1206
■!■*> Market st. ; diseases of women v «im< lulty.
BTORA«J6~~
AMERICAN FURNITUHE CO., 11U7 MAR.
ket: storage at lowesfratc-g. 'I'lioiib Mint .rj.
rj[\ . H. ROONY. 722 MIHSION-MTu»lA<7bTt
x .reduced rates: basement BtoriiK".»l mi imi \,, lUi
STORAGE OF FURNITU RK, I'lAMii | ie
° R. F. OSBORN « CO.; 7.'i 1 aii.l 7611 M.mi',h at. '
STORAOEOFFURNITURK, I'IANoM, lIOIIMIt
'■ hold goods, etc. J. M. PIKHUIC. 7.16 Mai|{dt»w
\V ILSON BROTIIERH. 1710 Mini. 11
''Storage: low rates: ttlnpliuny Minuli ,n- , ■
j\ 8 ,; NEWB OR ' fitilKN'KS
-**- I'.H.KLY CALL. In wrannri;. (nrmiKillna,
BICVCI.IIs. '
■ uTjnßsor BICYCUMh mllikmi.v 11
'» grade; no stamping 1 all Ittilio wnrlc| cnuV*
, nl ,','' 2^ a fUlly K«»l-ariiWMl tor U ycwrn, a, v Uan»
CROFT A CO., 324 Pou nt.. K. 1'
|>ARK CYCLERY- Wl(Mt:i.(* LlitT
J- best accommodmioim. T«riulnu* <j... , Urn-
▲liuterand Powell ti. car Ilitta, ■ *
PIANOS. VIODINS, ETC,
oH^ECOND-HAND^piANOS AT^ROM ?75
( «->«J up; good instruments, all of them: small. In-
| stallments. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post
St.. San Francisco. '-;... ' ■ •
HAINES BROS. PIANO: WITHOUT A SUPE-
rior; we invite comparison • prices moderate.
A. L. BANCROFT «fe CO.^S24 Post St. 3. F. . . •
A. SPEOIAIi PIANOS. cheap for
-nt. cash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
ARGAIN— FIRST-CLASS UPRIGHT 1'IANO;
J-> walnu t case. 'Piano, box 42, Call Oflice.
/TOOD SQUARE PIANO; SELL VERY CHEAP.
U 83 Everett st. --....:
COME .in AND hkar • THE latest
novelty— the Osslan attachment piano, 'man-
! dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all jji one very sim-
i pie; guaranteed to keep in order; call and s"ee it;
| beautiful effect. J. T. BOWERS A SON, sole
! agents, 23 and 25 Fifih St., nr. cor. Market.
\ T GREAT SACRIFICE— UPRIGHT PIANO
I -fv of standard -make: in use bat few months.
I 2030 Bush st., near Webster; call. in the morning.
LTPRIGHT PIANO AT A BARGAIN; USED
> only 2 momhs. 1234 Bush st.
Q>Q(\ CHICKERINU ROSEWOOD PIANU;
t3st/v. costssoo; $siustallmts. Leavemvorth
MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAK CALL
at once 1623 Buchanan. -
SHAW, 'I STEINWAYS, $215, $195:
'Sommer, $:137; squares, $'25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis si.
PIANOS— ' ~~. ! '■ '■ ~
JT Hazelton, ' neinme and Long, Brown and
| Simpson: easy terms. 735 Market st.
9A f\fl(\ SHEET music 1 CT. copy, stat-
Z,\J.\J\J\J HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister st.
"VTO PIANO SO SWEKT AS THE "BRUENN;"
J-i warranted ten years.' 228 Post st.
OOD PIANOS CHEAP, CHEAP PIANOS
good, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
AINES BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
| A. L. BANCROFT <fc CO., 824 Post sU
pONOVER PIANO; AS" GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrltlce. The i\ W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
(IHICKEUIXG.KNABE, STECK.VOSE. STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ <t SON. 16 O'Farrell.
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
find organs sold for cash or installments.
S OUR NEW BENT CONTRACT PLAN
for sellini; pianos has met with great success I
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY <fc CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts. ■ -. • r .
*5i 1 I^\ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
•Jpx *.*J. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
T\ECKER BROS., STEIN WAY.FISCHER AND
i-' other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
X£ ASY TERMS ;;LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE. %./.-' -- . • ■
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby <fc Evans, Kriggs rtnd other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLtJ&NEW
__H- MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham nlace.
TI'&NWAY,- $215; WEBER, $265; SOMER,
O $237; Wily, |125; squares, . $35 and »55.
HEINE. 410 Post st. ..- •■ ...'•
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
oV grade T. L. Neumann, pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. .H. LUEDEKS,. B2
Ninth st. V>j
OPEN BUSINESS. .
The finest line of new pi nhos for rent and sala
In Bau Francisco. „• J. HARRY SCOTT,
' " 929 Market st.. Spreckels bulldinj. "
pHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .Statea or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. "_ I
~ o^ AI ' E Ml!5t ' ELLANI! ' ots '
rpHOROUGIIBHED CHICKEN FOR
i- hatching; brahma, cochin, Plymouth rock, Ml-
norca, Andaluslan, Spanish, Houdan. Wyandotte,
Hi mburg, «1 50 per 13: Leghorns, buff, white and
brown, $1 25; G. Poland. KKAI Ip3l McAllister.
TPOR SALE — LARGE ICEBOX; GOOD FOB
-L' milkman: cheap. 709 Larkln st. -. /■ J
"L^OR SALK— WHITE LEGHORN EGGS FOR
S: setting; 13 for 75c. 2016 Folsom
(2j9,r: ALMOST NEW, 7-DRAWER, OAK,
<iP-"' standard sewing-machine. 1915 Mission,
near Fifteenth.
A I JERSEY COW AND CALF. 624IINDIANA
-f x St., bet Sierra and.Napa, Potrero.
©9' ..HANDSOME NEW HOME SEWING
<P-J«J. machine: equal to new: 7 drawers; at-
tachmenta complete . cause, going East. 801 Union.
piANO DULCIMORE FOR SALE. CALL
J- evenings or Sundays. 2031 Mission st.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and savp middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First nr. ission.
G GASOLINE LAUNCH FOR SALE: NEW; 21
r feet long, 3-horsepower Pacific gas engine*
price $375. Inquire H. VOGEL, San Francisco
Yncht Club, Sausalito. ■■ ■ .. .
TUEW BATOR, 120 EGGS, $1^50:
-l-i Brown Leghorn hens and Gurnea fowls', SI
each. Address 2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda.
OYS' AND GIRLS' NKW $25 BICYCLES
for $10 each. W., box 48, this office.
pOMPLETE RESTAURANT FURNITURE;/
\J new; for sale cheap. Apply 61 Clay st.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. -
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and- burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
ELLOWS ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
F\nft SECOND-HAND AXL SIZES
rJ\f\J and prices from 26c per yard np. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission -St., above Sixth.
FIRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER^
X' press, platform scales and .-cheap. 102 Clay
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
XI band. W. S. RAY Mfs Co.. 12 California st.
pOf NTE KS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
■\J boughi and told 11213^ Market bet. 7th and at
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— IOOx9O; LARGE BUILDING
suitable for manufacturing purposes; cor. Sev
enth and Bryant sts. ASHTON <S GARDINER
411 Montgomery st. ■ '
M Art 111 t,lOKXtitS&.
The following marriage licenses were Issued br
the County Clerk's oflice yesterday:
Dnmenico Figoni and Gindita P. Cariero, 42—36.
. Hubert F. Flynn and Annette Gorman. 23—23.
A. M. Ltndabi and Henrietta T. Jobansen. 29—20.
John F. Gerbe* and Mary Gilleran, 33—23. '
Joseph J. Davis and Mary A. Mangan, 28—20.
C. B. Vanderbilt and Annie C. Helmet, 25—21.
A. A. Springett and Annie F. Fitr.serald. 28—27.
Herbert Coultis and Annie M. O'Farrell, 30—25.
; IiIVOKCJK PKOCtIKDIXUS. »'
.Complaints filed:
Grace W. Kittredge against A. G. Kittredge.
Annie Carpmill against John Carpmill.
Sarah B. Jon against Charles F. Jones.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS."
f Elrth, marriage aha death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. - They must be handed In at
either of, the publication oltices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.] t,
BORN.
BONDE— In this city, February 12, 1896, to the
wife of Chris C. Bonde, a daughter.
BROWN— In this city, January 20, 1890, to the
wife of James M. Brown, a son. : >V-
BULLWINKEL— FeDruary 11, 1896, to the wife of
J. D. Bullwiukel, a daughter. -;•-.;;.'
COULTER— In Sausalito, February 14, 1896, to
the wife of W. A. Coulter, a son.
COX— February 2, 1896, to the wife of Richard
Cox, a daughter. ' : • '
DANNER— In this city, February 14, 1898, to the
wife of Samuel Danner, a son.
FAlRCHlLD— February 12, 1896, to the wife of
i Willard W. Falrchild. a son.
FLYNN— In this city, February 11, 1898, to the
wife of J. T. Flynn. a son. • ■
IRELAND— In this city, February 11, 1896, to the
wife of John Ireland, a son.
KLENZ— In this city. February 12, 1896, to the
wife of F. Klenz, a daughter.
McGUIRE— In this city. February 10, 1896, to the
wife of Frank J. McGuire, a daughter.
McLEOD— In this city, February 11, 189«, to the
wife of John N. McLeod, a son.
MULLER— In this city, February 13, 1896, to the
wife of Rudolph Muller, a son. . ■
NEUMANN— To the wife of F. W. Neumann,
a son. - - t ?.-'t. "-••". .- -
QUINT— In Alameda, February 9, 1896, to the
• wife of Douglas U. Quint, a son. •
STRUCKMANN— To the wife of William Struck-
mann, a daughter.- . ' -
— -^— •>— _^__^^___
'"•■■ , MARRIED. "
GLOVER— LEWIS-ln this city. February 13.
: 1H96, the Rev. John Stephens, Orlan Glover
and Mattle J. Lewis, both of San Francisco.
HARTLEY-CUMMINGS-In this city, by the
Rev. W. S. Urmy, \V. H. Hartley of San Fran-
cisco ana Mariha E; Cumminsrs of Lima, Ohio.
JOHNSON— In this 1 ely, February
10, 18&«. by the Rev. John Stephens, James B.
- Johnson and Olive B. Johnson, both of San Fran-
cisco. ■;..•■■: ' - . ■:.-■. ':■:.
A LLORY-STARKEYt-In this city, January 20.
1896, by the Rev. M. M. GUnon, D.D., William
11. Mallory and Sarah J. Starkey:
Albrecht, Andrew Lynch, Mamie
Hurry, Margaret Lynch, Mary
BIOW, Walter .W. <>ot>v, Michael
Delamore, John F. • Mcl.auglillii. Mr». llosa
' i.nuiiier. suiiuii-i ! Morgan, Joaenti 1,.-
-• iimuii. William nil. r. Klmore M.
iliiliui, Mis. Cliirft I). Nostl, l.»iii.-.«
lluniry, .liiiin Hi - Hchflin. IVlir I.oran*
• iMii.tfi-miu, William J. Nnw»n, I'liinlm
(hi Ki-y, .loiui Wnisoiij oiittrleu it, .
l.ntiluuf r, CharlM I. ; Wfrtihprby, i i,.,-, It,'
1 Lwvy, littiijmtiiti ■ ounkim Mary A,
;. 1 .mull nun, .lt>a«|ili ''VilmeriuMii, ti.ivn
.Miif.i.iir i,, thtsoity, Vehrn»r.v 8," ls9tf An-
iliOiV .111.fu, -i.i, iiruiuer iif ilu- t«u. Jose^U, joi,^
Frank and George Albrecht, native of Baden,
Germany, aged 63 years.
BABHY— In this cltv, February 14, 1896, Mar-
garet Barry, relict of the late John Barry, beloved
m6tberof the late John A. Barry. Mrs. ft. W.
Bowdich. Mrs. BL F. Hodgkins. M. H.. J. J., W. E.
and G. F. Barry, and sister of Mrs. Ellen Nelson.
Ila native of County Clare, Ireland, aged &7 years,
rAusrrallan papers pie:tse copy; |
. jJ3-Friends and acquaintances are respeet-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral I His DAY
(Suhdav). at J:3O o'clock p.m.. from her late
residence. 8 Glover street, off Joiies, between
Vallejo and Broadway, thence to St Bridget s
Church, wlw»r« services will be held. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery,
BLOW-In Berkeley,. February 14. 1896, U alter
W.. husband of Mary A. Blow, and father of A.
11. and Mary V. Blow, a native ef New York,
aged 63 years 10 months and 1 day. fNew
York papers ploase copy.]
•-a-friends and acquaintances are. resnuct-
fu'finvUed to auend the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock P. m., from hU ate
residence, 755 Jackson street, Oakland.. Inter-
ment private. ■ --."-.-' < ;-.'.::
DELAMORE— There will be an anniversary high
mass for the repose of the soul of the late John
F. Delamore at St. Paul's Chorch, Twenty-ninth
and Ciiurch streets. TO-MOBBOW (Monday), at
9 o'clock a. m. Friends are Invited to attejid.
GARDNKR— In this city, February 13, 1896,
Samuel, husband of Amelia L. Gardner, a nntivo
of Philadelphia. Pa., asred 75 years and 10
months. Philadelphia (Pa.) papers pieaso copy.J
flS" Friends and -acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at a o'clock p. m., from Pioneer Mali,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
GOGAN-In this city. Fobruary 14. 1896, William,
beloved husband of Mary Gogan. and brother of
Richard and John Gogan, a native of New Or-
leans, aged 40 years.
GUION-In Oakland, February 1.5, 1896, at the
residence of her dntiirhtr.r. Mrs. E. G. Kandol,
Mrs. Clara D. M. Guion, widow of the late Elija
Quion, chaplain U. S. A.
HANIFY— this city, February 15. 1896, John
. Meller. beloved son of Albert and the late Eliza-
beth Hanify. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and 4 months. ,
HENDERSON— In this city Februasy 14, 1896,
William J. Henderson, beloved brother of Ed-
ward T. and Milton J. Henderson, native
' California, aged 29 years 0 months and 26 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THI3 DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter <fc Co.. 122 Eddy street.
In;prment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HICKEY— In this city. February 15.1896, John
Hickey. a native of England, aged 61 years.
aS-Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at par-
lors of J. Godeau <fc Co., 326-328 Montgomery
avenue. ' .
LAUINGER— Entered into rest, Febrnary 13, '
1896, Charles F., beloved son of John B. and th*
late Mary Laninger, and brother of Mrs. M.
Donahue and John B. Lauinger Jr., a native of
Boston. Mas."., aged 46 years.
155-Friends are respectfully invited to nttenri
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock p. m., from his late residence, 2210 Jones
street. Friends will .kindly omit flowers. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. •
LAURICELLA— In this city, Febrnary 15. 1896,
• Joseph, beloved husband of Antonia Lourlcella,
father of Mrs. Dittman, Mrs. Yanl, Mrs. Lose-
kann and Joseph. Paul, Ralph, Tonnie and
Amelia Lauricella, and grandfather of Lillie and
Freddie Dittman and Harry, Joe and Ida Loso-
kann. a native of Italy, azed 6H years.
oS"Friends and acquaintances aro r«»DBCt-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p.- m.. from the par-
lors of Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 .Stockton
street. Interment Mount Calvary-Cemetery. '
LEVY— In this city, Benjamin Levy, aged 69
years. . A
LYNCH— In this city, February 12. 1896. Mary,
beloved daughter of John and Mary Lynch, and
sister of Michael and the late. Nellie and Annla
Lynch, a native of San Francisco, «ged 28 years
'1 months and 8 days.
SSS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 38 Gilbert street, thence tp
St. Rose's Church, Brannan street, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, February 15, 1896. Mamie,
beloved daughter of William and the latf Ellen
Lynch, and sister of Maggie and the late Hannah
and' Daniel Lynch, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years' 7 months and 10 days.
«3-Notice of funeral hereafter.
McCOOEY— In this city, February 15, 1898,
Michael McCooey, a native of County Armagh,
Ireland, aged 32 years. [Chicago papers please
copy.l
J6fH" Friends and acquaintances and members of
Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union are respect-
. fully invited fo attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at — o'clock — m., from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery^
McLAUGTILIN— A month's mind mass w'.ll be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the late
Mrs. Rose McLauchlin at St. Ignauus Church,
TO-MORROW (Monday), at 8 o'clock a. v.,
Friends are invited.
MORGAN— In this city ,-February 13, 1896, Joseph
1., Deloved son of the late James and Margaret
Morgan, a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years
and 21 days. • "
. «3"ir'riends and acquaintances are resDect-
fi'lly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from his Jate
residence, 1723 Turk street, thence to Holy Cross
CNirch, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 1 1. o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. >■';■-;
Y. M. I.— lgnatian Council No. 35, Y. M. I.: Mem-
bers of this council are requested to attend the
■funeral of our late brother, Joseph I. Morgan,
THIS DAY (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock A. If.,
from his late residence, 1723 Turk street. : .-.:., >
FRANK McGLYNN, President.
Wm. H. Rickabd, Secretary.
MULLKR— In this city. February 15, 1896, El-
more M., beloved son of Peter and Carrie Muiler,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 29
days. ',".'■:'"": '
NESTEL-^ln this city. February 13, 1896, Louisa,
beloved wife of August Nestel. a native of Kbnat,
Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 59 years 8 niomhs
and 24 aays.
*3TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Sunday), at 2 o'clock ,p. m., from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington'
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHELIN— In this city, February 4. 1896. Pehr
Lorans, dearly beioved husband of Margaret
Schelin, and brother of Erik -August Schelin,
a-native of Oland, Sweden, aged 44 years 11
months and 9 days.
- <Sf Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THI3 DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. jt., from his late resi-
dence, 718 Vallejo street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. . .•.•; -_,"r
STEWART— In this city, February 13, 1896,
Charles, hnsband.of the late Jennie Stewart, and
father of John, Charles, Jennie, Willie and May
Stewart, a native of England, aged 62 years.
*B"Friends and acquaintances ar* resnect-
, fully invited to attend the funerU THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets
. under the auspices ef Parker Lodge No. 124,
I. O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
K. op H.— Yerba Buena Lodge No. 1788, K. of H.:
Members are requested to attend the funeral of
. our late brother. Charles Stewart. Members will
meet -at lodgeroom. ■ Alcazar building, at 1
o'clock p. m.. and- proceed to place of services.
By order of Dictator,
R. H. NOBLE. Reporter.
WATSON— In this city, February 14, 1896.Charles
H., beloved husband of Frances S. Watson, son
of Colonel William 11. Watson, and brother of
! William H. and George P. J. Watson, a native of
New Orleans, aged 60 years 3 months and 1 day.
I Sacramen.o and New Orleans papers pleasa
copy. • r ,...--.
J»3~ Friends . and acquaintances are resn«ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. if ..from his late resi-
dence. 151 Octavia street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
WEATHERBY— In this city. February 14. 1896,
Charle ' R.. beloved husband of Catherine Weath-
erby, and father of Charlr-s J. Weather by, a na-
tive df New York, aged 63 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:50 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company. 733
Mission street, near Third, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by train-
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:45
o'clock a. m.
YOUNKINS— At the Needles, Cal., February 11
. 1896, Mary A., fceloved wife of James B. Voun-
kins, mother- of Irene Younkins, daughter of
Mrs. Mary Thompson of Berkeley. Cal., Rnd
sister of Mrs. Rose Chandler. Mrs. S. Springer
and Peter, Joseph and the late William S. Domi-
nic and Sarah Thompson and Mrs. J. Wyatt
a native of Boston, Mass.. aged 35 years.
JBS-Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday).- at 2 o'clock p. m.. from St. Francis
Church, corner Vallejo street and Montgomery
.avenue. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ZIMERMAN— On the steamer Zealandia, January
23, 1896, David, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Zimerman, a native of Pennsylvania. -
jJ9"Buried at Panama. 5
"" UNITED CNDEKTAKER8 1
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
■ ■ at Reasonablo Rates. : ■
_ Telephone 3167. 27* and V 9 Fifth street.
1
NICAVOY ACALLACHER, I
FUNERAL IMKKITORS A EMBAI.MfcIRS
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
Telephone 30S0.
JA«. MOMTBSOMKYr™"^ >^™™^uTVMrMii!v/»u-w 1
UMUKKTAKKUS AND UIBII Hf.B
1057 Mission Street. >>2r^eY«fh S '
I Telephone Ko. 3354. OPT * atn »
lAi< KNIU.IHII. . . ... T B. CAPKW
CAREW ENGLISH
. IMH UIAMKS am, BMBAXXeS
H NKRAL DHUSOTORB
M^:: H V^,"" lt Mar^ st - *■ ******
CYPRFSS LAWN CEMETERY
Uiitl, permimesu and t-Uv <>'» pvri '* lu * 1 «re; b«au*
iU * *'**•» • fit* H»U AtuiftInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
POLICE COURT CONTEMPT
The Opposition to Judge Wood
Is of Three Years'
Standing.
COURT'S LEGALITY DOUBTED.
Ex-Mayor Chapman Will Seek to
Have the Supreme Court
Upset Wood.
Oakland Office Sax Fhaxcisco Call,)
• 90S Broadway, Feb. 15. f
The recent cases of contempt in the
rohce Court have taken on a new interest
by the proceedings instituted by ex-Mayor
M. C. Chapman, who is the attorney for a
binaman now in prison for violating the
lottery laws. Mr. Chapman has prepared
a case that will be brought up on habeas
corpus proceedings. H fc contends that the
\\ hitney act. which created the present
Oakland Police Court, is invalid, and
that Judge Wood is not. therefore, the
legal occupant of the bench. On this
ground Attorney Chapman will apply for
the Chinaman's release, and if the
Superior Court denies the writ, he will at
once ko before the Supreme Court. .
Tne war against the police court and its
present occupant is of longstanding. It
began when Attorney Chapman was
Mayor. Police Judge Ogden was elevated
to the Superioi Court about three years
neo. Mayor Chapman appointed John
t Sands to the oflice and the Supervisors ap
pointed Fred V. Wood, the incumbent,
who was re-elected. There was a right for
the office, and eventually the Supreme
Court seated Wood. Ever" since that time
there has been a conflict. Attorney Chap
man handles the bulk of the Chinese
lottery cases, and in several instances jury
trials have been denied and appeals have
been taken. Recently the Supreme Court
sustained Wood, and the movo to have the
police court declared illegal is the latest
effort of Attorney Chapman to undo the
work of the Supreme Court of a year ago.
The many attempts to destroy the
foundation of the court's dignity has had
a marked effect on some of the attorneys
practicing before Judge Wood. hey have
concluded that he 18 arbitrary, and do not
hestitate to show their feeling.
Two months ago Attorney i'hil Walsh
•was adjudged to be in contempt by Judge
Wood, and Walsh claimed mat it* was all
due to prejudice, because he had issued a
circular denouncing Jud^e Wood as a
member of ihe A. P. A. when he (Welsh)
was dismissed from his post as official
stenographic reporter of the Police Court.
Walsti beat his contempt case on habeas
corpus proceedings, as Judge Wood pro
nounced judgment irregularly.
Yesterday • Attorney Garritv, who
handles nearly all the liquor-license in
fringers, had a tilt with Judge Wood.
There have been several little spats be
tween Wood and Garrity because of the
Judge refusal to aIIQW juries in misde
meanor cases, and appeals are now rend
ing. Garrity's habeas corpus case wili be
tried on Monday morning, and there is
some speculation as to the result. Follow
ing will come the proceedings on behalf of
the Chinaman by ex-Mayor Chapman, by
which he hopes to have the court declared
as having no legal existence.
The legal advisers of the Judge lau<;h. at
the proposed proceedings, and say without
hesitancy that there has never been a more
upright man on the bench, and that tbe
only opposition to him originates with
certain powerful interests in the city to
whom indulsrences are denied and whose
animus is of a political nature.
It Came to Naught.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 15.— District At
torney Snook has decided that there is no
reasonable ground for instituting proceed
ings against Mayor Davie for violating the
purity of election law.
It was represented to the District Attor
ney that in the statement of election ex
penses filed by John L. Davie on the 22d
of March, 1595, he swears that $S4 had
been paid for watchers at the polls after
the election. James Hopkirk, a member
of the City Central Committee, stated that
• the money for this purpose was paid to
him by Eugene Hough some tiniein April
subsequent to the date that Davie swore
that he had paid the same, and that
Houg!) stated that he had got the money
from Sheriff C. B. White, who put it up
for Davie. This would bring tbe payment
outside of the period prescribed by law
within which election bills may be paid.
Mayor Davie' has shown his vouchers to
tbe District Attorney, and that official has
decided that there is no cause for com
lint.
Kedfield's Attorney's Fees.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 15.— Harold A.
Redrield asked the court to approve a con
tingent agreement to-day made with S. P.
Hall and Senator Earl for attorney's fees
in the case of the applicant against the
Oakland Consolidated Street Railroad
Company. The agreement was that the
attorneys advance all costs, conduct the
case and'take oqe-third of the first $10,000
and one-fourth of any further payment.
Judgment was given for $14,000 ana $175
costs. The basis of the action was the
death of the plaintiff's wife in a streetcar
accident. By this arrangement the at
torneys receive $4333.
Young Men Populiats.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 15.— The Young
Men's People Party Club of Alameda
County was organized last nieht with
about twenty charter members.
Those present subscribed to the pledge
to support the Omaha platform and then
proceeded to effect a permanent organiza
tion by the election of Burdette Cornell of
Oakland as president ; J. A. Hennessy of
"West Oakland and Leo S. Itobinsoii of
Alameda vice-presidents; John H. Fuller,
secretary; John R. Elley, treasurer, and
Will H. Cornell, sereeant-at-arma.
I'ailciewslii'R Concert.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 15.— The an
nouncement that Paderewski will play at
the Macdonough next .Saturday evening
has met with much enthusiasm here. The
bale of seats begins next Wednesday at 9
a. m m yet already the box-office is besieged
by would-be ticket-buyers. His success in
San Francisco has.so intensified the popu
lar desire to hear him a3 to amount to a
craze, and his audience here will be as
large and fasbionable as any he has ap
peared before on the coast.
Wagner in Court.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 15.— James A.
Wagner, the former husband of the
mother of Abe Majors, one of the boy
burglars, who was brought back from San
Luis' Obispo, was in the Police Court this
morning. He left town suddenly instead
of returning to Oakland and payine ali
mony to his divorced wife. Judge Wood
will give a judgment on Monday, but
hinted to-day that Wagner ueea expect
110 mercy.
More Treasure-Seekers*
OAKLAND, Cai-., Feb. 15.— The treas
ure-seekers, who recently dug a hole in
%v est Oakland and looked for buried gold,
v re *'<w dicing near the jute mills in
-as=t OaKland. They dug a big hole near
a lonely oak tree and finding nothing quit
operations. The same performance has
thl cone through several times during
the Dast three years. i
Vor««ters to Entertain.
t -^ KLAN]) ' <: ' u -. Feb - 15.— A prand cn
terta nraent will be given by the Foresters
of Alameda County on next Wednesday
evening at Y. M. C. A. Hall, 524 Twelfth
street, corner Clay, at 8 o'clock sharp.
Oakland "Times" Sold.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 15.— Gavin D.
High of the editorial staff of the Daily
Report has bought the Oakland Times from
tlie heirs of the Poravroy estate. Mr. High
has made a contract for The United Press
service, and will also issue a Sunday edi
tion. A. H. Breed has no further interest
in the paper, Mr. High heing sole editor
and proprietor.
history: of a day.
Alameda County Happening;! Told in
lsi iof Chapters.
, Oakland Office San Francisco Call,*
908 Broadway, Feb. 15. S
Market Inspector Pierce confiscated a dozen
tainted geese this morning which were being
offered for sale by a free-market vendor. It
was the seller's first offense and no arrest was
made.
The Pacific Creamery and Cannery Construc
tion Company has entered into a contract with
an association of citizens of J.ivern:ore to erect
a creamery in that town on tbe Elgin centri
fugal system for #4100.
Chief Fair v. ill give the Fire Department its
repu'ar drill to-morrow. At 7 o'clock engine .i
will be taken out, at 9 No. 1 will be exercised
and at 11 o'clock the crews of cntrine 4 and
truck 2 will be put through the drill.
Early this marning abuugling attempt was
made to break ope:', the safe in the oflice of the
Alumeda and Oakland power-nouse in Ala-
The Courthouse of Lincoln County, N. Mex., where the Cowboys were tried who murdered Col. Fountain.
[From a photograph.}
meda. One hinge and the safe knob were
broken off and that was the extent oi the dam
aee.
Shortly after 7 oYloek this morning the Ala
rnedn broad-gauge local struck and w recked I».
E. l''-nop's bakery wagon, and bruised him
somewhat, at Pacific avenue in the West End.
The wagon is a total wreck, while Benop es
caped with a cut over the eye and a Jew small
bruises.
Antnne Valance is not to be tried. The Chief
of Police has laid all of bis evidence before
ProsecutiHK Attorney Melvin.who, aluer mve>
tigation, informed him that it is insufficient to
warrant the examining magistrate holding the
prisoner.
Thomas Gray was arrested in East Oakland
yesterday, where he frightened several persons
by his peculiar actions. It took two men to
pet him to the jail. It wp.s ascertained that
Gray had been confined in the Stockton asy
lum, but was out on parole, lie will be re
turned to the asylum.
H. F. Selier, a tea aud coffee acent. who lives
on Central avenue, a small street oil' the ifan
Leandro road, near Joe Dieves' place, was held
up last night by two masked men. He got off
the 12:45 car near his home and had gone but
a short distance when me footpads covered
him with revolvers and comDelled him
hand out his money, about $12.
READY TO RE-REGISTER.
Work on Alameda's New Great
Register Will Begin To-
Morrow.
As Theie Is No Money for Help, the
Affidavits Will Be Prepared
by Volunteers.
Oakland Office San Feaxcisco Call,!
908 Broadway, Feb. 15. (
The re-registration of voters of Alameda
County will commence on Monday next.
A long list of deputies has been appointed
by County Clerk Jordan, embracing every
town and city in the county, and a more
systematic method has never been known.
The Clerk returned to-day, after having
been occupied for an entire week swearing
in reliable deputies who have volunteered
to do the work. In former years the posi
tion of a registration deputy has been
looked upon as a political snap, but owing
to the absence of a clause in the new act
providing for extra compensation the
clerk has no fund at his disposal.
"There will be no difficulty in making a
register that will be one of the cleanest
and best the county has ever had," said
Mr. Jordan. "I am now making arrange
ments for handling the registration affida
vits that will reduce the chances of fraud
to a minimum. They will be arranged in
wards and precincts, so that I will be able
to keep at my lingers' ends the exact con
dition of affairs as they progress."
The opinion of the District Attorney
that no financial aid can legally be ex
tended to the clerk has been accepted by
Mr. Jordan, and he has arranged every
thing accordingly, and he anticipates
nothing mo*e serious than several months
of hard work for himself and deputies.
More than 150 deputies will be placed in
the field when all appointments have
been made.
How He Succeeded.
Speaking of pictures, a friend of ours
took her four-year-old to a photographer.
The child could not be made to sit still.
He of the camera was as suave as he
could be and worked every device of
gentle persuasion to make the little wrig
gler sit still.
Finally he said to the despairing mother:
"Madam, if you will leave the little dear
alone with me a few minutes I thint I can
succeed."
The mother had scarcely withdrawn
when she was summoned back by the
triumphant photographer, who exhibited
a satisfactory negative.
When they reached home the mother
asked: "Nellie, what did the man say to
you when I left you alone with him?"
'•He thaid," lisDed Nellie, "thit thill,
you little radical, or I'll thake the life out
of ye." — Spare Moments.
The Queen of Portugal has just passed
the examinations qualifying lier for prac
tice as a physician in the land of her adop
tion.
THE SAN IKAISCISCO CALL, SUKDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
DRIVEN FROM THE TOWN.
Oakland Residents Well Know
the Band That Killed
Fountain.
WEKE PROTECTED BY TROOPS.
Experience of an Editor Who Tried to
Run a Paper in the Cowboys'
District.
Oakland Office Pas Francisco Call,)
<JOB Broadway, Feb. 15. [
The kidnapping and murder of Colonel
Fountain of Las Cruces, N, Mex., is, ac
cording to trie story told by some residents
of Oakland, who were driven from that
town a few months ago, not an uncommon
experience in that district.
The Oakland party consisted of Mrs.
Mary E. Linde, a journalist from Hot
Springs, Ark., and her son-in-law, George
Mockwitz, wife and cnild.
Mr. Mockwitz is a geologist and mining
prospector and had gone to Lincoln
County from Paris, Texas, for the purpose
of prospecting, prepared to locate claims
lor himseif aud a rich Danish syndicate.
He found the country rich in minerals,
bnt the environments so dangerous that
he could not remain there with safety to
himself and family.
Mrs. Linde was offered the only print
ing office at Lincoln free if she would con
duct a weekly county paper. This offer
appeared generous, considering the fact
that it contained presses and type to the
value of several thousand dollars and that
the advertisements amounted to $250
monthly, at the rate of $10 an inch for
advertisements, from the cattle-ranchers,
known as '"brand ads," showing each
rancher's cattle-brand.
This appeared to be a grand offer until
it was discovered that no man had yet run
a paper acceptable to the cowboy element.
The last editor had had his nerves shat
tered by the actions of a band who had
taken offense at some news published.
Instead of culling for a retraction they
took tiie law into their own hands, rode
up to the office, opened a fusillade of pistol
shots, pied the type and scared the editor
aud staff into suspending publication — a
very wise precaution under the circum
stances.
It was Boon learned that strangers were
not welcome unless they would fall in
with the clique of cowboys that ran the
town, and Mr. Mockwhz was not one of
tneir set, so they determined to annoy
him. They took possession of his valuable
horses, and confiscated whatever they
could lay their hands on.
The birth of a little daughter in his
family compelled him to remain at Lin
coln two months, while he felt that his
life was not safe.
In the meantime Mrs. Linde bad written
articles for a paper at "White Oak in New
Mexico, a more civilized country, in
which she showed up the doings of the
j so-called cowboys, which this lady says
! are not the class general ly known at) cow-
I boys, but renegades of Texas, New Mexico
and all Western States. These articles
found their way back to Lincoln, making
her position as dangerous as that of
Colonel Fountain.
The cowboys swore that the family
should never leave Lincoln, and neither
could they until a message reached Fort
Stanton, ten miles distant, asking protec
tion for themselves. Captain Burbank re
sponded, and troops were sent over to
escort Mrs. Linde and the Mockwitz fam
ily safely to Fort Btanton, where they re
mained a short while, and later on were
protected by the Government troops over
a stretch of 140 miles to the railroad sta
tion en route to California.
In speaking of the experience Mr. Mock
witz says that he has traveled all over
America and Europe, but never encoun
tered a class of people so wholly lawless
and defiant as these outlaws, who are
called cowboys, which is a decided mis
nomer, for they are not like the cowboys
of Texas and elsewhere, but a lot of men
who recognize no laws but their own, and
revenge every real or fancied wrong with
terrible punishments, regardless of life.
The population of Lincoln is not over
1000 inhabitants, and the law-abiding citi
zens are greatly in tne minority, standing
in abject fear of the class that murdered
Colonel Fountain.
"I am surprised that he was allowed to
live even as long as he did," said Mrs.
Linde to-night, "after convicting the
twenty-two cowboys, who were among the
very worst 01 the clique that rule Lincoln,
the county seat of Lincoln County."
A SCHOOL POE MONKEYS.
An Institution Where They Are Taught
to Spell With Blocks.
There has just been founded at Calcutta
an institution for the education of mon
keys, says the Paris Journal dcs Debats.
Probably the prime movers of the affair
never heard of Professor Garner, the cele
brated American simiologist, who has
again gone to Africa to make an ex
haustive study of the language of mon
keys, or else they have deemed it easier to
teach the monkeys than to learn from
them in simian tongue. At any rate, one
of the methods employed in this strange
educational institution is the following:
A young monkey is taken and before
him is placed a set of blocks, on which are
painted in capitals the letters of tbe alpha
bet. These blocks are, in fact, exactly
similar to those which children play with
in every civilized country in the world,
and they are used in precisely the same
way as the monkey were a younir speci
men of the human race. There is one pro
fessor for each monkey, and the monkey is
taught by means of the blocks to spell cer
tain words. If the word is "fruit," for ex
ample, the monkey, after having been
taught to arrange the blocks so as to spell
the word quickly and without error, re
ceived a bit of fruit as his reward. The
same exercise is repeated with other
words, and it is hoped that in time the
simians will learn how to read and spell
and understand English if they cannot
speak it.
Only young animals are taken, for they
learn more quickly than old ones. There
is no danger of this queer school lacking
scholars, for there are thousands of
monkeys to be found in that part of India
where Calcutta is situated. An effort will
also be made, it is said, to educate these
beasts so that they may become fairly
efficient domestic servants. The school is
so young as yet, however, that what it
will accomplish is entirely a matter of
speculation. Its "professors" are enthu
siastic about their novel work, and seem
to think that a new field of usefulness will
soon be opened up for these chattering
little beasts.
ALAMEDA MILK ANALYSES
Dairymen Protest Against Hav
ing Records Bulletined
Weekly.
Charles Keller Sues for Divorce Be
cause He Was Deserted by
Wife and Family.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 15.— The milk
men who supply Alameda, at least those
j who are engaged extensively in the busi
ness, are going to object strenuously to the
setting up of a bulletin board in the rooms
of the Board of Health, whereon to chron
icle from week to week the result of tests
of the milk supply, as samples of the same
are taken from the cans that customers are
served from. It is represented that big
dairies, where the product of many cows
is mixed, will not hold its own alongside
of the product of one or two cows, kept by
the man who owns a spare lot and who has
fancy stock and keeps it in fancy style.
The dairymen declare that the competition
Will be unfair and be likely to greatly pre
judice consumers against them when there
wo uld really be no warrant for so doing.
But Veterinary Inspector Carpenter de
clares the bulletin board must be set up,
and it is now in course of preparation.
Charles Keller's TVoes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 15. — Charles
Keller has applied for a divorce from the
bonds of wedlock that unite him to Kath
erine Keller, and in his complaint tells an
unusual story. He was married nearly
thirty years ago, and has grown children.
Keller "moved to Alameda some six years
ago, being a skilled mechanic and having
secured work in the Pacific Coast Borax
Works. For some reason his wife refused
to come to Alameda to reside. She not
only refused to come, but she disappeared
from her husband's view and knowiedee, !
and he professes that he has not the least I
idea in the world whither she went. !
Keller is now in ill health. He was very '
il! a few months ago, but not one of his I
children, who live hi fc-an Francisco, came i
to see him. He resolved, seeing that they j
were so indifferent to him, to separate i
himself legally from them, mainly to the I
end that some reai property in "Nevada
City may be wholly in his name to dispose
of as he may see fit.
A Japanese Boy Arrested.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 15.— Mrs. Alfred
Lundquist of 1709 Eagle avenue swore to a
complaint yesterday on which a warrant
was issued for the arrest of a Japanese ser
vant named Yamada. She declares that
the Japanese came to her house to borrow
a book, but attempted to assault her. He
declares that the complainant called him
a Chinaman a number of times, greatly ir
ritating him, during a call made to inquire
why the lady was displeased with a com
patriot which he had recommended for
service, and that the discussion degene
rated into a slicht scrap. A hearing be
fore a local magistrate will be necessary to
get at the facts of the case.
Burglars Around.
•ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 15. -An attempt
was made at an early hour this morning
to commit burglary in the office of the
electric railway power-house on Webster
street. Entrance was made at a side win
dow by pushing aside the fastening with a
knife. The safe showed signs of havin<»
been tampered with, but did not bear the
mark of any decided effort to crack it.
The burglaT or burglars appear to have
been frightened away before they accom
plished their purpose, or else they were
timid and inexperienced hands, who weak
ened when they saw what a job was be
fore them.
A Man Disappears.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 15.— Alfred Erie
has joined, for a time at least, the lartre
army of mysterious disappearances. He
was a driver for the Palace Bakery, and
drew $30 of his wages last Wednesday,
leaving $5 still owing, and went to San
Francisco. " That was the last seen or
heard of him by his Alameda friends. He
was a very steady and" frugal man, and
that fact has added to the perplexity of
his employers.
CUT OFF IN HIS PRIME.
Commodore Blow of the Oakland
Navy Was an Old Con
federate Soldier.
FROM A PRIVATE TO MAJOR.
Well Known in Connection With
Aquatic Sports All Round
the Bay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
!X)3 Broadway, Feb. 15. j
Tlie sudden death of "W. W. Blow, the
well-known real estate man and canoeist,
came as a surprise to that gentleman's
numerous acquaintances in this county.
Although his tamiiy were not altogether
unprepared for the end, his business ac
quaintances did not know that he was se
riously ill.
He went to live at Berkeley about a
month ago for the beneiit of his wife's
health, she having been broken down
physically through attending her hus
band.
Mr. Blow's family was a branch of a dis
tinguished Virginia family. The deceased
was born in New York on April 13, 1842,
and was therefore only 54 years old when
the fatal attack of heart disea^2 ended his
busy life. Up to 1861 he was in business,
and in that year he went to Norfolk, Va.,
where he enlisted in the cause of the Con
federacy in the Norfolk Light Artillery
Blues, which was increased in member
ship as a consequence of the impending
conflict.
At Sewells Point he served with the
command in the lines. In the engagement
between the Monitor and Merrimac a flag
staff near the division to which Blow was
attached was cut in halves, the upper half
falling with the colors to the ground.
Blow seized the flag and climbing the
splintered pole replaced the colors at the
top amid the cheers of his fellow-soldiers.
General John B. Majatruder, who had
then resigned his commission as captain of
artillery in the United States army and
joined the Confederacy, heard of Blow's
valor and the nard fighter took the young
man into his own division. Mr. "Blow
remained in the service of the Confederacy
till the close of the war and at the surren
der of Appomattox he had climbed the
ladder from private to major of heavy ar
tillery.
Mr. Blow came to California in 1867 and
remained with the firm of Haggin <t Tevis
for many yeais. After severing his con
nection with that tirni he was engaged in
a brokerage business with his brother Al
fred. In 1870 he came to this city and
was married to Miss May A. Glascock.
daughter of the late Judge, and sister of
Hon. J. It. Glascock of this city. Since
coming here Mr. Blow has been "an active
hirure in real estate circles until July of
W. W. BLOW.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
last year, when he transferred his busi
ness to his son.
The deceased was passionately fond of
the water and in ISBG he organized the
Oakland Canoe Club, of which he was
chosen commodore and which position he
has held ever since. He was largely in
strumental in bringing about the success
of the club. The deceased was a member of
the Knights of Pythias, but belonged to
no other older. The funeral will be held
from nis home on Monday afternoon.
BONDING IS DEFEATED.
Berkeley Declares Against a
Debt at a Popular Elec
tion.
Neither Wharf Nor Schools Can Be
Built Now— Baseball at the
University.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 15.— The propo
sitions to bond the town of Berkeley for
$200,000, to be expended in the erection of
four new school buildings and a wharf, to
cost ?1 20,000 and $80,000 respectively, were
both defeated at the election held to-day.
The total vote on the school proposition
was 1134, the number cast in its favor
being 676 and those against it 458. The
number required for its passage, according
to the law of a two-thirds vote, was 756.
The total vote on the wharf proposition
was 1147, the number cast in favor being
652 and those against it 4 1 J5. The vote re
quired for its passage was 766.
The election throughout the day was al
most entirely devoid of interest, very lit
tle electioneering work having been done
in either the east or west end. So quietly
did it pass off that it was quite impossible
to make a forecast of the outcome from
any manifestations on the part of the
voters.
Many of the older citizens and those who
have been in touch with the entire work
ings of both propositions since their origin
believed that the outcome of the election,
from the very conditions which brought
them into existence, would be defeat for
both. Others thought that the school
J proposition, at least, would carry, because
of the greatly overcrowded condition of
both the high and grammar schools at
the present time.
N At the municipal election held last May,
1739 votes were cast, and the number cast
to-day, those on the wharf proposition
being in the preponderance, was 1147, thus
showing that only about two-thirds of the
j iegal voters of Berkeley participated in
this election.
It is generally believed that the down
fall of each proposition was due to the ex
istence of the other, that there had been
an extraordinary amount of antagonism
lest one portion bf the town should be fa
vored, to the exclusion of the other. The
two precincts in the extreme east end of
town polled a heavy vote for schools and
a comparatively light one for the wharf,
while in the extreme vrest end, in which are
included the Sixth and Seventh precincts,
the vote was much heavier for the wharf
than for the schools.
Since the school building proposition has
been defeated it is a matter of speculation
as to what the Board of Education will do
in order to provide proper accommodation
for the overflow of pupils in both the high
and several grammar schools.
University Baseball.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 15.— The Berke
ley juniors and the dental college nine had
an exciting game of baseball this after
noon on the university diamond, which re
sulted in a score of 27 to 16 in favor of the
dental college team. In the first three in
nings the juniors had things their own
way, but in the fourth the "dentists' 1 beean
creeping up, and from that on did distin
guished work.
They had found the vulnerable points in
the juniors' playing and made good usage
of tlieir discoveries. At the end of the
seventh inning the score stood 18 to 15 in
favor of the affiliated college men. In this
inning tney recorded eight runs. In the
next they made two to the juniors' noth
ing, and in the final seven to their op
ponents' one.
The dental college battery was particu
larly strong, with Morden as pitcher and
Wheeler catcher. There were fewer errors
on the part of the dentals than the juniors,
but the rapid base-running of the latter
largely counterbalanced this shortcoming.
Almost the entire dental college was on
hand to witness the game and cheer iheir
comrades.
Following were the players and their
positions:
Juniors. Positions. Dentals.
C. and A. Els ton Pitcher Morden
Carver Catcher W Heeler
Ra wrings First base Harvey
Goodlng Second base llayncs
Dean Third base Abraham
Miller Shortstop Monton
ll oag Bight field Jones
C. and A. Elaton.... Center field Miller
Saph.. .Left flelf* Arenellas
Youthful Offenders.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 15.— Martin
Wilbur, 12 years old, residing in West
Berkeley, was arrested by Deputy Marshal
Rawson for violation of the curfew ordin
ance in being on the streets after the pre
scribed hour of 8 o'clock. Justice Lord
sentenced him to three days in the town
jail.
Nicholas Strobel, aced 12 years, was sen
tenced yesterday to three days in the town
jail for jumping trains.
• — ♦ — <•
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John and Ada M. Blnkel to Peter Miehelettl, lot
on S line of Lombard strtet, 180 W of Gough, W
50 by 8 60; $10. *
John I.epori to Hugo Urban, lot on X line of
Olive court, 100 B of Union street, S 25 by E 75;
BM' 00.
Crawford and Harriet Ferris to E. A|geltinter, lot
on \V line of Bourbin street, 75 H of Eddy, N 50
by W SO; $10.
Louis T. Olsen to Alpheus Bull Jr., lot on N line
of Claystivet, 3 37:6 E of Locust. E 27:6 by N
127:814; $10.
Metropolitan Railway Company lo Market-street
Railway Company, lot on S line of Carl street,
127:5 W of Willard. W 75 by 8 125; also lot
on S line of Carl street, 202:5 W of Willard.
W 79:1,8 267:0^2. E 120:11. M 263:9;$ .
Frank T. Tilgner (administrator of estnte of An
nie F. Tilgner) to Edward I. Sheehan, undivided
1:12 of lot on X\V line of Howard street,
80:lls/ 8 SW of Lafayette, SW by NW 90; $720.
Levi strauss to Lev! Strauss «fc Co.. lot on SE
line of Market street, 242 ;6 SW of Brady, SW 25
by SE 124; $5.
Hannah AI. Brown to Laura J. Parkin, lot on E
lino of Chattanooga street, 175 S oi Twenty-third
S 30 by X 117: gift.
E. R. and Bella Lilienthal to Walter A. McCreery,
lot ou XE line of Steoart street, 137:6 NW of Mis
sion, NW 45:10 by SE 87:ti; $10.
Hans H. Kohler to KUse Kohler, east half of 100
--vaia lot 40, Second street, 275x137:6 on Kolsom
(S corner Second and Folsorn, SE 137:6 by SW
276); SI.
IS*. D. Thayer to Hannah Murphy, lot on SE line
of Freelon street, SO SW of Fourth, SW -_'5 by SK
90; $10.
John McDermott to Margaret McDermott. lot on
SW corner of Fifth and febama streets, W 73 by S
C 5; also lot on NW line of Minna street, 435 SW
of Tnird, SW 20 by NW 70: also lot on W line of
Tenth street, 60 SW of Minna, s\V 110:4 by X 120:
also lot on NE line of Folsoin stieet, 150 XEof
Fifth, >"E 26 by SE 90: Gift.
Henry Stern to Annie B. Chalmers, lot on X line
of A streer, 26:8 W of Twenty-third avenue, W
53:4 by N 100: $10.
E. and Lydia M. Maginnis to Sol Getz, lot on S
line of I street, 107:6E0f Twelfth avenue, X 25
by S 100; $10.
William J. Welch to Ada H. Allen, lot on SE
line of Arlington street, 388 SW of Roanuke, SW
25 by SE100: $300.
Annie .1. Nahl to George C. Smart, lot 8, con
taining 1.08 acres; lot 9, containing 1.20 acres,
block 1. Belle Roche City; $5.
E. H. Harford to Kate Spencer, lqfs 27 and 28,
block 44, City Land Association; also property in
Solano County; gift.
AI. AMELIA COUNTY.
W. W. and Francis I. Woodcock to George D.
C4ray, lot on NW line of Eleventh avenue, 337:6
NE from NE line of town of Clinton, thence NE
37:6 by NW 160, East Oakland; a!so lotonNW
line of Eleventh avenue, 412:6 NE iroin NE line
of Clinton, NE 37:6 by NW 150, East Oak
land ; $5.
Emma C. and 1,. D. Manning to C. 8. Lane, lot
on W line of Neilson street, 996.80 N of Oilman, N
37:6 by \V 100, block F. Amended Map Cbristlania
Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
o. F. Miner to Pacific Bank of San Francisco, lot
13J/>, block B, Amended Map Teachers' Tract
Berkeley; $10.
K. G. and Katharine O. Easton to H. C. Kldder,
lot on N line of Francisco street, 289:6 E of
Grove, E 50 by N 135, block 1), Junes Tract
Berkeley; SSIO.
Clnrinda P. Haleigh to Alice A. Kerber. lot on
\V line oi Second street, 100 N of Page, X 55 by
w' 125, block 31, Tract B, Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association; $110.
Charles A. and Alice <\ Bailey to VV. J. O'Brien,
lot corunifni'ing at n point in X boundary lot 14.
University Terrace, distant 155 from NE corner
of said lot 14, thence NE 40 to stake No. 48 in
center line of Panoramic way, thence SE 50 to
stake No. 47, thence S 160 to stake No. 27 in cen
ter of Panoramic way, thence SW 50 to stake So,
26 In center line of Panoramic way, thence N 200,
, to beginning, being portion of University Terrace,
except that portion of Panoramic way to be used
lor a public road, Berkeley! 55. •
- Joseph A. Leonard (a corporation) to C B.
Trocksell, tue B 10 fMi of lot B. block 59, aud N"
30 feet of lot A, block 60, Alameda Park Home
stead, Alarredti; $10.
John Scbomberg to Susanna Schomberg, lo: on
N line of Santa Clara avenue, 150 \V of second,
W 75:8 by iN* 144:3, beln? portion of land.s of
Teutoniai'ark and Honit»:U'ini Association, Ala
meda:-also ull real and personal property wbatso
everin Alameda County, Alameda; aiso all lease
hold interest la first party's name in Alameda
County; gift. - ■
Charles M. Martin to Kata F. SyDOlt, lot on S line
of Thirty-fourth or Brown street, 294:6 Vi E of
Grove, X 37:t! by S 100.55, subject to a mortgage
for $400. Oaklar.d; $10.
George and Nellie M. Schmidt to John S.Perez,
lot on \V line of Ninth street, 146:2 S lit Folaom, S
50 by . \V 130, block 63. Tract B, Berkeley Laud
»ud Town Improvement Association, Berkeley;
&10.
James Brown to Alice Edwards, lot beginning at
a point I'M \Y from S\V coruf-r of Audubon and
Haste streets, W 45 by 8135:2, being lot 10, sub
division of Bell property. Berkeley! $10. -
Katie S. and P. c. Brown (by attorney) to Mary
B. Colt, lot on s line of Haste street, l6fi W of
Audubon, W 45 by S 135:'J, beinjt lot 11, same,
.Berkeley; $10.
Fore in Brick Company to 11. T. Holmes JLirr.o
Company, lot on E line of Grand street, 150 S of
Dayton avenue, X to jiutent line road c?an An
tonio, thence 8W to E line of Grand street, thenc<>
iS T to begiiiniu^, block 8, Oak Park, Alameda; f5.
Builders' Contracts.
G. Pezr.olo with G. Banchero, to erect a three
etory building ou the W line of Lafayette street,
134:6 Nof Green ; $3000.
C. E. Gisin with L. B. Scbmid, to erect a building
on the XE corner of Sixteenth and Sanchez streets:
91860.
Mark Sheldon with M. J. Grant, alterations and
additions to building on the SE corner of Market
and i'irst streets; $10,i54.
Sweet Potato Whisky.
J. W. Crow has a small bottle of sweet
potato whisky that is a very interesting
commodity in this section of the country,
and not a familiar one to the world at
large.
The liquid is crude and white, as all new
whisky is, but it is the genuine old stuff
and not a counterfeit.
£ Among the home-seekers who have been
to this section lately was Mr. Hansburg, a
German, who is skilled in the distillation
of spirits. When he saw how abundantly
sweet potatoes were raised in this section
of the country it occurred to him that he
could distill whisky from them. Several
bushels of sweet potatoes were shipped to
him, and soon Mike Brown received half a
gallon of sweet potato whisky.
As a result of the success of the scheme,
arrangements are being made to distill the
liquor for commercial purposes.
If the residue can be converted into
starch, the sweet potato will soon become
one of the most valuable products of
Southern soil.— Augusta Chronicle.
• — ♦ — • —
The new Russian Mirrster to the United
States is Ernst Charles Kotzebue, and he
is of German origin. He was in the naval
service several years and comes of a fam
ily distinguished for its military service.
AUCTION SALES.
TUESDAY-
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 25, 1896
At 12 o'clock Noon-
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
A GRAND riECE OF
SUTTER-ST. PROPERTY,
Is known as the
South Side of Sutter St., 41:2' j East of
Jones St., Lot 65x137:6 Feet.
RENTAL $800 PER MONTH.
This new and elegantly constructed 5-story mod-
ern hotel buildintc, contains everything known to
architects for the convenience of patrons of a first-
class family hotel; it is subdivided into l'2O sunny,
cheerful and pleasant rooms, comprising grand
halls, elegant reception-rooms, pariora. billiard-
rooms, family rooms, in suit or single; fine eleva-
tor; in the basement is a complete outfit for the
elevator: laundry appliances), and everything that
the demands require for a strictly first-class house,
or if desired the building is well arranged and can
be rented for offices. Doctors, dentists, artists ami
all professional people are making Gutter st. the
great headquarters, resort and thoroughfare for
every profession useful to the human family. For
a professional not to be located on Suiter at. is to
be out of the swim.
Examine this property for an investment; a rare
opportunity fora large piece of Sutter-st. property;
a chance once in m lifetime.
PALATIAL RESIDENCE
And Lot 137:6x137:6 feet, on north line
of Broadway, 137:6 feet east of Fill-
more street — the very apex of Pacific
Heights.
This elegant mansion is one of the choicest
homes In this city; contains 18 rooms, comprising
Beautiful Parlors, Reception Kooms, Library, Bil-
liard Room. Elegam Dining-Koom and several
Bedrooms, Grand Hall, frescoo3 and elaborate or-
namentations throughout the residence; elegant
grounds, with stabie for several horses, and the
grand and imposing view of San FrmodsCO bay,
the islands, the .Marin. Sonoma, Napa and Contra
Costa Hills, and a constantly moving mariue pan-
orama-view uuequaled in the world.
Tlie.Munsion and stable and the entire lot, 1:J7:6
xl37:ti feet, will bz uttered as an entirety or
In Four (4) Large Subdivisions— JM:} 1 *
137:6 Feet,
Reserving the improvements. A more perfect and
sitely location for a home cannot be found in tln>
city. The homes of our best citizens surround this
mansion and grounds. Broadway Is bituminize<l
and In splendid condition. Car accommodations
to every portion of city.
Improved Sff, Corner Filliuore and
Jackson Streets.
Improvements consist of
8 FRENCH FLATS,
Of 7 and 6 rooms and bath and a bay-window
residence of a rooms and bath. This is one of the
choicest locations on Pacific Helmuts. Tiio prop-
erty is in quick demand for renting at all time*;
surrounded by street cars, accessiolo to any por-
tion of thocity. Examine this for an investment.
Full rents $235; lot 68:41/2x100 ieet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS So-VARA LOT,
Pouth line of Vallejo street, 137:6 feet east of
Fillmore. This Is a grand location for a handsome
palatial residence. Klegant. arid choice neighbor-
hood. The grand view associated with the I'iuilic
Heights is enjoyed by this property. Lot 137 :6 x
1*37 :6 feet. Car accommodations everywhere.
For catalogues, terms, etc.. inquire of
EASTON, ELDKIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
1314
ANNIE PARKER DROWNED.
The Missing Young Woman Is
Found in the Bay at
Baden.
OAKLAND'S MYSTERY CLEARED.
She Was Identified by Her Letters.
The Coroner's Jury's Verdict
Is Suicide.
Oakland Office San Fbakcisco Call,^
90S Broadway, Feb. 15, 1896. f
Miss Annie Parker is no longer missing.
Her brother's fear ana John P. Woods'
suggestion that the unhappy girl ter
minated her life have both proved to be
trt:e. This mornine her body was recov
ered near Baden. A Coroner's jury de
cided that the deceased committed sui-
C.'l?.
The cause that led the unhappy girl to
taiie her own life is as much a mystery as
it ever was.
Since the whole community around the
nay was startled at the strange story of
Miss Parker's disappearance told exclu
sively in The Call the last day of Janu
ary, the interest in the event has not
abated.
Mie-s Parker was of a family most of
are members in standing in
; . First Baptist Church. She was very
popular and well known. She had a
goodly sum of money in the bank. She
was not known to have any love affairs,
out suddenly she disappeared.
Her brother could give no reason for his
belief , but he has declared all along that
be had an intuitive fear that his sister had
ended her life in the bay.
For over three weeks the search has been
made by the family, but nothing was
learned, and now it is probable that the
tragedy is over. But it is still a mystery
and must ever remain so.
To-night, for the hrst time since Annie
Parker left her home, the stiades were all
drawn and there was no light in the win
dow, lloiiing against hope the relatives
of the missint: girl have nightly looked for
her return. When the neighbors looked
out into the darkness at any hour of the
night they have seen one shade about half
waj down and a bright lamp burning in
the window. It was the signal of loving
hearts to the wanderer, so that if she did
return the house would not present a for
bidding unwelcome appearance. But the
beacon of love was never seen, and now the
unhappy relatives know that it can serve
no good purpose any longer.
John F. Woods, who was the last person
who made an appointment with the dead
girl, and who was wrongfully suspected' ot
knowing where Miss Parker went, was at
his cabin home in East Oakland to-night.
He was as much stricken with grief as
though he were a relative of the dead girl.
He repeated his story of how Annie had
hinted at suicide, and how she had looked
at him when he made an appointment at
his place of business to settle some matters
connected with the store. On that occa
sion Woods delayed the appointment a
day, and Miss Parker said. "That will be
too late."' Now Woods knows what she
meant.
The secret of the tragedy is preserved.
If al! are speaking the truth no une Jiving
knows why Annie Parker left this world
and it is hardly probable now that the
truth will ever be known.
Judge E. E. Cunningham, the acting
__^ k NEW TO-DAT.
n %jr Will J//M
A warm shampoo with CUTICURA SOAP, followed by gentle applications of CUTICURA, the
great skin cure, will clear the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, allay itching, soothe irritation,
stimulate the hair follicles, and produce a clean, healthy scalp and luxuriant hair, when all else fails.
LADIES ARE ASSURED
that to cleanse, purify, and beautify the skin, to allay itching and irritation, to heal chafings, excori-
ations, and ulcerative weaknesses, to speedily cure the first symptoms of torturing, disfiguring skin
humors, nothing so pure, so sweet, so wholesome, so speedily effective, as warm baths with CUTI-
CURA SOAP, followed, when necessary, by mild applications of CUTICURA (ointment), the great
skin cure.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTICURA, 50c. SOAP, 25c. RESOLVENT, 50c. and $!. POTTER DRUG AND
CHEMICAL CORPORATION, Sole Proprietors, Boston/ U.S. A. ..British depot: F. NEWBERY & SONS, London" -
Coroner of San Mateo County, was noti
fied of the finding of the body at noon.
He summoned a jury'and repaired to the
wharf to view the remains. He had the
body lifted out of the water and removed
to his ollice, where the inquest was held.
In speaking of it he said: "On examin
ation of the body I found black tanned
gloves on her hands.
"In the pocket were 55 cents, two keys, a
crocer's memorandum, a book containing
the addresses of a number of persons and
a small memorandum containing a few
items. There was a bill to Miss Parker,
1169 Jefferson street, Oakland, Cal., of
goo^is bought of an Oakland firm ; a letter
addressed to Miss Annie Parker, IWJ Jef
ferson street, Oakland, Cal., signed Mrs.
Wood, 1116 Granmount avenue, Baltimore,
Md.; a letter without cover addressed
"Dear Annie" and signed "Mrs. Wood."
The letters contained no more than
friendly chapter about their mutual friends.
There was nothing which could be con
strued in any way to show that Mrs. Wood
knew anything of the dead girl's intention.
"When we became satisfied the body
was that of Miss Parker I notified the Chief
of Police at Oakland, who said some one
would come down to identify the remains.
We waited the conclusion of the inquest
until Mr. Parker arrived. After his testi
mony I asked him if kc thought it neces
sary to holJ an autopsy on the body. He
objected very strongly to any autopsy,
ana, as the jury was satisfied, I did not
press the matter."
Ai the inquest S. 11, Mariner, United
States lighthouse tender at South San
Francisco, testified: "At about 10:25
o'clock a. v. I was outside with my boat to
trim the outer light, when at a point about
300 feet north from the outer lighthouse,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16. 1896.
; I discovered something floating in the
! water of the bay, I drew my boat up to
; ascertain what it was. I found the body
i with the face down and full under the
! watnr, the back of the body projecting out
of the water. By the clothes I saw it was
' the body of a woman. I secured the body,
! and after fixing my lieht, brought it in to
! the wharf in front of the abattoir of the
! Western Meat Company. The distance
j from the shore where I picked the body
! up was about two miles.
"After reaching the wharf I turned the
i body over in the water so as to see the face,
: Mr. Patchell, superintendent of the pack
| ing-housp, being present. I then put
j Charles Farnum and my grandson to watch
! over the body until the Coroner could ar
! rive and take charge. The bands of de
j ceased were placed across tiie breast and
were rigid when 1 turned the body over."
H. W. Felton, M.D., testified: "I have
j made a thorough external examination of
the body found in the bay near Baden,
supposed to be that of Miss Annie Parker,
and I can find no external marks of vio
lence on the body made prior to death cx
i cept that are natural under the circuni-
MISS ANNIE PARKER.
[From a photograph.]
stances. Further, that all of her clothes
were in perfect order, as she would
naturally appear on the street, even with
gloves on."
Albert P. Parker, brother of the de
ceased, identified the body as that of his
sister. Miss Annie Parker, and testified
that she was born at St. Paul, Minn. "She
loft home on the evening of January 22,
l*rx;, at about 7:05 p. m," he said. *"\Ve
have made diligent search, but have had
no clew to her whereabouts until we re
ceived notice this afternoon that the body
had been found. She was in the
dressmaking business at 110U Jefferson
street, Oakland. The business has been
poor of late and she was somewhat dis
couraged. Her family, at about 11:30
o'clock on the evening of her disappear
ance, found that sMe had left her watch,
two rings and a neckpin at home. On the
next evening they found under the bed
clothes two purses containing money, also
her bank-book and some papers pertain
ing to the business. They therefore had
fears thai she had committed suicide."
After hearing this testimony and view
ing the remains the jury returned the fol
lowing verdict:
That the name of the deceased was Annie
Parker, nged 36 years, a native of St. Paul,
Minn., fi:ul by occupation a dressmaker; that
she came to her death on or about the evening
of January 22, 181MJ, at the city of Oakland,
Alameua County, State of California, by drown
ing by her own voluntary act, committed with
suicitlai intention. D. O- Daggett, M. Foley,
George Kacese, T. B. Black, Kichard Harder,
Thomas Horn, S. H. Kennedy, William Clesby.
At the conclusion of the inquest Mr.
Parker had the body placed in a box and
brought to Oakland, where he arrived
about 11 o'clock.
The theory has been advanced by some
of the friends of the deceased that she had
not been in the water longer than ten
days. It was about that time that the re
port was made that a woman had jumped
from the ferry steamer Bay City on her i
last trip from San Francisco. This was
denied by the officials on the boat the next
day. However, those who know of the re
port hold to the theory that Miss Parker
was the one who went overboard that
night. At Baden there is a great deal of
speculation as to how a body should float
from this end of the bay to that vicinity,
as such a case has not been heard of here
tofore.
WERE GENERALLY CLEAN.
A Tour of Market-Street Res
taurants by Inspector
Davis.
Ordered Galvanized Iron Slop-Barrels
to Be Substituted for the
Wooden Ones.
Health Inspector Ben Davis took up his
work of looking into the sanitary condi
tion of restaurants yesterday, by making a
tour of those on Market street.
In some of the places visited the propri
etors were inclined to object to what they
considered an officious censorship of their
affairs, but Mr. Davis explained that it was
simply a work for the benefit of the general
public, and in consideration of the obvious
fact that the public is an important factor
in the restaurant business, the explanation
was readily acquiesced in.
About the only fault the Inspector had
to find yesterday was with the material of
which the slop-barrels were composed. He
found only one of iron and that was with
out a cover. The rest were of wood. He
ordered the wooden barrels to be replaced
with galvanized iron tanks with tight
covers, and was assured that what he re
quired would be done.
Mr. Davis says he will make monthly in
spections of the City's eating places.'and
he expects, he adds, that when the restau
rateurs see that it is to their best interests
to have everything nice and clean, they
will co-operate with the health, depart
ment.
Tool-Sellers Arrested.
Warrants were sworn out in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday by I'olicemen S. B. Brun
ner and Peter S. Gillen, for the arrest of George
F. Tuttle and \V. V. Herbert, (or violating the
]K)ol ordinance. The two defendants are em
ployes ot Messenger & <'o.,2oLeidesdorff 6treet.
They were arrested and each gave $250 cash
bail.
DEEDS OF ANCIENT DATE.
How the Cemeteries of This City
Are Selling Burial
Lots.
RECORDED AFTER MANY YEARS.
The Richmond District Association
Will Inquire Into Those Trans
actions.
The Richmond District people, after
winning the anti-cemetery fight before the
Board of Supervisors, are vigilantly guard
ing their victory, and it is not without rea
son that they are remaining awake.
Notwithstanding the recent ordinance
passed by the board and signed by the
Mayor, interraent3 still go on in the City
graveyards at the average rate of fourteen
a day. During the last four days seven
teen bodies were buried in the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery, two in the Masonic, six in
Laurel Hill and eighteen in the City Cem
etery. One body came from Sausalito and
one from Vallejo, showing that not only
are the residents of San Francisco contrib
uting to the mass of bodies that will one
day have to be removed, but the surround
ing bay towns are called upon to contrib
ute to the generally undesirable burial
places.
Shortly after the passage of the ordi
nance it was reported that the cemetery
people would get around the clause for
bidding the further sale of lots for burial
purposes by giving away the ground and
charging a good round sum for the dig
ging of the grave. But looking closely
in to the new law it was found that it pro
vided for all such little emergencies, and
so they cast about for another road out of
the woods.
Whether they found it is not known,
but In the last few days the sales
of five buriai lots have been recorded.
The prohibiting ordinance was recorded
February 4, 1896, and all graveyard lot
deeds of a later date would be void, but
the cemetery companies have provided for
that and some of those deeds are hoary
with age.
In the Masonic Cemetery, lot 6 of sec
tion 12 v/as sold to S. Hammersmith for
$331. It is dated May 30, 1877, and was
recorded February 11, 1896.
In Odd Fellows.' Cemetery lot 35, avenue
plat section, was sold to W. Munder for
$200. It is dated September 17, 1893, and
was recorded February 14, 1896.
In Laurel Hill Cemetery lot 1161 was sold
to Isaac Swan for $00. It is dated Decem
ber 15, 1869, and was recorded February 10,
1896. Lot '2752 was sold to Sarah E. Wright
for $96. It is dated July 14, 1890, and re
corded February 10, 1890. Lot 2902 was
sold to George E. Decker for $200. It is
dated November 6, 1895, ana was recorded
February 10, 1896.
All of these deeds are recorded subse
quent to the recording of the ordinance,
but the ancient dates are supposed to save
them.
•'But they are blundering," said At
torney Charles Hubbs of the .Richmond
District Protective Association yesterday,
"because the Supreme Court has affirmed
the decision that a recorded instrument of
a subsequent date has priority over an un
recorded instrument of a prior date. This
is the law. and even if those lots were pur
chased at those early dates the fact that
they were not recorded till the recording
of an opposing instrument — a law — makes
them void. Why, the burial lot deeas
which those people are paying their
money for are not worth the paper they
are written on.
"Do they think a law may be gotten
around so easily as that? If all the ceme
tery associations have to do is date their
deeds back prior to February 4, 1896 — the
recording date of the law — why, all this
noise over the enactment of the ordinance
is useless, for the cemeteries can go on
and sell iots through all eternity.
"But I tell you a man can't validate a
lawless act simply by changing a few fig
ures. The ordinance said ihat no more
lots within the City limits should be sold
or in any way disposed of for burial pur
poses, and it meant just that. But it is
amusing how they go at it. Look at that
Laurel Hill deed to Isaac Swan dated De
cember 15, 1869. From 18(39 to 1896 is a
quarter of a century — a long time for a
paper to go unrecorded. Mr. Swan was
rather careless regarding his valuable
papers. Even Mr. Hammersmith, in the
Masonic Cemetery, with his deed dated
May 30, 1877, let that instrument lie in
the dust of nineteen years before he
thought of recording it.
"But the cemetery corporations are lay
ing up trouble for themselves, for not only
are they selling lots under deeds of anti
quated and invalidated dates, but if there
is any juggling with those dates they will
be exposed. Suits may be brought against
each person buying a lot, and he will be
forced to swear as to when the lot transac
tion took place. Then the cemetery people
wilJ be compelled to produce their sale
records in court, so I fancy the truth will
come out. You may say that the Rich
mond district folks," after having won so
much, ire not going to sit down aud let
this thing make of no effect their past
work.
"There is another thing we have in
view. The Italian Benevolent Society's
Cemetery, near the City Cemetery, can'be
removed without any difficulty. The reso
lution which gave them the ground pro
vided that io case of the removal of the
cemeteries or the prohibition oi inier
ments, the City and County will not be
responsible for any improvements made in
the lots, the use of which is hereby
granted.
"We have still another scheme in hand
for the development of Richmond, and
some day we will have that locality blos
soming as the rose. We are going to me
morialize our representatives in Congress
to have the City cemeteries removed and
the ground laid out in a Government park
with driveways, lawns and an ornamental
lookout station on or near Point Lobos.
It could be made a beautiful spot, fronting
the bay, the Golden Gate and the great
Pacific. These things will all come when
the graveyards are cone and the quick,
not the dead, inhabit San Francisco. 1 '
HOME FOE POOR GIRLS.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper Warmly Commends
the Girls' Home Directors.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper spoke on "Taking
care of the girls between childhood and
womanhood" Thursday night during the
annual meeting of the directors of the Girls'
Training Home at the First Baptist
Church.
She warmly commended the noble work
undertaken by the society. She said that
the method employed of preparing girls to
enter Christian families was the only true
method of caring for the unfortunate ones.
She advocates, however, that the pirls be
given an industrial training, that they
may be taught what is useful to them in
their household duties.
It Was Dr. U. 11. Hart.
A long, hard fight was made before the
Finance Committee of the Board of Super
visors Friday morning, for money to better the
sanitary condition of some of the public
schools by a short, gooa-natured looking man
with a high forehead. He spoke earnestly and
answered a volley of questions in a way that
Bhowed he had made an exhaustive study of
the cause he cnampioned. The fight was re
corded, but the plucky tighter was spoken of the
next morning as Dr. Rosenstirn. Dr. Rosen
otirn, though, was not even present at the
meeting. It was Dr. Henry H. Hart of the
Board of Health who spoke and who has not
locked so good natured since all his labor was
accredited to some one else.
' NEW TO'DAY.^^^^ -.o^ww^ww-.^.^^.
WASHDRESSFABRICS!
SPRING 1896
We take pleasure in calling the attention
of the public to our legant assortment of
NEW COTTON WASH DRESS FABRICS
which we have just opened. We have never
shown better styles and the prices are ex-
ceedingly low.
20 cases 36-INCH PRINTED PERCALES (Light and Dark
Colorings) -------- Price 12Jc a yard
15 cases 28-INCH PRINTED DUCKS (all new patterns)
----------- - Price 12k a yard
6 cases 32-INCH SCOTCH ZEPHYRS - - Price 20c a yard
10 cases 27-INCH TOILLE DU NORD GINGHAMS - -
------------ Price 10c a yard
5 cases 32-INCH PRINTED IRISH DIMITY (all new de-
signs) --------- Price 25c a yard
2 cases 32-INCH FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES (ele-
gant designs) ------- Price 40c a yard *
lease 31-INCH COLORED DOTTED SWISS (assorted
colors) - - -- - - - -- Price 50c a yard
EXTRA SPECIAL!
100 pieces 36-INCH SILK STRIPED TENNIS FLANNEL
; 40c a Yard
Write for Samples of Above Goods.
ill, 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
SAY- mister! youve dropped youi*
PLUG
The largest piece of
Good tobacco
ever sold for 10 cents
sQc7trial : sets
* Choice Bulbs and Plants. /
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 s«rts, strong plants 50c ; V• ■
" B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 50rt5.......'......'. 50c I . Any
C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c • ■ J
' D— s Superb double Petunia« t '5kind5.;...'..:.r...'...50c I 3 Sets
E— s Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc • FOR .
G— lo Klegaut everblooming Roses, 10 kinds 50c tt ,o -
K— lo Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Kuchsia, 1 Heliotrope;" • «t>l'*°
1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, r Geranium, , OR -
.1 Solaum, ; 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, ■ 1 Hydran- 5 ' Sets
■ ■-,: gea, 1 Chrysanthemutn ..'. .....'.::.. ..50c ...
»f\ w-i 4. Qlnntn m 3 P lants New Calif. Violet, FO * ,_.
12 Violet Piants, sue, 3^ h f tc^ i^ ri^ I i o a v Y s n c le ■ 2^
CpiflH ff»r OUT Illust ted Catalogue. It containsa
£?CIIU lUr UUI complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
Fruits; - our latest importations from Germany,- France, England
Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vere^
übieseeds. QOX SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francisco
. r*: ~~ *N, 413 Sansomo StreetAbraham Lincon
THERE is an active, alert little '
woman, 70 years of age, but who
wears the appearance of not more
than 55, living up on Mason
street, who was a familiar neigh
bor and friend of Abraham Lincoln during
his early years and until the time he was
elected to the Presidency. She is Mrs.
Annie Heibach. With her husband she
came to California in IR(J2, her husband's
sympathies not being strong enough with
North or South to lead him to enlist, and
when it came to the period of the draft his
nogative feeling caused him to wish to
avoid it. Tne husband is now dead and
Mrs. Heibach lives with her two
daughters.
The little woman's memory is charged
MRS. ANNIE HEIBACH.
"7 rsrn't remember a thnr when I did not kii""' Abe Lincoln,* 1 said Jlfrs. Heibach.
[Sketched from life by a "C'aZZ" artist.]
with incidents of her early life in which |
Lincoln figured. Her father's family and I
his were neighbors both in Indiana and j
Illinois, and she may be said almost to ]
have grown up with Lincoln. Her mem- I
ory of the events of those pioneer days is
perfectly clear, although she does not at
tempt to cite dates for any of them. They
were simply the everyday affairs of her j
jdy life, to whion she had no occasion to
ich the month and year.
Her father was James L. Grant. He ;
was an Englishman and a lawyer, but
while he had no faculty for money-mak
inc, neither was he devoted to his profes- '
Bion, although he gained some local emi
nence in it ana was deemed quite an
orator. He was a friend and in the early j
nays a champion of Lincoln. Mrs. Hei- j
bach claims the honor for him of having
rirst proposed Lincoln for the State Legis
lature, worked hard for his election and
predicted greater thing? for him as the
years would run on. Mr. Grant's people
were wealthy, and he baa come out on the
plains of Indiana and afterward to Illinois
with a collection of books that formed for
the time and place quite a fine library. He
did not practice law much, but bought a
big stretch of land and raised cattle.
"I cannot remember a time when I did
not know Abe Lincoln' 1 said Mrs. Hai
bach yesterday. 'It seems to me that the
two families, his and mine, were always
neighbors. I remember him as a tall,
lanky boy, who was good-natured and
kind to everybody, and was constantly
doing favors for some neighbor. I remem
ber as a little girl that we lived in In
diana—that is, I have since learned it was
Indiana. Then I remember that the Lin
colns moved away, and after some time we
moved also. The country where we set
■vas wild and there were few people.
P..: 1 found that the Lincolns were again
among our nearest neighbors. I very well
remember the first visit that Lincoln paid
upon our removal to the new country,
which was Illinois. You should have
s<>en him. He was then very tall and was
dressed in the roughest clothes.
"His pants were like bags and were
stuffed into the tops of his boots. They
were so big he couldn't get them all in,
and they hung down over tne front in a
comical manner. But he romped and
played with the children like a great big
schoolboy.
"About this time I considered Lincoln
the ugliest person I ever saw, but in time
his face grew to be good-look'ng. I don't
know what kind of work he was doing
a^out this time, but think it was that of a
LINCOLN WORKING BY TIIE FIRK.
{ A n i/tu*tratirm in MoClure's Magazine, from which the above picture was reproduced, rep
repretents Lincoln extended at full length before the fireplace ciphering with a piece of
charcoal on a broad uoodtn shovel. This wax the time when Mr. Grant, Mm. Heibach's \
father, was first attracted to young Lincoln. " / remember, him then as a taV, lanky
b4y, who was good naturcd and kind to everybody," says Mrs. lleibach.]
farmhand. I know his folks were awfully
poor, and Lincoln would be absent from
his home for weeks at a time. c
"My father took a great interest in him,
and allowed him the freest use of his
library. This Lincoln appreciated greatly,
and availed himself of it as much as his
work would permit him to do. He would
read in our house and often take the books
to his own home. Then 1 remember he
became a candidate for the State Legisla
ture. My father was among the hrst, if
not the first, to bring forward his name for
the nomination. At tins time, you under
stand, I had no idea that Lincoln was any
body more than a woodsman, while my
father was quite a bis: man in the commu
nity. He was well read and made speeches.
! He had no political ambitions, however,
i or, indeed, was not much at money-mak
i ing. We all lived in log cabins ana in the
S very plainest fashion.
"My father was interested in Lincoln
; not so much because he showed signs of
greatness but because he- was so thor
oughly honest and good. I think he was
j as near perfect in that way as a man could
' be. I don't think an evil thought ever cn
| tered that man's head. He would not
| take the slightest advantage of anybody.
| If he had a horse to swap he wanted to see
; the other man get as good as he gave.
My father worked very hard to secure Lin
| coin's election to the Legislature, going
| about the country making speeches and
i electioneering.
"But as for myself," continued Mrs.
Heibach, "I never took any particular in
terest in Abe Lincoln, and that is one rea-
I son perhaps why I cannot fix the dates of
j any of these things. He was the last one
\ of our neighbors that I would ever have
j thought of being a great man. But when
I think of him now I can see that he was
different from the other men. There was
| something about Him that made him
j everybody's friend. He always had a
i smile on his face when he talked, but
I when he was studying one of my father's
I books he looked so serious that he seemed
| to be sick, and always frightened me so
that I seldom went near him.
"For several years alter that I don't
know just when I saw Abe Lincoln and
when I didn't. He seemed to be around
I most of the time, no matter where we
lived. I remember when he was married
' and when Robert (Bob, we called him)
was born.
"But during these years Abe Lincoln
| was becoming a great man," said Mrs.
i Heibach after a pause. "He never forgot
j his old neighbors, though. I recollect
once, when he had got so that everybody
looked up to him. that he called to see
my father on some important business.
j He had a number of State officials with
him, and was dressed in what were con
sidered tine clothes in those days. After a
few moments' conversation Lincoln left
the party in the front room with my father
| and went out into the kitchen to see my
; mother. There happened to be some
potatoes roasting in the asjies at the time,
and Lincoln saw them. Reaching down
he scraped one out, and after rubbing it on
his elegant black pants to clean it asked
my mother for some salt. She protested
and wanted to cet him a plate, but he
wouldn't allow it, and broice it open while
I standing in front of the fire and ate it with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
great relish. This is interesting only in
trie light of his after greatness, of course,
for that is the way the Lincolns them
selves roasted potatoes and ate them,"
said Mrs. Heibach, with a smile.
"Shortly after that," she continued, "I
was married and don't remember seeing
Lincoln again. My father and mother
died and rqy brothers and sisters moved
away, so that our family was broken up.
Once after Lincoln was elected President
he wrote me a letter in regard to some
business. I did not think very much of it
and of course it got lost. It was only after
he was killed that I got to thinking much
about him, and even then it seemed hard
to realize that one of the greatest men
that ever lived should be the same Abe
Lincoln that used to run about our nousc
on such familiar terms, never caring a
whit about his appearance.
"What wa3 his letter to me about?
Well it was in answer to one I wrote him.
After my father's death we learned of an
interest we had in the estate of his father
in England. We had no one particularly
to turn to for advice and one day I sat
down and wrote Abe — Mr. Lincoln, he
was then at the White House, Washing
ton, telling him all about it. Almost by
ret.urn mail the answer came, written in
Lincoln's own hand, expressing his sor
row for our loss and his in the death of
his old friend Grant, and telling me to
make out the papers and send them to him
and he would attend to the matter for us
and that it would not cost us a cent.
"I did so, but there was interference
from some others in our family, which was
a large one. One wanted to do one tiling
and another wanted to do some other.
This probably illustrates more than any
thing how difficult it was for us women
to believe that our old neighbor, Abe
Lincoln, was wiser than anybody else,
even though he was then President of the
United States. I put no value on his
autograph letter, and allowed it to be de
stroyed or lost — perhaps threw it in the
tire myself. And as for his advice it was
overruled by the others in the family, his
offer of assistance, which would doubtless
have served us to the full accomplish
ment of wiiat we desired, was ignored.
We put the matter in the hands of a
Chicago banker ami lawyer and never
got anything out of it."
It was only after the death of Lincoln
that Mrs. Heibach began to appreciate the
real greatness of her one-time neighbor.
She says she has always been dillident
about bringing her knowledge or relation-
I ship to him to public notice, although she
THE RARE PICTURE OF LINCOLN.
[The above illustration, which is reproduced from the New York Press, represents Lincoln
as he appeared when he first entered Congress in 1846.]
realizes now that they must be of general
interest. Once entered upon the subject
she delights to recall and dwell upon the
incidents in her life associated with that
of the martyred President. Of these there
seems to be no end. In speaking of him
her mind leaps from one occasion to
another with great rapidity, and
without regard to order or sequence.
She will tell of how she once
pushed him into a mud-puddle
when she was a small girl and in the next
breath tell of some happening of years
Jater. But it is all so marked with the
strong: individuality of Abraham Lincoln,
boy and man, that there is no mistaking
it, and it is all very interesting. With the
exception of dates the old lady's memory
is remarkably clear and she tells her story
with vivid detail. Mrs. Heibach is a very
well preserved old lady, her face showing
but few wrinkleß, her eyes are clear and
bright, and she reads without the aid of
g'asses. ___________
Beautie* of Colonial Architecture.
Nothing is much better as a model for
American domestic work than colonial
architecture of the early part of the
century; nothing is worse than
"modern colonial," for to the popu
lar architect a house may be made
colonial by covering a confused plan and
a chaotic exterior with details unintel
ligently copied from old colonial furni
ture. He is serenely ignorant of the
fact that what is good in an old colonial
house is its superb frankness, straight
forwardness and simplicity. From a pur
ist's- standpoint much colonial detail evi
dences a debased taste, and is merely the
result of an uneducated builder's attempt
to call to mind the work with which ho
himself was familiar in England. But
aeainst the plan and general mass of an
cient colonial houses no criticism what
ever can be brought. — Ladies' Home
Journal.
BEATING HEARTS STUDIED
A Stanford Scientific Girl Takes
Them Out by the
Score.
PROBLEM OF WOMAN'S BREATH.
Pursuing Secrets of Life in Dogs,
Turtles and Boys in a Physio
logical Laboratory.
There is a bright young lady student
down at Stanford University who is dili
gently, month after month, working away
with hearts that she keeps palpitating for
hours after ttiey are torn from the places
where they grew.
Miss Evelyn Briggs is studying the "re
fractory period" of the heart, and to find
out about that mystery scores of still beat
ing hearts have been sacrificed on electric
brass altars in the university laboratories.
Of course, they are not human hearts that
are thus grimly toyed with on the border
land between life and death, but it is a
highly important secret of the human
heart that Miss Briggs is ardently pursu
ing.
They are the hearts of mud turtles that
keep up the interesting procession from
the bay marshes to the pneuinographs.
As has long been known the heart of a
turtle or a frog can be kept beating for
many hours after death if it is supplied
with blood or even a proper salt solution.
If a turtle's heart is removed promptly
after death and put into blood it will lie as
though dead for about four hours, and then
will begin its rhythmic contractions just as
though it was where it belonged and the
turtle had come to life again.
Among the great number of scientific
machines in tne physiological laboratory
down there is a rather complicated little
one in which a turtle's heart is placed and
kept pumping blood from one bottle into
another. The heart is piaced in a little
glass bulb, at the top of wriich are tubes
which are connected with the openings in
the heart. Rubber tubes connect with two
reservoirs placed about on a level with the
heart and the heart will pump away
for twenty-four hours or so without
getting tired. No stimulus of any kind is
applied. By a delicate mechanism the
movements of the heart cause a» pen to
graphically and exactiy record them on a
moving paper ribbon. By this means the
physiological action of the heart can be
studied to great advantage. There it is
right before the observer's eyes, and the
strength, time and faintest variations of
movement are plainly recorded.
This shows that tne power and tendency
to contract la inherent in the heart itself
and that each contraction is not due to a
stimulus involuntarily supplied by the
nerves reaching the heart, as has been
supposed up to a comparatively short time
ago. The heart works away like an inde
pendent thing ot life within us. The
I nerves reaching the heart only regulate its
' movements, and only to a certain'extent.
Through the nerves the effect of drugs,
I of mental states and the need of the body
for more or less blood is conveyed to the
heart, retarding or hastening its move
ments.
Tne study of the movements of the
heart with the aid of the minutely precise
recording machines show that there is a
certain period in a heartbeat when the
! movement cannot be affected. The heart
I sets the limit to the extent that it will be
interfered with. If an electric or nervous
stimulus be applied just after a contrac
tion has begun that contraction will not
be interfered with and the stimulus will
have to wait until the heart is ready to be
affected by it. The period in a beat dur
ing which the heart maintains its inde
pendence is called the refractory period.
Another of the ways in which the heart
asserts its independence is in way in
which it maintains its rhythm. If a quick
stimulus is applied, making one quicker
contraction— making the heart lose step
it will give a very slow contraction to
wait for the regularly rhythmic instant for
the next beat. All these things are studied
with great detail in the physiological
laboratory.
Miss Briggs' study of the refractory
period deals with a special unsolved prob
lem. It is disputed among physiologists
whether the power of contraction resides
in the heart muscles themselves or in the
nerves and ganglia of the heart itself.
When the turtle's heart beats away in the
glass bulb, Is the power resident in the
muscles or in the nerve matter among
them? Now Miss Briggs is tackling this
problem. Her investigations will be an
important contribution to physiological
science, and she may possibly achieve
quite a famous triumph.
She is now working with a slice of the
heart only. A piece of heart muscle
placed in blood will contract, too, as the
whole heart will. She is taking the apex
of the heart, in which there are no ganglia
and but few nerve filaments, tying a piece
of thread to each side and connecting it
so with the pen of the recording machine.
She is trying to find out if the refractory
period under all sorts of conditions is the
same for a piece of heart muscle with no
nerves in it as it is for the heart and its
nerves together, and many turtles must
die that sufficiently extensive studies may
be made.
Miss Briggs' ardent efforts to locate the
residence of life-energy in the heart seems
a little like the efforts to find where the
soul resides.
There are lots of other interesting and
important original investigations being
pursued by advanced students in this as in
other departments of the university. Orie
inal search for truth is the spirit that per
vades Stanford University.
There is Mis 3 Mosher, a post-graduato
student and instructor in hygiene, who
has tackled the disputed question about
the natural physiological difference be
tween the breathing of men and women.
The books have always said that men
breathe more with the abdominal
muscles and the women more with the
thoracic muscles. But the books are al
ways being corrected and great physiolo
gists are now disputing about this point.
Thousands of graphic records displaying
every respiratory movement of men have
been made, but comparatively few women
have stood and breathed that machines
might tell just how much they used the
upper, middle and lower parts of their
chests in respiration. Of course there are
fewer opportunities to make such meas
urements of a large number of women
than of men.
Miss Mosher is supplying that lack
somewhat. Over in the girls' gymnasium
she has set up various kinds of scientific
apparatus, and every girl in the university
is being harnessed up beside a cylinder
that rolls a ribbon of paper past pen
points, while a long pendulum, as it
swings on the wall, clips a needle through
a dish of mercury, and so every second
makes an electric connection which jerks
another pen on the record and marks the
time beside the curves which exhibit the
muscle movements.
Sometimes rubber tubes are clasped
around the body at three places and the
degree of movement at inspiration and
expiration is recorded as the result of the
changing air-pressure in the tubes. Then
there are other instruments which,
when attached to the body, serve
to convey the respiratory movements
to the machine. There are also
spirometers and so on for measuring lung
capacity and tapeline measurements are
recorded. It requires a great number of
observations to supply material for deduc
tions of any value, but Miss Mosher has
got so lar along that she expects to demon
strate in a scientific paper, to be produced
this year, that when women breathe
mainly with their costal mussles it is the
result of tight clothing, and not according
to nature's plan.
The Stanford girls breathe for science in
their ordinary tight clothing, and then in
loose and pretty gymnasium costumes of
blue blouse and short skirt, in which they
daily trip over the short path between the
side door of Roble Hall and the gymna
sium in the rear. One of Miss Mosher's
dilliculties is that it is often hard for the
girls to breathe naturally and without
conscious effort when they are hitched to
the machine. It is Miss Mosher's opinion
that in many cases tight clothing has
changed the type of breathing, but that
nature intended women to breathe as
deeply and freely as men. Miss Mosher's
experiments with Stanford girls will soon
give another Stanford University contri
bution to science.
There is another young lady who is put
ting very young mice in cold baths and
measuring the increased amount of car
bonic acid gas given off in respiration as a
result of the increased consumption of
carbon in the natural effort of the body to
keep warm. It is rather a delicate trick to
measure jiust the extra amount of carbonic
acid gas in the breath of a baby mouse
when it is feeling chilly. There is nothing
foolish about this. It is a known fact, of
course, that warm-blooded animals will
internally consume more carbon when the
body's heat needs to be kept up. There are
certain animals which for a very
short period — in some cases not more
than a few hours after birth — do
not »have this power to increase
tbeir consumption of carbon when more
heat is needed. The existence and the
lack of this power and its development
may be seen to constitute a scientific prob
lem of interest to a scientist who is pur
suing truth for its own sake. The stu
dents in the regular course of their lab
oratory work perform these and similar
physiological experiments with mice, but
the young lady mentioned has taken up
one definite, unsolved problem and is pur
suing it. There is nothing very cruel in
the operation, because the mice are only
made a little chilly and fixed so that the
breath they exhaie can be taken care of.
The carbonic acid gas exhaled is absorbed
by chemicals, by the way, and then
weighed.
Then there is A. B. Spaulding, the foot
ball-player, who is another one of the ad
vanced students doing interesting work in
the physiological department. He is
studying the pineal gland — that long
mysterious part of the brain of man and
all animals which comparative studies
have proved to be a rudimentary third eye.
The pineal gland is the remains of an eye
in the back of the head which has long
been lost in the process of evolution. It is
most nearly an eye in the lizard, and in
the lizard is Plainly shown what the
pineal gland was intended for. The full
full-grown lizard shows a scaly sign of it
on top of his head, but it is in the embryo
lizard that it is most nearly what it once
was. Mr. Spauldiag is making long and
elaborate studies of the brains of embryo
lizards. In one of these brains is displayed
on top of the head an almost transparent
scale and just under it what is plainly a
crystalline lens. Mr. Spaulding has a great
numDerof interesting microscopic slides
showing the structure of this lost eye at
the point where it now reaches its highest
development. He has also made enlarged
wax models of the brain in sections, and
they show the protuberance where the
eye is at the back of the head and an open
ing running down into the brain. The
main importance of the work that Mr.
Spaulding has done has been the recent
discovery of some filaments which he and
Professor Jenkin3 are inclined to think
are nerve filaments of a retina. If this
turns out to be so it will be a distinct and
important discovery.
The regular laboratory work which con
somes every afternoon is much of it quite
as interesting as these special scientific
investigations. There are 175 young men
and women taking the physiological
course, about one-third of whom expect to
become physicians. Professor O. P. Jen
kins is at the head of the department, and
he is an enthusiastic and progressive
worker who inspires enthusiasm among
his students. Textbooks are not made so
much of down there as they generally are.
Pnysiology, biology, anatomy and allied
sciences are studied on modern scientific
Taking a graphic record of the respiratory movements of a Stanford Co-Ed.
[From a photograph.]
principles. Physiology is generally taken
to be the study of whether one ought
to eat hard or soft eggs and when to
take salt water baths, but at Stanford
it is pursued as a science, and by the most
modern educational methods. There are
now at Stanford more students doing the
latest laboratory work than there are in all
the other universities of America put to
gether. They get at the laws by which
the different parts of the human body
work, and do it by finding out for them
selves. A world of problems are solved
by the students. They measure for them
selves the velocity of nervous impulse;
the effect on nervous action of tempera
ture, drugs, and so on; the effect of vari
ous conditions ana stimuli on the nature
and power of muscular contraction, etc.
They study arterial pressures, the control
of different sets of nerves over circulation,
and they study respiration and other
physiological functions in all sorts of
ways.
This educational work involves a great
slaughter of the lower ai:imals in
that part of Santa Clara County. They
don't need any pound for dogs
about Palo Alto. If anybody wants to
get rid of a good-for-nothing cur they
can find plenty of Stanford boys who
will joyously take charge of him and lead
him to the physiological laboratory, where
his last unconscious gasp 3 and his faint
dying heart beats will be caught on a paper
ribbon and preserved. Likewise cats. The
Stanford boys, however, never steal dogs
or cats, despite rumors of mysterious
feline disappearances. Then tLe boys set
traps for mice and rabbits, tramp off to
the marshes to catch frogs and turtles and
to the woods for lizards and other things.
The fishermen and marsh hunters down
there know the home turtle market.
They don't do much in the way of vivi
section, and whenever it is done the vic
tim peacefully sleeps under the influence
of anesthetics. A number of dogs have
recently shown in the laboratory how
their blood circulated. In the study of
the circulation of a dog he is placed on a
laboratory table and chloroformed. Then
a canula is inserted in an artery of the
neck and connected by a rubber tube with
the big and complicated recording
machine, which is run by an electric
motor, while a long pendulum, with elec
trical connections, marks the time. C. XV.
Green, who is an ardent student himself,
will show how to bare the vagus nerve
leading to the heart and then it is touched
with an electric wire.
The recording pen which has been mak
ing rhythmic zigzag lines on the paper in
response to every infinitesimal change of
heart pressure, will appear to have a fit for
a second or two and there on the paper
will be seen just how the dog's heart spas
modically contracted. Then drugs and
poisons such as pylocarpin, bromo caifein,
nitro-glycerine and so on will be given the
dog, and their action on the heart will be
plainly seen. Probably the dog's respira
tion is being similarly recorded on the
same ribbon with another pen, and after
three or four hours of experiment the re
cording pens will go up and down on the
moving paper more faintly. Soon the
movements peter out and the pens make
I The cardiograph in use on a student in the physiologic 1 laboratory
. " • '[From a photograph.}.
but straight marks, which means that
death has come. The respiration is ob
served to always cease before the heart
does.
Then the ribbon, rods long perhaps, is
taken off for future study, and soon a knot
of young men and women may be seen in
terestedly dissecting the remains oh an
other laboratory table.
By these and a great number of similar
experiments the students are constantly
inquiring for themselves into the secrets
of life. Every part and function, so far as
possible, is placed under experimental in
quiry.
But the students do more experiment
ing on themselves and on each other than
on the animals sacrificed. One thing, for
instance, that the students all do is to
map out the surface of the body according
to its sensitiveness to various things, .for
instance, how far apart can two points
touching the skin be distinguished as
two and not one. Students go in pairs
to corners, and while one shuts or
averts his eyes the other will touch hig
skin with his compass, and the subject
tells if he can whether he is touched with
one or both of the compass points. "One,
one, two, one, two," says the subject, and
half the time he is wrong. Every answer
is recorded and results figured out later.
The students learn that people vary in
perception of this sort, but that as a rule
we can distinguish on the tip of the
tongue two points from one when they
are 1.1 millimeters apart, in the palm of
the index finger at 2.2, in the palm of the
second finger at 4.4, on the back of the
hand at 2!).8 and on the back at 66 milli
meters. Practice increases this percep
tion and the back of the hand can be edu
cated.
They practice the perception of time in
tervals with the touch and find that the
touch beats the ear in this. By the touch
intervals of one fifteen-hundredth of a
second can be distincuished from con
tinuous pressure, while vastly slower
sound intervals would seem a continuous
sound.
Those recording machines are in con
stant use in studying human respiration,
circulation, and so on. The students sit,
stand and lie by them and get the graphic
records of their circulation and respiration
when they are tired, when they are rested
and when they come in from a hard bicycle
ride. In takine the record of circulation a
cardiograph is fastened over the heart and
its beating against a sensitive rubber bulb
is transmitted to the recording pens.
They measure the carbonic acid gas ex
haled under different conditions, the tidal
and residual air in the lungs and so on.
The machines record the slightest laugh
ing, couching or talking, and these things
can be distinguished in the record.
The study of the influence of nervons
stimulus on the involuntary muscles and
of the amount of work the voluntary
muscles can do under various conditions is
another of the many fields into which
Professor Jenkins and Professor Greene
lead the students.
It Is not surprising that 175 Stanford
students are deeply interested in varioua
mysterious problems of physical life.
1516
The Mistery of Bay
yj- Yf -A-^ Robert Louis Stevenson been
I 1 1 familiar with the early history
Jj of Bay Farm Island, whicn lies
II just south of pladd Alanieda
and separated from that quiet
suburb by the estuary and a waste of
marsh and mud, and with the life story of
one of the queer beings that inhabited
it in the early days, his marvelous pen
might have related a tale of actual fact
that would have rivaled in interest even
that of the mythical Treasure Island, to
which he attributed his first financial suc
cess as a writer of fiction.
From its appearance it needs no great
stretch of imagination to picture the
island as a place where hoards of gold
might lie buried. Viewed from Alameda
it lies long and low against the southern
horizon, with a fringe of trees on the west
ern end and a few dreary sand-dunes to
the east, where the solid ground melts
cway into the deep black mire of the
marsh. A. bridge now spans the estuary,
from the southern end of which a sub-
Btantial wagon-road leads to the prosper
ous farms beyond; but in the early days
— the latter fifties aud early sixties — the
only communication with the island was
by boat, and the trailic was greater to San
Francisco than to the nearer town of Ala
meda.
The island was sparsely inhabited in
those times — the days of gold — the few set
tlers being of the plodding kind who had
resisted the blandishments of the mines,
to accumulate their fortunes more slowly
and more surely by agricultural pursuits
or, having tempted fortune in the gold
fields and failed, had taken to tilling the
soii as the only alternative.
Somewhere on the island, buried deep
beneath the dense black loam, lies a box
of gold, the accumulation of a lifetime of
toil and privation, which, in these days
when men struggle for a competence,
would be by many considered a fortune.
Many times has it been searched for, but
always in vain, and the oldest inhabitants
as well as the younger gene-ration to
whom its history has been handed down
agree that it is still there and likely to re
main buried until the judgment day.
Opinions vary as to the amount of golden
coin the box contains, but the least esti
mate places it at $20,0(30, while many be
lieve that $30,000 would be nearer the" cor
rect figure.
One dark night in September, ISvS. a
stalwart Portuguese, bearing on his broad
shoulders an iron-bound box that taxed
his strengtli to c:irry, appeared at the
Alameda end of the" island ferry and
asked the boatman who carried passengers
across to land him on the island. He
guarded his box jealously, and when the
landing was readied paid the ferryman's
fee, reshouldered his burden and
trudged along the narrow trail that
threaded through the marsh to the firmer
ground.
A few days previous to his nocturnal
trip he had purchased from an eariy
eettler, who bore the name of Pegleg Wil-
Eon,fora few hundred dollars, a truct of
twent;, acres of the best land in the west
ern portion of the island, and though the
journey at night with the heavy box ex
cited some curiosity it was known tuat he
intended settling there, and the incident
was soon forgotten, beinir recalled only by
subsequent events.
Frank Silva, for such was the man's
name, wasted no time after taking posses
sion of his farm, but with the diligence of
his race soon had it in shape to farm, and
before lons was shipping quantities of
vegetables to the San Francisco market
that, in those day 9 of high prices, brought
mm handsome returns. Though not tall,
he was a giant in strength and no labor
seemed to be too great as iong us in brought
money to his pockets, for he was undeni
ably close and hoarded his gains in a man
ner that most of his neighbors considered
miserly.
Being reticent as well as close it was
long before his history became known to
the islanders, and then only through the
taik of a Portuguese in whom Silva had
confided ana who was more garrulous than
his countryman.
In his youth Silva had been a seaman in
the Portuguese navy, but the allurements
of the new world tempted him to desert
the life of a man-of-war's man and sail
away in an emigrant ship to New York.
In those days the whaling industry was
in the zenith of its prosperity and dozens
of stout barks and ships sailed each year
for the frozen north in search of the levi
athans that paid well for the catching.
The days of the steam whaler had not
come as yet and the crews of the vessels
that braved the Arctic winters usually re
turned with good credits in the ships'
books. Within a month after landing in
New York Silva rau across a Portuguese
captain wi.o commanded a New Bedford
t>ark and signed with him for a cruise to
the Arctic.
The voyage was a very prosperous one,
and Siiva, after depositing bis earnings <
" With a wild cry the sick man sprang to the door and looked out toward the south."
with a countryman of his, who kept a
Bailor's resort in New Bedford, sailed
again in search of blubber an«i wealth.
He made several voyages in this way, and
was gradually accumulating a sum he had
set his heart on saving for the purpose of
returning to his childhood's home in
sunny Portugal, when an event occurred
that changed the entire course of his life.
The captain decided to sail to the south in
search of sperm whales, and after encoun
tering a storm that caused damage to the
ship _ necessitating repairs to the vessel,
put into Rio Janeiro to have the work
done.
In the harbor was another vessel which
was bound to California, and the stories
which those on board told Silva of the
wonderful land of gold mo worked upon
his imagination that he deserted the
whaler, and joininsr the gold-seekers
sailed away for the El Dorado.
Surviving the dangers of the deep he
reached San Francisco early in 1852, and
with his companions on the ship rushed
away to the diggings. For some reason he
did not remain long, but ro turned to San
Francisco and later crossed the bay and
settled on a large tract of wild land near
where Clinton station. Oakland, now
sth:ids. In those days Silva's place was a
wilderness, but it gradually enhanced in
value until, in I?SS, he disposed of it for
$12,000. Previous to this he sent a relative
whom he had run across here to New Bed
ford to get the money ieit with the board-
" Silva reshouldered his burden, paid the ferryman his fee and trudged along the narrow trail."
ing-house master, which amounted to
about $4000. After a long absence the rela
tive returned with the 'cash, which Silva
added to his hoard. These sums, with the
accumulations oi his years of wont on the
ranch, made up the content? of the great
box that he took across the estuary when
he made his night trip to his i3land farm.
How much more he accumulated be
fore death called a halt on his labors is a
matter of conjecture, though it must have
been considerable. He not only farmed
his own place, but assisted his neighbors,
and even helned with the loading and un
loading of the vessels that came into the
estuary when his services were asked. He
made much more money and spent very
little anri his neighbors knew that he was
saving it.
it became an open secret after Silva had
lived a few years on the island that his
hoard was bailed in the ground. He made
no denial of it and only laughed when
advived to put his money in the bank.
"De groun' is my bank," he said.
"Banks break — de groun' never."
Bilva'a only billsof any consequence were
those for the shipping "of his produce to
San Francisco. When the accounts came
in each month he scanned them carefully
to ?ee that they were correct and then
asked the collector, whoever he might be,
to call again the nest day and get his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
money. During the night he dug up his
box, obtained the necessary funds ana
again gave it to the keeping of mother
earth. After several years of single life on
the island Silva took a wife, a young Port
uguese girl, the daughter of a neighbor,
and his friends thought he would give up
his previous habits and live like the rest of
them, but they were mistaken. The wife
proved to be as close and saving as her
husband and rather assisted him in his
accumulation of wealth than proved a
source of expense.
Then came a time when typhoid fever
found a lodgment on the island and Silva
fell a victim to it. He reluctantly took to
his bed and still more reluctantly" bade his
wife call in a man to work the farm dur
ing his illness. She found a helper in a
stout, industrious Portuguese, who worked
faithfully from early morning untfl the
setting of the sun.
In her constant attendance at her hus
band's bedside Mrs. Silva had no oppor
tunity of watching the mau, and not being
satisfied with the manner in which some
of the fields were arranged he speedily
arranged the fences and other landmark's
to suit himself and within the space of a
few weeks so altered the aspect of the
farm that even its owner would hardly
recognize it.
l,n the meantime the sick man on his
bed of pain moaned and talked of his
buried hoard and, according to the physi
cian who attended him, so worried biin-
self that his recovery wa3 seriously re
tarded.
Finally, however, he was able to sit up
and his wife told him of the changes' that
bad been wrought on the farm.
Silya listened with staring eyes until she
had finished, and then, with a wild cry,
sprang to the door and looked out toward
the south.
The immediate landscape was so changed
that he did not recognize it and he contin
ued to stare in a vain attempt to locate the
landmarks that had formerly led him to
his treasure. Suddenly he turned to his
wife with a vacant laugh and said:
"The earth ha 3 aot it and she will
keep it."
Ti:e sufferine: he had endured and the
fear that his treasure was lost had turned
Silva's Drain.
Careful nursing brought him back some
degree of physical strength, but his mind
remained weak. Day after day he roamed
about thjs farm shaking his head and try
ing to remember some clew by which he
could trace bis gold, but though his wife
and friends did everything to assist his
memory he never sufficiently recovered
thid reason to find the money. In the silent
watches of the night, when nothing but
the beating of the waves on the sandy
s hores of the island broke the stillness, he
would leave his bed and wander for hours
about the fields searching, searching for
his lost treasure, crying aloud in hia an
guish of mind, but never sufficiently col
lecting his thoughts to follow the paths
he had formerly taken to reach the cache.
His wife had the ground in th« direction
in which he had first looked when told or
the changes in the farm carefully searched,
but no trace of the box was found.
Gradually Silva's mind became more and
more clouded until it was finally deemed
best to have him restrained, and he was
sent to Dr. Traynor's private sanitarium
in Alameda, where he vied after some
years of confinement.
For several years following Silva's death
searches were made periodically for the
hidden hoard. Men living on the island
who had known of its existence dug over
acres of ground and delved deep into the
soil in their eagerness to possess the
treasure, but their efforts came to naught
and they finally gave up in despair.
Then a medium who had heard the story
of Silva's hoard told some of her followers
that the box was located in the center of a
certain mathematical figure formed by the
trees in the orchard.
Despite the widow's protests, they began
a mad hunt for the gold, digging deep
trenches among the trees and making the
well-kept place look like a hastily built
fortified camp.
The medium again gave them directions,
after they had become disgusted, saying
that she must have misinterpreted" the
signs of the spirits and that the treasure
must be buried beneath the house.
Before they could be prevented tne gold
hunters had dug away a portion of the
foundations, and only left when the thor
oughly exasperated widow hired a man
with a shotgun to prevent them from un
dermining the house. Tnen the widow
tried again to find the money and had
holes drilled over acres and acres of
ground, hoping that the iron point would
strike the box and thus reveal its where
abouts, but all in vain, and finally despair
ing of ever recovering the treasure, she
sold her farm to B. "Benedict, in whose
possession it still remains, and left the
island.
Many of the old settlers on the island —
the Clevelands, McDonalds. Hamlins and
Benedicts — remember Silva and his buried
treasure perfectly and often relate the
story ol the box and its unfortunate owner
when showing visitors over their fat
acres and well-kept fields.
Recently some mysterious persons, who
are believed by the islanders to be treas
ure-hunters, have been inakinr; inquiries
regarding the Silva farm ; whether the
location of the house has been changed
since he died and. whether the original
acres are for sale. At the time of their
last visit to Bay Farm Island they prom
ised to return and negotiate for the furm,
winch is now worth "thousands of dollars
per acre. Whether or not they possess
some long-hidden clew to the location of
tne box or are merely intending to hunt
for it at random no one knows, but their
return is awaited with interest, not to say
anxiety, by the islanders.
REMINISCENCES OF CANNING.
Some Peculiarities of the Great Knglish
Statesman.
Some of Mr. Canning's "fads I well re
member. For instance, he knew the
French language weli, but nothing could
induce him to pronounce it proDerly; he
pronounced ail the words as if "hey were
Engilsh. I know not what reason he gave
for this, or whether he gave any. It was
his way, and he would not alter it. He
had also some queer ideas ' about spelling.
He was generally averse to the letter f,
and I have seen notes to my father in
i which the word fat was spelt "phat," and
other words in a similar manner. He as
serted that this was the correct method of
spelling. : v''/:;"
I will here endeavor to describe Mr. Car
mine's dress. . I well remember how he was
attired one evening in the summertime:
nankeen tights, narrowed toward the
ankle, and fastened there somehow ; nan
keen • waistcoat,- blue, perhaps about a
shade darker than Oxford blue; tail coat;
a broad pleated cambric frill all down the
shirt-front; his watch in a "fob," or little
pocket, in the trousers, with his chain
and seals dangling. (I forget whether he
bad a gold chain or the more common
ribbon. I incline to think it was a ribbon.
A stiff "watered" ribbon, generally blue,
was much worn at f that period.") The
morning dress had the same sort of coat,
but real trousers, not drawn in at the
ankle. . -
At the period I am speaking of, about
1819 or lb'2o, gentlemen generally wore in
the evening kneebreccbes, black, with long
black silk stockings, and very small buckets
on their shoes; but very soon after that
date all the young men in the evening wore
trousers, leaving the other costume to their
elders, and speedily the generality of the
elders followed suit. But for riding, as even
to this day in the hunting fields, shorts and
topboots were common, though I never saw
my lather in these, great rider as he was,
as ha always rode in trousers fastened
under the feet with leather straps. Soon
these straps became the fashion for gentle
men all day long. Gradually, very gradu
ally, the frock coat superseded the •"swal
low-tail" for morning wear, the blue some
times changed to brown, and the gilt but
tons disappeared, to give place to euch as
are worn to this day. By the year 1824 or
1825, I think, men's dress was very much
as it is now, except that the waist is now
rather longer; but it was not so short in
in old days as the caricaturists make it out
to have been.— Temple Bar.
A Question of Quality.
Mrs. Twickenham — Don't you think that
better pie thau your mother makes, Bob
bie?
Bobbie (dryly)— lt ought to he.
Mrs. Twickenham— Why?
Bobbie— 'Cause there's a good deal less
of it.— BrooKlyn Life.
■ — • — •» — •
The latest piece of gossip is that Cecil
Rhodes will seek a seat in Parliament.
SOME OF THE QUEER NAMES
THAT NEWSPAPERS TAKE.
BY "W. O. MORROW.
A new paper calling itself the Hen Man
is announced. This makes me wonder
whether a newspaper can be a man and a
man a hen. After this has been settled
tlie next query will be why the paper is to
be devoted to the interests of men who are
hens instead of those who are roosters or
chicks, or why, if the paper is intended
m erely to foster the industry of raising
hens, roosters and chicks, which I take to
be necessary to the business, are excluded.
So long as we have newspapers that are
Breeders and Sportsmen, Stockmen and
Lumbermen these observations of the new
paper's name may appear to be idle satire.
It is legitimate, within bounds, for a news
paper to take the name of the interest which
it serves. For that matter, the new pub
lication has a far more appropriate name
than those of some very old and dignified
papers. We have many in this blessed
country calling themselves Suns, egad !
One, approaching the Creator with more
m odesty, announces that it is a New
Moon, which gives very little light and ia
not nearly so scintillating as the innum
erable Stars that, moved by their great
condescension and magnanimity, have
taken themselves out of Jehovah's crown
to settle upon this poor earth and send
their radiance into the dark ways of men !
It may be that to persons without nerves
or an appreciation of the fitness of things
the pompous names carried by some of the
ne wspapers of this noble country give no
offense, and that even the judicious, who
may have been at one time grieved, have
had their souls calloused by repeated sear
ings; and it may be accordingly that these
foolish names no longer serve to make
their wearers ridiculous. We can become
accustomed to many things.
The titles that are incorrectly used may
be grouped thus:
1. Those which are bombastic or extrav
agant.
2. Those in which metonymy and synec
doche (two very useful rhetorical fig
ures when properly employed) are inap
propriately used.
3. Those in which the title bears no rela
tion to the publication, either literally or
figuratively.
4. Those which are doubled or com
pounded.
b. Those wnich are hackneyed.
As it is more convenient to discuss these
without reference to the order in which I
have placed them (the list being more for
tuegestion than direction) I shall open the
subject at random by recalling a facetious
article which the New York Sun once
published about the title of the Louisville
Courier-Journal. The Sun has a very
short name, of which fact, not its name, it
is prodigiously proud. The article was an
elaborate calculation showing how
many columns of space the Louisville
paper sacrilices annually in mentioning
its own name. A sillier argument could
not t>e imagined. It ia becoming to the
dignity of any newspaper however long its
ni.nie to print it in full; to express it by
initials is not only absurd and undignified,
but confusing as well. It is not the length
of the Courier-Journal's title that is to be
complained of, for it is better to have a
long titie that is sensible than a short one
that is silly. Tlie fault with the Louisville
paper's title is that it is compound. Its
absurdity when so regarded appears at
once. Journal is a perfectly proper name
for a daily paper, for it comes from the
French word jour, meaning day. I am
aware that there is authority for calling
papers other than dailies journals, but I
decline to acknowledge it. Having a
proper litpral name for itself in Journal it
is oarbarous to couple it with a name
employed in a figurative sense, for a news
paper is not literally a courier. But how
ever crude and illogical this title may be
'it is not half so absurd as Sun.
Compound titles have resulted from the
consolidation of two papers having differ
ent names, and both names have been
preserved for commercial reasons — if, on
consolidation, one of the titles should be
dropped, some rascally publisher might in
vade the field with a paper of that name
to the injury of the consolidated interest.
A rational solution of such a ditliculty
would seem to be either legislation pre
venting such usurpation for a reasonable
time, or sufficient self-confidence on the
part of the cjnsolidation to hold its own
against all comers. The perpetuation of a
double title is a confession^of weakness
and a proclamation of bad ta^te and often
of a lack of respect for the English lan
guage.
Imagine, if possible, a comic paper call
ing itself a Jud«e! Imagine, too, another'
calling itself Life ! A clown that announces
himself to be either a Judge or to repre
sent the hard and bitter round of life
ceases to be a clown, who must have wit,
and becomes an idiot. Such titles so used
are untruthful.
The Suns. Moons and Star 3 are not the
only bombastic titles that afflict us. We have
Standards, Illuminators, Radiators (Hea
ven save the mark!), Leaders, Pilots,
Globes (which might ba a good name for
a new orange or apple), Tribunes (obso
lete, as well as sententious), Statesmen,
Manifestoes, Palladiums, Mentors and the
like. The Police Gazette is better named
than any of them. At the extreme oppo
site end of the line stand those papers con
tent with the meanest and most contempt
ible of all titles— Spy. Happily, we have
no Slanderers, Paul Prys or Maggots. We
are too pjoud for that.
Hackneyed names are abundant. Trie
woods are full of Heralds (a bad name, be
cause a herald is not only archaic, but in
feudal times was a bearer of messages, not
news), Newses, Couriers (bearers of orders,
not news), Bulletins, Posts (meaning let
ter-borne news and excluding telegraphic),
Records, Timeses, Independents (how?),
Enterprises, Reports, Standards, Observ
ers, Registers, Advertisers (not newspa
pers, mind), Gazettes, Sentinels, Beacons,
Leaders, Examiners (that is, receivers, not
news-givers), Expresses (describing papers
whose matter must all be leceived by ex
press, or which themselves are an express),
Unions, Ledgers (a ledeer is solely a book
in which accounts are kept), Advocates,
Arguses, Mirrors (which properly can pre
sent nothing original), Eras (which?),
Bees (because they sting or lay up honey —
which), Opinions, Echoes (same as Mir
rors), Mails (papers that either should not
publish telegraphic news or should be de
livered by carriers), Budgets (that is finan
cial statements made by the administra
tion of a government "to the legislative
body as a basis for the levying of taxes),
Eagles (why not a buzzard or a tomtit here
and there?), Monitors (which must have a
superior order of wisdom), Statesmen (out
of a job), Peoples, Enquirers, Transcripts
(of what?), Reporter?, Telegrams, Tele
erraphs (exclusive of other kinds of news)
Recorders, Witnesses, Spectators, Chroni
cles Champions (of what?). Dailies and
Weeklies (no end), Outlooks and others.
It is allowable, despite some foregoing
parenthetical remarks, to call a thing by
the name of one of ita parts and also to
call a thing by the name of some other
thing of related qualities; but if either
name so chosen is hackneyed, it is disa
greeable and dull, and in metonymy the
relation of qualities should be strict and
evident. The great trouble seems to be
that the names most appropriate for news
papers under these two classes are very
limited in number, so that a publisher has
to choose between an appropriate name
that is hackneyed and an original one that
is absurd.
But it does seem that we need not go so
far afield for &ome of our titles which are
both hackneyed and absurd. We ought to
be satisfied with committing one blunder
in a single word. Take Sun, for instance.
Its adoption means to say that the paper
bearing it sheds light and that this tight
is as brilliant as that of the sun. Yet it is
clear that the light abed by the sun is
physical, while a newspaper can shed
light only in a metaphorical sense. That
confusion, apart from its bombastic char
acter, is reducing the title to a literal ab
surdity as well as absurdity in fact.
There are some unusual titles that are
interesting on analysis. Take Review of
Reviews. We cannot infer from the title
whether the paper is a review that reviews
reviews or is the chief of all reviews.
Hence, it is obscure. Independent may
be either political or religious, and hence
is indefinite. Commercial cannot be any
thing but an adjective, and yet in news
paper titles it is used as a noun.
A paper which calls itself Democrat or
Republican, or by the name of any other
political party, has a smaller commercial
yaiue than one not so named, for the rea
son that if the owner wanted to sell it his
probable purchaser either must belong to
the party bearing that name and willing
to advocate its principles, and thus be one
of a class, or must belong to some other
party and therefore stand in a position to
demand a heavy discount by reason of the
necessity for changing the name. A few
years ago it happened in St. Louis that
two papers of opposing political names
passed into the hands of owners whose
politics were exactly reversed; they had
to change the names of the papers.
Some titles are simply and baldly mawk
ish, among them Golden Mpments, Sun
shine, Happy Hours, Home Treasury,
Household Gem, Sunnyside (more silly
than mawkish), Sea Sheil, Phoenix. Hays
of Light, Golden Rule, Home Defender,
Myrtle, Cheerful Letter, Pansy, Breeze
and the like. The most extraordinary
title in the countrj' is borne by a paper in
New York State. It is Radii. It ought to
have been satisfied as one radius, or
if it wanted to be two, it might have called
itself a diameter; though what any of the
elements of a circle have to do with a
newspaper is the puzzling thing.
A curious custom has arisen among
some papers. It is their emphasizing the
definite article as a part of the title when
they speak of themselves. This is inde
fensible. An altogether unnecessary in
accuracy is for papers published in the
afternoon to call themselves evening
papers. They are not published in the
evening. But why announce that it is
either an afternoon or a morning paper?
Descriptive adjectives in titles may be
made very useful, and it ia an interesting
fact that the best-nainea papers in this
country are those devoted to technical
subjects; it is because they employ adjec
tives intelligently.
THE FLOATING COMMITTEE
Report of the Unique Labors
of the Young Christian
Endeavorers.
«
Chairman Henry F. Eden Reports
That Eighty-One Seamen Have
Signed the Pledge.
Henry F. Eden, chairman of the float
ing committee of the Christian Endeavor
Society, has submitted the following report
of the work ox the committee for the past
year: ,
This year has been a year of progress. The
work has been deepening and widening. New
openings for work have been shown us and he
has enabled us to enter these open doors. The
Monday night Christian Kndeavor meetings,
which have been held in the Mariners' Church
by various societies, have been a great blessing
to all. Several seamen have been converted i
through these meetings. The Saturday even- \
ing meeting on ships in the bay have been of
no less importance. The stirring gospel appeals ,
the lively songs, and t*e personal work ac the
close of each meeting by our faithful
workers are already bearing fruit to the
glory of our master. Eighty-one seamen
nave signed our C. E. pledge. Some of these
have been converted in our port while others
have been led into a life of more earnest work
"For Christ and the Church." Fifty-four letters
have been written to absent members, while
forty-four have been received; these have '
brought gladness to our hearts and inspired us
with new zeal. One hundred and seven letters
have been sent on deep-water ships in port.
These letters are of great importance. They
bring before the men of the sea the nature of
our work, give a hearty welcome to our port,
and an invitation to our services, Forty-three
socials have been given on Thursday evenings.
Here we get better acquainted with the men,
and I am sure that every Endeavorer of the !
Golden Gate Union who has helped in these ]
meetings has been blessed personally, and has |
given sunshine to many hearts. Forty-six com- i
fart bags have been sent on outbound snips.
.These little bags contain needles, thread, j
worsted, pins, buttons, darning needles, \
court piaster, a marked Testament and a Chris
tian letter written by the donor, giving the ad
dress so that a letter can be sent back to the
writer, which is often done. This shonid be
the work of our juniors. Let us remember "a
Mttle child shall lead them." A large amount
of reading matter has been donated by differ
ent societies. These silent messengers are
now scattered over the sea, and are accom
plishing the mission to which they are sent.
A Thanksgiving dinner was given, on which
occasion the Holy Spirit was very evidently
present. To him be all the glory! An
indebtedness of $55 has been paid on a
piano which we now own, and an organ
for our Saturday night boat work on
the bay has been very generously do
nated by Messrs. Benj. Curtaz <fe Sons. Tota.l
amount donated and collected during the year,
8145 85 ; expended $139 30; balance on hand,
$7 55. In conclusion let me say that we are
now paying from $12 to $15 per month for
•boat hire. We need a launch of our own. Our
boat committee, faithful in its efforts to raise
funds for this launch, still need $1000. Who
will lay up treasures in heaven ? There is not
a more noble work than to hold services on the
incoming and outgoing ships. The devil is
sparing neither time nor money to reach both
officers and seamen of these ships. Shall it be
said of us that "the children of this world in
their generation are wiser tfian the children
of light" ?
NEW TO-DAY.
TTRIfSTORL
THE MADDEST WOMAN
You ever heard of was one who got
hurt on a railroad. She lived on
Hyde street.
There was a certainty for her of
pain, a good rest and
BIG DAMAGES.
A friend gave her something tor
it, which he assured her was good,
so she used it, and thcSn commenced
making a list of all the things she
■would buy with the damages. That
was some comfort.
Next day railroad people called
and found her so nearly well they
could not give her a cent. Scene
. closed with a profusion of
Feminine Swear Words.
There's a sharp point in these for
RAILROAD MANAGERS,
BICYCLERS and
EVERYBODY.
Her level-headed friend had given
her k bottle of
Mitchell's Magic Lotion,
Which is so harmless and pleasant I
to use, and never fails to do good
If You Ache or Get Hnrt.
gold by d ruggists at 25c, 50c and
$1.00.
NEW TO-DAT.
cllgymeT
TESTIFY
Eminent Divines Give
Positive Proof.
That Munyon Improved Homeopathic Reme-
dies Cure Rheumatism, Catarrli and
the Most Obstinate Diseases.
Why Pay Big Fees to Doctors Whin
You Can Cure Yourself With a «5-
Cent Bottle of Munyon's Improved
Homeopathic Remedies ?
Rev. F. T. Ripley, 1820 Columbus avenue,
Bay City, Michigan, says: "1 always rec-
ommend Munyon's Remedies with a feel-
ing of thankfulness for the wonderful cure
they made in my case. I was severely af-
flicted with rheumatism for many years
and could get no relief. I was often in
very great pain aud could not attend to my
pastoral duties. Munyon's Rheumatism
Cure was advised, and, although I had "no
faith in it, I tried the little pellets. To my
great surprise, in a week's time I was
greatly relieved, and at. the end of a month
I was completely cured. Munyon's Rem-
edies are a blessing to humanity, and I in-
tend to keep a case of them in the house
for use in my family."
Rev. T. R. "\Vaggener, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, Athens, Term., says: "I
was laid up with an obstinate cold in the
bronchial tubes for four weeks, coughing
at night and so hoarse during the day I
could scarcely speak. 1 could not preach
over twenty initiates without my voice giv-
ing away completely. I purchased a bottle
of Munyon's Cough Cure' one Saturday af-
ternoon and by Sunday was enabled to
teach in Sunday-school, preach twice a day,
and when my day's work was done my
voice was as strong as it ever was. I con-
sider Munyon's Remedies most wonderful
! for the promptness with which they cure."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure never fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, aud
cures in a few days. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forni3 of indigestion and stom-
! ach trouble. Price 23c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness aud speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speediiy cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness
and builds up the system. 25c.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs re-
lieve asthma in three minutes and cure in
five days. Price. 50c each.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Vitaiizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
A separate cure for «»ach disease. At all
druggists, 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
; with free medical advice for any disease.
FURNITURE
FOR
4 ROOMS
$80.
Parlor— Bilk Brocatelle, 6-Peico Suit, plush
trimmed.
Bedroom- 7-Peice Elegant Suit, bed. bureau,
washstand. two chairs, rocker and table; pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
i Dlning-Roora— tt-i-'oot, Extension Tablo, four
Solid Oak Chair."
Kitchen— Hange, I'ateut Kitchen Table and two
Chairs.
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
*y Free packinp and delivery across the bay.
| — ■ — i^— ■—^— ■ — — l—
PO TAI JR., S~*\.
! Chinese Tea and Herb Ls J-
Sanitorinm, ffP^-i|
: No. 727 Washingion St., • x J
San Krancitiro, Cal. V m ■
Cor. Brenhjun Place, abova Vte -,- A '
1 : the plaza. /Jhab^
1 Office Hours: 9to 11, — "^^ f/j^^s
■\ 1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Suu- ■*ty£*r
1 day, OA. 31 . to 13 M.
' UPo Tai Jr., son of the famous LJ Po
1 Tai, has taken hla father's business,
and is, after eleven years' study la
, China, fully prepared to looats and
treat all diseases.
TSTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMIXE YOUB
J. eyes and fit them to Spectacles or Uyeglassej
with instrument* of his own invoutlon. vrtxoa
; •nperionty has i>ot beon equaled, ily iu«o*M a+t
, Mlodue to the merits of my worit
Ofh'ce Hours— 12 to 1 r. K.
COAL! Cb/U-T
' Wellington $10 00 • —
i Sonthfield. 960 • ....
Genuine Coos Bay 7 00— Half toa 350
Beattle. 8 00— Ealf ton 400
1 ; 8ryant.......... b 00— Half toa *00
Telephone— Black— '
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
SBg Howard Street. Near Ftmt.
HEALTH RESORTS.
SHtt'jpM
' (Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
Is under strictly regular management;' a quiet,
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure,
massage, electrical treatments, Swedish move-
ments, dieting, baths, physical training, and all
that is Included in modern rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water,
: I even temperature and restful scenery may be * 1
obtained. -
' Terms: Koom, with board and regular treat-
j ment, fl2 to 920 per week.
Send for circular: St. Helena Sanitarium, St.
Helena, Napa County, Cal. ' •
Trains leave San Francisco, foot of Market st. t
at 7 a. m. and 4 p. * via Vallejo Junction, reacU
iiig St. Uelt-ua at 10 : is a. v. auU 7 ;08 r. v.Should the word
Obey be used
in the Marriage Service?
fc*"r|^aHEßE has been a reaction of sen-
THERE has been reaction of sen
timent since our mothers and
[I grandmother? knelt before the al-
JJL tar and blushingly promised to
"obey" their husbands.
The first of the new women, or such of
them as chanced to take the marriage vow,
objected to the word. "It was a relic of
barbarism," they declared, and they in
augurated a campaign against the an
achronism that has almost resulted in its
annihilation.
Witness, lor Instance, the views of some
of San Francisco's representative preach
ers.
Dr. W. W. Case, pastor of the Howard-
Ftreot Methodist Church, is nothing if not
emphatic.
"We do not require a vow of obedience,"
he said. "The women wouldn't keep it,
anyhow, so what's the use. We avoid
everything that is unnecessary. Besides
it is a matter of principle with us. Woman
was made from man's rib in order that she
might walk by his side.
"It is abominable to ask a woman to
obey the man just as it would be to ask a
man to obey a woman. The effect of such
a promise would be to stultify woman.
"What go I thinic of 'Paul's advice'?
That it is misunderstood."
The position of Rev. W. P. Boynton,
naMor of the First Baptist Church, would
satisfy the demands of the newest of new
woman.
i can see no reason why women should !
assume obligations to obey any more than
men should," he said. "I have us-ed tne
word but once in performing a marriage
ceremony, and that was wiien a nice little ,
woman asked me to do so.
"I believe in a common purse in the
home. I believe in comnlete confidence
there, that the wife should have no secret
from the husband, nor the husband from
the wife. A liberal and fair interpretation
of the scriptural teaching relating to mar
riage shows that the charges to the hus
band are practically synonymous with I
those made to the wife."
"A relic of the dark ages" is what Rev.
J. dimming Smith, pastor of Trinity Pres- j
byterian Church, pronounced the old mar- ;
riage service.
■'Most men give no thought to the phrase
ology of the service," i^aiii Mr. .Smith,
"but tne man who insists that his bride
adopt the formula pledging her to obedi
ence I regard as a coward, speaking for i
myself 1 that there are strong reasons, i
. ;ral and common sense, why a'
in should not be compelled to proru
-150 to obey. As lar as I know Paul is the
only one responsible for such advice as
'Wives be submissive to your husbands,' i
and 'Women, keep silence in the churches.' !
You know Paul was an old bachelor, a 9
well as one of the most intellectual men of
his time, and he could not rise entirely
above its prejudices, one of which was
that women should live in seclusion.
Furthermore, it was a matte^of policy, for
if women asserted any of the independence
of thought and action that characterize
the Christian woman of our day the paeans
of their time would have pronounced them
'off color.'
"I cannot say that the Presbyterian
church is a unit in the matter. In fact
Dr. Hodge's manual, which is an authority
to many of my ministerial brethren, in
cludes the word 'obey' in its form for the
marriage ceremony ana a quod many still
follow it."
"The form of rnamage in vogue for so
long a time and which is being superseded
by formulae adopted by the churches and
modiliea by the ministers, is not up to the
light of the present." said Rev. W. 1).
Williams of Plymouth Congregational
Church. If a candidate lor wifehood
asks me to use it, or rather if she insists
upon it I do, but lam averse to it. It will
i:-'tbear the fire of criticism. It was de
••■■^iied for the time when people lived like
cattle, not for this age of enlightenment.
•'For instance, that form requires a wife
to 'forsake ail others and cleave unto her
husband.' Now, Ido not intend that my
wife shall forsake all others in the sense of
friends and relatives. By no means!
Should it be neces.-ary' for her to take such
a vow she would be unworthy of me.
"I like the new foim and' its modifica
STORY
OF A SIGN.
How Pete Sales Made Cap
ital Out of Accusations
Against His Honesty.
Pete Sales, the butcher, is dead. At
least that is what all of his old friends and
neighbors say, and they ought to know.
The sad event caused a feeling of genuine
regret in the vicinity of Broadway and
Montgomery avenue, where Pete had lived
for over a quarter of a century.
Years ago Pete was a prominent man,
liked by everybody for his jolly good na
ture and keen appreciation of a joke. He
had a porkstore on the corner of Dupont
and Adler streets, that was then the only
PeteiSalfs I
: Popk Market, pf f/ L
d — s Sau saceis— f~f^w\f(ii fi
tions, for they convey no hint of unworthi
ness of either man or woman and no ten
dency to keep either down."
"You ask, Should a woman promise to
obey?" said Rev. Hobart Cbetwood.
"Now, did you ever hear of the man who
did promise to "obey? Never? Weil, it's
a fact. A university professor living not
a hundred miles from here promised to
obey his wife. lean answer for the prom
ise, if not for the performance.
"You see, the clergyman who officiated
at the wedding ceremony was exceedingly
absent-minded. He had one of his fre
quent lapses while he was joining the pair.
He repeated the proper formula for the
" A nice little woman asked me to use the word in
her marriage service," said Rev. M. P. Boynton.
"Kcverence includes obedience; therefore while we
do not use the lesser term In the service the greater
one absorbs and implies it," said Bishop Nicholas.
one in the neighborhood except those kept
by Chinese. Pete did a line business and
his customers were always pleased, al
though it was whispered that he had a
habit of converting struy cats into the
most delicious sausage, and circumstantial
evidence tended to prove the fact.
On one occasion a well-known newspa
per man caught Pete in the actof purchas
ing a number of half-starved cats from
some street urchin. He asked a few
pointed questions and found that Pete was
in the habit of buying all the cats he could
get. Furthermore, he was told that the
cats were kept about the shop until they
got fat. when they were killed and made
into the finest grades of weinersvurst. Pete
had even been heard to state that cat meat
was superior to pork. It was whiter and
had a liner flavor.
Tl;e newspaper man published all the
facts he had learned in a morning paper,
fully expecting that Pete would be in a
rage on account of it. But instead he was
pleased, »nd even looked upon, the article
as a ;rood advertisement.
Not long afterward Pete had a new sign
put on top of his building, that at once
became famous. People flocked from all
directions to see it. The sign was gigantic
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1596.
groom until he came to the final clause,
when to the consternation of the gentle
man he added the words 'to obey.' The
bridegroom faltered and was dumb. The
pause became painful. 'To obey,' said
the clergyman interrogatively. The groom
grew nervous. 'To obey.' safd the clergy
man the third time. The unfortunate
man looked appealingly at the clereyman,
but the faraway look in the good "man's
eyes sent his spirits to the freezing point.
'Oh, very well, then, 'to obey,' " he
gasped. The bride made the same promise
without any hesitancy. The guests looked
politely unconscious, and the clergyman
was blissfully ignorant of the blunder
"Catholic hirides do not promise to
• obey," said father Wyman.
"I would refuse to perform the
ceremony if she refused to obey,"
said Kcv. llobart Chetwood.
in size, so that it could be seen from the
street, and represented a butcher catting
i off a cat's tail. The large cleaver had
already passed through the animal's caudal
appendage, ana the butcher was smiling
grimly to himself. The cat was flying
through the air on one side of the block
and th'j dismembered piece of tail was
falling to the floor on the other. Painted
j in one corner of the sign were the words:
Pete Sales.
I'ork Market.
Sausages.
It was noi a pleasing subject to a person
i of hne sensibilties, but Pete's customers
: thought it a work of art and spent hours
in admiring it. The work on the picture
• was not of the highest artistic merit, but
it brought Pete many new customers. The
! drawing was a little "off" and the color-
I ing crutfe, but the composition was forci-
I ble and told the story without any uanger
i of being misunderstood.
j The sign remained on top of the build
in? until about six years ago when Pete
feeling that he had earned a long rest re
tired from business. He sold all the rit
tings of his shop and then had the sign
taken down so that he could break it ur>
with his own hands.
until his wife made him
aware of it after they
reached the seclusion of
their home.
"Seriously speaking,"
continued Mr. Chetwood,
"I would refuse to mnrry
a couple if the bride
would refuse to obey. It
is a part of the church
ritual and I would have
no right to omit it. One
of our clergymen turned
away from "the altar and
left a couple unwedded,
because ot such a show
of so-called independence
on the part of a would
be bride. We consider
Paul's words to women
were mandatory, not ad
visory, and that they
hold good now as in the
days of their utterance."
"Brides do not prom
ise to obey in the Catho
lic marriage service,' 1
said Rev. H. H. Wyruan,
the chief of the Faulist
fathers. "You are sur
prised; nevertheless it is
true. Oh, yes," he said,
smiling, "we are more
liberal than they of the
Episcopal faith. Our
service is precisely the
same ir. the language
"It is a relic of the time when people lived
like cattle," said Kev.W. D. Williams.
" My experience for twenty -five years has been that
woman is generally and unqualifiedly opposed
to the word obey," said Rev. A. J. Wells.
"A Jewish matrimonial union is one of equality,"
said Kabbi Jacob Voorsangcr.
YOUNG WOMEN WHO WORK.
Is Business Kmployment Demoralizing
' to the Fair Sex?
The fact cannot be disputed that no sin
gle factor in modern life is doing so much
to degenerate our young womanhood as
this mad race on thepartof girls, impelled i
by necessity or not, to go into the business !
work!. These may sound like strong j
words to the ears of some, but to those
who are really cognizant of the immensity I
of the evil results that are being wrought i
they will simply fit the case- and not go j
beyond it. In altogether too many of our j
commercial and industrial establishments,
stores and factories, the men into whose j
hands is given the power to employ and j
control girls are not lit, from a moral j
standpoint, to herd swine.
And yet thousands of our young women
are allowed to go from their homes to j
work under the influence of these men i
and in the atmosphere vitiated by them, i
And why? Simply because it is consid
ered more "respectable" to be employed
in an office, store or factory than to been
ga^." din domestic service. The very word
"servant" has a taint about it that the ma
jority of young women dislike, and from
which they flee. But what else are they
in business establishments than servants
pure and simple? There can be no differ
ence but an imaginary one. That is all.
Far less leniency is . shown in our business
houses to women employes than is shown,
as a rule, in our homes to domestic help —
infinitely less.
It is the Dot-and-kettle idea that seems
so painfully unrespectable to thousands of
young women and. perhaps, they arc not
so much to blame when one considers the
depth to which the idea of domestic ser
vice has been allowed to sink in America.
Just so long as the well-to-do parents of
our country discourage the idea of house
hold knowledge in their daughters, as so
many do, just so increasingly d-ifhcult will
these same parents find it to secure good
domestic servants for their homes. Make
a thing undesirable to one class ana you
quickly make it unre3pectable to another
class. "We all like to ape the ideas and
manners of those whom we fancy to be a
lirtle above us in birth or station. Here is
where the great evil to domestic service
has been done and is being wrought. It
has been made purely and lowly menial
and the result is that youne women, com
pelled to earn their living, have sought
other avenues, which, with their inexperi
ence, they fancy are more desirable or ele
vating.—Ladies'Home Journal.
Our Ships the Best.
The Vulcan. 6629 tons, with a radius of
action of 12,600 miles at ten knots an hour,
or 8000 at eighteen Knots, is regarded as
one of the most capable ships in the
British navy. Her French compeer is the
Tage, 7255 tons, which has a radius of GSOO
miles at ten knots. The Italia, 15,000 tons,
italy's best ship, has a. coal capacity of
8036*railes at ten knots an hour. From
tnis it will be seen that no European navy
has any vessel that can compare with the
Oregon and other vessels of the United
States navy, which can steam 16,000 miles
at ten knots an hour.
Julian Hawthorne, the novelist, has
Bailed from Kingston, Jamaica, for Boston.
A GARDEN ON A WHARF.
Pleasing: but Unusual Sight on the
Banks of Oakland Creek.
Land is so plentiful in California that
such a thing as a garden on a wharf is a
most unusual sight. But there is one on
the banks of Oakland Creek, close to the
shipyards, and it gives a pleasing bit of
color to the practical and barren surround
ings.
The garden belongs to Mrs. McLaren,
wife of Al McLaren, the boat-builder. Al
has been there a long time, and once there
was no garden on the wharf where he
does his wortc. That was before he got
married and brought his wife to make her
home where he had made his for years.
The first thing Mrs. McLaren wanted
was a garden, as she had been used to
flowers all her life. But there was ap
parently no place to make one, as all the
land about the house that was not covered
with boats in course of construction was
barren sand. She grew a few flowers m
THE GARDEN ON THE WHARF.
[From a sketch by a " Call' 1 artist.]
THE GOLD PRODUCT.
Likely to Bo Larger Than Ever for the
Next -'.Fifty Years.
It is now evident that the production of
gold for the " next fifty years will be alto
gether unprecedented. :: This production
has been vigorously stimulated by fresh
discoveries of . mines, by new and cheap '
mining processes and by the ; fall of silver,
leading miners to pay greater attention to
the other metal. ■ The operation- of the ,
"It is abominable to ask a woman to obey a
man," said Rev. W. W. Case.
" Obcdienco has its limitations, of
course," said Rev. H. S. Tanner.
"It is a relic of the dark ages," said
Rev. J. Cumming Smith.
] pots for a long time until the idea struck
I her that a portion of the wharf could be
used for a garden.
Al accordingly hauled several wagon
J loads of good soil and spread it several
I feet thick oVer the place where it looked
; to Mrs. McLaren as if it would do the
j most good. The garden was a success
from the start. The warm, moist air of the
j marsh was just what the flowers wanted,
and they blossomed in great profusion.
Mrs. McLaren has taken full charge of
the garden and done all of the work her
| self. She has planted several palms that
! have turned out well, and a number of
j rosebushes that are always covered with
i bright colored blossoms. The garden is
! on the southern side of the house, and cx
i tends baclc over the waters of the creek.
| A rustic seat has been built amid the
j flowers, and on warm days the lady of the
house takes her sewing there and, as she
says, "enjoys life." Al says that he often
misses the appropriated portion of the
wharf when he has a certain kind of work
to do, but thinks that his wife has put it
to a better use than ever he did.
latter factor is best seen in Colorado,
where the production of gold rose from
$5,300,000 in 1802 to $7,527,000 in 1893 and
to about $12,000,000 in 1894. The produc
tion for 1895 in Coloiado is confidently ex
pected to reach $20,000,000. The Director of
the Mint is of the opinion that the produc
tion of the United States rose from $33 -
014,981 in 1892 to about $39,500,000 in 1894,
while other pood authorities put the pro
duction for 1894 at $50,000,000. The annual
product of other great producing countries
shows a large increase of late years. In
bis notable article in tho North "American
addressed to the bride and groom except
as to gender."
"The custom of requiring a promise of
obedience from a bride arises from New
Testament teaching," said Rabbi Voor
sanger. "No such vow was ever included
in the simple wedding service of the Jews,
a service that unites a man and woman on
a plane of equality."
"The old or so-called orthodox branch of
the Lutheran church insists that a bride
shall promise to obey her husband, but the
liberal does not," said Rev. J. Fuendeiing,
pastor of St. Mark's Lutheran Church. "I
have never used the word in our ritual
either in this country or Europe.
"The scriptural injunction may have
heen a necessary precautionary measure at
the time it was pronounced, but does not
apply in this age of civilization. Ido not
like to think of marriage as the bondage or
servitude that a vow of obedience implies.
It should be a relation characterized by
tenderness.' '
Rev. A. J. Wells, pastor of the Second
Unitarian Church, said the use of the
word "obey" in the marriage service -was
"repugnant to manly feeling." Said lie:
"My experience for twenty-rive years is
that woman is generally and unqualifiedly
opposed to the use of the word obey in the
marriage service. My own custom has
been all my life to leave it out. It is re
pugnant to manly feeling, i. c., to a true
reverence for woman. It is a relic of a time
gone by, when woman was either a toy or
a slave, when man considered her in some
sort his property. Perhaps a relic of that
bygone time remains in the language of
ignorant men— a Southern phrase, I think
it is — 'My woman.' As to woman's posi
tion, it is not wholly due to the Bible.
Early Christianity taught woman subjec
tion. 'Let her learn in silence in all sub
jection,' Paul said. It was not until Chris
tianity found GreeK refinement on ita way
to the West and met there t!>e superior
reverence for woman among the Teutonic
races that Europe began to show her due
respect.
"Both human slavery and the subjection
of woman can be vindicated by the text of
the Bible and the practice of early Chris
tianity. The new woman is the producer
of many forces, and while in some forms
in whith she appears to-day she is not
wholly lovable these extremes will pass.
Steadily she is securing her rights and
assuming her privileges, and as she does
so some of the evils of our social, indus
trial and political life will disappear."
The views of the Mormons or Latter-day
Saints on the question were voiced by
Henry S. Tanner, the president of the
California division of that church.
The sect employs the mooted word in its
ceremony, and President Tanner justifies
its use in thiswise: "We believe the mar
riage covenant is eternal, through the holy
spirit of promise, and if the contracting
persons have properly complied with all
the requirements the Lord makes of them
they are bound together forever. A3
Christ is bound to the church and the
church to him, so the man is bound to the
woman and the woman to the man. By
mutual consent Christ stands at the head
of the church and the man at the head of
the family, its strengtn and support. We
do not consider it arbitrary power on the
part of Christ to require obedience from
the church because we have willingly ac
cepted him as that head, knowing him to
be kind and just and willing to protect his
own.
"So men and women should be consider
ate and make proper selections, that their
obligations may be kept in righteousnet-a
and that reproach may not come upon the
marriage relation, iiarnane is ordained
of God unto mm for the purpose of pro
creation, that the earth might answer the
end of its creation, an;i joy, happiness,
confidence and Jove reicrn in the hearts of
the people. Something is wrong if a
woman ODeys her husband through fear or
oppression. One or the other, or both,
are failing to comply with their sacred
obligations."
Bishop Nicholas, the chief authority at
the Kusso-Greek cathedral, says the new
woman's tabooed word is not used in the
marriage service of the Greek church. The
bride is asked, "Is it your hrm intention
to take this man for your husband?" If
she replies in the affirmative she is asked
whether she "has avowed any other man."
There is no promise to obey in those
vows, but in the prior chartre of the offi
ciating priest she is told that she muse
reverence her husband. "Ileverence in
cludes obedience," said Bishop Nicholas,
"therefore, while we do not use tne lesser
term in the service the greater one ab
sorbs and implies it. In the Russian
church it is regarded as a woman's duty
to yield obedience to her husband's author
ity. My opinion as to the scriptural
grounds for that belief? It is not a mat
ter of opinion. The command stands as
it did the day it was written. Greek Cath
olics have not changed an iota of it, so
there can be no mistake as to the intention
of the writer. St. Paul is the authority on
the subject.
"The implication of obedience on the part
of the wife occurs also in the prayer read
by the priest during the marriage service."
Review Mr. Preston states that the world's
production of gold for 1803 '-was the largest
in history, amounting in round numbers
to $155,522,000." The product for 19<M,
however, very largely exceeded— probably
by 25 per cent— the product of 1893. There
is scarcely any assignable limit to the gold,
known to exist in the world, or even in
the United States. It is said that
simply by the removal of the restrictions
on hydraulic mining California can pro
duce half a billion of gold. The quantity
easily obtainable in Colorado is stupen
dous. Otfeer parts of the United States are
also rich, while Australia and Russia prob
ably possess a stock equal to our own", and
are increasing the annual output every
year.
But the most surprising and, so to
speak, revolutionary facts regarding gold
that have recently come to light are those
concerning the great Witwatersraud mines
of South Africa. There gold is found [in
enormous quantities and in a cheaply
workable form in a new geological situa
tion — "in strata the compontnt parts of
which are pieces of quartz held together
by a clayey cement."— Popular Science
Monthly.
THE BEST PAID POET.
James Smith Likely Received the
Highest Amount Per Line.
It has been said that James Smith, one
of the authors of the celebrated "Rejected
Addresses," was better paid for a trifling
exertion of his versatile muse than any
poet since the world began. One day he
met Mr. Stranan, the King's printer, at a
dinner party, wiiom he found suffering
from gout and old age, though his intel
lectual faculties remained unimpaired,
and the next morning he transmitted him
the following jeu d'esprit:
Your lower limbs seem'd far from stout
When last I saw you walk;
The cause I presently found out
When you began to talk.
Tho power that props the body's length
Jn due proportion spread.
In you mounts upward, and the strength
All settles in the head.
This compliment proved so highly ac
ceptable to the old' gentleman that he
made an immediate codicil in his will, by
which he bequeathed to the writer the
sum of £3000, being at the rate of £375 for
each line.
NEW TO-DAY.
FA i From U.S. Journal nf Hedirin*
Kg ■^L A Prof. W. H. Peeie, who
gg V • makes a specialty of
S^^ BE It" Epilepsy, has without
ff l^ Cj I '^V doubt treated and cur-
KJ| ■ m ed more cases than any
Sa H S living Physician ; his
01 H 1 L 1 success is astonishing.
Jg^ JSLi t&'Qfe^^ c aye heard or cases
of 20 years' standing
large bot-
tle of his absolute cure, free to any sufferers
who may send their P. O. and Express address.
We advise any one wishing a cure to addresa
ftntw. E. PEEZE, F. D., 4. Cedar St., Hew York
1718
SOCIETY
OCIETY has had a busy week.
(J^^L Wedding?, luncheons, teas, re
ceptions, dinners and dances have
4^=»^ followed one another in bewilder
ing succession, keeping the de
votees of fashion ou the continual "go."
Paderewski also has claimed a large
share of society's attention; in fact the
celebrated maestro was entirely account
able for the slim attendance at the Mon
day Night Dancing Class.
There was one prominent engagement
announced during the week, with the pros
pect of a brilliant Easter wedding. The
interested parties are Miss Fannie Crocker,
daughter of Mrs. Clark W. Crocker, ana
Robert Clark McCreary of Sacramento.
Quite a number of pleasant little enter
tainments have been planned in honor of
this young couple. On Thursday evening
Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker gave a
dinner in their honor— a charming family
affair— and on Tuesday Mr. and Mrs. Van
Vliet will give a hm;heou in honor of Miss
Crocker.
Miss Rose Hooper entertained forty-two
of her young friends at dinner at the Occi
dental last evening, after which the party,
with Mrs. Hoot>er as chaperon, went to
the Tivoli.
After the play hostess and guests re
paired once more to the Occidental, whore
a "Dutch" supper was served. The guests
were seated at seven round tables and
washed down such palatable food as sau
sage, pretzels, etc., with Rhine wine and
beer.
Another charming Tivoli party last
evening was the one given by Major and
Mr?. Darling complimentary to the Misses
Bee and Ethel Hooper. There were ten
young people in the party, and after the
play there was supper at the University
Club.
On Friday Miss Edith Mcßean enter
tained nine of her young friends at
luncheon at the Hotel Richelieu. The
table was prettily decorated with violets
and daffodils, and an elaborate and de
licious menu enjoyed.
Among the delightful luncheons of the
week was the one given on Tuesday at the
University Club by Miss Emma Butier.
The tables were decorated with violets and
daffodils, and covers laid for thirty. Miss
Butler's guests were Mrs. G. 11. Elliott,
Mrs. EL D. Fry, Mrs. Fred Green, Mrs.
Thomas Magee Jr., Mrs. Cutler Paige, Miss
Daisy Van Ness, Miss Alice Hover, Miss
Frances Curry, Miss Lizzie Carroll, Miss
Jennie Catherwood, Miss Fanny Crocker,
Miss Mamie Thomas, Miss Ethel Tomp
kins, Miss Rose Hooper, Miss Eloise Davis,
Miss Mary Bell Gwin, Miss Mabel de
Noon. Miaa Ida Gibbons, Miss Grant, Miss
Kip, Miss Helen Ross, Miss Louise Har
rington, Miss Lizzie Schneely, Miss Owen,
Miss Pierce, Miss Tucker and Miss Isabelie
O'Connor. 0
Leap year has not found the gentlemen
altogether unprepared. Taking advantage
of the off year Lieutenant Joyce, assisted
by ten brother officers, gave a delightful
tea at the Presidio on Friday afternoon.
The decorations were all in red — the artil
lery color— and through the courtesy of
General Graham the Presidio band fur
nished the music. The hours of the tea
were from 4 to 6, during which time the
gallant officer? entertained their 300 guests
in a manner that excited the approval as
well as the envy of their fair friends.
The Misses Bee and Ethel Hooper, who
at preseut are the guests of Major and
Mrs. Darling at the Presidio, were ten
dered a delightful serenade on Wednesday
evening. The Presidio band furnished the
music, and all the cottagers, with lighted
lanterns swung over their shoulders, as
sembled on the lawn adjoining the
Darling cottage.
On Monday the Misses Graham will give
a tea at the Presidio in honor of the Misses
Hooper.
Quite the most elaborate entertainment
of the week was .the musicale yesterday
given by Mrs. Cunningham at her elegant
residence on Paciiic avenue. All the ele
gant apartments on the ground floor were
thrown open to the guests, and decorated
with flowers and ferns. Yellow was the
prevailing shade, and consequently costiy
vases, exquisite crystal bowls and every
variety of elegant receptacles for blossoms
were tilled with golden daffodils.
The large billiard room was for the occa
sion converted into a music room, and the
potted palms and ferns that were artistic
ally arranged about the apartment were a
cool and delightful contrast to the wealth
of tropical foliage and rare exotics in the
conservatory adjoining. After the music
there were delicious refreshments. |
Mrs. Cuhnineham received, her guests
assisted by her sister, Mrs. Dr. "Whittell.
The hours of the reception were from 4
till 6.
The following. was the afternoon's pro
gramme:
Trio in F (Godard). Mrs. Carr, Mr. Beel and
Mr. Heine; (a) "Adieu. Suzon" (Tosti), (6) '-Bon
Jour, Suron" (Fessard), Miss Sofia Kewlaod;
preislied from the "Meisterslnger" (Wcgner),
Signiund Beel; "To All Eternity" (Masche
roni), with violin ob'.igato, Willis Bacheller;
wrabande and gavotte il'opper), Louis Heine;
act, "In Woodland Dell" (Chaminade), Miss
Xewlaad and Mr. Bacheller; bolero (Arbos),
Mr*. Carr, Mr. Beel and Mr. Heine.
Miss Asnea Brandensteia h&s sent out ,
invitations fora luncheon on Monday next. i
Mrs. M. Brandenstein.will give a dinner
I on Thursday evening complimentary to
Mrs. William Haas, who leaves shortly
for Europe. MSB
Dr. and Mrs. Louis Bazet will give a
j uvenile party on Saturday, February 29,
at their residence "Washington street, in
honor of their little daughter, Miss Emma
Bazet.
ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED.
Preparing for a Large Numher of Easter
Weddings.
The engagement Is announced of Miss Daisy
Melbourne und Mr. Geoflrey Waugh.
An important wedding in Jewish circles is
that of Mr. Joseph M. Jacobi and Selma
Altmayer, daughter of Abrara Altmayer, presi
| dent of the Bush-street Temple. The cere- '<
I niony will take place at the temple on March 4
; at 5 r. >'.
Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Ruppel announce the en
pgenient of their daughter Eugenia to Mr.
Henry Wilfert.
The engagement is announced of Miss Annie
Voss and Charles Feierbach. \ •'- -.■
The engagement is announced of Miss Josie
Stndwick and Leo Heringhi, both of this City.
The engagement is announced of Mr. 1,. Sum
m< rfield of this City and Miss Cora Blochman
of San Diego.
The engagement is announced of Miss Marion
Joseph, formerly oi this City, but now of Port
land, Or., to Berthold Golds"mith, a manufac
turer oi Pittsburg, Pa.
THEATEE PARTIES.
Paderewßki and the Play Claim Society's
Attention.
Mrs. S. J. Wilson gave a theater party on
Monday evening, entertaining her guests at the
Paderewski recital at the California Theater.
Alter the performance the guests repaired to
the home of the hostess, on Pacific avenue,
where a delicious supper awaited them. Mrs.
Wilson's guests were: Mrs. B. M. Rudy, Miss
Mahan, Miss Eva Ranks, Miss Cameron, Miss
A. Sheldon, Elmer Crocker, 11. Gonn, Charles
Blake and Will Dourles.
On Monday evening Miss Alice Friedlander
gave a most delightful theater party in honor
of Miss Carrie Friendly, who is visiting here
from her home in Eugene, Or. Miss Fried
lander and her guests occupied five loges at
the Columbia Theater, and after enjoying the
performance they repaired to the hostess' resi
dence, on Buchanan and Cahlornia streets,
whore an elaborate supper was served.
The table was all decorated in red, and in
candescent lights Bhowing through red globes
shed a warm and pretty licht over the hand
somely appointed table. During supper there
I was music by the Columbia Theater orchestra
and souvenirs, silver ] swel cases for the ladies
and a dainty hand-painted cup and saucer for
each gentleman.
Miss Friedlander's guests were: Miss Carrie
Friendly, Miss Jennie Moore, Miss Ruby Lowen
berg, Miss Hilda Browii, Miss Leah* Hersch,
Miss Ruby Jacobs, Miss Emma Baum. Miss
Rose Goslinsky, Miss Alice Taussig, Miss Hattie
Bastheim, Ed. L. l'eixotto. Charles Sulro Jr.,
Jesse Triest, Abe Brown, 11. L. Sachs, Joseph
Hirsch, Ben Davis, Arthur Bacnman, Myer
Kahn, Charles Roser.er and Arthur Bastheim.
To-morrow, Monday evening, Mr>. Louis
Schwabacher will give a theater party in honor
of her niece, Miss Jennie Schwabacher, whose
engagement toEmile Rosenbaum was recently
announced.
The party will attend the Columbia Theater
and occupy five boxes.
On Tuesday evening Miss Katherine Powers
cave a most delightful theater party at the
Tivoli, in honor of Miss Margaret Collier.
After the theater the party was entertained by
Dr. and Mrs. George Powers at supper at the
University Club. Miss Powers' guests were:
Mrs.- G. H. Powers, Miss Eyre, Miss Mabel
de Noon, Miss Fonlke, Miss Sarah Collier,
Miss Margaret Collier, Dr. Powers, Milton
S. Latham, G. 11. Powers Jr., George B. de
Long. Henry \Y. Poett, Bryant Greenwood,
Frank Van Ness and Fred A. Macondray.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Birthday Parties and a Nnmher of Dances
Held During the Week.
The Henrietta Yacht Club tendered Its re
tiring ofiTcers a banquet on February 11, 1596,
at 525 Davis street. G. Nathan was master of
ceremonies. During the evening there were
toasts, songs and comic recitations and de
lightful music by V. Meyer and J. Geary.
The following members and ladies were pres
ent: Mr. and Mrs. D. Capurro, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Spohn, Mr. and Mrs. G. Thomas, Mr. and Mrs.
E. Rittore, Mr. and Mrs. P. Dubois, Miss T.
Louis, Miss A. Martini, Mr. and Mrs. F. Bacig
aluDi, Mr. and Mrs.' A Brower. Miss R. Martini
Miss. J. O'Brien, Miss Rose Bremmer Miss M.
Eaverson, Miss A. McGarry, Miss Burn'end,
Miss Nicholas, Miss Henrietta Snow, Miss A.
Stephens, Miss Leahy, Miss M. Risk, Miss E.
[ Benke, G. Nathan. Charles Biziou, F. Martini,-
J. Bargones, J. Griffin, S. Bussolino, V. Perazzi,
E.Durham, F. Burtiend, William Dwyer, W.
Jennings, P. Buileti, John Griflin H. Marks
and L. Bollinger.
On Thursday evening, February 6, Ignatz
Levy celebrated the anniversary of his twenty
first birthday at his home, 181-i Post street.
Singing, dancing and games were indulged
in until midnight, when the guests adjourned
to the spacious dining halls and partook of a
sumptuous repast. It being leap year the
young ladies as well us the gentlemen re
sponded to the call of Edward H. Morris who
acted as toastniasier and master of ceremonies.
After supper the guests again adjourned to
the large parlors where dancing and games
were resumed until the wee hours of morning
when all we-nt' home fully 'appreciating the
hospitality of Mrs. Nathan Levy.
Among "those present were: Miss Pauline
Morris, Mi6s Edith Lew, Miss Belle Davis,
Miss Adele Levy. Miss Stella Hamburger, Miss
Juliette Son, Miss Bessie Levy, Miss Minnie
Harris, Miss Jennie Harris,. Miss Katie Aron,
Miss Mattie Cowen, Miss Ray Goldstone,
Mis.v Miriam Morris, Miss Theresa Blumentfaal,
Miss Frances Blumenthal, Mrs. L. Kahn, Mrs.
T. Nathan, Mrs. M. Brandt, Mrs. N. Levy, Mrs.
A. Morris, Dr. Ignatz Lew, Edward H. Morris,
Charles H. Harris. Joe Raphael, Joe Weise,
Moe Davis, Julius Morris, Hymin Abrahams,
Major Milton Wasserman, Ralph Davis, Joe
Goldstone, Oscar Frank, Phil Badt, Sol Badl,
Los Han, Moc Abrahamson. Louis : Meyer,
Harry Aron, Jacob Kallmann, Heury Kall
mann. Lee Kahn, Abe Morris.
j An enjoyable party was given to i Miss Mary
i Abrams at her residence, 400 Pacific avenue,
Sunday evening, by her many friends. Among
the features of the evening were dancing, sing
ing, games, reciting, and sleicnt-of-hand per
formances by Professor Louis Aucker. At 12
o'clock the march was led to supper by the
pretty little hostess, Miss Mary Abrams' and
fully twentv.fi.Te couDlea loliowtd into tae,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
prettily decorated dining-room. The dancing
hall was tastefully decorated by Messrs.- Freed
and Anthony, and alter dancing till 2:30
o'clock in the morning the merry folks de
parted. Amonc; those present wero Miss Mary
Abrams, Mr. and Mrs. Abrams, Mr. and Mrs.
Wolff, Mrs. Alexander, the Mis-.es Abrams,
Lubliuer, King, Schoenlight,. Gold, Borron,
Zucber. Friedlander, Greenbaum, Lubosch,
Cohen, Blum, Newman and Doase and Messrs.
Stamper, Anthony, Rosenbach, Freed, Stern,
Franks, AbraniK, Michels, Lewis, Claussen,
Blum, Goldberg, Garren, Joseph, Kasser,
Hyman and Hertz.
A very pleasant juvenile' party was given
February 8 in honor of Mendel and Sigmund
Schloss' birthday at 10 Liberty street. The
little ones passed a very pleasant afternoon,
and at their departure each one carried away
a delightful souvenir. Among those present
were Miss Doris Belle Cohen, Miss Lena Roths
child, Miss Isabella Schloss, Miss Ida Roths
child, Miss Bertha Hutchings, Miss Helen
Blumberg, Miss Flora Sproul, Masters Mendel
Schloss, Joy Rothschild, Sigmnnd Schloss, Sig
mund Cohen, Hoy Miller, Walter Hutchings, i
Clarence Hobbs, Charlie McFadden, Nardie
Cerf, Richard Cerf, Fred Blumberg,, Dave
Willis, Percy Armstrong, Sydney Armstrong,
Eddie Cerf, Mannie Cerf, Garlield Cousins. •
The children or the Cambrian Hall Sunday
school gave a most enjoyable entertainment at
their hall, 1138 Mission street, on Thursday
evening. Songs, recitations, etc., constituted
the evening's programme.
The Bar Mitzvah of Max Stern, son of Mr.
a;;d Mrs. S. Stern, took place yesterday, Satur
day, February 15, at Bush-street Temple. A
reception will follow to-day at 14.17 Mission
street.
Court Robin Hood, Ancient Order of Forest
ers of America, made merry last. Saturday
evening. An entertainment, followed by a
social and banquet, was held at Social Hall in
the Alcazar building. Court Robin Hood is one
of the oldest lodges in the jurisdiction of For
esters, and Its members and many friends
were out in full force. Much of- the
success of the evening was duo to . the
very able management afforded by the
following committees: Floor manager, E. W.
Haughy; assistants— Peter Farrell, James
Lowey, John A. McLeo.i, W. 11. Michaelson
reception committee— Muirhead, J. B.
Tungate, James Cook, 11. Nilfeer, \V. H. Ram
sey; committee of arrancenienth— D. D. Con
nolly, P. Wichrowski, James Smith, E. W.
liaughy, James A. Mclvor.
The guests at the Hotel Berkshire gave a de
lightful hop on Thursday evening, which was
to be their last entertainment of the season.
Dancing to excellent music was the main
feature until midnight, wheu an elaborate
supper was served. . '
Miss Kalisher, who will leave on Tuesday for
Paris, where she will continue her art studies,
was given a farewell supper last night at her
former studio in the Supreme Court building.
Only her fellow students of thG life class of the
Hopkins Institute of Art were present. Among
those who participated in the Bohemian fes
tivities incident to the occasion were Miss
Hillyer, Miss Jordan, Miss Vivian, Miss Dem
ing, Miss Loniax, Miss Holden, Miss Luridborg,
Miss Rice, Miss Morgan, Miss Alice Osborne.
Miss Kali.sher, Mrs. Arthur Mathews, Miss
Schwerfn, Miss Hall, Miss Whitney, Miss Sco
ville and Miss Tautphaus.
CHABOT TEA.
Sooiety People Attend a Fashionable Oakland
Tea.
A four o'clock tea was given by Mrs-. Remi
Chabot at the Chabot residence, corner of
Maaison and Eleventh streets, Oakland, on
Wednesday afternoon. The house was taste
fully decorated for the occasion with potted
plants. The following ladies received: Mrs.
Remi Chabot and daughters, Mrs. J. Mofnttand
daughters, Mrs. W. C. Ralston, Mrs. H.
flaight, Mrs. F. E. Bingham, Mrs. John Yule,
Mrs. Harry Hinckley, Mrs. Everson and daugh
ters, Mrs. Knight, the Misses Knight, Miss Fitz
gerald, Miss Worden, Miss Benriham, Miss
Jolliffe, Miss Sinclair and the Misses Dunham.
Among those present were the following
ladies: Mrs. I. L. Requa, Mrs. Mark Requa,
Mrs. Phil Remillard and daughter, Mrs. A. J.
Ralston and daughter, Mrs. W. C. Ralston, Mrs.
B. Searight. the Misses Strong. Mrs. Charles
Sawyer. Mrs. Prentice Selby, Miss Florence
Selby, Miss Annie Sessions, Mrs. J. W. Shank
lin, Mrs. Captain Simpson, Mrs. Frank Soule,
Mrs. Spaulding, Mrs. Stauly, Mrs. E. L. G.
Steele, Mrs. Gordon Stolp. Mrs. Fred Strat- ]
ton, Mrs. Spiers, Mrs. Austin Srerry, Miss
Skidmoro. Mrs. Standeford, Miss Sterrett, Mrs.
Georare Law Smith and daughter, Mrs. Carl
Schilling. Mrs. Frank Shattuck. Mrs. Dr.
Small, Mrs. Peder Sather, Mrs. Sanborn, Mrs.
H. C. Taft, Mrs. Judge Tompkins and daugh
ters, Mrs. Harry Thomas, Mrs. IT. G.Thomas,
Mrs. Treat, Miss Spring, Mrs. Vrooman, Mrs.
John Yule, Mrs. George Wheatnn, Mrs. Rob
ert Watt and daughters, Mrs. Wellman
and daughters, Mrs. Howard Wright, Mrs.
Paxton Wright, Mis 9 Helen Wright, Mrs.
Henry Wetherbee, Mrs. Dr. Wheeler, Miss
Wores, Miss Worden, Mrs. Arthur Wilson.
Mrs. Egbert stone and daughter, Mrs. Grant
Sclfridsre, Mrs. Monteverde, Miss Sinclair,
Miss Jolliffe, Mrs. Tiburcio Parrott, Mrs. Paw
licki, Mrs. Josephine de Greayer, Mrs. Sulli
van, Mrs. Horace Davis, Mrs. Henry Gibbon*
and daughter, Miss Dean, Miss Belle Cohan,
Mrs. Dean, Miss Ethel Cohen, the Misses With
row, Mrs. Robert Mackenzie and daagnter,
Mrs. Win ton, Mrs. Crave. Mrs. Joseph Le Conte,
Mrs. Martin Kellogg, Mrs. Clinton Day, Mrs.
ii'.iss. Mrs. Baker, Mrs. Josiah Stanford and
daughter, Mrs. Holt and daughter, Mrs. Gran
ville Abbott, Mrs. Edson Adams. Mrs. Harry
Adams, Mrs. Allender, Mrs. Charles Allen, Mrs.
James Allen, Mrs. Augur, Mrs. Acker. Mmes.
Charles Alexander Sr. and Jr., Mrs. Ed Benja
min, Miss Callahan. Mrs. Cushing and daugh
ter, Mrs. Clinton Cushing, Miss J. A. Chase,
Mrs. Clement and daughter. Mrs. Coghill, Mrs.
Howard Colt, Mrs. Dr. Hitchcock, Mrs. Arthur
Crellin, Mrs. Thomas Crellin and daugh
ters, Mrs. Clift and daughters, Mrs. E. \V.
Churchill, Mrs. W. B. Carr, Mrs. An
drew "Carrigan, Mrs. R. F. Covle, Mrs. T.
C. Coogan, Mrs. W. H. Chickering, Miss
Edith Coxhead, Mrs. Franktou Bangs, Mrs.
and Mi.-s Barker, Mrs. Joshua Barker, Mrs.
George Bailey, Mrs. L. A. Booth, Miss Booth,
Mrs. Eugene Breck, Mines. Samuel Breck Jr. and '
Sr., Mrs. Alpheus Bull, Mrs. P. Bowles, Mrs. G.
Bray, Mrs. C. B. Bates, Mrs. Driscoll, Mrs. c.
Dunham, Mrs. Charlotte Duering, Mrs. Duhr
ing, Mrs. W. R. Davis, Mrs. Dyer, Mrs. F. E.
Brigham, Mrs. Albert Brown. Mr>. W. E. Bow
ers, Mrs. Wallace Everson, Mrs. Dr. Fenton,
Mrs. J. A. Folger, Mrs. W. H. Patton, Miss
Prather, Miss Snell, Mrs. R. W. Grayson, Mrs.
Samuel Knieht. Mrs, E. S. Knight, Mrs. Kit
tredge, Mrs. Thomas Magee, Mrs. C. O. G. Mil
ler, Miss Haifrht, Hutchinson, Mrs. Charles
Webb Howard, Mrs. W. G. Henshaw.
SOUTHEBN GAYETIES.
Noted Visitors Enjoy the Festivities at Cor
onado,
Not in years have social pleasures at Coro
nado been so frequent or so gay as this winter,
Two brilliant Dalls at the great hotel have
taken place during the week. The first was a
military affair and very imposing, given In
compliment to Admiral Beardslee and officers
of the navy, all of whom attended in full uni
form. Fifteen hundred invitations were issued.
The second was a charity invitation ball, under
# the auspices of a very distinguished list of
patrons, comprising society leaders of many
cities. The tropical and military decorations of
the big ballroom were a unique and effective
combination, and dainty gowns and handsome
uniforms were set off in bold relief by screen*
of palm leaves and smilax and by the rich
coloring of the flags of all countries. Many San
Franciscans, guests of the house, were in at
tendnnce.
Hon. Robert T. Lincoln and party of eight
are passing a few days at Coronado en route to
New Orleans to witness the Mardi Gras.
E. P. Ripley, president of the Santa Fe, with
Mrs. Ripley. D. B. Robinson, Paul Morton, W.
B. BiSdle, W. B. Strong, C. W, Smith, A. G.
Wells, N. K. Fairbank. Xorman B. Ream and
D. E. Richardson are being entertained at
Coronsdo. General Manager K. H. Wnde of
the Southern California road will accompany
them on a tour through the State.
Among diversions planned for the week at
the resort are visits to the Philadelphia, the
Monterey and the Albatross, now in the
I southern harbor: a naval battalion and United
States army drill; a sham battle by marirJes
and seamen; complimentary excursion to
Zuninga jetty; excursions to Mexico; water
polo, sailing parties, driving parties, and a
famous rab&it chase to-day.
The Gymnkanna' Club, exceedingly, popular
a few years since among hotel guests, h"as been
reorganized, and the energies of its members
will be devoted to promoting sports. Fine
athletic grounds have been laid out, and sug
gestively named "Sportarena," upon -which a
series of out-of-door diversions will take place.
IN THE FUTURE.
| Clnb Parties Announced for the Mardi Qras
Celebration. .
The Mystic's seventeenth evening dress party j
will be held at the new N. S. G. W. Hall next
Tuesiay evening. Invitations must be pre
sented at the door.
The Chevra Shaare Refovah will hold its an
nual Purim prize masquerade ball on Sunday
evening, February 23, at the temple on Turk
street, oetween Taylor and Jones.
The Juarez Guard has issued invitations for j
a grand masquerade and "cascarone" ball '
Tuesday evening, February 18, at Apollo Hall, j
810 Pacific street. ■ . ..-
PERSONAL.
Hon. and Mrs. Paris Kilburn are residing at j
1117 Taylor ; street ', and will receive their !
friends on the first and fourth Thursdays.
Mr. and Mrs. Colin M. Boyd will go to San !
Jose next week for short visit.
Mrs. J. Eger . has been spending a week at
Berkeley, the guest of Mr. and Mrs. I. Fischel.
Miss Annie L. Stono ,■ bag arrived, in >'e-.v
York, and will depart in a few days for Eu
rope.
Madam and Miss E. Gifford have moved to
the Bella Vista Hotel.
fhe Misses Clara nnd Emma Kalisher leave
on Tuesday next for New York, en mute to
Europe, where they will devote themselves to
the study of art and music. Miss Julia Hyman
will accompany them'and will srive her atten
tion to the study of instrumental music.
Mrs. E. E. Caswell is in New York.
Mrs. F. E. Wilson has returned from her
visit to San Jose.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Rothchild have been
spending a week at Tortiand, Or.
Miss Fannie Lewis and Miss Rose Kasper will
be at home the third Sunday of the month at
2015 Sacramento street.
Caspar Cohen is visiting relatives here from
his home in Los Angeles.
Mrs. Myer Jacobs has gone to the southern
part of the State to visit her sister, Mrs. George
A. Pierce.
Mrs. Sol Getz of 507 Devisadero street will be
pleased to sec her friends on the last Thursday
of each month.
THE DEAD BURGLAR.
Several Persons Offer Opinions :is to
the Identity of the
Man.
Several persons called at the Morgue
yesterday and offered opinions as to the
identity of the burglar who was shot and
killed by Frank J. Miller at the residence
of J. L. Franklin, 2930 California street,
cany Saturday morning.
F. O. Jacques, living at 910 Pacific
street, declared that the dead man was
known to him as "Frisco Slim." He knew
the deceased as a tramp, and it was only
a short time ago when he met him in the
country.
P. K. Eickhorst, in whose saloon at
Greenwich and Pierce streets Frank Nev
ille, a carpenter, was shot and killed on
November 17 last, says that the dead
burglar was Neville's slayer.
Captain Lees, however, asserts that the
saloon man is mistaken, that the murderer
of Neville is still alive, and he hopes some
day to arrest and convict him of the
crime.
The body is still at the Morgue. It was
viewed by hundreds of people yesterday.
MALONEY CHARGES FRAUD
The Turfman Sues Colonel Theo
dore C. Marceau, the
Photographer.
Says He Paid $223 Under Duress and
Through Fraudulent Repre
sentations.
A suit was riled in the Justices' Court
yesterday against Colonel Theodore C.
Marceau, the photographer, in which the
ex-National Guardsman is charged with
fraudulently obtaining a warrant for the
arrest of J. H. Maloney, the turfman.
Maloney ordered a quantity of photo
graphs from Marceau in March, 1895, and
refused to accept them when they were de
livered on the ground that they were a
strikingly poor likeness an.l badly finished.
On March 30, when he was about to leave
the Palace for tiie train on which he was
to depart for the East, he was arrested on
a warrant sworn out by Marceau* charging
him with the intention of leaving the
State to defraud his creditors.
While under arrest he say 3 that the pho
tographer took advantage of the fact that
he had fully arranged to leave at once for
the East on important business and had no
time to delay and consult an attorney and
extorted $223 from him as payment for the
pictures in spite of his violent protest.
Ho was gone six months, and now sues
for the return of the $223 alleged to have
been paid under duress. The complaint
tiled yesterday was in part as follows:
That plaintiff's intention so to depart from
said City and County of San Francisco was
well known and understood by said defendant,
and that said defendant, taking advantage of
said plaintiff's intention to depart from San
Francisco as aforesaid, and fraudulently con
triving to harass, oppress and annoy this plain
tiff and by means of force and coercion to ex
tort from plaintiff the sum of money herein
after mentioned, he, the said defendant, com
menced an action in the Justices' Court of the
City and County of San Francisco against the
plaintiff herein, falsely charging that this
plaintiff was indebted to the defendant nerein
in the sum of $223 in lawful money of the
United States. • 1 ..-j>v :. 
That said defendant herein on said 30th day
of March, 1895, fraudulently made and caused
to be riled in said action an affidavit wherein
said delendant falsely charged that the plain
tiff herein was indebted to said defendant
herein in the sum ot |223, and that
this plaintiff intended to leave the State
of California for the purpose and with the in
tention to cheat and defraud him, the said de
fendant, out of the said sum of money and
thereupon and thereby the said deiendant by
means of such false and fraudulent state
ments and representation*, procured an order
for the arrest of this plaintiff to be issued out
of the Jubtices' Court.
Ttie complaint also denies that the sum
of $223 is due Marceau, and demands the
return of the money. In his answer to
Marceau's suit, tiled a few days ago, he in
timated that he would sue the photog
rapher for $25,000 damages for the arrest.
FOB A GENERAL CLEAN-UP
The Civic Federation Still Deter
mined to Suppress the
Dives.
Hopes to Secure Conviction in the
Pending Pool-Selling Case—Offi
cers on Guard.
Rev. Thomas Filben, chairman of the
committee on public morals of the Civic
Federation, in an interview yesterday con
cerning the latest case brought against
the pool-sellers, said he had hopes of a
conviction, as the case met all the points
upon which the Messenger case failed.
The ticket in this case, he said, was
bought fifteen minutes to 4 o'clock, imme
diately before the race was run, leaving no
room for the defense that the money had
been carried to the track and there placed
on the horse. Besides, no commission
was paid. Then it was a 5-cent bet and
the lowest bet taken at the track is $1.
In the event of a favorable decision in
this case the federation purposes to insist
on arrests being made on the same lines
and prosecution Kept up until the business
is stopped.
"The Civic Federation," continued Mr.
Filben, "is working to bring about a gen
eral clean-up, to remove the odium that
the City suffers from the flaunting of vice
in the public eye. We have instituted a
close watch on the poker games, pool
rooms and dives Generally. We have
already put a blockade on Morton street.
We have operated successfully against the
show places in the tenderloin and China
town.
"These places are not in operation as
they were a year or more ago. In this
work we havethe police and public with
US. "We have been working quietly, seek
ing an end rather than an advertisement
on the way.
"We are somewhat disappointed at the
outcome of the ordinance against poker
games. District Attorney Barnes prom
ised, if the ordinance failed in any partic
ular, he would prepare another, until he
got one that did hold. So we expect to
see a new one introduced at the next meet
ing of the Board of Supervisors."
Lord Lcmsdale's hobby is to collect
whip?. Some in his possession are worth
|500 each.
MEW YORK GIRL WORKERS
Bab Tells of the Philanthropy
of Mrs. Dudlap Hop
kins.
HER GRAND SCHOOL OF DESIGN.
What It Is Doing for All Classes
of Ambitious Ycung
Women.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 11, 1896.-An
other woman letter. But it is to that girl
woman who is doing the work of a man,
and getting— well, she gets encourage
ment from her woman friends, and she has
the somewhat doubtful pleasure of hoping
for gratitude in the hereafter. I don't
know how many there are— l am always
off where numbers are concerned — but
leaving out the girls in the shops and the
pirls in the big factories, there are hun
dreds of girls in New York either earning
their living or studying to make their
living with a pen, a pencil, or the paint
brush, on the violin, on the piano, or with
that most beautiful of all instruments the
human voice. And usually these girls
are alone. They come flocking in by the
hundreds, hoping as only a girl-woman
can hope, with bright eyes and glowing
cheeks, for success. Then they started to
work, only to discover that it is nearly all
work and very little play. That pretty
girl who lived in a small "town— well, we
will call her Dolly Brightness— developed
remarkable abiiity to sketch everybody
she saw; her pictures were the delight of
the neighborhood; she caricatured all the
villagers from the preacher in the pulpit to
the funny old doctor and to the small boys
in the back pew, who went to sleep, and
caricatured them good-naturedly. Then
she painted flowers so well that the neigh
bors declared you could notteliher roses
from the real ones. Little by little enough
money was saved for her to come to New
York and study.
She landed at one of the big stations
with a bunch of goldenrod, her bag and
two bundles, and for the first time she be
gan to realize that she was going to be a
stranger in a strange land. The cable-car
took her to the house where board had been
engaged for her, tne place that was to be
her future home; a hall bedroom on the
four:h floor. The windows were half the
size of those on the floor below, and only
one belonged to her room. There was a
folding bed, wby, I don't know, as nobody
younger than Dolly's grandfather would
have been allowed in her room, and even
her grandfather would have had to have
brought a certificate proving his relation
ship to satisfy the landlady, since her idea
was always to believe the wrong about a
young girl. Then there was a rattly old
bureau with keyholes, but no keys, a tiny
basin Dig enough for the bath of a small
kitten, but not for that of a well-grown
girl, while the jug had its 'nose broken as
if it had got 'disgusted with the smel
of stale water.
There was one chair, but as the land
lady gleefully said, "This room, Miss, is
heated." A gloomy-looking register sug
pested that fact. But when the day came
that suggested that a whiff of warm air
wouid be desirable Dolly opened tne reg
ister and got, not heat but the accumulat
ed smells o! the various dishes that had
been cooked in that house for the last
seven years. For this room there was
paid $7 a week, which left Dolly with $3
for her expenses. And Dolly, by the by,
had much more than the average girl.
The parlor, which reminded one of a
cemetery vault, had a little sign on the
door which said, "Ladies are expected to
receive the friends here. Tne gas is put
out at 10 o'clock." Why it was called the
parlor puzzled Dolly, for she never heard
anybody talk there all that long winter;
when anybody did go in they spoke in
whisDers and behaved as if there was won
der as to the corner in which the coffin
stood.
While she was working it was all very
well, but Dolly was only human, and she
wanted a little play. She couldn't have it
there. It is true, once in a while some of
the other girls climbed up the stairs and
visited her in the hall room, but that was
not a comfortable visit, since Dolly had to
let the bed down so that her jruests might
have something to sit on, and that left no
room in which to be sociable. Once she
told me that she believed her desire to en
joy herself would get the better of her
some night, and that she would walk out
on the streets and look in the shop win
dows. What will become of Dolly if she
does that? My friend, do you know what
Iwond*r? It is this: That more girls do
not go to the devil, straight. It is a beau
tiful tribute to their innate goodness tnat
so many of them can look into their
mothers faces and by that look convince
them of their purity and their goodness.
But this is all leading up to another
story. When a woman is old and rich
and ugly it seems as if nature intended
her for a philanthropist. But when she is
young and handsome and rich and doesn't
call herself a philanthropist, but does the
work of a real one, then she is — what?
Yes, you have said it— a gift of God. When
the New York School of Technical Design
was started by Mrs. DunlaD Hopkins her
friends laughed, and thought it the fad of
a pretty woman tired of society; but time
proved that if this was a fad, fads were
good things, since it resulted in a school
where, for a comparatively small sum, a
girl may learn to do work with her pencil,
or her brush, or with clay; to do work
that will sell. Not such work as we too
often see, amateurish to the last degree,
and sold by some kindly woman, who
doesn't realize the harm she is doing the
real workers, but who, because somebody
needs it, gets $25 for a painted plaque that
deserves to be thrown in the tire.
The philanthropy of Mrs. Hopkins' work
consisted in making girls understand that
their work was only worth what it would
fetch in the market, and not the sum
given by their friends, or at church raffles.
Well, year after year the school grew,
until now it stands a monument to tne
wonderful brain and loving heart of one
woman.
It is free of debt. From it have come
forth the brightest women architects in
this country. From it, every week, are
sola at the best prices they will bring de
signs for carpet-weaving, designs for wall
paper and designs for book-covers. The
girl who draws carpet designs has learned
her work artistically and practically; she
knows how the thread works through
the loom for a certain kind of car
pet, and she knows the colors and pat
terns that are most salable, and upon
which the greatest profit will be made.
So it is through every department. Each
girl knows that her work will be judged
absolutely according to its merit; conse
quently she works, not only to bean arrist
but to be a money-maker. The girl artist
in the past has, I am sorry to say, too
often been a money-beggar," inasmuch as
ahe expected to get many times the value
of her picture, because she was a woman.
I believe in every consideration being
shown to women by men, but when a
man's work and a woman's work stand
side by side let the buyer forget*vhich was
the woman's and which the m^#:"s and buy
that which is the best. But to return to
the school. There is also in this building
a lunchroom where for a small price the
worker can get what the worker always
needs— a hot meal in the middle of the
day.
Somebody asks: "What does Mr?. Dun
lap HoDkins get out of all this? Noth
ing. That is, nothing in the worldly
sense. Her time and her money have
been given and given generously, and she
is satisfied if her work is a success. That
it is, it proves, but another tribute to it is
the fact that in London they are eetiin<»
up a school just like it and Mrs. Hopkins
is teaching the kindly Princess Christian,
the most broad-minded of the Queen's
daughters, to model a school after this one
in New York.
But now the girls clamor for more.
They say: "You have given us a working
place, give us a home! Take us out of
hall bedrooms, let us realize that we are
human beings who know how to live and
enjoy as well as to work; give us a home!"
And the answer to this is that the New
York Model Building Company, which is
incorporated and consists of two women
architects, Miss Gannon, Miss Hand,
Mrs. Davis and the New York School
of Technical Design, expect to have
that home ready in a year. It will not be
way up beyond Harlem, but it will be in
the heart of the city, and, thank heaven, it
will be so built that sunshine can reach
each room and be lived in. For sunshine
makes healthy women. The prices range
in this way: For a bedroom, a sitting
room and a bath, the three rooms to De
occupied by one woman, the charge will
be $5 a week. The bedroom is a good
sized one, is light, and so is the parlor,
but they are not, of cdurse, the largest
rooms in the hotel. For two connecting
bedrooms, two parlors and a bathroom,
rooms that are to be' occupied by two
women, the price will be $3 apiece a week.
For two bedrooms that are much larger,
two parlors that are much larger and a
very large bathroom, a suite which two
women will also occupy, there will be
made the charge of $5 each per week. The
restaurant prices are to be reasonable, and
it is calculated that the entire cost of liv
ing will be but a little more than that paid
for a hall bedroom, and need only, if one
so wishes, be as much. But the comfort
gained will be wonderful. I saw the de
sign, and I know about this. There is the
money ready to do it.
But still there is another story, and that
is the one that appeals to me. lam not a
believer in women's clubs, but I am a be
liever in women helping one another. So
the busy architects have drawn a design
for a clubhouse where there will be a
library, a reading-room, a gymnasium,
several reception-rooms and one large
room giver over to the times when there
are special meetings or special entertain
ments. Many of New York's richest
women have given not only their approval
Out their money to this scheme, and are
gladly acting on the various committees.
A generous civer concealing his or her
name has presented to the club a farm
called "Twilight Park," up in the
nearby country where the girls can no
for their vacations, when the so-called
"Cabin" is built. But to return to the
club. It is meant to be for those girl
women who are artists, writers or musi
cians, or who are studying any kind of
work and are alone. It is meant to work
somewhat in this way; there will be a
committee on hospitality and some other
committee with a kindly name, which I do
not remember, and when, at any school,
the news comes of a student to appear
to-morrow, that student will tind "upon
her arrival two or three girls eager in their
greetings, and one of them will accom
pany her to her abiding place.
In this way the stranger will not risk
getting on a car for Harlem when she
wants to co to Twenty-third street or
standing dazed, frightened and alone, a
prey for sharpers. The club cirl will
tell her what it is wisest for her
to do, help her a bit about her
arrangements, invite her -to the next
social meeting of the club, and in
time she will make a place for herself.
This club is not going to inquire "Are you
a Catholic or a Protestant? is there tainted
blue blood in your veins, or healthy red?
Are you rich or are you poor?" But in
stead, "Are you alone and do you want a
helping band, and would you like to be
one of us?" It will not be'a sin in this
club for the girls to have a dance, ana if
they choose to get up private theatricals
or a little concert, or a burlesque exhibi
tion of paintings, there will be encourage
ment for them, and when the really jolly
nights are on Land it is just possible, in
fact 1 think I may say tliat it is absolutely
probable, that if some girl blushes and
wishes she could ask Tom Brown, she will
be told to invite him, and indeed each girl j
can ask the Tom, Dick or Harry who may j
be friend or sweetheart.
You see, this club is to be run by girl- '
NEW TO-DAT.
$2 Warp Print Dress Silks at $1.25.
Complete Lines Novelty Wash Fabrics.
The 1896 Neck Garnitures— Jet and Pearl.
Prettiest Gold Belts— Medallion Buckles.
And at Market=Street Store the New Spring
Dress Goods.
Warp Print Dress Silk
<*Ln<=»r ill The beautiful Taffetas,
opCLldl. with Persian, Dresden,
Chameleon and silk stripe effects,
printed in the warp of which the most
fashionable gowns and waists will be
made. A lucky chance gave us 1500
yards at less than manufacturer's
cost. As a special drive before ar-
rival of our regular stocks we have
marked these exquisite $2 silks at
$1 25 a yard.
21 ratterns and colors.
Only a fe-.v yards, of each pattern. ;
Both stores ior these. ■ •
Shirt Waists, Proper
Styles for '06 Thehj ghcoi-
°V IC:> IUI y u# lars, detach-
able collars, sleeves full to the wrist-
bands, the new fronts, the three
most fashionable colors — yellow,
pink and green— all other colors,
dimity, percale, Madras or lawn.
Fast color Percale Waists, 50c.
Corded DiraUy Wais s. $1.
Lawn Waists— many styles— sl 25.
Grass Linen Waists— high novelty— sl 50.
Both stores for these.
Narrow Belts in De=
mand Now Made of goid-
lliailU I^IUYY. washed metal or
leather— those are the fashionable
kinds — with oxidized buckles, silver
buckles, gold buckles, medallion
buckles.
l-lnch Gold BeUs. medaliion buckles, 90c. '
1-inch Gold BeUs, o:hpr styles, 60c. 70c.
lJ>4-inch ■ Leather Belts, newest thing, 46c,
cl 20. . . . . -
Separate Buckles, round or square, 15c, 20c.
l-lnch Gold Belting, 50c a yard.
Both of the stores tur these, •■ ,-- .
107-108 I»OST STH.EBT,
1220-1222.1224 JVX^VX^itJtii 1 STMSET.
women, and by a girl-woman I mean one
who has every desire of a woman — her
bravery (else she wouldn't be at work or
trying to learn how to work) and the years
of a £irl, which live her a right to enjoy
herself. Somebody says to me as lam
talking, "Bab, you are too enthusiastic."
No, lam not; not a bit. The world is full
of pessimists who make bitter (by their
words) even the sweet odor of violets ; who
see nothing good either in heaven or earth,
forgetting that on earth there are women.
If when every woman child were born its
future from its cradle to its
were arranged for no one would be
happier than I. I do not believe
lin women having to earn money, ex
| cept by earning it as grateful daughters,
| loving wives and devoted mothers. But,
j alas! there are so many women. And up
! on the frail shoulders "of so many women
i falls the support of so many others. If
! there is a woman worker in the family be
j sure that she is carins for somebody, and
; men should blush with shame when they
I allow women to earn money for them;
that is, of course unless they are invalids.
But right here, where there are thousands
of women working, there are women sup
l porting lazy, shiftless men— brothers, sons
or husbands— and doing it willingly ; los
ing their beauty, losing their attractive
ness, losing all externally that is theirs
by right of their womanhood, because
they have not only to work, but to work
too hard.
You know lam telling the truth. You
need only to look in your own small town,
if you live in one, to "find the shiftless man
who is supported by a woman. If there
is one in the small town, how many are
there in the great big cities? There are
women who are supporting drunkards.
Do you know what that means? To give
a man his daily bread, his clothes and the
roof that covers him, and in addition,
when you are alone to find yourself utter
ing a silent prayer that "he may come
home sober. To have him appear "drunk,
beastly drunk; to put cold cloths on his
head, to try and induce him to take some
j medicine, to work and watch until he eoes
j to sleep; perhaps to have a bruise on your
forehead where he struck you, and which
you excuse because he did not know what
he was doing. After a sleepless night to
find yourseif at your work, and to have
the editor or the picture-buyer or the mer
chant wonder why "you don't throw more
life into your work this morning." These
women are the martyrs of the nineteenth
century.
It is "sadly true. But there are pleasant
things to think about even among tne
workers. There is going to be many a
pleasant evening for the lonely girl, and
she is looking forward to it now with joy,
for she is sure that the good time will
come, since it is being furthered by the
large-hearted woman who made it pns-
I sible for her who needed it to learn to work
well. That is the secret of it — to do it
well. And that is what in her 'own wo
manly way Mr 3. Dunlap Hopkins has
done. lam not a great one for flaunting
the star-spangled banner; some of the
stars are not much credit to us, but the
oue which reflects the State in which Mrs.
Dnnlap Hopkins was born is a credit to it
self and to all the world. Which one?
Well, one of those great big Western ones,
bis enough to give birth to generous
women and appreciative men. I never
look at her, 1 never see those clear,
earnest dark eyes of hers that I do not
think:
A lady with a lamp shall stand
In the creat history of the land,
A noble type of good,
Heroic womanhood.
A prediction? Well there are worse
fortune-tellers than Bab.
j Professor Frederick Starr, occupying the
chair of anthropology in the University of
I Chicago, has left for a three months' trip
I through Mexico and Guatemala. He has
| a twofold idea in making the trip, one
being to mane as thorough an examination
as possible of the buried or rather sub
| merged Aztec city whicii lies at the bottom
j of Lake Chapala, in the State of Jalisco, in
I Mexico; the other to tind out whHt he can
i about the dwarfs, or mountain idiots, who
| inhabit the mountains to the northwest of
j Chapala, and interview the pigmies of the
interior of Guatemala.
Some of the Spring
Dress Fabrics, gJV«X
of the advance styles in popular
priced Summer Dress Goods the
styles that will be most worn by
good dressers— marked as low as
possible at the outset they will be no
cheaper during the season. Shrewd
shoppers will choose while lines are
! perfect. Market-street store only
[ for Dress Goods.
Extra Special.
A flyer to open the season— SHEPHERD PHIDS
AND BROKEN CHECKS-30 patterns-tan
brown, black, white, blue and gray eSec*s—
wool-bough: to sell 50c a 8-yari»uit for
$2 50.
NOVKLTIES IN PLAIDS— 42 inches-all woo!-
-silk stripes— large plaias of course— 25 styles—
I 75c a yard. .
SICILIAN NOVELTY sriTINCxS-39 inches-
wool and mohair— 2 and- 3 toned— many color
effects— 4oc a yard.
FANCY MOHAIR SUITING!*— inches-wool
and mohair— the new s ring designs— shaded
effects— should be 75c— 60c
FANCY DIAGONAL MIXED AND CHECKED
CHEVIOTS— 33 to 12 inches-silk and wool-
new shades— tan. gray, brown, mode, etc.—
mariced 50c a yard.
Chanseants— Mohairs— Persians— Glace Diagonals
—aiciiians— figured or plain— soc to #2 a yard.
The New Neck Gar=
nitfirp<s The jetted effects, black
llliuica. and colored, the things
that are new, that are not shown
elsewhere as yet, made square, made
round, with epaulettes, without. To
see them is to buy them.
Black Jet Garnitures. $2 up.
Colored Garnitures, 90c up.
Both stores for these.HOW AN ENTERPRISING
YANKEE BOY BECAME
A FINANCIAL LORD
-IN SIBERIA
ENOCH EMORY, the merchant
prince of the great Amur region
of Siberia, is a Jiving example of
what may be achieved by an
American boy gifted with pluck,
grit, energy and enterprise.
The story of his rise from a humble
boyhood in a Massachusetts country vil
lage to a position of vast and commanding
influence in the Czar's Asiatic dominions
may be an incentive to some of our youth
to-day to "be up,and stirring" and on the
the sharp lookout for the opportunities
that are constantly presenting themselves
and then flitting away forever. As the
ancient bard has it,
Time wears all his locks before,
And behind his scalp is bare.
Arthur A. Smith and Thomas Freeman
of the shipping and commission house of
Freeman, Smith <fc Co. of San Francisco
each had a hand in shaping the destiny of t
young Emory, although they did not begin
to foresee such results as the years have
brought wiih reference to the Deaniless
boy they started out on the path to fame
and fortune.
Somebody may observe that Emory's
success was due to accident in the begin
ning; but it must be remembered that it is
not everybody who possesses the foresight
t< i take advantage of the openings made by
accident.
Both freeman and Smith were Bos
tonians before they launched in business
or. the snores of the Pacific Shortly after
the Civil War they established themselves
ai the seaport of Nikoleevsk. at the mouth
of the Amur River in Siberia, shipping
goods thither from America, and engag
: _■ in a general supply trade with the set
ts along the river above-mentioned
ta tributaries. The Amur province,
while it is the smallest in Siberia, yet em
braces a territory of 173,559 square" miles,
aixl ten years ago it was credited with a
ation of only 40,000. It has rich
prairie lands, where even watermelons
prow in ihe short, hotsummer; hilly tracts
c< vered with forests, and mountains rich
in gold and other precious metals. That
nee would easily support a popula
tion of many millions. The firm of Free
man (V Smith landed supplies at Nikola
evsk and from there shipped goods up the
long river by boat in summer and by sled
in winter when the stream became atrack :
of ice. They prospered even beyond their i
anticipations, but the Siberian climate and j
the remoteness from the Enclish-speaking
world were things they didn't propose !
■'■> endure.
In the year 1886 both members of the
f.rm retained to this country on a visit, ,
"combining business with pleasure/ as
the common saying goes. While in Boston
they met a mutual old friend in the person
of a Mr. Emory. The latter was-accom
panied by his son, Erjoch, a lad of 16
years. The Emorys resided in a little
town on Cape Cod. The tale of wealth in a
comparative wilderness on. the other side
of the world was listened to with avidity
by the youth, and he had no sooner
reached home than he begsjed permission
of his parents to go along with Messrs.
Freeman and Smith to Siberia. In a way
akin to jest the parents consented, trust
ing, doubtless, that Enoch's sudden fancy
would die out in a few days and be for
gotten. The boy was determined, how
ever, and he wrote to Mr. Freeman on the
Bubject, telling him of the parental will
ingness, making known his strong desire
to go to Siberia and asking for a position
in the firm's establishment at Nikola
cv?k.
Freeman consulted his partner, and then j
vrrote immediately to Enoch that a posi- j
THE WATER FRONT OF MKOLAEVSK.
[From a photograph.]
tion would be made for him, and that he
■would be expected" to be in readiness to
eail for his destination on a certain date
•within a month. Days went by, and r.o
answer came from Enoch.
"Change of mind," the merchants
thought. The firm's vessel completed her
cargo and was within a day of setting sail
from Boston.
Smith was on the wharf, giving some
final directions to the skipper, when sud
denly his coat was pulled by a little fellow
carrying a small bundle of thines tied in
a handkerchief. It was Enoch Emory.
"What?" cried Smith, laughingly. "Are
you all ready. for sea?" An affirmative
response followed. "And are those all the
tilings you have brought with you?"
queried tlie merchant.
"Well," explained Enoch, "I hadn t
time to get very much together. Had I
delayed just a few minutes longer I should
have missed the train, and then I couldn't
caich the ship."
"Didn't Mr. Freeman write to you sev
eral weeks ago, though?" urged .Mr.
fc-mith.
Then Enoch unfolded a tale of maternal
interest and devotion, and of words that
were spoken too soon for the realization of
a mother's fond design.
"The letter came," said Enoch, "but
Tiiotner saw it first and suspecting what
was in it, she read the contents and hid it
away. The letter was kept a secret until
ehe thought the time had passed to make
it of any use to me, and only this very
morning did she hand it to me. Mother
tnought it best I shouldn't go, but I told
L»-r 1 was resolved, and so I snatched up
these few traps, and bidding Ihe folks good
by, ran for the train."
"Do you know how long it takes to go to
Biberia? " asked Smith.
"No, sir."
"Seventy-five days. That handkerchief
full of duds will hardly do. And then it [
gets mighty cold theresometimes."
Enoch had not given these matters any j
thought, and Mr. Smitii took him up- j
town, bought a whole outfit, put the boy i
aboard shin, and told him they would next j
meet at Nikolaevsk.
"We gave the youngster a clerkship at !
the seaport," said Mr. Smith a few days
ago. "Freeman and I were not much in
love with Siberia and in 1870 we decided to j
come to San Francisco and do business j
with the Asiatic country through a trusted i
agent. Enoch Emory proved to be. just j
the kind of man we wanted and we left j
him in charge at Nikolaevsk. In 1872 !
Enoch made a proposition to us and we i
accepted it. By its terms we' transferred i
our Siberian interests to the boy we j
shipped from Boston as a clerk only four j
years previous.
"Twenty-four years have passed and to
day the firm of Freeman, Smith & Co. is
the San. Francisco agency of Enoch Emory j
of Moscow, Knssia.
To-day Enoch Emory is one of the rinan
cial princes of the empire of the Czar. He
draws his supplies from all parts of Europe
and America, and his business extends in j
all directions through not only the Amur '•
region, but throughout the 3,000,000 and |
more of square miles of Eastern Siberia, j
He has trading posts at intervals for over !
2000 miles along the Amur and its tributa
ries and a veritable army of acents.
Seldom it is that some vessel of Emory's
is not loading or unloading at his long !
wharf at Nikolaevsk on the Gulf of Amur.
The Emory headquarters at this port are
shown in an illustration on this page. He
supplies whole settlements witli anything
desired from a pin to a steam locomotive.
During the past twenty years he has made
THE HEADQUARTERS OF ENOCH EMORY AT MKOLAEVSK.
[From a photograph.]
as many as nineteen trips from Moscow to
the distant coast of the Okhotsk Sea.
In the Amur country, where a number
of -Cossack villages have been located, a
considerable degree of civilization prevails.
This may be judged in a measure by the
fact that in a recent shipment of goods
consigned to Emory's Siberian agency
were several scores of California saddles
and a couple of hundred bicycles. -Mr.
Emory furnishes supplies wholesale to the
Russian Government, and ■ his in-
I terests include a big shsye in the mam
moth enterprise of the Siberian railway,
which when completed will cover a
distance of 7000 miles. And as Siberia
develops in population and wealth the
fortune of Enoch Emory will increase in
magnitude, and Barney Barnato's present
lordly .pile may some day look small
alongside the golden possessions of the
Yankee boy who started out to conquer
a Siberian wilderness with the bacKing of
a resolute will and a po-ahead spirit, and
with just baggage enough to fill a hand
kerchief.
NEW STOEIES OP GEANT.
His Lesson to a Luxurious Quarter
master on a Kainy Night.
In the summer of I^4. I passed two days
at the headquarters of General Grant at
City Point, Va., and thus had an oppor
tunity to observe the way of life of this
most democratic of tnc Union command
ers. He mesied with his staff and at his
table sat familiarly every member of his
military househould. The expenses of the
mess, I was told, were divided among the
various members, not in equal propor
tions, but according to the rank of the
various members and in a manner satis
factory to all. There was no show of pa
rade in either furniture or equipage. Every
thing seemed to be for use and arranged i
to economize both space and attention. \
The crockery was scanty and of the plain
est description, and the fare, though abun
dant in quantity, was of a quality that
might be found on the table of any well
to-do workingman in the North. A chop,
with a cup of coffee, served for breakfast, j
a bit of roast beef, with potatoes and hard !
tack, Hanked by a dish of pork and greens, j
sufiicexl for the « o'clock dinner, which had '
neither pastry nor dessert. A cup of tea
and a slice Of bread and butter completed
the fare for the day. The beds were merely
camp cot?, some of them without mat
tresses, and all the visible toilet apparatus
were a few tin wash-basins, a scanty sup
ply of towels, a bit of looking-glass" and a
horn comb.
Every one has read the inventory of the >
general's; bag gage when he made the Vicks- \
burg campaign— "a briarwood telescope j
and a tooth brush." When I met him at j
City Point he had not greatly enlarged his i
personal possessions. Except the three
stars upon his shoulders, there was abso
lutely nothing about him to indicate his I
exalted rank. His clothes were thread
bare, and, despite the constant brushing
of his servant, they would present an un- j
tidy look, due, no doubt, to his habit •
of going 'everywhere and seeing every- I
thing for himself. The general under- !
stood the kinship of cleanliness and
godliness, but there was utter absence of
"fuss and feathers" about him and his en
tire surroundings. Judging of him by !
common report, I had expected to rind ]
him decidedly reticent, but, on the con
trary, I observed that in familiar inter
course he was somewhat loquacious, fond
of a good story, and often giving vent to a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
prim humor that was decidedly en joya ble.
Illustrative of this phase of his character,
some members of his staff repeated to me
several amusing anecdotes, two of which —
as I have never ser-n them in print — it may
not be amiss to give to the public.
I was told that when the general's head
quarters were at Culpepper an officer at
tached to the quartermaster's department,
who was stationed some half-dozen miles
away, desired to consult him on some busi
ness that he deemed of importance. The
day was exceedingly rainy and the roads
Were knee deep in mud, and to avoid un
due exposure to the weather the officer—
who was one of the old regime, with a full
appreciation of the dignity of his rank —
ordered up a close carriage and, as it was
likely that night would come on before he
could return, had the lamps trimmed and
hung out on either side of the driver's seat.
Then, with an escort of twelve cavalrymen,
he set out for headquarters, happy in the
thousht that he was proof against the
fast-descending rain.
Not far from Culpepper he met an ordi
nary-looking horseman, attended by only
a single orderly, and was aooutto pass him
without notice, when he suddenly-recog
nized him to be the lieutenant-generaj,
who, in spite of the rain, was making his
usual round of the army, attended by his
usual slender escort. To descend from his
carriage and salute his chief was but the
work of a moment; but the general, irri
tated by the style and pretension of the
officer, was in no hurry to see him regain
the shelter of his carriage. "Walk along
with me a little," said the general. "I
wanttotalk with you." With polished
boots and unexceptionable kids Mr. Quar
termaster did as he was bidden, and with
a touch of grimness the general led hini
through the muddiest part of the road and
did not release him until he was wet tot ho
skin— a 1 ; wet as was the general himself.
Then he dismissed him with a few curt
remarks, which were not overheard by the
orderly. Their purport, however, was con -
jectured by the general's staff, for they ob
served that the ofiicor never again ap
peared at headquarters in a close carriage.
— Edmund Kirke.
COUNTRY CLUB ACCOUNTS.
The Secretary Presents His An
nual Report to the
Members.
Receipts and Disbursements and the
Number of Game Killed and
Fish Taken.
F. W. TalJant, the secretary-treasurer of
the Country Club, has submitted his an
nual financial report to the club, showing
its receipts and disbursements, which are
as follows : t -VK .
BKCEIPTS. •
Cash on hand ■ $522 30
Outstanding accounts .•'.•':'■ 460 90
Admission fees ■. 5300 00
Dne« and assessments -9425 00
Board and loaging .•......' 24 27 60
Wines, liquors and cigars.... 1729 60
s:ablingaiid horse hire 1676 35
Kennels, board of dogs, etc... 778 65
Bluerock shooting..... 7« 95
Rent o locker* -. 150 00
Extras 76 70
Kon - resident guests, with
shooting privileges.. 40 00
Sale of horse 1500
T ■ ' $16,695 75
Less outstanding accounts
.February 1,1896.... ........ 903 60
; 15.792 15
. • _ ' $16,788 35
:*V • ' DISBITBSEMKNTS.
Wage 5........ $4288 60
Groceries provisions ..; 1810 81
Building account 4t}9 74
l'riniing. postage, ttationery, etc. ..*..' . . 13102
General improvements, seeds,' etc ' 95 61
Wines, liquors and cigar 5............ , 787 50
Stable, hay, grain, etc..-...: 1000 (54
K*nnels. dog food, etc ; . 347 70
Bluerook shooting , 5125
Insurance and taxes • •.•■ «i «'«;
Extras ;... ;;;;;;;; 6925
General cxpeirscs, disbursenieDts'at '
cluhhonse. etc  . 708 sfi
Express freight, hauling, etc. .... ."" 6 v 7 72
Household account, furniture, oil, etc.. 409 78
.I'urcliaseofland '. .......; . 3000 00
Legal ex penses 100 00
Ktockinif preserve, purchase of spawn,
expenses at hatchery, etc... .. . 91316
Cutting wood, etc. ;../ "■ 156 00
Itent-I'..T. Shaffer ....!. ..V;'.". • 25000
Payment ma<le on loan , * * 1000
interest... ...:......... '..V.'.: 133 08
• Total disbursements ..........$16,516 62
■ Balance cash on hand February 1, . ■
1896....... >-# 261 83
• ' $16,778 35
The game killed on the preserve was as
follows: -
Deer....... 22
s^::::::::::::::::r.-; S'p*%l
Ducks ■:.•.•.•.;•:.;•.•.".".•.• j^
Total. ....i3934
FISH TAKEN.
T/0ut.... .....; ........; .2007
Basa .; ....'. 21
• ( T0ta1.... „ ......2028
THE POTTER INQUEST.
No New Developments Resulted From
the Coronrr's Inquiry Yes
terday.
The Coroner began the inquiry into the
cause of the death of H. Cranston Potter,
the Tacoma wheat merchant, whose body
was found on the ocean fceach last Hun
day, at the Morgue yesterday. Robert
Williams of 717 Hayes street told of the
finding of the body. Thomas Watson,
grain broker, testified to having seen Pot
ter for the last timfl at noon the Friday
preceding his deatfc. The deceased was
then in a cheerful frame of mind. The
witness learned that Potter left for the
Cliff House.
8. Christiansen, barkeeper at the Cliff
House, testified to serving Dr. Hicks and
Potter with drinks. He had heard them
discussing which car they would take, and
that was the last he saw of the men. The
inquiry was continued until Wednesday,
when it is expected that Dr. Hicks of
Tacoma will be present and testify.
Lord Rosebery is reported to have said
that it took him fifteen hours a day to get
through his work as Foreign Secretary.
FAUST-A MEMORY.
Mephisto {to Stage Manager)— [Before the overture.]
" To-night, there'll be a play within a play.
Now, mark my words. 'How's that?' you say,
Because until upon the stage they meet - • '
The tenor will not see his Marguerite.
Those two were lovers once, they even wed.
Then suddenly they wrenched apart instead.
Since then they have not met. To-night they meet.
Rehearsal none He, Faust; she^Marguerite." V
Stage Manager—
" Soh, soh! she comes in late. She shallnot hear '■,-■'■■■■
Of changed tenors.'. Gad! but fate is queer."
[The opera has begun.]
Marguerite — . .
11 Thanks, Pietra! In time you see we've dressed.
Think you to-night I'll look and sing my best?- . •
There! There! The call. How well I love this part. ■
My God! Whose voice is that? My heart my heart!
Stay! Wait! 1 cannot yet. See, see! I'm sick!"
Manager —
" Madame, you must .' 'Tis but a moment. Quick."
She's on the stage. A subtle tragic start
The audience not<?s. All closer watch the part.
" Look, look! he trembles. Th' acting, it is fine!
How still is she, yet beauteous, every line!" •
"See! She, as if against her very will. 7
Looks to his eager eye Mesmeric thrill.
His voice vibrating, passionate and sweet,
Entreating, pleading, Faust to Marguerite.
jK h r~i -N^ii .■} hi jV-:" *;■]'■.'„„ . • -
No Signor, not a lady am 'l' nor yet a beauty, Not a lady nor beauty
V l J ' '* ' '-' l( ' — ■
And do r.ot need an arm to help me on my way:
She's gone. He must sing on— a few bars more,
. ■ He scarcely keeps the stage till it is o'er
" I love thee, love thee, 10-ovc thee!'' Then
The audience wont simply wild again,
Whilst he — they hush him as'he rushes on,
" Where is she? Stella mia— she is gone."
" Come, come, be calm; you're nearly due,"
Mephisto sings. "Now on — it is your cue."
" She would not hear me." Rushing from the stage. ,'
As one in mad despair or frenzied rage,
He'cried, "I cannot play to-night; my brain's on fire!"
" How so?" Mephisto hastens to inquire.
"If but I knew. Will she forgive — forgive?
I love her, as I do repent and live." v /
" Then take thy chance of cliances, man;
Sing that to her, as but in 'Faust' you can."
'Twas Faust and Marguerite, sad, sad and sweet;
Mayhap the audience sensed a rarer treat. .
The housa was silent, breathless, as the two
Worked through the theme, the nearer as it grew.
Was ever music thus intensely -
That passionate appeal from soul outwrung!
'■;. "''■ '?;- The mimic play plays on. She sings alone. '". .
His soul is in his eyes— "Can I atone?"
He loses no inflection of her song;
. No gesture 'scapes him. "Love how long ?"
Oh, surely, raind to mind, it can convey
All that repressed contrition. It could say:
" O love, forgive; I plead, 1 pray— forgive. r " \
Is life with iove denied me? Let me live
To prove to thee man can with love atone.
Sing— look at me, oh, wife— own, mine own."
. The act is drawing to the close;
'Tis just a few more words of mimic throes.
■ . . She turns— her arms and Ifps are quivering some;
She looks, then Minpa her arms toward him—
"Conic."
v
At morn , at morn, Ah ipeed thou mcht a*ay Hi will return , Corn*
Mary uer ltd
- 'ZZL ~~ . '__
./Come. Gome..- . .
/j//ff . tiff IMS
d^fcegSpXX [ }7^-A j — iH. -i — i i =>
Marguet'ita There; Ha' hai ha' tia 1 ha!_
" The curtain's down. Well, 'twas a treat.
Well played— this Faust and Marguerite !".' -• ." •
Peter Stcdley.
A FAMOUS KENTUCKY DUEL.
Its Memory Revived by the Recent
Death of Colonel William Duke.
The sudden death of Colonel William
Duke, at his nome in Danville, Ky., brings
to mind the tragic details of his historic
duel with the noted Confederate General,
Roger Hanson, of the famous "Orphan
Brigade," over the beautiful Caroline
Hickman, Hanson's cousin, and afterward
Duke's wife.
The duel took place in 184S, shortly after
Duke had returned from the Mexican war,
having enlisted with Humphrey Marshall
when 18 years of age. Hanson, then a
brilliant, dashing young fellow, was in
love with his cousin, Miss Hickman, and
when he heard that she was the promised
wife of DuKe he had an interview with her
in which he used language which was in
sulting to Duke.
Duke heard or llie denunciation, and j
feeling his honor assailed promptly chal
lenged Hanson. Duke was within a few
weeks of 21 years of age and Hanson was
two years older. The Dearer of the chal
lenge was James Jackson, whose wife was
Duke's cousin. Hanson not only accepted
the challenge, but at the same time re
peated his denunciation of Duke. Lafay
fayette Dunlap, then representing Garrard
County in the Legislature, was chosen by
Hanson as his second.
The seconds chose sunrise, January 17,
as the time, a narrow strip of land on the
Indiana shore opposite the mouth of the
Kentucky River as the place, and dueling
pistols at ten paces as the weapons. Han
son and Dunlap speedily repaired to Frank
fort, whore Hanson, already an expert, oc
cupied himself in daily pistol practice.
Duke went to his father's home, in Scott
County, and there, in the presence of his
kinsmen, he fired 100 sliots to the satisfac
tion of all. He had never used a dueling
pistol, but his quickly acquired skill gave
him confidence.
The Duke and Hanson parties left Frank-
fort on the same steamer the day before
the duel. Mutual friends, fearing that
Duke was recklessly endangering his life,
endeavored to conciliate him, but their
overtures were spurned. The boat
steamed away, leaving a large congrega
tion of legislators, State oilicials and cit
izens on shore. Where the encounter was
to take place only the principals, seconds
and surgeons knew. Reaching the town
of Carrollton, at the mouth of the Ken
tucky, the two parties went ashore to
await the coming of the following day.
Early Thursday morning Duke arose,
wrote a brief note to Caroline Hickman,
and in a short time word came that the
Hanson party was ready for the journey.
Just at daylight they rowed across the
Ohio, and at sunrise were ready for the
word. The ground was stepped off and
the pistols handed to the principals. Two
prominent gentlemen in* the party, in a
spirit of mutual friendship, approached
Hanson and asked him to apologize. He
refused, and Dunlap cave the word to pre
pare and fire.
The pistols cracked simultaneously,
Hanson firine too low, Duke too high.
There was an interval of ten minutes.
Jackson won the second toss. At the sec
ond tiring Hanson's ball went near Duke's
head and perceptibly startled him, but
Duke's went wide of the mark. There was
another interval of live minutes, and at
the next shot blood was shed. Hanson's
clothing was pierced under the left arm
and Duke's right hand was spurting blood.
This time tile principals did not change
their positions while the pistols were be
ing reloaded. Dunlap asked :
"Gentlemen, are you satisfied?"
"No," came promptly from both.
Richard Hanson,, a brother of Roger,
here left the field, and stood near the river
bank until the duel was declared at an
end. The fourth round Dunlap won the
word and gave it more rapidly than be
fore. Both tired at once. Duke stood un
moved and untouched. Hanson was seen
to throw his pistol into the air, leap for
ward and fall headlong to the earth. The
lar»e ball had crashed through the right
thigh bone, making a horrible wound, and
breaking also the left thigh.
The tumult of a moment before subsided,
and, horrified at the spectacle, friends and
foes stood dazed in significant silence.
Duke and his friends recrossed the river,
leaving Hanson horribly mangled and in
great agony, in care of the surgeon.
Hanson was taken to Major Butler's house
and there remained in care of Dr. Blanton
until moved to Lexinirtorr. He was a
member of the Kentucky Legislature at
the time. Duke, accompanied by a few
friends, went to Louisville, and then to his
home. Eleven days later he married the
singularly beautiful Caroline Hickman,
who became the mother of five handsome
daughters and two sons.
The pistols used by Hanson in this his
toric duel belonged to Andrew Jackson,
and were used by him in several encoun
ters. Duke's were Henry Clay's, and were
presented to him by a French nobleman.
It was the same pistol with which Clay had
fought John Randolph of Roanoke. Hum
phrey Marshall and James Jackson had.
also used the weapons. The pistols were
similar, very long, single-barreled and car
ried very large balls.
Hanson recovered, but was lamed for
life, the right leg being somewhat shorter
than its fellow and slightly deformed.
Lexington o'eing the horrve of "Hanson and
Duke living near, they were frequently in
company, but their former friendly rela
tions were not then restored. Duke was
engaged in farming in Scott County, and
Hanson entered actively into the practice
of law and soon reached distinction, be
coming Commonwealth's Attorney.
When the Civil War began Hanson and
DuKe espoused the Southern cause, Duke
going with Morgan and Hanson on the
staff of John C. Bredcinridge. At Knox
vill.e Hanson was created a brigadier-gen
eral, and gave promise of a record on the
field as brilliant as he had made in the
forum. When he was promoted a sub
scription was started io present him with a
horse, and Duke contributed to the fund.
Hanson gracefully recognized this magna
nimity, and cordial relations were once
more resumed. Hanson fell in the famous
disastrous charge, led by Breckrnridge, at
Stone River.
For many years after the war Duke
lived upon a fine 500-acre blue-grass farm
near Danville, and during the past few
years had resided in this city. When his
first wife died he met and married Miss
Klisi Duerson, a beautiful and gifted
woman of Louisville, and she preceded
him to the grave severul years, leaving no
children. Colonel Duke always spoke
kindly of General Hanson, and never
talked of the duel except with great re
luctance. — St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
— — •■ — -♦- — « —
Ex-Governor Campbell of Ohio is said
to have struck it rich in California gold
mines. He is in partnership with a man
who owns a cattle ranch on the San
Joaquin, who has discovered a great placer
deposit of unusual richness. •
NEW TO-DAY.
jhit drag mm vm.
Lifeless Movements and
You're Always Tired.
Poor Circulation Caused by Tobacco— Heart
Action Seriously Affected and
Blood Nicotine.Tainted.
• • (i Do you feel hurt ?
I \ 1 m I'ainsinthe leijs,
Ua \ I¥■ below the knees ?
Jn«^ \ r ; A Feet cold daytime,
I A jt burning at night ?
I ''• '•■'■' J^H. ' * \& Many other pains
V y "~P y^s^* and symptoms ?. .
■• N^fes-' / —  They, are caused
N^ "V^"^ ' L«r^ ''>■ poor circulßtion
> V, I, n lW because your heart
*v^^ ' action is weakened
r—^-J*^,'' • by nicotine, and
your blood is tobacco-poisoned. Tobacco weak-
ens the heart-action, the blood is hot pumped
fast enough. Your feet get cold, ache and burn
by turns. No wonder you feel like putting
them head-high when you sit down. *
Don't you know that tobacco weakens all the
nerve-centers, and is the cause of many a weak,
tir.ed, lifeless, listless feeling ?
There is a guaranteed cure, No-To-Bac. which
has cured over 300,000 cases, and will cure you
just as it has Senator Ellington and the Hon.
R. H. Pcarce, who , ''.- ; • ;
. USKD TOBACCO 27 YKABS.
 'ii i. Thompson, Ga-, Nov. 23.
Dear Sirs— After using tobacco nearly twenty-
seven years I took two and one half boxes of
your Xo-To-Bac, which freed me of. the pernicious
habl:, and have not tasted tobacco since, neither
have I any desire for it. I had previously tried a.
number of nntidotes, but without; success., some
months ago I procured three boxes ior the Bon. C.
H. Ellington, of this place, late Slate Senator and
now President of the Farmers' State Alliance of
Georßia. He had used tobacco excessively . for
thirty years. He used two boxes of Xo-To-Bac and
immediately discontinued the use of tobacco.
Yours truly, I * •
. " B. H. PEARCE, Clerk of Supreme Court.
It all rests with you. XVhy not try No-To-Bac
under absolute guarantee ot cure by your own
druggist? • If you don't like feeling well, enjoy-
ing new manhood, you can learn tobacco using
over again. Get our booklet, "Don't Tobacco
Spit and Smoke Your Life Away," written guar-
antee and free sample mailed for the asking.
Address the Sterling Remedy Co-., Chicago or
New York. . • . / "
A remedy exclusively "by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure ior primary, j secondary and
tertiary cases ; of blood disease. No case in-
curable.'- New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL C 0
Knotn 1, 63S Market St. , San Francisco.
nil re ITCHING PILES
r\\ to SWATHE'S
ABSOLUTELT CURBS. WIH I IfILH I
: SYMPTOMS— MoInture; Intense " ltchln* and
•tinging; mo*tat night; woriie by *f-mtehTiiff. If
■ •llowea t« continue tumor* form and protrude,
which often bleed and ulcerate, becoming very
■ore. BWATNEB OINTMENT atop* the ttchlnc
■ and bleeding, henl* ulceratlon, and In moat <Ut*e*
: fQßOYC«tbet*mn*i'44kjow£rucgiitferU.
V ... .■•.-..-..: -.:■:. . ...•..».■..:■;.'•
NEW TO-DAY.
fTrl NOLAN BROS.
I %\ SHOE CO.
THIS WEEK
WK
WILL PDT ON SALE
,  OUR STOCK OF
LADIES' AND GENTS'
MEDRM AJD lIK.WV SOLE
SHOES!
PRICES WILL BE NO OBJECT
•' As we muat close them out to make room
tor BJTTB
OURTAN SHOES
"Which are now arriving.
We will also close out oar
LADIES' LIFESAVM SHOES!
At $3.00 Per Pair and $3.50 for
Extra Quality.
Every lady should wear them. The soles are
thick and soft, malting the most, comfortable Shoe
a lady can wear.
We will also close out our
NEW WOMAN
FRENCH KID
LACE SHOES
At $3.00 Per Pair.
Will also close out Laird, Schober «t Co.'s
NEW WOMAN
Finest Quality Enamel Leather
LACE SHOES
At $350 Per Pair. Regular
Price $6.00.
just 3FLE!OE3I-yEX>
Our First Carload of '
TAN SHOES.
ANY ONE WANTING
TAN SHOES
It will pay them to see our styles. They are th«
very Latest Novelties.
WE HAVE
NO BRANCH STORE
ON MARKET STREET.
Don't be misled by misleading signs.
Send us your address and we will
mail you onr Catalogue, which shows
all the very latest styles at .lowest
prices. ':■':':■' ;;-v.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-8U MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
• PHKLAN BUILDIXG.
Long Distance Telephone 5537.' •-
BAZAAR
THAT
TRUSS=FRAME
MEANS '
THE "FOWLER!"
'96 MODELS
NOW IN.
' &JE2JD THE '96
FOWLER TANDEM
JUST RECEIVED.
AGEHTS WASTED IS EVERY CITY. .
AGENTS ALSO
. —FOR THE—
"BEN=HUR,"
The Best Bicycle Made
FOR $85.00,
BICYCLE REPAIRING A SPECIALTY
Full Line of Bicycle Sundries
. at 'Lowest Prices.
1 . ■
1920
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. -
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postago Fre«t.
Tally end Sunday Call, one carrier., fb.ls
X>«lfy and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Pally nr.il Sunday Cali-, stx months, by mall.. 8.00
Dully find Sunday Cam., three months by mail 1.60
I silv and fc-UDday Cam., one month, by mall.. .65
onday Cam., one year, by mail ...:... 1.60
Wkxsxy Call, one'year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
1O Market Street/;;* Jfc* £
8»b Francisco, California.
Telephone,... M*ln-18M
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street,
relerton* Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
830 Montjromeryßireet, corner Clay; opan ontn
B:SO o'clock.
SS9 Hnyrnßtreet; open until 9:30 o'clock. ■
713 I-arkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
»-\V. ccrnrr Sixteenth and Mission-streets; ©p»n
until 9 o'clock. ' ~-*l c Ci
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mnth street ; open nnttl 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFF1CB:
60S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB:
Booms SI and 82, 34 Park Row, New ToTk City.
I'AVITi M. Kol.T/. Special Agent.
M"M>AY -..iPEBRUAItY 16, 1596
THE CALL SPEAKS -FOR ALL.
The almanac-makers may call for winter
in San Francisco, but it doesn't come.
The vote in the House on the silver bill
was not so much a division as a split.
Just think what would happen if Mrs.
Grundy should get hold of the cathode ray.
Huntington talks wellj but vrhen.you
pet on to his curves you find they are
crooked.
If payhie high for Padorewskl proves an
appreciation of genius, then we have it to
the full limit.
Poor old Soint Valentine is no longer in
the hands of his friends the caricaturists
tiave got him. *
The only movement visible in Presiden
tial politics so far is of the kind Known as
"sloshing around." ■"
»
Even if the Norwegians do discover the
north pole the British will claim it and
insist on arbitration.
To achieve any kind of political reform
we must trust the people, but keep a close
watch on the bosses.
■\Ve shall never believe that Nansen has
discovered the pole until we see him reach
a persimmon with it.
Electric energy promises to be as com
mon in California before long as climate,
and very nearly as cheap.
— . — ■ t
Society does not exaggerate when it
claims to have had a royal time last week
and shown itself princely.
Entertaining royal dukes and applaud
ing musical prodigies will soon be just as
common .with us as any old thine.
With such weather as this to entice us
to the park and the ocean, San Francisco
has something of a quiet fiesta every Sun
day.
Turn the- cathode ray boldly on your
household closet, and you will probably
find that the skeleton you have dreaded
isn't there.
Providing the City Hall with an angel
without wings is simply harmonizing it
with the environment. Every home has
one of the same kind.
The New York Yacht Club made a mis
take in awaiting another letter from Dun
raven when it could have got rid of him
with electric dispatch.
If the Government would- provide a
means for reviving hydraulic mining Cali
fornia would soon turn out enough gold to
pay the Cleveland debt.
Those Eastern people who come to Cali
fornia as tourists and decide to stay as set
tlers make a better name for themselves
than they left home with.
There are no candidates for the hand of
Miss Democracy in this campaign, but,
fortunately for her, it is leap year and
she can jump iome feMow.
This is a good day for Folsom-street res
idents to make up their minds to see to it
that the work of improvement there shall
be real work and not a job.
Those who believe the silver movement
is dead will be called upon to believe in an
earthly resurrection when they hear from
the Congressional elections this fall.
There ought to be some provision in our
Government by which tne Senate and the
House could refer their little deadlocks to
arbitration and let business move along.
An investigation into the enrollment for
the primaries in Philadelphia disclosed the
fact that in one of the wards there were !
actually enrolled a dog and a cat as voters.
To keep up with the interior San Fran
cisco will have todevise a means of mak
.ine use of tidal power to generate elec
tricity in competition with the mountain
streams.
Under the rays used in the Roentgen
photography both writing and printers'
ink are perfectly transparent, casting no
shadow, and therefore the art which dis
closes the skeleton within the ilesh can
never be made use of to read any written
or printed matter inside of an envelope.
Private correspondence is still safe.
The fact that Gladstone could return %to
power in Enpland almost at. any time,
while Bismarck is hopelessly set aside in
Germany, shows how much better it is to
serve a people than to serve a king. A
populace may be tickle, but it is rarely tin
grateful, and it never ignores a great man
just to 6how it can net along without him.
Professor Wilcox of Cornell has com
piled a series of statistics showing that in
1870 more than one-fourth of our native
population had removed from the States
where they were born, but in 1890 only !
one-fifth had emigrated. The conclusion
19 fhat as a people we are beginning to set
tle down and make permanent homes in-
Btead of roving around as our fathers did.
• i . » -. .
If out of the recent war flurry we do not
get large appropriations for war purposes
it will not be for any lack of bills' on the
subject. In the Senate alone there have
been introduced measures providing $100,
---000,000 for. military armament. $100,000,000
lor coast defenses, $00.000,000 for naval ex
tension,; $87,000,000 '. for . coast armament
and several other bills for increasing and
equipping the National Guard and' the
naval reserve." '
THE WINGLESS ANGEL.
Above the dome of our City Hall there
is to stand the tigure of an angel without
wings. This is not the first time that men
have chosen such a symbol to represent
what they fondly hoped to have as the
tutelary deity. or animating spirit of their
civic life. Ages ago the old Athenians
raised above the gateway of the Acropolis
a wingless victory. They made her wing
less that Bhe might never fly from Aihcns,
that where they had perched her there
would she stay and victory be with the
Violet City forever.
The age of symbolism is over. We have
passed beyond that stape of intellectual
development when symbols, by exciting
the imagination, could powerfully affect
the conduct or even the faith of men.
Few people in our country, or, indeed, in
our time, see anything in art beyond the
art itself. That class of men of whom it
w&s written, "A primrose on the river's
brim a yellow primrose was to him, and it
was nothing more," is the class to which
most of v? belong. We may not expect,
therefore, that there will bs any wide ac
ceptance in this City of the symbolism of
the wingless angel. In fact, if such sym
bolism should occur to any it would most
likely give rise to a jest, a sarcasm or a
sneer rather than to any thought of beauty
or of grace.
There ib a symbolism in our wingless
angel, however, and although a scoftinn
world may ignore it or mock at it, to all
those who delight in fair things it will
come ajrain and again with a quiet insist
ence. Truly we must regard the symbol
ism of it if we expect at all to regard it
with pride. It is no immortal work, like
the wingless victory of Athens. Such shat
tered fragments of it as remain after a
thousand years will not be gathered up
and treasured as a thing of beauty and a
joy forever. What it symbolizes is what
we must gee in it if it i« to be of any value
to us, or of any significance beyond that
of capping the climax of a long job.
We need not seek far for the symbolic
meaning of our angel of the City Hall.
The coincidence of the erection of this
figure at a time when there is arising
in the City a new spirit of harmony, a new
impulse impelling the people to work to
gether for good things, a new sense of civic
patriotism, a new consciousness of the
great destiny that awaits San Francisco
and a new feeling of the responsibility
which that destiny imposes on the indi
vidual citizen, makes the statue to some
extent the natural emblem of the spirit
that now animates the people. Our wing
less angel, that having no power of flight
is to stay with us forever, is therefore
neither more nor less than a symbol of
civic patriotism, and it rightly has its
place above the stately edifice where the
life of the city has its center and its power.
It is an assured truth that if we can main
tain in the City that spirit which for nearly
a year now has been growing more and
more dominant among the people, we will
be able to achieve many things which at
present seem hardly more than far-off
possibilities. It was once written of Jerusa
lem that her young men dreamed dreams
of splendor and her old men saw visions of
glory. The same might well be written of
our own golaen City by the Golden Gate
to the world's great orient ocean. The
splendors of which the youth of this gene
ration dream, before they are old may be
realized glories. All that is needed to
achieve it is that the spirit of a true patri
otism be kept steadfast in the homes that
are the altars of the City and in the halls
where its laws are ordained. That it
should remain thus steadfast must be the
desire of all good men and it is this de
sire that endows with a lofty symbolism
the wingless angel that guards the City
Hall.
THE LABOE COUNCIL.
Representatives of the various trades
unions of San Francisco have organized a
council, which is to remain in session in
definitely, for the purpose of rousing a re
newed interest in the cause of labor and
to come to a better general understanding
among themselves of the needs and hopes
of all.
It not infrequently is the case that an
earnest and intelligent movement by the
working classes to improve their condi
tion is diverted from its high purpose by
agitators employed either by unscrupulous
politicians or alarmed capitalists to bring
the movement into disrepute. In all the
world there is but one escape from the
multiple perils which wait upon the or
ganized efforts of labor. That is educa
tion. Just as it is impossible for an illiter
ate man to acquire without study and a
trained observation an adequate under
standing of the principles which govern
society, so it is all the easier for educated
men to take advantage of the ignorance of
others.
Fortunately there is little or no danger
from any of these evils in the associations
of American workingmen. Our citizens
of all degrees have not only the mental
training given in the public schools, but
all of them of mature age have received
that broader education which comes from
political freedom and incessant activity in
the practical conduct of parties. In the
labor convention which has just assem
bled in this City there were men as well
fitted to administer municipal affairs as
any that could be found, and in the gen
eral tone of the resolutions submitted for
discussion there is shown a directness of
purpose in attacking existing evils that
gives promise of a genuine sagacity in
dealing with them.
Almost all improvements in social con
ditions have derived their first impulses
from two classes of men; those of leisure
and learning who have had the time and
the ability to study and to understand the
causes of prevailing evils, and those en
gaged in the hard struggle for existence
who have been taught the full force of
these evils by a bitter experience. When
the philosophy of the thinker and the
earnestness of the workingman combine,
reform movements begin, and it then de
pends upon the common-sense and busi
ness sagacity of the great middle class to
taKe them up and direct them safely to the
desired end.
In a land of free Bpeech and among a
people of- vigorous intellectual activity
thore will always be agitators, and not a
few of them will be cranks. AVorkingmen,
however, are no more in danger of being
led away by these than any other class of
citizens. The new organization in this
City, therefore, is only another of those
numerous associations whose various
energies directed to diverse objects
tend to mutually assist in promot
ing the general welfare. There is
certainly a promise that much good will
be accomplished in this instance. Some
of the evila complained of, such as viola
tions of the eight-hour law and the un
sanitary conditions amid which many
workingmen have to work, ought to be
remedied at once. At any rate the work
has beeun well and there is every reason
to believe it will continue so to the end.
AN UNNECESSARY EVIL.
The recent shaking up which the tight
ing forces of the Nation have received has
developed the unpleasant fact that the
engineers of the navy are not on an equal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
footing with the line, and that as a result
our navy has become deplorably weak in
that respect. It is clearly understood that
this discrimination is a heritage of the
days when fighting heroes were made on
the decks of vessels propelled by sail and
when the ingenious mechanic who made
his advent with the appearance of steam
was taken from the ran Us. of civilians and
therefore regarded by the officers On deck
as a person of no consequence.
Tins tradition has seriously impaired
the usefulness of the Naval Academy at
Annapolis. The lad who applies for admis
sion to that institution is furnished with
no incentive to study that wonderful
science which after all places the life of
the ship and of all its men in the hands of
one who must be the coolest and mo3t
patient of all. This .is solely because the
engineer, instead of being a i>ersonage
who wears a sword, strides the deck in fine
plumage and gives thundering orders to
hundreds of mariners, remains unseen and
unknown in the hot bowels of the ship
without adequate authority or rank.
The importance of his services, the edu
cation and native ability required, the
arduous duties which ho has to perform
and the tremendous responsibility which
rests upon him have not been fully recog
nized. In the stress of battle it is he
alone who is depended on to handle the
vast intricate machine with precision, in
telligence and coolness.; directing it in
stantly whithersoever the commander
orders, keeping alive the maze of appli
ances by which the turrets are moved, and
not for a moment removing his tirm linger
from the puJse of the groaning, struggling
monster. It is he alone who must exercise
the sharpest alertness of which the mind
is capable, and be able instantly to devise
means for repairing any damage that may
be received.
The trouble with his position is that
while it lacks nothing of the heroic, no
element of the picturesque pervades it.
He does not have the chance of glory by
falling with a bullet through his body, but
his perils are very great for all that and he
is denied the privilege of lighting in the
open air. Not being sustained by the ex
citement of physical combat, he must
have a high order of character to light
none the less effectively in darkness and
heat and with an invisible foe.
Until the present, order of things is
changed it is useless to expect young men
to covet the unfashionable berth. Ana
polis will have failed of half its purpose if it
is unable to supply engineers to the fighting
ships of the Nation, and the evil is one so
simply remedied that its continued exist
ence will be a constant reproach to the
country. •
ELEMENTS OF GREATNESS.
The story of the private life led by Fade
rewski, the wonderful Pole who is delight
ing our people with his piano-playing, is
so identical in its broader aspects with that
led by all others who have achieved dis
tinction in the world as to have a special
value in furnishing cumulative evidence of
tne elements of greatness. That is to sa}\
this marvelous .wizard of the keyboard
lives solely for his art, and in the pursuit
of that course pschews all the graces, pleas
ures, blandishments and dissipations of
life; all that might raise him above, drag j
him beneath or in any way divert him
from the exceedingly restricted purpose of i
his life; pays the strictest regard to the |
conservation of his vital forces and devotes ]
his days to unceasing labor.
Whatever native talents he may have had
for his art, their development to the pres
ent point of excellence would have been
impossible in the absence of the regime
which he has forced upon himself. But it
is clear that he could not have followed
such a course had it not be.en in him to do
so. This may not be an encouraging re
flection to those who are aware of the pos
session of line talent but who do not fuljy
develop it by work, but that does not im
pair the truth of the ancient maxim that
labor is the better part of genius.
It may happen that a deep aflliction cre
ates a spirit of asceticicm and a lusHfor
work that lift talent to the plane of genius.
This is saia to have been the case with
Paderewski. But that makes no differ
ence with the fact that rigid asceticism and
unceasing work make the round of his
seemin-dy dreary and friendless private
| life and accor.nt largely for his eminence.
| Greatness and personal isolation have
walked liana in hand through all history
where isolation was employed in labor.
I. The wonderful part of the greatness
which isolation and labor produce is that
it has the strength to resist the tempta
tions which press persistently upon the
periphery of life at every point. Take
Paclerewski as an example. Heisayoung
man, cood-looking, strong and healthy.
Tho very nature of his profession makes
him the object of insistent temptations of
the most alluring kind. No man measur
ably less great than he could withstand
them for a moment; but Paderewski has
that wisdom of genius which informs him
that should he yield to ever so small an
extent the splendid structure which he has
built from the groveling earth to the skies
would come down in ruins.
He is yet young and his most trying
years are yet to come ; the genius who can
pass unscathed through the decade follow
ing his fortieth year is a genius indeed,
booth" and Irvine did, but McCuHough
died in a madhouse. It is when the high
and noble enthusiasm of youth begins to
fade that dissipation in middle life, fol
lowed by avarice in old age, begins to make
ready for a harvest of ruin.
A EEMABKABLE MAN.
Thomas Lake Harris, who a few years
ago vras the central figure of a series of
strange occurrences, had so completely
dropped out of sight that he might have
continued to live in obscure luxury in
New York to the end of his days had not
little Mary Harris committed suicide at
Fountain Grove the other day and started
a train of grave suspicions. But her piti
ful death drags forth the shadowy memory
of the odd philosopher of Sonoma County
and carries it far back to the tragic days
when Lady Oliphant denounced him to
the world for hiving stripped her gifted
son Laurence of his fortune.
Harris founded a community in Sonoma
County having the double feature of a
strict communism and a quest for unend
ing life on this earth. He announced the
discovery of a law whereby it was possi
ble for a human being to escape the pangs
and penalties of death. He assured the
writer hereof that he himself had mastered
the law and would never die. That is
something which it must be left with time
to prove. He gathered about him a num
ber of persons of considerable means, and
they all made over their property to him.
Among these was a Japanese prince, who
is now the manager of the property.
The farm under admirable care produced
famous fruits and wines and enjoyed great
prosperity. Harris lived in quiet content,
retreating now and then to the mountains,
thereto perfect himself in the mastery of
the law of everlasting life. He was a man
of superior intelligence, refined tastes and
wonderful power. It is interesting here to
say only that while he would not (because
he claimed he could not) impart the secret
of the law to any except those who had
undergone severe training for its reception i
he intimated that it was akin to the
Pythagorean idea of rhythm as the basis of
life. In other words, the Almiehty, the
source of all life, was the center of rhyth
mic pulsations which permeated all space
and gave life to organizea matter. If liv
ing creatures could bnng themselves into
perfect harmony with this pulsation they
would enjoy in the flesh the immortality
which belongs to the spirit.
It is interestine to reflect that the idea
of the Keeiy motor is based on a principle
allied to this, ti^ougb. shorn of its Har
risian sublimity. It was claimed by Harris
that he was able to communicate instantly
and at will with his adept followers in all
parts of the world. If he is still a believer
in his old doctrine he has given 10 the pub
lic no recent evidence of the fact.
PERSONAL.
B. F. Brooks of Riverside is here.
Y. de Bethune of Bordeaux is at the Palace.
James Hlckey of Silver Peak, Nev., is in the
City.
E. C. Stewart, a business man of Portland, is
in town.
District Attorney F. G. Ostrander of Merced
is at the Lick.
Deputy Clerk J. T. Best of Los Angeles lelt
for home yesterday.
Silas Carle, a contractor of Sacramento, ar
rived here yesterday.
J. B. Chirm, the extensive fruit-grower of
Vacaville, is in town.
J. W. Bennetts, a business man of Coos Bay,
arrived hero yesterday.
W. A. McDonald, a railroad contractor and
lumberman of Seattle, is at the Palace.
N. Wines, the wealthy stage-line owner and
mail contractor of Santa Barbara, is among re
cent arrivals here.
Charles Wilcox of Chicago, who represents a
firm handling more California canned fruit
tlian any other in the country, is at the Occi
dental.
George F. Smith, the wealthy ship-owner of
this City and Santa Barbara, who has been
here for several days on business in connection
with his vessels, left for Sauta Barbara yester
day.
R. C. Williamson of Palermo, who Is largely
interested in a fruit ranch of several hundred
acres in the Feather River bottom, on which
oranges and many other kinds of fruit are
grown, is at the Occidental.
F. S. Delafield of New York, who Is an ex
tensive dealer in dried fruits from this coast, is
in town. He says he looks for higher prices and
says that for the first time in history the Cali
fornia dried fruits have driven out foreign im
portations of fruit in both New York and
Chicago.
Lylo M. Fletcher, general agent here of the
American Refrigerator Transit Company, and
Reid Northrop of St. Louis, president of tho
company, returned from Monterey yesterday. ]
Mr. Northrop is a cousin of George Gould. The I
company of which he is president is intimately |
connected with the Missouri Pacific.
Theodore EL Davies, formerly British Consul
at Ilonolulu, who has been looking after the
education of Princess Kaiulani of Hawaii in
Europe and -who arrived here ft day or two ago,
sailed on the Australia yesterday for Hono
lulu. He has preceded the Princess in order to
prepare for her return, which will be in about j
one mouth. Mr. Davies' two sons accompanied I
him. ,
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15.— Lewis P. Ho
bart was one of the passengers who arrived on
the steamer Fulda from Genoa. Mrs. Sophie
Kucndeling arrived on the steamer Spree lrom
Brumeri. Among other arrivals are: K. S.
Rothschild, Savoy; F. W. Turner, Plaza; E. F.
Caswell, Mrs. Y. Coughlan, P. C. Kellogg,
Everett; Dr. C. H. Catherwood, Gilsey; E.
Rocjat ana wife, Hoffman; C. Wolipett, Impe
rial ; E. Saunders, St. Denis.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Playwright— ls her acting natural?
Manager (enthusiastically)— Natural! Why,
when Bhe appeared as tho dying mother last
night an insurance agent, who has her life in- ;
sured for $10,000 and who was In the audl- j
ence, actually fainted!— Town and Country
Journal.
Downtown— What's happened to Buffers? He
goes around In rags.
Upton— He has stopped renting and gone to
building.— New York Weekly.
Old Lige says that some of the worst habits
are found in the best society, and wonders how
they got there.
"A third term for Cleveland would be a ter
rible blow to at least one American industry."
"How so?"
"There wouldn't be a fish left in the whole
North Atlantic."— Trutn.
Jack— A woman doesn't know how to conceal
her feelings.
Jess— Doesn't, eh? She can kiss the woman
she hates.
Jack— Of course; but she doesn't fool the
woman any. — Puck.
"They say Tilly Tuf thunter is bent upon mar
rying a .nobleman."
"She hasn't another idea In her head. Even
when she takes up a book she can never get
any further than the title page."— Puck.
"The kiss," wrote the dramatic critic, "was a
distinct disappointment. It lacked continuity
of plot, and might much better have been clone
in three than in four acts. It dragged notice
ably toward the end."
He stopped there. He did not wish to appear
j harsh.— Detroit Tribune.
Hargreaves— You know that time I was so
| sick last summer? I just heard that the doctor
gave me up once.
Ferry— l heard that he gave you up twice.
"Twice?"
"Yes. The second time after he had been
trying to collect his bill."— lndianapolis Jour
nal.
Young Husband— Tsn't that baby drinking
■ an awful lot of milk recently, Mary? It seems
j to me wrong to give him so much.
Young Wife— How silly of you to- say that,
John. Don't you know the doctor says the
poor little thing Is cutting its milk teeth?—
Brooklyn Life.
A DOG AND A CAT ASSESSED.
The canvass of the Fifth Ward which Is now
being made by the anti-combine organizations
has developed outrageous padding of the As
sessor's lists, says the Philadelphia Record.
The sensational developments which followed
the canvass of the notorious Twelfth and Fif
| teenth divisions were yesterday equaled by a
I partial canvass of the Sixteenth Division, in
I which Assessor Watson has registered over 4i'o
I alleged voter?, nearly one-half of whom, it is
! claimed, have either moved or were "faked"
j on the list.
In some places squads of voters were regis
| tered from empty houses, and in one place,
) where men had evidently run out, It was
I found that a png dog and a cat had been
I placed on the list under the names of Peter
; and Elwood Parker.
! It was at 62a Middle alley that Peter and
Elwood Parker were distinguished by Assessor
) Watson-. Six alleged voters were registered
: here, including "Peter Parker, laborer," and
| "Elwood Parker, laborer." Mrs. Louise Frisby,
j who lives there, stated that there are only two
] voters in the house. The names were read off,
Peter and Elwood Parker, on the Assessment Roll in Philadelphia.
and when that of Peter Parker was reached she
smilingly said: "Oh, that was a pug dog 1 had.
tlwood Parker ? He was my cat, 1 told the
man who came here about the' dog and the cat,
and he said all right, and put them down."
During the laugh which followed a colored
youth shouted: "That cat and dog can't vote,
lor I helped take 'em out to the cat home."
IF LOVE WERE KING.
What cruel wounds do mortals give
Each other In the day they live;
what bitter thoughts and savage cnrseg
Jlate in each angry heart rehearses;
What hours ln mutual rancor wasted—
.Life done withhalf Its jo j untasted •■ '
~ Divine forgiveness, couldst thou reign
w ithln each hateful hear: and brain-
Celestial love, coulctst thou but mend :
The broken ties 'twlxt friend and friend,
iorgotten all the old past madness. ■ ■
lien's lives would glow in light and gladness.
No longer would repentance com* .•
Jo shed its tears upon the tomb; ■ .
No longer by their stubborn pride
Would men's affections be denied,
•But they would act the manliest part—
Ateei hand to hand and heart to heart. '-
i"it an k Poxnam in Chicago Tlme»-Her»WL
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Daniel Gordon of Knox, Me., has been teach
ing school lor sixty-scvon years and is still in
barness working hard.
Ameer Abdur Rahman has determined to In
troduce an electric lighting system at Cabul,
and electric motors in his factories.
SJohn Alden, the ninth of that name, is living
in John Alden's house at Duxbury, Mass.,
which was built in 1650, and in which the
original John Alden lived during the latter
part of his life.
George W. Putnam, who died the other day
at his home in East Saugus, Mass., at the age
of 83 y«ars, was prominent in the anti-slavery
movement and acted as private secretary for
Charles Dickens when the novelist visited this
coun»ry.
Grand Duke Paul of Prussia is so tall that no
hotel bed is long enough for his comfort, and
he has one built in sections, which he carries
with his luggage everywhere and which is put
up by a special mechanic, under the suuerin
tendency of the royal valet, wherever the
Grand Duke goes.
M. Lemaitre, the new French Academician,
is the son of a peasant schoolmaster. He is a
man of robust figure and medium height, and,
though, he is hardly 40, he is growing gray.
Ho has a beard, a mustache, lieht blue eyes, a
shapely mouth and a musical voice. The voice
is a result of his training as a choirboy.
Lieutenant Egvind Astrup, whose dead body
was recently found in the Llllehvdale Valley,
Norway, was the sixth of Lieutenant Peary's
party who has died since returning from the
expedition. He was the son of a Swedish army
officer, and on his return from the first Peary
expedition was knighted by King Oscar 11.
The oldest man in Kansas is George W.
Walsne of St. Paul, Neosho County. He was
bprn in Scotia, near Sehenectady, X. V., in
1791. He is in good health and his memory is
unclouded. He voted for Madison for Presi
dent. He was engaged in active work as a
master mechanic in railroad construction as
late as nine years ago.
P. M. Arthur, chief of the Brotherhood of
Engineers, who has recently been traveling
through Europe, says that the condition of
railway employes, especially engineers, in Eng
land is not to bo compared with that of the
same grades of employes in this country. The
wages are considerably less and they have few
conveniences to facilitate their work.
Tracy Tnrnerelli, who died on Saturday in
London, was badly snubbed by Disraeli just
after the treaty of Berlin was signed. Turner
elli hurried arcund and collected a fund for a
gold wreath to be presented t» Beaconsfield.
After the collection had been made, the latter,
who had not been consulted, peremptorily de
clined to receive the wreath or acknowledge
the promoter of the enterprise.
George W. Feeney, one of the oldest engi
neers in the service of the Philadelphia, Wil
mington and IJaUlmore Railroad, who has
just died, was the engineer of the locomotive
that drew Abraham Lincoln to Washington for
his inauguration in March, IS6I. When Presi
dent Garfield was shot in the railroad station
at Washington, Feeney was assigned to run
from Philadelphia the train thpt bore Mrs.*
Garfield from Elberon, N. J., to Washington.
MISSES' ROUND WAtST.
The waist shown here is made with a fitted
lining over which the goods is laid in one
piece for the back, and in the front is likewise
seamless with gathers at neck and belt. The
sailor collar is adjustable, so that other trim
mings or accessories may be worn.
A dress of white mohair designed for evening?
wear had a sailor collar of primrose yellow
velvet, with apnlique of guipure lace. The
belt and collar were of Dsesden ribbon in
white with yellow lines, rose-colored flowers
and black edges. These latter being made
adjustable, the gown could be changed en
tirely by a fichu of blue chiffon, with velvet
belt and conar of the sume shade of blue. A
narrow pieating of chiffon trimmed the edge of
the fichu.
A dress of cheviot showing many bright col
ors had a collar of drab green velvet, with sev
eral rows of black soutache braid for trimming
A brown serge dress was brightened by a col
lar of velveteen in black and green and 'brown
checks.
A blue alpaca had a collar of black and whitft
checked velveteen trimmed with gold braid
A gilt belt was worn with this.
A waist of Dresden silk in brown was made
with a collar of the silk. Pale green velvet
formed a belt and stock collar.
A batiste dress of the new plaids, showing
blue and yellow threads, had a collar blue de
soie the soft silk with a satin finish. A belt
and stock collar completed this dainty gown.
WHEN PADEREWSKI PLAYED.
Now the Instrument philosophized
In manner most profound;
Next a traaedv I witnessed.
All the actors ijrlm arrayed;
Oh, I heard the sound of color.
And I saw the hues of sound,
And the wind up wag a carnival
When Paderewsk! played.
Klcbard Gird, the Noted Grower of Sugar Beets and Owner of the Celebrated
Chino Kancho.
[Sketched from life by a "CaW artist.]
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
McKinstry— W. J. 8., Santa Cruz, Cal. E. W.
McKinstry of this City resides at 2237 O'Far
rell street.
A Song—M. X., Alameda, Cal. "When the
Hawthorne Buds Are Springing," a soDg, was
not published in The Cahl.
A Royal Flush—J. G., Trinity Center, Trinity j
County, Cal. A royal flush is ace, king, queen, \
jack and ten of the same suit.
Square Acres—J. M., City. This department
does not 'answer questions in arithmetic nor
problems in geometry or algebra.
Missions in China—M. E. 8., City. The Ro
man Catholics entered China and established j
a mission ttiere in the fourteenth century.
Watchman—S., City. Applications for the
position of watchman at the navy-yard may j
be sent to the commandant at Mare Island.
The Shakers—A. 8., Sncramento, Cal. The
answer to the question about Shakers in Cali
fornia was answered in the issue of The Call
of Thursday, February 12.
Two Cents—F. S., City. As your letter of in
quiry does not tell where the 2-cent piece
alluded to was coined in 1802 it is impossible
to answer anything about it.
Governor of Ohio—J. Me, City. William I
McKinley Jr. was twice Governor of Ohio. !
His first term of two years expired January,
1894, and his second January last.
Kalloch's Oath—lf Isaac S. Kalloch took the
oath of office as Mayor of this City, that fact
does not appear of record in the office of the
County Cierk, where it should be on file.
The City Hall—A. S., City. The shape of
the City Hall is nearly that of a triangle with
the Hall of Records for its eastern end. The
ground floor covers a little more than three
and three-quarter acres of ground.
Glycerole—Reader of The Call, Fort Bragg,
Mendociuo County, Cal. Glycerole of acetate
of lead is a mixture of sugar of lead in the
proportion of twenty-five erains wi.th one
ounce of glycerine, dissolved by heat.
Disease—F. S., City. As this department !
does not undertake to give medical advice tor
the cure of disease it cannot furnish an answer
to the question asked about hardening of the
liver. Consult a first-class physician.
Customs Examinations—J. W., City. The
civil-service examination for positions in the
customs service will beheld in the Lowell High
School in this City on the 7th of April next i
Applications will not be received after the 18tli
of March.
Laura Burt— A. 8., Redwood City, Cal.
Laura, not Madge Burt. who played with the
"Old Kentucky" troupe, was not born in Cali-.
fornia, and was not a pupil in any of the
schools in this State, so Answers to Correspond
ents is informed.
To Alaska-F. A. J., City. If you want to go j
to the Yukon mines in company with a num
ber of strangers you must take your chances 1
with the eompanv you go with.'This depart
ment cannot say anything as to the solvency
of any banks in Alaska or anywhere else. '•
Elocution.—Reader, St. Helena, Cal. As this
department is not a school of elocution it cau
not enter into an explanation of how certain
lines from the "Merchant of Venice" should
be intoned. That is a matter that should be
decided orally by a competent reader or elo
cutionist.
Brickmasons— H.E., City. If a man wishes
to apply for a job as a brickmason at Mare
Island he must file his application with tne
clerk of the Board of Labor Employment and
then wait until he receives notice' that he is
wanted. There is no civil service examina
tion in that branch.
Customs Service— W. 11. S., Gold Run, Tlacer
County, Cal. There are four custom-house
districts tn the Stale of California— San Fran
cisco, Humboldt, Los Angeles and San Diego
There are no clerk 9 to inspectors in^he service"
The pay is $3 per .diem for guarding officers'
time eight hours per day. Discharging: officers
are paid $4 per day and their time is from sun
rise to sunset.
Mustache— A. C, Kelseyville, Lake County,
Cal. It is asserted by dealers in hair restora
tives that they have preparations that will
force the growth of a mustache, but nature hns
more to do with that than ail tho forcing oint
■ ments. If nature intends that a man shall
have a mustache a foot long it win grow to
that length, but if it will supply him only with
the semblance of one it is doubtful if anything
will increase its giowth. &
,
Two Sisters— Miss W., Cfty. If the Misses
Jones are sisters and they desire to inscribe
their names on one visiting card the elder
should have it appear as Miss Jones and the
younger should add the given name, as "Miss
Mary Jones.' The same rule, applies to Indi
vidual cards, the eldest unmarried daughter of
a f«mily should have her cards read "Miss
Jones," not "Miss E'.egantine Jones " *The
younger sisters, if unmarried, should have
their Christian names on their cards.
Bootelacks-A. C, Kelseyville, Lake County.
The San Francisco professional bootblacks use
different kinds of blacking, each claiming that
he uses the best; many use an American brand
and some use an English manufactured article
The various kinds of blacking produce the
same luster; the secret Is not in the material
it is in the manner in which it is nppli e d as U
shown where two men work on one pair of
boots, one will put on an twtra gloss and the
other will not be so successful and the one who
has done the MtKWAIk is forced to go over
the other's work. 6 *""
Selkirk-R. P. M., Jasper County, lowa
Alexander Selkirk, whose true name was Sel
craig, was born at Largo, a Scotch fishine vil"
lage in Fifeshire. in 167(5, and died on thf sh in
Weymouth in 1723. He was a Bailor and £
supposed to have been De Foe's ori»inal of
Robinson Crusoe. He was engaged in a bu«S
neenng exploit in the South Seas, and in ™
he was sailing master of a Cinque Port In
1,04 .ne was put ashore on Juan Feruand-z
I If you want a sure relief for -»ains ia the back, side, chest?oT^A
limbs, use an B
Allcock's £Z
. Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and iniita- x
tions is as good as the genuine. ■
Island, at his own request, and he remained
there for four years. His life was published in
1829, ninety-four years after his death.
Under Age— B. A., Oakland, Cal. A youth
who has not attained his legal majority cannot
legally obtain a license to allow him to marry
unless he obtains the consent of his parents or,
in the absence of them, of one who stands in
the stead of such. A stepfather or an aunt
would certainly have the right to step in in
such a case and prevent the County Recorder
from issuing tho license by representing the
fact that the applicant was'not of age.
Two Heights— F. J., City. New York City at
the Battery is five feet above sea level, at the
City Hall thirty-six feet, at Central Park plaza,
Fiity-ninih and Fifth avenue 47:5 feet, at
Mount Morris 100 feet, at Central Park circle
70:5 feet, at Boulevard and One Hundred and
Eighteenth street 135 feet, and at Washington
Bridge road and One Hundred and Eighty
fourth street 250 feet. If, by "The Bluffs"
you probably mean the Palisades, these rise
480 feet above the sea level.
The Emmanuel Church— J. 51. N., Harring
ton, Wash. The Emmanuel Church, in which,
Blanche Lamont and Minnie Williams were
murdered, and the Metropolitan Temple, in
front of which Isaac S. Kal loch was shot by
Charles de Young, are not the same. The
church ison Bartlett street, near Twenty-first,
Mission district, and the temple is at the north
east corner of Fifth and Jessie streets. The
mistake has no doubt arisen f rojn the fact that
at one time the son of the late Mayor was pas
tor of the Emmanuel Church.
A Bill— E. X., Baden, Cal. If a milkman
agrees to furnish milk by the month and com
mences the delivery on the evening of the Bth
of the mon.th. the month wotlld close with the
delivery on the evening of the 7th of the suc
ceeding month, and -with that delivery net
would be entitled, to present his bill, but he
; would not be entitled to present his bill on the
morning of that day for the reason that iiis
contract ■would not be complete until the de
livery on the evening of that day. Communi
cations intended for this department should be
addressed to "Answers to Correspondents,*.
Call Oflicc, San Francisco, Cal.
Tension— "Captain's Widow," Santa Cruz,
Cal. If you desire to obtain a pension as the
widow of a captain in the army, but have lost
your husband's papers by fire, you can obtain
a duplicate of them, from the War Department
at Washington and on those file your applica
tion, but before doing so you had better com
municate with the pension office in this City
for advice as to \vliat steps to take in the mat
ter. . In addressing such a communication give
all Information at your command as to the
I time of your late husband's enlistment, ser
vice, discharge when and where, the manner
of loss of papers and anything that will assist
in tracing up the record.
Argentine Repvblic— J. E. R., Visalia, Cal.
The representatives of the United States in the
diplomatic service in the Argentine Republio
are: Edward L. Baker at Buenos Ayres; J. M.
Thome at Cordoba and Willis E. Baker at
Kosario. William I. Buchanan of lowa,
located at Buenos Ayres, is the Envoy Extraor
dinary and Minister Plenipotentiary from the
United States to the Argentine Republic. Dr.
Don E. 8. Zanallos, with headquarters in
Washington, D.C., is the Envoy Extraordinary
aud Minister Plenipotentiary from the Argen
tine Republic to the United States, but in his
absence Ser»or Don Viu«ente J. Demiuguez is
charge d'affaires. Walter T. Jones is United
States Consul-General at Bahia Blanca (Argen
tina) in the Argentine Republic.
A Perfect Woman— X. X., City. According
to a report made by Philip Martiny, a promt,
nent sculptor, the measurements of a perfect
woman are: Height 5 feet 6 inches, front
measurement of neck 4 inches, across the
shoulders 16% inches, across the bust 13
I inches, across the waist 10 inches, across the
! hips 14 inches, just above the knee4'i inches
across, at the calf 4Jj inches, ankle 2% inches
across. Side ana back measurements: Neck
A l .-, inches on the side, shoulders 5 inches,
waist 7}£ inches, hips 9" 3 ' inches, above the
knee 5 inches, at the knee 4'^ inches, at the
calf 4?i Inches, at the ankle 3 inches, thebaelc
across the shoulders 18 inches, at the waist
line 10 inches. For the Denefit of those who
do not desire to. measure according to
sculptor's art he gives the following as the
measurements: Height 5 feet 6 inches, cir
cumference of neck 13VJ inches, oi bust 31
inches, of waist 24'<£, of hips 343^, greatest
circumference of upper leg 2'2\, knee 13^ calf
1 4 * i. upper part of arm 11, of elbow 10, wrist
t>-%, length of arm from shoulder to finger tips
; 40 inches. Frona E. Waite, who recently had
. much to do with the measurements of women,
: gives the following figures as to a perfect
j woman: Height 5 feet t> inches, weight 145
j pounds, bust ot> inches, waist 24 to 25 inches,
hips 46, wrist 6, ankle 8, calf 14; she should
wear a 4)» shoe and a 0 glove.
E. H. Black, paint«r, 120 Eddy stre«t • ■
— — — • — « — •
Caufornia Glace Fruits, 50c lb.,Townscnd's.
Jerter— l see that baggagemaster they sent to
the penitentiary last week has been up to hit
old tricks again.
Questioner— is that?
Jester— Why, he "broke" jail yesterday.—.
Richmond Dispatch.
.-. ■ '•;.* — — — — •—"•
Cfxcial Infoimation dally to manufacture: i
bnsiness houses and pnblio men by th« Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
.■■.:'- ♦ — » ■ ' — — '• ■
— And are you sure, Algernon, that you
never lpved any girl but me?
He (unblushingly)— l never even thought of
1 love until I saw you, my darling. ' •
And just then the steam radiator clanked.—
Somerville Journal . •
Rhhtmatism is overcome by Hood's Saraapa
rllla. because the lattermakes pure.ricb. red blood,
neutralizing the lactic acid, which causes the com
plaint. Hundreds tell of remarkable cures.
. • — — •
Db. Siegert'B Angostura Bitters possess an ex
qtrisito flavor and are a sure preventive for all
diseases ol the digestive organs.
■ . . — » * • — ' -.
It afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp.
son's Eye Water. liruggtst9 sell It at 25 cents.Books
and Bookmakers
MEMOIRS OF AN ARTIST.
CHARLES FRANCOIS GOUNOD'S
posthumous memoirs have been
published under the above title
by Rand, McNally & Co.
In this work the autobiography
of the great master has been brought down
to the time of the first production of his
opera, "Faust," supplemented and rounded
oft "by some charming and characteristic
letters from the master to his friends.
People have been accustomed to think
of Gojnod solely as a musician, but on
reading his memoirs one learns that this
is far too narrow a characterization. In
the first, place, the work indicates that as a
literary genius Gounod ranks at least be
6ide that other great musical writer, Ber
lioz; his incisive and luminous comments
on the literary work of many of his prede
cessors and contemporaries show him
CHARLES FRANCOIS GOUNOD.
to bare been in possession no less of the i
critical than the constructive faculty.
In one delightful discussion on matters
literary he terms words "docile and faith
ful servants of thought," and states their
duty to be to 'lead one to the summit
without rude shock— mysterious guides,
who conceal both themselves and their
methods." \Vords served him thus. His
dominating penius attuned thought to
phrase as sweetly as it wove. melody and
harmony into musical expression.
In Gounod's young manhood, the auto
biography discloses, hi« skill as a painter
was even more hiehly thought of than his
musical ability. In fact. Monsieur Ingres,
an authority on both arts and a directorof
the French Academy, besought Gounod to
discard the study of music and transfer
his energies to the development of color
and form. In the memoirs is a brilliant
dissertation on the art of Michael Angelo.
Raphael and others of a value to the world
far greater than a vait majority of accom
plished art works.
His comments on the compositions of
Mozart and Mendelssohn are of intense
interest, and his meeting and subsequent
friendship with the latter musician are
touched upon -with engaging freedom and
delicacy. One of the chief charms of the
autobiography lies, however, in the
glimpses Gounod gives one now and again
of his own sweet and noble soul.
The pictures of Rome, Florence, Naples
and Venice are word paintings of genius,
and tne whole work will rank as a classic.
Let us reproauce a few sentences from his
chanter with reference to that city "which
holds a great and glorious place in the his
tory of the arts, and to whose natural fea
tures her geographical situation has given
a character unique and exceptional in the
world.".
"Venice, joyous and sad, light and som
ber, rosy and livid, coquettish and sinis
ler, a constant contrast, a strange com
bination of the most opposite impressions,
a peari in a cesspool.
"Venice is an" encnantress; she is the
home of painters of radiance; she has in
vested art with sunlight. Contrary to
Rome, which waits for you, solicits you
slowly and conquers you invincibly stnd
forever, Venice seizes *y° u by the senses
and fascinates you instantly. Rome
is serene and pacifying, Venice is exhilar
ating and disquieting; Dut the exhilaration
that she induces is mixed (at least it was
for me) with au indefinite melancholy— a
feeling of captivity. * * * Those still
standing waters, washing in gloomy silence
the foundations of tne old palaces: that
dark, shadowy surface, from the depths
under which one thinks he hears the
uroans of some illustrious victim, make of
Venice a kind of capital of terror, she has
retained the impression of the Sinister.
And yet, under fine sunlighr, what magic
in the grand canal ! What reflections from
those lagoons when the wave transforms
itself into light! What power of brilliancy
in those old remains of ancient splendor,
which seem to contend among themselves
for the favors of the sky and to ask its aid
against tne abyss into which they are fall
ing day by day, tinally to disappear for
ever.
"Rome invites to meditation, Venice to
dissipation. Rome is the grand Latin an
cestor who. through the channel Of con
quest, will spread over the world tne
catholicity of language — prelude and
means to a catholicity vaster and of deeper
meaning. Venice is an oriental, not of
the Greek, but of the Byzantine type;
more suggestive of satraps than of pon
tiffs, and of Asiatic luxury than of the
solemnities of Athens or Rome. • • •
"Venice is a passion, not a lore. I was
fctduced upon entering, but when I .kit it ,
| was not with that sense- of tearing myself
I away as when bidding farewell to Rome,
] the strength of .which feeling shows the
force of the ties that bind.
"Naples is a smile, a reflection from
j Greece; her horizon drowned in purple
ana azure, her blue sky reflecting itself In
the azure waves; all, even to her ancient
name of Parthenope, plunge you again
inio that brilliant civilization to which
j nature pet such charming surroundings.
j Quite different is the smile of Venice, at
the same time caressing and perfidious; it
is like a feast above a dungeon-trap. It
was for this reason, undoubtedly, that, in
spite of her masterpieces and the magic
with which she is enveloped, I had at de-
I parture, r.nd without knowing why, a feel
ing of deliverance rather than of regret."
Gounod had the deepest veneration and
affection for his mother. To her, he says,
he owed everything he bus succeeded in
being, saying or doing, that was good.
Cloßing his reference to his mother in the
preface, he says:
' "May this tribute of a well-beloved son
i leave upon her tomba wreath more durable
i than our 'immortelles of a day,' and assure
; for her memory, after my death, a respect
that I could wish to make eternal."
The color and tone of the original has
been admirably maintained by the trans
'< iator, Miss Annette E. Crocker, and the
> book is clothed in an exceedingly original
j and -appropriate binding, which in
geniously displays Gounod's initials — C.
j F. G. — in the treble and base clefs, be
| sides a few bars from the "Faust" aria,
"La Parlate d' Amor." Price $1 25.
A VALUABLE RBPRINT.
The Humboldt Publishing Company
has issued a reprint of the once famous
and now almost forgotten book, written
by Patrick Edward Dove, on "The Theory
of Human Progression." It is a work that
those who do not consider political econ
j omy "the dismal science" cannot well
afford to do without. It is prefaced by a
biographical sketch of the author, who
was a Scotch landed gentleman, written
by Alexander Harvey.
Patrick Edward Dove's book was, In a
sense, the forerunner of "Progress and
Poverty," and that Henry Gedrge owes
much to Dove there is the warrant of
George's own declaration for believing. In
"The Theory of Human Progression" the
natural method of land tenure, the Single
Tax, is clearly shown, ana its author de
clares that eventually political economy
will come to be a positive science, like
mathematics or chemistry, but this time
will not come until men have learned
that poverty is a result of ignorance of
the true and eternal laws of society
j rather than a blessing from heaven. But
I Dove's book, as its name implies, is much
more than a treatise on sociological laws.
His argument is based on the law of evolu
tion, but he beginshis evolutionary process
where Darwin and the others came to an
abrupt end. So long as the manifested
universe acts in pursuance of the evolu
tionary law, unguided by the element of
free will, there is no flaw in the natural
scientists. They weave a beautiful, logical
theory, which accounts rationally (on their
own basis) for all natural phenomena
below the human stratum. But when the
element of a human will comes in play
these philosophers either cease their
philosophies or cease to b<? philosophical.
Dove went beyond them all and showed
j that there was a logical connection between
I all the sciences, and that, therefore, "there
is a necessary order in which they must
evolve chronologically." Reasoning on
this basis, Dove pointed out the chrono
logical order of the sciences, c.nd so ac
curately, too (in so far ns experience has
proved), as to almost entitle liim to rank
as a prophet. Indeed, in a sense he was a
prophet— in the sense that every true
philosopher is a prophet. [The book is for
sale in this City by the Popular bookstore.
10 Post street. Price, in paper, 50 cents.]
JOHANNA AMBBOSIUS.
A very rema rkable figure has appeared
within the last yeas on the horizon of
German literature, says the "New York
Critic Johanna Ambrosius, a woman of
tne people, has published a small book of
verses, which in twelve months has gone
through as many editions, and at which
all who read must wonder. Karl Schrat
tenthai was the discoverer of her talent and
the editor of the present volume. We read
his introduction with great interest; for in
it he gives a sketch of the poet's life,
astonishing iv its bare, almost brutal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
simplicity. Here is a woman's existence
reduced to its simplest expression, deprived
of all grace of surroundings, of all that we
are apt to think indispensable to poetry
and the poetical atmosphere; a life in
I which culture was an unattainable luxury
and intellectual companionship "a
thing apparently unknown. All the "great
I human experiences have come to this
woman in rugged intensity, without ac
cessories, but they have struck sacred fire
from her ardent spirit. The conditions of
her life are almost incredible and far sur
pass Carlyle's Utopia of independent oim
plicity. Poverty as she has known it is a
rude taskmaster, and Johanna Ambrosius
has endured the prick of its goad since her
earliest childhood. In feeble nealth, she
has worked year in and year out, not at
her woman's work only, but on the thrash
ing floor end in the stable, to support her
family and keep the wolf from the door.
The outline of Johanna Ambrosius' life,
as Mr. Schrattenthal gives it, is more than
simple; perhaps as her friend he felt un
able to give us a fuller account of it. She
was born on August 3, 1354, at Lengu'ethen,
a small village in East Prussia. She was
the second child of a workmginan. As. a
litile girl she went to the village school,
but only until her eleventh year, when her
time was required for household work."
Their mother was an invalid, and Johanna
and.heT sister, while yet mere children,
were called on to do all the work for the
family — cooking, sweeping, washing and
scrubbing.
Their father, fortunately, was fond of
books, and did what lie could to make up
to the children for the advantages
they were obliged to forego. As a
great treat he allowed them to take
the Gartenlaube, a weekly illustrated mag
azine, and they were glad enough to de
prive themselves of any other pleasure for
the sake of this literary luxury. For many
years its pages seem to have been their
only intellectual pasturage, and Johanna
describes the unfailing delight of poring
over them after the hard day's work was
done. As a young girl the unfortunate
poet went into service, but seems to have
been very unhappy, for she soon returned
to her home.
At 20 Johanna married a young peasant
by the name of Voigt. We are tuld noth
ing of her subsequent life beyond the fact
tiiat a son and a daughter were born to the
young couple and that the struggle for ex
is;ence was more strenuous than ever.
The joys and sorrows of motherhood seem
to wear a keener edge for her, sharpened
as they are by the ever-present sense of
poverty and want. Yet the note
of joy predominates when she thinks
and writes cf her children, and
such a poem as '"Mem Bub" seems to have
come from the heart of all happy mothers.
It is this quality of universality which is
?o admirable in her verses. There is noth
ing of the village poet abont her. One who
did not read the introduction to these
poems and the account of her Jife would
be at a loss to know where and when
to place the author, for even where
we can find trace of autobiography in
here a:id there a verse, it is always
the universally human side of the
experience that is presented to us. Her
poems have been compared to all that is
classic in German literature, yet Herr
Schraitenthal assures us that it is only
within the last year or two that the -works
of the German Olympians have been ac
cessible to her. She Jooks back regretfully
JOHANNA AMBROSIUS, TUE GERMAN PEASANT POET.
on "those twelve dumb years." Had sh
been able to read one volume a year of
Leasing, Schiller or Goethe, how rich she
would have felt. __
FOR PtAIN WOMKN ONLY.
This book, consists of some dozen dia
logues, reprinted from the Pall Mall Ga
zette, and is a transcript of discussions
held between "my aunt, and I" on sub
jects dear to the feminine heart. The
contents page forms a very fair index of
the character of the discussions: "On Mir
rors," "On Bonnets," "On Bead Trim
mines," "On Clothes in General," "On
' Looks," "On Tailor-made Women," etc.
The philosophy of these articles is dis
tinctly feminine, though recalling in some
respects Carlyle'a "Sartor Resartus"*in so
far as the latter work treats of the habili
ments affected by human beings. "My
aunt" contencis that "no woman under 40
years of age Las the moral right to look
irrevocably plain," and holds that "all
who submit basely to such a fate should
be punished for doing so." The medicine
prescribed by "my aunt" for women with a
tendency to plainness is largely composed
of "mirrors, pierglasses and looking
glasses."
"My aunt" proceeds in the course of her
argument to dissect ilio average woman,
commencing 'with her bonnet and ending
with her shoes. Speaking of hats, she
says: "A woman's headgear must be
simple in outline and simple in effect.
... And it must be personal;.; The
properly trained woman would- no . more
accept a bonnet she had neither devised,
suggested nor selected than she would
accept a husband because that was* the
style of man people were marrying this
spring." And again: ">io self-respecting
woman wears another woman's hat. She
might as well try to wear her head." ■•-. ■■'
"For Plain Women Only" can be recom
mended as pertinent to the times and use
ful for summer reading. The sketches
will serve to amuse the masculine portion
of the novel-reading public, from their re
freshing feminine cynicism. The useful
hints to women, too, will not be dig
regarded by those to whena they are ad T
dressed. &f.
[Published by the. Merriam Company,
New York. For sale by the Popular
Bookstore, 16 Post street, City; price
§1 25.] . __ ■
A FAMOUS LITTLE VOIIIME.
A reprint of the celebrated little work,
"The Battle of Dorking," has just been of
fered to the American, public by Way &
Williams of Chicago. The strained rela
tions of America with England growing
out of the Venezuelan boundary.
on the one band, and of England with
Germany due to complications in South
Africa on the other, give a peculiar and
timely interest to the book. It was a
famous tract twenty-rive years ago. and
made a profound sensation in England
and America, both by reason of its bear
ing on current. European events and pol
itics and from its remarkable blending of
military knowledge and literary skill. It
appeared originally in Blackwood's Maga
zine for May, IS7I, and purported to be the
recollections of events disastrous to Eng
land in 1875, narrated fifty years after by
an eye-witness. That England heeded
this "plain warning," which may almost
be looked upon in the light of a prophecy,
is evidenced by the recent British naval
display. Whether or not its lesson will be
heeded elsewhere as well remains to be
seen. The dreadful results depicted in the
fanciful sketch of Germany's supposed in
vasion of England are claimed to have
much to do with waking up the English
people to needed reforms in their army
and navy. Certain it is the present
strength of the British navy had its basis
laid soon ; after the sensation created by
that little. EKetch of disaster and defeat.
PLEA FOB CHKISXIAN UNITY.
"Some Poems and Prose That Would
Fain Exalt the Word of God, the Divinity
of Jesus and Present a Plea for- Christian
Unity," is a work by Rev. Silliman Blag
den, published by Alfred Mudge & Son,
Boston. .The book is a model of typo
graphical excellence, and its illustrations
are superb. The author's intentions are
doubtless worthy of laudation. The vol
ume is replete with Scriptural texts, which
serve to bear out the author's intentions.
The poetry in the volume is very bad, in a
literary sense. Rev. Mr. Blagtlen is evi
dently* sincere in his endeavors to unite
Christians under a common banner. • The
task seems to be a hopeless one. The
author is a fair-minded and noble-spirited
Derson, it would appear, and his work is
free from bias and prejudice. He. seeks to
accord the praises due to missionaries
without reference to sect or creed.
PUBLIC SPEAKING ASD READING.
Under the title of "Public Reading and
Speaking" Professor Kirby presents, in ap
propriate style, the results of his long ex
perience as a successful teacher along this
line of educational work. The book aims
to-develop individuality in the student,and
is looked upon as a most commendable ef
fort in this direction. The hints and helps
that it contains will readily give the stu
dent a mastery of the main problems that
must be solved in order for one to succeed
upon the platform, in debate, in conversa
tion and in a host of other affiliated top
ics. [Boston : Lee & Shepard. For sale by
William Doxey.] . .
JOHN SHERMAN'S RECOLLECTIONS.
John Sherman's "Recollections of Forty
Years in the House, Senate and Cabinet,"
which was reviewed at length in Tue Call
several months ago, has been discussed by
the press everywhere in the Nation, and it
is universally agreed that the book is able,
bold and fearless, and a valuable addition
to the history American politics. It is
not necessary to repeat that no man is
better qualified to speat understandingly
of the financial history of this country
?than Senator John Sherman, and to the
student of finance the book in question is
very instructive. The work ia .now on sale
by the Werner Company, 404 Spreckels
building.
LITEKARY NOTE 3.
General A. W. Greely .of Arctic fame
begins in the March Ladies' Home Jour
nal his articles oh George Washington,
which are expected to create considerable
discussion. General Greely has read over
2000 of Washington's private letters and he
writes in a frank, unbiased way of the per
sonal side of Washington.
At a recent auction sale of books and
manuscript^ from rare collections in Lon
don some of the precious old specimens
brought such figures as these: Shakes
peare's "Poems," -1640, the first collected
edition, but with the portrait defective
and wanting four leaves at the end, £21;
Milton's "Paradise Lost," 1667, first edi
tion, with the first titlo page, extremely
rare, £90, J. Parkinson; "Paradisi in Sole:
Paradisus Terrestris," 1629, first edition,
with the curious wooacuts, £11 ss; Gay's
"Fables," 1727-^B, with the plates after
Graveiot and others, £17, Sir Winston
Churchill; "Divi Britannici," 1675, £14,
aud a; very line copy of the fourtli folio
edition of Shakespeare, 1685, wanting the
portrait, £45.
"The Exploits of Brigadier Gerard" is
the title ot A. Conan Doyle's new histori
cal romance, which contains eight adven
tures in the career of a Napoleonic hero.
The book will be published by D. Appel
ton & Co., with many illustrations.
Felix Gras, who is soon to be introduced
to American readers by Mrs. Janvier's
translation of his new historical romance,
"The Reds of the Midi," is the successor
of Mistral and Roumanille as the official
head of the Filibrige, the society of Pro
vencal men of letters, which is the highest
literary distinction of th.c south of France.
In one of the letters of Griii Patin, writ
ten in 1G45, the learned bibliophilist says:
"It i 3 true that there is here an English
man, the son of a Frenchman, who pro
poses to make carriages that will roll from
Paris to Fontainebleau without horses in
a day. The new machine is preparing in
the Temple. If it should succeed, there
will be a great saving of hay and oats,
which are at present extremely costly."
A number of unpublished letters of an
intimate nature, written by John Randolph
of . Roanoke, are incorporated in a chapter
of reminiscences of the picturesque Vir
ginia statesman to be printed in the March
Century.
The American Historical Register, the
official organ of a number of patriotic
hfireditary associations, published in Phila
delphia, has a particularly attractive num
ber for the current month. The frontis
piece for the number is a fac-simile of the
insignia of the Society of Daughters of the
Revolution, done in proper colors and size.
The story of Lafayette's visit to this coun
try in 1524-25 is continued, and other in
teresting articles are: "The Origin of the
Surnames Brown and Browninc." "Epi
sodes of the French Spoliation Period,"
"Colonel Aaron Burr's Order Book." The
regular departments contain a wealth of
useful and entertaining matter.
Professor Arthur S. Hathaway of the
Rose Polytechnic Institute has written a
"Primer of Quaternions," which Mac
niillan & Co. will publish very shortly.
The theory of quaternions is developed
directly from its fundamental ideas, with
out dependence upon principles not found
in elementary algebra and geometry. It
contains numerous diagrams and exam
ples, and shouid prove a valuable text
book for technical schools on account of
the physical ideas that, it develops.
S. S. McClure is about to issue in one
volume the "Earlier Life of Lincoln,' 1
based upon the material published in the
November, December and January num
bers of McClure's Magazine. The Me-
Clures haye collected sixty or seventy dif
ferent portraits of Lincoln, a laree number
of which have never been reproduced in
any form.
A LITTLE WIZARD.
A new historical tale, "A Little Wizard,"
by J. Stanley Weyman, has just been pub
lished by R. F. Fenno & Co., New York.
It is a tale of Yorkshire, England, in the
time of Cromwell, just after the battles of
Marston Moor and Naseby and before th c
surrender of the Scot's army of Charles I.
The tale recites incidents in the careers of
two youthful sons of a cavalier gentleman,
who has sacrificed his life for the royalist
HE LAID DOWN ON IIIS FACE AMONG THE BRACKEN.
[Reproduced from "A Little Wizard."
cause, anil one of whom, the "Little Wiz
ard," figures pathetically in the story
under the care of a faithless faraiiy serv
itor, who has sinister connections with
the Puritan Roundheads. The novelette
has much of the literary anil Historic
charm which marks all of Mr. Wey man's
work. Cloth, 50 cents.
For upward of two years the publishers
ofMcCJure's Magazine have been quietly
gathering material and pictures for a new
life of General Grant. They believe that
they have made a larger collection of por
traits of General Grant (many of them
rare) and other pictures relating to his
life than has ever been made before. This
biography will Lrins out the real Grant in
the same vivid, thorough and interesting
manner as Lincoln is presented in the
"life" now running in McClure's.
Professor Edward Charming of Harvard
University will publisb as the next vol
ume i it the Cambridge Historical Series
"The United States of America, 1765-181x3."
An exceedingly interesting historical
novel entitled "Two Queens" is announced.
It is a translation from the German of
Baron Simolin, the son of tue famous
Count (Bimolin, who rendered such signal
services to Queen Caroline Matilde of Den
mark and Queen Marie Antoinette, and
who came into possession of several pri
vate letters and diaries intrusted by that
ill-fated Queen lo Count Fersen.
It is to be regretted that the texts useful
to the study of the middle ages are not
all published, and that most of those
which have been published are not well
edited. The archives of the Vatican
library were made accessible only about
fifteen years ago. Those of Spain, Italy
and England are only half explored. There
are libraries of manuscript?, rich in monu
ments of medieval literature, without
catalogues. Such are the libraries of
Rheim?, Lyons and the Vatican. The
cabinet of manuscripts in theßlbliotheque
Nationale even is without a list serviceable
to independent students.
The Scribners have in preparation a
volume entitled "The Jewish Scriptures:
The Story of Their Origin and History in
the Light of the Latest Criticisms," by
Amos K. Fiske, the author of "Beyond the
Bourne" and "Midnight Talks at the
Club." The work is ({escribed as a "popu
lar account of the books of ttie Old Testa
ment considered as history and as litera
ture." The standpoint of the writer is
radical and in accord with what has been
called the "higher criticism."
Aubrey Beardsley is going to Beardsle
ize Pope's "The Rape of the Lock." There
are a good many people who owe Pope a
grudgo. remarks the Critic; pow they will
be satisfied.
In its review of the books of 1895 the
Publishers' Weekly says that the year
just past has been the most productive the
American book trade has ever known. It
registered 5469 books, of which i?6S were
new editious. In 1894 the total output
was only 4484 books, showing an increase
of nearly 25 percent. The activities of
the English publishers for the same
period, as given in the London Publishers'
Circular, resulted in the publication of
0016 books — an increase of only thirty-one
over 1894. The statistics compiled by the
Bibliographic de la France, on the other
hand, indicate a decrease across the Chan
nel from 13,007 books in J894 to 12,927
books.
"The Non-Heredity of Inebriety," by
Leslie E. Keeley, M.D., LL.D., is in the
press of S. C. Grigps & Co. The author
endeavors to show that inebriety is a
disease.
The J. B. Lippincott Company announces
"The Autobiography of a Professional
Beauty," by Elizabeth Phipps Train,
author of the successful "Social Highway
man"; "Cameos," a volume of short
stories, by Marie Corelli; "When Greek
Meets Greek," a tale of the French Revo
lution, by Joseph Hatton; and "The Light
That Lies," a group of "facetious tales on
the love-making of some bashful persons
and others," by Cockburn Harvey.
The Queen of Italy is about to publish
her experiences as a climber in the Alps.
The illustrations, also, will be by her
Majesty. The subject is a lofty one, and
there is assurance that the work will be a
royal achievement.
Dr. Robertson Nicoll learns from the
Cape that Mrs. Olive Schreiner, author of
"A South African Farm," has postponed
the publication of her new story on ac
count of ill health. The book is finished,
but the author does not seem to think that
it is quite ready for publication yet. -
Rand, McNally & Co. have just pub
lished a novel," "Mariposillii," by Mrs.
Charles S. Daggett. It is the story of a
Spanish Californian girl who falls' in love
with a young American. The latter is the
petted, spoiled child of a selfish, worldly,
conscienceless woman. A marriage is ar
ranged by her for her son, and Maripoailla
is left to pine away.
Arthur McEwen is now writing from
four to five columns weekly for the News
Letter.
Howard V. Sutherland, long connected
with the Star, has assumed editorial charge
of the News Letter.
"A Man's Foes," by E. H. Strain, is a
story of Ireland at the time of the acces
sion of William of Orange to the British
throne. It portrays the religious strife
and intolerance of those times. The vol
ume is printed by Ward, Lock & Bowden,
New York, and ia for sale by Dosey ; cloth
bound, $1 50.
The Century Company has arranged
with General Horace Porter for the publi
cation in the Century Magazine-of his per
sonal reminiscences of General Grant dur
ing the war. The papers consist of Gen
eral Porter's memoirs of his intercourse
with the great commander, both in the line
of his duty ns his staff, officer and as a
friend who shared his confidenoe to the
end of his life.
"Lounger" in the Critic says that in old
times the publisher made the author, or,
at least, he made the author think that he
did, which amounted to the same thing;
but nowadays the author thinks that he
makes the publisher; at any rate, he has
convinced the publisher that he does — and
that is all that i« necessary to his well
being, the publisher being the one who
hold's tbe purse-strings.
The men w.ho have seen Sir Walter Scott
must now be getting few, says the West
minster Gazette. John Usher of Stodrig,
who died the other day, himself an en
thusiast on Border ballads, was one of the
rapidly diminishing little company. He
used to tell witH no small pride that on
one occasion, when Sir Walter was a
visitor at Toftfield, his birthplace, he. had
sat upon the great novelist's knee and had
sung several songs, for whicn he waa re
warded by Sir Walter with the present of
a white pony.
Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett's new
novel, "A Lady of Quality," will bs a sur
prise to her readers, as it is an entirely
new vein for her. The full title is "A Lady
of Quality; being a most curious, hitherto
unknown history, as related by Mr, Isaac
Bickerstaff, but not presented to the world
of fashion through the pages of The Tat
tler." The time of the story is the reign
of Queen Anne, and it is written in the
language of the period. Its heroine is a
girl whose mother died in giving her birth,
and who has grown to young womanhood
under no softer influence than that of her
father, who "is a swaggering, sporting,
bard-.lrinking squire of those easy-going
days."
REPLIES TO JUDGE BELCHER.
A Juror Explains Why Mrs. Shattnok
Win Acquitted. '
John L. McLaughlin, a member of the
Shattuck jury, . is angry over the com
ments of Judge Belcher upon the jury's
action in acquitting Mrs. Shattuck. He is
the president of the Fairmount Improve
ment Club and a man of standing .in the
community.
In replyinc to Judge Belcher yesterday
he said:
"In the first.place, on the plea of insan
ity the defense proved the proper medicine
had been administered . to Mrs. Shattuck,
and if she was not suffering from the dis
ease stated the medicine might have killed
her. , Doctors for the prosecution admitted
that was the proper medicine for that dis
ease. Examination of physicians showed
that she had been . suffering from erysip
elas. That was some time before the mur
der was committed.
"In the next place Truly Shattuck wrote
for Harry Poole. She said, 'Come quick
if you love me because you may riot tind
mother alive when you arrive. I think
you. can afford to forgive her. Come
qui^k.'
"Her deposition in the Police Ceurt
stated that she met him at the door and
went with him to the mother's room up
stairs. Mrs. Shattuck said, 'Are you go
ing to marry my daughter?'
"Harry Poole said, 'We cannot obtain a
license to-day, because the City Hall is
closed. But to-morrow, Monday, we will,
before she goes away.'
"He insisted on t>2ing married next day
and then Truly went out to get some water.
While outside she heard the report of a
pistol and on returning found Harry Poole
lying on the floor dying. •
■ "The prosecution did not prove , that
Mrs. Shattuck murdered him, nor that she
was not insane. The. jury was at sea, for
there was no proof that Mrs. Shattuck did
commit the murder. *■' .■
"1 tnink Judge Belcher overreached him
self; he went out of . his way. f or ' somc
thiag."
* "■■■"■■ — « — . -f-V&H'-i
Sir. Murphy's Explanation.
The following letter to The CAll is self-ex
planatory: i
San Fbancibco, February 15, 1896.
To the Editor— Dkar Hib: In your issue of to
day's date is an p.rticie entitled "Sho?! ia His Af
counts—Adam H. .Murphy, Agent of the Portland
Cracker Company, Arrested."
I wish to interpose a prompt and emphatic de
nial to the claim or assertion of the officers of the
Portland Cracker Company that my accounts with
them were or are not in" a healthy condition, or
that I have appropriated or misappropriated $1200
of the company's funds; that I am not and never
have been short in my accounts with said or any
company or person: that Instead of my owing the
Portland Cracker Company said company Is now
Indebted to me In a sum exceeding s3oo. In fine,
the case is simply a matter of disputed accounts
between the company and myself.
As I have been a resident of this State for
twenty-five years, and never before had my honesty
or Integrity in the slightest degree called In ques
tion, which your article does, In justice to myself I
earnestly but respectfufly request that you pub
lish this reply and denial of the charges made
asaliisb me. Adah H. M crpii y.
Will Feast Sailors.
The sailors of the Colombo will be feasted to
day by the Italians of this Giiy. The banquet
takes place at 1 o'clock and a.t 3p. m. the "gal
lan^ men and true" of the Italian warship will
adjourn to Befsaglieri Hall, where a popular
festival tendered by the San Francisco and
Oakland colonies will be held. In the evening
the Italian comedy, "Stenterello." will be per
formed at the Bu«n-street Theater. The com
mander of the Colombo, Prince Luigi of Savoy
and all the other officers and the men not on
duty will attend.
IRA D. SANKEY COMING.
The West Side Christian Church
Has Been Incorpor
ated.
NEWS AMONG THE CHTJECHES.
Dr. Dille Will Go to Honolulu to As
sist in the Dedication of a
Church.
Ira I). Sankey, of Moody and Sankey
evangelist fame, is expected to coma to the
City soon for a stay of indefinite length.
A certificate of corporation has been
granted totheWest Side Christian Church,
and it proposes to push with vigor its
building enterprise.
The Young People's Society of Christian
Endeavor has begun holding street meet
ings on Sunday evenings.
The Christian preachers of Southern
California will hold a convention in San
Diego, March 3 to 5.
Rev. J. P. Lewis, pastor of the Christian
charge at Paso Robles, has resigned and
returned to his home in Virginia.
The Ladies' Aid Society of the Christian
Church at Santa Barbara has raised $500
for the building fund.
Rev. W. 0. Hays is supplying the pulpit
of the Christian church at Sumner.
The Young Ladies' Branch of the Con
gregational Women's Board of Missions
held its monthly meeting at the head
quarters yesterday afternoon. Mrs. F. B.
Dillingham of Honolulu and Miss Stroud-
Sjtiith were the principal speakers.
Dr. H. C. Minton will address the Con
gregational Monday Club this week on
"Some Hopeful Aspects of Modern Un
christened Thought.
The Young Women's Christian Associ
ation will hold its annual meeting at
Plymouth Congregational Church this
evening.
Rev. Leon D. Bliss, formerly of the
Woodland Congregational church, has ac
cenied a call from Great Barrington, Mass.
Rev. H. Hammond Cole sends the Pa
cific an encouraging report of his work for
Congregationalism at Weaverville.
The Olivet Congregational Church shows
commendable enterprise in issuing a'
monthly paper devoted to the interests of
the church.
The young ladies of the Stockton Con
gregational church gave an entertainment
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. E. W. S.
Woods on Tuesday afternoon. Their roles
of "Dairy Maids of Tyrol" were well sus
tained. The affair was successful in every
way.
Rev. J- Cumming Smith will give the
first of a series of lectures at Trinity Pres
byterian Church this evening on "Chris
tianity ana Art." Next Sunday evening
his subject will be '"Christianity and Sci
ence," and the last of the series, on March
8, will be "Christianity and Common
Sense."
Dr. Dille will go to Honolulu this week
to officiate at the dedication of the new
Methodist Episcopal church of that place.
The Slate convention of the Christian
Endeavor Society will be held on May 14,
15, 1G and 17.
Key. J. W. Webb, grand chief templar,
will give an address at the Twelfth-street
Christian Church this morning.
It is said that Mrs. Clinton B. Fiske of
the Woman's Home Missionary Society
will abandon public work for the time, and
return soon to New York.
Dr. Voorsanger's Bible-class has changed
its time of meeting to Tuesday evening.
An entertainment will be giveil at St.
Joseph's Hall on Tuesday evening for the
benefit of the library and reading-room of
the Young Ladies' Sodality of St. Joseph's
Church.
The Young Men's Institute day celebra
tion will be held at the Tabernacle, Oak
land, this evening.
All Hallows' Branch of the League of
the Cross will hold a rally at Myrtle Hall
on Friday evening.
The close of '97 of* St. Mary's College will
give an entertainment at the college ex
hibition hall, on Friday evening, in honor
of the anniversary of Washington's birth
day.
ltev. W. D.McKinnon of Rio Vista will
lecture on "Catholic Loyalty," at the
Metropolitan Temple, on Friday evening.
The class of '96 of Sacred Heart College
is making preparations to celebrate St.
Patrick's day in fitting manner.
A mission for men will be begun by the
Redemptori3t Fathers O' Shea and Linder
at St. Peter's Church this evening.
St. Paul's branch of the League of the
Cross will De held at St. Paul's Hall,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, to
morrow evening.
Company J, League of the Cross Cadets,
is preparing for a grand minstrel and vau
deville show at St. Peter's Hall in April.
A bazaar will beheld at Teutonia Hall in
aid of St. Anthony's Church, to-morrow
and Tuesday evenings.
Eclipse of the Soul.
J. J. Morse will lecture under the auspices of
the California Psychical Society at National
Hall, Ellis street, between Polk street and Van
Ness avenue, this evening at 7:45 o'clock, the
subject being "The Evolution of a Soul— lta
NEW TO-DAY.
Would you believe
it! — the so-called "de-
licious flavor" in nine-
tenths of the popular-
priced cigars of the
day is produced by
drugs.
A trial will con-
vince you that -the
"MantelP cigar is not
of this class*
Mantells shipped to country
dealers on approval, subject
to return at our expense.
THE WEKTMEIMEE CO.
2122
THE THEATRES
THE Tavary Company's taste in
'•novelties" this year seems to
have run to works that were writ
ten for big opera-houses and de
mand costly productions. It is
painful to dwell upon the way in which
thrse operas have been put on the stage.
Guileless rustics on one-night sland.s may
be willing to split their best gloves ap
plauding a mise en scene which admits
of a Nubian slave wearing golden locks, a
diamond ti3ra and a Louis XIV gown
of silver tinsel; but people whose memo
ries of "Aida" are sacred to good opera
houses want none of these things. On the
other hand people who know anything of
MME. TAVARY, THE NOTED PRIMA DONNA, AT THE BALDWIN.
the opera demand some pomp and pagean
try in the scene where- Ramedes returns '
home victorious, and the least critical are !
tempted to wonder how an Egyptian j
general ever conquered Nubia with
a couple, of dozen men dressed as '
a historical review of military cos- j
tumes from the times of the Greeks to the
period of medieval knighthood. The only !
thing that prevented the triumph scene in
"Aida' 1 from resembling the march of all '
rations In the "Excelsior" ballet was the j
absence of Tommy Atkins from the pro-
cession.
Even the tinselly old "Huguenots" de-
THOMAS KEENE, AT TBB CALIFORNIA,
] served better treatment. With a good bal
; let and a handsome mise en scene, there
i is still something imposing about Meyer
j beer's showy work, but bereft of its gorge
! ousness the "Huguenots" is like a banquet
hall when the flowers have faded and the
l lights grown dim.
Elenora Duse, the Italian actress, opens
i her engagement in New York to-morrow.
1 This is Duse's second visit to America, and
there seems every prospect that the Pacific
Coast will again be passed over in her tour.
j This invidious distinction has not proved
soothing to the Italian resident?, who are
naturally anxious to renew acquaintance
with their compatriot since' she has
I blossomed out into universal fame.
The sons of sunny Italy say
that it strikes them as lack of enterprise
not to secure a visit from the greatest
living tragedienne. For their part they
are willing to promise and vow liberal
support to the theater that will give them
iJuse. There is little doubt that the great
Elenora would make as furious a sensa
tion here a.? she did in the East. The Jirst
time an audience sees puse it gener
ally compares her with Bernhardt
and finds her methods passionless be
side those of the French woman; the
second visit to puse I as the effect of
making one hesitate between her ajid
IJernhiirdf; but the third time settles it.
No one has been known to resist seeing
Duse more than twice and not bowing to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 189 G.
the supremacy of her genius. The fin-de
siecle naturalness of her playing would be
a revelation to San Francisco playgoers.
r.ii.l ->\ in Theater.
The last week of the Tavary Company
begins to-morrow night, when "The
Huguenots" will be presented. This will
be followed on Tuesday night by the first
presentation of "Lohengrin" during the
present stay of the company. "Mignon"
is to be heard at the Wednesday matinee,
and the bill for the evening of that day is
"Lucia" and "Cavalleria Kusticana."
"Faust" will be "heard for the last time
on Thursday night and "Tannhauser"
on Friday. Thea Dorre in her impersona
tion of Carmen will be seen and heard
at the last Saturday matinee, which the
management has decided to give at popu
lar prices, as well as the Wednesday rnati-
nee of this week. The company will bid
adieu on Saturday night with a production
of "Trovatore" and "I Pagliacci."
■The attraction to follow the Tavary
Grand Opera Company at tlie Baldwin
Theater is Frederick Warde. His players
include in their ranks Charles D. Herman,
Charles Sutton, Beverly W. Turner, H. D.
Byers, Henry C. Barton, Ernest C. Warde,
<irant Forman, John C. liickey, J. Lan
ders Stevens, George Fuller ton, Fanny
liille-tte, Lucia Moore, Craig Garrick and
Isabella Waidron. Mr. Warde will pre
sent during his engagement "King Lear,"
" Yir_'inius," "Julius Ctesar," "The
Mountebank, "' "The Lion's Mouth" and
other plays.
California Theater.
Thomas Keene's second week at the Cal
ifornia Theater will open to-morrow night
with "Merchant of Venice," in which he
will be supported by Miss Timbermann as
Portia, Miss Beigarde as Nerissa, and by
the same company that has been seen at
the California during the past week. Mr.
Keene's view of the play differs from most
of the actors of the past, who have made
Shylock an exceedingly tragic and some
what caricatured picture of a grasping
money-lender. With Mr. Keene he is an
object of sympathy and not of execration.
Like his Louis XI and Richelieu, it is a
consistent character study.
On Tuesday night Mr. Keene will play
"Richard III," which will be repeated also
on Saturday night. "Richelieu" will be
the bill for "Wednesday, "Hamlet" for
Thursday, "Othello" for Friday, "Mer
chant of Venice" for Saturday afternoon
and "Louis XI" for the farewell perform
ance on Sunday night. .
"The Bicycle Girl," a farcical absurdity,
tieaded by jolly Nellie McHenry, comes to
the California Monday week. The skit is
by Louis Harrison, and shows the new
woman and the coming man on th« bicy
cle fad. It abounds with music, dances
and repartee.
Columbia Theater.
Katie Putnam will appear at the Colum
bia Theater to-morrow night in ''The Old
Lime Kiln," which was written for her by
T. C. Dazey and is said to be a play well
adapted to her especial style of work.
In its general lines "The Old Lime Kiln"
resembles "In Old Kentucky," and it is
said to permit of the same wide range of
comedy and pathos that characterized
Katie Putnam's work in "The Old Curios
ity Shop/ 1 where the widely divergent
characters of the Marchioness and Little
IS' ell gave full play to her versatility. In
the present day comedy and pathos go
side by side.
The selection of the Yellowstone Na
tional Park as the locale of a portion of
the story gives opportunity for unique ef
fects and color designs. Yellowstone Falls
and the geysers, Old Faithful, are two sub
jects that have been "scenically treated.
The story of the Dlay springs from the
struggles of a good man, accused unjustly
of a heinous crime, to re-establish his in
nocence in the sight of the world.
Grover's Alcazar.
"Faust" will be presented at Grover's
Alcazar this week. Percy Hunting will
appear as Mephistoiiheles, a part with
which he has lonpr been identitied. and
Misx Mina (Jleason will play Marguerite.
On the 24ih inst. the Carleton Opsra
Company will begin a season at the Alca
zar.
The opening opera will be Sir Julius
Benedict s "Lily of Killarney." Sir Julius
Benedict will be remembered as the con
ductor of the famous Jenny Land concerts
in America. He was afterward knighted
by t^ueen Victoria, more particularly as a
reward meritorious for the beautiful music
of this opera. He was ttie lirst musician
who enjoyed the distinction of knight
hood.
Grand Opera-Uouse.
The attraction for this week at the Grand
is John A. Stevens' clever Southern story
"Wife for Wife," which has not been seen
in Han Francisco for a long time. It af
fords an excellent illustration of life in the
South before the war. All the typical
characters, from the tire-eating duelist to
the cunning mulatto, are there. The story
is full of movement and has plenty of com
edy to offset the seripus interest.
The production will be the occasion of
the lirst appearance of the new leading
lady of the* company, Misa Essie Tittel,
also the reappearance in the male leading
role of the popular'nctor, Darrell Vinton.
The new stage manager. Louis Imhaus, is
to direct the presentation.
Tivoli Opera-House.
The last performances of "The Gentle
Savage" will be given at the Tivoli Opera
house this week.
romantic German opera, "Der
Freischutz," will be the attraction for the
week following. This is a work whose mu
sic never cloys. Many of the operas of its
age nave crown old and hackneyed, but
the "Freischutz" remains a deliglit to mu
sic lovers. Its libretto tells a weird story
of peasant life, which is too well known to
need repetition.
Ida Valerga will reappear in the role of
Agatha and the role of Annie will be taken
by Miss Jvate Marchi, who will make her
first reappearance on the scene of her
former succesfT The role of Max, the
young hunter, has been intrusted to Mar
tin Pache, who has sung the part most
successfully throuehout Germany and
Austria; John J. Raffael will essay the
basso can tan te role of Caspar for the first
time, and the remaining roles -will be
Played, by W. H. West, Maroell Perron,
George Iliidge ana C. Napoleoni.
At the Orphettm.
Most of the star feature of the Orpheum
programme last week will be retained on
the billior the coming wek. They are the
remarkable head-balancing act of the
Pantzer Brothers, who astonished the spec
tators by their seemingly reckless, yet
skillfully executed, feats of head equili
brism; the sketch act of the Garrisons,
the songs and monologues of Carroll
Johnson, the comedy work and banjo solos
of Billy Carter and Stanton's "rooster"
act.
For the week entered upon the Wiltons
will bean important new feature. They
are acrobatic comedy bar artists and are
considered almost the greatest in their
line. One of the two .vas in San Francisco
about fourteen years ago, when the team
was known as Wilton and Morris.
Rachel Walker wil! give her farewell
performance at to-day's matinee, as sne is
billed to open at the Orpheum, Los Angeles,
to-morrow nig-ht.
Young tadie9' Orchestra.
The first benefit concert of the Saturday
Morning Orchestra will be given to-mor
row evening in Metropolitan Temple. The
m'isicale will be a brilliant society event
and a large audience is assured.
The orchestra will be directe:! by Alfred
Roncovieri. The gentlemen of the Phil
harmonic Society will give their assistance,
end Miss Caroline H. Little and S. Homer
Henley will be the vocalists. The pro
gramme is as follows:
Overture, "Semiramido" (Rossini); (a) Span
ish dance, (b) bolero (Moszko wski) ; song (a)
"Should He Upbraid?" (Bishop), (b) Kennst dv
das Land." from "Miciion" (Thomas); (c) "La
Folleita" (Sahatore Marchosi), Miss Caroline
11. Little; paraphrase, melody in P (Rubin
stein); fantasia, "Tannhauser 1 (Wagner); (a)
intermezzo, "I Pagliaeei" (Leoncavallo), (b)
Graceful Dance (Sir Arthur Sullivan); song,
"Bedouin Love Song" (Chadwick), h. Homer
Henley; sprinj: serenade, "Aubade I'rintaniere"
(Lacombe); ballet music from "N'aila" (Delibes);
collocation from "Krnani" (Verdi).
Paderewaki KoeitaN..
Paderewski's last three recitals at fhe !
California Theater are to take place to- i
morrow, Wednesday and Friday. That !
the great pianist will appear before !
crowded houses on all three occasions goes I
without saying.
On Saturday evening Paderewski will |
JULES AND ELLA. GARRISON AT THE ORPUEL'M.
play at the Macdonough Theater, Oak
land.
Sousa's Band.
Sousa will have throe soloists with him
at the Auditorium in this City. They are
Miss Myrtle French, soprano; Miss Carrie
Duke, violinist, and Arthur Pryor, the
young trombone soloist who created so
much interest here during the Midwinter
Fair by his playing.
Rogewalri JVlemorlal.
On account of the Paderewsld farewell
matinee on the 21st inst., the Rosewald
memorial entertainment will be postponed
till March 6.
Dramatic Brevities.
Nellie McHenry has a new farce en
titled "Hattie Hurry M.D.," which she in
tends to present as well as "The Bicycle
Girl" during her stay at the California.
Those who have read the new play say it
is a splendid work and full of good points.
SCENE FROM " A WIFE FOR A WIFE," AT MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
KATIE PUTNAM, AT THE COLUMBIA.
The last matinee of. the Tavarv Grand
Opera Company will be given on Saturday
next, and at 50c. 75c and $1. The bill an
nounced for that day is "Carmen."
Robert Mantell is one of the early book
ings at the California Theater, and so is
Peter F. Dailey, in "The Night Clerk."
Stuart Robson has captured New York
with his. new play, "Mrs. Pondeberry's
Past." .
Mis* Virginia Harned, who retired from
the cast of " Trilby" several, months ago,
has become an heiress throiu-h the death
of an aunt, who left her 145,000. Miss
Harned has gone to Cumberland, Md.,
where the estate is being settled.
FOR THE GOLD FIELDS.
A Trip to the Klines at Cook's Inlet to
Take I'lrno Early in
April.
Considerable interest is being manifested
in the newly discovered gold fields at
Cook's Inlet, Alaska, and a number of
mining men have betaken themselves
thither in search of the yellow metal,
which is said to abound in those parts. It
is eren said that every stream in the re
gion bears gold, while quartz mines near
by have the name of being exceedingly
rich.
Charles D. Ladd is one of many who
predict a great future for the newly opened
mines. He has organized a trip to the
gold fields, the party to leave on or about
the sth of April in tha barkentine Marion.
The fare will be only $.jO from this City to
the mouth of Resurrection Creek, at a dis
tance of less than five miles from the first
claim. Many applications have been made
for tickets.
TCocky Valencia Street.
Residents of the Mission district complain
bitterly because the Jlarket-Street Railway
Conipany managers do not pay more attention
to me paving of Valencia street between the
rails. Under the law the company is required
to keep the street between the rails in proper
repair, but for several months Valencia street
has been neßlected, and in several piaces the
condition is dangerous to vehicles. A petition
has been sent to the Supervisors asking for re
lief.
It.-1.1 \\ in Change of Bill.
By request "Tannhauser" will be given at
the Baldwin Theater next Friday evening in
stead of the "Bohemian Girl," and on' Satu
rday night there will be a double bill, "Trova
tore" and "I Pagliacci."
SUPERVISORS ARRAIGNED.
The Union for Practical Progress
Asks Some Pointed
Questions.
FOR MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP.
The Reform Organization Wants the
Board to Place Itself on
Record.
In language which cannot be misunder
stood the Union for Practical Progress has
requested the Board of Supervisors to ex
plain why no attention has been paid to
its t>etition for a special election to decide
whether or not San Francisco shall own its
own water and light works.
The communication was sent to the
board some time ago, and the union has
been waiting patiently for an answer, but
in vain. Tne committee in charge of the
matter says:
Ban Francisco, Feb. 13, 1896.
To the Hon. Board $f Supervisor*. San Fran-
I Cisco— Gkntlkmen: On September 18, 1895, we
iiled with you a petition asking that a .special
election be colled, at which the question of
public ownership of water and light works
should be submitted to the voters of San
Francisco.
It whs referred by you to your Finance Com
mittee (Messrs. Taylor, Hobbsand Benjamin).
We have attended a regular meeting of your
Finance Committee in December, and ex
hibited the indorsements and signatures of
3000 citizens and nine organizations. We have
tiled with you a memorial showing that water
rates in San Francisco average $20 per year for
the Bame service furntsljed in other cities
(under public ownership; lor $11 03: $1163
per year is the average late of thirty-tive cities
in the United States which operate public
water works.
We call your attention to the fact that San
Francisco is tne only city of its size in the
United States wliich do-es not own public water
works. We reminded you that this question
has always received the required majority
when submitted to the voters of other cities.
We gave statistics and estimates from Colonel i
Mendell's report (when he was employed by
the City), showing that a sufficient water sup
ply could be obtained for less than $10,000,000.
We referred you to the, annual sworn state
ments of the Spring Valley Water Company,
which exhibited the startling facts that their
yearly operating expenses are less than
$400,000, while their yearly revenue is over
$1,600,000. Their sworn statement for 1895
reatlirms these figures.
■We have given you facts and figures, taken
from official sources, which clearly show that
the inhabitants ot San Francisco are subjected
to an enormous unnecessary and unjust tax by
a private corporation (ali done with your assist
ance). The action of the people everywhere
shows that they approve of public ownership
of these utilities, and we nave shown that
cheaper' rates are charged in the cities that
own their water supplies and that public op
eration of water works is more economical,
under all circumstances, to the public than
private ownership.
The force of these facts should induce every
conscientious and honest representative of the
people to immediately take steps to abolish
this form of taxation of their constituents by a
few private individuals.
Regarding light rates, we gave you statistics
proving that electric lights are furnished now
by cities, under publi; ownership; at less than
one-half former charges by private corpora
tions. More recent reports publish to the
world that while you are pnying $15 per
month for electric lights, Alameda, under
public ownership, secures the same light for
less than $7 per month, and Santa Cruz the
same light for less than $4 per month. In gas
rates a similar discrepancy can be shown.
Gentlemen, we very regretfully record the
indifference manifested by you to this popular
appeal. V.m have on the other hand been
quick even to protect a rich corporation from
the consequences of its illegal acts. When the j
Market-street Railway Company early last i
year bepan to run over and kill our fellow-citi
zens and children it developed that they were
violating ordinance 2072 by not providing
their cars with fenders es required by law.
Public indignation began to be manifested!
and steps were about to be taken by the Civic
Federation to bring the officers of that com
pany before the courts. You immediately re
pealed that ordinance, and have to this date
given license, without penalty, to the street
railway companies to main or kill without
protecting the public by the use of proper
fenders.
Were you asked to repeal the old law by the
people or by the streetcar magnates? It is pre
sumed that they requested the change when
threatened with prosecution and it is a very
sad circumstance that you have shown so
much alacrity to obey the wishes Of these re
puted corruptlonists and refuse to pay any at
tention to a request that you must know em
bodies the prayer of the masses. Tne only rea
son offered us by the members of your Finance
Committee (Messrs. Taylor, Hoods and Benja
min) for not recommending the granting of
our petition was that funds were not available
for holding the soecial election. This seems to
be only an excuse, because the annual appro
priations for election expenses for the current
year are $32,000 (Municipal Order No. 2905,
passed September 23, 1895). Tne regular ex
penses of the Election Commissioners and
Registrar's office are otherwise provided for by
the appropriation of $9600 in the name order.
We have furnished you, in our memorial, with
an estimate from the Registrar's office to the
eft'ect that the special election could be held at
an expense of less than $20,000.
We beg to inquire wny the #32,000 already
appropriated and in the City treasury is not
available? Or why some part of the appro
priation for "urgent necessity" (s36,ooo) could
not be used for the purpose of relieving our
City from one ore more of the "octopi" that
are strangling it to decay. Or why part of the
$185,000 which you appropriated for "water
and municipal purposes" could not be used
for some permanent good instead of for filling
the coffers of a few who have been given the
privilege of taxing this community.
We now request some formal action either,
lor or against the expressed desire of these
petitioners for the calling of a special election
at which the question of public ownership of
water and light works snail be submitted to
the voters.
We beg to remind you again that we have
dealt only with facts and ligures taken from
official reports. We hold up before you and our
fellow citizens these statistics, which exhibit
how grievously and unwarrantedly they are
taxed by you for the benefit of a few wealthy
monopolists. We also exhibit the difference of
treatment which you accord to a popular de
niand from that which you have given to
shield the officers of rich corporations.
Truth speaks .stronger than fiction, ana com
ment is unnecessary. We have some hope that
you will redeem your names from the odium
which the facts cast around you.
We urgently request your early action upon
our petition "for municipal water and light
We ha^e the honor to be yours respectfully,
John M. Reynolds,
.r. K. Scott,
H. A. CLIFFORD,
J. A. ANTHONY,
Committee on Public Ownership lor the Union
for Practical Progress.
The union will bring the matter before
other organizations that are working
toward the pubiic good unless the Super
visors take some action at an early date.
PEE ACHED ABOUT SOUSA'S BAND.
Minister Hobbs Drew Some Beliglout
Arguments From a Musical Text.
It is seldom, if ever, that an amusement
enterprise figures in a sermon, except as
the object of scathing
:riticism. Still rarer
3 the occasion when it
lappens that such i*
ised as a text by . a
eacher of holy precept-
Che clergy .ire so ac
justomed to calling the
itage and its environs
0 task and making the
veil-worn comparisons
>etween the theater and
the abiding place of
, 1(-lOT1 0™,,.^ tu»v tne remaks of a "West
ern minister recently made from his pulpit
are of unusual interest. This tribute to
the stage was delivered in the town of Deca
ture, 111., and the clergyman was the Rev.
E. G.-Hobbs, the secretary of the Illinois
Conference and pastor of Grace Methodist
Church ai that place.
At a recent Sunday sermon the Rev. Mr.
Hobbs too£ "Sou3a's Band," well-known
to San Franciscans, and soon to be here
again, as the text of hi 3 discourse, and
among other things said:
"There is something. radically -wrong with
the man who does not care for music. '\\ho
is there,' said Carlyle, 'that, in logical words,
can express the effect music has upon us?
Musio is a universal' language which all com
prehend. All music belongs to God and snould
be used for his glory. The devil has seized
some of the Dest of it and is using it for his
own purpose, but it does not belong to him.
"Have you heard SOusa's band? 1 heard it,
or him, or them, or however you have a mind
to designate the combination. 1 am not sure
but I would best say htm. The maestro said
not a word, blew not a note, yet seemed the
soul of it all. With his little stick he seemed
to play on all the pipes and horns and drums.
The -music, soft as velvet, Bwoet as honey,
sparkling as the morning dew, seemed to drip
in showers and dash in torrents from his fin
gers. The elfs of sweet sound would hurry out
and laugh at his beck, or run away and hide
in silence at his bidding. With that magic
little wand he seemed with a touch to break
the air into a mass of glittering diamonds and
fling them at the feet of any wno would take
them. He made us all rich with, the shining
treasures.
"I thought I learned some lessons from the
band. We would all best submit to leadership,
or, if you please,' to dictatorship, some timep.
The splendid music never would have been
possible if each individual player had not sub
mitted his judgment and tastes to the leader,
so far as the work in hand was concerned.
Suppose we should all submit as implicitly to
Christ in our religious work. How discords
would be hushed! How the warring of factions
would cease! How God would take the single
isolated notes and braid them into the
triumphal march of a church whose faith
should grasp the conquest of the world, and
whose skill would soon accomplish it."
LIBRARY EXAMINATION.
Thirty-Threo Applicants Contest for
Positions of Asni*tants.
The examination for two assistants in
the Public Library was held yesterday in
the City Hall. As many as thirty-three'
youpg women entered and went through
the examination from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
School Principals Mann and O'Connor
and Librarian Clark were the examinees.
They acted according to civil service rules,
which kept the identity of the contestants
secret. Papers covering arithmetic, his
tory, geography and literature' were pre
sented, and occupied the young ladiea all
the day.
In addition to this test about eight of
the best competitors will have to undergo
two weeks' probationary , service in: the
library. '?. ::'. \ ; .
The names of the competitors were not
given out, and it will not be known who
the successful ones are for two or three
days at least, by which time the examin
ing' committee will have passed upon the
examination papers.
NEW TO-DAT.
.■■-.• - x V^ BSFA/ *e o
DOCTOR_SWEANY.
WHY
Ii Dr. Sweany acknowledged as SAN FRAX.
CISCO'S LEADING and MOST SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALIST?
BECAUSE
His reputation has been established by effect-
ing CURES OF CHRONIC DISEASES in MEN
and WOMEN where other physicians of ac-
knowledged ability had failed.
FACTS ARE STUBBORN THINGS.
Doctor Sweany successfully treats all chronio
diseases of the Head, Throat, Lungs, Heart,
Stomach, Liver and Kidneys, disorders of the
Bladder, Rupture and Piles. ■ AI,L PRIVATE
DISEASES are permanently cured so that
there will be no relapse in the future.
THE FIRST THING TO DO
In order to get cured of the distressing ills re-
sulting from NERVOUS DEBILITY AND
SEMINAL WEAKNESS, which unfit you for
marriage, study and the every-day duties of
life and make your very existence miserable,
is to cast aside all false modesty and place
yourself under . the treatment of this noted
Specialist. Troubles of this character are of an
insidious and hiditen nature, but they invari-
ably result in IMPOTENCY, PARALYSIS
SOFTENING OF THE BRAIN and INSANITY
and the victim should secure proper treatment
while there still is time. Doctor Sweany'g. ex-
perience in treating such diseases has been
worldwide. He has cured thousands of others
and CAN CURE YOU. It is a part of judgment
and sense to seek Doctor Sweany first instead
of squandering time and money upon the
uncertainties of patent medicines and picayune
specialists.
THE POOR who call at his office on Friday
afternoons are welcome to the Doctor's valu-
able services free of charge.
WRITE
Your troubles if living away from the city
Thousands are cured at. home by correspond-
ence and medicines, sent them.. Doctor
Sweany's patients will get all the advantages
of experience ana travel in Europe, with dili-
gent study in her best Medical Institutions
Letters are answered in ENGLISH; ■ FRFN'CH*
GE R^cIiF ALIAK SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN
and DANISH. . ,-
Office hours-9 a. m. to 12 m., 2 to 5 and 7 to
Bp. m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only. Address
F. L. SWEANY, IYL D
737 M«ket Street, Opposite Examiner
Office, San Francisco, Cal. ■
*-- ' •PLAYED THE DUMMY ACT.
How a Sixteen -Year- Old Boy
Deceived a Community for
Six Months.
CREATED A DECIDED SENSATION.
Suspected of Fraud in a Montana
Mining Camp the "Deaf-Mute" Is
Tested by Neck-Stretching.
COLFAX, Wash., Feb. 13. -This town
has experienced a decided sensation
within the past fortnight, and the young
bloods and poker sharps hereabout are
now commiserating one another on their !
common failings and follies. The story in
trie rreruises is novel and rich. *Six
months ago a deaf-mute swung from a
brake beam of an Oregon Short Line
freight train into Colfax. He was about!
16 years of age and not bad looking; and I
■when he confronted a citizen with a tablet !
snd a pencil and scratched down the tale I
" While playing dummy I profited often by tips that were not intended for my ears."
of his sad affliction, his poverty, and his I
eagerness to lind employment, it is no
wonder that the charitably inclined resi
dent became the champion of the unfor
tunate youth, and was instrumental in
obtaining employment for him.
The youngster realized the answer to
his desires for a bread-winning occupation
in the black-art department of a bristle
chasing establishment. The barber's
patrons jestingly expressed the hope that
the deaf-mute would some day wield the j
Damascus blade and camels-hair brush of !
the tonsorial expert, and finish up a job of !
trimmine, shaving, shampooing, singeing •
and curling in a reasonable period of
time without frequently stopping to re
peat last year almanac joKes and snicker
over them in the patron's face.
Colfax's age and youth had a world of
fun and merriment at the expense of the
deaf-mute. They called him all sorts of
comical names, and scolded and criticized
him in a way that no boy with the faculty
of hearing would endure for a moment.
The more sage of the inhabitants would
sometimes observe that "it was lucky for
Brown and Smith that the bootblack" was \
Etone aeaf, for he'd Bmr^li the head of one
or both of them if he knew what shameful
things were said of him by Smitn and
Brown."
Hut the poor boy went on polishing
Bhoes, totally oblivious to the fact that he !
was a target for all the variegated aDuse !
and unlovely tongue-thrusts of the smart
counter-jumper and the brazen-faced card
sharp.
The deaf-mute, however, became popu
lar among the townspeople. Of evenings
he frequented cirdrooms and indulged in
the gambling habit to an extent limited
only by bis means. Smart clerks and
tricky card-players put up jobs on
"dummy." They would engace h:m in a
t»oker game, and their friends, stationing
themselves at the hack of "dummy's"
chair, would overlook the deaf-mute's
hand and call out the measure of its
BtrengLh. '"Dummy," somehow, played in
luck. The odds of the dishonest practices
were admittedly against him, but, never
theless, once in a while his hand would,
somehow, escape the scrutiny of the pry
ing eyes at his back, and "dummy" would
fall in for a winning. When t;.e deaf
mute captured a "pot" his fellow-playera
applied base epithets to him, but he
merely continued to smiie cis seemingly
perpetual smile. Compliments and "cuss
words" were all the same to him, because
he couldn't hear.
Six months after the deaf-mute struck
Colfax, or about a fortnight ago, he sud
denly dropped out of the community. He
left "between two days," and did not leave
empty-handed. The townspeople " were
naturally shocked to learn that the inno
cent-looking youth who could neither
speak nor bear, who was always so willing
to do whatever service he was signaled to
perform, and who appeared to be so con
tented with his Colfax lot, had vanished
from the scenes that had known him for j
haif a year— baa vanished simultaneously |
v.ith his employer's stock of razors,
brushes, cosmetics and patent headwasb.
Now the barber is a sort of a Sherlock
Holmes on a small scale. When he dis
covered that "dummy" and the shop sup
plies were gone he was hot, and some
of the words that passed his lips may have
Ringed the drooling hairs of his mustache.
He bathed his head and became cool;
with coolness came deliberate thought,
and, as a*result of djliberation, the master
of strop and clipper sought the Sheriff of
Whitman Count\*and poured his tale of
woe into that official's ear. The rieeing
"dummy" was located by desciption at the
village of Garfield, ten miles distant. The
barber was deputized to arrest him. Upon
arriving at Garfield about the lirst person
lie ran across was "dummy,' ' who, to the
barber's utter amazement, was with glib
tongue seeking to induce a tradesman to
purchase the stolen articles.
"Charlie Shultz, I want to see you," ex
claimed the barber, recovering' from his
surprise.
"Don't know you," replied the deaf
mute. "My name is not Bnultz. do
you want of me?"
The barber flashed the warrant for "dum
my s ' arrest and laid hold of the articles
in the prisoner's possession. The boy
sv.ore that he had never been in Colfax,
and claimed that he had a twin brother
who was a deaf-mute; but Shultz was
taken to Colfax, where a magistrate
charged him with grand larceny.
"\ our Honor," said the late deaf-mute,
"if you'll produce anybody who will swear
that these tools and things are .worth over
$oO I'll plead guilty to grand larceny."
As a result of the boy's keenness he was
allowed to plead guilty to petty larceny.
The other day in the County Jail at Col
fax Shultz informed your correspondent
that lie tiad played the "deaf-mute" game
in a dozen cities.
"I have won at cards," he said, "simply
by profiting by the talk carried on by
smart persons behind me who were cran
ing their necks to give my liana away to
players bent on doing me up.
"The 'dummy' business came very near
winding up my career, though, in a Mon
tana mining camp," continued Shultz, as
he assumed a comfortable position in his
bunk. "The miners pitied me, I suppose,
and helped me a good deal, too. I worked
around one camp for some time at odd
jobs, and I gambled there witli fellows
who cracked bad jokes at my expense,
but I won games by keeping ears open,
mouth shut and eyes staring in one direc
tion. The least unwary movement of the
eye would give me away. 1 profited so
! often by tips that were not intended for
I my ears that the shrewd miners finally
suspected me. Possibly somebody heard
me snore in my sleep, or even talk in my
sleep. At all events a gang captured me
j one night, placed a rope around my neck,
and escorted me to a tree with a lynch law
| history a short distance from the settie
i merit.
" 'Speak, now, or we'll string you up to
j that tree,' said the leader, with an oath.
"I thought to myself, 'It I speak now
! they'll hans me, sure; so I'd Better take
j chances of hanging as a dummy.' I
clinched my teeth.
'"Speak, or up you go,' yelled the
leader. I paid no attention to him, only
stared around, wonderiugly, as it were.
"The noose tightened. Suddenly I was
drawn slowly up inro the air. I was Jet
down again and enjoined to speak, but I
stayed with my »ame,
"They gave me another Jift into the air
and then released me, with a fair warning,
written and spoken, to quit that camp
without dela3\ I couldn't quit those parts
too speedily to suit myself.
"lJurinc my six months in this town I
have heard more things than would be
possible for a man who was known to have
his voice and hearing. It requires some
pretty fair acting to be a successful 'deaf
mute,' in spite of ali the slurs and flings
and abuse heaped by people on such an
unfortunate. For one thing you find out
what fools some people are."
Charley fihultz is the "hero" of the jail
in which he is serving out his sentence,
and many erstwhile smart people, espe
cially among the young bloods and sports,
are now, as a matter of course, more mod
est and re erved. The next "deaf-mute"
who comes to town will be regarded with
caution, and may be treated with respect.
CLEVEE SHOPLIFTERS.
Two Arre«ted and Identified by Several
of Their Victims.
For some weeks past two shoplifters, a
colored man and a wbjte man, have been
operating, particularly in tailor-shops and
clothing-stores, and about twenty com
plaints have been received at police head
quarters-
They would enter a store and while
one would pretend to make a purchase his
companion would sneak off with some ar
ticle or articles held underneath his over
coat, which he had placed conveniently
near on entering.
Detectives Gibson and Wren were de
tailed on the case, and they suspected
Thomas Johnson, a colored man, and Wil
liam Garratt. They left the City and went
to San Jose, but returned Friday night
and were arrested.
Yesterday they were identified in the
City Prison by R. Finking. 341 Kearny
street, who lost a bolt of cloth : A. Koberts,
1000 Stockton street, six pairs of trousers;
Wall Chung, 729 Washington street, a bolt
of cloth ; R. Lubeck, 651 Clay street, a shot
gun; Jacob Shens, 653 Washington street,
ten pairs of trousers; H. Cohen, Grant
avenue and Sutter street, four pairs of
trousers; and A. Noble, Broadway and
Stockton street, a bolt of cloth. Charges
of petty larceny will be booked against
them.
Culhreth's Arrest.
Koberth E. Culbreth says that his arrest was
nothing more nor less than a piece of spite work.
Mr. Culbreth holds a receipt for the Argus of
February 3 as evidence that he could not have
procured the papers unlawfully. He promises
to have his accuser arrested for perjury when
the cube conies up next week.
Dr. Martyn on Methods.
Dr. Carlos Martyn has been engaged to lec
ture at tnc various Chautauqua assemblies of
the State the coming summer. He will also be
employed by the Women's Christian Temper
ance Uniou at its School of Methods at Faciiic
Grove. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
CARPENTERS IN DEBATE.
An Interesting Mass-Meeting for
the Benefit of the
Craft.
Several Suggestions as to How the
Laboring Man's Condition Can
Be Improved.
Two weeks ago the District Council of
Carpenters and Joiners called a niass
meeting of carpenters, union and non
union men, for last evening. The meeting
was held last evening, according to the call,
at 117 Turk street, but there was not the
number present that was expected. How
ever, what was lacking in numbers was
made up by enthusiasm.
J. E. McYicker, president of the District
Council, called the meeting to order and
was selected as the chairman. He stated
that the purpose of the gatheiing was to
discuss matters of benefit to the trades
unions. He introduced the carpenters'
district organizer, E. L. Malsbury, who in
speatdng of the gathering not being up to
expectations said:
We have a membership sufficient: to fill the
floor and the gallery— over 1500 inemr>ors.
When I called ihe lirst mass-meetiug last April
we had even less than we have to-night. After
that mass-meeting about six men were mi
! tiated and from thnt time to the present the car
penters' membership rolls have been increas
ing rapidly and steadily. What we vim for is
a better condition of our craftsmen. We have
already obtained a $3 a day rate and an eight
hour working rule. We will demand $3 50 as
a minimum on April 1. We have, as I said,
between 1400 and 1500 men, but there are
still between 300 and 400 carpenters who are
not in the unions. I would impress upon you
all the importance of getting every carpenter
into the unions. Once you get these men in
■with you and you will be able to secure our old
rate of wages of ■$.'{■ 50 a day. We wish to give '
, the contractors plenty of notice so they will
not be the losers on contracts they make for
the spring.
R. T. Mclver of the Painters and Deco
rators' Union made the speech|of ttie even
ing. He attributed the unhappy condition
of the laboring classes to their own coward
ice and apathy in not standing up and
lighting for their rights, instead of letting
the unprincipled manipulators steal little
by little even the very bread from their
mouths.
He said that the carpenters are not en
thusiastic enough in building up their
trade. They seem to feel that they are al
ready well organized. They do not feel
the suffering in the community caused by
their apathy. Without organization the
workingmen are helpless. These remarks,
he said, apply to all trades unions. Mr.
Mclver added:
I believe in the boycott and in the strike
when well applied and judiciously used; but
like the boomerang in the hands of the un
skilled they will come back and strike the
striker. In the hands of the skilled marksman
the weapon brings down the enemy, and so
with the strike and boycott. What you lack is
discipline and unity in your efforts and pur
poses. The skilled workmen are better paid
than any other class, but what are we doing
for those on the outside? Women ar.d girls,
pale, i!l-clothed, ill-fed, working for $3 a week
— what are we doing for them? Look at the
little children selling papers and working long
hours — what are we doing for them? Nothing,
and we are to blame for this all. Nor is this all.
Look at the hundreds of labor-saving inven
tions. These have driven thousands out of
employment. When will your time come and
what will you do when your time comes? You
must take in and organize both skilled and
unskilled. You must cease this apathy and
fight for your rights and the rights of your
neighbors. . ■ ■ •
In discussing matters of political econo
my Mr. Mclvei asked how many men pres
ent own their own horn^s. Only one man's
hand was raised arjd he admitted that the
home is not paid for yet, whereupon the
speaker said that the very men who build
homes are homeless,. and because they are
all cowards and are afraid to fight shoulder
to shoulder for the rights of all.
it is, he said, a class war that the labor
ing men must wage against those who
have robbed them. This must be done or
the laboring, classes will go lower down,
and they have gone lower in a short time
than ever before in the history of • man
kind. This can be accomplished by at
tending to the selection of those' wno
make the laws. It can be done by the
ballot and he hoped that violence would
' not be necessary.
W. H. Hutchinson, president of the Car
penters' and Joiners' Union No. 483, made
a few remarks, in which he referred to the
benefit all workmen derive from the vic
tories won by those who are organized, and
said that those who are benefited should
assist in the battles.
Henry Meyers, also of the union, spoke
of the evils of unrestricted immigration
and of the recent manifestation of interest
in the general labor movement. Meyers
said : "
, '- If the labor movement enthusiasm Is kept ;
up something will break loose in San Fran
cisco before very long. In tne past, while we
have won a few boycotts and strikes, still we
have not won' a single victory over those
who are interested in trusts. There is only
one way of winning our rightß, and that is by
the liberal and intelligent use of the ballot.
A while ago the great masses of the people de
manded an eight-hour law, and we got it.
This shows can be done by the organized
itiL'vr. Butwliat aas all that amounted to
This law has been violated until it is a dead
letter on our lav books.
P. H. McCarthy, the president of Car
penters' Union No. 22, stated that he be
lieved that there would have been a larger
attendance if the members of the craft had
been pr. perly notified. He said that while
capitalists are all right, they have no right
to pursue the course they are at present,
for they are dragging the lives out of the
bodies of thousands of workinarnen.
Henry Schadt of No. 483 made a neat ad
dress upon the aims and objects of trades
unionism.
District Organizer Malsbury stated that
there will be another mass-meeting within
a week or two that will call out all of the
craft, as several live topics will be on the
carpet for discussion.
LIVELY IN THE SOUTH.
Editor Selkirk on the Big Orange Yield
and the Kusli of Eastern
People.
W. A. Selkirk, editor and proprietor of
the San Bernardino Sun, is at the Lick.
Mr. Selkirk is one of the best known jour
nalists of California. He says tbat within
the last two months business has materi
ally improved in the southern part of the
State. There has been a steady rush of
people. They have been investing consid
erably and money has grown more plenti
ful. Moreover, there is a good crop of
oranges and otber fruits.
In the high ground around Redlands,
Highlands and similar towns the oranges
are in excellent condition. There was no
frost, whatever. Even tomato vines grow
ing within three or four inches of the
ground were not injured. Mr. Selkirk has
taken pains to get reliable reports of the
condition of the oranges from the various
districts. He says much pains is being
taken by the growers in boxing the citrus
fruits, so as to make them as attractive as
possible.
"Good orange land, with trees that in a
year or two will be in full bearing, may be
bought there now at from $200 to $;JOO an
acre," said Mr. Selkirk, "and a man with
say fifteen acres of this land will have a
very handsome income. I know one man,
a Mr. Cousin of Ohio, who bought such an
orchard eight years ago, and he recently
averaged $500"au acre for his crop, which
for one year is pretty good. Of course, he
had some expenses, but he must have had
$200 to $300 an acre as a profit, at least.
"San Bernardino is in a more prosperous
condition than it has been for a long lime.
Generally speaking, the whole of Southern
California is."
Mr. Selkirk will only lie here a few days.
He will probably go on to Sacramento be
fore returning south.
Potrero Democratic Club.
Democratic Ciuo No. 1 of the Thirty-third
Assembly District met Friday evening in Man
nerbund Hall, Twenty-fourth street and Po
trero avenue. J times B. Hughes presided.
Organizing of branch clubs in the Potrero and
South San Francisco was discussed and the
choir appointed Charles Dugan, George Buttler
and James B. Hughes as a committee to organ
ize the Potrero, and Henry Birbe, Patrick Har
rington and George K. Code ior South San
Francisco. The canvassing committee was in
structed to meet once a week for consideration
of applications for membership. A constitu
tion and by-laws were adopted.
Fire in a Dwelling.
An alarm of fire was turned in through box
195 last evening at 9 o'clock for a small blaze,
caused by sparks, on the roof of a dwelling
house occupied by A. Henning at 628 Lombard
street. The building was damaged to the ex
tent of about $10.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The general plane of values at the close of the
wceic was rathPr lower than at the close of the
preceding week, but me depreciation during the
six days was insiKnificant. Indeed, there Is noth
ing at the momeut to affect the market one way or
the other, and until the mines show some develop
' ment there is not much likelihood of a mcrket.
The Crown Point, Julia and Ijidy "Washington
assessments fall delinquent in hoard to-morrow.
The Alta, Justice and Onion Consolidated assess
ments will be delinquent in oflice to-morrow.
The California Mlnms: Company of Xevada
County has levied an assessment of 2 cents per
share, deliuquent March 12.
The annual meeting of the Standard Con. takes
place to-morrow.
A tele;ram from Superintendent Lyrnan of the
Con. Cal, & Va. stated thai tlie output ot the mine
{or the pbtweek had been 195 tons, assay $38 58
per ton. . • • ' ■-. ■
Aetna Consolidated Quicksilver Mining Com
pany has declared dividend 5 of 10c per share,
payable March 2. '_': ;: ; v •
Following Are tlie Highest Prices Daring
the rast Week.
Stock. Mon. Tues.iWeU.Thrs. irl. | Sat.
Alpha... 18 15 36 151 16 14
Alia ,06 07 05l 15 16 14
! Andes 1H 18 10 16 15j 1«
I Bel<-her 27 27 27 '21 28 25
Best & Belcher.. -HO 7» 79 7.9 81j 79
Bodie 35 35 35; S5
Bullion 16 lb 15 14 181 12
Bulwer 15...... 1* 15 16 15
t'aledonla....'. 07 07 03
Challenge 401 43 „40 41 39 38
Chor.ar 65 60 67 ' bti 6f> 65
' Con. Cal. & Va. . 2.10 2.05 2.05 2.05 2.00 2.05
Confidence 1.10 1.10 1.10 1.05 1.00 1.00
Crown Point.... 20 SO 19 18 18 18
Oould <fe Curry. 43 42 41' 43 42 41
! llalo N'orcroaj 1.20 1.20 1.20 1.25 1.25 1.20
i Mexican 60 61 69 58 57 69
1 Mono 14 1 ! '
Ophir 1.35 1.30 1.25 1.35 1.28 1.80
Overman 18 17 16 J6 16 15
Occidental 1.10 1.10 1.10 1.10 1.05 67
Potosi.. 54 65 64 54 6? 52
Bava*e 52 52 49 "48j 60 48
Beg. Belcher.... 08 09 08 09! 08 07
Sierra Nevada.. 42 42 i'! ISa 42 41
Union 35 SB 33 .34 65 66
Utah 11 10 08 10 14 VI
Yellow Jacket.. 42 45 41 4l| 33 40
BOAItD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Btocc Eoard yesterday:
irnrLAK iiohmvh BF,s«iTr>N- covvtototxi* <»: 30.
300 Andes.. 15 550 CC&V...2.05 100 Occidtl...
aOO 16 300 C Point... 17|100 9tj
100 8e1cher....25 O «fc C......41 201) V JaCKi...4O
100 B <t iJ....7bi200 Justice. ...ll|
Following were tho sales la the Paclflc Stock
Board yesterday: < ■
EEon.tn hwthv- 1O:Ti.
400 A1nna.....14 100CC&V2.02y 2 100 Occld 98
600 Alta 15600 2.06100 97
300 Andes 16300 2.07V2J1000 96
400 8e1cher....28 500 C Point....! b 500 Ovrmn 16
600 B<fcß 400 Exchqr... .o7 400 I'oiosi ' 53
300 . ...79 600 0 <fc C.....41 600 Savaze.... 47
1:00 Eodle 35 300 1.22W lf.oo Hcormono2
300 8u11i0n. ...13 600 Julia 03 700 SB&J1 08
200 Bui wer... Justice....!] 600 SNev. 41
400 Ca1eda.... 08:400 Ken1ck....06 1000 Sil Hlli'oi
300 Challne...3B 300 Mexican.,sß 400 Union cV.63
IQO ...39 200 Mono 14130U Utah. "'l3
400 Cn0uar....64 Ophirl.27l/' 1200 . '2
300 63 900 ......... 1.30(300 YJack'et ° 40
160 C0nn.1.02V2l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Feb. 15-12 v.
Sirt.AlKfd. -Bltl.Aiktd
Alpha C0n..... 13: 14' Jackson 40 60
Alta. 14 16 Julia. ... _ 02
Andes .-16 Justice .10 11
Belcher... 24 - 25 BentucK. ... .. 05 07
Beat <fc Belchee. 78 •80 Lcdy Waau.... _ oi
BentonUon.... — 40 Mexican " bs 60
Bodle 35 —Mt. Diablo. . 15 vo
Bullion 12 18 M0n0. ......... _ 15
Bulwer „ 15 — Nevada U'ueei — 05
Caledonia...... 06 08 Occidental 97 b«
CoallengoCoa. 38 40 0phir...:...."i.i>5 Iho
Chollar 62 63Overman.. 15 "17
Con. Cal. Va. 00 2.06 P0t0m... .....'.'. 61 62
Con. lmpenai. 01 02^b>avatte. .48 «q-
Confldence .v 1.00 .1.05 Belcuor!.. 07 O'J
Con.New Yoric. — 08, Sierra Nevada. 41 42'
Crown Poim... 17 IKScorpion.- 02
KastSierra^iav — ■ '04 Silver iilU..l^l — 02
Exchequer...i. 06 07 Syndicate...... 02 * —
Eureka C0n.... 25 - r — Union Co 54 5;,
(iould it Curry. 41 42 Utah... ...... \\ y
Hale«tJNorcrs.l.2o 1.26 Yeliow Jacket. SO 40
lowa — 04|
STOCK AND BOX!) EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Feb. 15-10:30 a v.
l-NITEI) BTATKB BOND!
Sld. «Wccd.\ BiiL Asked.
D S 4s c0up. .10914110 - |rj 84s 1091/4110
■:• : MI»CIiLLANKni:9 BON'Di
Cal.stCbless.llo — . IDo. 2d Iss 6s. — _
CalElecL6s.lO6 — P&OKy6s.los 120
CntraCW6s. — 100 P<fc Ch Kv65.1023^10ß
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 85 Pwl-st.RK6s. — 1161 A
EdsnJL&P 65.108V4 — Reno.WL&L _ 105
F&CHKK6s.iO6y a — KiverW Co6s — 100
Geary-3tßss. — 105 - SactoP & 1... 100 1023/ i
Ix>sAneJj6s. — 101 SF<SNPRRSsIO()iiIOOVi
Do,Gnted.6s.loiy lo3 - hPRKArizBa y3V-, 85 Va
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - — f BPRRCaIBs.. — 109 V«
DoßyConss.. — 109 ' SPRRCaISs.. — 97U,
NevCNgßßs. — 100 SPBrRCaI6a. 96SA 97i/»
NPCltltes. - 104 BVWaterßs..l2lT/a —^
NRy Cal 63. — 104 bVWater4s._ »9i/4 »9Va
By Cal 6s. — 103 - Stkm«»fcK6slO2 103 V«
Oak Oas 65.. — 104 V' SunstT<tT6s. 100 ' v.
Do. 2d Iss ss. 102 105V IButter-stR5». —
Omnibus 65.. H9Vi — IViaaliaWCtia — 9-J
PacKoUMtts.. - - I ■■\ ■
WAT STOCK
Contra Costa 40 -47V^lSan Jose.... — " 95 -
Maria C 0 .... 49 ba lßpring VaUey Otj^ 87 l A
'-■. ' '"■'■ ■■■■'-■■■■ ' ■ ■-"'.' ■ ■ rV^tA'A.
CAR STOCKS.
CRp1ta1....... _ 39 PaclflcLight. 46i/ a —
Central..... 95 — |KanFrancsco 72Vs 21/ a
OakGL&H. 41 .-R ll4 Stockton..... — 21%
PacUaaiuip. 7«y 2 79 |
•/":}■ ~. '.-■: '■ INSURANCE STOCKS. , ! ' " ; >^"-
FiremansFd.l6o . 170 |Sun ......... 60 —
' COMUKUIMAL. BANK fiTOCKS. • . -/
Amerß&TO. — — |LondonP*A.l2B3A —
Anglo-Ual... 581,4 — |Lomlon«fcSF. — SO
Bank of Ca1.. 231 240 lilereh Ex.... la —
CaISD&TCo.. 57 673 / 4|Nevada . — —
FirstNatlonl.l77 180 ' (Katlier B Co- — —
rangers .':.. — — ' I : .
. ■■■■■-•; ■ - SAVISGS BAXK STOCK! '
GerS<fcLCo..H3s — • ISav&Loan.. — 102 Vi
HumbS&li.lOOO* — ! Security 240 —
Mutual — 41 Dnion Trusc.Boo —
bi' tjavUnion4B2i/a485
■ BTBKKT BAILROATI STOCKi '
■California.... 105% — " Oak.SL&Hay — 100
Geary-5t....: 60 , 70 .. Jl-re51di0...... 4V« —
Murket-5t.... 45 45V4 Sutter-at, — —
POWUIiK STOCK-i.
Atlantic D... 15 — iJudson.. . — —
California.... — 93 IVigonu — 1
Giant......... 16 19 I
Alaska Pkrs. 95i/ 3 - 963/ B ,OceanlcSSCo — 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 . iPacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — Pac I Co. — 30
Edison Light. »7 — Pac Koll Mill iiVVz 4'2Va
tia&ConAssn.' — . — ParfPaintCo. tis/s 7Va
Gtr leartco. 85 89 ! PacTrauaCa — 24
Kav.C&SCo.. 14V> I PacT&'''Oo KO —
HutchSPCo.. 16y 8 Iti SunsetT&T.. 41 —
JudßonMfgC. — — VniiedUUu.. — 25
MerExAssulOO 110 I
moi!\is:i BF.ssrov
Board— so Hiuvaiinn Commercial, 14i/>: 70
Hutchinson S P Co, 15:4: 100 Market-st Kaiiway,
45: 100 a X Gaslight, 7-14: 8 a F Suviuss Union,
48-2 VaJ 0,000 S F it $" P Kaiiway Bonds, 100 l/ 8 .
NEW TO-DAY.
THAT
MEANS ,'
1
1000
Business
Cards
CHEAP PRINTERS •
• HAVE CUT PRICES,
AND WE WILL
SEE THEIR RAZE
AND GO 'EM
FOUR BITS BETTER!
Other
Commercial
Work
at
, Correspondingly
Low
. Prices.
J. C. HOWE,
, COMMERCIAL PRINTER,
636 - CLAY STREET = 636
Telephone Main 5989.
NE"W TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
t&H^r £k.\ f* A "7 jSk D
3IATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
THE WHITE SLAVE!
"It does the heart good to hear an old-time plan-
tation jubilee." — Oaasina Clay.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c.
Night Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc
Monday— Grand Scenic Production
THE GEE AT FAUST!
GROVE-ST. THEATER
(Bet. Polk and Van Ness).
VETERAN Gui'D, G. A. R.!
SPLENDID COMI'ANY! —
: AT ACTIVE BILL,!
Commencing MONDAY, February 17.
Monday ...» T C. f
?»^:;Er::::::::::::::V & I
?X^:::::::::;::::::::TWO OF A KIM
Saturday.... .riTlf AT THE BRISTOL
Sunday :..rtil "il X ll£i DltlolvL
SATURDAY MATINEE S -
PRICES- — -lOc, 20c, 30c, 50c.
ORPHEUM.
O'F«rrell Street, Between .Stocttoo aal Pa vsll.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), FEB. 16.
' Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
A Aew List of Vandeville MaWcs!
THE PANTZER BROS.,
THE GARRISONS,
WALTER Si ANTON,
N TINA CORRI,
RACHEL WALKER,
CARROLL JOHNSON,
BILLY CARTER, Etc.
CALIFORNIA THEATER— Extra.
■ Al Hayman & Co. announce
Tn Four (4) Piano Kecitals at 2:30 o'clock on
MONDAY AFTERNOON ...... „.... February 17
WEDNESDAY - AFTEKXOON ...... .February 19
FKIDAY AJTTEKNOON ..February 21
And at the BALDWIN THEATEK
SUNDAY JEVEXTNG........ February 23, at 8:15
PRICES: 99, S3. *5, according to location.
£3" Seats for afternoons at Sherinan, Clay It
< o.'s.
JB3- Seats for Bunday night ready at Baldwin
Theater box-office TUESDAY at 9 a. m.
Stelnway & Son's Piano used at all the Paderew-
ski recitals. '
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Friedlander, Gotllob & Co., .Lessees and Managers
[corinne
THE PEEEBXESS QUEEN
■ ■■-*■■--: ■■ ■ 'iy
"HENDRICK HUDSON JR."
, A Truly Great Spectacle.
FRED EMERSON BROOKS.
FRED EMERSON BROOKS,
The California Poet, and
J. WILLIAMS MACY,
.. . ' uThe Buffo-Basso and Humorist, v
Will give one oi' their unique entertainments at the
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM,
■ ; ... Mason and Ellis streets, v •
TUESDAY EVENING, 1 Feb. 18, at : 8 o'clock.
JLasf appearance of these Humorists tn San
Fraocisco tiiia season. Admission, iio cents.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
B\i£ $ AU nAYrWN IjAST IXTIGrHTS
•nTHEMTRe *l PROPS. opera jsasASoaxr :
Besinning TO-MORROW, Last Two Matinees
MONDAY...... February 17 WEDNESDAY and SATI'IU>A V.itt. $1, 75c. 50c
lositively farewell weej£. (Jood-by performance Saturday night, February 'Z'i
The famous MARIE
__. " ' ' '
Under the Direction of CHAS. H. PRATT.
Repertoire, Including the Company's Greatest Productions:
M0nday....;...... HUGUENOTS Thurs-iav FAUST
Great cast— Tavary, Lichter, Tomlins, Guille, Lichter, Tomlins, Guille, Kugene and Abramoft
Eugene, Abramoft 1 , bchuster. in cast.
Tuesday (first time) .7!777 LOHEXGRIN Pr , flnv ipimnunnni
Tavary. Tomlins Clnrltp "Fiktpiip - Ahrimnff -fcr'aay TANMIAUSEIt
Schulter and Sevens in casu Eage&e> Abramoff ' T.vary. Lichter, Clarke. Eugene, Abramoff,
■ ZS ' . i Schuster and Stevens.
Wednesday Matinee (a great bill) ..... 1 nrr^x-rvv:
Popular prices SjU, 75c, 50c /• aut ** NU * N
Tliea JJorro. Lichter, Tomlins, Clarke, AbramoS Saturday Jlatinee •> r »-p MFV
and Stevens in cast. -' I'opular prices $1, 75c, 50c/ ™™" 1 "
;,; ■. ' : ' .-iv Thca Dorre. Lichter, Clarke, Schuster and Eu-
Wednesday night LUCIA di LAMMERMOOR gene in ca3t. .
V ' -asp-
Double bill.. CAVAI.LKKI KUSTICANA Saturday night Farewell
Tavary. Lichter, Tomlins. Guille, aarke, Eu- Great double bill. Entire company in cast.
gene, Abramoff, Schuster and Stevens. , , TBQVATOKK and • PAGLIACCT
■
Sunday night, February 23 Piano Recital 1 Monday..... ....February 24
PADEREWSKI. | FREDERICK RDE.
BALDWIN THEATER-SPECIAL.
ANNUAL ENGAGEMENT OF THE FAVORITE ACTOR,
FREDERICK WARDE,
AND HIS CELEBRATED COMPANY.
TWO WEEKS, *ffiBSß2^* FEBRUARY 24
In Magniiicent Scenic Productions of Classic Komance and Tragedy.
3F\i.:rsrt V^eeli-noinarLce !
MONDAY, WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY EVENINGS ana SATURDAY MATINEE, d'Ennery's
. Romantic Drama,
, "THE iwaccDxraMTJSEt^auiwEc:-"
TUESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENlNGS— Carleton's Picturesque Venetian Love Story,
"T33:E:IjIOKr'S MOUTH."
SATURDAY EVENING— OnIy Performance of Sheridan Knowles 1 Tragedy, Mr. Warde's Masterpiece,
* • -\7-IH.C3-I3XriXJS. "
SECOND WEEK-GRAND PRODUCTIONS OF TRAGEDY.
SALE OF SEATS COMMENCES THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20.
CALIFORNIA THEATER, c "
THE FAVORITE TRAGIC ACTOR,
mC H s-H r^, |—^
THOMAS FVt^i^l l| 1""^
Continuing His Superb Presentations of Classic and Shakespearean Drama.
To-Night (Sunday) ...... FLIQH 111
i _ .
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17 SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Monday "3IERCHAXT OF VENICE" I Friday "OTHKLXO"
Tuesday "KICHAKD ill" | Sat. Mat "MERCHANT OF VKSICE"
Wednesday "KK'HEM U" I Saturday Night "BICHAKD III"
Thursday..; "HAMLET" | hunday "LOUIS XI"
Monday, February 24 - - JoIIyWELLIE McHENRY
,
" -'■-'■;.■■ ' /
n ®* TWO MERRY WEEKS!
[,' BEGINNING MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17.
\ * -w The Charming Comedienne,
Jc» MIPDTM!
lilillli 1 ullmlfll
\ \\\\ //! l-O* X«» an Elaborate Scenic THE
\\\\\ /// &* Production of the Pic- /-* i ■-».
V\ Hi turesque COMEDT- \J L, U
WUm I>KAMA. written by air. I lyr;
\\h£, C. T. Dazey, author of J-IIVIC.
\sf "In Old Kentucky," KILN
One of the Distinct Popular Hits of the Season and the Columbia's
ALWAYS POPULAR PRICES.
]&/ls'it&* / ® / EXTRA!
friiOOK AT rrxiic ]?:ei.xc3E2S!-vi
MOXDAY, FEBRUARY 24= |=ma j u n a ce l es
The First Time In San Francisco for Less Than $1.50.
W. T. CARLETON OPERA COMPANY !
IN BRILLIANT REPERTOIRE.
THE BEST RESERVED SEATS 7 sc. AN EXCELLENT RHSERVED SEAT FOR Ssc.
WEEK OP FEBRUARY 24 Sir Julius Benedict's Romantic Opera, THE
LILY OF KILLARNEY!
First Performance of the Opera in San Francisco.
SPECIAL SCENERY ! INCREASED ORCHESTRA ! CORRECT COSTUMES !
PRlCEs— Orchestra, 75c. Highest Price; Dress Circle, 50c. 35c and 25c; Balcony, 50c, 38c,
25c and sc. Sale commences To-morrow (Monday) at Box- Office.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOKOSCO Sole Lessee and Manazer
TO-MORROW EVENING - - - - MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17,
ANOTHER GREAT ATTRACTION ! ■
John A. Stevens* Picturesque Comedy Drama,
! "WIFE FOR WIFE!"
Produced on an Elaborate Scale and Under New Stage Management.
LOOK OUT ID ARRELL VINTON, Every body's -Favorite, and . ~: ) NEW
FOR THE \ ESSIE TITTELL, the Gifted and Sympathetic Actress. /PRINCIPALS
\ ■'■;:-■;■.
SPECIAL MATINEE ON WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mks. SBHJBBTin Kbeli no, Proprietor & Alauager
TO-NIGHT-LAST NIGHT— — - '■
Of the New American Opera, ...
THE
GENTLE
S-AT<7\A.G!-E !
; TO-3IORROAV EVENING—
■'.. . Electric Production .
Of Yon Weber's Romantic Opera,
"DER FREISCHUTZI"
. .'. Reappearance of the Favorite Artists,
IDA VALERGA-p-and— KATE MARCHL
• Se:its Now on Sale.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc. -
SHOOT THE CHUTES
TRIP THE TROLLEYI
OPEN SUNDAY FKOM 10 A. M. TO 11
P. M.
ROBERT EARLSTON
Will Make a Mile Parachute Drop,
Hanging by His Toes. - -
Admission 10c
Children, including Herry-Go-Round Slide. . . 10c
FIRST BENEFIT CONCERT
, . OF THE • .' •
SATURDAY
MORNING
ORCHESTRA
Under the direction of Alfbed Roncovierx.
AT
- . BIETROFOLITAN TEMPLE.
BIONDAY EVENING, FEB. : 17, 1896.
Reserved seats One Dollar, on sale at Sherman,
Clay <fc Co.'a, on and after Jay, February 13.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
. (Inglesido Track).
. FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(KAIN OR SHINE.) .
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. n.
. ■ . ADMISSION 91. 00. •
Take Southern Faclric trains at Thir4 and Towa-
«end streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. it.
Fare lor .round trip, including admission to graud
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track.
A. B. SPRKCKELS, W. a LEA KE.
President. Secretar/.
2324
IN CHILDHOODS REALM.
A VALENTINE came to me. It is
a beautiful one and is such a
treasure that no matter how
tempting the offer 1 snould be
loath to part with it.
fts purchase price was not high, because
1 know that a certain little bank contained
but a few paltry dimes.
The materials of which my priceless
treasure is woven are only paper, wood and
celluloid.
I do not wonder that you are amazed
when I call it "priceless." The secret lies
"OUR HOSTESS APPEARS AS THE GODDESS OF LOVE."
[From Ilaf] er's R< u nd Ta b V. |
in these three words written across the
box in which it eanie — "To My Mother."
QUITK DIKFKREXT.
little Hobby Bubblejohns
Boiiii'.i! a valentine,
A -ayiy colored comic one,
To send to Kobby Kline.
Then little Bobby laujjliPtl and laughed,
As he never litughfd before;
"'Tis SUCh a funny valentine!"
Sairt ue, and laughed the more.
L ttle l'eter Pepperpodj
Sent to little Bobby
A valentine exactly like
The one Bob sent to Robby.
Then little Bobby Bubblejohns
Grew cross, to jinige by si^ns;
It isn't any fun!" he growled,
"I'm tired of valentines'."
— Youths' Companion.
Martha Washington's Valentine.
A group of merry girls and boys were
talking with Mrs. General Washington
one February evening when one of the
number suddenly inquired: "Did you ever
get a valentine from the President?"
To which came the ready reply. "Of
course I did !" as a conscious smile rippled
over the still beautiful though, now elderly
face.
"And did you ever go to a valentine
party when you were a girl?"
"Why, of course I did," and Mrs. Wash
ington straightened herself more particu
larly in her high-back chair.
"Oh, do tell us all about it I"
And as she responded with a most in
dulgent smile they gathered close to her.
It was night in old Virginia when, for
the entertainment of our visiting friends,
grandmot'.er laid aside her knitting and
glided slowly, stately, gracefully around
the Tjom. She was dancing the minuet.
Unexpectedly my maid entered, bearing
a tray on which was a white envelope
sealed with rose-colored wax, imprinted
with a laughing cupid. I was much em
barrassed at receiving this before so many
curious eyes, and warningly looked at the
girl, but it was too late: indeed, her ready
words made me only the more conspicu
ous.
"I 'member to watch, kase nver sence
dcv here"— with a nod of her head in the
visitors' direction — "young misses mons'us
quiet !"
Fearing she might tecome yet more gar
rulous, I hurriedly asked. "Nancy, did the
carriage return from the King's mill plan
tation?"' and the girl left the room to in
quire.
It was St. Valentine's eve. And who
had sent this beautiful valentine — for
beautiful I knew it was— notwithstanding
that as yet the seal remained unfastened?
Would I open it before all these guests, or
would I make excuse and go in hiding?
Grandmother settled the question by in
quiring, "Valentine, dearie? Many's the
one I got when I wan a pirj."
"I suppose you did, grandma, for you've
DONALD'S QUEER WAY OF GARDENING.
that I was, with a quick rush of the red
blood all over my face, even to the roots of
my hair, "I've heard, too, that her daugh
ter, when at my age, was just the comeliest
maiden possible — so modest, so sensible
and loving, with hair resembling flax,
and cheeks like May blossoms."
These words caused grandmother to
come closer, and scrutinizing my face she
a.sked, :- \Vhy, what's put Mary Ball into
your head, child?" And not waiting for
reply added, "You cannot deceive your
old grandmother. You might as well cive
up now as at any other time." And point
ing to the still unopened valentine, while
told me you were much like your old
friend Madam Ball, and she was a great
belie": and then continuing, foolish child
! looking at the group of visitors, she tan
talizingly sai«l, "Open it, dearie, and see
what (lecrge has sent you."
This was too much "and I fled from the
room.
(i rand mother was right and I knew it, j
for I was learning to know George Wash- j
ington's handwriting, and I was already |
planning how I would tease him when we j
met at the party to be given the following
evening at the Oaklands, to which home i
we were both invited.
There had lately been a wedding at our
bouse — a cousin of my mother was the
, bride— and such a gay time as this excite
i ment had brought. George Washington
was among the guests and I was much
pleased because he danced with me several
times.
Referring to an old Virginia wedding,
there is nothing comparable to it, as the
preparations go regularly on for successive
nights and days — such preparations as
ruffle-crimping, jelly-straining, cocoanut
grating, egg-frothing, silver-cleaning, to
i be ready for guests who arrive a few daya
! before, and, as in our case, remain for* a
week or more afterward. Nor do the
guests arrive alone; they come in their
private carriages, with horses and an army
of negro servants to be entertained. Just
think of the numberless rice-walrles, beat
-1 biscuit, light bread, muffins and laplands
■ to be brought hot on the breakfast table!
j and the ham, dried venison, turkey, fried
chicken, cinnamon cakes, quince manna
■ lade on the tea table! Oh, a wedding
. meant an out-and-out stir in those days!
But our house was a large old place in the
j midst of scenery both lovely and pictur
j esque, and we owned many negroes, wiio
; had been taught all sorts* of work, and
therefore it was easy for us to prepare.
j Indeed, our head cook. Aunt Tamer, was
a character, black and portly, but cleanly
turban ed and white-aproned. • I seem to
hear her now praising her own concoc
'■ tions, and she was especially proud of
I "bakin' de bes' beat-biscuit an' loaf bread."
But I was talking about my valentine
: and the party. Probably because the fete
; of St. Valentine belongs to nearly every
country, and since the fifteenth century it
was exceedingly popular in England and
France, the girls were asked to wear lif- !
teenth-century costume; my dress was of !
the finest white mull, as fine as a spider's ,
I web, and embroidered with lilies-of-the- |
valley. The boys' clothes were in exact i
| copy of old English gentlemen, and they !
; wore long queues tied with black ribbons, !
I wsd'- ruffled shirt fronts, short breeches i
! and knee-buckles. The decorations were j
i eiaboruie— pink roses and rosebuds in
I solid banks of lavishness. Indeed, the
I large square rooms ?»emed transformed '
; into flower-gardens. One exquisite effect
■ was produced with magnolia leaves and I
j wax candles. These leaves formed a cor- i
1 nice to the drawing-room ceiling, and the
candles were so deftly placed that only
the lighted tapers "were seen. They
1 shone like stars on a summer's
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
night, for the dark green gloss on
the large leaves acted as reflectors,
while suspended from the ceiJimr's center
were several rows of pink satin sash rib
bon, each piece hanging so gracefully that
when the ends were fastened about four
feet below the cornice the ceiling was as
effective and beautiful as the most critical
fresco-painter could desire. Where each
end was fastened there was a large bunch
of magnolia leaves and candles assimilat
ing a side chandelier, and in the center of
the ceiling there were magnolia leaves in
profusion.
No sooner was I in the drawing-room
than my friend George Washington gal
lantly advanced and begged me to do him
the honor of being his partner in the co
tillon. After that there followed many
other dances, all of which he would ask
me to dance; but I did not forget he had
sent me a valentine the night before, and,
therefore, I decided to tease him by danc
ing with some of the other boys, especially
with my particularly kind friend, young
Custis.
We had reels, cotillons and schottisches
almost without number; but the dance
just before supper was arranged for the
occasion and called St. Valentine. Our
hostess suddenly appeared in soft, fleecy
white stuff, with spangled wings, as
Venus, the goddess of love, her mother
explained. First dancing one of the plan
tation dances that her old mammy had
taught her, she sang a song about valen
tines; then taking a gilded basket and
coquetting through the drawing-room in
the most graceful of reel steps, she gave a
valentine to each guest. Then again
dancing another of the plantation dances
she as gracefully withdrew.
A few moments later a musician's voice
called, "Choose your partners by match
ing valentines";" and thus again George
Washington advanced, and linding that
his valentine really was the exact counter
part of mine, we waiked to our places in |
the now rapidly forming minuet, and i
altorward we marched together up and
down the rooms and through the wide
halls to supper.
After supper we played several games,
one of which represented prominent char
acters and some not so prominent — for ex
ampip, making believe we were our own
mothers or fathers. In this way Colonel
hall of Lancaster, who was George Wash
ington's erandfather, was taken, and Au
gustine Washington, his father. Geoige
Washington himself took the character of |
George 111, while I took the character of
Betty Washington, his sister. But some
of the other boys and girls preferred rep
resenting Sir Walter Raleigh. Lord Fair
fax, Governor Dinwiddio, Miss Burner,
Hannah Ball, who married Raleigh Trav-
THE GREAT SECRET.
[Reproduced from Youth's Companion.]
ers, of the same blood as Sir Walter
Raleigh, and other titled gentlemen and
women. Those who were to be guessed
decided for themselves who they would be.
Then al! the quests asked questions, to
which correct answer was given. If the
name was not guessed within five minutes
it had to be told, for longer than live min
utes made the game too tedious.
This game was followed by two of the
girls taking seats in the middle of the !
room. They had previously withdrawn j
and put over their pretty dresses queer
looking old shawls, and covered ttioir
chestnut-brown curls with odd -looking
bonnets tied under the chin. Then a cup
of tea was given to each, and looking i»
--[ tently at one another, slowly stirring their
| tea meantime, one exclaimed in a high
pitched voice, "You don't say so!" where
upon our hostess inquired. '"Who can tell i
what these girls represent?" and a number
of voices replied, "Gossip." At this an
swer the girls rose and laughingly threw
aside their shawls and hats.
Then the youngest boy took one of the
chairs made vacant by the eirlg. After
seating himself it was noticed that he put
a big coat over his lap, and making a big
show of threading his needle he diligently
sewed on a button. And the hostess
anked, "What does Charley represent?"
The children could hardly reply for laugh
ing, for the boy looked so demure and in
dustrious; hut after a moment's hesitation
there came the vigorous answer, "A bach
elor."
Then Aunt Charlotte, an old negro
woman, entered; she pretended to be a
fortune-teller. And I afterwards learned
her coming had been all arranged by the
hostess, to whom I had been foolish enough
to tell of the advent of my valentine.
She approached me first, and prostrated
herself, face downwards, on the tioor.
"Why, Aunt Charlotte!" 1 exclaimed, "do
get up."
"Lor", honey, I never specs to see de
greates' ladie in de lan'."
"Well, stand up," was my agitated re
ply, "and explain what you mean."
"Bless de chile! I love to think I'm
some 'count."
"Hurry!" was my impatient exclama
tion, "I can't wait." And all my young
friends were grouped close around, zeal
ously listening for what the old creature
was about, to say.
"I mean you'll make the grandes' mar
riage 'bout here."
"Whom will 1 marry?" were mv now
eager though venturesome words.
"Why, de young mars' who sent you de
valentine."
I was so provoked with myself that I
could have bitten my tongue'off, though,
after all, it was a most natural answer°to
give on St. Valentine's night; and thus
having decided my future, Aunt Charlotte
hurriedly turned to another, and yec an
other, as both boys and girls pressed for
ward for their turn. When she reached
George Washington I listened closely. She
told him he would ride in a coach and six,
and that "we've nuver seen such wondrous
time as 'Mar? George '11 have."
When the fortune-telling was concluded,
I learned that it was already considerably
beyond the time to start home, and there
fore speedily made my adieux; a few
moments later found me in our high
sreuneu carriage rapidly rolling out of the
Oakland grounds.
''And thus ended the episode which I
promised to tell you," said Martha Wash
ington, the wife of the commander-in
chief of the Continental army and Presi
dent of the United States, to the French
officer De Grasse at the oeace bail given in
Fredericksburg.
"Pardon, madam; not ended, but rather
begun," was the courtly response.
"Oh, what a lovely party!" was the ex
clamation from many of the attentive lis
teners. "And why couldn't we repeat it
now?" was the immediate question.
"Indeed I shall," said one of the girls,
with a decided shake of her long curls.
"My very next party will be an old Vir
ginia evening — dresses, dances, games and
ail."— Emma J. Gray in Harper's Round
Table.
DONALD SEKIES^NO. XVI.
fOX Tl>'Y BOYS.
Our funny little boy has made a garden,
and I'm sure never before was garden
made as his, and I feel certain that you
will think just as I do when you read how
he made it.
One day, not long ago, his mamma gave
him a small plat of ground "all for his
very own," and she also gave him a hand
ful of seeds, two kinds, nasturtium and
sweet pea.
As the ground was bo soft alter tht rain,
Donald scon had made many little holes
in his plat, into which he poured his seeds,
leaving them mixed. aLw
The next day the little boy received a
present of a silver dollar, so the very first
time he went uptown after this he spent
j his dollar for a set of garden tools — a rake,
a hue and a spade— with good, long han
dles.
Just as soon as they were delivered Mas
ter Donald went to work. They were tine !
He placed the spade on the ground, put
his foot up on one side of it, pressed hard,
and brought it up just full of dirt. Then
i he turned it over and chopped the dirt
; with the sido of the spade, exactly as he
hrtd seen Patrick, the garener, do.
Well, in a shorter time than I can tell
you, Donald had I -is garden all spaded.
When little "Rags" saw his master
working so hard he wanted to work, too.
So every time Donald turned his bacK the
doggie would dig as fast and as hard as he
could witl< his two front paws and his
shiny nose besides, making the dirt fly ail
over the yard.
Donald did not like this at all. So in
order to keep his mischievous pet from
spoiling his garden he nailed boards all
over the top of it close to the ground.
And now the little boy is waiting for the
plants to appear, and Donald's mamma
wonders if any flowers will ever grow in
that garden, and if they do what kind of
flowers they will be.
Slie thinks, too, that Donald's way of
planting the seeds lirst and dierging up
the ground afterward is a very strange
way in which to make a garden.
lucldents In Childhood's Realm.
(trij:.)
A tired mother was trying to wash her
three-year-old boj's face. Trying, I say.
for every time sponge touched saucy nose
off the little feet scampered, carrying
laughing face far out of mother's reach.
In a moment of despair she said, "Oh,
darling, if you don't be a good boy and
allow me to wash your face, mamma will
get sick and go away ; then papa will bare
to buy you a new mamma." "Umph,'
answered the child, "we can't buy mam
mas, (io'l makes mammas."
A little boy after suying his prayers one
evening turned to his mother with the In
quiry, "Where's Mrs. God?"
One night after a. vain attempt to soothe
her six-year old boy to Slumberland by
singing the rhymes of dear old "Mother
tin,-.'" from first to last, mamma wps re
warded by receiving this very doubtful
compliment: "Oh. mamma, don't you
know you could sing real well if you
could only get the tune."
California's Flower,
Many, many years aj;o, when grandpa
was a little boy, "there lived a 'huge giant.
His name was Lonirlegs, and because some
small boys had made fun of his name he
said that he would
eat any little boy
whom he could find.
One day s a small
boy named Delmore
started for town. He
had not gone very
far when Longlegs
saw him. So on went
Lon^lees' boot and
away he strode afrer
Delmore/' Our little
boy : saw • Longiega
com iq g,' so he
crawlea under a rock
that was near by;
there to hide until
Longlegshad passed.
As Longlegs came
down the road he
made the . earth
shake so much that Delmore was
afraid the rock would fall on him. When
Lonelegs came to the rock under which
Delmore was hidden, he stopped and j
looked around, but he was so tall that he
could not see the rock which was shelter
ing Dolmore. When Longlegs could not
lind Delmore it made him very angry, but
he was obliged to go home without the
boy. As soon as Longlears was gone Del
more ran home to his mamma.
A good fairy had seen all that took
place, and, going up to the rock said,
"Dear rock, because of your kindness to
little Delmore I will reward you by caus
ing to grow near you the most beautiful
flower in fairyland, and it shall be known
all over the* world as the California
poppy." As the fairy said these words
she struck the earth with her wand near
the rock and a beautiful golden flower
sprang up. Since that time we have found
the poppy all over our hills and valleys.
Salinas, Feb. 14. J. M.'X.
A Cradle Song.
Tell me what shall we do, baby bye*
■> on and I?
On some bright suuny day
Let us anil far away,
Far away to the sky", bine and high.
Tell me what we will see, baby bye»
You and I?
All around we will go
On a pretty raiubow,
Far away in the sky, blue and high.
We will hide in the clouds, baby bye.
You and I. • *
We will laugh at the sun,
And awuy he will run,
Till his face disappears from the sky.
O: the man in the moon, baby bye.
You aud I,
We will worry and tense
Till we get him to sneeze
Just to look at the crick in his eye.
-We will say, "Mr. Moon,". baby by#,
You and I,
"is it truo, if you please,
You are made of fjrepn cheese?
Co they nlbDle you up in the sky?"
With the dear lit'le stars, baby bye,
You and I,
As they twinkle and peek,
We will play hide-and-seek
Till we chase them all out of the sky. |
v .v :.;"■, -,:" . —Mall and press.
Puzzlers for Busy Brains.
\ I am a name.
. While it takes just seventeen letters to
spell me, yet I hold 2000 pounds, besides
containing a mountain gorge; something
found in the laundry; a tropical fruit;
one of ths parts of the head; anger; sor
row; strife of nations; place; a wise man;
a degree of temperature; a head covering
and that which is the food of millions.
Please find and number. each word aud
give the entire name.
A term often applied. to Washington.
. Letters and Questions.
All letters containing matter referring to
Washington are reserved tor ■ next Sunday's
Call.
Correct answer to puzzle published Febru
ary 9.
Valentine.
1. evil. ■ 12. vane. ■
2. alien. 13. ale and tea.
8. vat. 14. tile.
4. vain. IB nine and ten.
6. tinn. ■ 16. lane.
' (5. vine. 17. eve.
7. tail. 18. tia.
8. lint. 19. vent.
9. line and net. ; 20. Annie.
10. tale. 21. tan.
11. ant. 22. vaii.
Rebus. ■
ETH HREAFT FO IHB NCYTUOR.
1. A term often applied to Washington.
2. When George Washington was a boy, what
did he »>est like to study
3. How much of a school education did he
receive? •-. . : "; '■:■..■.-■ ..-.
4. Why do you think George Washington
was a groat man? •
•'5. Where is he buried? ■
(i. What custom is followed with reference to
his burial place? JV
Haywards. Cal., Feb. 10, 1 896.
! i My Dear Editor: I thought I would write you
a few lines. lam very much interested in "the
"Childhood's Realm" and I always read it. I
always tear it out and keep it. '
* mow I have enough to make a book of them.
Every Sunday morning as soon as The Call
comes my little sisters* run to get it. I have
two little sisters and three brothers. I have a
cunning little black cat for a pet. I like the
"Donald" series very much. Yours truly,
Alice Johnson, aged 12 years.
My Friend Wiggins.
You should see Wiggins; he is the drollest
fellow imaginable. When he walks he glides
along with such a funny motion that even the
most sedate have to laugh. Most people say,
"Poor Wiggins," he must be in misery ; why do
you not cut short his days? But his little
mistress protests against such talk for she
knows Wiggins is happy and enjoys life.
When food is placed before him he performs
most curious antics, for he is very greedy and
tries hard to get all in sight before his com
panions surpass him, but owing to his con
struction when he bends his head he often
misses the spot for which he aimed, especially
when he gets a little excited by seeinc his
mates devour so much.
But he never loses his patience; he only
gives forth a chuckle, which seems to mean
"Wiggins will get there."
• When we first made his acquaintance he was
very timid, and if one put their hand on him
he squawked like a spoiled boy. Now he sits in
the lap of his mistress, eats" from her hand
and they chatter away most knowingly.
Can any of your little Call readers guess
who Wiggins is? Well, he is my ycung Wyan
dotle rooster. A few months ago he was in
jured by a ho?, his lower extremities being
badly damaged. My parents gave me the
privilege of trying to cure him. I restored
his health, but could not cure the deformity.
So instead of walking as common roosters, he
walks UDright like a man; but he is very
" Wiggins."
happy. If you do not believe me come and see.
Byra Sill, WatsonviHe.
Age 8 years.
Esparto, Feb. 9, 1596.
Editor of Children's Realm : My uncle takes
The Call, and as I am staying here and going
to school I see the paper every Sunday. 1 have
taken quite an interest in the children's page,
and will try and find the word asked for in to
day's Call.
I think it is valentine, because it is composed
of nine letters, and comes in February.
If the letters "v al e t" are taken away the
word nine will remain, and if you take the six
letters "v a 1 i n c" away the word ten will re
main.
Ihen.it says that the word contains much
wickedness, and in the word valentine is evil,
which means wickedness. In this word also
are words meaning (1) a wanderer from home,
alien; ( l 2) a large tank, vat; (3) an evil quality,
lie; (4) a spike of afork.tine; (s)ac!imbinK
plant, vine; (H) an appendage, tail; (7) scraped
linen, lint; (8; parts of fishing tackle, line; (s>)
a narrative, tale; (10) an industrious insect,
nnt; (11) a weather-«ock, vane; (12) two bever
ages, ale and tea; (13) a piece of burnt clny,
tile; (14) two numbers, nine and ten; (15) an
alley, lane; (16) a time of day, eve; (17) a
metal, tin; (18) a hole, vent; (19) a girl's
name, Lena; (Uo) a .*bade of color, laventiiip,
and (21) a part of a lady's wearing apparel,
veil.
Now, Mr. Editor, I don't know about that
The Inventive Bee.
"Kacbew!" said the bee in tho rose,
"This pollen gets into my uoso.
I'll gaiht>r a. leaf
For a silk haudkerchief
And stand on the ends of my toes."
—Chicago Kecord.
color, because I have never heard of the word
before, and jnst guessed at It. but I am sure
that the word to be found is valentine, ours
truly, • • Mykti.e Horx, age 14 years.
Esparto, Yolo County, Cal. :-.* . : > -
San Francisco, Feb. 9, 1896.
Editor Children's Page: Dear Sir— As valen
tine is composed of nine letters and belongs to
the month of February I make it the founda
tion lor the following: 1. Ni n c— nine. I-
Tine— ten. 3. Pretty vrJentines carry love.
4. Comic- often carry wickedness.- 5. val
entines are always sent, consequently are wan
derers. (5. Vat.- 7. Vile. 8. Tine. 9. A vine. 10.
Saint. 11. Lint. 12. Line hik! net. 13. Tale.
14. Ant. 15 Vane. 1(5. Tea and ale. 17. Tile
13. Nine and ten.' "19. Lane. -JO. V— o'eioelc
viz. (> (nine or ten). 21. Tin. - '2-. Vent. 23.
Ann or Lena. 24. Tan. 25. Vail. Hoping I am
correct I remain yours truly,
Alice M. Bell.
(1923 Geary stn-et, age 13.)
The Bad Memory of Rogues.
Possessed of encaging manners and not
too far advanced in years, a young woman,
aided by her charms, imagined a new and
successful way of gaining a dishonest liv
ing. Her way was to stroll carelessly
along, taking care to ogle the drivers of
the delivery vans of the big shops. When
sljo had fixed on a suitable victim she
would ask him which way he was going.
No matter to what quarter of the city his
business led him. ii always happened to
be the direction in which the fair maiden
desired to go. She would ask him
pressingly if he would object to
taking her with him, and so save
her the trouble of walking. Nino
times out of ten the coachman consented.
The deceitful damsel then jumped up be
side the accommodating driver and made
herself excessively agreeable, wheedling
herself into the man's favor that he quite
forgot to keep an eve on his money bag at
his feet. Not so" the female thief, for
while keeping up the blanishments she
would gradually transffr the contents of
the bag to her own pocket. The vehicle
was then stopped and she would disappear,
after gayly wishing her conductor good
day. It was only when too late that the
coachman discovered his Joss. Unfortu
nately for the continued success of the
plan, mademoiselle had a bad memory
and did not remember faces. Recently
she accosted a man who had already suf
fered from her depredations. He promptly
accepted her request and drove her straight
to the nearest police station, where he
gave her in charge.— Taris Letter.
Miss Caroline B. Hendricks, a daughter
of the late A. \V. Hendricks. and a niece of
Governor T bom as A. Hendricks, was ad
mitted recently to practice law In the Cir
cuit and Superior courts of Marion Coun
ty. Ind. Miss Hendricks has the honor of
being the first woman admitted to the bar
in that county.
NEW TO-DAT.
Sole Agents for the
MAQQIONI KID GLOVES.
NOVELTY
WASH DRESS FABRICS
FOR
.I 1896 -:|
Organdies, Crepes, Sateens, Plain and
Figured Dimities, Batistes, Lawns,
Crepons, Swisses in Dotted and
• Eyelet Effects, Etc., Etc.,
In Patterns and at Prices Sever Offered
Before.
The following are Special Values Just opened :
50 pieces..' ■ ff\\
Figured 1 •■ | g%
All new I /aI"
Dresden designs 1 &m C. V
Yaru.
40 pieces Dresden Stripe Sateen. ■ m*
effect marvelous for inexpensive \ ft& A
• material I *J M
.......................................
Yard.
40 pieces New Cotton Crepon Wavelet, f\ ■■
' in all evening shades, cannot be B liL f%
surpassed for evening waists and /Tj
■ . dresses £a%9 \3
Yard.
50 pieces ... ftA
, Extra Fine Imported JBI A
Dimities in ■11l
Plain and Figured UUU
Yard.
30 pieces new and handsome Persian
and Dresden designs, in imported ■ <ffc
Swisses, exclusive patterns. TheM||ft
most beautiful material in the£jj,ll|
market, which must be seen to'be l|j|{
appreciated Yard.
Samples Mailed Free Upon Application.
DRESS SILKS!
Grand exhibit of advance styles in high*
class Novelty 3i!ks for spring, comprising
Colored Persian, Dresden, Chameleon. flarWc-
ized, Mottled and Pompadour Silks, in tha
handsomest patterns ever shown. See them.
»
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.'
NEWMAN LEVINSON,
135, 127. IS9. 131 KearnySt.
Branch Store 742 and 744 Market S-t.
GRATEFDL*-COMFORTI2Ta
Ll ro O UUuUn
BREAKFAST-SUPPER
T>T THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OP TH»
aE. tvira i, lawB ) v , hich Govern the operations ol
digestion and nutrlt lon, and by a careful mniw
M°r C « the fin, properties of C&cot
PP -ti « proVit for our breakfast and supper
a dellcaiely flavored beverage, which may save vi
many heavy doctors' bill.. It is by the indlclo^
nso ol such artic-les of aiet that a constitution m£
bo Bradua.ly built up until strons rnoush to resist
every tendency to disease. Hundreds of eubi"
malaotes are lloating around ua, ready to f>.:tuck
wherever there is a weak point. . We inav escapo
many t»t atal shaft by keeping ourselves Well for;t-
fled with rP u u r e a blood ana a n-operly nour'shad
trame."— Civil Service Gazette.
Made simply ,wlth boil.ng water or milk. Bold
I on y in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus-
oaMES EI>PS & CO.. Ltd., Homcßopathla
ChemUta, London, iincland. "- 1 *" 1 " 1 **
Purely vegetable, mild n d reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of tho iood.cauw
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bowels
naiural in tnelr operat on without griping
' .":''%''■ "..V : .i i^i^BSßlsigiNovelties IN THE Realms OF SCIENCE
LITERATURE
AND ART.
ONE of the strangest giant ances
tors, whose representatives to
day belong to the smaller races
of animals, has been recently
discovered m Australia, writes J.
Carter Beard in Popular Science. Among
the queer creatures that exist in that
The Giant Wombat.
[This picture represents the head of one of the. ex
tinct wombats and alto that of a little girl 12
years old in accurate comparative proportion.]
queer country is one called a wombat,
without doabt the funniest, furriest, fat
test little mammal in the whole world. It
is a creat deal like a very young baby bear,
but is much more amiable. It is very
easily tamed ; in fact, it might almost be
Baid never to be wild, and when tamel
seems to make it the whole object of it's
existence to be cuddled and petted, to
sleep in people's laps and be carried about
by children. If it is put down it rears up
on its little hind legs, puts its fore paws on
your knees and dumbly beseeches to be
taken up, thrusting its jet black muzzle
The Australian Wombat.
[This picture represents a pet uombat now com
mon in Australia held by a little girl. It it
eatily tamed and is a favorite pet with chil
dren.]
into your hands like a child and making
little leaps upon its feet. It has a queer
way of turning in its toes when it walks,
and the bottoms of its flat feet are quite
bare. It has wniskers like a cat, only they
are much thicker and more numerous.
Just imagine — this roly-poly pet of a
creature had a great, great grandfather
that verily deserves to be called any num
ber of times great, for ho was really and
truly larger than a rhinoceros.
The bones of this great wombat, now in
the Adelaide Museum in South Australia,
were found at a place called Lake Mulli
gan, a dismal spot. The so-called lake is
no lake at all, except after very heavy
rains; is at all other times a plainof black
mud over which lies like snow an incrusta
tation of salt, a treacnerous covering
through which one is apt to break and sink
forever out of sighr in the mire beneath.
The country surrounding it is a vast stony
desert void of life. Here sandstorms occur
terrible to think of, and the miaday heat
is like that of a furnace, 111 degrees.asour
thermometer registers temperature in the
shade.
More than a hundred different extinct
hirds and mammals new to science have
already been represented in the bones
found here, and goodness Knows how
many will be before the place is exhausted.
Perhaps the remote ancestors of the
Dlprotodon, which is the name given by
men of science to the ancient giant wom
bat, were still larger than any yet found,
and remains may be discovered "still more
ancient, which will rival those of the
Megatherium or fossil sloth in size.
MEASUREMENTS OX THE MAP.
Although made in the form of a watch
charm the little invention described below
may be of considerable value from a scien
tific standpoint to surveyors, army officers,
For Making Map Measurements.
tourists and others using maps. A set of
folding compasses upon which are en
graved series of scales ehowine the dis
tance between two points of a map will
certainly be a great benefit. It saves the
looking up of. the scale at the bottom of
the map each time a measurement is to be
jjiai'.e and saves thus much labor and time.
A RABYLE HERO.
The easy-going Kabyles push democracy
to extreme Jimits, living on familiar and
equal terms with their cattie and their
swine — all occupying the common dwell
ing. A line, hardy race of great bravery
and many noble traits, they yet resemble
the Arabs in their want of "honesty. A
story is told of a chief of theirs, Mokrani,
which makes us thitok the days of chivalry
are not yet gone. When worsted in the
Franco-German war in IS7I, the French
had to withdraw their troops from Algeria,
and thus a grand opening was made for
insurrection. Mokrani would not rebel,
as he had pledged his word to the Algerian
Governor that there would be no rising
against the Frjench authority till the war
was over. Even when a peace had been
made, and he was" thus released from his
promise, he gaye forty-eight hours' notice
to the French of his intention to com
mence hostilities against them. Verily,
he was a hero, and he died a hero's death
in the thick of battle.
* KJ3T3IE OF THE BIKE.
Scorching over highways,
Coasting down the hills,
Biding through the byways,
. Besting by the rills.
Flying od our journey.
Gliding o'er the pike,
All the world is happy,
Riding on a "bike."
Men of every station,
- Maids and matrons, too,
Bide like all creation,
Nothing else to do. ■
Dozens, ones, and couples,
Careworn man and wife,
Kicking off their troubles.
On the "iload of Life."
Gentleman behind us,
Kidinc for his health,
Others with a purpose,
(Showing off their wealth.)
Maiden lady anxious.
Looking for a b?au, -
Wish she wouldn't watch us
Everywhere we go.
Aged man in knee pants,
Ulasses on his 'nose;
Youngster wlih tomato plants,
Wonder where he goes.
. " an with seven children,
■ . .* .Hanging oa behind,
Dude in latest fashion,
• Nothing on his mind.
I<ady there In bloomers,
Everything to match.
Wore them now two summers-
All except the patch.
I<ady in long dresses.
I-ooks divinely up,
Wind blows oft' 'lier tresses,
Small boy picks them up !
Fat man comes a puffing
I.lke a railroad train;
Sent for silk or something,
Must go back again.
Racine man in tichts there
Bearings striking fires, :3aEv*S
' Stops to bnmp his he d tbei 1 « '
Punctured ail three tires t
Men of all desires,
Maids of every mind.
Blowing up their tires,
Every shape and kind.
. Of all kinds of motions,
There is one we like,
Best of locomotions—
Riding on a bike!
Scorching over highway*, •
Coasting down the hills,
Biding t! rough the highway
Besting by the rills,
Firing on our journey.
Gliding o'er me pike.
All the world is happy.
Biding on a ••bike."
LtKAMOB B. DfiAEI
A CAT THAT TTII.L.' SCAKE RATS.
The wonders of science never cease. The
latest contribution to the United States
Patent Office— No. 305,102— is an auto
matic, double-action, scientific mouse
trightener. It is nothing more nor less
than the statuette of a cat, painted and
whiskered with realistic effect, with big,
phosphorescent eyes that gleam brilliantly
in trie. dark.
"Ths cat," so runs the inventor's de-
The Electric Cat.
scription, "is pa in ted to. present an ' at
tractive apbearance.' It is shown in a sit
ting posture, with' its .head turned to one
Bide and its eyes staring straight ahead."
, These eyes are thickly coated with phos
phorescent paint, which shines like" a flame
in *a" dark room. All you have to do is to
place the cat on the floor near a mouse
nole and then wait for results. The scheme
has been a tremendous success. The only
drawback to it is that it does not eat the
mice. These statuettes will . be made of
clay, of plaster of paris, of terra-cotta and,
for the very rich, of , pure Carrara marble.
A Broadway merchant whose storerooms
are infested with rats introducod one of
these phosphorescent cats into his place
the other day. The effect was truly amaz
ing. . " . .
"There is one big hole in the corner of
our salesroom," said to a reporter, "out
of which all the rats seemed to come. We
placed the cat immediately in front of this
opening, and immediately the nuisance
ceased". .Throughout the nis<ht the cat's
eyes gleamed like fire.
■ "Yesterday, when I went to the store,
what do you think 1 found? A strong
odor from that particular corner of the
•room led to an investigation by our porter.
He reported tliat he had found a dead rat
in the hole. The animal had died of star
vation. What a terrible death that must
have been!'- The animal had probably
poked his head out of the hole and had
found the eyes of the cat gleaming bale
fully upon him. Two or three such ex
periences no doubt discouraged him, and
■while be lay in'hidihg waiting for the cat
to go away he must have starved to death.
I am going to buy three more of these
■cats." - - ■'■-■ ; '- ; ■■ - :. .-,.- ■. .. .
Aside from beinjr good to frighten rata,
these cats make an amusing mantel orna
ment. It is rather startling, thouprh, to
enter a dark room and find yourself : con
fronted with two balls of .fire that seem to
gleam out of the wall. .:;"
ARMY CREMATOpiES.
A novel exhibit will be seen at the Berlin
Industrial Exposition next summer. A
Polish engineer has invented an ambulant
crematory for military purposes. The ob
ject of this invention is to make use of the
hygienic advantages of cremating for the
disposal of the bodies of dead soldiers on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
battlefields instead of burying them in
numbers, thereby creating the danger of
epidemics. The military authorities of
Germany have shown great interest in
this invention, and it is very probable that
the apparatus will be introduced into the
German army, each army corps being sup
plied with one ambulant crematory. They
are mounted on low wheels, and have the
appearance of the portable army baking
ovens, only that they a/c higher and
heavier. Eight horses ami six men will
furnish the equipment of each crematory.
A SEE-SAW EXPERIMENT.
Take two heated pins and stick them in
to the center of a candle at right angles to
the wick, which should be left exposed
at both ends. Then rest the pins on the
edges of two wine glasses and trim the
candle to balance* Light the wick, and
A Little Game of See-Saw.
beyond the flames at each end. by means of
a piece of wire, fasten two little figures,
with their joints hinged. Now, a? the
candle begins to melt, a drop of grease
will fall from one end (it is advisable, by
the way, to put something beneath to
catch it in) and that end of the canale will
rise a little above the other. Then a drop
will fall from the opposite end and a gentle
oscillation wil) begin, which gradually
increases in speed until the little figures at
the end will perform the most surprising
antics at their game oi see-saw.
BULI, - FIGHTING ON BICYCLES.
A bicycle paper of Munich relates that
bull-fights on the bicycle h.ave recently
taken place at Malaga, Spain. A picador
who is a very clever wheelmanj undertook
to enter the arena mounted on a bicycle
instead of on horseback. The steer, how
ever, was not awed appreciably by the
novel apparitions and before the daring
picador had time to retreat he took wheel
and wheelman on his horns, throwing
both high into the air. The picador got
away with a good shaking-up, as the steer
was too busy trampling the wheel into a
shapeless tangle.
ENCOURAGING AMERICAN ART.
The prizes offered by William L. Elkins,
through the Academy of Fine Arts of
Philadelphia, for the best pictures by
American artists shown at the present ex
hibition, have been awarded. The first
prize ($3000) ha 3 been given to Abbott H.
Thayer of Scarborough, N. V., for his pic
tare entitled "Caritas"; the second prize
($2000) to Edmund C. Tar Dell, instructor
of painting in the ■ Boston Museum of
Fine Arts, for his "Girl With White
Azaleas." Mr. Thayer was born in Bos
ton, but studied in New York, and under
Gerome in Paris. His early successes
were with animal studies, but in recent
years he has devoted himself to figure
pieces. Mr. Tarbell was born at West
Groton, Mass., in 1862, and has studied
under Bonlanger and Lefebre in Paris.
Like Mr. Thayer he Mas been the recipient
of many honors, some of them from the
Academy of Fine Arts. The jury was
composed of Henry G. Marquand, presi
dent of the Metropolitan Museum, chair
man; John G. Johnson, Dr. A. C. Lamb
din of the Time?, and four artists, Robert
Blum and Edward Simmons of New York,
Frank W. Benson of Boston and Robert
W. Vonnoh of Philadelphia.
ODDITIES IN NAMES.
The following oddities and anomalies
occur to us after a careful and 'attentive
perusal, or rather reperusal, of the busi
ness or "commercial" department of the
scarlet-bound Directory of London. We
find a Legge and a Boot, but no Shoe; a
Sermon, a Creed and a Paternoster, but no
Aye Maria ; we find an Ivory, but no Ele
phant; Jasper, but no Jet; Steel, but no
Iron; a Snoveller, but no Shovel; a Nailer
and a Naylor, but no Nail; a Spooner, but
no Spoon; a Judge and Ju'-y, but no Pris
oner; Lions and Lyons, but no Tiger; a
Last, but no First; a Magnus, but no
Qreat; Law, but no Equity; Weale, but no
Joy and (one) Tear, but no Sorrow; Pain,
however, is frequent and in various forms.
We find a Prong, but no Fork; both. Ham
mer and Tongs, but no Poker; a Trainer,
but no Train; an AiigUr, but no Prophet;
Fortune, but no Fate; Leary, but not
Hungry; Hunger, bus no Thirst; a Glover
but no Glove; several Christians, but no
.lew; several Husbands, but no Wife
(though one Whiffen and also one Spouse;;
a Love and also a Lover, a Lovelock, a
Lovebond and a Loveridge, but neither
Hate, Hatred nor Hater. Ho, also, we find
THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE WHEEL.
[Reproduced from the Aeronautical Annual.}
Spring, Summer, Winter and Frost, but
no Autumn.
AN INVISIKT,K BRAKE.
Another novelty for bicyclists is the in-
The Hidden Brake.
visible brake; this brake goes through the
steering head proper, and the only parts
"THE AZEALARO."
which indicate its presence are a small
lever at the top and a thin handle imme
diately underneath the right handle of the
handle-bar. Its construction is so simple
that it will explain itself from the cut.
CALIPEES AND COMPASS COMBINED.
An instrument in which is combined the
calipers and compass has been invented
by a French mechanic. These new com
passes are 80 constructed that when ap
plied any deviation irom the proper cali-
Calipers and Compasses.
ber shows immediately by a spring point
ing to a scale near the top of the blade.
This spring is actuated by the extension
or contraction of the points of the com
pass, and it is thus possible to detect the
most minute deviation from the proper
measurements with the least possible loss
of time.
WOODSMAN OF THE NORTHWEST.
The woodsman writes of his own tribe
as follows: "He wears a Mackinaw shirt,
and as a rale comes from Michigan,
Sweden or Canada. The first thing he
does is to swamp, chop limbs, knock off
knots and receive the benedictions of the
teamster, who wonders how anything so
awkward found its way so far through life.
After a while he learns to chop, pull a saw
and flip a canthook. When times are hard
and wages low he goes to a camp and
slicks to work right along; when times are
pood and wages high he can'i content him
self in one place. His 'turkey' consists of
a two-bushel bag and some old clothes. If
French, he calks less in February than in
any other month in the year; still he says
all that can be said in twenty-eight days,
and his under jaw is a near approachto
perpetual motion. If Scandinavian, he
talks little, thinks slow, minds his work
and never kicks. . If Irish, he is likely to
prove a synonym for ambiguity and util
ity. The woodsman is valued according to
the price of lumber — when pine boards are
hic^h he is high, too. M — Minneapolis Jour
nal.
PBECIPICE, SEA, SKY.
(Inscription on a mountain at the farthest accessl
. ble point.)
"Terror dwells herp, unnelghDor'd and a!one! H
Thus on the swan rock's face.
With lifted arm by ii]>\vur<r currents blown,' '
Mv sicriHture 1 trace. . •
Terror dwells here, and from this barrier's height.
This {riant, nilow v form
Peers throush the clear iind golden evening light,
• More sinister in sunshine than in storm,
And shouts to earth and heaven, to sea and shore,
No further, and no more! ■ .
s Gkorcib Douglass.
MECHANICAL CURIOSITIES.
The seamless tube is a recent invention
that will prove very useful.
More than 30,000 clocks in Paris are op
erated by compressed air, of which 7000
horsepower is used for various purposes.
Elias Howe discovered where to put the
eye in the sewing machine needle in a
dream. He dreamed he saw warriors
carrying spears pierced near the head.
The first balloon was invented by a poor
French paper-maker. He saw a starched
petticoat, the string of which had been
tightly drawn, rise in the air over a hot
stove.
There is a flywheel in Germany made of
steel wire. The wheel is 20 feet in diam
eter and 250 miles of wire were used in its
construction.
WARMI>O THE POPE'S PALACE.
The recurring indisposition o! the Pope
has again raised the question of heating
the Vatican, a problem which, so far, has
never yet been satisfactorily solved.
There are no fewer than 11,000 rooms in
the Papal Palace, and. many of them
never receive a ray of sunlight. Professor
Laponi, the physician of his Holiness, has
tried by all the means in his power to
maintain a normal temperature in the
private apartments, but without effect,
and they remain much too cold for the
daily diminishing vitality of the Pope.
An architect recently submitted a plan for
distributing hot air all through the Vati
can, but when the cost was mentioned —
£36,000 — the Pope dismissed the subject
with a wave of the hand.
BEOORDS SAY HE IS DEAD.
So a "War Veteran ' Can Get No Aid From
the Government.
On the shore of the Harlem River at
One Hundred and Thirty-first street and
Lexington avenue, in a little two-room
shanty, lives John "Wallace, a one-armed
veteran of the war. He is very much alive,
but through some error a record of his
death has crept into the Pension Bureau
at Washington; and although he has long
endeavored to secure a pension he can ob
tain no aid from the country for which he
fought.
This is the fourth winter the old man
has passed in bis little hut. He complains
bitterly that all of his friends of happier
days have deserted him. Even his only
aon has wandered away.. Only one friend
stuck to him for years, sharing his hunger
and privations. That was "Joe," hia black
hound, but the doe died a year ago.
"I'm 68 years old," said old John to me
yesterday. "My father came over from
Scotland and I was born in Norwich, Conn.
Then we went to Brooklyn, where I joined
the Volunteer Fire Department. Go ask
what's left of 'em. They all remember me.
I was a member of Company Franklin, No.
3, of which, Peter Hyde wascaptain. When
1 got married my wife Sarah's cousin came
to see us from Missouri. He said if we'd
come out with him he'd guarantee me $60
a month and all the garden truck we could
raise.
"We went, and when the war broke out
I I raised a regiment of my own in Mis
souri. At Camp Washington, Ind., 1 lost
my arm. I was lying asleep in my bunk
when the shot came, and I never knew
who fired it. I was taken prisoner, and
wasn't set free until the surrender of
Vicksburg.
"My discharge papers and all my docu
ments were in a trunk that was stolen from
me in Missouri. I've made eight applica
tions for a pension. I tried to get copies
of the original papers at Washington, but
there the records are supposed to show
that I'm dead. My wife, Sarah, died out
in Missouri, and then I came East. But
nobody wants to see me here. I can't get
any help from the Government or those
who used to know me. I have a son, and
he's floating about somewhere. Children
don't care for their fathers any more."
When Wallace first squatted on his little
plat beside tne' Harlem the stretch of
country about him was open and deserted.
Now the newly erected buildings, sheds
and piles of lumber are gradually crowd
ing him into the river. It appears that he
will soon have no means of gaining access
to the street from his shanty. Before the
new drawbridge was planned the shore of
the river also was open. Logs, boards and
driftwood floated ashore daily beside, the
shanty, and these the old man gathered
and chopped and sawed into kindling,
which he sold.
Now boathouses have closed the water
front, and Wallace is compelled to forage
about the shore for his snppiy. His shanty
consisted first of a single apartment, the
second one being an addition of later
years.
The poor veteran Is in sore need. His
clothing is ragged and insufficient to pro
tect him from the cold. Every morning
he goes over to a lodging-house opposite
the terminal station of the Third-ave
nue cable road. Kind-hearted persons
there give him his bread and bowl of
coffee,
'•I run my chances with the meat,"" he
added pathetically.— New York Herald.
SAFETY CHECK SYSTEM.
An Efficient Device for Pre
venting Fraudulent Al
terations.
The Contrivance Is Very Favorably
Commented Upon by Leading
Bankers.
A device for frustrating the tricks of
check-raisers is commencing to receive
some attention, from a number of the lead
ing banks and commercial houses in town.
The proposed safeguard has many features
in common with the well-known Camp
bell safety checkbook system, and is a
modification of the coupon system now in
use in tne money order department of the
National postal service. M. Leventritt of
4 Bolter street is endeavoring to introduce
the system into the financial world, end
appears very confident that it will take, as
he considers it almost if not quite flawless.
The safeguard advocated by Mr. Leven
tritt is triple. In the first place, the cou
pons prevent the raisins of checks to any
very great amount. Then drafts, checks
and letters of credit calling for sums of
$10,000 or less will be printed on pink
paper, those for sums ranging from $10,000
to $40,000 on white, and those for amounts
over $40,000 and under $100,000 on blue.
By the same ratio in value the length of
the main body of the check vanes, the
pink checks being TV inches long, the
white 8 inches and the blue BJo inches.
The coupon system appears to leave
small chance for great frauds. To the left
of eacli check is attached a number of
vertical columns bearing the inscription,
"Not over $o00," "Not over $1000," and so
on. The space 'occupied by each column
is exactly a quarter of an inch in width, so
that the length of a check alone will be to
some extent an indication of its value.
Mr. Leventritt has applied for a patent, as
some features in the system are of his own
invention.
A number of leading bankers and finan
cial authorities enthusiastically praise
the new system, and some firms have
already signified in writing their intention
to adopt it in their business. Several bank
. ' NEW TO-DAY.
§ Woman,
Health
oeauty.
V A healthy body in woman begets a beautiful form. It gives '
the bright sparkle to the eye, the rose to the cheek. A sickly,
nervous woman is never beautiful. It is the effervescing, bub-
bling spirit within that brings out . the attractive features in a
woman's form, and all women aim to be attractive. None know
better than they how impossible it is to exhibit a beautiful,
sparkling eye when the body is racked with pain, the spirit
downcast with nervous disorders, and the roses in the cheek
turned into pallor by "the killing drain, upon the vital forces.
There is no life in the body, no vim. Female weakness and its
lengthy following of nervous troubles are too common. Women,
regain your vital energy, resume your healthy state, get back 'the
bright eye, the rounded form, the roses of health.
FROM A MOTHER.
DR. A. T. SANDKN-Dear Sir: . ' ' > V
"I bought your Belt In August last for nervous prostration, female complaints, etc. I was
so bad that many nights I could not sleep. I would get so nervous that I could not hold my
head up. I found relief almost as soon as I applied the belt, and to-day am as well as any woman
of my age. I can say for your Belt that if I was not able to get another one I would not sell
mine for $200. . Yours truly, MRS.. AMELIA QUIXX, 259 fiichland aye., San Francisco, CaL
• "MAKES PEOPLE STRONG."
For Weak Men.
Men who find themselves failing in that
manly vigor which :s so precious, who
have btgun to see the result of past ex-
cesses; for men who are growing old be-
fore their time, who, though still physi-
cally strong, are vitally weak ; for such
men Dr. Sanden's electric Belt is like the
Jawn of new life. Does not nature teach
us that her storehouses are inexhaustible?
They are, and that vital force which is lost
_an be restored by Electricity. Dr. San-
den's Electric Uelt will restore it. Get the
iook.
SAUDEN EIiECTHIO CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B to 6; Evenings, 7to 8:30 i Sundays, 10 to 1.
Portland (Oregon) Office, 255 "WasWnston Street.
officials have written to Mr. Leventritt ex
pressing their approbation of the device,
which, they conceive, will soon be gen
erally adopted.
BUILT ON OLD PILES.
A Unique House on the Bank* of Oak
land Estuary. V.;
! Peter, the , clam digger, can v boast of
having one of the most unique residences
in this part of the country. But that is
about all that he can boast of, for his house
is neither beautiful nor comfortable.
Just how or when Peter came into pos
• session of his house: is a matter that he
The Clam-Digger's Home.
{Sketched by a "Call" artist]
; has forgotten and nobody in the neighbor
hood seem to have the least knowledge on
the subject. It is located on the banks of
! the Oakland estuary, or rather about 200
feet from the shore at high tide. It seems
as if there must have Been a pier there at
one time, for the stumps of a row of
broken piles reach from the house land
ward and show plainly at low tide.
Peter does not speak very good English
and it is impossible from his dialect to tell
I what country he came from. He is most
i likely a Russian. From all that can be
j learned he simply pre-empted the four
j end piles of the pier when it was aban
! doned and constructed his house on the
top from lumber ho found floating in the
estuary.
The house is not v piece of work a car
penter would be proud of. It is made of
all sorts of lumber and looks as if a good
breeze would blow it away. At high tide
it is six feet above the water, and at low
tide about ten feet. Entrance to it must
| be maae by climbing from a boat up a
half-rotten rope-ladder. The piles hare
been eaten away by the teredo and the
l structure shakes in a dangerous fashion.
I Peter has braced the piles together on the
j four sides, and this is undoubtedly all
that holds the structure together.
The interior is not inviting, because it ia
not large enough for a man to stand erect
in. In the center is a cracked stove and a
few cooking utensils. The bed is nothing
more than a pil>- of dirty rags.
Nothing in the place is worth carrying
away, even if it was not so hard to get at,
I and yet Peter, at the risk of falling into
the water, locks his door with two large
padlocks every time he goes after clams.
That is all the work he is known to do.
At low tide he fills a few buckets with the
bivalves and takes them to town for sale.
They surely do not bring much, but it
seems to be sufficient for him, for he ap
pears to be contented and happy. He say»
that he sleeps well in h<s house and has
no fear of thievci.
For Weak Women.
Nineteen out of twenty women hare •
weakness that can be cured by Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt. There are too many
weak. broKen-down mothers and sißters
wrecked in constitution through the weak,
sluggish action of the female organs. For
this weasness the usual tonics have proven
only temporary help. Nothing hut new
vitality can restore the weasened functions
to their normal strength. The warming,
toning power from Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt adds new life^to the female parts. It
j daily increases the healthy vital force. It
j cures weak women as it cures weak men,
by renewing the wasted strength. Tfce
! book tells about it; free.
2526
THE
LATEST FASHION GOSSIP FOR WOMEN AND MEN.
AT last San Francisco has been nn- j
der the spell of a great musician's
magical power and the doubting
Thomases are trying to make us
forget that they declared Pad was
only a fail, and did not the California
Theater blossom like the rose? Judging
by the api r-arance of the audience one
might have imagined it was a grand-opera
night, indeed scarcely a frumpy waist was
to be seen in all the house, and some very
swell ones were quite skyed, and next
Monday I predict that an equally fashion
able audience will greet the "Young La
dies' Orchestra," and on Tuesday those
who desire to help San Francisco's art in
stitute will be at the beautiful honse on
California street, which, for some days
past, has been in the hands of decorators
in anticipation of this event.
The buds and next year's debutantes
have been dancing their feet almost off,
and have been so gay that the dear little
souls are almost worn out, but Lent is al
ready so near that things have been rushed
and we are all quite tired out, for we who
are older and more sedate have had our
teas and crushes, our lunches, dinners and
theater parties and, of course, so large a
portion of our .people do not observe the
forty days and nights that the social hall .
will be kept rolling until the trunks are
being packed for Monterey. San Rafael,
etc. I hear there is to bs quite a large
vedding in June. Speaking of San Rafael
reminds me of the pretty wedding there
this week. The little bride was a pictur
esque figure in her bridal gown, and many
are the wishes that in luture she may find
few thorns and many roses in her married
life.
After Monday's Presidio hop there will
be no more until Easter tide, when the
lar;:e private ball will be given.
One of the prettiest affairs of the weeK
was the leav-year cotillon danced by the
young people,, and many were the airy,
rretty frocks donned for "the occasion, bin
will not go into details, as you all can
chut your eyes and see just how all the
dear girls looked, and as usual, britrht
eyes and sweet tempers and sunny smiles
won more admiration than the most elab
orate of trowns. I know of one girl who
was a great belle the moment she made
her debut, in a simple white muslin,
trimmed with lace, but her eyes and man
ners bewitched all the men", who used to
beg her to be sure and wear her muslin
dress, so celebrated did it become on ac
count of the beauty who so adorned it, and
it did not do the other girls a bit of
good to allude scornfully to "that
muslin rag" and rustle their silk
and satin skirts, for the men were all in love
with the wearer, so in their eyes nothing
compared that season to white muslin,
which certainly is far more appropriate for
than satin. Some of the girls will
not believe that out here, but they do in
New York, and although the riarty dresses
-s. Debutante may be all lined with
silk or satin, they are apparently simple
little chiffon and muslin affairs, and only
the mothers and grandmothers are re
f-plendent in rich satins, velvets and bro
cades which are beautified with rare gems
and precious laces. Girls and maidens
thould wear flowers and ribbons as long as
possible.
E of the teas given by the youthful I
element were exceedingly successful, en- '
-c affairs, and the hostesses reflected
credit on their mothers' training.
The tailor arown given here is made of
Mack vicuna cloth, and has a smart close
fitting little coat, which opens in front, re
vealing a vest of white kerseymer?
Braided in gold, with gold buttons. The
▲ WALKING COSTUME.
■•■ ■ ■ .: .
j coat collar is faced with black velvet, and
handsome buttons hold down the tabs on
the cape-like epaulets of the cloth.
At this season of silk sale- the wise
woman will secure odd lengths of chine
silks, as they are admirable for skirt ruf
fles, and will line effectively the spring
jackets. They will appear in great num
bers shortly, with their plain tailor skirts,
and will be" our standhys durine the sum
mer, and the sleeves of such jaufcets prom
ise to remain brobdignagian in propor
tion.
The morning gown is of figured French
flannel, the cream-white ground being
covered with pure chrysanthemums. "Wide
white lace makes broad frills at the elbows
and arm holes, a pretty scrap of pink
velvet gallon embroidered in white and a
narrow frill of lace make a pretty effective
finish for the neck. Satin ribbons match
ing the flowers appear at the elbows and
around the waist, all terminating in bows.
Women cannot be too careful about mak
ing themselves attractive at all times, and
we find many who are usually faultlessly
garbed almost slovenly in theearly morn
ing, so I am a great" advocate of" pretty
wash gowns, which do good service for
breakfast, and are always sweet and fresh.
For winter dainty flannels are best, and
for summer I have found flannelettes ex
cellent; those with even the most delicate
china-blue lines or figures wash perfectly,
and now that ribbons are so inexpensive,
with few exceptions all women can afford
an abundant supply. Such gowns should
be cut a la princesse, and never indulge in
large, baggy affairs a la Mother Hubbard.
In many case's it is well to dispense with
the graceful train, for at all times it may
be in the way, but the well-cut gown is
almost as pretty without it.
A modei for a pretty evening gown
lately received from a celebrated French
house is composed of white satin with
chiffon-covered bodice and immense lovely
sleeves covered by a billowy mass of white
chiffon flouncings edged by quillings of
black chiffon; the bodice, has braces of
black velvet. Another good gown comes
from the same designers. It is of white
chine silk with far-apart black stripes and
bhirred bunches of pink and blue flowers.
The waist and skirt are in the chine, and
the sleeves consist of huge wiiite lace
sleeves over black chiffon. The under
sleoves also are of black chiffon. This cos
tume is completed by a huge bow of green
velvet at the back of" the neck.
A charming evening gown, the property
of a bride, is of white duchess satin, made
with the sleeves dropping off the shoul
ders. • Over the shoulders passes a band of
satin with rosettes at the junction of the
bands with the bodice. The sleeves and
full chemisette front are of white spangled
net, and tiie gracefully draped revers are
embroidered exquisitely in silk and Dearls.
A trellised design of the same embroidery
decorates the edge of the skirt with good
effectl Another is of thick corded silk of
the palest yellow. Hands of gold sequin
trimming form shoulder straps, one of
which is continued down to the edge of
the skirt, outlining an apparent opening
skirt over full folds of gold striped net, of
which material the sleeves are also made.
Bunches of joses ornament the bodice and
skirt at one side, and a golden butterfly
holds the opposite' shoulder strap in place.
Murion Terry is now playing at the
Lyceum Theater, New York, taking the
part of Mrs. Lesden, and her gowns are
being much discussed and hL-hly cora
j mended in London. She fascinates the
[ audience on her first appearance in a sum
mer dress, simply picturesque; beneath
nlniy folds of white silk muslin gleams a
skirt of rich buttercup satin. The silk
muslin is embroidered here and therewith
a tall thistle spray. The bodice of the
Fame muslin is draped and held in place
with.loops of narrow buttercup satin ribbon.
A wide ribbon tied at the side forms the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
sash. With this gown she wears a large
bat of creamy straw, on which is a cluster
of blue satin loops and a bunch of forget
me-nots.
In the second act a dark blue satin
peiisse is worthy of imitation. It iks at
the back as far as the waist perfectly, and
thence expands into voluminous fullness.
The fronts -are loose, and when thrown
back a dress of shot peacock and dark
peau de soie is seen, with a blouse bodice
and deep shoulder frills of chiffon of the
same tint. A pointed collarette of lace
relieves the gown. Her velvet hat has
many wings of iridescent peacock blues
and greens.
Miss Terry's gown in the third act is said
to be simply exquisite. The skirt is of
mirror gray peau de soie that has the sur
face of satin, but falls more softly, and the
bodice matches it, but has a. full front of
gray gauze with bands of white lace in
sertion. The gauze sjeeves are puffed, and
are met by long gray Suede gloves. The
back of the bodice is of peau de soie, al
most close-fitting, save for a trifling
amount of fullness that loses itself be
neath a shaped belt of Parma violet velvet.
Tlje toque, worn with this toilette is of
gray velvet with clusters of Parma violets
and a black osprey aigrette.
The next costume is of pure white satin,
with a low-cut bodice. This gown is en
riched by much beautiful crystal jewel
work, and the long cloak which is thrown
over this splendor is of lime-green velvet
edged down the fronts with sable. It is
lined with white satin.
The last clever confection is a wonderful
black moire, which shows occasional effects
AN EVENING COSTUME.
of moonlight blue that dance like rays
across the somber surface. Her head and
the upper part of her figure are said to be
shrouded in diaphanous black drapery.
As a result of taking advantage of "some
of -the recent sales a pretty golden-haired
maiden looks charming in sx draped bodice
of turquoise-blue velvet, which has shoul
der-straps and waistband of cut jet. The
sleeves are of accordion-pleated black chif
fon over blue taffeta, and the skirt is of
black satin, with two ruflles of pale-blue
silk around the edge inside.
Velvet should not be passed by, for even
a small piece of two and a half yards in
combination, if on a delicate light shade,
can be used for ihe evening. The youth
ful or inexperienced shopper should avoid
bargains in jet, as only a connoisseur can
purchase satisfactorily, and cheap laces,
excepting for wash dresses, are a delusion
and a snare, as they are so emphatically
common when used with good materials.
A lovely model for a middle-aged
woman is a princess dress of black velvet,
the collar and revers of pale pink glace
silk covered with cream-colored lace and
edged with, a black chiffon frill bordered
witb Valenciennes lace. These revers can
be attached with good effect just below the
waist with handsome diamond or paste
buttons. The vest is of black chiffon
hand painted and traced with beautiful
sequins.
The dowagers are like lovely pictures
nowaday in their velvet gowns, their rare
jewels and fine laces. I must not forget
to relate that there is a new jeweled stom
acher, a flexible one, that curves in to suit
the figure. It is said to be "a marked im
provement on the old rigid scintillating
masses of stones. The designer can throw
out lovely, graceful spraj», and make an
ornament that isgrace itself," and in these
days of reckless expenditures one rinds
that magnificent jeweled belts are not so
very rare among the smart set, and ex
tremely superb buckles set with precious
stones are owned by most Is'ew York
belles. •
Quite the most chic of parasols was
given a Paris bride last month. It was of
white silk covered with frills of costly lace,
mounted on a stick of polished steel which
was set with pearls. Among other gifts
was a pair of diamond wings for her nair
with pearl centers.
Redfern has designed a visiting Costume
for midwinter of dark blue sevres cloth,
"with a deep yoke of cyclamen velvet, ap
pl)<jue at the edge, with ornaments of
clair de lune embroidery, those immedi
ately in front being fringed. A tiny edcing
of mink fur is used to conceal the fasten
ing of the bodice. Armlets of velvet
edged on each side by clair ac iune and
outlined by mink at the waist finish the
full sleeves, arid a rosetted stock collar of
velvet encircles the neck. The skirt of
full plain shape is footed with a narrow
border of mink and the front has stoles of
the Cyclamen velvet clasped in folds at
intervals with ornaments of clair de lune.
The large hat designed to wear with the
gown is of cyclamen velvet, trimmed with
loops of shot sevres and gold satin ribbon,
fastening a cluster of shaded ostrich
plumes on the left side."
The latest fashion for a smart waistcoat,
to be worn with tailor-made coats and
skirts, is a piece of knitting cut by the
tailor to shape. The surface should be the
•'Hat pearl," the pattern formed by intro
ducing threads of vari-coiored wools; for
mstanee.-a red or pink waistcoat is con
i sidered stylish with a black gown, and a
I white one with a dark green serge, and
pale green ones have been seen with dark
blue. Floss silk is frequently worked in
with the wool, and this is said to be a
most decided improvement.
Paquin has been adding new luster to
his name since chiffons first appeared, for
he handles the.n with astonishing skill;
one in black and red (a combination again
in vogue) has a waist of red chiffon, which
has a black satin ribbon about four inches
wide embroidered in red sequins starting
from the neck like the old box pleat, but
divided at the ends in two iong strips
which crossed and encircled the waist,
fastening at the side. A deep collar at the
back on reaching the shoulders continues
in narrow points on to the sleeves.
Doucet is sending out some creations
with the most fascinating little zouave
coats. One dress of black duchess satin,
the back en princess, is described as
' "charming"; the front of the bodice forms
a zouave coat to the waist. There are im
mense puffs of green velvet, wing-shaped
on the shoulder, that end at the elbow in
sleeves of embroidered ecru lace, the full
piletalso being of the lace over bright
yellow velvet which "peeps out here and
there" and is edged with narrow skunk,
which is so prepared that it has the ap
pearance of fox. A collar-ruff finishes the
neck; which is fastened at the back with
numerous loopa in the yellow velvet.
Two or three dainty frocks will shortly
accompany a pretty girl down to Santa
Barbara, one of white silk with stripes of
yellow satin; the low-cut bodice is draped
with yellow net, over which are appiiqued
lace roses and seed pearls almost cover
the rest of the surface. I like her toilette
of pale blue moire silk with its Louis XVI
coat and deep corselet of white brocade
outlined with silver. The chemisette is of
blacK chiffon over white satin and the col
lar band is of the same combination and
ends in a chou of turquoise blue on either
side. I quite lost my heart to a gown she
has just received from one of our cleverest
dressmakers. It is of rose pink satin, the
skirt being adorned with ruches of black
chiffon edged with creamy lace. The
bodice of the satin is veiled with the chif
fon, which has insertions of the lace, and
frills of it edge the ruche at the neck.
The sleeves carry out the same idea, and
best of all this is an ©Id dress done over.
That the princess gown will be. much
worn there can be no reasonable doubt, as
at two of the smartest weddings of the sea
son the mothers have worn their toilettes
so cut. One was of royal purple velvet
opening over a petticoat of white* satin em
broidered in seed pearls outlined with
gold, the revers and vest being of the
same. The other creation was of hunter's
green velvet with front of the most exquis
itely embroidered chiffon over lighter
green satin.
A quaint theater wrap, a la Pierrot,
which would please moßt of us, is of white
Roman satin lined with ermine. The
"Pierrot" ruff around the neck is a modi
fied ane, composed of blacK and white
chiffon, black under, white over, to pro
duce a shot effect. Large black velvet
buttons go clown each side of the front ;
They have pieces of silk fixed in half
sleeve form to front lining of capelike
sleeve, so as to be used if required in cold
weather. Cape sleeves can be lined to
match the cloak.-
For early spring model hats are already
being completed in Paris. It is predicted
that a fine, fantastically woven straw, cov
ered with woodbine in the most delicate
colorings, perfectly copied from nature,
will be a favorite, Meadow-sweet is a
flower which is to be much used, being
springy and effective as the white, fluffy
branches lend themselves admirably to
the popular .aigrette effect. As usual at
this season violets will be in evidence, as
large hats of many shaded ones, with
cachepejgnes "of Nice roses, have been seen
by a New York correspondent, and f6r
a picturesque, useful chapeau I can heart
ily recommend, them as they go Charm
ingly with most summery and spring-like
costumes.
The craze for old English silver is in
creasing in proportion as the difficulty to
secure rare specimens increases. It will
soon amount to a mania, as no longer do
A TASTEFUL MORNING GOWN.
the old shops in out-of-the-way places in
Europe teem with such treasures. They
have almost all been eagerly ransacked,
and in England as much interest is being
shown In collecting tableware of the seven
teenth and eighteenth centuries as is mani
fested in this country. Tea and coffee were
introduced in the seventeenth century, so
tea and coffee pots of that period are in the
greatest demand when the hall marks are
distinctly to be seen.
Much silverware is being made in close
imitation of old English models, and as
one writer says: "It is astonishing to note
in the reproductions of the quaint old
English decorations, in flat chasing, in
pierced work, fluting, and in arabesque
borders, the irregular edges that proclaim
the handiwork of the skilled silversmith,
rather than the, perfect finish of the ma
chine. Without the aid of the hall marks
it would be diilicult to distinguish the re
productions from the originals."
Among the most acceptable of weddine
presents this year are to be mentioned the
Louis XV candelabra in silver or silver
bronze.. They have but two lights and are
low enough to be placed upon the dinner
table, where they are wonderfully effec
tive when there is a buttercup satin slip,
with guipure insertion upon the board.
The candles in this case should be yellow
and the shades can be white, with medal
lions of old engravings of court beauties;
and, speaking of dinner tables, reminded
me that the latest craze is for old two
handled, engraved glass bottles and the
red and white wine decantered therein
makes a very effective feature of the table.
Smaller presents for brides are also mat
ters worthy of thought, and old mustard
pots, or tboge which are good reproduc
tions of old styles, are acceptable, as are
also salt-cellars, pepper-boxes, liqueur
glasses upon silver rests, tiny bonboniueres
for holdinc either sweetmeats or powder
puffs, with every useful or useless article
with which we long to fill our cabinets.
Chocolate cups set in vermeil are to be
noted as novelties, beautiful hues being
much prized.
I have been reading about a gentle
woman who is a perfect vandal; she is
quite a distinguished woman, strange as it
may seem. She has 'in her possession a
rare and exquisite "old master," which
hitherto she has kept in her gallery, be
cause she did not consider the nude suit
able for exhibition in her drawing-room.
A few days ago she requested her German
governess, ah amateur artist, to psint
clothing on the figure. Naturally, the
effect is extraordinary, but it now hangs
in her drawing-room. Allow me to remark
that the lady does not live here.
Brass bedsteads contiruie in high favor,
and many are "beautifimy dressed." Ex
quisite pillow shams and spreads are now
to be had of exceedingly hne muslin or
mull, edged with a deep rulfle. Both
ruffle and spread are artistically em
broidered with a design of leaves and
flowers in white.
The heavy Renaissance and Irish lace
spreads and shams are handsome and
effective. These are very handsome, but not
so exquisitely aaintyas the musiin ones.
Lace spreads are usually seen over silk
matching the colors of the room. One
width of silk cut lengthwise is enough for
the pillows, trimmed with lace. Two
widths of the wide upholstery silk sewn
together form the spread, which should be
trimmed all around with lace set on the
silk instead of on the edge of it. Many of
the new and pretty cotton goods that come
in delicate colorings are used for this pur
pose instead, and of course the exquisite
French lawns are much in demand for
this purpose; for instance, I found one
covered with the most natural of wild
roses scattered over a white ground; this
if used 1 over pink sateen with the
best results; and 1 saw another
in a friend's room through which ran
alternate stripes of narrow light green and
milk roses that was used over green cam
bric and had a frilled edge with lace. All
properly dressed beds have the pillows
removed in the morning, their place oeing
taken by the bolster, which is round and
hard, being stuffed with hair, Hat on the
ends, where the silk brocade or cotton stuff
is gathered into a rosette. This arrange
ment is excellent, as the bed has a neat
trim look and the sheets are not visible.
Slippers, such as were worn 100 years
. to-pat; :
W'l FALSE
: w^»^ l tfSi2;.. ; -. F A Pf-Q I
4 T^tou**^* IHULUi
« No artificial complexion or "enameled beauty"
ought to be tolerated since the discovery of that
wonderful scientific skin food,
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
«»'^ l J c skin absorbs It— feeds on It— and Is purified
of Blemishes, Wrinkles are filled out and healthy
color restored. Naturally beautiful complexions
are made proof against the ravages of time, work
and worry. .-, . • .
MRS. HARRISON uses It. She Is 40 and looks
35. ■ Jar, lasting thre« months, 75 cents. <
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Permanently, removed 5 , by the only successful
means <»ver discovered— the; Klectric Needle, as
operated by Mrs. Harrison. ■■-: . ' • >
TRT AT; pnT.' wle » out of town
,-*■ J.VJ.-£YJU IUI. sending Ihls ad with
10c In stamps will receive a book of instructions
and a box of Lola Momez Creme and Face Fowder
REE. . '.'-._ ■-:..; ' . . • . •
- Come this week to my parlors and see what I can
do for you. ' : »
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
. BKEMATOLOGIST, ■
40 and 42 €cary St., San Francisco. Cal.
ago, are again being made by some cele
brated shoemakers, as only such can make
slippers with heels. 5,.£ indies high suc
cessfully. Very short women are said to
have hailed them with delight. They are
of satin or brocade and have huge buckles,
but I think we have too much sense in
America to indulge in such footgear, as
such heels are sure to secure for the wear
ers after hours of agony, provided they do
not break their necKs trying to walk in
them the first time. Marcella.
TOR MEN.
The mania for collecting posters has
reached here and many bachelors' dens
are being adorned with odd ones. Not
only the best to be found in San Francisco
are in evidence, but also many from Paris,
some strikingly original.
For men some attractive articles in silver
have lately been put on the market, such
as llasks, the silver caps of which are
adorned with spurs, whips, crops and
horseshoes; a cigar-case is to be had on
which is engraved a jockey mounted ona
whip.
It is strange but true that most Amerl
ican shirtmakers still insist on making
shirts with small, little cuffs that reveal
part of the shirt sleeves every time the
hand is elevateu.
Business coats are made like shooting
coats, with three buttons, not abruptly
cutaway, but more like a sack coat — the
pockets with flairs, single-breasted and a
notched collar. They may be of mixed
goods or of black vicuna.
A frock coat should be faced with silk,
never with satin.
Going downtown » few mornings ago, I
could not but remark that a well-known
NEW TO-DAY.
Special Saving Sale. r
A pretty £?*\
Decorated. liXww
Haviland V* M
China Af- H</mS*»w '
tcr - Dinner • •» A.W*\
Coffee or 5 %*JT \'%(, '\ ■
O'clock Tea -J^nLJV/ ' I
Cup and Wwp^-fe./
Saucer with ifa^vS>^ i'J >.
a beautiful \^ "ivN^J" 1 * 1 '»
little Sterl- J^f^^V\
ing Silver /■ - 1 >^"*^ v->_
Spoon for 75 . fV . j\*'Jz/'^
cents, worth J y V^--^^^
$1.50. Just \\ fT- i^-— "■,
the thing s:.-\ L, / \J *"
for your tea \ * ■••...
table. That's for. Monday, Tues- 1
day and Wednesday only, remem- j
ber—Wednesday night ends it.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's.
WANGENHEIM, STERNHEIfI & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and Sutter St., •
• . BELOW MONTGOMERY.
WALLPAPER!
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to
No. 20 Geary Street.
GREAT REDUCTION
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS
TO riAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW
WINDOW SHADES!
Any Color, Size or Kind.
' WHOLESALE^— AND^-RETAIL. ,
TBESICCESSOFTHESEASi
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM-
V — — OF THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST. •
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
■- ■ ' IRON BEOS, *
p*T*— •***;. BRASS BEDS.
- f FOLDING BEDS,
. : . ' ' *."■'■ .■ Wire and Hair ", Mat-
■' tresses, Re c 1 i n 1 n 15
ffflfi ' , ■ ■ . ; - ■ Chairs, Wheel Cbalra,
I ( ' ffnl'l'lif '" fonjmodes, Back ResDs
J-M-ii V II W. A. SCHROCE,
UJII ■* JU Jfllll^ j , 21 -
;L -■ %0- \ * "~i J New Montgomery
*^ .under Grand
Hotel, S. I".
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORSET-AT
XJ law and Notary Public, 638 Market at., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. ■ Residence, 1620 Fell at. Tel*-
phone 670. Residence telepnvc*, "Pine 25f 1."
citizen was wearing jeweled shirtstuds, and
the conductor plain mother-of-pearl ones.
White duck troupers with black vicuna
or serge lounge coats will be as much a3
ever seen during the coming season.
All the ties for spring will be gay in
coloring; red and green will probably be
most smart. In adjusting the Ascot, re
member to first form the center-piece or
knot, and having done this, the two ends
must be well elevated; they are then
pulled moderately taut, so as to prevent
the selvedge from falling away from the
top of the knot, and the result will be
much better in effect^
An authority says: *"The very best four
in bands and Ascot* are made from the de
Joinvilles. De Joinvilles can be bought in
the natural wool, from tb.e haberdasher,
for from $1 up to $.). These have a band
twined, in without cutting the silk; the
haberdasher will have this done. When
orderine the band insist that it shall be
good and wide. There is no use in purchas
ing a handsome de .Joinville if it is cut all
to pieces. When the novice becomes pro
ficient in the tying of a de Joinville, he
will cease to buy" the made-up or th 6 regu
lation and much-worn tieable scarfs of tne
lined and padded school.
"A de Joinville will not only give the
best scarf effect obtainable, but it insures
you the enjoyment of a pattern that is not
to be found by the gross in the popular
priced stores."
TYPICAL AMERICAN HUSBAND.
The Business Man Has Little Time to
Cultivate I'iresh'o Amenities.
The type of American husband most
familiar among us, however, is the man of
busy energies, kindly, affectionate, proud
of his family, with whom he is free-handed
and sympathetic in their pleasures, who
might if the stress of making a livelihood
would leave hire free to do so, enjoy do
mestic life heartily, and aid in bringing
the married- state to be what good old
Dicky Steele described it in the Tattler:
"A complication of all the pleasures of life
and a retreat from its inquietudes." But,
alas! under the conditions of modern
money-grubbir.g what opportunity has
the poor man to cultivate hreside ameni
ties and hang garlands upon the Lares of
his heartn? In New York, for instance,
he hurries away from home directly after
eating a hasty breakfast, to return to it
late in tne day, fagged from the incessant
and nervous grinding of the mill down
town, and ravening for his dinner.
At such a moment, all the charms and
all the virtues combined in one wife
often cannot win smiles or playful speech
from any husband so beset; and a wise
woman effaces herself until the post-pran
dial hour gives her a reasonable hope of
claiming his conversation. At this period
of the evening, unless she is a mere
monger of nursery gossip or a household
drudge, her spirit, braced and expanded
by the idea of independence and responsi
bility, is eager for the fray of ideas. She
long? for the interchange of sentiment on
current topics, while her heart (an organ
among our wive* apt to be fairly well
stored with conjugal affection) owns to a
little joyous thrill of satisfaction in the
tete-a-tete that has lost not. ing by years
of repetition. To it, even the grown chil
dren are an interruption; and she sees
them go their several ways in search of
more active entertainment with almost a
sigh of satisfaction! What, at this inter
esting juncture, is the attitude of the ideal
husband? "What, of the real husband?
These are queries to be answered by obser
vation or by experience.— North Ameri
can Review.
Leap Year Sentiment.
At a public tea-party recently held in ona
of our country towns where "sentiments"
were in order a timid bachelor was bold
enough to remind the young ladies that leap
year was upon them by offering the fol
lowing:
Three Ion? weary years have I waited for this;
Now if you'll pop the question, I'll surely say
••Yes."
To which a lady promptly responded as
follows:
The man without courage may <io his own woolnc;
May ao his own washing and baking and sewing.
The bachelor looked despair. — Spare
Moments.
NEW TO-DAY. -
ifiSi
CALICO
DEPARTMENT!
We are now showing a large
and varied assortment of
NEWSPRINGWASHGOODS,
Comprising Dimities and
Lawns, at .
121-c, 15c, 17-lc. 20c and 25c a Yard.
Choice English Novelties,
Ducks, Cheviots, Madras Suit-
ings, Honeycomb Cloths,
Galateas and ';'■_■
MANCHESTER CHAMBRAYS,
French Plain and Figured
Organdies,
| Batiste Fancies, Grenadines,
Colored Piques, Plain and
Figured Dotted Swiss, etc.,
ALL BEING SOLD at POPULAR PRICES
I FANCY WASII WAISTS!
We have Just opened our new.
• spring stock of WASH WAISTS
in all the latest styles and
materials — Lawns, Dimities,
Percales, Batiste, Ginghams,
etc., etc. _ ' '•■..- a
him ranging from 8 5c to $2.50.
SE HABLA ESPANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
: SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH: HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES-THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MMMAKY OF THE MABKKTs.
Silver oft acain.
Shipment of $824,818 to CJ|ina.
Bank Clearings gain .021
Wheat futures lower.
Barley weak.
Better demand for Oats.
Corn and Rye dull.
No change in Flonr.
Hay and Feedstuff* steady.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Beans neglected.
Butter and Cheese steady.
Egss weakening.
Poultry in excessive supply. ** ?
••ante lower.
I'ruits unchanged.
Dried Fruits still stagnant.
Vetretables weaker.
Hams, Bacon and Lard advanced.
Hides unchanged.
Heat market steady.
F*p!aii»»on.
«,^ •. arTOW , flies with the wind. The top figures
a. s.ation ledicau- maximum temperatur- for the
r"7*i,,' °.' X underneath it. if any, t!:p amount of
rs.ntrtll, cf melted M>Ow in inches and hui.dredths.
fliirms the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, conntc; points of equal air pressure; lao
t..erm«. or dottt-d lines, equal temp rature. lhc
word -hißh" means i.i.-.'i barometric preasoxeand
is » usually accomuanied by fair weather: ■•:o\\"
r-i.-rs to low preasan.«ad is usually preceded
ai,a accompHniod by c'ou weatberaad rains.
••Lows ■ nsually first appear on the Washineton
coft-c. \\ h-n the prentUS'is high in the interior
aua low along the coubi.and the Molars .-\trnd
corth and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
DtJt wien the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
ira:-Kcd curvature, rain sooth of < r. gon is imi roi>
able. kVUna-high" in the vicinity of IdUho, and
the pressure falling to the < allfornia coast, warmer
weather may br- expected ia summer and colder
weather in winter, The reverse of these conditions
nil produce an opposite result.
WEATBKB BUBJEAD KKPORT.
UxrTKn States Dkpartmest of Agricci/-
T1 BE, WEATHEB BUBKAU, Sax FraxctiscoJ Feb
ruiry 15, 1696. 5 r. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared wi:h those of the same dnte last s?a
son: Eureka 4.73, last season 31.60: R->-d Bluff
1 3.53, last season 24.31 : Saa Francisco 12.12, last
BPason 1.69 . sdo 4.09, last season 11.18: San
Luis Obisro, lC.'-'5: last season 22.40: Los Angeles
5.91, las', .season 11.67; Sa:; Difuo 2.82, last season
10.16; l'uma .46. last season •-'.99.
The folioivint; m&ximam [empera'ures ore re
poried from stations in >";i.-,i"orui;i to-c!a-.-: Eureka
54, hresno66, Los Angeles S2, led Bluff 72, Inde
j'<>ndence 66. San i>ie^o 70, San Francisco 67, Sen
J.i;is Ohispo 78. Vuma 80.
San I raiiCisco data — .Maximum temperature 67,
iKinlmnm 47, mean 57. There was no rainfall
during tne rast 24 hours.
An area of moderately hisrh pressure is central
In Utah and Colorado, from which section the
preasur; diminished to Southern California. Fair'
warm weather prevails throughout California and
Nevada. It will probably become somewhat cooler
in Northern California Sundaj-, but the change will
not be marked.
Forecast maae at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending rnidnleht February 16, 18J16.
Northern California— Fair Sunday: probably
ccolf-ron the southern an'i central coasts: lipht
variable winds becoming brisk westerly along the
coast. .
Southern California— Fair weather Sunday; li<;ht
noniHTiy winds becoming westerly in the after
noon along the coast.
Nevada— Fair - lay.
Utah— Fair Sunday.
Ari7o Fair .r:day.
Nan Francisco and vicinity— weatlior 6nn
day; probably cooler in the cfternoon; light north
erly shifting to fresh to bi-isk w^storly winds.
w. H. 11 \MMi.N, forecast Oilicial.
>EW TIOKK. 31AKKETS.
■ Financial.
NFW YORK, N. V., Feb. 15.— The stock mar
kei, after a rong opening and an advance of i/^@
1-, i .'r rent, in which Bogmr, General Electric,
Manhattan and Lead and Chicago Gas were most
proTiinent.developcd weakness antl recorded losses
of anywhere from i 2 to 314 percent. Intheupward
movement Sngar was quite a feature, selling within
a fraction of 115 on the advance of l-lt;c,per
pound in certain grades of hard sugar. Lead was
RtriMjstbened by the favorable report for 1895.
•vhlch shows a surplus of $88,927 against a deticit
last year of ■-78,184.
The particularly weak spots were Manhattan,
I.eatner preferrc-d and Tobacco, Manhattan break
ing from 108 to lC4»i: Leather preferrea from
681.4 to C 6, and Tobacco fell from 81 to 786 /<t .
Manhattan's weakness was due to 'the. poor state
ment for the Decembsr quarter, which shows a
tifficit of $540.57;-! against a surplus la 1894 of
? 58,251. Leather preferred was heavy on the re
iteration of the rumors that the Febrnary divi
dend will be passed and Tobacco was depressed by
aidations. The loss in the general market'
ranped from \s to li percent and was well dis
tr.rjuted.
Sugar held relativ.-ly firmer than the oiher
active-issues and closed practically unchanged on
the day. The weakness of the market was a fur
ther disappointment to the bulls, Ai o were look
ing for considerably higher figures on account of
the defeat of the silvprites in the House yesterday.
Near the close a rally of Vfc@lVs P f cent took
place, but speculation left off weaic in tone. Net
hanges show losses of V4@l»i per cent. In the
inactive issues, Consolidated Gas jumped 2 to
1573/ i aDd National Starch preferred 2 to 52.
Total sales 106,400 shares.
Bonds were lower. The sales footed up $619,000.
Atchison adjustment fours fell 1 t0 47; Oregon Im-
Tirovem«-nr firsts, 1 to 88: Peona and Pekin Union
seconds, li/2 to 68; St. Louis Southeastern firsts,
li/i to 71 '^7 and Western New York and Pennsyl
vania income fives, 3/s to 17.
In Government bo*ids $972,000 coupon fours of
1925 brouehi 115%<g,1163/ 8 ; $24,000 do registered
116, and $ 33,000 registered fours of 1907, 109 .
M!j^ tirain.
FLOUR — Dull, steady, as before. Southern
Cour— Dull, steady, as before. Rye flour— Quiet
easy at *'2 40©3 95. Buckwheat flour, I 30©l 35.
BUCK H AT— 41@42c.
CORNMEAL— DuII, steady, as before.
RYE— Nonoinal, as befor<-. " .
BARLEY— Nominal, as before.
BARLEY MALT— Nominal, as before.
WHI-.AT— Spot marketdull, firm. No. 2rPd. store
and ■ valor. 80@80y*c: afloat, bli/.<a;Bis4c; f. o.
b., BiyaiSß2i/ic; ungraded red, 67@fc3c; No. 1
Northern, 7634@76c.
Options moderately active and unsettled, closing
weak at Vi&y 8 c decline on foreign selling, weak
West lod locaTrealixins. May aad July most ac
tive. No, 2 red, 73V c; March, 74%c; May, 72i/8«:
June, 71% c.
COKN-Firm. No. 2, 36y c elevator; 37y 8 c
afloat. . :
Options were firmly active at VsOVic advance
on locul covering and with the West, aiay most ac
tive. February, 36% c; April, 366/ c; May, 3U3/ 8 c;
J'.ily, 37 3 j* ) c.
oats-Duii, flrm. No. 2, 25i/>@2s%c; No. 2
whae. 2<M/ 2 c; No. 2 Chicago. 263/ic: No. 3, '-'41/2®
**%c; No. 3 white. 25y 2 c: mixed Western, 2»>®
it, :}, hUe do, 27@28y. : white State and Western,
2 c.
Options ouli, nominal. February and March,
25V»c; May, 253ic
1 ED BUAN'-as before.
I'rovlalons.
BEE F-Quiet, steady. Bnef hams, dull. $15 50.
Tierced beef, quiet: city extra India mers. *15@
16; cut meats, unsettled; pickled bellies. 12
s V- i !;^ c: BliOul<l 4i4@4Hic; pickled hams,
fe J /2®a« l /iC.
'"'^iPT^?" 1 weak - "Western steam. 85 57%:
city, $5 20; May, $5 85. Refined, dull; conti
nent, JP6; 8. A., $6 i! 5; compound. $4 76("«5.
i'°T^rT Dull • stead mess, *10 30©S10 75.
BLTTER— Choice, firm: state dairy, e@lßc: do
creamers'. 13@l<jy 3 c: Western dairi-. 10@14c: do
1 ri-ainerj'. 13gil9c: do held. 12@iec: do factor;-,
Bi/2@12y 2 c: Klgins. lee: iniitalfon creamery, iligt
l'»c: rolls. B@l2c
CHEESE— Fair demand; fancy, firm: State,
lar^e. 10V c: <Jo fancy. loy.c: do small, 6@10%c;
part Bkimß. 3i/*a7c: full skims, iy 2 @3c. •
K(,<;t<— Quiet, weak. state and Pennsylvania,
•^(gdHi/jc: Southern, 13 >i@14c; icehouse case,
f } J 7 , ® 3: ., Wester n. fresh, 13Si@14Vic; limed.
il(£l2c; do per case ®' 2 50.
.«.?™ L e^\r. AcliVt1 ' nrm - City. 3 13-16@3%c;
sairs, 6<r» hhds: country, 3T4®4i4c.
COTTONSEED OIL-Dull?stea<iv: Crude. 22c;
pr u n . 1 -cT'v- UoWl ' J6 @- 61 '3 c: otr mdc - 2^:'.'fc.
•<i ,^ii^ — irm> quiet; strained common to good,
TURPENTINh,— Quiet, firm; 29iA@2934c
POTATOES— Quiet; Jersey, 65M75C- West
ern Sew York, 60c/£sl 50; State Roge. 85c@
SI 50: Long Island, ~7sc@sl ; Bermuda, $2@5;
Maine. 9Oc@sl 75; Sweets, $2@4 7.'».
RlCE— Fairl v active, ijrni ; domestic, fair to tra,
3@sc; Japan, 'A*/i,fdAc.
MOJuAfcSEiJ—
CUFJ-KK— Quiet, 5 to 10 points down. Starch,
Si. 40@12 45: May, $11 85@J 1 90: June, $11 05;
July. $1145; September, $10 85: December,
$10 70@10 75. Spot Rio— Quiet, dull, steaJy;
No. 7, $13 12X/ @l3 25.
r OAR— Raw, quiet, firm: fair refining,
3%c; centrifugals, 9t3 test, 4c: refined, fairly
active; No. 6. 4 5-1 6 c: No. 7 and No. 8, 4i/ic:
No. 9. 4 3-16 c; No. 11, 4c: No. 12, 3 15-lBc;
>o. 13, 3%c: off A, 43'*@Wsc; standard A,
sc: mold A, 51,4 c; confectioners' A, 474 c; cut loaf,
and crushed, 5%c; granulated, sc ; powdered and
übes, 51/4 C.
.Fruit arid Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots— Bags, 9»a
@12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled,-6i£@syic: peeled, 4V 2
@Bi*,c. - ■'■'',-■
I'KUNES- Four sizes, 6y 6 @5i,4a
RAISINS— Loose MuscJU*>ls,3-crown, 3i,4@3iAc;
do 4-crown, 4^®.'ic: do London layers, 85i@95c;
do clusters. ."SI 25®1 45. "*•
ALMONDS— Soft-shell, 7y-&Sc; do paper-shell,
maixc. .- -
WALNUTS— Soft-shell, Bi/«@10c; standard, 6y 3
@7c.
HOPS— State common to choice, 2i£@Bc;
Pacific Coast, 2y @Bc.
Merchandise.
FIG IRON— Fairly active; unchanged.
COPPER— Firmer. Lake, $10 65.
LEAD— Steady. Domestic, $3 12i£@3 15.
TIN-straits, $13 4b©l3 60; plates, moderately
active.
SPELTER-Firm. Domestic, 54©4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, In,, Feb. 15.— Still further weak
ness prevailed in the wheat market at the opening
this inornins. It was partly a continuation of the
toue which developed in the last l.our yesterday
and partly due to the weakness of Liverpool
cables. The sbiDments from both coasts the
week were not so great in volu me as it was ex
pected they would be, only 12,728,000 clearing,
against 2.290.000 bushels last week. .The receipts
In the Northwest were lighter than last Saturday,
! 437 cars arriving. About thirty minutes of the
session had passed when the prediction of a cold
I wave was announced, prices rallying thereon, but
! failing to retain the improvement. Chicago re-
Ceivt'ii 168 cars aud Inspected out 84,413 bushels
to-day. Export clearances at Atlantic ports ag
gregated 237.250 bushels, including wheat and
flour. Closing I'aris cables were higher, but, other
Continental markets showed no change. May
wheat l>e:ied from 66 to 65»4c, sold between
663's@66i.^c and 65y 2 c. closing at, 65i/ 2 @655/ B e,
6 .5(2t 3 /ic under yesterday. Estimated receipts tor
Monday, 165 cars.
CORN— Opened easy with wheat and later rallied
with it. The market had nothing to recommend it
to speculative sentiment either in favor of or ad
verse to prices. Receipts were 289 cars, about as
expected, and 159.963 bushels were taken from
store. Liverpool cables were easy and i/ 2 d lower.
Export clearances amounted to 137.710 bushels,
"lay corn opened a; 30@30i/ c, advanced to SOi-oC,
I closing at 30i.fcc bid. unchanged from yesterday.
Estimated receipts for Monday, 300 cars.
OATS— Did not depart from the course marked
oh by the more Important grains. The dealing
was without Incident and was of only ordinary
volume. Receipts were 230 cars and 200.933
bushels were taken from store. May oats closed
unchanged from yesterday. Estimated receipts
! for Monday. «00 cars.
FLAX— Was firm early, closing easy. Cash,
! (5,920: May, 94@94i/>c. Receipts 35 cars.
PROVISIONS — rnu of hogs exceeded the
i esf.mate and forced urices at the yards lower.
I'roduct followed the same direction, declining for
all articles. The business was only moderate. May
pork closed 20@22i/ 2 c lower, May lard 10c lower
and May ribs 12y 2 lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— February. 63@63V8C; May, 65i/*@
655 B,': July. 65y s <&65i<ic.
CORN— February, 28i /8 c; May, 30y c; July,
311 gc.
OATS— February. 19y c: May, 21i c; July,
213 B e.
POKK— February, $9 90; May, $10 10; July,
10 25.
LAUD— February, $3 42y 2 : May, $5 60: Jnlv,
$5 75.
It I B:>— Kearuary, $5 05; May, ¥5 22i< 2 ; July,
«5 32 Vs.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Feb. -Offer
ings of cattle to-day wire moderate and prices
steady. Heavy beeves sold 10@15c lower than |
last Saturday. Hogs 5c lower; buyers held back
and used a prospective heavy run for Monday as
an argument against prices. The few sheep on j
s*le went at linn prices.
OATTLE— Receipts, 400. Fancy beeves. $4 45
BA 65:. choice tv prime, 1300 to 1750 ppiinds,
$4 10<g;i 30: Rood to choice steers. 1200 to 1600
pounds, $3So<§(4: medium steers, 1160 to 1300
pounds, Z--- 60&3 75: common steers. 950 to 1200
pounds, $3 2.i(«3 50: feeders, 900 to 1200 pounds,
$3 40@3 90; stocKers, 600 to 800 pounds $2 60
(g.3 40: bulls, choice to extra. S3 (a 3 50;
bulls, poor to ■ good, $2 @ 2 75: cows, fair
to choice, $2 4U(a.3 40 : cows aud heifers, extra,
$3 50(3,3 85; cows, fair 10 choice, $2 sU(§>
53 40; cows, poor to good canners. .fl 75fcJ
2 40: veal calves, good to choice. $5 50a6 50":
calves, common to good, $3*50@5 25: Texas fed
steers, f3 25G&4 10: Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
$2 35^.:-! -.'.
HOUS— Receipts. 16.000. Heavy packiug and
shippinz los. $4@4 32i/fe; common to choice
mixed. *3 Bo@4 26: choice assorted. $4*J!>@i 30;
I llftht. *4(ai4 30: Diss. $3 25^4 25.
SHKKP— Receipts. 1000. Inferior to choice,
$2 £0(&3 70; ltmos, $3 50® 4 60.
NEW YOI'.K STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 3%. Prime mercan
tiie paper, 6@7%. bttrling exenanee steady, with
scinal business in banters' bills at 34 £n\.\(rt,i 86V2
for sixty <iays and $4 87y 2 @4 87*4 for demand.
Posted rat«, S4 87@4 88 y 2 . Commercial bills,
«4 Ss3.f<i4 8714. Bar River, 673' 0 -. Mexican
dollars, &3%@545J4c. Government bunds steady;
State bonds dull; rauroaa bonds easier. Silver at
Lhe board was nominally lower.
txosnra STOCKS.
Am Tel <fc Cable.... f2 iXorfoik <fc Wes... 25/ 8
A'chlson.. WVs Preferred. 7
i'reterrea*. .•• 24y 2 ! North American... 6y 8
Adams Kxpress...l4B j Northern Pacitlo.. ,4
Alton, Haute. 58 I Preferred 14%
American Expresa.ll2y 2 Nonnwestern l°%s
American Tobacco. \793/s Preferred 145
A rreferred lOIV2 N. V. Centra! 9/1/2
BavbtateOas J» N. Y. Chicago&a.:. 13
! Baltimore <s. Ohio.. 36 Ist preferred b3
LmnswicK Lands.. % ' lid Preferred...... 28V'a
BuCalo. Roch & i*. 10 Vs N. y. &N. H.. iS4
! Canada Paclhc... *>< N. V.&New Ens. 4 8
1 unada Southern.. 50 in. 1. fcusq <fc W.- It)
un?onu.>.l M % preferred 27%
Central Pacinc... 15 Ontario. 10"/4
I Ches. <fc Ohio. 173/ 8 Ontario <fc Western. 15
Chicago Alton JM Oregon lmprovmt '»Va
Preierrea i? 0 Preierred — -
Chicago, &Q- .-• '• 9 '/8 Oregon Navigation. 1 1
Chicago &E. 111... *•' Oregon Short Llaa. 8
Preferred 86 Pacific Ma 11........ 2J*s/
Chlcagou&s.. . . 67 1/3 Peona. li.«fc livana. 3Vs
Cleve Pittsburg.lt?O Plttsburg& W pfd. 18
Consolidation Coal. 31 Pullman Pa1ace.. .159
Consolidated Ga5. .157 Quicksilver 1%
C. C. C. & St. Louis. 38 Preferred. 15y
Preferrea 88 Reading 13Va
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 29 y a RioGrandedtWesta 16
Preferred 100 1 Preferred 46
Cotton Oil Cer:.... 17 1/2 Rock Island 72
Commercial Cable. 1 50 Rome Wat <feOudenll5 I' 31 '3
Del. Hudson 127y* St. L. & S. Vf 5
Del.Lack(tWesternlHiy 3 Preferred lis/s
XienverdtK.O a Et.Paul 763/ 8
Pi-eierreO. *o s ,*i Preferred 128»
Distillers 18ya Kt. Paul* Duluta. v! 5
General Electric... 30 8 Preferred 89
Erie 16V4 6t. Paul Omaha. 4O'.i
Priferred H6 Preferred... 122
Fort Wayne 162 St. P. M. <fe M......109
GrefttSorthernpra.llo c-Ilver Certincate-. 6-4
Green Ya Southern Paciric. 2(i|Q
Harlem 29 5 .boutnern H. X 10ya
Hocking Coal ;,jj I Preferrea. 3H/ 2
Hocking Valley... 17-% biiear Refinery 113:4
Homestalte........ 30 | Preferred. JOOy 8
H. «fc Texas Cent-. li Term. Coal <fc Iron. 33y 4
Illinois Central.... 8^ 1 Preferred 100
Central 9y 3 Texas Pacific BVa
Preferred '101.A.A.A N.Mica.
Kansas & Texas..- H 101. <t Ohio Cen.... 0
Preferred 29% Preferred... 66
Kingston <fc Pern... liol.St.Loul«<ftK.G. 8
Lake Erie dtWestn '-^Va Preferred 14
Preferred 73i/ 2 Union Paciflc ..... 6»4
L»«e Shore 144 i/a V. P.. Den. <Ik Gull. 5
>auonai Lead 27i t .S. Cordage 6y 8
Preferred Ssx /a Prelerred ll'.a
Island. . Hi I Guaranteed 23
Louisville & Nash. 601^ U. S. Express 43
liOuuvllle Na&Cn. 9^ U. 6. Leather 10»4
Preferred 23 | Preferred 65 Va
Manhattan Consot.l U. S. Ruober 26/8
Mempnis <fc Charls. 15 | Preferred 85 .
Mexican Central... lv,4 Utlca<tß. River.. 151
ilichigan Central.. 94y 2 Wab. 8. L. & Pac.. 7.y
Minn.tS.l- — i Preferred.... IBy
Preferrea .......—— Wells-FarKO../,.... 100
Minn. St. Lcom. 20 Western Union.... 85 1
lstpreferred 79y 2 Central ....... 3
2d preferred *H -Wheeling &L. E.. 123/ 8
Missouri Paclflc.. 2.!i/ij Preferred. 391/4
Mobile* 0hi0..... 2334 Am Cotton Oil pfd. t>7i/2 '
Nabhvillel.'hatt.... 65 ,W U 8eef.....  8-/4 j
National Linseed.. 109 |L I Traction- 21
N.J. Central 106 . lAnn Arbor. 9
l'P4K.ree ..... iUBy 2 MKT2ds ...... .. coy 3 !
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..109, j D 0,45.... .:.;..... 85^
r H4sDewreK. 11524 Mutual Union 65... 116
Do. 4s c0up0n. ..1163/8 N J Cent Gen 6s...liyy
Do 2s . .... 95 Northern Pac lsts.ll6
i-0;65::::.'.".'.'....ii^ Co. 2d5..:........1083 / 4
Do. Os c0u00n....112 Do, SC.s ......... -6
Cherokee 4s. 1898.100 Nortnwest Consols. 137 ■•
Do 1897 -■..... .100 Do,aeb C 5........ 1081/4
T,o ' 1898!! 100 ORAN 15w....;.10Hi /
Uo 1889 ■ ....lt'O BiL&lronMtGenDs 81
reclilc 6s 95....— |St L«t S F G«n 6s. 106y
D C 3-6 6s. ......110 St Paul Consols ...137
Ala Class A 4.. 108^4 bt. P. C. Pa lsts. 11 5
Do Class 84, ss. 1 j Do. Pac Cal lstn.. 109
LaConsol4s 98 x^i Southern R. R. ss. 82»4
Missouri funding..— ' |. Texas Pacific nrst.» 87
X Carolina con 65.. 12 2 Texas Pac seconds. Ti
Do, 4s ...... 103% UnionPaclstof»B.loJi/t
Fo Carolina 4J^5...10a% West Shore 4«.....10aV 2
lenn new 35.7T...; >S6 ■ i Mobile <t Ohio 4a.. (j»V*
...-: ■:■- .;.....■ ■ . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
Va funding debt... «iy 3 R OranaeWest lsts 77
ll°> res |Ches&O 65..... 108 v»
.Do. deferred 65... Gy s Atchison 4a 77
Do, trust rcpts st 6y 2 ] I)o, 2ds A 25y 2
Canada Soutn 2ds.. 106 GHiSA 65...... 105
Cen Pac lstsor'9s 101 j Do, 2d 7s. H.iU
Den& It v lISiAH&Tes CentSi..lOa
_-Do. «s 90 "1 Do.cou6s 101
Erie2da 72 Reading 43 75
linnaas la Consols 73?>4! Missouri bs ....... 100
Ks Pa lets Den divlO9 j
lOKEIG>( JIAKIiKTS.
WHKAT Di r.IVl!BPOOr»
LIVICRPOOL, Em, Feb. 16.— spo: market
is quiet at 5s 9d. Cargoes are dull at 2g3 7d arrived.
KUTUKKB.
The Produce Exchange cable jtiveg the following
Liverpool qiiotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary, 5s 7y 2 d: March. 5s 7y d; April, ss7y a d;
May, as 7y u; June, 5s 7y d.
BBctr&irna,
LONDON, Exo.. Feb. 15.-Consols. 108 18-16;
silver, 30 % d; French Rentes, 102f 92% c.
KXCHANGU ANO BILLION.
Sterlins Exchange, 60 day 5........; — 548634
Sterling Kxcnange, sight _ — 488
Sterling Cables. ...5....- — 4 881,4
New York Exchange, sight — Par ■
Hew York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, jounce. — «i 73/ 3
Mexican D011ar5....... ...; 633^ 64yi
SAN -I'IIANCISCO CI/EARING-HOUSE
KLKCTIOK.
At the annual election Thomas Brown, cashier
of the Bank of California, was chosen president,
11. Wadsworth of Weils, Fargo & Co., vice-presi
dent, and John D. McKee Tallant Banking Com- ■
pany, secretary. The Clearing-house CommlttPe
consists of Thomas Brown. Ign. Steinnart, S. G.
Murphy. H. M. J. Mclllchael and W. H. Crocker.
Mr. McMichael is secretary ol' the committee.
Charles Sleeper was roappoiuted nianauer r.nd J.
T. barke assistant macager. Twenty-four banks
have joined the association since the start; but ten
have dropped out through iailure or retirement
from business.
TKEASUKE SHIPMENT.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of 5821.818.
consisting of $704,023 in Mexican Dollars. $795
in Gold Coin, 9,000 in Silver million and $1000
in Peruvian Soles.
BANK CLEAKINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $14,'J02 1 943,
against $13,877,859 for the same week in 1895,
a gain of .02i/
-«- ■
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AM) OTHEIt GRAINS.
WHEAT- Waa weak and quieter. No. 1, $1 13%
@1 15 $ ctl: choice. $1 16Vi: lower grades, $1 05
©1 12%; extra choice for milling, $1 i.'s(gil aO.
CALL BOAKD SAI.KS.
Informal skssion— lo o'clock — May — 100
tons. 51 16y 3 ; 900, $1 1534; 1000. $1 16%. De
cember— 800. $1 13%: 500, $1 13%: 500. SI 135/8.
Beguuk AlnitNiNO Session— May — 400 tous,
SI 155' ; 900. s>l 163-i. December— 7oo, $1 185 8 :
liO $1 18%! 2000, $1 1:>" .
BARLEY-JS rather weaker. Feed, 6834@700
ctl; choice, 711-ic; Brewing, 75@82%c.
CALL BOARD SALBS.
Informal Skssio.n— lo o'clock— May— loo tons,
71i <--
Regular Mobxiko Session— No sales.
OATS— Is rather more inquiry at previous
prices. Milling are quotable nt 75@S2Voc V,
ctl: fancy Feed, 82y 2 @B7Jic: cood to choice. 75
@S"2V 3 c; common to tair, &1v»(§/i2ifoc; Gray, 75@
@82i/"C; Ked, for seed. $l(a.ro's; Black, for seed,
l)0e(a?l 'JO: Surprise, 95c@$l.
COK.N-XO business., Large Yellow, 90<a92%c
V ctl; small i;ound do, $I®l 05; While, 8U(g.850.
KYE— K2V»@BSc '$ ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85c@$l %i ctl. .
FLOUR ANI> MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Quotations snow no change. Net cash
prices are: Family extras, $3 90 -I %* bbl; Bakers'
extras, *8 80@3 90; 6uperfine, $2 75@2 85 9 bbl.
CORNMEAIi. ETC.— Feed Corn, $20 50@21;
Crackeil Corn, $21@21 50 ft ton.
Ml LLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Klour, j
2»4c; Rye Flour, 3i/ic; Rice Flour. 7y-.c; Corn- i
meal, 234@3c; extra cream do, S^c; "Oatmeal,
S%c; Oat Groats. 4y 2 c: Homiuy, 4(^4V4C; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y a c: Farina,
4i.oc: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4%c;.
Piari Barley, 4y a c; Split Peas, 444 c; Ureeu do,
BViC ~f. Ib.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
r.KAN— fI3 60@14 50 ¥ ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI 6 50@18 for lower grades up to
$20 9 ion for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— KoIIed Barley, $16@17 %> (on:
Oil'ake Meal at tne mill, $21 '{•• ton; jobbing,
821 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, *"21.
HAY —No change In prices. Wheat is quotable
at $B<ffiia V ton: Oat. $B@9; Wheat and Oat. $8®
11; Barle3', *7fft9: Alfalfa, $7t09: Clover. $6<g,B 50;
Compressed, $7<<610 50) Stock, ij>6®7 %^ ton.
ST.KAW— 3s<g,tiOc 9 bale.
BEAMS AM> SEED),
BEANS — Very quiet and In ample supply.
Bavos are quotable at $I@l 15 t* ctl; Small
Whites. $1 25@1 55 f» ctl; Pea, $1 60@l 65;
Larce Whites, $1 15@1 27y s ; rink, 90c@$l 20:
Reds, 911 50@l t35: Blackeye, $1 80@l 90: Red
Kidney. SI 75@1 80; Limas, t'2 '2b(m'2 65; Butters
$1 60<ojl 75 %t ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at 91 95
@'2 05 'f> c;i: Trieste, $2(gr'2 V! 0 a ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 60: Flax, )fl 70(^1 75; Canary, al4
@3%c tt.: Alfalfa s@7c c* Ibi Rape, l%^tc%t
tt>: Hemp, 4< V Ib.
DRIKU PEAS— Nominal at $1 25@1 40 %i cil for
Niles.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES,
POTATOES— The market is weak but not ma
terially changed. New Potatoes, 3c lb; Stockton
Sweets, $1 50; .Merced Sweets, ?2@2 25 i>. ctl: Sa
linas Burbanks. 60@9(>c t^ ctl: itlver Burbanks,
'M(a,ioc V- sk: Oregon Burbanks, 40®60c: Oreeon
Garnet Chiles. 50@b0c; Hiver Reds, 00($60c V* ctl;
Early Ro3e, 80(575c; Petaliimaa and Tomales, 35
@45c.
ONIONS Are weak. Good to choice quoted at
60(a,75c ctl; Cut Onions, 40@50c; Oregon. 65®
90c r ctl.
VEGETABLES— Some kinds were rather lower.
Cacomben quotable at $I@2 %* doz: Asparagus,
10(£20c %*■ tt> for ordinary and 22V2@25cfor choice;
Rliubarb, B@loc 'f, tb; Mushroonis. ]o@2sc '0 lb;
Dried I'eppers, B@loc V tt,; Green Peppers.
%i lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25@2 r
box: Gre^n Peas. 4@,7c "f. n>; String Beans. 10
C£lsc: Dried Okra, 12y c; Cabbage, 41-@soc f« ctl;
Garlic, 4&5 c t> lb; Marrowial Squash, $is(o,'j(j r*
tou. -- .-; ? -r- ' , -
BUTTEK, CUEESK AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market continues steady at un
changed prices.
Cekameby— Fancy. 28@29c f, lb; special brands
go higher; seconds, 26gt27V&c '$, lb.
Dairy— Fancy. 26fq27c; good to choice, v:4@
25c ; lower grades, 22V2®23i/2C.
Easti'-RK— Ladle-packed, i»@]Bc^ lb.
CHKEhE — Fancy mild new is fluotable at
12y @13c V lb; common 10 good, .10(&12c: Cream
Cheddar, 12(<$13c ? lb; Youn<? America, 12'a)13(;;
WesL^rn, Iay 2 @l 3c; Eastern, 13@14c.
EGGS— The market was neakor and quieter yes
terdej'. Reoefpta were larger and buyers held off
in consequence. Furthermore, the rumors about
Oregonl K«^-s tend to weaken quotations. Store
Eggs, 15(5,1t>c; ranch Eggs, 16@18c %>, dozen.
rODLTKY AND GABIE.
POULTRY— The week" closed with large stocks
of domestic and Eastern Hens and Roosters on
hand to be carried over to Monday.^These descrip
tions are weak. Turkeys and young Ducks alone
are steady. Eastern Poultry is quoted at $s(g>s 50
for Hens.' «5 60@*i for young Roosters ana *4(g)4 50
for old Roosters.
Live Turkeys, ll@l2c %4 lb for Gobblers and 12@
13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 13®16c; Geese jrt
pair. 81 50@X 75; Ducks, 94 50@6'forold and $5
(a.7 60 for young; Hens, $3 f>ofoi4 50: Hoosters,
young. $4 50ra.5: do, old, $3 50(g>4: Fryers, $4®
4 CO: Broiler*. $4@4 60 for large and $;<§i3 50 for
Riinill; Pigeons, $1 />6@)2 25 f. doz for young and
$1 50 for old.
GAME— The market was weak and some kinds
were lower. liar-, 50r<i75c doz; Rabbits, $1(8)1 25
for Cottontails and 75c tor small ; Gray Geese, $1 50
@2; White Geese. 75@50c; Brant, 75c(3$j : Honk
ers, $2@2 50; English Snipe, $2 60; Jack Suipe,
i?l r l . doz.
DECinrors AND CITBCS fkuits.
•APPLES-85c@?l fl box for good to choice, SO
@75c for common to fair aiifl $1 25@1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Quiet, unchanged. Oranges,
76c@$l 21 for Seedlings and $1 75@2 75 for Navels
badly lmsted stock goes still lower; Lemons, $1@
1 60 for common and $2®2 60 for good to 'choice:
Mexican Limes. $s(s!> r>o: California Limes. 65®
85c: liananus, $1 25@2 60$ bunch; Pineapples, $<:
@5 t* dO7.ei> , .
DRIED *KIiITS, KAiS:NS, Nt'TS, ETC.
DRIED FItTJITS— long-expected revival has
not yet appeared and there is nothing doing. The
following prices ruie on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples,' 2y 2 @3c $ tb for quar
tered, 3@3y a c *$ lb for sliced and 414 c j lb for
evaporated; Peaches. 3V2@4c f» Ilb and 6y @6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7-Vi®
BVs c for prlmo to choice. ; 9VaC for fancy and lUtdj
! lie for fancy Moorpark: Flgs.blacif. 2%c
! for unpressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks: Pears,
, 7c V. lb for evaiiorated halves. 46ttfVic ty lb for
! quarters; X'runes- 3%c: Plums, 4c 1* lb • for pit-
I ted and - iy 2 @2y 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, s@tic
%* lb for prime 16 choice and 6Vjc for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Apples. 4<§)4y e: Peaches. 3@
4c and 5c for fancy ; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c fy lb for 40fgi50's
and 6c for 50(SC0's: Apricots. 6@9V2 C for prime to
choice and lo(alllc for ! fancy Moorpark; Figs,
black, uy4@2%c: White Figs, 3ffl)sc; Pears, 6V2C
tor evaporated halves and S@s"Vnc for quarters;
Plums, 3y 2 @40 for pitted and i@l y a c • for un
pitted: Nectarines. 4@sc lb for prime to choice.
: RAISINS AND DlllED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lot?, f. o. b. San Francisco: Lon
don layers, 85@90c box; four-crown, loose,' ss^c
%i lb; three-crown, f loose, 214 c %4 lb; two-crown,
Stci seedless Sultanas, 4@4c; seealess Muscatels,
2V ; j@'-*4c: three-crown i.bndon layers, 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters, $2 10@2 25;
Imperial clusters, f 2 60&2 75; Dried Grapes, VSVic
T« lb. ''■"..■ '" -■'.;'.',; :
Jobbino 'Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c: 3
crown, 2i/i@2J / c: 2-crown, 134@v!c; Seedless Sui
tsnns. 3 /i<siic; Stcdless Muscatels, l!V^c; 3-crowu
London layers. 85c@$l; clusters, $1 40@l 50
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75
Dried « rapes, 2y?c. ■ ■ • ■
Chestnuts, 6@Bc #.lb; Wainuts, 7(318c
%» lb for No 1 hard und 9@9y a for Bortshell, .iob
bins; lots; Almonds, 6@7y_>c for Languedoc and
Bi."@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, s@6c
for"it.astern and 3%@4y2<5 f° r California; Hickory
Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c lor rough and Be. for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c: Brazil JN'uts, 2 @Bc %i lb;
Cocoannts. $4 50@5 9 100. • , ■
HON'KY- is quotable at 10@12c tt)
for bright and B@9c '$ Ib for lower grades; wat»r
white extracted, 5@5y 2 c Is, lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4iA@434c; dark amber, 4c: dark, 2@i3c
BEESWAX-24@27c %» Ib.
PKO VISIONS.-
CURED MEATS— Hams, Bacon and Lard have
all advanced i/ 2 i* lb- - No change In barreled
goods. Bacon is quotable at 6V*c lb for heavy,
7yjc Sf* lb for light medium, 9i 2 c for light, 10y c
for extra light and 12%0 for sugar-cured; East
ern Suear-curea liams. llVfec: California Hams,
30v£10i/<jC; aless JJeef, ifS "f* bbl; extra mess do,
S8 50; family do. $10: extra prime Pork, $9 bbl;
extra ciear. im '$ bbl; mess. $14 %* bbl; Smoked
8.-ef. 10@)10y c^n). .
LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is quotable at 6y 2 c «*
Ib for comi)o;inii and 8c for pure; pails, 8y 2 c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6y 2 c tor pure;
half-bbls, 6SAc: 10-lb tins, 7',2C; do 51b, 7%c & Ib.
COTTOLKA'K— 7I/40 in tierces and 8c %i lt> iv 10
--lb tins. ' • •
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOIi AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Heavy salted steers, 7c
lb: culls and brands. tic t* lb; medium, tic; culls
and brands. sc; light sc; culls and brands. Cow
hides, s©sVbc: culls and brands, 4@4y c; salted
KiD. 5c "# lb; salted Calf, 8c Ib: salted veal.
6c: ary Hides, lO@llc; culls and brands, 7C47%c;
dry X"in and Veal, 9c: culls, 6y 2 (»7c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskin 3, 20@35c each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c: medium. Js(4>
25c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, sheurling*, 10;^
15c»»oh: short wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40
@50c each long wool, Ouc eacn. Cullu of all kinds
about i.»c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3i-2@lc; No. 2, 3c;
retined, 5%c: Grease, 2V 2 c %* Ib.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore-
lordillc lb; San Joaquln und Southern. 3@
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@tSc ii Ib.
HOPS— 3@6c f< ib.
GJSSmBJkIi 3IEUCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
f4 12i/ 2 @4 25; San Quentiu, S4 20; Wool Bags,
24@26c7
COAL— Wellington is Quotable at $8 '$ ton;
New Wellington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50
* ton: Seattle, $5(c85 -.Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay,
$5: Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brvmbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Kgg, : Cannel.sß: Kock Springs. Ca3tie
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 60 1 ton in sacks.
KlCK— Chinese mixed, $3 -J5(0,3 45: No. 1, $3 55
f)3 75 cil; extra No. 1. $3 90@4 10; Hawaiian,
$3 62y.; Japan, $3 65@4 12V : Rangoon, $3 10
a cti.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotus.terms, net cash: Cube, Crushea, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c: Dry Granulated, SV4C:
Confectioners' A, sy e: Magnolia A, 4S/ c; Extra
C, 41/ ac; Golden C, 43/ s c; half-barrels, . y±c more
than barrels, and boxes 1/3 C more.
sVKUP— in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
*gtU. .
SAN FKANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers areas follows:
BEEF— quality, Bi/ic: second quality,
4y 2 @sc: third do. 3i/ 2 @40 %i Ib.
VEAL— Large, s@bc; small. 6(^7c f* Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6^%07c; fDwea, 6@6y c
H Ib.
LAMB-Spring Lamb, 12y ; yearling 3, 7@Bc
¥• lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4V4c for large and 4Vi@
4S/ 8 for small; dressed do, 6@6i.4c 'f, lb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
flour.qr. sks 15,463;Pe1t5, bdls..« 696
Oregon 4.250 Wine, sals. .52.100
Wheat, ctls 118,305 Brandy, gals 3,100
Oregon 280 Butter, ctls .... 253
Barley, ctls.. l,23slCheese. ctls 7
Potatoes. Bks. 2,2o9;Eggs, doz 11.190
Oregon 2,932; Leather, rolls 'JOH
Onions, ska 290iQuicksilver, flasks 23
Oregon 195 Wool, bis „ 34
Hay. tons. 372 Paper, reams...... 4,260
Br»n, ntcs 3Ss'Lumber. M feel... '20
Or.-son 5,250JTa110w. ctls -25
Middlings, 5k5..... Chicory, bbls 100
Uides, no 1.455'
Miss Anna E. Ticknor, a daughter of the
I late George Ticknor, has presented to tne
Boston Public Library the original auto
graph manuscript of one of Lopede Yoga's
best known plays, "El Castigo Sin Venga
uza" ("Punishment Without Revenge
written in 1631. The manuscrist is plain,
legible and well preserved.
TIIK CALL CALENDAR.
Febbuaey, 1896.
M.
Tu.
I i
Tta.l
£
n
Moon's Phases.
i
i ;
i
(F"\ Last Quart (
February
3
1
4
6
7
8
14
15 |
1 f£\ New Moon.
! Vfir February J3
10
11
12
20
| 17
19
! I
21
—
3 First Qua:
February
ie
18
22
i 25
•
I
39 I
llVl Full Moon.
.^February 28
24
26 I
: 27i
I 28 !
OCEAN STKAJIKHS.
Date* or Departure irom San '"r«nri«co.
STF.AMKK. I litSTINATIO^ |
sa i us.
J PIER.
bt Paul ! NewDort i Feb 17. 9am
Del None .. Grays Haroor. | Feb 17, 3pm
Faralion — i aaulna .Bay.. : 18.10 am
*.ra«o Coosiiar.. I FeblB.loAM :
Queen Portland FeblB,lUAU
/ealandia... Panama.'. 18.12 m '
Point Loms. ! Grays Harbor. ! Febl9,l'2v
Corona ,San Dieeo i Feb 19.11 am
CityPuebla.. Vlc«fcpEtSnii ! Feb 19. Dam
Pomona j Humboldtßay : Feb 19. 2pm
Homer Coos Bay iKebM). fti>M
San Juan.... Cen America.. i i 'eb2o,l2M
Eureka . Newoor: Feb2l. «am
State of Ca! Portland ' 28.10 am
SantaKosa.. San Dieeo..... I 23.11 am
WnllaWalla Vie d: Pgt Snd Fcl) '.'4. 9am
Pier 11 •
i'VeV'a
! Pier 13
Tier 24
'PUSH
, Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 9
Oceanio
Pit S3
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 9
STKA3IEKS TO ARRIVE.
KIR
UUU WUI , ,
Bel None.'.
Progressist
i ami lon
Willamette
Mexico
City or Everett
Point i.onm
Corona
Willamette Vai.
City of Peking..
Crescent City...
Homer
Eureka
Gen Elder....
Banßennp......
Proereso
Walla Wa11a....
State of Ca!
Santa itosa.
North Forli
Empire.
Pomona.
Araeo
ram
San J05e...;'....
Sydney....
Grays Harbor .'
Comox
I Ynauina -8ay...... ...
1 Portland
Sun Dlezo ,
Departure Bay .-.
jUrays Harbor...
Hum bold Bay
j Mexico
I China & Japan
Crescent, City-.......;..
I Coos nay
Newport
'Portland 
| I'acoma "
i Seattle.
Victoria <& Puget Sound
I Portland
Han Diego 
! Hum bold t Bay
I Portland
iiumboidc Bay
Coo» Bay
Newport. .......
■ Panama,
..Fob 16
..fr'eb 16
..Feb 16
..Feb 17
..Feb 17
..FeD 17
..Feb 17
..FeD 17
..Feb 18
..Feb 18
..Feb 18
..Feb 18
..Feb 18
..Feb 19
..Feb 19
..Feb 20
..Feb 20
..Feb 20
. Feb V 0
..Feh 21
..Feb St 2
..Feb 22
.Feb '2'i
..Fet) 23
..Feb 23
..F«b 23
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast ant> Gkodetic Survey Tide")
BIJI/LETIV PtJBMSHKT) BY OFFICIAL >
AtTTHOBITY OJF THE SCPKHINTENDKST. J
Sunday, I'eb. 16. Sunday, Feb. 16.
rises 6.68 Sunsets 5.51
February— lß96.
TtaM Fee[ Timej
:H W !L Wl
Feet |Tlme I
!H W|
FBet |Tlme
II w
2.10
2.29
2.51
3.20
4.01
4.6 8.12
4.7! X.51
4.8 9.44
4 X 10.44
4:8 11.50!
4.8 • 12.55
6.0; 1.05
v-8* 4.1 1 ¥.30
3.20 3.8 7.52
! 3.10 3.3 8.20
4.10! - 3.0! 8.63
6.31 2.9 9.30
7.47 2.9 10.21
8.58 3.2 11.39
I 9.42! 3.6
l.'J
i.6
'2.1
2.5
'2.9
3.0
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, und the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere am but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts.
HVOKOGBAPHiC BULLETIN.
BiiAKcii Hydkoobaphic Office., TJ. S. IT. v
Merchants' Exchange. >-
San Fkancisco. February 15, 1898. J '
■The time ball on Telegrapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at Br. if., Greenwich time. ■
" . A. F. Fkchtelbr,
• Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charge. :
SOTICE TO MARINERS.
Coquille River Light Station.
Notice is hereby plven that on or about February
29, 1898, a light of the fourth order, showing Mxed
white for 2S seconds followed by an eclipse of a
seconds, will be established in the structure re
cently erected on the westerly part of Rnckliff
Rock. >>. side of the month of the Coquille River.
The light will illuminate the entire horizon, but
can be seen from seaward only between cape ,\ra,o
to the northward and tnu outlying rocks to the
southward.
The focal plane of the light will be 62 feet above
mean high water, and the light may be seen 12-, a
miles In clear weather, the observer's eye 16 feet
above the sea.
The light will be shown from a black lantern
surmounting a conical tower. 40 feet high from the
rock to the focal plane, attached to the easterly
aide of a fog-signal building. The tower and build
ins are white with a stone foundation. The roof
of the fog-sicnal building is brown.
A white one and a half story double dwelling
with brown roof stands on the sand dunes about
650 feet northeasterly from the tower, and a white
barn is located 150 feet to the northward of the
dwelling.
The approximate geojrraphlcal position of the
light as taken from chart No. G9OO of the U S
Coast and Geodetic Survey is:
Latitude, Xorth, -13 dog. 07 mm. 13 sec.
Longitude, West 124 deg. 25 ruin. 40 sec.
During thick or foagy weather a Daboll trumpet
will sound blasts of 5 seconds' duration separated
by silent intervals of 25 seconds, thus:
Silent Silent
Blast Interval Hlnst Interval
ostel 25 sec. 5 sec. 25 sec.
By order of the Light-house Board.
John G. Walker,
Rear-Admiral, U. s. Xavy. Cliutrman.
SUH'HXG IXXELLIGEXCU."
Arrived.
. SATURDAY. February 15.
Rtmr Bertha, Hays, : 9 day's from Unalaska;
pass and ballast, to Alaska Commercial Co.
SimrGeo Loomis, Bridgett, 36 Lours from Ven
tura: oil, to Pacific OH Co. .
Stmr National City, Andresen, 12 hours from
Navarro: 10,400 r r ties, to C A Hooper <fc Co.
Stmr Queen, Green, 68 hours from Portland,
via Astoria 45 hours: pass and mdse, to Oregon
Railway and Navigation Co.
Stmr St Paul, Greeu, 70 nours fm Newport, eic:
pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins Jfc Co.
Simr City of Pueblu, Debncy, OS hrs from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Gootlall. Perkins & Co.
Stinr Arago. Reed. 56 hours from Coos Bay: pass
and mdse, to Oregon Coal and Nay Co. Disabled
stmr Arcuta in tow.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins, from sea on account of
breaking shaft.
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson. 27 days fromllilo.
via Honolulu 33 days; sugar to J I) Spreckels &
aros Co.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson, 50 hours from
Albion; lumber, to Albion Luml.er Co.
Schr Seven Sisters, Kasmussen. 2 days from
Bowens Landing: 165 M ft lumber, to P Heywood.
Cleared.
SATURDAY, February 15.
Br stmr Garlic, Pearne. Yokohama and Hong
kontr: OS s Co.
stmr Australia, Houdlette. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bro3 Co.
cjtmr Corona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
Co.
Stmr St Paul, Duggan, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins <fc Co.
Stmr Wnshtenaw, Croscup, Champerico; Pacific
Mall Steamship Co.
Stmr North* Fork, Hansen, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Br ship Clan Ualbraith, Hinds, Queenslown; Gir
vin & Eyre.
Br ship Drumlanrisr, Farren, Cape Town; Catton,
Bell & Co.
BrshipLamorna, Crichton, Hull; JEppinger &
Co. . .
Ship lienry Villard, Patten, Hilo; J D Spreckels
& Bros Co.
Bark Rufus E Wood, McLeod, Nanaimo: John
Rosenfeld's Sous.
Sailed.
SATURDAY. February
D S stmr Adams. . cruise.
Stmr Corona, Doran, Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendscino.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield. Tacoma.
Brstinr Gaelic. Pearne. Yokohama and Hong
kong.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu.
Stiur Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego, etc
Ship Kenilworth, Baker, Honolulu.
Ital ship Kalvatore Ciampa, Cocurallo. Sydney.
Bark Rufus' E Wood, McLeod, Nauairuo.
Schr Mary Etta. Wetzel, Fisks Mill.
Schr C T Hill, Kudback, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson. Fisks Mill.
Schr Okanogan, Moore, Port Gamble.
Scnr Kessio K. Anderson, Albion.
Schr Queen, Edwardsen.
Schr Orient, Mitchell.
Schr W S Phelps, O'Farrell.
Teiegrapliic.
POINT LOBOS— Februarv 15-10 pk- Weather
Clear; wind N\V; velocity 6 miles.
Charter*.
The bark Prussia loads cannery supplies for
Alaska; bark Rufus E Wood, coal at Nunaimofor
this port; 15r ship Snaigow, lumt>erat Port Blake
ley for Melbourne, 40s, Sydney, 3:2s 6d.
Spoken.
Feb 12—I.at 50 N, lons 17 W, Brship Wasdale,
from Shields, for San Francisco.
J>ornestic Ports.
POINT ARENA— Feb 15— Stmr Sunol,
hence Feb 14.
NEWPORT— Arrived Feb IB— Stmr Westport,
from Fort Brugg.
CASPAR— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Jewel, hence
Feb 14. • -
POtiT GAUBLE— Arrived Feb 15— Bark Fresno,
hence Feb 1.
OL.ALLAM: BAY— Sailed Feb 15— Ship Two
Brothers and so!;r Annie Larsen.for San Francisco:
schr Reporter, for Kan Pedro.
PORT TOWKSBNB— Arrived Feb Brship
City of Hankow, from Callao. • i
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived F«b 14— Schr
Fanny Dutard, hence Feb 4: Dark Columbia, hence
Feb 1.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 15— Stmr City of Ev
erett, from Departure Bay. for Snn Francisco.
REDON DO— Arrived Feb 15— Bktn Portland, fm
Seattle. . ■
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Homer, hnc
Feb 18.
CUFFEYS COVE— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Alca
zar, hence Feb 14.
! ASTORlA— Arrived Fod 15— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Feb 13; schr Glen, hence Feb 4.
balled Feb 15— Br bark Glengeber. for Cape
Town: Br ship Bedfordshire, for Queenstown.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 15— Stmr Noyo: stmrs
South Coast and Nuvarro, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Alice Blanchard, hence
Feb 14. :
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 15-Schr
Barbara Hernster, from Ventura.
Sailed Feb — '-chr Mionterey.for San Francisco.
FORTBKAGG— SaiIed Feb 15— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco. .
Forelen Ports.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Feb 15— Bark Big Bo
nanza, from hiladelpliia.
ADELAIDE— Arrivtd Feb 11— Ger bark Bertha,
from Tacoma.
BRlSTOL,— Arrived Feb 14— Ship May Fliut.hnc
Oct 7.
FALMOUTH-SalledFeb U-Br ship Toxteth,
for Antwerp.
LONDON-Salled Feb 14— Br ship lirenda, for
San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Feb 12— Br ship
Celtic Monarch, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 11— Br stmr Belgic,
for San Francisco.
Movements of Trana- Atlantic Steamers .
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Germanic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr St Louis,
from Southampton.
balled Feb 15— Stmr Aur:tnia, for Liverpool:
itmr Maasdam, for Rotterdam; stmr Patria, for
Hamburg; stmr La Gascogne, for Havre; stmr
Hekla. for Copenhagen.
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed Feb 15-Stmr Paris,
for New York.
BREMERHAVEN— SaiIed Feb 15-Stmr Halle,
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Feb 15— Stmr La Bourgogne,
for New York. •
LlZAßD— Passed Feb 15— Stmr La Touraine.fm
New York, lor Havre.
importations.
CAYUCOS— Per St Paul-17 cs eggs, 1 pkg oast-
Ings. 81 bis butter, 38 dressed calves. 1 bx molds.
Gaviota— 8 sks corn, 2 i>.\ butter, 4cs eggs, 44
sks crawfish. 7 hides. >':-;.'
Harris— l bx butter.
Arroyo Grande— l bx butter, 6cs eggs.
Nipoma— s2o sks wheat, 1 bx butter, 1 cs eggs, 1
bdl trees. '
San Slnr-on— s bxs fish, Ibx groceries, 3 tubs 57
bxs butter, t> cs eggs. 12 dressed calves.
Los Olivos— 2 cs eggs.
Santa Maria— 7 cs eggs, 6 bxs butter, 7 bales pep
per.
Sau Luis Obispo— lo bxs butter, Ibx lamp wicks.
Santa Cruz— 2 bxs fish.
Santa Barbara— l bx machinery, 35 bxs lemons,
1 pkg mds».
Port Harf ord— 2 pkgs fish. '-■ $?', ■.'■
Ventura— l sk coffee, scs eggs, | 209 bxs oranges,
62 bxs lemons, 26 hxs tangerines, 1 bx hardware.
Newport— 349 bxs oranges. 824 sks corn, 2 bdis
burlap, 4 bxs lemons, 1 bx molding.
VICTOKIA— Per City of Puebla— lo V 2 chts tea,
I sk sugar, 1 chest, 1 sealed bag.
- Seattle— ll pkgs household goods, 1 csdry goods,
10 bxs smoked salmon, 4 pails salt fish, 20 bdls
smoked fish, 10 bxs smoked fish, 1 bx knives, 1 cs
clothing, 2 bxs paper napkins, 214 sks potatoes. y%
bbl coffee, 1 cs furnishing goods, 2 bdls calf hides.
II bdls dried skins, 1 reel cable, 1 bbl whisky, 27
sks bones. 1600 ft lumber, 10 bdls shingles. 5 bbls
lead. 1 sk lead, 10 kess ualls, 73 bdls green hides. 1
bx advertising . matter, , 3•: bxs bicycles, 257 bdls
salt hides, 1 bx halibut. 4 pKga smoked herring, 2
pkgs buckllugs, 32 pkgs sides, 1 pkg chair:), 7ya
bbls syrup, 4 cs syrup. 5 tubs sugar, 1 bx personal
effects, 946 tons coal, 2 sealed bags. • ' ■ -':"
Seattle via G N By— l bx saddles, 1 chest tools.
Tacoma— l cbst charts; 580 sks flour, Ibx booics,
1 sk clothing. 6 bxs mush., 1 bx glassware, scs
screens, V bdls hides, 2 cs dry goods. 168 sks bones,
4 bdls rutfg. 1 bx canned goods.
Tacoma west of Fargo— 7oo sks flour, 1200 qr
sks flour, 510 sks fiaxseed,4 pkgs household goods,
305 sks wheat, 931 sk» oats.
East of Fargo via Tacoma— l bx hardware, 12
bxs plates, 16 pcs flat iron, 4 bdls flat iron, 3 bxs
copper tubing. 2 center plates, vs ke^s rivets and
bolts. 1 iron flange. >
Everett— 2 kegs nails, 400 bars bullion, 254 bdls
7 cs paper. 2200 pkgs sides, 40 pkgs car strips, 40
pkgs cleats, 1080 pkgs ends.
New Whatcom— ll bxs plates. 2290 sks oats, 328
bdls smoked herrings, 6V2 bbls fish, 12 pails 3 kegs
2i/j bbls smoked herrings. 6 kits sardines. :
Vancouver— llo cs smoking tobacco. 40 cs hats,
60 bDls R oil, 1 cs cigars, 27 oxs enameled ware.
PORTLAND— p er Queen— 2s76 rolls matting, 1
bx P ware, 823 bdls 530 pkgs paper, 68 sks dry
salts, 680 sks oil cake, 800 qr-sks 1260 gunnies
fioiT, 3225 sks potatoes, 195 sks onions, 101 pkgs
bams, lard etc; 210 sks wheat, 5250 sks bran and
shorts. '.
HILO AND HONOLULU— Per Santlago-26,231
bags sugar. . ; . ■ • ....,.-. •
■ COOS BAY— Per Arago— 2 sks cascara. 1092 cs
salmon, 3 bdls hides. 6 bdlsgreen hides, 1 bdl ary
hides, 45 bxs apples, 806 sks potatoes, 5 chests ex-'
press, — M ft lumber, 4 bags coin. 800 tons coal.
Consig;
: Per Queen— M J Brandensteln <fc Co; Easton &
Schwartz; W & J Sloane <fc Co; Willamette Pulp &
Paper Co; Armour <fc Co; Western Roll PaperCo;
Wolf Son; Allen <fc Lewis; D E Allison «fc Co;
Jonas Erlanger <& Co; Moore, FeTgnson & Co; Kin
pan <& Co; H Dutard ; Otis. McAllister <fe Co; Dalton
Bros; Geo Morrow & Co. : ' -• .
- I'er St Paul— S P Milling Co; C E Whitney & Co;
Dodge, Sweeney &Co: Hilmer, Bredhoff ASchulz;
Buss, Sanders &Co SVitzel «fe Baker; Labor .* Ex
change: Norton. Teller <fe Co: Erlanger <fc Gallnger:
Brigham, Hoppe <fc Co; A Paladlni ; J H Cain & Co;
Pacific Coast • Oil Co; Buffalo Brewery : Chicago
Brewery; Fredericksburg Brewery ; FBHaight:
standard Oil Co: Wleland Brewing Co: Arctic Oil
Works; Chicago Brewery: Dairymen's Union: S
Levy A Co: W B Sumner & Co; American Union
Fish Co: Gould & JautUn; Gray <fc Karbieri; F Url
dtCo: McDonough<fe Runyon; Western Meat Co;
Wi'tmore Bros; C.etz Bros <fc Co; Kowalsky&Co:
L D Stone & Co: Chas MontKomery & Co: Charles
Jacobson; II Dutard: M T Freitas & Co; Immel &
Co; O B Smith & Co; Marshall, Teggart <fc Co; Pio
neer Fish Co: G Cammoni <fe Co: Milani & Co: v G
Wickson; H Cohn; J .Hoffman; J A Folder & Co;
Dalton Bros: GC Starr & Co'; J Demattini; P Gus
muni; W W Montague & Co.
Per City of Pnebla— A schilling A Co; London,
Paris and American Bank: Wells, Fargo & Co; H
Kenner; Columbia Woolen Mills: Duff&Co; GA
Kobbins&Co: Hoffman A Alexander; Granucci
Bros: GC Howard; John V English: Ichl Bros;
Llevre, Fricke &Co: John F English: Lowenberc
<fc Co; Pacific Bon^ Fertilizing Co: Kowalsky & Co;
Moore, Hunt & Co; W B Sumner A Co: Western
Union Telegraph Co; Selby Smelting and Lead Co;
Wasnbura A Moen; W B Sumner <fc Co: A Baker;
American Union Fish Co: Wiclaud Bros: Oregon
Imp Co; VV II Nolan: Kissinger* Co: Flsk Bar
nett; LJMUIer; LD Stone* Co; C D Bunkpr S
Co: Levi Strauss A; Co; C X Whitney <t Co; Wm
Roth: Cunningham, Curtiss & Welch: J C Bauer <fe
Co: C J Leiot & Co; Hermann & Co: S H Frank <fe
Co: Kewberger, Reisa&Co; Williams. Brown &
Co; Dunham, Carrigan & Co: H Dutard: John Hen
derson; Kittle & Co; Moore. Ferguson & Co; Sears
& Co; Thos Wntson; Amer Press Assn : Stevenson
A Co; Union Machine (Jo: Baker & Hamilton: W
G Kichurdson: Stauft'er & Co; Semi-Tropic Fruit
Kxehunge; Anspacher Bros; Getz Bros <fc Co ; H
LeviACo: American Tobacco Co: Geo Partridge ;
S Levy A Co; Triest A Co: F Chevalier A Co.
Per Santiago -JU Spreckels A Bros Co; Wil
liams, Dimon<l A Co.
Por Arago— Wells, Fargo A Co: Standard Oil Co;
Marshall, Teggart A Co; M P Detels* S Strouse;
Garcia A DCagxial ; De Bernardi & Co™ H Dutard;
PA Iluell A Co; John L Howard; Jacobson A
J.oh:e: C M Voluman A Co.
jUßili OFFICE FURNITURE
]: --WS AND FIXTUR
M^MS c ' F * WEBER & CO.,
ls^g3 gas;a 300 to 30fi Post, St.. cor. Stockton
ocEAir steamships:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COBPANI
CUT RATES
— .—TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
IT'ix-erfc Class AB.OO
Second Class... 6SOO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
800DALL, PERKINS A CO.,
General Agenta.
TO
ASTORIA PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at -19 Mont-
gomery street. ■."-;;.:
Columbia sails February IS and 28
btate of California sails. .February '23 and March 4
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
GOODaJLL, PERKINS <fe CO., Genl. Supts.
_ F. i\ CONNOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
QTEAMER.S WILL SAIL FROM Am
Broadway wharf, Sau Franciaca as mHAMt.
follows:
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel. Juaeau, KU-
llsnoo Sltka (Alaska), at a a. m., Feo. 14, 29,
March 15, 30. '
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes andNe*
Whatcom (Bellin&nam Bay, Wash.), 9 a. v.
1-eb. 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. f. It. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Pors Townsend wltli
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landin? (Hum- .
boldt Bay) Btr. Pomona, 2 P. M., F^b. 3, 7, 11, 15,
19. 23, 27, and every iounh day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncos,
Port Harford (^San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East Saa'
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. if., Feb.
1,5. 9, 13, 17,21, 25,29, and every tounh day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stoppln; only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m., Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knspuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guayruas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treet.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
• 10 Market St., San Francisco.
OCEAJIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
.rtffiKQ»». Coolgardie gold field)
._mK TO *^Bt (FreemanUe). Austra-
jErA? UnuWV. Ha: 2:io iirat class.
JKSFcf' nU!\j o| i||tj» $110 steerage. Lowest
rutes to . a Petovvu.
fcoa:h Africa,
JsSjf/ -)]^Lta \^^ Australi;m steamer,
i |W| O^itt— J«lra Honolulu nnd Auck-
Kgl T*yJ l irYi^lEß iunfl ' 'l'bursday, March
T&xxS&fflrli&v^yffljr Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Batur-
day ' -^^e ll 10, at 10
Spkctai. Paktiks.— Keduced rates for parties
March 10 and An"i 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
-Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPBECKELS & BROS. CO.,
General Agents.
COjIPAGME GENERAL TRAXSATLAXTItp
Frencb. Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NOHTH J*_sB_
\J River, foot of Morton st. TruvoU>rshy
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aud
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. iS'ew YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160; second-class, $116. .
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
Feb. 29, lr.K
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle.,
..........'.... ...1.. March 7, 6 a. m
LAGASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelou
- March 14, 10 a. m
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
March 21, 5 a. if
JO* For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
r.T. F. FUGAZI * CO., Agents, 5 .Montgomery
avenue, .San Francisco. • . .
lETHEHLAIDB AMERICAN STEAM SAVI-
GATIOS COMPANY.
New York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
a.m.-
Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin 845 and
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowest steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local ticket agent or
THOMAS COOK <fe SON,. Pacific Coast passenger
agents, 621 Market St., S. F. , _.
WHITE jSTAR LINE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamers
. BETWEEN .' . '
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING EVEItY 'TV'JKJSK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jsm_«_
inz to steamer and accommodations mStSm
selected; second cabin, $35 and 840; Maje.-nic h.;id
Teutonic, Steerage Tickets from England, • Ire-
laud, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. ... Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVEUV, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. . O. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent tor Paciiic Coast.,
ROYAL MAIL STEAMIPACRET COMPAHI.
STEAMERS LEAVE A3PINWALL .fiWSU
fortnightly for the West Indies and «^3RtT
Southampton, calling en route .at Oarbourgh.
France, ancPPlymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thlrfl i
•IMS, 907 50. For further particulars apply to -
- ■■:-'.:■■■; VARKOTT & CO., Agents,
306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave. Pier No. 3, Washing-ton S*_
. At 5 P. 31, Daily, Except Stlkkny.
jjfS" Accommodations Reserved by Tel.Sß'ne.
STEAAEEK-: ■ -^
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Slary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 806. C.U. Kav. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO, MARE ISLAND, *BESICU. PORT
. (OSTA AND CROCKETT.
STE. MOXTICELIO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. m.
and 4 P. if. ; Saturday, ,1*2 :30 nooa ;
- Sunday — p. m. ' ■• -
*4 P. M. only.
Lauilins, mission 1, Pier 2.
OCEAN STEAMSHIP^
LOW RATES BY RAIL
i=»<3n. i 3[ 3L»^.isrx>. on.
TUESDAY .....FEBRUARY 18,
And Every Fiffh Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. C'o.'s Ferry landing, foot
. of Market St.. at 8:00 p. m.
A*l Cft— Including Berth in Pullmaa TourUt
W (iDU Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In Q] X.O!>
Pullman Standard Sleeper, «ip -•- «-' —
SPECIAL NOTICE.
• This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa»
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will UclceU 1m
sold or baggage checked to such points.
Air Through Tickets for Puget Sound
points on Sale at Kecluced Kates.
For further information. apply at ••>;■•.
613 MAKKET STRKKT (Grand Hotel <
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, • - T. H^ GOODMAN,
Gen. Trullic Mgr. Geri. Paas. Agt
RAILROAD TRAVEt:
SOUTHERN I'tciFir COXPAHT.
. (PACIFIO SVSTKM.H C) k
Trulu learo noil are das to nri'l ye mt
san i:t»'.<ls(;i
I.KAVK — From November. 20, 1305. — akiuv
6:30 a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations.. 10: ISA
7:»Oa Atlantic Kxpress. Ogdeu and Kabt.. 8:4."»»
7:OOa Benicia, Vacaville. Rumsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Daris. . . . 7:13p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis.
toga and Santa Koea 6:13r
8:'<I0a Niles, 6au Jose, btocUtnn, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvillo, Red Bluff
'■- '■'-■' and Sundays exceptedOroTille.... "t:18p
•8:30 a Peters aud Milton «7:lSp
»:O« \ Han Leandro, Uaywardß & Way St'ns 11>49a
8:00 a Los Angeles Kxpr.ss, Raymond, -
- -rj-r. (for Yosemite), Santa liarbara
and Los AiikcH-s 4:4S*
O:OOa Martinez and Stockton 10:43 a.
10:OOa Ban Leaodro, l£dyw&rds and Niles.. 1:43r
12:OOm Saa Leandro, Haywards A Way St'ns 2:4Sr
l:OOp Kites, San Jose and Livermore 8:».5a
•l:O0p Stcramento River Steamers *O:OOp
fl:SOpPovt Costa and Way SUtions i':4ir
•a:OOp San Leandro, Hajrwards Way Bfn3 5:45»
4:00p San Leandro, Haywards & Way Rfns 6:48p
*:00p Martinez, San Rainon. Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, LI Verano and
Santa F.oaa »ilBa
€>••* Benlcia. Esparto, Woodland, i S
s Knights Landing, Marysvillo,
Orovillo and Sacramento I»:4I»«
*tB«p Nile 3, San Joso, Livermora and
Stockton 7t15»
5:00p San Leandro, Haywards 4 Way St'ns . 8:45»
Bs3Or Kew Orleans Expresa.Fresno.Bakers-
Celd, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles,
Demlng, Ell'aso, llaw Orleans and
East [■•'l9*
3i3op Santa Fo Route. Atlautio Expreu
for Mojave and East JO»4sa
6:00p European Mail, Ogden and Katt.... 0:43 a
6:OUp Haywards, Kiles San Jose 7:43 a
t7:OOr Vallejo f7:43p
7:OOp Oregou l^xpresn, Sacramento, Marys-
■»ille, Redding. rortland. Puget
Sound mid East 10:434
7:00 p San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'ns lO:3Op
9:00p San Leandro. Hay Way Sfns ttl2:O*A
fl«>«0p "Sunset LJailted," Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orle&os . " • -
and East §fei43»
ttlliHtrBanLeandro.Hayward3&Way St'nß 7:13 a
SANTA CltrZ DIVISION QCarran Gnnire).
ll t 13a Newark, Coiitervillo.San.loso, Felton, *
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SiS«g
•2:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Coulder Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations 1:20 a
4:15p Newark, San Jnss and Los Gatos.... . !>:3oa
f11:43p Hnnter3* F.TCuraion. Ban Jose and
Way Stations I t7iHr
COAST IMVISION I liir.l k. Inrtnsf ml Sts.)
d:43A Sau Jose and Way Stations (New '
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:4Sv
•:15a San Jose, Tres l iuo3, Banta Crur,
I'aciDo Grove, Paso Roblee, San
Luis Oliispo, Guadainpe aud Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:OSp
1O:4«a Sau Jose and Way Stations -."SrOOp
11:4.1 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:301
•2:3OpSan Jose, Gilrny, Tres Pinos, Hanta
Crnz, SSalinas.Mon torcy aud PaciUc
Grove "1O:4O*
•3:ttOp San Jose Principal Way Statioiis 0:47 a
•4:3Oi»San Jose Way Stations *»:OOa
5:30p San .lose aii'l Way Stations "8:48*
6::iop San Joso "Way Stations OsXla
♦ ll:4spSan.Toaeai)a Way .Stnti.»n«. . . 1*:43»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From mKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:1« 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl:00 *2:00 J3:C»
•4:00 t5:00 »6:Cop.m.
FromOACUED— Foot orßroidwaT.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *l:00 SS:CO »3:CO Ji:00
«S:OCr.M. _^ _
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays execpted- 1 iS&Mirdayi only.
t Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
3 aud Saturdays * Sundays and Thunda>%
SINFRMCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
i Tlburou Ferry —Toot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20. 11:00 a.m.; 12:35
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. M.
SDKDAYS-8-.00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3%
6:00, 6:20 P. K.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:25, 7:55, 0:30, 11:10 a. K.i
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. »r. Hat urdays— trip«
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:1J a. *.; 1:40, 3:4%
6:00,6:25 p. K.
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Park sam*
schedule as above.
Leave T - np . rt Arrive
San Francisco. Qct 28, " 6an Fran cisca
Wekk I S(tn- Ti-.^nation So>"- i Wku'
Dayb. | days, destination. DAys^ j Days
7:40 AM;B:O(TA»iri Novato, 1 10:40 am 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm ; 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:30 PMi 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8.00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
— — _ _
IVieta, &
Hopland &
7:40 am 8:00 Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 am T~ 10:30 AM
8 :00 am 1 Guerneville. 7:30 pm -■.
3:30 pm , . • . 6:19 PM
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:60 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 PM 6:15 pm
I ! Glen Ellen. -/,-;■.■
7:40 am|8:00 aml SebaßtODOl 110:40 am 10:30 AM
g:3OPM|S:OOPM} Sebastopol - I 6:05 PMi 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bollnas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pleta for Highland Springs,
K«ls«yville. Lakeport. ■ •
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Blan
Lakes, Laurel Pell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, MendoelnoCity. Fort Brajtß. T »a!, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureta.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
' On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points ba-
yond San Rafael at half rates. :. -.",-•:
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H. a WHITING. B.X. RYAN. •
■ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. _
Atlantic
Pacific
RAILKOAD
Trains leave from and arrive •K^SSrp^Sa^^
at Market-Street Ferry. Vb£?>&S<iO\lnjl
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P- Direct Line
leaves every day at 3:30 p. m., carrying PuUniaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to inicags
, via Kansas City without change. Annex cars ie?
Denver and St. Lonis. ■ _■
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey s management. Connecting tralno
leave San Fra'nclsco at fi a. m. and 3:30 p. m. duly.
'» The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery)
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlniair
cars. - ■ • - .
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
Chroniclo Ballulcg.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
__ ■ , (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-7:30. 915, 11.00
a.m.: 3:45, 6:15, 6:20 p. M.
Ban Quentin— 7 :3o, 9:16 a. m. : 1:45, 5:15 p. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Weune»>
I deya and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Refael and Ran Quentin—
8:00.10:00,11:80 a.m.; 1:30,3:00,4:30, *6:1»
r. m. *l>oes not run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:80 a. si. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. M. Saturdays — and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana waystatlona
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD <S CO.
European plan. Kooms 50c to *1 50 per day, %-i
to $8 per week, $$ to $30 per month: free baths;
hot ami cold water every room: fire grates in
every room; elevator runs all nigut.
2728
PADEREWSKI INFATUATED.
Chinese Music Fills Him With
Wonder, Admiration and
Delight.
GREAT DRAMATIC STRENGTH.
The Distinguished Pianist Arouses In
terest in a Tour Through Darkest
Chinatown.
"This music infatuates me !' !
It was thus Paderewski spoke cf the ef
forts of the Chinese artists who are row ■
rilling every hole and cranny of the Chi
nese rookeries with the din of their unme
lodious but classic productions.
Not only in word, but in action, has the j
great pianist attested his admiration for
the ancient art of the Mongolians. For
three nights in succession he has quietly
walked through Chinatown feasting his
eyes and his ears. His la.st trip was made
last night.
"Oh, it is wonderful:" he said, stopping
where the full length of Dupont street j
could be seen. "This scer.e is different |
from anything T ever dreamed of."
1- was not till a little crowd had gath
ered, attracted by his striking personal
appearance, that the artist recalled himself
from his admiration nf the color effects
produced by the soft, glowing light of the
myriad lanterns! on the gayiy painted
house fronts. Every step brought forth
jiew ejaculations of delight and every
clangorous band held him.
"The art of the.«e people is glorious," he
paid. "We pee here the genius of 2500
years ago and not to-dny. Their primitive
colors please me as much as their music
and have much the same effect on my eye
that the music has on my ear."
"Then it is music?" was asked.
"Music," he answered, "music? Why,
it is wonderful music. I never saw more
dramatic expression put into tones. In
their plays fully half their effects are pro
duced by the orchestra. I could not
understand their words, but the music
told the story.
"And there were such splendid elimaxo?!
The musicians would play in low tones,
gradually increasing in force as the play
progressed. Then when a light was on or
a warrior killed, the music expressed the j
ideas of the actors perfectly. Then the
Ecene, being past, would be emphasized by j
proper music.
"What appealed to me most was the {
beautiful simplicity of it all and the cvi- !
dent art. There can be nodoubt.it is art," j
he asserted, when some one questioned I
the work of the musicians coming under
that head.
"It is art. too, that is the result of cen
turies of study. Those players do not
sing as they do without great study and
practice. Neither could the instrumen
talists produce the effects they do without
having been carefully trained."
The theater was a point of great inter
est to the wonderful musician. He sat in
a box at the side of the stage and exhib- 1
ited the greatest interest in everything, j
From time to time he would exclaim:
"Marvelous, marvelous! I 3 it not won
derful?" And as he sat with every
thought concentrated on the scene before
him it was odd to see that his fingers
moved as though they were going over a
keyboard.
The apparent utter indifference of the
musicians was a source of much specula
tion to Paderewski. The vacant stare in
which most of them indulged as they
drew forth from their primitive instru
ments tones that were of particularly
rasping harshness amused him greatly.
The man who elicited shrill shrieks from a
two-stringed fiddle with a head like a
small flattened cocoamit was the uncon
scious subject of much sincere admira
tion.
"That man has the artistic soul," de
clared the pianist. (i See how he leans
back, his eyes half closed, his whole being
PADEREWSKI LUXURIATES IN CELESTIAL MUSIC AT THE CHINESE THEATER.
[Sketched by a " CaU " artist. 1
wrapped up in his performance. Ah, and
how he does play! "What precision and
force you Jind there, and such expression,
too!"
The virtuoso's companions listened.
Then they smiled. Faderewski properly
interpreted this to mean unbelief, and
quickly answered:
"]t is there—it is there. Listen for your
selves."
But the others would not s ee, and the
great pianist smiled. And he listened and
gazed. Then the fiddler solemnly un
crossed his legs and scratched one limb
against his chair, though he still gazed
ceilingward in the same rapt way.
He was not the only one who gazed,
though. The Chinese recognised Paderew
ski immediately. The word passed about
the house and every eye was riveted on
the srranger with the wonderful hair and
the still more wonderful reputation.
Both in the theatre and on the street
they were more polite than their white
brethren in satisfying their curiosity,
never obtruding themselves and only tak
ing side glances. They all seemed to
Know hirn^ and as many of the Chinese
read the daily papers, they were doubtless
well informed as to his many peculiarities.
Had there been any doubt as to the fact
of their knowledge of the identity of their
distinguished visitor it would have been
set aside by an incident that occurred in
one of the restaurants. A Chinese, dressed j
in rich clothes, advanced and with a bow j
presented Paerewski a card, savin;::
"You will pardon me, but will you |
kindly write your name on this?"
With a kindly smile the pianist said,
"Certainly." He sat down at one of the
tables, and as he wrote a gentleman asked
the Chinese:
"Do you know who he is ?"
"Why, of course," was the ready an
swer. "That is Paderewski. the man who
makes the piano sound like a singing
girl."
And he pronounced the Polish name
correctly.
Those who had heard the singing girls
did not doubt the sincerity of the compli
ment, though the value ol it wa9 not so
apparent.
AH the Chinese had not the same knowl
edge of Paderewski's talents. They seemed
to know that he was earning vast sums of I
money. One merchant, who said that he
read about the first concert to his wife,
said he would like to attend the perform
ance.
"Would they admit me?" he asked.
When told that it was probable that he ''■
coulu purchase tickets he grew more inter
ested in the nature of the performance and
inquired:
'Is it a very exciting show? Are there!
any train wrecks or water scenes?"
He decided that he did not think he j
would get $3 worth from just hearing a
piano pla}'ed. In consequence it is prob
able that Paderewski's possible auditor
will not attend the Grand Opera-house.
In speaking of the Chinese music Pad- '
erewski said that it was one of the things
that had most interested him in his trip.
"lam going to study it more," he ex- !
plained, "before I can really tell you any- j
thing about it. It seems to me to combine !
many peculiarities of the Slavic and of the
Scotch music. The rhythm is perfect.
Through long bits of recitative the entire
orchestra rests, yet the measure is never
lost.
"It does not seem to matter particularly
whether the singers and the instruments
are in the same key or not. Frequently in
completing a speech the actors at the the
ater would change the key in which they
were delivering their parts. This aid not
bother them nor the orchestra a bit."
The temples of the Chinese were gazed
upon with reverence. The legends of the
Chinese gods were listened to with great
interest, for Paderewski is a most delightful
listener, and his questions in regard to the
curious carvings, the rich embroideries
and many odd bits of furniture and, above
all, the extreme respect which he displayed
for their sacred things, won him the re
gard of the Chinese from the first.
Of coarse the book of fates and the reeds
of fortune were consulted by the party.
Paderewski learned that the symbol lie
chose indicated a paragraph in the sacred
book which was favorable, since it told of
noble needs performed and good work ac
complished by the great King Chung, now
a god. Then Hugo Goerlitz, the pianist's
j manager and secretary, drew one of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1896.
NEW TO-DAY.
_„ WEEK.
. Wm Not a Minute After 6 o'Clock P. M. ;
ij|S| Saturday next can you buy the bargains offered this last
• . >jj#sg#y week o CLEARANCE SALE. •. ' ''', '
|3jl Your Memory
liflKi Of ast advertising and selling will not avail now. You were satisfied
1 1 BHI with goods "at twice present prices" a few weeks ago, and you should be,
SiKIP but this week the prices will be unprecedented in history. No question
JIjSnWjPL now but to se to a finish every piece of winter stock— every broken line to
C { '",.-:■ "rhh : a close. This must be done THIS WEEK, the last one of our
mm Winter Clearance Sale.
>• ■ Dress Goods.
• ~ m ; — ; —
FANCY Sfl.K. two-toned, 18 inches wide, QEC
all new spring colorings, heavy qual- OU
ity. Special price ...:. : . Yard
.FANCY SILK, a few odds and ends of mc
T6c and Ksc Fancy Silk. Lot to close *J\J
this week....... Yard
FANCY SILKS, a miscellaneous lot of
Fancy Silks of $1 25 and $1 35 grade, rj EC
20 and 22 inches wide. To close this IO
week ......a Yard
BLACK FIGURED SILK, black bro-
caded Taffeta, 19 inches wide, all Silk, £»fiC
in medium and small designs. To OU
close at special sale : Yard
FANCY SILK— To clear our counters of
all winter styles of Fancy Silks wo <H»"l.O0
willoneronr $150 to $2 25 lines all dpi
this week at...... V Y ard
BLACK AND COLORED CASHMERE,
• special line of strictly all-wool, 37
inches wide Cashmeres, all colors, in- OET
eluding opera ' shades and black. ZfJ
Special this week at ; Yard
BLACK AND COLORED SERGES, 37
inches wide, guaranteed all wool, flne QP.C
French Serge, all staple colors and Oi)
black. Special all this week! Yard
FANCY SUITING, all-wool fancy check OEC
Cheviot, 33 inches wide, all newspria? JjD
colorings. Special this week Yard
STORM SERGE, ft special line, 48 Inches mc
wide, an all-wool fabric extra heavy.. OU
." Yard
A better grade for 60c yard.
Cloak Department.
Our new Cloakstore will soon open.
We will show some of the swellest,
most stylish and fashionable gar-
ments that experts can buy. Every-
thing entirely new. Our fixtures are
nearing completion.
937.939.941.943.945 r^/f/^J f^? w j/rY?T9*/ mk Frisco's Busiest
Market Street. K^p(*L4L / ts^^S/^CFU* '- store
**•*****• g INCORPORATED.
reeds of fortune from its quiver, and much
amusement was occasioned when he was
told that the geds bad ordained that any
gambling venture he might have on hand
would be successful, but that if he had a
lawsuit it would be decided against him.
As the party passed out of Chinatown
toward the hotel Paderewski was very
thoughtful. Tuen he said:
"I have seen more to-night than I could
have seen in Europe in a year. Is this not
tne most marvelous of -cities?"
Maid] Gras Boxes Sold.
■•The auction sale of boxes for the Mardl Gras
took place at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art yesterday. The twelve boxes were dis
posed of in less than an hour, at rates ranging
from S?2O to $5. Joseph B. Crockett acted as
auctioneer, and James D. Phelan. W. S. Ho
Furnishings.
' LADIES' PURSER, a mixed lot, odd "I AC
styles and shapes, clasp tops, every JLU
1 one worth 25c each. Special sale price Each
BLACK COTTON HOSE, Misses' and
1 Boys', good heavy quality, high- OKC
spliced heels, etc., regular price 35c. ZiO
Sale price Paii
I LADIES' SILK VESTS, H. N., N. S., Ore
Swiss ribbed, sizes 3 and 4, regular £d
valueSOc. Special to close . Each
I LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, heavy
muslin, three tucks, with two rows of O^C
• embroidery on bottom. Special sale j£O
t price Pair
i
I GENTS' MACCO COTTON SOCKS, col-
ors tan, brown and gray, extra strong ' "I EC
where it is generally necessary to -L«J
; darn, worth 25c pair. Special Pali
GENTS' FRENCH LISLE HOSE, fine
heavy quality, hich-spliced heels,
. double soles and toes, colors brown,
tan and gray. You can't buy such
! goods as these for 33V-$c pair. A job
lot. Very special this week— 3 pair
for 50c.
1 LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, roll collor,
prettily trimmed, very wide, full f\C
, ruffle on collar, front " and sleeves. 1U
' Special Kach
1 l
LADIES' FLANNELETTE WAISTS,
all dark colors, large sleeves, full back .Q C C
and front, sizes 34 and 36 only. Spe- ijO
cial to close Each
GENTS' UNLAUNDERED SHIRTS,
heavy muslin, re-enforced front and A£fi
shoulders, all-linen bosom, regular 75c tt«J
quality. Sale price Each
, ' FRENCH IMPORTED C. P. CORSETS,
heavy French jean, real whalebone,
■ plain and Venus back, fancy silk
stitched, value $3 50. Special salefl!>"l.sO
pr.ee «J)J
bart, Joseph B. Crockett, Alfred Bouvier, Fred
erick Zeile, E. W. Hopkins, Colin M. Boyrl,
Montgomery Gcdley, C Oseood Hooker, Major
J. A. Darling and lienry Scott were the pur
chasers.
ALKALI LANDS.
Profemior HHgard in a Mechanic*' In
stitute Lecture Declares They May
Be Made Very Productive.
Professor E. W. Hilgard of the Univer
sity of California delivered a lecture in
the Mechanics' Institute course last
evening on "Desert Steppes and Alkali
Lands." The professsor said the great
American Desert has nearly all faded
J away. There is very little land in the
! United States that is not now known to be
reciainiable. Alkali in lands does not now
stamp it as worthless. On the contrary,
he said, the alkali lands will some day be
considered tli c most valuable, for it appears
that the soil in the arid regions is generally
deeuer than in the humid, it is only
necessary to eet rid of the alkali, or rather
prevent it from forming a crust on the
surface. The best way to do this is to
keep the soil in constant cultivation.
This keeps the alkali down. The land to
be made fertile must be irrigated, but to
deluge the land with water as has been
done in some instances he knew of in the
hope of working it out onJy seemed to bring
it in greater force to the surface. To wash i
it out it is necessary to subdrain the land.
This is the best way, but expensive. Sub
drainace also carries away many valuable
elements of the land. He would not ad
vise people to buy alkali lands, especially
unless they had capital, for in many in
stances they have proved discouraging to
settlers. But with proper treatment the
alkali can be subjugated and excellent re
sults secured. Speaking of tbe Moiave
Desert he said it should be called the M.o
jave plateau— he had had the honor of so
naming it on a map to be circulated in
Europe, and as a result it was bo labeled
in other maps in Europe. •
N. S. 1.. K. 1O Reception.
The N. S. L. K. 10, an organization for social
pleasure, gave a reception on Friday evening
at Beethoven Hall. Notwithstanding the num
ber of other club parties and home receptions
In town on that evening, the attendance was
very large, and altogether it was a very success
ful and enjoyable gathering. Dancing com
menced at 9 o'clock and continued until 12.
Following is a list of those present:
Miss Maud Haas, Miss Albcrtha Gruenhagen,
Miss May Folsom, Miss T. Hess, Miss Fannie k.
Bonney, Miss Maud Rice, Mißs Elsie Warren,
Miss Fiances Smith, Miss Dottie Sewell, Miss S.
Boyle, Miss M. E. Phillips, Miss Lilian
Bowman, Miss Ktta Butler, Miss Emma Prosek,
Miss Hilda Thanwald, Miss Carrie Strehl,
Miss A. Schlinghevde, Miss Lotta Musto, Miss
Kelye Griusti, Miss Charlotte O'Brien, Miss Jen
nie Macaulay, Miss Marie Babin, Miss E. E.
Cmlworth, Miss May Hoesch, Miss Mamie
Ludlow, Miss Sadie Ludlow, Miss T.
Alexander, Miss Edith Rogers, Miss Netta
Creighton, Miss Edna O'Brien, Miss Nellie
Chase, Miss A. Teresi, Miss Camille Red
mond, Miss Marie Sorbier, Miss Lulu Long, the
Misses Fraser, Miss Lauretta Cook, Miss E.
Croudace, Miss Susie Hall, Miss Gertrude Rob
i-nson. Miss Felice Kingsford, Miss Cudworth,
Miss Ada E. Tracy, Miss Charlotte Gruenhagen,
James T. Ludlow. L. S. Aitken, Wallace Alex
ander, William G. Barr, Henry A. Whitley,
Sanford G. Lewald, F. B. McDonald, Albert
Dodge, Arthur Caxtela/.0, Perry Lonjr, James
Merrill, 11. Schmidt. Cnarles Howe, W. F. Saw
yer, Thomas Macaulay, William E. Broder
son, A. H. Meussdorffer, Gothard 8. Back
man, Newton Rosekrans. Frederick T. Mar
tens. Donald R. Smith, Byron D. Bent,
J. J. DeHaven, J. A. Klein, Fred G. Will, Wal
ter S. Lyon, O. A. Haslinger, C. A. Meussdorffer,
George W. Craif, Will B. Gregg, Will C. Corbett,
L. G. Schord, Daniel McColgan, Sidney S.
Smith, George A. Folsom, E. J. Vogel, R. Phil
lip, Louis Butler, John Prosek, C. E. Bennett,
R. Tultle, O. M. Howard, Herman H. Herzer,
Robert F. Haight, Clarence Musto.
The last party of the club this season will be
after Lent.
Sold Adnlterated Milk.
Milk Inspector J. P. Dockery arrested Her
man Wlchmann, who keeps a grocery store on
the corner of Ritch and Foleom streets, last
evening, on a charge of selling adulterated
milk. Wichmann was detained at the South
ern Station, but after depositing $50 cash bail
bo was released from custody.
'H>ta>fclrf<q<<-.-
Domestics.
) CALICOS, indigo blue, fast colors, variety re
neat patterns, price O
1 Yard
UNBLEACHED CRASH, 16-incb, all. /Me
, lin-n, a good heavy absorbent, lie- ■ V>4
duced from 81/3 C... Yard
r I ~- ~— —
I WHITE LAWN APRON PATTERNS, /71c
: corded border, gooi quality. Reduced • 2
j from 121/2 C Special this week Yard
l ' WRAPPER FLANNELS, pique cord
and cashmere finish, ' figured and '■'■■
fancy stripes on dark grounds, large 1 AC
assortment of patterns. Value 12 i/."c. JU
; Special this week......... Yard
BLEACHED PILLOW CASES, 45x39y a OfiC
inches, hemstitched,' fine quality, £i\)
value 30c each. Special this week... Each
BLEACHED DAMASK TOWELS, 22x
t 43 inches, all lintn, colored borders, OCC
knotted fringe, extra good, reduced j£D
from 35c ea-h. Special... Each
EIDERDOWN FLANNEL, 27x36 Inch, Q£C
plain colors, best quality, was 45c and OO
60c. Special Yard
BLEACHED SHEETS, hemmed, best
kinl of sheeting, but slightly soiled—
, 72x90 inches, were 60c. now 48c each
81x90 inches, were 70c now 55c each
i
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3 EAC
yards by 36 Inche3, white ana ecru, OU
I good value for 75c. Sale price Pair
1 ! BLEACHED TABLE LINEN, double ©l-OO
damask, full 81 and 90 Inches wide, «Jpl
extra quality.. Yard
Washington's Birthday.
Our store will remain closed all
day Saturday in respect to Wash-
ington's Birthday. \%
— r*SOr*r: —
MALTREATING A GODDESS
The City Hall Angel Has Been
Grossly Insulted by Proud
Man.
WAS UN WINGED IN INFANCY.
It Was Feared Her Pinions Might
Blow Down and Wake a
Night Watchman.
Since the massacre of the goddess to be
erected out ho pinnacle of the new City Hall
has begun there is no telling where it will
end. Only a few short days ago her wings
were pulled out by the roots, and she now
turns a cold pair of shoulders to the popu
lace. Five drug companies have cut in
bids for porous plasters, which will be put
on twenty- four hours before the unveiling
ceremonies.
Several weeks ago Marion Wells, the
designer, cave her an immense pair of
water-proof wings, warranted to keep in
any climate, but somebody discovered that
the wind might meet them in too merry a
mood, and some evening crack them short
off close up to the handles and fall upon
and kill a night watchman before he could
wake up.
TUE ANGr-L ON THE DOME-BEFORE AND AFTER EFFECTS.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
Notions.
HAT ELASTIC, round, in black and . 1 C
white, value sc. Special sale price X
Yard
BONE BUTTONS, in black and mixed QC
colors, large and small, value from 10c •■£
to 16c dozen. Sale price this week Do/.en
WHITE EMBROIDERY EDGING, from QC
1 to 11/3 inches wide, value sc. Sale O
price Yard
SKIRT PROTPX'TOR, linen facing, rub-
ber and velveteen combined, the best EC
skirt protector made, value 26c. Sale *)
price this week Apiece
WRITING PAPER, in fancy boxes, 24 CC
sheets, envelopes to match, worth O
twice as much. Sale price Box
FUR TRIMMING, from 3 to 4 inches re
wide, in assorted colors, value 25c and «J
60c. Sale price Yard
WHISK BROOMS, double stitched, good OC
enough, 10 inches long. You buy D
quality, not beauty, in this. Special.. Each
SILK HEAD RESTS, with cord and tas- 1 CC
sels, pretty designs in assorted colors, li)
value 26c. Sale price Ench
HEMSTITCHED BUREAU SCARFS, QKC
16x48 inches, worth 50c. Sale price iJO
Each
DomeStlCS (Continued).
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3y 3 C>-| .50
yards by 60 inches, ecru and white, «JSX
lull taped. Very special value Pair
CHENILLE PORTIERES, 3 yards by dft QOO
4S inches, fringed and dado top and «IpO
bottom, worth $4. Special this week. Pair
When she was first planned it w as
thought that her wings would add beauty
and dignity to the grand dome, but when it
was considered that her moulting season
would bring disaster it was thought wise to
remove her wings altogether and keep her
down near terra firma.
"So what could the poor girl do?"
Artists, architects and sculptors all over
the City are very much interested in the
amputations, and it is the general impres
sion that her head will go off next, or per
haps an arm or a leg. Those who saw the
work adorned with its original wines say
that it was a noble construction and pos
sessed of a grandeur that is lost without
the angelic appurtenances. She now re
sembles a Greek slave without lodgings,
unable to pay her rent and driven iip on
the dome to avoid collectors.
The contractors look upon her as the last
brick in a long job. and she is practically
without friends. Her face has assumed a
cold metallic stare, and people who in- i
tended to feast their eyes upon her once I
benign countenance and admire the poise !
of her massive wings have decided to give
her the go-by. If popular opinion con
tinues to be inspired against her she will
not even be good advertising space, and
even Mr. Wells and the City Hall Com- !
missioners will refuse to look at her again, i
It is no easy matter to take an angel's I
wings off and keep her good wjll, even I
though the chance is thought best for her !
comfort and sanitary condition.
It is the old story of the downtrodden !
woman maltreated by man. When she '
started out in life it looked as though she ;
had good prospects to attract some atten- i
tion, but her future has been marred and '
her prospects ruined by weather cranks |
who believe that she was an obstruction to |
the sea breeze. Her hne feathers have i
been taken away and she is doomed to j
stand forever on the gilded ball and look
down in the midst of a population that
cheated her out of her physical attractions
and plucked her before she had a chance
to make a debut.
Notions.
■
BUREAU BCABFS, 16x52 inches, col-
ored center: also white ones, 16x45 O^O
inches, stamped, all worth 40c. Sale J->*J
price Each.
FANCY MESH VEILING, plain and 1 (\C
dotted, black, white, navy, brown and 1 1/
tan, value 15c to 25c. Sale price Yard
1896 Calendars.
Fix up your room. Make it up to
date. Calendars are things we must
sell. Look at these half prices.
SQUARE CALENDARS, 14x18 inches,
pretty pictures, were 35c, until sold r C
10c each, lli/ 2 x15. only a few left, «J
were 25c. Special sale price Each
FLOWER CALENDARS, popples and
pansies, cut out and enibossed, calen-
dar for month under each flower, were Of^C
60c aud 75c. Special sale price +-*J
DICKENS, TENNYSON and LONGFEL-
LOW CALENDARS, in booklet form, 7C
12 pages with Quotation, 51/2x334 •
inchei, regular price Be. Sale price.. Each
Ribbons.
SATIN AND G. G. RIBBON, all silk, good assort-
ment of colors, value 8c to lt>'-/a<\
No. 4... 4c Yard I No. 7..7V 3 c Yard
No. 5 -.5c Yard No. 9... .10c Yard
No. 12 12c Yard
Our Fashion Catalogue for Spring
and Summer is in course of prepara-
tion and will be ready for distribution
i about March 10. If you would like a
copy send in your name and address.
MAILED FREE.
POKER-PLAYERS IN COURT
I Samuel M. Shortridge Argues
Against the New Ordi
nance.
Judge Low, After Hearing the Counsel,
Reserves His Decision Till
To-Morrow.
Judge Low's courtroom was crowded
I yesterday morning by poker-players and
I others to hear the argument of Samuel M.
! Shortridge against the poker-playing
ordinance.
Delmas & Shortridge and John E. Rich
ards, attorneys for the thirty-three de
j fendants, had interposed a demurrer to the
| complaint, and the argument of counsel
I was set for yesterday.
M/. Shortridge, in a well-considered
! argument, clearly pointed out that ac
l cording to the statutes poker is not a pro
| hibited game, but faro, roulette, rouge et
; noir, fantan and other games are made
■ misdemeanors, with a penalty of $500 tine
| or imprisonment equal thereto.
According to the municipal ordinance
I poker-playinjj la made a crime, and a pen
i alty for a violation of its provisions is a
line of $1000, with an alternative of im
prisonment, cr both.
Mr. Shortridge argued that the ordinance
is void, as it is in contravention of section
330 of the Penal Code, inasmuch as the
penalty attached for the game of poker,
which is not prohibited by the statutes, is
more severe than ttie penalty for the pro
hibited games. The Board of Supervisors
had no right to make a crime of poker
playine, which when played for amuse
ment and not for money was an innocent
diversion and was not therefore pro
hibited by the statutes.
He also contended that the complaint
was defective, inasmuch as it did not state
sufficient facts to constitute a public
offense.
In support of his argument Mr. Short
ridge quoted numerous decisions and an
array of authorities showing that the game
of poker was never prohibited by the gen
eral laws of the State, and that no other
game was forbidden unless it was played
for money or some other representative of
value, and that this ordinance was in con
travention of the general course and policy
of the iaws of the State.
Attorney J. P. Dameron rose and ex
plained that he desired, as a friend of the
court, to say a few woixis ln'support of the
ordinance. H<? claimed that the Police
Court was not the proper tribunal in which
to argue the case, but U should have been
taken at once before the Supreme Court.
He argued that the Legislature was the
proper body to pass laws governing gam
bling and not the judiciary, which was en
croaching upon the rights of the legislative
body.
Mr. Shortridge took issue with the friend
of the court and argued that the Police
Court was as proper a tribunal to decide
upon the case as the highest court in the
land. He was inclined to deny that the
judiciary was encroaching upon the rights
of the legislative body, but that had noth
ing to do with the case before the court.
Prosecuting Attorney Madden and the
court seemed to admit the full force of
Mr. Shortridge's argument, but the Judge
reserved his decision till to-morrow.
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA C'O.'S
Teas, Coffees and Spices
Best and Cheapest. Try Them.
Pretty presents Riven away free.
b'J. Market st., S. h\ Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVERY WHERE.