VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 144.
BARON DE HIRSCH
CALLED TO REST.
Close of the Career of the
Noted Philanthropist
and Financier.
REMOVED BY APOPLEXY.
By His Untiring Enterprise He
Built Up a Colossal
Fortune
AND SPENT MUCH IN CHARITY
Devoted Millions to the Cause of Co
religiooists and in Establishing
Colonies.
VIENNA, Austria, April 21. — Baron
Maurice de Hirsch, the great financier and
philanthropist, vied last night on his
estate at Presburg, Hungary, from a
stroke of apoplexy.
Baron Maurice de Hirsch, whose full
name was Maurice de Hirsc'i de Gereuth,
was born in Munich sixty-three years a<;o.
His father was a merchant in Bavaria,
who for services rendered to the State was
ennobled in 1869. Young Hirsch went
into business at the ape of 17, associating
himself with the European banking house
of Bischoff^heim & Goldschmidt.
Before long his capacity as a financier
became evident, his moderate patrimony
soon doubled itself, and his personal in
fluence was greatly increased by a matri
monial alliance with Mile. Bischoffsheiru,
daughter of the head of the banking house
with which he was associated.
He was the lirst to plan the system of
nil ways leading from Buda-Pesth, in
Hungary, to Varna, on the Black Sea. In
1866 the commercial collapse of M. La
prand Dumonceau, which shook the money
worid of Belgium to its foundations, gave
him his opportunity. He secured the
most valuable of the assets, including the
Turk sh railways, and by his valuable
manipulation of them built up, in a
quarter of a century, a fortune which
nearly equaled that of the Rothschilds.
No man who acquired such vast riches
ever used them to better purposes. His
charities in Austria and Germany were
innumerable, and his scheme for. trans
planting his unfortunate Russian co
religionists to South America cost a
colossal fortune. In Egypt and European
and Asiatic Turkey many schools, educa
tional and industrial, were founded and
maintained by the Baron.
Baron de Hirsch was particularly fond
of the sports of the turf, and he main-
tamed large racing stables. His principal
residence of late years was Paris, but a
great part of his time was spent in Eng
land.
A newspaper correspondent who re
cently visited Baron Hirsch had the fol
lowing to say of the great Hebrew:
"Notwithstanding bis Jewish descent,
Baron Hirsch is a man of large and liberal
ideas on religious matters, many members
of his family bein<« Christians. Further-
more, his adoption of two English chil
dren, who are being brought up in the
Christian religion, is sufficient proof that
his unequaled liberality is not limited to
his own people. For many years past he
has seriously occupied himseif with the
miserable condition of the poor Jews in
Russia, and he determined to take all
possible steps to come to their assistance.
He at once entered into negotiations with
the Russian Government to this effect,
and proposed to devote the sum of
£2,000,000 to that object.
"It can easily be imagined that this
offer was not lightly refused by the Rus
sian authorities, bui certain stipulations
imposed by the donor, though of the kind
usual in similar cases, such as that the
money should be vested in the hands of
trustees, not being in accordance with the
desire of the Russians, who wished to have
the whole and sole handling of the
money, Baron Hirscn was obliged to with
draw his offer. He thereupon decided to
take other steps, as a proof that he had no
religious prejudices, by handing to the
cnief of the Holy Synod a gift of £40,000
for orthodox Russian schools.
"The persecution of the Jews still con
tinuing in Kussia, it became necessary to
find some other outlet than the United
States, and he sent out a commission com
The Late Baron Maurice de Hirsch de Gerenth, Noted as a Philanthropist and
Financier.
The San Francisco Call.
posed of three competent men— an English
officer of engineers, a Belgian and a Ger
man—to the Argentine Republic for the
purpose of reporting on the agricultural
prospects of that country. Their report
beinp favorable, a further important sum
will be provided by tfaron Hirsch for the
purpose of enabling Russian Jews to emi
grate to that country, and for the purchase
of land there for their benefit.
"It lias been the general belief that Jews
are opposed to manual labor, but Baron
Hirsch assured me that this ia not so, he
having had indisputable proof to the con
trary, and this fact is the principal cause
of his action in their favor in the A rgen
tine Republic."
SMALLEY AN ALARMIST.
Says There Is Yet Danger of a Conflict
Between England and This
Country.
LONDON. Ekg., April 21.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a long dispatch
from G. W. Smalley, its correspondent in
America, whicli is devoted to dispelling
the illusions that the Venezuela boundary
dispute has passed a dangerous stage; that
the negotiations are prospering and that
the British blue book on the subject cre
ated a favorable impression in the United
States. Mr. Smalley says that not one of
the foregoing beliefs is well founded.
No agreement as to principles has been
reached and negotiations are at a stand
still. Nobody seems to know when or how
they will be renewed or the deadlock re
moved. If the American Commission
draws the Venezuelan boundary adverse
to Great Britain's claim the alternative
stated in President Cleveland's message
will have to be faced. Mr. Smalley casts
the onus for this on Lord Salisbury, who
rejected the proposition made by the
Washington Government in February, and
who does not appear to have made coun
ter proposals. The dispatch dilates upon
t lie reasons for prompt action, for it says
the uncertainties are many and the perils
grave.
The Times, commenting upon the dis
patch, will to-morrow say that it cannot
fully share the gloomy anticipations con
tained in the dispatch, although the re
minder is not, perhaps, untimely. It con
tends that, elsewhere in his dispatch, Mr.
Smalley shows that Lord Salisbury has
taken other action for opening another
scheme for general arbitration, to which
the Daper attaches importance. It also
contends that if the general project fails,
Great Britain ought to be able with
prudence to resume the specific case with
Venezuela.
SKIRMISHES WITH MA TABELES.
Thirty of the Rebellious Natives Killed by
Commander Nicholson's
Forces.
CAPETOWN, South Africa, April 21.—
A dispatch from Buluwavo dated yester
day says: Commander Nicholson made
an attempt to-day to bring on a general
action with the Matabeies and with that
view sent out iSO ni»n who the
enemy. Prolonged skirmishing ensued
during which thirty Matabeies were killed.
The enemy did not move in force.
LONDON, Eng.. April 21.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day Right Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies, was questioned by Sir Willis
A9hmead Bartlett in regard to the im
portation of munitions of war and men by
the Transvaal Government. Mr. Cham
berlain said that doubtless munitions of
war were being imported into the Trans
vaal, but Great Britain was not entitled to
interfere unless there should be evidence
showing that the material was not in
tended to be used purely for purposes of
defense. The Government of the Trans
vaal, he said, assured him that it had not
imported any mercenary soldiers, but he
thought there was no doubt that many
immigrants to the Transvaal had re
ceived military training and were under
proscription from other countries.
Typhoid ftver Incrf.nning.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April 21.
A letier received here from Marash says
that typhoid fever is increasing in that
city and that botn doctors sent there are
prostrated with the disease. The city
itself is quiet, but the inhabitants of outly
ing villages are in a state of terror and are
nocking into that city. Very few persons
are working in the fields.
Injured by the Collision.
HAMBURG, Germany, April I.— An ex
amination of the German steamer Califor
nia, which was in collision at this port last
night with the collier Tynemouth, shows
thai her damages consist of plates stove
above the water line. The Tynemouth'a
stern was badly injured.
Korea's Diplomatic Mode.
YOKOHAMA, Japan, April 21.-The
envoy who had been sent to Russia by the
Korean Government has not only been
empowered to raise a loan of $8,000 000
but also to ask for Russian troops to guard
the King's palace and reorganize the
Korean army.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 22, 1896.
ANOTHER VICTIM.
IT CAN'T PUSS
THIS SESSION
Chances That the Funding
Bill Will Be Talked
to Sleep.
SOON TO BE SUBMITTED.
Gear . and His Friends Resent the
Early Submission of the
Minority Report.
MORGAN TOO ILL TO ATTEND.
Senator White Says the Criticism
Made by Bierce Is Rather
Unjust.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.—Sena
tor Morgan to-day, through Mr. Pueh, his
colleague, submitted his minority report
on the Pacitic railroads, as printed in The
Call this morning. Morgan has taken a
short trip on account of his health, which
is very precarious and alarming to his
friends. It is believed that Morgan's
trouble must sooner or later result in
death, ana it is not probable that he will
be able to participate in the deliberations
of the Senate at this session, if at all here
after.
It is understood that the reports of Gear
and Powers, chairmen respectively of the
Senate and House Pacific Roads commit
tees, will be submitted in a day or two, or
after they have received certain data from
tne Treasury Department.
Benator Gear and his friends resent the
submission of Senator Morgan's minority
report in advance of the views of .the ma
jority of the Senate Pacific Roads Com
mittee, for this morning when Mr. Pugh of
Alabama asked that his colleague's minor
ity report be printed in the Record objec
tion was made, so it will be printed only
in the shape of a public document.
Senator White said to The Call corre
spondent to-night that there was very lit
ile chance for the Pacitic roads funding
bill to pass the Senate at this session.
"The session is very near its close," said
he, and he added significantly: "This is a
subject that demands thorough discussion
and I apprehend that several Senators will
desire to speak at considerable length."
The Call correspondent understood
this to mean that an attempt would be
made to talk the bill to sleep. The Sena
tors are very anxious to adjourn, and, as
hot weather and the Presidential cam
paign approach, their eagerness to get
away will increase, so that, if a number of
Senators show a disposition to talk against
time when the funding bill comes up for
consideration, it is probable that the mat
ter will be allowed to go over until next
session. Among those Senators who are
strongly opposed to the funding bill and
vho are willing to talk on the subject at
length is Senator Cannon of Utah. This is
a surprise, for it has been supposed that
both Utah Senators, as well a3 those from
New Mexico, were "railroaders."
It is almost a foregone conclusion that
the funding bill will not pass at this ses
sion, and from the present outlook it is
extremely doubtful whether the bill will
pass at all.
This morning's New York Journal (and
presumably the San Francisco Examiner)
criticizes Senator White severely for not
presenting Senator Morgan's minority re
port, as requested by the latter. Ambrose
Bierce in his telegram charged that,
although Senator Morgan some time ago
requested that White read his views to the
Senate (as a speech), and later requested
him to present it as a minority report,
Senator White for some reason neglected
to do so. Mr. Bierce alleges that White
was requested yesterday to present the
matter us minority report l _b.ut that thja
Senator, instead of dome so personally,
turned it over to Senator Pugh.
Senator White said to The Call corre
spondent to-day:
"Some time ago I was sent a copy of
Senator Morgan's views and was repeat
edly urged to present them to the Senate,
but as Mr. Morgan was unable to be there
in person I doubted the wisdom of this,
however, and I stated my reason to Sena
tor Morgan at his home when I called on
him, viz-: that although I was heartily in
accord with his views I did not deem it
wise to present the speech (or report) at
the time, but rather to withhold it until
the matter came up for consideration in
the Senate and we would need speeches,
and lots of such good ones, to defeat the
funding bill. I thought it best to reserve
our ammunition and fire it at the enemy
when it was most needed. Yesterday
morning I received another request from
Mr. Morgan that I present his views as a
minority report. I learned that Chairman
Gear's majority report had not yet been
submitted, and did not like the idea of
violating the custom of the Senate by pre
senting a minority refort in advance of the
majority views, but at the same time re
luctantly agreed to do it. Subsequently I
learned that Senator Pugh (Senator Mor
gan's colleague) had submitted the report
and had afterward withdrawn it. I did
not hand the matter to Mr. Push, as corre
spondent Bierce intimates, but it was
brought to Mr. Pugh by Senator Morgan's
son. Mr. Bierce has been misinformed. I
should have offered to submit the minor
ity views myself, but Senator Pugh had
already performed that service. I feel
that Mr. Bierce's criticism was unjust. He
was naturally anxious as a newspaper
man to secure the presentation of a minor
ity reDort in the Senate so that his journal
might score a beat, but I did not care to
have him dictate to me the method of my
c-pposition to the funding bill."
LABOR CIRCLES AGITATED.
Attempt of Socialists to Steal the
Archives of the Central
Union.
During a Fre>for-All Fight One Mis
creant Was Thrown Down
Stars.
OMAHA, Nebb., April 21.— Labor circles
of the city are a^ain excited over what ap
pears to have been a well organized plot
to secure the archives of the Central
Labor Union by force.
To-night several members representing
the Socialist element in the Central Coun
cil, and who have recently been expelled
from the union on charges of boodJing,
made an attacK upon Secretary F. A. Ken
nedy in his office, and would have beaten
him severely had not assistance arrived
quickly.
The result of the free-for-all fight was
the utter defeat of the Socialists, and one
man was injured by being thrown down a
flight of stairs by the janitor of the build
ing. Arrests immediately followed. Search
is being made for other combatants who
are supposed to have left the city.
Lively times are expected at the regular
meeting of the union to-morrow nignt.
For several meetings members have at
tended armed for serious trouble.
if <ifii of a Danish Statt-sman.
COPENHAGEN. Denmark, April 21.—
H. G. Ingersley, Minister of Public Works
in the Danish Cabinet, died here to-day.
DUELING DEBATED
IN THE REICHSTAG
Herr Bebel Denounced for
His Talk of Public
Scandal.
NOT A PROPER JUDGE.
Bitter Remarks That Caused a
Great Uproar Among the
Socialists.
SPEAKERS OFTEN INTERRUPTED
After Sharp Ta'k a Resolution Con
demn ng Fights on the Field
of Honor Is Adopted.
BERLIN, Germany, April 21.— The anti
dueling debate was resumed in the Reich
stag to-day. Count Andreas yon Bern
storff (Independent) declared that re
course to the duel was needless, ana that
the practice stood condemned by the Ger
man people.
Dr. yon Bennigsen, the National Liberal
leader, said that he was opposed to the
custom of dueling, but he did not believe
that Herr Bebel, the Socialist leader, who
inveighed against dueling as a "public
scandal" in yesterday's debate, was a
proper person to act as supreme judge of
SAMPLE OF THE STREET DECORATIONS IN LOS ANGELES.
the upper classes or to make a parade of
moral indignation. He was the same
Bebel who, after the events of 1871, eulo
gized the Paris commune and now com
mends the commune as an examDle to
follow.
The remark created an uproar, the
Socialist members rising to their feet ana
shouting loudly for the President to ring
his bell and call ttie speaker to order, but
Baron yon Buel-Berenberg, the President,
remained unmoved and the uproar sub
sided.
Dr. yon Bennigsen, resuming, said that
dueling, which had been the best source
of agitation for the Socialists, had been
nursed by a scandal- mongering press.
The speaker was again interrupted by a
Socialist uproar, led by Herr Singer.
Dr. yon Bennigsen, when he was again
able to be heard, maintained the truth of
his declaration, and said that he had
spoken of the press in general, not except
ing the great journals.
Herr Richter (Radical) described Dr. yon
Bennigsen'a remarks as an example of
diplomatic prolixity. The Government,
he said, had cut a bad figure in the debate,
and had created the impression that it had
Christianity more upon its tongue than in
its heart.
Her yon der Groeben-Arenstein (Con
servative) said that the sword-fights in
dulged in by the students were merely a
drill for theirduels in later life.
Baron voti Manteuffel indorsed the prin
ciple of Dr. Bachem's speech of yesterday,
and protested against that expressed by
Herr Bebel. He announced that Liebe
recht yon Kotze had not fled the country,
as had been alleged. He had surrendered
himself to a Judge who gave him an ad
interim leave of absence. He was ready
to stand trial at any moment.
Baror. yon Manteuffel sDoke attains t
mixing up the dv ling nuisance with mili
tarism. Duels between officers in military
service were rare executions. He con
cluded by demanding that severe punish
ment be inflicted upon the libelers of
honorable military officers.
Herr Bebel retorted that if the Conser
vatives desired seriously to condemn the
duel they must secure the repeal of the
Cabinet decree making the duel obli.a
tory in the army. While the highest per
son in the empire favors the duel, he said,
all the endeavors of the Chamber to sup
press it would be futile.
The President censured Herr Bebel for
criticizing an imperial decree by character
izing it as unworthy of a cultured state.
Herr Schall, Conservative, declared that
Herr Bebel was a calumniator.
The Reichstag Dy a unanimous vote
adopted a resolution condemning dueling,
the special motions made on behalf of the
Freisinnige and Centrist parties being
withdrawn.
COMMEMORATION OF SHAKESPEARE
President Cleveland Sends a Letter in
Which He Says Some Very
Nice Things.
BIRMINGHAM, Exc, April 21.— The
thirty-second annual Shakespeare com
memoration of the Birmingham Dramatic
and Literary Club was held to-night in the
Grosvenor room of the Grand Hotel.
About 300 guest 9 were present, among
them being Embassador Bayard and Mrs.
Bayard. Mr. George W. Parker, the Amer
ican Consul and president of the club, oc
cupied the chair. A Jetter was read by
Mr. Parker from President Cleveland ac
knowledging an invitation to attend the
celebration. Mr. Cleveland said:
"Everything that tends to keep alive
the memory of Shakespeare and preserve
a proper appreciation of his work chal
lenges my earnest interest and approval,
and though I cannot be with you on the
occasion you contemplate I am glad to
know that our American people will be
prominently represented. There is much
said and written in these days concerning
the relations that should -exist, bound
close by the strongest ties, between the
English-speaking peoples, and concerning
the high destiny that awaits them in con
certed efforts.
"I hope we shall never know the time
when these ennobling sentiments will be
less otten expressed or in the least lose
their potency and influence. Surely, if
English speech supplies the token of
united effort for the good of mankind and
the impulse of an exalted international
mission, we do well to honor fittingly the
name and memory of William Shakes
peare."
At the banquet given by the club Mr.
Parker spoke to the toast, "The Immortal
Memory of ' William Shakespeare." Mr.
Bayard delivered a speech, in the course
of which he dwelt upon literature as one
of the chief buttresses of liberty and civili
zation.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MASKERS INVADE
THE ANGELS' CITY.
Civic Rule Overthrown by
the Legions of Queen
Mildred.
HEAVY TRIBUTE LEVIED
Commercial Travelers Lead an
Assault on the Business
Houses.
CITIZENS ARE PUT TO ROUT.
La Fiesta Revelers Throng Streets
and Plazas— Her Majesty
Enthroned.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 21.— A man
with his arms full of rocks and with stones
bulging out of his pocKets hurried around
the corner of Fourth and South Spring
streets. He came face to face with a hide*
ous looking object in human form and be
gan to hurl the missiles at the absurd fel
low. The latter was one of the merry
maskers in the retinue of the Fiesta Queen
and the man of the rocks was oue of the
citizens who attempted to resist the inva
sion.
Of course the citizen was overpowered
and the merry carnival went on. The
rocks so fiercely hurled caused no destruc
tion, for they were made of paper. The
citizen was an individual in the organiza
tion that made pretense of defending the
city; the man of the mask was merely %
member of the Queen's fantastic train.
The two represent the actual character o!
the opening celebration.
There has been opposition on the part of
the Los Angeles ministers to this sort of a
performance. Possibly it was thought
that the display would be a little too spec
tacular, that the representation of the
earlier^ ages when pirate kings bad all the
glory of succesful ward politicians of the
present time would have a deterioating in
fluence on the "advanced civilization ol
this Western empire." Perhaps the Min
isters 1 Association thought that the queen's
merry maskers were to indulge in a mas
querade ball that wou'd end in the early
morning. But the truth is that the most
serious and injurious revelry of the street
masquerade was in the hurling of the pa
pier mache rocks at the imitation face.
No feature of the parade could hare
shocked any minister, even if every pastor
in the sunny southern land had Deen hit
by the paper-constructed bowlders.
The fiesta began with this parade of the
masked revelers. All the bells in the city,
all the locomotive whistles, all the juve
nile means of commotion and thousands
of joyous voices joined in the inaugural
announcement at 1:30 o'clock. The din
was uproarious; the city seemed as if it
were in the tumult of a Fourth of July
with a few college celebrations and a
Cuban declaration of independence thrown
in. People shouted until the horses were
scared. When the noise subsided and the
fiesta was begun in a manner worthy of
its rollicking absurdity the parade of the
afternoon was begun.
Roncovieri's American Band headed the
ranks that Degan the work of destruction
and looting in which the fiesta officials
were engaged. The Jonathan Club, tifty
strong, came behind the band, clad in
brown duck coats and trousers, white
straw hats with white bands and white
carnations, red and white streamers flying.
Tan shoes and kid gloves completed the
costume.
The Queen's Merry Maskers, sixty strong,
came in grotesque attire. The yells and
discordant whistles were defeaning in the
flight through the streets. There were 200
commercial men, each attired according
to his own faucy. They were Judicrous in
appearance and their antics could not have
been imitated by m«n of any other calling.
Following these were 200 or more masked
and costumed men— clowns and kings,
beggars and priests, jockeys and dancers—
but there was nothing in the ranks that
the ministers, who offered preliminary ob2
jection, would have been displeased about.
Of course the parade was made up in non
sensical array, but nonsense and laughter
are the soul of this fiesta.
The line of march was from Fifth to
Broadway, to Fourth, to Spring, to Third,
to Broadway, to First, to Spring, along
Spring to Temple block, to Main, to First,
to Spring, toThird, to Main, to Fourth, to
Spring, and all along the route the mask
ers made free with whatever property they
coveted. The Chamber of Commerce was
raided and from that place a stuffed griz
zly bear was taken. Many merchants were
compelled to pay tribute to the fiesta
queen, and the only policeman who dared
to attempt to do his duty was placed in
the big steel cage and carried away. A
typewriter girl, who was really a boy in
disguise, was the policeman's fellow pris
oner, and these were a warning to all
others who might either displease or please
the queen.
The man who hurled the rocks was one
of a large body of patriotic defenders, but
the cage was not big enough to contain all
these patriots, and a thorough repulse was
satisfactory to the Queen. At the head of
the maskers was the Queen's orchestra,
composed of a Chinese band. W. R.
Dinmore, 0. F. Kinney, Elmer Wachtel,
Michael Hunt and little Roy Bancroft as
mascot, were in Chinese dress of bright
purples, pale blues and soft lavenders,
long queues and hideous masks. The
Queen's Lancers, mounted, were in bril
liant yellow, green and red. The commer
cial travelers carried valisea and wore
Btreamers of fiesta colors and long linen
dusters. The Jonathan Ciub members
threw confetti obtained from Paris. The
Queen's Merry Maskers were in long,
loose garments of red and wite, tall hats
and general clownish air. The crowds
followed in fantastic array— clowns and
priests and monkeys and men, bicyclers in
mask, and men, women and children. It
was a highly satisfactory inauguration of
the fiesta, and the success is regarded as
an indication of the glory of the week.
The ceremonial committee was com
posed of C. S. Walton, Charles F. Sloane.
Frank Thomas, C. L. Wilde and W. R.
Dinmore. Charles F. Sloane waa grand
marshal of the day and chairman of the
parade committee.
The streets were thronged at every point
of the city center, and the Los Angeles
people are confident that there will be
more people here this week than have
been seen at any previous fiesta. There is
plenty to amuse the visitors during every
hour in the day, ana suburban business
men complain that the sightseers will
have no time to eet away from the parad
ing and the merriment within the city
limits.
The parade to-morrow afternoon will be
one of the big events of the week. Major
Madison T. Owens has been appointed
grand marshal, with Colonel William
Spencer and Major Ruby E. W. Kinsey as
aids. The formation of the line will be as
follows:
Military division— Brigadier-General C. F. a.
Last, commanding. Staff — Captain \V. O.
Welch, A. A. A. G.; James A. Driffil, lieuten
ant-colonel, and A. A. G.; James J. Choate,
lieutenant-colonel, and surgeon; Cyrus Wil
liird. major and engineer officer; John W. F.
Diss, mnjor and inspector; John W. A. Off,
major and quartermaster; CharlesT. Meredith,
major and commissary; John L. A. Last,
major, inspector rifle practice; John T.Jones,
major and judge advocate; Charles M. Baker,
captain and aid-de-camp: George EL Bower,
captain and a:<!-de-camp; Orderlies E. A.
Levan and J. W. Edwards, sergeant majors.
Battalion, United gtatcs warship Philadel
phia. Chief of Battalion—Lieuteuant-Com
mander R. R. Ingersol, U. S. N.
. Staff— Past Assistant Surgeon F. A. Hesler,
V. S. N., medical officer; Ensign E. H. Camp
bell, U. S. J«., adjutant ; Gunner H. A. Eiiers,
V. S. X., ordnance officer: Carpenter Otto
Barth, U. S. N., chief oi pioneers; Chief Quar
termaster Paul Herman, C S. N.. sergeant
major. Pioneers— Chief Carpenter's Male R.
Hartwick, I". S. X., ana petty officers. Band—
Writer, first class, Bt M. Katzer. U. S. X., drum
ma.or; bandmaster. Charles Grosskurth,
U. B. N. ; first musician, Gustav Liese, U. S. N.
United States troops and State militia.
Second division — Major Russell, marshal,
and aids.
San Diego band.
Mounted Foresters.
Knights of Pythias of Los Angeles.
Knights of Pythias of Pasadena.
Knights of Pythias of Riverside.
High School cadets.
Third division — C. A.pumner, marshal; aids
M. A. Wolfskin, C. R. Sumner, F. W. Sabichi,
Coiide Jones, C. G. Rhone, J. J. Johnston, J.
R. Winston, F. W. Millspaugh.
Santa Barbara band.
Caballeros.
Pueblo Indians, in charge of Charles F.
Luminis.
Fourth division— Captain Hampton Hutton,
marshal; aids— J. P. Randolph, H. Drew, Wil
liam Dunn, William Mathews, H. Jlathews.
Pasadena band.
Eagle.
Pasadena float.
California float.
Pea float.
Trade float
Blanchard and Fitzgerald band.
Grain float.
Fruit float.
Cahuenga float.
Temescßl Indians.
Fifth division— Johr.stone E.Jones, marshal;
aids— John C Cline, Ralph Dorainguez, F. R.
Wiilis, George Reed, Guy Woodward, Lewis C.
Browij, George Wilson, James K. Stevens, E. C
Attrill.
Riverside band.
Chinese floats.
Dragon.
Sixth division— Chief Moore, marshal.
Douglas band.
One-third Fire Department.
Ontario band.
One-third Fire Department.
Santa Ana band.
One-third Fire Department.
Rain began falling at 10:50 o'clock to
night, just as hundreds were on the way
home from the pavilion. It is feared that
the decorations will be greatly injured, but
there is no expectation that to-morrow will
be rainy. The weather has been delight
ful until this evening. Thousands of
Japanese lanterns have been spoiled by the
rain, but if there is a return to bright
weather before morning, the other decora
tions will not be seriously injured.
The streets are aglow eTen to the high
building tops, with rows and fantastic
designs of electric lights in the fiesta colors,
and in the rain the effect is peculiarly
brilliant, with reflections wherever the
water touches a hard surface. Rain fell
during the fiesta of la«t year, but the only
injury was in causing the colors of the
bunting to mingle.
Rapid scurrying was a feature to-night
that formed a whole carnival in itself. The
huge pavilion was thronged and all the
tbeaters were overcrowded. Light, sum
mery costumes were worn by thousands of
ladies, and the rain came heavily and with
no warning when the streets were covered
by the homeward-bound people.
GIVEN THE SILVER KEY.
Mayor Rader Surrenders to the Ruler
of the Fete.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., April 21.— The
real festivities of the great Fiesta de Los
Angeles were duly ushered in at Hazard's
Pavilion to-night. The reception to her
Majesty could scarcely have been n»ore
fervent and enthusiastic to a real poten
tate. Mrs. Mildred Howell-Lewis is, in
deed, one of nature's queens, pure and
simple. She possesses the accomplish
SCENE AT THE CORNER OF FIRST AND SPRING STREETS, LOS ANGELES.
ments of a Corinne and the grace and
beauty of a Henrietta Temple. Before 8
o'clock the great pavilion was a mass of
interested humanity, and a Bplendid com
pany of people it was. Youth, beauty and
grace made up the throng.
At 8:15 o'clock Roncovieri's American
Concert band played an overture. A
herald's bugle announced the presence of
the Queen at the entrance to the pavilion.
The Queen's lancers filed in and down the
middle aisle, and then taking opposite
sides formed with their lances a continu
ous archway from the entrance to the foot
of the throne. At the second call her
Majesty appeared on the arm of her Prime
Minister, Hon. E. T. Gibbon. The ap
plause which greeted her progress to the
throne was tumultuous, genuine and
hearty. Rising ahove the plaudits were
heard the sweet strains of Roncovieri's
"Inaugural March," which the composer
; dedicated to John F. Francis, president
j of La Fiesta.
The ladies of the court filed in, courtesied
to their Qneen and took seats on the plat
form. Hon. R. F. Del Valle, the orator of
the evening, delivered his address to the
Queen in choicest English and manner
pleasing. The progress in the arts, sciences
and literature which had characterized her
loyal subjects during the past year were
dwelt upon. The wonderful achievements
of the Goddesses Pomona, Ceres and Flora
were extolled, and at the close of Mr. Del
Valle's address Mayor Rader of Los
Angeles extended hearty greetings to nis
successor. He told the charming Queen
that the cares of office wera onerous, and
he was glad of an opportunity to surrender
the weighty responsibilities for a season
into her hands, and he tendered to her
Majesty the great silver key to the city.
At this the royal looters and merry
makers offered their trophies to the Queen,
being designated in turn by Henry Dock
weiler. Some of these tributes were gro
tesque and comical in the extreme and
produced outbursts of laughter from the
audience.
A well-considered response was made
on behalf of the Queen by Prime Minister
Gibbon, who thereafter read the royal
proclamation of his sovereign. Three sub
jects—John F. Francis, Hon. T. S. C. Lowe
and W. C. Patterson— were designated by
their ruler as worthy of the order of
knighthood. Messrs. Francis and Lowe
were found in the audience, led forward
and duly knighted and decorated with the
insignia of their position.
Roncovieri's band gave an illustrated
concert, beginning with the overture to
"William Tell" by Rossini. As the sweet
strains of music arose, panoramas repro
ducing scenes in the life of Tell were
thrown upon a canvas. These changing
and dissolving views, as well as those
which followed in the descriptive nautical
piece, "The American Sailor's Life at
Sea." by Miller; the symphonic poem,
"The Dance of Death," the "American
Patrol" and the "Blue and the Gray,"
were extremely realistic.
IN CARNIVAL GARB.
Brilliant Decorations of the Streets
and Business Blocks.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 21.— The
Los Angeles business man has sustained
himself. He has done more than this—
he has added new laurels to his al
ready well-earned reputation for cour
age, liberality aud goaheaditiveness. He
knew that much of the attractiveness and
pleasure of these days of merry-making
would result from a liberal display of busi
ness-house decorations, and to realize a
thing with the average Los Angeles busi
ness man is reason enough for action. He
goes about his self-appointed task zeal
ousiy, Wt cheerfully. The pluck of the
Los Angeles businessman of the present
day has never been known to wane.
Through good or evil report; whether
menaced by a boom and encouraged by
steady growth to bis town and gradual ac
cretion to his business; in slow, dull
times; in hours of disappointment and
short returns— in fact, at all times the Los
Angeles business man has kept his courage
to the sticking point and has never for a
moment permitted himself to distrust the
future of hia own city.
The Los Angeles business man has
turned the entire business portion of his
city into one grand array of tri
colors. The streets are beautifully
arched and arrayed in fiesta-colored
bunting. Almost every wire which spans
the principal streets is laden with the car
dinal, gold and green in some more or less
attractive forms, but the unique, pretty
and elaborate emblematic forms are dis
played from the great blocks of brick and
stone which abound along the principal
thoroughfares of the city. Broadway, that
modern wonder of all those who knew Loi
Angeles in its "boom days," contains the
most elaborate and extensive business
house decorations; then Spring and Main
streets.
To begin with, the newspaper buildings
are profusely ornamented with bunting
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
folds, pennants and stars. The great
golden eagle on the Times building has
his massive neck encircled by the tricol
ored bunting. This bird seems to realize
that he is in the midst of gala days for
his adopted city and delights to contem
plate in mute silence the animation and
hilarity going on below. The Herald's
double arch at Third and Broadway is not
complete, but, with the name in great
block letters all studded with electric
lamps and finished out with a pyramid
bedecked with the colors, festoons and
palms, it can readily be seen that the
whole will give a very charming effect
at night. The Evening Express, the Jour
nal and the Record all deserve special
mention, but only a few of the many su
perb decorations may be mentioned here.
The Machinery Supply Company's build
ing at First and .Broadway is elegantly
decorated, the bunting being formed into
panels, fans and stars. The Title Guaran
tee and Trust Company, at 109 South
Broadway, must have employed real art
tists to superintend its decorations. They
are unique and highly attractive. So,
too, are the offices of Easton, Eldridge &
Co. at 121 South Broadway and Gardner &
Dow, real-estate agents, at 139 South
Broadway. At the City Hall plumes, stars
and the American colors are blended in
pleasing and delightful harmoay. An
elaborate arch greets the view at the en
trance to the Boston Dry-goods Store,
while the building is immensely and pro
fusely decorated. At the entrance to the
Bradbury block the name over the arch is
wrought in roses, pinks and poppies amid
trailing green vines, bordered with palms,
which give it a charming appearance.
Chinese lanterns, bunting and flags project
from its many windows.
The Chamber of Commerce building is a
study for an artist. Tuere are crescents,
folds, fans and scores of unique designs of
la fiesta and National colors and two
dozen flagpoles aloft, all supporting flut
tering emblems of nations. The arch is
ornamented with stalks of cane, festooned
with grasses and sections of ears of corn
attached thereto and strings of beads com
posed of peanuts.
At different points along Broadway,
Spring and Main streets are huge squares
formed by means of wires, around which
are fastened the fluffy plume of the
pampas, the tricolors alternating. Strung
upon wires within these squares made of
charming plumes of bright colors are:
"Viva Ja Fiesta, 1896." Observation
stands, with seats at 25 and 50 cents, have
been erected on many vacant lots on all
the principal streets.
To return to individual decorations.
The most elaborately decorated store on
Broadway is that of the Los Angeles Fur
nitare Company. There is richness here
in coloring rarely seen in street decora
tions. The work was done under the
supervision of J. C. Bannister, head deco
rator of the company. The colored fabrics
are bunched so that the red and the yel
low and the green are distinctly separate
and extend from the top of the building to
the sidewalk. The first story is a dream in
coloring, the decorations flavoring of
Napoleonic times. The great show-win
dows of the store are also very tastefully
decorated.
The Viile de Paris, on Broadway, be
tween Second and Third streetß, is gor
geously decorated. The great canopy, ex
tending the whole frontage of the store*
room and covering the sidewalk, is rich in
its blending of fiesta colorings.
The Harper & Reynolds hardware estab
lishment on North Main street was hand
somely decorated this morning, the fine
effect being produced by long columns of
fiesta-colored bunting and elaborate ar
rangements of the scarlet, yellow and
green in the windows.
One of the most attractive and artistic
displays in front decorations is that of tbe
Southern California Furniture Company
on South Main street. The artist here has
not lost sight of National patriotism, but,
with the fiesta colors, has also displayed a
commendable degree of regard for the em
blems held dear by all lovers ofr "Uncle
Sam." Over the entrance is a real eagle,
with his pinions outstretched, covering
cannon and ball, as if ready for defense.
To the left is a picture of George and
Martha Washington, while on the right is
displayed a likeness of Christopher Co
lumbus.
The rich fiesta colorings in bunting
create a most pleasing effect on the build
ing at the corner of Fifth and Broadway,
occupied by the Los Angeles Lighting
Company. At night the front of the
building will be illuminated by colored
lights.
The courthouse is not upon one of the
main business streets, still its location is
such that the lavish, fiesta decorations are
very noticeable even at a great distance.
Leading hotels, such as the Hollenbeck,
Nadeau and Westminster, are elaborately
decorated with fiesta colors.
Manager Pndbam of Well 3, Fargo & (Jo.
has given the company's office, at the cor
ner of Main and Third streets, a gala ap
pearance by the artistic use of fiesta colors.
The effects are produced r>y pretty bunting
draperies in the windows on Main and
Third streets. It is one of the neatest and
handsomest decorations in the business
center.
The American flag is very much in evi
dence upon the Turn Verein society's big
brownstone front block on South Main
street, below Third. There is also a lavish
use of bunting and a perfect wealth of Jap
anese lanterns from the windows, which
will lend the air of an enchanted palace to
the building at night.
For superb effects in massive decorations
probably the most elaborate and unique is
that upon the front of the Odd Fellows'
building on South Main street. The
brownstone of the front is almost com
pletely concealed beneath the lavish adorn
ments of fiesta colors from top to bottom.
A prettily decorated business house on
South Spring street is E. T. Cook's book
store. Inside and out the fiesta colors
have been advantageously used to produce
gay effects, the show-window drapings in
bunting being particularly handsome.
The doorway of H. 0. Haines' store at
419 Broadway is beautifully decorated
with bunting. The front of the Broadway
department-store i 3 elaborately adorned
with bright-colored fabrics. The Gardner-
Zellner Piano Company, in~|ttie Byrne
block, on Broadway, has decorated its
store front most artistically with Dunting
and Japanese fans. The front of the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank building,
on North Main street, was converted into
a mass of fiesta colors this morning, and
the effect as seen from the junction of
Temple and Spring strets is very artistic,
as that also of the decorations of the First
National Bank building. P. H. Mathews,
the South Main paint-dealer, reflected his
feelings in a handsome decoration of the
store. In the center, above, is the motto.
"Welcome, Fiesta de Los Angeles," exe
cuted on a triangle, in bright colors, while
on either side is a display of the fiesta
colors.
ON THE VERGE OF A CRISIS
Premier Bourgeois and His Cab
inet May Yet Have to
Retire.
Denounced by th» Senate for Remain-
ing in Office in Violation of the
Constitution.
PARIS, France, April 21.— 1n the Senate
to-day M. Demoule made an attack upon
the Cabinet and denounced their remain
ing in power after having been defeated in
the Senate as a violation of the constitu
tion. The Senate, he said, was willing to
vote the Madagascar credits only to a con
stitutional Ministry. He therefore pro
posed that the Senate adjourn until a
Ministry should come before it which
possessed the confidence of both houses of
the French Parliament. Premier Bour
geois protested against such action. It
was not the Senate's prerogative, he de
clared, thus to judge the Ministry, a right
which belonged to the National Congress
alone.
The Senate, by a vote of 171 to 90,
adopted a motion to defer discussion of
the Madagascar credits until a new Min
istry should be formed. The Ministers
left the Senate chamber when the vote on
the motion was announced and assembled
at the Foreign Office to discuss the situa
tion.
Tne Radical Senators and Deputies
visited M. Bourgeois and his colleagues
and urged them to continue in the strug
gle. Later the Ministers went to the Pal
ace of the Elysee lo consult President
Faura. It is believed they decided not to
resign, but to convoke the Chamber of
Deputies and demand a revition of the
constitution, presumably in the direction
of withdrawing the Cabinet from direct
responsibility to the Chamber.
It was officially announced this evening
that the Ministry, in view of the Senate's
attitude in barring the expenditure neces
sary to maintain the troops in Madagascar,
had decided to resign, but were unwilling
to abandon office before explaining to the
Chamber of Deputies the facts of the situ
ation.
Subsequently M. Bourgeois informed
President Faureof the result of the confer
ence and afterward conferred with M.
Brisson, president of tlie Chamber of
Deputies, who then summoned that body
to meet on Thursday. The Chamber ad
journed on April 1, not intending to meet
again until May 19.
Inspected the .Fortress.
COBURG, Germany, April 21. — The
Emperor inspected the fortress here thia
morning and started for Warnburg this
aiternoon.
STATESMEN TALK
ABOUT FINANCES
Appropriations for Indian
Schools Before the
Senate.
CHURCH AND THE STATE.
Secular Questions Again Crop
Up During the General
Debates.
ALL EDUCATION IS FAVORED.
Attempts to Shut Out Further Gov
ernment Aids to Denominational
Institutions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.— The
Indian appropriation bill occupied the
attention of the Senate during the greater
part of to-day's session. The discussion
as to appropriations to pay for "legal serv
ices" rendered to the "old settlers, or
Western Cherokses," resulted in the re
jection — ayes 15, noes 36 — of an amend
ment offered by Chandler (R.) of New
Hampshire, allowing the claimants to
bring suit in the Court of Claims, ana in
the subsequent adoption of the committee
amendment for payment of specified
amounts to about fifteen claimants. After
that matter was got out of the way the
question of secular Indian schools came
up and gave rise to rather an interesting
discussion, which was not concluded when
tne Senate at 5:30 adjourned until to
morrow.
Sherman (It.) of Ohio reported from the
Finance Committee an amendment to the
House bill already on the calendar ex
empting brandy made from various fruits
from the provisions of the law relating to
the manufacture of spirits. The amend
ment is to repeal the provision of ths exist
ing law allowing a rebate of the tax on
alcohol used in the arts and for medicinal
purposes.
Senate bill granting to the American
Invalid Aid Society of Boston, Mass., the
abandoned Fort Marcy military reserva
tion near Santa Fe, N. M., as a sanitarium
for pulmonary diseases was passed.
Pugh (D.) of Alabama recalled the f»ct
that he had yesterday withheld the mi
nority report of his colleague (Morgan) on
the Pacific railroads settlement bill. His
colleague had left Washington this morn
ing and had sent him a note asking him to
present the minority report and have it
printed in the Record, adding that it had
no reference to the bill reported last week
by the Pacific Railroads Committee as he
(Morgan) had never seen that bill nor
heard it discussed.
Gear (R.) of lowa, chairman of the Paci
fic Railroads Committee, explained the fact
by stating that Morgan had been detained
at his house by illness and had been un
able to attend the recent sessions of the
committee.
Objection to having the report printed in
the Record was made by Chandler (R.) of
New Hampshire as unusual, and it was
ordered to be printed as a document.
The resolution offered yesterday by
Cannon (R.) of Utah for a commission to
inquire as to the practicability of establish
ing near Washington, D. C, a ground map
of the United States, was taken up, and
Cannon addressed the Senate in explana
tion and advocacy of it. The resolution
was placed on the calendar.
The Indian appropriation bill was taken
up and the discussion of the amendment
tor payment for legal services rendered to
the "old settlers or Western Cherokees"
was continr^d, Palmer (D.) of Illinois
opening it in opposition to the amend
ment.
At 2 p. m. the Peffer bond resolution was
laid before the Senate as unfinished busi
ness, but it went over and the discussion
on the amendment to pay for legal ser
vices for the Cherokee Indians was re
sumed.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire moved
an amendment requiring the balance due
to the Western Cherotee Indians to be re
tained in the treasury and allowing the
persons making claims for legal ser
vices to sue in the Court of Claims. After
a long discussion Chandler's amendment
was disagreed to — ayes 15, noes 36.
Tne committee amendment was then
agreed to without a division and the ques
tion recurred upon an amendment offered
by Cockrell (D.) of Missouri, which de
clares it to be the settled policy of the
Government to make no appropriations
for tue education of Indian children in
sectarian schools as soon as provision can
be made for them otherwise and requiring
such provision to be made before 1898.
The amendment led to considerable de
bate. Gallingar (R.) of New Hampshire
condemned all opposition to the Commit
NEW TO-DAT.
Apollinaris
NATURAL MINERAL WATER.
MALICIOUS STATEMENTS having: been disseminated
that the APOLLINARIS WATER offered for sale in San
Francisco is not the Natural product of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING in GERMANY, notice is hereby given that every
arrival of APOLLINARIS WATER is accompanied by a
CERTIFICATE from the Proprietors of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING stating: that the shipment consists of Apollinaris
Natural Mineral Water, bottled at the Apollinaris Spring
near Neuenahr, Rhenish Prussia.
Such Certificates are invariably declared and sub-
scribed to by the said Proprietors in the presence of
the CONSUL of the United States of America at COLOGNE
in GERMANY, and are filed at the San Francisco Custom
House where they can at all times be inspected.
A REWARD of $1,000 will be paid for information
which will lead to the conviction of any person or
persons selling spurious Apollinaris Water.
JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First Street, San Francisco,
Representing CHARLES GRAEF & CO., New York.
Sole Agents of the AFOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED, Lon'DOK.
tee on School System of the United States.
In the name of patriotism he demanded
there should be no union ol church and
state.
George (D.) of Mississippi opposed the
amendment. He asserted that the Bap
tist church had uniformly refused to de
file its hands with any Government fund.
Kyle (Pop.) of South Dakota advocated
the Cockrell amendment and spoke of the
good missionary work done by Catholics
among the Indians.
Thurston (R.) of Nebraska professed his
profound respect for all religions, but de
clared that State and church snail be and
remain divorced.
Gorman (D.) of Delaware declared his
surprise at the invocation of the Nebraska
Senator and eulogized the work of all
Christians. "Education," he said, "by a
Baptist preacher, a Protestant minister or
a Catholic priest is better than no educa
tion at all."
Teller (R.) of Colorado thought the
Catholic schools seemed to be the most
successful Indian schools in the United
States. He favored, however, the House
provision for the immediate abolition of
all Indian contract schools.
The matter then went over without ac
tion, and at 5 o'clock the Senate adjourned
until to-morrow.
S ESS I OX OF THE HOUSE.
Goodwin Gets the Seat Jrotn the Fifth
Alabama J>iatrict.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.— Had
there been a quorum present to-day at the
close of a six hours' session the Populist
vote of the House would have been in
creased from seven to eight by the adop
tion of a resolution declaring Albert T.
Goodwin entitled to a seat as Representa
tive from the Fifth District of Alabama.
It had previously been voted — 47 to 109 —
that James E. Cobb (1).) was not elected a
Representative from that district in the
Fifty-fourth Congress and that he was not
entitled to the seat, thus reducing the
Democratic strength from 100 to 99.
Goodwin was nominated by the Popu
lists and indorsed by the Jefferson Demo
crats and Republicans, and the votes upon
the right to the seat were given by the Re
publicans and Populists in the House.
Cobb wSs supported by the solid Demo
cratic vote.
In the consideration of the committee
report Cobb championed his own cause
and was assisted by Bartleti (D.) of Geor
gia, and the recommendation of commit
tee No. 1 waß supported by Daniels (R.) of
New YorK, chairman, and Royse(R.)of
Indiana. Votes were taken viva voce on
the resolution declaring Cobb entitled to
his seat— ayes 47, noes 109— and "by bal
loi" on a motion to recommit the case
made by Densmore (D.) of Arkansas —
ayes 60, noes 130. On the resolution de
claring Goodwin entitled to the seat the
vote was 121 to 45. This was not a quorum,
and on motion of Dingley (R.) of Maine
at 5:50 the House adjourned until to
morrow, leaving the question to be settled
then.
Before the House entered upon the con
sideration of the elections Henderson iR.)
of lowa endeavored to secure unanimous
consent for the postponement of the opera
tion of the agreement made last week to
consider the bankruptcy bill on Wednes
day, Thursday and Friday of this week to
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday of
next week, but Hepburn (R.) of lowa ob
jected, being opposed to the consideration
of any bill of that character.
A Senate bill with amendments was
passed for the relief of settlers who located
on the Northern Pacific second indemnity
belt between August 15, 1887, and January
19, 1889, their titles having been declared
to be unsound.
The report of the Committee on Elec
tions No. lon the contested case of Rin
aker vs. Downing, from the Sixteenth
District of Illinois, was submitted by
Cooke (R.) of Illinois, the minority hav
ing until Monday next in which to pre
sent their views.
FOUGHT THE CIRCUS MEN
Kuralists Had a Lively Battle
With Two Hundred At
taches of the Show.
Citizens Helped the Police, but They
Were Defeated in the En
counter.
HUTCHINSON, Kans., April 21.-Par
ticulars of yesterday's riots at St. John,
Kans., were learned to-day. Bond Bros.'
circus was exhibiting there, and a number
of "grafiera" attached to the show were
running their gambling devices. A right
ensued, and over 200 employes and roust
abouts attacked the ruralists. Police
officers attempted to arrest one of the cir
cus men, and when the show people re
fused to give him up citizens offered their
assistance to the officers.
A bloody riot followed between the citi
zens and the circus gang, and the latter,
armed with canes, guns and tentstakes,
won the battle.
Charles Glasscock, a citizen of St. John,
was struck on the head with a tent stake
and will die. Jack Hedees, a member of
the circus, whose home is here, was badly
injured. Another circus man was shot in
the hip and several citizens were more or
less injured.
After the fight County Attorney Jen
nings wired Governor Morrill aY Topeka
for militia. Governor Morrill wired at
midnight that troops would be ordered out
immediately. The Santa Fe people, how
ever, would not hold the train, and the
circus men got away at 11:30 o'clock last
night for Dodge City. Governor Morrill
ordered a company from Newton, and it
passed through here this morning.
nvsjonuvs MADE HOMELESS.
Devastation Caused by the SUe of the
St. Lawrence.
THREE RIVERS, Quebec, April 21.—
The water in the St. Lawrence has risen
two feet since yesterday and is now higher
than during the great flood of 1865, the
highest on record here. An immense loss
has been sustained by farmers near this
city. Three "hundred homeless families
are being lodged by the city. The water
works and electric light stations are
flooded and the city is without either
water or light supply.
At Lake St. Peter ice passing down this
afternoon swept the wharves and river
front clean of all buildings, including the
Richelieu and Ontario Navigation Com
pany's frei htsheds and offices and the
Canadian Pacific frei?htsbeds. People
fled from their homes in terror. Thirty
two buildings have so far succumbed to
the flood.
Over 10C0 logs belonging to the St.
Maurice Lumber Company broke their
boom at Batiscan to-day ar.d were carried
away, taking with them Alarsicotte's
bridge, 600 feet long.
" A
f;^>-v^| •" ) \.i "'-"-* yjZ
MISS EDNA LISSON.
ANE OF THE PRETTY YOUNG MISSES
of Bakersficld is Miss Edna Lisson.
The above portrait gives but a partial view
of this beautiful girl. Her motner, Mrs.
A. Lisson, vouches for the following:
About two years ago Edna was suffering
from eruptions of the skin. Her face, her
hands, her body were at times all com-
pletely covered with blotches of small
pimples. Many were the remedies tried to
no avail. All kinds of soaps, ointments
and doctors' prescriptions availed not.
About this time Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla was recommended. The first bot-
tle was used and the only change for the
better was the regularity of the bowels and
the bright clearness of the eyes. After the
second bottle Edna began to get well.
She not only became strong and hearty,
but all the facial blemishes disappeared,
and is now the beautiful young lady you
see before you. .
1 vis story is not colored just to boom
Joy's .Vegetable Sarsaparilla. The above
story is about the mildest way of telling
the actual facts concerning the blood
remedy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Doctors have often been puzzled and "give
it up"— about Joy's. It is a peculiar herb
remedy. 'It contains no mineral poisons.
It is made entirely of "herbs. The only
people who speak against the remedy 'are
the druggists who have "A BETTER
PROFIT" sarsaparilla. When you want a
good blood medicine that produces no
pimples take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilia.
<v tf*S FA! L Co
DOCTOR SmNY.
HE IS ACKNOWLEDGED TO BE THE MOST
• ' successful Specialist of the age in the
treatment of all Nervous. Chronic and Private
diseases of both sexes. Lost Manhood, Vital
Losses, Exhausting Drains, Impotency and
all sexual disorders of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED
and OLD MEN a life-long study and practice.
Special attention given to diseases of ihe Eye,
Ear, Head, Heart, Throat, Stomach. Liver and
Bowels; Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Organs.
Prompt and perfect cures guaranteed. Toe
worthy poor ol the city are welcome to his best
professional services on Friday afternoons of
every week, free and without cost. Call or
write. Offices permanently located
737 Market Street, Han Francisco, Cal.
C ROSE CARNIVALS
—AND A—
A VENETIAN WATER
R CARNIVAL
%^T will swell the great tide of merry,
XL^ making to sweep over the State this
season.
N SANTA ROSA CARNIVAL
Is Programmed for
April 30, May 1 and 2.
The charming City of Roses is very .
I much at home with this favored
flower, and her pride in its exhibi-
tion is surpassed only by her
amazing wealth of roses.
SAN MATEO COUNTY'S
V ROSE CARNIVAL
Is to be held at Redwood City on tha
DATES NAMED ABOVE, and it will
be abundantly proven that San Mateo
knows all about roses.
A SANTA CRUZ VENETIAN
WATER CARNIVAL
Lis announced for June 17 to 20, In*
elusive. Mere mention brings vivid
; recollections of last season's brilliant
..; event, to be completely eclipsed thia
■ -^ year, it Is said. Thousands will won-
der how.
S REDUCED RATES eby
the Southern Pacific Company for aft
these brilliant events. Arrange your
vacation programmes accordingly,
• • and call on the agents for particulars.
DDIIOUFO FOR BARBERS, 3AK-
DllllnHr\ erSl bootblacks, bath-
VllUyilhU houses, billiard - tftbl.. «,
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers. . canner*
dyers, nourmUls, foundries, laundries, paper*
bangers," printers, painters, shoe factories, ataDl*
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc .
_•,„--_ BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrament o3*CONVENTIONS IN
SEVERAL STATES
Republicans and Democrats
Preparing for the
Struggle.
NAMING THE DELEGATES
Free Silver Men Gathering Their
Forces Champion the
White Metal.
PfiOTECTION AND SOUND MONEY
An Election Held in Louisiana At
tended by the Usual Shedding
of Blood.
BOSTON, Mass., April 21.— The Demo
cratic convention to elect delegates-at
large to the Chicago convention was held
in Music Hall to-day. John W. Corcoran,
chairman of the State Committee, called
the convention to order. There were 1276
delegates present.
The platform adopted indorses President
Cleveland's administration, commends
Secretary Carlisle's conduct of the Treas
ury Department, sympathizes with the
Cubans, and denounces the A. P. A.
Upon the currency question it demands
the maintenance of the existing gola
standard, and opposes free coinage of sil
ver. The platform concludes by saying
that following the long-established Dem
ocratic custom the convention will not
pledge the delegates, but earnestly recom
mends ex-Governor Russell.
J. E. Russell, George F. Williams, J. W.
Corcoran and James W. O* Donovan were
chosen unanimously as delegates-at-large
to the Chicago convention.
t PROVIDENCE, R. 1., April 21.— The
Democratic State Convention this after
noon was called to order by Chairman
Comstock. Richard B. Comstock, Miles
McCormick, George W. Greene and Jesse
11. Metcalf were elected delegates to the
National convention. The platform in
dorses the administration of Cleveland
and upholds the gold standard. William
E. Russell of Massachusetts waa recom
mended for President.
DEMOCRATS OF ALABAMA.
They Will Probably Declare in favor of
free Coinage.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., April 21.— The
Democratic State Convention was called
to order at 2 o'clock by John B. Knox,
chairman of the executive committee.
Alter a short address he announced James
CrooJt of Calhoun as temporary chairman.
On taking the chair Mr. Crook made a
speech, in which was outlined very clearly
the intention of the free-silver delegates
to run the convention in the interest of
the white metal, which means that the
platform will be for free and unlimited
coinage, and the delegation to Chicago will
be of the same way of thinking.
Committees were appointed on creden
tials, permanent organization and order of
business and the convention then took a
recess until 8 o'clock to-night.
The convention resumed its session at 8
p. m. The credentials committee reported
the list of delegates as prepared by the
State Committee, except the Clark dele
gates from Pike County, who were ex
cluded, and the Johnson delegates, who
adopted,
were given the seats. The report was
The committee on permanent organiza
tion reported Congressman Bankhead for
president. He was escorted to the chair
and made a strong declaration in favor of
unequivocal expression of opinion on the
currency question. He is an earnest advo
cate of free silver coinage at 16 to 1, re
gardless of the action of any other coun-
try.
The order of business requires the adop
tion of a platform before any nominations
are made. The committee on platform is
largely for free silver. All resolutions are
referred to it and a large number were in
troduced, read and sent to the committee.
They wili not be ready to report until
morning. The convention adjourned
until 10 o'clock to-morrow.
A sub-committee on platform was ap
pointed on which are three silver and two
gound money men. One of the latter was
a supporter of Johnson and the other of
Clark. There are about 150 men in the
convention who supported Clark, the
sound money candidate for Governor, and
350 who supported Johnson, free silver.
Of the Johnson supporters there are
quite a number who are souud money
men. One Johnson delegation is re
ported solidly for sound money and many
other are divided. If these vote as they
declare they will the platform will be vig
ously fought over.
ELECTIONS IN LOUISIANA.
Am Usual the Democrats Get the Prinei-
pal State Offices.
NEW ORLEANS, La., April 21.— The
Citizens' League to-day elected their can
didate for Mayor by upward of 10,000
majority over Congressman Charles F.
Buck. They also elected their entire city
and councilmanic ticket.
The negro vote went almost solidly for
the Citizens' League. The combination of
Cititens' Leaguers and Republicans was
engineered to success by the skill of ex-
Guvernor N. C. Warmouth.
The vote for Governor is close, but Fos
ter (JJ.) will probably have about 1000 ma
jority. The Democrats will carry the State
by a good majority and control the Legis
lature. The returns are coming in slowly,
as many of the parishes have no tele
graph communication.
. Dr. A. H. Goss, Pcpulist-Republican
candidate for Coroner for Tangipahoa
Parish, was shot and instantly killed, and
S. C. Hyde, Democrat, was mortally
wounded here this evening in election
difficulties. One negro is reported killed
in St. Landry. These are the only trou
bles so far reported.
CHEEK El> JIIE FAVORITE.
Enthusiastic JiepuOlieans at the Connec
ticut Convention.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., April 21.-The
Republican State Convention opened in
this city to-night and the organization of
the convention was perfected. Herbert E.
Benton, chairman of the State Central
Committee, called the convention to order
and introduced Judge Edgar M. Warner of
Putnam as the temporary presiding officer.
The allusion of Judge Warner in his
address to the various candidates formed
the first sensational episode of the con
vention. The mention of Allison and
Morton evoked strong applause, but pro
longed cheering followed the presentation
of the names of Reed and McKinley.
Congrtssman Charles Russell of the
Third Congressional District and Samuel
Fessenden of Stamford made brief ad
dresses, congratulating the convention on
the brilliant outlook before the Republi
cans in Connecticut. The committees of
the convention were then appointed by
Judge Warner, and the convention ad
journed until to-morrow morning.
BRTAN AS A CANDIDATE.
Certain to Be Mentioned in the Xebrasha
Democratic Convention.
LINCOLN, Nebe., April 24.— 1f the pres
ent temper of many delegates to the Free
Silver Democratic State Convention to
morrow remains as it is to-day, Nebraska
will launch a Presidential candidate in the
person of ex-Congressman W. J. Bryan of
Lincoln. There may be no formal instruc
tions, but the mention of his name in that
connection is sure to occur. Mr. Bryan's
intimates virtually admit that he is a
candidate, but they also declare that he
will work against instructions, inasmuch
as he will be a delegate at large, and wishes
to be in a position to mate a fight for ad
mission with his colleagues to the Chicago
convention as against the sound-money
faction, which will send a contesting dele
gation from this State.
To-morrow's convention will be called to
order at 2 p. M. and promises to be short
and decisive. There will be 540 delegates
and twice that many sympathizing spec-
tators, and every one is sounding the
praises of free silver. There promises to
be little friction over the selection of the
four delegates at large, the names men
tioned this evening being ex-Congressman
Bryan of Lincoln, C. J. Smythe of Omaha,
Judge W. H. Thompson of Grand Island
and J. C. Dahlman ot Chadron. The six
Congressional districts will also choose
their delegates. In the evening, if the
State convention concludes in time, Gov
ernor Stone of Missouri will make an ad
dress.
Free Silver Democrats.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., April 21.— A meet
ing of the free silver Democrats of this,
the Fifth Congressional District, was held
to-night. Plans were discussed to or
ganize the city and county so as to cap
ture its 195 votes for free silver in the State
convention and to secure free silver men
for National delegates. The meeting was
not largely attended. The feeling in
Louisville now seems to be that Carlisle
will not be opposed for the Presidency if
the toes of the free silver men are not
stepped on. No definite action was taken
at to-night's meeting.
Herd's Chances Improve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.— The
friends of Reed are assuming a jubilant
appearance. They say that the strength
of their candidate is constantly improv
ing, and that of 604 delegates already
elected to St. Louis. 128 are pledged for
Reed. They say, moreover, that the Me-
Kinley boom has been greatly overesti
mated. In the hope of weakening Mc-
Kinley they are encouraging Cullom to
stay in the tight, but the Illinois people
say that no encouragement is necessary,
that Cullom will not withdraw and that
even iihedid, Illinois would not support
McKiriley.
May Induce Orover to Run.
CHICAGO, 111., April 21.— J. H.Eckles,
Comptroller of the Currency, arrived
here yesterday. He thinks that Doth
parties will adopt a sound money platform,
and that the sooner the free-coinage talk
ends the sooner will prosperity return to
th" country. He thinks that the un
certainty on the money question is the
principal thing now interfering with busi
ness. He thinks that when the Democrats
have announced their platform they will
have no difficulty in finding a good man.
Cieveland may be persuaded to run again.
Democrats Will Part Company.
DALLAS, Tex, April 21.— 1t looks as
though the two wings of the Democratic
party in Texas have "come to the parting
of the ways." The gold standard men
held a State conference to-day, which in
dicates from every step thus far taken a
bolt from the free silver majority of th*
party in Texas. There are several hundred
deleeates in attendance, every section of
the State being represented. Various com
mittees were appointed to map out work
for the meeting, which will continue to
morrow.
Ttro Kentucky Senators.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21.— Elections
were held to-day to choose successors to
Senators Walton and James, who were
nnseated by the Democrats of the last
Legislature in retaliation for the unseat
ing of Democrats in the House. In Wal
ton's district W. J. Bale (D.) was elected
without difficulty. In James' district the
Democrats made no li^ht and he bad a
walkover, his only opponent being R. T.
Pender, a Populist.
Brice's Plans Changed.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 21.—Sena
tor Brice has changed his plans and will
go to Chicago to try to have a sound
money plank adopted by the Democrats.
He had at first intended to spend the sum
mer in Europe and not attend the conven
tion, but influential members of the party
convinced him that it was his duty to do
what was possible for sound money.
Delegates Not Wedged.
BALTIMORE, Mb., April 21.— The Sec
ond, Third and Fourth Republican Con
gressional District Conventions were held
here to-day. Two delegates to the National
Convention, two alternates and a Presi
dential elector were elected by each con
vention, and go uninstructed.
To Room Bland.
LEBANON, Mo.. April 21.-Friends of
Richard P. Bland met last night and organ
ized a club to work for him and secure for
him the Democratic nomination for the
Presidency. The Missouri Populists have
decided not to support Bland.
ItIttLODGED THE IASTTROEJfTa.
Spanish Leaders Iteport Victories Over
the Cubans.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 21.— Colonel Vila
reports having had several engagements
with bands belonging to Maceo's com
mand, near Segua Cabanes. The insur
gents were dislodged from the Tapia hills
after a heavy tire of cannon and musketry.
They fled in different directions, leaving
behind them twenty-five killed and wound
ed. The troops are still in pursuit of the
rebels. Colonel Vila also reports that
while a detachment of his command was
leaving Cabanes for Tramales estate the
rear guard was attacked by rebels, who
were repulsed.
The troops followed them to Vigia and
San Claudio. Numerous rebel groups, who
were in ambush, were dispersed after three
hours' fiehting. The rebel loss is sup
posed to have been large.
No mention is made of any Spanish loss
in either figh'. For this reason Cubans
hero look upon the reports with Busmcion
believing them to be, like many other
official announcements, without any basis
in truth.
Forty guerrillas of San Antonio de las
Vegas, in an engagement with a local
rebel band, captured four residents of that
town who bad disappeared in the confusion
of the hght with the intention of joining
the rebels. They were killed by the guer
rillas.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22. 1896.
RUNNING RACES
ON FIVE TRACKS
Mrs. Langtry's Amphibia
Wins the Westminster
Plate.
SEA MIST IS SECOND.
The Great Metropolitan Stakes
Captured in Fine Style
by Fatherless.
CROKEE'S NAGS DIDN'T START.
On the American Courses the Usual
Sport of a High Order is
Witnessed.
LONDON, Eko., April 21.— At the Epsom
spring meeting to-day the Westminister
plate of 300 sovereigns for two-year-olds,
live furlongs, was won by Mrs. Langtry's
Amphibia. Sea Mist was second and
Bayolia third. None of Richard Croker'B
entries in to-day's events at Epsom were
starters.
The Great Metropolitan stakes (handi
cap) of 1000 sovereigns for three-year-olds
and upward, about two miles and a quar
ter, was won by Fatherless. The Rays was
second and Fiesole third.
MEMPHIS, Txrar., April 21.— The record
of winnine favorites has probably been
made at the Montgomery Park meeting
this season. Out of an average of six races
each day since tue meeting began, an
average of four has beeu taken by favorites.
To-day five Trent that way, so that the
bookmakers are having a hard time.
Five furlongs, Storm King won, Lincoln
second, Jolly Son third. Time, I:O4 J^.
Six furlongs, Panjandrum won, Crusader
second, Scottish Lad third. Time, 1 :17%.
One mile and a sixteenth, Free Advice won,
Rey del Mar second, Loki third. Time, 1 :50%.
One mile, Leonard B won, Lester second,
Miss Perkins third. Time. i:46.
Six furlongs, Irish Lady won, Lady Doleful
second, Lucille H third. Time, 1 :17m.
One mile, Joe O'Sot won, Miss Clark second,
Sauterne tnird. Time, 1 :45%.
Defending: his horse Agent in hia ques
tioned race the other day, Pat Dunne
stated in a published interview to-day that
anybody could have the horse for $500.
This afternoon a ne^ro put up the amount.
Dunne could not crawfish and the animal
went. Who the negro represented is not
known. Dunne is sore.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.—Not
withstanding a card that was light a
series of very interesting events spiced
with some brilliant racing delighted the
visitors at Bennings to-fiay. The favor
ites were winners, while Paladin, who was
a great favorite in the handicap, was third
in a card of tnree starters.
Five and a half furlongs, Kennel won, Emo
tional second, Mangrove third. Time, 1 :10.
Four and a half furlongs, selling, Azure won,
Lizzie B II second, Gray Bird third. Time,
:57 3-5.
Six furlongs, Shakespeare II won, Intermis
sion second. Premier third. Time, 1 :15 3-5.
One mile, selling, Brisk won, Allen L second,
Pitfall third. Time, 1 :44 2-5.
One mile and 100 yards, Captain T won, Mrs
Stuart second, Paladin third. Time, 1:52 2:5.
CHICAGO, 111., April 21.— Four favor
ites, a third choice and an extreme out
sider pulled down the purses. The start
ing-machine was used in every race except
the handicap, and worked successfully.
Six furlongs, Helen H. Gardner won, Willie
Shannon second, New House third. Time.
1:21.
Four and a half furlongs, Cherry Flame won,
Provident second, Mrs. Murphy third. Time,
:59}^. ■-."''"
Five furlongs, Bridget won, Roslyn second,
MaY Ashley third. Time, 1:04%.
Srx and a naif furlongs, handicap. Redskin
won, Ashland second, Simmons third. Time,
1:23%. r;; ;':•::
One mile, Evanatus won, Fusileer second.
Semele third. Time, 1:46.
Five furlongs. Uncas won, Republic second.
TeetaMay third, Time, 1 :03%.
NEWPORT, Ky., April 21.- Favorites
won four out of the six races on the card
to-day. In the fifth race Jockey Gatewood,
who was on D L, fell off, and his right leg
was broken below the knee.
Six and a half furlongs, selling, Adonis won,
vVamck second, Aimee third. Time, 1 :23
Gas furlongs, Tit for Tat won, Derfargilla sec
ond, Queen third. Time, I :lsVi-
Seven furlongs, selling, Hot Spur won. Front
man second, Gus Straus third. Time, 1 :23? i
One mile and a furlong, selling, Toots won,
Ba^so second, JP B third. Time 1 54>i
Four furlongs, selling, Nina Louise won,
Newport second, The Blossom third. Time
:49J-.j.
Seven furlongs, selling, Text won, Tariff Re
form second, Uno third. Time, 1:30.
INTERESTING SPRING GAMES.
Good Sport at the lale Track Associa
tion Meeting.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., April 21.-The
spring games of the Yale Track Athletic
Association were held this afternoon at
the Yale field. The principal feature was
the breaking of the Yale track record for
the mile walk by Fred C. Thrall, a senior,
who covered the distance in 6 minutes and
58 3-5 seconds. Chappelle, Johnson, Mc-
Farland. J. M. Gerard, Van Winkle, Shel
don and Beck are all winners from the
freshman class. The summaries:
100 yards dash, winner G. S. Chappelle
Time, :10 1-5.
120 yards, hurdles, winner Edwin C. Perkins
Time, :16 1-5.
One mile run, winner B. B. Hinnekelev
Time, 4:48 3-5. *'
440 yards dash, winner F. P. Garvan. Time
:51 1-5.
One mile walk, winner F. C. Thrall. Time
6:58 3-5. (Breaking Yalo track record of
7:14.)
220 yards, hurdle, winner E. C. Perkins.
Time, :26 2-5.
Half mile run, winner W. B. Johnson. Time,
2:04 3-5.
Two-mile bicycle race, winner J. S. McFar
land. Time, 5:15.
Running high jump, winner J. M. Gerard.
Distance, 5 feet 10 incheß.
Kunning broad jump, winner R. Mitchell.
Distance, 21 feet 5 Inches.
Pole vault, winner C. T. Vanwinkle. Dis
tance, 10 feet 1% inches.
Putting tne shot, winner Ricnard Sheldon.
Distartee, 40 feet 6 inches.
Throwing the hammer, winner H. P. Cross.
Distance, 118 feet.
OJV THE SALE, FIELD.
Winners of Lively dames on the Eastern
Diamond*.
BALTIMORE, M©., April 21.— Errors
of omission and commission alternated
throughout to-day's contest, with startling
plays by individual members of both
clubs. The star performance of the game
was a left-hand catch by Reitz whereby he
completed a double play by tossing the
sphere to Doyle. Attendance 47oo. Score:
Baltimore 2 0 20 5 140*-14 13 4
Boston 010001000-2 11 7
Baiu-rles— Hoffer and Robinson; Yerrick and
Ganzei. Urr.pirva— Heydler and Henderson.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 21.— T ne Browns
batted Griffith harJ in two innings to-day
and won with a safe margin. The visitors
got the worst of Sheridan's umpiring. At
tendance 1600. Score:
St. Louis 00300004*— 7 11 S
Cbieasos 0 0 110 0 10 0— 353
batteries— ll art and McFarland; Griffith and Kit
irldße. Umpire— Sheridan.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 21 After
batting Young out of the box in the sixth
inning, and tying the score, the home
team lost to-day's game by the timely bat
ting in the ninth inning of the Clevelands.
Attendance 3852. Score:
Cinclnnatis 100000621—10 16 1
Clevelands 2202 012 02—11 18 3
Batteries— Davis. Fisher, Foreman and Vaughn;
Wilson. Young and Zimmer. Umpire— Emslie.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 21.—To
day's game was replete with brilliant plays
and was an interesting seesaw. £elbach"'s
fielding was wonderful. Attendance 5500.
Score :
Washinsrtons 2030002 50—12 13 2
Brooklyns 0040 06 0 0 o—lo 15 6
Batteries— Mercer and McAuley; Kennedy and
Grim. Umpire— Keefe.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 21.— The initial
game here to-day was won by Pittsburg in
the ninth, after a stubborn battle. The
visitors found much fault with Umpire
Weidman's decisions, and Captain O'Brien
was removed from the game for disputing
them. Attendance 8000. Score:
Pittsbur»'s 0 1000000 3— 4 9 0
Louisville 101010000—3 9 4
Batteries-Hawley and Merritt; Hill and Warner.
Umpire— Weid man.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 21. -The
league championship season opened at the
Polo Grounds this afternoon with a defeat
for tne New Yorks. The weather was
threatening, yet 18,000 persons were in at
tendance when the fun began. The New
Yorks could do notning with McGill's
curves when men were on bases, and but
for Stafford's two-bagger, which sent Tier
nan across the plate in the second inning,
they would have been shut out. Score:
New Yorks 010000000—1 8 1
Philadelphia. 2000 00 0 1 •— 3 7 0
> atteries — Clarke and Searfoss: McGiU and
Boyle. Umpire— Hurst.
NEBRASKA'S TOURNAMENT.
Good scores Made by the Crack Shooters
at Omaha.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 21.— The twentieth
annual tournament of the Nebraska State
Sportsman's Association opened here to-day.
There are about 125 shooters from different
parts of the couftry present, besides a large
attendance from the State. The shooting in
cluded nine events, Empire targets, with an
average of fifty-four entries for each event.
The shooting was not up to the average for tne
first part of the day, but in the afternoon the
men shot in their old form.
The highest average was made by Parmelee
of Omnba, followed by Heikes of Dcs Moiiies,
Gilbert of Spirit Lake and Sexton. The big
money winners were Peterson, Parmelee,
Heikes, Budd, Marshall, Linderman and
Loomis, Peterson and Heikes walking away
with the largest amount. There are extra
prizes offered for each day's handicaps. The
State championship Bhoot for medals occurs
Friday.
The' following nimrods, many of them repre
senting sportiug-goods houses, are in the city
Milt F. Lindsley, Cincinnati; R.Merrill, Mil
waukee; \V. S. Duer, Hastings, Xebr. ; Fred
Gilbert, Spirit Lake, Iowa; C. W. Budd, Dcs
Moines; C.M.Grimm, Clear Lake, Iowa; W.
G. Sergeant, T. R. Kenmouth, Joplin, Mo. ; A.
E. Bigelow, Ogden, Utah; S. J. Tucker, Meri
den, Conn.; A.G.Courtney, Syracuse, N.Y. :
F. H. Snow, Brooklyn; T. H. Keller. New York;
T. A. Marshall, Keithsburg, 111.; R. O. Heikes,
Dayton, Ohio, and Elliott Rowe of bait Lake.
SAN JOSE PUGILISM.
Police Stop a fight in Time to Prevent a
Knockout.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 21.— A series of
boxing contests, eiven under the auspices
' of an organization known as the Physical
Culture Association, were inaugurated in
this city to-night. There were short
friendly bouts between Frank Brown and
Al Queves, Frank Washington and Charles
Farola.and Dan Long ami Jim McNamara,
and then came the event of the evening —
a tifteen-round contest between Matt Si
michi, a local lightweight, and '"Billy"
Polasky of Gilroy, known as "Young
Dempsey," for a purse or" $75. After three
exciting rounds, in which Simichi made
the best showing, the police, scenting a
knockout, stopped the fight. The referee
declared the contest a draw.
TIRES* CM*' McCARTHX'B CROWD.
Xebraalca Propoues to Get Rid of a
Troublesome Gang.
LINCOLN, Nebr., April 21.— Governor
Holcomb, Deputy Attorney-General Day
and County Attorney Loeffler of Sarpy
County held a conference this afternoon
in relation to the outrages committed by
tbe Vie McCarthy gang. The recent action
MISS NELLIE KNIGHT, STOCKTON'S QUEEN OF ROSES.
[From a photograph.]
of the Government in sending a recom
mendation to Congresa that the Dawson
family be reimbursed for the assault com
mitted on tnem by the McCarthy gang
led Governor Holcomb to call this confer
ence, with a view of protecting the State
from future outrages of this character.
The Dawsons are still subjects of Great
Britain, though living at Alliance, this
State, and they claimed $42,000 damages,
but Congress will probably allow but $2000.
Vie McCarthy is a fugitive from justice
and his brother is in the penitentiary.
it OUST* BY THIS OATH.
-■In Indian Secret Society Canted a Mer-
chant's Murder.
WICHITA, Kans., April 21.— The Ke-
Too-Wah, a CheroKee Indian secret oath
bound order, is supposed to have insti
gated the mnrder of R. Madden, tbe Bragg
(I. T.) merchant who was killed at that
place yesterday. Mose Miller, the Chero
kee Indian who did the shooting, was a
member of the society, and it is thought
that he was chosen by lot to put Madden
out of the way.
Efforts to suppress the Ke-Too-Wah
have been unavailing. Its members are
said to be bound by the strongest oaths to
carry out the wishes of the majority, even
to the extent of committing murder.
Demand a \tte ceirer.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 21.— E. S.
Squinton of Topeka, Kans., acting for a
number of creditors, made application in
the Federal court here yesterday for tbe
appointment of a receiver for the Topeka
Capital newspaper. The creditors who
want the receiver hold claims against the
paper amounting to $20,000. The defend
ants are resisting the application.
Over Thetr Vetoes.
ALBANY, N. V., April 21.— Speaker
Fish said to-night that tbe Lexow Greater
New York bill would be called up in the
Assembly to-morrow and rcpassed over
the vetoes of Mayors Strong and Wurster.
STOCKTON RULED
BY FLORA'S WAND.
The Rose Queen . and Her
Followers Capture
the City.
A REIGN OF REVELRY.
Thousands Entertained in a Fairy
Bower Created by Native
Daughters.
BUDS AND BELLES IN RIVALRY
Grotesque Bellamy Drill Executed by
an Army of Masked Matrons
and Maids.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 21.— The big
agricultural pavilion was thronged to
night in spite of the falling rain, and sev
eral thousand people packed the galleries
to witness the opening of the first floral
carnival held in Stockton. For the past
MISS LOUISA GALLUP, THE QUEEN FLORA OF THE STOCKTON FESTIVAL
[From a photograph. ]
week the native daughters have "worked
their fingers off" transforming the gigantic,
barnlike structure into a veritable bower
of roses. They have done the work, spent
their own money, and to them belongs the
credit of the great success the floral carni
val proved to be 8 n the opening night.
At this season of the year the climbing
roses hero cannot be excelled in the State,
and the wealth of rich, yellow Marechal
Neil and cloth-of-gold blossoms banked
against the walls of the various booths
combined in an effect not often witnessed.
At the entrance of the big huiiding was a
huge arch covered entirely by red and
white roses. It was surmounted by a
floral eagle and a small bear bedecked with
roses. On either side was a floral locomo
tive and a ship made of rosebuds. The
arch was 30 feet high and completely cov
ered by blossoms.
Near the entrance wag a huge floral
building, exhibited by someot the attaches
of the State asylum, and which tuey have
named the Wilmerding School. Banked
against the stage is an immense mass of
flowers with huge letters "N. D. G. W."
wrought in marigolds in the center, while
to toe right of the stage is a mass of Cali
fornia poppies and the wild flowers of this
section.
The throne of Queen Flora is a huge
affair, made of white and yellow Banksia
roses. It is situated at the western end of
the building, in lull view of all the gal
leries. To the left is the popcorn booth,
trimmed with great streamers of white
snowballs, and near the entrance to the
left is the lemonade booth, which occupies
the place usually taken up as a converva
tory during fair time.
The floor on which the march of the
Native Daughters was to take place had
heen inclosed by a fence made of stream
ers of evergreen festooned from joints of
terra cotta pipe. Long before the hour for
the opening number on the programme
the space outside this evergreen fence was
packed with people. The Sixth Regiment
band discoursed popular airs, while Miss
Louisa Gallup as Queen Flora was marshal
ing her fair retinue and Miss Nellie
Knight as Queen of Roses was forming her
army ot 300 sweet-faced girls and hand
some young women.
When the procession finally started, led
by Miss Hannah Gray as Minerva, a burst
of applause greeted the host of young
ladies and pretty misses, covered with a
mass of roses, as they stepped on the floor.
Following Minerva were twenty-four of
the Native Daughters, charmingly gowned
and wearing long streamers of green and
yellow bunting, the colors of the parlor,
about their shoulders. They formed the
drill corps that later in the evening gave
as pretty an exhibition of military evolu
tion as one would seen anywhere.' After
Minerva's retinue came four little pages
dressed in white duck. They were little
Fred and Arthur Turner, Jonnie Willy and
Thomas Baker, the infantile quartet that
the local parlor of Native Sons always take
with it when attending Admission day
celebrations. They carried long wands
decorated with lilies, and preceded Queen
Flora.
The Queen of the Flowers wa3 regally
dressed in white satin en train, and her
gown was covered with roses and orna
manted with diamonds. Two little pages
supported her train.
Then came the Queen of Hoses, a tall,
graceful girl, and looking every inch a
queen, in her robe of white silk, decked
with roses of white and pink. Close be
hind came her retinue, comDOsed of
Misses Laura Hendricks, Dora McConnell,
Nellie Stevens, Hattie Dunlap, Grace and
Alma Fuson, Alma Patzer and Harris.
They were gowned in pink, yellow and
white muslin, trimmed with rosea. Three
hundred misses and little cirls, down to
tiny tots rive years of age, all decked with
roses, followed.
After going through a pretty march oc
cupying a half hour's time Minerva's band
made way to the throne and escorted
Queen Flora thither. Then the Queen of
Roses led the march again about the big
hall until the children were finally dis
banded.
To-morrow night, in place of the floral
march, there will be a battle of roses, in
which those who participated in the
march will appear.
A feature of to-night's programme was
a fairy dance by tiny girls, led by little
Hazel Sullivan. The drill by twenty-four
members of the local parlor of Native
Daughters was an admirable affair.
These were Mesdames George Homage,
Harry Homage, Chestnutwood, McCon
nell, Blaisdell. Snyder, Spayd, Dunlap,
Barney, Needham, Roberts, Mills, Gne
kow, White, Hubbard, and Misses Freda
Lambert, Hannah Gray, Jessie Fyfe,
Birdie Barilo. Nellie Chase, Ethel Willy,
Annie Smith, Emma Badgley and Louisa
Eckel. They gave what they termed the
Bellamy drill, wearing sunbonnets on
which were false faces, giving the appear
ance to the audience of all the evolutions
being executed looking backward. The
young ladies had been carefully drilled
and won great applause.
The popcorn booth was one of the cen
ters of attraction to-night. It was pre
sided over by Miss Zetta Kohlberp, attired
in white and Javender trimmed with roses
and lace, and Miss Saffernill. who was
prettily gowned in white brilliantine with
pink trimmings. They were assisted by
Miss Maud Scott, who wore a fetching
gown of gray silk, and Miss Clara Stier,
who was becomingly gowned in nile green
crepe.
At the icecream booth Mrs. John Willy,
Miss Florilla Campbell, Mrs. L. Snyder,
Miss Jenkins and Mrs. Leroy Atwood pre
sided, and the lemonade stand was looked
after by Miss Nevin and Miss Gertie Gans.
Much praise for the success of the entire
NEW TO-DAT.
than ever. JffL
Would you know Jjjit&m
all the delight of
silent gliding bicy- /^SfiSSpOl
cle motion ? Then jf^jPSTj^
secure one of the \Vy / .J»^^
/ '$100;' Standard of the World,
to all alike. — — ~ — ~ — ~ ~>
Hartford Bicycles, handsome and reliable, 860,
■ •60, 950. Beautiful Catalogue free if you call.
POPE MANUFACTURHG COMPASY,
344- POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
1970 PAGE ST., NEAR STANYAN,
affair is due to Mrs. W. W. Stockwell,
the president of the local parlor of Native
Daughters.
CAPITAL CITY OUTLAWS
Townsend's Story Corroborated
by Witnesses Against the
Robbers.
Melvin Hatch Swears That Callen.
dine Urged Him to Join
the Gang.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 21.— A1l
day long evidence corroborating Fred
Townsend's confession has been accumu
lating before Judge Da vis in the Callendine,
Baker and Townsend robbery case, and
although the counsel for the accused has
subjected all the witnesses to a rigorous
system of cross-examination, it has failed
to materially break the chain that is beine
slowly and surely bound around the de
fendants. The most material testimony
brought to light to-day was that of Mel
vin Hatch, one of the ex-railroad strikers,
who was tried for train-wrecking aud ac
quitted at Woodland. He stated that CaL
lendine and Townsend had repeatedly
come to him and made proposals to rob a
train, and he had always refused, and
warned them to keep away from him.
The last time Hatch met Callendine in
Washington the latter proposed to him
that they hold up streetcars in Sacra
mento. Later he proposed that ttiey
"touch off" the safe of the streetcar com
pany's office. Callendine explained that
they could go out in a <ur and take young
Townaend along. Callendine begged him
to go along, saying another man wua
needed. The witness had only a few
words with Baker about the business, and
Baker said :
"The best thing we can. do is to keep
away from that nianCallen'dine. He is no
good."
Several witnesses who had been present
when the robbery occurred corroborated
in every detail the story related by Town
send. C. M. Kosemund was very posi
tive in declaring that the voices or Town
send, Baker and Callendine were exactly
the same as the voices of the masked mea
who committed the robbery and the men
corresponded in size and style of walking.
OR AX HE COUXTX it PUBLIC AX 8,
Delegates to the State Convention In
structed for McK.in.ley.
SANTA ANA. Cal., April 21.— The
Republican County Convention was held
here to-day, and the following delegates to
the State Convention at Sacramento
chosen :
At Laige— T. J. Alexander, Linn L.
Shaw and W. H. Burnhani. From Super
visors' districts, Dr. M. A. Menses, O. J.
Buck, H. W. Chynoweth, D.~C. Pixley
and S. W. Preble. These delegates were
also constituted accredited representatives
at the Seventh District Congressional
Convention at Modesto on May 4. previous
to the State Convention at Sacramento.
The convention unanimously instructed
the delegates to use all honorable means
to secure the election of McKinlev dele
gates to the St. Louis convention, and
their best endeavor to send U. S. Grant of
San Diego to the St. Louis convention as
delegate~at large from this State.
The platform adopted contains planks
on .more stringent restriction of foreign
immigration: protests against the use of
public money for other than free schools;
demands longer residence of foreigners be
fore they be intrusted with the ballot, and
demands the enforcement of educational
qualifications for voters.
i NEW .TO-DAY.
$2.50.
All-wool Tweed Combination Suits (with
extra pair of pants and golf cap), ages 8 to
15 years.
Regular price, $3 75.
We'll sell them all week at $2 50 if the
1500 we have last. There are three times
1500 boys who want one.
Medium weight; well trimmed; two
seasonable shades.
Orders by mail should come at once.
We guarantee to suit.
FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
: JUST RECEIVED-A LARGE INVOICE OF
Long-Waisted P. D. Mam Rival Corsets,
C. P. Ala i rein- Corse!-.
Celebrated l!»val C. T. Corsets,
JKlegant >. T. French Corsets,
Unrivaled .Werly Corsets,
llicycle Corsets."
The Reigning Fashionable I.OCIS XT
PARISIAN COKSJET and THJE
' OLGA COKSET.
2tm 7 *!• Iflßr
** ™
We have no branch store on Market street.
. Our Illustrated' Catalogue sent free to
any address.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
: 3MC. PREUD efts SOZSTy
742-744 Tlarket St. and 10-12 Grant Ay«,
34
FATAL SHOOTING
NEAR COLUMBIA
Colonel Caleb T. Dorsey
Slain by His Mining
Partner.
HIT BY TWO BULLETS.
J. T. Newcomer, the Homicide,
Claims That He Fired in
Self-Defense,
QUARBELED OVER PROPERTY.
He Walks to Sonora and Surrenders
Himself Into the Custody of
a Sheriff.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 21.— Colonel
Caleb T. Dorsey was shot and killed at
1:30 o'clock this afternoon, at a mine fif
teen miles from Columbia, by J. T. New
comer. The latter fired twice, both bullets
striking Dorsey. The killing resulted from
a dispute over a mine in which the two
men were interested. After the shooting
Newcomer went to Columbia by the trail
leading from the mine to the town. When
be arrived there he was almost breathless
from the trip, which he made on foot. To
Telephone Agent Davis he said that he
had killed Dorsey in order to save Mb own
life, but he was too excited to give any
further particulars, and hastened od to
Sonora, where he surrendered himself into
the custody of the Sheriff.
The only witness to the killing of Dor
sey was the nephew of the murdered man,
and he could not be reached at a late hour
this afternoon. As soon as the news of
the Killing was received at Columbia a
number of men started on foot for the
mine, among them the Coroner. They
had to make the journey over the same
trail by which Newcomer came in from
the mine.
Dorsey wa.> shot twice, one bullet enter
ing the stomach and the other striking
him in the side. The murdered man was
well known here, as he was a frequent vis
itor to Stockton. He was about 55 years
of age. He has a brother living in San
Jose. Dorsey has owned the mine over
which he was killed for the past twenty
years, the property beanne his name.
About six months ago Newcomer came
from Texas to Columbia and purchased an
interest in the mine. He had very little to
say about the affair after surrendering to
the authorities at Sonora, and merely
reiterated the statement made to the ope
rator at Columbia that he shot in self-de
fen '•c. Dorsey is connected by marriage
with the family of Dr. Young, one of the
physicians on the asylum staff here, and
has a Bister living here— Mrs. L. E. D.
Ewing.
*IRET> IX BEL,F-I>ETEXSE.
yetccotner Claim* Horsey Attempted to
Draw a Revolver.
SONORA, Cal., April 21.— John T. New
comer, who shot and killed his mining
partner, Colonel Caleb T. Dorsey, at Italian
bar to-day, is an inmate of the Tuolumne
County Jail. He walked to this place
from the scene of the tragedy and surren
dered.
Newcomer claims that Dorsey accused
him of having stolen amalgum. New
comer called Dorsey a liar and the latter,
lie say?, attempted to draw his revolver.
Newcomer drew first and shot Dorsey
twice.
Newcomer declines to make any further
statement. The two partners served in
the same regiment in the Confederate
army. Dorsey represented Stanislaus
County in the twenty-second State As
sembly.
WOODLAND COURT ROW
Judge Lampton and Attorney
Clark Engage in a Lively
Passage-at-Arms.
Exciting Scene During the Examina
tion of Shepherd and Colium for
Alleged Arson.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 21.— The pre
liminary examination of Colium and Shep
herd,proprietors of the Woodland Woolen
mills, charged with firing the plant on
January 27, was resumed to-day. Seven
witnesses were examined, all of whom
were employees of the mill at the time
the property was burned. Their testi
mony was in direct rebuttal regarding the
amount of wool in the mill on the day of
the tire. Of the 42,800 pounds claimed by
the defendants to have been destroyed,
not over 1000 pounds, so far as the witnesses
knew, was in the mill on the day of the
fire, and that amount wasjalleged 'to have
been waste wool.
During the examination of Miss Neff
Attorney Clark objected to the District
Attorney's line of questioning in terms so
strenuous that all those inside the railing
were on their feet in an instant, and for
a few moments the courtroom presented
a lively scene. While Judge Lampton
was loudly rapping for order Clark, above
the din, was shouting:
"I do not and will not submit to be
longer bulldozed and browbeaten by the
District Attorney and this court/ and
especially when the most casual ob
server knows that such questioning
is erroneous and misleading and would
not for one moment be tolerated in the
Superior Court. I—"
"Sit down," roared Judge Lampton.
"I will withdraw from this case,"
shouted Clark, "if such questioning is fur
ther permitted."
"Silence, Mr. Clark, I say," again re
peated the court.
"I will — "
"Sit down, I say."
"I will sit down, your Honor," gasped
the exhausted attorney as he sank into a
chair.
"Your motion is overruled, Mr. Clark."
'W e except 1 '—and the case was resumed.
AT. HKLEXA'S PLIGHT.
Bill* Contracted b y a former Board of
~j Trustee* Will _V»* Be Paid.
ST. HELENA, Cal.. April 24.-Tbe
newly elected town officials were duly in.
ducted into office last night, and the Trust
ees created something of a sensation within
a half hour after taking their seats. The
outgoing board left a legacy of about $2000
unpaid bills, contracted in excess of the
known resources of the town, and Trustee
George Schonewald announced that he
had taken legal advice on the situation,
and not a dollar of the claims could law
fully be paid, although there was no ques
tion but that the town had had value re
ceived.
This state of affairs was brought about
by the necessity of a stone bridge across
the Napa River at a cost of $13,000, and ex
pensive street improvements, together
with some carelessness on the part of the
board. The heaviest unpaid bills are for
pas and water, but some of them are for
labor done by men who cannot afford to
lose their money.
JACK FROST FAVORS FLORIX.
Little Damage Hat Keen Done in the
I union* Strawberry Belt.
FLORIN, Cal., April 21.— The heavy
frosts which have recently prevailed in
nearly all parts of the State touched this
vicinity lightly. Florin being the ship
ping center for all growers of strawberries
within a radius of twenty miles, a good
idea can here be gleaned as to the extent
of damage done. W. O. Davies, one of the
most extensive truit-growers in this sec
tion and manager of the Florin Fruit
growers' Association, says:
"The cold snap so far has effected us
little or not at all. With the aid of smoke
from smudges the frost has been banished
from our vineyards, and as to strawberries,
the only thing we now fear is a heavy rain,
which would do great damage to ripening
berries. Should the rain hold off we can
look forward to one of the most prosper
ous seasons we have had in years."
Large shipments of strawberries are
made daily to Portland and all the princi
pal cities throughout the Northwest, and
the present price is considerably above
that of the same time last season.
WASHIXGTOX FLAME-SWEPT.
Destructive Conflagration Viaita the Little
Mining Town.
NEVADA, Cat,., April 21.— The little
mining town of Washington, in this
MISS LILLIAN NEUMAN. QUEEN OF THE REDWOOD CITY CARNIVAL.
[From a photograph.]
county, was swept by a conflagration at 5
o'clock this morning. The roof of Worth
ley's hotel was discovered to be ablaze,
and before the flames could be checked
the hotel, a large two-story frame struc
ture, was destroyed with all its contents,
the occupants having barely time to dres>s
and escape from the building. The dwell
ing-houses of John Hogan and D. Stewart,
the barn of the Washington stage com
pany and a shoeshop were also destroyed.
By hard work the citizens managed with
the aid of buckets of water to extinguish
the fire and save the balance of the town.
The total loss is about $11,300. The insur
ance is very small.
JACK BRADY OF FOLSOM
The Ex-Outlaw Testifies at the
Trial of " Monte Cristo"
Harmens.
Describes in Detail the Yolo Train
Robbery and the Burial of
the Loot.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 21.— Bandit
"Jack" Brady was the attraction to-day at
the trial of J. P. Harmens, the latter-day
Monte Cristo who found the loot of the
Yolo train robbery and in one short year
squandered over $40,000. The man who ia
one night was transformed irom the her-
Mit of a gunnysack hut in the Yolo jungle
to a man of wealth, and who has since
posed as the eighth wonder of the world,
was for the time completely overshadowed.
When Brady was called, just after the
noon recess, he stepped jauntily up to the
witness chair. His hair was parted in the
middle ana the left lapel of his coat was
ornamented with a Marechal Niel rosebud
and a mammoth pansy blossom. His
pleasant countenance was made brighter
by a broad smile, as he replied to the
question as to his present residence:
"It is at Folsom, I believe."
Brady, whose real name is ■Williams,
told how Brown (Browning) and himself
concocted the Yolo train-robbery in San
Francisco, purchased a couple of Winches
ter rifles and came to Sacramento one
night in October, 1804, to rob the overland
exp ress; how they hid their rifles over in
Ynlo County, where they would be con
venient when wanted; how they held up
the track inspector and made him flae the
train. He related al! about the robbing of
the express-car. They put a few packages
filed with coin, aggregating about $1600,
into their pockets, and buried the four
sacks, containing over $51,000, in the
bushes, a mile west of Washington, intend
ing to return for it later on.
They went up the river beyond Wash
ington, cot a boat and crossed to this side
and walked into the city, while the i de
tectives and officers were" gathered at the
depot to lay out a plan of campaign to en
trap the bandits.
Brady's story was told with a frankness
that enlisted the closest attention The
purpose of his testimony in the Harmens
case is to show that the $51,000 stolen from
the express company was actually buried
in Yolo County and that it was this
money that Harmens found a day or two
afterward and buried for his own use.
Listextothe Pkudent Advice which urges
you to the Immediate treatment of that Raspinn
Cough by the use of Dr. D. Jayne's Expeetoraut
the best of medicines for Coughs and Colds, and
an approved stand-by for all Pulmonary troubles
and Throat ails.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
CARNIVAL QUEEN.
Miss Lillian Neuman to
Wear the Crown of
Flowers.
LIVELY CONTEST ENDED
Two Towns Combine and Give
Their Favorite a Heavy
Vote.
SHE IS A WOODSIDE LASS.
Second Honors Fall to Miss Henrietta
Lawler, a Menlo Park
Belle.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 2L— Miss
Lillian Neuman of Woodside will be Queen
of the Redwood City Rose Carnival. That
the choice is a popular one is attested by
the size of the vote she received— 3sß3.
MISS HENRIETTA LAWLER OF MENLO PAHK.
[From a photograph.]
Just before the polls closed in this city
this evening a large crowd gathered at the
polling place in the Odd Fellows' building.
It had become known that the Redwood
vote would be centered on Miss Neuman,
although there were nearly a dozen worthy
candidates. There was a delightful air of
uncertainty hanging over it all, as voting
was also being conducted at Menlo Park,
Belmont, San Mateo, Millbrae and South
San Francisco, and the ballots in each
place were held back until nearly the last
moment.
At 4-30 o'clock Miss Neuman had 600
votes at Redwood City, but just then the
courthouse contingent riled into the poll
ing place, and It began to rain gold and
silver.
It did not come by quarters and halves,
but gold was showered down by tens and
twenties. When the first pile was counted
it meant 550 votes for Miss Neuman, but
the clinking of coin never stopped until
the great bell on the High School tolled
out 5 o'clock, and within twenty minutes
over 1300 votes had been cast for Miss
Neuman, making 1912 votes for her at
Redwood City alone. She received 1671
votes at Woodside, making her total 3583
votes.
There were three other very popular
candidates—Miss Goggin of San Francisco,
Miss Henrietta Lawlor, who finished sec
ond, and Miss Nellia Hainmerson, both of
Menio Park. Each of these charming
young ladies received a most complimen
tary vote, and the only regret is that but
one queen could be elected out of the
whole number of worthy candidates. The
total vote cast was 6661.
iSTOT LEGALLY EXPELLED.
Nlcholam Josieh Still a Member of the
Austrian Benevolent Society.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 21.— The suit of
Nioholas Josieh against tne Austrian
Benevolent Society for reinstatement as a
member was decided by Judge Lorigan
this afternoon in favor of plaintiff. Josieh
was suspended for using obscene language
a * a meeting of the society.
The Austrian Benevolent Society is one
of the richest in the county, and a mem
bership in it is valuable, the court held
that Josieh had not been legally expelled
and ordered his reinstatement. The case
will be appealed.
-Veto Law School Opened.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 21.— Articles of
incorporation of the San Jose School of
Law and Eloquence were fiied in the
Clerk's office to-day. The object of the
corporation is to conduct an institution
in this city where instruction in the juris
prudence of law can be had, and to pro
mote the study of American statesman
ship and politics. The following are
named as directors: D. M. DeJmas, H. V.
Morehouse, Lawrence Archer, Francis E.
Spencer and William L. Gill, all of this
city.
Mining Company Incorporates.
SAN JO&E, Cal., April 21.— The Eliza
heth Town Gravel Mining Company filed
articles of incorporation to-day. The
object of the company is to work a gravel
mine in Plumas County. The capital
stock is |100,000, most of which has been
subscribed. Georee W. Hanson, F. H.
Smith, G. H. Salisbury, P. Lanz and J. C.
Hayes are named as directors.
SAVES FOUR FROM DEATH
A Seaman of the Cutter Perry
Rescues the Crew of a
Capsized Boat.
Swims to Their Aid With a Lifeline
Through a Heavy Sea— A
Boatswain Drowned.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 21.—
The cutter Commodore Perry arrived here
this afternoon from San Francisco, and
Captain Smith reports one of the roughest
voyages he ever experienced, with terrible
head winds and high seas all the way from
the Golden Gate. On Saturday morning
the cutter had the misfortune to lose a
man overboard, the unfortunate person
being Boatswain Alfred Halfeli, a native
of Switzerland, who had been with the
cutter two years, and was one of the best
officers in the service.
Halfeli was attending to routine duties
at 7 o'clock, with rubber boots and storm
clothes en. A terrible sea was running,
and ho was suddenly swept overboard by
a big wave. His heavy clothes carried
him down. The ship's boat was soon over,
manned by Gunner Johnson tnd Seamen
Thorpp, Jacobsen and Dykes. More tnan
an hour was spent in searching for the
boatswain, out the body was not seen
after he first struck the water.
When the ship's boat attempted to re
turn to the cutter it was impossible to do
so because of the terrible sea running,
and finally the boat was capsized when
attempting to round to the cutter. The
four occupants were sent headlong into
the sea, and as it was impossible to lower
another boat for them it seemed certain
that they would perish .in the chilling
waters.
Just as the hope of saving them was
about to be abandoned by Captain Smith,
a young man named C. C. Moulthropp, an
ordinary seaman, quickly threw off his
coat and boots, seized a line, jumped OTer
board and swam toward tiie drowning
men. His efforts are described by the
officers of the cutter as almost superhuman,
aud within a few minutes he had a line
around the bodies of all four men. The
officers of the ship were almost dazed by
the marvelous work of Moulthropp, but
gave orders to haul in the line.
Soon all five were on deck, the four cap
sized men being insensible when taken
j below. The action of the four men who
I manned the boat and searched for Boats
wain Halfcli In the terrible storm was
brave, but it was entirely overshadowed
by the daring of Moulthropp, who has
been recommended by Captain Smith to
the Life Saving Board as worthy of a medal
for heroism.
Seattle's Torpedo- Boat Builders.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 21.— The Mo
rans, who have the contract for building
one of the Government's torpedo-boats,
were notified to-day that the second car
load of plates to be used in their construc
tion had been shipped from the East. The
ribs are all bent, the machinery in and
good progress generally is being made on
the war craft, which will be completed in
advance of the time specified in the con
tract.
Stole From a JLos Angeles Store.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 21.—Detec
tive Auble to-day arrested J. L. Lewith,
head of the dress department at the Peo
ple's Store, on the charge of felony
embezzlement. Lewith, who is a married
man with two children, has for some time
been removing aress goods and silks from
the store and conveying them to his
home, where they were found concealed
in a trunk. The value of the recovered
plunder will exceed $500.
OFFENDS SANTA
CRUZ WOMEN
Tart Comments on Joaquin
Miller's Pacific Grove
Lecture.
ARE DEEPLY CHAGRINED
They Had Expected the Poet of
the Sierras to Assail
King Alcohol.
HE TOOK AN OPPOSITE VIEW.
Boldly Proclaimed That Eh Drank
Wine and That the Tra'fic Could
Not Be Checked.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 21.— The
sentiment of dissatisfaction with Joaqnin
Miller's lecture, delivered before the Tri-
County Woman's Christian Temperance
Union Convention, held at Pacific Grove
last week, and which was given in full in
the last Sunday Call, has been very pro
nounced by the ladies of the Santa Cruz
Union, who returned from the convention
to-day. They say they voice the feeling of
the whole convention in their declaration
that the poet of the Sierras is not in sym
pathy with the work as conducted by the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union.
They believe he expressed his honest con
victions upon the subject of temperance,
but that his expression was not such as a
Christian organization can indorse. So
they received from him not that encour
agement in their work that they had
hoped for, but rather a discouragement,
since he presented a theory that has for its
foundation a creedless Christianity. There
was a feeling of unrest and dissatisfaction
prevalent during the delivery of the lec
ture that grew to almost an outburst of
objection, which was held in check only by
the firm action of the president, Mre. Ed
ward Griswold Greene.
It was through Mrs. Greene's action as
president of unions of the the three counties
represented in the convention— Santa Cruz,
Monterey and San Benito— that the lec
turer was engaged, and she evinced a de
sire to-day in speaking of the matter to
impress the fact that Joaquin Miller did
not by any means voice the sentiments of
the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union. Speaking for herself as well as for
the tri-county union she said:
If .Toaquin Miller had given us simply an ap
propriate lecture upon any topic of interest to
women, without reference to temperance, it
would have been far more acceptable. If he
were not in full accord with our plan of tem
perance work he could have said so and de
clined to talk on the subject. I have no doubt
there are many methods of temperance work
that are effective. But we are working on
Christian lines and we crave all the encour
agement we can get from all Christian sources.
If Joaquin Miller had been talking for the
benefit of the liquor traffic his lecture would
have Htted the idea very nicely. I cannot think
he felt that way about it, however, for he
seemed to be sincere in his utterances and to
believe that the "Lion in the Path" is the
one he described.
But we do not believe his way, and his lec
ture was wholly inappropriate and entirely
out of place before an assemblage of Christian
temperance women. He put the proposition
on a commercial basis, presenting the idea taut
money controls the traffic, and the inference
gained from his expression is that we cannot
accomplish our object through the methods we
employ of appealing to men's souls. We be
lieve that man must be saved from drink by
the power of Christianity. Mr. Miller evi
dently does not agree with us.
He referred alt>o to subjects, or incidents in
his lecture which were unpleasant to women.
We are aware of tne sad deficiency of some of
our idols, but we do not assemble in conven
tion to talk of them nor to be talked to about
them.
We were at Pacific Grove for the purpose of
furthering the work of temperance on the
lines we have laid down. It might nave been
a pleasant relief from the labors of the conven
tion to listen to a lecture upon a literary topic
or upon some of the accomplishments of
women beyond or without the subject of tem
perance, but the mnn or woman who comes
before us to give us recreation or encourage us
in our work should et least speak in accord
with the principles we believe in and main
tain.
I was so much impressed with a lecture that
Joaquin Miller delivered to the school chil
dren of Santa Cruz some time ago that I was
greatly impressed with the idea that he wouid
be just the man to lend us a helping hand in
our temperance work. But I am very much
disappointed in the result of his visit to Pa
cific Grove, and that was the sentiment of the
entire convention.
Other Santa Cruz delegates expressed
about the same opinion of the lecture as
voiced by Mrs. Greene, two of whom pre
sented very positive and original ideas of
the man who pointed out the "Lion in the
Path." Miss Sophie Shirley, the reporter
BELTS Jlake your own choice.
npi TQ . You can do. so at Joy's.
5 Si iS Fully ten of the chief man-
BELTS . ufacturersof Electric Belts,
BELTS includin 8 the French, Ger-
nrt TQ man an( * Spanish, sell us
DC" I "T"O belts regularly. We have
BELTS belts for men and belts for
BELTS women - We have belts
npi TQ that are guaranteed to cure
DC" I -TO Seminal Weakness or the
BELTS manufacturer returns the
BELTS moneT '> an we have belts
npi TQ or Rheumatism and
j", , I <^ chronic -complaints. We
BELTS give you the manufac-
BELTS turer ' s written agreement
nri TQ when you call. Select for
DCL- 1 O yourself.
If your doctor prescribes JQV'Q
some drug not frequently i/->-wjo
used bring the prescription JUY O
to Joy's and you will be sura JOY'S
to have it . filled properly. inV'C
Our storerooms ; are the *i J/,^
largest in the City and we JOY
keep all drugs obtainable in JOY'S
the world's market. Just re- |nV'Q
member "what you get at ; |Vxw»o
Joy's is good." ' JOY J S
— JOY'S
JOY'S JOY'S
BALDWIN PHIRMACYv joy!
kililmH rHAIMIAIi, JOY'S
Under Baldwin Hotel, V' IOVC
Powell and Market Sts. ifW'Q
SEND MAIL ORDERS. JOY'S
for the convention, stated her views in
this positive fashion :
Joaquin Miller presented a lion that must be
conquered by underhanded and unfair means.
We are not seeking our ends by any manner of
unfairness. We are .openly opposed to the
liquor traffic and propose to accomplish the
death of this lion of intemperance In a brave,
open fight on the lines of battle proposed by
our organization. Mr. Miller showed us the
lions and then gave us to understand tnat we
couldn't beat them even by the methods he
proposed. We gained nothing by listening to
him. The money paid him for an hour's talk,
was simply thrown away.
The feeling of dissatisfaction was apparent
in the very restlessness of the audience. Be
sides being an inappropriate lecture for the
occasion, it was, from a literary poiut of view,
uninteresting. He rambled around a good
deal and talked In a disconnected way that was
unpleasant to listen to. His delivery was ex
ceedingly unhappy. The fact is that Joaquin
Miller is not an orator or a leciurer.
It is simply painful to listen to him and dis
agreeable to look at him. He looked as though
he had just come out of the mines and made
one big jump from the days of '49 to 1896 and
landed in that convention as though he had
just dressed himself hastily and neglected to
draw his trousers down over his boots. It may
be very picturesque, thnt attire of Joaquin
Miller's, but it was very unbecoming; and the
man himself was entirely out of place lectur
ing to women on the subject of temperance.
Mra. S. C. Brown is a quiet little woman,
who is an earnest worker in. the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union and who has
sorEe very positive notions about the
drinking habit. She believes in teetotalism
or nothing. In referring to Joaquin Mil
ler's lecture she was mild of voice, but
very firm in her opinion, saying:
Joaquin Miller told us that he drank wine —
that he had it on his table every day. He
might have stopped at that statement. We had
no desire to hear him further. That is the way
he introduced himself to us, and he showed
plainly that he is not the tind of man to lec
ture on temperance to a Christian people.
His kind of temperance is not the kind the
Bible teaches, and we are following the Bible
idea. I could see by the expressions of the
faces of the women who heard him that (hey
were all as thoroughly displeased as I. They
had no need to express their dissatisfaction in
words— their faces told the fact plain enough.
I care nothing about the man's appearance.
It was his words that displeased me. If he
drinks wine he had no business talking to us
of temperance. We are not a wine-drinking
temperance union.
There Is in these interviews the sum
and substance of the estimation in which
Joaquin Miller, as a temperance lecturer,
is held by the Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union of Santa Cruz.
Orand Army Encampment-
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 21.—Depart
ment Commander Wilson and staff and
thirty delegates to the G. A. R. encamp
ment arrived to-night over the broad
gauge and are quartered at the Pacific
Ocean House.
The Woman's Relief Corp3 and' Ladies'
Circle, G. A. R., are represented by more
than 100 delegates already arrived. Four
teen corps and nineteen circles are so far
represented. The remainder of the dele
gates to all three bodies will arrive to
morrow, when the actual work of the en
campment begins.
The delegates were met at the depot by the
Banta Cruz city brass band and the recep
tion committees of the three local (organi
zations. Business houses are decorated
in patriotic colors and the city is open to
the visitors.
The weather has been alternately cloudy
and sun -iy all day and a light fain fell
early this morning. The indications now
are that to-morrow will be clear.
NEW TO.PAT:
f^%~*^ • Consumption
S^-^<} ' . kills more people
Q^^BJp^ than rifle balls. It
is more deadly
Issilwl than any of the
viam^liii£n "-'' much dreaded epi-
i^^l^.^,^^^ Fully
<^^V5^S% SI one * th ' of ?"'
yAl^£S?}p£gla'7/ t k e deaths in
■ J3f. /jj^C f&l/ America are caus-
\jjj2l jw^fir|r ed by consump-
%vifkao % on> *t s a stea l-
-1 uUl&^"^ v^ IV tliy ' S raclual > slow
Xilw <uvlb\ rra/r^^ sease " pene-
}mijo/iil'i \Wf/ the whole
\v^f// JM W body. 1 1 is in
**|pJM« IJpjjpyßr blood. It seems to
work only at the
lungs, but the terrible drain and waste
go on all over the body. The only way
to get rid of consumption is to work on
the blood, make it pure, rich and whole-
some, build up the wasting tissues, put
the body into condition for a fight with
the dread disease. The cure of consump-
tion is a fight — a fight between sound
tissues and the encroaching germs of
disease.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
fights on the right side. It drives the
germs back, forces them out of the body.
It will cure 98 per cent, of all cases of con-
sumption if it is taken during the early
stages of the ' disease. Its first action
is to put the stomach, bowels, liver and
kidneys into good working order. That
makes digestion good and assimilation
quick and thorough. It makes sound
healthy flesh. That is half the battle.
That makes the "Discovery" good for
those who have not consumption, but
who are lighter and less robust than
they ought to be.
A large book of 160 pages, telling all
about this wonderful medicine, will be
mailed free on receipt of this notice and
6 cents to cover postage by World's
Dispensary Medical Association, No.
663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y.
CAUTION.— Buy of reliable deal-
ers. With any others, something else
that pays them better will probably be
urged as "just as good."
Atlantic *^§§||iV
Trains leave from and arrive *Srs^»T£KvBßr
at Market-Street err/. 2^
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via ,A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist , Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars lor
Denver and St. Louis. .
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
■uder Harvey management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. k. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the Kaat.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dialnjr
can. ■■' : •■ •• .•■:• " ■ ■ ■■ ■.■ , ■-- ■..■•:-..
Ticket Office- 644 Market Street,
Chrmiiqlw £iilldiu£«
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry). >
«om San Francisco, Commencing Marcb 29, 1896.
»^ ««, ;; „ ■■ WEEKDAYS.
• *q T? 1 Vt V fl le3r * ud Bmn Rafael -700, »Boo
l 9 i\ b 10:16 » 11:45. a. *.: 1:16, »fit, 4:13,
6:15. *o:0u. .i:3sp. *. :y\ * - . . . .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne*
. days and Saturdays at 1 1 :30 p. v. /
_ n^m 1 lY'i I ,?^ and 8 » a Rafael-*S :00. »9 :00,
*^n ,m X* 1 }* 7 and a » n Rafael-** :00, »9:00,
6-Ho «.ls : fl J^ "-;•*":** •! =30, «:lfti *4:00,
li-00 45 ' 8: ° p -m. Extra trip to Sauialttoat
11 :00 a. it.
Trains marked «,• run to San Qnertin. ••12i80
F. m. does not run to Mill Valley, j
1 .iK , ■■■'■■' J THROUGH TRAINS.
a'n?\ weekdays— Cazadero and <ray station*
S IV.X *: *• 2 unt - Caz *' Jero and way stations.
*>.UO a. m. bundayu-Polm Rejes ana way station*
The Fountain of Life
Dlraaess of .-ftV.^t i^TDfiTTf IDO
visiou, spots I' I1 1 CIRtILAKS
before the fl 'I iI Mi
eyes, loss of- ' - nlkj I if\/»- ■ • nT?
restless*' 1 iff\\\\\i WM<\ IllinUftll
ness, ail ft 'I' "11 HlllillN
give way m,| ||\l llUUltlll
rest, to // j Wll k HUH ___
strength, 1 1. [j| 'l 1 jl| I '\\\\\\v* LUCC
when 11 . 1 « 1 uLli
@u7i!HHiiinniiiiin lii»n..»-1 ii»n..»-- i.i«.«S«Ss^™B!«
GREAT HUDYAN
Hudyan stops the premature condition of th%
body. Hudyan cures certain cases of lost man-
hood. Hudyan cures nervous debility, nervous-
ness, emissions.
49" Circulars and Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
BIG REDUCTION IN RATES BY RAIL
' ....T0....
r»on.TijA.]xrr». OR.
THURSDAY APRIL 23,
And Kvftry Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
■ , • ■ ■ of Market st., at Bp. m.
0T A A— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
UuiUU Ist Sleeper.
' ....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including: berth In Q*~\ A. Of)
Pullman Standard Sleeper. €DJ-U .
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points. '
glt&f Through Ticket* for Pn^et Sound
I*olll l* on Sale nt Reduced Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY. T. 11. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
soi TMi:n.\ i'ACIFIC COMPASI.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trnln« lenro nml me fine to arrive at
« HAN I'UASt'IM'«. *
leave — From March 28, 1896. — Aitnm
7i«Oa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden and Kast.. Btlsp
7:OOA Benicia, Vacatille. Rnmsey, Sacra-
mento, and Redding -via Davis.... 7:13p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls- "
toga and Santa Rosa BJlOp
.SiaOANiles, Han Jo»o, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvillo, Red Bluff ■
.■.;- aud Sunday* exceptcdOrofUle.... * l « **
»8: 3Oa Peters and Milton 7:15p
9:00 a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los ADgeles .!*??*
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton *£ : ,'' A
9:OOAVaUejO 2 : l-
-liOOp Nlles, San Joeo and Livermore ti:l>\
•l:OOr Sacramento l;iver Steamers *O:OOp
t l:30p Port Costa and Way Stations , t . :13r
4:00p Martinez, Kan lUnion, Vallejo,
Napa, CalUtoga, D Verauo and
Hsmtaßoia »«13*
4:00f Benicia, Esparto, Wood ml
Knights Landing, MarysviUe
Orovillo and Sacramento XO:l3a-
-4:30p Nilcs, San Jose, Liveraore and
Stockton 7sI»F
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for ,
Yoeemite) and Fresno 11*41*
SiOOp New Orleans j:xpree3 t FieBiio.Bakers-
Cold, Santa Barbara. l.os Angeles. V
' ■- >-v " Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and ,
East 10«ia*
5:OOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojuve and East ]O:I.1a
5 jOOp Vallejo ;.. 11:43*
. I 6tOOr Ronpoau Mail, Ogdcn and I' 15t.... 9:43 a
'<S:UOi. lt>iytv.'Li<l.H. Nlltsaud Han J05e. . . . . . 7:4.5 a
]7:o«i' Va11ej0..... f7:45p
7>OUi' Orrgou Impress, Sacramento, Marjtt-
. ■": . . v:!le. Redding, Portland, Pugct ,
Sound and Bart 10:4.1 a
*;io:osp "Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and Eart.. -.......•....•■: H»»4ap
SAN i'A (HI/ IHVINION (Narrow UaugC).
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excurtion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations tB:o3p.
8:1 f»A Newark, Cßntcrvilli>,Saii.lose,Feltou,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3i3«k
• 2: 13 p Newark, Centerville, .San Joeo, New
Alniadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations... •11:20 a]
4:15p Newark San Jojhi and I.ob (!atos.... 9:50\-
COAST lU VISION (Third X loitiiscihl Ms.) '
U:43ASau Jose ami Way Statioua (New
Almadcu Wednesdays only) I*4s*.
Bil3ASau Josu, Tres linos. Kuuta Cruz, -
■; : »r, Pacific Gram Paso Robles, Baa . .
Luis Ohispo, Guadalnpu aud Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03 p
I 0: lO a Ran .lone aud Way Stations IS.-nop
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•Hia«»i- San Jose, Gilroy, Trcs Piuo*. f ta
Cruz, Monterey and Pacflio
Grove *10:10 a
•:i::top San Jose and Principal Way Stations U:47a
*4:SOr San Joso uu.l Way Stations *8:0Ca
3:30p Kan J<mo and Way Stations m H-4f*K
O::tOi>San Josoaud WayStatious Mil
t11:43r San Jcso Wcv Stations.... t~:4.~>^
SAX IitA.NDKO AMI ll\VW\l:l>> i.'JI'AL.
tMi:<K>A~l ( 7-1 3 A
H:0«A , (9:13-V
iS!2Sa Molrose, Seminary Park, Yi^\
'"-SSp Fitchburg, San »*:.}gj
Hoc? | %ni . *UxA
4:OOp f S-.l.'iti
Mil Havwards. C:i:<f
5:30p ua>waras. 7543F
7:(»0p ' 8:41P
Sloop » Rons through to Nlles. j io!oop
ttll:lspj 'From Mies. tH«;OQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom SAN PRiHCISCO— Foot of Mirlcet Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl=oo "2:00 t3:00l
•4:00 tC:OO •6:00l-.M. .
FromOilUKß— Foot of Bro»dw»y. — *C:00 8:00
10:004.11. U2:00 •1:00 J2:CD *3:C5 tt:Oa
"3:OQr.M. ' ■ " - ■
A for Morning. V for Afternoon. ,
* Sundays cxc«i>ted. ■• Saturdays only*
\ t Sundays only. % Tuesdays only. ,«.
♦ > Mond»T. Thursday BTid F^»ur^lay nights only. -"
SASFRARCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7-.30, 8:00, 11:00 a.m.- 13:33.
8:30, 6:10, 8:30 P. v. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— E.\ira trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. it
! 6 Foo Y 6^o 7 3( 9:30 ' 11:0 ° au - : 1:S0> * 13 *
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYB-fl:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it 1
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trln*
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. it **
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9 :at, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00,6:25 p.m. *
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park: tarn*
schedule as above.
"I ■Leave In effect Arrive "*
San Francisco. A °," 2. Ban Franctsco.
Wkkk I Sun- i^anai'lon StTN - I Wkik*
Pats. | pays. "e»"natlon. DAYg |
7:Soam 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30pm9:30am Petaluma, 6:06 pm 10-10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 fm j Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm , 0:15 pm
Fulton, ■ — — — — .
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 AM
Healdsburg, WA "
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 7:30 am i Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 rU
Pleta, ~ ' "~ '
_ „„ „ Hopland <fc
7:30 am 7:30 am TJkiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 p*
7:30 am I . . Yh-in »J
S-toPMJ 7:3 ° AM ! GUernevUle - 7:80 1010A11
IIW ™ -•-■!■■■■-■■■• , 6:15 PM
6-10PvvnniU Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6.10 | 5.00 PM^anc,^ 6:05 pm 6:15
SIS PMl 7 5;gg SSI «*ba^TjTO:4OAM 10:10 AM
Biases connect at Clovetdale for tn7oev»er»T '
wood mS . J Jm UppPr Lllke - BoonevilliToreeo.
C^hfo Wilier oS Uy - Fort Er *^- Vaai ' Westport,
DavY nvrt"? 1 SS 11 ** 1111 ? fomo, Potter Valley, Joan
S8l:u«JI l3rß> Gravell y Valley, Harris, Scotia
rate^ Urdaj tO Mond *y ronnd-trip tickets at reduced
ro°nd ffiSMSffl^ 1 ' to * *°*« «*
H ? ft C^t'^° MarketBt - Chronicle buildlnft
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass.HAS LEFT HIS
DEBTS BEHIND
A Warrant Is Issued for
the Arrest of A.
Casassa.
DEFAULTING COLLECTOR
He Has Been Robbing the Ital
ian Mutual Benevolent
Society.
WAS TREATED WITH LENIENCY
Detectives Are Now Searching for
Him at Santa Rosa— Made Many
Promises.
A. Casassa, collector of the Italian Mu
tual Benevolent Society, has fled, leaving a
dafalcation of $380343 behind lam. A
warrant is out for Casassa's arrest and,
aided by detectives, the authorities are
searching for him, particularly in the
neighborhood of Rosa, where he is
supposed to be hiding.
Aa slated ten days ago in The Call, the
affairs of the Italian Mutual Benevolent
Society (Societa Italiana di Mutua Bene
ficenza) have been in a tangle for some
time pa;*t.
It was early this year that Fiorenzo
Cavagnaro, the treasurer of the society,
discovered that Casas3a had collected
over $3000 more than he had deposited in
the treasury or had credited the society
with in its books. The treasurer demanded
an auditing committee when he made
this discovery and G. L. Peri and L. di
tirazia were appointed by the council to
serve with F. Cavagnaro on the commit
tee.
The result of the investigation pioved
that tue treasurer had underestimated the
amount of Cu:sa-.<a's defalcation, for he
was found to be indebted to the society
for $553 49 collected last year, and for at
least $3249 collected this year. These
figures were obtained ironi the little books
01 the subscribers, as the amounts paid
were not entered in the books of the so
ciety, therefore the figures may possibly
be lower than the actual amount of the
defalcation, but it is certain that Casassa
has collected at least $3803, for which he
has not accounted.
On the 9th of last March when the coun
cil of the Italian Mutual Benevolent So
ciety met Casassa was present to hear the
report of the auditing committee. He did
not attempt to conceal his indebtedness,
but be-rged for time in which to pay back
the sums he had collected. Two "weeks
were given him, but at the expiration of
that time he had paid nothing and the
council gave him a longer period in which
to refund the money.
Some members of the colony are speak
ing in very severe terms of what they call
the culpable indulgence of the officers of
the Italian Mutual Benevolent Society
•THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring neeting. Pifth day, Tuesday, April 21, 1896. Weather
snowcrj ■ i rucK ltiir.
1051 >IRST ItAtJE - t- our furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; allowances; purse $300.
1U34 i' OS urn , 103 1 2h 21/ 2 lh Martin 1 7-6
V.vi a !'; a iallla 103 7 B2 33 22 I Peoples 50 40
2«? !e lkln^v<;,7 109 3 33 12 38 ' Snider..... 15 12
9XI sweet William. ..lo6 5 6 i/ 2 4 4h i Piggott 10 is
1028 Plnkßoy 101 9 ................ Ixl % 5 £ cochran* 10 «
813 Lord Cl,esierfleld.io« 4..:... 4 £ 5 .« Vi SUughter' ' ' " 10 10
1014 Senator .Morgan.. 106 6 93* 8 7 4 IteSn. Z5O 60
• ■'* Oaodla 1 98 11 11 9 * 3 Valencia '60 100
995 EmeltsS 109 2 lh 7 9 2 [.Shields .:::::::! 3 62
•••qoq- s , ha .™ n Lass 103 , 8 10 10 106 [Sullivan 60 80
929 Jerildeno.. . 98 12 ........ 83 11 1110 Butler .130 30
-Mi^a Giencola....lO6 10 12 12 12 [Rowan .....\m 40
Time lai so" c 6ate used. Won driving. Winner, Martin & McConnell's eh. f., by Sobrante-Xellie K.
Imlrx.
Imlrx. Horse, weight. St.
1031 Lost Girl 303 1
1084 Santa Paula 108 7
10(i8 Vikiiiir 109 8
9KI Sweet William... 106 5
1028 Pink Bny- 101 9
813 LordthesUTti.-ld.lUti 4
1014 senator Morgan 106 6
164 Claudia 1..... 9H 11
995 Eni(-]i:iS 109 2
Sharon Lass 103 8
929 Jerilderio 98 12
'Miss Glencola 106 10
V 4
%'
2h
52
33
6 V 2
7 i/ 3
11
lh
10
8 3
12
2 1/2
33
1 2
4
6
5
8
9
7
10
11
12
Fin. I
1
1 h
22 I
38 :
4 h ;
5 b :
«% i
74 I
83
9 2
10 0 ;
11 10
12
Martin
(Peoples
! Smder.
! Piggott
Cochran
CL Slaughter....
Bozeman j
Valencia
[Shields
jSullivan I
Butler I
I Rowan j
Jockeys.
I
.........
.......:
I !
]il X O aROOH D R ACE-Five and a
X\JO6.. purse $350.
; penalties;
Index, j Horse, age, weight. cSU
1039 Marjorie, 3 92 I
1032 Catch Km, 5 103 4
1035 O'Fleeta.4 106 2
1025' Decision. 3 89 9
770 [Key Alt*, 4 103 7
1026 Huntsman, 5 103 8
(285) Nervoso, 4 100 3
957 Linville. a 103 6
1013 ICanvasback, 3.... 88 10
1030 Leila S. a 101 5
V* 44
11 1 14
4h 6b
3^ 9h
6h 3b
by, 4h
10 10
21 2 1
8 4 Oh
93 7 2
7 Vl 8%
Str.
1 1
5 2
I?
io 3 *
fl %
',9 :■-':.
8
15
2 2
Sh
4 4
6h
6 1 %
8 4 !
85
10
C. Slaughter
R. Narvaez
M. Bergen
Butler
iAmes
Martin
W. Flynn
Bozeman
O'Brien
Cochran
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
1 11-10
12 10
3 5 30
6 30
20 20
10 16
4 8
10 16
100 60
15 16
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, F. Phillips' b. f., by Iroquois- Tarantula.
Time, 1:0814.
1 o^o. THIRD RACE— One and a slxtenth miles; selling; three-year-olds
X\JOO. allowances; purse *350.
Index.
I Horse, age, weight. :
i St -
Betting.
Op. &
1037 ■ Tar and Tartar, a. 104;
104G Hermanita, 4... 101 i
(992) Nephew, 5 107 1
1019 Meadow Lark, 4..103 1
1012 Hazard, 3 94
1035 Seaside, 5 102 1
10i!6 Hy Dy, a 104'
1040 Road Runner, 5.. 107
1018 Monita, 5 . 112
1037 Trix.6.;.. . 99
1014 Fred Gardner. 5.. 107
! 6
j 4
1
I \
7
3
2
8
11
5
I 9
I 10
3h
2 1
8h
6 1
Hi
4 h
10 2
72
1?*
9 y,
3h
1 h
7 1/8
6V2
2 li
8 4
10 6
3*
11 2
9 10
31
214
5h
4 h
lh
83
10
6h
72
11
23
12
5
3%
43
8
9
6
7
11
10
IS*
2h
3h
42
53
6 3
7 10
81
91
10
11
Bozpman
Martin
M. Bergen
Butler.
Piggott.
Snider
Sullivan
McClain
Shields
Cocbran
W. Flynn
«
10
3
20
4
20
30
8
J
16
3
6
10
10
8
40
13-5
40
100
12
25
4
15
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, A. O. Morris* br. g..
1:
1054 K LRT " RACE-Extreme short
S\J*J^t. riders; purse $500.
Index. Horse, weight. St. ■ Ist Jp. j
(979) Brandy ...160 ~T 13
979 LI Hung Chang... 170 5 I 4 2
858 Galloping Dick. ..165 6! 6
979 Aladdin 162 3 54
, Tristan 60 2 I 2h
979 I Barbara 155 1 4j 32
2d Jp.
16
5 h
6 VS
I?
4th Jp.
1 8
3 1
24
4 10
6
56
116
36
23
4 20
6
5»
120
28
36
4 16
5 10
6
Mr. Bagot
Mr. Neave
Mr. McCreary ..
j Mr. Tobin
Macs
I Mr. Benson
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
3-5 4-6
3 6-2
5-2 3
* *
6 15
10 16
a:1 «ood start won easily. Winner, W. & Hobarf. b. g. •Coupled with Galloping Dick. Time,
1055. F Ja H nce 5 t C P urle°«s a 0 " «* hth ™'*>°™ *»« hurdle,;
iBdPX Horse, age, weight.
83U| std. 11/ jy» %
5 5U 3V 2 2J^ 22
I 2 i/ a 1 4 S 1 3 ! 15
3 3^! 4 5 3Vi 34
1 6^, 514 5 4 I 5h
« 4 2 64 6% 96
8,8 9V 2 9482
10 ill 83 8 6 7 2
1 9 10 71/2 7V 2 .6 h
4 1% 21* 46 j 44
11 I 9 10 10 5 10 10
13 13 12. 12 li
12 112 11 11 12
7 7 ••
1033 Comrade, 5. ......142
103t Artemus, 4. ......132
1033 Ike L, 4. .....335
1018 Nellie G, a. 133
1038 Ravine, 6.... 142
1026 W. L. Miunson.a.l42
1023 Templemore. a... 14.'
1042 Arandel, 5 ...... .138
942 Hal Fisher, a 145
1035 .Tim Corbet*, 6... 142
1042 I.oc.'iinvar. 6.. 1421
987 our Dick, a. 142
1038 M Sweetheart, 4.130
1 3
21
! 4 15
I 52
8 20
93
10 10
11 50
12
Swift..
T. Murphy.........
1 Ambrose....
1 W. Clancy
Stewart
Peters
80yd.. .............
1 Cuddy.. ..,
Knsbury ......
1 Freeman
1 Rudolph
M. Bagot
Deming.. "'
12
20
4
8-5
30
6
•
2
20
50
20
100
60
8
12
8
2
100
12
f *
6-2
50
150
' 30
300
50
I ...... i
starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, J. J. Roger's eh c hv Trmm oh.k i^
:0«. *Coupled with Nellie G. *• Fell at first jump. ' en - «•• by Tyrant-Blithesome. Time,
056. SIXTH
1:
lrnirx.
HorM, weight.
Bettinc
Op. CI.
(1038) Faros....; . 112
*63 (Treachery 107 i
1035 ns'.icutor 112
1036 Mirambo..... 112
■895 Kdgemount lia
. 923 Vlrgie a 107
1039 CarUwell.. .. 112
3
i 6
5
i ?
7
2
1
4
8%
62
4 h
2 -i
l¥*
5 Vi
\%
1 b
4b
31
4 1
5 1
65
1 h
12
2 1
6 1
6 3
7
14
IV
4 15
63
6 10
7
W. Carrol!
Macklln.....
W. Flynn...
Shields.....
C0c1iran.........
Bozeman..... .
I Martin...........
3 ■
2
2
4
15
20
8
3
11-6
3
13-2
6
50
30
:30^ rting ** Bte " Sed " WOU eaBl »y- Winner, J. Carroll's gr. c, by imp. Keane-Oray Sail. Time,
n'^7 SKVt NTH RA.CE-Flve and a
\J*J I . purse <350.
three-year-olds and up; penalties;
Index. Horse, age, weight. St." 14*
(086) Summertime, 3...- 95 ' 2 ~~ "■""
1032 L«venaC, 6.......104 1 -*-"
1088 All Over, .. 112 7
639. NicNac, 3... 86 3
.1043 Knenemp, 4. 10:: 4 "" *"""
10-10 Sea spray, 4. . 103 6 •"•""
(1044) Heartsease, 3 86 8
I (95 .,) Las: Chance, 5 103 a '.'..'.'.'.'..
23
31
7h
8:
I?
11
41
73
61
2 if
6 1
32
8
1 3
32
5 8
4 1
att
63
;8, ■•
str.
1 3
2 h
i#
6 10
66
72
8
jPlggOtt :...;....
Cochran ........
Shields
C. slaughter
W. Flynn
8n1dPr.V... •;...;.
Frawley ;..;....
H. Martin ......
2
8
3
6
6
15
6.
10
2
7
7
5
7-2
30
10
30
1 ,
used.
Won easily.
Winner, £1 Primero stables' b. 1, by
toward the collector. The officers plead in
extenuation, however, that they were in
hopes that ii Casassa were given time he
•wouid compromise, and that if he were
arrested all hopes of obtaining any money
from him would be gone.
About ten days ago the defaulting
collector disappeared, but no steps were
taken to locate him. On the 14th inst. a
letter was received from him, written at
Santa Rosa.
He stated that he was examining his
own books and was intending from day to
day to return to this City. Since then
nothing has been heard from him, but it is
expected that he will soon be found, as F.
Cavagnaro has sworn out a warrant for his
arrest and detectives have been sent to
Santa Rosa to try to discover his where
abouts.
The society will be the loser to the ex
tent of about $3000 by Casassa's defalca
tion, as his bondsmen, Cav. Calegaris and
G. Cuneo, are only liable to the amount of
$500 each.
The Societa Italiana di Mutua Benefi
cenza is the leading Italian society in the
City, and includes some of the richest men
in the colony in its ranks.
BAYLY PERJURY CASE.
The Charge Against the Sutter-Streel
Druggist Dismissed by Judge
Low.
The preliminary examination of Charles
A. Bayly, druggist, Sutter street and Grant
avenue, on the charge of perjury, was con
cluded before Judge Low late yesterday
afternoon.
Bayly waa tried before a jury in Judge
Campbell's court for selling morphine to
Mrs. Mary McConnell without a physi
cian's prescription. Mrs. McConnell and
her friend, Mrs. Parker, testified to pur
chasing 10 cents' worth of morphine with
out producing or being asked for a pre
scription. Bayly produced a prescription,
signed "Morrison, M.D.," which he swore
was handed to him by Mrs. McConnell.
His son corroborated him.
The jury convicted Bayly, and Mrs. Mc-
Connell swore out a warrant for his arrest
for perjury in swearing that she gave him
a prescription.
Mrs. McConnell and Mrs. Parker again
testified yesterday that Bayly sold the
morphine without a prescription and
Bayly and his son testified to the con
trary, and the Judge dismissed the case.
Mrs. McConnell said that she would
bring the matter before the Grand Jury.
REVOLVER AND LONG ODDS.
S. H. Hack Bobbed by Two Men in His
Crap Game.
George Herrin and John Bowers were
arrested on Geary street last night by De
tectives Cody and Whittaker and detained
at the City Prison on the charge of rob
bery.
Saturday night about 11:30 o'clock S. H.
Hack started a crap game at 17 Grant
avenue. He had been there about ten or
fifteen minutes when a tall and a short
man entered. They played for rive min
utes, when the tall man, who was Herrin,
said, "We can't do any winning except by
big odds, so we'll play our odds this way,"
and he pulled out a revolver and presented
it at Hack.
Bowers took possession of the $70 and
searched Hack's pockets, finding $80 in
greenbacks, making $150 altogether. Then
the two men ran out of the place.
Herrin used to keep a cigar-store on
Grant avenue and was a well-known dog
fancier. Bowers is a horseshoer by trade.
Hack thinks there must have been a third
man in the scheme, owing io the fact that
they knew he had the greenbacks in his
pocket.
Robert Wallace, M. P., will preside at
the first annual gathering of the Fife As
sociation in London, which has been re
cently founded, and of which the member
for East Edinburgh is the first president.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
MR. BAGOT WOK AGAIN.
Astride the Pony Brandy, the
Steeplechase Proved a
Gift.
FOUR FAVORITES IN THE LEAD.
Santa Paula, a ioo to i Shot, Beaten
Out a Head— Tar and Tartar
First at io to i.
When the warm April showers began
falling the followers of "dope" imme
diately turned to the form book, hastily
scanning its pages for horses that excelled
in heavy going. A few were successful
and the bookmakers took good care of the
balance. The racing was streaky, yet
withal, four favorites managed to win,
and the crowd, which was not as numer
ous as on several former occasions, did
pretty well on the day.
, The steeplechase handicap . for polo
ponies was furnished as an extra attrac
tion, but the rain dampened the ardor of.
society's racing enthusiasts, and the gentle
men riders had to be content to exhibit
their prowess in the saddle before the
"regulars." Six "chop-tails" started and
the race was devoid of all interest, from
the fact that Brandy so overwhelmingly
excelled his competitors as to make it no
contest whatever. He started a. 4 to 5
favorite, and, piloted .by Mr. Bagot, won
in typical "city-block" fashion, with Li
Hung ' Chang finishing in the place.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. started the field,
and by the way he sent them away
showed that he was not far behind
"Prince" Caldwell and Colonel "Jepms"
Ferguson in the art of dropping the red
flag.
A good thing was tried in the opening
half-mile dash for maiden two-year-olds,
but fell a trifle short. • Santa Paula, a
green two-year-old, who showed nothing
in his previous attempts, was sent out for
the coin at odds of 100 to 1, and in a hot
drive was beaten out but a head by the
6 to 5 favorite, Lost Girl.
Opening at odds of 4 to 5 and going back
in toe betting to. 6 to 5, Marjone took the
second event at rive and a half furlongs in
an ordinary gallop, heading Catch Em out
at the wire by five open lengths. O'Fleeta
was an indifferent third.
The crowd went down hard on the mile
and a sixteenth run, decided under selling
conditions. A strong tip went the rounds
on Hazard, cutting his odds from- 4 to 13
to 5. Nephew finally went to the post a 2%
to 1 favorite. The outsider Hermanita and
Tar and Tartar were prominent almost
from the start, and although Hazard once
worked himself into second place, fell
back in the stretch for home. In a hard
drive Bozeman got Tar and Tartar past
the wire first, half a length before Her
manita. Nephew came fast, as usual,
through the stretch, finishing a close
third. :• '
Fourteen started in the mile and a fur
long run over four hurdles. Many tum
bles were predicted, but My Sweetneart
was the only one that made a mistake,
falling at the first leap. Swift on Com
rade, a 25 to 1 shot, managed to head
Artemus, another outsider, in the stretch,
and at the end won easily by three lengths.
Ike L was a good third. John Brinock's
pair, Nellie G and Templemore, went lo
the post equal favorites in the betting with
Nick Hall's Arundel.
Carroll's gray colt Paros struck very
easy company in the seven-lurlong run.
The 11 to 5 choice, Treachery, was poorly
ridden by Macklin, and Paros, taking the
lead into the stretch, won pulling up.
Instigator was a good tnird to the favorite.
Summertime, the 9 to 5 favorite, cap
tured the last run easily, with Levena C, a
10 to 1 shot, finishing in the place.
Track and Paddock Items.
Barney Schreiber mingled with the tal
ent yesterday, trying his hand at guessing
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance ar* Riven. ' ...■..,
Abbreviations— F.. fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; * furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; non-winners in 1896.
!'
Index, j
159 I
1031 I
1088 ]
787 I
777 i
10.S0 i
994 !
1009
891 :
1030 i
10H8
1030
1033 ;
1020 I
}Yangedene
IRed Bird
|Yreka
lAllahabad
i Verdette
i Tuberose
Garcia
jHyman
Jack Richelieu..
iGoudola
'Wild Rose
Landlord
'Miss Garvln
|Roeder
Name.
Lbs
119
| Best
| record. Dlst.
1:07% "51/21'
1:01 3/J 5f
1:32% 7f
no rec. ........
no rec
I iV6B" 51/2 i '
1:17% 6f
j 1 :08 6% f
! 1 :09% 5V 2 f
no rec. .^.'.
1 1 :09 5i/ 2 f
;l:lbl/i 6 1
Lbs
80 1
98 :
98
93
107
105
102|
Tk. Owner.
.... W. Earn 7TT7T7
F... E. C. Sachs
F... William Stewart....
H.. W. D. Randall
.... Vici 5tab1e..........
.... C. Earl
.... H. Elliot
F... Alma Dale stable..
H. S. C. JBildreth
F... W. P.Fine
1F... F. W. Graham
1....JJ. Robbing
Fa. & F. Capps
|F...|J. Mahaney
Imp. Greenback-Victoria
Red Iron-Fannie Johnson
Flood-imp. Bridget
Hyder Ali-Floride
Vicl-Lucy Long
Wlldldle-Agnes B
Wildidle Nlghthawlt
Himj-ar-Maggie B
Imp. Great Tom-Envenom
Frank Rhodes- Delia
Wildidle-Hosetland
Longfellow-imp. Manzanlti
Fellowchr.rm-R. Hampton
i Imp. Darebln-Mura
....I
86
112 1
mile; Belling
Best
record .
1036 i
1026 I
1045 I
942 I
1035 !
1035 i
704
1026
902
1020
j Faro
I Sir Walter
Ida Saver ......
I Judge Tarn..... I
| Clara Johnson.. ;
lip. FiillcrtnWiHS
San Lnis Rey.. ;
Svengall....
Rotation
Fl Fi ......
110
106
' l:04i/s 6f
: 1 : 291/4 7r
1:19 |*6f
i 1:15% 6f
I l:07V 4 5f
H1:18V4 6f
1,1:42 lm
1:141/2 '*« f
1:10 t>y*t
1:298,4 71
100!
104
99 1
101 1
101!
1071
94!
93;
|H..
>F...
JH..I
S::
|H..
1f...
1f...
F-.
;F...
A. Y. Stephenson..
Elmtvood stt farm
O. L. Bell
S. F. Capps.
iM. Johnson
Shal)oria stables
J. T. Clifton
Elkton stable
W. Earp
S. D. Merri weather
Prince Norfolk-Avondale
Nathan Coombs-Bessie
Joe Hooker- Addle O'Nell
Nick of the Woods-Retta B
El Rio Rey- Valerie
Fullerton-Castaway
Em. Norflk-M Mccarty's L
Verano-Experiment
Snrinam-Mistletoe
Hidalgo- Veracity
THIRD
furlongs; two-year olds.
Index.
1034 jLena
(1047) Adam Andrew.
(981>Parthamax
(995) Early Notice...
1028 .Dolce
1034 niablita
Name.
| Best
Lbs record. Dist.
103 tSl*4 kfa m
11111:02 !Bf
ion :49 iA m
108 :51 i/ 2 m
10a no rec
103 1 no rec
Lbs Tk. Owner.
98|hTT F. Farrar
104; Fa. BurnsAWaterhouse
101 IF. .;Burns<tWaterhouse
105 1 Fa. Dr. Howell
Pueblo stable
I Nevada stable
Apache-RUI
Imp. Sir Modred-Fedalma
Imp. Maxim-Parthenla
lake Notice-Early Rose
flambeau-Imp. Janet N
Joe Hooker-Oxilla
FOURTH RA
1041
1021
685
Service
Lo-ran
Ferrier
Name.
Best I
Lbs Record Dlst.
160 .;...;„
160 ......;■.
160 ........ .:.
Lbs Tk. Riders.
8. C. Hildreth
Alex Shields
W. 8. Hobart.
Jim. Woodlands- Lady's Maid
iVoltlguer-Pert
Falsetto-imp. Cinderella
FIFTH RA<
I Best
'record.
Lbs Tk.
134|f77
136! Fa.
i63|H.'.
180 Fa.
135 |F...
1042
1042
1056
1023
(1042)1
(1005)1
Tom Clarke
Hello
Lochinvar
Bellrlnger.
Esperance
April
125 3:25i/j, !
128 3:27Va'
120 no rec.
157 j 6:22
142 1 3:2614 1
145|3:22 |
Dist. I
•l%m
*iy 2 m
*&4'm
*iy 2 m
•l%m
\ Farrar.
>. J. Johnson
». Rudolnh
r. Dickey
\ A. Tobln
V. B. Dodd
Jullen-Hazel Klrke
i^id-by Reveille
Imp. Cheviot-Arethnsa
1 roubador-Bosque Belle
Alta-Mother Hubbard
McCreary-Rosa
Pedigree.
•1
RACE— Six furlongs ; purse.
Lbs
! Best
1 J record .
1030
(1025)
(1045)
1062
1060
1057
1044
iJoe Hill
I Doubtful
! Governor Budd.
Catch 'Km
Una Que A mo..
All Over
Montgomery
1:01 %
1 1:15% :
1 1:18 I
1 1:04% i
1:03 ,
'j 1:30*4
5f •
6 f .
!6f
16 f
,6f
7f
108 F.. Joe Hill
97F.. L. Ezell
98 iF . . Woodlawn stable. . .
107iH. . Mokelumnestckfm
103 Fa.iFerrls Hartman....
lll!H..iS. C Hildreth
— | I Burns *VVaterhouse
Kingston-Lady Golden
Dount-Natchitoches
Fresno-Rosa G
Im. Midlothian- Little Flush
Torso Little Flush
Hanover-Deceit
Hanover-Blessing
I
Index.
Lbs
Owners.
1033
1044
3038
10X8
789
; 010
1046
1044
1039
1044
Rap1d0. .........
jMt. Air..........
Little Tough....
Ginger.;.... ....
Kodesap.'. ......
; Bravura .'.
| Myr0n.... ......
Oracle 5. .......
I F1eet............
Hanf0rd.. ......
98 no rec.
104 lil2
115 l:0 8»/ 4
107 ..T
110 1:10
94 1:14
98|l:08y 3
111 1:08
115 no rec.
104 1 :07%
*6 f " "
5 f
6f
*6f
&Vaf
Bi/g f
"98
101
101
98
91!
104
83
F.'.'.
F.
F.Y.
F...
K. Kaufman Cyclone-Nyanza
\ V \£ ?? d .. d l 3, mp - Bru tU3-Y Oun g Jule
A. W. Lindsey Glen Elm-Unknown
J. A. Gueriu Eol lan- Respond
J. M. Buckley Harry O'Failan.Mattle W
l'ueblo stable VVlldidle-Why Not
I. Rnms'lell I. MidloThian-hy Great Tom
Musto & Hvyi ... .... Prince Norfolk-Gilroy Belle
J. D. Fitzgerald.... Hermese-Unknown
ICalifornia stable. ... Imp. Kyrle Daly-Viaalia
....
90 1
....
|F...|
II RACE— One mile; selling
ndex.
1046'
10*3
1031'
1063
872
1036 ;
1023;
10*0
3045
1009
1037
Arn0...... ......
Trix ..'.........
diaries a::....-.
Roud Runner...
Fa vory... '...; .V.
Waw0na........
Vlf 1K...]
Name.
! Best .
i j Record : Dist.
I 1:0214 6 f '; ••
I 11:58 ili/ 8 m
I: I
I I:IBViJ6 f
1:15 %t ■:..-'■.
; 1:54% ;iy 8 m
1:42% lm ; '
1 ... i
: iY42% i"m""
1:15% « f
■ 1:263^ 71
101
105
104
97
105
F. .
F. .
\m:
F. .
IF. .
F..
I Murphy <fe Butler . . ,
F. Brown !
P. Archibald '
Antrim stable
a. P. Miller
Mokelumne silt fin.
Almona stable
L. Stephens.
A. H. Martin
Burns<tWaierhouse
Nevada stable |
Owner.
me-Wanza
nan-Annie L
A- Early Hose
•aniels-Miss Hooker
A-Lowena II
Sir Modred-Typhoon
Dizzy Blonde
Pedigree.
Sir Keel.
All Smoke
Miss Jtutn
Goodwin II
MaloDUblo....
1....
IF..
Sllk"Gown-Ord nance
ilite-Ruth
uite-ttUin
111 Used-Little Hopes
looker-OxUia •.
the winners. Barney confided to a friend
not many evenings ago that he wai $57,000
ahead of the present California racing
season, booking.
Santa Paula was bacKed down to 40 to 1
around post time.
Ed Games, who is trying to beat the
horses on the ground and not on the
block, thought one bookie in particular
was a trifle too hungry for his coin during
the betting on the hurdle race, and, stroll
ing up to the judees' stand, asked the offi
cials if they would keep the telescope
pointed on W. Clancy and Nellie G. They
did, and when he finished fourth, beaten
out a head for the show, told the jockey
he was susDer.ded. Clancy shea tears, the
stewards probed more thoroughly into the
affair, ana, concluding that the jockey had
done his best, exonerated him from all
blame.
At a meeting of the board of directors of
the Country Club held on Monday it was
deciaed to start Trix in the distance race
yesterday. He opened in the betting at 3
and went to 5. The gelding did not run a
flattering race, and Jocfeey Cochran's ex
cuse was that the mud balled up in his
hoofs, which made him unsteady on his
legs. Beyond a doubt Cochran was con
stituted by nature to occupy a much more
exalted position than that of an ordinary
racetrack jockey. If he would rent an
office and frame excuses for members of
lodges that through some misfortune miss
the last car and are obliged to tell their
wives some old, shopworn yarn, he would
command a princely income and could re
tire on his means in a very short time. If
Trix shows marked improvement in his
future races, the club may be asked to con
fine their operations to country fairs in
future.
CLEAR FIELD PRESENTED
Delmas & Shortridge File Their
Answer to Paterson's Oppo
sition.
The Fair Will Preliminary Tangle
Being Rapidly Straightened Out
for the Final Contest.
Delmas & Shortridge yesterday filed
their answer to the opposition of Van R.
Paterson to the probate of the will of
James G. Fair, dated the 21st of Septem
ber. The answer is designed to clear the
way for Mr. Paterson to make the contest
which he claims to so much desire. It ad
mits every statement in Mr. Paterson's
opposition that is essential to a contest.
It admits that Mr. Paterson was appointed
to represent the minor children having a"
possible interest in the estate, and that he
was afterward appointed to guard their
interests in the matter of the probate of
the will of the 24th; it admits that
James G. Fair left a will dated
the 21st of September, 1894, but it denies
that that will is the last will and testament
of the deceased; the allegation that the
deceased left no wili later than the 21st is
expressly denied. It is also denied that
Fair republisbed the will of the 21st by a
writing dated November 26, 1894.
Mr. Paterson's standing being actonowl
edged in every way, and only the questions
at issue being denied, there is presented a
clear contest as to the validity of the will
or wills.
There are not many moves possible now
short of the open battle in court, and that
may be counted now as reasonably near
at hand.
There is apparently to be a revival of the
old-fashioned method of carrying a lady
upon a pillion. On horseback the lady
was compelled to ride behind her escort.
On the bicycle she is to ride in front. A
recent English invention provides for a
seat before the handle-bar, just above the
steering wheel.
Speaker Reed is a night worker, and
often sits up until 2 o'clock in the morn
ing preparing his speeches and magazine
articles. He writes everything with his
own hand except his letters, and submits
all his important work to Mrs. Reed.
HAYNE ON RAILROAD LAW
Continuation of His Exhaustive
Argument Before Judge
McKenna.
SCOPE OF THE FRANCHISE.
The Corporation Must Enjoy Its Priv
ileges According to Contract and
the Constituion.
"The mere physical exertion tells upon
me more than I can express," remarked
Attorney Hayne to a friend yesterday,
"but when I'm fighting for a principle I'll
fight in spite of everything, and ii I die in
the fight I'll die game."
The spirited pleader was still arguing in
the great railroad case, and all day kept
the United States Circuit Court room reso
nant with the music of his eloquence. The
main point upon which he insisted during
the morning session was as to the reserved
power of the State over the corporations
created by it. He read a large number of
cases in which this reserved power was
recognized, contending that the only limi
tation of this power was that it could not
go beyond what the State had the right to
give, namely, franchises and corporate
rights. The State could and did grant
these two privileges, and could take them
away.
"This," he continued, "is what the State
means by its constitutional prevision — a
prevision which It does not extend to the
property acquired through the exercise of
a franchise, nor apply to the fruits of a
corporation's past industry, but by which
the State can limit, or "for that matter
altogether destroy, the future corporate
rights or acts of any society created by it
by merely repealing its charter. This
absolute power, since it includes the lesser
power of modification, may adoDt the
milder course of amending "rather than
the neroic measure of destroying, but both
are in its hands. This is plainly stated by
Judge Field in the San Mateo Railway tax
case in the thirteenth Federal Reporter,
as well as in the sinking fund cases and in
the Greenhood cases, found in volume 105
of the Federal Supreme Court reports."
Mr. Hayne proceeded to read from sec
tion 465 of the Civil Code of California to
show that the code, which he contended
was the charter of the corporations organ
ized under it, granted to the company the
right to take tolls "within the limits pre
scribed by law, and subject to alteration,
change or amendment by the Legislature
at any time." That, he strongly con
tended, made the company a tenant at
will of the State. Hence, to oblige the
company to keep its contract could not
be considered tantamount to a deprivation
of its property by the State. If the cor
poration did not like it it could disincor
porate, and tne persons who had been
members of the corporation would still
have every bit of property which they had
had before. Nothing would be taken from
them.
But, if the corporation wished to enjoy
its corporate privileges it must enjoy them
according to contract, in the manner agreed
to. All the Southern Pacific corporations
were formed under the Civil Code of Cali
fornia, and the law for all is practically
the same. The Market-street bond case
made the code the measure of the powers
of all corporations formed under the gen
eral laws.
In addition Mr. Hayne cited section 6
of the constitution of the United States
which provided that the constitution and
the amendments thereto shall be a part of
the law of the land.
"Hence," he continued, "if an act be
lonnd to be unconstitutional it is ip9o facto
illegal. In the case of Neal against the
State of Delaware we find an interesting
instance of the constitutional setting
aside of a State law. The constitution of
Delaware provided and still provides that
jurors shall be 'white male citizens.'
Neal, who was a colored man, made a test
case of his having been debarred from
acting on a jury. The Supreme Court of
the United States declared that the Fed
eral constitution must operate to deprive
of all force and effect any and all State
laws inconsistent with it. When State
laws are at variance with the constitution,
the constitution simply wipes them out.
"Now, if the Federal constitution can
enter into the body of State legislative
enactments in order to remedy any de
fects which may be found therein, all we
have to do in order to Drove an act illegal
is to make manifest that it is contrary to
the provisions of the constitution, irre
spective of any State laws whatsoever.
Not that in case of a conflict between a
State law and the constitution the State
law is to be set aside, but the sections of it
which are opposed to the constitution
must be simply disregarded, the remain
der of the statute preserving all its former
force and effect."
To sustain nis contention on this point
Mr. Hayne read a long list of citations,
giving brief extracts from some of the de
cisions, most of which had been rendered
by judges of National reputation for acute
ness and ability.
"We have urged," he went on, "that the
power to fix transportation rates is in its
nature lecislation. The other side don't
seem to be sure what its nature is, though
they seem to regard it in some measure as
jndicial. Well, granting that it be
judicial, if the Railway Commission be a
judicial tribunal, clothed with judicial
authority, then what right has any court
to intervene to fix rates, particularly
when it does not appear that the rates
fixed by the commission are not unreason
able? Nor should any court intervene
when it is plainly shown that the matter
of the fixing of rates is actually or has
been under consideration by the body to
which the matter was confided by positive
legislative enactment.
"In tids case it appears that the matter
of fixing rates for the Southern Pacific
Company was fully and thoroughly ad
judicated before the commission. This
fact is proved by the affidavits of partici
■ • NEW TO-DAY. ,
|(fiON^|| YixQ Years
|pio;| Bottling.
ij ■ : I p ' g °^ i _£^^ilpH Li MARTIN
pants in the proceedings before the com
mission, which affidavits form a part of
the record in this case. Now I would like
to know the ideas of my learned friends of
the other side in regard to this point."
"If it please the court," answered Mr.
Garber, "1 consider that the Railway Com
mission is not judicial in the sense of
being a court, though its acts must be in a
certain sense judicial."
"What reason is there in these distinc
tions?" asked Mr. Hayne with some
warmth. "Such limitations merely ob
scure the question at issue. If the com
mission be a legislative tribunal in a cer
tain sense, and a judicial tribunal in a
certaiD other sense, and still another sort
of a tribunal in yet another sense, where
in goodness' name are we at? Do not
these certain and uncertain senses, ac
cording to which the Railway Commission
may or may not be judicial "or otherwise,
confuse the whole matter and set us all at
sea? lam still in the dark as to what my
learned brethren of the other side are
driving at. It seems to me that the com
mission should be recognized as a legisla
tive body, and its enactments, in the
province assigned to it, be held to have the
force of law.
"I have always contended," proceeded
Mr. Hayne, "that in this case the
granaries only are involved. The Railway
Commission is a branch of the State gov
ernment. Thus far all it has done has
been to rix grain rates. No final action
can be taken except by service and publi
cation of a schedule. This has not yet
been done as to anything save the grain
rates. The Commissioners have already
come forward and sworn that they will
take no further action as to other re
ductions until they shall have made fur
ther inquiries and investigations. I, as
counsel of the Commissioners, am not
going to advise them to enforce that par
ticular resolution, but rather to make up a
proper schedule. The respect due to a
branch of the State government ought to
induce the court to believe the Commis
sioners, and not visit an indignity upon
them by laying an injunction on them,
after what they have said."
Mr. Hayne concluded the day's install
ment of his argument by citing figures in
support of his facts, showing that in any
event the effect of the reduction in grain
rates must be much less than has been rep
resented and supposed.
GRAND ARMY.
Headquarters Transferred to Santa Crux.
Investigating; Committee Report.
Department headquarters of the Grand
Army of the Republic were transfered to
Santa Cruz yesterday and some of the ad
vance guard of delegates left the City on
the afternoon trains. The main body of
veterans will leave for Santa Cruz this
morning.
It is ascertained that Judge Buckles of
Solano, Judge Walling of Nevada, Judge
Crawford of Sonoma, W. H. Pratt of San
Francisco, and W. G. Hawley of San Jose,
who were appointed to hear and judge of
the testimony relating to cnarges of mis
management of the Veterans' Home, have
submitted to Department Commander
Wilson a report vindicating the board of
directors.
The report finds that none of the charges
made by Lyon Post and General Thomp
son have been sustained.
At a meeting of George H. Thomas Post
last evening Charles H. Blinn, quarter
master, read an interesting paper entitled
"L.ight and Shadows in the Life of a
Prisoner of War." The narrator described
his own capture in the Shenandoah Valley
in April, 1862, and his experience in prison
at Lynchburg and Belle Isle. The narra
tion was spirited and animated through
out.
Mr. Blinn received a vote of thanks from
the post and many individual congratula
tions.
There were two Dattles of Preston, in
1648 and 1715. There was a battie at Tou
louse in 1159 and again in 1814. The latter
was the last of the Peninsular War. To
bago has been taken no fewer than five
times— in 1672, 1974, 1781, 1793 and 1803.
Admiral Vernon fought two great battles
at Portchello in 1739 and 1742.
NEW i TO-DAY.
P»i ' ""^^l ft At any one of these prices
i* JO 00 * o *Sj P*^ We will make to your order
l^w.X'^yv^ « a handsome all-wool suit
\o** 000 '^' -/^/ in the latest prevailing
iO' / fashion, in every way the
I Kj'^T-. / equal of suits costing twice
r-'^^- ' / as much at fashionable
><T|| >/^ tailors.
V Ur/^ We guarantee fit, ma-
M/ terials and workmanship
unequaled.
/ Call and see them ; sam-
ples for the asking.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
Avoid firms imitating our name • r— A < 1% /T A T"^¥^T-*HT^ £~\*T*
and methods. Our only branch in hdl I VI AKKH XI
S. F. is at 211 Montgomery st. <-»Tl lTinill\L-i 1 O 1 ■
First Pay't Per Week
AND ITS
"Dead Easy"
TO OWN ONE
Catalog and Application Blank Fret.
The offer applies only to residents of San
Francisco, Berkeley. Oakland & Alamed*
Oakland Agency
• 7th St. 4 San Pablo Aye., Reliance Bldg.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
18 & 20 McAllister St., San Francisco
OPEN EVENINGS
NOTARY PUBLIC.
("IHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1620
Fell at. Telephone. "Pine" 2591.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON" STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
European plan. Kooms 60c to «1 50 per day, $2
to 98 per week, $8 to 830 per montn: fre« batha;
hot and cold water every room; Ure gratea ia
every room; elevator runs all night,
HOME TOO HOT FOR HIM
Senor Domingo A. Pumar on
the Troubles of Vene
zuela.
ALL NOW ABOUT SETTLED.
The Senor Says the Wines of Call
fornia Would Find a Ready Mar
ket in Venezuela.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental
is Domingo A. Pumar, a well-to-do mer
chant of Caracas, Venezuela, who has been
abroad traveling for some time.
The war in Venezuela made sundry dis
turbances even in the commercial lin«
there. Many business men fell into dis
favor with President Crespo, among them
Senor Pumar.
He says now, however, that the war is
practically ended, and the differences be
ing well on toward a settlement, he will
soon go back.
"I wonder that you do not send your ex
cellent California wine down there,'* he
said. "I have never seen any of it there,
and we get practically all our wines from
France.
"Since I arrived here I have been struck
with the tine flavor of the different kinds
of wines produced here, and that you
haven't them on sale in Venezuela is more
a mystery with me than ever.
"Beyond question our people would buy
these wines if they could get them at any
thing near the price you sell them for here,
freight added. I have lately visited
France, Spain, Portugal and other wine
growing countries cf the Old World and
nave examined their wines with interest.
These wines I find in California surprise
me by their exceptional quality, as com
pared with the product of Old World vine
yards.
"All California wine-growers have to do,
I am satisfied, is to get their wines into
the markets of the different countries.
They will surely sell— at least the best of
your wines will— and there will be a good
margin for profits, too."
Senor Pumar reached here by way of
Brazil and Chile and the Panama steam
ship line. He says Caracas now has 70,000
people, while Venezuela as a whole has
2,500,000. The Spanish colony is the
largest, and next come the Germans. The
English and Americans are comparatively
light.
Delightful Blundering,
A little boy in the course of his reading
lesson came to the word "widow," and
called it "window," a word more familiar
to him. The teacher, who was acting as
examiner, corrected the blunder, and then
wishing to improve the occasion put the
question, "What is the difference between
'widow' and 'window'?" The boy's an
swer began, "You can see through a win
dow, but — " and then stopped. The amuse
ment plainly visible on the teacher's face
prevented the miniature Sam Weller from
completing the contrast.
Now, the blunder here, so far as it was a
blunder, was entirely due to the teacher.
He did not mean to impress on his pupils
the transparency of a window as contrasted
with a widow, but the difference in spelling
between the two words.— Blackwood's
Magazine.
Miss Byrd Watkins is train dispatcher
on the Kansas division of the Union
Pacific at Junction City. She is the only
woman in such a position in tne United
States. Miss Watkins is blue eyed, brown
haired, tail and slender.
J J — do you want SEnt* '
< , more in a bicycle? j
< I T— ere is more in the < ■ ■ ■ n
I Monarch I;
O 4 model*. ■ $80 and $100, full; naranteed. For S
( | children and adult* who want a lower price wkwl A
( ) toe Defiance is made in B models. $40, $50, $60, $75. X
n:"r--~'- Send for Monarch book. •, . X
.( | MONARCH CYCLE MFG. CO., S
O 8 and 5 Front St., Ban Francisco. n
/ «■■, B ' CVct -ES \
CADET UNIFORMS.
pLOTHIEKS DKSIKING TO SUBMIT PRO-
\J posals for making uniforms will receive cir-
cular and form of proposal by addressing the un-
dersigned. J. H. C. BuNTE, Secretary UniverUcy
of California.
Berkeley, April 18, 1896.
56
03j£ '.;'■ . @thll
ik^W "*3^ '•^ IO/*/>
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor. ,
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier..
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail . . . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail .50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mail 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
10, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
pour address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
I" elf phone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES :
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntU
1:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
intil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
t?08 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. I'OLTZ, Special Agent.
WKDXKSDAY... APRIL 22, 1896
IKE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
An unpledged delegation means fair
play for everybody.
There is nothing sicfc about Senator
Morgan's argument.
It is lull spring tide at Los Angeles, but
you can't see anything green there.
As a rain-producer che new festival seems
about as good as the old-fashioned picnic.
What Democracy really needs at this
juncture is not a leader but an under
taker.
All California will unite in the wish that
Senator Morgan may live to see the fund
ing bill dea;i.
Spain promi sea autonomy to Cuba, but
tbe Cubans demand the guarantee of
independence
- California can wait the coming of the
funding bill tight with serenity. She has
victory in sight.
It is evident that in the rause of justice
even a sick man can get in a knock-out
blow on corruption.
The proposed combination of Democrats
and Populists will be only another mon
key and parrot affair.
There is no good argument for a pledged
delegation, and no good one against a
delegation unpledged.
Why make any new laws relating to the
debts of the Pacific roads when the pres
ent lawß are sufficient?
The great American industry this sum
mer will be that of bouncing Democracy
and turning out Grover.
There is no qaestion but what balmy
spring has come, but decidedly the
weather isn't living up to it.
From the far East comes the faint sound
of somebody trying to start a Presidential
boom for Russell of Massachusetts.
ln the Democratic Junta both th* dog
and the tail are wagging, but it is not yet
certain which is wagging the otner.
There will be no rushing through of the
funding scheme at one fell swoop. The
people's rush line is very strong itself.
If Cleveland cannot make up his mind
what to do about Cuba he might as well
make up his fishing-tackle and take a rest.
If Waller can live on the hope of getting
an indemnity from France he is very
likely to live about a? long as Methuselah.
As Congress is not doing much in the
way of legislation an adjournment in May
would e?em to be about as good as one in
June.
When Hunlington reads the minority
report on the funding bill he will come to
the conclusion that he is a sicker man than
Morgan.
The advocates of the Wilson tariff can
point to the British surplus as aconciusive
proof it has been a great developer of
foreign trade.
Units? a candidate comes forward very
soon Democracy may have to adopt "My
Sweetheart's the Man in the Moon" as a
campaign song.
About this time Carlisle has begun to
figure out how to make a treasury state
ment for April that will show something
besides a deficit.
Senator Morgan was right in saying of
the refunding scheme: "We cannot afford
to pay salvage to men who have conspired
to wreck the ship."
As time passes it becomes evident that
the prospects the Democrats saw when
Whitney visited Washington was only a
mirage of the desert.
As no Populist farmer would undertake
to plow his field witn a foundered donkey,
why should he try to do politics with old
broken down Democracy ?
The services of Senator Morgan in the
contest against the railroad monopoly are
most acceptable, but it would have been
more satisfactory to see a Californian
leading the fight.
In one shipment yesterday $400,000 in
gold was sent from New York to Europe
and all we will get in return for it will be
a lot of imported eoods that should have
been made at home.
A delegation of strong men, free to use
their strength and influence for the ad-
vancement of the State and the Pacific
Coast, is what the Republicans of California
should send to St. Ixmis.
The communication we publish this
morning from General N. P. Chipman on
the subject of an unpledged delegation to
the St. Louis convention packs into a brief
space one of the most thoughtful and con
vincing considerations of this important
issue that has yet been publiihed. It
should be carefully read and weighed by
every California Republican. It points
the way to achieve the best results, both
for the party and for the commonwealth,
and the State Convention would do well to
follow its guidance.
A WOETHY EXAMPLE.
The "Banner Republican County" of
California has held its Republican County
Convention and decided to send unpledged
delegates from the Third Congressional
District. It is somewhat unfortunate that
Alameda County did not hold its conven
tion earlier and impress the weight of its
example upon other counties in the State.
This regret is expressed in view of the fact
that some of the remoter counties have in
structed their delegates to the State Con
vention to support some favorite candidate
for President.
It would not be difficult to trace all the
hardships borne by California to a lack of
uniformity in action of its people. The
spirit of wise co-operation has not yet
spread its wings over this singularly com
plex and heterogeneous people. Evi
dences of its absence have been painfully
abundant from the beginning of our State
organization. It has never yet happened
that our delegation to Congress were able
to work harmoniously for the good of the
whole State, and as a consequence Califor
nia, which so greatly needs the assistance
of the Nation, has never received the con
sideration for which its necessities call.
Our harbor* and rivers have had no gen
erous appropriations so greatly needed.
Our splendid fruit industry is not suffi
ciently protected. Dissensions have per
mitted the growth of an almost invincible
monopoly of transportation that has
grown incredibly rich at our expense.
Great industries have each other by the
throat. Our ocean commerce has been
lost to the dependencies of Great Britain
because we were not sufficiently united to
demand such a mail subsidy for our ships
as would enable us to compete on equal
terms with tbe heavily subsidized vessels
flying the English colors.
Now, when the greatest opportunity in
the history of the State has arrived for
taking legitimate advantage of a political
situation, we find minor evidences of a
lack of concerted action. In the very
heat of the action comes Alameda, the
great Republican county of the State, and
declares its wisdom by electing delegates
pledged to no Presidential aspirant, real
izing the fact that all the candidates thus
far proposed are worthy men, that a Re
publican candidate is sure of election, and
that an independent attitude offers the
only hope for California to demand just
recognition at the hands of a great Na
tional party. It seems unnecessary to say
that, as the Republicans of Alameda
County are in intimate touch with the
needs of the State and have a wise under
standing of the advantage which the pres
ent situation offers, its example is emi
nently worthy to be followed by other
counties. Let the intelligence centered in
the Republican party of California show
that it has the ordinary political shrewd
ness to make the most of this opportunity
and the patriotism to employ it for the
good of the State.
A BUNKO GAME.
The attempt of some of the leaders of the
Democratic party to make a combination
with the Populists in tLe Congressional
districts this fall should not be overlooked
by those earnest and sincere Populists
who believe in principles more than in the
spoils of office. Populism as a political
organization has nothing to gain from
such a combination, whatever individual
office-seekers might hope for. Democracy
is iaden this year with all the disasters of
free trade, all the offenses of the Cleveland
administration, al! the blunders of Wilson,
Morton, Smith and Olney, and is involved
in a thousand faction fights. What can
honest Populists hope for in making a
common cause with such a demoralized
gang as that?
To the Democratic bosses hopeless of
carrying a single Congressional district in
California on a straight contest, any scheme
that will gain votes here and there will
seem good politics. Every Populist vote
they can get for a Democrat will count
an indorsement of Cleveland. It will
recorded as an approval of the Wilson
tariff, the goldbug money system, the
wrecK of American industry for the sake
of foreign trade and all the evils of defi
cient revenue, syndicate bond deals, gold
exports and the increase of the public
debt in a time of profound peace.
If the Populists can be induced to cast
votes for Democrats in the face of the rec
ord of this Democratic administration,
they will have to give up all hope of ever
being recognized as an independent party.
By holding a straight course they have
now an opportunity to take the place in
our political Bystem wnich the Democrats
have forfeited by their blunders and
follies. Only an ordinary degree of
sagacity and courage is needed for
organized Populism to cast more votes in
the West and in the Mississippi Valley
this fall than the Democrats will cast.
This would mean for the Populists a
prestige that would enable them in sue-
ceeding elections to absorb Democrats in
stead of being absorbed by them. No
wonder then the Democratic leaders and
office-seekers in California are willing to
make the combination. These office
seekers have in fact so much to gain by
the trade that the thing looks very much
like an attempt at a bunko game.
PRESERVING THE LAWS.
Senator Morgan's efforts to secure
friendly assistance in urging his views
on the railroad funding bill have so far suc
ceeded that his report has been presented,
and it is difficult to see how they can be
smothered, even though the veteran Ala
bamian is helplessly ill. His plan is to in
vest the Court of Appeals of the District
of Columbia with jurisdiction in the rail
road cases in order to furnish judicial ma
chinery for carrying out the other provi
sions of the scheme. All outstanding first
mortgage and subsidy bonds are to be re
funded with 3 per cent thirty-year bonds
and the President is to appoint directors
for managing the properties and turning
over the earnings to the Government on
account 6f the debt and for the liquidation
of the refunding bonds.
Senator Morgan thus explains the foun
dation of his plan : "I n brief, I propose that
no rights of the United States or of any
bondholder, stockholder, creditor or em
ploye of these corporations, under existing
laws, shall be changed in the least degree.
The lavs stand to regulate these rights
without alteration. They are sufficient
as they stand for all purposes of justice,
equity, governmental authority, the pro^
tection of the people and public policy."
That is exactly what the people of Cali
fornia are contending for. The present
legal provisions for collecting tbe debt by
foreclosure ana sale are ample, and to set
them aside and with them the principles
upon which they rest would be to introduce
a new and dangerous element into the
laws affecting the reciprocal rights of the
Government and private corporations.
The only change from existing powers
that Senator Morgan proposes is thus ex
plained by him: "1 propose to add a
power that is not now provided by law that
will enable the Government to liquidate
the debt that is falling due on the subsidy
bonds and the first-mortgage bonds of
these companies, and to provide for the
collection of the debt paid for interest
upon the subsidy bonds and to apply the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1b96.
income of the corporations to such pur
poses. To do this we have to deal with
tbe property of corporations whose char
ter powers have lapsed, and all their prop
erty is forfeited to and invested in the
United States under existing laws. We
have to administer on the estates of two
corporations that have ceased to exist
under those laws for the forfeiture of their
charters to tbe power that granted them,
and can continue to exist only with the
consent of Congress." Hence the pro
vision in his scheme reviving the corpora
tions is for the purpose of administration
on their estates and for no other purpose.
This iB a very different levivor from the
one proposed in the funding. bill which
Mr. Huntington has caused to be intro
duced. This bill is a complete revivor, re
storing wholly a condition and a power
that have lapsed, and in restoring them
the Government will sacrifice every prin
ciple which their creation represented. It
is hoped that Senator Morgan will yet be
able to appear in person and make the
fight on the floor of the Senate.
THE DOCTKINE OF PROTECTION.
The productive possibilities of the United
States are beyond measurement, but the
genius and energy of our people are
superior to any demand the development
of the resources of the country could make
upon them. The wealth of the nation as
seen in our agricultural industries and in
commerce, vast as it Is. is little more than
a reflection of that which lies in possibility.
There is no article of necessity, convenience
or luxury the raw material of which
is not waiting the skill of our people to
transform It into a merchantable com
modity. Hill, valley, forest and stream
abound in undeveloped wealth, but since
March, 1893, the leading forth of materials
that they might be transformed into fabrics
and wares for the people's use and good
has been seriously retarded, first by
threats of interference with the processes
of the Nation's growth, and later by a
most vicious assault upon our industries
by the Wilson tariff act.
The philosophy of the Democratic
party's political economy, as clearly taught
and demonstrated by the existing schedule
of custom-house charges, is that inter
national trade exchange on the basis of
holding this country continually in debt
to other nations for goods and wares is the
best possiole condition of existence for the
people of this country. It is home con
sumption of the product of foreign mills
and factories rather than home consump
tion of the product of home industries.
The fallacy, or stupidity we might better
say, of such an economic policy is seen in
tne operation of the Wilson act. It is
sufficient to say that the failure of the act
to provide revenue for conducting the
affairs of the Government is conspicuous.
The books of the treasury show that
Democratic tinkering with the Nation's
sources of revenue has already increased
the Government's interest-bearing debt
by more than $200,000,000. besides a deficit
in the current accounts of the treasury of
anywhere from $50,000,000 to $75,000,000,
and caused the resumption of the control
of our commodity markets by foreign
manufacturers.
It is a historical fact that the United
States was barren of industrial plants
prior to the ascension of the Republican
party to power, and it is also a histori
cal fact that for thirty y;ars thereafter, by
a sound and wise policy of protection to
American industries, the increase in in
dustrial enterprise was phenomenal, and
meanwhiie the public deDt grew less from
year to year. Our own factories and mills
supplied us with all kinds and qualities
of goods, wares and machinery ; besides,
they gave permanent and highly remuner
ative employment to hundreds of thou
sands of skilled and unskilled working
people, as well as provided profitable
home markets for farm products and pro
visions. One need only to look over the
country to see what irreck and ruin has
been wrought in the mill, the factory and
upon the farm in the last three years.
The folly, the criminal folly of Democratic
effort to" let foreign industrial concerns
override and overturn our business insti
tutions is seen everywhere in the enforced
idleness of armies of men, and in country
wide commercial depression.
If such a severe and costly lesson was
needed by our people to teach them the
true value of home protection and Ameri
can institutions, the enormous losses in
money and comforts which they have
been forced to sustain in the last three
years are not too great if they were needed
to open the eyes of the people to the im
portance of ever hereafter being watchful
and vigilant lest the enemy of the peace,
the happiness and the prosperity of the
community, of the family and of the in
dividual again break through and destroy
the opportunity for home making. The
doctrine of protection to all the interests
of the people of the United States is
doubly vindicated by the operation of the
economic theories of the Democratic
party ; but the signs of the times are more
encouraging, confidence is being restored,
and there is a feeling abroad in the land
that the country is on the eve of a long
period of satisfying prosperity, all of which
is attributable to the avowed determina
tion of the people to return to those sound
principles of Americanism which will be
re-enunciated by the Republican National
Convention at St. Louis in Jude next.
AN EARNEST THREAT.
The Western tour of Senator Tillman of
South Carolina is attracting so much at
tention that it is time to inquire into the
reasons for the fact. Tillman deliberately
prepared for this campaign by making a
savage attack upon President Cleveland
upon the floor of the Senate. The burden
of that lemarkable speech was that Cleve
land had betrayed his high public trust to
the bondholders and gold monometallists
who exercise so strong an influence on the
administration. After laying that founda
tion Tiliman started out on his career
through the West, where he is urging
Democrats to be prepared to bolt in the
event of the nomination of a gold Demo
cratic candidate for the Presidency.
In an interview at St, Louis on Tues
day he said: "If the Chicago convention
does not declare for free silver I shall
walk out, and I think all the delegates
from my State will do the same thing.
The people are tired of golabugs and
straddle-bugs, and they are not going to
be dictated to any more by the plutocrats
of Wall street. If Mr. Bland is nominated
I will certainly support him. I will try to
get the South Carolina delegation for him.
We want no jelly fishes. We want men
who are for silver and who will stand by
us. If we go to Chicago and secure a
declaration of 16 to 1 and then nominate
a straddle-bug it will simply be to hang
out an emblem of defeat. For all the loss
we should sustain by tbe defection of gold
bugs we would gain more by additions from
free-silver Republicans and tbe Populists.
The time has come for a new alignment
and we want it made right now."
The aggressiveness of this does not ex
aggerate the determination of free-silverad
vocates in all parties to make silver tbe
overshadowing ißsue in the pending cam
paign. As the tariff is a vital ißsue
I with the Republicans and Democrats and
cannot be permitted by either of those
parties to be lost in the silver struggle, it
behooves tbe leaders to cast about for a
solution of the difficulty. At this time the
only plan that seems available is a recog
nition of the demands of the silver advo
cates.
FOR A CABINET OFFICE.
Crockett Record.
There is a chance for California to have a
Cabinet officer in the next administration, if
she works for it. Senator Perkins says the
proper way to secure it will be to send an un
pledged delegation to the National Republican
Convention.
FAIR-MINDED MEN.
Hanford Sentinel.
We want fair-minded men to go to the Na
tional Convention, who will not turn cranks
all one way or not at all. There are four or
five good candidates for President, and it is no
use to get so strongly "stuck" on one that you
can't be fair with the rest.
WOULD LEAVE US FLOUNDERING.
Kedlands Citrograpb.
An unpledged delegation at St. Louis for any
man, but a platform of three planks—protec
tion, reciprocity and free silver, ought to win
for the Pacific Coast a proper recognition in
the political pie division. A pledged delega
tion to any one man will leave us floundering
in the tureen in tbe same old fashion.
THE ONLY PLEDGE.
£scondido Times.
To back up this almost unanimons senti
ment of the Republicans of California a dele
gation should be sent to St. Louis that is
pledged and can be trusted to work and vote
for the recognition of silver both in the
National platform and by the nomination of a
candidate not hopelessly In the hands and un
der the control of the goldbugs. This is the
only pledge that should be given the dele
gates. To put on them the'badge or "collar"
of some particular Presidential aspirant before
they start In is to turn the party of the State
over to the "machine" and kill the influence
of the delegation in the convention so far as
advancing the cause of bimetallism is con
cerned. A delegation pledged to McKinley or
any other candidate might just as well stay at
home and send the proxies to the "manager"
of the respective candidates, to be voted "solia"
at their will. Every county convention in the
State, pretending to represent the people,
should declare against such proceedings. The
proper course for the Republicans of California
is clear. It is to show their colors and stand
by them.
THE NEXT IMPORTANT STEP.
Stockton Graphic.
The next important step to be taken in the
campaign, and one that calls for prompt
action is, "Shall California send to the St.
Loui9 convention a pledged or an unpledged
delegation ?"
Every earnest Republican has been cogita
ting over this pertinent question for days and
weeks, and soon the time for definite decision
will be at hand. Let that decision be such as
to send free delegates to St. Louis— not
shackled, bound and handicapped representa
tives. Send no delegates to the National Con
vention this year with their hands tied.
A free, untrammeled delegation would ac
curately represent the prevailing sentiment of
California Republicans and be more potent to
advance the interests of our great State gener
ally. The rank and file of the party are in
favor of sending unpledged delegates, and the
wishes of the majority should receive candid
attention from the perhaps more powerful
minority.
Every true Californian must necessarily see
the importance attaching to tnis question and
must, ■with equal necessity, be urgent in his
advocacy of sending unpledged delegates.
Looked at from a partisan standpoint no good
Republican can fail to observe the fact that
only an unpledged delegation can truly repre
sent all Republicans of California, "because a
delegation pledged to a particular candidate
would be antagonistic to all others and the
great mass of the voters of the party in this
State are not opposed to any one of the illus
trious leaders who have been named as candi
dates for the Presidency."
The injustice of sending delegates pledged to
one candidate will be readily understood when
it is understood that should either Allison,
Cullom, McKinley, Morton, Reed or any other
aspirant be nominated the Republicans of Cali
fornia will loyally and enthusiastically stand
by the nominee. Hence, to put delegates (by
sending them pledged to one man) in an atti
tude of arbitrarily opposing any man who is
likely to be nominated would be a most short
sighted and impolitic proceeding.
Let the delegates go to St. Louis as free men,
unpledged ard unshackled, and the very best
results will follow.
LOVE ON THE ROAD.
In an' out of season
Love is on the way;
Will he give a reason?
Kay, good lovers, nay!
Stays he for the rarest
Hoae around his feet?
Nay ! to love, niy dearest,
Kvery rose is sweet.
Cares he for the bending
Of a sky of blue 7
Love with art unending
Fashions worlds auew!
Let him lure and lead ttaee—
Master he and knave !
Haply he may need thee
For his prince or slave.
Frank L. Staston In Atlanta Constitution.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Lord Rosebery is considered one of the hand
somest men in England. "Yon cannot make a
caricature of Rosebery," remarked an English
cartoonist recently. "His features are too
regular."
Prime Minister Salisbury is a direct, ponder
ous and earnest speaker. He never attempts
oratorical flights. He weighs nearly as much
as President Cleveland and wears as large a
hat as "Tom" Reed.
General Saussier, military governor of Paris,
who, in case of war, would act as commander
in-chief of the French army, though he has
reached the age limit, has been continued in
office by the Ministry for three years longer.
Crawford Marley, who has just died in New
Zealand at the age ot 83, is believed to have
been the last survivor of those who haa a ride
on Stephenson's No. 1 engine when the Stock
ton and Darlington Railway was first opened.
General Joe Shelby, United States Marshal
for the western district of Missouri, is busily
engaged now in accumulating material for a
book on his personal experiences and cam
paigns. He was one of the most picturesque
and dashing commanders of the Confederate
armies.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Twynn— l suppose you never heard of the
Keeley motor?
Triplett— What makes you suppose that?
Twynn— You are so fond of remarking
"everything goes."— Detroit Free Press.
Mrs. Dogood— lt seems strange to encounter a
beggar In a strong, healthy man like you.
Dusty Rhodes— l tried being blind, and sick,
and one-legged ; but if was more trouble than
it came to. — Puck.
Maud— Mr. Blarney paid me quite a compli
ment the other evening. He said I had arms
like the Venus of Milo.
Ethel— l suppose he meant they were out of
sight.— Harper's Bazar.
Mistress— That young man who called to see
you last night, Jane, stayed very late.
Jane— lt was my brother, mum.
"But, Jane, I have noticed thirty-seven dif
ferent men in your company within the last
two years, and each one, you said, was your
brother.
"Yes, mum; poor folks alters have large fam
ilies, mum."— New York Weekly-
Browne— That's a good detective story, Isn't
it?
Why te— Well, it's interesting, but it isn't true
to life.
Browne— Why not?
White— Well, for one thing, the detective
finds the criminal.— Soiuerville Journal,
PERSONAL.
Captain W. A. Neviili of Sonora is at the
Palace.
H. H. Knapp of Napa is visiting friends in
this City.
J. Marks, a merchant of Stockton, is at the
Cosmopolitan.
B. F. Nouce. a merchant of Pomona, is at the
Grand. He came up on a business trip.
Ex-Superior Judge Charles F. Lott of Butte
County was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Lick.
General N. P. Chipman, chairman of the
State Board of Trade, is In town, a guest at the
Palace Hotel.
W. S. Bury, an extensive farmer and orange
grower of Lindsey, Tulare County, is at the
Cosmopolitan.
E. Carl Bank, superintendent of the State
Industrial School at lone, Amador County, is
at the Grand Hotel.
Editor Lee Fairchild of St. Helena stopped
work on his weekly long enough yesterday to
get to the City. He is at the Lick.
H. Watson Webb, atone time Justice of the
Peace of San Francisco, but lately of Seattle,
Wash., arrived on the Walla Walla yesterday
and is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
J. N. Hiller, a prominent Democrat of Santa
Barbara and his commandery's delegate to tne
Grand Commandery of the Knights of Pythias,
to be held here this week, is at the Grand. Mr.
Hiller is an ex- Councilman of Santa Barbara.
Mrs. Addison Ballard, wife of Alderman Bal
lard of Chicago, who has been on a visit 10
Southern California for some time, arrived
here last evening, accompanied by Miss Judith
Ridgeway Todd of Santa Rosa. They are at the
Grand.
The Rev. George K. Irie and the Rev. Y.
Honda, missionaries of Japan, and Professor E.
Asada of the Anglo-Japan College at Tokio, left
here last night for the East to attend the Gen
eral Conference of the Methodist Episcopal
church.
R. C. Sargent, the millionaire, of Stockton is
on a visit here. Mr. Sargent is an extensive
land-owner and a large wheat-grower. He also
owns much property in Stockton and is inter
ested in many enterprises. His visit will only
be for a day or two.
A. L. Piper, of Piper, Aden, Goodall & Co.,
the steamship owners, has gone to Stockton to
take a look over the Valley road prior to start
ing work on the Santa Clara Railroad from
Alviso through the Santa Clara Valley. He has
just received between 8000 and 9000 tons of
rails for the road.
J. B. Overton, superintendent of the Virginia
City and Gold Hill Water Works in the fam
ous Comstock district, Nevada, is at the Russ.
Mr. Overton is one of the pioneers of Virginia
City and has held different positions of trust
during his long residence there. He is here
partly for business and partly for pleasure.
I. C. Steele, the creamery king of Pasadena,
who owns large areas of land on which graze
many bands of cattle, is at the Russ. Mr.
Steele has been running dairies and making
butter in large quantities for many years. Ow
ing to the heavy fogs along the beach the
grass is very heavy at almost every season of
the. year, so that it Is a great milk and butter
country. Mr. Steele's son, G. 11. Steele, is with
him.
Senator S. R. Buford of the old and famous
gold camp of Virginia City, Mont., is in the
City. He has been on a visit to Southern Cali
fornia. Years ago Senator Buford was exten
sively engaged in freighting goods to different
Montana mining camps. He is now engaged
in banking and in growing cattle and sheep.
He is one of the rich, solid men of the new
commonwealth. Senator Buford has had rheu
matism In his shoulders and came here to get
it out. He says he has been much benefited by
the change.
Postmaster P. B. Buckman of Bodie, who has
been a resident of Mono County since 1879,
and followed many occupations, is in the City.
He has mined a good deal, but for several
years past has been the projector of a general
merchandizing business. Mr. Buckman was ap
pointed Postmaster by President Cleveland
three years ago. He is here as a delegate to
the meeting of the Grand Lodge of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellows. Mr. Buckman
says Bodie is unusually lively, and that the
cyanide process is doing a great deal for that
high camp in the Sierras.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 21.— At the Grand
Union, H. Arkell; Astor, B. J. Techan; St.
Cloud, W. Kennedy.
LADY'S WAIST.
A charmingly simple waist is shown here. It
is one of those useful waists that look well per
fectly plain and are yet susceptible of elabora
tion in any dress. To make a meager wardrobe
seem extensive it is appreciated by every
woman, for if made of fancy silk it may be
varied indefinitely by simple devices of ribbon,
lace, net, etc., with slight expense. The revers
finish f re , a no l el * dea . bein ? a naif-yard
ih« g onii B « impl^ gathered at on end. Placed at
thL or r and . extending toward the sleeve
they are equally attractive.
hon pf^ht ? d llin g trim nHng Is a piece of rib
?S?oi* g «L inches lone and four or five wide
Placed along the shoulder from the collar ana
a rnffl« ,$ Xi el \ the , Ye - This is edged with
a ruffle of black net, lace or chiffon? Fancy
t*? 0 Z" c ost ÜB . ed ' and • ; folded collar of
cornS Sg^tfi 1 ?! 11161118 .^ in tb * back
Large collars of batiste in plain color maka a
cool-looking waist These we fliffid™ tth I
ribbon collar, or a collar to match the waist
with turnover collar of the batiste
Fichues of net, chiffon, liberty silk etc are
dainty and dressy. y • ci •' are
OCEAN TOWAGE.
The Standard Oil Company is about to at
tempt towing from Philadelphia to Europe one
of the schooner-rigged tank-barges, caDacitv
15,000 barrels, which have been for some
time in service between that port and Maine
Modern devices for regulating the strain on
tow-hawsers make it possible now to under
take, with reasonable prospect of success an
operation that would have been risky a few
years ago. In the event of a hawser's parting
these tank-schooners are competent to take
care of themselves under their own sail. The
interesting incident has suggested to some of
our Philadelphia contemporaries the hasty
conclusion that it marks the final endine of
the sailing-ship. *
The only long voyages worth speaking of In
which sail still holds its own are round the
Horn and the Cape and across the Pacific On
the first two towage is not to be thought of If
however, It should effect any marked economy
In transportation it may become of importance
on the Pacific. About the only market now
left in which American cotton and American
oil can looi for increased sale is in the Farthest
East. As soon as the Tehuantepec Railroad
and its terminal harbor shall be prepared to
receive trade on the scale contemplated the
Pacific offers a field for any style of barge
transportation that may by that time have
justified its existence.
There is no doubt that the barge and tow
will come into freer use in time, especially
upon the coasts of calms. But it is also to be
observed that those coasts pertain for the most
part to sections of the earth having but small
trade of any sort and where time is not worth
much to the inhabitants. The nearer the line
the slower man and things chance. For the
time being it is quite enough to view the pro
posed trans-Atlantic tow for what it is in itself
without reference to its remoter influence
upon ships except as this may come to connect
itself with isthmus transit. Successful now,
we may expect to see tows next proceeding up
the Mediterranean and through the Suez
canal. In a direct way they will encroach but
slightly on the limited field now left to sailing
ships.— New York Evening Sun.
STRANGE GROWTH OF A HEDGE.
On Bush street, near Mason, there is a hedge
of privet that has attained a most unusual and
remarkable irowth. It is on the top of an old
stonewall that supports the garden in front of
a row of residences that are at least thirty feet
above the sidewalk. It is these that have fur
nished the conditions that hav° caused the
hedge to attain its present unusual growth.
The hedge was planted a number of years
ago, and for a long time it was trimmed and
made to present a cultivated appearance, but
as the residences grew old and were occupied
by a poorer class of tenants it was gradually
neglected, until it received no attention at all.
As it is at present there 1b nothing beautiful
about it. It cannot even be considered artistic,
because it is in such bad proportion to the
stone wall that it really presents a grotesque
appearance.
The top of the stone wall where the hedge
was originally planted is about nine feet above
the sidewalk and entrance to the yards above
is through a couple of stair gateways. The
hedge has attained a growth above the wall of
about ten feet. .Being left to itself it also grew
in a horizontal direction and now reaches over
Remarkable Growth of a Privet Hedge
on Bush Street.
[From a sketch.]
the sidewalk for a distance of eight feet at the
widest point. There is no place where it does
not extend at least six feet, except at the sides,
where it slopes back to the wall. To enter the
gate is like going through a tunnel. As the
hedge grew outward it increased in weight and
bent downward so that at the outside edge it
is hardly five feet above the sidewalk and
pedestrians are compelled to bow their heads
in order to pass beneath it. The whole under
portion of the hedge is a mass of dead
branches.
That portion of the hedge that is within the
yard has not extended in a horizontal direc
tion at all, and in that fact is the solution of
the unusual growth of the other portion of it.
The hedge is on the north side of Bush street,
and the yard behind it rises at a rather steep
angle. As a consequence, the outside <of the
hedge gets all the nu: .shine and also there
fleeted heat from the sidewalk. The other side
is, of course, in shadow and at the same time
shades the yard beside it making the spot very
cold. The young leaves naturally turn toward
the warmth and cause the hedge to grow all on
one side. If the yard behind the hedge was
level that portion of it that the sun could
reach would be warmed and diffuse its heat
among the leaves, but as things are it is so high
that it does no gooa. Two years ago when the
hedge was much smaller it presented an artis
tic appearance, but at present it can only be
looked upon as an obstruction to the sidewalk.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Hawaiian Islands— J. S. R.,San Lorenzo,
Cal. The population of the Hawaiian Islands
is 89,990, that of Honolulu is 22,907.
In the Navy— J. H., City. There is a pro
vision of the law regulating the navy of the
United States that, like the army, enables an
enlisted man to buy his way out after having
served a certain time. A musician in the
army is paid $32 a month.
Army, Navy and Guard— Subscriber, and Leo
City. The strength of the army of United States,
officers and enlisted men, is 27,"532; that of
the navy, including officers, men and marines,
is 13,460. The National Guard numbers 115,-
OCU and the naval militia 2695.
Sybil Sanderson— J. A. X., City. Miss Sybil
Sanderson, opera-singer, daughter of the late
Judge S, \V. Sanderson, Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the State of California, was
born in the city of Sacramento in 1865, that is
according to one authority; according to an
other she was born in that city in 1809.
A Receipt— J. G., City. If you pay a debt on
Sunday or any other day and are afraid of the
party you pay the money to, you should al
ways have a witness, for while a receipt is evi
dence of a payment, it is not always conclusive
proof. It is, as a rule, accepted as evidence of
payment unless the creditor gives evidence to
the contrary.
The Dahlia— S. J. W., City. The dahlia is a
native of Mexico. It was taken to Europe by a
Swedish botanist named Dabl in 1789, and
was named for him. The flower was first
shown in Madrid, Spain, and in 1804 it was
taken to England and cultivated in the French
garden, Holland House, Kensington, but it
was not until 1834 that it became well known
iv English flower gardens.
Vladivostok— E. M., City. The most direct
route from this City to Vladivostock, Siberia,
the terminus of the great Siberian railway, is
via Yokohama and the Japan Sea. The cli
mate of tnat place is not unpleasant nor rigor
ous. This department is unable to furnish the
information desired as to the cost of reaching
that point from San Francisco.
The Milk Business— J. a., Andrews Island,
Cal. Any one wishing to establish a milk
depot in San Francisco must first obtain a per
mit from the Board of Health. For this permit
there is no charge. To procure such a permit
the applicant shall present to the Board of
Health a written application, which must con
tain the name and business and residence ad
dress of the applicant, the source or sources
from which the applicant will obtain supplies
of milk, the number of cows in the possession
of the applicant, if aiiy, the average quantity
of milk procured and the average quantity dis
posed of by the applicant and tne manner and
character of such disposition, the application
to be made on printed blanks furnished by the
board. The application must also state the
specific brand or business name, if any, under
which the milk is to oe soid, exchanged or dis
tributed. If the party wno wishes to establish
a milk depot handles only milk produced by
his own cows he need not procure a license,
but if he handles milk produced by others he
must obtain a license from the License Col
lector and pay quarterly a license in accord
ance with the amount ot business done.
Rabies— Subscriber, Sheep Ranch, Calaveras
County, Cal. There was for a long time a dis
pute among some of the best authorities
whether rabies be occasionally spontaneous in
the carnivora — the only animals in which it is
undoubtedly inherent, or communicated
solely by inoculation. Pasteur, the French
chemist, reached the conclusion that rabies is
a disease that is transmissible from one animal
to another by inoculation of the latter with
tnose various secretions and tissues of the
affected animal in which the virus of rebies
exists. According to Pasteur the virus is a
living organism. He found that it exisis in
the nervous system and in the saliva, but not
in the blood, lymph, etc., hence inoculation
into the blood does not convey rabies. But
tnere is a sure means of communication, and
If you want a sure reiief for -vuns in the back, side, chest
limbs, use an
Allcock's K££
Bear in MiND-Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita-
tions is as good as the genuine. m«*i*p
that is by introduction under the dura mater
on the surface of the brain of a liquid first
sterilized in which a portion of the central
nervous system of a rabid animnl has been
soaked. Rabies is infallibly produced in this
way, unless the animal under experiment is
reiractory to the disease.
Tattooing— G. M. C, Alameda, CaL The term
tattooing is of Polynesian origin, and is said to
be derived from a verb, ta, to strike. The cus
tom was universal in the South Sea islands
until Christianity and civilization put a stop
to the piactice. The tattooing instrument of
the islanders is of Done toothed on the edge.
These points are dipped in a mixture of pow
dered charcoal and water laid on the part
of the body on which the marks are to
be made, and the back of the instrument is
struck with a piece of wood, the mixture
forcing itself under the skin. Sailors of the
present day in tattooing use needles stuck in a
cork, which they dip in colored inks, accord
ing to fancy, and drive into the skin of the
victim. The color used by sailors is either red,
blue or yellow, and becomes permanently set
under the skin. When charcoal Is used the
marks ma le show black on a brown skin, but
are blue on the white skin of a European. Tat
tooing is a practice prohibited to the Jews, for
there is in Leviticus xix :28, "Ye shall not make
any cutting in your flesh for the dead, nor print
Rny marks upon you." Tattooing is very pain
ful, and if done in a bungling manner is apt to
produce- serious, and sometimes it does produce
fatal, results. If you have an idea mat you
want to have tattoo-marks put on your body
don't, for if you do you will regret it.
Loco-Foco— D. A., City. The name Loco-foco
was that given by politicians to the radical
branch of the Democratic party (1835-1837) of
the city of New York, though the name was
afterward made National. The name was
given to the New York faction on account of
an incident that occurred in 1835. On the
29th of October in that year, at a meeting held
in Tammany Hall, the Tammany Democrats
wanted to obtain control, but finding them*
selves outnumbered the president retired and
the lights were turned out. The radicals, who
were known as the equal rights men, in an
ticipation of something of the kind provided
themselves with candles and loco-foco
matches, which were then being introduced to
the public. They lighted their candles, went
on with tncir business, and it was from the
fact of using such matches that the name was
given to the radicals or equal rights men. Al
to the origin of the term it is given by Burtlett
In his "Glossary" :
In 1834 John Marck opened a store in Parlc Row
New York, and drew attention to two novelties*
one was champagne, Uruwn like soda water from
a fountain, th(> other a self- Ighting cigar with a
mutch composition at the c ud. These he called
loco-foco cigars. The method of getting at the
name is obvious. The word locomotive was theu
rather new as applied to an engine on a ruilrowl,
and the common notion was that it meant self
moving, hence, as these cUars were self-firing, thi«
queer name was coined. His patent for self-light
ing cigars bears date of April 18, 1834.
Strangers, take home Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c Ib. (J27 Market, Palace Hotel*
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
"Jecques, how is it you never bring any good
marks home from school?"
"Oh, papa, there are such a lot of us, that
when my turn comes there are none left."—
Paris Famille.
Growth in knowledge is the only cure for self
conceit. Faith in Hood's Sarsaparilla is a sure cure
for indigestion, loss of appetite and that tired
feeling so prevalent in the spring.
Important Change or Time.— The 12th lnst.
the Northern Pacific Kailroad inaugurated adonbls
daily passenger service between Portland and St.
Paul, making a saving of ten Lours between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were run out of the Pa
cific Xorthwest. The superior accommodations ia
our passenger equipment recommend our line to
all. Ours is the only line that runs dining-cars ouE
of Portland. T. K. STATELER, general agent,
638 Market street. San Francisco.
"Mrs. "Winslow'g Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect •ac
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sure and aalc
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. iisc a bottla.
Coroxado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon fui'tner north. .Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel dal
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 >ew Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Tommy — Paw, isn't man the lord of creation?
Mr. Figg— Most of the time; but not when
housecleaning is going on. No.— lndianapolii
JournaL
NEW TO-DAY.
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES!
Money-Saving Dishes.
So MONEY SAVERS.
Water Goblets, Garden Trowels. Porcelain
Cream Pitchers, Porcelain Custard
Cups, Porcelain Oatmeal Bowls, Pickle
Dishe?, Oval Sauc* Dish, Decorated
Plates, Bread Pans, Yellow Bowls, 5a
each or 6 for 25c.
100 MONEY SAVERS.
Butter Dish, . Sugar Bowls, Meat Dishes,
Berry Dishes. Bake Pans, Decorated
Mustard Pots, Vegetable Dishes, Fry
Pans, Fancy Spoon Trays, Hose Bowls,
10c each, or 3 for 25c.
ISO MONEY SAVERS.
Decorated Salad Dish, Decorated Oyster
Bowls, Yellow Mixing Bowls, Decor-
ated China Mugs, Oil Bottles, Bread
Knives, Celery Trays, Nickel Trays
(13-inch), Fancy Casseroles, 15c each,
or 2 for 25c. Two Bouquet Holders, 15c
DINNER SETS.
Money-Saving Prices, D . r as-.
60 pcs "White Crockery ; $3 65
30 pcs Semi- Porcelain, white 4 25
60 pcs Azalea Light Brown Decora-
tions. 4 85
60 pcs Harvest Pencil Decorations.... 5 00
60 pcs Gold Spray Decorations 5 85
60 pcs Gold Illuminated Decoration... 650
Above sets are all newest shapes and
decorations, complete for six persons.
Great American Importing Tea Co.'s
1344 Market St.. S. P.
Jnmn =t^T3r 965 Market St., S. P.
B§j7^«Bs»'> 140 sixth St., S. F.
BWbHBMC? ■ 617 Kearny St.. 5. P.
§P'^ m^ ms 1419 Polk .St., 5. F.
521 Montgomery aye., S. PL
•■Aiimi 333 Hayes St.. 3. F.
MONEY- 146 Ninth st 5 P -
ITIUni. I 218 Third St., S. F.
#■ ...■ma 2008 Fillmore St., S. P.
SuVINR 2510 Mission St.. S. F.
CM! IHU 3006 sixteenth st., S. P.
- nnrn 104 Second St., 5. P.
STORES ■ 3259 Mission St., S. P.
O I UllkW ■ s2 Market st . ( s# F#
.«&».,—■ =S=a 917 Broadway, Oakland.
B^Lsgger^T^ 1053 Washington st., Oak'd.
gMMeHCp 131 San Pablo aye., Oak I'd
pj™"* 016 E. Twelfth st., Oakland.
1355 Park st. Alameda.
inPORTINQ FOR AND OPERATING
100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SAVE YOU MONEY. ':
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.WE DXKSHAY APRIL 22, 1696
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Tufatj-.k.— " Priuct Karl."
California Tbeatkk— Politician."
(PiriißiA Theater— "A Pair of Kids."
JJoeorco's Cpera-Kocbe— "Special Delivery."
1 ivoi.i Oi-KKA-JlorsK.— "Blue Beard.'
i ) : hum.- High-Class Vaudeville.
Orovkr's AicA7Aß.— "Everybody's Friend"
and "The Settles Sun.."
Mechanics' Pavilion— Knights Templar drill,
rlvi-n in aW of the Mhsonic Widows' and Orphans
Home. Saturday evening, April 25.
Mark Hopkins' Institute of Art.— Spring
exhibition of Paintings.
SrTRo Conky IsLANri — Musicians and
Jugglers.
Shoot the Chutes— Daily at Haight street, one
block east of the Park.
1 *\ liUTßicr Tkack.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. BrTTERFiELP — This day
(Wednesday), Furniture, at till Taylor St., at 11
o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Hfkpockets are at work in the crowds at the
ocean beach.
James I>. Thelan is suing ex-Judge D. J.
Twohy for £7;j unpaid rent for offices.
The Grand Lodge of the Royal Arch Masons
elected officers at its session yesterday after
noon.
Knights and Ladies of Honor commenced
the annual session at Alcazar building yes
terday.
Joseph Fagan, who was Injured by a South
ern Pacific train and had both legs amputated,
died yesterday.
Chinese gamblers have incorporated their
Joints as clubs, and enjoy iminunitv from
police intrusion.
Lost Girl, Marjorie. Tar and Tartar, Brandy,
Comrade, Paros and Summertime were the win
ners at Bay District yesterday.
George W. Hawley, an upholsterer, has filed
a petition in insolvency. He owes $2026 50
and he has practically no assets.
"Probably showers to-night and Wednesday
forenoon" — weather prediction issued last
night by Forecast Official W. H. Hammon.
Three youns burglars were caught by Deputy
Sheriff Fred Desirello stealing tinned" meat in
South San Francisco early yesterday morning.
Politicians are expressing strong opinions in
favor of State delegntes to the National conven
tion not being pledged to support any candi
date.
Walter Forsyth, who was charged by his
mother-in-law, Mrs. Connama, with vagrancy,
had his case dismissed by Judge Joacnimsen
yesterday.
The Street Railway Association of California
held its annual meeting in Maple hall, Palace
Hotel, yesterday. Several technical papers
wire read.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion has heartily indorsed the Frye bill for the
creation of a Department of Commerce and
M an v fact me.
W. H. Palmer, a miner from Alaska, was
robbed by a woman on the Barbary Coast Mon
day night and yesterday swore out a warrant
for her arrest.
George \V. Simpson, 612 Shrader street, who
wms UiM/harsed by the Insanity Commissioners
Monday, will bring the matter of his arrest
beiore the Grand Jury.
Richard H. McDonald Jr. says that owing to
the illness of his wife he will not embark in
business for the present, but will look to hia
fatht-r lor immediate aid.
The fruit commission merchants predict
groat loss to the fruit industry of the State by
o; the recent severe frosts. Some crops
will prove a total failure.
The charges against '\Vong Sam of unlawfully
landing a Chinese girl tor immoral purposes at
this pert were inquired Into by the United
States Grand Jury yesterday.
Phillip Seldner, doing business under the
firm name of Phil Seldner & Co., has failed for
.. His assets .ire worth $U450. Seldner
kept a furnishing good? store.
The question of irrigation for the develop
ment of iruii in this State *v ablj- and ex
haustively discussed yesterday by the mem
bers of the State Board of Trade.
The Chamber of Commerce met yesterday
and considered ;o:n. important questions, in
cluding the extension of the belt railroad to a
counection with the Southern Pacitic line.
K. N. Williams, owner of placer property in
the Gold } I i 1 1 uistrict, Oregon, has arrived here
witli a flattering report of the district's rich
ness. H> says litKHJ men are working there.
w. ( . ( ollin, an expressman, livine at Twen
ty-fourth and Church streets, fell off his wagon
at Market and Third streets pester lay morning
and was badly bruiseii about the face and
hands.
The $10,000 accident policy on the life of A.
Page Brown has not yet been paid on account
of a proviso that the policy shall lapse when
death does not occur withiu ninety' days after
the injury.
The California Grand Commandery will
meet iv aunual Eession here Thursday. A
prominent feature of the session will be the
reception by California Commandery No. 1 of
Sai. Francisco.
Andrew Carrolton, a )aborer, living at 1408
Mission street, while at work on St. Bridget's
Church yesterday morning, slipped and fell a
distance of sixteen feet and escaped with a
contused back.
The trial of Miss Fannie Soule, a teacher of
the Potrero Primary School, charged with
treatir.g scholars with more than necessary
severity, was begun before the Board of Educa
tion last evening.
Mrs. Emily Grace Hill, wife of John Thomas
Hill, musical director of the DeWolf-Hopper
Company, has filed an answer and cross-com
plaint to' her husband's suit for divorce. She
charges infidelity.
One of the measures adopted by the Trans
continental Traffic Association at its recent
meeting at Milwaukee w«s to increase the
differentials between carload and less than
carload shipments.
Delmas & Shortndge yesterday filed their
answer to Van R. Paterson's opposition to the
probate of the Fair will of the 21st, in which
Paterson's standing i 6 assented to and the con
test clearly defined.
A motion for judgment on the pleadings in
the suit of the City Street Improvement Com
pany against Mayor Sutro, to have him com
pelled to sign street-improvement bonds, has
been granted by Judge Troutt.
Ernest Weber, a butcher, aged 65 years, and
Christopher Helm, aged 56 years, committed
suicide by hanging yesterday. Weber feared
impending poverty and the other was tired of
life by reason of a protracted illness.
The intercollegiate championship field day
at the Olympic grounds next Saturday prom
ises to be the closest contest the two unfverities
have ever had on the track, but it is conceded
that the Berkeley team still has the advan
tage.
The steam-schooner Point Arena that went
ashore at Point Arena arrived off the GoMen
Gate in tow of the South Coast yesterday
Captain Hansen decided not to attempt to
come in, but live of the men came ashore on
the tug Alert.
Louise M. Reddan is suing the California
street Cable Railway for -f 50,000 damages for
personal injuries sustained by the sudden
starting of a car. She was thrown against the
end of the car and was badly hurt. The acci
dent happened last February.
The Grand Jury, as a consequence of its re
cent visit to the City and County Hospital and
Alinshouse, has sent a communication to the
Board of Health indorsing Superintendent
Weaver of the latter institution and censuring i
the management of the former.
NEW TO-DAY.
jHAMiOO
A warm shampoo with Cuticcra Soap,
followed by gentle applications of Ctm-
ctjka (ointment), the great skin cure, will
clear the scalp of crusts, scales, and
dandruff, allay itching, soothe irritation,
stimulate the hair follicles, and produco
a clean, healthy scalp and luxuriant hair,
when all else fails.
Sold throughout the world. Frlce. CrmccßA, *oe.|
Soap. Sic : KEsoLvnirr. SOe. and tl. Portia Dkuo
mil Ciikw. (('Ei'.. Role Props., Botton.
Mr " How to Produce Luxuriant Hur," mailed fna.
WRECK OF THE
POINT ARENA.
She Went Ashore at Point
Arena, but Was Pulled
Off.
THE ENTIRE CREW SAVED
Her Wheel Got Foul of the
Steamer Whitesboi o's Moor
ing Line.
THEN SHE DRIFTED ASHORE.
After Being Hauled Off She Was
Towed to This Port by the
South Coast.
A long pull, a strong pull and a pull
altogether was what saved the steam
schooner Point Arena. After going ashore
and having a hole punched in her side she
The Steam-Schooners South Coast and Point Arena as They Appeared When Starting on Their Voyage to San Francisco. The Point
Arena Is Still Considered Safe and Has Her Crew Aboard.
\From a sketch made by Chief Steward P. P. Page of the Point Arena.]
was pulled off by the steamer Whiteaboro,
and afterward the South Coast picked her
up and finally landed her in San Fran
cisco.
The Point Arena was on her beam ends,
her engines having apparently flatted,
but otherwise she was in good condition.
The crew and owners of the South Coaet
will make considerable money out of the
salvage.
The Point Arena left San Francisco on
the 16th inst. and reached her destination
last Saturday. The passengers and cargo '
were landed and then a btart was made I
for other ports. In passing out the Point i
Arena's wheel caught in the mooring line i
of the steam schooner Whites boro and she \
became disabled. The latter vessel swung
around with the tide, but having steam up
was able to go to the assistance of the i
Point Arena when she drifted on the rocks. ;
The rope in her wheel disabled the Point i
Arena, ard the captain and crew could do
nothing but stand idly by and watc;» her j
drift ashore. Some sail was set, but it had !
no effect, and the vessel struck on the
north shoal.
The Whitesboro then went to her assist
ance and took off the crew and what pas
sengers that were aboard. Later the South
Coast towed tue steamer off and the crew
returned to her. At that time it was
thought that she could be towed to San
Francisco with the crew aboard, but iater
it was found that the project was imprac
ticable.
When a few miles off shore she turned ;
over on her side, und the men had a narrow j
escape for their lives.
As it was, some of them lost their cloth- j
ing and others only secured what things i
were thrown out the staterooms in which
they had stored them bApre the steamer
went on her beam ends.
With the masts in the water and the en
gines shifted the Point Arena was a heavy
drag and, in consequence, the progress
was very slow.
Three knots an hour was the average
and when off Point Lobos the steam- |
schooner and her tow were not making
two knots. The tug Fearless was sent out,
but Captain Hansen refused assistance.
Five of the crew, however, of the Point |
Arena took passage on tue tug and came
back to the City. The South Coast was
then making for the south channel and j
she finally succeeded in getting into port
this morning.
Among those who came on the Alert
were P. P. Page and Robert Porter. Page
was the steward on the ill-fated steamer, j
but he is also somewhat of an artist.
The sketches in to-day's Call are from
I drawings made by him when he was on
i the South Coast and on his way to San !
j Francisco.
When the Point Arena went on her side \
Page was in one of the staterooms and he
barely escaped with his life. The crew—
eighteen all told— got into the two life- !
boats and succeeded in reaching the South |
(Joust.
"Some of us hnd a narrow escape," said j
Steward Page yesterday. "The steamer i
was apparently buoyant when we started
for San Francisco, and when she went ■
over on her beam ends we were all more or !
less surprised. Of course, we knew that i
the vessel was damaged when she struck
on tlie rocks, but still we thought her in a j
safe enough condition to tow to San Fran- ;
Cisco. Captain Johnson was of that opin- i
ion, and a better sailor never stepped in j
shoe leather, so we took his word /or it. I
The Point Arena must have been hurt \
worse than we calculated on, or else she
would never have turned over on her side
the way she did."
Robert Porter is the man who came near
losing his clothes in the accident. "The |
Point Arena kept listing more and more," {
said he, "but when she went over on her I
side we were all taken unawares. My
clothes' were in a heap and were scattered
into the water. I managed to recover
them after we g it into the lifeboat, and i
that is how I happen to have more than j
the rest of my shipmates.
"Catitain Hansen of the South Coast
bung onto the Point Arena, but he had a
man at the hawser all the time, ready to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1596.
cut away if the overturned vessel showed
any signs of going down. We were
well treated on the South Coast, and as we
had sent a considerable portion of our
provisions on board of her we had plenty
to eat. I think the Point Arena will be
fixed up arid in running order again in a
few weeks. Her engines are all right, and
once she is righted it will not taKe long to
patch up the hull and pump her out.
Then she will be docked and repaired at
once."
The wrecker Whitelaw is now ready to
go into commission, and her first work
will be the righting of the Point Arena.
The half-sunken steamer will be towed to
the Mission mudflats and there put on an
even keel. If the engines have shifted the
task will be a hard one, but if not the
work ought to be accomplished in a day.
HE IS NOT INSANE.
George XV. Simpson Will Brine the
Matter of His Arrest Before the-
Grand Jury.
George W. Simpson, locksmith, 612
Shrader street, who was arrested Saturday
for insanity, and discharged by the Insan
ity Commissioners Monday, is determined
to have satisfaction from his persecutors.
Louis Helbing, a neighbor, who swore to
the complaint charging Simpson with in
sanity, is the man he is particularly
anxious to punish.
Simpson called at the Receiving Hospi
tal yesterday to get the names of the sur
geons and others who saw him and con
versed with him Saturday after his arrest.
'I found it would be useles3 for me,"
said Simpson, "to bring a suit against
Helbing for damages for false arrest, as
there were too many judgments against
him. So I consulted Judge Slack, who
was kind enough to release me on Satur
day, and he advised me to consult District
Attorney Barnes as to bringing the matter
before the Grand Jury.
"I saw Mr. Barnes, and he asked me to
The Point Arena as She Appeared When Going Over on Her Beam Ends. The
Crew Is Shown Escaping to the South Coast in a Lifeboat.
{From a sketch drawn by Chief Steward P. P. Page of the Point Arena.]
get the names of all the witnesses I could,
so I have sent him in the names of the
Insanity Commissioners, and will give him
the names of the surgeons and others.
"They have not pulled my house down
yet and have not molested me since Satur
day, but I don't know how soon it may be
before they begin to annoy and persecute
me again, and 1 want it stopped."
FOR HOME INDUSTRY.
I Bakersfield la Falling Into Line With
the Manufacturers' Association.
At a meeting of the directors of the
| Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion yesterday, Manager Tacy reported
the result of a visit he and Director Mc-
Glynn made to Bakersfield where they
went to establish a Home Product Club.
In his report Mr. Tacy said:
We held a, very satisfactory meeting which
was addressed by several prominent citizens of
Baker.'fleld as well as your committee; quite a
number of persons signed the pledge 10 give
1 preference to articles of California production
I ana considerable interest was shown in the
i subject of patronizing home industries. Inas
much as Bakersfield has no commc rcinl organ
ization of any kind, it was thought that a ciub
| organized solely on the plans we submitted
for a Home Product Club would not be
: broad enough to cover all the work of develop
-1 ing Kern County that they had in contempla
tion, therefore a special committee was ap
pointed to consider the proposition we sub
mitted and to make such suggestions and
I alterations as were deemed necessary to suit
i their conditions. This committee will report
at a general meeting of the citizens to be held
[ to-day, at which time we expect they will com
plete the organization of a club or league
which, while it may not be called a Home
; Product Club, will encompass all the work we
I had intended for sucn clubs, and will largely
| interest the people of Kern County in the work
! of this association.
'< The special committee to confer with the
j Mechanics' Institute relative to holding a
' big home industry fair next fall told of the
! progress made at the last committee cou
- ference. The progress made was satis-
I factory to the board, who will wait until
J the conference is ended before taking
definite action in the premises.
Josselyn Held for Trial.
Lockwood H. Josselyn, charged with open
ing letters addressed to Mrs. A. D. Howe, was
held for trial by United States Commissioner
Hcacock yesterday. Bail was fixed at $500.
The Bermudas depend for their pros
perity on the vegetable crop. Onions,
potatoes an' l tomatoes comprise almost
the entire production of the islands and
give employment to tne greater p-oportion
of the inhabitants, enabling them to live
comfortably on their comparatively small
portions of ground.
THAT GRAND JURY RAID
A Stirring Communication Sent
to the Health Board as a
Result.
ALMSHOTJSE OFFICIALS UPHELD.
The Management of the City and
County Hospital Severely
Censured.
As a result of its investigations into the
management of the City and County Hos
pital and the Aimshouse, as reported ex
clusively in yesterday's Call, tie Grand
Jury has addressed a communication to
the Board of Health on the subject which
will furnish some interesting reading to its
members at its meeting to-day.
The Grand Jury lays particular stress on
the Aimshouse management, commend
ing it in the highest terms and expressing
the opinion that it would be prejudicial to
the best interest.* of the taxpayers of the
City to make any change in the superin
tendency.
The report also stales that the jury
found gross mismanagement at the City
and County Hospital and that a later and
fuller report will be rendered. The com
munication was as follows:
To the Honorable the Board of Health of the City
and County of Fan Francisco— Gentlfmen: We,
the undersigned, by our foreman and secretary.
Grand Jury of rtie City and County of San
Francisco, Impaneled on December 30, 1895,
being informed that certain charges of in
efficiency, extravagance and general unfltness
had been made to your honorable tody against
the present superintendent of the City and
County Almshouse, hnvemade a very thorough
investigation of the said Almshonse, its officers
and inmates through our Almshouse Com
mittee and as a body. Our visit in a body on
the 20th inst. was an entire surprise to the
superintendent, but we found him at his post
and seemingly ready and pleased to assist a
searching examination of his acquaintance
with all the details of his position, his method I
and their results. We found many of the in
mates at their noon meal and had an admir
able opportunity to taste the food and question
the inmates as to their general treatment. Of
all those questioned, and they were many, and
in no case in the hearing or knowledge oj any
official , we found but two grumblers, and they
complained more of the quantity than of the
quality of the food, but in this particular our
investiga.ions led us to believe the comDlaints
without foundation.
Cleanliness and neatness that would b3
almost unusual in many well-conducted pri
vate houses were apparent on all sides, and
even the .stables and all their surroundings,
naturally difficult to keep neat and clean, were
in admirable order. We found the superin
tendent thoroughly conversant with every
thing coming to the place in the form of sup
piios, prices and qualities, and everything
goini? on within it. We could find no sign-; of
religious intolerance, in f«ct the chapel so far
as visible siens are concerned might have
been either Protestant or Catholic.
We found a most friendly feeling existing,
both toward the superintendent and his wife,
which would indicate that personal rolutions
between the officers and t ho inmates were not
those of oppressor and oppressed.
We believe it prejudicial to the interests of
the taxpayers and the welfare of the unfortu
nates subsisting on their bounty that changi-s
should ba made in au office where experience
is an important factor, without potent reasons
reflecting directly on the character and man
agement of the incumbent.
We further desire to call your attention to
the fact that we on the same day visited the
City and County Hospital and found a general
mismanagement in the premises, on which we
will make a report later, and make such sug
gestions as will in our opinion be to the best
interests of the unfortunates confined therein
and the Interest of the taxpayer.
We further beg of your honorable board to
co-operate with us. Respectfully submitted,
Frank Maskey (Foreman).
F. P. M. Lennan (Secretary).
THE GRAND JURY.
Another Special Meeting Yester-
day— A Surprise for the
Members.
The Grand Jury, which adjourned Mon
day night at 11 o'clock, met O£aiu yesterday
afternoon and resumed consideration of
Almshouse and hospital affairs. The
members of the jury who had surprised
the officials of the Almshouse and hospi
tal by an unexpected visit Monday were
themselves surprised to rind iv The Call
of yesterday morning a full account of
their raid, and an accurate synopsis of
their report which they had prepared for
transmission to the Board of Health.
The jury was not in session longer than
one hour. The report which was fully dis
cussed the previous evening was adopted
with a few slight changes of phraseology.
The case of Superintendent Ashworth
was not taken up yesterday, as the com
mittee to whom the accusation waa re
ferred has not yet submitted a report.
Horace D. Dunn, expert of the Grand
Jury, is making a thorough investigation in
one of the departments of the municipal
government. He has not yet visited the
Assessor's office in his capacity as expert.
MISS SOULE'S TRIAL.
Witnesses Heard at a Sleeting of the
Buard of Education Last
Evening.
The investigation of the charges against
Miss Fannie Soule, the teacher of the
Potrero Primary School who is charged
with treating pupils with more than neces
sary severity, was taken up by the Board
of Education last evening and a number
of witne^sea examined in regard to the
matter.
Three pupils of the school testified that
Miss Soule had roughly used Emma Blake
Jor a trifling breach of discipline, but
under the questioning of Attorney High
ton, who represented Miss Soule, their
stories became somewhat conflicting. The
accused teachers' counsel read an affidavit
sworn to by Miss Soule In which she told
of the occurrence in question and denied
that she had used more than necessary
force in taking Miss Blake to her seat
after the latter had started for the princi
pal's office to complain of the treatment
accorded her.
Miss Sou!e was not present on account
of illness and Attorney Highton obtained
a continuance until Wednesday afternoon
next in order to give her a chance to testify
in detail.
THE TIETJENS ESTATE.
A San Francisco Woman Who Will
Claim a Share of That
85,000,000.
Mrs. Matilda Rum pi of this City, whose
mother was a first cousin of Teresa Tiet
jens, the singer, deceased, has begun steps
toward setting up a claim for a share in
the. $5,000,000 estate said to be awaiting
the arrival of heirs in London.
Mrs. Kumpf, through her son. F. J.
Rumpf, yesterday consulted his friend,
Judge Bahrs, as to what to do in the
premises and the Juige consented to cable
the United States Consul at London for
particulars as to the status of the estate,
the amount it is appraised at, the admin
istrator and what heirs have so far re
ported. Mrs. Kumpf is awaiting the reply
with some anxiety.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES.
Opening of the Annual Session of the
Grand L,o»lge of Honor.
The annual session of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor commenced its annual
session yesterday morning at Alcazar
building with the following officers: C. C.
O'Donnell, P. G. P. ; Kemp Van Ec, G. P.
F. ; Miss E. T. Parker, G. V. P.; Mrs. J.
C. Pierson, G. C. ; Mrs. D. J. Kaplin, G. G. ;
Mrs. .fcJ. T. Colom bet, grand guardian, and
that is in the world. I wouldn't ex
change it for any other.
P. J. Joyce, G. S. ; supreme representa
tives, S. "American and T. H. Berkey, with
seventy-five representatives from the vari
ous lodges within ti.e jurisdiction of Cali
fornia.
The total number of contributing mem
bers in the jurisdiction is 1172, there being
a marked increase during the year, as
shown from the secretary's books.
A resolution was offered and defeated
which would make tlie meeting of the
Grand Lodge bi-annual instead of annual,
as is now the law. A similar fate befell a
resolution which was offered to roako San
Francisco the permanent place of meeting.
The ladies were unanimous in voting to
hold sessions in interior citing,
The flection of officers w^f made the
special order of business for '£ o'clock this
afternoon.
A banquet was tendered to the officers
and representatives at the Occidental Hotel
in the evening, at which there was a full
representation.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell occupied tue seat of
honor at the head of the table. The fol
lowing toasts were proposed and responded
to, T. T. Groom acting as toast master.
"Welcome to Our Guests," Past Grand
Protector C. C. O'Donnell; "Supreme
Lodge," Supreme Representative Dr. S.
American; "Grand Locge," Grand Pro
tector Dr. F. Kemp Van Ec; "Our Sisters,"
Supreme Representative T. H. Berkey;
"Our Brothers," Grand Vice-Protector
Miss Parker; "State of the Order," Past
Pro lector George J. Vincent; "The New
Woman," Past Protector Mrs. Belle Con
rad; "The Press," Grand Secretary S. B.
Carle*on; "Subordinate Lodges,"* Grand
Guardian Mrs. E. .1. Colembot; "Frater
nity," Past Grand Protector H. K. Cum
mings; "Good of the Onier," Past Grand
Protector E. F. Aiken; "Sister Societies,"
Grand Treasurer J. W. Maher.
Wong Sam Case-
The United States Grand Jury yesterday be
gan an inquiry into the charges against Wong
Sam of aiding in ihe landing of h Chinese girl,
Dong Sun Yet, for immoral purposes. Wong
s« m was held for examination by United States
Commissioner lieaeock.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Harbor Commissioners and the
Chamber of Commerce
to Confer.
WANT THE BELT RAILEOAD.
A German Sailor Sentenced to Two
Years for Mutiny in the
Fatherland.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday. Commissioner Cole
was absent and one or two matters
went over until his return.
The Chamber of Commerce wrote ask
ing what funds were available for the
extension of the belt railroad and asking
when another meeting to discuss the
feasibility of the proposition could be
held. President Colnon instructed the
secretary to inform the chamber that
there was no money available and that the
members of the commission would be
glad to meet the committee from the
chamber either Tuesday or Thursday of
next week.
The State Fruit-Growers' Association is
to hold a convention April 27. They want
a free market ana again wrote to the Com
missioners on the subject. President Col
non and Commissioner Chadbourne agreed
to attend the meeting and see if some un
derstanding could not be arrived at. The
commission is more than willing to meet
the fruit men half-way, but unless they
can agree among themselves, then the
Commissioners will not move in the mat
ter.
Young & Mitchell, tho owners of the
steam ecnooner Cleone, asked for a re
duction of wharfage. The vessel was only
at the wharf an hour and then moved to
Oakland. Chief Wharfinger Root ex
plained that it was the law that a vessel
should be charged for a day if she only
stayed twenty minutes at a "wharf after
tying up. If, however, she moved to
other wharves during the twenty-four
hours no extra charge was made. The
Commissioners decided not to allow
Young & Mitchell any rebate, but sent
them word to appear before the board and
make a showing in person if they so de
sired.
Bids for the new engines for the State
tug Governor lrwin were opened. The
Main-street Iron Works (W. Deacon)
secured the contract for $2700. The high
est bidder was tlie Risdon Iron Works,
|4974. Deacon is the man who built the
Governor lrwin and also refitted her some
years ago. He knows all about her and
was thoroughly conversant with the cost
of duplicating her entities.
Captain S. D. Brennon of the General
Fairchild has earned another bonus. Yes
terday he completed t c round trip from
San Francisco to Nanaimo, B. C, and re
turn In twenty-one days. In pursuance of
the established rule in the company he
was presented with £30 and a suit of
clothes. This makes tne third bonus Cap
tain Brennon has earned inside of twelve
months.
The steamer Willamette has had her
rudder post repaired and will start running
again next Saturday. Captain Cushman
may not go out on her, however, as he had
been very sick with inflammatory rheu
matism and is only now on the road to re-
covery.
Carl Quednow, a sailor, who struck the
captain of the German ship Alice when the
vessel was entering this port, has just been
tried and sentenced in Germany. Qued
now was held in prison here until the
Alice was ready to sail. Then he was
ironed and put aboard. He was found
guilty of mutiny and was sentenced :o
two years' imprisonment with hard labor;
Captain Bennett, superintendent of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, has
none East to enjoy a well-earned vacation.
"Harry" Goodail, of the linn of Piper,
Aden, Goodail <fe Co., will have charge of
the docks until Captain Bennett's return.
Wiiliam B. Furmun, who has for years
been freight clerk for the same company,
has retired, and a new man will take his
place next week.
Death of Mr». Haj man.
Aired Bouvier of the Baldwin and California
theaters received a dispatch yesterday as fol
lows:
I*EW YORK, N. V.. April 21.— Mrs. Hayman,
mother of tbe well-known theatrical men— Al, Alf
and Dax'id Hayrmin and Harry Mann, died here
to-Uay at the Hotel Majestic.
Mrs. Hayman formerly resided in this City
and her loss will be mourned by a large circle
of friends.
NEW TO-DAY.
§GBT
COPY
>|tag|^Of your last pre-
J^ scription and bring
On. Customer, Jt t 0 US ROd SCB the
difference in price from a store
that will not pay commission to
physicians.
Although our charges are
about one-half less we get ■ just
as much as the druggist who
charges you twice as much, as
he is compelled to refund one-
half in commission to the phy-
sician. Do you see the point ?
OJ=»J3»a" ATilj NIO-ST.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
853 lyrarltoi Street,
■'■■[■] South side. bet. Fifth and Sixth. :
NEW TO-D AT- AMUSEMENTS.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
■■'"- ,> . >v- v Cor. California and Mason streets. % . . . .
*\- The Annual Spring: Exhibition, /
Including the James I). Phelan prize painting and
140 examples in oil and water colors by resident
artists), also 15 examples in I plastic art. Is now
open daily from 9a. m, to 5 p. m.. including Sun-
days. « '.'renn Recitals Sunday afternoous from 2
to 4. , Admission 25c. ..--.:
Concerts livery ' hurgday Evening.
. '■•"'. '. Admission .*>;><•, : - . . ....
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AKTJEKNOON AND EVENING.
L ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CKNTS.
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, 1 5c: CHUTKS, sc.
Ladles— Chutes, Weekday Afternoons. sc.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA' JOCKEY^ CLUB.
■'-" i-r—— WINTER MEETING •
Beginning Thursday, April 16th,
. BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
: Racing Monday, Tuesday, .Wednesday, Thursday,
■ ■ ' Friday and Saturday." Rain or Shine. ■
' FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY. ' :
' : : ". Races start at 2:00 p. m. sharp. ' '
, McAllister and Geary street cars pass the ate
R. B. .aiILROY. ; TUOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,.
becretary, 1 . ; -president.:
._;_-■ HEW TO-PAT: v L / :
BUY
YOUR
WIFE
A Home-Produced Pair of Shoes
and your- purchase money will
remain in circulation to aid in
the prosperity of yourself and
neighbors. The best shoes made
anywhere are
BUCKINGHAM
& HECHT'S
And . they are made here by
California labor. Ask for them.
Look for the name stamped on
the sole.
Kast's 738-740 Market St.
Carry a full line of our Shoes.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAY MAN SCO'S THEATERS
T nwiM I Second and Last
BALDWIN. [ Week But One ,
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And His New York Garrlck Theater Stock Co.
TO-NIGHT
(Wednesday), Thursday, Friday Ev'gs & Sat. Mat.
"PRINCE KARL."
Saturday Eveninsr,
"DR. JEKYLL AND Mil. HYDE."
Monday, April 27— Last week of Mr. Mansfield:
Monday, Tuesday and Saturday Evenings, "A Pa-
risian Romance" ; Wednesday, "The Story of
Kodion, the Student"; Thursday, '-Beau Brum-
mell"; Friday (only performance), "The Scarlet
Letter." seats for all remaining performances
now ready at box-office.
£li™£dmia I The Always Welcome
CALIFORNIA. fomiiai,
ROLAND REED
And His Company under the direction of 19. B.
JACK, presenting the Seasonable Satire,
"THE POLITICIAN,"
THE WOMAN'S PLANK.
A POSITIVE HIT!
"If the country needs saving, why, all we've got
to do is to save it."— General Joslah Limber.
rRICDLAnOLIC-CTTLOD ft Q>- tt»M Ana rwiAcai • • •
600 LAUGHS by Actual Count— The Comedian
EZRA KENDALL,
'• In His Funniest of Plays. '■
-A- PAIR OIF KIDS."
- Supported by a splendid Company or Players,'
— - — SPKCI AL !
MONDAY EVENING NEXT—
RIVABDE
The Oreai Spanish Violinist.
Assisted by M. AMIE LACHAT7ME, the Pianist:
MR. WILLIASi H. KEITH, Barytone,
AND A GRAND ORCHESTRA
Of Forty Selected Musicians.
MR. H. J. STEW "ART Conductor
MR. JOHN MAUQUARDT Concert-master
Prices— soc. 75c. $1, 81 50 and «2.
Note — At the Thursday evening concert, by re-
quest, Mr. Donald de V. Graham will be the vocalist.
a2r Al PA7AD
MATINEE TO-DAY-25C, 15c. lOc.
MS. HOYTE,
HEREWARD HOYTE and the Company in
"EVERYBODY'S FRIEND" and
"THE SETTING SUN."
A Decided and Delight-giving Success.
Night Prices— sOc, 35c, 25c, 15c, lOc
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
KM^riN 1 - Krei.ino. Proprietor & .Manager
D A HOWLING SUCCESS! D
SECOND EDITION! ,
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Extra va- L
I I ,"•■:. . r.ganza, . 1 1
p "BLUEBEARD!" £
*-* New Songs, Ballets, Specialties. *->
r THE "CBEY.UIER" MEDLEY r
*-» OF COSTER SONGS. D
p The Favorite Medley of Negro F"
~ Airs. , >—
J\ — 'RAYS OF LIGHT." /^
f^ THIS THURSDAY EVENING— D
D HOTEL MEN'S NIGHT! p^
Special Souvenir Performance ! LJ
Popular Pric. 25c and 503.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America, i
WALTER MOROCCO, solo Lessee and ilanajw
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Initial Production of the Great Comedy-Drama,
"SPECIAL DELIVERY!"
■VI.-W I Songs! Dances! I .™
* *' w I Character Sketches! | ! » 15 " -
-•' Evkjjno Pbickj— and 533.
Family Circle and Gall err. 10a
Usual ftla'tinees Saturday and Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
CFmrrell Street. Between atoclttoa *n1 Po<rsC
TO-NIGH r AND DURING THE WEES
HOPKINS' TRAINOI COMPANY!
The Greatest Traveling Vau<levllle
Organization in the World.
T3E3133 XiOSSOtnT-S,
THE NAAIKDOS.
APOLLO, HORACE BENNERS,
SIIAKF AND FLAT,
FORD AND FRANCIS,
TOM MACK, THK EVANS,
CLAYTON, KINS and JASPER,
inxjXjC3-OK/ *..
. Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Open Chairs
and Box Seals, 50c.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR DRILL
GIVEN IN AID OF THE
Masonic flows' & Orphans' Home
;VbY;::
Golden Gate Commandery No. 16, K. T.,
. ' -- AT V
MECHANICS' PAVILION
ON
SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL 25TH.
Admission, 50 Cents.
SUTRO BATHS.
A Novel ; Performance , at Last !
Commencing Saturday, April 18, 1896,
t - ONE WEEK ONLY. ,- ..'
MAGNIFIOKNT C ill NK«>K COMPANY!
A SPECIALLY IMPOKTEI) TKOl'Pii
„ ■■-■•-: OF FIFTY AKTISTS.
Blusicians, lingers and Jugglers!
GORGEOUS COSTUMES! "
Historical Play* Correctly Kepresented.
Performance Dally at *J and 8 P. M.
'■ Admission, 10c, ' Children, sc. ,
78
MASONS TO MEET HERE
The Grand Commandery of the
State Will Convene Thurs
day.
RECEPTION TO THE VISITORS.
California Commandery No. I of This
Cty Will En'ertain in Royal
Fashion.
The Grand Commandery of the Masons
of California will meet in annual session
in this City, beginning Thursday, at the
Temple, Post and Montgomery streets.
Grand officers and delegates will then be
here from all parts of the State.
What is expected to be the most at
tractive feature of the event is the recep
tion by California Commandery No. 1 of
San Francisco to the visitors and their
families. Thi? will take place in Odd Fel
lows' Hall, Friday night. Quite elaborate
preparations are in progress looking to
ward the complete success of the recep
tion. Under the direction of Martin Jones,
John P. Fraser, Charles H. Wilson, Curtis
H. Lindley and Edward P. Cole, the execu
tive committee, the following committees
are working for this object:
Reception— Sir Asr R. Wells (chairman), Sir
Charles F. Crocker (viee-enairman), Sir Wil
liam w. Morrow, sir Charles W. slack, Bir Bus-
Bell J. Wilson, Eminent Sir George T. Bromley,
Eminent Sir Franklin H. Day, Eminent Sir
Joseph M. Litchfield. Eminent Sir Brilsford P.
Flint, Eminent Sir Peter Dean, Eminent Sir R.
Beverly Oole, Eminent Sir Eugene N. Deuprey,
Eminent Sir William liwin, Sir David \V.
J'onthitt, Sir Emory E. Smith, Sir Charles S.
Tilton, Sir Henry J. Burns, Sir Daniel E. Bar
ger, Sir John F. Morse, Sir Thomas V.
O'Brien, Sir John A. Russell, Sir Fred
erick W. Van Sicklen, Sir Alexey W.
yon Schmidt, Sir Charles E. Green,
Sir George A. Knight, Sir George E. Walk, Sir
John S. Young, Sir William F. McXutt, Sir
Samuel O. Murphy. Sir Henry E. Highton, Sir
John G. ConraU, Sir George Johnson, Sir Rieh
;iril P. Hammond Jr., Sir John E. Kincaid, Sir
John Lee, Sir Thomas T. Atkinson, Sir William
S. Barnes. Sir Henry Bohls, Bir George E. Ames,
fc-ir Hiram Tubbs, Sir James W. Burnham, Sir
rharles J. King, Sir Arthur S. Lovelace, Sir
Wilfred W. Montague. Sir Monson Rossell, Sir
Charles Jost, Sir Wiliiam Ede, Sir Abraham
Halsey. Sir Ainon F. Korbel. Sir George Levis
ton, Sir William Macdouaid, Sir Henry F.
Williams, Sir Milton A. Wheatou, Sir Walter E.
Dean, Bir James Simpson, Sir Samuel A. Mc-
DonnelL
Entertainment— Sir Curtis J. Kenyon, ehair
ninn; Sir Timothy Hopkins, vice-chairman;
Sir Benjamin F. Garra'.t, Sir George W. Baker,
Mr J.jliii U. Doane, Sir Robert Bragg, Sir
Thomas D. Rlordan, Sir Joseph H. Ltttierield,
Sir Thomas R. Hortou, Sir Frank W. Marvin, I
Sir Alexander MeXee, Sir James McNab, Sir
Jerome B. Richardson, Sir George H. Thomp
son, Sir Henry B. Russ, Bir Etoberi B. Moore, Sir
Wiliiam McCoriukk, Sir Charles P. Chesiey,
Sir John M. Curtis, Sir John L. M. Shetterly,
Sir David P. Shattuck, Sir Thomas L. Hill.
Music— Sir Lndwig M. lloefler, chairman; Sir
Walter C. Campbell, vice-chairman ; Sir George '
W. Bennett, Sir Louis A. Larsen, Sir James F.
Log:.n, Sir John C. Hughes, Sir Alfred A.
Baikin, Sir Gustav Kartschoke, Sir Julius W.
Lowe.
Hall and decorations— Eminent Sir Reuben j
P. Hurlbut, cliairnian; Sir Charles M. I'lum, i
vtoe-chairman ; Sir Charles W. Decker, Sir Wil- ,
liam H. Lillie. Sir Henry J. Smith, Sir Gustave !
H. Umbseo, r-ir Miio S. Jeflers, Sir William H. |
Miner, Sir William H. I>rvis, Sir Charles A.
McQuesUn, Sir Andrew MeElroy, Sir John F. I
Eilev, Sir Adolph O. Bchetzel, Sir Andrew
Wilfcie, Mr Henry Williamson, Sir Johu O. !
Iteragnan, Sir Irvine Graham, Sir Samuel i
Warluirton.
lb or committee— Sir Samuel Shortridge
(chairman). Sir William H. Snedaker (vice
chairman), Sir Richard S. Poiastri, Sir Otto F.
WY.-tphal, sir Arthur L. Piper, Sir William E.
Miie*. Sir Frederick C. Morgan, Sir William J.
Younger, >ir John H. Brnnings, Sir Thomas H.
Browne, Sir Hubert J. Tyson, Sir Samuel C.
Hairmond, Sir lloabray R. Du:<das, sir Peter
P. DalL Sir Edward B. ilindes. sir William H.
tdwar.ls.
Purveying— Sir Anton Krci? (chairman). Sir
William K. .lo:;<_-< (vice-chairman). Sir Tbomu
Morion, sir Christopher C. Morehouse, Sir
Henry ECohler, Bir William R. Jost, Sir Henry
£. Matbews, Sir William T. Little, Sir John F.
Kiley, Sir George lluhs, sir Jhqk-s Oglesby.
Pre>s and i'riiitiiig — R. F:m. Sir Hiram T.
Graves, chnirmnn; Sir Edward B. Church,
vice-chairman; Sir Henry L. iJavis, Sir John
H. Mentz, Sir William S. Moses, Sir Charles S.
Neal. Sir Emile Woenne, Sir Benjamin B. Dun
can. Sir William A. Halsted, sir Charles W.
Irtd.'ile, Sir Minor S. Martin, Sir George I).
Korta
Finance— Sir George M. Perine, chairman;
Sir Colin M. Boyd, vice-chairman; Em. Sir
Thomas Kvle, Sir John F. Kennedy, Sir Mont
gomery Godley, Sir Henry \V. Westphal, Sir
Kvan L. Reese, Sir C. H. F. N'euhaus, Sir Adolph
Hro:aada, Sir Charles M. Chase, Sir John Ton
ningsen, Sir W. H. Frank Titus.
The Grand Commandery will be pre
sented to the eminent commander. This
event will be followed by a reception of the
grand officers of the Grand Commandery.
A f-peech of welcome "will be delivered by
Eminent Commander Martin Jones. The
C. Jf. FICKERT. IL R REYNOLDS.
TWO ATHLETES WHO WILL REPRESENT STANFORD IN THE INTERCOL.
LEGIATfi MEET ON SATURDAY.
drill corns will follow,witha display in va
rious evolutions on the floor, after which
dancing will be enjoyed until 11:15 o'clock.
Then all pres nt will withdraw to the ban
quet hall. There will be ample opportu
nity for toast-making and exchange of
fraternal greetings, but meanwhile in all
probability the young people will adjourn
and resume the pleasures of the dance.
I he evening promises to be one long to be
remembered in connection with the annual
meetings oi the California Grand Com
niandery.
THOSE TRICKS NOT VAIN.
Chinese Gamblers Find a Novel Way of
Protecting ThemsclTet.
The latest dodge of the Chinese gam
biers to evade police prosecution is to in
corporate as clubs under the State laws
affecting social and mercantile organiza
tions. Thus they are entitled to the same
measure oi protection enjoyed by any
other body formed for mutual enjoyment,
advancement and exclusiveness.
Sergeant McManus, who has been in
charge of the Chinatown squad for the last
four months, and who along with his
command, consisting of Officers Tracy,
Sullivan, May«?r, McHugh and Anderson,
is doing excellent work, is prevented from
breaking down the doors of gambling
dens as in cases where the municipality
has exclusive jurisdiction.
The sergeant and his men must now
wait until the doors are opened to them,
and by that time all evidence that would
tend to secure a conviction in the Police
Courts has been removed, and the players
themselves have escaped through the trap
doors, sliding panels in the walls, secret
openings in the ceilings and then out on
the roofs of adjoining buildings or along
dark and winding passages to the streets
below.
During the time Sergeant McManus has
been in charge of the Chinatown squad
nearly 800 arrests have been made of
Jhinese persons who have violated the
City ordiances relating to gambling, and
the sum of $5000 has been collected in
fines.
But the new difficulty that has arisen
seems to have checked the etforts of the
Police Department, and Chief Crowley is
in a quandary as to what course to pursue
in order to stop gambling in Chinatown.
The situation was more than ever brought
home to him yesterday when the case of
thirty-two Chinese, accused of violating
the gambling ordinances, was continued
by Judge Joachimsen.
The defendants all belong to the new
Chinese clubs, and convictions are consid
ered improbable by the authorities.
TWO STANFORD ATHLETES
Men That Will Contest With
Berkeley Next Saturday
Afternoon.
Fickert, the Football Captain and
Hammer-Thrower, and Reynolds,
the Hurdler.
While it is generally conceded that the
annual intercollegiate field day to be held
on the Olympic grounds next Saturday
afternoon will result in another victory
for the Berkeley athletes, the University
of California team is aware that it has
some unenown material to oppose from
Stanford University, where the men have
been saying nothing and sawing wood.
As usual, it is to be a contest for points,
first, second and third places to count 5, 2
and 1, respectively.
Thougn the State University has even a
better team than the one that distin
guished itself in the East last year the
Stanford men declare that the chances of
the cardinal are better no>v than they were
in any of the three preceding meets, as
there has been a regular improvement
each year. They estimate their probable
points and say that if they are lucky Sat
urday may record a big surprise in coast
athletics.
One of the men that may prove to be a
dark-horse is Harry Reynolds, the Stan
ford hurdler and high jumper. Last year
in his maiden race he won the intercol
legiate championship in the low hurdles,
covering the 220 yards in 27% seconds, and
finished with many yards to spare. Since
then he has never been beaten, or even
forced to exert himself to his utmost, so it
is not known what he may be able to do
when pressed hard by Torrey of the
Berkeley team, the hurdler that created
such a surprise in the East. Reynolds will
also run m the high hurdles and will be
Stanford's best representative in the high
jump. He is 5 feet 10 inches in height and
stronely built, his legs being very grace
fully developed. Wnile at the Oakland
High School he was considered a crack
gymnast, but it was not until his junior
year at college that he attempted heavier
athletics. Just as he gave promise dur
ing the training season of '94 of being a
star halfback and. excelling his brother
Jack, the speedy Varsity half, he broke
his collar bone and afterward turned his
attention to hurdling and jumping. Last
November he again went into football,
and in one of the early Varsity games
broke the other collar bone. He then con
cluded to go out of the bone-breaking
business and devote the remainder of his
senior year to an attempt at record
breaking.
Fickert, captain of the Stanford Varsity
eleven for next fall, is a big fellow, j
over 6 feet 2 inches in height and j
weighing in the neighDorhood of 200
pounds. He came from Tehachapi
and in his freshman year was generally
known by that name. But after the big
determined country boy became a Varsity
guard in his sophomore year and distin
guished himself by blocking Ransom's
punt in the great intercollegiate match
! and making it possible for Cochran to
| score the winning touchdown, he became
I'tickert." And when it came to choos
| ing a leader for next year's varsity the
I veterans decided that they could not do
. better than confer the honor upon the
! man who now in his junior year has
evolved into "Captain Fickert."
Fickert never attempted any athletics
before he entered college, but laterly he
has shown good form in throwing the six
teen-pound hammer, which he already
tosses over 125 feet.
Burroughs Damage Suit.
The case of Helen Burroughs against the
Market-street Cable Company and the San
Francisco and San Mateo Kailroad Com
pany for damages was concluded before
a jury in Judge Hunt's court last even
ing. The jnry exonorated the Market-
Mreet Cable Company, but found a verdict for
$1500 damages against the other company
Mrs. Burroughs, in November, 1893, was In.
jured by an electric car while stepping off a
norsecar on Bryant and Third itreets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
BLISTERS ON THE BOY
Cafferty Says He Wept Over
His Son After Beating
Him.
HE ADMITS THE PUNISHMENT.
Declares That H? Did Not Know That
He Had Injured the Boy So
Severely.
Martin J. Cafferty, laborer. 335 Broad
way, who was arrested Monday night for
brutally beating his son Johnnie, 9 years
of age, appeared in Judge Low's court
yesterday morning.
The boy was suffering so intensely from
the big red blisters all over his body that
he was unable to leave his bed.
Walter Gallagher appeared for Cafferty,
who pleaded not guilty and asked for a
continuance for a v;eek. The Judge de
murred at first, but when informed that
Cafferty waived a jury and merely wanted
time to call his witnesses, he consented to
a continuance till Saturday morning.
Attorney Gallagher asked the Judge if
fie had any feeling- against the defendant,
because if he had it would perhaps be bet
ter for another Judge to try the case.
"I have formed no opinion," said the
Judge, "but I have seen the bruises on the
MARTIN J, CAFFERTY.
I boy, and they are horrible. I say I have
i seen the bruises, but I do not know by
j whom they were inflicted. I will try the
case fairly. I will rix his bonds at $1000
or $500 cash."
Cafferty was seen at the City Prison yes
terday afternoon. He felt annoyed over
the publicity given the case. He is a man
I under the middle size, but stoutly built.
There is nothing remarkable in his face,
except a square jaw anil prominent lips.
"1 don't deny punishing the bor," he
said, "but it was not because he did not
sell enough papers. I found he had not
been at school yesterday mornine, and
when I questioned him about it he told
me he had been at the ferry selling papers.
I went to the ferry and found that he
had told me a lie, as he had not been there.
That was why I punished him. No, he
has not been in 'the habit of playing
"I was mad at him, and admit I cave him
a severer beating than I intended. I did
not know I was striking him with the
buckle end of the strap till it was over,
and then, when I saw my mistake, I lifted
him up in my arms and put him to bed
and cried over him. It is not true that I
kicked him or sat upon his head.
"I did not threaten to brain my wife
with a hatchet as sbe came up the stairs.
If she says I did she is not telling the
truth. I have not been unkind to her,
and she knows it.
"Why, I insured my life about six years
ago and made the policy payable to John
nie in the event of my death. That does
not look as if I hated him. Well, that may
be the reason for my wife saying hard
things against me, but it is as well to say
nothing about that. She has broken up
our home and made me lose my job, I
suppose, and how can she support the
children?
"I was not drunk last night,, but I had a
glass or two of beer. lam not a drinking
man and can bring forward witnesses to
testify aato my character."
Mrs. Cafferty could not be found last
night. She had left her home at 335
Broadway during the day and it was given
out that she was visiting friends.
WILL FORCE THE ISSUE
Election Commissioners Have
Begun Active Prep
arations.
Officials Who Desire to Hold Four
Years Must Now Resort to
the Courts.
After several ineffectual efforts to brine
the county government act before the
courts and determine it 3 constitutionality
and thus set at rest the question as to
whether the county officials now in office
were elected for two or four years, the
election commissioners have at last hit
upon a plan that it is believed will be suc
cessful.
It was decided to begin active prepara
tions for the election of a new set of offi
cers and compel those who claim that
they are in for four years to resort to the
law to determine the matter..
In order to get the matter into the
proper shape the following resolutions
were passed :
Whereas, It is clnimed that the provisions of
tne county government act of 1893 provide
that the officers elected in the year 1894 shall
hold for a term or four years, commencing in
January, 185)5; and wliereats, it is further
more claimed that the terms and provisions of
*aid act are applicable to tlie City and County
of Han Francisco, and that the municipal
officers who were elected in 1894 hold for
the full term oi four years, commencing
January, 1895, arid that no election is »o
be or can by law be held to fill said offices at
the election to be held in November, 1896;
and whereas, it is necessary that provision
should be made for the conduct of the election
to fill such offices in the event it shall be judi
cially claimed that by law an election to fill
the same is to be held in November of thepres
ent year; and whereas, a large amount of
money will be necessarily expended to hold
such an election in excess of the amount
which will be required in tho event that said
offices are not to be filled thereat; and
whereas, it is necessary for this board to now
determine ior its future government and guid
ance whether the said offices are to be or not
to be filled at such election ; now, therefore.
be it
JResolvcd, That it is and it is hereby declared
to be the sense of this board that at the gen
eral election to be held in November of the
present year all such municipal oflices must be
hlled by election; and be it further
Resolved, That the Registrar be and be is
hereby directed to forthwith purchase from
the Secretary of State a quantity of ballot pa
per for the needs of such election based upon
the assumption that said municipal officers are
to be filled at such election, and that the quan
tities so to be purchased by him from the Sec
retary of State for tne printing thereon of the
ballots to be used at such ejection to be a like
quality and amount to that purchased for use
at the general election held in 1894; and be it
further
Jtcsolyed, That this board hereby declares its
intention and purpose at its next meeting to
draw from the general fund of this City and
County sufficient money to pay for the ballot
paper so authorized to be purchased, and to
draw thereon from time to time for all expend
itures necessarily involved in carrying on an
election in November, 1896. for an election,
among others, of electors to till all said munic
ipal offices.
SOLD AT AUCTION.
Good Prices Realized for a Num
ber of Pieces of Real
Estate.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. sold several
pieces of real estate at auction yesterday
at their salesrooms and good prices were
realized, considering the condition of the
market. The bidding in most instances
was quite spirited.
A pretty nine-room residence on the
east line of Lyon street, 125 feet north of
Page, with lot 25x102 feet, sold for $6650.
A 10- room residence at the southwest cor
ncr of San Jose avenue and Twenty-fifth
street, with lot 40x120, was sold for "$6050.
] A lot 25x100 feet on the south
i line of McAllister street, 37:6 feet west of
: Pierce, brought $2600. A two-story bav
| window residence of nine rooms at 982'
i Fifteenth street, lot 48x115, sold with an
j "if" for $4700. A house with lot 22x75 at
:30 Elgin Park sold for $4200. A vacant lot
adjoining the latter on the south, size
; 22x75, sold for $1350. An eight-room resi
; dence at 824 Fifteenth street, Jot 30x115,
! sold for $3500 wiih an "if." A lot 50x114
! located at the southeast corner of Twenty,
i fourth and Xoe streets sold for $3200. Tne
' total amount of the sale was $32,250.
AWARDED CERTIFICATES
Candidates Who Survived the
Ordeal of the Board of
Examiners.
Teachers' Positions Given Applicants
on Their Educational
Diplomas.
The Board of Examiners of the City and
County has finished its work of in
quiring into the qualifications of the
various applicants for teachers' certificates
who have appeared before it for the regu
lar semi-annual examinations, and also
of those who have presented credentials
from educational institutions entitling
them to teachers' certificates. The report,
which will be presented at the next meet
ing of the board is as follows:
That Miss Rachel Mey be recommended to
the State Board of Education for a State educa
tional diploma of the grammar grade; that
Miss Louise H. Condon be granted a grammar
grade certificate upon a diploma of gradua
tion from the City Normal School, class of
1889; that Charles L. Turner be granted a
high-school certificate on his diploma of
graduation from the State University ana let
ters of recommendation from the faculty.
That Miss Kate J. Riley, Miss Rose Lewis,
Miss Isabel Tobin, Miss Emily L. Hammond
and Miss Laura N. Tresiff be recommended for
life diplomas of the grammar grade; that Miss
Catherine F. Riordan be recommended for a
State educational diploma of the grammar
grade; that Mies Estelle Houghton be granted
a grammar-grade certificate upon her diploma
from the California State Normal School; that
Miss Lida Baldwin be granted a high-school
certificate upon her diploma of graduation
from the State University and letters of recom
mendation from the faculty.
That Daniel Crostjy be granted a grammar
grade certificate upon his Alameda County
grammar-grade certificate; that Miss Elizabeth
A. Crane be granted a grammar-grnde certifi
cate upon her diploma of graduation from the
Sau trancisco Normal School, class of 1887;
that Miss Bertha Herzog be granted a gram
mar-grade certificate upon her diploma of
graduation from the San Francisco Normal
School, class of 1888; that the primary-grade
certificates of Miss Emily B. Ferguson and Miss
Lydia K. Armstrong be renewed; that Miss
Emily Hartrick be granted a grammar-grade
certificate upon her diploma of graduation
from the San Francisco Normal School, class of
1891; that certificates be granted the follow
ing upon the result of the Jate semi-annual ex
amination: Miss Lillie A. Toomey, primary
grade; Miss Ellen J. Foley and Miss Margaret
A. Robinson, grammar grade; Miss M. A. Bur
nett, French; Daniel Crosby, bookkeeping.
Going to Meet the Hotel Men.
Assistant Manager G. B. Warren of the Palace
has delegated Chief Clerk Frank Cummings
and William Walters of the hotel to go to
Fresno and meet the hotel men of the National
association, who are en route here. They will
leave on the 9 o'clock train this morning and
return here in company with the hotel men on
Thursday afternoon. General Warfleld of the
California, K. B. Soule of tne Lick and John c.
Kirkpatrick of the Palace have been with the
hotel men for some time in Southern Cali
fornia.
On their arrival here tho hotel men will be
quartered at the different hotels.
Hebrew I air Matinees.
A matinee will be given to-day and Friday
nnd aiso Sunday, from 2 to 5 P. m., at the fair
for the Hebrew Home for Old People, now in
progress in Native Sons' Hall, Mason stieet,
The fair has proved very successful financially
UNCLE SAM'S NEW CARE
To Establish a Department in
This City for Commercial
Interests.
IT IS INDORSED lOCALLY
The Manufacturers' and Producers'
.Association Is Heartily in
Favor.
The directors of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association had under consid
eration yesterday a subject of great im
portance to every one interested in com
merce and manufacture. It was the eitab
lishment by the Federal Government of a
department devoted especially to the com
mercial and manufacturing interests of the
United States.
The subject came before the directors by
! a letter from T. C. Search, president of the
| National Association of Manufacturers of
which the local association is a member.
Mr. Search requested that the association
by resolutions and letters indorse the bill
of Senator Frye, which provides for the
creation of a Department of Commerce
and Manufactures. On several occasions
during the past ten years efforts have been
made to secure the enactment of laws pro
viding for the establishment of such a de
partment, but they failed because of the
lack of appreciation of the necessity and
the absence of organized support. With
the extraordinary rapid growth of the
manufacturing interests of the country
there has come a wider recognition of the
importance of the movement. Several
years ago sucn a bill was introduced into
Congress, but it died because there was no
great efforts made to push it through.
The National Association of Manufac
turers took up the matter at its conven
tion held in Chicago on January 21 of this
year, and the National Board of Trade at
its annual convention held in Washington
on January 28 appointed a committee to
urge the matter upon Congress. On March
9 Senator Frye introduced in the Senate a
bill to establish a Department of Com
merce and Manufactures.
This bill provides that there shall be
an executive department to be known as
the Department of Commerce and Manu
factures, the Secretary to be appointed by
the President by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate and to receive a
salary of $8000 per annum ; also for an As
sistant Secretan- of Commerce and Manu
factures to be sirr. ilarly appointed and to
receive a salary of $4000 per year. One
chief clerk and such other clerical assis-t
--ants as may be authorized by Congress are
also provided.
The Department of Commerce and Man
ufactures shall have general jurisdiction
over the foreign and Internal commerce of
the United States except in so far as re
lates to the collection of revenue and the
administration of customs and internal
revenue Jaws. It shall also have jurisdic
tion over all matters relating to manufac
turing interests of the United States, the
extension of foreign markets, the increase
of trade and trade facilities with foreign
countries and to perform all the functions
relating to trade and commerce in the
United States that are now performed by
the Treasury Department.
It further provides for the transfer from
the Treasury Department to the Depart
ment ot Commerce and Manufactures of
the Life-saving Service, the Lighthouse
Board, the Marine Hospital Service, the
tfureau of Steamboat Insoection, the
Bureau of Navigation, the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey, and the Bureau
of Statistics. The Bureau of Statistics of
the Department of State is also transferred
to the new department and consolidated
with the Statistical Bureau of the Treasury
Department. Provision is made for the
appointment by the President of a chief
ot the Bureau of Statistics of Commerce
and Manufactures, who will perform all
the duties now imposed upon the chiefs
of the two separate bureaus.
Under the proposed Jaw the Consular
Bureau of the Department of Stutt 1 and
the several consular officers of the Federal
Government and all other officers of the
Government who are resident in foreign
countries and are charged with the outy
of facilitating and promoting the com
merce of the United States sliall be trans
ferred from the jurisdiction of the Depart
ment of State to the Department of Com
merce and Manufactures. Whenever con
sular officers shall be required to act in
purely diplomatic capacity thry will con
tinue to report to the Department of State
as at present.
The Secretary of Commerce and Manu
factures shall report annually to Congress
concerning the expenditure of the appro
priations for bis department and the work
that has been done in promoting and
facilitating the development of American
commerce and manufactures. The Secre
tary is also to make special investigations
and report on particular subjects whenever
required to do so by the President or by
either house of Congress, or whenever in
his judgment such special work shall be
required.
One of the strongest arguments in favor
of Senator Frye's bill is tue overcrowded
condition of the Treasury Department ana
the urgent need for its relief. One by one,
in the course of many years, there have
been added to the Treasury Department
various bureaus of a character entirely un
related to the natural functions of that
department. For example, there seems to
be no natural relation between the finan
cial branch of the Federal administra
tion and the life-saving service or
the steamboat inspectors or the light
house board, except that these at
tached bureaus have more or less connec
tion with the maritime commerce which
brings the merchandise upon which are
levied the customs dues from which the
principal portion of the public revenues is
derived. The Treasury Department's
natural connection with internal and for
eign commerce of the Nation is limited to
the enforcement of the revenue laws and
the collection of the customs and internal
revenue taxes. With commerce it3elf the
Treasury Department has no logical con
nection.
The directors of the local association dis
cussed the matter at length, and the most
important reasons advanced for such legis
lation, briefly summarized, were that the
United States is distinctively a commer
cial and industrial Nation. A branch of
the Federal Government whose special
function would be to promote the interests
of trade seems to be not only appropriate,
but necessary.
Agriculture very fittingly has its Cabinet
officer and its own department in the
Nation's Government. Manufactures,
upon which more than anything else the
prosperity of the country depends, have
no representation in the administration of
the Nation's affairs. The overcrowding of
the Treasury Department by the accumu
lation of a larcre number of unrelated
bureaus calls for immediate steps for the
relief of this important branch of the ex
ecutive Government, the natural duties of
KEY TO-DAY.
You can buy common
metal beds almost any-
where, Adams & Westlake's
only here.
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Cole A Co.)
117 Genry Street.
which relate to the finances of the Nation.
To concentrate in one new department
the various scattered bureaus which are
more or less commercial or industrial in
character would enormously increase the
efficiency of their service without neces
sarily involving any large increase in the
expenses of the Government.
The directors unanimously indorsed the
bill and Dassea resolutions -expressing
their views. These resolutions and per
sonal^ letters will be sent to Senator Frye.
the Congressional committee having the
bill under consideration |and to all the
Pacitic Coast Representatives in Congress,
urging that every effort be made to secure
the new department.
MRS. HILL'S COMPLAINT.
Counter Charges Against the Musician
in His Suit for Divorce.
Emily Grace Hill, the actress, has filed
an answer and cross-complaint against
John T. Hill, the musician, in his suit for
divorce.
Hill was suing for a divorce on the
ground of desertion. He was musical di
rector for the DeWolf Hopper company,
and while here some few months ago he
filed his suit.
In her answer the defendant denies the
charges of desertion, and then in a croas
complaint she goes on to make charges of
desertion, failure to provide andintidelity.
She demands $2:50 a month alimony and
$2500 due on a loan to her husbajd.
Edith Terrington Woodcocks is named
in the cross-complaint as co-respondent.
FENDERS IN THEORY ONLY
Street Railway Men Meet to
Indulge in Some Harmless
Talk.
Representatives From All Over the
State Attended— A Number of
Papers Read.
The Street Railway Association cf Cali
fornia held its second annual meeting yes
terday afternoon in Maple Hall of the Pal
ace Hotel. There were present Charles F.
Crocker of the Market-street Company,
president; S. B. McLenegan of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Company, vice
president; J. E. Mo/ris of the Highland
Park and Fruitvale, secretary and treas
urer, and the following other representa
tives of the several companies named:
Walter Tiffany, Mountain View and Pied
mont; F. P. Burke, San Jose and Santa
Clara; E. P. Vandercook, East Oakland;
H. A. Green, Monterey and Pacific Grove
Street Railway; E. P. Vining, M. D. Stein,
A. W. Barron, G. H. Fairchild, H. A.
Iddings, J. C. Skinner, S. L. Foster and C.
J. Kaighin, of the Market-street Company ;
T. A. W. Shock, Sacramento Street Rail
way Company; E. M. Van Frank, Sutro
Street Railway Company; G. A. Loring,
San Francisco and San Mateo Street Rail
way Company; G. Gustafson, Haywards.
Papers were read as follows:
On "Surmounting Grades by Electric
Force, by S. L. Foster; "Use and Abuse,
Advantages and Disadvantages of Trans
fers," E. P. Vining; "Fenders: Are They
Practicable?" M. D. Stein; "Registers for
Fares and Transfers." S. B. McLenegan ;
"Long-distance Transmission of Power,"
by T. A. W. Shock of Sacramento.
The proceedings of the meeting and the
papers read will be printed in pamphlet
form.
The meeting adjourned for one year.
The executive committee, which does the
work of the association, adjourned to call
of the chair. The following compose the
oomraittte: Charles F. Crocker, S. B. Mc-
Lenegan, J. E. Morris, E. P. Vining, F.
W. Wood, L. Wheeler.
NEW TO-DAY.
Neglected Colds
mark the beginning
of every Spring-time,
and only too often they
are the beginning of the
story of which Con-
sumption is the end*
Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil with the
Hypophosphites will
soothe a cough, heal
the inflamed mem-
branes, and restore the
parts to a healthy con-
dition* It will do this
promptly and perma-
nently if taken in time*
An ounce of prevention
is a bottle of Scott's
Emulsion* Don't ex-
periment with sub-
stitutes when you can
get Scott's Emulsion
for a few cents more*
I C YOU MENTION
IF THIS PAPER
We will send you FREE the
handsomest bicycle catalogue is- :
sued this year. It tells you all
about the
BUILT LIKE AWATCr£
Address WM. V. BRYAN, *
Manager Pac.' Coast Branch Sterling Cycle Works
314 Post St., San Francisco.
COAL! COAL!
We11ingt0n... ...............5i0 00 •
South Held ..;...... 50 ;v ■ ""
Genuine Coos Bay \\\\\ 6 80-Half ton. 880
Seattle..-.'... 8 00— Half ton. 400
8ryant..:......... 7 00— Half ton. . 00
Telephone— Black— 35. *
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.;
622 Howard Street. Near Flr«
TO MILK DEALERS.
MVi& F( ?, R SALE IN QUANTITIES OF 50 TO
1U 150 gallons daily. Apply at : uwiu .
20.7 liattorv Street. S. T.. Cal. '
BOY BURGLARS TRAPPED
A San Mateo County Deputy
Sheriff Rounds Up a Des
perate Gang.
WERE CAUGHT STEALING MEAT
Three Youthful Housebreakers Clev
erSy Captured While in the
Act of Thievery.
Deputy Sheriff Fred Desircllo of San
Mateo County and Martin Raab, night
engineer of the Western Meat Company,
whose establishment is located at South
San Francisco, succeeded at an early hour
yesterday morning in arresting a trio of
young burglars who have been under the
surveillance of the San Mateo County au
thorities for some time past.
Several weeks ago the Western Meat
Company, which ships large quantities of
canned meats to the Eastern and local
market, began to miss some of its goods
from the slaughter-houss where the
tinned meats are stored.
Suspicion fastened or. a crowd of young
men who spent their time loitering about
the railroad, and Deputy Desirello was de
tailed to watch them. Several nights of
vigilance failed to develop anything sus
picious, but on Monday night the watch
ers were warned that a raid was contem
plated and tho officer of the Sheriff's de
partment was on the alert.
Shortly after midnight he noticed from
his place of concealment a number of hoys
loitering; about the place and prepared to
pounce on them should they attempt a
raid. The night engineer was near the
scene, and when the boys began loading
themselves with meat-cans, after forcing
the doors of the house, which had been left
in such condition that they could be easily
opened, the two made a descent on the
gang, which numbered half a dozen or
more, and succeeded in taking three boys
into custody before they could make their
escape.
The arrested ones are Bennett Cahill,
alias Haley, and generally known in
South Francisco as " 'Frisco Jim," Eustace
Cimini, known as "Boxcar Pete," and
Charles Riley. The gang made a desperate
resistance to prevent any of its members
being taken into custody, but the majority
took to its heels when the handcuffs and
revolvers were produced by the officials.
None of the culprits are o\ r 20 years
of ace, and Riley, the last named, is not
more than 17. The authorities consider
the capture a most important one, as a
gang of housebreakers and hoodlums have
been operating in South Han Francisco for
some time past, and the best efforts of |the
police authorities have failed to catch the
culprits.
Cahill, Cimini and Riley were locked up
in the caboose at Soutn San Francisco, and
will appear before the proper authorities
to-day to answer to charges of burglary
and resisting an officer.
The queen bee is distinguished from the
working bees by tbe great length of her
abdomen, which is in the form of a length
ened cone, by the snortness of her wings,
which do not reach more than half the
length of her body, and she differs from
the drones in being furnished with a sting.
| NEW TO DAT.
iwls
Jackets!
Suits!
JACKETS in all the latest
materials such as cheviot,
tan covert cloth, blue and
black serge, newest styles
from —
57.50 UPWARD.
A full line LADIES' OUT-
ING COSTUMES in
serges, fancy tweeds and
other materials, from
S I 2.50 inVAED
Skirts!
A very Handsome Line of
Brocaded SILK SKIRTS,
from —
S I 8.00 UPWARD
Black Mohair and Serge
SKIRTS from—
54.00 UPWARD
Waists !
A beautiful line of NEW SILK
WAISTS.
Also, SHIRT WAISTS, in all
kinds of Wash Material.
BE QABLA ESPANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
YILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.FLYNN OFFERS
HIS OWN RECORD
Autobiography of the Man
Suspected of Baby
Murder.
ACTIVE IN PORTLAND.
Says He Was Officially Aggres
sive in the Suppression of
Public Abus?s.
MADE FOES AS A KEFORMER.
Aroused by Criticism, tha Arrested
Man Declares His Only Fault
Is Poverty.
The detectives are still hard at work at
tempting to unravel the pitiful baby-mur- i
der mystery. They are still working on |
the theory that Flynn, the suspect under j
arrest, is the father and virtually the mur- j
derer of the newly born babe found in a
Batchel in a vacant lot last week.
In contravention of the theory of Flynn's
guilt is the autobiography of Flynn, which
The Call presents herewith. It is an in
teresting resume of nn aggressive public
career in the Northwest.
In tbe absence of George A. Knight, his
attorney, J. T. Flynn was reticent and re
fused to make any statement regarding the
testimony of Mrs. Shane, but when con
fronted with the printed statement in an
evening paper referring to his past record
he consented to give The Call a complete
history of his past career.
"My photograph as it appears in The
Call this morning," said he, "I consider
to be the best that has appeared in any of
the City papers, and in justice to myself,
though contrary to the advice of my law
yer, I will give as clear a statement as I
possibly can. of my past life for the bene
fit of such of the public as have interested
themselves in my case.
I feel bound to say a word or two in answer
ti> malicious statements affecting my character,
which have appeared in one or two papers of
this City, and while I know that these calum
nies are not evidence, I also know that they
are published for the purpose of serving that
end in the public mind, and therefore hope
that you will afford mean opportunity to be
heard.
For nearly twenty-seven years I was a resi
dent of the city of Portland, Ore., and every
thing in my life from childhood up is known,
and, Hside from a financial embarrassment,
caused by no particular fault of mine, there is
nothing in it that 1 derire to conceal.
During my career there, both as a newspaper
man and as an officer of ihe law, I have always
been on the side of law and order. In my re- 1
searches as a reporter in that city I found a j
Chief of Police entrenched behind the power
of perpetuity in office, who was accused of hav
ing accepted a bribe of $500 for permitting the
escape of a gang of murderers, and who was
openly using the machinery of the law aa a
private means of vengeance.
Men wtio dared to cross his path or disturb
his profitable traffic in Chinese women were
thrown into the inquisitorial cells without
even the formality of a charge and kept there
under the fire of the detectives until it suited
his pleasure to either release or shanghai
them. These facts I put in the proper form,
laid them before the proper authorities and
after a stubborn fight of several months' dura
ion 1 finally succeeded in having him re
moved.
A short time afterward I was appointed Li
cense Inspector by Mayor Chapman, with the
added power of a police officer, and was jriven
carte blanche authority to correct any abuses
I found in the department. Upon investiga
tion I found that the special police contingent
— an offshoot of the detective bureau— was
drawing down about $6000 a month in the
orm of tribute from gamblers, fallen women
Thomas Flint Sr., Grand IHgh Priest of the Grand Chapter of Royal Arch Masons.
[From a photograph by J. R. Jlodson.]
and other offenders, many of the officers re
ceiving as nigh as $1000 per month. A eood
portion of this sum was set aside regularly
e«ch month for campaign purposes, and I
might say it was pretty effectually used, but I
finally succeeded, through the medium of the
press, in abolishing it.
] found thirty "fan-tan" games running in
Chinatown with no law to punish it. I caused
an ordinance to be passed punishing the of
fense and during the first night of its opera
tion took a squad of officers and arrested over
400 players.
I then took up the liquor-license question,
which was being vigorously opposed, and car
ried it to a successful issue in the Supreme
Court.
I then inaugurated a war upon the Chinese
f'jinale-chattel importers who were shipping
women for immoral purposes from Victoria to
San Francisco by wuy of Portland, and suc
ceeded in arresting on one occasion a consign
ment of eleven women and the rive men in
charge. 1 arrested them under a warrant is
sued by the United States Commissioner on a
charge of violating the Scott exclusion act.
The women were held as witnesses in the sum
of $100 each and the two principals in the
sum of $2000 each. All of the bail money to
the amount of $5000 was furnished by the
principals and a day or two later declared for
feited, as the entire party skipped for San
Francisco.
While I was on the way to the County Jail in
a hack with the principal, he offered me $5000
In greenbacks to let him out of the hack. On
bifl person 1 found an itemized statement of
the cost of each woman, ranging in value from
$400 to $1000, the amount paid the examining
physician, the amount paid to the alleeed
husbands, woo were taken from Portland and
registered on the outward passage at Port
Townsend as "merchants" whose wives were
entitled to return, and finally the sum paid to
the magistrate at Victoria for performing the
marriage service. These facts I afterward laid
before a United States Senatorial committee.
While engaged In this work I wrote the first
exposures of the Beecher opium scandal at
Port Townsend, which afterward led to some
unpleasant developments at Washington.
I next visited the Steilacoom Insane Asylum
in Washington, taking Dr. Chapman, the
Mayor of Portland, with me, and exposed the
manner in which Verona Baldwin had been
"railroaded" out of California into a Washing
ton asylum for shooting her alleged uncle.
The report of her mental condition made by
the doctor, together with the newspaper com
ment 1 furnished upon the case, was made the
subject of special legislative inquiry, which
resulted in her release.
1 then turned my attention to the flagrant
timber land swindles of Oregon and Washiug
ton and succeeded through the honesty of ex-
Land Commissioner Sparks in restoring sev
eral thousands of acres of land to the public
domain.
I next turned my attention to the real estate
business and was more or less identified with
various enterprises of Oregon and Washing
ton. During my career as a real estate oper
ator I expended more money for strictly news
paper advertising than any firm on the North
Pacific Coast. My average advertising ac
count was $1000 a month, and it often reached
.■£2500. I made and lost several small for
tunes there, and finally left there eighteen
months ago with (28. 1 have a suit now pend
ing in Southern Oregon for the recovery of
$11,000 on a lana deal, the proceeds of which
1 have always intended to leave with my cred
itors.
A career us aggressive as mine has been i 8
bound to result in the creatlor, of enemies
who will rejoice in my ruin, but I think that
it will be found, if the investigation is impar
tial, that my only crime is my poverty.
April 21. J. T. Flynn.
ROYAL ARCH MASONS
Election of Grand Officers for
the Ensuing Year
Completed.
Annual Convocation for th£ Ji ris
dicticn of California
Continued.
The annual convocation of the Grand
Chapter of Royal Arch Masons for the juris
diction of California resumed its labors at
the Masonic Temple yesterday morning.
The forenoon was devoted principally to
reports of standing committees. The aft
ernoon session was occupied in the elec
tion of officers with the following result:
Thomas Flint Sr. of San Juan, grand
high priest ; William Frank Pierce of Oak
land, deputy grand high priest; Eli Tucker
Blackmer of San Diego, grand king ; Fiorin
Leslie Jones of San Francisco, grand scri be ;
Franklin Henry Day of San Francisco,
grand treasurer; Thomas Henry Caswell
of S:'.n Francisco, grand recorder.
The captain of the host, grand chaplain,
grand lecturer, grand organist and grand
sentinel being appointed officers their
names will be announced by the grand
high priest to-day previous to the installa
tion of officers.
Grand High Priest Flint is a veteran
among the brethren over whom he has
been called upon to preside for the next
Masonic year. He was born ia the State
of Maine in 1824. He arrived in California
on the 4th of July, 1851, and remained as
one of the permanent and substantial pio
neers of the State. Becoming identihed
with the Masonic fraternity shortly after
his arrival he was soon recognized as a
man born to preside over his fellows.
Having passed irom chair to chair in the
Blue Lodge he was elected master of his
lodee, in whicn his ability was so appre
ciated that he was re-elected and is at
present worshipful master.
In addition to this honor he was elected
I hich priest of Hollister Chapter of Royal
! Arch Masons. Here again the superior
qualities which elevated him in the Master
Masons' Lodge and as high priest of the
chapter caused his brethren to again in
vite him to the chair in the East as com
mander of Hollister Commandery Knights
Templar, and now he bas been honored
with the scarlet robes of grand high priest
of one of the grandest bodies of men and
Masons in the world of this degree.
There are yet more honors awaiting this
high Mason in the office of most worthy
grand master of the Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia and probably the honor of reaching
I the exaited station of supreme grand com-
I rnander of Knights Tempiar of the United
i States.
Some years ago the Austrian Govern
ment issued a decree by wnicn every en
gineer who had driven his engine for an
entire year without accident should re
ceive areward of $50, and those who have
done so for ten consecutive years shall re
ceive $500 and a gold medal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
OFFICER ROURKE
IS SUSPENDED.
Chief Crowley, However,
Believes That He Is
Innocent.
POLICE CENSURE PURVIS
The Landridge Woman Denies
a Part of Mclntyre's
Statement.
MONEY IS UNACCOUNTED FOR.
Rumor That Mrs. Rose M. French Has
Two Witnesses to Prove That
Rourke Is Being "Jobbed."
The Investigation as to whether Patrol
man Thomas Rourke and Special Officer
W. J. Mclntyre are guilty of embracery is
Patrolman Rourke, Who Was Snspendcd Yesterday Pending an Investigation.
in full blast. There is no disguising the
fact that if Hannah Landridge robbed the
farmer, Bush, some one has part or all the
money. Who it Is, is the question.
Yesterday saw many developments in the
case, but nothing as yet has determined
where the money went.
Sergeant Wollweber was busily engaged
all day in endeavoring to untangle the
matted threads of testimony. The state
ments of the boy Valencia, of Rcurke, Mc
lntyre, Peshon, Wollweber and other
minor officers were taken down by
Stenographer Heyneman and type-written
copies are now in the possession of Chief
Crowley. They do noi differ materially
from those that have been already pub
lished.
There is one point, however, that may
be of importance. Mclntyre states that
early Saturday morning he" walked down
Broadway with the woman (Hannah) to
the corner of Kearny, where she left him
and walked down Kearny. During this
time, Mclntyre says, she expressed a de
sire to see Rourke. This was while the
woman was still supposed to have the
money, which is alleged to have been
taken from the farmer, in her possession.
The woman was seen at the prison to
day, and stated in a most agitated manner
that if Purvis, Peshon or anybody else
said she was with Mclntyre any time at
all Saturday morning they stated some
thing that was not true. The woman
said several times that from late Friday
evening till she sent for the messenger
boy Sunday at 1 a. m. her senses were
befuddled by liquor, and she did not know
where she was nor what she did.
She further said that the farmer tried, to
induce her to go to Chile with him, and
promised to dress her in costly garments,
make her a present of a gold watch and
chain, and in general treat her as the
legitimate partner of his earthly posses
sions.
"But," she added, "I didn't put aDy
confidence in what he said."
Her reasons in sending for Officers
Rourke or Mclntyre in preference to oth
ers is that she thought they would be
kinder to her than the rest. The reasons
for this she would not divulge.
Rourke was seen at the City Hall to-day
and conversed freely about the case.
"There is some one inside or outside of
police circles that is trying to 'job' me. I
have known this for some time. In fact.
I think there is a clique aeainst me. If I
can find out who is at the bottom of this
conspiracy there is going to be trouble.
"My friendly feeling for the Landridge
woman is easily explained. About four
years ago there was a saloon on the cor
ner of Jackson and Kearny streets known,
I think, as the 'City of Stockwell.' A man
named Morgan was robbed there by a
crook called 'Bow-legged Martin' and an
other fellow. Hannah was a hanger-on
there, and when the thieves were arrested
she gave valuable evidence for the State.
I promised her then that for this service I
would befriend her if she was ever in
need.' 1
Rourke called at the Cily Prison to see
the woman at 10 a. m. Sunday, before the
police knew the details of the case and
before the messenger- boy sent by her had
found him, and he hud along conversation
with her in the "half-cell." The only
thing known about the details of this
private conference is what Rourke him
self admits, that be told her he had once
befriended her and he did not want her to
forget him now.
One of the stories rumored yesterday
wa3 that Mrs. Rose M. French, ex-presi
dent of the Women's Civic Federation, had
told some ore that she could produce two
witnesses who would testify that Frank
Holbrook of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children had made the fol
lowing remark:
"This man Rourke took the North Beach
scandal out of our hands and ran it to suit
himself. If lam not mistaken he will be
'broke' within thirty days."
To one interviewer Mrs. French flatly
denied that she had made any such state
ment, or one even faintly resembling it.
But another person is authority for the
fact that Mrs, Trench admitted ihe truth
of the rumor, inasmuch as some member
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children is concerned, but denied that
this person is Holbrook, adding that these
two unknown witnesses had not seen tit to
con tide to her the name of the person mak
ing the remark.
Mrs. French emphatically asserted her
belief in the innocence of Rourke. She
said:
"For days I worked side by side with
him in the North Beach case, and in all
that time I never saw a man more wide
awake and conscientious in the perform
ance of his duty. I would almost as lief
mistrust myself as to believe that he
would do a dishonorable act. That is. I
mean so far as I have been enabled to
learn his character from observation and
association."
"Fat Annie," as the woman is called,
had no money when arrested and had to
borrow small sums to secure necessaries in
prison.
Rourke said during the afternoon that
he bad been suspended pending the inves
tigation by Chief Crowley.
"It must not be supposed," said the lat
ter, "that I did this because I suspected
Rourke. Far from it. He has never been
brought before the Commissioners on a
charge of corruption before and I believe
him to be an honest and efficient officer."
The case of the woman will come up be
fore Judge Joachimson to-morrow morn
ing-
THE PROHIBITION PARTY.
It Will Name a Full Ticket at the
Stockton Convention.
"Joaquin Miller is becoming quite a
liberal-minded man," said Judge R.
Tnompson, a prominent temperance advo
cute and well-known member of the Pro
hibition party, yesterday afternoon, after
he had read the address of the "Poet of the
Sierras" delivered before the members of
the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union at Pacific Grove last Friday. "He
does what he believes is right and he ap
pears to be willing to let others do like
wise.
"He asserts that the people of Italy
drink wine and that they are not drunk
ards. Well, that is easily accounted for.
The people there drink a light wine and
nothing else, because they are too poor to
procure anything stronger. The people of
France were at oDe time drinkers of only
light wines, but that created an appetite
for something stronger and they use in
toxicants. Why could not the Italians
j convert the products of their vines into
I spirits or brandy? Because it costs more
than to produce light wines and they are
too poor to purchase the higher-priced
products.
"He talks of homicides and suicides.
Now, it is a remarkable fact that for a
number of years past homicides have in
creased in the United States at the rate of
j 900 a year. This is the effect of a
I cause, and the question is, What is the
cause? Some are ready to lay it to one
cause, intoxication, but there must be
other causes. There is for a cause a want
of proper education in the right direction.
What is needed is an education that ele
vates, one that tends to eiadicate the
spirit of selfishness and produces happi
ness. The individual who seeks to make
others happy makes happiness for him
self. We who are working in the temper
ance l^ine are striving to that end.
"It is also a remarkable that the
people of the United States are the lowest
in the scale of morals in the world. Sta
| tistics show that beyond dispute, and why
is it so? I tell you, it is because the power
of government is placed in the hands of
too many who are ignorant. Joaquin Mil
ler talks of giving the ballot to women. I
am in favor of that; so is the Prohibition
party; but lam opposed to giving it to
women who are not possessed of sufficient
intelligence to understand its use and its
value. The ballot has been given too
freely in this country to too many people.
For instance, the ballot ought not to have
been given to the negroes without some
qualification ; an educational qualification.
It is true that California has taken a step
in that direction, but it should prevail all
over the Union.
"The Prohibition party is one of educa
tion. It will keep in the field; not that
we expect to obtain any offices, but we
want to remain to continue the work we
have commenced, for like all great re
forms it takes a long time to obtain the
results sought. Our purpose is to do away
with that which demoralizes and does
harm to a people, and by doing that we
benefit the people. We shall hold our
convention in Stockton next month, but
I what will be done has not yet been de
! termined upon at this time that I know
of. We shall, however, nominate a full
ticket and probably make it up in the
main from the candidates on the other
tickets. With every election we have
gained strength, and in this City, where
I we number about 600, we hold the balance
of power.* We will keep on until we ob
tain our object, and that is total absti
nence."
Wing;" Against Steam.
Erie and Pittsburg trainmen are talking
about the curious race between an express
train and a wild goose which occurred the
other day between Shadeland and the
Summit. The veteran engineer, Tony
Welsh, was at the throttle, and when the
Canadian honker came lazily soaring
alongside the engine and challenged the
iron steed to keep up with him, Tony
turned on the steam and made it neces
sary for the goose to flap his wines a little
harder, and after getting out of'sight of
the train ho would settle down in a field
and wait for the express to catch up to
him. He waited at Springboro, Conneaut
ville and Summit, and starting after the
train from tliese points, flew close to the
coach windows in full view of all the pas
sengers, who crowded over to that side of
the train to observe the queer actions of
the bir4. When the goose at one time got
close to tbe engine, Engineer Welsh pulled
the whistle and tbe bird was so badly
scared that he turned over in the air like a
tumbling pigeon.
FELLED BY JACK FROST
Fruit Suffers Severely in All
Sections of the
State.
HEAVY LOSSES ARE PREDICTED.
Peaches, Apricots, Prunes, Almonds
and Grapes Are Almost Total
Failures.
A general calamity howl has been set dp
by the fruit-growers of the State.
The frosts of the last ten days, and par
ticularly the one of Sunday night, were
uncommonly severe; hence the wholesale
prediction of disaster and destruction.
From all parts of the fruit-growing sec
tion have come reports that the crops were
much hurt, partly ruined or wholly de
stroyed.
The only crumb of encouragement to be
picked up by the fruit men so far is the
fact that predictions almost as bad have
been made in previous years, and when
the harvest came in proved to have been
greatly exaggerated.
The worst, feature of this bad and un
timely frost business, however, exists in
the belief on the part of the leading com
mission dealers that the reports from dif
ferent parts of the State have been under
rather than over drawn.
Said D. C. Allison, commission mer
chant at the corner of Front and Wash
ington streets, yesterday:
"The truth 1 am afraid has not half been
told. It is worse than it has been de
picted in the newspapers. The cherries,
apricots and early peaches will prove al
most a total failure, and grapes will not be
more than a third of a crop. All sections
have suffered alike. The Sonoma and
Napa valleys, Santa Clara, the Visalia and
Vacaville sections have sustained a loss
that cannot be estimated at this time.
Even the upland trees and vines did not
escape.
"The loss will be great to the State, and
even in the event of a short crop in the
East the consequent advance in prices here
will not compensate the growers for the
loss they must suffer from these severe
frosts."
Dalton Bros., on Davis street, near
Washington, bad a similar report
to make: "From our private corre
spondence it seems that the story has
not been half told. The matter
is worse than has been represented by the
press. Cherries, apricots, peaches and
almonds are almost a complete failure.
Prunes will also suffer greatly from the
late severe frosts. The frost of last Sun
day night was one of the heaviest ever
known at this season of the year. How
will it affect prices? Well, prices must
necessarily go up, but not high enough to
square the loss of the fruit men by reason
of the sacrificed crops."
"The reports are all bad," said A. W.
Porter of Porter Bros., Davis street, neav
Clay. "It is worse than was at first appre
hended. All the early fruit will be almost
a dead failure and peaches, prunes and
grapes are sure to be less tban a third of a
crop. We have received the most discour
aging reports from Woodland, Winters,
Armona, Kings County, Los Angeles, San
Jose and so on. My brother telephoned
me this morning that the frost had played
great havoc among the trees in the Wil
lows district, near San Jose, and also in
the Los Gatos section. I cannot see any
encouraging condition or the promise of
one."
The only encouraging reports come from
the Sacramento River country, where the
frost was less felt. The almond crop, how
ever, in all parts of the State is almost a
total failure.
Stewart & Co. was the only firm to take
a non-calamitous view of the situation.
"We do not believe things are half as bad
as tfcey are pictured. As long as any of
us have been in the business we can recall
similar reports being made nearly every
spring. No doubt the frosts have done
much harm, though we cannot believe
there is going to be entailed such great
loss as so many of the fruit men seem to
believe. At any rate good prices can be
depended on by the growers."
What the Guard Walked Back For.
'•Not infrequently," said a citizen, "you
see the guard on the rear car of a train on
the elevated road walk back through the
car and look out behind. I never under
stood exactly why he does this, but I sup
pose that at night he looks out to see that
the end lights are burning all right, and in
the daytime he looks out to see that every
thing is all right.
"In a car that I went uptown in the
other day the guard came walking back
in the usual manner, but this time he
didn't go clear to the end of the car and
look out. He sat down for a moment be
tween me and a little girl who sat in the
next to the end seat, the end seat being
occupied by a little boy. The two children
had been looking out of the windows, the
small boy on his knees in his seat, and the
little girl on her feet, but when the guard
sat down the little girl turned at once
from her window and put her arms around
his neck and the small boy turned from
his window and smiled.
"The guard had come back not to look
at the end lights or things in general, but
to take a little look at the lights of his
existence."
A salmon measuring 42V£ inches in
length and weighing 35 pounds was landed
a short time ago at Great Yarmouth (Eng
land) fish wharf. The fish was captured
in a trawl net on the fishing-grounds.
NEW TO-DAY.
ratKi(OWL
[Mm DRUG CO.,
THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
niT-P ATP
m, DRUGGISTS,
1128 ivr^iFs.irci-i-n' ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Corner Tenth St. and Broadway, Oakland,
WILL DELIVER—
Drugs, Medicines and Toilet
Articles FREE OF FREIGHT
OR EXPRESS I CHARGES ;to
any railroad point within * 1 00
miles of San Francisco or Los
Angeles when purchases amount
to $5 or over, provided orders
are accompanied with the
money. '
FREE DELIVERY.
We deliver free in Alameda,
Berkeley, V Hay wards or San
Leandro, whether ; your pur-
chase be 25c or $25.
SEND FOR PRICE-LIST;
_^^^ ■ n ....'- NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
EXCEEDINGLY
ATTRACTIVE BARGAINS
IN
NEW AND STYLISH
DRESS GOODS AND SILKS!
Notwithstanding the UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS
of our weekly special sales of Spring" Dress Mate-
rials, which have been THE ATTRACTION OF
THE TOWN ever since they were inaugurated,
the advancing season and the unusual immensity
of our importations FORCE US TO STILL FUR-
THER INCREASE OUR OUTPUT by offeringthe
following and many other lines of new and fash-
ionable fabrics at
THE LOWEST PRICES EVER RECORDED!
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
.At 28 Cents.
7500 yards 37-INCH FANCY STRIPED SCOTCH CHEVIOT, nmmei colorings, reg-
ular price 40c, will be placed on sale at 25c a yard.
.At 35 Cents.
6400 yards 37-INCH ENGLISH MIXED TWEED SUITING, extra value for 60c, will
be placed on sale at 35c a yard.
A.t 35 Cents.
5800 yards 38-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGE, splendid value for
50c, will be placed on sale at 35c a yard.
.At SO Cents.
4900 yards 54-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH SURAH SERGE, plain
colors, former price $1, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
.At SO Cents.
4200 yards 52-INCH PINHEAD CHECKS, in brown, tan and grays, extra value for
75c, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
• .At 78 Cents.
3840 yards 44-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL SCOTCH MIXED SUITING, in hairlines,
checks ana mixed effects, fine value for $1 25, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
A.t 78 Cents.
2900 yards 44-INCH SUPERIOR ALL-WOOL NOVELTY CHECKS, bright effects,
regular value for $1 25, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At SI.OO.
3650 yards 42-INCH SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, newest col-
orings and designs, worth $1 50,. will be placed on sale at $1 a yard.
At $1.25.
2700 yards 44 -INCH HIGH GRADE SILK AND WOOL MOHAIR SUITING, regular
price $1 75, will be placed on sale at $1 25 a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
: At 3O Cezxts a, "7STetrr<3. m
20 pieces 24-INCH CREAM WHITE INDIA SILK, finest quality, regular price 45c,
will be offered at 30c a yard.
.At 55 Cexxts £*> T'etxrcl..
100 pieces BLACK PEKIN SATIN, in all the different sized stripes, regular price $1,
will be offered at 55c a yard.
.At 78 Cents a, "STctxrcl..
50 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, in the very latest Bhadings, regular price
90c, will be offered at 75c a yard.
.At 78 Cents a, "STAX*d.
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED DCJCHESSE SATIN, small and large designs, regular
price $1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
A.t 78 Cexxts a. T"ard.
60 pieces FANCY TAFFETA SILK, in stripes, checks and figured designs, reeular
price 1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
A-t OS Cexxts a> TsT«,xrci..
15 pieces BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, 23 inches wide, extra heavy quality, regular
price $1 25, will be offered at 85c a yard.
At J61.00 a, TT^vx-cl.
50 pieces BLACK BROCADED SILK, in Satin and Gros-Grain grounds, regular price
$1 25, will be offered at $1 a yard.
A-t SI.OO £■» X. «*Xrd..
10 pieces 22-INCH BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, soft, heavy quality, regular price $1 50,
will be offered at $1 a yard.
At SI.OO a T*ard.
40 pieces DRESDEN TAFFETA SILK, in all the latest shadings, regular price $1 25,
will be offered at $1 a yard. •/"• m;
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At SO Cexxts.
2 cases 45-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACAS, extra good value for 75c, will be
offered at 50c a yard.
;: ; :: .At SO Cents. '"*X t :[
2 cases 46-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE, regular value 75c,
will be sold at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
25 pieces 46-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL FRENCH HENRIETTA, extra
good value for $1, will be sold at 75c a yard.
■'V- : " : ; At 75 Cents.
25 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY CHEVIOTS, regular value $1 25, will be sold
at 75c a yard.
.At 75 Cexxts. '-> '■:.■ ■■.• .
2 cases 54-INCH ALL PURE WOOL DIAGONAL CHEVIOT, regular value $1 25, will
be sold at 75c a yard.
: ivi>.'->£ ' At SI.OO. ■v.^v' j
25 pieces 50-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL BASKET WEAVE, worth regular
$1 50, will be sold at $1 a yard. '^"C>' /^ V;: •ff •
At SI.OO.
25 pieces 44-INCH FIGURED IRON FRAME ALPACA, actual value $150, will be
sold at $1 a yard.
> At 61.25.
25 pieces 48-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH CREPON, worth $1 75, will be sold at $1 25
" a yard.
■ ' . At . SI.BO. .''-v.'.- 1
20 pieces 47-INCH FINE ENGLISH MOHAIR CREPON, extra good value for 12.
will be sold at $1 50 a yard. *™
US' OUR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE Is now ready for distribution to on*
COUNTRY PATRONS ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
m M/Br^^ MURPHY BUILDINO, /
(/(/ Market suit corner tim ( /
O AK FR..aJMCZ£IOO.
910
BROWN OUSTED BY
THE CONFERENCE.
The Pastor Is Suspended
Until- Suspicion Is
Removed.
SCATHING RESOLUTIONS.
Friends of the Convicted Minis
ter Listen to His Plea
for Life.
HIS LONE GALLANT FIGHT.
A Scene of the Wildest Confusion
Folows the Announcement
of the Verdict.
Whereas, In the matter of the ecclesiastical
council called by the First Church of San
Francisco to consider charges and rumors
affecting the moral character and ministerial
standing of their pastor, sittings of which
council extended over a period of time from
February 18 to March 17, 1896, the findings of
said council have left the character and stand
ing of Rev. C. O. Brown, pastor of said First
Church of Pan Francisco, still under grave
suspicion and doubt;
First— ln respect to his explanation of pay-
Ing a certain sum of money to Mrs. Mary A.
Davidson.
Second— ln respect to the seriously impaired
testimony by which the incriminating force of
the Overman-Tunnell letters has been met.
Third— ln respect to the strange and appar
ently signiticart absence of the receiver of the
letters, which added to the council's embar
rassment in their effort to ascertain the
truth; And,
Whereas, It appears from said findings that
the Rev. C. O. Brown in at least one instance
is found guilty of having violated all rules
which should control the actions of a gentle
man and a Christian minister; and whereas,
no Christian church or body of Christian
churches can live in self-respect or the world's
respect, or can be free from complicity of evil
if it allows itself to sustain in good standing a
pastor whose reputation is so clouded and
whose conduct is so reprehensible; therefore
Resolved, That the Rev. C. O. Brown ought to
be and hereby is suspended from membership
in this the Bay Conference of Congregational
churches and ministers until such time as in
the judgment of this conference he shall have
lifted from himself the burden ot suspicion
snd doubt now resting upon his reputation
and Eliall have proved himself worthy to be
restored to the fellowship of the churches.
By a vote of 49 to 32, the above preamble
and resolution were adopted by the Bay
Conference yesterday.
For ten long hours the partisans and
enemies of Dr. Brown struggled for the
mastery. The accused pastor maue an
eloquent and earnest appeal to his breth
ren not to do the thing which meant so
much to him — more than his life in fact.
His words fell on dull ears, however.
Those who opposed him could not be
changeu by the utterances of so eloquent
a speaker as the convicted and now con
demned man. Tney had already agreed
in their own minds how they would vote
and nothing could change them.
When the verdict was announced pan
demonium seemed to break loose and Val
ley Brown, the pastor's sou, went into
hysterics, and threatened Dr. McLean
with bodily harm. It was with difficulty
that he could be restrained dv Dr. and
Mra. Brown.
One woman flew at Dr. McLean and in
voked the curse of God on his head. Out
in tne corridor men cursed and raved and
swore thai they would not submit to the
outrage. It was a most remarkable scene,
and one that will live long in the annals of
Congregationalism.
From the moment the conference was
called to order until the hour of final ad
journment Dr. Brown was subjected to a
running, scathing tire of rebuke and gen
erally harsh criticism. It is not asserting
too much to s.iy that no man, whether
minister or layman, was ever call- d upon
to face such a general condemnation.
Those who spoke lor him did so in a
half apologetic sort of way, while those
who opposed him minced not their words,
nor hesitated over their delivery. They
looked tne doctor square in the cve —
sometimes in pity and then again in scorn,
but at all times honestly and learlesslv.
Through it all Dr. Brown never flinched.
True, at limes his cheeks paled a little or
flushed, according to the force of what
was said, but further tha.u this lie gave no
outward signs of discomfiture. Once or
twice his lip curled, followed quickly by
the flashing of his eye in a most ominous
way.
Pastor Brown has frequently demon
strated that he is possessed of an iron
nerve not unmixed with that kind of
audacity which often passes for the genu
ine article. Yesterday he gave a magnifi
cent exhibition of the combination— a dis
play ot audacious nerve which commanded
the admiration, if not the respect, of those
who fought him most bitterly.
When all this has been said— his ap
parent coolness and defiant attitude, the
pahng or flushing of his cheek, the flash
ing of his eye— Dr. Brown showed in many
ways that the situation bore heavily upon
him. At the noon hour he talked with
his friends, confidently and outwardly
cajm.
. His face was pinched and drawn, how
ever, while his mustache seemed to take a
heavier droop than ever.
Dr. Brown and hi? lady friends came
early. They occupied one entire side of
the churcti and on many occasions inter
rupted the sneakers with some harsh criti
cinn. The full day's proceedings will be
found below.
Promptly at 9:30 o'clock Moderator
Cruzan called the conference to order.
Rev. Mr. Hatch read the minutes of the
last meeting, that portion relating to Dr.
Brown precipitating a. gener;:l discussion
out of which grew the following motion
introduce! by Dr. Willie, which was
parsed unanimously :
Inasmuch as reference has boon made before
this body to run:ors of untrutiifulness on the
part ot Rev. Dr. C. O. Broun touching the
sending of dispatches Ka«t concerning the
zcsnltof tne late council, acd perhaps other
rn fitters, I move that at this time I) r. Brown
have opportunity to state just what he did in
these matters and why he did it.
Before asking the council to pass on his
motion Dr. Willie said:
"I make this motion, in the first place,
as a matter of 'privilege,' because, as Dr.
Brown claims, injustice has been done him
by a tross misrepresentation of facts, giv
ing nim the ri^ht lo the floor at any time,
if he chose lo assert it. to make explana
tion and vindicate himself.
"lie has not asserted that right, but I
thought it would be more kindly and fra
ternal in a Christian body like this to open
to him the opportunity to state the facts
as they occurred, with the reasons for
them.
I make the motion, in the next place,
that we ourselves may know the facts. I
want to know them; you want to know
them. We need to get them at first hand^L
"Since we are to take action of the very^
cravest importance we need, first of all, to
know the truth.
"Therefore, not only in justice to Dr.
Brown, but for our information, I move,
as a question of privilege, that Dr. Brown
have this opportune now."
Dr. Brown, in that quick, firm wsy
which is so peculiarly his own, then ad
dressed the conference. After thanking
the members for the privilege of explain
ing bis recollection of sending the dis
patches, he said among other things: "I
had no desire or intention of deceiving any
one. When the findings of the councilwere
handed me I was in close consultation
witn friends— Mr. Merrill, Mr. Nagle, Dea
con Morse, J. V. Kimball and my son.
We read them over, and then some one
suguested that it was an acquittal. We
read it a second time, after which Mr.
Kimball said we would go to the telegraph
office. Our object was not to send a false
telegram, but to see that a garbled report
was not made."
At this point Dr. Brown read the affida
vit of Nagle, Kimball and himself, which
has already been published.
"Now in reference to the private tele
grams." continued Dr. Brown, "I sent one
to _ Mr. Gates of Kalarnazoo, reading'ac
quitted of all charges.' I also sent one to
my father and my three sons. Mr. Cole had
told me that the entire findings of the
council would be sent East. What hope
did I have to deceive any one when I
knew the papers would beat the break
fast-table of every citizen in the land the
next morning.
"I sent this telegram to my father to give
relief to agonized hearts. Aiter getting
home it occurred to me that nay telegram
to Mr. Gates might be misconstrued. The
next morning I was relieved to eet a tele
gram from the editor of the Kalama/oo
Telegram asking for fifty words."
The speaKer then read the telegram Mat
to the Kalamazoo paper, which stated that
he was acquitted on the main charges a&d
mildly censured for hasty words spoken to
a young lady.
Hardly bad Dr. Brown finished his ex
planation when Judge Havens addressed
the chair. He stated that, as the repre
sentative of others, he desired to present
the following preamble ami resolutions:
Whereas, In the matter of the ecclesiastical
council called by the First Congregational
Church of San Francisco to consider charges
and rumors affecting the moral character and
ministerial standing of their pastor, sitiings
of which council extended over a period of
time from February 18 to March 17, IS.>(>. the
findings of said council have !«>ft the character
and standing of Rev. C. O. Riown. pastor oi
said First Church of San Francisco, still under
grave suspicion and doubt:
First— ln respect to bis explanation of paying
a certain amount of money to Mrs. Mary A.
Davidson.
Second— ln respect to the seriously impaired
testimony by which the incriminating force ot
the Overman-Tunnel letters has been met.
Third— ln respect to the strange and appar
ently significant absence of the receiver of the
letters, which added to the council's embar
rassment in their effort to ascertain the truth;
and
Whereas, It appears from such findings that
I the Rev. C. O. Brown, in at least one instance,
' is found guilty of having violated all rules
j which should control the actions of agentle
: man and a Christian minister; and whereas,
! no Christian church or body of Christian
| churches can live in self-respect or the world's
respect, or can be free from complicity with
evil, if it allows itself to sustain in pood stand
ing a pastor whose reputation is so clouded
and whose conduct is so reprenensible; there
| fore bo it
Hesolvtd, That the Rev. C. 0. Brown ought to
j be and hereby is suspended from membership
i in this the Bay Conference of Cmisfreational
; Ministers until such time as in thejud^ment
: of this conference he shall have lifted from
himselt the burden of suspicion and doubt
now resting upon his reputation and shall
j have proved himself worthy to be restored to
! the fellowship of the churches.
Several members rose to their feet at
' once, the chair finally recognizing Rev. J.
; D. Foster, who moved the adoption of the
I report of the committee on credentials.
Foster began a defense of Dr. Brown, but
! was cut short by the moderator announc
j ing that the motion to adopt the report of
j the committee was laid on the table a
i week ago and could not be considered un
j less by a motion to that effect was passed.
! Rev. Mr. Hatch thcu moved the adoption
i of Jud^c Haven's resolution, seconded by
a dozen or more. There was a lot of par
j liamentary sparring, which finally sifted
I down to an expression of opinion from
every member present concerning the
guilt or innocence of Dr. Brown.
Judge Haven reviewed the scandal from
! the moment it became public property to
j the present. He said it was the duty of
the conference to take some action on the
matters left unsettled by the council.
I There was a conviction abroad tnat the
subject matter had not been thoroughly
considered by that body.
Mr. Coombe did not think it right for
j members of the council to impugn their
; own verdict. It was like a jury, finding
: that their verdict had not met popular
j favor, coming together again for the pur
pose of c; aneins; it.
Rev. Mr. Willett followed in a heated
speech in which he said that Phillip
I drunk and Phillip sober were entirely dif
ferent persons. He then attacked the
j council in a general way, finding particu
lar fault with certain members who now
sought to down Brown.
Rev. Mr. Hatch of Berkeley, pale with
| suppressed excitement, immediately
j caught the moderator's eye and advancing
: to the front of the rostrum said :
"Phillip drunk would liKe to speak,"
said Mr. Hatch from his position on the
I platform. "Phillip is very sorry that he
j was sober when he was a member of the
: council. He is sorry that he was not
drunk then, if he is now. I went into the
council prejudiced in favor of Dr. Brown.
1 did everything I could to produce the
, verdict that was rendered by the council
; and I feel sure that I was influential in
: some way in bringing it about. I went
I there to see that everything that could be
: said and done in his lavor should be said
i aud done.
! "I have leaned back against that evi
| dence from the start with all my strength,
i but in spite of that the testimony produced
i before the council has pushed me gradu
i ally over the hill until, as I stand hero to
j day, 1 believe that upon the evidence be
! fore the council, before any body of men,
I intelligent and unprejudiced, in this coun
try or any other, Dr. Brown would be con
] victed of the principal charges presented to
j that body. I think that if I could go
j through the evjdence here I could show to
] any such intelligent body of men precisely
j this fact."
At this point Dr. Brown rose to a point
of order, contending that it wan a time
honored custom amounting practically to
an established fact in law, that no jury
man be allowed to impugn his own verdict.
"This is just what this brother is doing,"
added the doctor, "he is impugning nis
own verdict."
"I have not changed my verdict," said
Mr. Hatch, in reply. "Concerning the
theory that a man is assumed to be inno
cent until proven euiltv, it does not fit this
| particular case. Dr. Brown was presumed
to be innocent, yet there are two things
j admitted by dim, which are presentediis
this resolution. First, the payment of a
certain sum of money to Mrs. Davidson.
Now the council was not satisfied with any
explanation offered them.
'•In the second place, there are the Over
man-Tunnell letters, whether genuine or
forged. If genuine they are the most
dariinini documents ever aimed at any
man. Now, there were two things the
council had to contend with. Tue burden
i of explanation and essential justice nat
■ uialiy fell on Dr. Brown. I tried with all
j my might to believe the story of Miss
! Overman. If you cannot believe the
i story of this woman, then you must take
the letters. If you do this, there is but
one conclusion to be drawn — the burden
of proof must lie on Dr. Brown.
"'lihe verdict of the council is not dis
credited by any member of the council. I
should not want that sort of verdict hang
j ing over me, I can tell you that."
Rev. S. M. Freeland claimed that the
matter had now become a blot on Congre
gationalism. Dr. Brown had admitted
sufficient to make his position questiona
i ble. He had been censured by the coun
! cil and it was the duty of the conference
to suspend him until he should prove his
innocence.
C. H. Klunn, member of the First Con
grecational Church, said it was well known
that when a criminal makes his defense
on technical grounds the public looks upon
him as guilty, whether he is or not.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22. 1896.
Rev. William Rader held that Dr. Brown
was not on trial, but every minister of the
church. He had grown to love Dr. Brown,
but all personal feeling must be laid aside.
At this point the conference adjourned
until 1:30 p. m.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Rev. Mr. Halleck of Tacoma moved that
each speaker be limited to ten minutes.
Considerable discussion followed, resulting
in the motion being laid on the table. Dr.
Brown then moved that the time be ex
tended to twelve minutes; carried. J. L.
Barker of Berkeley then followed in one of
the strongest speeches of the day. He
said:
Our Bay Conference is to-day confronted with I
a question of such vital import that it behooves i
us to proceed with the utmost care in our de- ,
liberations. At the same lime we;must assume
the grave responsibility incumbent upon us ;
and meet the issue as Christian men and i
women. It is our duty to sustain the good
name of the church of our divine Master and j
remove any stigma brought upon tue church
by any man, be he layman or preacher, who
shall be guilty of conduct unbecoming a fol
lower of him whose name we bear. Such a .
state of affairs exist to-day in the cuarges pre
ferred against Rev. C. O. Brown, at present oc- j
cupying the pulpit of the First Church, San j
Francisco. . !
I would gladly vote for the vindication of
Dr. Brown did I believe him innocent, but the
evidence is altogether against him, and, in my |
opinion, had the evidence of Mrs. Brown been \
eliminated at the time of his trial before the |
council and certain information received i
since I believe he would have been convicted
on the main charge, tvs her testimony certainly
had real weight with the council. This testi
mony by recent evidence is seriously im
penciled.
Brethren, the motion before us of suspension
from this conference is as mild as we could
possibly make It, for he has shown himself by
mans acts unworthy to occupy the Christian
pulpit.
He has been guilty of conduct unbecoming
in ft Christian gentleman, and while preaching
■elf-saci llloa to his nock he has shown himself
supremely selfish in that he has shown him
seil willing to wreck our mother church in
order to save himself. ■
1 believe that Dr. Brown, because of his
acknowledged ability, is a most dangerous
man; he has strone points and many weak
ones. Certain infirmities of temper, over
which he seems to exercise no control, render
ing him capable of doing great injury to the
cause of Jesus Christ; he also possesses a most
remarkable power, the nature of which is a
mystery none can understand, by which he has
been able in more than one instance (by a
wave of the hand as it were) to influence a
complete retraction of statements made
agaiust him.
Brethren, these things render him capable of
doing great harm to our cause, and we owe it
to ourselves, to the community at large, and
more than all else to the cause of our Divine
Master, to remove frcm ministerial standing as
far as we are able this man who has given our
church such a staggering blow that it will take
five years to recover. The Church cannot
afford to be weak-kneed on this matter. De
cisive action is demanded of this conference
here and now.
How can you ask business men to contribute
money to build churches and carry on the i
work, when you permit such a man to go on
unrebuked, who has damaged the cause by un- I
doing the work of years? This is not the time
for temporizing; it is the time for action.
Deacon I. H. Morse was the next
speaker. He said that he came as an
officer of the church. He was glad that
some one had preferred charges, because
they now had some tangible basis for sian
der.
"Would I travel this continent from sea
to sea if 1 thought Dr. Brown guilty?" he
continued. " I have for fourteen years
fought for the purity of the pulpit and
will continue to do "so. I know that Dr.
Brown is an innocent man, and I will
stick to him if I have to s'.and alone."
Other members of the conference made
short speeches for and against the resolu
| lution submitted by Judge Havens.
George Gaden, delegate from the new
Cooper Congregational Church, made a
tiery talk in which he stated that not I
nearly all the members of the First Church ;
! were desirous of haviner Dr. Brown con- i
I tinue as pastor. He unrolled a long list,
said to contain 194 names, and he added
that there were over 100 more wtio did not
sign from tear of petty persecution.
Brown made a motion that Gaden be
compelled to produce the names of the
alleged dissatisfied members, but the rev
erend gentleman failed to get a second.
He alleged that some names on the list
were fraudulent and he had reasons to
believe there were many others.
At this point Rev. F. B. Perkins deliv
ered himself of a stirring speech against
the resolution as proposed, offering the
following as a substitute:
"That in view of the widespread painful
questionings and uncertainty which pre
vails in all communities where reports of
tne matters involved in this inquiry and
of Dr. brown's present inahility to so ex
plain them as to afford grounds for public
confidence in his Christian character and
worthiness to stand forth as an accredited
minister of the .Lord Jesus Christ, this
conference urge 3 Dr. Brown kindly but
earnestly to withdraw from the pastorate
of the First Congregational Church of San
Francisco and from the ministry of the
word until such time as God by his provi
dence shali vindicate his good name, and
restore him to public confidence.
"Tnat in the event of Dr. Brown's refusal
to act upon the advice of the conference,
it must decline to recognize him as a Chris
tian minister, or in any way to become
responsible for his ministerial standing
until such time as his worthiness of such
recognition and support has been proven."
The substitute failed to arouse sufficient
enthusiasm to call for a second.
Dr. McLean followed in a lengthy speech,
in which he severely scored Dr. .Brown,
saying:
"I hope I may be credited with absolute
sincerity when 1 say that my position is
most painful. I stand here only because
of the most intense loyalty to the Lord
Jesus Christ— loyalty to truth. When in
the early part of the year Dr. Brown came
into the Monday Club and asked for con
tinued faith, I asked that it bs accorded
him. Later-when the startling disclosures
were made in the press I was shocked. He
told me that if given an opportunity he
would clear himself. His attorneys at
that time would not allow him to speak.
1 went with the council, believing that all
| would be right, but later, like a big black
serpent, the disgusting details came out."
Dr. McLean then reviewed the calling of
I the council and its verdict. He spoke of
I the mysterious disappearance of Mrs.
■ Tunnell and expressed it as his opinion
that it was concocted in Brown's house
hold. The speaker also referred to the
way in which the accused man dropped
the prosecution of Mrs. Davidson in the
criminal courts. In a quietly sarcastic
way he went over the testimony of Miss
Overman, paying particular attention to
that young woman's explanation of the
Overman-Tunnell letters. He said there
was not a pe.-son in San Francisco who had
not read these letters.
At this point Dr. Brown's lady friends,
including Mrs. Rogers and Mac Davis,
rose en masse and loudly protested that
they had never read them. Dr. McLean
was not the least disconcerted over this
spontaneous outburst, but continued un
ruffled his scathing denudation of the
pastor.
Deacon Dexter, Rev. Mr. Flawith and
Rev. L. L. Wirt followed in short speeches.
The latter said that if Dr. Brown would
• place nis hand on the Bible and swear
that he was innocent he would believe
him. Somi! one Jsuggested that the
accused man hau done this before the i
council, but the remark was lost in the
confusion of a motion to adjourn until 7
o'clock.
At the evening session Revs. Mr. Chap
man, Mr. Tubos, Dr. Mooar, Dr. Williams !
and Deacon Dewing followed in similar ;
speeches.
Dr. Foster then moved that the general
debate close with a statement from Dr.
Brown. That gentleman said:
"We are neaiing the close of a memor
able debate, the issues of which, in the
solemnity of thi3 hour, I would have you
understand is life or death. lam not here
to impugn the motives of any, though I
have often wondered how my brothers
wculd have felt under similar circum
stances. I have wondered if the harsh
words could have fallen so easily from
their lips if they haa been placed where I
am now.
"With ail deference to the interpreta
tion of this document made by some of
my brethren here to-day, I must express
my wonder at their action in impugning
it and their interpretation of it. The pub
lic at large interpreted this document as
an acquittal. Both my friends ana my
foes bo understood it and interpreted it.
The secular press took this view, as did
also the religions press wherever it chose
to mention the matter at all."
The reverend doctor then proceeded to
read a number of editorials from religious
papers; also letters from the Rev. T. O.
Douglass of lowa and other well-known
clergymen, all of which tendeded to sus
tain the view that the verdict of the coun
cil was an acquittal.
"I am charged," the doctor went on,
"with having b very peculiar temper, but
under circumstances such as those under
which 1 am laboring I hope Christian
charity may find some excuse for me in
case I display some feeling over an affair
which so nearly and seriously affects me.
The charges of adultery were not sus
tained. The other charges hinged more or
less upon it, yet the evidence failed to sup
port the atrocious accusation. What right,
then, had my brother of Plymouth Con
gregational Church to assail me here as he
did not dare to do during the council?
"Such a proceeding is unexampled in
the history of Congregationalism. Never
has a Congregational conference been
erected into a court of final appeal. Con
gregationalism has no permanent court of
adjudication. In this it differs from
Methodism and Presbyterianism. Yet I
doubt whether in any Presbyterian or
Methodist tribunal I could be held guilty,
especially considering the forlornly flimsy
character of the evidence adduced against
me.
"By the interpretation placed upon the
verdict this afternoon, every ray of hope
has been blotted out from my path. The
clouds of duplicity, juggling and hatred
are meeting over my head. Why cannot
my brethren in the ministry be honest?
When they said in their verdict that they
hoped that I might be even more fruitful
and useful in the vineyard of the Lord,
what did they moan? If they meant that
I was to bo useful in a law-office, or fruit
ful in my gains as a vender of merchan
dise, then their words of hope and cheer
are a damnable and most heartless decep
tion, and a bitter, mocking sarcasm.
"Now there are some of my dear breth
ren who were in the council who have
been honest enough to-day to say that
they have reversed their decision. Yet
strange to say these men are of the same
opinion with those who have not changed
at all. If they have been influenced by
the opinions of others then indeed they
have done a most unworthy thing. Public
opinion is a dangerous judge. St. Paul at
Lystra and Deibe was stoned by the ver
dict of public opinion.
"The same tribunal cast him into the
Mamertine prison. Great great men in
church and state have suffered much from
public opinion.
"How unfair Is the remark that the
charges against me have never been dis
proved. I answer that they have not been
proved. The charge of adultery preferred
1 by the white-huired slanderer and black
i mailer was the only definite one, and that
was not sustained. It is referred to only
for the purpose of wounding me. Wounds
! are oftimes deep and painful, but no
wounds can compare with those dealt by a
brother's hand.
"As to the $500, I was undergoing an
ordeal of the severest character. I had
enemies who were hounding me to the
very death. The worst of these threatened
to expose me to the odium of a sworn
charge of adultery attested to by three
female witnesses. Under the influence of
this fear I did what at the moment seemed
best. I paid the money first, to stave off
a horrible, false accusation; second, to
| secure some evidence against the "killed
] criminal who bluckmai.ed me. I also
hoped to get ihe money back eventually.
"Miss Overman* testimony bore "the
stamp of truth. She said much in her
j own disfavor, and it must have cost her a
'. great effort. The Overman-Tunnell letters
I were forced and altered, and what is there
strange about it? The trick is a well
worn oqe among criminals of the stamp of
Mrs. Davidson. Mrs. Tunnell's absence is
also regarded as a very strange and mys
terious affair, but I cannot be expected to
answer for any one's goin: s and comings.
Miss Overman's departure is another mat
ter which has called forth much severe
criticism.
"But if ever a woman was hounded out
of a city she waß. Her work over, she
went, leaving a note for me and Mrs.
Brown, saying that she would seek Mrs.
Tunneil.
"No less than four Judges of the c"vll
courts have assured me that i.ie evidence
against me would not, in their opinion,
have been sufficient to bind me over from
a lower to a higher tribunal. Some members
of the council assured me that they were
looking for evidence to condemn me! The
very sexton of my church was even asked
as to the pasition and condition of a bed
lounge in my office. The brother who
spoke to him on such a topic ruiirht have
had the sexton called before the council
since he could say nothing against me. I
dety any one to prove that I have gone
from house to house trying to prevent"wit
nesses from testifying before the council."
"How about Mrs. French?" asked the
Rev. Mr. Flawith.
"I did not attempt to keep her from
testifying," answered Dr. Brown shortly,
"and if I did why is she not here to
say so?"
Deacon Crawford and Deacon Williams
made some inaudible remarks, apparently
by way of encouragement. Deacon Morse
also gave a brief account of the Davidson
trial in the Superior Conrt, tending to
prove the absence of all collusion on Dr.
Brown's part.
"During this terrible day your words of
hatred and ill-will have seared deep down
in my heart like the hot irons of inquisi
tors. Not a kind, a generous, a Christian
word was spoken for me. You, Deacon
Williams, who tramped the streets of San |
Francisco seeKing for evidence to damn
and ruin me, could you not afford to say
one word of kindness for me?"
"I never sou.ht for any evidence against
you," protested Deacon Williams, rising
from his seat in great perturbation.
"You who have condemned me," went
on the pastor, disregarding the deacon' 3
interpolation, "till the day of judgment
i you will never know what I have endured
at the hands of fellow Christians. Jews
and atheists have consoled me where my
brethren in the ministry have failed me.
And now what path opens before me if
you condemn me on suspicion? I once
learned how to shoe horses, perhaps I
could do it again.
"In case of war I could fight for my
country as I did before sonic of you who
now turn from me were even born ; as I
fought while others of you who look upon
me now with glaring eyes of bitterest
scorn were far from the field of battle.
'In my last extremity I salute you as a
Christian minister should greet Christian
people. Rather would I suffer the pen
j alty of instant death at your hands than
' drag out a lite of ignominy nnd -r a dam::
--| ing shadow of false accusation."
Several members of th« conference rose
; as soon as Dr. Brown had left the p'at
[ form, and for a time there was consider
able confusion. Quiet was restored by Dr.
Foster's moving that the vote be cast
without delay, those not members of t lie
conference being requested to withdraw
| into the lecture-room adjoining.
The church, being cleared ot strangers,
j a long discussion ensued as to the propor- !
! tion of votes required for the carrying of ]
j the resolution. ,
It was at length decided, after many hot
words and a rising vote of 42 against 31,
that a simple majority of ballots would ba
I sutticient to work the suspension of t:,e
: ae< used pastor.
! The vote was then taken np. Rev. Mr.
j Mooar, W. L. Merriam, Professor Goodwill ;
] and Deacon Meyers were the tellers, i
I During the balloting Dr. Brown's face wus
a study. Pale, drawn and haggard, his I
countenance reflected the thoughts and
apprehensions which surged through his j
I SOUi.
His lips seemed dry and moved ncr- j
vously, but his eyes flashed with all the
fire of youthful hope, albeit mingled with i
a haunting fear. Beside him sat Deacon i
Morse, who consoled him now and then j
with some whispered word of comfort. As i
their names were called both pastor and!
deacon dropped their ballots with the
rest.
Before the votes were counted. Dr. Brown j
moved that the voters be counted in order I
to avert mistakes.
This motion was promptly seconded,
and then there was much ado", since some
of the voters had left the church after de
positing their ballots. After much hurry
ing to and fro it was found that most of
the votes could be accounted for and that
no suspicion of fraud need be entertained.
Then the votes were counted.
"There are 49 votes in favor of the ac
ceptance of the resolution and 32 against
its acceptance," announced the moderator
in clear, cold-cut tones; and then silence
fell upon the assembly. If the two-thirds
motion had not been "lost Dr. Brown would
have been vindicated.
"I move we adjourn," shouted a voice,
followed by a chorus of seconds. In
silence the condemned pastor and his
judges started to leave the sacred edifice.
Meanwhile news of the verdict had
reached the waiting crowd in the lecture
room. The two bodies of human beings
met at the church door and a scene of
wildest confusion followed. Valent?"ne,
the pastor's son, made a lunge at Dr. Mc-
Lean, whom Dr. Brown's friends accuse of
being at the bottom of the affair, and
when pre%-ented by force from attacking
him burst into tears and impotent curses.
"May God's judgment descend upon
you, Dr. McLean," cried a lady, falling
upon her knees.
Some men voiced the same malediction
in less polished terms, and for full fifteen
minutes the little church was like a
bedlam.
At the railway station on Market street
the scene was repeated.
"The thing was fixed!" exclaimed one
of the prominent members of the council.
"One or two men were bent on Dr.
Brown' 3 undoing, and by means of fraud
and villainy they succeeded in bringing
about the fulfillment of their un-Christian
plots. There aro none so fiercely severe
upon a man in trouble as those who have
some secret iniquity of their own to hide."
On the boat Mrs. Cooper and her ad
heaents occupied the forward end of the
cabin, the pastor and his flock the stern.
Neither group communicated with the
other, and when the wharf was reached
the pastor, with his wile and son, took a
car ior their home.
"I am not downed yet," was all that Dr.
Brown cared to say; but he said it as
though he had still some hope.
WITH THE LABOR UNIONS
The Barbers to Open an Ag
gressive War Upon Their
Enemies.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Barbers'
Association of San Francisco was held Mon
day night. It was decided to ask ministers
of all denominations to take up the cudgel
against shaving on Sunday, and preach
sermons in support of the observance of
the Sabbath day. It is believed that if the
Supreme Court will not uphold the anti-
Sunday shaving law, the ministers of the
gospel may assist the barbers by institut
ing a moral boycott upon the practice. F.
Hodges, in discussing the Supreme Court's
decision, made this point. The law was
declared to be unconstitutional, because
it was class legislation. Mr. Hodges asked
why the local ordinance prohibitine the
washing ami ironing of clothes in laun
dries after 10 o'clock at nisht was not also
declared to be unconstitutional, because
it was class legislation, when that ordi
nance was before the Supreme Court sev
eral years aso. The Supreme Court of
New York has upheld the Sunday shaving
law of that State.
Notices will be sent to all the barbers in
the City to close their shops at 8 o'clocfe
on all week nights excepting Saturday.
This order will be strictly enforced on and
after Juiy 1. Any shops violating this
order will be boycotted by the Trades
Alliance and other unions with which thi3
j union is affiliated. Boycotts will be placed
upon all shops kept open after 12 o'clock
on Sundays.
A perpetual boycott was placed upon the
"Barbers' College," at 1515 Howard street.
It was asserted that the man who runs
the place charges $40 for teaching the
trade in eight weeks; also that all the
"graduates" turned out of the college so
far are the worst kind of face-scrapers
imaginable.
The barbers are going into politics in
earnest, so it was decided. They are de
termined to elect men to office who will
make laws that will afford them some pro
tection, and from what can be learned
about 2000 will swing into line on such an
issue. The 5-cent barber-shops came in
for a goodly share of condemnation and
active steps will be taken to drive them
out of the City.
The Barnefs' Association of California
met last night and was addressed by T.
Burns of the Labor Council. He advised
that the several barbers' unions consoli
date and make a united fight for closing
the shops at 12 o'clock Sundays. Within
the past week 500 signatures have been
procured from boss and journeymen mem
bers who will not patronize barbers'sup
ply-shops that furnish supplies to the
5-cent snops. It was stated that while the
10-cent shops are the most affected by the
5-cent shops their bosses and men are the
least interested in the reform movement.
The 80-s Barbers' Protective Association
met last night and initiated fifty new
members. It was decided to hold a'mass
meeting of the craft within two weeks to
take action upon the 5-cent shops, the
"barbers' college," the Sunday-closin^
question and other matters of importance!
ihe recent decision of the Supreme Court
was condemned.
At a meeting of the Amalgamated
Woodworkers' Union last evening a report
was made that Charles J. Bruschke, the
recognized enemy of trades unions, was
importing cheap workmen from the State
of Washington.
_.-.--,- -.-,_-^_ -,_-,_._ NEW TO-DAY.
A great many men go to work in the morning feeling more
hke going to bed. Others start in all right, but feel like quitting
about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. "That's the way I felt. I was
bo nervous and broken down, and I would get so tired in the
afternoon, that I could hardly finish my day's work ; then at
night I could not sleep. My nervous system was in a state of
collapse all the time. I finally, after trying many other reme-
dies, got one of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belts, and after wearing it
for one month I regained my strength so far that I could do a
hard day's work and not feel tired, and ever since then I sleep
sound. I have been made a strong and healthy man by Dr. San-
den's Belt," wptes Ed M. Pierce, in the employ of the Guada-
loupe Dairy, Fifteenth avenue and San Bruno road, San Fran-
cisco.
Electric Belt is unlike any other, in that it is made with a view
to applying electricity intelligently. Most electric belts are sold
as a piece of merchandise, without consideration of the use that
is to be made of it. Dr. Sanden's Belt is applied by a physician
of thirty years' experience, whose knowledge of electricity and
its action is an absolute guarantee of the good effect from Dr.
Sanden's Belt. In every case he makes a thorough scientific
examination of the patient's complaint before he prescribes a
belt, and the patient then has the benefit, free of any charge, of
his advice and assistance until cured. If you can't call send' for
the book, "Three Classes of Men," free.
»-A.iai3B3Xr BIiECTHIC 00..
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Houra-8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday a, 10 to I.
LOS ANGELE3, CAU I RTfAKn __
HUNTINGTON WILL
GET A BAD SCARE
When Sutro Steps Off the
Train in Washing
ton City.
FEARS HE IS TOO LATE.
The Mayor Says the Octopus It
self Is Working for That
2 1-2 Cent Fare.
WANTS TO STOP TRANSFERS.
The Affiliated Colleges and Library
Matter Is in a Very Bad
• Way.
Mayor Sutro in speaking yesterday of
his contemplated journey East said:
"There is one thing certain that if I go to
Washington my presence will scare the
life out of C. P. Huntington. lam afraid,
however, that it is too ]ate— that the fund
ing bill is too far on the road to final pas
sage. Still I must get away from here for
a time. I need a rest and a change and I
may drift into Washington.
"I am personally acquainted with a
number of Senators and members of the
House and I know that they have a high
personal regard for me— at least respect,
and I feel that I could even yet give the
j common enemy a hard fight.
"I am aware that Huntington uses
every engine that money can buy to
create a false impression concerning me
personally as a part of his fight, and I am
i equally sure that I could change that
I sentiment very quickly once on the
! ground. It is almost a hopeless task,
i however, to stem the current now. It is
1 the people of California against the united
| corporate power of the country. For all
the big corporations are irterested in
this fight and are lending their aid. in
fluence and millions to carry that bill.
i The odds are too much."
Asked as to the statue of the Affiliated
Colleges matter, the Mayor said that it
was badly muddled with law questions.
"They have gone along fooling about plans
and doing nothing practical until my deed
had laj.sed. There will be no trouble
I about that, however, as I will give an ex
tension of time if desired and if tfce other
questions can be settled. As to the library
site, I never agreed to give a deed unless
the sito be freed from taxation. That
seems to be a difficult matter. There
were at the meeting yesterday Judee Wal
lace, Reuben Lloyd, Arthur Rodgers, Major
Mhoon and Joseph H. Moore, all good
lawyers, but they seemed to see no way of
: meeting the difficulty. They seem to seri- I
ously desire a settlement of the question,!
and I certainly do. I want to fix it up ,
before I go away."
As to the report that he was to make an
attempt to secure a streetrailway franchise j
over Bush street, the Mayor said : "No, 1
am not thinking of any such thing. And,
speaking of that, has it occurred to you
; that this cry of a 2^-cent fare and the j
| abolition of transfers is raised by the octo- j
pus? That's where it comes from. I was I
at something of a loss to explain the sud- ''
den movement in all directions at once. I j
have figured it out. You never saw one of
these concerted movements like this ex- j
cept some big power is belrind it. In this
instance it is the octopus, working through
these improvement clubs throughout the !
City. The octopus would like very much i
to get rid of the transfer system. It is
very expensive to them. This is tde first j
time I have mentioned this matter, but I i
am certain that this is a move of the octo
pus."
POLITICAL ECONOMY CLUB.
Questions of Interest Discussed at the
South ParK Settlement.
The third meeting of the Political Econ
omy Club, organized by Professor Bernard
Moses of the State University, was held at
the South Park settlement last night.
The settlement and tbe club are each a
part of the scheme looking to the spread
ing of advanced philosophical thought
among those who are unable to take ad
vantage of a university course. So far the
settlement has proved a successful experi
ment.
Twice a month the meetings are held at i
the home, at which times professors from !
the university and men of Jocal promi- .
nence take part in debates on subjects of !
deep political and philosophical interest.
Professor Moses was to have presided
at the meeting last night, but Professor
Plein of the university officiated as chair
man. There was nearly a fuli member
shit, of the club present.
The question for debate was: "Are the
Conditions of Production Favorable or
Unfavorable at Present, and What Are
the Conditions Most Favorable."
J. M. Reynolds opened the disenssion
with a pithy review of the existing politi
cal conditions considered from anon-parti
san view jioint ana was followed by Pro
fessor Carl Plein, James S. Reynolds, J.
Munsell Chase, editor of the Hotel Ga
zette, J. W. West, V. L. O'Bren and
others. The discussion was interesting.
A saloon was established recently on the
ice in the middie of the St. John River,
between St. Leonards, New Brunswick,
and Van Buren, Me. The saloonkeeper
has been doing a big and demoralizing
business among the Maine foik, and the
earnest prohibitionists on the American
side of the river are talking of blowing up
the ice with dynamite.
In the year 620 the mulberry tree was
first cultivated in Greece and the Levant
for the benefit of the silkworms.
NEW TO-DAY.
America at Athens
\ KtN y
The victory of the American
Eagle in the revival of the Olym-
pian Games of ancient Greece is
\ suggestive of the
\ iL victories won by
\ Ndj%L the American
/^^Si^v dentifrice, SO-.
ssif|§§n|& ZODONT over
%v 4 jf !l T^aU competitors
during the past
/s§Slslf SO years. & It
! ITfrag^tJ is interesting to
! SOZG« observe that^So-
l |t™; h h. zo6ont is de-
i jjrEr^j rived from the
i 2 ! VinSin[| Greek words "so-
M j^Sr^M 20," to preserve,
£ isSS?3S and "odontes,"
! ! gS| the teeth*
«3 Og|p|g!ii If you wish to teat
— the merits of famous
bottle will be mailed on c 0 oof0 of a sampla
bottle will be mailed on receipt of 3 cents for
postage. Provided you mention this paper.
Address Hall & Rackel, Wholesale Druggists;
22 Geary St., Neap Kearny.
j Black Silk Brocades— 90c Yard
Black Silk Brocades— sl/25 Yard
111 Geary Brocades— sl.so Yard
Black Silk Brocades— 90c Yard
Bluck Silk Brocades— sl.2s Yard
Black Silk Brocades— sl.so Yard
I Black Silk Brocades— s2.oo Yard
I Black Peau de Soie— Yard
I : Black Peau de Soie— sl.2s Yard
I Black Peau de Soie— sl.so Yard
I Black Satin Ducliesse— sl.oo lard
8 Black Satin Duchesse — $1.25 Yard
Black Satin Duehesse— sl.so Yard
| Novel and Elegant Designs.
Remarkable Values at
X Above Prices.
1 SAMPLES FORWARDED AND GOODS
si SENT C. O. D.
I R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
4ZMRNYSI
TS THE VERY Bh.sv u.NK To *XAMIVK
glasses with instruments of Hi!
whose superiority has net been i: » Ted My mat
§Jw 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
• SPECIAL-IT- DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
I >J mgall forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Dls-
i 118 ? 8 - . Over years' experience. Book sent free.
| intients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
: Hours. 9to i dally: 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sundays,
IB lolJ. Consultation free and sacredly confiden-
; tial. Call, or iKklress
j i». Rosiot: JIcSriTT, M.D..
28i£ Kearay Street, Sail Fraavi««o, C«l.
DR.WOSGWOO -^s,
Chinese Drug* fflp^^^^S^
I and Tea and Herb Kg
_„ Sanitarium. t-7 ••!•
\ 776 CLAY STKEET, rSL _^ «1
Bet. Kearny and Dnpont, ttJI fl%*\ . Mf
■ • ban Francisco. i Wi \S>^ Tim
I, the undersigned, have •! / . Of
been : cured from kidney /Lv ff
trouble, from wbiofa I y r*m^\ *y i
suflpren for over 10 years, f 'Mifc. / A
Baja California
Pamiana Bitters
COSaiOFOXjITAN'
EcSk tor tUe^oHci^K 00 * 011 '° and fro » "ShoceLA. PAGE BROWN'S
BIG INSURANCE
Fifty Thousand Dollars Paid
Recently to His
Widow.
A POSSIBLE LAWSUIT.
Ten Thousand Dollars of Acci
dent Policies Are Hang
ing Fire.
A LIMITED TIME FOR DYING.
The Deceased Came Outside of the
Ninety-Day Period and the Courts
May be Sought.
The two insurance companies in each
of which Architect A. i*age Brown had a
life policy of $25,000 have paid the poli
cies in full, thus starting the widow in
life with a neat nestegg of $50,000.
At the time of his death he had two ac
cident policies aggregating $10,000 in the
United States Casualty Company. These
policies, in the usual form, provided for
the payment of $50 per week indemnity
in case of accident or disability for a cer
tain number of weeks.
The company has not yet paid the loss.
It has offered to pay the indemnity of $50
per week from the time of the accident up
to the time of Mr. Pa»e 's death, and while
it has not yet positively refused to pay the
$10,000, the full amount of the policies, it
has taken the matter under consideration
in its New York office.
The hitch, if such it may be called,
arises from the existence in the policies of
a proviso to the effect that no claims will
D cases where death occurred in
more than ninety days after the accident.
A «i:i:iiar proviso has been Inserted in the
rolices of other accident insurance com
i aaies, the reason for the proviso being,
according to the statement of insurance
men. that experience has shown that
nearly all fatal accidents produce death
within ninety days.
As Mr. Brown died 106 days after he was
injured in the runaway accident his poli
cies were forfeited according to the judg
ment of the insurance people, the policy
being a contract and the proviso being
plain and unmistakable. There is no con
tention as to the fact that the injured
architect never left his bed from the time
he was injured until he died. Insurance
people say that he has forfeited his poli
cies by not dying soon enough and that
all he is entitled to is the indemnity of $50
per week for 106 days.
Mr. Brown's representatives will bring
the matter into the courts should the com
pany refuse to pay the claim, in which
event the case will be of more than ordi
nary interest to accident insurance com
panies and to persons holding policies un
der them. Horace G. Platt, counsel for
the company, is in New York consulting
with the heads of the institution, while
Harold Wheeler, the attorney for Mrs.
Page, is here biding his time and keeping
his armor polished for the fray.
J. D. Maxwell, manager for the insur
ance company, said yesterday that the
ninety-day clause is inserted in all acci
dent insurance policies as a barrier against
fraud. For instance, a man might have
been insured more than a year ago and his
insurance may have run out. Some day
a relative may walk in the office and claim
the premium on the ground that the in
sured had recently died from injuries re
ceived more than a year past. The proofs,
or pretended proofs, will be ready and the
insurance company will be placed at the
disadvantage of having to explore a field
in which all the evidence favorable to it
self has been mutilated or destroyed.
On the other gide.it is contended that
such could not be the case in the Page
matter. It is urged, also, that it would be
against good morals to enforce the ninety,
day proviso where there is evidently no
fraud. Thus the case of a poor mechanic
stricken down by an accident.
All that he has to leave behind to hi 3
wife and children is the accident policy
He lingers on and on, growing worse and
worse. The physician from the first has
predicted his death. "When it comes to
the eighty-eighth or eighty-niuth day and
he still lingers hopelessly in the grave,
though not dead, it is a terrible situation
for his wife and children. If he 6hould
live beyond the ninetieth day the direst
poverty would be their lot. If he should
die before the expiration of the ninetieth
day they would have a home and a refuge
from the storms of life.
W. A. Lawson, the attorney, baa been
looking recently over Supreme Court de
cisions on accident insurance cases. He
said yesterday that in all such cases the
courts have given the insured the benefit
of the doubt, notwithstanding the strict
constructions of the provisos contended
for by the companies. Some of the cita
tions are very peculiar. Thus, in a case
where a man was choked to death acci
dentally while trying to swallow a tough
piece of steak the insurance company con
tended that the policy should not be paid,
because the death had not been caused by
"external and violent means."
The court in rendering its decision
Pointed out that the provision in the
policy was inserted for the purpose of pro
tecting the company from imposition in
cases where a man might die from disease
and allege that it was accident. The de
cision was given against the company.
A similar plea and decision were noted
in a case wnere a man was asphyxiated by
poisonous eases in a well, the court saying
that the proviso against death by the in
halation of gases meant the common use
of gas in dentistry and surgery, in which
event the proviso would hold good and the
company would not be held liable.
Other cases were cited in which the in
sured met his death while t setting off the
train at the end of the journey for which
he had been insured, the companies con
tending that the journey having been
completed the policies lapsed, but the
courts held that the policies must be paid.
8. C. Pardee, a well-known insurance
man, said yesterday that about $325,000
was annually paid as premiums in Cali
fornia for accident and casualty insurance.
Held for liurglary.
William Sanboru, the dive performer, who
fell from the roof of Artcmus Webster's resi
dence, 1004 Pine street, about two weeks ago,
was yesterday held by Judge Joachimsen to
auiwer before the Superior Courton the coarse
of burglary in $2000 bonds. Sanborn con
ducted nis own defense and pleaded that
owing to the fact of being very drunk at the
time his mind was a blank as to what hap
pened then.
DONAHUE FOUNTAIN.
Executors of J. Mervyn Donahue's
Estate Slay Soon Have the
Money to Build It.
The prospects are that the affairs of J.
Mervyn Donahue's estate will soon be in a
condition to permit the executors — Peter
McGlynn and Fred Burgin— to carry out
the wishes of the testator in regard to
buildiug a magnificent fountain at the in
tersection of Bush, Battery and Market
streets.
A suit concerning some railroad stock
deposited as a guarantee or security pledge
was decided by the Superior Court in favor
of the executors a few weeks since and the
present indications are that no appeal will
be taken to the Supreme Court. As soon
as the Httle factional controversy now in
progress amon? the owners of the Dona
hue road is settled the directors will prob
ably adiust the matter relating to the
pledged stock.
Messrs. McGlynn and Burgin will en
deavor to provide a fountain creditable to
San Francisco and worthy of the testator's
generosity.
The will authorizes the executors to ex
pend $25,000 for the fountain.
BOTH DIED BY HANGING
Ernest Weber and Christopher
Helm Commit Sui
cide.
One Feared Approaching Poverty and
the Other Was Tired of Long
Suffering.
Ernest Weber, a butcher, aged 65 years,
living at 1424 Howard street, and Christo
pher Helm, aeed 60 years, living at 560
Howard street, committed suicide by hang
ing yesterday morning, and their bodies
were removed to the Morgue. Weber was
remorseful because of dragging debt and
Helm was tired of life through ill ness.
For some time past Weber's strange ac
tions have excited attention. He had won
$15,000 in the lottery, and this money had
gradually dwindled away. He had pro
vided well for his family, however, and
just before his death felt deep concern for
his own, as the following letter, written in
German, will testify:
My Dear Wife: Having had so much misfor
tune in business and always getting more
debts, I made an end and took my life, for
from all that is left you can. afford to live quite
well. The other way all would have gone, be
cause business always went worse, and last
week I did not even make 100 cents, and the
expenses are too large for the little income,
and so I thought it my duty to provide for you.
Dear wife, don't trouble yourself; the money
which is in the house will last till the 28th of
this month.
The 26th you have to pay $33 for the street
work on Page street, and the next 'itith the
rest, and every 28th you must pay $26 25 in
terest, and the Ist of each month the money
for the water. If you have not enough money,
until you get the $2000 from the lodge, yo"u
ask Woertz to get you $100 from the lodge.
The lodge will do that. Now, you have to see
what to do with the debts I have. I think they
will be satisfied with 25 cents on the dollar.
Take the horse from the stable and bring it to
Meller. The receipts for everything of the last
month you shall tind in the safe in the second
box, also the will and the papers of the lodge.
Now, you know all. I will forgive my enemies
who cuused my misfortune. Your loving hus
band, Ernest Weber.
When Weber's butcher-shop wa3 opened
by A. Pfender yesterday morning, he was
startled to tind Weber's body suspended
from the transom of an innv door. The
Coroner was notified and the body was re
moved.
Christopher Helm's body was found sus
pended from a rope attached to a bracket
on the wall of his room in the German
Hotel where he lived. The deceased had
been ill for some time, and until recently
was a patient at the German Hospitai.
He leaves a son and daughter living at
Grabau, Germany.
FAVORS BELT EXTENSION
Chamber of Commerce Takes
a Firm Stand on the
Point.
Recommends a Commercial Arbitra
tion Board— Master Mariners to
Be Examined by Experts.
The quarterly meeting of the Chamber
of Commerce was held yesterday. Several
important questions were considered.
There was a large attendance and the
members took a firm stand in regard
to securing an extension of the
Belt Railway south of Market street
to a connection with the Southern
Pacific Company's line. The committee
having the matter in charge was given
more time in order to secure an estimate
of the cost.
A commercial arbitration board was rec
ommended similar to that in the Cham
bers of Commerce in London and Mew
York, and a committee will formulate a
plan to be reported upon later.
The masters and officers of American
ships will hereafter be examined in respect
to their qualifications by experts appointed
by the chamber, and for whose action the
chamber will be responsible.
It was announced that the lightship and
fog signal on the bar had been provided
for by an appropriation of $80,000 in the
general appropriation bill now before
(J ongress.
The membership of the chamber hjg
been increased since the annual meeting
by the addition of forty-three new names,
and it is active in the interest of the City
and State in everything germane to its or
ganization.
HIS CHAIN WAS CUT.
How a Broker From Mexico Lojt a
Valuable Watch Charm.
A. Winters, a well-to-do commission
broker from the City of Mexico, has re
ported to the police the loss of a valuable
watch charm while at the Sutro baths last
Sunday. It was not until after the discov
ery of his loss that he realized the time
and manner of the theft. The piece of
jewelry in question was very valuable. It
was a beautiful opa set with diamonds,
and the cost of the setting alone was f 15s!
The broker, in company with a number of
other people, was watching the antics of
a number of young fellows in one of the
small tanks, and the crowd increased to a
considerable size.
Among the spectators was a well-dressed
young man accompanied by a rather flash
ily dressed woman. The broker noticed
that this couple were paying more atten
tion to the others in the crowd than to the
bathers, and they kept moving about. As
they brushed past Mr. Winter he felt a
slight jerk on his vest, but thought noth
ing of it at the time. A second later the
couple hastily left the group and departed
from the baths. A few minutes later the
broker discovered that his valuable charm
was gone, the gold chain having been
neatly cut in two with a pair of nippers.
He ran out in search of the people he sus
pected, but they were nowhere to be found.
He is firmly convinced that under the
gui6e of respectability the coupie were
only a pair of expert pickpockets who
were "working" the crowd.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
HIGHER RATES
FOR RETAILERS
Differentials Increased Be
tween Carload and
Smaller Shipments.
WHOLESALERS IN FAVOR
A Move Designed to Increase
the Jobbing Business of
San Francisco.
HOW IT WAS ACCOMPLISHED.
The Fight Made by the Southern
Pacific at the Request of the
Traffic Association.
One of the most important actions taken
at the recent meeting of the Transconti
nental Freight-rate Committee at Milwau
kee was the widening of the differentials
between carload lots and less than carload
lots, to the advantage of the wholesaler
and to the detriment of the retailer. This
result was brought about mainly through
the efforts of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's representative, who was prompted
to make the fight on this line by the
Traffic Association of California.
Shortly before his departure for Mil
waukee, C. F. Srnurr, the general freight
agent of the Southern Pacific Company,
received the following communication
from William Bostwick Curtis, the traffic
manager of the association :
In view of the Transcontinental Association
meeting to be held in Milwaukee on the 30th
inst. I hand you herewith a list of articles
culled from westbound tariff No. T-l of April
11, 1893, showing the measure of differential,
which in the opinion of the Traffic Association
should be maintained between carload and
less than carload rates westbound.
Naturally opinions will differ on this sub
ject. I would state, however, that generally
speaking, the differentials as existing in the
westbound tariff of the Transcontinental
Freight-rate Committee noted, were in the
main satisfactory. We do not believe, how
ever, that a carload rate should approach
nearer than 66% per cent of the less thau car
load rate and you wilt observe in the list
which we inclose that that figure is main
tained.
The question of differentials between car
load and less than carload rates is one of most
material importance to the jobbing interests
of San Francisco. That interest represents
your heaviest patrons and for that reason we
believe you will find it consistent to espouse
their cause on the lines we pray for herein.
The list of articles referred to in this
communication composed every item in
the commodity-rate schedule that did not
show the desired difference between car
load and less than carload shipments.
E. N. Williams, Who Has Come From an Affluent of the Rogue River, in the
Gold Hill District.
[Sketched from life by a "Cati" artist.]
The difference desired by the jobbers is
this: Where the carload rate is $1 per 100
pounds, the rate for less than a carioau of
freight should be $1 50 per 100 pounds.
Speaking of his work on this matter,
Mr. Smurr said yesterday:
"It was a hard fight to accomplish what
the local Traffic Association desired, as
most of the Eastern roads were in favor of
maintaining the present low differentials
between carload and less than carload
lots. But we finally succeeded in bringing
them around to our way of thinking, and
the new differentials will show a difference
of 40 to 50 per cent between carload ship
ments and less than carload shipments.
We made the other roads under
stand that it was better for all concerned
to contract for carload shipments to term
inal points, than to act as distributors for
the merchants all along their lines. It is a
better business for the roads to carry car
load lots at low rates than to have to deal
with the uncertainties of small shipments
and the necessity of breaking bulk at fre
quent intervals m cars comprising through
freight trains, even though a higher rate is
obtained for the smaller shipments."
Mr. Smurr stated further that the date
for putting in the proposed new rates was
uncertain, and that they might not be
come effective until the first of June. He
stated that there was to be a meeting of
the executive committee of the Transcon
tinental Traffic Association to-day at Chi
cago, and tbat the new rates would have
to receive the indorsement of that com
mittee. Then all the trunk lines east of
Chicago and the New England roads
would have to be consulted and their con
currence obtained. Next, the schedules
would have to be printed and copies
served on the Interstate Commerce Com
mittee and distributed to all the agents of
the different roads, the rates becoming
operative ten days after a copy of them
had been received by the Interstate Com
merce Committee.
Traffic Manager Curtis, in partial ex
planation of the stand taken by the Traffic
Association, said:
"The railroad companies have always
taken the stand that recent water compe
petition had impelled them to put into
effect a traffic showing too slight a differ
ence and in many cases no difference
whatever between carload and less than
carload shipments. It has been a constant
source of complaint on the part of the
wholesale dealers that this state of affairs
worked injuriously to their trade, as it
enabled the small dealer, who perhaps
bought one or two cas*s of goods a month
or perhaps a year, to obtain the same at as
cheap a freight rate as the wholesale
dealer who imported in carload lots only.
"It has always been a fundamental prin
ciple of the transportation companies to
grant to the carload shippers a less rate
than to the less than carload shippers. It
is well known that transportation by sail,
except in extreme cases, is, generally
speaking, the same for small shipments as
for large ones, and it is this fact that has
recently forced the rail lines to lessen the
difference between carload shipments and
smaller lots.
"We have sought for some time to rem
edy this difficulty, and the opportune mo
ment arrived when the Transcontinental
Traffic Association proposed to remodel its
tariff. We are not yet advised of the full
text of the new tanff , but have every rea
son to believe that the difference between
carload and less than carload rates will be
greater than heretofore, and if they should
prove not entirely satisfactory we shall
know at least that a move forward has
been made in the right direction."
LIVE OREGON GOLD CAMP
E. N. Williams' Story of Rich
Diggings Near Cow Creek
Canyon.
Ditches From the Rcgue River That
Will Open Up Hundreds of Thou
sands of Acres.
E. N. Williams of Gold Hill, Or., prin
cipal owner of the Sulphur Springs hy
draulic mine, south of the wild Cow Creek
Canyon and seven miles north of Gold
Hill, is at the Russ.
Mr. Williams owns two and three
fourths miles of placer ground on Sardine
Creek, an affluent of the Rogue River. He
gets water on it for eight months in the
year.
"I didn't know but the least bit about
mining when I went there three years
ago," said Mr. Williams, "and in the or
dinary sense of the word one would have
supposed that I would have got 'done up.'
I was almost a tenderfoot of the tender
fett. I came from England over twenty
years ago, and lived in different parts of
Canada for fourteen years, and then came
to the United States.
"Three years ago I scarcely knew a
mine from a well. But I went to Gold
Hill, and got some ground that I believed
was good, and then got two or three young
men to take hold of the property Who
were well informed in gold mining. To
one of these men I gave an interest. Then
I began to make a careful study of the
business.
"We have been able to make the prop
erty pay well from tbe start, and now I
think mining is about the nicest business
"The ground where we are pays about
24 cents to the cubic yard. There is a
Rood deal that is a great deal worse, and
there is some that is a great deal better.
The gold of the district varies from fine
dust to nuggets worth $40 or $50 each.
The biggest nugget we ever got out of our
claim was worth but $4 40.
We use a No. 2. giant and an 11-incn steel
hydraulic pipe from a fall of 205 feet.
This great fall gives us an immense power.
We can tear up the soil any way we please.
There is an abundance of water for eight
months in the year.
"When I first went to the district there
wasn't over 100 people in Gold Hill, and
not 500 in the whole district. Now Gold
Hill has from 400 to 500 people, and there
must be at least L'ooo men who are at work
in the mines. They are all placer mines.
No quartz has been found yet that amounts
to anything. I suppose that is because
the prospectors have not gone high
enough up.
"Gold Hill is the center of what I think
will be one of the greatest placer mining dis
tricts of the world. There is a company man
aged by J. W. Northup, whose office is in
the Crocker building here, that is taking
out a new ditch for ten miles up the Roeue
River from Gold Hill. It is a low-level
ditch, but after they get that finished they
are going to take out another one, a high
ditch. These two will open up hundreds
of thousand? of acres."
Mr. Williams brought down a lot of
specimens of ore to be tested. The Gold
Hill diggings are on the line of the Shasta
route to Portland.
Can Ilave No Fees.
Judge Coffey has decided 1 that Mrs. W. H.
Smitn, as executrix of the estate of her hus
band, the late W. F. Smith, is ; not entitled to
commissions for ' administering on an insur
ance ' policy made payable , to -. herself. , The
policy was for $10,000. ' Judge '< Coffey < held
that It was exempt from administration fees
because it was her separate property.
WATER HEEDED
FOR FRUIT LANDS.
The Problem Discussed by
the State Board of
Trade.
IS NO GENERAL RULE.
There Exists a Great Diversity
of Soils Throughout the
State.
LELONG'S EXHAUSTIVE PAPER.
Valuable Information Is Given by C.
M. Wooster, W. H. Mills
and Others.
The question of the irrigation of land in
the northwestern part of the State was
discussed by the State Board of Trade
yesterday. An exhaustive paper on this
subject was read by B. M. Lelong, secre
tary of the State Board of Horticulture,
ana remarks were made by the different
members of the board both as regards the
theoretical and practical ideas in connec
tion with irrigation.
The following members were present:
Colonel N. P. Chipman, president; CM.
Wooster, W. H. Mills, Colonel John P.
Irish, B. M. Lelong, L. C. McAfee, J. A.
Morrissey, Mark L. McDonald, E. W.
Maslin, C. L. Montgomery, P. H. Coffman
and C. S. Jobe.
At the beginning of the meeting an edi
torial appearing in the New York Sun
regarding an exhibit of California prod
ucts to be given in that city, saying, "We
are grieved by the news that the San
Francisco Board of Trade did not come to
time in aiding this enterprise," was read
and W. H. Mills stated the history of that
enterprise and' his connection with it.
Concluding he said:
"The time has come when California
should get up an exposition for its
own beneiit solely and not pay its money
for the assistance of private corporations
and enterprises."
A letter was read from the California
Press Association at Sacramento asking
theco-operation of the board in the matter
of providing- a suitable celebration in 1898,
whicti is the fiftieth anniversary of the
discovery of gold in California and of the
signing of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo. The board was asked to take
action in making this a S:ate affair.
The board considered the communica
tion and appointed W. H. Mills, L. C. Mc-
Afee and J. A. Morrissey to co-operate with
the Press Association to agitate the mat
ter of an exhibition.
Mr. Delone read his paper on irrigation,
savins; in substance:
The question of irrigation for the develop
ment of fruit and its necessity to its growth has
beeu discussed for years past! yet opinions as to
its value and ultimate results are marred.
This difference of opinion among groweis will
always exisi, owing to the great variations of
Foils, localities and climatic conditions for
which our State is noted.
There are two methods of applying water for
the beneiit of trees and their crops: One is
natural and the other artificial. Over a great
portion of our State the rainfall or natural
system for the promotion of plant life is so
irregular that the artificial application ot
water has become an important and prime
factor for the trees to properly develop their
crops and give.satisfactory results.
In considering this important question the
following variable conditions must be taken
into account: First, average local rainiall;
second, character of the soil ; third, situation :
fourth, kind of fruit grown.
As showing the great variation and differ
ence in soils throughout the State— those re
quiring irrigation and those which do not
need it— the following is a fair classification
1. Heavy, retentive soils. 2. Non-retentive
soils. 3. Sandy loam?. 4. Gravelly loams 5
Moist mountain lands. G. Dry mountain
lands. 7. Dry river bottoms. 8. Moist river
bottoms. 9. Deep valley land. 10. Adobe, or
Hat land. 11. Hillsides.
The rainfall in various sections where decid
uous fruits are grown is so distributed in small
storms, yielding usually o&ly a fraction of an
inch of water, that it is evaporated before it
has time to become thoroughly soaked into
the ground. The orchards very early disclos-e
indications of suffering from* drought. In
many sections the growers have been pre
pared to meet the emergency and turned on
the water as soon as there appeared need or it.
The results were that such orcnaids yielded
full crops.
During a lack of rainfall mnny growers have
resorted to irrigation in summer, and no at
tempt was generally made to render the land
moist in winter as is nature's method. In
such cases it is most essential to plow in the
fall, then irrigate in the winter and cultivate
in the spring.
The trees will set their bloom better and
make strong growth. On the other hand,
when there has been sufficient of rainfall and
the ground has been improperly worked and
allowed to dry, the trees put forth in h feeble
way, the bloom sets poorly and the growth of
the young fruit is greatly retarded.
On shallow or unretentive soils summer irri
gation Is ueedea.
The question which interests us most is:
Does the soil retain moisture enough for the
trees to develop their iruit without having to
add water to it in order to accomplish the de
sired result? When the trees are young they
draw from the soil a very small amount of
moisture; this absorption increases every year
as the trees grow older.
When nature furnishes the required moisture
the artificial application of water does not be
come necessary, but when this fails the dlffer
erence in moisture, to be in nearly perfect
harmony with nature's methods, must be sup
plied and irrigation oecomes essential through
artificial means.
When there is a sufficient rainfall to thor
oughly moisten the surface soil down to a
depth where permanent moisture exists,
through cultivation the soil is kept in prime
condition and draws moisture continually
from the ueep-hidden sources sufficient for the
development of the fruit and the growth of
the trees. In such cases little or no irrigation
is necessary.
Where there exists a substratum of gravel
preventing the rise of moisture from the
deeper sources frequent irritation is necessary.
Quoting from Henry A. Brainard of San
Jose Mr. Lelong stated that irrigation in
that county is almost always applied in
winter, furrows being plowed between
the trees both ways, leaving each tree
standing in an inclosed space. As soon as
dry tli e surface is plowed and harrowed
smooth to prtvent evaporation; but that,
new/to-day.
♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
I Hmyadi Janos f
i THE WORLDS' BEST %
V NATURAL APERIENT WATER ♦
.X THE ONLY ONE having received over 1000 testimonials X
from Medical Authorities. ▲
♦ CAUTION None genuine without the signature of '■ ♦ ■
♦ the firm "Andreas Saxlehner" on the label ♦
y " — ■-• - ™ W™' t " " ~ V ™ VT™™"™™W
as a rule, Santa Clara County did not need
irrigation.
Apricot trees, he contiuued, which show
a checked growth after harvest, will be greatly
benefited by irrigation as soon as the fruit is
gathered, and stronger and Detter buds will be
developed for the next season's crop.
When cultivation cannot do the work irriga
tion must step in and supply the want, and
whenever the orchardist provides himself with
facilities for furnishing water when needed he
places himself beyond the influence of the vi
cisitudes of the season.
To keep the soil moist at all times, so that
the Roluble material required by the tree is
constantly going into solution, water enough
to keep the roots fresh and growing and to pro
vide a medium to circulate freely in all the
tissues of the tree for the convenience of organ
ized material to every part, is the ideal
condition.
The grower must be a thinker and an
observer. He has got to learn the nature of
the soil, its physical and chemical constitu
ents and the effect of water upon it, hoiv often
It is required and in how great quantities.
C. M. Wooster of San Jose said : "In
Santa Clara county we raise 100,000,000
pounds of fruit each year, but not one
sixta of the valley, however, is subject to
irrigation. In the eastern part of the val
ley irrigation has been destructive rather
than productive of good. In the northern
part there are three different conditions to
be taken into consideration — the highest
altitude needs the most and the lower the
least water.
At the conclusion of the meeting a com
mittee consisting of W. H. Mills, C. M.
Wooster, B. M. Lelon* and E. W. Mas
lin for the purpose of placing the entire
proceedings of the meeting into a pam
phlet for distribution.
DECKED ALL IN WHITE
Brilliant Nuptials of Miss
Schweitzer and M. N.
Hirsch.
A Pink-and-White Wedding— Cullen.
Oviedo Nuptials at the Cathe
dral.
The Concordia Club on Van Ness avenue
was the scene of a brilliant wedding last
evening, the contracting parties being
Miss Carrie Schweitzer, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. Schweitzer, and M. N. Hirsch,
a prominent merchant of this City.
The ceremony was performed at 6:30
p. m., according to the rites of the Hebrew
faith, the Rev. Dr. Voorsanejer officiating.
The entire club was placed at the dis
posal of the wedding guests and hand
somely decorated all in spotless white.
In the parlor, where the ceremony was
celebrated, a handsome bower of white
Lady Bankshire roses and snowballs was
erected. From the center swung an im
mense wedding bell, under which the
happy young couple stood during the
bridal service. Callas and palms deco
rated the handsome ballroom, a strik
lug feature of which was the two little sum
mer-houses, all of greenery, fitted up aßßßort
of lovers' retreat.
After the ceremony a bridal banquet was
served, with covers laid for 150.
Dancing concluded the merrymaking ar
ranged in honor of the happy event.
The bride was aitired in a handsome gown
of white satin elaborately trimmed with point.
The maid of honor, Miss Edna Scfaweitzet,
wore a pretty gown of pink organdie.
Two little tots, Arthur and Adele Hirsch,
attired in natty white costume, led the bridal
party, scattering flowers in the bridal path.
Mr. and Mrs. Hirsch left this morning for a
Southern bridal trip, and on their return will
make their home in this City.
There was a very pretty early morning wed
ding at the Cathedral on Tuesday last, the
contracting parties being Miss Alicia S. Cullen
and Dr. Louis P. Oviedo.
The church was handsomely decorated with
Easter lilies and palms. Exactly at 9 o'clock,
the hour announced for the wedding, the
strains of the '-Lohengrin Wedding March"
announced the arrival of the bridal party.
First came the ushers. Dr. J. P. McCarthy and
W. Loaiza Jr., followed by the bridesmaids,
Miss K. Wood and Miss E. Wales. Xext came
the maid of honor, Miss E. Oviedo, sister of the
groom, preceding tfae bride, who entered lean
ing on tlie arm of her father. Lastly came the
flower maiden. Miss Blanche Whiting, carrying
an immense basket of La France roses.
The groom and best man, Dr. Charles S.
Maguire, met the bridal party at the altar rail.
The Rev. M. D. Connolly performed the mar
riage ceremony, after which a solemn nuptial
mass was celebrated by the Rev. J. B. Hanni
gan, assisted by the Rev. \V. O"Grady and the
Rev. C. A. Ramm. The service over the bridal
party adjourned to the Oviedo residence,
where a sumptuous wedding breakfast was
served, followed by a reception at which the
many friends of the bridal pair tendered their
hearty congratulations.
The" bride was attiied in a handsome gown
of ivory duchesse satin, made en traine, and
elaborately trimmed with pearl passementerie
and old point lace.
The maid of .honor, Miss Oviedo, wore a
modish gown of pink silk and chiffon, and the
bridesmaids were attired alike in white or
gandie over pink silk slips.
Miss Whiting's gown was fashioned of hand
some white brocade made in the prevailing
picturesque style.
Dr. and Mrs. Oviedo have gone to Del Monte
for the honeymoon.
Last Sunday the members of the Marine
Yacht Club entertained their lady friends
aboard their yacht, the Volunteer. After a
short cruise about the bay the party sailed to
McXears Landing, where a delightful repast
was provided by the club's steward. After
lunch an hour wns pleasantly spent visiting
the many points of interest in' the vicinity
before the start for home was made. The out
ing proved most enjoyable and was voted one
of the most successiul affairs the club has ever
given. The members are looking anxiously
forward to the next excursion.
The Marine Yacht Club is in a very! pros
perous condition and will shortly be incor
porated. It has a large membership and a
snug sum in Its treasury. A new clubhouse at
Sausalito is one of the possibilities of the uear
future. The members take great pride in the
fact that their boat is the only one on the coast
manned by a uniformed crew of amateur salts.
Those taking part in Sunday's outing were:
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Morse, Mr. and Mrs. W'P.
Petty, Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Moyce, Mr. and Mrs.
D. D. Lowney, Mrs. Rood, Miss Williams. Miss
Elaine Williams, Miss Minnie McCrosson, Miss
Edith Lowney, Miss E. Gudmunsen, Miss
Herber, Miss H. Herber. Miss Murry, Miss
Walde. Miss McCarthy, Miss Hart; Messrs. R.
E. McCrosson, J. Seyden, E. P. Philips, Oscar
Olson, George Engel, Frank Martin, C. G.
Larson, E. Hubinette, Arthur Moyce, L. T.
Terkelsen, Harry Pless, W. Retchless, G. A.
Koch, E. Gudmunsen, Grant Morris aad Mr.
Merrifield.
The Entre Nous Cotillion will give its final
assembly and german of the present season on
Tuesday evening, April 28, at the Palace Hotel.
Several new and pretty figures will be danced,
and it promises to be a most successful and
brilliant gathering.
Death of Joseph Fagan.
Joseph Fagan, the 17-year-old Alamoda boy
who was crushed by a Southern Pacific train
yesterday and had both legs amputated at the
City and County Hospital, died yesterday. The
body was removed to the Morgue and an in
quest will be held.
Charley Moi Indicted.
Charley Moi, charged with manufacturing
opium, was indicted by the United States
Grand Jury yesterday.
NEW TO-DAY.
Tfl NOLAN BROS.
I ft I SHOE CO.
THE RUSH
. FOR '
TAN SHOES!
STILL CONTINUES.
And we mean to keep It that way.
Our object Is to supply the Pacific
Coast with
TAN SHOES.
We have them in all bright, new
and up-to-date styles— all widths
and sizes.
Don't miss seeing our wonderful
display of TAN SHOES.
OUR IMMENSE WIXDOWS
ARE FILLED
WITH TAX SHOES.
NOT A BLACK SHOE TO BE SEEN.
Leaders for This Week in Tan Shoes
and Oxfords.
Ladies' Fine Tan Kid, brown cloth top, lace
Shoes, pointed needle toes, long diamond-
shaped tips $2 50 per pair
Ladles' Fine Tan Kid, brown cloth top, Oxfords
or Southern Ties, hand-turn soles, latest
style pointed toes and tips, French heels —
$2 SO per pair
Ladles' .Fine Tan Kid, brown cloth top, South-
ern Tips, latest style pointed or narrow,
square toes, turn soles $1 75 per pair
Ladies' Tan Kid Oxfords, brown cloth tops or
tan kid tops, latest style pointed or narrow,
square toes, turnsoles ;..$1 50 per pair
Ladies' Fine Russet Oxford Ties, pointed or
square toes, turn soles $1 per pair
Ladles' White Canvas Oxfords Si 50 per pair
Extra quality, f"2 per pair.
Children's and Misses' Tan Button Shoes.
Spring heel, square toe and tip.
Sizes 5 to 8 900
Sizes 8 2 toll $100
Sizes 11^2 to 2 $125
Men's Tan Shoes
From $2.00 Up.
We have all the Very Latest Styles
and Shades In MEN'S TAN SHOES,
GIVEN AWAY!
A Rubber Ball or Base Ball
With Every Purchase.
Send us your address and we will mall you ■
Catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
MARKET STREET.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 OTarrell St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5537.
Is the latest issue
Buy a BICYCLE,
and pay no fare.
We sell
picyqLesx
SfcND fOR BICYCLE OR.
ATHLET|CjC^ALOGUe
Jjazor , Gr'iqbiq^
IS ONE of OVB S?£CIALTI£4
818-820 MARKET ST
LIPOTAIJIL /T\
Chinese Tea and Herb Ls j
Sanitorimn, S^Hf
Ho. 727 Washington St., \X 3 •
San Francisco, Cal. V 7 I
Cor. Brenham PUD* abort ft ft , - A
the plaza, _^VIT /JW
Office Hours: 9to 12, —"*^ 1* /jS^^S
1 to 4. and 5 to 1. Sun- "^«P*^
day, » A. M. to 13 31.
Li To Tai Jr., son of the famous U Pa
Tal, has taken hid father's business^
and is, after eleven years* study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT,
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
St'MUAKT OF THK 31AI.KKTS.
Barley futures suddenly active.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat Freights firm.
Wbeat futures weaker.
Oats and Corn quiet.
live and Buckwheat dull.
Bran firm. Hay rather weak.
Leans and Seeds very dull.
Oregon potatoes easier.
Onions in better supply.
Butter and Cheese in large stock.
Kcks quiet but steady.
Poultry rather weaker.
Raspberries coming in.
More frost reports received.
Bef.er demand for Raisins.
Dried iruii siow.
Citrus Fruits dull.
Provisions weak and dull.
Woo!. Hops und Hides neglected.
li .f. Mutton, Lamb and Pork lower.
Coffee in fair demand.
Oils unchanged.
Candles lower.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the '
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of I
rainfall, of melted stow in inches and hundredth
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, conn< c; points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "bieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
cca-j;. When the pref sure is high in the interior
an.! low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coa-it. rain is probable;
but when the "low* 1 Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. WUh a "high" in ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
-
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
I'nitkd States Department or Agricui/-
TtRE. Weather Bureau, SaX Francisco,
April 21.1896, 5 p. M.—Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are tne seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same da c last sea
ion: Kureka 42.69, last season 40.28; Red Bluff
17.65, las: season 27.90; San Francisco 17.60, las'
season 23.98: Fresno 5.99. last, season 13.23; San
Luis Obispo 16.06. last season 24.97; Los Angeles
8.88, last season 15.58: San Diego 5.80, lan season
11.98; Ynm» .FB, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California during the past
twenty-four hours: Eureka 58. Red Bluff 60,
San Francisco 56, Fresno 68. San Luis Obispo 52,
Los Angeles I 6, Ban Diego 62, Yuma 86.
San Francisco Maximum temperature 56,
minimum 17, mean 52.
The fo:o.vi:ig ra mails are reported in California
during the past twenty-four hours: San Francisco
.23 of an inch, Fresno trace, San Luis Obispo .18
of an inch.
The pressure is below the normal throughout the
region west of the Rocky Mountains and is lowest
in Oregon, where a slight depression is now cen
tral, Generally cloudy weather is reported from
the Pacific Coast and central plateau States and
light rain has fallen throughout the central portion
of California. The rain has been heaviest along
the coast tr m San Irancisco to San Luis Obispo.
Light showers have occurred in the san Joaquin
Valley ami more is expected in that section to
night. As yet no marked storm area has appeared,
but the conditions are generally unsettled and
showery weather will continue Wednesday. There
are some indications that another cold wave may
develop over Idaho, Nevada and Utah Wednesday
night. .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, April 22,1896: '
Northern California— Probably occasional show
ers to-night and Wednesday; fresh to brisk gener
erally westerly winds.
southern —Generally fair, except show
ers to-night in the northern portion; fair Wed
day: cooler in the eastern portion Wednesday:
Irish westly winds.
Nevada—Showers to-night and Wednesday; turn
ing colder Wednesday night.
Utah—Showers Wednesday; colder Wednesday
night.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday. ■
Baa Francisco and vicinity—Probably showers
to-night and Wednesday lorenoon; briss westerly
winds. W. H. Hammon, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 21.-Stocks opened
firm and generally higher on commission-house
buying. The seasonable weather and the weak
ness of the sterling exchange market, the result of
offerings of security and loan bills, were the prin.
cipal factors at work. The advance, which was
equal to Vi to 1% per cent, was most pronounced
In the Grangers, the Southwesterns, Wheeling and
Lake Erie preferred and Northern Pacific The
last named was taken on the general belief that
tin- reorganization will be carried through success
fully.
The advance led to realizations all along the line,
»nd sugar had the greatest loss. The stock fell
from 125.% to 124% and closed at 125, a net loss
of I'-* per cent tor the day. Cotton oil preferred
moved up to 57% at one time, but later dropped to
£i 6y 2. It was stated senii-ofliclally that the divi
dend or: th« preferred which is due in June will be
paid. Rumors have been current that the com
pany intended to either reduce or postpone a divi
dend if r.owlble. The rumor evidendly grew out
of the resignation of certain prominent officials.
In the railway list Baltimore and Ohio was the
wrak 8po:'. The stock fell 2 points to loVg. l An
issue of receivers' certificates is generally expect
ed. Estimates place the issue at one to' five mil
lions, and this has led to sales of stocK by old-time
holders. In. the closing dealings to-day Tobacco
rose to 74 from 723/ on coverings of short con
tracts. The recovery in ToDacco strengthened the
general list, and the early loss was partially re
covered. Speculation closed steady. Net changes
show losses of VB@ls/« per cent outside of Balti
more and Ohio, wnlch lost 2 per cent. Tobacco
gained 1, Missouri Pacific <y 5 and Lake Shore 3/..
Total sales were 236.522 shares. -
Bonds were firm. • The sales footed up the large
total of $2,380,000. Chicago and ■ Eastern Illinois
consolidated sixes rose 1 to 184: Denver and Rio
. Grande fours. li/ 2 to 90: Equitable Gas of Chicago
sixes, 1 Vjj to 97 3 /2; Ann Arbor fours. 1 to 70y 2:
Louisville, New Albany and Chicago general fives,
1 to 74%; .Nashville. Chattanooga and St. Louis
consolidated lives, 1% to IOOV3: Northern Pacific
fours. «4 to 116: do seconds, i 10 113; do consoli
dated lives, IVi to 60%: do certificates. 1 to 6034;
Rock Island debentures fives, 1 to 95%.
In Government bonds. $78,000 coupon fours
of 1925 soul at 118MAll^fc: $78,000 do regis
tered at 117%; $5000 registered fours Of 1907. at,
118»/i@118%. . ■ -.■••
Grain.
FLOUR—quiet; common to'alr, $2 20(33;
do fair to fancy, $2 85@3 85: do patents, $3 90@
4 25: Minnesota clear, $;! 6OfoX 15: do straits,
$3(g,3 50: do patents, $3 45@4 35; low extras.
«2 20(&3: city mills, ?4(&4 20: do patents, f4 SO®
4 50; rye mixture, $2 00@3 30; superfine. «2<S*
2 35: fine/s2(§i2 30. southern flour dull: extra,
40@3: good to choice do, «3@3 30. Rye flour
dull, steady; $2 60@2 85.
BUCK WHEAT -4.xa,41c
CORNMEAL— Quiet; yellow Western, '9 20@
2 25: Brandy wine. *2 20. ™
RYE—Steady; Western, 46c.
AKP'v•'"; l ■'mi: un«»'led Western, 49@50c.
BAULKY MALT— 48@55-. :-.--.- --■-r -
WHEAT—Quiet, weaker.- No. a red store and
elevator, nominal: afloat, nominal: f. o. b., 77V*C
to arrive: ungiaaea red, 64©&2 c; No. 1 Northern.
73*4 cto arrive.
lions fairly active and .closed weak at lU@
is/c decline on easier, cables, foreign selling,
lower West and local liquidations. July and May
moat active. = No. 2 red, April, 73i/,c; May/
703,4 c; June. July, August and September. 70% c
December, 7214 c-•""."'-; ' . /:.:-• 7*
C 'UN-More active, firm '' No. 2, 39c elevator:
400 afloat.
Options active a: »/ 8 4 c lower with the West
and easier er.bles: closed weak: May ami; June
niou active. April, 35c: May. 3534 c; July. 3Wc-
August. 37y 4 c; September,' 37%c7 ■«-■'-..
j wa'is— Quiet, easier. • ,1 t '..,/
Options dull, lower. May and July, 24S/ a c
"Spot prices: No. 2. 26y c; Ho. 'I, wnlte"26Vi\c;
i No. 3 Chicago, 26% c: No. 3, white, 25 Vic; mixed
Western, 26%@26%c; white do, 27@29c; white
State. 27<3'J9c.
FEKD BRAN-60@621Ac.
MIDDLINGS— 6S<|7Oc.
RYE— Feed, 65@70c.
Provisions.
BEEF-Quiet, steady. Family, 89 60@10: ex
tra mess, $7@B. Beef bams, quiet, $14 50016;
tierced beef, steady, inactive. City extra I mess.
Sl.Vii.lo 50: cut meats, sow, pickled bellies. 12
pounds, 4%c; do shoulders, 4%(3»434c; do hams,
B»4<g.9c.
LARD- Quiet, easy: Western steam, $5 17;
city, $4 ti:> aA 70; Refined, quiet; continent,
75 60: South American. $5 80: compound,
48/ c.
i'ORK — Firm, moderate demand. Old mess,
$ 9@9 60; new mess. $10@10 26.
hUTTKB — Weak. state dairy, B@l3y c;
do creamery 10@14c; 'Western dairy, old, 7(&9c;
do creamery, 10@14c; do held, 9&llc; do fac
tory. 7fd.lOc: .Klgins, 14c; imitation creamer}',
9%@11%c. • ,
CHEESE— Quiet, easy. State fancy, 9»4@10c: do,
small, '.OiilO'ic: part skims, 3@5%c; tull skims,
»ii3»2i^c ■-:■■■.';
EUGS— Quiet, weak; State and Pennsylva
nia, ll@ll%c; Southern, 9i4@9 3 /ic; West
ern fresh, lU@llc; duck, I'Jacyi : goose, 20@
25c *t
TALLO W — Quiet, weak. City, 3 9-16 c: country,
3%@3Sfec.
COTTuN.SEED OlL— Quiet, steady. Crude, 22c;
yellow, prime, 25Vi@'<!oVoc: do. off grade. 25V*'o<
25% c.
RESIN— Firm, refined. Strained common to
gooo. $1 9S(a.'J.
POTATOES— OId. dull and weak. Bermuda,
$3 50@8: sweets. $I@s.
RlCK— Moderate demand. Domestic fair to extra,
3(a5»4c; Japan, 4@4»4a
MOLASSES— Firm, fairly active, New Orleans
open kettle, pood to choice, 26@37a
COFFEE— Steady, 5 points down to 5 points np.
July, $12 40: September, $11 45@11 60: De
cember, $10 80@10 85: March, 810 70. Spot Rio
dull, steady; No. 7, 133,4 c.
SUGAR— Raw firm, dull: fair refining, 8»/i@
3%c; centrifugals 96 test, - 4 6-16 c. Refined,
quiet, steady. Oft A. 4 16-16@5y 8 c; mold A, l%c;
standard A. 5%c: confectioners' A. 53/ 8 c; cut loaf
and crushed, 6i /8 c; powaered, 6&4 c; granulated,
5%c; cubes, 5%c.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
ALMONDS-Soft-shell, 7%®Bc; do paper-shell,
ll@l2c.
A PKICOTS— Bags, 2 @l2c.
! PEACHES— reeled, per Ib, 12@15c; dounpceled,
s@B%c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, 6c
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose, muscatel, 2 /i@
3c; do three-crown, 3V?@4c; do four-crown, 4<&;>c;
do London layers, 85c@$l.
WALNUTS— 6i^ra6c; do soft-shell,
Sy»@loc.
HOPS— Quiet. State common to choice, 2y 2 iaßc;
Pacific Coast. 2y>@Bc.
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 15@21c; pulled,
16@33c; Texas, 7<g.l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Steady: American. *11@13 85.
COPPER-Nomiual: Lake. *10 87%.
LEAD— DuII; domestic. 83 05.
TIN-Easy: straits, 813 40; plates moderate de
mand.
SPELTER-Quiet: domestic 84 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., April 21.— The May delivery
in wheat has been undergoing the liquidating
process for some time, and to-day the trade was
1 largely of that sort. The selling out was heavier
I than the covering, the sinking tendency of values
evidencing that fact. Holders were constrained to
dispose of their property on account of the season
able weather and the encouraging reports from
wheat farmers. The full effect of yesterday's
bearish news was not entirely exhau sled at the
close of thai day's session, the opening this morn
ing apparently in direct continuation of the ear
lier feeling. Liverpool cables were weak and %d
lower. Receipts at Chicago were 24 cars, and tne
Northwest had 320 against 458 last Tuesday and
286 a year ago. ,
Local inspections from store were 63,827
bushels. Bradstreet's reported a decrease in
the world's available supDly of 3,030,000 bushels,
which served to steady prices temporarily, but in
the course of fifteen or twenty minutes after the
announcement the selling was resumed with
renewed vigor, lower quotations being then
established. Closing continental cables were
generally lower. Export clearances of wheat and
flour aggregated 260,139 bushels. May wheat
opened from 64S^c to 64S/ B e, declined to 63V B e,
closing at 63y <&,o3yic, 13/i@iy 8 c under yester
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 10 cars.
CORN — Declined slightly, sympathy with wheat
being the principal detrimental agent, but large
receipts. 508 cars, likewise tending to cause de
preciation. The business was not unusually active,
nor was it extremely dull. Moderately fair trad
ing occurred at intervals. Withdrawals from store
were 54,000 bushels. Liverpool cables were lid
lower. Export clearances amounted to 52,781
bushels. Bradstreet's reported a decrei.se in avail
able stocks of 138,000 bushels. May corn opened
at 2934 c, sold between 293,i@29''/ 8 c and 29% c,
closing at the latter. 3/ 8 c under yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 220 cars.
OATS— Were in the same condition as wheat and
corn, declining with them. Receipts were good at
343 cars and 4*oo bushels were taken from store.
Bradstreet's gave a decrease in available stocks of
304.000 bushels. May oats closed yi@3/gC lower.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 120 cars.
FLAX— Was firm; cash,9l y 2 May, 89*& c;
September, 93y2C. Receipts were 16 cars.
PROVISIONS— Business was very near the stag
nation point in product, especially so at the open
ing, when quotations were scarcely more than es
tablished. Tne tone was steady, due more to the
inactivity than to any supporting influence. The
hog market was unchanged. The final slump in
wheat extended weakness to product, May pork
closing 5c under yesterday and May lard and ribs
each 2%@5c lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— ApriI, 623/ 8 @ 62% cc May, 61%©
6iyic; July. 643/ c.
COKN— April, 2914 c: May, 29% c; July, 30%
@305/ c
OAiS— May, 19% c; July, 19?' 8 c; September,
2oy B c<fi2oy c.
i-ORK— 88 50: July, 88 70.
LARD— May, $4 85; July, $5 02i/ a .
RIBS— May, $4 25 ; July, $4 40.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., April 21.—
receipts of cattle were light, but a number were
carried over from yesterday, and sellers were
scarcely able to obtain yesterday's prices. Offer
ings of hogs were moderate. The market was
steady early, but later a decline of 5c took place.
Sheep wore In good demand and steady.
CATTLE — Receipts, 2500. Fancy beeves,
$4 2. >@4 30; choice to prime, 1300 to 1600 pound
steers, $4@4 20: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, 83 75(&3 95 common steers. 950
to 1400 pounds. $3 10(0.3 20; choice feeders.
900 to 1150 pounds, $3 65@3 86; common to good
stockers. 83(g>3 65: cows' and heifers, extra.
$3 50@3 80; cows, fair to choice, $2 40@3 40:
cows, poor to good canners. $1 60@2 35: calves,
common to good, $3®3 75; Texas bulls, oxen
and cows, 8- 25@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 19,000. Heavy packing - ana
shipping lots. 83 40(q)3 00: common to choice
mixed. *3 40<&3 70: choice assorted, $3 70@3 86;
light, 83 f>o,*3 85; pigs, $2 90®3 80. '
SHEEP— Receipts. lI.OJO. Interior to choice,
$2 60 3 60; lambs, $3 60*4 50. .
NEW VOBK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 2i/ 2 @3^; last loan at2y a
and closing offered at 2y £ Prime mercantile
paper, 5V 2 @6%. Bar silver, 6784 c Mexican dollars.
64c. titernns exchange weak, with actual busiuess
in banters' bills at 84 87y @4 87% for 60 days and
*4 B>-V4@4 88% for demand Posted rnt"«, if* 88
©4 89. Commercial, bills, 24 Bey @4 87. Gov
ernment bonds firm; State bond* firm; railroad
bonds strong. Silver at the board dull.
CLO6ING STOCKS.
Am Tel* Cable.... £3% .Norfolk & Wes"... 14
Atchlson- 1 « /8 Preferred. 6y 4
Prejerred 2&6, j Northern Paoiflo.. l 3/ 8
Adams express.. .l 4» Preferred. ;.;.....; 117/ 8
A lton Terre Haute. 55 Norm western I°.>Vb
American Express.ll4 Preferred... 147
American Tobacco. 73% N. Y. Central 87%
Preferred... .... 95 . "V. ChlcaßO<fcS.r, 1*
BaTßtateUas • 23*4 Ist preferred 7884
Baltimore A Ohio., 16 1 /* I Sid preferred. 3*v 4
Brunswick Lands.. %£- }'•**•• H........174
Buffalo Roch & c. 16% X \.& New Ena. 40
Canada Paclnc... 60y 4 N. V busq * W... *%
Canada Soutneru.. f>o% ~ Preferred.... „.„ 23
Canton Land ...A 6'J7/ 8 0ntari0. ............. 1*
Central Paclflo.... 1 5 i /a Ontario* Western. 151/^
CbM.<fc 0hi0. ...... 17y B ; Oregon Improvmu 1
Cblcaio Alton 154 j Preferreu. —
Preierrea 170 Oregon Navigation, 20 '
Chicago, U. A «.... »03 /g treeon Hhort Lin*. • 76/ 8
Chicago &E. 1U... 41 i^ciflcMau:.;..... 28yi
Preferred.;:...... " 99 Peona. D.& Evans. 2y
Cnlcacouaa ....... B'Pltlsburg«fc8 'Pltlsburg«fc W pfd. 16
CleveA Ptttsbnr?.l6O Pullman Pa1ac«...160
Consolidation Coai. .0 1 jWoJcksllver 1%
Consolidated 6m.. 161; ! iTeferreO. „ 15
C. C. c. «kßt.Loai* 35%ReaQing 12s/.
Preferred 88 RloGrande 18
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. ■'• >y^ ■ Preferred......... 43
Preferred 96 Rock Island 7214
Cotton Oil Cert.... 143/ KomeWat <Sogd«all4y
Commercial Cable. ISB St. L. <t S. Vy ....... 5- .
Del. Hud50n.. .....127 Preferred. .113/
D*l.Lack<fcWest«rnl )9 6t.Pau1.... 7si /8
UenTer«K. U».... liVi ' Preferred 1263^
Preterrea ;49 Bt. Paul* Dulnta. 23 •
Distillers .......... 11-1'I 1 - 1 '- Preferred S7
General' Electric. 3 ■•4 St. Paul & UuiaUa_ 41
i-rle. lay*! Preferred....... ..l2iy.
Preferred.... ....40% '. p. m. <fe m.;....ii0
Fort Wayne....... 160 Silver Certinoates.. 67%
Great Northern orculu9 -, Southern Pacttlc... law
Green 8ay.......... % boutnern iL X..... lv
Harlem ......29* | 'Preferrea.;....... 317/ 8
llocklne C0a1...... W\ sugar Rerinery....l247/ X
Hocking Valley... IS 4 Preferred......... 103
Homestaice ....... .30 . jTcnn. Coal A iron. 31 ■ .
H. & Texas Cent-. a y Preferr.-a. . . . 100
Illinois Central.... '97 . lex as Pacific.'. ' . ■ 8%
lowa Central....... 9 lol.A.A.&N.Maon.—— i
Preferred.......^ 37 aol. A Ohio C'en.... t35
Kansas & Texas. _ r-'Vi .'Preferred...... .73.'
• Preferred.. .28 , lcl.Bt.Louis«K.a 6\e,
Kingston <t Pern... 3 Preferred.... lv
Lake Erie it Westo 1834 Union Pacific. .. 914
Preferred 7- ■-. 0 P.. Den. & Unit* ' jtC
La«e Bhore 1491/4 I) .a Cordage 43/ X
National Lead 243, g >. Preferred... ;...«. 91/,
y: Preferred. ........ I' 1 i Guaranteed _ 19 ' ■
Yon* 151 an a . . ..-.; ;. •80 •• I". S. Express m'• 42
Louisville & Naso. ..'.B/s IJ. b. Leather...... 834'
Louisville Nadt Ch. . 8y 2 '' Preferred. 61 d
Preferred .1 ;., V. S. Ruober ,-il
Kianbattan Cousoi. J 101/2 Preferred.;.;..... h$
Mempnu <5t Charli. 15 - > Utlca it B. River.. lSO
1 Mexican Central... i u.y» Web. S. L. <fc Pm.. 71
--ittebvanCsaural.. 86 1 Preferred.... ...„ J9 /B
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
M Jnn a 1...V.....— . Wells-Farga ...... 93
; ■Preferred....' — — .Western Union.... 85%
Minn. <fc St. Leon. 1934 Wls Centra.. ~. 2 s /4
Ist preferred..... 79% Wheeling & L.X.. 10%
2d preferred 62 Preferred. 36
Missouri Pacific.... 28 Am Cotton OU pfa. 663,4
Mobile <fc 0hi0..... •22 W U Beet .......... 7 3 A
NashviUeChau.... Ann Arbor 914
National Linseed.. 18% Preferred... 86
N. J. central ...... lu7* 4 Brooklyn Traction. 23
North American... 6%
CLOSING BONDS.
CB4B.ree. luss^ »i X T ads 57%
Do, 4s coupon. ..lO9V> Do, 4s. 86
V S4snewreg.....ll7v 8 Mntual Union 6a... 114 *
Do, 4a coupon. ..ll'-.v ,iN J Cent Gen 65.. .118
Do, 2s 96 I Northern Pac lsta. 116
Do, 6s 112% ; Do. 2d5...........112V8
Do. 6s c0uD0n....1133,,i ' Do. SCa. 76
Cherokee 4s. 1898. 100 ' 'Northwest Consols. 1 39 Vi
Do, 1897 100 Do. deb 6s 107
Do. 1898.. 100 OB&Nlsu.. HO
I Do. 1899 100 6iLAlronMtQenSj 78%
Pacific 6s 0f '96.... st L & BF6«n 6s. 11"
DC. 3-6 6s 109y 4 ! Hi Paul Consols ...138V,
Ala Class A 4 105 et. p. c. APa lsts. ll« 3 i
Da Class B 4, Bs. 105 Do. Pac Cal ists.. 1 10
LaConsol4s 98» 4 6outhern R. R. Os. 94
Jtißsourl funding..— — j Texas Paclflc firsts *9
X i-*™ 1111 * 0011 *■•• 123 % Texas seconds. 24
.■Do, *a 103 UnlonPaclatof9S.los
Po Carolina 4%5...108 West Shore 4s 106
Tennnewas 86% Mobile Ohio 45.. 86>4
> a funding aeoc... CO 2 R Grande West lsta 76
f°- n X Ches<tO 6a. ....... 110
Do. deferred 65... 6 Atchlson 4a 80
Do. trust rcDtn at 5 I Do. 2ds A..- 27
Canada South 2as.. 103 Qll* s A 6a.. . .105
CtnPaelst«of9s 101 Do. 2d 7s. 101
Den&Roist 114 H 4 Tex Cent 5a.. 108
«i? ' i 890 I Do. con 10Q
rle^« 6liy 2 Reading 45......... 79T-8
ianaas Pa consols 76 Missouri tts... 100
*s fa ltu Den<Uvlloy 8 '
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Esq., April 2L— spot market
Is quiet at 6s 7d@ss Bd. Cargoes quiet at 27s 8d
on passage, buyers.
FUTURES. .
. The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April,
os Hid: May, 6s 6y 2 d; June, 5s 6y±d; July, 6s
oy±d; August, 6s 61,4(1.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Enb.. April 21.-Consols, 113y 8 ; sil
ver, 3ld; French Rentes, 10 If 70c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89%
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. $ ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars 54% 661/4
PEODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Are firm at 22s 6d, usual
options. The chartered wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 21,600, against 30,800 tons
on the same date last year. Disengaged, 50,024
tons, against 31,500: on the way to this port, 213,
--400 tons, against 251,000. "
WHEAT— Fannie Kerr takes for Cork 81,
--778 ctls, valued at $92, 469.
The market exhibits no noteworthy change.
Choice lots continue in fair demand. Futures are
weaker in sympathy with lower Eastern and for
eign markets. No. I, $1 07V»@l 10 ctl; cuoice,
$1 liy 4 V ctl: lower grades, $I@l O614: extra
choice tor milling, $1 15@1 22%.
'->;■ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session —10 o'clock — December—
100 tons, SI 08%; 100. $1 083/ .
Kkuui.ak Morning skssion— December— 3oo
tons, $1 O8V4: 700, $1 08y . May— loo, $1 08y .
Afternoon Skskion — May— 2oo tons, $1 08.
December— 4oo, $1 08.
BARLEY— Futures appeared rather easier, but
spot grain continued linn at the advance, - Feed,
72y @7334c %i cU: choice, 76@76yiC; Brewing,
80(a,8 7 i c. ■ , .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — December — 200 tons,
7634 c: 100, 76% c.
Rkoular JMorsinq Sessiost — December — 400
tons, 76c: 100, 76y c; 100, 7«3/ 8 100, 76y c;
100, 766/ 8 c; 100, 767' 8 c; 200, 77c; 100, 77y 2 c;
300. 77y c; 100, 773/ B e. May-100, 72% c; 100,
7V%c: 100, 723/ c. .
Afternoon session — Decembor — 200 tons,
76V c; 900, 77y 8 c; 1600, 77a May-100, 726/ 8 c:
100, 72% c: 100. 72% a
OAT?— Are quoted quieter at unchanged prices.
Milling are quotable at 75@82y 2 c •'l*' ctl; fancy
Feed, 82 1 / 2 @87%c: good to choice, 75@80c; com
mon to fair, 67%@72%; Gray, 72%@80c; Sur
prise. itOc(a.si f* cil.
CORN— Is quiet, but firmly held. Offerings about
balance the inquiry. Large Yellow, 87 %@90c;
Small Round do, 97y 2 c(a#l; White, 85@87%c fi
ctl. .
RYE— Weak and dull at 76Vi@78*4c f» ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— B6@9Oc^ cil. Ihe market con
tinues dull.
: : FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
• FLOUR— cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 75@3 85: Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 65;
superfine, *2 75@3 (A bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 fi ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2*4 c; Rye Flour. 3yic; Rice Flour, 7%c: Corn'
meal, 2^4@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
334 c; liroats, 4%c: Hominy, 4to4y>c; Buck
wneat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c"; Farina,
4y c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4%c;
Pearl Barley, 4%c: Split Peas, 4*4 c; Green do,
51,4 c%i lb.
HAY AND FKKDSTUFFS. *
BRAN— Is very firm at $14 50@15 fl ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@IB * ton for lower grades
and $18 50@19 50 %i ton for the best.
FEEDSTLFFB — Rolled Barley, $16 50@17;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, *20 "$ ton; jobbing, $21:
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 'j, ion.
HAY— Receipts are sufficient and the market Is
rather easy than otherwise. Wheat, $B@ll 60:
Oat, $B@9: Wheat and Oat, $8@11; Barley, $7@9;
Alfalfa, $7@9; Clover, $6@B 60; Compressed, $7
©10 50; Stock, $6@7 ■$ ton. :,.'-■-.-
--; STRAW— # bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— The market Is very quiet at the low
prices. Limas are scarce and higher. Bayos, 90c@
$1; Small Whites, $1 25@1 60 %* ctl: Pea, $1 26®
81 60^ ctl; large Whites, $l@110^ctl: Pink,
90c@$l; Beds, *1 25; Blackej-e, $1 40®l 60; Red
Kidney, nominal; Limas. $2 60@2 75; Butters,
$1 75@1 90 for small and $1 25@1 50 for large.
SEEDS— Nominal— "very little going on. Brown
Mustard, $1 60®2 25 fi ctl; Trieste, $2@2 50; Yel
low Mustard, $1 40@l 60; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Ca
nary, s!34c ■% lb; Alfalfa, 7y 2 2 c %i lb; Rape,
2y c -§ ft.; Hemp, 3%c « lb. -
DRIED PEAS— 25@1 40 » ctl for Nile* and
$1 25&1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POT A TOES— Early Rose are much higher. Ore
gons are a shade weaker, arrivals being larger.
New Potatoes, 70c@$l $ ctl; River Burbanks, 25@
35c "§ sk; Oregon Burbanks, 60@65c ctl; Oregon
Garnet Chiles, 70@80c: Early Rose, 60@70c; Peta
luma and Tomales, 40@50c %i sack; Humboldt
Burbanks, 60®60c % cli.
ONIONS— Receipts are larger and the market Is
easy at $1 60@l 75 $ ctl.
VEGETABLES- Arrivals were 530 boxes As
paragus and 285 boxes Rhubarb and 336 sacks
Peas.
The market is well supplied with all varieties ex
cept possibly Asparagus, and prices run along
about the same.
Summer Squash, 12% c; Egg Plant $ B»; Los
Angeles Tomatoes, $1 J>o(s2 50 box: Cucumbers,
50e@$l IS doz; Asparagus, $1 25@2 bx for ordi
nary anu $2 2 .'.>(a,2 50 for extra; Rhubarb, 25®
75c; Dried Peppers, 6@Bc: Green Peppers, 20@25c;
Green Peas, 2%(sK%c'9 lb;- String Beans, 8a
12y a c: Horse Beans, 50@75c % sack: Dried Okra,
I2V2C; Cabbage, 40c ?i cil ; Garlic, 4%@5c lb;
Marrowfat Squash, 'ft ton.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— spite of the continuous pack-
Ing stocks are large and the market is easy.
crkahkry — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13%c
It>.
Dairy— Fancy, 12y2@1 ; good to choice, 12c:
lower grades, 1 1@1 iy 2 c.
Eastern— Norn :
CHEESE— Stocks are large and the market Is
weak and a shade lower Fancy mild new, B%@9c
ii ib; common to good, 7@Bc; Cream Cheddar, 10
@llc; Young America, 9@loc; Western, 10@llc-
Eastern, 12@14c Ib.
EGGS— Buyers are holding off, hoping to pur
chase at lower prices, owing to the arrivals from
Oregon and the East, but prices keep up, neverthe
less. Eastern Kegs, 13%@14; Oregon Eggs, 13@
13y 2 c; Store Eggs, 13%(a,14c; ranch Eggs, 14i/ 2 (a)
15c; Duck Eggs, 16@17c $ doz. - ; ;* . ■
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— demand Is slow and some kinds
show a slight decline. . ;; Live Turkeys are quotable
nt 13@15c $ rb for Gobblers. 13@15c for Hens:
Geese, * pair. $1 25@1 76: Ducks, $4@5 for old and
$7@B 50 1* doz for young: Hens, $4Cg)6; Roosters,
young, .s7«j:B V doz: do, old, $4(g»4 60; Fryers. $i@
6 &0; HroiTers. $4 50Cg>5 50 for large and $'.'<S3 60
for small; Pigeons, 81 50@2 for young and $1 60(a)
175 for old. , •••.•, :■■' -. '•.-■■ -■■ ' >■■;■ ■
GAME— Han, $1 1? loz; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot
tontails and $I@l 26 r* uoz for small.
i ECIDUOUS AND , CITRUS FRUITS.
Reports from all districts show great damage
from frost, which has been unprecedented this
year.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples, $1 75®2 26fibox
for good to choice, $1 26@1 60 for common to fair,
and $2 &o@2 75 for fancy. Ninety-four boxes of
Cherries came In and were quoted at 50@75c for
White, $I@l 60 for Red and $2(g>2 26 ~0 box for
Black.
OUAPES— The damage by frost Is widespread
and everybody looks for high prices this year.
Buyers are already bidding $25 fi ton for Zinfan
del.
BERiyES— Receipts of Strawberries were 400
chests, selling at f s@B per chest for Longworths
and $3@5 for large berries.
Fine Raspberries from San Leandro brought .?2
f( drawer; liooseberries. 60c f>, drawer.
CITRUS Fit U ITS— Oraiues are dull, owing to
the cold weather. Lemons arr slill slow of sa c.
l.imes are steady. Oranges are quotable at 60c
@$1 50 '# box for Seedlintss, ?1 50@3 50 box
for Navels, $1 76@2 75 for Malta Bloods and $1 50
@2 for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, 75c@$l 50
for common and f2@2 60 for good to choice; Mcxl
can Limes, $5 50@6; California Limes. $1;. Ba
nanas, $I@2 %l bunch; Pineapples are nominal.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
The frost has cut down the output for 1896 Im
mensely, but the market shows no response exceDt
for Raisins, which are now in demand in conse
quence of the recognized failure of the crop. Nuts
are very firm. Honey is slow and flat. -
DKIED FRUITS— the following nominal prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange: '";
Carload Lots— Apples, iya@2Vfc c If* tb for quar
tered, 2@3c ft, 1b for sliced and 4 Vie fi ft for evap
orated Peaches. 3y 2 @4c fi lb and 6Va@Sc for
fancy: peeled in boxes. 12c: Apricots, 7 1 .. 2 @Bi>2C
for prime to choice. 91/gc for fancy and 10@Tlc
lb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 2V-;C tor nn
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks; Pears 7c '&
lb for evaporated halves, 4(<j6y 2 i"'f* lb for quarters;
Prunes, 3Vi@3Vic: Plums, 4c %> Ib for pitted and
I J /a@- : ViBC lorunpltted; Nectarines, 6<jit>c %i Ib for
prime 10 choice and 6y>c for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4@4y 2 c
IS 1b; sun-dried, iy 2 (&2c tb: Peaches, B@4c ft tb
and 5c lb far fancy ; peeled In boxes, 10@12Vac;
Prunes, 4c for four sizes, 6c for 40(<i)50's and 5c
for sO@6O's: Apricots. «@9 y 2 c for prime to choice,
)o@llcfor fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 2Vi@
2%c; White Figs, 3@fic: Pears. 6 1 / 2 e for evapoi
ated halves and 3@sVic for quarters; Plums,
3Vi@4c for pitted and l@lVaC for unpitted; Nec
tarines. 4@sc Q tb for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85(g>9Oc » box: four-crown, loose,
3%c %l" tb; three-crown, loose, 2 14 c IS lb; two
crown. 2c; seedless Sultanas, 3» y i(^4c; needless
Muscatels, 2 1 £@'2*Aci three-crown London layers,
75@9(>c; clusters, $1 35©1 50; Dehesa clusters,
$i! iO@«' 26; Imperial clusters, $2 fO@2 75; Dried
Grapes, 2y c ~£ tt>.
Jobbing Pricks — Four-crown loose, Sc: 3
crown 2Vi@2i/ 2 c: 2-crown, l-%@2c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 3%@4c; Seedless Muscatels, 2V2C: 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 40@l 50:
Dehesa clusters, $2 35- Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes. 2c :
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc $! lb
for No. 1 bard and 11@1 3c * Ib for paper-shell, job
bing lots; Almonds, 6@7^c V lb for Languedoc
and 81 .ydilOc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6Vi
@7c for Eastern and 4y.,@5y a c for California : Hick
ory Nuts, 5(U,6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished; Filberts, B(g,9c: Brazil -Nuts, B@9c %i
lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50(g}5 % 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@l 2c $ Ib for
bright and B@9c $ ft, for lower grades; water
white extracted, 5(g.5i/ 2 c & Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4i4@43Ac; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESVVAX-2i@27c «* tb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers report the market very slow.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c $>lbfor heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c $ th for light, 100 for extra
light and 12c %! tb for sugar-cured : Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, liy>c; California Hams. 10c %i tb;
Bless Beef, $8 %4 bbl; extra mess do, $8 60; fam
ily do, $10: extra prime Pork. $9 %* bbl; extra
clear, $14 bbl: mess, 813 $ bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 614 c"s Ib
for compound and 63 c for pure; pails, 7 1 / 2 c: Cali
fornia ' tierces, 5y.,c for compound and 2 c for
nure; half-bbls, 7c;,10-lb tins, 7y 2 c; do 6-lb, 8c
? Ib. . .-■ .
COTTOLENE— 6y<c In tierces and 7%c '$ Ib in
10- tins. ;: .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Are dull and unchanged.
Heavy salted steers, 6y 2 @7c; culls and brands, 5V 2
@6c "& lb: medium, »y @6c; culls and brands, 4y 2
fsc; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 6c
tb; culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 5c p Ib;
salted Calf. 8c fi Ib; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 9
<S10c; culls and brands, 7%c: dry Kip and Veal,
B@9c; cmis, 6Vs>c; dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goat
skins, 20(*35c each; Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
summer,2s@3oc; medium, 15@25c; winter. 9@loc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@16c each; short wool,
20@35ceach; medium, 40©50 c each; lon* wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about y»c less.
: TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3^@*4c; No. 2, 3c:
refined. sy @ss / 4c; Grease. 2y c V- tb.
WOOL— he market continues in an unsatisfac
tory condition, being neglected at the low prices.
We quote Spring Nevada, 6@9c Ib; San Joa
quin and Southern Coast, 6 months, 4@6c f) Ib;
San Joaquln, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4V2@6y 2 c.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c ft Vb. Re
ports from Oregon and Washington say that some
growers are plowing up their yards, and the crop
will probably be smaller this year in consequence.
Some contracts at 6c are mentioned. ,
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 25; San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y 2 @
26y 2 c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 ton: New Wellington,
$8 "$ ton; Southneld Wellington, $7 50 ton;
Seattle. $5@5 60; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $6 50; Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo. $7 60:
Cumberland, 913 50 In bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; runnel. $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
*10 60 in bulk and $12 60 $ ton in sacks.
CANNED FRUlT— Apricots are quotable at $1
f>l 05 %i dozen; Peaches, $1 10@l 30; Pears,
I 25@1 35 "$ dozen: Plums, 90c@»l.
. CANNED . VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 70®
72y a c ¥ dozen: Peas, 95e@$l 05 dozen.
COFFEE— Fair demand.
Costa Rica— lß%@2oc for good to prime: 17y a
18!/ac for good mixed with black beans; 16 l A©
17i/ac nom. for fair; 13@16c for common to ordi
nary.
Salvadob— l7 : V^i@lßy2r for fair to good washed:
19y 2 @2oc for good washed peaberrv; 17@1 7 Victor
superior unwashed;' '16"re for good green
washed; 19c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 20@21c & Ib for
prime to strictly prime washed; 18V2<ii)19V|C for
good to strictly good washed; 17y 2 (a>ißi4c for fair
washed; 16@17c for medium: 14@15y 2 c for ordi
nary; 1 2(gil for inferior to common: 20@20^4c
for good to prime washed peaberry; 19c for good
unwashed peaberry.
FlSH— Pacinc Cod, catch of 1895: 100-Ib cases
quotable at 6c Ib: 60- bundles, 5c %* lb; Silver
Kini; Strips. 8c %i Ib; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c %4 Ib;
Tablets, 8c %« Ib; seabrlght Block-, 7y a c; Pacific
Herring. 18c •# box; Dutch do, $I@l 25 %» keg;
White Fish, $1 60 in half-bbls and $1 75 in kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls — No. 1,
$30; No. 2, $26; No. 3,824; half-bbls— No. 1,
812 50: No. 2, $11; No. 3, $10; kits, No. 1, S2;
No. 2, $1 60; No. 3, $1 60.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $36@38
¥ flask.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c;
bbls, 90c %* gal (manufacturers' rates) ; Linseed
Oil in bbls, boiled, 50c; do raw, 48c; cases. 6c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter-strained, bbls, 61c;
No. 1, 51c; cases 5c higher; China Nut, 39@47c "£
gal. ■■-:
PETROLEUM— EIaine Is quotable at 24i/2<> V
gal; Eocene, 2iy 2 c %* gal; Headlight, 176", cases,
2iy 2 c; Star. 19y c; extra Star, in cases. 231/.C:
Astral, 19y c; Pearl, 19V 2 c; Standard. 110° tire
test, 17y 2 c % gal in cases, 18c faucets and 13i/ 2 c
in bulk; Water-white, refined, in bulk, 14i /8 c; Min
eral Seal, bulk. 19c; wood bbls, 21 1 / ac; cases, 24c
'& gal; Mineral Sperm, bulk, 20c; wood bbls,
■::'';■'; cases. 25c ift gal. 1 ■■*
GASOLINE AND BENZINE— Gasoline In
bulk, 20c; case«, 25c; Deodorized stove Gasoline,
bulk, 15i/ 2 c: cases, 20^c; 63° Deoderized Ben-,
zinc, bulk, 14y c; cases, 19y 2 c.
WHITE LEAD-Quoted at 6V 2 c "$> lb.
RED Quotable at 6V2C * lb. • .' v ■;<
TURPENTINE— 47c $ gal.
CANDLES— Prices are lower. Granite Candles,
6s, 16 oz, 91/4 C; do. 14 oz, 8y 2 do, 12 oz, 7%c;
do, 10 oz, 7c; Electric Light Candles, 6s, .16oz,
8c; do, 14 oz. 714 c: do 12 oz, 6y«c; do, 10 oz, 6i^c;
ParaHine , Wax Candles, . white, Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and
12s, 14 oz, 9c; assorted colors, same sizes, 10c. <"
LEATHER— There is ■no change In the San
Francisco Leather market, although the usual
quantity of Leather has been placed, the sales
being in small amounts and at relatively low prices.
Little or no Leather has been bought for shipment \
to the East. The Japanese trade takes thu usual
quantity of Sole and Harness on each steamer, but
the orders have been small. Harness Leather con
tinues quiet and in moderate demand. Kip and
Calf are nominal. Extra heavy Sole is quotable at
26@28c^Ib; heavy Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 250
for No. 2; medium So c, 24(a)26c for No. 1 and
22c %* tb for No. 2: Light Sole, 23@24c for No.
l,and2o@2^c^ ib for No. 2; Harness, heavy, SO®
35c; do, medium, 28c: do, light, 24@25c; Rough
Leather, 18@20c; Kips, $40@45 14 doz; Calf,
70rg,90c; Rough Splits, 4@sc.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6y 3 c; Dry Granulated, £>%c;
Confectloneis' A, s»ic; Magnolia A, 514 c: Extra
C, 6Y 8 c; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, y±c more
than barrels, and boxes Vie more. ■ ■ "
SYkUP— Golden, in bbla, 15c;' Black Strap. 10c
*gal.. - - -. . :■.,:■:. \ ■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb are quoted lower. Hogs
are also off again, supplies being  too large.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from the
slaughterers are as follows: » . •
BEEF— First quality, s@syiC; second do, 4y 2 @
43Ac; third do, 3y 2 @4c * Ib. : -
VEAL— Large, 6(w6c; small, 6@7c f, Ib.
, MUTTON— Wethers, 6@5y 2 c; • Ewes. 4V 2 @sc
?4 Ib. \ -
LAMB — Spring Lamb. 6<a6y 2 c $ lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3Vi@3%c 1* tb for large and
?,5/g(g.3%c for small and medium: dressed do, 4y 2
@tic lb. ..-,- .. .- .-:- -.
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES, ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each: Redwood, $5 "£ cord;' Oak,
rough, $6 50; peeled, $9: .Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 45@50c
for 7x9. - , " ,-■
TANBARK-sl4 ip cord. '
Retail prices for Pine are No. 1 rough, $13(»
$17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2, $11 ; No. 1
Flooring, $21@26;- Lath, $2: \ Redwood, $16 for
No. 1 and $13 lor No. 2; Rustic, $18@23; Shingles,
common, $1 50 ; Shakes, *9 # M.. .'..•■"; * i ' : -•
RECEIPTS- OF PRODUCE. '
■: : FOB 24 BOVB3. ; ■'■• , - • ■'■. ' \
JTlonr. or. »\en... 16.840 Cheese, ctls. ...... 5
Washington 6,444:Egg5. d0z.......... 15,300
Wheat, ct15........ 2,7051H1ae5. n0........;. 117
Washington..... ' 210 Pelts, t>dls.._. 670
Barley, ct15. ....... 2,980! W001. 'bi5.......... : 893
Oats, ctls. . M ■ 770 Wine, gals 74,700
Corn, ct15..:....... 600 Lime, bbls ........ , 120
Potatoes, ska,... 909iQuicksIlver. flasKS 125
Onions, 5it5.....;- , 269 Chicory, bb15......' - 62
Hay, ton*. 273 Leather, r0115... 14
Rmn, «tt a ..„ 1,435 Lumber. M feet... , 20
Middlings, 51c5....." 650 Flaxseed,' Wsh, sk ' 762
Butter, ct15...;....' 49i|-'; ■■••;
It : was to Christine Nilsson that Am. :
broise Thomas" "Hamlet" owed a great
deal 'of its early success and ; popularity 1
The 1 Scandinavian i Ophelia "x enchanted ;
Paris," and her flaxen hair, pink and white
lace, striking -personality and beautifu
voice made the opera in a night. . : •. . >.-
EEAL ESTATE TBANSAOTIONS.
A. JL, and Fannie W. Bancroft to John A. Wright,
lot on the NW coiner or Pine and Franklin streets,
N 68:9, W 110, N 68:9. W 27:6, S 137:6, E
137.6; $1.
M. S. and Flora C. Wilson to Agnes S. Taylor,
lot on 8 line of California street, 81:3 E of Web
ster, E 75 by S 137:6: $10.
Simon and P.ache! Glaser to Albert Huber, lot on
E line of Devisadero street, 110 N of Post, N 35 by
E 137:6; $10.
L. H. and Ida M. Hawley to C. M. Abbott, lot on
N line of Page, 50 W of Broderick, W 25 by N
100; $10.
Henry Atreroth to M»ry Atzeroth, lot on S line
of McAllister street, IS7"E of First avenue, E 50
by S 137:6; gift.
Pacific Improvement Company to Thomas J.
White, lot on SE line of Stevenson street. 50:6
SW of Brady, SW 24 by sE 89: $10.
Charles E. I.ivermore to John and Mary Quin
ton lot on E line of Chattanooga street, I^9 S of
Tw nty-first, S 25 by E 125: $10.
P trick Harrington to Charles H., William F.,
George and Mary A. Long, lot on X line of York
str< et, 250 S of Twenty-second, S 25 by E 100;
$10.
Martin Hill to Maria Hill, lot on E line of York
street, 400 S of Twenty-second, S 25 by E 100;
gift.
R. K. and Catherine Pattridge to James Oalla
gher, lot on X line of Twenty-fourth street, 92 :6 E
of Howard, E 36:6, N 90, W 5:6, N 6, W 30, S 95;
$20.
Annie Clancy to Philip Clancy, lot on N line of
Thirtieth street, 30 E of Sanchez, E 25 by N 114:
gift.
F. F. and Sarah C. Taylor to Charles £1. Stilson,
all interest in lot on NW corner of Montgomery
and Filbert streets, W 87:6 by N 37:6; $150.
Lnnlng Company to George Whittell, lot on S
line of Morton street, 60 E of Dujjont, E 75, S 60,
W 56, S 2:6 W 20, N 62:6; $20.
Leise Lacbmann to Raphael S. Calish, lot on S
line of Sacramento street, 112:6 W of Leaven
worth, W 26 by S 60, quitclaim deed; $1.
Raphael s. Calish to Caroline Cook, same: $10.
Mary Martin, Emma J., John and Mary E. Glln
den to Henry Byson, lot on NE line of Ritch
Btreet, 75 SEof Folsom, SE 25 by NE 80: $10.
Morris Roseher to Ester Rosener, lot on N line
of <■ alifornia street. 107:6 W of Twelfth avenue,
W 25 by N 100: $10.
Sol and Dora Getz to Herbert A. Gladstone, lot
on SW corner of T street and Forty-second ave
nue, S 100 by W 32:6; $10.
Clark Simons to Clannce W. C. Simons, lots 20
and 21, block 3. Syndicate's Firs: Addition; $10.
ALAMKDA CODNTY.
Angelette J. Breck to M. L. B. Hathaway, lot be
ginning at a point 352 feet from the SE corner of
Telegraph avenue and Orchard street, E 45 by S
125, being lot 9, block A, Armes Tract, quitclaim
deed. Oakland: $10.
Abraham and Dora Davis to Hyman Davis, lot
on S line of Fourth street. 150 W of Webster. \V 25
by S 100, being lot 11, block 32, Oakland; $5.
Joachim Durst to Louise H. Durst, lot on NW
corner of Adeline and West I welfth streets, N
146:2. W 128:3. S 46:2, E 28:3,8 100. X 100 to
beginning, block 574, Oakland: also an undivided
one-naif in a mining claim of the Washington Blue
Gravel Mine: $10.
A. R. Waters to Harry V. Maxfield, lot on S line
of Thirty-third (or Nolan) street, 100.95 W of
Telegraph avenue, S 100 by W 30, being a portion
of Boston Tract (subject to "a mortgage for $1800),
Oakland; $10.
Morning Pope to Salenl Williamson, lots 15 and
16, block N-484, Market-street Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Unknown owners (by Tax Collector) to James
Miller, strip of land lying between lot 9, block 59,
San Antonio street and E boundary line of San
Antonio, fronting 37 feet on East Twelfth street by
a depth riW of lfiO, Kast Oakland : $6.
William J. Lavmance to Harry H. Seawell, lot
on S\V line of East Twenty-second street, 100 SE
of Tenth avenue, SE 50 by SW 150, being lots IS
and 14, block 131b, Brenau estate property, Ea3t
Oakland; $10.
Warner Land and Improvement Company (cor
poration) to James and Joseph Warner, lot on NE
line of East Eighteenth street. 50 N\> of Sixth
avenue, NW 100 by NE 100, block 104, Clinton,
East Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Calvert
Meade. lot 204 in plat 25*. Mountain View Ceme
tery, Oakland Township; $58.
Isiik L. P. and j.a urn Diftrichson to Joseph W.
Keenan. lot on H line of Fortieth street, 406 E of
Grove, E 32 by N 110, being lot 17. resubdivision
of Montgomery Tract, subject to a mortgage, Oak
land Township: $10.
Elizabeth Kaolin (wife of T. H., et al.) to Cath
arine Kinsman, lot commencing at a point 2874 W
from West San Pablo avenue ana 325 from South
Park avenue. S 50 by E 133. Oakland Town
ship; also lot commencing at a point 2874 W from
West San Pabio avenue and 450 S from South
Park avenue, S 26, E 133, N 25, W 133 to begin
ning, being lot 12 and S half of lot 10, block 27,
Emery Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland Town
ship; $1.
J»hn Kinsman to same, same (two pieces), quit
claim deed, Oakland Township: $1.
Catherine (wife of J. Merritt) et al., to same,
samp, quitclaim deed, Oakland Township: $1.
Ella K. Frick to Charles Wlemann, lot, on N line
of Rnssell street, at the point of its intersection
by the line dividing lots 27 and 28, block 29,
Smith's subdivision of Matthews Tract, thence N
185.26. E 40, S 184.09, W 40 to beginning, being
lot 27, block 29, Smith's subdivision of Matthews
Tract, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $5.
William H. Quin to Ellen M. Ciuln, lot on N line
of Ashby avenue, 60 E of Lorina street, E 30 by N
100, being lot 2, block D, Adeline Tract, Berkeley;
gift.
William P. and Katie F. Courtney to Harry H.
Beawell, lot 19, block D, Revised .Map Prospect
Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles and Ellen E. Potter to James K. Moffltt,
lot on N line of Han Jose avenue, 350 W of Willow
street, W 50 by N 160, being lot 2 in X i/fe block
M, Property Pioneer Homestead Association, Ala
in erta: $10.
John Fearn (executor of the estate ol John W.
Crawford) to W. E. Dean, all interest in the estate
of John W. Crawford, deceased; $1.
E. F. and Adele Lorquin (by commissioner) to
P. F. Benson, lot on E line of Elm street, 2*o S of
College avenue (Plymouth avenue), S 80 by E
206. being lots 66 and 67, Buena Vista Homestead
Oakland; $1937.
Liming Company (a corporation) to Anna L.
Whittell, lot on NE corner of Market and Twenty
second streets. E 97.63, E 234 30. N 139. 31. W
26:;. 589.1 i, to b ginning; also lot commenoin 1 at
intersection of N line of Twenty-second street
with S line of Isabella, thence E 164.65, S
B 140.38, W 215.58, to beginning: also lot on SE
corner of Broadway and sixth street. S 110 by E
100, being lots 5 to 9 kud N 10 feet of lots 4 and
28, block 55; also lot on S line of Sixth street, 150
E of Broadway, E 50 by S 100. being lots 12 and
13. block 65, Oakland; $20.
Justus P. Miller to Sarah E. Miller, commencing
at a stake set In the W line of Second avenue, set
for NE corner, lot 4. block 2. state University
Homestead Association Tract, W 317:6 by S
115:6, being lot 4. block 2, property State Univer
sity Homestead Association No. 3, Berkeley : $500.
Same to same, lot on N line of Moss street, 120
W of Ralston, N 120 by W 135, being lot 9, block
4,' property State University Homestead Associa
tion No. 3. Berkeley: $300.
Henrietta Ponnelly to Grace H. Donnelly, un
divided one-thirtieth of interest in lot on NE line
of Main avenue, 153:2 NW from N corner of
said avenue and Julia street, NW 159, NE 341,
SE 159, SW 341 to beginning, being lot 6, block D,
Oak Tree Farm Tract, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn
Township; $1125.
Priscilia Shelper to O. P. Johnson. lot on N line
of Hyde street, 275 W of Peralta avenue, W 50 by
N 106, being lots 51 and 52, Corrected Map of
Electric Heights Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
James and Sarah L. Coffin to G. W. Fisher, lot
on NE corner of Champion and School streets,
thence SE 543 62, E 254.52, NW 260, SW 175,
NW 106, NE 175, NW 168.53, SW 403.60 to be
ginning, being block C, except lots 31, 32 and 33,
Champion Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alexander Mahan and George D. Greene (execu
tors of the estate of Adaline A. Greene) to Frank
Hally, lot on N line of Clara avenue, 184 W of
Park street, W 34:8 by N 90, block 48, lands ad
joining to Encinal, Alameda; $4750.
Gisela Kower (by attorney) to Georgiana Crane,
lot on W line of Caroline street, 326 S of Central
avenue, S 50 by W 100, being lot 126, £ucinal
Park Tract, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Claus Spreckles with Hert<jr Bros., In
terior work in residence at SW corner of Van
Ness avenue and Clay street; Reid Bros., archi
tects; $46,200.
Mrs. C. Meyers with Oeorge Dack, alterations
and additions to residence at 2626 Bush street; G.
Schendler, architect; $1500.
There are three women commercial trav
elers who go the rounds regularly for dra
pery houses in the city of London. They
put up at the same hotels as their male
competitors and it need hardly be added,
receive from them every courtesy and as
sistance. It is said that up to the present
they have done fairly well.
Fame is a curious affair. General Miles
is in constant receipt of letters asking for
his latest photograph, and there is hardly
a square mile on the globe from which ne
has not been at some time or other be
sought for his autograph.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, 1896.
Su.
W.
5
6
7
11
18
/C& New Moon.
■& ■ April 12
12
17
3 First Qua
April
19
21 I
28
Full Jloi
April
29
6<bjk?A.£i I (STJCAALKKBt
Datna of Departure 1 rom San Francl*co«
j Araco ..;...
Weeott.....
Plate of Cai
Corona
Homer .■;...■.
P0m0na....:
Walla Walla
Eureka .... :
Gaelic
Empire.;.:..
. Kama Kosa..
>araiiOD.'..*.
Aur.trnlin,...
Columbi*::.
. San Jose....
Bt Pani..ir.r
I' mat 11ia....
uoo« nay.....; |
Eel River.....
Portland...
San Ditto
Coo» Bay.;:.;.
HuiubolrUßav
Vie * Pgt Bnd
Newport .......
China <fc Japan
| Portland.:....:
■San Diego:...:
\ aaulna Bay..
H0n01u1u."...:.
Portland ......
Panama.:.'...'. I
Newport ....':.
Vie & Pet Snd
Grays Harbor.
UrajroUsroot.
Apr22.lUAii
Apr 22.; 9am
Apr 23.10 am
Apr 23.11 am
Apr 23. spm
Apr 23.: L'i-u
Apr ' 24. 9am
Apr '2s. «am
Apr 26, ,3pm
Apr "26. 6pm
Apr 27.11 am
Anr'27. 9am
Apr2S.IUAM
Apr2B,lOAM
| Apr 28,12 M
Aiir29. i<am
Apr 29. 9am
Apr 29. 12 m
Apr 29. .....
Pier IS
Pier 2 1
Pier 11
Oceanic
Pier 9 1
Pier 9 1
Pier 11
PM S3
Pier 13
Pier 11 ,
Pier 2
Oceania 9
Pier 24
PM 8 8
Pier It
Pier 9 .; '■■']
Pier '1 r \
STEAMERS TO AKKIVE.
Stkameb I
vaquma
Truckee
Homer
National City... !
Eureka
San m to
Australia.
Han Jose . ....... I
City of Peking.. '
North .t'orli. I
f-ania Kosa.
V mat Ilia I
Queen
Empire... ;
Cur or Everett ;
Ferallon ........ I
Mackinaw !
Almeola ;
■ Weeott... j
sunol
San Juan ;
Costa Rica j
Progressist ]
0rizaba...'......
Del Norte
Araco
Crescent City...
St Paul
C010n...........
Seattle
Tillamoofe;
Coos ±;av
! Humboldt....
j Newport
Tacoma,
Honolulu
! Panama ......."
I China <S japan
I Hnmboidt Bay
t<an Diego.
| Victoria & Pueec Sound
I Portland
| Portland..
Nanaimo
I Yaouln.% 8ay .......
Taromi
! Tacoma
■ Eel River
(.rays liar Dor
; Panama.
Departure Bay
Departure Bay
i Mexico
Grays Haroor ........
coos Bay
Crescent City. ..........
Newport.
Panama..
San Dlexo.
..Apr 22
..Apr 22
..Apr 22
..Apr 22
.Apr 23
..Apr 23
..Apr 23
Apr 24
..Apr 24
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 26
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 26
..Apr -:6
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 29
' A i-r 29
Corona ;
SL.\, MOON AND TIUK.
U. 8. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tide 1 )
BDL.LKTXX Published by Official V
Authority of thk SI'PKRIXTKXDIiST. j
Wednesday, April 22.
Son rises. 8.23 i Moon rises......
Sun sets 6.64 ! Moon sets 2.22 am
Time
H W
TiiUH
L W
Time
H W
Time
L \V
I 5.341
\L Wj
1.09
i 2.12
3.01
i! 3.45
5.012.27— 0.4! 7.54 3.81
Feet H W I Feet L W Feet H W
2.7. 7.02 5.0 1.25J— 0.3 8.26 i
2.0| 8.19 5.1 2.21—0.1 9.00!
1.3 9.18 6.0 3.12 0.1 9.31
0.7! 10. IS 4.9; 365 0.4i10.07J
4.
! 5.
Rote— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three ttdes, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
chnrts, except when a minns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractive
from the deDth elven by ibe charm
UYDUOGBAFHIG ' BULLETIN.
Ebamch Hydroobaphic Officb, U. 3. N. \
Mkkchants' ExcHAN-nre. V
Ban Fkaxcibco. April 21. 189 K. )
The time ball on Telegraph Htll was dropned
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at H T. m.. Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtkleb,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPFISU lIiTKLLIULNI'E.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, April 21.
Stmr Corona, Hall, 60 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
<fe Co.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 34 hours from Crescent
City: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Stmr Caspar, Anflndsen, 17 hours from Cas
par; 382 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Stmr Bonlla, Downing, 90 hours from San
Diego and way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 16% hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Good all, Perkins it Co.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 27 hours from Eureka;
222 M. ft lumber. 90 M shakes, to J R Hantfy.
Bark Gen Fair-child, Brannan, 7 days from Na
natmo; 2280 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's Sous.
Schr Roy Somers, Olsen, 6 days from Portland;
lumber, to Byxbee cfc Clark, Up river direct.
Schr Mary Etta/ Wetzel, 4H hours from Flsks
Mill; 80 cds wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Lucy, Peterson, 8 days frm New Whatcom;
375 M ft lumber, to Belilngham Bay Lumber Co.
Clearer!.
TUESDAY, April 21.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R Duns
muir it Co.
Hubs stmr Kotik, Llndqulst; Petropolovskl;
Russian seat StUn Co.
Ship El well, Rader, Nanaimo; John Rosenfeld's
Sons.
Bark CoryDhene, Grant, Alltak; Alaska Packers'
Assn.
Russ bktn Behring, Rlngvall, Petropaulovski
via Commander Island; Russian Seal Skin Co.
';•?; Sailed.
■ , ; . v . . TUESDAY, April 21.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr St Paul, Leland, San Pedro.
> Stmr Royal, Williams; Bristol Bay,
Stmr Alcatraz. Fagerlund,
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
- Htmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Russ stmr Kotik, Lindqulst. PetropaulovskL
Schr Premier. Wagner, Ueashlk.
Schr Gotama. Brissom, Coos Bay. .  ■ .
Schr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes. •
&chr Archie and Kontle, Colstrup; Stewarts Point.
Toleeranhlo.
POINT LOBOS. ADrll 21—10 p. M.- Weather
cloudy; wind W; velocity 8 miles.
Charter*.
I The schr Czarina loads mdse for Apia nnl Fan-
Dings Island; schr J D Tallaut and Haw bark San
tiago, sugar at the Hawaiian Islands for this port:
ship Elwell. coal at Nanaimo for this port; ship J
B Brown, coal at Comox for Dutch Harbor; schr J
11 Weatherwax, lumber at Grays Harbor for Suva.
Spoken.
Feb 14—52 S 57 W, Br bark Invermore, from
London for Sydney.
Apr 5— 20 N, .26 W, Brshlp Drumrock, from
London for Tacoma.
Domestic Ports.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 20— Stmr Pasadena
and scbr Alice, from Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Apr 21— Stmr Del
None, hence Apr 17. - .-
BOWENS LANDING-Arrived Apr 21— Schr
Monterey, hence Apr 20.
MENDOCINO-Arrived Apr 21— Schr W 8
Phelps, hence Apr 14.
USAL— Sailed Apr Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Apr 17— Schr Guide, for San
Francisco. • • ■ .
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Apr 20— Stmr Protection
and schr Abbie.
EUREKA— SaiIed Apr 21— stmr Farallon. for
Yaquina Bay: stmr .Arcata. foi Portland: stmrs
Pomona and Scotia, for San Francisco: schr John
A, Elnorah and Occidental, for San Francisco.
Arrived Apr 21— Schrs Eclipse and Mary Buhne,
hence Apr 10. ■, . .....
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Apr 21— Stmr Sunol,
hence Apr 16.
I VERSENS DlNG— Arrived Apr 21— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Apr 14.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Apr 31— Stmr Na
varro. from Monterey. • ,
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 21— Stmr Green
wood, hence Apr 20.
Sailed Apr 21— Stmr Whltesboro, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Apr 21— Tue
Collis. hencs Apr 19. .
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Apr 21— Schr
Newark, from Hueneme.
TATOOSU— Passed Apr 21-Stmr City of Puebla.
hence Apr 19 for Victoria.
■Foreign Ports.
GLASGOW— Apr 18— Haw schr Honolulu
for Valparaiso. , ■
BRISBANE— Arrived crlor to Apr HO— Br shlD
Falls of Afton, hence Feb 29. v
FLEETWOOD-Arrived Apr 19-Br ship Co
runna, hence Dec 8.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Apr 19— Br ship Dalgo
nar. from Tacoma. > .
j SLIGO- Arrived Apr 20— Br bark Beeman, from
Oregon. .
1 QUEENSTOWN-Arrived Apr 21-Shlp Califor
nia, from San Francisco and proceeded for Liver
pool; ships Carned Llewellyn, from San Francisco.
HONGKONG-Arrived Apr 20-Stmr Asloun.
from Portland, Or.  - . ■ ■
Movement* of Train- Atlantic Steamers.
CIUEENSTOWN- Arrived Apr 21-Stmr Waes
land, from Philadelphia for Liverpool and pro
ceeded. . . -
> NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 21-Stmr Western
land, from Antwerp.
Sailed Apr 21— Stmr Havel, for Bremen.
GLASGOW— Arrived out Apr 21— stmr Norwe
gian.
ROTTERDAM-Sailed Apr 21-Stmr Edam, for
New York. ■ ■ . . '. r
LIZARD-Passed Apr 21— Stmr Spaarnrlam. fm
New York for Rotterdam: stmr Scandla. from
Hamburg for New York. •
SCILLV-Passed Apr 21-Stmr Dresden, from
new York for Hamburg; stmr Lahn, from New
York for Bremen.  .. ,
Importation*. . ■
SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— l 42 pk s mdse 61
pkga agricultural Implements, 1 crate chickens 67
bdls dry fish, 27, cs honey, 21 sks dried fruit 303
bxs oranges, 875 bxs lemons. 4 meters. 4 pestles
3 hf-bxs tangarlnes,'49 pcs curbing, 7 ska crane
root. 1 cs lemons and oranges. . -T grape
Newport-1 . coil . wire. 178 bxs oranges, 78 ' sks
peanuts, 314 sks corn, 49 bxs lemons, 24 bbls sweet
potatoes. ' ' -*■ - •.* ; " *"
Los Angeles via 8 C Ry— s pkgs mdse, 37 :rts I
10 wheels 'l,t?ns rCS lard, 8 " ham" 13 «D S °'^ r '
Los Angeles via Redondo— s pkgs mdse, 3 bbls
don^^K 466 sks bttrlev . *P k mdse, 148 bxs
lemons, 4*20 bxs oranges. ■■ -..:
>, Los Angeles via S P Co, Port Los Angeles-12 cs
I kgs liquor. 63 pkgs mdse, 38 bxs type, 2 cs shoes,
whls" lacKs, 6 bblß grease. 18 bxs oranges, 1 bbl
r Port Los Angeles-480 sks corn, 15 pkgs mdse,
52 bxs oranges, 20 bxs lemons.
Santa Barbara -49 i>kftS mdse, 45 crts lemons.
Port Harroru— ls tubs 165 hf-bxs butter. 19 sks
wool. 56 cs eggs. 27 bdls green hides, 5 1 cs cigars, 8
cs honey. 12 cs cheese, ; 4 pkgs mdse, 1 bdl pelts, 5
coops chickens. 29 dressed calves. 2 horses. 600 sks
bituminous rock. ft bxs lish. -. : •
EUREKA — Per Pomona— l cs dry goods, 2 bbls
mineral water,. 30 rolls leather, 282 Dxs butter, 2
cs lamps. 100 il shakes, 122y» M ft lumber, 2 pcs
wood, 31 sks potatoes, 10 pkgs express, 48 doors, 1
sk coin. ■ ' ■■ . : ■■ . : .
.• Sprinsjvllte— 20 ska potatoes.
Kohnervillle— s bxs apples.
BAN SIMEON— Per Bonlta-234 hog*
Worres Chute— '24 hogs. . .
Santa Maria— l2o hogs. ■■'
San Diego— 2B* cs powder. .
i Santa Cruz IslanJ— a bis dry pelts, Ics fox skins,
1000 sheep. ' ■■-, : • ....
,vlx)mpoc— 7 cs cheese. 103 bxs butter, -71 bxs 3
sks dried prunes, 179 sks mustard, 5 ke?s spines,
1 cs dry goods, 8 bills hides and pells, 782 aku bitu
minous earth, 162 bogs.
Comiine 1 ".
Per Corona— C Carpy <fc Co: Gould & Jaudin: E O
Lyons; Hills Bros; ' Eveleth* Nash: Deere Imo
Co: W *" Mitchell: A Galli Fruit Co Dalton Bros:
Levl Spiegel Co: Wood. Curtis it Co: Michel A
Co; Gray &Barbieri; Campodonlco & Malcolm 1?
Cavasnaro; D E Allison Co: D Biagi <& Co: A 3
Berger: Newmark & Edwards; L Scatena & Co; T
.r Ueilley: J X Armsby& Co; :E R Stevens & Co;
Wellman, Peck <fe Co; Hiilse, Bradford & Co; M F
Cabrai; J Ivancovich & Co; Wheaton, Breon <fe Co:
Getzßros it Co; Dairymen's Union; U'nitaker A
Key: Brigham, HoppeA Co: Norton. Teller A Co;
Dodge, Sweeney & Co: M X Freltas & Co; H llnd
dleson: Kowalsky & Co; C E Whltnev A Co: \V T
Jackson; II N Tilden & Co : Martin, Fensier & Co:
Illlmer, BredhoiT & Schulz; De Bernard! A Co; it
C Treat; JP Thomas; Marshall, Teggart A Co; J
Taylor: Bissinger A Co: J II Cain A Co: Milwau
kee Brewery; Wltzel A Baker: Ross A Hewlett; G
R Starr A Co; J Erlanger * Co: s Levy A Co; If.
O Oreenhood; H HeckmanACo: W C Price A Co:
L D Stone A Co; Western Meat CO: J R Aitken: F
H Ames A Co; American Union Fish Co: Ryan A
Mack: W E JacKson; Nash A Boesenecker; Lach
man A Jacol)i: J Gundlach A Co; Immel A Co; J
A Jlobellngs bons A Co: Pacific Transfer Co: Cal
Rattan Co; F H Ames A Co: Cudahy Packing Co;
D J Edgar; N Fouks: W H Stone* AmerType
Foundry: Rosenthal, Feder A Co; Eldorado Oil
Works: Claybrough, Golcher A Co; C E Hooper;
Brown A Adams; Cal Wine Assn; Crown Distil
lery Co; Eisen Vineyard; Berger A Domennincl;
J Stutz A Co; Fredericksburg Brewery: Philadel
phia Brewery; Goldstein A Co: W W Hopkins; »
Koshland A Co: S Strauss: Wlllard Bros; Laoor
Exchange; FBHalt:lit; II Klrcbinann A Co: Ceo
C Perkins: B O Ruhl A Co; Heiily. Walton A Co;
Pac Paving Co; A Etna Fish Market.
Per Pomona— Brigham. Hoppe A Co: Hills Broi;
C E Whitney A Co: Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Pacific
C Mill Co: " Norton. Teller A Co; GelzßrosACo;
OB Smith A Co: Ross A Hewlett; FB flufght: A
Crocker A Bros; Wltzel A Baker: W V Mitchell;
Wheaton, Brton A Co: A C Nichols A Co: G Miller;
Felling, Cressy A Co: Wells, Fargo A Co; McKay
A Co: Wolf A. -(in: Humboldl Mineral Water Co;
J X Hanify A Co; Scott A Van Arsdale; White
Bros: J Belshaw.
Per Bonita— Dodge. Sweeney <fc Co: J P Thomas;
South San Francisco Parking and Provision Co;
C X Whitney A Co; Wheaton, Breon <fc Co; Uiant
Powder Co: Brieham, Hopjie <fc Co; 0 Carpy & Co;
Hunicr, Brednoft <te Hchulz: Miller, Sloss it -
(ioodall. Perkins &. Co; Stajidard Oil Co; Benne.t <ft
Murray: Wir:->nd Brewing Co; Blssinger dfc Co: A
Pallies; Smith's Cash Store: Santa Cruz Island Co;
Western Meat Co; Roth. Blum <fc Co; Crystal ->niia
Water Co; Shea, Bocqueraz «tCo; Heller, Bach
man <t Co: National Brewtry.
:.•;/ OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
, TO ■
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
PUGET SOUND.
IT'lz-et Class 03.00
Second Class ■■■3&5-OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINs'a CO..
' ■_ Ueneral Agents.
O. H. c&3 IN".
ASTORIA AILPORTLANR
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails April 18 and 23
Btate of California sails April 23 anil May 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it.
600DALL, PERKINS A CO.. Genl. Snpts.
F. F. CONK OR, General A^ent,
. 630 Market streat.
'■
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAII
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A3.
Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as -^X/O^ff
follows: w ~
For Mary Island, Lorlnir.' Wrangel. Janean. KIU
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at » a. m., April 14
29, May 1 1.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Por: Town,
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortos and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. K.
April 4, 9. 14, 19, 24. 29. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver win
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. fl-
at Seattle with G. N. lly., at Port Townsend wlta
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landin? (Ham-
boldt Bay) gtr. Pomona. 2 p. * April 3. 7. 11
15. 19. 23. 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*
Port Harford (San Lots Obispo), Gaviota. Sanu
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. April
1. 5.9. 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every fourth da»
thereafter. ...
For San Dlesro, stopping only at Port HarforJ
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. m.. April 3.-7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27. and
•very fourth day thereafter.
For Knseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Pax. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), sir. Orizaba,
10 a. it.. April 5.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, E-^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Mpß ' by
AUSTRALIA. \J? S S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, lues.
April 28, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
. S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, April 30l
at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Aust., and CAPETOWN,
a Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., A^ts..
114 Montgomery at.
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. I
COIPAGIIE GENERAL TRAISATL ASTIQDE
French Lin*? to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH ja^fft
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ff**KJiJ
this line avoid both transit oy English railway
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yorit to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parts,
first-cinss $1 60: spcond-clnss. $116. .- - • t
LA BOURGOGNK, CapU Leboeaf.......
April 25, 9a. x
LA NORMaNDIE, Capt. Deloncle.,
- '.....May 2. 4 a. U.
• LA GASCOGNE..Capt. Baudelon
..: -vlay <>, 8:00 a. H
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe
• " '--a - 16, 4 a.*
JITS'* For further particulars apply to
„ _„ A. FORGET, Agent,
t v *tt« F& l Bo ,^ llni -' «™-a. New York.
J enue,lan G #r Z a n cf aC o.°- ABent3 ' 5 M™*°«>*V
SETHERLASDS AMERICAS STEAM lift
GATIOS GMMII.
New York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
9 a. m.
Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin »45 and
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowes; steerage rates to all points.
.r« Or x. pa saße apply to local ticket agent or
gggtfi c agaf su N s: ileC<Mt pa " eos< "
PITE_STAR LOB.
United States and Royal Hall . Steamers
BETWEEN'
New York, Queen^town & Liverpool,
SAILING EVEKI AVJiKK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- j^rm
ing to steamer and nccorutnodations mu£Qt
select* 1; second cabin, $35 and *40; Maj ■*. c »ua
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway «nd Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY. Pacific Mall Dock, or at to*
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street.
under Grand Hotel. <.. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALt, /M*.
fortnightly for the West Indies and <£«£9
Southampton, calling en ■ route at cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.'
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
pacific Mail 8. 8. Co., issued for freight »nd treaa>
■re to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 919*5: thiri
Mam, «97 MX For further particulars apply to
, , PARROTT * CO., Agents.
- 306 California U.
— — .
VALLEJO, MARE ISLWD, *BEMCIA, PORT
vOSTAANbCRorKFTT
STK. MONTICKLLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday-10 30 a. m.
•4 P. M. only. "* "■
Landing,' Miggloq 1. Pier 3.
. STOCKTON STEADIES
t&" Accommodations Reserved by Ttlephona.
i SXUMEK : .
T. C. Walker. ' .J. 1> Pet«m
Mary Garratt. City of Stockto..
Telenhona M»ln Anil r.i kj.»..^t . #■._SLOAT WAS A
MAN OF HONOR
Senator Perkins Defends the
Hero of the Mexican
War.
REPLIES TO EDWARDS.
The Soldier Who Took Posses
sion of California Has a
Clean Record.
EVIDENCE AT WASHINGTON.
It Is Now Certain That the Jubilee
Celebration at Monterey Will
Take Place.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Gall,
908 Broadway, April 20.
Major E. A. Saerman, secretary of tbe
Sloat Monument Association, has re
ceived a letter from Senator Perkins in
which he fully exonerates Commodore
Sloat from all the imputations tha£ have
been poured on his character.
'The Bloat Monument Association of
California is composed in the main of
veterans ol the Mexican war who desire to
commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of
the taking possession of California by the
raisin; of the American flag at Monterey
on July 7, 1846, by Commodore John D.
Sloat of the United States navy in pursu
ance of orders of the Secretary of the
Navy, which were faithfully carried out
both in spirit and to the letter," said
Major Sherman to-day.
"We anticipated no opposition to the
appropriation asked from Congress to
mark this historic event, which formed a
part of that brilliant series of victories of
the American arms of 1846-37 and which,
by the treaty of Guada'upe Hidalgo, added
an empire in territory to our national
domain. But it seems that one George
Edwards, whom Ido not know, nor care
to know, is opposing the measure and
persists in trying to defame the name of
Commodore Sloat, whose honorable and
brilliant record is without stain or tarnish
in ihe wars of 1812-14 and IH4U-47.
"Commodore Sloat made his plans, keDt
his own counsel and arrived July 2 and
carried out his orders. He held no council
of war with Mr. Edwards or any one else.
rie performed his duties faithfully and re
ceived due praise and merited '.hanks from
the Secretary of the Navy and the record
is carefully preserved. Senator Perkins
tells me that he has received another let
ter from Edwards and incloses a copy of
his (Senator Perkins') reply. It is a com
plete and official exoneration of Commo
dore Sloat's fame. Here it is" :
March 30, 1896.
Gco'ge F.duards Esq., 25.50 Duightuay, Berke
hy, Gat— MT I'kar .-ir: Your letter inclosing
one from Henry L. Oak. relating to Commo
dore Sloat wes received to-day.
l mim confess that I am at a loss to under
stand the opposition, which seems to come
from one quarter alone, to the proposed monu
men t at Monterey. The statue is to commem
orate a great event which even Bancroft's his
tory cannot question— the act of taking posses
: a Yii>t u-rritory in the name oi the
Doited s;ates. In which the critics now live. I
am glad to >ay, however, that only one or two
voices have been raised against the plan.which
1 hope will be carried through, and the statue
erected without due delay.
Although tr.e previous conduct of Commo
dore 8!oat ha ? no b uring upon the fact that
the United States took possession of California
on a given date, which action is to be com
memorated, it may be well to again point out
thai there aie among the records of the Navy
Department no documents reflecting upon
that officer in connection with this matter. In
fact the report of the Secretary of the Navy
Decembers, 184G, fays of the manner in which
Sloat carried out his instructions that he "ob
■erred the line of conduct prescribed to him
With such intelligence and fidelity that no
complaint has ever been made of any unau
thorized aggression on his part," and further
on, alter having availed hiruseif of -'a permis
sion which had been given him, in his discre
tion, to assign the command to Commodore
Stockton • • • this gallant and meritori
ous officer arrived at the sent of government."
I'niess the report of the Secretary o; the
Navy, w which I refer, and of which I have a
copy, printed in 1849, is considered to be a
total perversion of truth, it must be acknowl
edged that the action of Commodore Sloat
ehcitdH the praise of the United States Govern
ment. The report also shows that he was not
relieved ol his command for failing health or
for "other reasons," which latter I submit,
even if they existed, it is not the historian's
province to assume to mean "vacillation
amounting practically to disobedience ot or
ders." In fact, it seems tome that there has
been, in the preparation of that part of the
Bancroft history in question, too much as-
Eumption. 1 will submit that -'the Delief of
most at that time" is not equivalent to a fact,
and that if Commodore Sloat declined to take
action in the face of such orders as he had re
ceived until he had authentic news of the
commencement of hostilities, ne showed him
self eminently worthy of the praise which was
given him by the Secretary of the Navy and
worthy of the monument which is to be erect
ed at Monterey.
It may be of interest to the writer of the ar
ticle in the Bancroft history to learn that the
most diligent search by Lie"utenant Young in
tne archives of the Navy Department has failed
to bring forth any document or reference
which detracts from Commodore Sloat's repu
tation as n faithful officer.
I would refer you to the official reports, cor
respondence and data indorsing Commodore
Sloat, to be found in House executive docu
ments, second session Twenty-ninth Congress,
volume 1, document 4, pages*373 and 379 and
pages to 675 inclusive ; also to House executive
documents, second session. Thirtieth Congress,
volume 1, executive document No. 1. com
mencing on page 1005. Yours very truly,
George C. Perkins.
Cut Off in Youth.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— Miss Fran
ces Burk died in San Francisco Friday,
April 17, at the Waldeck Sanitarium, of
malignant jaundice. She was a native
and resident of • Chico, but was visiting
friends in this city when her death
occurred. She was 21 years 4 months old
and was a graduate of the Snell Seminary
in class of '94. She had many friends
here. The remains were taken to Chico
Saturday night for burial. The deceased
was the daughter of Isaac and Cora Burk.
At the Hacdonoagh.,
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— Peter F.
Dailey in his great laughing success, "The
Night Clerk," conies to the Macdonough
next Monday and Tuesday evenings.
The engagement of Rivarde.withagrand
orchestra, next Wednesday will be a
notable musical event.
; "Captain Impu'.euce" and "Friends"
are booked for April 30 and May 1.
Green* Large Kgtate.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— ap
praisers have returned the value of the late
!£IiV P^ ViS ft John Glen's estate at
*° 1 }jU i, rhe stallion Directum is valued
at $5000, but is now near Lexington. Ky.
A part of the estate consists of 16 000
acres in Sonora, Mexico. The rest of the
estate is realty ana livestock in Pleasanton
Hay wara s, Oakland and several other
plates in the State.
Schoolboy Missing.
OAKLAND. Cal., , April 21.— Victor !
Hugo Duky, a 15-year-old boy residing at
413 Ninth street, has been reported miss
ing at the police station. He started to
school yesterday as usual but never reached
there, and it is believed he has started out
to see the world, but that he will soon be
ready to return home.
Globe Iron Works.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21. -The Globe
Iron Works (limited) has been incorpor
ated to manufacture machinery, build and
repair ships and do ail things necessary
therewith. The capital stoct is placed at
$30,000, of which there is subscribed $2660
as follows: William D. Logan, $750; John
P. Liphtbody, $750; James W. Woods,
$300; Daniel McTaggart, $300; Percy R.
Stuart, $300; Daniel Stuart, $10; Gideon P.
Lorey, $250.
Her Monthly Allowance.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 21.— The appli
cation of Lady Leliah Yarde-Buller for a
monthly allowance from her father's
estate has been continuea for six weeks,
t >s practically conceded that the allow
ance of $333 a month would be allowed on
condition ot' her signing a certain stipula
tion. It is understood the conditions are
similar to those under which the allow
ances were made before she went to Eng
land. ft
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY.
A Brief Review of Current Kvents of
Alameda County.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call, >
908 Broadway, April 21. I
The trustees of the Higgina Methodist Church
have applied for permission to raise .SI2OO by a
mortgage on real estate on Prospect Hill,
Brooklyn Township.
The pospel services under the leadership of
Rev. Alexander Patterson in the Brooklyn
Presbyterian church are increasing in interest
daily.
G. N. Griggs has been permitted to change
his name to William Hartman. The latter is
the name of a family with which he has re
sided since a child.
The Coroner's jury in the CRse of Frank S.
Kobele, who was found dead in a cell at the
county jail, where he was being confined to
await examination as to his sanity, returned n
verdict to the effect that death was due to
chronic alcoholism.
The indications are that there will be a large
delinquent city tax list this year. The second
installment is being paid in slowly. Only a
week remains before the unpaid bills will be
declared delinquent and $05,000 is unpaid.
Thomas Mem of Johannesburg, South Africa,
who was recently arrested by the Boers during
the Transvaal trouble, will leave for tne Pacific
Coast next month. Mr. Mem will be in Oak
land the latter part of June.
The case of Hammond vs. the Trustees of the
City of San Leandro to enjoin them from
erecting an electri.'-light plant has been closed
so far as argument in the matter is concerned
and the plaintiff has been given five and the
defendant two days in which to file briefs.
In the suit of Walsh against the Oakland
Water Company tor an injunction and dam
ages alleged to be due to the percolation of
water from defendant's reservoir on Linda
Vista over plaintiff's property, the demurrer
has been overruled and the hearing upon the
application continued until next Monday.
The suit of the Spring Valley Water Works
against John L. Beard to adjust water rights
on Alameda Creek has been continued to
Tuesday, May 10, owing to the absence of
Judge Ellsworth by reason of his broken arm.
The defendant claims about $80,000 for the
riparian right which the plaintiffs seek to ac
quire.
KRUTTSCHNITT'S OFFER
The Railway Manager Talks to
the West Oakland Improve
ment Club.
He Declares That His Company Will
Fill Its Own Share of the
Marsh.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 21. j
The citizens of Oakland had the pleasure
this evening of meeting and hearing the
general manager of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, Julius Kruttschnitt.
it is the first time in the history of the
city that an official of that rank has ever
visited here and met the people to discuss
matters that are of vital interest to both
parties. The meeting of the West Oakland
Improvement Club was largely attended
by residents of the territory west of
Market street, all of whom were anxious
to meet Kruttschnitt and hear what he
might have to say regarding the proposed
improvements of the low 'and* between
the railroad and Pine street.
Kruttschnitt came over to Oakland
about 5 o'clock with C. B. Covelher, with
whom he took dinner. They went to the
hall early, and the time was spent by Mr.
Kruttshnitt is making himself personally
acquainted with the citizens as they ar
rived, rie seemed to be t>erfect ly at home,
nover waiting to be introduced. He occu
pied a seat in the audience during the
op°ningof the meeting.
When the preliminary business had been
disposed of President Stark invited the
guest of tne evening to a seat beside him
during the speaking. The invitation was
accepted, and as he took his seat he was
presented to the audience, which greeted
him with applause.
President Mott of the City Council was
requested by President Stark to address
the ciub. Mott said there had been nu
merous conferences of the Council, Board
of Health and Mayor regarding the condi
tion of that section.
"As io the owners-hip of land," he con
cluded, "I have not been able to discover
who they are. Shouid the city win its
case against the railroad for the water
front then the city would naturally claim
that section. Some parts of the land have
never had any taxes paid on them for
years."
Stark requested Kruttschnitt to give an
opinion on the subject.
Krnttschnitt said his attention had been
called to this subject early last week, and
from a map in the railroad offices the
Southern Pacific owned one-third, and if
this was so he would say that it would do
its share toward abating the nuisance.
If it owned one-third it would pay one
third of the cost of filling it; if half then
it would pay half the cost, and if it owned
all of it then they would pay the whole
cost, as it should be tilled at once.
•'I find from this map." said he, "that
the ownership of this land is rather in
doubt, and I would suggest that the first
thing to be done would be for all interested
to get together and find out who the
owners of each tract are, and then it will
be only a question of a short time until it
could be filled. I fina from a reference to
this map that fully one-third of the land
has no owners marked to it. By all means
the land should be filled in at once."
John P. Irish said the small plat under
discussion should be filled in at once, but
it was only a taste of what was north of
Sixteenth street and west of Adeline.
Even the electric-car companies had to
change their men frequently to avoid
sickness, but residents who have homes in
the vicinity have to remain and endure it.
"The city should get to work at once,"
said he, "and reclaim all of this West
Oakland marsh and transform it into a
beautiful park and make it a most fine
entrance into the city. In Southern
California the cities have beautiful sta
tions on all their roads, and they are sur
rounded by parks that' attracted the atten
tion of all who passed along on the trains.
I would like to have Mr. Kruttschnitt say
whether or not the railroad would con
struct a suitable building on condition the
citizens made the surrounding property
into a park."
The chair called upon Mr. Covellier for
his opinion on the marsh question.
"I am of the opinion," said he, "that
Colouel Irish's question to Mr. Krutt
schnitt was out of place, as that gentle
man, no doubt, had not come prepared to
answer sucii a question. The right thing
is for the city, which created the nuisance,
to get to work and abate it, and then we
can go to the railroad and ask it what
it will do for us. I believe that the
railroad should be given credit for what
it does. I find it is like other people,
and if it does right it should be acknowl
edged, but if it does wrong, then it
should be denounced. I am willing to go
on record with such a statement."
Mount Whitney is the highest peak in
California, 14,898 feet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
PURSUED BY CRUEL FATE
The Child of Majors Breaks
Stones, While Wilmore
Learns a Trade.
FORTUNES OF BOY BURGLARS.
The Curse of the Gallows Still Seems
to Hang Over Young Ab3 Majors
and His Mother.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 21. f
Mrs. Ella Wilrnore, the mother of Bert
Wilmore, the boy burglar, is strangely for
tunate when compared with the circum
stances that surround Mrs. Wagner, the
mother of young Wilmore's partner in
crime.
While in the City Prison Abe Majors said
that when he heard of the fate of his father
he felt that there was no use in his strug
gling against the reputation that had been
left him. He declared that the shadow
of the gallows was across his path and he
could not get from beneath it. In his
youthful way he was a pronounced fatalist.
After the commitment of the boys, it
K*VQ. JOHSSON. HEyNESSEY.
WHEELER. WORDEN. n*J>*JiQ.J!.r,
McLaren. hoag. . PROCTOR. elston.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BASEBALL NINE.
was rumored that their stay in the peni
tentiary would only be a matter of two
months before the Prison Commissioners
would transfer the lads to the Preston or
Whittier Keform School.
It was also regarded as certain that the
boys would not be placed with old crimi
nals. and it was with gratification that the
Oa kland people learned that they had
been made library messengers, which
proves to have been a mistake.
With sinking heart Mrs. Warner learns
that her son is working in th£ quarry,
though the boy writes in an affectionate
letter to his mother that he is kindly
treated and the work is rot hard.
On the other hand, Mrs. Wilmore is re
joicing over the news received this week
that Bert is working in the electric works
of the prison and is learning a profitable
trade.
Mrs. Wilmore has movea into a com
fortable cottage on Twelfth street, between
Center and Kirkham, and is supplied by
sympathizing people with all the sewing
she can do. Mrs. Wagner is in the most
needy circumstances, is willing to work as
far as her strength will permit, but cannot
get anything to do by which she can earn
an honest living for herself and little ones.
With two bright little boys, whose father,
J. A. Wagner, fails to provide for, she is
left to get along the best way she can.
The only person who would willingly
support her and the helpless little ones is
Adc Majors, her unfortunate boy, who,
two winters ago went without flannels,
that his little half-brotners might be clad,
showing more love and sacrifice than their
own father.
THE SUNDAY-SCHOOLS.
Programme for the Annual Convention
in East Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— The sixth
annual convention of the Alameda County
Sunday-school Union will be held in the
Twenty-third Avenue Baptist Church Sat
urday, beginning at 9:45 and continuing
throughout the day.
The programme is as follows:
9:4*> o'clock, prayer and praise, conducted
by Rev. Robert Whitaker, pastor Twenty
third Avenue Baptist Church; 10:15, business;
10:30, address, "The Dependence of the
Teacher Upon the Holy bpirit as a Teacher "
Rev. John Reid, D.D., Llverinore; 11, "What
Our Neighbors Are Doing," Rev. VGA
Tressler, president San Jose City 8. S. Union:
Rev. M. P. Boynton, San Francisco; San Mateo
county S. s. Union; 11:45, normal class Bible
reading on the life of Christ, Rev. D. P. Ward;
12:15, basket lunch.
I:ls— Song service. I:3o— Address, "What
Shall the Harvest Be?" John L. Speares, Oak
land, State secretary of the Y. M. C. A. 2—Ad
dress. "Perplexities of the Teacher and How to
Meet Them," Rev. 8. J. Carroll, D.D., pastor of
Eighth-avenue M. E. Church, Oakland. 2:30—
Business, reports of officers, report of nomi
nating committee, election of officers, miscel
laneous, offertory. 3— "Outlook on the Field,"
Rev. L. L. Wirt, Oakland; some successful
Sunday-schools, three-minute reports. 3:45—
Report of .State convention, Rev. M. P. Boyn
ton, San FranciECo. 4:lo— Address, "Highest
Consecration Necessary for Genuine bunday
school Work," Rev. S. M. Freeland, D.D., pustor
of First Congregational Church, Oakland; con
secration service, Rev. F. H. Maar, Niles.
Seriously Burned.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— The at
tempt of William McClenegan to fill a
lighted lamp this morning about 1 o'clock
resulted in his being seriously burned
about the hands and face. He was in the
cellar at the time, and in rushing out to
get the garden-hose to extinguish the
blaze the raw skin on his hands was torn
off, making his injuries very painful. The
lire was extinguished before it had done
any damage.
Charges Undue Influence.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— The amend
ed complaint of Nellie Leavitt Code, who is
contesting the will of her father, William
B. Swain, charges her stepmother with
using fraudulent means to have herself
named as executor of the will, at which
time the testator was of nnsound mind.
She say 3, further, that she was 15 at the
time of her father's marriage to Ray
Lioyd Swain, and he was worth $150,000.
She then says:
"Shortly after the marriage Mrs. Swain
conceived and concocted in her mind the
cruel, willful and fraudulent scheme to
estrange this contestant from her father
and drive her away for the purpose of pre
venting her from acquiring control of any
of the property."
The Daughter's Claim.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— A claim
has been presented by Deborah O. Pouison,
a daughter of the late Count Peter Poui
son, by her guardian ad libem, Ben P.
Woolner, to one- sixth interest in the prem
ises, known as "PeterhofF Castle," with
some four acres of the Bond tract sur
rounding the same.
MORE GOLD BRICKS.
The Grand Jury Investigating Banker
Little's Large Invest
ment.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— Deputy
Sheriff H. S. Smith was a visitor to Dixon
yesterday, where he dug up the two prold
bricks for which Banker Little paid $7500,
which had been buried at the instructions
of the banker under six feet of earth at the
bottom of an old weli.
Accompanying him were Banker Ste
phen Little, Cashier Rice and a jeweler
named Gus Schultz, whom he had sub
penacd as witnesses for the Grand Jury in
connection with the Hoot and Gordon
case. The three were before the Grand
Jury during the afternoon, but that body
adjourned until to-morrow without taking
any action.
OAKLAND BOARD OF TRADE
Merchants Enthusiastic Over
the ' Proposed Organiza
tion.
Nominating Committee Appointed and
a Lively Election Is Looked
For.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,]
908 Broadway, April 21. j
Nearly 100 merchants of this city met at
Military Hall to-night and reorganized the
Oakland Board of Trade.
M. J. Keller, president of the old board,
outlined the purposes for which the reor
ganization had been determined upon. He
referred to the boards of trade of Los An
geles and San Francisco, and stated that
there was no reason why a similar success
ful organization should not be effected
here. He stated that it was a disgrace
that in a city the size of Oakland there
should not be a commercial exhibit.
Craigie Sharpe, who nas been mainly in
strumental in reviving the board, said
that even the town of Fresno had some
thing to show visitors, while Oakland had
nothing. "We are dead in this town,"
said Mr. Sharpe, "and we need to be woke
up. We are on the eve of an era of prog
ress.
"The biggest surprise in commercial cir
cles in this city was the exposition of last
December. Whan the idea was started
everybody doubted the feasibility of it,
but the projectors went ahead. And
what did we see? One week did not sat
isfy the people, and when we were forced
to close the doors we had a very hand
some surplus on hand. We do not want
to lose the benefit of that example, but we
want to extend it to Alaiueda, Berkeley
and every town in this county. We have
our own matchless water front, and our
future is in your hands."
H. M. Van Arnian referred to the differ
ence between Los Angeles and Oakland,
and said that this city suffers because of
the preference shown by Easterners for
the Southern city. This was due to the
manner in which Los Angeles boomed
itself.
Colonel J. L. Lyons said that with a
sufficiently powerful organization they
could compel the Board of Supervisors to
carry out necessary improvements.
"For fifteen years," he said, "we have
been trying to get a road into Contra
Costa County. We have not got a road
yet, and by this time we should nave an
electric line over the hills and should be
using it and deriving great benefit from it.
But we must have a powerful united or
ganization. We have lots of time now
business is dull. What we want is money
and that we can only get by enthusiastic
work. We have got to do it for self-pres
ervation and there is no alternative.
H. C. Capwell said it was very evident
that the merchants were in earnest and
suggested that a nominating committee of
seven be appointed to canvass among the
members and pick out men of grit and
ability and will for directors. Edson
Adams seconded the motion and it was
carried.
The chairman appointed H. C. Capwell,
Edson F. Adams, J. F. Towle, G. E. Fair
child, E. W. Martin, M. J. Laymance, H.
Hogan.
A lively discussion ensued as to instruct
ing the nominating committee, but it
failed, and it was very evident that there
will be a lively election next Tuesday
evening.
INTERCOLLEGIATE BALL
Berkeley and Stanford Will
Meet on the Diamond
This Afternoon.
ODDS IN FAVOR OF BERKELEY.
Entries f.r the Annual College Field
Day— ln terf sting Town News
Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 21.-The first
of the series of three intercollegiate base
ball matches for the season of 1896 will take
place to-morrow afternoon on the Berkeley
; diamond, beginning at 2:30 o'clock. For
j five successive years Stanford has held
i supremacy over the University of Califor-
I nia in the batter's sport, but the prospects
! for Berkeley's scoring a victory in the
! match to-morrow are extremely favorable.
Captain Johnson expresses confidence that
the "hoodoo" will be removed and that
the blue and gold will flutter in the breeze
at the close of the nine innings rather than
trail on the ground, "it will only be a
question of whether we can hit McLaine,"
i said he this afternoon, "for then I should
feel very certain of a victory. McLaine'3
curves and hard drives are most too mnch
j for the ordinary batter, but if we can hit
j them we shall be all right. Our infield
I and outfield are much stronger than last
I year, and the Stanford men themselves
acknowledge it to be such. Our battery is
very good also.
"Worden puts a good deal of science
into his pitching, he throws with his
whole body and is very accurate. Wheeler
takes the balls well and can nearly always
be counted on. With all their points of
vantage we anticipate a hard fight. Stan
ford certainly has been playing fast ball
this season, but their work has not shown
up as well this season as formerly and the
work of our men has been much on the
improve."
The men who will represent Berkeley to-
I morrow have been selected from thirty
! five candidates, who have been practicing
lor the various positions since the latter
part of February. They have been in
I steady training under the direction of
| Captain Johnson and Coach Cohen of the
University Club. To the faithful work of
the coach is accredited much of the suc
cess which seenis to await the U. C. team.
A souvenir programme ol more than
ordinary artistic excellence has been pro
vided for the occasion. The new bleach
ers on the north and east sides of the dia
mond will accommodate at least 1000
guests. Following will be the players and
their positions:
Worden, pitcher: Wheeler, catcher-
Hennessey, first base; Elston, second
base; Krug, third base; McLaren, Bhort
stop; Hoag, right field ; Proctor, center
field; Johnson, left field.
Substitutes— Hall, Gooding, Kaarsburg
and Bachelder.
Intercollegiate Field Day Entries.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 21.— The entry
list for the annual intercollegiate field day,
which takes place next Saturday afternoon
at the Olympic Club grounds, closed last
night, with fifty-eight signatures. Berke
ley has seven more entries than Stanford,
principally distributed in the running
broad jump, the middle distances and the
weights. From the way the Stanford men
have been showing up in recent field days
and try-outs it is generally conceded
among the Berkeley athletes that the
score in favor of the blue and gold will not
be as large by several points this year as
last. Victory is expected by the" U. C.
men, but not so complete a one as has
characterized every former field day
against Stanford. The chief weakness of
the California men seems to be in the
sprints and middle distances, though these
events have been much stiengthened since
the opening of the season.
Following is the complete entry list:
100-yard dash, first heat— Dickie, Koch, Cali
fornia; Brunto, Holbrook, Stanford.
Second heat— Chick, Hupp, Thompson, Cali
fornia; Bernard, Toombs, Stanford.
220-yard dash, first heat— Thompson, Koch,
Dickie, California; Brunton, Toombs, Stan
ford.
Second heat— Chick, Hupp, California; Col
lier, Bernard, Stanford.
1220-yard hurdle, first heat— Torrey, Califor
nia; Dole, Stanford.
Second heat — Chestnut, Mclntosh, Califor
nia; Reynolds, Stanford.
Mile bicycle, first heat— Crafts, Roos, Everett,
California; Anfenger, Roper, Stanford.
Second heat— Lemmon. California; Fraser,
Cushing, Seyboldt, Stanford.
440- yard dash— Morse, Jones.Magee. Stevens,
Hi) born, California; Brunton, Collier, Toombs,
Stanford.
880-yard run— Carroll. Brown, Reeve, Glsh,
Koch, California; Brunton, Smith, Walker,
Holley, Stanford.
Mile run— Jackson, Reeve. Stedman, Califor
nia; Brown, Smith, Williams, Stauford.
120-yara hurdle race— Torrey, Bakewell,
California; Reynolds, Dole, Stanford.
Mile walk— Captain Merwin. Holton, Califor
nia; Jack, Wilkinson, Stanford.
Sixteen-pound shot put — Kdgren, Lloyd,
Koch, Caliiornia; Wilbur, Fickert, Fisher,
Stanford.
Sixteen-pound hammer throw— Edgren.Dorn,
Carver, Hooper, California; Hazzard, Wilbur,
Fickert. Stanford.
Pola vault— Lloyd, Mumma, California; Dole,
Brunton. Stanford.
Running broad jump— Dresser, Koch. Hil
born, Thompson, Dorn, Torrey, California;
Toombs, lirunton, Johnson, Stanford.
High jump— Miller, Koch, Bake well, Califor
nia; Toombs, Dole, Reynolds, Stanford.
For the past two days several of the men
who are entered in the track events have
gone o?er to the Olympic grounds in San
Francisco to train, so as to become some
what familiar with the condition of the
track before Saturday'B games.
STANFORD'S HOPE.
Position of the Members of th« Palo
Alto Team— Track Events.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.,
April 21.— The Stanford baseball team wili
to-morrow try its fortune with Berkeley on
the diamond of the University of Califor
nia. Two or three of the Palo Alto men
are under the weather and expect a close
game, if not a defeat. Following will be
the position of the men: Pitcher, Mc-
Lame (captain); catcher, Jeffs; first base,
Young; second base, Harris; third
base, Sharp; shortstop, Taylor; leftfield,
Stansbury; centerfield, Freeman; right
tield, Thompson. Wight and Stroker wili
accompany the team as substitutes.
Track men are elated at the showing
Toombs and Colliver are making in the
220-yard dash. The former is specially
strong at the finish and will certainly push
his man hard in the coming field day.
With his speed Toombs combines great en
durance, and his work at the 220 has sur
prised his friends. Colliver is another
man whose real ability has not been fully
appreciated. His powers as a finisher in
the 220 may give him a place in the 220
unless the Berkeley runners are better
than they show from their records.
Dole, whose work had been very good
until this week, is now bothered with his
heel, which has been bruised in some
way. His performances have been
mediocre of late, and Torrey of Berkeley
will undoubtedly have an easy time in his
hurdles with Dole.
The other men are doing fairly well and
should give a good account of themselves
next Saturday.
An Elevated Railway.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 21.— Captain
R. P. Thomas is again to the front with
his elevated railroad scheme, and has
asked for a franchise to construct a por
tion of the proposed road.
About six months ago Captain Thomas
laid before the Board of Trustees plans for
an elevated railroad from Goat Island to
the West Berkeley water front and from
thence to the foothills at East Berkeley.
The matter was then referred to a commit
tee of the board, which investigated the
scheme and reported that the inventor's
project was a practicable one, but as Cap
tain Thomas had not made a definite ap
plication for a franchise no action was
taken.
Now the captain says he has secured full
patents on his invention and desires to
demonstrate the feasibility of his plans by
building a portion of the road. If given
permission by the Town Trustees he will
build from Shattuck avenue to Vine street,
east along Vine street to the end thereof,
a distance of about half a mile.
Captain Thomas has a working model
of his projected road in his office
at West Berkeley. The cars are
suspended by wheels from a cable; each
car has two wheels, ore at each end
and hanging by these, the cars are pro
pelled by electric power, or if such power
is inadequate for the heavy grades of the
foothills, the inventor says his plans can
be modified to allow the Use of a cable.
The Trustees referred the application for
a franchise to the Street Committee of the
board to be reported upon at the next
meeting, a week from next Monday.
Town Trustees' Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 21.— The reg
ular bi-weekly meeting of the Town Trust
ees was held last night. The principal
business was the regular routine work of
the committees.
It was announced by Attorney Hayne
that Mr. Heywood, who has promised to
deed to the town a lot for wharf purposes
at West Berkeley, demanded as a condi
tion of the gift that the town guarantee to
maintain a wharf.
Street Superintendent Chick, who was
instructed at a former meeting to prepare
resolutions for the opening of Sixth street
along its entire length, asked for informa
tion with regard to titles to land to be
used for street purposes, some question as
to ownership having arisen. The matter
was referred to Trustees Hoff and Durrill.
Improving the Grounds.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 21.— The poles
and wires for lighting the university
grounds are being put in place, and the
lights will probably be ready for use in
a few days.
A force of men is at work under the
direction of Captain Kellner, head gar
dener of the agricultural department,
planting grass in "Lovers' lane" and
flowers along the sides of the new "Stu
dents' pathway."
Carpenters' Union.
BERKELEY, Cal.. April 21. — John
Moran has been elected president of the
Berkeley branch of the Carpenters' and
Joiners' Union to succeed R. F. Langlais,
who resigned the position.
For a Year Only.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 21.— Profegsor
Gayley says that in taking up the work of
editing the series of dramatic criticisms as
announced in to-day's Call he will not
sever his connection with the State Univer
sity, but will probably take a year's
leave of absence if the board of regents
see fit to grant his request.
HAD A MOTIVE.
The Unitarian Chnrch Crank Wrote a
Letter to President Jordan
of Stanford.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 21.— The lunatic, I
calling himself Lewis Porter, who created
the excitement in the First Unitarian j
Church Sunday morning, seems to have ■,
more names than one, and his sensational j
act was not due to a sudden iinpupse, but '
had been carefully planned. These facts !
are brought out by a letter which Presi
dent Jordan of Stanford University has
sent to Rev. C. M. Wendte. In transmit
ting the letter he writes:
Dear Mr. Wendte: I inclose a letter which !
will doubtless be of interest In connection with I
what happened yesterday at your church. Al- i
though this letter was dated April 1, it only |
reached me on Saturday evening. Cordially j
y° urs > David S. Jordan.
HOBCOT, Butte Co., Cal., April 1, 1896.
Professor Jordan— My Dear Sib: l am at i
present situated so financially that I can send j
y^LV ii sum of nlone >' you lent me last spring.
I think it was in March and I wish to Day you 1
the interest on the same up lo date, so it" you !
witt be so kind as to state what interest you i
think is just I will send it to you at once. I
don t want to be under obligations any longer
to a man as small as you showed yourself to be.
If you had come to me, professor, in the man- !
per I did to you I woufa of helped you. bin j
then to such a narrow-minded man as you are '
you really did help me, in fact you told me so !
at the ferry in the City when you was about to ;
PaYk 5 ° n y pleasure trj P t0 tne Yellowstone j
I was reading in a paper the other day, when |
you lectured on the "Evolution of the Mind." !
\Yell, professor. I hope yours has evoluted from
that narrow-mindedness you exhibited toward
me \\ hen you gave me that letter to Rev. Mr.
toote you said it may be that he will do some- '
thing lor you. If he don't you can call him a !
gentleman .Now, professor, men that are in
the profession that he is in are not supposed to !
be gentlemen, but I can truthfully say that he '
treated me more like one than you did. He
sent money to me by a detective for the pur- i
pose of going out into the country to look for I
worlc.
The letter on incoherently I
about the Stantford estate decision by the !
Supreme Court, and continues:
You told me at the ferry I had better try
tome other line in getting money. I am going to
professor. I am going to Oakland in a few days'
and I am going to get up in the Ftrst Unitarian
Church in that cut and make a speech I
understand it has the wealthiest congregation !
in the city, and I am not going to stop to talk I
about religion. When 1 fight I fight a reality,
not something that nevar existed. It will be
my maiden Bpeech, professor, and if I knew the
exact date I would be there I would invite you !
to be present. You can rest assured it will be i
a good one.
The letter ends with abusive remarks
Auction Sales
. — , _
FRIM W. BITTERFIEIiI).
THIS DAY.
Wednesday April S3. 1890,
At 11 o'clock a. m., I will sell
The Elegant Parlor Upholstery,
Kino Oak and Walnnt Chamber Furniture, Oat
Folding Beds, Chiffonieres, Wardrobes, Oil Paint-
ines, Mirrors, Carpets, etc., contained in 40 rooms
of that fashionable French Private Boarding-house
known as
"THE VERSAILLES,"
611 TAYLOR ST., NEAR SUTTER.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELP, Auctioneer,
■ 19 Montgomery street.
about the "sniveling curs" that "prayed
for Bob Ingersoll's conversion," and is
signed "with due respect,
"Le Roy Pickering."
Silver vs. Gold.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 21.— Professor
Ross of Stanford University will address
the pupils of the High School on the silver
question Thursday morning at 11:30. At
a later date a professor from the State
University will present them with the goM
standard. In this way the pupils expect
to become properly posted on the money
question.
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
H W Shntlen, Lay ton v J Hart. San Jose
Mrs M U Homey, NY C Weat hem-ax. Placerrt
J J Brooks, Tacoraa W S Hleknaan, Georgetn
J lorom. Ilealdsburg F Provls, Aniudor
r \V Wins, lowa s J Stewart. Mass
W A Loeffler, lowa j A Kamilton, Pescadero
J \\ Wills, lowa C W Adamson, Petaluma
Mrs G Fisher, Hnta Cruz W H Allison, Winters
Miss X Bartleit, s Cruz 1* Idiart, Fresno
J A Farmer Jr, Kenwd C Swan.ion, Fresno
X C Pierce, Ontario J D Malony, Oakland
L X Corbln, Ontario I N Stapp. Stockton
X Pern n. Fresno P Doran, Delano
II Waldesford, Eureka J B Overton, Nev
Lizzie Whalen. Ple»sntn Mrs J Armstrong, Clover-
MasgieWlialen.Pleasntn dale
W J Hnow, Ft Braicg R E Sargent, Stoctcton
A P Oviirton, .Sia Kosa T Tout, w <fc son, Salinas
J C Steele, Pescadero J Harris, Millvlllo
aII steele, Pescadero F M simpaon, Portland
F B Seymour, Pttaluma L Kailnals, Stockton
J McFmlyorj, Dixon W Case, San Jose
W V -Morris, lit. Mister J L Johnson, Ukiata
Mrs flenderson, Ala V Royle, Nevada City
J ftooinson, Stockton F \V Farnsworth, Co'lusa
Mrs Roberts, Kureka F Dowler, Los Angeles
H E Jones, .-an Jose Al Waddell, Del Monte
W H Williams, 6 Jose E A Frengei, TowlesCity
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs A Nichols, Berkeley Mrs Minturn, X V
C Aull <ft w. 1-olsom E \V J-'purr. Chicago
V Fiero, Philadelphia F B Sesionich, N V
W H Rice, ?H Paul C P Bosg, USS
R M Bpenc*, D 8 N R M Powers, San Diego
J N Peyton, Spokane II W Hauler, Chicago
J B Brcathltt, 1 urson B A Watrous, N V
P E Harris, Kansas X FitzKibbong, Chicago
Mn B i- itzaibbons. Cbgo J J holtman, Chicago
Mrs J J Hoffman, Chgo W H McCreeny, Burlgme
F\V Bullock. Chicago N P Chipman, Red Bluff
E Dwight, Boston C A Lardendon, N Orlena
Mrs Levy, Seattle Miss II L Cooltdge, Bosta
J Witt, Hamburg (, H Siem.wn, N V
J F Dennis, Reno Mrs Griflith, N V
Miss Griffith, N V Miss S D Orjfflth, N V
T II Ward, Oakland J Gutraan, N V
J Kudahay, Chicago II M. Jones, N V
P II Duryea, N V Miss B Hayard, N V
B Hayard, N V Miss Stan.y, Mass
R West, Chicago Mrs O X Johnson, Raum
Miss M L.lohnson.RaumH E Deats <fe w, N V
Mrs E T Deats, N V Miss Brundage, Newark
Mrs E A Stevenson, Pa Mrs II P Coweuhoven.Col
Mrs S Barnes, Denver F P ray son, N V
W G Hihbard & w, Chgo Dr Weisert, Chlcaco
1 W Wills, lowa
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss H Schlndler, Sacto L C Schindler, Sacto
J Christoperson, Cal F Mason, Newcastle
H T Smith. Bacramento W II Lang, Cal
Miss M E Allen. Ohio J Carlisle, Cal
W T WeymoiHli.Amadr J T l.omann. Bt Helena
Mrs Hy James, Napa Mrs James, Napa
.X M Loean, Han Jose Frank Ham, San Jose
Miss Mason, Sacto Miss X Mason, Sacto
H J Haioli, Boston Mrs Hatch, Itimtou
Miss Hatch, Boston J W Hiller, S Barbara
C B Humphrey, S Barb Jas Bateman, Philadelpb
B F Nance, Pomona S J Peabody, Ind
Mrs A Ballard. Chicago J R Todd, Santa Rosa
H E Casey, Los Ang FA Adams. Los A ng
Wm Steinbeck, Hoilistr Miss Hlckother, L Aug
J Waters <fc w.Watsonv B F Walker, Yreka
J W Scott. Los Augeles L Katz, Sutter Cr^ek
H Well, Jackson A J Hinds, Santa Crus
Wm Cole, Providence Mrs Parker, San Jose
J PLaurltzen, Salinas A Saylor, X Yakima
T C Johnston, Pleasantn J M ilyrick. Bowling Q
Miss My rick, Boa 1 Green E C Bank <fe w, looe
Mrs M Clemens, Or J P Richardson. Suisun
X P Slacy A. w. Minn 1) C Hayes it w, S Jose
J H Roberts, Sacto P A Buell, Stockton
G F Mcßride, Etna A Evaus, Chlco
LICK HOUSE.
C Van Nordin. Auburu Mr. Ward <fe w. Wash
M G Rhodes. San Jose C T Slnglartary, S Jose
J Lawrence, Modesto V Clyti. St Helena
J N Bl:.ir, Sacramento T C Kearoff, Cal
Miss Colly, Los Angeles T J Kirk, Fresno
SRBnfor!, Montana I. Fairchilds, St Helena
S H Warner, San Jose W A HigKins, Tulare
E W Biddle, Heald&burg P Bohl, Sacramento
C F Lott, Oroville J W Payne, H V
Mrs H Clark <ft o, Ind H W Poor, Cincinnati
C B Parker, 'i ule Lake S Holland, San Jose
II J Carter, Nevada City MC Bingham, Beckwlth
C H Williams. Ferndale D A Francis. Farndale
T B Cutler, Kureka Hume 1, fry, Arcata
X R Nichols, Chicago A Shepherd <fe w, se. Joe
T IS Ehrenberg<fcw,Napa Pliliart, Flrebaugh
C Swanson, Flrebaugh JM Mannon, TTklah
W Heeser, Mendocino A L Lightner.Baksrsfleld
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
S A Kerr & wf, Rocklln D Roth, Bridgeport
F C Bartlett, Duffin H L Prosper, Portland
H S Tafi, Helena A H Brusie, Bakersneld
Geo Petersen, Kugene W A l-.lkins, Portland
Mrs Linsky, I'ortland SI Jones, Pun land
W J Moore, San Jose Owen Teamord, San Jose
F Philbrook, Portland .X McKinney, Oregon
Geo Wood, Chicago G F Mills. N'ahcotta
G McGowan&son, Oregon H E Grigs, Vancouver
C G Gunther, Portland C F Newcomb, W Wall*
H C Brandon, Portland H W Webb. Seattle
\V I) Crocker, Seattle C C Halverson, Nanafmo
J Morales <fi wf. Reno E McKinna. Stockton
AKDaviu*w,Haywards L X Albin Fresno
H Turkill, Texas G Wntson <fc wf.LAneeles
L X Vail, Juneau M Wo>ten. R»dondo
W S Berry <fc dr, Llndsey G Carder, Los Angeles
J F Colt, Los Angeles J Marks, Stockton
C Nordenfelt, Indianapolis
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M Hueoso, Chicago W* H Miller, New York
J C Brooks, Haywards J C Graham <fe w, Oaklnd
C M Wooster, San Jose J V Piper. Chicago
O J Olsen, New York T H Borkey, Sacramento
Mrs Rtirn<<, Sacramento E iJe Sarsset, San Jose
S A Hutchison, Om aba H F Sieber, Marysville
F Mliler & \v, Marysvlile J C Collins & w, S Cruz
B C M»rtin, st Louis J J Walsh, Arizona
J A Morrissey, Stockton H S Connors, Stockton
C N Odett, Sacramento W R Southard, Rochester
H B il tiler, Vallejo H Berry, Boston
C Austin, Fresno Miss Watts, Los Angeles
V Morton, Los Angeles 0 Blair, E' Paso
G Ball & w.f. New York 0 Baker, New York
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Blanchard, Sta Maria B Bates. Courlland
H J Billings, San Mateo H Nilson, Centervlll*
P Muller. Sonoma A M Vilas, Chicago
A H Vilas, Chicago Mrs Reed, Colorado
J G Porter, Madera J Harrison, Alameda
J C Van Email, Angle Isl Co Mattock <t wf, 111
Misa X Stewart, Illinois H Johnson, Portland
}>, neveral, Victoria
1] IM^-^^J^' ; jj^'ll
i|ie§fep|
lOflffit
A smart Broadway, New
IV York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that ha
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
. such a motto as that
S^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
I 6i :^?/ I:AEWYST - Established
M "J. 1854 if i the treatment of Private
W Diseases. Lost Manhood. Ability o?
M Ski^n!^! 111111 ?,?^" body and minding
m s>kin JDlseases. l hedoctorcureswh«n
1314
GEORGE WEBER'S FORTUNE
A Californian Given a Magni
ficent Position in South
1 Africa.
Made General Manager of the Deep
Level Development Company
M nes.
By the appointment of George E. Weber,
a veteran California mining man. as gen
eral manager of the Deep Level Develop
ment Company's mines, on the Rand, in
South Africa, another representative of
the Golden State has been given a high
salaried position in the African gold fields,
for which mining experts the world over
are now striving.
* Mr. Weber, who for many years was
well known in this State, went to South
Africa several years ago when the rush to
the new El Dorado began, and soon made
his mark as an expert of ability. . He was
given charge of the Crown Reef mines,
which are considered very valuable prop
erties, and held his position until the Deep
Level people decided to find a successor to
H. C. Perkins, also an old Californian, who
had been at the helm for some time.
Mr. Weber at first declined to leave the
position he was occupying, but when the
Deep Level Company raised its bid 10 $25,
--000 a year, the highest salary paid an
American mining engineer in Africa, he
decided to accept, and is now in full
charge.
The claims of the Deep Level Develop
ment Company are 'situated at some dis
tance from the main claims on the Rand,
and the formation of the company was
due to the peculiar provisions of the South
African mining Jaw.
In California when a vein dips under the
claim of another company, the parties who
are following it are entitled to continue,
though they «o under half a dozen other
properties.
In South Africa the vertical line of the
boundary of the claim limits its property
and beyond tne owners must not go.
The body of ore on which the Rand is
tituated dips away sharply and at a short
distance is 1500 to 2000 feet below the sur
lace. The Deep Levei Company took up
and bought a large number of outside
claims and intends to sink deep shafts to
tan the lode.
Mr. Weber, who baa had much ex
perience in deep mines in the Blact Hills
and in Venezuela, is expected to superin
tend the work to the mil satisfaction of
the company.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a marked depreciation In the Com
stocks yesterday- The best price for Occidental
was $1 20 against $1 60 on Monday, for Con. Cal.
& Va. $1 6^ against $1 75, Hale A. N'orcross
$1 15 a^aißst f 1 35, and so on. The Bodies were
also considerably lower.
On the Bond Exchange businessj^waa lively.
For Giai't Powder SfiilVa was bid and a powder
< ombinaiiou was rumored.
lii the Choilar mine, in the south stope on the
4f>o level, they have raised up the third floor on
the ore streak reported last week. The old fillings
are of fair grade, the most of which are being
Bared and sent to the mill. In the stope above No.
2 crosscut, same level, they are working the old
fillinps on the seventh floor, and encounter occa- I
B'onal bunches of ore along the casings. They are
making repairs to the main Incline and at other |
points where most needed. Havie shipped to the
Nevada mill during the past week 53tonsand 1100
pounds of ore, which will be crushed as soon as
enough is accumu'at°d for a run. shipped three
bars of bullion of the par value of $7742 03.
In the Potosl mine they have completed the
new compartment to the south raise on the 440
l«v«-l up to the tweltth floor, or 81 feet. The lop
is in clay and stringers of quartz that give fair as
says. On the 650 level tue wes; drift, has been
repairt-d 20 fet't during l he week; total depth 406
feet. On the tunnel level the drift souhwest, 331
ieet from he switch, is out 54 feet. It has passed
through the old workings and is now in new
ground. Are making repairs In the main incline
End several drifts in the mine.
The Alaska Trendwell Gold Mining Company
has declared the usual quarterly dividend of 37Vi
oeittd per share, payable on the 28th.
The Highland mine of south iJakota will pay a
dividend of 25 < en:s per share this month.
The Bullion assessment of 10 cents per share
will be delinquent in the company's office to-day.
The Home Gold Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of 5 cents per
share, delinquent May 18.
The Oolden Land Placer Mining Company of
tsacramenio County has levied an assessment of 1
cent per share, delinquent May .0.
The Coast Development ompany of Tuolumne
County has levied an assessment of 3 cents per
•hare, delinquent May i; 5.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 30 cents per share on May 5.
A»««--mi:tMits Pending.
Following is a list of asseaaments now pen'Jln?-.
' ' — : 1 r —
in the
I Board.
Sale D»y.
wiener •••-■..
on. Cal. <fc Va
'odle Con
ies. Belcher
)phir
Jullion
iouid <fc Curry
'hn'.'.i v.s"
62
6
ll
39
17
68
47
78
21
46
67
22
2.'
16
45, .
26. Apr Sj. April '26
30. Apr 4|. April 35
16. Apr "'.May 4
JO'.AprlO .May 4
25!.Aprl7.May 11
To.AprlB.May 14
15.Apr26.May 20
Os.Apr27.May 20
Or. May 2 .May 27
'JOMB3- 3. May 26
10 May 3 .May 2S
OolMair 4 .May 27
05 Ma/ 7 ..Tune •!
20 May 10 .June 4
'aleuonia.
rown Point I
iccidenta!
tan
Upha
'oiosi
BOARD SALES.
Folloivlni: were the sala* in the Saa Fr_nelsß3
fetocit Board yesterday:
REGULAR MOKNIKO SESSION COKMKNCINO 9:30.
SCO Belcher.. .43 1 100 Occid.. 1.15 Potosi 24
100 Cha11ge...23100 0ph1r.:.1.2U 600 Savage.." 26
400 Choilar ...as|2oU 0vrmn.. ..10 100 See Bel. 14
600 CCA V.. 1.65300 Potoai 23 100 Union.. 50
50 C Point... 3l| I
AITKP.XOOS SKSBIOK— 2:3O.
200 B & 8... .46100 Justice. ...os 200 Potosl 23
1100 Bullion.. 1 3 80U Mexican. .32;iOO . ' 24
100 8u1wer... 35200 Mono la 100 Savage .'25
100 Chollar 1700 Occidtll.lo S Nev _ 58
50 CC<fcV...1.60;300 1.15 100 Uni0n.....48
600 CrwnPu..2B3ooOphir.. .1.15 400 Uuh......04
iooH«tN...l.lo|loo 1.20; ■ ;
folio wins were tno taiea in the Paclfla 3too*
Board yesterday:
REGULAR BKSSIOX— 10:30.
300 Alpha 091200 CC&V. 1.65 800 Mexicn....32
WJJJ AltJ OH 9OO 16/ 8 400 Occid 1.22 V 2
200 Ande5... .26500 ...1.0U600 1 2o
600 8e1cher.. .411150 Conn" 73200 117VQ
400 B&B 48400 Crwn P1...311400 ...... 1.15
tOO 46300 30800 Ophlr. 115
2400 Bodle. ...48 200 Exchqr.. .04 300 Ovrmn 09
300 Btillion.. 14H00G&C 23 ; 200 I'oon ""2H
6400 ..131000 ...22 500 *...";."" ' 22
100 8u1wer.... 40 200 H&N 1.17% 400 c.'..:26
100 ...... 38600 ......I.lb 40U SB&M . 14
6U0Ca!eda.....04500 .....lyJsoO "" itt —i 5
200 Cha11n ...22 1200 I. in 600 SNe"v 57
800 Chollar>..3» 500 Julia ...04 450 Union C.".""4i)
600 37 300 Justice.. ..o6 4oo Utah 04
200.. Kentck.. 04 650 V Jac'i«7.3l
200CCV..1.67Vs 600 Mexican..33 " *?s**:
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
200 Alnba 09;300 ChallnKe..22!3oo Occd .1 15
:-;00 Alia 08 400 Cbollar; .361600. l'l7U»
100 Ande5. ...26 600 CCitV...IS/ 200 .... ' , \yL
: 000 Belcher..4l 150 Conn 'i'z 8.0 "1 1 o
400 Etß 46:200 C Point....2L 200 Ovrinii" "08
200 Bodie 43!!»OO G C 22.100 Potosi .' *23
1500 42,600 H&N ...1.10 200 Savage" .'.'24
600 ............41jfO0 ...... .1.0-Vz 600 S B la
3008u1110n....154U0 Justice. ...o63oJ S Nev '67
300 8u1wer....33 300 Mexican..3'J4oo Union '. 47
200 311200 M0n0. ....13 300 Utah...', "oi
400 ............. 309600ph1r...1.15 YJack«t.J3Q
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 21-4 p. m.
Bi*.Atkr<ty- . Bld.A»k«d.
Alpha Con 07 09 J»ck50n....... *40 —
<*Ha......^.... 08 lOjJnlia. 04 05
An «*s. .- ....... .25 26 Justice 04 00
I»elch*r 41 44BentucK....._ 02 03
Uelcner. 45 47 Lady Wan.... — ■05
Motile 42 43 Mexican....... 32 33
bullion 13 14 Nevada Uoeea. - 05
Caicaoma — (16 Occidental 1.10 1.15
I lmlleng;8 van. 22 i.'4 Ophir ...... 1.15 1.20
|-. bclJ " 36 37 overman ...... 08 10
ton. Cat i Va. 1.60 I.6s'l'oiok " 23 24
ton. Inipenaj. 01 02Sav#ee.. ....24 V 6
Conflaencß 70 72 teg. Belcher... 13 14
Lon.l*ew Yore — 04 klerra Nevada, 57 59
crown Point... 27 28, Scorpion «I 2 -
taithierra.Ne* — . .04 Silver UU1.;... 01 - 02
Exchequer..... 03 04' Syndicate 02 03
tnrekacon.... _ . 25! Union C0n..... 47 48
■ Oonld <&. Curry. 21 22 L tab. _ 04
U*i« <fc.Norcnt. 1.05 l.lo|YcU aw " .aok». 31' 32
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
450Amalle . 1 70 Keystone.......
50 ....;..:; 1 66 8id....:: ........ .■.■'6s 00
_ - Champion ■-_-• 1 400 Lockwood Con • 34
jy. -- .....1..18 00 Providence.....
f°,n^ rant •• '^ Asked 85 00
i 5 26 300 Savannah 45
SO*' 2i 3OU 44
, Krnnedy....... 500.... * " 44
Asked..... 14 001100 Thorpe .'.'.'.'.'.'." 76
LOCAL I'KITIES.
Bid 2 Humboldt 8ank...... ... 1100 00
i.id 60 bpring Valley- Water.. ...7.7." lto 25
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. .
TUESDAY, April 31-3 F. U.
rKIIH) HT4TIC3 BONUS.
Sid. A iked. Bid. At*«&.
PB4soonp..lOH% — rjS4BM«... - 109
Do, new Is.. .117%118i,t,
m ■■;.;.% n K'iri MVH .
Cal-stCbleßs. 1113.4113 >Da 24 las 6s. — —
CalElecLes.llo — 1' AO Ry v 1 05 130
CntraCWSs. 94 — P«tChßr6s. - 107 Vi
Dpnt-st ex-op 77 95 Pwl-st.Rße*. — ll«Va
EdßnL<tl'6s.ll2i^ — Keno. WL&L — 105
FACHRRSs. — 105y River W Co6s — 100
Uearv-stRSs. 100% — 1.-actoP * .100 102%
I.OBAIIZ - 103 't>F<fcKPRRBaIO-2 103
Do.Unted.Us. - 103 bl'KßArizti* 94 86
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - 6FRRCaI6s~ lOSV%III
DoßyConss.. — 10634 Calss- - —
NevCNgß7s. 95 - Bi'BrßCaias. 8754100
PCRR6S.IO6V2 - SVWatertJa.. — 120
NRyCal6s. 101 ' 103 6VWater4s._loo — '
NRy Cal ss. — - KtktnG&Eßi — 101
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104V4 6unstTAT6s.loo —
Do. 'M (as ss. 103 — Kutter-stRSs.HO 111
Omnibus a*., 1 19 — VlsailaWCdi — SM
PacKolLMtfs^ — —
WAT-J-R STOCK*.
Contra Costa 35 39 If an Jom -75' 100
MarinCo.... 49 . - |SprlngVaUey 100% —
<>• mock-.
Capital — 39 % Pacific Light. 44 45 V
Central 95 — |San jrrancsoo 89 89*4
OakOL&H. 63 6334 Stockton. .... — 21Vi
facGaalnip. 84 . clVi!
IKBUKAN UK dTOCBII.
flremansFd.l74 — |Sun 43 — ',
»■(>!!* at. RANK RTr>-- i m.
Amerß&TC. — — London ,V. — > >
/.oglo-Cal ... 51 59 London&SF. — 27%
Bank of CaL . A3« 340 Merch Ex-.. 13 —
CaISD&TCa. 53 57 ! Nevada...... — —
HrstNatlonl.l7B 182% Bather 800. — — :>
Grangers.... — — !
. .. RAVIKBS BANK STfICKV
GerSJtLCo..)4OO — Pav&Loaa.. — 101
Hamb3<&L.lloo 1450 Security . — 260
, Mutual 37% 40 . Union Trust. 7s6 810
bibkvUmou — 485 !
STRi"T ):AiT.Rf»At> <»TfW"K:m.
California.... 10934110% Oak,SL<&Hay — 100
Oeary-st 60 7' l'residio...-. 7 9
I Market-it... 433/ 8 45 |Suttcr-5t...... — — -
- rOWUKK fTDCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 - IJudson — —
i Eastern D... — 90 ,tilanu 21% 23
California.... — »8 'Vigont. 66c t 95c
UIorKLI.AX'-n' -i =T'T"n.
Alaska Pkn. 93Vs 96 OceanlcSSCo 26% 27%
BlkDCoalCo. — .JO PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — — I'ac Borax.- 93 100
CalDrvDoclc. — — Pacl&NCat — 80
• JEditonLlKiLll4»ills Fac Roll Mill 37% 38
I GasConAsso. — — 'PartPalntCo. 6% 7%
! G«r Lead Co. 86 100 PocTransOa — 8*
i HawC&SCo.. 19S/8 19*4 PacTdt'OOo 65 70
■ HntchSPCa. 20S /8 buasetTAf.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC. — — UnitedUCU. — 25
UerKxAssalOO 110 I
Board— 1000 Contra Costa Water Bonds, 94; 60
Edison Li hi A Power Co. 315; 100 Hawaiian
Commercial, 193,4: 60 do, 19%: 100 Hutchinson
S P Co, 20%; f'^OCO Omnibus Cable Bonds, 119y 8 ;
25 S V Water. 10l)s/ 8 .
Street— so Fireman's Fund Ins. 175; 100 Oak
land Gas. 53: 60 S V Gasliebt, »9Vs: $16,000 8 V
4% Bonds, 100 Vi; $5000 SF4.NP Railway Bonds,
102.
AFTBBNOON- smrox.
Board— 2s Edison Light it Power Co. 115 ; 6 do,
114-' 8 : 150 Hutchinson 8 P Co, 20%; 170 do,
i 205.',,: 60 PacitlcGas Imp, 841.4: 60 S i" Gaslight,
88: 50 do. 8SV 2 : 3RO do, 89; 100 do, s 80. 88"/ 8 ;
«0 S V \V«ter. 100%.
Street— s2ooo Sutter-st R R Bonds, 110%.
• — ♦■ —
The French language contains 13 per
cent of useless letters. There are 6800
journals published in the language, and
they print 108.000,000,000 letters every
year, so that 14,040,000,000 letters are use
less simply because they have ceased to
be used in the French language as it is
poken.
. _______________
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali~
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
night in tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission ■treets, ope!
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock. j
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
! LODGE NO. 169, F.<t jT"
tKS' A. M. — Culled meeting THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. s\3f
Third degree. By order of the W. M. rvfr\
■■'-.-.:.' C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
g£TS» CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. jit
cKS' & a. M. — Called meeting THIS_4t
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 P. M. D. 3. By if V
order of the W. M. ' /n^\
j^. H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
tt^s» KINO SOLOMON'S LODGE, No. ft
Bfi^ 260. F. and A. M.-The officers and JV
members are notified to attend the funeral 3f
of our late brother, ALEXANDER JOSEPH 'V x
WKTZLAR, from the Masonic Temple, THURS-
DAY. April 23, at 1 o'clock p. m. By order of the
Master. HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
gp^S=> THE METAL ROOFERS' ASSOCIA-
B<S r t on meets TO-NIGHT (Wednesday) at
Academy Hall, 927 Mission st. Order of commit-
tee.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j^^^JOTICEIS^H^REBY^GTv^N^rIIiAT
C5~» r the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom
street. San Francisco, Cal., has received the fol-
lowing half-orphan and abandoned girls from Jan-
uary 1 to April 1, 1896: Hazel I. Anderson, aged
18 months; Mary Rose Driscoll, aged 3 years;
Evelyn Tucker, aged 6 years: Lucy Tucker, aged
4 years: Amelia Ruth Rewsche, Hged 5 years;
Lovina M. Korb. aged 10 years: Mabel S. Lien,
aeed 4 years; Mary M. Lyons, aged 5 years; Fan-
nie Myers, aged 3 years.
rt^Jp BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
l*^^ collections made, city -or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.,* room 6. Tel. 6580.
jF5g» WINDOWS CiJCANEU AND FLOORS
K~^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages euaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO.. 242 Sutter.
SITUATIONS WANXED-FEMALB.
rmVO NEAT HOUSEWORK GIRLS WITH
X best of reference want work In city or country.
For particulars telephone or address MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st. -
ERMAN SECOND GIRL, WITH THE VERY
- best of reference, wants situation; will assist
with children and is also a competent waitress.
Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st. '
1 1 -CLASS COOK AND LAUNDRESS DE-
sires situation in Jewish family; best of refer-
ences; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ler st. •
LMRST-CLASS SWEDISH WAITRESS AND
X I stress desires situation;- best references.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
"I7IRST-CLASS INFANT'S NURSE DESIRES
" position; best of reference. MISS HICKEY,
1033 Post st.: telephone, Suiter 52. • » -. -■
EAT GIRLS *• OR UPSTAIRS WORK AND
X> Raiting, also general housework girls, $15 to
$20, desire positions. MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post
St.; telephone, Suiter 62. - .
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION AT
V J general housework is good cook references
given. Apply 1907 Polk st. .
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J to do general housework; city or country: good
plain cook. Call or address 110 Sixth st.
SWEDISH HOUSEGIRL; 5 YEARS' EXPERI-
ence; good cook; city or country: strong and
willing. 315 Sutter st.
9 SWEDISH GIKLS WISH TO DO GEN-
■ ■<£ eral housework; wages $20 Please call at 14
Folsom aye., off Folsom st.. near Eighth.
CIOMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
V^ do second worn; city, references. Address C.
P., box 119, Call Office.
* MERICAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
-"V as housekeeper or light housework; a good
home more than big wages; country preferred; no
trlflers. | MRS. C. X., 126 Fourth st., room 6. .
1 ADY, EXPERIENCED IN FRENCH EM-
-l-i broidery and line sewing, wishes ■ a few engage-
ments at home. Call or address MRS. RUBURG,
i 99 Congo st. ?•.: .■.:--.••, •.
IRL. 17, WISHES POSITION TO CARE FOR
X children; can instruct in music and assist in
, studies. Call 1711 Church st. '.--.- ~j
I EAT SWISS WOMAN OF MIDDLE AGE
, xi wishes situation as housekeeper In small fam-
ily or upstairs work and sewing; best of references,
( 125Goughst., near Market.
ADY WANTS WORK IN RESTAURANT OR
by the. day. Call or address CHRISTINE
JOHNSON, 9 Minna St.
KESSMAKER DESIRES ENGAGEMENTS
at $1 a day and car fare; first-class cutter and
• fitter; work taken home. - Address W. T., box 92
I Call Office. r , -■",■..
! Y OUNG GERMAN WOMAN WANTB WASH-
-1 X Ing, ironing and bousecleanlng by the day. Ad-
-1 dress C.N., 218 Lobos St., Ocean View. ...  -
I 9 GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS TO DO CHAM-
. -. hcrvvork or luundry-work: would like situation
) together: country preferred. 606 Fourth st.
, V OOH ' WIDOW WANTS POSITION AS
! X housekeeper or care of children for widower-
, city or country.' 506 Fourth at. ■ ;'■ "
1 pOMI'ETENT. WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
, v.' the day. washing, ironing, -housecleaniag, or
: will wash flannels home; : good worker. MRS.'
j ALLEN. 353y Minna, rear, near Fifth. :,
, pOMPETENT GIRL Dl SIRE » POSITION AS
! \J maid and seamstress: understands dressmak-
ing; wages $20 to $25. Address S.-, box 136, Call.
WAITRESS WISHES : SITUATION SMALL
» T. restaurant. ■ Call, write, A. 8., 1531/2 Fifth st.
( room 15. .- : ■• . •-..'.. : v .-..-.
GIRL. WISHES SITUATION TO X).) GEN-
eral housework in private family. Call 717
1 Twenty-second st., .near Valencia. . .-".^i/*'' '..'-.•;'-r.;.-;:
, WOMAN WITH A. CHILD WISHES SITUA-
. tion: city, or country; will work -for small
I ; wages. ; Call or address 51« Howard, City Hotel. ■■
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE TO
X do general housework and plain cooking; wages
1 $:0. Pleas'; call o- send postal 621 be-
' tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth, 'f ■•■■ • - -.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
SITUATIONS TVANTED-Continued.
TiEFINED LADY WISHES A POSITION
XV housekeeper. 1 Address Housekeeper, box 91,
Call Office. - .
DRESSMAKER. STYLISH AND EXPERI-
-enced, would like work home, or will go out by
the day. 301 Franklin si.
WOMAN WISHES WOHK BY THE DAY
.'' washing or housecleaning. Apply 411 Polk.
■yoUISG GIRL WISHES POSITION A* LADY 'S
■ maid; can dress hair; best of reference. Ad-
dress C. G. M.. box 76, rail.
TWO FIRST-CLASS COOKS WANT SITUA-
■L tions to do general housework or cooking or
housekeeping for widower; best of city references.
Call or address 2612 or 2633 Pose st.
V OUNG GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
-I general housework. Please call at 1238 Fol-
som st. : no postals answered.
/WIDOW. WITH BABY ONE YEAH OLJ> TO
» > support wants work; is willing to do any kind
Of respectable work; mending; addressing en.
velopes: collecting: polishing silver or cut glass-
etc. Address MARTHA HARP, Station K. city,
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES POSITION TO
VI do general housework' and plain cooking; is
good laundress; from $-0 to $25 a month. 12
Kausch st., between seventh and Eighth. .
\\riDOW OF REFINEMENT, WITH GIRL
'» of 10 years, desires pleasant home; widowers'
family . preferred, or would k«ep house for 2 or 3
gentlemen. Address EL G., box 93, Call Office.
OITUATIOX WANTED BY A COMPETENT
O woman to do general housework in city or
country. 905% Powell st.
■yOUNG WOMAN, HONEST AND RELIABLE,
JL wishes upstairs or housework; wages $15.
Address A. S., box 91, this office.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES TO GO OUT
\J by the day to do sewing or housework. Ad-
dress M. S., box 7, this office. .
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION DO-
X ing general housework. Address 1772 Folsom.
SITUATION WANTED— BY AN AMERICAN
working housekeeper: capable of taking entire
care of children and their sewing; reference; city
or country. MRS. M. C, 14% Cedar aye., bet.
Lark in and Polk sts.
ADY AND GROWN DAUGHTER WISH
management of club, hotel or summer resort;
seaside or country; references. B. P., box 11, Call
Office, Oakland.
pOMPETENT SEAMSTRESS WISHES A
\J situation with a dressmaker to assist with
housework and sawing. Address S. E., box 72,
Call Office.
PARTY WILL GIVE HER SERVICES TO
Xln valla or family ing East or Europe for fare;
references given. Address E. L., 628% Fulton st.
DANISH GIRL WANTS A SITUATION AS
cook or general housework in small family;
reference. 414 Waller st.
ELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, SPEAK-
ing German and English, wishes a situation to
tend counter, bakery, or do general housework;
would like to sleep home; also, a strong German
woman would like to go out by the day or by the
week to do nousecleaning and washing. Call at
256 Jessie St., upstairs.
ITOATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
~ girl for general housework or upstairs work; no
postals. all 2633 Post st.
DEFINED ENGLISH YOU:<iG LADY DE-
XV sires to travel to New York with lady as maid
or nurse for journey expenses: good references:
had experience. B. S., 2106 Delaware St., Berkeley.
REFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE*
It any kind of sewing or mending. llt>9 Mission
St., room 16, second floor '■ • ■ k - : v
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., KB.
»" Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
ire.- bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS wam'ed-male. .
uNTER^Srca, i X < hi^e^e~a?Td'"japan^
-LL ese employment office, 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE -
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO., 640 Clay, j
PC. Ci. COOK'S SUC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL j
. branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel. Grant 46. i
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
v office; best help. 3148 Sutler: lei. Grant 30. i
HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; tel. E. 42&
p ROCERY WANTING SINGLE YOUNG MAN
VT to work for board. Please address WILLING,
214 Third st. \
pARKIAGE-PAINTER WANTS JOB: ALL-
\J round man. F. R. ELDRI DOE, 1230 Mission.
TEADY RELIABLE MAN WANTS WORK
O of any kind; city or country. Address E. X.,
box 84, Call Office.
V COMPETENT YOUNG MAN; SITUATION
as clerk In hotel or lodginfr-house; cash secur- |
ity or reference*. Address C. V., box 76, Call
Office.
YOUNG ENGLISHMAN, WITH GOOD EDU-
X cation, steady and with good references of char-
acter, wishes a situation. Address English, box
67, Call office. ■
OITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN
O as man about place, city or country, st reason- !
able wages; references given. Address M. A., box
118. Call Office. j
QITUATION BY MAN AND WIFE IN RES- !
O taurant or hotel; man to assist in kitchen: wife
good waitress and chambermaid. 227 Sixth st.,
room 6.
G~OOD HOTEL WAITER, SPEAKS GERMAN,
wishes a place in the city or country. Address,
please, by mail C. 11., 116 Leldesdonf st.
YOUNG M AN, SCOTCH, AGED 22, WANTS
X work in store or to drive delivery-wagon: good
references. Address Reliable, box 101, Call Office.
OACHMAN THAT THOROUGHLY UNDER-
I stands his business with A 1 reference wants a
situation. Address W. 8., box 63, Call Office.
T)ELIABLE (SWISS-GERMAN) MAN WANTS
XV to rent » cattle ranch on shares, or will take !
charge of sam • for wages. Address A. H., 2135 j
Harrison st.
\y ANTED—BY A MIDDLE-AGED MAN TO
» » care for horses and garden who thoroughly
understands his business; can milk and make
himself useful; best of reference. A. 8., box 57.
Call Office. '
V OUNG MAN, USED TO PRIVATE PLACE.
-I- with good references, wanting work. 608 Clay.
YOUNG MAN WILL GIVE EVENINGS FREE
X to learn waiters' work; has some experience of
same. Address W. A., box 72, Call Office.
CIUTTER WANTS POSITION; ONE WHO IS
) experienced and a practical tailor. Address
C. A., box 114, Call Office.
UT ANTED- A SITUATION AS VALET
*1. traveling servant or to wait on an Invalid gen- \
tleman by an Englishman; 9 years' experience.
Address Valet, 109 Lariuu st.
X\T ANTED— A POSITION BY A GOOD HA NDY I
»» German man with best references for any 1
kind of work. Inquire in barber shop, 2207 Geary ;
PRACTICAL OUCH ARDIST, 15 YEARS' CAL- !
X ifornia experience, open for engagement a.< su- !
perintendent of orchard, vines, stock and fenced
farming, or will lease on shares; A-l references
Address Ranch, 3121,4 Fulton si.
I) ELIABLE FIRST-CLASSMAN WANTS SIT-
XV nation around private ; place; is good driver
and understands care of horses and garden and is
handy with tools. Address U. H., box 93, Call.
\ r ANTED-POSITION BY YOUNG MAN TO
» » drive delivery wagon; well acquainted in city
good references. S. 11. M., box 51, Call Office.
YOUNG-MAN WANTS WORK; HANDY AT
X palming, whitening, paper-banging; will work
reasonable by the. day; city or country. • H. E
box 69. Call Office. '
YOUNG MAN. 28, SPEAKS GERMAN AND
A Encllsh, desires situation of an ■ kind; city or
country. BARON, 511 Sixth St., Oakland.
OITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
O (German, 24) of any kind; is very handy in
carpenter work; is sober. F. S., box 19, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— SITUATION AS COOK OR STEW-
»» ard by a German of good experience both
ashore and at sea. Address F. G., box 24, this
office.- ■ . ■ •
GERMAN WANTS WORK TO TAKE CARE
' of horses or any kind of farmwork; city or
country. Call or address 836 Fifteenth aye., Soutn
San Francisco.
QTEADY, RELIABLE YOUN : GERMAN, 22
O wishes a situation; has experience in the gro'
eery business. -Address T. PETERSEN, 821
Hampshire St., city.
TNDUSTRIOUS AND TRUSTWORTHY MAN
x with several years' reference from last employer' i
wishes situation as gardener and coachman- "can
milk. . D. J.. box 149, this office. *".
YOUNG MAN, SPEAKS GERMAN AND
X English and can keep booK?, wishes work for
few hours every morning and Saturdays. 1009
Mission st.
p ARDKNER WISHES PLACE WITH PRl-
acroo% fa i 63 1 , > C>ff^ffi'c c e aged; SinSle - A ° " J v
©1 00 GIVEN FOR A POSITION AS NIGHT
*JP L\J\J or day watchman or place in wholesale
house. Address JOHN RESTROF, 2003 Ellis st
GERMAN, 25, WISHES OUTDuOR POSITION
VJ of any kind; best reference. H. HORN UNO
340 Minna st. ; :-- .■.,-■■■• ;
FEMALE HELP WANTED..
pHAMBERMAID -XnD WAITRESS, SMALL
■v/ hotel near city, $20; laundress Jfor ■ country.
$;-;0 and found; German or Scandinavian girl for
housework, country, s2o; German girl, houuework,
family of 2, $15: girls tor housework, city and
country, 15 and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. .. . .;■■.■ .. . '.' ' ', ; ; ■ : ■■_-, ;
U' ANTED— NEAT GIRL FOR CO. .'KING. NO
" washing, in an American family of 3, ?L0- 2
restaurant ■ waitresses, ; $25; 2 Protesiant - and
Irish second ; girls. $20: 2 colored cooks, $20 and
$25: laundress for private family, $25; French or
German nurse, $20: and a large- camber of girls
for all kinds of work In city and country. J. F
CRQsETT & CO., 312 Sutter St. t -'.;,:
OOK, $30; COOK, ST. HELENA. $2.i; OAK-
land, $25; German chambermaid, $20; nurse.
$20; •; 16- housework girls, city, $20 and $25- 8
young girls assist, »10 to $15. MISS CULLEN
328 Matter st. :<i- '_;.'.." .' - . ■ - r ":■;'. S;*?>rd*.
.'\TEAT, REFINED GIRL: HOUSE WO
J-l Martinez; 2 in , family; ■ $20; see party here
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler st. , . - '
■p IRL FOR HOUSEWORK, AMERICAN FAM-"
■OTily of two, $20; Is German cooks, $30 and $35;:
waitress, . $26, and  several others, s. MRS. ■ HIRD
721 Ellis. :-..*::--■■•>;,.--;:.■;.■ .  y^ ; - - . ;- ■:■■■-}',
HEA U WAITRESS, $26, CITY HOTEL; W A lT-
:ress, $15, fare paid, country hotel. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kcar.,y si. • .■ .
HELP WANTED— Continued.
S Tir A N TED^WAITRESS," RESTAURANtT
, 1 1 aw. ek; 2 young French girls assist,slo and $12,
sleep home; French nurse, $20: Swedish girl,
I housework, $20. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
; CTOTEL LAUNDRESS, $25, • room, BOARD,
XX etc., call early; cook, $6 a week and room;
7 waitress, . country, $'.'0 and room. MARTIN'S
Employment Agency, 749 Market st,
I pASHIER WANTED— VERY TALL AND AT-
. \J tractive lady; steady position: good salary:
easy work; experience "not necessary. Apply at
. once to U. S. Industrial Agency, room 167, Croeser
- building. /
r Y~OUNU GIRL FOR LIGHT WORK IN STORE;
• Xs3 a week. ' C 23 Union st. ,
i YOUNG GIRL FOR CANDY-STORE: LIVING
. Kin Mission preferred. 934 Valencia st.
GIIRL FOR GENERAL. HOUSEWORK; GER-
, r man or Swedish preferred. 1218 a Fulton st.
1 rp AIL O R E S ON CUSTOM COATS. 626
. X Minna st.
WOMAN for general HOUSEWORK.
I " 3308 Mission st.
\ ! THIRST-CLASS PANTSMAKKR. 320 MONT-
j I X' eomery aye. ' ' .
-VTOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
" X work; sleep home; $6 to $8. 1930 Bush st. 33
' W ANTED-FIR.ST-CLASS TAILORESS. D.
Ru:sT ' 1 »77 Market st. '
; GERMAN OH SWEDISH GIRLTODOGKN-
VJ e.-al housework: wages $16. Apply 1308 Lar-
f kin st.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; SLEEP
home. 1713 Dupont st.
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN FOR
general housework. 7 Cottage place, off Jones
• at., near Geary.
p HAND ON WAISTS, AND APPREN-
- VX tice at dressmaking, j 308 Fourth aye.
M IDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO DO COOKING.
, 28 south Park at.
i INTELLIGENT WOMAN (PAST 26) FOR
, | X office of wholesale house; one without experi-
. ence preferred; references. E. W., box 51, Call.
XPERIENCED GIRL FOR GENERAL
[ XJ housework; wages 816. Apply 10 to 12, 1421
; j Larkin st. . j
1 pIRL OR WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK;
. I "' sleep home; no cooking, no washing; $15.
b 721 Ellis.
1 (URL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; WAGES
> VT $10. 1133% Twenty-fourth St., between Noe
; and Sanchez.
! A PPRENTICE AND FINISHERS ON
• -"- cloaks and suits. 14 Grant aye., room 59.
• WANTED-GIRL FOR SECOND WORK,
' 11 wait on table. Apply between 9 and 12 at
: 2932 Jackson. *■*■ *
GOOD BUTTONHOLE-MAKER AND COATS:
steady; good wages. 541 Market st.
; GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK: REF-
-1 vT erences. 1307 Ociavia.
W ANTED^-PROTESTANT GIRL FOR GEN-
' '» eral housework; wages $10. 1412 Mission st.
, niRL WANTED for GENERAL house-
) VJ work at 1717 Post st.
T/iRENCH OR SPANISH LADY TO COOK FOR
; X 1 family. 24 Dorland st. .
I A PPRENTICES TO LEA UN DRESS CUT-
: -M- ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
: SEWERS ON LADIES' AND CHILDREN S
i O wear. 840 Market St., bet. Tenth and Eleventh.
1 OBT CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
. iU Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
. 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
; week; free 'bus to and from ferry.
' HAIRDRESSING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
• XX and eve classes; 101es8ons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting . patterns
- 25c up. McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
; i rooms: 25c to $160 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
. week : f*»e but to and from the ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
' ! pAMPßtXcliB^tTTiHrsr6TA^VYT^O^rßr7;
I \J carriage painter, country, $2 to $2 60 a day; 2
i , ranch carpenters, $20: 2 sheep shearers, 5 cents a
j fleece and board: 3 farmers, $20: 4 milkers, $20
: j and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
COOK, COUNTRY RESTAURANT, 850 TO
I $60; waiter for institution. $30; 2 waiters,
country hotel, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
• Geary. ■ ■ ■
'■ PASTRY COOK AND BAKER FOR COUN-
X try hotel, $60 to s76. C. R. HANSEN & CO,,
, 1 10 Geary.
l/'RENCU OR SWISS SECOND COOK, COUN-
X try hotel, $80. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
■ Geary. .
FRENCH COOK, COUNTRY RESTAURANT,
$60; cook, country restaurant, $50 to $60;
• waiter for an institution, $30; 2 waiters, country
hotel, $30. C. R. HANSKN A CO., 110 Geary st.
OHAMPOOER, WITH TURKISH-BATH EX-
-0 perlenee; must be a good rubber; $40. C. B.
HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary.
ENGINEER AND MACHINIST WHO CAN
run dynamos and storage batteries, $66; en-
. j gineer and machinist who can run a dynamo for
• small hotel, $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN <fc
CO., lIP Geary st.
AKER FOR A SPRING HOTEL, $45 TO $50.
C. R. HAXSEN «fe CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED— SECOND COOK, COUNTRY, $30
»' per month; 5 Scandinavians or Germans to
peel Dark, $26 and board, see boss here: 20 men
to get out tv wood railroad ties, tools, etc., fur-
j nished, see boss here: 2 milkers, $20: good strong
I boy living with his parents to work about a factory
I in city, $4 per week; also farmers, cooks, waiters
j and dishwashers. W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay.
! Q(\ REDWOOD TIES TO CUT. Be, 9c,
OU.V/UU 10c, lie and 12c each: tools and
I food furnished by company: see boss here. MUR-
j RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
p<)OK AND'WIFK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $40;
\J 3 hotel cooks, $25, $35 and $65; 2 waiters.
$15 and $30; 2 dishwashers. MURRAY &
READY, 684 and 636 Clay st.
B~ LACKSMITU, COUNTRY SHOP: CAR-
Jiage setter or screw turner; charcoal burner;
farmer and wife; 6 farmers; 5 laborers; 3 wire-
nail operators. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
Tx C\t\f\ CORDS OF REDWOOD TO CUT,
XO.UUU 70c cord. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
wanted — stage-driver, $20 AND
11 found; choreman for ranch, $20 and found;
2 Swiss milkers for Oregon, see boss here; milker,
; $20; 2 waiters for miners' boarding-house, $25 to
' z27 50; hotel waiter, country, $25 to $30: restau-
\ rant waiter, $25, and others. Apply to J. F.
j CKOBETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
i ipwo Waiters, same country hotel;
j Xs2s. HOTi.L GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
I 1 UY-GOODS SALESMAN FOR A FIRST-
I XJ class house; must be a window-dresser. Aj>-
• 1 ply at once to U. S. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building.
WANTED- STENOGRAPHER WHO CAN
11 telegraph. W. H., box 91. Call Office.
OY WANTED IN TAILOR 625
, Merchant si., room 15.
HOEMAKER WANTED ON REPAIRING.
1519 Buchanan st,
: WANTED-A FIRST-CLASS coatmaker ;
1 1 steady work. 606 Bush at. - ■
p ERMAN SHOEMAKER ON REPAIRING;
must be temperate. 106 Ninth st.
FIRST-CLASS COATMAKER TO WORK IN
1 store. 202 McAllister st.
J7URST-CLASS CARRIAGESMITH. APPLY
B. GRAVE CO., 421 Pacific at. \ -:-:i. >
■yOTJNO MAN SKILLED IN JOB PRINTING.
1 X Address 8. J., box 62. Call Office.
. rr A I LOR WANTED at 834 Howard st.
ARBER-SHOP; BEST LOCATION IN CITY;
established 16 years; bargain. Apply this of-
.' fice. '-■. .- .. -. ;.-.-. ■■■■.■
i |TaRBER SHOP; MUST BE SOLD; $60. Biy
Lf Fourth st. '„.-■.
1 OH MEN TO GET A FIRST-CLASS SHAVE
XUU free. : luquire 639 Kearny at.
■ pOATMAKKR AND GENERAL TAILOR.
\J Apply 24 Sutler v -. ■■■.■- - .-■ :■' ; ■■:
ANTED— 26 MKN MOKE TO COMPLETE
1 j 1»> an expedition to Cooks Inlet. For further in-
-1 I formation apply BEADLE & SWKTT, 14 Call-
-1 fornta st. : . ■ .. ' . . - , ■■
; \Y ANTED— AN IDEA; who CAN THINK of
I *' some simple thing to patent?. Protect your
■ ideas; they may bring you wealth. Wrl c JOHN
1 WkDDERBURN & CO , Dei t. L, latent Attor-
neys, Washlnston, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
. an d 'Ist of 200 Inventions wanted. ; ; '
• VVrANTED— A BOY WHO HAS WORKED AT
" carriage painting. 820 Howard at, ,
TO TAILORS— CO ATM A ERS ANT-
ed. . J. GORDAN, 1124 Market St. :•■■
GOOD VEGETABLE GARDENER FOR HIS
1 board and room. Address P. O. box .133,
; Golden Gate, Alameda County, Cal. : -
-• Wanted-shoemaker TO buy out, at
: Ml cost of tools, the oldest stand in Vallejo. F. J.
LINKLE TElt. ;
1 : \\T AITER WANTED AT 616 MISSION; SOME
; '".experience In cooking. .
ESTAURANT cook wanted at 204
Fourth st. . '-;. • ' • •:. " '■/'■"-.-.
1 PARTNER IN LIGHT, PLEASANT. PROFIT-
x able, established business; small capital re-
-1 quired; permanent position- safe Investment.' Ap-
! ply FRASER, 809b Mission at. " ■ ■'-- '
[ I ' 001. BARBER-SHOP; 2 CHAIRS, LAUN-
. y -* dry office and cigar-stand. > Apply Call office. ■■
1 SOBER.TRUSTWORTHY MAN WITH SMALL
O capital can secure good position as cashier, res-'
aurant, this day. STENBEP.G, 632 Market st. ,
■'. RING THIS ad to 639 kearny AND
. -* * get a good cigar free. . ■ - ; "* ■
- LjAKUKKri— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
' : iJ re'.arv Barbers' Asso., 325 Gran', aye. S. FUCHB.
' |>ARBERV PKOTECIIVE'UNION. EMPLOY-
<j '-» secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
BA BERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
ment - Secy, P. t '. Hnmann, 238% O'Farrell. i
: O-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP: FINE LOCATION":
, O will sacrifice, as party must leave the city. - Ap-
? ply at Call Office. .^>, , .: .- • ' V: - ■►> •' ■;
BARBS.R-!mOPr~AM ADOR COUNTY: GOOD
show for lair barber; $150. Apply to STOLTZ,
630 Market su v. ■ ■■■.■'■ .-■;.; . .'
HELP WANTED^Contlnued.
~D ARBER-SHOP; THE OLDEST 15c »HOP IN
X) the city: lately refitted; on account of death.
See STODTZ, 630 Market st.
GOOD . BARBER-SHOP :: FOR SALE. COR.
vJT Twenty-first st. and Broadway, Oakland.
G~ OOD 1-CHAIK BARBER-SHOP, FOR SALE;
cheap rent. s Jackson and Sansome sts. *
Af USH AND MILK, SOUP, PIE. PODDING OR
lX fruit and two kinds vegetables free with all
j our 10c meals. 639 Kearny st.
OR SALE— ELEGANT BARBER SHOP; 5
-T years' lease. 131 O'Farrell st.
JUST OPEN: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
Pacific St., below Kearny: lodging half price, sc.
10c, 15c pr night;cleanbeds,sunuy roonis.no bunks
ANTED — MEN TO LEARN BARBER
-ii trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given;
catalogue mailed. San Francisco ' Barber School,
1515 Howard st. • .
ATEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
-Li 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention 10 rooming calis; open all night. I
1 f\(\ MEN TO GET A FIRST -CLASS SHAVE i
X\J\l free. Inquire 639 Kearny st.
» ST U MA CUKE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
-£x din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
TTn dell HOUSE." SIXTH AND HOWARD
J ' sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
"L-iorTthe BEST AND cleanest 10-CENT
X? meal try 13% Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
MEN'S %-SOLING 50c; LADIEV 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T IVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
XJ profitable proposition; accident, health and life
Insurance. Call bet. 3 & 5 p. m., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
CIALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
) cheapest repairing done. 969 Howard st., nr
Sixth.
E-T PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. 129 Sixth st. This business for sale.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
St.: 200 rooms; best In the city single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a wpek: meals 10c.
EST IN CITY-SING ■ E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leide3dorff sts.
\XT ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
TT to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150
large rooms; 26c per right; $1 to $3 per week.
1 HO MKiN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
l.\.t\J and 20c a night, including co:ie« and rolls,
624 Washington at., near Kearny.
EN'S SOLES, 50c; HEELS, 25c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
"WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
I 1 your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; dune while you wait.
662 Mission Bt., between First and Second sts.
ROSED ALE HOUSE, 321 KLLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 60c night; tl 10 $4 week: open all night.
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863 MARKET STV^
Rooms 20c, 26c. to 50c. night; $1 to $5 week.
KATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY"
Xt Prompt collections; references. 512 Montg*y.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: readins-
rooni: free bus to and from the ferry. •
W : ANTED— TO COLLECT WAGES DUE
TT laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
llOSntterst. . .-. . ■
PMtEE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a bottl »of lager. sc. at 637 Clay st.
rPKY ACME HOUSE, {ib 7 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading- room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. |
AGENTS WANTED.
OENTii WANTED— EXPERIENCE T^NOT
-"■ necessary; acquire rapidly after beginning
work. HO.i Turk st.
PARTNERS W ANTED.
"L/RUITSTORE — PARTNER WANTED; AN
X I unmarried and sober man with a small capital.
2425 Twenty-third St., near Shotwell. ■
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
T?TR^T^cTA^S^^E^Tls^^W^fTTTrO^Ex"-
X! change dentistry for furniture. C. R., box 105,
this office. *<f
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLETN. 109 Sixth st.: send poscnL
LOST.
YO S T— S 1 L V E R-iTo U^NTED TORToTsE-
XJ shell comb, Monday evening on Mason to
Washington, on Powell to Geary. Return to 1616
Masoast.; reward.
L~OST — RE~WARD: . DIAMOND RING, ON
Market St., opp. Seventh. A liberal reward will
be paid on delivery of same at 6 New Montgomery
St., under Palace Hotel.
OST— LARGE L AC ST. BERNARD DOG;
brindle paws, white breast, weight 138 pounds.
Return to Ratto's Law and Collection Agency, 512
Montgomery st.. and receive reward. .->.;»:,.-,
OST — GENTLEMAN'S DIAMOND RING
J Tuesday on Howard st , near Ninth. Please
return to Dr. POD EL, 1i.07 Howard; reward, $20.
T OST — SMALL PARROT WITH YELLOW
Xj spot under bill; reward. Return 41% West
Mission st. . .
tfjj C REWARD FOR RET URN OF SMALL FE-
<£)*-> male pug to 1016 Mason st.
T OST— PASSBOOK WITH HIBEKNIA SAV-
JJ Ing and Loan Society of San Francisco, In name
of MARY McGUiRE, No. 1901514. Finder
please return to bank. '
"I O^T — ONE 4-TON HYDRAULIC JACK.
Xj Finder please return to PARKE & LACY
COMPAN V. 21 and 23 Fremont: receive reward.
LOST— SATURDAY EVENING. GOLD SCARF
-J pin, pearl settings. Return to 349 Fourth st.
and receive reward. ■
HORSES.
QFN^ETTu>R^E^IA^KE^r22Tv : A^E^^IA^
0 Horses, mules, wagons, buggies and harness.
OR SALE CHEAP — GOOD HORSE AND
wagon; nearly new; trial. 859 Mission st.
EALY'S STOCK- 1701 HARRISON
cor. 13th St., WM. LOCK Manager. Just
arrived, one car of very fine horses: weigh from
1200 lbs to 1400 lbs: several matched teams; 1
carriage team, well matched, color dark brown,
stand 16% lianas high, age coming 7 years old,
sound, kind and gentle for a lady to drive. "
HOHBES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
■" v/ bugeies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
lAl| sets SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
■J.U"' kinds; second-hand wagons, bußSjy, carts;
also 20 cheau horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORDES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Jar. The Hydo Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR EX-
cbange horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find It to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. ■ S. WATKINS, auctioneer, j
"| CA taKTS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAH-
-1 O\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scraperst sand-wagons. 1128 Missions;.
] .R. C. H. WESTPUAL, VETERINARY BUK-
x) treon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall avp. : telephone south 401.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
: r~A~FINE COMBINA^ToN^POoiTAND
tip 11/. billiard table. Apply 1710 Market at.
TTIIRE-PROOF ■■ hAFE WITH . BUR GL A R
X 1 chest; cheap. D.N. HAWi.EY, 318 Market.
ORSE 5 YEARS OLD; WAGON, HARNESS
in Al order. 436 Hayes et, ' '■;•':■
ffljOA FOOT COUNTER, BACK BAR AND
rfp*i\J. mirror. 254 Brannan st.
(3UO?\ GOOD AS NEW: $70 DOMESTIC S^W-
«JpOv7. ing-machine. 191.> Mission st. . •
WHEEL— WATER-POWER, AS -GOOD AS
» 1 ■ new, complete, $30. 908 Broadway. -■
N~ EW SIBLKY TENT (60 FEET) ATA BAR-
galn. Address T., box 97, this office.
|.JOILKRS,ENGINEfs.2I>H AND MACHINERY,
D waterpipos. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
OEALSKINS AND PIANOS FO SALE: HALF
O store prices. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
YNAMO ENGINE, BO t L K R AN D A LOT OF
tools, cheap,' 616 Mission.. ...;
ABY CARRIAGES AND ATI' AN FURNi-
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. : California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
TTSE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
«J bitters in market : buy your wines, liquors, etc.,'
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: free delivery city,. Oak-
land, Alameda. , PUTZMAN & i SCHURMANN,
prop., 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391.
1 UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
I ' doors, mantels, etc for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burg!.-.r proof safe. 109, 111 Market sc
IpIRE^ AND; BURGLAR SAF^ LETTK
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
VTE W RANGES CHEAPER THAN BECONO-
Ii hand. -W. 8. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California su
C\OUKTER S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
/ bought and sold : 1121% Market bet. 7tli and at, a j
■ .;• !■.;; ; : •"■-•"■'• STORAGE. -.'■■.•:-: ■;' "■/■■. '■>
T^W^'sT^R^E^^^RNITUReI PIANOS
XJ household goods, etc. J. M.. Pierce, 735 Market.
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE city FlKE-
proof building; ; advances made. 211;LarKln.
m, H. KOUNKY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X .reduced. rates: basement, storage,sl 50 per load
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern,' plau.
8~ TORAGE OF FURNITURE, £ PIANOS, t:ET&-
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 751 and 763 Market st.
PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
ture, etc. . SHIREK & SHIREK. 747 Market. ;
Wilson BROTHERS. - 1710 market-
, Sturaco; low rates; ; telephone South 762.
BUSINESS CHANCES. i
mo BUY, SELL OR "EXCHANGE 1 A^BUSInTsS
X of any kind see GUS -STRAND. 45 Third st.
"*U 300 BAKERY; MOST CENTRAL LO-
iS>X»J\J\J. cation; same owner 21 ' years: 1 3 A
barrels per day: all store trade; day baking; easily
clears $100 per month: fully equipped to run rlrst-
class place; sickness cause of selling; a weeks'
t /i a or buying: a S°od chance. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st.
ft 1 9^ PARTNER WANTED IN PORK and
r^±^jtj. delicatessen store: clears $50 a month
to each. See PL'S STRAND. 45 Third s'..
ft 900 ( - i ° " El f AND LUNCH HOUSE:
45Thlrd * Pa> ' B We " : bargain. GUS STRAND,
•ft^^O SALOON; NO. 1 LOCATION; GOOD
».IT— <J\J. business; full value in sight; best of
reasons for selling. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
■flßf-J ? >n' > ' PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON;
np\j*j\j. clears over $100 per month to each;
see to-day. PCs STRAND, 45 Third st.
ft 9 "SO GROCERY AND BAR: NO. 1 LOCA-
. * tl0 ' : full value ln si '- nt : nays well;
good living-rooms. GCS STRAND, 45 Third st.
ftq^A FRUIT, NOTIONS, CANDY, ICE
y ° V*. cream, coffee and lunch parlor: tine lo-
cation; building included. IRAN D,45 Third.
ft-l'^o BAKERS; GOOD TRADE; HORSE
SP^tlU.tndffagon. PUS STRAND, 45 Third.
ft^SO GROCERY AND BAR; PAYS WELL;
VdJOOXJ. offer wanted. GUS STRAND, 45 Third.
"D EST A U RANT-NO. 1 LOCATION; GOOD
-it paying place; well fitted up; best reason for
selling: price reasonable. GUS ND 45 Third.
©I r^A PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCHER
yP J -* J \j. shop; clears per month each; exps-
rience unnecessary. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
%1 IRA FIRST-CLASS SALOON NEAR
J.UV. Baldwin Hotel: trade of $25 per day;
2 entrances: sprivaterooms: handson-.ely fitted up;
cheap at $2000. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
I ''OR SALE-CHEAP; CIGAR-STORE AND
fixtures; $100. STRAND & CO.. 45 Third st.
RANCH BAKERY AND VARIETIES: SUN-
-1 > ny furnished rooms. STRAND & CO. 45 Third.
\\r ANTED-STEADY MAN IN COMMISSION
" house; will pay $75 per month; cash re-
qulred, $300. See OUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
"VTOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-Ll promptly for cash. HEALY &CO.. 23 Kearny.
ft 9o o o HOTEL FOR SALE; 34 ROOMS,
tp^d\J\J\J. bar, dining-room and kitchen; kept
by present owner 11 years,, who Is now retiring
to live on his property across the bay; this is a
mechanics' hotel; Is always full of roomers: located
in a manufacturing neighborhood; ;his is a fine
opportunity to get a paying business. Apply W.
F. HEALY CO., 23 Kearny st,
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER LIQUOR
store: business of $30 per day: trial before
purchasing. Apply HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
ft 190 GROCERY, BAKERY AND VA-
tiPIsLXJ. riety store; kept by present owner 6
years: rooms: bargain. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
ffl» Q Z7\~ WOOD, COAL, HAY AND FEED
tJpUUV/. business for sale; 30 stalls, 3 horses,
wagons; cheap at $600. HEAI^Y <t CO., 23 Kearny.
ffljOAA BUTCHER BUSINESS FOR SALE
tITOVU. at the Mission: all cash trade: clearing
$76jper month. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
ft 1 1 HO HOTEL; FINE BAR; 29 ROOMS.
<g)l±Ul/. DECKER, 102O.Market st.
©400 CANDY -STORE AND FA(rTORY;
<$-±\JV. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ft^kOO RESTAURANT: FINE LOCATION;
t]T)UUU. DECKER, 10 JO Market st.
f 7AA GROCERY AND BAR: FINE COR-
Vi) iyyjjDer. DECKER, 1020 Market.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS RIGHT AWAY-
see or send to STANLEY. 21 1/2 Third st.
ft *>( Ml DELICACY STORE; SPLENDID
tjpOUV/.. business: large stock: fine fixtures;
suit man and wife or 2 Indies. STANLEY. 21 1/2 3d.
fIjOXA "CIGARS, NOTIONS, ETC. LOW
«]pZ(tJV. rent; bargain. STANLEY, 21 V 2 Third.
0* 1 &(\ PARTNER WANTED IN GOOD PA Y-
<t£)±O\J. ing business. STANLEY. 21 V 2 Third.
RESTAURANT WORTH $850: FINE
•iiP^OXJ. location: good, steady, profitable trade;
a snap; to see is to buy. STANLEY', 211/3 Third.
SACRIFICE-PAYING RESTAURANT ON
Kearny St.; receipts $20 to s2s daily; lowrent;
make offer. JOHNSTON. 26% Kearny.
(&kk(l A No. 1 RESTAURANT; BIG BAR-
f^pOOyJ. .gain: very central; receipts $30 daily;
low rent. JOHNSTON & CO., 26V2 Kearny st.
ft9^o PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
t]p.«-«JU. established over 10 years; guaranteed
to clear $20 weekly to each. 26% Kearny st. v
\\T ANTED— STEADY MAN AS PARTNER IN
" paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, 26y Kearuy st.
"©"1 r^nO $500 CASH, BALANCE IN small
<t\i>J-O\j\J . payments; saloon, 3 doors from Mar-
ket St.; established years; must sell; death in
family. WILKE & WOLFE. 531 California st.
ftP\OO SACRIFICE; RESTAURANT
fjpO\jy'. $20 day; finely fitted: must sell;
offer wanted; trial given. BARRETT & SKIFF,
921 Market st.
&kXA BARGAIN; DELICACY AND
<rpo«JV/. produce business, with horse, wagon
and route: cheap at $800: finely fitted; large
sock; 4 rooms. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Mar-
ket st.
©99?. MARKET-STREET SALOON; FINE
*jA~~.tJ. place: pays will ; must sell on account of
sickness: snaD. BARRETT & SKIFF, 92I Market.
<Sl9fifi BIG BARGAIN; PAYING COFFEE
«D— Uli. saloon; vicinity Sixth and Market;
worth $500. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
ftl 100 CORNER GROCERY: RECEIPTS
JL -IUU. $1300 month; full value In stock and
fixtures; rent $40; rooms. BARRETT SKIFF,
921 Market st.
C»QAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
t\PO\J\J. with living-rooms: full value in stock;
rent $25: kept by present owner 8 years: rare
chance. Call WILKE&WOLF, 631 California, r. 4.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BLSl-
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ftjAO ELEGANT DELICACY AND
*JpT:t-»U. produce business; cheap rent; big
stock; good business and an elegant bargain; ob-
ject of selling, family East; lino livirg-rooins in
connection: investigate this bargain. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ffIMOAA FINE CORNER CYCLERY; 24
tJP-L OUV7. first-class wheels; . business estab-
lished; doing well: cheap rent; right in desirable
locality, near park; if you want a cyclerr busi-
ness, investigate. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<JU r r . TINWARE, GRATEWARE AND
<$OO\'. stove store, tinshop and plumbing busi-
ness; connected living-rooms: cheap reiit; horse
and wagon: on good paying basis; going East;
stock Invoices $850. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
avenue. ■
ft9oo CIGAR-STAND; GOOD LOCALITY:
tiTA-vU. cheap rent; stock invoice near amount
asked: investigate this place, T. LUBELSKI. 7
City Hall aye.
ft 1 WOO FIRST-CLASS CASH CORNER
tjpxuvm. grocery and bar: guarantee receipts
$500 to $600 per month; will sell at invoice price;
trial given; investigation allowed to suit buyer-
all new stock on hand. PROLL & LLOYD. 719
Market st. .
££, ( A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR. ONE
;-i \J'J\J. block from City Hall; living-rooms-
Rent $35; good business: must fell: family
trouble. Inquire WILKE <S WOLF, 531 Califor-
n ia, room 4. •'>■■■■,
000 ON ACCOUNT OF TOO MUCH
«jp X V \J\J . business for proprietor to handlealone,
one-half, of most, popular, best-paying uptown
livery and boarding stable in this city Is offered for
sale at a sacrifice; 20 first-class boarders: 15
horses, bugxles, hack, coupe, wagons, carts, har-
ness, robes, etc.: best in the market; " clears $2bO
per month: incoming partner to take charge of
office, collecting, look after help, etc; this is a bar-
gain 6t $1500: investigate. GEO. STEWART.
602 Market su, Crocker building, downstairs.
( ft 9 7» GOOD-PAYING SALOON ; CMEaP
«jpZi 10. rent; rooms. HEGARTY, 1004 Mar-
ket st. • :
ft9^o SAMPLE-ROOM CLOSE TO CABLE-
tjp^uw. house and transfer point; 1 block from
Market st.; rent $18: bargain; must sell to-day.
ILKE A WOLF, 531 California, room 4.
I AKiKY AND.CANDY: 2 LIVING, FUR-
» : r.'3hed rooms: bargain; retiring. 1243 Mission.
ALLAN' CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,
NE. cor. Everett St., for sale.
/1 ROCERY AND SALOON; MUST BE SOLD;
VJ a bargain. Call 332 Main St.
BA ERY, NOTION AND STATIONERY
store for sale. 909 Bryant st.
ESTAURANT ; MUST BE SOLD IN 3 DAYS;
Xh come make offer. 17 Thir:le:h st.
PA YING RESTAURANT; MUST HE SOLD
to-day; make offer. 617 Mission st.
PERFECTION WINDOW SCREENS; TERRI-
-I torial rights for sale; absolutely moat perfect
window screens ever made; patented in 1894;
cheaper and more durable than ordinary screens';
can be taken apart and removed in a minute and
a hundred of them stored in your trunk; ,be sure
to see them before you buy elsewhere; drop us a
postal and we will call and show them to you. E
SHANNON. 304 Montgomery sU . - • •
ARTNER WANTED WITH SMALL CAPI-
tal in manufacturing business: the only one on
the coast: no Sunday or night work; ■ English pre-
ferred. 8731/3 Market st. ■ . .
9*^o SALOON AND LUNCH-CO
tJD^-iUU. on Mission st; good stock and fixtures-
must soil. CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st.
LUNCH-HOUSE FOR SALE IN BEST LO-
i cality of city; 5c and 10c lunch with beer or
coffee; no knowledge of business' necessary: only
part of payment required. Further particulars
614 Clay st. .
PARTNER — FINE - FURNISHED EESTAU-
rant; good location; good business; small in-
vestment; owner wants shorter hours. , box 7,
Call.
jjUTCHERS, ATTENTION— I HAVE- FOR
•'' sale a -class shop: f: mily 1 trade- estab-
lished over 20 years; owner must sell: r;?frUer»-
tor, marble-tops, etc.; sell for price of fixtures-
pood paying trade.*. J. J. MASON, Real .Estate',
Berkeley. [■:.■■ y ■ ■ ■ • . ■ .  ■■..,,■'.
HDES TAURANT FOR SALE AT A SACKIFICE",
J-W- $260, in santa Rosa; best location in town- 6
private boxes and main room of 7 tables; A No. 1
ranse; all cooking utensils, cutlery, dishes, tables
chairs and everything necessary for carrying on
the restaurant business. For particulars address
box 59, Santa Rosa, Cal. —•-■-,- -< 
AIT ARTINEZ HOTEL TO ; RENT; TERMS
reasonable; 56 rooms; .In good order ;- D J
WEST, Mariinez._C»l. . I
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$2000 $.000- — — — —
BAKERY i — : AT A SACRIFICE.
Must be sold this week. itetirin?.
STENBERGCO.. 632 Market, opp. Palace 'I. -. .
ffl>/|OK CORNER SALOON: CITY FRONT:
tjp"±-ijc). private rooms; big lunch during day:
full value stock, fixtures: disagreement partner-
ship only reason for selling. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st. ■
(JT.-1 .(All HALF INTEREST WELL-ESTAB-
•f 1 J_ tit/". lished cash business; best location;
clearing over $125 each; has trade of most lead-
ing hotels and business houses: remaining part-
ner responsible business man: full investigation
allowed. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
rtjTTjifTEf CORNER CIGAR-STORE. TRANS-
tJ)Z^iJ. fer point; sells account of old age: will
prove paying business: present owner four years;
big bargain. SI ENBEKO & CO.. 632 Market.
rtu  ,- f\ PROVISION-STORE; GOOD STOCK
»ij!tr«_)l/. and fixtures: cheap rent: business will
satisfy any reasonable buyer: sacrificed this week
for reason explained. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market st. , ■ ■ ■ "> - . . ■ . .
fli..7'n SALOON: OLD ESTABLISHED COR-
<lr I 01*. ner in the Western Addition; ladies and
gents tamale laieinthe ar: doing a good busi-
ness; fair stock; departure cause for selling; trial
before buying If desired. Call bet. 12 aud 1, C. T.
MARTIN, 6 Eddy st. - • /
\\[ ANTED— BUY AN INTEREST IN AN
»» established business, byayouupnian who will
take an active part in its management ; no liquors.
Address with particulars K. H., box 165, Call.
AIRURESSING BUSINESS FOR SALE: NR.
Baldwin Hotel. Address 11., box 105, Call.
AKF.RY, NOTION AND CANDY-STORE;
opposite school. B. N., box 27, Call.
PARTNER WITH $50 TO BUN LODGING-
I bouse and saloon. Apply 2413 Twenty-fourth.
1r»OR SALE BUTCHER SHOP IN
good locality. Apply H. M., box 55. Call office.
/"■< OOD BUSINESS FOR SALE FOR $150;
V3T downtown. Call 722 Howard St.
pOALYARD— CHEAP; NICE HOUSE, WITH
J yard; horses, wagons, scales, etc.; long lease;
lowrent. Apply Call Office.
/"I ANDY STORE FOR SALE. 261 THIRD ST.
ft 1 '-JO CIGAR-STAND; GOOD LOCALITY;
<p 1 OU. cheap rent. Apply at Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS BUSINESS IN RUNNING OR-
-I der; a good chance for the right man- $150
1604 Webster at., Alameda.
POR SALE— CHEAP, A GOOD-PAYING SA-
X 1 loon, in pood locality; must be sold at once on
account of sick neas. Apply 624 Sacramento st.
C~ IHICKEN RANCH; 1000 LAYING HENS.
\J Apply BEAR & BUCKLEY, 1311 -Stockton.
TO OR SALE — A GOD- PAYING CANDY*
-L store: established 12 years; best locality: Ion?
lease; clearing over $100 a month: rare chance for
moderate investment; full Investigation allowed.
See owner at 22 sixth st.
PARTNER— FURNITURE AND STORAGE;
X good business: great bargain. 414 McAllister.
BARGAIN — GOOD- PA^ iNG CORNER SA-
loon and lodging-house In business part of city ;
present party conducting business for twelve
years: reason for selling, death ln family. Apply
thi3 office. ;
TTAVINGGONE IN DIFFERENT BUSINESS
-LA I offer my old-established place, the Mocha
Cafe, for sale very cheap, for cash or installments.
621 Montgomery st. or 236 Sutler.
LA OF MEANS DESIRES GENTLEMAN
partner with $50 capital. R. 22, 105 Stockton.
ADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER
with $25; paying proposition. 12 Mason, rm. 2.
ALOON TO LET, FIXTURES AND 2 FUR-
nlshed rooms; rent 920. 350 Brannan st.
EGARDLESS OF COST, FINE RESTAU-
rant; location very good. Apply Call Office.
CIASH PAID FOR ALL KINDS OF GROCER-
) ies and other merchandise; city or country.
Address R, box 161, Call Office.
p ROCERY. BAR, NEW STOCK, NICE Fix"
VT tures; long established; with 4 sunny rooms;
whole house, rent $20. must sell at once; small
capital. Call at this office.
OR RENT— IN EXCHANGE FOR BOARD,
fine dining-room of large hotel. Apply 921
Broadway. Oakland, room 10.
WARE CHANCE— A FIXE GROCERY, BAR
-Lv and cigar store for sale: splendid location;
cause of sale must leave for north. 444 Van Ness.
TOCK OF POULTRY RANCH, CLOSE TO
O Oakland; 500 pure bred fowls hatched from
prize stock; horse and wagon, Incubators, brooder,
bone and feed mills and tools: large income from
sale of eggs for hatching; long lease; low rent, E.
HILL. Donohoe building.
ft 19^0 BLACKSMITH AND WAGON
KT>i-^O\r. shop, doing a good business of from
$350 to $500 monthly. Apply JOSEPH J
MASON. Berkeley station.
171 OR SALE— GOLD MINE. ADDRESS G. M.,
_ box 92. Call Office.
SALOON FOR SALE: LOW RENT; LONO
lease. Apply Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
QOOk CIGAR-STAND ON MARKET ST.:
tjpO^jtJ. location good. 873 a Market St., rm. 2.
If OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR CHEAP*
X 721 Polk st.
ft9^o CIGAR-STAND AND LAUNDRY
<t£)±jU\J. office; cheap rent; laundry clears $28
a month; good location. Call at 243 Fourth st.
lodging-houses for sale.
I ODG ING-HOUSE OF~7i>~ ROOMS?~NEAR
XJ Kenrny St.; steady roomers: very cheap for
cash; low rent. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
. i.Bfinw LODui NO-HOUSE.
T:t: PRICE $700— WORTH $'^000
19-room house on Sutler St.; payments $1100
12-room house on Mason st 275
20 rooms on Fourth st., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st ." 750
45 rooms on Market st  2500
H. C. PECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Of* ROOMS, NICELY FURNISHED; NEAR
O\J Baldwin; $1200. PECKER, 1020 Market st.
ODGING-HOUSE: MUST BE SOLD ON AC-
J count leaving city: clearing $35 a month;
price $250. Addres C, box 3, Call Office.
EXPECTABLE ROOMING-HOUSE OF 38
rooms; clears $150 per month. Address owner,
and save agent's commission, 1216 Broadway
Oakland.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FIRE SALE ! ~*~*
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ,*lB 50 •
Bed lounges 9 g 00
Stoves 7 so
Carpets, peryard..... «, 65
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
: stand. Till such time we are conducting business-
. m SB. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN. . . ■. ,-,;. .
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BfcD-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, "0c per step; furniture exebged. 773 Mission.
/LOO CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
rz\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: foldlng-bedi,
$10; bed- ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE. NEW $75
tr uedlounges trimmed with plush .$5 53
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 400 up
Window shades in s colors 250 up
BHIREK & SHIRKK, 747 Market it. " opposita
c-rant avenue: no branch stores.
1 1
FURNITURE WANTED.
\Yr ANTED ' — SECOND-HAND FURNITURE
»» for country: pay good price. 7 City Hall aye.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 l.arkiu.
KFORE HELLING . YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market."
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
« ture, saloons. and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
pALL ON J. C- MOTHER, 621 KEARNY, IF
V you want highest onsh price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
AM ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
QHiPr*. I.«»nvf orders at Kf N'O'S, 3 Fourth »v
CARPET CLEANING.
WHEN YOU^BIiC^M^^DiISG^TSTEirwiTH
" poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car- ■
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tenama st. ; tel. So. 40.
CIONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 333
/ Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.'
JON CO! .CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
p RKAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
VT ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
CITY Si CARPET CLEANING, REVO VA-
' Ung. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
Ing works; latest Improved machinery ; 3c yard.
G.GEORGE.offIce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 25*
O A Jf XK i TS CLEANED. 3° PER YARD; K&
\J laid. 6c per yard. S. STRAITON, ltf Eighth.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED"
\J like new. FERGUSON &CO. 23 Tenth- t^,L
South at?. D. MACKINTOSH &CU. successor^.
T M . ITC «} iI 'U'ARi'KTCLKAMX(i CO.. 240
O . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
T MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RE V-'
J . ovatlr,? works. 453 N'Pve,,so n; t >l. withm
ATTORNEYS- ~~
t i nded^awj^VE.att'y J at^\" e B5O Market
.MVJi« i tV t^ M *,™g»=v.AsES»rr-7T5
W -^^^l!ng^g
PHYSICIANS.
T^^^^^^^suTnT^
tne worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall
R^a?^S~ d*". °- O'DONNELL TO 120«
xv Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialtr.HOUSES TO LET.
fro LET— A THoli6^'frHI?YnRlE^OVATEI>^-
A room house: modern plumbing; porcelain bath-
tub: Hied sink. Apply at premises, 2620 Sacra-
mento St., between 8 a. m. and 5 p. m.
flPl/« FIVE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH: 624
*ITAU. Locust aye., off Lacuna St., nr. McAllister.
■TU.nK 2-STORY HOUSE; STABLE; 9 ROOMS;
X bath; modern Improvements; reasonable rent
to right parties. 618 Fell st.
TO LET — AN ELEGANT NEW MODKRN
A house: 9 rooms, bath ana finished basement;
8119 Jackson st.: marine view: rent reasonable.
WILL E. FISHER A CO.. 14 Post st.
ELEGANT SUNNY' HOUSE: 8 ROOMS;
large basement; reasonable. 814 McAllister.
"9Q LAFAYETTE— HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS,
<-t/ bath; wash trays. . . •
QJR 1731 BROADWAY, NR. GOUGH ST.-
1«J. Houses rooms, with every convenience:
marine view.
ORNER ELEVENTH AND MINNA—
fiats, 6 «nd 11 elegantly frescoed rooms, baths;
all sn»ny: $30 and $37 50; water paid by tenants.
WE RENT MANY' HOUSES BECAUSE WE
»* treat people right. BALD IN & HAM-
MUND. 10 Montgomery si.
CH A P ST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
I nited istates or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ago free. "~
FURNISHED HOUSES. ~
"U<OR SALE — FURNITURE OF 8 SUNNY
X rooms and bath: rooms all rented: cheap for
cash. Address F. F., box 44, Call Office.
I [BURNISHED FLAT, 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
J- reasonable. 116 a Fourteenth st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY S-ROO^rrOTT^G^T^LEXsXNTLY
situated; rear of 1615 Grove St., near Lyon.
COTTAGE; 4 BOOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
-1 ments; sunny yard: large cellar. 1831 O'Farrell.
COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS TO LET; 1305 ELLIS
\J st. Inquire 1221 Lagnna st.
SUNNY' COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
bath: basement : yard. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
FLATS TO LET.
8 MODERN SUNNY 1 LATS^ON~CAp"p""sTr
bet. Mission and Howard, Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, containing 5 and 6 rooms, baths,
mantel fireplaces, with large separate back yard,
etc. : rent will suit you. Call at office, O'Faßß'elL
& CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
ODERN 2-STORY' DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. JAMES McCONAHEY', 1149
Mission at. ■ • • -.••>♦-?•*.■
R EDUCED RENT — 1241 TWENTY-THIRD
St., near Castro; modern sunny upper 6-room
flat; rent $16; water free.
T> EDUCED RKNT— 23 PROSPER ST., OFF
XX, Sixteenth, near Market: modern sunny upper
B-room flat; rent $16; water free.
17ILAT 7 ROOMS, BATH AND NICE STORE:
: separate or together. 320 Hayes st.
9Q HAIGHT — FLAT 4 SUNNY' ROOMS;
*J~O garden; large yard : $14.
*J(iQ GROVE— SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS, AL-
*J\J\J cove, bath: rent reasonable.
Q1 O 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
-0 AO. teenth at., above Valencia.
Q1 7 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT: B LIGHT
5 l I . rms.: bath; gas; tubs. 909Folsom, nr. sth
UPPER FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BASEMENT;
cheap rent. 223^ Linden aye. . .
T?LAT Of 4 ROOMS, 410 HARRISON, $12, IN-
J eluding water. ■.* „> .- -
I^LAT OF 3 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
. housekeeping, $15. 1087 Howard st.
"V'KW 3 AND 4 ROOM I. AT $10 AND $11.
Xi 8 and 10 Lunssatt aye., near Haight and Fill-
more sts.
19AO GOUGH— ELEGANT UPPER FLAT OF
J — \JO 7 rooms and bath
1I QQ HOWARD ST.— NICE FLAT, 4 ROOMS;
X lot) cheap rent. •:-:-■■/•"■.■»
QIO CONVENIENT 7-ROOM FLAT; NO
C>IO. dark rooms; bath, closets and elevator;
•i 946 Un'on su, Oakland. See KCENIG &
KROLL. 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
4' AND 5 ROOMS; BATH: $11, $1?. $13;
electric lines. 4585 a. 4587, 4591 a Eighteenth.
1 Ol n EDDY, NRTj.AGUNA— SUNNY' SIDE;
-I *- JLU elegant flat; 5 rooms, bath. Key In rear.
QIC 475 VA LKN CIA ST., NEAR SIX-
«J1O. teenth: 6 rooms and bath. ASHTON dfc
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
HOWARD COURT, FOURTH— UPPER
floor: 5 sunny looms, $14; lower 4 rooms, $13.
9 ELEGANT FLATS; 5 KOOMs; ALL LATKST
- 'rnrr«ypmPTHs. ID and 141 flrove.nr. City Hall.
I I , -i^i.^.-i-:. .\f,iH -UTTKK— LOWER
I OU • flat, 5 modern laree sunny rooms; bath.
SUNNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1700 Post.
FLAA SANCHEZ. NJEAR 19TH (FLAT B)— 4
Oirt rooms, bath; sunny; decorated and modern.
5540 822 HOWARD ST.. NEAR FOURTH,
<:. 1". 12 rooms and bath, ASH TON, 411 Mont-
gomery st. . -... •- -
MODERN SUNNY UPPER 4-KOOM FLAT
1694 Page st., cor. Clavton, Go. den Gate Park.
WANTED — GOOD TKNANTS FOR NEW
»» flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st.
WE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
»» treat people right. BALDWIN it HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
TyEBSTER 207-209-SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
»» 7 rooms; rent $25. $27 60.
"U" LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
Aj low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY" CALL, sent to any address in the
. United States or Canada one rear for $1 50, post-
ag free.
HOUSEKEEPING ROO3IS.
California Street.
9^O"| CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANT FUR-
— OOX nlshed rms.honskping: cheap; after 4 p.m.
Clementina Street.
Of>9l CLEMENTINA — 3 NEATLY FUR-
«JU— '.» nlshed rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
Eddy Street.
"I "1 Q EDDY— 3 SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUBE-
J-J-O keeping; other newly furnished rooms-
*6up. - .;,
FolKoin Street.
'Q FOLSOM— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
000 for housekeeping: range; hot, cold water.
OX FOLSOM— TWO OR FOUR NICELY
yJOO furnished housekeeping rooms.disconnected
Howard Street.
79Q HOWARD ST.— OR 3 SUNNY
I Z.t-> housekeeping rooms: cheap rent.
Market Street.
QQ' MARKET-NICK SUITE OF HOUSE-
*Jk/*J keeping rooms; reasonable.
Minna Street.
54f> Ixx >- FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
*J~t\) housekeeping; large yard.
Mitisinn street.
9 LARGE SUNNY ; WELL - FURNISHED
Z housekeeping rooms. 945 Mission. laa^ u
>atoma Street.
pORNER NINTH AND NATOMA —SUN
\J ny front furnished rooms for light nousekeen-
Ing; also single; entrance 741 Natoma st? P
New Montgomery street.
FARGO 'HOUSE, 105 NEW MONTGOMERY-
T Housekeeping rooms In suites of 2 complete for
$ 1 75 per week and upward ; also single rooms' 16c
per night and upward. w-m O 10c
. Ninth Street. ~~~ "
NINTH - • CORNER ROOMS COM-
O\J£i pletely furnished for housekeeping: rent
Post Street.
1 01 CA POST-TWO NICELY FURNISHED
X\J XO sunny housekeeping rooms, en suite or
single.
Buss Street.
A A RUSS— SUNNY, FRONT BAY-WINDOW
"i room with kitchen {complete for housekeeping.
Scott Street.
"1 "I SCOTT— 2 SUNNY ROOMS; PARTLY
XJL»> furnished for housekeeping.
■-ixth Street.
"I 91 SIXTH— PEST IN " THE CITY;
X4jX cozy housekeeping rooms and single.
(\l\~\ 1 SIXTH— 2 OR 3 SUNNY FURNISH-
IOV/X3 ed rooms for housekeeping.
Seventh Street.
1 3fi SEVENTfI-2 LARGE FRONT HOUSE-
J *J\J keeping rooms, yard: reasonable single
rooms; *1.
1 4-9 £ EV ENTH — SUITES, SINGLE AND
xrLt* housekeeping: suitable for doctor or dentist.
tevenson Street.
JAD STEVENSON, COR. OF FIFTH-2 FUR-
rX\JO nlshtd rooms for housekeeplne. • -.
Mockion Street.
Ol Xl BTOCKTON-2 OR 3 SUNNY HOUSE-
OXO-£ keeping rooms; cheap. ;
1 £90 « TOCI <TON ST.-a OR 3 SUNNY
XVJ—\J rooms; complete for housekeeping; cheap.
Third Street. ■-• -■ • .
OQ A THIRD - 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE
00~1 keeping rooms: water Included; rent *6.
Valencia Street.
91 Kb valkncia-large SUNNY bay- I
jCXO window rooms, complete; housekeepini;. ;'-
-7J7rTvA"LENCIA - NICKLY FURNIBHKD
* 'l/'X sunuy rooms for liouaek«eplnK, .
5°. OMS TO LET.
-Broadway.
1 081 OADWAY, NEAR JONES— LARGE
a ( -'- 1 - front room, suitable for 2 gentlemen;
private.
. Bush Street.
R9^ BUSH— 2NtCELY FURNISHED SUNNY
\j±.u rooms: 1 large front room for 1 or 2.
"1 41 Q BUSH-LARGE ALCOVE: PLEASANT
xn.Lfj home; private family: reasonable; refncs
California Street. ' .'
1 Rl 7 CALIFORNIA, NEAR NICELY
xux I furnished front room; private family;
cheap. .
Eddy Street.
"1 9 EDDY— LARGE SUNNY CORNER BAY-
X^i -window or suite and side rooms. ■
49 A *DDY— WELL- FURNISHED LARGE
rZsUKJ sunny front room.
fil Q EDDY— LARGE, SUNNY, NICELY FUR-
\JX U nUhed room.
>-iClitn Street.
C HERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 28 BTH
kJ st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
X Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened ; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, con tat nine 160 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and fire escapes: situate convenient to . the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct 10 ferry and park pass the
door.
1- ulmiiii Street.
7OX FOLSOM— BS MONTH: SINGLE SUNNY
• OO furnished front room.
7^it FOLSOM-NICE SUNNY ROOMS: FINE
1 O~± location; suitable for one or two.
1 FOLSOiI— SUPERIOR sunny HOUSE-
I--U keeping rms. in front: bath: garden; $9.
tieary Street.
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites and single rooms
also suitable apartments for physician. 1101
Geary st., cor. Van Ness aye.
Golden bate Avenue.
rjOfl GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE FUR-
I O\J nlshed room; housekeeping; $10.
Grove Street.
1 AX GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
XVJO front rooms: $7 50. $8. •
.Jackson Street.
1 F\H?a JACKSON, BET. POLK AND LARKIN
XO\JO —Nicely furnished room.
Jones Street.
90.7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—U I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to S3O.
».vurnv street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLBA9-
-/A ant sunny rooms, en suit* and single: first cla&i
in every respects terms reasonable.
AlarKn'- Miree;.
OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
A night, 35c to $1: week. $1 60 to $5: families.
3iiim» street.
m MINNA. COR. SECOND, AND 81 NA-
toma, cor. Second— Furnished rooms; very
clean; prices reasonable; new owner.
Q7l MINNA— LARGE SUNNY BACK BASE-
O • A room; stove; closets; private family.
RR7 MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
DO i furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
3. lKsion ■"■■rem. ■."-.>'
QQQ MISSION— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS S4,
000 $6 and $8 per month; sunny; convenient.
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Fine Street.
Cl 4 PINE, NEAR KEARNY— FURNISHED
UJLt: rooms by day, week or month.
■"■>/;"■..'■';..."- Post Street. .
7A9 POST. NEAR JONES-LARGE ROOM;
1 U«£ running water; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
i'owell Street.
99;: POWELL, COR. GEARY-LARGE BASE-
— — .• ' ment-room and one sunny corner up-stalrs.
Scott Street.
I£l A OR 4 UNFURNISHED RMS.;
-I"-L"x bath; laundry; garden.
Seventh Street.
1 07 SEVENTH ST.— FURNISHED ROOMS,
101 from $1 a week up; housekeeping and
transient.
--; - . Stevenson Street. ■- - - •'
JO" STEVENSON, NR. FIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
•±Zi»J large rooms; yard; basement: first floor.
>■ utter >treet.
AA SUTTER, CORNER POWELL— FLAT OF
OxJyJ 6 sunny unfurnished rooms; suitable for
physician or oculist; use of reception-room,
THK ALEXANDRIA^ 781 SUTTER— KLE-
«ant rooms: first-class dining-room: elevator.
Taylor Street.
"1 AQ TAYLOR — LARGE DOUBLE ROOM;
X\JU running water: closet; $8; others.
1 AQ TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED BUN-
XrtO ny front room hot water; bath in connec-
tion. .
Ihird Street-
TIT-INCHEPTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market: most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night; *1 60 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r*m : tree bus.
Turk Street.
mTURK - 3 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
rooms, nicely furnished: reference; exclu-
sive use of kitchen. i*. .
1 1 t* TURK— BKAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE;
AA\J newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional. . •
. ' BOARDING AND ROOMS.
q^O^TWENTIKTH. B ET. V ALKNcTa AND
O\J£O Guerrero— Board and room for two and
single room: first class; private family. '
QOC POST, NR. HYDE— NICKLY FURNISHD
000 large front room; good board; 1 or 2 gents.
"VTICELY FURNISHED SUNNY ALCOVE
-Li room and connecting suite; board; central;
reference; private house. P. H.. box 64. Call. .
STJNNY ROOMS, WITH BOARD; FIRST AND
0 second floors; single or en suite; private; cen-
tral: reasonable. 2324 Cbannlng way, Berkeley.
VTICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNBUR-
XI passed for neatness and comfort: 50c, 75c and
$1 per day: $2, $2 60, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmekr's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GKUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
OTEL BERTLINO. 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
em conveniences. .
CHILDREN BOARDED.
W"^^ANTKD-^i OR^SmL^RiEN >^O~BOARD;
¥' good home. 1043% Valencia st.
ANTED— BABY TO WETNURSE. 1011
Alabama. . ' ■
WANTED— I OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD
• * with respectable people; good home. 1508%
Central aye.
47 ft JESSIE-LADY WOULD LIKE INJ*ANT
I U> to board: mother's care.
/'9] PINE— INFANT OR CHILD BOARDED;
U*jX healthy home: best of care.
OFFICES TO LET.
SPR^CJCE^S~^UILD?NGi 9^7^MAiTkET^
Elegant sunny. omces: low rent; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
lng or G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
SPRKCKELB BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
H . E DENTAL OFFICE" OF DX. JAMES ED-
a WARDS. 5iA Kearny st., to let on May 1. An-
P»y J. A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis St.
n^y FORNIA safe DEPOSIT BUILDING—
\J offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
M^o h A ' K^rg ing ha M Sbt:> - ApP ' y at r °° m
STORES TO LET. ~
J?^~^R?~P^LciF7c^A^D~irv^E^^
XI and 2 rooms, suitable for drugstore.
41 H ?' OUKTH -SMALL STOKE. WITH ROOM
?rvVr-i?TJ >f nt low - A PP'y to G - H - "MB-
SK.N & CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
_STABtES TO LET. ~
OEAUTIFUL LAR(7E~ST^LET"2IirCALT-
»cl f building: rent ChCap - Apply ™* 28, Chron-
' LEGAL NOTICES.
MOTICETOCREpiTORS-ESTATEbF JULIA
IV A. M. CO.. LIN deceased. Notice Is hereby
given by the undersigned, administratrix of the es-
tate of said deceased, to the creditors of. and ail Dei-
sons having claims against the said deceased to ex
hlbit them with the necessary vouchers within four
months after the first publication of this notice to
the said administratrix, at the office of Page Mc-
Cntehen & Eells, room 6, ninth floor. Mills build-
ing, the same being the place for the transaction
of the ' business of the said estate, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California. , ,
BERTHA L. ANDERSON, administratrix of
the estate of JULIA A. M. COLLINS, deceased.
1 Dated at San Francisco. April 1, 1896. . .
, SEWING MACHINES. : :
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD,' EXCHANGED,
\ xx rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth 41.
THE SAJN JTKAJNUIBCO CALL, AVEDNESDAY. APRIL 22, 189f5.
, PERSONALS.
TN FORMATION WANTED^THi~ADDIiESS
X or Information of ALICE ALLISON (or KL-
LISON) ; maiden name ALICE DROGE: last heard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address D. BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cal.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-TV- dally; private: no charee unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 860 Market st
1?IRE-ESCAPE NOTICES ARE REQUIRED
■1- by law; Hill makes them. 22 Geary st. I
"ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
J' ing. NO LTE, jeweler and watch 222 O'Farrell.
A N ENGLISH LADY, FROM. LONDON, WILL
jcx. show her American sisters, FREE, how to
obtain and preserve a lovely complexion. 143
Phelan building, from 12 to 6. . .
DON'T '1 HINK BECAUSE MY PRICE— 2SC-
is cheap for halrdresslng, that the work is also
cheap; I guarantee up-to-date service. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st. ' -
PICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
X inches, 10c: Bxlo and 10x12, 16c; 11x14 and 12
xl 6, 20c: 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 36c; 20x
34. 45c; 22x28 inches. 60c. JONES, 647 Mission.
fl> 1 A KOOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
tip -i- floor. 206 Leaven worth st.
rpEMPLE OF BEAUTY', 923 MARKET ST.,
A opposite Mason California laurel hairdye and
removing superfluous hair specialties. *
DR. F. PANCOAST, DENTIST. REMOVED
from Phelan bldg to 6 O'Farrell, cor. Grant aye.
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
\\r ILL T. VALENTINE.MERCHANTTAILOR,
'" removed from 9 Powell st. to 516 Geary st.
MAUD— THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter su, phone main 49. SAM.
DR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
XJ 227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldg.r. 2,tel.maln 6477.
"LILECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
JU Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 26c to $160 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
if air Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
rpRY' TUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
A catarrh. 132 Sixth St., room 2.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 636 McAllister st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER^ GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
A and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors. J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
rriHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT.
A 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 6c; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
1 Itftfl CARDS, $150: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
JU >UU tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary St., r. 39.
OURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
X> Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
T IB Ell A L ADVANCES ON DIAMOND^ JEW-
AJ elry. etc. : lowest rates. 48 Market st.
/CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cosu Fact«rr. 29 Bani«me St.. upstairs.
HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. - ■ ■
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 36 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 60534 Natoma st., above Sixth.
CLAIRVO\AyiTS.
A rare opportuniTy'to ~! ~-~~
j$- CONSULT THE great CLAIRVOYANT,
PROF. F. EUGENE,
People of San Francisco, as well as other cities,
marvel at his power. Lawyers, speculators, busi-
ness men of all grades, and ladies from every walk
In life, together sound his praise for the benefit
they have received. All are pleased. Professor
Eugene gives advice on business, speculation, in-
vestments, love, courtship, marriage and. divorce:
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites the separated and
causes a speedy and happy marriage with the one
of your choice. He locates mines aud buried
treasures, tells of your friends and enemies, re-
moves evil influences, gives advice pertaining to
lawsuits, locates and recovers old estates. The
troubled and unfortunate should seek bis counsel.
Thousands of families long separated have been re-
united by his efforts. All persons unsuccessful in
business, who seem to be unlucky, should visit
him, seek his aid and start aright. Thousands
have become wealthy through his advice. Young
men starting in business will find It greatly to
their advantage to consult him on all matters of
financial interest to themselves. Hours, 10 a. if.
to 8 p. m. Letters with stamp answered. PRO-
FESSOR EUGENE, 1728 Market St.
A AAAAAAAAAAAA
-£i- PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE.
220 Eddy st.
Now is your chance to consult his wise and
gifted prophet, who has returned after an absence
of seven years, and who has met with marvelous
success owing to his wonderful powers as a clair-
voyant and business medium; nothing is too ob-
scure for his apprehension: he gives correct and
invaluable advice on love, marriage, business, law-
suits, mining, speculation; in fact on any affair
pertaining to the human life: no person ever con-
sulting him went away dissatisfied: he numbers
among his patrons the best business peopie in the
United States: letters containing 2-cent stamp
promptly answered : hours 9to 9, Sundays Included.
P ROF. LEON. 1007 MARKET, NEAR SIXTH—
Wonderful power; gives advice on business,
love, marriage, divorce, etc; letters with stamp
answered; hours 9 to 8 daily; also Sunday.
M Wk. ESPERANZA, 228 TAYLOR ST^
clairvoyant and card rsadeii
p~YPSY~MEbIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days Included): 25c up. 946 Mission; hrs 10 to 9.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave; fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
meTmoreau. best MEDIUM; REVEALS
past.presentand future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MB. DR. ATLANTA, MEDIUM, TKLLS
from cradle to grave and the condition of
every organ in your body and cures; gives valu-
able advice on all affairs and tells when things are
going to happen; she has no equal; sittings daily.
1056 Market, opposite Hibernia Bank.
ROF.ZANZIC, RELIABLE MEDIUM, CLAlR-
voyunt and palmist. Parlors 315 Ellis st.
ME. POKTKK, CARD- READBR; TELLS
past, present, future: ladies 60c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
RETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MM£.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dlum and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. AKNDT, BENT FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 50c and (1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
•I'-l erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladies or gents 50c 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
erby eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake lm-
possible: fee $1; lptter »2. 9^9 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM." ~~
XJiNTERTAINMENT AND DANCE TO-NIGHT,
XJ ;10c, at MMX. YOUNG'S. 605 McAllister st,
T ONELLA— ONE uK THE MOST WONDER-
AJ fui mediums of the age; just from the East;
she created a sensation Kast and also in Europe
through her mediumshlp: all are Invited to call;
she remains with you but a short time; do not re-
main in darkness, but seek the light of truth; wis-
dom is power. 318 Kearny st., room 18.
M~~H. CARNELLE, CLAIRVOYANT AND
• business medium, returned: private sittings
daily; developing classes a specialty. 220 Eddy st.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
:r;incemH!nm: Bitting* $1. 218 Stockton St.
_ _ _._ MEDICAL. ~~
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE*",
J. don't fail to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ, 254y 4th.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
-t\. stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; .ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you win save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
T ADIES — GEKMACIDE CAPSULES PRE-
JLi vents." safe, sure; pills no longer reaulred*
$1 60 per box. G. 8. P. Co., 1031 Mnricet st., aF.
new PROCESS— NO MKDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and nsed at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 818 Kearny st.
BLESSING ~T"o" LADIES SUFFERING"
from - Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: -travelers helped immediately ;> prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. <& MRS.
DAVIES, 14 McAllister su, next Hibernla Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
T ADIES. CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
JLJ 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
R, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children. •
ADIES— DAUDET'6 FEMALE REGULA-
tIng pills; ' Strongest,' safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. ■ WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents. .
URE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every I comfort; satisfaction j guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKR, 226 Turk St. . .
MRS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OK
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or 1 no charge; separata
home tor patients: best skill; medical attend-
nee: low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si.
A HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth st.,Alamcda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH , PILLS— A BOON, TO
xi. ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. ' OSUOOIi BROS., Oakland, Cal.
_--: CITY REAL ESTATE.
pH. UMBSEN CO. ; ; r ~~- ~~ rr
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery st., near Market.
IMPROVED PROPERTIES JUST RECEIVED.
BUSINESS CORNER PAYING 1 PER CENT
NET.
m.i£ -.(\f\ RENT $186 PER MONTH:
ID.tlUu. forced sale: several buildings in
stores and flats; 100x87 ; near Pacific Mail
dock. '
INVESTMENT ON STEINER ST.
7 AAA NEW MODERN FLATS; 3-STORY
tjp I UUv/. house: 27:6x106:3; must be jold;
flats cost $6500 about 4 years ago; with a slight
cost the lower floor comd be converted into a flat
and be made to pay at least 10 per cent. .
O'FARRELL ST., EAST OF LARKIN. '
<Jfc7AAA LOT AND OLD IMPROVEMENTS;
tip i VJ\j\J. rooms and bath; brick foundation;
stone walks, etc. ; fine renting location. ; "". ■
BUSINESS CORNER— BEST PART OF
HOWARD STREKT.
ffl»O£» AA A IMPROVEMENTS IN. FOUR
C-O.UUu. stores and 2 houses; one in flats;
75x80.
BARGAIN ON GEARY ST.— RIGHT IN TOWN.
<Si Q(A.f\f\ SUBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENTS:
<JpOUUU. could be raised and stores put under-
neath; present rent low at $65 per month; 30x80:
mortgage of $6000 can remain If desired this is
for sale for a few days only.
ONE OF THE CHOICEST RESIDENCE COR-
NERS OF THE WESTERN ADDITION.
ffIJOA I IMA MANSION OF 12 ROOMS AND
t|p_jU.UUU. bath: billiard-rooms, conserva-
tory, etc.; 46-foot front running through to rear
street; commands a fine view and facing public
park. . ;
INSTALLMENT HOME: RICHMOND.
ffljO^nn 3D AYE. : NICE NEW EABTLAKE
tjpZiUUU. cottage of 6 rooms and bath: never
been occupied: will be sold on terms to suit buyer:
substantially built; 25x120.
COTTAGE NEAR 13TH AND VALENCIA STa
©or r\ 4 ROOMS ANDLOT.
MUST BE SOLD ON ACCOUNT OF FORE-
CLOSURE OK MORTGAGE.
<2»;r jrrw\ A NICE SUBSTANTIAL 2-STORY
«JP OOXJVf. bay-window residence of 8 rooms and
bath ; all modern improvements and conveniences;
conservatory, etc. :-suu all day; 30x162.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records."
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city. . . ' . . ■ ■
G. H. UMBSE jy & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
'FARRELL& CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.HOUSE BROKERS
. AND AUCTINEERS,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
©/CAft BEAUTIFUL CORNER ON OAK
•IP^cr'U. St., fronting Golden Gate Park; this
is the cheapest lot in the Park Panhandle; an
ideal site for a beautiful home; size 31:3x100.
JQAA SOLD TO CLOS& AN ESTATE:
tJpTOUU. make an offer; Tehama st., near
Fourth: three-story well-built house of 11 rooms
and bath; rented for $35 per month lot 25x75; ad-
joins Uouard-st. frontage.
4£~AAA. fine COTTAGE ON leaven-
OVfVIVt. worth st.; 6 room and bath; In
splendid condition: 10i25x87:6.
flgCr; AAA LARGE PIECE OF DOWNTOWN
apOO.\J\J\J. property, 1 block from Market st. ;
one of the best buys in the market; if properly im-
proved would pay a handsome income on the In-
vestment, j -....»;- r-;y- ■'-■'■.-■
dT>7AAA 3 NEW FLATS; A SHORT WALK
nD I \J\J\J. from Golden Gate Park; rented for
$65 a month; fine view and sunny.
©I Pi AAA EDDY ST., NR. FRANKLIN;
I O.ytyjyj. choice lot, 68:9x137:6; street
paved and accepted. , .
!<& 1 A £*f\fi 3 ELEGANT FLATS ON
i ~> I^r.Ul/vf. Hayes St.; contain 8 rooms and
bath each: rented for $110 a month; very large
lot; flats are very sunny.
d££AAA PINE ST., DOWN TOWN; TWO-
tJpUUUU. story; 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x75;
I rents $40 per month. _____ --.;,..
! <2ifl7Z>f\ GROVE ST., NEAR LYON; TWO
; «JpU I O\J. flats and two rear cottages; rents $60
! per month; lot 25x137:6; $2 00 mortgage: will
i exchange equity for unimproved property in city.
SOOPLA CORNER COTTAGE IN THE
ijZujyj. Mission, oue block from cable cars;
lot 28x120; contains 5 rooms and bath.
MUST BE SOLD; MAKE AN OFFER; 2
flats of 6 rooms and bath each, near Haight
and Baker sts.: very large lot; mortgage about to
be foreclosed ; any reasonable offer will be ac-
cepted. . i ■ C
JAAA fulton st., NR. devisadero;
tJpttUUU. 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
street accepted; a few steps from the electric cars:
worth $3000.
©no AAA ELLIS ST.: DOWNTOWN;
(]JZiO."Uv. large lot: two frontages: 2-story
house of ,12 rooms and bath:, well rented: should
be further improved and could be made to pay
well on the Investment.
_• . O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
ARG AI\~~INT"bu IL.DINO~i.OTS ~ON $10
monthly installments. - '
LOTS '25x114, LEVEL AND READY TO
build on, on 22d, 23d and Douglass sts.
lOTS NEAR CORTLAND AYE. AND MIS-
-i sion-st. car line; $350 each.
piCHMOND LOTS: 25x120; CLOSE TO ELEO
JLV trie road and park.
LOTS NORTH AND SOUTH OF GOLDEN
Gate Park from $76 up. . ■ • .
Q;Qk/| boulevard LOTS; 25x120 each:
tfoOOVl. 1 block from Golden Gate Park and
railroad; houses on the property.
fl> I~A FINE | BUILDING LOTS, I LEVEL
fSrXU\f. and on grade, and close to San Mateo
electric road. ■ • '
Call at office for full list of other building and
investment property, i
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner, .
Room 5, Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
________________ _
•V OU WILL *
X HAVE TO BE QUICK
If you want a lot on Eleventh or Twelfth
ayes., between California and Lake sts., as
they are going very fast: 29 lots have been
sold In the past four or five weeks; In a
week or two they will all be gone; it is the
price that sells them.
PRICKS $700 AND $725.
TERMS $60 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
All the streets are ■ raded, sewerea and
macadamized; California-street cars pass
the property: Sutro cars one block away;
see them at once.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
ONLY $375. - "~
ONLY $50 CASH.
- ONLY «10 MONTHLY.
Lots on 25th aye., bet. Point Lobos aye.
and Clement st.: see them to-day only a
few left. BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
. 10 Montgomery st.
mHE RENT YOU PAY
WILL BUY A HOME
ON THE HEYMAN TRACT.
Think of It: new modern 5-room house, built to
suit you, with fine level lot, $26 monthly: 4 rooms,
«20 monthly: oath, basement; fifteen such homes
built In the last six months. .
Take Castro-st. car to 23d st., or Mlsslon-st. car,
transferring to -22d st. Our : resident agent, Mr.
James E. Cotter, will show you around.
THE HEYMAN TRACT V
Is the finest residence property within the city
limits; all street work done.
JACOB HEYMAN. Owner,
Room 5, Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
CC. BEMIS. . ~
. HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR HALE.
$2600— side of Htanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
$450— san Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x187:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer. ISBQHta
$2600— 2-story 8-roomed bouse on Harrison st..
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8600— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Cart sts.
$300— bnilding lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4UX3so. SW. cor. 19th aye. and
25th St.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, • flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and car-
riage-house; all in good condition; must be sold;
make offer. :
VI ARKET-STREET PROPERTY. : ■;..-■
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
near 1 VALENCIA.
Rare chance for investors 10 buy below the mar-
ket value. • Save commission and time. Address
O. N. R.. box 9. this office.
Jlj 1 *!}l\l\ Cof f AGE; 3 ROOMS: LOT 60x136:
«U)lOUy. iii Berkeley, near station: payments
easy. ■' '
$1100— Cottage; 3 rooms: lot 75x125.
$1000— Handsome '■ corner; 100x100; $15
monthly. ■ ■ "
$200— Lot 25x135; $10 down; $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. ;/- .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS-THREE NEW 12- ROOM
-T bouses. 2847, 2849 and 2861 Fillmore St., 8. of
Green: all modern improvements; receptioa-hall,
parlors, dining, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted
and decorated; furnace heat: all rooms and closets
lighted by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view: good Investment. - ~ . • *■:.....-
fi>OA PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRU.MJ itOALt;
«H>._iU 6y a miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
H. P. R. H. shore line will cross tract, make it busi-
ness property; 16 minutes distant; some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $I. A.
; WHEELER, 331 Montgomery st., room 10.
OR, SALE— ELEGANT 12-ROOM .HOUSE,
done by day's ; work: salon parlors; reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden;
stone walks: view Golden Gate Park. -- 1917 Oak.
WILL BUILD HOMES TO SUIT ON LOTS IN
Lakevlew, nr. electric cars; terms about the
same as rent. THE < MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket St., San Francisco. ■..-•. v . ■ .../,.
m»1 / |AA WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
«lp IVIUU dow cottage; modern improvements;
basement; lot 25x100; South Broderick st., near
Haight. Apply 1330 Mission st. . ,
BARGAIN — LOT 26x100: FLORIDA, BET.
20th and 21st. Atlantic fish Co,, 305 Front at.
AM. SPECK & CoThaVE MONEY TO
. loan. ft ': -' ' ■■'■■ •.- !-. ■■- - ■ ■ - '-:.-.
fl]>O|]A DOWN, BALANCE SAME AS RENT,
«]P_wUU buys a dandy new 6-room house and lot.
<si97nn 4 FLATS: NEAR OAK AND MAR-
«IP_i I \jyj. ket sts.: rents $30. -
©OQ AAV STORE AND FLAT: RENTS $30;
<p«-OUU. near Larkin-st. car line.
C|» AAA A ; STORE AND FLAT; WKSTERN
«Jpo:UUU. Addition (car line); rents $30.
Qli9£l^A 4 GOOD FLATS; RENTS $40;
tip— OOyj. must sell at once.
GI»O7MA 3 FINE FLATS; RENTS $34;
(jpOl UU. near Clay and Mason sts.
<2^AAA i^INE HOWARD-ST. FLATS; LOT
<3>DUUU. 30x135; rents $46. - •
<J£l d CA A COR. ON GEARY, NEAR THE
«IDJ-O.OUU. Wigwam, cheap. .
Oil A C\(\C\ 50-FOOT FRONT: GRAND IN-
<JpI'±.UUU. vestment; within 200 feet of 6th
and Market sts. : rents $100. : -
-(C/lPinn 2 NEW FLATS; NEAR 17TH AND
ilP'ltjUU. Mission sts. : rents $38. *
(&/i"An 3 NKW FLATS: RENT $61; NR.
«|PUJUU. Haight and Webster sts.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.
OR BALE-SW. COR.OF FOLSOM AND 21ST
sts.; 95x90 ft.: cheap for cash: also 'SW. 20th
and Treat aye.: 25x110 ft. Inquire 1205 Market.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
© ftfinn A HOME RANCH MILES
i®Q\J\J\J. from Santa Rosa: 56 acres, including
6-room cottage, hard finish, and furniture: barn
and farm Implements; windmill and tank; 3
horses, 1 cow, chickens, etc.; intending purchasers
only will please apply to C. STAHL. grocer, cor.
Fourth and Wilson str^et«, Santa Rosa, who will
furnish free transportation to the ranch. Further
information may be obtained at 2914 California St..
San Francisco, between 6 and 8 p. m.
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE — A SMALL
well-Improved mountain ranch. Address
Owner, box 107, Call. -
■n OR SALE OR RENT— ONE MILE FROM
E Wrights, Santa Clara County, 42 acres; 13
acres bearing vines." Apply 646 Natoma st. .
RANGE LANDS. ■
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a good investment: it will cost
■ you unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five annual
payments; no interest; the trees planted on this
property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns.
We have an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers* properties very reasonably. - • '
. For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st., San Francisco, |
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal.
VAS VALLEY; 20 MILES S. OF SAN JOSE,
vJ 4 miles west of Morganhill ; 60 acres or more;
large furnished house with concert grand piano;
beautiful grounds, Interspersed . with oak trees; .2
cottages: pavilion 60x80 feet; bored well, wind-
mill, horsepower, 2 6000-gallon tanks; water piped
to house: stable; horses, cows, pigs, chickens and
Implements for working the place; Improvements
cos; over $12,000: - will take part cash, the re-
mainder in city property. For particulars apply to
E. McCURRIE, Lloyq Tevls' office. Mills bldg, S. V
(EjO^/lA 60-ACRE RANCH, LESS THAN 'I
tJp«J_j«'U. miles from Kenwood station and 2V2
from Glen Ellen station; is on Sonoma Creek, a
trout stream that never dries: about 8 acres in
prunes, 4 in olives and 2 of good garden land: the
rest is hill pasture, good for olives; plentyof wood;
barn and house; is in the healthiest and preuie.it
valley in California; $1300 or more down and the
rest at 5 per cent. Address W. E. SE WELL, Mare
Island, Vallejo. Cal. ■ ■ - •
ESTABLISHED..... 16 YEARS
N. D. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions) ; most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America,
620 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
IpOR SALE. OR TO LEASE, FOR . A TERM
' of years; one of the most beautifully situated
and most 1 rofitable ranches in the northern
part of the State, 1 mile from railroad station: 4
hours from San Francisco: climate and surround-
ings unsurpassed: about 2000 acres:. 60 acres
prunes and Bartlett pears: 10 acres vineyard and
family orchard; 50 acres alfalfa: cuts 3 crops an-
nually without Irrigation; balance farming and
f razing; creamery and cheese-factory In operation;
3 houses, including family residence, completely
furnished; large barns, etc., and everything neces-
sary for ranch. In perfect condition, including
cattle, horses, hogs, etc.; magnificent opportunity
for good home and profitable business: terms easy.
Responsible parties apply for further information
to F. F., box 51, Call Office.
VT ALUABLE CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
lands for sale on easy terms. ■
ft AA A ACRES; RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
\J\J\JVf ada del Pinole: 12 miles east of Berk eley,
near narrow-gauge railroad. '*•-'
1 'inn A XE . a OF CHOICE LEVEL L.AND
XOVfVi adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco.
OnA ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
O Vi \J adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. ' Apply to the owner,
' SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
SAN RAFAEL AND ROSS VALLEY— '
Land for sale or exchange by J. TUNSTEAD.
San Rafael, Cal.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME*
O for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Josa.
<2»Q AN ACRE; 320 ACRES, HOUSE, FENCES,
vDO fertile soil, living water, plenty of wood;
crops never fail: good for stock, grain, fruit, poul-
try, etc.: terms easy: no snow; no chills. M. A.
GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cottonwool, Shasta
County. Cal.
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
lrom San Francisco.
Ranoho de Novsto.
Tracts cnt any size desired; frolt, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $76 ocr acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. ■ ■
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN : 121-
JU proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and- 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWING.' Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. 8. F. ...
<Dj 7?: AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
iff) I «-» land: easy terms. ■ .'
<flj'-?fA per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
«Jp«Jc» Pleasanton.Alameda Co. terms to suit ; also
a few Improved cozy country homes near by; 5 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms; wlllex-
change. LEE & KIsER. 306 Montgomery st.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
ADVANCE ON LIFE INSURANCE, LEG A-
-t\. cies, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 6.
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
ORTGAOKB, LOANS ON COLLATE HA S;
low rates. Sylvain Saloman & C 0. ,328 Montgy
(ftIAA AAA TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
«JP i-\j\J m\J\J\J ance policies; money placed In
paying mines. JOSEPH P. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
ST & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
-Ltates slowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrkt.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY. ETC
xV Columbia Loan <& Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLG AN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
AKLA.ND LOANS ON J»lRfc>T MORTGAGES
on improved real estate secured on short notice
at ' current rates of interest. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. *
ON BY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
niG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PER CENT;
J-> the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19.Ca1l Office.
PAWNBROKERS.
A T 126 KEARNY " ST.^ "ROOM tMWONEY
■£*- loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: prl«
vate rooms: elevator: pledge* for sal 3 cheap. *
DENTISTS, „„„'„:'--:■
DR.L. T. work, bridge work and teeth without
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
/"I ROOM DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4tb, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
Inn $5: fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas sl.
<2»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
»Jp I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist.. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. : ,
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
near Eleventh : no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. :,
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
UULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
J five years. DR. V. CAVALSKY, 24 sixth st. ■
ET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. .YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.- ■--■■.-
I \R. GEORGE \V. ? LEEK, THE - GENUINE
U Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of - Improved * bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farreli st.
PAINLESS -■> EXTRACTION. 60c; . CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veara' '
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 8,15»4 Geary.
I R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
U. work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.r-:. ":
/ IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
■\J ket st. ; DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
lA4 WORK REASONABLE AND - WAR-
ranted. : DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
BICYCLES. :-'■.:'"
ARK CYCLERY— NEW TO LET?
best accommodations.- Terminus I Geary.,' Mc-
Allister aud well si. car liaea. •..*,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ~
MUST BE SOLD: iy 9 ACRES UNIMPROVED;
J-'X in FUburos "of Oakland : fine ■ location for
chicken ranch; also 31/2 acres all in bearing fruit;
house, barn, toolhouse, tank-house, chicken-yard
and' houses; 20 minutes from Berkeley by electric
railroad. ■• . ' •-. . • ■ ■
Fine modern residence: central location; cost
$7500; will be sacrificed for $4500; $2000 cash;
$2500 mortgage; also 2- cottages, one 6 rooms,
one 6. BENMAM & THOMAS, 465 Ninth St..
Oakland. ,
HfOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
I menu equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to San Francisco; IS minutes to
.Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
<n>OU. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St., Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR HALE— LARGE LOT IN BERKELEY;
115x300 feet.
NE. corner on Brush St.; lot 75x110. '
26-foot lot on San Pablo aye. ; 50 feet on Tele-
graph aye.: I have been instructed to sell these de-
sirable properties cheap for cash; no reasonable
offer refused. A pply at once to
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway. Oakland.
\LA MED A PROPERTY— TO LEASE FOR
xx one year— Nine-room, commodious residence,
well located and completely furnished. See owner,
eighth floor ills building, room 8, San Francisco.
lI<OR SALE—
House 8 rooms and bath. Central aye. ; house 4
rooms. Grand st.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
on long time and easy term?, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.,
•■ ' San Francisco, Cal.
■VTEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
-L* rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park st.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa lor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout; beautiful
brick mantel in diulng-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
a. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland. .
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$150 cash: balance on easy monthly payments to
sun. Address A. R. DEN KE. real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh St.. Alameda.
ffl» 1 (\(\ TO 250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
«IP -I V/v/ 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc ; with large
lot: 92400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. AlametU Land Company, 1500
Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
Yifinft WILL BUY A NICE 5-ROOM COT-
J \J\J\J tage; bath, with hot andcoldwater; lot
40x80; good location: $200 cash; balance $15 per
month. W. C. MORAS, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
(J;Cf.AFOR A 3-ROOM HOUSE; LOT 40x
WOO\J 100; 950 cash: balance 910 per month.
W. C. MORaN, Lorin Station. Berkeley.
T OVELY 8-ROOM FURNISHLD HOUSE FOR
J-i rent during the summer months: near the U.
C; grand view. Apply to O. G. MAY & CO., Cen-
ter st., Berkeley. .
(CjO'JAlk PROPERTY IX WEST BERKE-
<Jp^-OU»'. ley; 92x135; cottage 5 rooms; with all
modern improvements; pure water; good wind-
mill; stable; 4-year-old orchard; good residence
locatiou; corner; actual value 93500: half cash;
balance easy payments; must sacrifice recount
business reverses. WILKE »fc WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE ON
easy terms. O. G. MAY &CO.. real estate and
building. 21 M Center St., Berkeley.
JOS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
surance agent. Berkeley station.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
TO^L^T^INnBE^KEXE^YT^EAYc^TTGE:
4 rooms and bath, pantry and closets, stable,
chicken bouse: lot 50x135; cheap rent. Inquire
C. C. CARTER, 41 Main st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., STEINWAY REP"
resentatlves, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West; all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Cor. Kearny and Sutler sts.
ffl»l Qf\ FINE UPRIGHT PIANO, BPLEN-
tjP-LOl/. did tone; bargain. 116 Seventh st.
OLD AT A SACRIFICE— NEW UPRIGHT
piano; make oiler. 614 Willow aye., off La-
gunasc.
"LMNE STEINWAY PIANO SACRIFICED AT
1 once by party forced to sell. See it at room
10, 809 Market st.
UY A NEW PIANO, $200; SECOND-HAND
1> uprights, $150. At MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
OR SALE-ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO AT
r a great sacrince: can be seen until 1 o'clock
r. m. -622 Sutterst. -■
SHAW, $425; STEINWAY. 9215; SQUARE,
825; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
DECKER BROS., BTEINWAY .FISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KUHLEit 4t
CHASE, 28 and 80 O'Farrell st. ■
EASY TERMS; LOW PKICES. KOHLSS~4
CHASE. L^
ffiflOX EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STRINGKD
<IPIO O. Weber; $350. BRUENN, 228 Post st.
ffljl'jp: UPKIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
«JTA^"» tlon: cash or installments. 106 Mc-
Allister st. _^
PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. BCHMITZ,
tjpOO. IB MoAUlster St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp 6; the five-
bar autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin 96 25; the prize-winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 60;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case,' wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187; one trial will convince
you. J. HARKY SCOTT, 929 Market st., Spreck-
el's building.
pELEBRATED HALVES BROS., BUSH <ft
\J Gens and Knabe p.anos: being overstocked
wholesale prices will rule during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT A. CO., 824 Post St.. 8. F.
A RRIVKD— LOT OF .CELEBRATED HIOH-
-* V grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
WM, G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
'" first floor; sole agents Mallet & Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments.
riOKOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. Th» F. W. SPKNCKR COM-
PANY, 83M Post st.
C WHICKERING, KNABE, BTECK.VOSK, BTER-
-' ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ <fe SON, 16 O'Farrell.
Ot "I 7 X CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<p JL 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
YRON MAUZY, 308. POST ST.— SOHMEB,
Newby & Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS*. OLD ANEW
O H. MULLEU. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL.
T>ROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. . 1707 Market.
\i RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 614 SUT-
irl ter; . teacher : vocal music, piano, elocution:
dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakespear-
ean classes; stage dancing; minuet, gavotte, etc.
Vocal classes resumed Monday. April 13, at 8 p.m.
QPANISH.FRENCH.ETC.: Prof.DE FILIPPE'S
O Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:estab'd 1871.
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; ■ life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
f FRENCH, GERMAN, SPANISri; LEARN TO
speak; sp'c'l $2. Flood building. v ■
Ll OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAMR:
*-> day <& night; no classes; $5 month. 825 Mission:
TTuitaiTmandolix. piano and vocal
lessons: $3 ma MARY WEsTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CABTILIAN
and Parisian. 3 lessons w.; 93 m. Maze bid, r.37.
■DOOK KEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY"
JL> better than in any college on earth; 6 wks- no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR,6S9 Mkt.
A CADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
JtX. private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
JOSEPH GREVEN, • VOICE IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st. -'■;■' , ■ ,
PaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
A YRES, THB. LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
-"»- lege; individual Instruction; 4 months' course-
cay and evening r 325 Montgomery st. > '
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged ; pupils rehearsed
on stage. ■ R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING, MET
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay: estab. '64. VAN DKR NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
HEALD'S B*UBTnESS~c6ILEGE, 24 POSTStT
XX Bookkeeping, business practice, . shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught.' Write lor catalogne. '
VI IGHTbCHOOL:tIEALDSBI :». COLLEGE J4
XI Post: commercial, shorthand. Enclish-.low ra'<-e»
■\TIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; RJ£A-
V nonable. • PROF. FRANCIS. 1046^ Valencia.
G\HEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
KJ ham's School,' cor. Geary and Powell sts.'
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION
\J sociation— Home office, 222 Sansome sU, S. F.
General savings & loan business. Ed. E. Hill, Pres. ;
Oliver Eidridge, V-Pr. ; W. Corbin, Sec. & Gen.Man.
,; PROPERTY TO , EXCHANGE. : _ •
"EirrVACANT' LOTS/ PRICES FROil" Tv
i)U $150 t0..:............................... $4,000
20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0.../. 10,000
60 ranches: all sizes; from $100 to 30,000
20 houses; Oakland, Alameda; $1000 t0... 8,000
100 business places; all kinds; from 950 to 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels; from 9200 to 3,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
All kinds of property. ■ '■ ■ — ■
H. C. PECKBK, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
Ci^nnA SALOON— BEST IN THE CITY;
<y»JUUU. exchange for real estate. DECKER,
1020 Marker.
1 9Sfi ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
L£iO\J water; fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16.Ca11
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJS
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
Henry J. Watson an 1 Sarah .Stay ton, 46—35.
Albert Haller and Agnes Burke." 27—
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Complaint filed: •
TUlie Glover against Andrew O. Glover.
Divorces granted :
Daisy M. Rochstroh from - Frederick E. Roch-
stroh, on cross-complaint, for cruelty ; by Judge
Hebbard. .. . - ■
Alice Smith from Frank Smith, for neglect; by
Judge Hunt. . 1
Martin Pache from Nellie Pache, for desertion ;
by Judge Sanderson.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. - They must be banded In at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.] -
*V-J\ iL.y , born. ■
BLACK-In Oakland, April 19, 1896, to the wife
of James G. Black, a daughter.
CUMMINGS-In the Potrero. April 13, 1896, to
the wife of William Cum mlngs, a daughter.
FOSTER— ApriI 14,1896, to the wife of Lymin
D. Foster, a son.
LACKEWANDT— April 20, 1896, to the Wife Of
Herman D. Lackewandt, a son.
NORRIE-In this city, April 19, 1896, to the
wife of Alexander Norrle, a son. ;
AY ER-In this city, April 20, 1896, to the
wife of W. H. Shayer, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BAILEY— WOOD— In this city. March 31, 1898,
Frank A. Bailey of Woodland and Mayme
Wood of San Francisco.
MARSHALL— WARNES— In Berkeley, April 18,
1896. by the Rev. I. L. P. Dietrichson, David J.
Marshall and Hannah C. Warms.
.DIED. .
Arllng, Isaac S. McFadden, Wilbert
Bruce, Edward - O'Connor, Bridget
Bruton, Ann M. Ollva, Eugenia
Cox, Aaron Schaertzer. Jacob '■ • ' '
Fecan, Joseph P. Shirley, Jessie F.
French, Abbte K. Slaven, John
Gerlach. Elizabeth Stafford. Mrs. C, E.
Hamilton, Phebe P. Thode, Mary
Lacoste, John Weber. Ernest
McAllister, William WetzUr, Alexander J.
ARLING-In this city, April 20. 1896, Isaac 8«
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Arllng, father of
Mrs. E. Plate, Mrs. J. Huff and David Arllni,,
and stepfather of Austin E. Ford of New York
City, a native of Harrington, N. H., aged 65
years and 8 months,
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the
chapel of Craig. Cochran & Co.. 22 and 26 Mine
avenue, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army
street, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BRUCE— In the City and County Hospital, April
21, 1896, Edward Bruce, aged 37 years. .
BRUTON— A requiem mass for the repose of the
soul of Ann M. Bruton will be celebrated at St.
Joseph's Church, Alameda, TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m. Friends are re-
SDectfully invited.
COX— In this city, April 20, 1896, Aaron Cox, be-
loved father of William A., Thomas A., Sarah W.
and Dr. Rosamond L. Cox. a native of Ports-
mouth, England, aged 78 years 1 month and 10
days.
JKB"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, 426 Post street. No flowers. In-
terment private.
FEGAN— In this city, April 21. 18»6, Joseph P.,
beloved son of Joseph F. and Bessie Fegan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 18 years. *
j&s~No;ice of funeral hereafter.
FRENCH— In Redlands. April 18, 1896, Abbie
It., beloved wife of Charles K. French, and sister
of P. T. M. Wate of San Francisco, a native of .
Dorchester. Mass.
GERLACH— In this city. April 20, 1896. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Bernhard, and mother of
Elizabeth. John. Fred, Annie and Christie Ger-
lach and Mrs. William Dooley, a native of Ham-
burg, Germany, aged 47 years 9 months and 23
days. ■BMSBftIS
jag-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at . 2 o'clock p. x.. from her late
residence, 211 Rltcb street, between Bryant and
Brannan. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In this city, April 20. 1896, Phebe
P., wife of J. T. Hamilton, a native of Wisconsin,
i aged 44 years.
WThe funeral services will take place
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.,
at the faixily residence, 914 Broderick street.
Interment private.
LACOSTE— In this city, April 20, 1896, John La-
coste, beloved husband of Justine, and father of
' John T., Albert, Mary and Justine Lacoste, a na-
tive of France, aged 66 years and 21 days. -
£9"Frien(ls ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m. sharp, from his
late residence, 701 Montgomery avenue, thence
to the French Church of Noire Dame dcs Vic-
toires. Bush street, for services, commencing at
2 o'clock p. if.
McALLISTER-In this City, April 20. 1896. Wil-
liam McAllister, a native of Ireland, aged 69
years. - . 1 •
«3"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. it., from the par-
j lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
McFADDEN— In Golden Gate, Alameda County,
April 21, 1898. Wilbert, youngest son of J. J.
and Emma McFadden, aged 3 years and SI
months.
O'CONNOR— In Oakland. April 21. 1896. Bridget,
beloved wife of John O'Connor, a native of Ire-
land, aged 63 years. ■ ' .;
Friends ana acquaintances are respect-'
fp"y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence. 1175 Sixteenth avenue, thence to St.
Anthony's ■ Church, where a requiem high mass
wHI be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
OLIVA— In this city. April 21, 1896, Eugenia.'
dearly beloved wife of John F. Oliva, and mother
of George, Catherine and Adelina Ollva, and
beloved daughter of Peter and the late Catherine
Castacnetto, a native of san Francisco, aged 32
years 10 months and 26 days, f Mariposa papers
please copy.] • -
Fr!end3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. if., from 8 s. Peter
and Paul's Italian Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets. At 10 o'clock a. m. a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SCHAERTZER— Officers and members of Court
Twin Peaks No. 75N6: You are requested to
attend the funeral of our deceased member.
Jacob ' Schaertzer, from his late residence, • 5
Douglass street, THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 1
o'clock p. m. By order of .
L. M. CARRINGTON, C. R.
Alex Smith, F. S.
SHIPLEY— In this city. April ! 20. 1896, at her
resilience, 1305 Jackson street, Jessie F. Shirley,
beloved niece of John Shirley, and sister of J.W.
. Shirley and Mrs. M. C. McKew, a native of Sac-
ramento. Cal.
Friendi and acquaintances ■ are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 1805 Jackson street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high
mass will oe celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. if. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ■ • -
SLAVEN— In Oakland. April 20, 1896, John
Slaven. brother of the late Mary Stanley and
1 Michael Siaven. and uncle or Mrs. Charles Allen
and James Stanley, a native of Ireland, aged 69
years. .
JK9~Fiiend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday) at 8:30 o'clock a. a., from the resi-
dence of Charles Allen, Park avenue. Emery-
ville, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of bis soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. if.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
STAFFORD-In Baltimore, Md., April 30. 1896,
Mrs. Caroline E. Stafford, mother or William G.
Stafford of San Francisco.
THODE— In this city. April 20, 1896, Mary Thode,
a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged 70 years. •
WEBER— In this city. April 21. 189 U. Ernest,
beloved husband of 'WUhelmlne - Weber, and
stepfather of W. Ranice, a native of Schleslen,
Germany, acred 63 years.
. ; jjry Friends and 4 acquaintances are rMoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from Alcazar
• building, O'Farrell street; between Stockton and
Powell, where the funeral services will be held
under he auspices of Germanla Lodge No. 1718,
K. of H. Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dierks, 957 Mission street, between Fifth ana
Sixth. Intermen: I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WETZLAR— In Alameda, April 21, 1896, Alex-
a nder J dearly beloved husband of Louisa N.
Wetilar. .
Notice of funeral hereafter. • ':
I ... — — > -.
"I UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
- ■ ■ at Reasonable Rates. - -
Telephone South 167. . 27 and 29 Fifth st. .
• I •;• McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ft EMBALM I
.SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. I
..' Telephone 80807 ; I
1516
PARTY WISDOM
AND NO PLEDGES
Strong Blows by Party
Leaders at a Pledged
Delegation.
POINT AT FOLLY'S PATH
Irving M. Scott, the McKinleyite,
Calls a Halt in Behalf
of California.
VIEWS OF NOBLE HAMILTON.
General N. P. Chipman Sends a Loud
Demand That the Coast Be Given
a Cbance.
Tne sentiment among the Republicans
of California in favor of an unpledged
delegation pervades the party from Shasta
to the border at Tia Jnana, but it lies
deeply and broadly there and is not the
sort of sentiment that readily gets out
with a brass band.
The most enthusiastic friends of Mc-
Kinley, Allison, Reed or other favorite
sons are, many of them, ready to support
the pledging of a delegation committed
through thick and thin and from first to
last for the man on whom their hearts are
set, but the ma]ority of even these are
likely, before the State Convention meets
and acts on the fateful resolutions that
will come before it, to think again and
to cast their vote by word or other ex
pression of influence in favor of a delega
tion from the Golden State that will be
free to act in the National Council of the
party as its combined judgments may
deem best for Republicans and best for
California.
The broadest minded and the most ex
perienced leaders of the Republican party
in this State are taking the sober stand
that the mistakes of many former Presi
dential years should not be repeated when
the National Republican convention meets
again.
They are in favor of sending to !St.
Louis a delegation of representative Repub
licans who, while holding as far as sensi
ble judgment will allow to their favorites,
will be free to act, amid the rapidly
changing conditions of convention poli
tics, as the highest interests of California
and its Republicans may require.
It is important that a McKinley, an Al
lison, a Reed or a Morton man be left un
trammeled when an opportunity arises to
secure a recognition of California interests
or when the situation regarding candi
dates may unexpectedly change, as it
generally lias done in the course of con
ventions ever since party conventions be
gan in the United States.
The California delegation will be made
up from among the Republicans of the |
State who, by their brains, their moral
characters and their influence in the party, [
have made themselves worthy of repre
seuting the Republicans of this State in ;
the highest council of the party. Such!
men may safely be intrusted with the dis
action that is vested in other representa-!
tives of the people under our form of gov- j
ernment. Such men will carry out the i
wishes of their constituents to the last j
point to which honor and good judgment j
may take original wishes, but if no discre- |
tion but to vote one way until the end of !
the chapter is permitted to the representa- j
tives of California it matters little who I
represents the people of this State in the !
National Republican Convention, so long I
as California's vote is cast according to or
ders each rollcall.
Irving M. Scott is one of the many firm
supporters of Wiliiam McKinley in this
State who perceives, by the grace of a clear
head and the exercise of sound sense, the
wisdom of sending an unpledged delega
tion to St. Louis. Mr. Scott said yester
day:
"I believe that the best interests of the
State can be subserved by sending an un
pledged delegation to St. Louis. Most of
the people of California are, as I am, in
favor of McKinley, but circumstances may
arise that would prevent his nomination.
In that case the delegation should be free
to act for the best interests of this Btate
and not injure its future chances of get
ting a Cabinet officer by being known as
the pledged supporter of a man who failed
of the nomination. I believe that this
coast is entitled to a Cabinet officer, but it
could not with good grace demand a rep
resentative in the Cabinet of a man whom
the delegation had voted solidly against.
New England, New York and the West
have long been recognized by Cabinet ap
pointments, but the great West has never
yet had a Cabinet officer. If the delega
tion goes pledged and its man should not
be elected they would say : 'Why are yon
fellows asking for a Cabinet position?
You never voted for the candidate.' We
went from here for twelve years pledged
for Biaine. He never got the nomination
and we never got a Cabinet officer. Har
rison had made up his mind to put Swift
in his Cabinet, but the State Legislature
indorsed Estee, and in view of the division
in the State Harrison did not appoint
•ither. There are plenty of men here
qualified particularly for Attorney-General
or Secretary of the Interior, for those are
the officps I think this coast would be
most likely to be favored with, if at all.
The idea is that McKinley is so popular
that all the other candidates will combine
against him in order that some one of
them may succeed, and our delegation
wants to be in a position to act consist
ently with whomever may be the successful
man."
Noble Hamilton, ex-Superior Judge of I
Alameda County, discussing the advis- !
ability of an unpledged delegation, said !
yesterday with much emphasis:
"Having had some experience with con- i
ventions, both State and National, I would !
suggest that while candidates from Con
gressional districts may express their
preferences for one person or another for
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
ABSOLUTELY PURE
President or Vice-President of the United
States, it would not be good policy for the
Republican State Convention to pledge the
delegates they elect to the National Con
vention for any person for those offices.
"There are several good reasons why, the
California delegation should go unpledged
to the National Convention. One of these
is that after meeting the delegations of
other States and comparing notes our
delegates may find it to the interests of
the party and of the State to cast their
vote in favor of some other than the per
son for whom they may have been
pledged. Our delegates should certainly
be given a discretion in the matter, and if
they are not to have this discretion there
is little use of sending an entire delegation
to St. Louis.
"The State Convention which would bind
our delegation to any one or other of the
candidates might as well instruct a single
person to carry the vote of California to
the St. Louis Convention, and there cast it
tn favor of the person to whom the delega
tion might be pledged. Another reason
why the delegation should go unpledged
is that the important interests and press
ing needs of California require that it
should have a more generous and more
practical recognition from the General
Government than it has of late years been
accorded. The only way to accomplish
this is to impress our importance upon the
National party leaders at the very outset
of the campaign. This can best be done
by an unpledged delegation, which, after
it arrives upon the ground and surveys
the whole situation, can form a correct
judgment as to where the real interests of
the Pacific Coast require that its vote be
cast.
"I am also of the opinion that repre
sentative men of character should be
selected as delegates to the St. Louis Con
vention, and that these, generally speak
ing, should be young men, for tbe reason
that upon them will soon devolve the bur
den of government, and I know of noplace
where so much may be learned concerning
political methods as in a National Conven
tion."
Said W. W. Montague: "The California
delegation should go to St. Louis un
pledged, but there should be a resolution
passed by the convention that the people
of this State want McKiuley if the; can
get him."
One of the strongest and ablest expres
sions in favor of this policy that has been
uttered during the few days that have
elapsed since this issue has ari3en came
yesterday from General N. P. Chipman of
Red Bluff in the following letter to The
Call:
Red Bluff, Cal., April 18.
To the Editor of the San Franciaco Call— Sir:
I have noticed with approval your editorial
expressions favorable to sending an unin
i structed delegation to the Republican Ka
! tional Convention. Permit me to add a word
j us an humble follower of the Republican
banner:
There is a manifest difference of opinion
j among Republicans as to candidates for the
Presidency. This is natural and proper. No
I one man in the party looms up so high that
! all others must bow down and worship him.
No one man in the party is in himself so com-
I pletely the embodiment of Republican doc
trine as to suggest that he alone should be its
standard-bearer. The party has a glorious his
i tory; but thai history was not made by any
\ one man, living or dead. Any Intelligent Re
| publican can name a dozen men equally
; capable, equally patriotic, equally imbued
with Republican principles and Republican
, policies, any one ot whom would make a wise
i and safe President. We are, therefore, not
| suffering for lack oi material, but rather labor
ing under an embarrassment of riches.
Some of our most loyal supporters— for ex
| ample, the Sacramento Bee— insists upon mi
i structing to vote only for a free-silver candi
date. Many of us cannot bring ourselves to
believe thnt this would be wise, however much
we may wish to secure the best declaration
j upon silver possible and tde best candidate for
j silver possible. Every sound reason that can
I be urged against such instruction can be urged
i against instructing as to candidates. For
i myself, I am willing to declare that if we are
j to instruct our delegation at all we had better
j instruct upon some principle— for instance, the
free coinage of silver— than to instruct as to
I any one of the candidates now named or who
| may be named.
How can we at this remote distance from the
1 great centers of political thought, scarcely in
touch with the vast Interests that must be con-
I suited, with our own peculiar wants to pro-
I vide for— how can we safely forestall our own
I action or safely commit ourselves irrevocably
to any man's candidacy?
The Pacific Coast has never received just
recognition by any administration. It is en
titled, by reason of its varied and important
j industries, by reason of its location on the
map as the western entrance to our continent,
by reason of its contribution to the wealth of
the Nation and its promise of future greatness,
to a Cabinet office, at least. By wise counsels
and harmonious action I believe we can secure
this very important and very proper recog
nition from the next administration.
If we instruct for A or for B, we go with our
hands tied. We sink every opportunity to
urge the cause of silver, we leave entirely to
chance the hope of obtaining a place in the
Cabinet counsels, we push aside the peculiar
wants and demands of our region, and we
thus declare the man to be our paramount
object, and all other things subordinate.
No man can forecast the selection of the St.
Louis Convention. The beating of drums, the
manafaclured applause of assemblages, the
sporadic expression of groups of men polled at
I haphazzard, will not in my judgment control
the convention. We may by pledging our del
egates take them out of the list of those who
go there to consult, to deliberate, and finally
to do the wisest and best thing for the whole
country; but I predict that nevertheless it
will be a deliberate convention and will not be
carried off its feet by any maneuver whatever.
The Nation's idols are all dead and have gone
to their reward. There remaiu many worthy
to continue the great work of Lincoln, of
J Graut, of Garfield, of Logan, of Blame and the
i host of "Republican saints departed" ; but Ido
j not believe it wise for us to undertake to name
the one man among all the survivors who shall
I lead especially, as it is by no means certain
| that the one we name will be the choice of the
j convention. No aspiring candidate has so en-
I deared himself to the people of California by
any public service in her behalf as to have an
j exclusive right tJ claim our support.
I believe we shall go to the convention far
j stronger and much better equipped to serve
California by selecting delegates who, while
they may have personal preferences, may yet
feel at liberty to act for the good oi the State
and the Nation after meeting their fellow-
I delegates in convention. To instruct is to de
| prive them of all power either to combine with
I other Pacific Coast delegations or to exercise
j any influence in the convention beyond an
j nouncing the result of our pledge at the roll
; call.
Let our delegates go as representatives of the
■ Pacific Coast resolved to secure recognition of
i Pacific Coast interests first, and let the dele
| gates be unfettered in their choice of the man
; most likeiy to give our region that recognition.
Very truly yours. N. P. Chipman.
Benefit of Kergenut Mark's Family.
A grand benefit will be tendered to the
widow and orphans el' the late Sergeant A. C.
Marks of Company A, First Regiment, at B'nßi
« rith Hall, 121 Eddy street, Wednesday even
ing, April 29.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1896.
THE REPUBLICANS
AT SACRAMENTO
State Convention Delegates
Chosen Up to This
Time.
TWO LOCAL CONTESTS.
Congressional Committees to In
vestigate Two Charges of
Primary Frauds.
EVIDENCE WILL BE HEARD.
Contests From the Thirty-Third and
Thirty-Seventh Districts Before
the Committees.
The meetings of the Republican Con
gressional committees of the Fourth and
Fifth districts to act upon the returns from
county committees on delegates to the
State Convention will occur within a very
few days.
The Fourth District committee has one
contest before it and that contest will be
investigated and acted upon according to
the evidence produced.
H. W. Magary, N. J. Rogers, Egbert J.
Martin and George W. Pennington, who
were interested in the defeated opposition
ticket in the Thirty-third District, have
filed with C. C. liemis and J. Pockwitz,
chairman and secretary respectively of the
Fourth District Congressional committee,
a contest, supported by affidavits in which
fraud und failure to give the minority fac
tion proper representation are alleged.
The members of this Congressional com
mittee say that the charges will be fully
investigated and that fairness will rule
their action.
The Fifth District committee will also
consider the contest in the Thirty-seventh
District. All delegates to be duly accred
ited must receive credentials from the
Congressional committees. These com
mittees are the bodies to which full power
to select delegates to the State Convention
was delegated by the State Central Com
mittee, and these committees in turn
delegated this duty to the county com
mittees of their respective districts, be
lieving that a home-rule policy should be
carried out.
This policy has been carried out in San
Francisco by the holding of a primary
election by the regularly constituted party
authorities, who were themselves chosen
by the people, and in the management of
this primary the policy of the County
Committee lias been to allow the people of
the various districts the fullest freedom in
nominating and electing their representa
tives in the State Convention, providing
the machinery for a free vote and an
honest count of the ballots. Now. in two
of the eighteen districts of the City de
feated factions have come forth with
crievances which are based on alleged
frauds at the polls.
The Congressional committees are the
canvassing and returning boards and they
will first act upon these contests. The
only further appeal is to the convention
itself. It is quite possible that the two
contests now at issue will not reach the
State Convention, for it would be unlikely
that the judgments of the Congressional
committees would ever appear to be in
danger of reversal.
John E. Richards, secretary of the Fifth
District Congressional committee yester
day received from Chairman William
Moir and Secretary J. D. McKenzie of the
Santa Clara County Republican commit
tee the certificate of the appointment of
the delegates from that county.
A large number of the counties of the
State have now selected their delegates to
the State Convention. Some have in
structed their delegates for McKinley, but
a majority have sent uninstructed dele
gations. The roll of convention delegates
as announced up to this time is as follows:
San Francisco Fourth Congressional District
Twenty-eighth District— James H. Daley, \V. S.
Russell, Henry D. Miller, Thomas J. Tully,
Albert Houston.
Twenty-ninth District— F. Hageman, J. T.
Cook, D. Crowley, E. J. Smith. J. McNamara.
Thirtieth District— E. B. Griffith, C. F. Metz
ner, I. 8. Cohen, J. Gilleran, H. Benjamin, F.
E. Wallace.
Thirty-first District— William Rmadeke. J. F.
McGlynu, D. K. McMullen, J. F. Goodwin, P
Dolan.
Thirty-second District— Thomas C. Duff, John
Heilman, John A. Buck, Zach T. Whitten.
Thirty-third District— J. C. Welch, J. A. C.
Dierks, J. E. Koster, Louis Holden, Thomas
Kendricks, Charles Brown, VV. W. McGary, T.
R. MoLeod, Egbert J. Martin, N. J. Rogers,
George W. Pennington, R. Pengelly.
Thirty-ninth District— Con O'Connor, John
Tuttlc, Martin Stevens, Hugh Fraser, George
Cawley, W. J. Herrin, H. Burdell, Solomon
Miller, h. W. Fairall.
Forty-second District— F. S. Chadbourne,
Hurry W. Gray. John M. Chretien, Thomas D.
Riordan, O. L. Swett, H. A. Kuchmeister, Dr.
G. P. Drucker, Milton D. Garralt.
Forty-third District— J. A. Cunningham, A.
W. Martin, John Lackman, M. J. Flynn, Fred
Lundquist, Charles Son n tag, David Connors.
Forty-fourth District— E. C. Palmieri, George
Waterman, John J. Gleason, D. W. Wessen
berg, R. L. ClarK, G. Bacigalupi.
Forty-fifth District— Thomas F. Duffy, Wil
liam D. Wood, William Lennox, James Carr,
Kmile Borzone.
San Francisco, Fifth Congressional District,
Thirty-Fourth District— J. K. C. Hobbs, S. L.
Lent, Cord, H. Wetjen. George W. Elder,
E. B. Smith, Henry Beasly, E.W.Eustace,
Henry Butmer.
Thirty-fifth District— John D. Spreckels, John
D. Daly, D. I. Newkirk, C. M. Depew, D. b\ Mul
ville. E. N. Torrelio.
Thirty-sixth District— W. H. Chapman, W. S.
Thargood, H. Smith, W. Linden, J. McCarthy,
Charles Lernpe, Henry E. Holmes.
Thirty-seventh District— C. O. Burton, G. A.
Wentworth, John H. Hegler, John H. Gray, A.
J. Raisch, James Alva Watt, Fred Eggers, John
Gallagher.
Thirty-eighth District— John L. Koster, W. 8.
Ray, Andrew McElroy, E. P. Barrett, Gustave
Pohlman, E. H. AiKeltinger. Richard O'Don
nell. W. A. Halsted.
Fortieth District— Max Brooks, William Wil
kinson, W. L. Cole. B. D. Pike, John H. Nob
man, 11. W. Miller, Bert F. Miller, John B. Car
son. Thomas Eager.
Forty-first District— O. B. Baldwin, Wallace
Bradford, J. D. Boyer, I. F. Kydd, Edward Fox,
Charles Wilkinson, George T. Phelps, R. A.
Grier, Charles Burdett.
Santa Clara County— Jnmes W. Rea, S. F.
Ayer, Fred Ellis, J. A. Sargent, R. R. Bulmore,
Ken Massol. A. McDonald, A. S. Mangrum, P.
K. Drew, G. W. Scott, L. L. Nattinger, Philo
Mersey, J. R. Hersey, J. R. Norton, F. C.
Franck, Miles Hollister, S. L. Chase, George E.
Rea, George Dunlap, M. America, J. R. Johns,
A. Lake, H. V. Morehouse, S. G. Tompkins, E.
P. Main, George Taylor, Frank Covey, L. Bare.
Alanieda County — The "regular" dele
prates—Those to be appointed direct by the
Alameda County members of the Third
Congressional committee have not yet
been named. Opposition delegates were
on Monday elected at a convention held in
Oakland, the delegates to which were
elected at a primary backed by a very
large portion of the Republicans of Ala
meda County. Th:s contesting delegation
of forty-seven is as follows:
First Ward— F. K. Mott and E. M. Long.
Second Ward— P. It. Klein, John A. Sands, J
E. Faniham. Alternate, P. M. Fisher.
Tliird Ward— J. W. Nelson, Frank A. Leach,
Htiph Aidrich and W. M. Dimmick.
Fourth Ward— Hoover T. Bickel, Thomas
Pearsen, Wyckliff Matthews. Alternates— M. D.
Merritt and J. D. Fowler.
HFifth Ward — Mack Webber and Charles
Roeth.
Sixth Ward— J. N. Valentine and N. W.
LeitcU.
Seventh JVVard — George C. Pardee. N. W.
Evans, N. W. Spaulding and K. E. Hansen.
Alameda — Reed Jones E. yon Schmidt,
Colonel Babcock, Fred E. Jenkins, Alex Hay,
w . B. Hodges. Alternates— Elmer Johnston, I.
>. Chapman, N. C. Larsen. Thomas White and
C.W. Petre.
Berkeley— F. K. Shattuck, Thomas Rickard,
Robert Edgar, J. T. Morrison. Alternates— J. R.
Ay res and F. N. Lowell
Brooklyn— V. T. Hush, C. A. Tyrrell. Alter
nate—A. C. Fay.
Oakland Township— W. W. Knickerbocker
and R. E. Langworthy. Alternates— C. A. Mil
ler and Captain C. A. Poulter.
Eden— S. Huff, W. E. Meek, A. W. Schaffer
and D. M. Connor.
Tfte delegates-at-laree for the Assembly dis
tricts are as follows ■
Forty-sixth-E. K. Strowbridge.
Forty-seventh— William Higby.
lorty-eighth-H. A. Powell?
Forty-nlnth-Chanes L. Pierce.
Fiftieth-W. R. Davis.
Fifty-first— w. C. Moran.
Marin— R. s. Alexander, W. P. Taylor, Com
modore Harrison, George Mason, J. W. Ath
erton and T. S. Bonneau, delegate-at-large.
The counties having selected their rep
resentatives and the delegates named are
as follows:
Sonoma— J. C. Hollowav, George O. Camp
bell, \\. S. Staley, E. F. Woodward, M. V. Van
derhoof, J. W. Hagsdale, J. M. Streining, J. F.
Smith, D. E. McKinlay, Harreson Mecham,
Lyman Green, Robert Brown, J. B. Wattles, C.
H. Pond, L. A. Norton. T. C. Putnam, W. F.
Price, W. F. Graham, W. Orr.
Sgn Diego— J. w. Thompson, H. L. Emery,
W.W. Stewart, A. F. Dell. W. R. Guy, 1. B. Dud
ley, E. A. Hornbeck, J, B. Pearson, George Me-
Neill, Chester Gunn, M. A. Luce, J. A. Gibson,
J. C. Long, Simon Levi, E. B. Spileman, C. D.
Boyd.
Isapa— Frank L. Coombs, R. H. Sterling,
Percy S. King, s. E. Holaen, George S. He-
Kenzie, Andrew Jackson, G. W. Strohl, A. L.
Williams, A. N. Bell, F. B. Mackinder, W. F.
Fisher.
Contra Costa— James Rankin, M. B. Ivory,
Dr. J. 8. Riley, J.L.Geary, C. M. Belshaw, J.
H. Martin, E. Hutchinson, O. C. Luelling, W.
Buchanan.
Placer— C. F. Reed, F. P. Tuttle, John M. Ful
weiler, H. T. Power, H. C. Trippet, J. M. K.
Mauley, T. J. Nichols, Allen Towle, Edward
Palifka. ,
Shasta— Judge Sweeny, J. J. Wheelock, A.
Schuman, John Kessler, John Spolman, Ed M.
Swasey.
Siskiyou— R. S. Taylor, R. J. Nixon, C. B. Jel
lison, E. B. Cavanaugh, L. F. Coburn, J. D.
Ayer, James Stevens, E. S. Tomblin.
Yolo— Mark Cnainberlain, J. O. Chalmers, Ed
Archer, W. O. Russell. A. J. Thomas, J. A. Mof
fett, C. L. Richmond.
Tehama— N. p. Chipman, E. C. Pendleton, W.
F. Maggard, A. Simpson, D. Dodson.
Del Norte— John L. Childs, Dr. A. A. Dupuy.
Las6en— Jules Alexander, John Cahlan, E. V.
Spencer.
Merced— W. J. Jameson, A. F. Pedrerie, C. H.
Cary.
Nevada— Rev. L. J. Garver, W. J. Rogers, J.
F. Kidder.
Plumas— George Standart, U. S. Webb, F. B.
Hosselkus, P. Pedrini.
Solano — A. Huckins, J. J. Luchsinger, James
JNevins and G. V. Carter.
Sierra— A. J. Meraux, J. O. Jones, W. Don
aldson, J. B. Irish and A. S. Nichols.
Humboldtr-N. Bullock. L. J. Marshall, Wil
liam Wallace, A.W. Hill. N. H. Falk, Dr. Ilorel,
Dr. Marvin, G. O. Johnson, John Dinsmore, D.
A. Francis, E. B. Barnum and W. B. Alford.
Yuba— W. M. Cutter, D. E. Knight, J. C.
White, G. W. Hutchins, A. C. Irwin and S. D.
Woods.
Sutter— A. H. Wilbur, R. C. Kells, Irwin
Griffiths and A. H. Hewitt.
Riverside— O. B. Fuller, P. S. Castleman, Dr.
C. W. Craven, W. W. Phelps, D. G. Mitchell, J.
T. Nance, T. E. Ellis, A. G. Munnaud L. Middle
coff.
Mendoclno— T. L. Carothers, John Mewhin
ney, F. C. Handy, A. M. Duncan, L. Van Dusen,
George A. Sturtevimt, E. F. de Camp, J. C.
Ford and P. W. McPhail.
San Benito— R. I. Orr, Robert Stephenson, A.
D. Shaw and Thomas Flint.
FIRED FOR ECONOMY ONLY
Pacific Rolling-Mills Prepared to
Meet the Keen Compe
tition.
Belief That the Mills Did Not Gat
What Was Its Due in
Reciprocity.
The Potrero is still in a ferment over the
changes that have been made in the heads
of departments during the past week in
the Pacific Kolling-mills. The resignation
of Manager Charles M. Keeney. followed
a few days later by the retirement of Mas
ter Mechanic Bedford A. Tingley and of
Assistant Mechanic Henry Wynne, caused
the wildest rumors to prevail.
The fact that several of the heads of de
partments were interested in other iron
concerns, notably the Pacific Axle Works
and the Atlas and the .Etna works, was a
prominent factor in the gossip. It was re
ported that those small concerns, while
receiving from the Pacific Rolling-mills
work on iron castings, had not recipro
cated by ordering steel rails from the
mills, but had got them from the East.
On these points President Coleman was
very reticent. He gave it out that the
resignations and removals had been made
solely with a view to economy in order to
meet the competition of Eastern goods
made with cheaper coal than can be had
in San Francisco.
He was asked last night by a Call re
porter whether there was any truth in the
report that large quantities of material had
been missing from the storeroom, and he
replied that there was no foundation for
the story and that he was at a loss to un
derstand how such a rumor could have
been started.
Then the question was asked whether
any further removals were in contempla
tion. Mr. Coleman, after a pause, said the
directors had not yet got settled down to
the new order of things, but that when the
consolidations in departments had had an
opportunity to be tested he had no doubt
that other removals and consolidations
would be made.
When asked as to whether the directors
were dissatisfied with the manner in which
employes of the mills had handted the
work given out to the smaller establish
ments already mentioned, Mr. Coleman
said that, of course, the persons who had
control of the giving out of that work
could make a point for the smaller con
cerns. Beyond this, however, Mr. Cole
man declined to commit himself.
Patrick Noble, the superintendent, was
at bis post in the Market-street office yes
terday. He said that the statements al
ready published were erroneous and had
done all the parties concerned an injustice.
He emphatically denied that there was
any reason other than economy for the
changes already made, and flatly declined
to talk upon the probability of others in
toe future.
An air of mystery hung over the Potrero
like fog on Mount Tamaipais last night.
The hotel men, saloon-keepers and others
who derive much of their support from the
men working in the rolling-mills and the
foundries were as reticent as Potrero
clams as to expressing an opinion. There
was an oppressive stagnation in the air
that seemed to forebode tome kind of an
earthquake, and reporters were avoided
with as much assiduity as though they
were tax-collectora or importunate credi
tors.
The preparation of the big castings re
quired for The Call's new building will
keep the mill going for many months to
come. There are also many big orders on
the books for railroad iron. The material
for the tracks of the Folsom-street elec
tric road is a bit; order in itself, and the
work will require a master machinist.
In the meanwhile the Potrero is in sus
pense waiting for. the next move on the
industrial chessboard.
A Fair at Half Price.
The next Mechanics' Fair is to bo given with
the co-operation of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association and will be primarily
an exhibition of the products and manufact
ured articles of California. That was agreed
U P°P !&te last night at a meeting of the board
of directors of the institute. Oue very impor
tant feature of the new arrang?tni;:>t is the
reduction in the price of admission t0 25 cents.
Owls cannot move their eyes round : but
to obviate this difficulty they are able to
turn their heads round in almost a com
plete circle without a motion of the body.
TO BUILD OR
HIRE A HOME?
That Is the Question Now
Vexing Pacific-Union
Clubmen.
•
THEIR ANNUAL MEETING
Peculiar Election Tactics Adopted
by the Advocates of
Progress.
THE RAILROAD INFLUENCE.
Regime of the P'acid May Be Retired
in Favor of Up-to-Date Man
agement.
The Pacific-Union Club had an interest
ing, if not a wildly excitine, election yes
terday. An annual election for directors
of that placid and wealthy institution is
not heralded by a display of posters, the
engagement of carriages to bring in voters
and active button-holing in the rooms to
promote the success of any candidate or
ticket.
There was only one ticket in the field yes
terday, but the opposition to the senti
ment which that ticket is supposed to
represent made its influence known in
a positive but somewhat extraordinary
manner. In order for one to comprehend
the peculiar features of the contest it
should be explained that in the club elec
tion May 30, 1893, seven directors were
chosen which, with the eight then in of
fice, created a board of fifteen. Three
classes of five each were then created — the
first class to retire April, 1894; the second
April, 1895, and the third April, 1896.
Aside from the five to go out of office this
year by expiration of term there were four
other vacancies, making nine. The follow
ing was presented as the regular ticket:
WinfieM S. Keyes, John W. C. Maxwell,
Charles A. Grow, Evan J. Coleman, Bernard
Faymonville, George T. Marye, Clark W. Mc-
Afee, Eusebius J. Molera, George A. Newhall.
The constitution of the club provides
that the election to membership in tne
board of directors shall be held by ballot
at each annual meeting of the club or at
the first special meetine following the an
nual meeting immediately after its organ
ization, and tnat the polls shall remain
open two hours.
In case the certificate of the inspectors
shows that all the vacancies have not
been filled at the election, the meeting
shall be adjourned for two weeks, at which
adjourned meeting the election to till
those vacancies shall proceed as before re
quired.
The constitution also provides that fifty
members shall constitute a quorum at any
meeting of the club. Another provision,
and one very significant now, is that a
majority of all the votes cast shall be nec
essary to the election of a member of the
board of directors, either to a place in the
incoming class or to till a vacancy in either
of the other classes.
In the Pacific-Union Club there exists,
according to tradition, a progressive ele
ment, and the members representing that
element recently resolved to make their
influence perceptible. Accordingly it was
decided to vote for one, or perhaps two or
three of the candidaies on the regular
ticket, but to refrain from voting for the
others.
By common consent of the progressive
opposition it was decided to cast a strong
vote for Gorge A. Newhall, elect him,
and by refusing to vote for the others
force a special election under the opera
tion of that section of the constitution
•which prescribes that a majority of all the
votes cast shall be necessary to the elec
tion of a member of the board of directors.
The progressive element in the lirst
place wants a new clubhouse — a home for
all time. The leaders of the up-to-date
element hold that the club is too rich and
respectable to live in a hired house. They
hold that the Pacific-Union, as one of the
leading clubs of the world, should emerge
from old fogyism and join the column of
modern high-class social organizations.
A club home on land owned by the club
and a house for club use, with no part of
it rented for stores, should be provided.
It is time, they hold, that the manage
ment of the institution should be taken
from the few who use the club for after
noon siesta, and who seem to hava no
higher ideal of club existence than the
mere pleasures of rhe dinner-table and the
easy lounging chair 3.
Other members of the club who do not
exactly belong to the progressive element
fancy that there is too much Southern Pa
cific influence in club management. In
dividuals connected hiphly with that cor
poration have been placed on club
pedestals in a figurative sense, and it Is
time now they should come off the perch.
As one member expressed it: "We
might as well go down to the yellow
building at once as to consult the railroad
in everything that is proposed."
A reduction of annual dues from $120 to
$75 a year das been discussed, but the
proposition has not been submitted in due
form to the members. This reduction
would mean the loss of $20,(XK) a year to
the income of the institution.
Considerable feeling, which may be de
scribed as suppressed excitement, was
manifested at the annual meeting yester
day. The managers of the club are not
disposed to discuss the question publicly,
but among themselves the members talk
with a great deal of earnestness
The new board of directors of the Pa
cific-Union as soon as organized will elect
a president for the ensuing year to suc
ceed Joseph B. Crockett. So much inter
est has centered in the election of direct
ors that not much attention has been given
to the presidency.
In the club the president does not have
a great deal of power. The house com
mittee is the responsible body and the
chairman of that committee really holds
the reins of management.
Inquiry at the club last night failed to
elicit the information whether the progres
sive element had succeeded in the design
to compel another election. From outside
sources it was learned that the election
was incomplete and that more votine
would follow. B
FATHER YORKE'3 LECTURE.
The Chancellor's Next Address Will Be
Given To-Morrow Evening.
The second lecture of the course, "The
Dragon's Teeth on Civil ana Religious
Liberty," by Rev. Peter C. Yorke, under
the auspices of the American Women's
Liberal League, will be given to-morrow
evening at Metropolitan Temple. The
tickets for single and reserved seats are
for sale at the headquarters of the league,
room 63, Donohoe building, corner Tayior
and Market streets.
A Lamp Explosion.
The explosion of a coal oil lamp l«st evening
shortly alter 7 o'clock caused a $300 blaze in
the two-story frame dwelling owned by Mrs
Cochran and occupied by A. P. Shannon and
l. Doyle. The loss was fully covered by insure
ance. The alarm was from box 284.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. Kyan &. Ryan, 10 Mongomery avenue, •
NEW TO-DAT-DHT GOODS. ._^-^-X J^_. ..
BLACK A! COLORED
DEPARTMENTS!
On Monday, April 20th, we will ex-
hibit another elegant collection of
NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS, in both
COLORED and BLACKS. Our assort-
ment is now complete in every respect
and embraces all the very latest Nov-
elties, as shown in PARIS and NEW
\ / r\ r^ \s
YORK.
m tit a 50 pieces Black French Mo-
lWlf hair Annum, 48 inches
n _ m T wide, price $1.00 a yard
SPECIAL 7 5 pieces 46-Inch Two-
Toned French Covert
R 4 It \ INS Cloth > assorted wloriDgg
DilftUillllO . . -price $1.00 a yard
TEIjEFHONE TX/I* TIVT 0777.
.-
1892 jf fjf #^ vf
ill. 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
JEANIE BAKER'S WALK
With a Companion, She Came
From Los Angeles, Go-as*
You-Please.
A Bright Up-to-Date Bloomer Girl
Surprises Her Relatives in
Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 21.— Jeanie
Baker, a young lady, arrived in
Alameda yesterday from Los Angeles,
whence she claimed to have "walked"
since Friday. She varied the tramping
with a trip on a steamer and "beating her
way," according to her own story.
The adventurous heroine surprised her
brother-in-law, Constable yon Kapff, by
walking in upon him yesterday. She was
clad in bloomers and a natty waist.
Miss Baker is a bright, intelligent young
lady of the brunette type, about 18 years
of age. Though of only medium height
she is shapely and has a good carriage,
together with a pair of laughing, merry
eyes that are her passport into everybody's
good graces.
This is her story:
•'You see my people are all at Long
Beach, and I was working in Los Angeles
alone. There, about a fortnight ago, I
met another young lady named Lucie
Bordeaux, and we got quite chummy. She
had been doing some reportine work there
for a newspaper called, I think the Pacific
Field. She wanted to go to San Francisco
and so did L We talked the matter over
and decided to walk the distance together."
Notes.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 21. — The
following citizens of Alameda have
been impaneled on the new Grand Jury
for Alameda County: Linwood Palmer,
Thomas White, C. C. Volberg, Abel Thorn
ton. Linwood Palmer has the honor of
being chosen the secretary.
At the meeting of the Board of Educa
tion this evening only C. W. Brown, J. K.
Lanktree and E. Bryan were in attendance,
Mr. i rown acting as chairman. Only rou
tine business was transacted. Two appli
cations for employment as teachers were
received. Mr. Baltheimer was appointed
temporarily as janitor of the Encinal
school.
Bills to the amount of $110 were ordered
paid. City Attorney Taylor presented a
petition in favor of Captain Charles
Evans for employment as janitor. No re
port was received from the secretary and
the meeting stood adjourned.
Alex J. Wetzlar, the weil-known fire ad
juster for the leading fire companies, died
at 6 o'clock this evening aged 42. He was
a Mason of high standing and will be
buried under bis lodge's direction. His
death was the result of consumption, to
alieviate which lie had been wintering in
Redlands and Los Aneeles, returning to
Alameda a fortnight ago.
City Clerk Lamborn received this morn
intr a lengthy letter from Congressman
Hilborn on the subject of the appropria
tion for the New Alameda Postoffice. Now
there seems little or no prospect of the
necessary amount trettin through this
session. Congressman Hilborn explains
that the doughty Speaker, Hon. Thomas
Reed, will not allow any of the public
building biils to be placed on the calendar.
Very frequently when the shores of the
Irish Sea are wraped in mist or fog, and
drenched witli rain, the Isle of Man is lying
beneath a cloudless sky, batned in sun
shine. In fact, a few hours' journey from,
say. one of the towns of southeast Lan
cashire, makes as great a change in the
climatic surroundings of the traveler as
would a journey from London to the
Riviera in February.
In a square mcli of the human scalp the
hairs number about lOOu, and the whole
number on an adult scalp is about 120,000.
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-)
ing room, Bedroom and> ©7X f\(\
Kitchen ) <JWO.UU
Solid Oak Bedroom Suit, 6) Qi ft A
' pieces. Bevel mirror, 22x28f $JLU. OI/
Large Assortment Fancy Oak) <j>l KA
and Mahogany Rockers...:) «pl.Ol/
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases.) £» 4 AA
highly polished f cHr.UU
And Upward
Fine Parlor Suits, upholstered) C*C)X f\(\
in brocatelle f *]?—•). \)\J
And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) pr A p+«
Brussels and Ingrains, V O\J V-/LS
sewed, laid and 1ined......) and upward
Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
furnished all over the Coast on easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. Gooda
pAcked and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. Inspection cordially invited and
credit extended to all.
M. FRIEDMAN & GO.,
224, 228, 23!) and 306 and 308
STOCKTON STREET ,
And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone, Main 1328. Oren Evening*,
FOR .
■can d ii ■
;. « Fine Tailoring
■i • ''f- '■ 'J£ Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
WOE Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
J^M, THE TAILOR.
/ §pi PANTS made to order from $4.00
ii SUITS made to order from $15.00
*| I MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
?"N ?f R ARE THE BUT IN THE 6TATC.
W^i, 201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bush
724 Market St. 1110 1112 Market St
.___ »AN FRANCISCO.
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
Bit DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAB IKON 51. 75 base
ATiCLE IRON 2.15 flat
BAND IRON.. 2.00 ••
Round Edge Tire SteeL 2.10 flat
Toe " 2.50 "
Plow " 2.25 "
German Hammered" 3.75 baas
Pick " 4.00 "
Machinery " 2.00 •«
Spring .".".. 2.50 "
Cold Boiled  " ......... 3.25 "
Finished Shafting: 3.25 "
J Terms Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. CO.
I ....... SAN FRAXCI9CO.
THE DEIMEL
Linen-Mesh Underwear
Healthy. Comfortable, Cleanly, Durable.
FOR BALE AT THE STORE OF
The Deimel Linen-Mesh System Company,
111 Montgomery St., Opp. Occidental Hotel.
BO m»tur ho. ob.Un.te or to n '«t^dm? P Kif7'i P IS?
or km br mil! for 50 eto jEji'l $ ]!l? UUi SS