VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 135.
NATIVES ATTACK
BRAND'S FORCE
Five Whites Killed and
J Sixteen Wounded in
a Battle.
FIGHT NEAR BULUWAYO.
Matabeles Surround a Laager
Formed by the Assailed
Party.
REPULSED WITH HEAVY LOSS.
One Hundred and Fifty Blacks Fall in
• the Fray The S.tuation
S*ricus. .
LONDON, En.;., April 12.— A dispatch
dated Buluwayo yesterday says that mes
sengers who have arrived there report that
a large force of Matabeles attacked Cap
tain Brand and his party of 130 men. A
laager was formed, which was completely
surrounded by the blacks. The whites
maae a desperate tight. Finally, wtien all
their ammunition was exhausted and their
guns were disabled, they fought their way
through the lines of the Matabeles, losing
live killed and sixteen wounded.
• The Matabeles were armed with Martini
rides. It is estimated that they lost 150
killed and wounded.
Matters are daily becoming more seri
ous.
The Telegraph will to-morrow publish a
dispatch from Pretoria saying that, two
large Matabele regiments are Killing oxen
and holding war dances twelve miles from
Buluwayo.
HOLMES 1 QUEER LETTERS.
Would Sell a Confession to Gain Funds
With Which to Hire Lawyers
to Clear His Name.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ln_., April 12.—Acuri
o*us series of letters was to-night turned
over to the United Press by H. W. Bul
lock, attorney for the murderer, H. H.
Holmes, written by Holmes from his cell
in the Philadelphia County Prison. Bul
lock was retained by Holmes after his con
viction to collect evidence to clear him of
the murder of young Howard Pitzel, sup
posed to hare be«n cum milted at a cottage '
rented by Holmes in Irvington, a suburb !
of Indianapolis.
In his letters Holmes gives copious
notes of evidence to be secured, and in one
he makes out a regular brief, which he
urges Bullock to ret Wisbard, the attor
ney of "the Franklin family," as he calls
his wife's people, to use in clearing the
case up in their minds. He says in one of
his letters that he has no hope of saving
his life, but is anxious to have this inves
tigation pursued after his execution. All
the way through he gives evidence of
being pressed for money, and finally de
clares that he will have to fall back upon
the offer of a newspaper syndicate of $5000
for a confession.
SCOFFED AT THE EAGLE.
Cause of the Trouble Between
Ballington Booth and
His General.
America and the Americans Disliked
by the Salvation Army's
Commander-in-Chief.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 12.—Com
mander and Mrs. Pallington Booth to
night gave out a statement, of which the
following is an abstract:
Since our statement, written in response to
the urgings we received to inaugurate a new
movement, was issued we avoided making any
reply to the inaccurate statements which have
from time to time appeared in print from the
recent leaders of tne Salvation Army. It was
our intention to maintain tnls silence, but
during the last few days news has reached as
That portions of our private letters are being
shown by London ' representatives, who are
putting their own interpretations upon our
reasons for our present position.
Hearing of this our friends and our officers,
who wish their position at our side to be un
derstood, urge us to state some of our reasons
for deciding not to take another command
under international government.
The general's visit was the primary cause
between us and himself. From first to last he
impressed us with his displeasure and his dis
satisfaction with us personally and with our
method of administering affairs. We loved
and understood this country. He exhibited
prejudice and misconception of it and its peo
ple. He objected to the display of the Na
tional flag upon our badges and in our halls
and homos. He said the time had arrived to
cease carrying the stars and stripes at the
head of our parades.
He objected to the use of the eagle upon our
crests and insignias, and constantly spoke de
preciatingly of the country, Its people and its
institutions. Our constant defense and ex
planation in answer to his attacks only in
creased the difficulty. He spoke no word in
public of approval of our toil, service or suc
cess, and in other ways that we need not men
tion made the visit one of the bitterest expe
rience of our lives.
During our experience in America we have
gradually become convinced that the 6_stem
of governing the work in this country from a
foreign center by laws made by those unaware
of the needs and conditions of the country Is
neither wise nor practical. "7*77
The roles and regulations governing the
army to the minutest detail were being made
in England, and the commissioners of foreign
commands were obliged to enforce them;
though they themselves had in no wise been
consulted on the formation of the same.
For years we had not been consulted on the
important moves ana innovations of the army,
although supposed to be. During his last inter
view in America i he general stated that he
wished us to assist the struggling work in
Canada by giving up a certain portion of the
United States to be annexed to the Dominion.
We expressed our willingness to further assist
our comrades in Canada (having already helped
The San Francisco Call.
them financially), but that the annexation of
American territory to Canada was quite im
practicable and would damage the work. :3 -V 7'7
Our arguments carried no weight and the
general considered them unreasonable. When
we spoke of the National feeling he closed the
controversy by drawing his fingers down the
map of North America in three sections, de
claring that ultimately he intended to cut the
country in three, joining each to a section of
Canada, to break down any National feeling
existing. We said such a division would ruin
the work in this country, where the unbroken
union of the States meant so much.
After the general's return to England a long
correspondence followed, in which we gave a
number of reasons against this annexation.
Though they could not carry our judgment
they forced us to make the annexation, and at
the present time the army work in Dakota,
North Montana and North Washington is gov
erned from Toronto, and we have been told
that the officers hardly dare to let the citizens
of these cities know that their money goes 10
the Canadian headquarters.
LIONIZING YAMAGATA.
Warmly Welcomed to the Empire State and
Governor Morton's Staff Placed at
His Disposal.
BUFFALO. N. V., . April 12. — Count
Yamagata, the field marshal of the Japa
nese army, who is passing through this
country on his way to St. Petersburg, where
he will attend the coronation of the Czar,
reached Buffalo on the Michigan Central
Express at 6:15 p. m. He was accompanied
by his suite.
Just before the arrival of the Japanese
party eleven members of Governor Mor
ton's military staff, commanded by Adju
tant-General McAlpin, lined up on the
station platform ready to receive the Ori
ental visitors. As soon as Count "Yamagata
stepped from the train he was greeted by
General McAlpin, who said: "By order of
the Governor of the State of New York I
extend to you a hearty welcome to the
Empire State, and place at your disposal
the services of the staff."
Count Yamagata, through his interpre
ter, thanked General McAlpin for his
warm welcome and said he was exceed
ingly pleased at the presence of the mili
tary officers. The Count was at once es
corted to a carriage and, accompanied by
General McAlpin, Colonel Marvin, the
Governor's military secretary, and the
Japanese interpreter, was driven to the
Iroquois Hotel, where apartments had
been engaged foi the party. The other
officers entered carriages awaiting and
followed immediately behind to the hotel.
Shortly before 8 o'clock the military staff
escorted the Japanese general to the ban
quet-hall, where an elaborate menu was
served.
«
MYSTERIOUS POISOXIXG.
A German Couple found Dead in Bed at
Milwaukee.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., April 12.— John
Hoefs and his wife, Mathilda Hoefs, were
found dead in their beds early this morn
ing. The bodies were discovered by little
Bertha, their only child, a girl of 9 years.
A post-mortem' examination showed that
both the deceased had died from the effects
of arsenic.' Neither the relatives nor the
neighbors of the Hoefs family can account
for the death of the couple, as there was
no visible reason whatsoever for suicide.
Mr. and Mrs. Hoefs lived happily together
and were never known to quarrel. They
lived in comfortable circumstances."" Mr.
Hoefs was 44 and his wife 39 years of age.
BUTT MISE DISASTER.
Four Bodies Recovered— Two Still Under
the Mas* of Debris.
BUTTE, Mont., April 12.— The bodies
of John McVeigh, James Dwyer and John
Quinlan, three of the six men. blown up
in the St. Lawrence mine yesterday, were
recovered to-day. The body of Con
Lowney was taken out yesterday.. Two
more. Edward Shields and Pat O'Rourke,
are still under the mass of debris but will
probably be recovered during the night.
The position of the bodies indicates that
the men were running in different direc
tions when the explosion occurred, and
were evidently aware that it was coming
and tried to get away. The body of Dwyer
was about fifty feet from that of the
others.
WILD WEATHER IX NEBRASKA.
Heavy Rains All Over the State— Flood*
and Blizzards.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 12.— Rain has
fallen all over Nebraska to-day, except in
the extreme west and in quantity the
greatest since that of June, 1891. In
York county it almost amounted to a
cloudburst, the town of Gresham report
ing seven and Bradshaw six inches.
Bridges spanning small streams have been
washed out. The average for the State is
about two inches. Despite minor dam
age the rain is very welcome. It has
j turned cold in Western Nebraska to-night
and Ogallala reports a blizzard. .
SEXATOR TELLER ROBBED.
The Silver Champion Relieved of $100 by
a riekpocket.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 12.— United
States Senator Teller, .while. riding on a
streetcar to-night, was made the victim of
a pickpocket, who succeeded in robbing
the Senator of a sum of money somewhat
in excess of $100.
DANGEROUSLY ILL.
Ex-Senator Trumbull Stricken at the
Grave of Hi* Friend.
BELLEVILLE, 111., April 13.— Ex-
United States Senator Lyman Trumbull is
dangerously ill in this city. He was
stricken after delivering the funeral ora
tion at the grave of his lifelong friend, ex
j Governor Koerner yesterday.
Bloodhound* Lose a Murderer* Trail.
CARROLLTON, Mo., April There
have been no new developments to-day re
garding the escape of George Taylor, the
condemned murderer of the Meeks family.
Bloodhounds could only trace him a short
distance from the jail. J Large posses of
men are scouring the country, but his
capture is not expected. Fears are ex
pressed that Bill Taylor, who was re
captured, may be lynched. >"»..*:
Suicide of a Chicago Merchant.
CHICAGO, 111., April 12. — Barney
Josephs, once a prosperous and well-to-do
Chicago dry-goods merchant, committed
suicide last night by taking ammonia.
Josephs was ruined financially through
the failure of his father-in-law, Joseph
Swarts, for whom Josephs had indorsed
notes for many thousand dollars.
Ex-Senator Ingalls' Alines*.
ATCHISON, Kans., April 12.—Ex-Sena
tor John J. Ingalls is still confined to his
room by a severe cold which he contracted
on his trip north a few weeks ago, and his
friends are exercised about him. Members
of the family, however, say that hi. condi
tion is not alarming.
SATS FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, APRIL 13, 1896.
" I'm the man who broke the bank at Monte Carlo."
THOSE CUBAN
RESOLUTIONS
Leading. Members of Both
Houses of Congress Are
Interviewed.
CALM AFTER THE STORM.
Having Voted Their Convictions
They Patiently Wait on
the President.
HITT'S SIGNIFICANT OPINION.
Thinks a Proclamation Will Soon Be
Issued Recognizing Cuban
Belligerency.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.— A care
ful canvass of the House of Representa
tives on Saturday showed a complete ces
sation of excitement over the Cuban situa
tion. The sympathy of the members is
still obviously with the insurgents, but
some unexpected circumstances will be
necessary to rouse them to action again.
The general expression of opinion on both
sides of the chamber was that Congress
had done its duty by adopting by an over
whelming vote the resolutions declaring
that the insurgents were entitled to bel
ligerent rights. Having done this, and the
matter now being in the hands of the
President, it is deemed better to leave it
there. --.', f ;•"*..--.. ■
While not openly expressed there was a
tacit admission by many of the conspicu
ous leaders that the House would be acting
unfriendly to the President in adopting a
joint resolution of belligerency, which it
would be mandatory upon him to approve
or to veto.
Democrats generally, who claim to have
familiarized themselves with the subject,
assert that recognition is purely an exec
utive function, and that the House would
not be justified in going further than de
fining its own position. It was not
doubted, however, that if a joint resolu
tion should come before the House it
would pass, though by a majority much
less than that which was given to the Sen
ate resolutions a week ago. It is also be
lieved by members who would oppose such
a measure that it could be carried through
the House over the President's veto.
There is one gentleman, however, who
does not agree with his associates as to the
President's probable action. This is Mr.
Hitt of Illinois, chairman of the House
Foreign affairs Committee, whose promi
nence in the several Cuban debates gives
to his utterances an especial significance.
Mr. Hitt regards it as likely that President
Cleveland will, within a reasonable- time,
issue a proclamation recognizing the bel
ligerency of the Cubans. He does not
base this upon any information he has re
ceived, nor did he care to predict when the
President might take such action.
The speedily approaching rainy season,
ending active campaigning tor six months,
makes, that time a fit limit and the last
one for waiting.
Mr. Hitt referred to the enormous ma
jorities with which the first resolutions
passed the House, and said that after a
month, when every member had had an
opportunity to hear from his constituents,
the resolutions again passed the House by
practically the same majority. He be
lieves that if the President has reasons
and facts fatal to the spirit of the resolu
tions he would have communicated them
to Congress during this month of interval
while the question has been pending. The
President, he said in , conclusion, is a wise
and prudent man, and the mere fact that
the resolutions were not joint resolutions,
thus requiring his approval, does not affect
the case. , They reflected' public sentiment
and the President is too sensible hot to
appreciate that circumstance.
•■ Patterson of Tennessee, who is a strong
administration man, was ; satisfied that
the President and Secretary of State, who
are in communication with our consular
representatives ' in ■; Cuba, have better op
portunities for knowing,; the facts upon;
which to direct a resolution of belligerency
than Congress. '
• Draper of Massachusetts who is one of
the Republican members of the Foreign
Affairs Committee and who has been con
tinually deprecating any suggestion of in
terference in Cuban affairs, does not be
lieve that the President will issue such a
proclamation.
William A. Smith of Michigan, another
Republican member of the committee, re
marked, as did every other Representative
who was spoken with, that he had no
knowledge as to the President's intention.
Smith believes, however, that , Congress
should pass a joint resolution if the Presi
dent does not act.
McCreary of Kentucky. Money of Missis
sippi and Dinsmore of Arkansas* compose
a trio of Democratic members of the
Foreign Affairs Committee, and each in
turn was questioned as to what the Presi
dent might do or what action the House
would take if the President failed to act.
They replied that they had no information
upon which to base an answer' and that
they, therefore, could not tell what_might
happen in either case.
"I do not think Congress will take any
further action on this subject,'.' said Senator
Hale of Maine, who was one of the most
determined opponents to the passage of
the resolutions in the' Senate. 7- "Congress
has done all it consistently can do in the
; matter, and it now rests wit*- "he President
to act as he may deem proper. Of course,
no one can prevent the introduction in the
Senate of any or all sorts; of resolutions,
but they would only express the individual
opinion of the Senator., who introduced
them, and if pushed to a vote, ; they j could
not possibly pass."
"The future action of Congress depends
largely, if not entirely, upon the events
that transpire in Cuba," said Senator Gray
of Delaware, one of toe recognized friends
of the President on the floor of the Senate,
"and," he continued, "the action _ of the
President, whatever it may be, will, in a
like manner depend upon the trend, of
events on that island. If there should be
some great success attending the efforts of
the insurgents or any other condition of
affairs demanding the attention of Con
gress, I believe Congress would deal with
it in the proper manner."
Others, who declined to be quoted, spoke
freely in private upon this subject, and
the consensus of opinion gathered from
Senators representing both sides of this
subject was that Congress must wait a
reasonable time in order to give the Presi
dent the necessary opportunity to act be
fore even considering any future plans. ■>
The prevailing opinion, though, of the
Senate just now is best given in the lan
guage of a Senator, who, while favorable
to Cuba and its recognition as a belligerent
power, is not. classed among the extrem
ists. "I have," said this Senator yester
day afternoon, "discussed this subject
with many Senators, both Democrats and
Republicans, and I -find a general belief
among them that Mr. Cleveland will guide
his conduct on this important subject by
the solemn expression of opinion passed
by the two houses after so full and free a
debate as was granted on the Cuban ques
tion. We believe that he will be so guided
and that he will in a diplomatic note con
vey to Spain 'the- wishes of Congress and
tender his friendly offices. If he does this
he will doubtless tell .Congress what he
has done, and let us know the reply that
Spain makes. 7
"If, on the other band, the President
does not take prompt steps, to .tender his
good offices in i accordance with the wishes
of the representatives of the people in
Congress; if, after a reasonable 'time has
elapsed, there are.no evidences of his hav
ing carried out the wishes of Congress,
then we will again take the j matter up in
both houses and push . to a vote the joint
resolution of Senator . Morgan or some
other, and, if we oan get a vote in the Sen
ate, send the joint resolution to the Presi
dent. This will require him to act, and if
he were to veto it I am confident it would
pass over his veto. - „
"The only element of danger in the
whole thing is the ability of the small
minority under the rules of the Senate to
talk to death any measure to which they
are opposed. Mr. Hale and the few men
under nis leadership in this matter appear
to be very determined, and would doubt
less debate, the ■:■ subject so long as it
was physically possible for them to do so.
But if the fight is to come it will be wel
comed by the friends of Cuba in Con
gress." • -, *
A DREADFUL FROBABILITI.
Misting American Seamen May Have
Been. Shot in Morro Castle. y - •■-,
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April There
is said to be reason for believing that some
if not all the crew of the old Philadelphia
tug Mascot, which has been missing .since
November, last, may have been , shot in
Morro* Castle, .: the . military . jail, on the
eastern end of Cuba. The Mascot sailed
from y Baltimore , for Port '; of Spain,
Trinidad. • The passed out at Hamoton
T Continued on Third I'uge.
INDIA'S A. P. A.
AGAINST M'KINLEY.
The (Moan's Manager Will
Not Recognize the
. Order.
OPEN WAR IS DECLARED
Talk of a Combination With
Ex-President Harrison's
Friends.
WORKING UPON THE DELEGATES
'Y'y.yy'y .--'"' * '- "':':'.'' .■."•-,Y
Dire Results in the State Predicted
Should the Great Protectionist
Be Nominated.
INDIANAPOLIS, In_„ April 12.—
proposed organization of the members of
the A. P. A. against McKinley is taking
shape in the lodges of the order in this
State, and it is said an attempt will be
made in the State convention to prevent
the instruction of . delegates . and also to
influence the selection of 7 delegates-at
large who are opposed to the Ohio man.
A leader in the A. P. A. movement in
this State said c to-day that, the refusal of
McKinley's manager to recognize ' the or
der had determined them to make open
war against him in the National conven
tion and at the polls if he is nominated.
It was intimated that the A. P. A. men
were willing to unite with the friends of
ex-President Harrison in an effort to pre
vent instructions for McKinley, and that
overtures to this effect had or would be
made. i 7
One member of the order declared that
the nomination of McKinley would lose
to the Republican party more than 5000
votes in Indiana and would ; jeopardize the
election of Congressmen in some districts
where they felt themselves perfectly safe.
FLOWER FOR FRESIDENT.
The Albany Argus Advance* the I.x-
Governor* Name.
ALBANY, N. V., April 12.— Replying to
the question, "If not Cleveland, who?"
the Albany Argus to-morrow will say edi
torially:
The Argus does not undertake to answer the
question, but it may be timely to make a sug
gestion to the country at large. The Demo
cratic party has more tnan one man fitted for
the Presidency.
, The woods are full of them. The Democratic
candidate should of course be a man of public
experience. The time for making experiments
in Presidential I nominations j has j passed by.
He should be a life-long, consistent Democrat.
He should not be above his party ; one who will
' treat a'l members of the ; party fairly and
equitably and one j who is sound on all ques
tions of finance, y , *
/ New York, as heretofore, will be the pivotal
State, and its electoral vote is necessary to the
success of the ticket. - There seems j to be also a
general desire for a business man, not a mere'
politician ' Problems which are to be solved
in the next lour /years, are : largely business
problems. International legal "questions will
solve themselves, if left alone." But there must
be careful management, prudent foresight and
business judgment exercised by the next
President. " ' 7 7
Ex-Governor Roswell P. T Flower seems to
possess air these qualifications. Upon his re
tirement from the Governorship, with the re
spect of all ' the people of j the State and the
confidence of his j party, 'he returned to his
business pursuits/where he is engaged in busi
ness enterprises of various kinds requiring
capital, employing men and aiding Industries.
It is understood that Senator Hill and Mr.
Whitney are neither of them aspirants and will
not allow their names to be used in connection
with the nomination this year. Mr. Flower is
not a seeker after the : Democratic nomination
and whether he would accept; it at ■: this time,
when the prospect it must be conceded is not the
best, is a question which the Argus cannot an
swer. It is ; not believed that he could refuse
the call of the party that has j repeatedly hon
ored him in the past. 7
ALABAMA FRXMARZES.
(Johnson the ■ Choice of the Democrat* for
■■ . ; : 7 Governor. :.
--7 MONTGOMERY. Ala., April 12.— The
result of the Democratic primaries in this
State for Governor yesterday is : close and
the ' State is .-; claimed ; by both sides. The
i prospect is said to be bright for a "sound"
money delegation to the National Conven
tion/and also for a "sound" money Sena
tor to succeed Mr. Pugh.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 12.— The Consti
tution has returns from Alabama showing
that Johnson is chosen beyond any doubt.
His majority is so large that there will be
no contests.
— # ■
Gold-Standard Democrat* Caucus.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., April 12.— At a
conference of gold-standard Democrats
held here last week it was decided that a
Slate conference of the opponents of free
silver should be held. It was stated in the
conference that the conservatism of the
gold-standard men had been construed
into timidity by the free-silver men and
that action was necessary to counteract
the movement. Chairman Holt said to
day that no definite action had been taken,
but that the matter had been considered.
Alt OLYMPIAN HAKQUET.
The King Slake* a Speech Congratu
lating Foreign Athlete*.
ATHENS, Greece, April 12.— A grand
banquet was given at the palace to-day, at
which 260 guests were present, including
the organizers of the Olympic games and
the contestants. Many toasts were given.
The King made a speech in French, in
which he made the following reference to
the foreign contest, which elicited loud
and prolonged applause: '** -
"Let me express the pleasure that all
feel in seeing you come here to take part
in the Olympian games. Your reception
shows how the Greek people rejoice to re
ceive you. I seize this occasion to extend
my warmest congratulations to the vic
tors. Soon you will return to your homes.
I will not say adieu to you, but an revoir.
Keep a good souvenir of us and do not for
get the enthusiastic welcome we have
given you."
The King then proceeded to pay a spe
cial compliment to Louis, the Greek who
won the long distance race from Marathon
to Athens.
The Queen was indisposed and therefore
unable to be present at the banquet, but
she sent her good wishes to the contest
ants. ' .'Yyyy
The bicycle race to-day to Marathon and
back to Athens, the total distance being
fifty-six miles, was won by Constantinides,
a Greek. : His time was 3 hours 22 minutes
31 seconds. '•-;-. 'V - -. :--
A DRIFT IX THE ICE.
Many Men : in Great .Pert' Off the Xew-
foundland Coast.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., April Another
body of men, variously estimated at from
twenty to forty, went adrift last night at
Conception Bay. The Government dis
patched two steamers, the Greenland and
Grand Lake, in search of them. Both re
turned to-night after dark, having failed to
find any castaways. It is expected that
most of them have landed at points not
reached by the telegraph, but it is feared
that several have perished. The ice is
quite visible off the coast. Thousands of
people crowd the hills, hoping to secure a
sight of the missing men. •-.. . • <
CITY OF DALLAS FOUNDERS.
Lost Eighty Mile* Fro»n Colon— Crew and
_:. . Passenger* Saved. ,. -.. .... '/'.
COLON, b7CoLOMBi\;- : "April 7 12. — The
steamer City of Dallas, before reported
with her machinery seriously deranged,
foundered Friday, eighty miles from this
city: - A boat with the I captain and a por
tion of the crew arrived here to-day. As
sistance is being sent to the passengers
who landed at Concepcion River.
Baratieri's Reason Tottering.
LONDON, Enq, April 12.— The Chroni
cle will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Rome saying advices received there
from Massowah show that General Bara
tieri, who was recently removed from the
command of the Italian forces operating
in Abyssinia, shows signs of a mental
breakdown.
Dusty Eclipse at Broken Hill.
MELBOURNE, Australia, April 12.—
Reports from Broken Hill district state
that a terrific duststorm passed over the
place to-day. The sun was obscured for
twenty minutes and the town of Broken
Hill was in total darkness.
Fort Arthur Sot Ceded to Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, April 12.—
Both the Chinese and Russian officials ab
solutely deny that China has ceded Port
Arthur to Russia.
AN ALABAMA DIVERSION
Masked Men Try a Case After
the Jury Had Failed
: to Agree.
Routine Work— The Jailer Aroused,
His Keys Taken and a Negro
' * Hanged.
SEAL, Ala., April 12.— Between mid
night and daylight last night a mob of
masked men went to the jail, took Reddy
eck Adams, colored, out of jail and hanged
him. The mob aroused the jailer with the
story that they had a prisoner to put in
jail, and on his appearing he was sur
rounded and bis keys taken. Adams was
carried to a clump of trees about 200 yards
away and hanged. His body was cut down
this morning.
Adams waylaid and shot R. T. Renfro
last November, and after shooting him
robbed his person, burglarized his store
and set fire to his dwelling., Adams was
on trial last week, and after deiiber-,
ating from Wednesday until Saturday the
jury could not agree and a mistrial was
announced.. . '
BURNING TUG ABANDONED.
The Crew Taken Off, Together With a
Quantity of Dynamite.
CHICAGO, 111., April 12. — The tug
Peter Dalton of ..the Independent Towing
Company was burned early this morning
two miles off Rogers Park. - The -crew was
rescued by the Welcome of the ' same com
pany, which happened to-be passing the
Dalton when the fire broke out. The fire
originated about the furnace. Not a little
anxiety was felt on account of the fact
that the tug had a Quantity of dynamite
on board. The only hose on ! board was a
small coil ' three-quarters of : an inch in
diameter. This .was inadequate, but the
men did ; the best they : could in trying to
keep the flames down until they could get
to a place of safety, y;y
--7 Captain Tom Barry ordered the schooner
Dewey: cut loose, and preparations were
made for leaving the burning vessel. The
Welcome drew up alongside of the Dalton
and the latter's crew \ was . transferred, to
gether with the dynamite, and the Dalton
was given up to the flames.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
EIGHT HEROES
OF LOST VALLEY.
Little Banna Knox's Life
Saved by Her Father's
Friends.
CARRIED TO A DOCTOR.
They Bear the Child in a Pal
anquin Over a Mountain
Trail. b
SWOLLEN STREAMS FORDED,
A Two-Days' Journey in a Driving
Storm— Charge the Vic
tim of a Fire.
, FOSSIL, Or., April 12.— Almost dead
from fatigue . and hunger, Frank Stevens,
"Brick" Balding, Nick Anderson, Riley
Fraser, T. Fanning, A. Anderson, Frank
Knox and George Knox strode up to the
house of Dr. Howard last night and depos
ited on the steps a palanquin. The great
care with which they moved, their cautious
manner of letting their burden to the
ground and the queerness of their vehicle
attracted a crowd about them, though the
hour was late. The doctor and a nurse
appeared at the threshold of his residence
and anxiously waited while the door in
the rude canvas that covered the litter
was opened.; Something was said to the
one within and a tiny voice replied, cheer
fully. Then a stretcher was brought from
the house and the spectators saw a child
removed from the palanquin -and carried
up the steps. Their labor, ended, the eight
men trudged painfully to the nearest' ho
tel, where they partook ravenously of food
set before them and then sought their
couches.
■ An errand of mercy, haye these men just
completed. Their little charge was Banna,
the six-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
George Knox, who ,was horribly burned in
Lost alley three weeks ago. The nearest
physician was at this point, twenty miles
away. For twenty days ; the; rad__.tair.
roads j were impassable, and the little
sufferer could , receive only : the homely
remedies prepared by its parents and the
neighbors. Finally, when her life was
despaired of, seven men came forward and
volunteered to assist the father in carrying
Banna over the mountains to Fossil. The
trail they had to follow was rocky and
dangerous;; snow and rain storms were
alternating, and the downpour had flooded
the country until each insignificant water
way had become a swollen stream. But a
life was at. stake, and they resolved to
make the trip. . . ] .yf yyY
The start was made on Thursday, and
for two days and nights they tramped
through snow and rain and mud, up hill
and down, fording streams and at night
sleeping in their blankets on the wet
ground.
The litter had been constructed especially
for the journey, and was covered with
canvas. Within, the little girl was warm
and comfortable, although it rained and
snowed almost continually during the
trip. Two squads of foui men each took
turns at the ends of the poles supporting
the litter. Despite the fact that the trail
was rough and treacherous, they had to
move with the greatest caution, for the
least jar added to the suffering of their
charge. The weight of their load was
about 200 pounds.
As can be imagined, the eight heroes
were glad when they reached Fossil. Had
the distance been a few miles greater, it is
doubtful if they could have reached their
destination. The child stood the trip re
markably well, and Dr. Howard believes
that by skin-grafting her life can be saved.
Little Banna is very popular in Lost Val
ley, and her father was offered the volun
tary assistance of his seven companions in
the attempt to bring her to this place.
NEW TO -DAT.
Healthy, happy children are those whoso
mothers have been, and are, healthy. The
best intentioned woman in the world will
fall short of her duty to her children if she
is worried and wearied with weakness and
sickness. Most all irritable women are
sick women. Most all melancholy, listless,
languid women are sick women. Every
woman who will take the trouble to notice,
will find that at certain fixed periods she is
nervous, cross, irritable and despondent.
Any irregularity makes the conditions
worse. Even a well woman is less amiable
than usual at these times. What can be
expected from a sick woman? .
When every movement is a dreary drag,
when the nerves are all on edge in sym-
pathy with the particular ones affected—
when it seems that death were very much
preferable to living — what can a woman do
for her children then ?....:
It is every woman's duty to be well and
healthy. There is no reason why she
should be otherwise if only she will take
proper care of herself and take Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription when she needs it.
This celebrated remedy has been used in
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute
at Buffalo, N. V., of which Dr. Pierce is
Chief Consulting Physician and specialist,
for over 30 years. Thousands of women
have been cured by it and hundreds have
written grateful letters.
Some of these letters are embodied jin
a 16S page book, called "Woman and
Her Diseases, "which will be sent sealed
in a plain envelope on receipt of ten cents
(stamps), by World's Dispensary Medi-
cal Association, No. 663 Main Street,
Buffalo, N. Y.2
KAISER AND KING
ABOUT TO MEET
The Conference Will Be of
Vital Importance to
Europe;
LOOKING TO AN ENTENTE
German - Italian Understanding
Desirable to Strengthen the
Dreibund.
WHO SHALL SUCCEED POPE LEO ?
.
French Papers Draw Fantastic Deduc
tions From Prince Hohenlohe's
Vis to Paris.
BERLIN*. Germany. April 12.— The pro
gramme, of the movements of the Em
peror in Venice as received here last night
fixed the official exchange of . visits be
tween the Kaiser and King Humbert for
to-day, which formal visits are to be fol
lowed by an interview between the two
monarchs, the highest members of the
Italian Ministry, the Italian Embassador
to Germany and the German Embassador
to Italy.
The semi-official press here does not deny
that the conference will be of the highest
importance. It is not alone intended to
establish a complete entente between Ger
many and Italy upon affairs known to all
the world wherein the common interest of
the Dreibund is concerned, but the less
obvious question of the Papal succession
after the passing away of Pope Leo XIII
will be the most delicate question dis
cussed.
The newspapers here missed the fact that
Chancellor Prince Hohenlohe, prior to his
starting on his recent leave of absence,
sent upon a secret mission to the Vatican
Dr. Kraus, the Catholic professor of the uni
versity, with special instructions relating
to the future conclave of the College of
Cardinals for the election of a Pope. The
mission and the instructions given to Dr.
Kraus were assented to by Cardinal Kopp,
Archbishop of Breslau. Dr. Kraus was
also charged to develop in his visit to the
Vatican the views expressed by the Em
peror in the course of two interviews be
tween the Kaiser and Cardinal Sanfelice
on the occasion of his Majesty's recent
visit to Naples. Dr. Kraus has seen sev
eral high ecclesiastic and important per
sonages since his arrival in Rome, but the
result of his mission, which was merely
tentative and inquisitive, is only known to
the governing head.
Although the Pope is still hale and
shows no diminution of his ability to con
duct the affairs of his office, it is not
deemed premature, in view of the ad
vanced age of the Pontiff, to form a concert
of action with the aim of obtaining the
election of a successor to his Holiness who
will be favorable to the interests of the
Dreibund and less inclined to democracy,
as well as less friendly to France, than
Leo XIII.
After the conference between the
monarchs, Ministers and Embassadors
there will be a gala dinner at the royal
palace, at which Emperor William, King
Humbert, the members of the Ministry;
Baron yon Bulow, German Embassador to
Italy; Count yon Eulenburg, grand mar
shal of the Prussian court; Count Lansea
di Busca, Italian Embassador to Germany;
Generals Engelbrecht and Grimli of the
German army; General Ponzie Vaglio,
minister of the Italian royal household;
Admiral Brochetti of the Italian navy,
Prince Strongoliand a number of Senators
and members of the Chamber of Deputies
will be present.
Bands of music will play in the gardens
of the palace and in tbe piazza St, Mark.
In the evening there will be night fetes on
the grand canal, when a great cortege of
illuminated gondolas will pass through
the canal and choral music will be dis
coursed from various points as well as up
on the moving boats. Everything con
nected with the affair is designed to give
the imperial party an exhibition of festive
Venice.
Prince Hohenlohe will meet the Em
peror in Vienna on Tuesday, prior to the
court dinner which will be given in honor
of the Kaiser on that day. The Austrian
Embassador here. M. de Szogyeny-Marich,
will go to Vienna to take part in the con-,
ferences which will be held during the
Emperor's two days' stay at the Austrian
capital. Tha presence of If. de Szogyeny-
Marich in Vienna upon this occasion is re
garded as further proof tnat grave parlia
mentary matters are engaging the atten
tion of the heads of the powers comprising
the Dreibund.
There is every reason to believe that the
reason assigned for Prince Hohenlohe's
proposed visit to Paris shortly— that, he
desired to see and condole with his wife's
stepmother, the Princess of Sayn-Wittgen
stein, upon the death of her grandson,
Prince Chigi, who was killed by the
Abyssinians in the battle of AdoWa— is
absolutely true, but this has not served the
French newspapers as a sufficient reason
for the presence of the German Chancellor
in the capital of the republic of France.
The French newspapers are filled with
articles drawing fantastic deductions as to
Prince Hohenlohe's motives in visiting
Paris. These journals declare that they
have not seen a single prominent French
politician who did not visit the German
embassy, when he had to do so, in the
strictest incognito, yet they assert Prince
Hohenlohe is to visit Paris on a mission
whose aim is to cultivate the friendliest
relations between Germany and France.
Resenting this view of the matter, the
Berlin Post says that Germany has no
need to ask anything of France, being
abundantly more able to give, and not de
siring to receive support.
The National Zeitung says that the posi
tion of Germany is so clear that it ought
not to lend color even to French fantasies.
The season of Socialist congresses began
early and vigorously yesterday. The
Saxon Socialists who met at Dresden dis
cussed a plan of action in opposition to the
new electoral franchise law which deprives
the masses of their voting power in the
Saxon Unterhaus. A minority in the
congress advocated a resolution* that the
Socialist Deputies In the Unterhaus make
a demonstration against the law by imme
diately resigning their membership in
tnat body and refusing to contest the
vacant seats for re-election under the re
stricted franchise. The majority, how
ever, decided to test the sense of the con
stituencies upon the new system at the
next election.
The commercial employes affiliated with
I the Socialists, who met in congress in Ber-
I tin. Their speakers were chiefly clerks in
j Berlin commercial houses, who held that
i their class furnished the best proof of the
! condition of things which was supporting
the Socialist party. A new organization
of young merchants seemed to be repre
sented, as the speakers urged those of that
class to join the Socialists or prepare for
extinction. A Hamburg delegate resented
this. He declared that he represented a
numerous body of yonng merchants, and
said that he would not have taken any
part in the proceedings if he bad known
that he was expected to assist in a Social
ist congress.with which, he said, be hence
forth declined to have anything to do.
The Austrian Socialist Congress was
held at Prague. There was a great con
course of delegates, proving the enormous
expansion of socialism in Austria. On mo
tion of the Austrian socialist leader, Dr.
Victor Adler, it was agreed that the So
cialist party committee should henceforth
Include representatives of all the Austrian
peoples, Germans, Poles and even Slavo
nians and Italians.
Herr Malkenbnrgh, a member of the
German Reichstag, representing Ham
burg, told the congress that the socialists
of Germany rejoiced in the progress of the
party in Austria, and promised that all
practical support possible should be given
to them.
Sporting circles are greatly disappointed
at the showing made by the German ath
letes who took part in the games at Athens
last week. It was expected that they
would do much better, as they were all
picked men. The success of the American
athletes at home and abroad has confirmed
and spread the German opinion that they
are the foremost sportsmen of the world. .
United States Embassador Uhl has
leased the residence, No. 8 Thiergarten
strasse, and will take possession early in
May. Mr. Uhl will be presented to the
Emperor on May 2.
In regard to the action of the United
States Congress concerning Cuba, the in- i
spired Post expresses hope that the Span
ish Cabinet, in the interest of maintaining
good relations with the Government at
Washington, will prevent any demonstra
tion against the United States and keep
the public calm. Anti-American disturb
ances, the Post says, might enlarge the
Cuban situation into a general interna
tional crisis full of danger to Spain.
The Neuste Nachrichten expresses the
belief that the Madrid Cabinet will show
the greatest prudence and deliberation in
judging the decision of the American Con
gress in the Cuban matter.
United States Consul-General de Kay,
Consul Carroll and General McCook, who
is on his way to Moscow as a representa
tive of the United States at the coronation
of the Czar, visited the Burg in the Spree
wald last week to witness the historic
\Vendish "Kirchgange." General McCook,
under the guidance of Captain Evans, mil
itary attache to the United States em
bassy, is now inspecting the German mil
itary institutes.
The autopsy held by the public authori
ties upon the body of the infant son of
Professor Langenhaus, the medical direc
tor of the Moabite Hospital, has left the
charge that he was poisoned by an injec
tion of Dr. Behring's diphtheria serum
until proved.
The death of Baron yon Schrader,
master of ceremonies of the Prussian
court, from the wound he received in his
duel with Lieberecht yon Kotze. ex-court
chamberlain, has greatly intensified the
public feeling against dueling. The Con
servative newspapers, the Reichsbote and
the National Zeitung, the Catholic.
Zeitung and other journals demand that
the utmost severity of the law be enforced
and that no class shall be privileged to out
rage common sense and national senti
ment.
Herren Reuther and Gaertner, bankers
doing business in partnership in Hambnrg,
have been arrested charged with heavy
defalcations. The police have seized their
books and accounts and closed their busi
ness.
Prince Henry of Prussia, brother of the
Emperor, is to assume command of the
reserve naval squadron at Kiel in August.
Dr. Saare, who was sent to the United
States at the instance of the German
Starch-producers' Association to inquire
into the starch industry in America, hen
returned and made his report to the Gov
ernment. The main cause of the increase
of American competition against the Ger
man starch industries is not, he says, that
the American product is of better quality,
but that the price is cheaper, a condition
due to the concentration of the American
starch industry. He recommended Ger
man manufacturers to combine as Ameri
cans have done, otherwise they will be
beaten out of the market.
WORK BEFORE CONGRESS
Peffer Will Address the Senate
on His Bond-Sale Investi
gation Resolution.
The Fortification Appropriation Bill Is
Pressing for Cons deration in
the House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.-As
soon as the Indian bill is disposed of in
the Senate Hale will call up the naval bill
which was reported Wednesday last. In
cidentally there will be a variety of ques
tions called up during the morning hour.
Monday Chandler, according to notice,
will speak on the Dupont election case and
will probably be followed by Gray of Dela
ware. •y'f
Squire has given notice that on Tuesday
he will address the Senate on the compre
hensive bill for the erection of fortifica
tions reported by his conimitt cc some
we eks ago.
A spirited debate is expected on Wednes
day, Peffer having secured unanimous
consent to cah up on that day his bond
i sale investigation resolution.
. The House bill to reduce the cases in
! which the penalty of death may be in-
I flicted has been made the special order for
Wednesday.
Lodge has given notice that on Thursday
! he will call up the immigration bill pro-
I viding for an illiteracy test.
Meanwhile, the joint resolution of Can
non directing the Secretary or the Interior
to open for public entry the Uncompahgre
reservation, holds its place on the calendar
as the unfinished business.
Two other matters are pressing for con
sideration now— the fortifications • appro
priation bill and the contested election
case of Goodwin vs. Cobb from the Fifth
I district of Alabama, in which the Com
mittee on Elections! No. 1, recommend the
seating of the contestant, Goodwin.
The preliminary report upon the legisla
tive, executive and judicial appropriation
bill has been agreed upon and will be pre
sented to-morrow or Tuesday. It relates
only to those items about which there was
practically a disagreement among the con
ferees and a further conference will be
ordered on the matters of more serious
differences.
As opportunity presents itself, the gen
eral pension bills reported by the Commit
tee on Invalid Pensions and the bank
ruptcy bill will be considered, but no time
can be fixed at which they will be taken
up. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896.
THE UTOPIA OF
COL. INGERSOLL
Brotherly Love the Creed He
Would Have Become
Universal.
ONE CHURCH FOR ALL.
Arbitration Between Nations and
More Civilization for the
Individual.
BELIEVES IN FREE DIVORCE.
The Great Agnostic's Theories as to
the Complete Reformation
of Mankind.
CHICAGO, 111., April 12.— With a pre
lude that included the pronouncing of an
invocation, the repeating of the Lord's
prayer in unison, the reading of the tenth
chapter of Luke, commencing with the
twenty-fifth verse, the singing of an
hosanna of "Nearer My God to Thee,"
and "America," the greatest living agnos
tic of the age stepped to the rostrum of
the Church Militant this morning and for
nearly two hours expounded to the con
gregation his views upon "How Mankind
Could Be Reformed."
The Church Militant is composed of the
major portion of the former adherents of
the Fullerton-avenue Presbyterian Church,
one of the strongest parishes of that de
nomination in the city and who, with
their pastor, Rev. Dr. John Rusk, branched
off into an independent organizatoin some
months ago, as a result of oposition of
the minority of the congregation to the
introduction of radical changes in the
conduct of the services, including the use
of an instrumental orchestra and the at
tachment to the parish of employment,
hospital, clubhouse and other guilds.
Some time ago an invitation was ex
tended to Colonel Robert G. Ingersoll to
deliver an address under the auspices of
the congregation, and it was in response
that he found himself in its rostrum to
day.
. At the time the invitation was extended
the congregation held its services in the
Women's Christian Temple, but so much
feeling was manifested by the managing
board of that structure over the idea of an
agnostic speaking within its precincts that
the Columbia Theater was secured for a
term of years, and it therefore fell to
Colonel Ingersoll to inaugurate the ser
vices in the new meeting-place.
Although admission was strictly con
fined to ticket-holders the street in front
of the theater was blocked with people
long before the opening of the doors, and
even after the interior had been packed to
suffocation over a thousand men and
I women besieged the entrance. On the
| Stage were 400 or more representative citi
zens, including every member of the Ap
pellate and Superior judiciary, several
Federal and county officials, delegations
from every medical and law college and
institution of learning in the city and
suburbs and a number of retir d divines.
Every sect and denomination, without an
exception, had its representative.
When Colonel In_-ersoll made his ap
pearance arm in arm with Dr. Rusk there
was loud applause mingled with murmurs
from some who seemed to regard such a
demonstration as foreign to a religious
service. In the prayer that followed the
musical exercises Dr. Rusk asked for a
special blessing on their guest of the day,
who was endeavoring to show the world
how this life might be made one of use
fulness and joy, and also invoked a dis
pensation for his wife and children.
In his introductory remarks Dr. Rusk
characterized Colonel Ingersoll as "The
man who is endeavoring to do this world
good and to make it better." This, he
said, was no time to reason— no time to
disagree with the faiths of men or beliefs
of men when they were trying to make the
world better than they found it. No mat
ter, he said, whether a man believed in
God or not if he expounded the truth,
then the truth was there and God was
tfiere.
As Colonel Ingersoll stepped to the ros- j
trum he was welcomed with applause that
lasted for over a minute v With the sugges- !
tion that while bis hearers and himself j
migh be traveling different roads, they
were all trying to add to human joy and
happiness, he took as his text the quota
tion from Shakespeare, whom be charac
terized as "The greatest of human beings."
There is no darkness but Ignorance.
For two hours he spoke upon the neces
sity of arbitration as a substitute for war,
the need for new methods in the treatment
of criminals, the desirability of the occu
pancy of the prairies of the West for
homes as a panacea for the tenement sys
tem, the question of divorce, the relations
of capital and labor and the need of re
form in the education of children. After
tracing the progress of war from the dark
ages, dwelling upon the belief of the sav
age in the supernatural and on the super
stitions of the ignorant, and recounting
the throwing off of shackle after shackle
that bound the human mind in the past,
he took up the methods of reforming the
world, saying in part:
Ignorance being darkness, what we need is
intellectual light. The most important things
to teach as the basis of all progress is that the
universe is natural; that man must be the
providence of man; that by the development
of the brain we can avoid some of the dangers,
some of the evils, overcome some of the ob
structions and take advantage of some of the
facts and forces of nature; that by invention
and industry we can supply, to a reasonable
degree, the wants of the body, and by thought,
study and effort we can in part satisfy the
hunger of the mind.
Man should cease to expect any aid from any
supernatural source. By this tlmo he should
be satisfied ■ that worship has . not created
wealth and that prosperity is not the child of
prayer. He should know l that the supernatu
ral has not succored the oppressed, clothed the
naked, fed the hungry, shielded j the innocent,
staid the pestilence or freed the slave.
Being satisfied; that the supernatural does
not exist, man should turn his entire attention
to the affairs of this world, to the facts in na
ture.
And, first of all, he should avoid waste— waste
of energy, waste or j health. . Every good man,
every good woman, should try to do away with
war and stop the appeal to savage force. Man
in a savage state relies upon . his strength, and
decides lor himself i what is right and what Is
wrong. Civilized men do not settle their dif
ferences by a resort to arms. They submit the
quarrel to arbitrators and courts. This is the
great alfference between the savage and the
civilized. Nations, however, sustain 'the rela
tions of savages to each other. There is no way
of settling their disputes. Each nation decides
for itself, and each nation endeavors to carry
its decision into eftect. This produces war.
Thousands of men at this moment are trying
to invent more deadly weapons to destroy their
fellow-men. For 1800 years peace has been
preached, and yet the civilized nations are the
most warlike of the world. There are in Eu
rope to-day between 11,000,000 and 12,000,
--000 of soldiers ready to take the field, and the
frontiers of every civilized nation are pro
tected by breastwork and fort.
The sea is covered with steel clad ships filled
with missiles of death. The civilized world
has impoverished itself, and the debt of Chris
tendom, mostly for war, is now nearly $30,
--000,000,000. The interest on this vast sum
has to be paid. It has to be paid by labor
much of it by the poor— by those who are com
pelled to deny themselves almost the necessi
ties of life. . Thin debt is growing year by year.
There must come a change or Christendom
will become bankrupt. 7777;
Think of all this being paid for the purpose
of killing and preparing to kill our fellow
men. Think of the good that could be done
with this vast sum of money— the schools that
could be built, the wants that could be sup
plied. Think of the homes it. would build, the
children it would clothe.
If we wish to do away with war we must pro
vide for the settlement of National differences
by an international court. This court should
be in perpetual session, its members should be
selected by the various Governments to be
affected by its decisions, and, at the command
and disposal of this court, the rest of Christen
dom being disarmed, there should be a mili
tary force sufficient to carry its judgments into
effect. There should be no other excuse, no
other business for an army or a navy in the
civilized world.
No man has Imagination enough to paint the
agonies, the horrors and cruelties of war.
Think of sending shot and shell crashing
through the bodies of men! Think of the
widows and orphans! Think of the maimed,
the mutilated, the mangled!
There is another direction in which the
wealth and energies of man are wasted. From
the beginning of history until now man has
COLONEL KOiSERT G. INGERSOLL.
been seeking the aid of the supernatural. For
many centuries the wealth of the world was
used to propitiate the unseen powers. In our
own country the property dedicated to this
purpose is worth at least $1,000,000,000. The
interest on this sum is $50,000,000 a year and
the cost of employing persons whose business
it is to seek the aid of the supernatural and to
maintain the property is certainly as much
more. So that the cost of our country is about
$2,000,000 a week and counting ten hours as
a working day this amounts to about $500
a minute.
For this vast amount of money the returns
are remarkably small. The good accomplished
does not appear to be great. There is no great
diminution in crime. The decrease of immor
ality and poverty is hardly perceptible. In
; spite, however, of the apparent failure here, a
! vast sum of money is expended every year to
'. carry our ideas of the supernatural to other
' races. Our churches, for the most part, are
j closed during the week, being used only a part
; of one day in seven. Ko one wishes to destroy
j churches or church organizations. The only
j desire is that they shall accomplish substantial
I good for the world. In many of our small
j towns— towns of 3000 or 4000 people— will be :
I found four or five churches, sometimes more. !
: These churches are founded upon immaterial j
i differences, a difference as to the mode of bap
j tism, a difference as to who shall be entitled to |
| partake of the Lord's supper, a difference of j
I ceremony, of government, a difference about j
■ foreordination, a difference about late and free I
will. And it must _c admitted that all the ar
guments on all sides of these differences have
I been presented countless millions of times.
| Upon these subjects nothing new is produced
| or anticipated, and yet the discussion Is main
j tamed by the repetition of the old arguments.
I [Now it seems to me that it would be far
better for the people of a town having a popu
lation of 4000 or 5000 to have one church, and
the edifice should be of use not only on Bun
day, but on every day of the week. In this
building should be the library of the town. It i
should be the clubhouse of the people, where
they could find the principal newspapers and
periodicals of the world. Its auditorium
should be like a theater. Plays should be
presented by home talent, an orchestra formed,
music cultivated. The people should meet
there at any time they desire. The women
could carry their knittingand sewing, and con- j
nected with it should be rooms for the playing
of games, billiards, cards and chess. Every
thing should be made as agreeable as possible.
The citizens should take pride in this building.
They should adorn its niches with statues and
its walls with pictures. It should be the in
tellectual center. They could employ a gentle
man of ability, possibly of genius, to address
them on Sundays on subjects that would be of
real Interest, of real importance. They could
say to this minister:
"We arc engaged in business during the
week. While we are working at our trades
and professions we want you to study and on
Sunday tell us what you have found out."
Let such a minister take for a series of ser
mons the history, the philosophy of the art
and the genius of the Greeks. Let him tell of
the wondrous metaphysics, myths and re
ligions of India and Egypt. Let him make his
congregation conversant with the philosophies
of the world, with the great thinkers, the great
poets, the great artists, the great actors, the
great orators, the great Inventors, the captains
of industry, the soldiers of progress. Let them
have a 'Sunday-school In which the children
shall bo made acquainted with the facts of
Mt&ro, with botany, entomology, something
of geology and astronomy. y ; 7
Let them be made familiar with the greatest
of poems, the finest paragraphs of literature,
with stories of the heroic, the self-denying and
generous. < 7 ; ** *
Now it seems to me that such a congregation
in a few years would become the most intelli
gent people in the United States.
The truth is that people are tired of the old
theories. They have lost confidence in the
miraculous, in the supernatural, and they
have ceased to take interest in "facts" that
they do not quite believe.
There Is no darkness but Ignorance.
There is no light but intelligence-.
Colonel Ingersoll described the system
in vogue for the punishment of criminals,
and said:
All this is infamous. Men should not be sent
to the penitentiary as a punishment, because
we must remember that men do as they must.
Nature docs not frequently produce the per
fect. * * .* A penitentiary should be a
school; the convicts should be educated. So
prisoners should work and they should be paid
a reasonable sum for their labor. The best
men should have charge of prisons. They
should be philanthropists and philosopners;
they should know something of human na
ture. The ; prisoner, having been taught, we
will say, for five years— the underlying
principles of conduct, of the naturalness and
harmony of virtue, of the discord of crime;
having been convinced that society has no
hatred, that nobody wishes to punish, to de
grade or to rob him, and being at the time of
his discharge paid a rersonable price for his
labor; being allowed by law to change his
name so that his identity will not be preserved,
he could go out of the prison a friend of the
Government.
He would have the feeling that he had been
made a better man; that he had been treated
with justice, with mercy, and the money he
carried with him would be a breastwork be
hind which he could defy temptation— a
breastwork that would support and take care
of him until he could find some means by
which to support himself. And this man, in
stead of making crime a business, would be
come a good, honorable and useful citizen.
Murderers, those belonging to the dangerous
classes, those who are so formed by nature that
they rush to the crimes of desperation, should
be imprisoned for life, or they should be put
upon some island, some place where they can
be guarded, where it may be that by proper
effort they could support themselves— the men
on one island, the women on another. And to
these islands should be sent professional crim
inals, those who have deliberately adopted a
life of crime for the purpose of supporting
themselves, the women upon one island, the
men npon another. Such people should not
populate the earth.
Neither the diseases nor the deformities of
the mind or body should be perpetuated; life
at the fountain should not be polluted.
Branching onto the subject of "Homes
for All," he said:
I want, if possible, to get the people out of
the tenements, out of the gutters of degreda-
tloh, to homes where there can be privacy,
where these people can feel that they are In
partnership with nature; that they have an
interest in good government With the means
we now have of transportation there is no
necessity for poor people being huddled in
festering masses in the vile, filthy and loath
some parts of cities, where poverty breeds rags
and rags breeds disease. I would exempt a
homestead of a reasonable value, say of the
value of $2000 or $3000, not only from sale
under execution, but from sale for taxes of
every description. These homes should be ab
solutely exempt. They should belong to the
family, so that every mother should feel that
the roof above her head was hers; that her
house was her castle and that in Its possession
she could not be disturbed, even by the
Nation.
'There is another question in which I take
great interest and it ought, in my judgment,
to be answered by the intelligence ana kind
ness of our century. ;bb7-7 777
We all know that for many, many ages men
have been slaves, and we all know that during
all these years women have, to some extent,
been the slaves of slaves. It is of the utmost
importance to the human race that women,
that mothers, should bo free. Without doubt
the contract of marriage is the most important
an_\the most sacred that human beings can
make. Marriage is the most important of alt
institutions. Of course the ceremony of mar
riage is not the real marriage. ft is only evi
dence of the mutual flames that burn within.
There can be no real marriage without mutual
love. So I believe in the ceremony of mar
riage; that it should be public; that records
should be kept. Besides, the ceremony says
to all the world that those who marry are in
love with each other.
Then arises the question of divorce. Millions
of people imagine that the married are joined
together by some supernatural power, and that
they should remain together, or at least mar
ried, during life. If all who have been married
were joined together by the supernatural, we
must admit that the supernatural is not in
finitely wise.
After all, marriage is a contract, and the par
ties to the contract are bound to Keep its pro
visions, and neither should be released from
such a contract unless in some way the in
terests of society are involved. I would have
the law so that any husband could obtain a
divorce when the wife had persistently and
flagrantly violated the contract, such divorce
to be granted ou equitable terms. I would
give the wife a divorce if she requested it, if
she wanted it.
I make a difference bet ween granting divorce
to a man and to a woman, and for this reason;
A woman dowers her husband with her youth
and beauty. | He should not be allowed to de
sert her because she has grown wrinkled and
old. Her capital is gone, her prospects in life
lessened, while, on the contrary, he maybe far
better able to succeed than when he married
her. As a rule, the man can take care of him
self, and, as a rule, the woman, needs help. So
I would not allow him ,to cast her off unless
she had flagrantly violated the contract. But
for the sake of . the community, and especially
for the sake of the babes, I would give her a
divorce for the asking.
As to the labor question Colonel Inger
soll saw no final solution except, through
the "civilization" of employer and em
ployed.
I think that when we become civilized great
corporations will make provision for men who
have given their lives to their service. I think
the great railroads should pay pensions to their
wornout employes. They should take care of
them in old age. ' They should not maim and
wear out their servants and then discharge
them and allow them to be supported in poor
bouses. These great companies should take
care of the men they maim; they should look
out for the ones whose lives they have used
and whose labor has been the foundation of ;
their prosperity. Upon this question public
sentiment should be aroused | to such a degree
that these corporations would be ashamed to
use a human life and . then throw awey the
broken old man as they would cast aside a rot
ten tie. "■ 7-.y7_'7 : ..;% 7!
It may be that the mechanics, the working
men, will finally become intelligent enough
to really unite to act in absolute concert.
Could this be accomplished ■ then a reasonable
rate of compensation could be ■ fixed and en
forced. Now such efforts are local and the re- j
suit up to this time has been failure. But if
all could unite they could obtain .what is
reasonable, what is just, and they would have
the sympathy of a very large majority of their
fellow-men, provided they were reasonable.
But before they can act in this way they must
become really intelligent, intelligent enough
to know what is reasonable and honest enough
to ask for no more.
All our sympathies should be with the men
who work, who toil, for the women who labor
for themselves and children, because we know
that labor is the loundation of all and that
those who labor are the caryatides that sup
port the structure and the glittering dome of
civilization and progress.
In conclusion Colonel Ingersoll made an
earnest plea for the education of children.
Nothing should be taught in the schools
that the teacher did not know. Beliefs,
superstition and theories should not be
treated like demonstrated facts. The child
should be taught to investigate, not
to believe. "To civilize the world," he
urgued, "to hasten the coming of the
golden dawn of the perfect day, we must
educate the children; we must commence
at the cradle, at the lap of the loving
mother."
When he concluded the applause was
long continued, many of those in the foyer
waving their handkerchiefs and hats. The
congregation united in singing "Blest Be
the Tie That Binds," and with the pro
nouncing of the benediction the unique
service came to an end.
MURDERED IN SALVADOR.
A Young American Meets Death Under Cir
cumstances That Wilt Be Fully
Investigated,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April Rob
ert Bouncy, an American citizen, was
murdered in San Salvador March 28, and
as a result the State Department has de
manded the fullest investigation.
The case was brought to the attention of
United the States officials by Congressman
Marsh of Illinois, who received a letter
from Circuit Judge Bonney of Quincy,
111., saying that his nephew, Robert
Bonney, was engaged in business near
Sonsonate, San Salvador, and the
statement had reached him. that his
nephew had been killed. Judge Bonney
requested Marsh to look into the matter.
Consul Murcbmeyer at San Salvador wires
that the information is authentic and that
the matter will be investigated.
THE PORTE'S ATTZTUDE.
Z* Not Expelling Missionaries Who Are
Law- Abiding.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 12.— The
Turkish Legation received from the Sub
lime Porte under yesterday's date the fol
lowing telegram :
It has been falsely 6tated that the mission
aries would be expelled. The Imperial Gov
ernment has not taken, and does not intend to
take, any general measure of expulsion of
missionaries and Catholic priests.
Those among them who attend peacefully to
their business are not and will not be dis
turbed. But surely it cannot be the same for
those who by their attitude try to disturb the
order and tranquillity of the country and
place themselves in open hostility toward-- the
laws and regulations in force in the empire.
The imperial government, watchful of the
maintenance of public security, has the duty
to send them away from its territory, and in so
doing it avails itself of a right which nobody
in all justice could contest.
FOOTBALL AT VALLEJO
Contest Between the Oaklands
and the Farraguts Ends
in a Tie.
Both Teams Put Up a Scorching Game
and Neither Is Able to
Score.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 12.— The football
game here to-day between the Farraguts
anl Oaklands was a very exciting contest
played before 1000 spectators from VaUejo,
Suisun, Napa and surrounding towns.
Both teams put up a rattling game and
when time was called at the end of the
last half neither had scored.
The game was called promptly at 1:30
o'clock, the Farraguts having the kick-off.
McGuire kicked strongly and the Farra
guts got the ball on the play. After two
scrimmages they lost it and the Oaklands
carried it across the field by hard work, to
', the Farraguts five-yard line, where the
local team made a superb stand and got
the ball on downs. ,
The Farraguts forced the ball back and
lost it at the 20-yard line, but were play
ing strongly and* held the Oaklands again
for three downs. The Farraguts bucKed
twice and McEnery went around the left
end for thirty-five yards, aided by magni
ficent interference by Bray and McGuire.
They then went through the Oaklands for
I five yards in two plays and the half was
j over, neither side having scored.
In the second half Corcoran caueht the
I kickoff and the Oakland team quickly se
; cured the pigskin on downs. They fought
■ it back to the center and lost it on downs
I to the Farraguts.
__. The home team lost ground and was
! forced to punt. The Oaklands gained
| steadily, but lost the ball on a fumble to
Kavanaeh, who gained forty yards. The
Farraguts went up to the 15-yard line,
where the Oaklands made a stand and got
the ball. Tney forced it back to the cen
ter, but the whistle blew for the end of the
half before either side could score.
BACRAMENTO COURSING.
Sheehan's Jack Win* First Money in the
Sunday Chaae.
SACRAMETO, Cal., April 12.— She Sac
ramento Coursing Club's meeting to-day
resulted :
First series— M. H. Sheehan's Jack beat Fred
Steigler's Tammany, Faltrlck's Village Girl
heat Ed Walsh's Paderewski, Ed Walsh's
Clover Leaf beat J. Stout's Lady Longdate, P.
W. Sheehan's Governor Maruham beat J.
"Managan's Duke Orlando, P. W. Sheehan's
Eva S beat Fred Steigler's Dynamite.
Second series— Jack beat "Village Girl, Gov
ernor Markham beat Clover Leaf and Eva S
ran a bye. Y-*y iy*
Third series— Jack beat Eva S.
Governor Markham was to have run a
bye but was withdrawn, leaving Jack the
winner of the first money, Governor Mark
ham second and Eva S third.
Maher and Slavin-
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 12—Peter Ma
her and Frank P. Slavin will meet in a
20-round fight before the : Eureka Club,
Long Island City, N. V., for a purse of $6000.
May 29. Tom O'Rourke came over to Pitts
burg from New York to-day and had a
conference with Quinn, manager for Ma
her. O'Rourke had Slavin's signature to
articles of agreement. Quinn will sign
the articles on behalf of Maher to-morrow.
Preferred Death to Surrender.
PERRY, O. T., April 12.— Harry Rice
and Robert Taylor, full-blood Pawnee In
dians, fought over squaws Thursday morn
ing east of here and Rice killed Taylor.
Rice fled and officers pursued him and
surrounded him •in the woods. When he
saw he was going to be captured he killed
himself.
Death of a Minstrel Man.
NEWPORT, R. 1., April 12.— William
H. Carey, -well known', in minstrel circles,
died here ' Friday . aged 44. 'He traveled
all over the country, first with Washburn's
"Last Sensation" and later with Baird's,
Leavitt's & Haverly's Minstrels.
A BLIZZARD AT
CRIPPLE CREEK
The Most Disastrous in the*
History of the Gold
Camp.
LOSS OF LIFE IS FEARED
Scores of Buildings Demolished
and Fires Add to the
Consternation.
TREES TORN FROM THE EARTH.
... : ' .
Victor Also Suffered Terrib'y, the Icy
Hurricane Sweeping Every
thing in Its Path.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., April 12.—
The blizzard here to-day was the most de
structive in the history of the gold camp,
and fears are entertained that lives have
been lost in the hills surrounding the
town.
"scores of small buildings were blown
down, some totally wrecked, others
partly, while the snow, driven by a wind
of sixty miles' velocity per hour, made it
impossible to see half a length of a block.
Loose lumber was scattered and timbers
were carried away by the dozens.
To add to the excitement several fires
broke out, but were extinguished. Excite
ment was at fever heat when the Cripple
Creek Commission House, a three-story
building, was crushed like an egg by the
wind and took fire.
The Boston Cafe was partly wrecked and
a large lodging-house on Warren avenue,
near Fourth street, was blown over and
several of the occupants injured.
On all sides shafthouses had been blown
down and demolished by the gale which
swept down from the snowy ranges, and it
is feared that men who lived alone in tent
houses were exposed to the Arctic blast
by having their houses blown away.
Trees have been broken, twisted and
carried long distances by the blizzard.
In Victor the effects of the storm were
terrible, the town lying in a hollow, down
which the wind swept like a hurricane,
tearing buildings to pieces.
With Cyclonic Violence.
RED CLOUD, Nebr., April 12.— A wind
storm, with the violence of a cyclone, vis
isted this section early this evening. Minor
damage was done in town, bat in the coun
try it was more severe. On the farm of
Andrew Hawley a barn was blown over,
burying Hawley and his little girl, crush
ing tbe child's shoulder and leg. She may
die. The father was not injured. Damage
to property i 3 thought to be large, but re
ports are meager.
NEW TO-DAY.
/if v iS^^fe,
/v / *_?v * I_fc»1 _fc» \ __V
A WINNING COMBINATION.
Hard work, skill, daylight, straight
methods and good luck.
Against which second and third rate
clothes sellers and "Cheap John 1 ' clothes
makers stand no chance.
It is low prices for worthless goods
against first-class goods at fair prices.
%1 for Men's All-wool Suits; you see 'em
elsewhere at $12.
Boys' Long Pants Suits, steel gray, $5.
Neat little Zouave Suits, $150:" worth
$2 50.
Faantleroy and Sailor Blouses, with
whistles, all the newest shades. 50 cents.
95c Men's Fedora Hats, all shades, sold
by the hatters at $1 50.
You can order these bargains by mail.
CREAM JAVA ife
, ROAST 25e lb. sj^j
litI it- i I-* -i-Qp
Above "Special*- this week only. '" WAT
"Smith's Weekly" tells all about _"»
the Specials.
Removal Sale now In progress.
Freight prepaid 100 miles and over.
Smith's Monthly Catalogue free for postal.
*5. ___"_ ITU C_' CASH STORE,
O IYI I I nO 414-18 Front, S.J".
Largest Departm't Store west of Chicago.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit. Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Price*, go to
JOE POHEIM
THB TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.00
SUITS made to order from 5.0.
MY 017.60 and $36 SUITS
Aft- -CAT IN STATE.
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bush
724 Market St. 1110 A 1112 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
DADWAY'S
n PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of the food caU "
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bow
natural In their operat on without «rip__T tiow *ESCAPADES OF
A SEATTLE WIFE
Sensational Affidavits in
the Dawson Divorce
Case.
TALE OF A DOMESTIC.
Oakland and Alameda Young
Men Are Drawn Into
the Scandal.
i
_
SPREE AT LOS ANGELES.
Mrs. Dawson Alleged to Have Become
Intoxicated During Last
Year's Fiesta.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 12.— A new
sensation has been sprung in the famous
Dawson divorce case, which causes more
stir here than did the filing of the original
suit. Yesterday Dr. Dawson filed an affi
davit in the Superior Court, setting forth
the alleged wild exploits of his pretty
wife, as told by Mrs. George P. Kinsey of
609 J_ South Broadway, Los Aneeles, who
incorporated her story in an affidavit made
some time ago. Prominent Californians
are implicated, according to the woman.
Dr. Dawson claims that since the affidavit
was made Mrs. Kinsey and her husband,
who also makes an affidavit, have disap
peared. He alleges that Mrs. Dawson, by
threats and intimidation, has terrorized
Mrs. Kinsey, who fears for her own repu
tation, and that the latter has consented to
go into hidine until it shall be too late for
Dr. Dawson to get her testimony. He
charges that the suit money already paid
into the court must have been expended
in getting the Kinseys out of the way, in
asmuch as they could not have gone un
less money had been advanced to them.
Dr. Dawson believes that among the per
sons who visited Mrs. Kinsey for the pur
pose of suppressing her testimony was Al
fred Kckstrom of Los Angeles, one of the
men, lie says, in whose company his wile
was seen intoxicated on the streets, during
last ye. i fiesta.
Mrs. Kinsey was formerly Lottie Evans,
and was in the Dawson family for two
years. She was Mrs. Dawson's closest
friend. She claims in her affidavit to have
accompanied Mrs. Dawson to several cities
in this State, and makes certain state
ments that lead to the conclusion that on
a number of these occasions Mrs. Dawson
was in th company of strange men, while
the witness was left to stay alone at the
hotel which they made their headquarters.
Mrs. Kinsey was with the Dawsons when
they were in California, and betrays in her
affidavit the alleged shameful life led by
Mrs. Dawson while there. Mrs. Kinsey,
in going into the California story, refers to
a trip to Alameda in 1803.
*» "Shortly after we arrived," she says, "I
went over to San Francisco one day with
Mrs. Dawson, and on the ferryboat com
ing back Mrs. Dawson called my attention
to a young man sitting some distance
away and opposite to us. She said to me:
'I am going to look straight at him until
he looks at me.' She did stare at him for
some time until he looked at us.
"About a week after this I went down
town in Alameda with Mrs. Dawson, and
a, we passed a corner this same young man
was standing there. Mrs. Dawson looked
at him again sort of sideways out of her
eyes, and he returned her giance in the
same way. I afterward learned that his
name was Easterbrook. Immediately
afterward he and another young man over
took us and walked past us and remarked:
'Good evening, ladies; aren't you lost?'
Mrs. Dawson gave a'giggle and made some
reply, and stepped on ahead, leaving me
to walk with the other young man. I was
surprised and embarrassed and did not
know what to do at first."
Then, says Mrs. Kinsey, they walked
home together. Afterward Easterbrook
called at the house several times, and she
learned that he remained at the residence
for about a week, hut left on account of
some disagreement. He was 24 or 25 years
old, of medium height, dark complexion,
with very dark hair and a smooth face.
Lottie states that shortly after the meet
ing with Easterbrook, Mrs, Dawson asked
her if she did not want to go out in the
evening with a couple of young men.
"I told her I would like to go," says
Lottie, "because I had been quite lone
some. That evening we left the house
early and met the gentlemen at the Park
street station of the narrow-gauge railroad.
One of the men was Mr. Easterbrook and
the other a young man whose name I can't
now remember. He was quite young and
boyish, not over 21 years old, 1 think.
"I have heard that lie was very well
connected there in Alameda, and sang in
one of the church choirs. We got on the
train and got off at the first station. We
went to a house and beer was ordered. I
could not drink more than a couple of
swallows of the beer as it tasted bitter to
me. For nearly an hour Mrs. Dawson
played and sang at the piano, and danced
by herself around the room and enter
tained us generally. The young man
played the piano. He also had a good
voice and sang with Mrs. Dawson. Dur
ing this time Mrs. Dawson drank about
three glasses of beer. I know I thought
at the time it was a great deal for any one
to take. She became lively and full of
spirits. After about an hour, however,
she sat down, and in a short time dropped
her head over as if she was sleepy. Then
she jumped up and said she wouid have to
go out and get some fresh air, and asked
Mr. Easterbrook if he would not take her
out foi a walk. He assented, so she put
on her cloak and they went out." .
Lottie next tells of a birthday spread
given about the week following to this
same young mar. on the occasion of his
birthday, when for a joke his drinks were
mixed so that he became intoxicated.
Easterbrook is said to have taken him to
Mrs. Dawson's house to sober him up.
"He had a bottle of whisky with him,"
says Lottie, "ana Mrs. Dawson took it
from him and ran into the kitchen, where
I was sitting writing. He followed, ex
claiming 'Give me my bottle, give me my
bottle,' and she had to give it back to
him. Mr. Easterbrook came out, too,' and
told him to behave himself and got "him
back into the parlor."
Leaving Easterbrook and the young
-man, whose name is not given, Lottie tells
of Clement of Oakland, whose initials she
thinks are 0. 0. He lived with his parents
in a fine house not far from the Dawson
residence, lie was 27 or "J. years old and
looked like a Frenchman, of medium
height, quite slender, with very dark hair
and complexion, but blue eyes. He at
first wore a mustache, but afterward
shaved it off. He made himself quite
familiar about the house.
"One evening in particular," says Lottie,
"the doctor surprised Mrs. Dawson and
her caller. I was upstairs writing and
happened to know that the visitor .that
particular evening was Clement. About
midnight somebody rapped on the front
door and Mrs. Dawson called to me, 'Oh,
Lottie, come down here. Some one is
rapping on the front door. I think it
sounds like the doctor's voice.'
"i told her prior to this that I thought
some time the doctor would suddenly sur
prise her. I went with a lamp into the
dining-room. Doctor and Mrs. Dawson
were in the parlor, while Clement was sit
ting in the dark in the dining-room. As
soon as I brought in the lamp he went out
by the kitchen door, remarking, 'Tell Mrs.
Dawson it is late and I won't wait any
longer.' Mr.-. Dawson, who bad been talk
ing to the doctor in the parlor, almost in
stantly came through to introduce him to
Mr. Clement. There were two beer glasses
and a beer bottle on the mantel-piece, and
several cigarette stems on the floor. Mrs.
Dawson picked them up and put them into
a cuspidor. Ido not know what explana
tion Mrs. Dawson gave to the doctor about
it. The next morning a telegram came to
the house addressed to Mrs. Warring. I
do not know its contents, but I do know it
was from Mr. Clement."
Lottie's affidavit closes with an expres
sion of regret that she bad allowed herself
to be a party to the deception.
Mrs. Kinsey's husband makes affidavit
to having seen Mrs. Dawson intoxicated,
and that she entertained him and a piano
tuner named Clement. During the fiesta
in Los Angeles, Kinsey relates, one car
nival night he was startled by a
masked woman throwing her arms about
his neck on a street and kissing him re
peatedly.
"At first," he states, "I did not know
who it was. but the second I heard 'Don't
you know me, don't you know me?' I re
cognized Mrs. Dawson's voice. Just for
tun I replied 'No.' She thereupon slipped
her mask up and I saw that her face was
very much flushed and her eyes staring.
She was quite intoxicated. Never before
had I seen her so drunk. I also recognized
Mrs. Dawson's sister, Mrs. Reynolds. They
were accompanied by two men, both of
whom were quite intoxicated."
After the men and women left him,
Kinsey says, they disappeared in the
Vienna Buffet.
Dr. Dawson makes affidavit that Mrs.
Kinsey had repeatedly stated that she
feared Mrs. Dawson would visit Los
Angeles and kill her.
Mrs. Dawson, in an affidavit, tells a dif
ferent story, alleging that she has informa
tion that Dr. Dawson sent an attorney to
California, who, alter seeking in vain four
times to get affidavits from the Kinseys
against her good name, threatened to
bring them to Seattle. At that time, she
says, the woman was in delicate health,
and, being ignorant of law, signed the affi
davit which the attorney had prepared.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND
The Monitor Monadnock Being
Repaired and Made Ready
...,.„_ for Sea. .-. - <•
Extensive Alterations to be Made en
the Baltimore— The Unadilla
Collision.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 12.— "Workmen
are engaged on board the monitor Monad
nock, which arrived at the yard early last
week, in building a platform around the
flagstaff at the after part of the ironclad,
to be used for casting the deep-sea lead
when at sea. This is found necessary,
there being no other point available, as
the superstructure is too far inboard for
the purpose. Two or three of the forward
stanchions have been taKen out and
straightened, having been bent by the force
of heavy volumes of water breaking against
them while at sea. A number of grate
bars are being replaced, those removed
having been burned out, caused probably
by the fires not being properly attended to
All speak in terms of praise of the work
ings and seaworthy character of the moni
tor.
It will remain at the yard for some time.
The steam launch is ashore being over
hauled.
The old Jaunchways near the gate house,
because of decay from old age, are being
torn out and will be replaced, It is sur-
E rising that they have stood so long, they
having been constructed more than a
quarter of a century ago.
The electrical outfit on the Baltimore is
being taken out preparatory to the install
ation of a new and modern plant. It is
estimated that from $75,000 to $100,000 will
be expended on the cruiser before it is
again ready for sea.
Work has already been commenced on
the composition castings for the ten boats
to be built for the two new gunboats.
The gunboat Bennington is lying at the
wharf, and everything is life and bustle
aboard. Some necessary repair work is
being accomplished. Machinery and boil
ers are being removed from the old Pen
sacola preparatory to selling the hull. All
available composition material will be re
moved. The propeller will also come off
when the ship is taken into dock.
The tug Unadilla came up to the yard
Saturday afternoon in a partially disabled
condition owing to the breakage while at
San Francisco of a suspension link in the
high-pressure valve motion. She will be
ready for service in a day or two.
METCRXS TO PORTLAXD.
Henry Everett Disgusted by His Experi
ence in South Africa.
PORTLAND, Ok., April 12. — Henry
Everett, who with several others left here
■ las' May for South Africa, is back, greatly
disgusted. He says:
"I tell you that the South African coun
try is not what it is reported to be. It is
no country for an American laboring man,
however skilled he may be. All of us
were high-class mechanics in our respective
lines, and the highest wages offered us by
the English mining companies in the in
terior was $3 50 a day, and then we could
not get steady employment. The cost of
living is a trifle higher than it is here,
and the living not half so good. For three
months I was on mv back with what i<
called the jungle fever, and if 1 hadn't had
some money to pay extravagant, doctor
and drug lulls I'd never have come back
here to tell the story. Nearly every Euro
pean going into the interior is attacked by
that fever, and at least 25 per cent of those
cases are fatal.
"The mines so far discovered are all in
the hands of rich syndicates, which grind
their employes down to the lowest notch.
Besides that, all the unskilled manual
labor is performed by negroes, who get
about 50 cents a day. So. yon see, an or
dinary American miner- stands no chance
It is no country for the poor prospector,
cither, for without money nothing can be
accomplished even in that line.
"The English seem to control everything,
even down to , tne bootblack-stands; in
Capetown, and an American's show there
is a very poor one, indeed."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896.
MERRY RACE OF
CHICO BEAUTIES
Admirers of a Half-Dozen
Misses Throng the
Booths.
VOTING FOR A QUEEN.
The Winner Hard to Pick From
the Leaders in the Gay
Contest.
MISS JUNKANS IS AHEAD.
She Is a Handsome Native Daughter
and Popular in Butte
County.
CHICO. Cal., April 12.— The contest for
May Queen is expected to become very ex
citing during the week,: as new candidates
are coming to the front every day. Miss
MISS FRIEDA JUNKANS.
[From a photograph.]
Frieda Junkans' friends,] of whom there is
a large number among the young men and
young ladies who attend the State Normal
School here, assert that their favorite will
never be headed. Miss Clara Cussick, who
is second in the race, has a host of sup
porters, and they are boasting that they
have blocks of votes which they are with
holding for the final struggle. Miss Junk
ans' friends are watching every move
made by Miss Cussick's followers, and are
guarding against surprises. Miss Mabel
Merry, who is third in the race, is a charm
ing young lady and very popular.
- She attends the State Normal School in
Chico. Miss Maude Abbott's and Miss
Arvilla Bartlett's friends assert that there
is plenty of time for their candidates and
they are not worried over the contest, but
they are waiting for the time when the
last votes are cast and the count made.
Miss Bessie Collins is another very popu
lar young lady who has entered the con
test. The fact is that no one is prepared
to prophesy as to the outcome of the bal
loting. The last day's vote is likely to
change the position of each candidate.
Miss Frieda Junkans, I the young lady
who is now in the lead, is 18 years of age.
She is a native daughter, having been born
at Weaverville, Trinity County. She is a
handsome demi-blonde, with blue eyes
and light brown hair. Miss Junkans'
father is a prominent mining man of
Weaverville.
SAN JOSE'S ZXXOVATZOX.
. —» I ¥ 7 **n& e *o&SS*BmSMwa
Four Couple* to Execute the Lancers on
Bicycles.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 12.— A novel
feature of the opening of the carnival pa
vilion on April 21 by the Garden City
Cyclers will be the execution of the lancers
on wheels by four young ladies and four
gentlemen. Already several successful re
hearsals have been held. The dance will
be performed in a seventy-foot square.
The contest for queen of the carnival
will close on that date and the announce
ment of the successful candidate will be
made during the entertainment.
The Santa Clara County Floral Society
has offered the following prizes for dis
plays of flowers on different days:
Wednesday, May 6— For the best collection
of roses, twenty-five varieties to be submitted—
First prize, $10; second prize, i**s.
Thursday, May 7— For the | best collection of
carnations— First prize. $10: second prize, $5.
Friday, May Beat collection of wild flow
ers, twenty-five varieties prize, $10; sec
ond prize, $5. I
GREEN ME ADO WS\ TRAGEDY.
_*^_P^
A Bullet Presumably Fired .at a Duck
Finds a Human Billet.
LOS ANGELES, Cal. 1 , April 12.—
Valla, an Italian farmer, was shot and
killed this afternoon by Antonio Michelini
at Green Meadows, south of this city.
Valla was a visitor at Michelini's house
when the fatality occurred. There were
no witnesses except Michelini, who says
he tried to shoot a duck on a lake near the
house with a pistol, but instead shot Valla
through the neck, killing him instantly.
The men formerly were joint tenants of
the farm on which the tragedy occurred,
but recently dissolved partnership and
Valla moved away. X] 7 ?'<•? ;
So far as known there was no trouble
between them, but . it is thought strange
that Michelini should have gone duck
shooting with a revolver.
The Sheriff and Coroner are iavesti
1. ' i
gating. The dead man had a wife and four
children.
STOCKTON PRESBYTERY.
Close of the Semi- Annual Session Held
at Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., April 12.— The semi-an
nual session of the Presbytery of Stockton
concluded its deliberations here to-day.
Judge Law of Merced acted as moderator,
and Rev. E. B. Hays of Modesto secretary.
The following were in attendance:
Rev. M. D. A. Stein and wife, Woodhridge;
W. B. McElwee and wife, Madera; Rev. Alfred
Croco, Sonora; Rev. Philo F. Phelps and wife,
Stockton; Rev. Robert Ballagh, Piano;
Rev. George C. Griffin, Fowler; Rev. Wil
liam Weiman, Orosi; Rev. C. R. Nugent,
Clements; Rev. E. B. Hayes and wife, Modesto;
Elder E. C. Mayhew, Madera; Elder J. H.
Mayes, Sonora; Elder W. F. Blaney, Fowler;
Elder W. B. Robb, Orosi; Elder James Thomp
son, Modesto; Elder J. K. Law, Merced; Mrs.
O. F. Barnum, Stockton; Mrs. Langworthy,
Oakdale; Mrs. White, Stockton; Mrs. Sayre
and Miss Sayre, Madera; Mrs. Blaynev, Fowler;
Miss Eraser, Oakland; Elder J. fit. Filloon,
Sanger; Elder P. M. Conditt, Stockton, and
Elder W. B. Flornoy, Dinuba. yy- .
0. S. Barnum of Stockton successfully
passed an examination for the ministry,
and was given a license to preach the
gospel. Rev. Mr. Barnum is a graduate of
the theological seminary at San Anselmo,
Marin County. J. B. Wootan of Traver
passed a successful examination as a can
didate for the study for the ministry. The
Belmont church of Fresno was received
into the Presbytery.' It was organized a
few months ago. '."Yy
Death of a Valiejo Veteran.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 12.— Charles H.
Lipp, formerly a member of Company D,
First Regiment New, York Volunteers,
commanded by Colonel John D. Steven
son, and the last company to leave Mexi
can soil, arriving in Monterey on Septem
ber 6, 1848, died here early this morning
from dropsy of the heart. The deceased
was a member of San Pablo Lodge No 43
of Odd Fellows, and will be buried under
its auspices on Tuesday afternoon.
SANTA CLARA ORCHARDS
Cold Weather of April Found
to Have Done but Little
Damage.
Prospects for a Heavy Yield of Fruit
in the Valley Are Ex
cellent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 12.— 1t is now
certain that the fruit crop of Santa Clara
County was not materially damaged by
the cold spell last month. A careful ex
amination of orchards throughout the
valley has been made, and with few ex
ceptions prospects for a laree crop are ex
cellent.
In some places about the Willows and
Santa Clara, where the land is low, slight
damage was done, and both prunes and
peaches are dropping to the ground; but
there is still an abundance of fruit upon
the trees, and unless something unforeseen
happens there will be a good crop.
In the west side of the valley, and espe
cially around Los Gatos, the orchards,
with the exception of Moorpark apricots,
are heavily loaded with fruit. Consider
able damage has been done all kinds of
fruits in Calaveras Valley, and at Berry
cssa the crop will probably be under the
average.
Around Mountain View and Mayfield
the cold spell did' but little harm, and
there will be an abundant yield of fruit.
Encouraging reports have been received
from the southern end of the county. In
that section a fine crop of peaches is re
ported.
*--: -.'.; ■ — —
New Schoolhoute for Campbell.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 12.— Campbell
school district, by a vote of 39 to 11, has
decided to issue bonds and build a new
schoolhouse. The building will cost $5500.
The bonds are to run for ten years and
bear 7 per cent. ;7: : :y7-7t;,; .
Will Observe the Eclipse.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 12.— An expedi
tion, headed. by Professor Schaeberle, will
be sent from Lick Observatory to observe
the total eclipse of August next in Japan-
The expenses of the party will De met
from a fund provided by Colonel C. F.
Crocker, one of the Regents of the Uni
versity of California.
Tehama County Delegates.
RED BLUFF, Cal.. April 12.— The Re
publican County Central Committee has
appointed the following delegates to State
and District conventions: General N. P.
Chipman, D. D. Dodson, E. C. Pendleton,
A. Simpson and Dr. W. F. Maggard!
Three are free silver men; two are doubt
ful. They are said to stand divided be
tween Allison and McKinley.
} One Cold j Aftkb \ Another will, with many
constitutions, securely establish the seeds of
Consumption jin the system. Those in need of a
remedy will rind Dr. Jayne's Expectorant always
prompt, thorough and efficacious.
COLLIDE IN THE
BAY AT SEATTLE
Steamship Transit Crashes
Into the Battleship
Monterey.
BOTH BADLY DAMAGED.
One of the Monitor's Plates Is
Loosened and Water Fills
the Compartments.
A CAPTAIN'S STUPID BLUNDER.
Endeavors to Make a Short Turn
While. Running at Unusual
Speed.
SEATTLE, "Wash., April 12.— The Puget
Sound and Central American Steamship
Company's steamer Transit ran into the
Government defense vessel Monterey in
the harbor this afternoon, striking the
warship, which was at anchor 300 yards
off the foot of Madison street, about forty
feet astern. The Transit, which is an iron
vessel, was badly damaged, its nose being
bent to starboard and a great hole punched
in the bow.
The Transit had just come in from Ta
como, and its master, who had practically
all of Elliott Bay at his disposal in reach
ing the dock, endeavored to make a short
turn, apparently without reference to the
unusual speed at which he was running.
The crash that followed caused consterna
tion on both vessels, particularly on the
Monterey, which, in addition to its regu
lar complement of men, had many Sun
day visitors aboard.
No lives were lost or serious personal in
jury sustained. The Monterey had one of
its plates loosened, an angle bar bent and
some rivets broken. Its compartments on
the port side were partially filled with
water before the leak could be stopped.
The Monterey will be taken to Port Or
chard on Monday or Tuesday and placed
in the new Government drydock to have
these and other repairs made. No esti
mate approaching accuracy as to the in
jury to either vessel can be given until a
more thorough inspection is made, but
many seamen are of the opinion that the
combined damage will not be short of $20,
--000.
The Transit, which was to have sailed
to-morrow for Central American ports,
will now be placed in the Moran drydock
for repairs, delaying its trip two or three
weeks.
THOSE CUBAN
RESOLUTIONS.
J Continued from First Page.]
Roads on November 28 and has not been
spoken since, though life-preservers and
other wreckage marked Mascot have been
recently washed ashore near Caicas, Ba
hama Islands. *
Captain McGregor commanded the tug,
which was an ordinary river towboat, but
instead of the crew of eight men such a
vessel would usually carry, the Mascot is
said to have cleared with about forty men
on board. It is known that some ship
wrecked sailors were picked up on the
Cuban coast some time ago and impris
oned by order of General Pando, who de
clared his belief that they were part of a
filibustering party that had tried to land
passengers and arras from a tug.
Among the crew of the Mascot was W.
T. Kersey of this city, and his friends are
about to institute a search for him among
the prisoners in the Spanish prisons. The
State Department at Washington will be
asked to ascertain through the Consul at
Havana if any of her crew are. imprisoned
on the island. 7 7 v.
A FARCZCAZ. ELECTION.
Union Constitutionalist* . Returned to the
| Corte* Without Opposition.
I HAVANA, Cuba, April 12.— Elections for
thirty members of the Cortes were held to
day. The candidates of the Union Consti
tutional party were the only ones in the
field, the other parties declining to take
part in the elections. The vote was ex
tremely light and there was no animation.
The following deputies were elected:
In Havana— Marquis Apezteguia, Santos Guz
man, Antonio G. Lopez, Simon Vendrels,
Eduardo A. Cuerve and Rafael Cassel.
In Guianabacoa — Wenceslao Retana.
In Jaruco— Jose Verges.
In Guides — Juan LI ado.
In Pinardel Rio— Crescente G. San Miguel
Tiburcio Castenada and Tesifonte Gallego.
In Guanajay— Faustino San Pedro.
In Matanzas— Romero Robledo, Felix Suarez
Inclan and Felipe Martinez, \*y.-7
In Cardenas— Alfredo Zulueta.
In Colon— Count Macurijes.
In Santa Clara— Villanueva, Marcos
D. Cienfuegos, Angel Carvajal and Alfredo
Fatagatl. .-.:' -yy
In Remedlos— Martin Zozaya.
In Sancti Spirit us— de Figueroa.
In Santiago de Cuba— Manuel Quintana, Car
los G. Rothvoss and Francisco Ugarte. .
In Holquin— Javier Longoria.
In Manzanillo— Pedro Novo. •
In Puerto— Principe-Luis Calejas.
Several of the above served in the last
Cortes. Among the new men Senor Cas
sel is editor of the Madrid Imparcial,
Senor Figueroa is editor of the Heraldo,
Senator Caualejas y the proprietor and
Senor Gallejo a correspondent of the same
paper. Senors Apezteguia and Castenada
are native Cubans. .
SPANISH ELECTIONS.
Exciting Incidents— Bribery, Ballot- Box
Stuffing and Incendiarism. ,7
■ MADRID, Spain, April Elections
for members of the Cortes were held to
day and were very animated. Up to
10:30 o'clock ! to-night the results, except
in a few isolated . cases; are unknown. It
is believed that in , Madrid ' five Conserva
tives and two Liberals have been returned.
It is rumored that the Ministry's electoral
managers have been guilty of ballot
abuses. . Iglesias, the leader of the Spanish
socialists, has been victorious in Bilboa,
defeating a altby shipbuilder ; named
Rivas, Mho, it is reported, paid • $lO per
vote.' I 7. .7* "-47" * -y
. It is rumored that there ar_.disturbances
in I_ ualada, province ' of Barcelona, and
that incendiaries have applied ths torch
to a factory belonging to the Liberal can
didate. . '"'""".'', ' ti -; '' *' "•■'-
LONDON, England, . April ,13.— dis
patch to the Standard from Madrid "says
that the official data at hand at midnight
indicates the election of 180 Conservatives,
65 Liberals, 8 Dissident Conservatives and
5 Carlists, and the election of seven candi
dates whose politics is unknown. All
the Socialist candidates in Catalonia were
defeated, jj General Francois de Bourbon, a
pretender to the throne of France, was
elected in Gracia, a suburb of Barcelona.
REACHES CUBA SAFELY.
Landing of Another Expedition to the
Island.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 12.-A Herald
special from Wey West (Fla.) says: The
Cuban leaders here have received news '
that early on Saturday the steam tug
George W. Childs landed; a well-equipped
filibustering expedition in Cuba.
The landing is said to have taken place
on the coast of Pinar del Rio. A column
of Maceo's army was on hand, it is said, to
receive and protect the supplies.
It is stated that the expedition was one
of the largest that has succeeded in reach
ing Cuba. Colonel Juan Manzon is said to
have been in command, and he was ac
companied by more than 100 men, fully
half of whom were Americans.
The munitions carried by the George W.
Childs are said to have comprised 3000
rifles, 500,000 cartridges, several Hotchkiss
and Gatling guns and many revolvers and
machetos. Clothing and medical supplies
were also carried.
SPAIN WILL. YIELD.
Ready to Act on a Friendly ' Suggestion
From. This Government.
NEW YORK, N. V., April -The
Herald's special correspondent in Madrid
cables as follows: With the employment
of a very little diplomacy by the United
States the impending trouble with Spain
can be averted. -MJ- ' \y
I am able to state this almost author
itatively, after conversations with the
leaders of the two important political par
ties in Spain. If th« United States will
approach the Spanish Government in a
friendly spirit and ask exactly what
condition of autonomy the Spanish Gov
ernment shall grant Cuba before the for
mer Government recognizes the insurgents
on the islands as belligerents, the Spanish
will meet overtures half way.
ANGRY MADRID JOURNALS.
Will Make the European Question Inter
esting in the Event of War.
MADRID, Spain, April 12.— The news
j papers here are angry at the American
I juries and courts for acquitting the men
; who were accused of being filibusters. The
' Epoca says that if there is a conflict be
! tween Spain and the United States Span
j ish diplomacy will succeed in a few weeks
, in making the European question interest
: ing to all the powers haying colonies in
the new world. The paper insinuates that
Spain will obtain European aid. A major
ity of the papers express the hope that the
; Government will decline any mediation
j proffered by Preeident Cleveland.
•♦
A' UMER O US i: SCO UN TERS.
Insurgents Enter the Province of Havana
and Burn a Town.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 12.— Numerous
encounters between Government troops
and rebel bands are reported from the dif
ferent provinces. There has been consid
erable fighting around the trocha, the mil
itary line across the island.,.' 77",
Parties of insurgents recently entered
the; province of Havana from the east.
They appear to be gathering near the
trocha. >;.;b-7;,
General Arolas reports that the opera
tions against Maceo are continued day and
night. The town of Cuatro Caminos,
province of Havana, has been burned by
rebels under Mirabel.
MISSION CANYON ACCIDENT.
George Newton Thrown From a Buggy
yiY;and Fatally Injured. .*■ -
SANTA BARBARA, Cat,., April 12.—
I George Newton, an old resident of Mission
j Canyon, while intoxicated this afternoon,
j lost control of a spirited colt he was driv
] ing and was thrown from his buggy near
Mission Bridge, where he was found in an
unconscious condition. There was no wit
ness to the accident, but the wheel of his
vehicle apparently passed over his head,
fracturing the right side of his skull. A
physician was summoned and did what he
could for the injured man, but at a late
hour this evening he had not regained
consciousness and his death was momenta
rily expected.
Newton has been for many years super
intendent of the Santa Barbara Water
Company's reservoir, and has had charge
of the company's lands in Mission Canyon.
He was formerly the owner of a large tract
of valuable Pueblo lands. His generous
disposition won him many friends. He
has a wife and eleven children. The fact
that his eldest daughter is lying on her
deathbed adds to the sadness of to-day's
occurrence.
a
Drowned in Mad River.
EUREKA, Cal., April 12. — Captain
Matheson of Areata Circuit Salvation
Army, better known in the army as the
"Little Laplander," was drowned to-day
while attempting to cross Mad River at
Hannas Ford. Matheson was on the way
with a companion to hold an army meet
ing at Dows Prairie.
CUT HIS FRIEND.
Gregor Smith's Mysterious Wound—
fee-cue of Joseph Griffin by Two
"Call" Men.
Gregor Smith, a tailor, whose place of
business is at 515 California street, was
taken from the steamer Ukiah last even
ing with a severe cut in his right wrist,
from which he came near bleeding to
death before he reached the hospital.
The circumstances under which the cut
ting occurred are clouded in mystery un
less the very remarkable story of the two
parlies directly involved is to be credited.
George C. Douglas, a clerk at the South
ern Pacific offices at Fourth and Town
send streets, is the man who did the cut
ting. He claims that he and Smith, who
was his friend, had been to " a picnic at El
Campo. On the way home he was talking
to Smith, at the same time paring his fin
ger-nails with a pocket-knife, when some
one pushed Smith against him. In this
manner he says Smith sustained the cut.
Smith tells the same story and no one else
is known to have witnessed the episode.
All the main arteries of Smith's wrist were
severed, but j his condition is not consid
ered dangerous.
Douglas, in spite of the statements of
himself and the wounded man. was booked
on a charge of assault with a • deadly
weapon: . .
j__ Some of those who witnessed the occur
rence stated that Douglas made a lunee
with ' the « knife at a woman seated along
side of Smith, and that the latter in put
i ting up his hand to save her . received
the.wound.':r.y^7*y-'?yyy y-YY-y- ■:.-
As the steamer was entering the ferry
slip a drunken youth, named Joseph Grif
fin, 'ran to: the rear end of the boat and
leaped into the bay. He was fished out by
two members of £ The Call staff, who were
in a launch on their way to a vessel in the
stream. Griffin ; was.' nearly dead when
rescued. He was turned over to the cus
tody of friends, -who took him to his home
on Third street.
MURDER ENDS A
HICKMAN FEUD
George W. Stevens Shot to
Death by James
Ferris.
QUARREL OVER A BILL.
Attempts to Collect a Small
Sum the Cause of the
Tragedy.
VENGEANCE OF THE DEBTOR.
Seeks Out His Enemy and Ends His
Life— The Victim a Rough
.- Character.
--■-... - -!-■ ft-.
MODESTO, Cal., April 12.— An indebt
edness of $2 or ?3, alleged to have been due
to Stevens & Lean, a blacksraithing firm
of Hickman, caused a murder at that vil
lage last evening. George W. Stevens,
the senior member of the firm, was shot
and instantly killed by James Ferris, from
whom he has repeatedly tried to collect
the amount of the bill.
There has been trouble between the
men for a couple of. weeks. Stevens
called at Ferris' saloon several times and
they quarreled over the debt. Last even
ing Ferris went to Stevens' shop and asked
Lean where Stevens was. Lean replied
that his partner was at home. Ferris
started for Stevens' house, but met Stevens
on the way. What was said is not known.
Ferris refuses to tell, . and though Lean
could see the men he could not hear what
was said. y:-'\
After a moment's parley Ferris raised a
revolver and struck Ferris on the left side
of the head, cutting a gash four inches
long in the scalp. When Stevens raised
his hands to protect his bead Ferris fired,
the bullet striking Stevens just above the
collar bone on the left side of the throat,
cutting the windpipe and jugular vein,
ranging downward and coming out to the
left of the backbone. Stevens fell, dying
instantly. - ,-/•,'■ , . ; - : y
Deputy Constable J. F. Dolan brought
Ferris to the County Jail at Modesto this
morning. The Coroner brought the body
of Stevens to Modesto and will hold an
inquest to-morrow.
Ferris has been a laborer in this vicinity
for several years. About three weeks ago
hz engaged in the saloon business at
Hickman. He seemed to be of a peaceable
disposition. Stevens formerly worked in
Modesto, where he was known as a quar
relsome man. Being of powerful physique
he was feared by all around him. About
three years ago he was shot in the leg by
Charles Morrell. who was with Chris
Evans, the bandit, in his last attempt to
escape from the officers at Fresno. Three
months be got into a fight at Hickman
and was terribly cut. He had been in a
number of quarrels and fights and was
generally considered a "bad"' man.
NEW TO-DAY.
m tfCtm
mWz&
uii)K J^v>.
jCarboard Watch
Jihoyl
Some 600 pretty little
Sailor Suits in S&tuo TJwili
Cheviots, extra deep sailor
collar, trimmed with red
soutache braid with shield
—braid or shield, includ-
ing lanyard and whistle.
Jin extraordinarily biy spe-
cial for 7/Jonday, and not
after Jffonday, at
$1.00.
Jfot more than two to any
one customer— none for
dealers -sizes 3 to JO
years.
See the {Pretty Straws
and White *Duck Sailor
Sfats in our biy Sfat
department to-day.
{Raphael's
corporated),
TJJf€ 2&SSCO &02/S,
9, 11, 13 and 15
J^earny Street,
34
WHAT ONE MAN IS DOING FOR TUOLUMNE
COUNTY
SONORA, Cal., April 9.— The Hotel
(t^^ Victoria, the finest hostelry in
*^^^ Northern California, was thrown
_j<_*J open to the public this week.
Although the bouse is not fully
completed, the main building is in fine
running order, under the management
of J. C. Morrison, formerly proprie
tor of the Southern Hotel of Baker-field,
with & well-trained and efficient staff of
stents.
The Victoria occupies a prominent posi
tion on the main street of the town, in the
center of the business quarter. It is built
of stone throughout, quarried from the
hills of Tuolumne County. The main
building is three stories high and contains,
exclusive of office, dining-room, barroom,
kitchen, parlors, etc., about thirty-six bed
rooms.
The basement, which extends the fell
length and breadth of the building, is fitted
up for wine and other storage rooms, ice
chest, bakery, laundry, meatroom and
similar purposes. A doorway from the
office in the north leads to the reading
room, which also opens upon the street.
In the rear of the office are the bar and
billiard rooms, both handsomely equipped
with attractive furnishings.
The porch, which wiil extend across the
entire frontage of both the main building
.and annex, will be 100 feet in length, and
from the upper story, especially, an ex
ceedingly fine view can be obtained of the
surrounding country.
The second and third floors are arranged
almost exactly the same so far as the dis
position of floor space is concerned.
Double parlors and fourteen sleeping
rooms, en suite and single, are upon each
floor. On the south side front of the build
ing is the dining-room, ___50 feet in its di
mensions, directly in the rear of which is
the pantry, which opens into the kitchen.
A large wing by way of addition to the
main buildingi* now* being rapidly built
and when completed will contribute
twelve more rooms, making a total of for
ty-eight bedrooms.
This annex will be LOS feet long, with a
frontage of 2" fee:. It will be two stories
in height, the top one being used for
sleeping-rooms. The ground floor will be
divided into three rooms, the two in the
rear being utilize- as baggage and sample
rooms, while that in front will be occupied
by a bank or some other business enter
prise.
The sj ace between the main building
and the annex will be converted into a
court, in which flowers and tropical plants
will be utilized to brighten the view and
laden the air with their delightful frag
rance.
Extending across the entire front are
two spacious verandas, which, together
with the octagon tower now being added
to one of the front corners of the wing,
serve to take away the effect of bigness
and barrenness that so often afflict the
CAPTAIN W. A. MVILLh.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
eye in our cities and cause* the lover of the
artistic and beautiful to say harsh, even
profane, things about the spirit of com
mercia!ism.
Inside the building the influence of art
is still more in evidence, a? the painting,
frescoing, tinting, etc., have been in the
hands of Blanchard <_ Shell of Stockton
and under the direct supervision of Mrs.
- rills, wife of the proprietor, Captain W.
A. Neville. The woodwork has been given
an attractive oil finish. The woodwork,
by the way, is all of redwood, with the ex
ception of the ' staircases, which" are of
mountain mahogany. Throughout the
entire house fixtureshave been put in for
lighting by both gas and electricity, it
beta* the intention to utilize the latter for
the present, a special plant for which has
been erected.
In the appointments there are but very ■
few hotels in California that can approach !
the Victoria. On every hand is discernible
the studied effort for elegance combined '
with comfort, and at the same time the
fact is strongly impressed on the visitor
that this splendid hostelry is built of Cali
fornian materials almost exclusively. 1
It is said by those who are supposed to J
'know that the total cost of the Victoria,
furnishings included, will foot up to the
handsome sum of $100,000, and The Call
\ correspondent, after a visit to and inspec
j tion of the establishment^ is inclined to
' think that no better possible investment
j could be found for that number of the
: golden dollars of the public-spirited owner
!of the famous Rawhide mine. The furni
i ture is of curly birch and oak, of handsome
1 designs, while the carpets are mainly of
j velvet and heavy Brussels, of attractive
1 pattern and varied colors.
For weeks heavily leaden teams have
' been arriving from'Oakdale, transferring
i from that point the furniture, carpets, fix
; tures and appointments for the hotel, and
i everything is in readiness for the opening
j to-morrow. The frescoing and delicate
; tinting of the parlors, dining-room, bar
room and halls, taken together with the
. more than handsome furnishings and fix
i tares, present under the flooding radiance
\ of the electric light an effect so beautiful
| and so suggestive of luxury and art that it
is difficult to realize that one is still in the
little town far up in the hills of Tuolumne
County. Then the noise of the mountain
brook that runs through the town only a
; few steps from the hotel awakens one to
'. the reality of his surroundings.
HISTORY OF THE HOUSE.
! The Victoria Passed Through Different
Hands — A Happy
Idea. *■
THE building in which the hotel is lo
cated has a somewhat unique history.
Its construction was begun last sum
mer by two Italians who designed the
structure with a view of utilizing the ground
floor for two storerooms and the two upper
stories for a lodging-house. It was put up
as solid as a fortress, the walls appearing
] of sufficient strength to successfully resist
a ten-pound shot. Through the exact cen
ter of the building, running lengthwise of
the structure, a solid Btone wall was put
up, extending from the basement to the
roof. In this wall was but one door, con
necting the two rooms on the ground floor.
The object which the owners had in view
j in constructing the building in this man- 1
j ncr was explained by one of them. by the
i statement that the wall provided for a pos
sible emergency in which the two partners
might disagree. In such an event all that
it would be necessary to do would be to
close up the connecting doorway on the
ground floor and each man could take a
half of the building, thus making practi
cally two structures out of one.
Financial troubles came upon the orig- j
inal constructors, and it was at this junc
j ture that Captain Xevills made a bid for
the property and secured its control.
j Plans were rapidly drawn for converting it
( into a first-class hotel building, and the
work has been vigorously pressed up to
the .resent time.
On the whole, Sonora may well be proud
of its new hotel, which is hot only a thing
of beauty and use but a monument to the
enterprise of W. A. Nevilis, who thus sets
an example which other California capi
talists would do well to imitate by doing
something practical toward building up
the State wnich has so abundantly en
riched them from her natural bounties.
The rising young architect and builder,
Hugh Braunton of Stockton, may also be
justly proud of his wort on the Victoria.
It was a happy idea on. the part of
Captain W. A. Neviils when he deter
mined to erect in Sonora a hotel of which
many cities* ten times the size of Sonora
might be proud.
Sonora has been rather deficient in hotel
accommodations. The two hotels* in town
have nearly every night been crowded to
the roof, and frequently guests were com
pelled to seek sleeping accommodations
elsewhere. This condition of affairs could
naturally have but one effect. Many pri
vate families saw an opportunity to make
an honest dollar by renting their spare
rooms, and a number of lodging-houses
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL. 13, 1896.
were erected for the same purpose. When
it became known that a new hotel was to
be opened all these interests— or many of
them made vigorous protest.
That the traveling; public will appreciate
the proffered relief irom conditions which
at times have proved exceedingly embar
rassing, goes without saving, "and the
people of Sonora will awaken to a realiza
tion of the fact that the new enterprise is a
substantial factor in the upbuilding of the
business interests of the town. The Hotel
Victoria wilt not only give more adequate
accommodations to! the public, but will
stimulate a spirit of rivalry which is the
forerunner of a higher degree of excellence.
The Victoria fills | a want in this com
munity and demonstrates the practi
cability of enjoying all the modern ad
juncts and luxuries of civilization even in
the fastness of the monntains far from
railroads, steamships and the madding
crowd of great cities. The Victoria is
equipped with facilities both for gas and
electric liehting, baths, etc., while the
cuisine will be under the management
of an able and experienced chef.
A LEADING MINER.
Captain Nevills in the Wonderful Rawhide
Mine Sets a Good Ex
ample.
CAPTAIN W. A. NEVILLS enjoys
the distinction of being one of the
*~" most successful and enterprising
miners in California, who through his
courage, skill and! indomitable energy
has become the i owner of a mine
justly celebrated for its marvelous rich
ness. About rive years ago he turned
his attention to the quartz mines of
Tuolumne County, at a time when mining
' was at low ebb in that region. Every mine |
: thereabouts was closed, although many of
! the rich mines of the early days were ly- !
: ing idle, mines that have yielded from
1100.000 to $1 ,000.000 from twenty to thirty
years ago.
The mines were closed because the own-
I ers could not proceed further with the
'means and appliances of those days, hut
' recent developments have shown in five
■ different cases near Sonora that many of
those once famous mines are still rich and
are again turning out their millions. Tuol
; umne County is very favorably situated
for quartz mining, and, so far as external
indications and facilities may serve as
' guides, together with the official records
of the output of the mines in that county,
the presumptions are that it will be second
to no other county in California in the pro
duction of quartz gold. Wood and water
' are abundant, the roads generally are good
and the quartz veins are large, numerous
and easily traced. |
Still with such natural advantages the
industry was dead, until one day it was
rumored that the famous Rawhide mine
had been purchased J and would soon be
I operated with improved machinery on an
! extensive scale- Shortly afterward Cap
tain W. A. Neville, one of the new pur
chasers, and who is creditably known in
mining and business circles the State over,
I appeared upon the ground, and from that
day to the present the vicinity of the Raw-
I ide has been marked by every evidence
; of enterprising development.
From what had been regarded as a
| worthless property the Rawhide mine was
; transformed into one of the most valuable
\in the mountains. Since then to the pres
ent time the material business conditions
\ of this district have steadily improved.
i Other capitalists developed mines and val
'. ues took a decided upward tendency. The
'. man who owned a mining claim could
once more figure that he was the possessor
of a tangible asset, and public attention
was directed toward the district which had
j for years received but little recognition
! from the outside world. And all this was
made possible by the enterprising captain.
In the course' of time Captain Xeviils
came to the conclusion that a foundry
; and machine-shop were needed at the
mine and lie erected these works some
| miles from the town of Sonora.
With even branch 'of the mine working
: in perfect order, the great crushing-mill,
; the ore-reducers or refiners, the machine
shops and foundry, hie loosed about him
for another enterprise! The captain found
that a competing suge line' would be a
boon for Sonora and forthwith he ordered
the necessary coaches and appurtenances
; of a first-class, thoroughly equipped stage
line. ;y ' | ■ .
■• '■ ■ ■ ♦'
J HIS MANY ENTERPRISES.
■r% ."■-■'-'■ i ■-*.■-• y
Captain Nevills a Benefactor to the
. " .People of the Town of
Sonora.
PRIOR to the opening of the new line
the fare was $4 from Milton to Sonora,
and if a passenger happened to carry
with him a trunk, which it was found
impossible to accommodate in the stage
""•-'■ - ' - '**! ' ■ ~ 7
upon which its owner took passage,
the : next stage which . brought the
article up also collected $_ for its
transportation. The fare is now $2,
and your trunk goes free, whether it ac
companies or follows you- The stages
were put under the management of Dennis
Guerin, an old resident of Sonora, and
under his supervision, travel becomes a
luxury, the passengers riding in the finest
coaches that money can buy behind some
of the best and fastest stock in all Tu
olumne.
j The history of the Rawhide mine reads
like a romance. It was opened, worked
| and virtually abandoned only to be once
J more passed through a process of develop
ment in which gold poured from the bowels
of the earth in a copious stream. The
quartz led»e was first located in 1856 by
Thomas Willis and his partner, Robert
Turner, who owned the Rawhide ranch
eriaand worked the placer deposits thereon.
They subsequently sold the mine to four
prospectors, who" worked the ledge with
good results until it attracted the atten
tion of Colonel Edward Green, a wealthy
capitalist, wno bonded the property for the
New York market in the early part of 1863.
Then trouble arose for the owners, who,
' after incorporating ana making a deed to
the Eastern people, as an incorporation,
for $80,000, on a better offer from the late
• John Gashweiler, sold the mine again to
him, giving their individual deeds. The
New York company asserted its legal
rights, ana Gashweiler caused the four
owners to be arrested on a charge of ob
; taining money by false pretenses. The
owners were "acquitted, and in turn they
. sued their enemy and secured substantial
damages against him.
After this was settled the Eastern com
' pany took a lease of the mine for three
years at 135.000 a year. The company ex
tracted ore to the" value of $4500, and only
i then discovered it could not work the ore
• profitably.
Pressure was brought to bear upon the
owners and the lease was an nulled. Green
and his associates paving the debts ac
; crued, amounting to $6000. About this
1 time Professor Silliman was sent out to
pass upon the ores, and together with
* Thomas Price elaborate tests were made in
. an endeavor to extract the gold, and a
large shipment was made to Swansea,
i The Silliman report, a voluminous treatise
j on gold in conjunction with tellurium, is
| now in the archives of the company. After
| this the mine was closed down for nearly
twenty years, and until the location of
heirs of the original owners in Liverpool,
i who were able to pass a clear title to Cap.
THE HOTEL VICTORIA, SONORA.
tain W. A. Nevills and his associates,
Messrs. Martin and Uallard.
And now, with improved appliances and
a better knowledge of the treatment of
ores, Captain Nevills and his partner.-.
Messrs. Ballard and Martin, are enabled
to extract a fortune from the mine. The
new era of progress has dawned upon these
mines in the Sierras, and upon none more
brightly than the Rawhide of Sonora.
This mine gives the appearance of a busy
manufacturing settlement to the little
valley where it sinks far down into the
mountain. In all there are forty struc
tures upon the property of the Rawhide,
all designed for use in its actual operation
or for the accommodation of the persons
connected therewith. Among these is a
very pretty cottage in which Captain and
Mrs. Nevills reside, and at the most con
venient points are located all the other
buildings usually found about a great
mining plant.
Electric-light wires are strung over the
entire property, both in and out of the
mine and the buildings. Power and light
are both secured from a company located
at Columbia, about eight miles distant
from the mine, and the forty stamps
which crush the ore are kept pounding
away, day and night, from the beginning
to the close of the year.
Quite frequently" Captain Nevills leaves
the mine to transact business in the City,
and on these occasions Mi_. Nevills keeps
the admirable system under which the work
is conducted moving smoothly along, and
gives the visitor the impression that she is
not only a charming hostess, out is alsc
possessed of business qualifications of nc
mean degree. In addition to the Rawhide
Captain Nevills has the Valparaiso and
App mines under his management, with
the genera; supervision of the stage line
and works about the mines. 7 .77
*
THE MOUNTAIN STAGE.
One of the Most Picturesque Features of
Old Tuolumne's New Devel
opment.
TO reach Sonora or Jamestown, or any
place in that region, the traveler has to
abandon the railroad at Milton and
take to the stage. And a stage ride in the
Sierra foothills is something quite out of
the ordinary routine of life.
The old overland stage is the vehicle
still used in Tuolumne. Six horses on the
run leading the way down a mountain
road would afford exhilaration in any
drive, but with the vehicle— a fine, large,
modern-built stage— that rocks and sways
above a precipice at every turn in the
road, there are some of the thrilling ele
ments of a breakneck runaway and a bal
loon accident. '
Mr. Nevills has enlivened and improved
the Tuolumne stage service by establish
ing competition, and his Jamestown route •
is popular with all the Californians who
find delight in the pioneer's sturdy mode
of traveling. The Jamestown route", from
1 Milton to tonora. is managed ,by Dennis
; Guerin, a brother of the respected Rev. P.
! Guerin. The manager is known to all the
i travelers in the country, and no man is
more at home on the romantic stage roads
than he is. . "**
The "Nevills stage line is splendidly
equipped with new and commodious
; stages of the latest and best make, and
I young, strong and fast horses. The ride
from Milton to Sonora, by way of James
town, is a genuine pleasure. "This route
avoids the heavy grades which make the
ride to Sonora over other lines so tiresome.
The route is through a most interesting
stretch of country, famous in early Cali
fornia history.
Table Mountain is ever a glory to Bret
Harte's readers, and on the stage line re
sides the man who has been described as
the original Truthful James. The ferry
over the Stanislaus is a feature of the stage
ride, and that entire region is full of illus
trations of the stories and poems of the
early days of California mining.
Not the least attractive of the many
quaint camps reached by aid of Mr. Ne
vills' stages is the old town of Columbia,
the center of the hydraulic mining excite
ment when Harte and Twain were loating
casually about the diggings. In those j
days Columbia had many thousands of
people. The substantial "brick and stone
buildings erected at that time, as well as j
in Jamestown, before alluded to, attest the :
confidence of the gold diggers in these J
places. Sawyer's Bar is another historic ;
place, where immense amounts of gold i
were taken out.
All the country about there is white
with the protruding rocks, from whose
surfaces, for several feet, the red soil has
been washed away. Away to the north and !
east are beautiful, undulating bills, rising j
to heights higher and higher until they j
become mountains of the Sierra Nevada i
range. They are fringed with green pine
and fir, and "the fragrance from them is as i
pleasant as it is health-giving.
Tuolumne is a most interesting county j
to visit. It is in Tuolumne that pocket
mining, as well as Quartz and placer mm- j
ing, is carried on. The former industry is I
very alluring to nomadic miners who de- i
sire to make a stake by merely following '
up stringers ot gold rock till they lead to |
a common center... where the pocket is
found. In one of these gold is found in i
quantities reaching all the way from a few
dollars to several thousand "dollars. In
"Roughing It" the author describes it as i
a lazy man's most interesting occupation, j
It is conceded that the development of a I
section largely depends upon its roads and
means of transportation of freight and ■
passengers. Good roads and good stages
in the mountainous counties are prime
factors in increasing population and build
ing up industries.
The Nevills line of stages will do much .
to attract tourists and investors to j
Tuolumne: and when it is remembered
that at Sonora the traveler can rest at the !
beautiful Hnrpl Victoria th*» innrnev will .
seem like a holiday excursion. The new
line will greatly benefit Tuolumne County.
THE GREAT RAWHIDE.
Interesting Sketch of One of the Most Famous
Mines in the Golden
Range.
THE development of the great Rawhide
mine and its success under Captain
Nevills* management is a subject for
constant comment among mining men.
No room remains for doubt regarding the
richness of the mine and its possibilities
of creating wealth as now operated.
The mine has become one of the most
famous in all California, and it is declared
that as a gold-producer it stands unrivaled.
Report s on this mine have been made by
eminent authorities, and the entire mining
world is well acquainted with the wealth
stored there.
More than twenty -five years ago a shaft
310 feet deep was sunk at the southerly
end of the c.aim. One of the experts who
during the period of the earliest workings
made metallurgical investigations on the
treatment of the ores reported that the
samples assayed averaged as high as
twenty-five ounces 01 gold per ton. Thomas
Price at that time paid $8000 for seventeen
tons of ore that he purchased for shipment
to Europe.
What is now known as the main shaft
at the Rawhide mine has been sunk in the
lode at an average angle of 63 degrees to
the depth of £40 fee*.
A crosscut was driven easterly from the
shaft 200 feet from the surface. From the
end of this crosscut the second level was
extended southerly 155 feet. Here a width
of fully thirty feet of ore was developed.
An average sample of this hole mass of
quartz, which is "more or less mixed with
country rock, was taken, and found to as
say $5 35 per ton.
The crosscut from the shaft is all in
quart- and the hanging wall has not yet
been reached. The available quartz "for
the whole length was thoroughly sampled
and assayed $2 27 per ton. following
the level north the hanging wall is
follow ed and the level shows quartz
• mixed with slate. A crosscut has been
] driven into the vein and an upraise
twenty-five feet in length made, following
the quartz. A sample from this point
i assayed $4 03 per ton.
No stopmg of quartz has teen made on
! this level, but the vein is wide, averaging
fully thirty feet at all points where ex
plored.
The ore taken from this portion of the
mine has assayed at $4 71 per ton.
Reserves of this value that are available
are 300 feet in length and 200 feet high,
and it has been estimated that the amount
of ore here is 92.397 tons, This estimate is
conservative. '
As all ; the . necessary dead work has
already been performed such ore
should be worked so as to leave a profit of
quite $1 per ton, with the possibility of
encountering much richer material while 1
extracting the low-grade 0re. ",".• The possi
ble profit of the available ore above the
200 level is, therefore. $92,307.
In this figuring ? the average width is
assumed : to be only twenty feet, though
that is much less than the actual average.
With the length 300 feet and the height
200 feet the result is made 1,200,000 cubic
feet of ore. A ton is estimated at thirteen
cubic feet.
Three hundred feet from the surface
the third level has been extended south
and connected with the south or old shaft.
Beyond certain points, however, the level
is inaccessible on account of caves, and
could not be entered from either the main
shaft or the old shaft. No stopes have
been opened between this and the second
level. Samples of the quartz from the
caved-in portions assay $5 35 per ton, and
an average sample from the level, ex
tending from the shaft to the point where
closed for a width of six feet, assayed $6 12
per ton.
The crosscut from the shaft to the level
is all in quartz of a width of fully thirty
feet, and an average sample assayed $4 94
per ton. The level extended north has not
reached the quartz.
All of the quartz reserves now available
and measurable is a block of quartz 90 feet
by 100 feet. No crosscut has been made on
the level to prove the width of this quartz,
but the crosscut from the shaft has shown
the width to be 30 feet, and the width was
never much less than this on what is
termed the footwall vein. With the
average width assumed, for the purposes
of calculation, to be 20 feet, it is shown
that there are at least 13.846 tons ; and the
average assay value of this ore is $5 73 per
ton.
It is not necessary to continue with the
figures to show the richness of this great
California mine, but the figures in the
reports are of fascinating interest to the
mining men of the State.
At a depth of 500 feet from the surface
a crosscut was driven easterly and from
its end the fifth level was extended south
erly for 200 feet. The face is In good ore.
sample 49A from this point assaying gold,
$25 83; silver, $1 50; total per ton, $26 33.
The length of stoning has been 155 feet,
and has extended nearly, up to tne fourth
level. The width of material removed in
sloping has been from sto 8 feet. All of
the ground in the stopes and above the
stoped ground in the level south ot the
shaft is badly caved. The reserves left
standing here consist of a block ! next the
fourth level 155 feet long and 20 feet high,
with an average width of 7 feet, anil a
pillar next the shaft 30 feet long, ICO feet
high and 7 feet wide. 1 ins block of ground,
however, is not immediately available, as
time must be allowed for a sufficient set
tling of the ground. It should be remem
bered in mis connection that sample
was obtained from the only point where
these reserves were accessible on the
fourth level, and that sample 41A. from
the face of this level, where the vein is
seven feet wide, assayed in gold and silver
$2633 per ton.
North from the crosscut the fifth
level has been driven over 500 feet,
but the last 100 feet is in barren rock.
At the crosscut the width of the quartz is
quite thirty feet and sample 41 represents
the average value. This sample assayed
gold. $6 20: silver, 61 cents; total per ton,
$6 61.
The most northerly crosscut on this
level is in quartz and the footwall has not
been reached. The value of the quartz at
this point is represented by sample 39,
taken from the face, and sample 40. taken
from the roof, and which assayed, No. 39,
$11 90; No. 40, $5 21 per ton. - y y
Undoubtedly this body of quartz ex
tends up to the surface, where the crop
pings are very wide, and tbe quartz of the
same general character. Surface profile
and the cross section will make' this
point clear. At no place south of the
shaft, excepting on the second level, has
any crosscut been driven into this foot
wall vein, but, judging ! from the surface
croppings south of the main shaft, there
can be no doubt but that the footwall vein
lies under all the ground which has been
sloped. As will be noted later on. the ex
plorations north of the shaft on the levels
below the 500 have been very limited, but
there are abundant evidences of the con
tinuance of the vein.
IN THE LOWER LEVELS.
Great Stores of Golden Ore That Lie in
the Bowels of the
Earth. ■
IN the deeper levels of the Rawhide mine
I there is an abundance of golden ore in
sight, and still beyond, miners say,
for there are millions in reserve lying in
wait the hand of man to tear tnem from
the bowels of the earth.
Continuing his investigations on the 600
level, the expert found a rein 9 feet in
width, giving an average assay of $30 16,
$4 22 and $6 03 a ton. Samples from the
face of this stope assayed— $32 50,
silver $2 05; total, $34 55 "a ton. The vein
at this depth lies south of the shaft, but
there are clear indications that it also ex
tends northward. The seventh level, TOO
feet from the surface, has been extended
MRS. W. A. NEVILLS.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
south, and presents a body of ore at least '
7 feet in diameter. Average samples as- -
sayed $6 57 a ton. The eighth level pre- ;
sents a vein of mixed quartz, slate, clay 1
and calcspar, yielding from $3 54 to $5 91 a i
ton. Samples from the stopes, however •
give as high as $2002 a ton. Here, as in
the sections of the mine, is an immense
reserve, estimated to have 5000 tons of ore '
worth $40,000. Another block of 2280 tons
near by has been valued at $11,415.
Down 900 feet the vein was encountered
i opposite the shaft. It had a width of 12
i feet— a solid body of ore pressed in be
i tween mighty wails, affording an ap
parently illimitable source of supply
«7, e^ tonof which « estimated to yield
/vl? to th *. mine -owners. At least
lU,WO tons of quartz are expected from '
reeion. In all ih * ninth level may i
give $130,000.
The estimated profit in the calculated I
reserves from all parts of the mine, are :
Second level, $92,307; third level. $13,
--846; fourth level, ; fifth level, $230,954;
sixth level, $179,409; seventh level, $144,
--, »*; eighth level. $51,287; ninth level, $180,
--i 000; a total of $892,429.
There is not the slightest indication of
any weakening of the vein as depth has
been attained. In fact, as far as the work
as Progressed the fissure seems stronger i
in the bottom than in any other part of the
, mine. The chances are, therefore, favor- j
able for a continuance of pay ore to great
I depth. Reference to the map* will show
that south of all the explorations exist
large blocks of ground which . are practi
cal! unexplored, while north of the main
shaft the whole of the ground is in the
same condition, and the few points which
have been explored show a great widtn of
fissure continuing fully 400 feet north. .
Bullion and ore returns from the prop
erty commenced to be received in October,
1882, the first yieid being 596 pounds of o>-e
from which was extracted gold of the value
of $3420 11. Between this time and Octo
ber, 1593, a further sum of about $45,000
was extracted from some 1071 tons of ore,
which is a yield of $42 per ton. This total
of $48,420 11 represents the product of the
north shaft. §_P3S
In October, 1593, returns began to b«
received from the work in the main shaft,
and during the months of October. Novem
ber and December of that year 1330 tons of
ore were mined and milieu, producing the
gross amount of $26,141 29, which is at the
rate of $19 65 ocr ton. During _»_, 8515 tons
of quartz were extracted from the stopes and
levels from the main shaft, and yielded
in the mill the gross amount of $162,885 73,
which is at the rate of $19 29 per ton. The
total product of the main shaft to the data
of Mr. Price's report was 9660,373 12. which
is a general average of $21 83 per ton.
A well-known mining expert, comment
ing on the mine, says: "As a result of my
careful and searching examination of the
Rawhide property I have no hesitation in
stating thaf there exists within the
patented lines a most interesting and
valuable gold mine, holding out
most assuring prospects that the fis
sure will carry gold and silver to as
great a depth as any gold mine in the State
of California.
"Looking at the mine from every point of
view and considering the extent of the ore
shoots, the character and richness of tbe
ore, the prospects for the future cannot be
regarded as. other than unusually bril*
liant."
The improvements consist of a well
built, substantial 40-stamp mill with self
feeders.copper plates and sixteen Frue van-
Hers, constituting a thorougly equipped,
modern gold mill. The stamp? weigh 850
pounds each and the crushing capacity of
the mill, using the present fine screens, is
two and a quarter tons a day per stamp.
When running on lower grade ore, admit
ting of the use of coarser screens, fully
three tons can be crushed.
Close to the mill is a well arranged as
say office and a retorting and melting
room for the treatment of the amalgam.
A building 154 feet long and 3- v _ feet wide
contains the cblorination works, consist
in-: of a reveiberatory, furnace 80J_ feet
long by 12 feet wide; three leaching tubs,
each 3 feet in diameter and 3 feet in depth;
six 400-gallon precipitating tangs 3 feet in
diameter and 3 fert deep; one settling tub
of a capacity of 000 gallons and six lead
chlorine generators. These works can
treat three tons of concentrations in
twenty-four hours. "7 7.'
The* hoisting works contain a thirty
horse-power engine, two 60-inch by 16 feet
boilers for operating tbe engine and a Dow
steam pump. The size of the hoisting
works building is 73 feet by 59 feet. The
compressor building is s_3_ feet by 22'_
feet, contains a thirty horse-power engine
operating a large Baker blower and a three*
drill air compressor. A blacksmith shop,
40 feet by 36 feet, with a complete assort
ment of tools, is adapted to a: I the needs
around the mine and mill. Over the main
shaft is a strong gallows frame.
In addition "to these buildings there are
a numter of miners' cabins, a superinten
dent's house, a large boarding-house, a
laundry, a reading room, storehouse,
barns, stables, and an office building.
Professor Price once wrote of the Raw
hide mine: "It may be remarked, In
passing, that in an experience of
nearly thirty-five years, during which
time I have visited every important
mine in California, Nevada and Arizona,
I have never seen a better arranged
village than that which has been built on
the Rawhide property. The climate here
is equable, and mining and milling opera
tions can be carried on continuously
throughout the year."
I MONUMENTS TO ENTERPRISE.
i -y ?j f-. V" "■:\£ t --'"'' '^
Captain Nevills' Accomplishments Tell Their
Own Impressive
Story.
SUCH is the brief review of what one
man is doing for Tuolumne County,
and in every feature it is indeed a re
markable record. While Sonora was still
dreaming of past greatness and grass was
growing over the paths of the argonauts,
Captain Nevills came upon the scene. The
abandoned mining camps, marking the
mother lode of the Sierras, lent a tinge of
melancholy to the Tuolumne landscape-
Seemingly the very life had gone out of this
beautiful region. Sonora, the one settle
ment retaining virility, appeared to be
resting upon tier laurel's, achieved in the
days of old and the days of gold.
Advancement in the fields of mechanism
and the science of treating ores opened a
gleam of hope for those castaway mines.
And yet it required courage to .in one's
faith to the new order of things and
a fine insight of the conditions com
bined with more than ordinary energy
and business : acumen to make the trial.
Singularly favored with these require
ments Captain Nevills foresaw an oppor
tunity and grasped it like a man.
What has come of big decision, his
enterprise, and Industry is already a rr .*..-,
uraent whin, all may see and ..^.^
The development arid wonderful scccess '6t
Rawhido mine are not the least <tf
evidences of his presence in T*_.% 7 r,.r
for they have been a new source of w*ft'Fth'
to the State and a beacon for other
wealthy men.
The beautiful Hotel Victoria *,... 'to
the traveler a hostelry ■■.-.-.- :..<,.,
dreamed of in the Sierra*, «mh <*___ u^
comforts and aix.iri. s .-.: ci^R-at'oh. Wie
new competing „_■**.__»_ *-.- ; prove* .. a
boon to;Tuolumiro. a** _; ..,. ......
pru«ea give emp3.cymen-t to}«H^%*tf__b-*
--of men ana al«rtbttt« .W^fip_^S_S
of dollars throughout the co-wfcy.DIMOND THE BEAUTIFUL.
Where Sylvan Charms and
Agricultural Prosperity
Meet.
THE HOME -SEEKERS' PARADISE.
The Little Town in the Hills Becoming
Famed for Natural and Agri
cultural Attractions.
Nest!in_ in the shelter of one of the
loveliest lines of foothills in the State lies
Dimond, the postofflce for Upper Fruit
vale, now rapidly becoming one of the
most popular residence districts about the
bay.
It is always a matter of surprise, even to
old Caiifornians coming to Dimond for the
first time, to find within a short ride from
San Francisco, and within a few moments
journey of Alameda or Oakland, a spot
where well-cultivated ranches, handsome
houses, with all the luxurious appoint
ments usually found only in city homes
and bits of wild canyon and dense woods
elbow each other in the happiest fel
lowship.
Dimond is reached from the City by
the broad-gauge and the Highland Park
electric road, which meets the train at
East Oakland and at Fruitvale station.
Either of these lines present a varied and
beautiiul panorama for the traveler's en
joyment, and five minutes' walk in any
direction after reaching the terminus
1 1"
brines one into some of nature's loveliest .
haunts.
Almost within the town, on a beautiful
wooded hill, stands the Altenheim, the j
handsome house which the Germans have '
recently built for the old people of that !
race, and on the opposite side of the town,
in the midst of orchards and gardens,
is the Fred Finch Orphanage. Fruitvale
is for beauty one of the notable avenues in J
this country. It abounds in lovely places, ;
and is shaded for its whole length with
majestic trees, bordering inviting gardens.
The Tillmann place is one of the handsom
est of these, where the senior partner of
the San Francisco firm of Tillmann & Ben
del has made a beautiful home, and near
is the residence of Mrs. Florence Blythe-
Hinckley, which the Blythe millions are
turning into a snot of wonderful charm.
At the upper end of the avenue, check
ing its further progress in fact, is the resi
dence of the late Hugh Dimond, from
which place the popular Dimond Canyon !
and the postoffice take their name. "Di- j
mond Canyon is a famous picnic ground j
and a gathering-place just now for all the j
artists and sketching cluos within a radius j
of twenty miles. It is a deep, but easily
accessible ravine, densely wooded with
laurels and oak, and flowing through it is
a beautiful stream that dashes over several
pretty falls on its way to the bay.
• On"; of the most interesting sights to be
seen anywhere in the neighborhood of San
Francisco is a giant oak that stands near
the Dimond residence. A veritable "grand
old man" among trees is this venerable
-•monarch of the forest. In fact it is said
to be, of its kind, the largest but one in J
the United States. One needs to walk
about it and contemplate it for some little
time before a realization of its gigantic
proportions actually takes hold of the
mind. Its head towers high above all
save the tallest eucalyptus trees in its
neighborhood and its enormous out
stretched branches have a spread of 96
'feet. It is a majestic tree, shapely and
sturdy, and as seen now in the glossy
.. beauty of its springtime foliage is a sight
. never'to be forgotten.
How much of a population is already
hidden away in the pretty homes that
■'; show everywhere among the bills may be
judged from the handsome new school
house which has just been completed, to
meet the growing demands of the district.
The Methodists are at present building a
house of worship, and the Presbyterians
have a neat edifice not far from the school
building.
For scenic interest and variety the coun
try immediately about Dimond is tin
equaled elsewhere in the neighborhood of
the hay. Diverging from the electric-car
terminus are several roads leading up into
the bills, and a new road connecting these
and traversing the summit has just been
opened by the Board of Supervisors and
will soon be ready for travelers. - When
completed it will form the desired connect
ing .'ink between Alameda and Contra
Costa counties, that has so long been a
subject of earnest discussion. .•■- ■\- .
It will be more than this, for a syndicate
of capitalists, of whom F. Mi Smith is
one, are already applying for a franchise
for an electric railway that shall follow the
route of the new highway into the Moraga
Valley, thus giving Ihe people of that re
gion entrance into Oakland. There is* no
more wonderful outlook in the State than
is afforded all along this road. It is possi
ble now to drive the greater part of the dis
tance over it, but those citizens of San
Francisco and Oakland who enjoy the use
of the organs of locomotion with which
nature provided them, have long since dis
covered this to be a delightful and readily
attainable holiday walk.
.When completed the road will be a con- '
tinuation of the present Lincoln road,
which climbs the heights to where Joa
quin Miller has his quaint eyrie overlook
ing the bay. From beyond Mr. Miller's
place it will traverse the summit and con
nect with the Redwood road, just before
it takes its plunge down through the can
yon into Contra Costa County. It will
also connect with the present "Hayes Can
yon road," along the Piedmont Hills and
thence to Berkeley.
A tramp over the hills back of Dimond
is a glorious outing these springtime days.
Three or four weeks hence the trip may be
taken luxuriously at the tail of a horse,
and by another year we may be whizzed
elong the summit by the witch v power
Oliver Wendell Holmes so fittingly called
"The broomstick train." but he who is
good for half a dozen miles may start
from Dimond Corner any d.y and
wend his way by an easy grade up
the winding" road past the poet's
domicile, and thence across the fields un
til he strikes the rough highway that now
serves ranchers for getting to town. The
road winds through a tangle of laurel and
manzanita, by fern-grown banks and
broad open stretches covered with poppies
and cream-cups, violets and , mallow,
through veritable parks of redwoods and
madronas, with never a sign to warn pass
ers-by off the grass or away from the gar
den beds, where nature has spread her
glories for the delight of all comers.
A number of. well-known Oaklanders and
San Franciscans have already secured
summer homes up in these hills. Mr.
Thomas Magee has made a sort of earthly
paradise out ol Alder Farm, where he
spends what playtime he is not disporting
in the high Sierras. Father McNally of
Oakland has a ranch overlooking both
counties, where he is considering the idea
of colonizing some of the City's homeless
boys and giving them a chance at useful
lives. Near neighbors to him are J. T.
Classen and C. C. Crowle", who will shortly
build him a home overlooking San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Alameda and the Golden
Gate. V-
There is a wonderful vista to be had on
all sides from this ridge. The hills in
front slope gently down to the level, where,
ie«s than live miles distant, Fruitvale lies,
like a fair garden. Between are orchards
and grainfields, with here and there dark
I streaks of vivid green, showing where
some stream-traversed ravine takes its
woodsy way. They are mining for gold in
one of these ravines, along the Redwood
road, but with less success than are the
otner prospectors, who, with cultivator
and harrow, are mining the rich soil of the
uplands and gathering their gold from
orchard trees.
Further out we look across to the San
Mateo shore at the left, and on the right
rises Tamalpais in his majesty, the "dead
man laid out" seeming almost on & level
with our eyes. The Golden Gate invites
our gaze ocean ward, and leads us in imag
ination through the kingdom of the earth
and the glory thereof. Behind and below
us are green hills and pastures new, rising
even higher, tossed and tumbled together,
until they actually seem to move, falling
over each* other, as it were, in their hurry
to scale the heights to where Diablo lifts
his ragged heart. Fifteen hundred feet is
the elevation here, but so easy is the grade
that one scarcely realizes the climb. 60
wide and wonderful is tbe outlook that
'tis hard to believe half an hour's drive
will take us into East Oakland. .
Here is the paradise of wild flcwerseek
ers. The woods and hillsides are a blaze
of glory this spring. One comes upon
rounded eminences purple with the wild
hyacinth or white with cream cups. A
mile above . Dimond y Canyon the wild
pansy grows, bright yellow, with a purple
center and a dash of the same color
at, the back , of v ; the 7 two y upper
petals. There aro many varieties of mal
low, and representatives of the great lily
family grow in rank profusion everywhere.
In the woods the azaleas are in blossom,
and the huckleberry, with which the hill
are covered, is just beginning to show its
beautiful white flowers. Later *: on the
berry-pickers will be out in force . for . this
is a happy hunting-ground for those who
do not believe •with. Thorean that no one
ever really succeeded in getting a huckle
berry into town. ; .
Winding down the summit the road
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, APRIL 13. 1896.
enters the Redwood road near the quarries
and follows a winding, easy course back to
Fruitvale avenue and the City. 7 Within a
short time the carriage road in contempla
tion will be completed, and then visitors
from the City will be able to take the en
tire drive of twelve or fourteen miles along
such a scenic route as even Tamalpais
cannot show t':e equal. -
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Amateur Champion Donnelly and T. F.
Bonnet Defeat Coait Champion Har
low and J. Riordau.
There was great excitement at the San
Francisco handball court yesterday after
noon when J. Harlow, the coast champion,
and J. Riordan, who held the champion
ship for many years, played against P. T.
Donnelly, the amateur champion, and T.
F. Bonnet. What lent more than usual
interest to the match was the fact that
next Sunday afternoon Bonnet and Har
low will play for a $50 trophy, to be pre
sented to the winner by Phil Ryan, the
proprietor of the court. It was also the
first time that Harlow and Riordan had
played together.
It was thought that Harlow and Rior
dan would have an easy thing of it, but to
the genuine surprise of everybody the re
verse was the case. The first game was
possibly one of the keenest contested of I
any ever seen on the coast, Bonnet and
Donnelly winning it by one ace through
a cleverly executed stroke of Donnelly's.
They won the next game by four aces. ;
Harlow and Riordan saved a" duck's egg
by winning the third, Bonnet and Don
nelly taking the fourth and the match.
At the Union court the event of the day
■was a match between J. J. Feeney and
Terry McManus and R. Linehan and J.
Rogers, the two latter winning after some
clever play on both sides.
Following were the games played in the
courts:
San Francisco Court— Ryan and J. Cassorly
played L. Carraine and O. McDonald and each
side won a rub. M. Callaghan and C. Murray
defeated F. Maloney and J. McCarthy, 21—13,
17—21, 21—10. J. Costello and F. Armstrong
defeated W. McCloskey ana J. Fitzgerald, 21 —
15, 9—21, 21—18. C. Breman and Thomas
Mnguire defeated J. Sullivan and E. McKenna,
21—8, 13—21, 21—14. . D. Connolly . and
J. Nelson played P. Hutchinson and
J. Slattery and each side won a rub.
J. Collins and W. Stansbury defeated J. White
and M. Edwards, 21—16, 7—21, 21—10. P. T.
Donnelly, the amateur champion, and T. F.
Bonnet defeated J. Harlow, the coast cham
pion, and J. Riordan, 21—21, 12—21, 20—16,
21—18. J. Feeney and A. Pennoyer defeated
J. Nelson and R. Linehan, 21—11, 18—
| 21— 19.::-.: r: „ y . ,•■;- ;. -. .• .:_- . - «v'-. 7
Union Court— H. Williams and William
Kehoe defeated C. Caichard ana. C.
Hesson, 21-19, 21—13. John McNamnra
and H. A. To bin defeated William •"* Mo
Manus and I. Bolster, 21—19, 21—20.
William Leonard and M. Morton defeated
John Kennedy and Owen Rowan 21 — 13,21 —
18. Professor Lynch and I. Nelson defeated C.
Johr.son and O. Hendry 21—18, 21—17. James
O'Dounell and M. Mi llett defeated R, Shields
and M. Powers 21—18, 21—19. R. Patterson
and I. Dooley defeated I. Murphy and I.
Woods. ' yy.y-y;y:
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Company D of. the Fifth Regiment Com
petes for the Possession of the
Company Medal. ;
As a con trast to last Sunday, the weather
was everything that could be desired yes
terday for directing leaden missives to the
center of the circumscribed twenty
circled margin round the sharpshooters'
bullseye. The attendance at the Schuet
zen butts, however, was not as great as
last Sunday.
The principal event was the assembling
of Company D, Fifth Regiment, to com
pete for the company's medal. The record
made was:- -*--'-'" ■*."-*',"*.■, t, „
.T. Dawson 46, T. Mullhern 44, F. Jaeoby 44
H. Boyer 42, T. Fallon 42. N. Emhoff 42, M.
Reilly 40, J. Schlossen 39, S. Robinson 39, M.
McNamara 37. J. Barrow 37, E. Murch 37,
P. H. Le Cornce 36, N. Vanderbilt 44, D.
Martens 44. Captain Elliott 43, J. Mulherns 42,
F. Clark 42, Lieutenant Davenport 41. J. Bus
lin 41, Lieutenant Murray 40, J. Jones 40, G.
Donahue 39, S. Eden 38, H. Iverson, 37, E.
Gardner 37, J. Geaver 37, J. F. Robinson 44, F.
B. Moulton 44, T. S. Archer 36. L. Johansen37,
H. Dawley 38, M. Johansen 41.
A private shoot was had between four
veterans of the National Guard for a social
dinner at the twenty-live-ring target with
United States ammunition.
This ouartet comprised Fred Kuhls of
the old Second, E. F.Davis of the Third,
T. S. Archer of the Fifth and F. C. Miller
of the First. The score stood : Miller 102,
Kuhls 90, Archer 76 and Davis 72.
The naval reserve put in* an early ap
pearance and had justcommenced to make
holes in the pasteboard when a dispatch
came from the City ordering the company
to cease bring and return to participate in
the funeral of Governor Jones of Nevada.
A Boy Burglar.
Henry Gilmore, a boy peddler 16 years of age,
went into Ewell's dairy, corner of Twenty
third and Folsom streets, early yesterday
morning and stole a watch belonging to G. W.
Parlier. He was caught 'before he left ,the
place and held till Policemen Griffiths and An
derson arrived. Ho was taken to the Seven
teenth-street police station; and booked for
burglary. When searched some silk handker
chiefs, a bottle of perfume, a bottle of sweet
oil and a pair of cuff-buttons were found in his
pockets, supposed to be the proceeds of another
burglary.
Awful good Mitchell's Magic Lotion Is for
pain or if you get hurt or have sore throat. *
USES SMOKELESS POWDER
F. 0. Young's Success With High
Explosives in His Tar
get Rifle.
SHOOTING AT SHELL MOUND.
German Marksmen Hold Their Monthly
Medal Contests— San Rafael
Military Shoots.
It was expected that yesterday the Shell
Mound rifle-range would be pacKed with
marksmen, but the funeral of Governor
Jones of Nevada, drew away hundreds of
military riflemen who were booked for their
monthly medal competitions. However,
the shooting-stalls were far from empty,
for several German sharpshooting clubs
and the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
turned out goodly numbers and the
marksmen were kept busy. Early in the
morning and late in the afternoon the
light and weather were good, but at mid
day a heavy wind blew in gusts over the
range.
The members of the Columbia Club shot
a lot of lead over the range during the
day, and, as might be expected, made a
number of fine scores on the new target.
F. U. Young paralyzed the crowd by shoot
ing smokeless, powder straight in his 32-40
rifles. It is' customary to reduce the
charge, but Young's experiments show
that it is safe to use the new nitro in the
same measure as the ordinary black pow
der. ;■y 7*7. ■
In fact he loads his shells to the top and
a -lance at his scores shows that he ob
tained excellent results on the target. The
recoil of a full chaige -. is , less than that of
the black powder and the barrel is clear
after every shot. • .. \ , , ; 77.
D. W. McLaughlin also did some fine
work with rifle and pistol. He is one of
the most reliable shotß in the club. Mc-
Laughlin began rifle-shooting twelve years
ago. He went to Chicago during the
World's Fair and -won the Columbian
medal on the man-target on 94 out of a
possible 100 points. In the New York-
California team match in 1892 he made
the highest score in the California team,
1092 out of a possible 1250 points. 7:y**"
Following are the Columbia's rifle and
pistol scores: 7*7bb*f
Rifle, 200 yards, Unfred diamond medal,
three shots— Dr. L. O. Rodgers 10, D. W. Mc-
Laughlin 13, F. O. Young 12, A. Strecker 13. E.
Jacobsen 22.
Champion class, ten shots— F. O. Young 61,
D. W. McLaughlin 75, Dr. Rodgers 78, A. H.
Pape 84.
First class— J. E. Klein 74, A. B. Dorrell 82,
F. Baumgarten 101.
Second class— J. E. Gorman 82, O. H. Breimer
83, F. E. Mason 80, G. Buriev 94, E. Jacobsen
101, L. Finger 120, W. F. in red 147.
Pistol, 50 yards, ten shots, ch_mpion class
J. E. Gorman 46, C. M. Daiss 52, A. H. Tape 57.
First class— Baumgartner 54, L. O. Rod
gers 57, A. B. Dorrell 59, D. W. McLaughlin 61.
Second class— A. Fetz 03, G. M. Barley 64, E.
Jacobsen 76, W. Unfred 121, L. Zimmerman
132. YyYy"- -"■••
Pistol, Blanding medal, open to all comers,
I three shots— A. H. Pape 8, J. E. Gorman 10, F.
| O. Young 10, C. M. Daiss 10, Dr. L. U. Rodgers
10, F. Baumgartner 17, A. Fetz 23..
Revolver, Carr medal— 0/ Young 36-42,
M. J. White 39. • : ■ ■ •' ■"■ • *■; -■*--■■■
22-caliber rifle, 50 yards— W. Unfred 48.
There was an interesting -shot match
on the German ring target* between W.
Glindermann and Nick Ahrens. The latter
was allowed forty.points and shot 1032,
making a total of 1072. His opponent lost
by seventeen points on a score of 1055.
The other "clubs and scores were as
follows. ' < 7 *r*:'" 7 """f ' ~'~y*\t- "y ! 7*l ; -''
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein for monthly
medal, champion class— William Glindermann
428 rings; first class, F. P. Schuster, 440; third
class, H. Wicker, 415; fourth class, J. D. Heiser,
370. .' • .
■ First best shot, H. Huber, 25; last best, D. B.
Faklor, 24. : . - •
Germania Schuetzen Club, .for monthly med
als, champion class Dr. L. Rodgers, 429 rings;
first class, G. Alpers 429; third class," H. H.
Burieind 409; fourth class, C. F. Rust 3G9. ' I
First best shot, A. Mocker 24 ; last best shot,
G. Alpers 24. V: y.yy f y... . . .......
Noradeutscber Schuetzen Club,' monthly
bull.-eve shoot— F. Schuster 142 points, G.
Sehulz 332, D. Hense 403, A. Mocker 422; L.
Brune 547, 11. Hellberg 575, J. Lankenau 590,
H. Burieind 014, A. Hagcdorn 642, J. Th-.de
731, G. Alpers 840. W. Garms 898, H. Stelling
937. ycyy
Independent Rifles, military muskets, pos
sible fifty — J. Faltings 35, J. Minderraann 33,
J. Kuhlke 37. Sergeant F. M. Zeising 41, Cor
poral F. Harr 43, Lieutenant K. Moenning 21,
J. A. Stang 10, H. Gaetjen 34, Corporal W.
Tienken 22, Sergeant C. Kornbeck 38, F. T.
Bonn D. R. 29, Sergeant J. Schneider 26, N.
Biegel 34, Sergeant I. Statmann 28, Corporal
J. Staude 31, F. O. Raabe 2, Corporal C. Schnei
der 28, H. Bishop 30, Captain L. Schneider 10.
WITH THE TRAP SHOOTERS
The Last Day of the California
State Sportsmen's Tour*
J. nament. ,
Semi-Monthly Contest of the Empire
Gun C übH'ld at A-ameda
P-int.
The third and last day's trapshooting of
the California State Sportsmen's Associa
tion's tournament was held yesterday at
the Oakland Trotting Park. The attend
ance was larger than on either of the pre
ceding days, and between times many of
the shotgun enthusiasts amused them
selves in small matches upon inanimate
targets near by. Many of the old-time
siapshot- were present and told how they
killed pigeons in years gone by. There;
was one man present who never misses a
match, nor has he for twenty years past.
He is old man Price, the trapper.
This aged trapper has manipulated the
strings in nearly all the matches held on
the bay, and when in a reminiscent mood,
Price can tell many anecdotes of sports
and sportsmen of other years, and in
many cases he- can tell to a bird bow
many each sportsman killed in the big
matches. He has : trapped almost con
stantly for the association since it was
inaugurated, fourteen years ago.
The lirst event yesterday was a six-bird
match, which resulted in six ties on clean
scores. These ties were shot off in the sec
ond match and three of them, Fendner,
Fanning ana Robinson, again tied and
divided the purse. The first scores stood:
Fendner 6, Fanning 0, Sedam 0, Stilling 6,
Robinson 0, Doe 0, Haight 4, Courtney 4, !
Jones 4," McMurchy 4, Brown 3. ■
The second event was a fifteen-bird
match, $10 entrance and $105 in the- pool.
It started out with ,a; goodly string of
shooters, but one by one they withdrew
after a few misses, leaving the purse to be
divided among the four who made four
teen kills, as seen here: S-fBIS.!-.' /: :.
Robinson 14, Fendner 14, Webb 14, Fanning
14, Brown 14, McMurchy 13. :
* The third event was 'on twelve birds,
$7 50 entrance. Like ; the other match
many withdrew, leaving the purse :to be
divided . among those who made eleven
kills. Score: 7T7'7S* '. ■ -' :
Sedam 11, Fanning 11, Webb 11, McMurchy
10, Robinson 10.
The score of the fourth event, twelve
birds, $7 50 entrance, was as follows: 
Sedam 12, Fenaner 11, Haight 11, Robinson
11, McMurchy 10, Nelson 5, Wagner 4.
Sedam took first' uoney. Fendner and
Haight divided the .second. At least ten
withdrew to save birds. '
There was, quite a number of entries in
the fifth .vent, an eight-bird match with
D. W. McLaughlin, One of the Best Shots in the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club.
$5 entrance, but only the following shot to
the end, Webb and Fanning dividing the
entire purse : >'77 777
Fannin? 8, Webb 8, Haight 7, McMurchy 7,
Sedam 7, Robinson 6.
EMPIRE GUN CLUB.
A Lively Day's Sport on Inanimate
Targets at Alameda
Point. . ■"• i, vv,
The Empire Gun Club's semi-monthly
contest was held yesterday at Alameda
Point. The attendance was lar^e and a j
number of the members shot up on their
last month's record. The main match |
was at twenty-five blue rocks at unknown I
angles and the following scores were j
made:
Stewart 20, Varney 18, Billington 22, Leeds
21, Newton 16, Burgans 24, Olson 15, Baber
12, Young 20, Gross 17, Fischer 19, Goodwin !
14, Uhl 13, Winning 21, Paul 6, Keatings 14, :
Kerrison lv.Trombone 19,Lehrke 19, Tubbs 17,
Anderson 16, Prather 11, Quinton 16, Rodgers |
16, Huntley 19, Williams 15, Lears 18, Jarette
15, King 14, Baker 13, Andrus 23. .'y
The second event was a special ten-bird
match and annexed are the scores:
Newton 10, Trombone 9, Burgans 9, Billing
ton 9, Olson 8, Fischer 8, Robins 7, Rodgers 6,
Gross 5.
THE FIRST CRICKET GAME.
It Was Won and Lost at the
Golden Gate Grounds
Yesterday..
The Alameda and Golden Gate Grounds
Compete, the Former B*ing
Vie orious.
The cricket season of 1896 opened yes
terday, with a match between representa
tive teams of the Alameda and Golden
Gate grounds at Golden Gate. It was an
ideal day for the game, and those who
witnessed the contest were amply repaid
for their journey. 7 b .7 7
v The contest resulted in a victory for the
Alameda ground, though had time ad
mitted of its being played to a finish the
homo team must have won the day. As
will be seen by the scores the latter were
within six runs of their opponents at the
finish, and that with six more wickets to
fall. The play all round was excellent.
In addition to the various creditable bat
And without price," we give
freely, samples of our new importations of
suitings for Summer wear. Take, these
samples home ; look at them, test them,
compare them with what is offered you else-
where ; and then compare the price.
These .handsome Cheviots, checks and
mixed grays, we are making up to your
order, at prices ranging from ten to twenty
dollars ; for ten dollars we make you a suit
worth more than the average $15 ready-made
suit, and superior to what other tailors
charge $18 and $20 for. Our $20 suits are
identical with the suits the usual run of
tailors charge you $30 to $35 for.
. We've all the latest patterns, ' in all
grades ; we can suit your purse, your fancy
and your needs. . ■
Do not mistake our address, and beware
of firms imitating our name and methods;
Only branch in S. F., 211 Montgomery St.
COLOMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
MARKET s_4| STREET.
b W.*a '■• ' : '-'*:
IrfSllft MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
W<& (Sr V 9 ISi » tlonof a famous Fr , e °!?h physician, will quickly cure you of all n*>r-
VI V- «'\) \ "a- '■■'■" '■\T ■ louaI oua or , <*l«ases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood
-t-Lf >* ____, Insomnia, I^i2. t^^ lck • -? in . a, Emissions. Nervous
_P^_. T Wr £'"*_? *; ' , rnfit s9 , to *''' fcxhaustinft Drains, Varicocele and
>C T V / Co_st!nation. It stops a I losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
, , . >«• >*»»-• * ness of discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhea and
BEFORE and AFTER a" I***1 ***- horrors of Impotency. CUPIDENE cleanses the Uver, the
D.runt,«ND«riLn kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
Cl* PI DENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. • ■■—.--.' ■--,-•-
The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors Is becnuse ninety per cent are trouble- with
Pro-tatltl-. CUPIDENE is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimonl.
1 als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cure.
, 1.00 a box , six for $6.-0, by mall. ; Send for ritK_ circular and testimonials.  - ;
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cat. For sale by
BROOKS' PHARMACY, 119 Powell street.
ting feats indicated in the subjoined score-
Pollock's catch of Wiseman, Wiseman's
revenge with Pollock and Cookson'a catch
of Muteh — all in the second innings—de
serve special mention. .7 'bb
The field was in grand shape and testi
fied to the untiring work of the Bohemians
and Californians during the winter.
Following are the scores: 7 7
ALAMEDA GROUND— FIRST INNINGS.
G. Hood b. \\". Robertson 36
F. S. Price b. Moran 1
J. J. Moray c. Simpson, b. W. Robertson 16
E. A. Mutch c. Martin, b. \V. Robertson 10
G. Wiseman b. J. C. Robertson 4
It. B. Rogue b. J. C. Robertson..... 0
H. Ward b. J. C. Robertson.... 26
J. Theobald c. Pollock, b. W. Robertson 8
.T.J. R. Peel b. W. R0bert50n....... .....: ...... 10
W. C. Casidy c. Martin, b. \V. Robertson 1
T.J. A. 'tiedeman not out ' 0
Extras.... ..........' 3
Totals 114
I Bowling analysis:
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wicket,
H. H. Cookson.... 18 16 0 : 0 ;.*,
Moran 80 21 0 1
W. Robertson..... 6o 48 0 6
J. C. Robertson... 36 19 0 3
GOLDEN GATE GROUND— FIRST INNINGS.
J. C. Robertson b. Ward Jr 0
Dr. Bowhill c. Price, b. Casidy 12
J. Pollock c. Wiseman, b. Ward 21
W. Robertson b. Ward.. 8
O. Guild b. Casidy 0
L. Smith b. Peel 17
A. Price b. Casidy 0
S. B. Martin b. Ward 3
C. Townsley c. Hogue, b. Peel 23
M. Moran not 0ut........ 1
H. Cookson b. Ward 0
.extras 6
Total ' 85
' ? Bowling analysis: ■■•■■•.;«•••••—
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wicket.
Ward 77 30 1 ,;- 5..-
Casidy 54 46 ' .0 3
Peel 2- 3 1 2
ALAMEDA' GROUND— SECOND INNINGS.
Hogue c. Guild, b. W. Robertson 10
Morey run out 6
Price" b. W. Robertson 0
Mutch c. and b cookson 9
Wiseman c. Pollock, b. Cookson 0
Ward run out 6
Tiedeman c. N. Martin, b. C00k50n...... 0
Theobald b. W. Robertson 0
Peel run out 1
Casidv b.W. Robertson.; 4
Hoodnotout 9
Extras.. 8
- Total. 49
Bowling analysis:
Balls. Runs. Maidens. "Wickets.
Robertson ....69 19 -6 . y\- 4
Moran 18 7 0 0
Cookson -.48 20 2 3
GOLDEN GATE GROUND SECOND INNINGS.
W. Robertson not out 27
! Pollock c. Wiseman, b. Pee 1.7.:..;..... 7. :..;.... 13
Townsly b. Peel.. 1
; Smith Price, b. Peel 0
Bowhill run 0ut.... 0
J. C. Robertson no: out 31
Total for four wickets 72
Bowling analysis: -7-
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Ward 48 37 0 0
Peel 48 35 1 8
HUDYAN,
"THEGREAL"
ARE YOU NERVOUS?
Do you jump when you hear a sound behind
you? Feel continually "on pins and needles"?
See little specks like dust or small ink spots be- '
fore your very' eyes? Notice' sediment some-
times in your urine? and feel "weak and
weary" especially in the morning? If so,
your system is weak and becoming daily
weaker. You arc suffering from nervous de-
bility — possibly with some complication.
"HUDYAN" is a specific for your condition,
and it will fully cure you. Write and explain
your case to the specialists of the -
Hudson -V-edical
Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Street!, San
Francisco.
From there, and there only, can you get
HUDYAN!
CAN'T YOU SLEEP?
Your skin itches, you have pimples, copper-
colored spots, bad digestion, irritated throat;
you hawk and spit up mucous all the time,
and you feel down ana "blue." Your blood is
impure, caused perhaps oy some old disease
showing its after effects, of which you have
not been perfectly cured. Don't go on wearing
out the system by neglecting these things, for
they mean continual misery for you if ne-
glected long. One thin;; will cure you. That
is "HUDYAN." It is prescribed by and can be
had only from the physicians of the ' *.
Hudson Medical
Institute,
Stockton, Market and ______ Streets, San
Francisco.
From them, and them only, can you get
HUDYAN!
NIGHTLY LOSSES.
These are the most weakening drains in the
world. They affect the nerve centers, the
heart and the brain. If you are a sufferer you
must put a stop to it immediately, for these
emissions are tapping the very wellspring of
your existence: Dou't trifle a moment longer.
"HUDYAN" will put you on your feet rapidly
and effectively. It is [entirely vegetable and
perfectly harmless, yet strong, swift and cer-
tain in its action. And remember, too. that
you can only get it by applying to the skilled
doctors of the grand old
Hudson Medical
Institute.
Stockton, Market and Kills Streets.
SAN FRANCISCO.
From there and there only can you get 7 •'•*''
HUDYAN.
Write and you will get free:
"Blood Book."
"All About the Liver"
And
"A Knowledge of the Kidneys."
And you can also have for the asking circa*
lars and testimonials of -
"THE GREAT"
NOTICE OF SALE
....OF ...
MARIN COUNTY
Railroad Milling
BONDS.
<5-* l Cf\ f\(\f\ MARIN COUNTY RAILROAD
ffiiw.ViJV Refunding Row's— l6o | bonds al
| $1000 each, bearing interest at 4 per cent per aa-
; num: bonds-payable on me Ist day of January,
1916, or at any time before that date at the pleas-
ure of the County of "Marin: interest payable on
j the first day of January and July in each year; tn.
| first coupon runs from the first day of April, 1896.
I and is lor $10.' * ..-;.'-•- -.-.-....
Notice is hereby given ' by the • undersigned.
i Thomas J. Fallon. County Treasurer of the County
| of Marin. State of California, thathids for the pur-
; chase of (be above-described bonds ill be received
; by him at the County Treasurer's office of Marin
j County, in the city of .--an Rafael, Marin County,
California, on
Monday, May _, 1896,
at the hour of 1 o'clock p. m. of said day.
I The stiirt bonds will be sold at said County Treas-
-1 urer's office on May 4, 1896, at the hour of 1
■ o'clock p. m. to the highest bidder for cash Id
[ United states cold coin. No bid for less ban th«
I face value of said bonds and all interest accrue,
j on hem at the date of said sale will be considered.
- Each bid must be accomi anted by a certified
l check drawn to the order of said Treasurer for al
j least 5 percent of the par value of the bonds bid
1 for, which said check shall be forfeited to Marin
| County should such bid De accepted and the part*
j bidding fail to Complete the purchase of the bondl
i awarded to such party within five days from lb.
! date of such award.
The right is reserved to reject any or all bids.
THOMAS J. FALLON,
County Treasurer of Marin County.
San Rafael. Marin County, April 10, 1896.
mmam
$J &W PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY- DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
install forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Ms-
! eases. Over 20 y ears' experience. Book sent free.
i Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
[ Hours, 9to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30 evening*. Sundays,
! 10 to 12. Consultation free and sacredly confiden-
tial. ' Call, or address
bom-oi: _MH II MTV, Jr."D.,
261^ Kearny "'«•«-* San Franelkco, Cal.
oppression, niinrn ny
SUFFOCATION, ,? CURED BY
NEURALGIA, Etc., UU,JI - U ■»»
ESPIC'S CIOARKTTKS, OR POWDER,
Paris, J. ESPIC: New York, E. FOUGERA
& CO. Sold by all Druggists.
Weak Men and WomeD
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, TUB
great Mexican Remedy; gives Health »o-
_tr_u«._ to the bexual organ* ,
56
b^. 9____________£_____
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE.
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
/■•'•■ si""'l Snn4ny C.\_„,c_cwcefc, by carrier.. $0-15
.r»!;.v em" Bond-T Ca__, one year, by mall 6.00
Dally and Band*? C am. six months, by mall.. 3.00
_s»l!y -tirt Sunday Cam., three months by mall 1.50
Dally -nd Bandar Call, one month, by mall- .65
Encday Call, one year, by mall I- 60
*'-r__;_Y Call, one fear, by mall *•*''■
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Mark' street,
San Francisco, California.
f. -.phone j-ftla-186-
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
r.,>T>_-_e M_lb-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
BSO SJontptomery street, corner Clay: epen until
• ■30 o'clock.
539 Haven street; open an! II 9:30 o'clock.
71 Laritln street: open >— '•' 9:30 o'cloclc
SV. comer Sixteenth and Mission s:r*-U; ojj*n
entll 8 o'clock.
2518 "M las. on street: open until 9 o'clock.
. 118 KUtt_ street , open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Itc-ms 51 and 32, 34 Tar.; Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
MONDAY.. APRIL 13, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Republican primaries will be the
big 'thing this week.
As long as Bayard sticks to his office the
censure of Congress will stick to him.
Local interests are included in National
interests, but shouldn't be lost in them.
The time has come when the business of
every citizen includes an attention to poli
tics.
There can be no question that California
has plenty of timber fit for Cabinet pur- j
poses. ■
The only way to get into the political
procession at the start is to attend the j
primaries and vote right.
In the general desperation of their affairs
the Democrats of Illinois have begun to
talk of Altgeld as a possibility.
The charges against Secretary Morton
show how quickly garden seed can produce
"sass" under favorable conditions.
The attempt of the Democrats to get
the deficit tariff out of politics is like try
ing to pull a hole out of the ground.
>
If Barn could return to life there
might be some chance of starting a happy
family in the Democratic menagerie.
Rainey. Buckley and McNab all agree in
retiring from politics, hut each desires to
practice it by retiring the other two.
It is becoming evident that the only way
to make sure of seeing the best festival in
the State this spring is to see them all.
i'.c-fore we get through with this thing
we may have to endure an administration
convention as well as a Democratic con
vention.
_
When the average politician raises a
yawp loud enough to start an echo he
thinks he hears the voice of the people re
sponding to him.
Don't forget that all loyal Republicans
should attend the primaries on Wednesday
and assure the success of honest politics by
voting for honest men.
The California delegation to St. Louis
can hardly keep its eyes open for the inter
ests of the State if it goes it blind on the
Presidential nomination.
The talk of the Democratic nomination
for the Presidency is literally a case of idle
-•peculation. There is neither profit nor
business in it for anybody.
There has been no mention ud to date
of Paramount Blount or Minister Willis
as a possible administration candidate for
the Presidential nomination.
•
If Congress cannot pass at this session a
bill providing for a better tariff it might
at least succeed in re-enacting the reci
procity law, and the thing is worth trying.
Senator Quay's Presidential boom is not
making much noise, but his friends are
consoled by the thought that it has never
. been his habit to hunt ducks with a brass
band.
There are strong men urging both par
ties in Congress to agree upon an early
adjournment as a sort of non-partisan
movement likely to be agreeable to the
people.
As the new Congressional Library build
ing is expected to be completed within the
specified time and for less than the speci
fied cost it may as well be accounted a
miracle of American enterprise.
The Republican party is the greatest
home market and home industry organiza
tion in the country, and in the coming
campaign will have the support of all who
are interested in developing American re
sources.
If Senator Turpie was correct in saying
he has kept track of the raids of Spanish
troops on the eountrv stores of the eastern
part of Cuba he can confer a favor by pub
lishing his list and letting us see how the
score stands.
The Presidential contest of this year is
being virtually fought out now in the
struggle for the nomination at St. Louis.
What will happen after that will be little
more than a prolonged whoop-up ending
in a formal vote of ratification.
For the year ending March .'ll the postal
business of Chicago was. only $2000 less
than that of New York and it is scarcely
necessary to say the windy city is vowing
that during the current year she will sur
pan the metropolis if she has to use post
age stamps to burn dogs with.
The bill introduced by Hubbard of Mis
souri providing that corporations incorpo
rated under the laws of any State shall be
considered citizens of any State in which
they do business is a good one. The passage
of such a law would put an end to many
of the evils of the present system by which
corporations evade their obligations to tl-e
States in which they operate, and would
work no injustice to anybody.
People who wish to know why Cali
fornians regard the Southern i'aciGc Com
pany as an enemy of the State have only
to take notice of the way that company
under its present management is using
every energy to prevent the opening of a
free harbor at Los Angeles that would be a
benefit to the whole State. A corporation
that opposes the welfare of a community
is certainly a foe of its people.
LIGHT ON THE CANAL.
The address made to the House Commit- I
I tee on Commerce by Lieutenant A. G. i
| Menoeal of the United States Navy, chief
j engineer of the Nicaragua Canal Company,
throws a merciless light on the report of I
the United States Commission that re- 1
I cently investigated the canal. He shows
j that the commissioners, whom he accom- j
I panted in their work, took practically no *
' bearings or surveys, made a hasty and su
perficial inspection and considered only
the question of constructing a water high
: way as expensively as possible, and with-
J out regard to the relation of coat to the
i commercial requirements and returns of
j the enterprise.
j It is easily conceivable that however much
i more valuable the enormous expenditures
i recommended by the Government com-
I missioners might make the canal, they
i are not necessary at present. The canal
i company estimate of cost, about half
I that of the commissioners, was made on
j the basis of the least expenditure needed
I to establish a highway efficient to handle
the traffic and sure to yield a safe revenue
on the estimated volume of business.
There will be time to consider the expen
sive works recommended by the commis
sioners when the canal, originally con
structed as cheaply as possible, has demon
strated its usefulness and profit-earning
capacity. That is the invariable rule in
the construction of great transportation
lines. They are put through as cheaply as
possible and afterward improved from the
earnings. The splendid docks of Liverpool
were not constructed in advance of the de
velopment of traffic which jusiified their
cost.
It is greatly to the credit of the Nicara
gua Canal Company that it so strenuously
insists upon the sufficiency of its low esti
mate of cost, and that it so ably backs up
its figures with proof. Had it been moved
by any such motives as those inspiring
the scandals produced by the Credit Mo
bilier and the Contract and Finance Com
pany it would be clamoring for the im
mense subsidy suggested by the Govern
ment's agents Instead of an amount just
sufficient to put the canal in working
order. It is an evidence of good faith and
of an earnest desire to establish a great en
terprise on a sound, clean and economical
basis.
TUOLUMNE AWAKENED.
On another page of this issue The Call
gives an exhaustive account of the achieve- j
ments of one man in making known the
wealth and glories of California. The i
time when Sonora, the historic town of
Tuolumne County, fell from its high estate '■
as a great mining center and lost the bnsi- '
ness and life which had made it famous, is I
still fresh in the memory. That was after
the more easily accessible stores of gold
had been exhausted and before modern
enterprise and improved methods led to
further exploration of the abandoned
mines and to the discovery of fabulous
wealth concealed in their lower depths.
It was not until a remarkable man, Cap
tain W. A. Nevills, acquired the long-for- '
gotten old Rawhide mine and began the
development of its enormous wealth that
the old capital of Tuolumne roused from ,
its slumber and the fame of "old Tuol
umne" began to resound again. That was
only recently, but the names of the Raw
hide mine and of the developer of its
treasures are known throughout Christen- ;
dom.
It required uncommon intelligence as
well as daring and faith 10 make the heavy
expenditures required in sinking the mine
deeper and providing the splendid and
costly machinery for working it. Hence
the rich reward that Captain Nevills is
reaping is all the more gratifying and de
served. The history of these exploitations
reads like a romance. The di3covery of
ore running $34 55 a ton in a "worked-out"
mine sounds incredible to those who are
unacquainted with the possibilities of the
mother lode, and although the mine is
turning out a fortune every month the
main bodies of ore seem to be inexhaust
ible. Besides adding directly to the wealth
and fame of California by this manifesta
tion of his ability and success as a miner,
Captain Nevills has made all the mines of i
Tuolumne valuable and has set an exam
ple mat others are following.
As might have been expected of such a
man he has not found the Rawhide suffi
cient to absorb all his prodigious energy.
He has recently built an elegant hotel at !
Sonora— the Victoria and its graceful de- ;
sign and imposing size must seem strange
to the ghosts of past glories haunting the
streets of the ancient camp. Here modern
elegance, comfort and refinement stand \
shoulder to shoulder with memories of the :
rude conditions which Bret Harte has im- '
mortalized. The San Franciscan who goes !
thither to enjoy these luxuries while find- !
ing health and rest in the invigorating
mountain climate of the region will tread
ground richer in story and more eloquent
of the early history out of which Califor- \
nia's present greatness was born than can
be found anywhere else in the State. A
comfortable stage line from Milton to
Sonora, another of Captain Nevills' crea
tions, lends a pleasant variety to the trip.
More of such men as this are needed in
California. It is only by such exhibitions
of energy, intelligence and faith that the
treasures. of the State can be brought to
light and its fame made equal to its at
tractions. Such achievements as those of
Captain Nevills advance the happiness
and prosperity of every other Californian
and make public benefactors of their pro
moters. '- '■' •-.
A PLEASANT SCHEME.
Representative Richardson of Tennessee
is one of the foremost Democrats in the
country, and hence what he says about
the plans of his party is entitled to re
spectful attention. He is reported to have
said in an interview that a split in the
Chicago convention on the money ques
tion is inevitable, and that hence there
will be two Democratic nominees for Presi
dent. It is expected that the South and
West will be solid for silver members of
tbe electoral college, and that the North
will be equally unanimous for gold mem
bers. When these assemble they will
unite on a silver or a . gold President, as
the silver or the gold wing of the parly
develops the greater strength. Mean
while the opposing factions will have
worked together to secure control of the
House of Representatives, and thus be
prepared for any contingency -that may
arise from the necessity of the House to
elect a President. He argues that a com
promise on a straddling platform at Chi
cago would surely bring on the 5 defeat of
the par and that the * temporary split to
determine the majority will of the party
will not only offer the only hope of suc
cess in the end but will maintain a work
ing organization. v
The scheme is ingenious, as could be
imagined. Its great fault is the impossi
bility of a reunion after the split. The
Southern wing commands a certain re
spect from the North,' principally by
reason of the ability and shrewdness ot
the . Southerners participating in Na
tional affairs; but the central party
has not yet discovered the West. Its
leaders have not deigned to visit this
region, and Mr. Cleveland's" recent con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896.
temptuous remarks concerning it are too
significant' to be overlooked. Moreover,
the Cleveland wing of the party cannot
imagine the possibility of a surrender of its
gold-standard principles to the demands
of the South and West. The split is
irreconcilable.
All that aside, another cause for internal
dissension has presented itself— a strong
Democratic voice here and there is beard
clamoring for a protective tariff. While
protection and free silver might easily
fraternize in the .Republican party, such a
thing would be impossible with the Demo
crats. It is to be expected as a matter of
course that the Chicago convention will
pledge its "undying allegiance" to the
principles of free trade, while the Re
publican National Convention is just as
sure to reassert protection. There are no
free-trade Republicans, but protection
Democrats are becoming numerous. A
Republican platform combining free coin
age with protection would invite many
Democrats. ";7 ; 7 by-
The Chicago convention will have to
reckon with those Democrats who have
observed the disastrous operation of free
trade. The question of a money standard
is by no means the sole one. However
ingenious the scheme devised for splitting
the party in order to make it all the
stronger when reunited, it cannot be made
to cover the complexities growing out of
an impossibility to harmonize the mone
tary question with the tariff in the Demo
cratic ranks.
THE EA3TEBN MAKKET.
The California Fruit-Growers and Ship
pers' Association has at last agreed to sup
port the single-auction system in East
ern cities. The resolution embodying the
plan is this:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this commit
tee of conference that the directors of the Cali
fornia Fruit-Growers and Shippers' Association
be authorized to establish consolidated auc
tion salesrooms upon neutral ground in the
various Eastern cities, said salesrooms to be
made free to all buyers, auctioneers, receivers
and shippers of California fruits upon a fair
and equitable basis to all and subject to the
absolute control of the association.
That is to say, rival auction rooms are
abolished and any grower, shipper or
dealer may employ his own auctioneer in
the central agencies established, and the
service will be open and free to all. This
is a combination of excellent features, as
it takes the control of auctions out of the
hands of Eastern dealers and commission
men and retains it entirely in the hands of
interested parties in California. Under a
system so broad and fair it will be impos
sible for growers and dealers not in the as
sociation to secure any advantage from the
maintenance of rival sales and auction
rooms, but on the contrary the manifest
advantages which they will secure by avail
ing themselves of the new plan will in
duce them to unite with the association
and thus greatly advance the interests of
all concerned. However, growers should
not wait for a test in rivalry to develop ill
results. It is clearly their duty to them
selves to join the association at once.
Some interesting developments appeared
in the discussion of the resolution. It was
contended that the rival-auction plan of
New York was more favorable to the grow
ers than the single-auction plan at Chi
cago. This was met with the explanation
that only fancy fruits go to New York,
that they are bought only for city con
sumption by the wealthier classes, that
the amount paid wa3 of no consequence,
th"t New York is not a distributing point.
All this is clearly true, and if it is intel
ligently pursued it furnishes a key for
making New York as well as Chicago a
distributing point for staples, while in no
wise lessening the value of the New York
market as a local consumer of products
yielding the larger profits. As the single
auction plan is to be established in all the
leading Eastern cities, this being possible
under the measure adopted by the asso
ciation, the outlook for the fruit industry
of California is exceedingly bright. Gen
eral Chipman's prediction that this State
must come to be regarded as the orchard •
of the United States is now made easy of !
fulfillment. This could never have been
accomplished under the loose and com
petitive system heretofore in vogue.
COAST EXCHANGES.
Both the Republican and the Expositor of
Fresno published interesting accounts of
the successful test made on the Gth inst..
in transmitting electricity from the San
Joaquin River to Fresno. It was just a
year ago that the San Joaquin Electric
Light and Power Company began the con
struction of its immense electric system.
In two weeks the current will be travers
ing the wires of the city system and im
mediately afterward the "vineyard cir
cuit," furnishing light and power through
out the vineyard and orchard region, will
be in operation. A large capital is in
vested in the enterprise and the promoters
have every reason to believe that their in
vestment will yield a handsome return.
Next to the near advent of the Valley
road this will be the greatest factor in the
progress of Fresno County.
There are several communities in the
State which might read with profit
the following, from the Salinas Journal,
showing the activity resulting from favor-
able action on Claus Spreckels' suggestion
to experiment with the culture of sugar
beets: jJlaus Spreckels, John L. Koster
and W. C. Waters came over on the nar
row-gauge from Watsonville Wednesday
and finished up some contracts for well
borinzon the properties recently purchased
by the sugar king. We understand that
something like eignty-iive artesian wells
are to be bored and a like number of
houses erected for the tenants who will
cultivate the land next year to sugar beets.
The importance of the fruit industry in
a single section of California may be in
ferred from the following paragraph, pub
lished by the Gilroy Telegram: "Notwith
standing the short crop of last season,
there have been shipped from San Jose to
Eastern points since July 1, 1895, 43,745,590
pounds of dried fruits, of which 39.707,550
pounds were prunes. The total shipments
of green, canned and dried fruits since that
date amount to .74,571,430, of wine 7,125,
--365, and of garden seed 710,995 pounds."
Although the new railroads centering in
Stockton are rapidly transforming that
city into a place of conspicuous importance
the Independent thus announces another
important step: "The Navigation and Im
provement Company will, within s few
diys, send Its agent into the mountain
towns and counties for the purpose of
working up for Stockton a trade, which
can be handled from here with advantage
to Stockton and to the mountain mer
chants as well, y The freights •on the rail
road into the mountain sections are such
that merchandise can be teamed from
Stockton cheaper than Mt can be sent by
rail to Oakdale and teamed from there. In
fact all the business that was ever done be
tween this city and the southern mines by
freighting teams can be profitably renewed
and carried on." : b yb
That Porterville, Tulare County, is feel
ing the stimulus of its prosperity and rapid
growth is shown by an announcement in
the Enterprise to the effect that preliminary
steps have been taken there for the forma
tion of a telephone company. s ; The capital
stock has been placed at $2000, divided into
200 shares of the par value of $10 each. !
Lines will be run to White River, Wood- j
ville ana Tulare.
—
The Orange County Herald, published at
Santa Ana, announces that Anaheim, the :
"mother colony" of the 'county, has i
achieved signal success in the municipal I
ownership of its electric plant. The total i
investment was $7000, payable principal j
and interest in forty annual payments, j
The monthly charges are as follows :
• 9:00 Circuit. 12:00 Circuit.
Lights. 16 cp. 32 cp. 60 c p. 16 cp. 32 op. ,50 cp. j
Ito 2... 585 fl 45 $2 05 $105 8190 $300 ',
• "to 6.... 80 140 195 100 185 295
6to 15... 75 135 190 95 180 2 85,
All other sized lights in proportion.
Installing incandescent lights $1 each.
Arc lights to "9 p. __"■ 2000 candle-power,
$7 50 per month. ; \'.-~.
Arc lights to 12 p. m., 2000 candle-power, 1
$9 per month. * ,? ~ ■ •. -
Arc lights installed free of charge and
remain city property. "> .• , .
Meter rates, commercial, 22V_ cents per
1000 wats; meter rates, residences, 15 cents
per 1000 wats. The meters also are in
stalled free of charge and remain city
property.
The Oroville Mercury calls attention to
the excellence and variety of Butte Coun- J
ty's products by mating extracts from the I
report of J. A. Filcher, the California
Commissioner to the Atlanta Exposition, I
of the prizes won by California products
exhibi ted there. Butte County won prizes
for the following: General Bid well's grains,
Thermalito olive oil, W. P. Hooper's navel
oranges and Hearst's lemons. This shows j
a prolific soil and intelligent cultivation,
as well as a semi-tropical climate.
The great borax mines of California are
threatened with rivalry by the discovery of
a rich deposit in Utah. The discovery was
made by G. F. Holladay and is announced
by the Salt Lake Tribune. Its location is
kept secret. " yV--t -
The Riverside Enterprise says that
Electrical Engineer • Sharpe, who has
charge of the construction of the new city
lighting system, announces that the sys
tem will be in full running order by win
ter.
The Chino Cliampion describes the rapid
progress of work on the Puente Oil Com
pany's refinery, and adds: "The refining
operations are just getting down to a
steady routine, it taking some time to get
everything to working harmoniously.
Water- white illuminating oil was placed
on the market for the first time on
Wednesday."
The Stockton Mail gives further particu
lars of the electric plant being installed by
the Blue Lake Water Company: "The
electric plant will be established at a place
known as Tripp's mill, just below Moke
lumne Hill. A pipe about 3000 feet In
length and having in that distance a fall
of 1043 feet will convey the water from the
high level above to the bottom of the
canyon, where the electric machinery is
stationed. It has been estimated that with
the fall mentioned ' and the quantity of
water available, a horse-power of 20,000
could be developed; but at present the
machinery which is to be put in will con
vert into electric energy only about 6000
horse-power. In setting up this plant and
establishing power wires to Stockton and
other places, $500,000 will be spent; that
sum has been appropriated lor this part of
the enterprise. The wire line to Stockton
will furnish power for mills and factories
and will also operate an electric railroad,
the building of which is one of the most !
important projects of the company."
The Orange County Herald (Santa Ana)
has entered its nineteenth year, saying:
"To-day we behold what in our boyhood
days we deemed impossibilities. The
population of city and valley has increased
beyond early expectations and there is
now a wealth of resources apparent
throughout the county that explains the
coming of so many new residents."
The Morgan Hill (Santa Clara County)
Sun has just completed its second year,
and it has a surprising amount of energy
and wisdom for its age.
The Delano Courier has widened its
wings to eight pages and is soaring proudly.
N. A. Morford of the Phoenix Herald
deserves all the congratulations he is re
ceiving for becoming president of the
Arizona .fress Association.
If Monrovia does not grant the desire of
Editor Harvey of the Messenger to be City
Clerk it will show lack of appreciation.
The importance of Selma is realized
when it is reflected that the Daily Irrigator
has entered upon its ninth volume and
promises more.
The Plaindealer is a large and handsome
new paper published at Alturas.
The Colton News has published a com
prehensive special edition celebrating the
Farmers' Institute there. -yJyy
PERSONAL.
W. C. Lloyd, a business man of Reno, is at the
Cosmopolitan.
, Fred Morrish of Grass Valley is staying at the
Cosmopolitan.
Silas Carle, a Sacramento contractor, is at
the Lick House.
E. Keil, a capitalist of Sonora, is a guest at
the Cosmopolitan.
H. Roseburg, a merchant of Philadelphia, is
at the Occidental. .7
Ernest Crutcher, a merchant of Great Falls,
Mont., is at the Lick.
A. R. Denlke of San Jose is spending a few
days at the California. . * _"'•..!• "-"7
N. Wines, proprietor of a stage line at Santa
Barbara, is at the Grand.
Dr. A. T. Hudson, a pioneer and scientist of
Stockton, Is visiting this City.
C. E. Bay lis, a building contractor of Astoria,
is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
M. Dinkelspiel, merchant at Birds Landing,
is visiting friends in this City.
Rev. J. L. Stewart, a missionary from Hang
chow, China, is at the Occidental.
George B. Noble, a raisin broker and packer
of Fresno, is visiting this City on business.
7J. W. Canty, a wealthy farmer of Grayson,
arrived yesterday and is quartered at the Bald
win. " i " "y *■"-.' .;
Sheriff S. B. Ballou of j San Luis Obispo is
here on a vacation. He is stopping at the
Grand. I *• _
If. J. Branstetter, .superintendent of the
Dunsmuir and Nanaimo coal mines, is stopping
at the Russ. *. ?
• Richard Mansfield and wife arrived from the
East yesterday and took apartments at the
Palace Hotel. , bb v
A. N. Butts, a prominent mining man of
Angels. Camp, Is here on business. He Is at
the Occidental. ' - *' .'7"'*~
W. D. Keyscr of Pleta, owner of the {stage
line from Coulterville to the. Geysers, is stop
ping at the Russ. y 7'7'b y e -.,\ -y 7
7A. J. Brooks, manager of the North _Btar
mine, Cave City, Calaveras County, has come
to town on business: connected with the mine.
■J. J. Hostetter, ■ a prominent miller of Ne
braska City, Nebr., is here with his wife on his
annual visit to California. They are at the
Russ.'y... ' ' '
Ex-District Attorney W. D. Tupper and O. J.
Woodward, the leading banker of Fresno, came
up from the plains yesterday and will be at the
Lick for two or three days. 77T77--
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
- Philip Starr, a San Francisco pioneer who ;
left here In the very early times to be gone two ;
months, has returned after an absence of forty '
years.'.. 7^7
Mr. Starr, felt something like Rip Van !
Winkle after , his , experiences in the Adlron- !
dacks, as Dortrayed by Joe Jefferson.
He had been where he never saw a railway ;
car— in fact he had never seen one, as his [
youthful home w had been in a region un
touched and untrammeled by any railroad.
He had never seen a telephone and didn't
know what it meant to have "hello" said to
him. Many and many another thing wa_ as
Greek to him— in fact, the inventions of four
decades were all mysteries to him, if only by
seeing Is believing. ;.y ... Yylyiy.
When he left he was a buoyant youth, with
scarcely the down upon his lip, and when he i
Philip Starr, Now at the Commercial, Who Went Away to Be Gone Two Months
and Stayed Forty Years.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
returned it was as a white-bearded and white
haired veteran, who walked with measured
steps and thought often before he did any
thing. The strange story of Mr. Starr's long
absence sounds like a romance.
"I left here for the new mines of Cassiar,
B. C, when I set out to be gone two months,"
he said at the Commercial to a Call represen
tative. "I got* to digging gold there, and
when the excitement broke out at Cariboo I
went there, too, and continued to mine for
gold. .b-bb'bb"'
"One thing led to another and I remained in
British Columbia for several years, never once
getting down to San Francisco. My experi
ences at acquiring wealth were many. I had
formerly mined in Tuolumne, Calaveras and
Mariposa counties, ana I had expected, when
I arrived in California as an argonaut from
Michigan, that I would make a fortune in a
year or two and then go back. I had much the
same idea, only I expected to make the fortune
quicker when I went to British Columbia.
"But such fortunes as I made did not stay by
me. The years went by and still I was seeking
gold. In 1874 I went on north to Alaska, min
ing at different places. Ten years later I set
tled at Juneau, and that is my home now.
Though I went away from here to be gone two
months and stayed all those long years the
time haspassed rapidly. You get to work and
are busy, you know, and you don't notice the
time." :7-.7 7
The oldC'alifornian made a considerable sum
at last. He owns the valuable Star of the East
mine on Douglas Island, with several other
properties of lesser importance. He also owns
much property in Juneau, including many
houses, from which he collects rents regularly.
He will remain here till late in the spring,
when he will return to Alaska.
A CAT IN A POWDER MAGAZINE.
Tnere Is a large white cat at the Presidio that
The Cat That Lives in a Magazine at
the Presidio.
[From a sketch.]
refuses to make her home anywhere but in one
of the small mortar magazines. She has Been
living there for nearly two years and has
dodged all attempts to kill her.
.Pussy has some reason of her; own for living
there, and also a private entrance to the place.
No matter when the magazine is opened she is
sure to jump out and run for the nearest clump
of trees.where she will remain in hiding. - How
she gets back to her strange abiding place is a
mystery, as a careful : search has failed to re
veal any hole large enough for her to pass
through. But, of course, there must be one,
and it could be found if anybody dared make
an examination with a light. -.
About a year ago a litter of kittens almost
grew to maturity in the magazine, but were
not taught how to get out. As a consequence
they met a speedy death when they were
found. Pussy was not discouraged, however,
for in a few months another litter arrived, but
were found when very young and sent to join
their brothers and sisters.": It frequently hap
pens that the magazine will not be opened for
weeks, but when it is the men are always on
the lookout for the white cat." A number of
them stand near the entrance with clubs and
strike at her. But the cat always watches her
chance and manages to escape." She has also
been successful in refusing to have anything
to do with traps or poison that have been set
for her. " ■ .
There is considerable danger in the cat liv
ing in the magazine, as she might upset some
of the shells or chunks of dynamite and blow
up everything in the neighborhood. It would
be easy enough to shoot her, but that would
also cause an explosion that might cause the
loss of many lives. But that seems to be the
only sure way of getting rid of the cat.
IN THE POLITICAL SW.M.
Mr. Cleveland may run again, but if the
measurements reported by his tailor are correct
it is not probable.— Tribune.
The St. Louis convention will not meet for
over two months yet, and until, that body as
sembles all attempts to name the next occu
pant of the White House are pure guess work.—
New York Commercial Advertiser.
The builders of the McKinley column are
putting a good many Southern delegates in It.
This is dangerous architecture.— Cincinnati
Enquirer. .._ . ; ". , . 77.;7b"
It neither increases nor lessens Harrison's fu
ture dark horse possibilities that for the pres
ent he's going in double harness.—Philadel
phia Times. 7"b" 7 :
Secretary Carlisle's refusal to stand as the
administration candidate for President prac
tically leaves the Democracy without a willing
sacrifice.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
When the Carlisle and Boies forces meet at
Chicago there will either be a compromise in
the platform or a bolt. In either case the Dem
ocratic party cannot win.— Wichita Eagle.
Whoever the nominee of the St. Louis con
vention may be he will be inaugurated as Pres
ident of the United States to succeed Grover
Cleveland, released.— Wheeling Intelligencer.
Here is another Suggestion for the Democ
racy: lor President, David B. Hill of New
York. Platform: "lama Democrat. All oth
ers are imitations."— York Mail and Ex
press.
j The prospects for Mr. Allison's nomination
at St. Louis are particularly bright, in spite of
the louder and more belligerent campaigning
done by other candidates.— Fallbrook Ob
server.
Some people seem to have an idea that be
cause the Democrats are licked In advance this
is a good year for Republicans to administer a
i tew thumps to each other. It's a bad idea.—
Goshen Times.
j The McKinley papers which are trying to
J pick out a man for Vice-President ought to
leave something to the St. Louis convention.
j It will be entirely safe in the hands of the con
! vention. — Register.
Who can doubt that the Republicans of Rhode
i Island have sounded a keynote to which the
rest of the country will respond at the fall elec
tions? Such a victory cannot be explained
away or dismissed as of no account.— New York
Tribune.
William R. Morrison, it is stated, confines
himself to two drinks of whisky a day. Any
man who has been in Washington for more
than twenty years and yet so limits himself de
serves the best gift in the hands of the people.—
St. Louis Republic.
A CHARMING EVENING WAIST.
A simple evening or dinner waist that may
be made at home has an attraction for all
women. The one shown here is very easily
made, as the back view shows, giving as it
does only the outlines. The trimming is the
Important part of this little waist. As illus
trated the waist is of white satin ; over the
body is laid, both back and front, accordion
pleated black chiffon, which is allowed to
droop over in front on the right side, the
selvedge being taken for the top. Black vel
vet ribbons, with black tips and steel passe
menterie form the trimming.:: y . . -
j" A waist of fancy silk .in blue I and pink may
be charmingly trimmed by using either blue
or pink chiffon in ruffles for the neck and
sleeves, and over this placing across the back
and front at intervals of four inches sabk
tails. ' . -, ,
Another stylish waist to wear with a black
skirt is of bright plaid, with sleeves of black
satin. A ruffle of, black chiffon trims the
neck, and biack jet outlines the double box
pleat in the front. '
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Car Conductor's Pay— J. R., Alameda, Cal.
In San Francisco streetcar conductors are paid
by the trip— cents.
Primary Colors— E. 8., City. Popularly
the primary colors are red, blue and yellow,
but according to recent scientific investiga
tion they are red, green and violet.
Ship and Island— P., Oakland, Cal. No
one has a right in time of. peace to visit a war
vessel in the harbor without permission of the
proper authorities. Neither can any one land
on either Alcatraz or Angel Island in time of
peace without authority. .
General La Grange— G. H. and G. A. D,
City. General Oscar H. La Grange, at one time
superintendent of the United States Mint in
this City, is still alive and at this time presi
dent of the Commissioners of the Fire De
partment of the city of New York, having
been appointed to that position by Mayor
Strong in the month of June, 1895.
''yY-yyyyY' ."■"■ i ' '-."•
Farmers' Paper— X., Benicia, Cal. Any first
class dealer in books can provide for yon
"good books on poultry-raising and on garden
ing." This department has not the space to
publish "the addresses of newspapers that are
published in the interest of farmers and agri
culture In general," as there are forty-live
States in the Union and each nas a number of
such journals. If you will name what par
ticular section you wish to know about we
will furnish the Information.
Civil Service Commissioners— T. D. C,
Forbestown, Butte County, and M. X., City.
The following named compose the several
boards of civil service examiners in this City:
Postofflce— J. W. Erwfn, Frank Griffin, G. W.
Karpe, W. A. Cooper and W. L. Stowell. The
next examination will be for clerks and car
riers and will be held in August. Application!
must De in by July 6. Custom-house— The
board is composed of J. Hollywood, Samuel
Haskins, E. A. Holmes, C. A. Reynolds and R.
J. Bush. The next examination will be held
in the Lowell High School on the 17th of the
current month. Internal Revenue Depart
ment—The board is composed of B. M. Thomas,
F. A. Fletcher and T. J. Wramplemeir. The
next examination will be held in September.
The examination of applicants is in orthog
raphy, penmanship, . copying, arithmetic
(fundamental rules), fractions and percentage,
interest and discount, elements of bookkeep
ing and accounts, element- of the English
language, letter writing and the proper con
struction of sentences. Further Information
may be obtained by application at the Custom
house, Postoffice and Internal Revenue Office.
Long-Distance Cast— A. F. C, City. Henry
Skinner of this City, looked upon as one of
the men best posted in the art of long-dis
tance casting, says to those who.wish to prac-
I tice:
Stand erect. Place the arm holding the rod in
line with the body, from the shoulaer to the el
bow, and always keep it in this position. With the
disengaged hand draw from the reel several yards
of line. With the wrist movement bring the roa
sharply but gently to a perpendicular; then with
the same momentum sway the rod forward, mov
ing It not more than ten degrees. Kepeat this sev
eral times, till the line you have unreeled is
all in the air. Continue this several minutes,
or until your judgment indicates you can drop the
riles on the water at any point, but do not let them
touch the water yet. Now unreel two v arils more
of the line, continue the practice a few minutes
longer and make a cast calculated to put the flies
to a selected spot. To do this properly you must
aim three to Aye feet above the spot you desire the
flies to alight, and let the flies descend as if they
had been blown from the bank or bushes by a
gentle breeze. The tip of the rod should never go
lower than on a level with the hand In making the
forward cast. In the back cast the butt of the rod
must not under any circnm stances go beyond a
perpendicular. It is admissible for the momentum
of the line to sway the tip slightly beyond this
point in some instances, but not advisable, as it
tends to the habit of bringing the flies below a
level with the top of the rod, and frequently allows
them to touch the ground. In a perfect back cast
the line and leader, or casting line, should
straighten at an angle of 46 degrees from the top
of the rod. • In practice keep out as much line as
you can handle perfectly, but not more: it only
annoys and dues not help you. Long-distance
casting ls.desirable. You may not need, it often in
actual fishing, but it Improves your short-distance
work. To demonstrate, when you first succeed in
casting fifty feet shorten your line to thirty-live
feet and note how much more delicately and
accurately you cast it than you ever did before.
A Nice present for Eastern friends—
scud's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market st. •
= 7- ='-'■;- — •—
---fecial Information daily to manufacture:*,
business houses and public men by the Pra.i
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
♦ _> — •
Waiter (to guest, who is absorbed in the .
menu)— do you wish to eat, please ?
Absent-minded Professor— l haven't time to
talk now. Ask me after dinner.— Tid-Bits.
Strong muscles, steady nerves, good appetite,
result from blood made pure by Hood's Sarsapa
rilla. This Is proved by what thousands say about
Hood's. It is the ideal spring medicine.
m — •
Northern Pacific Weekly Overland Ex
cursions leave San Francisco and Sacramento
every Tuesday evening. Take the Northern Pa
cific to all points East. Lowest rates to Minne
sota and Dakota points. Upholstered tourist-cars,
Pullman palace and dining cars on all trains. Two
fast through trains daily; time to Chicago short
ened six hours. For tickets and Information call
on T. K. Stateler, 638 Market street, San Francisco.
— - ♦
"Mrs. "Wins low's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and a_lc
for Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 250 a, bottle.
• ♦ — •
Co_oxa_o.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60: longer stay 82 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st, San Francisco.
" » o—m0 — m
Mother— And are you sure that he loves yon T
Daughter— course I am! Can't I see how
he stares at me whenever I am not looking at
him?— Fliegende Blatter.
NEW TO-DAY.
IT'S
VERY
NICE.
WE I'P^'E ■■,■
A PACKAGE OF CREAM CHOCOLATE
WITH OUR
MONEY-SAVING •
TEAS, COFFEES, SPICES!
COLIMA BAKING POWDER.
Our 50c Teas Cost 75c Elsewhere.
Our 35c Teas Cost 50c Elsewhere.
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN AWAY.
Great American Importin*! Tea Co.
>7-y'-*-:7y 7; 1344 Market St., S. F. '
' *___**___> 96s Market St., S. F.
d_________n__r ,4 ° sixth st., s. F.
!_■-*-*_-***_***■****" 017 Kearny St., 5. P.
j____r" 1 " 1419 Polk st., S. F.
521 Montgomery aye.,' S. P.
uniiru 333 Hayes St., .>. p.
muNEY" ,46 Ninth st -' s. p.
muiiki 218 Third st 5. F.
t\ Al/l.tn 2008 Fi'lmore St., S. P. •'.
SAVINu 25 »° Mission St.. 5. F.
*"■■■", 3006 Sixteenth st 5. P.
f-TODCC . ,04 Second st., S. F.
S I UnkO . 3259 Mission st., S. P.
52 Market at., S. F.
___r>''^s«£"_i 917 Broadway, Oakland.
£________> 1053 Washington St., Oak'd.
________ Br 7 131 San Pablo aye., Oakl'd.
■»■ 616 E. Twelfth st-, Oakland.
1355 Park st., Alameda.
inPORTINQ FOR AND OPERATING
100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SAVE YOU MONEY.
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY;
NO SPECIAL DAY.____-*__:•'___ a-»*^aitt-»nt
*^^i^^&___Ml^S^s^r
MnNHAY. APRIL 13, 1896
■ — i
AMUSEMENTS.
BaldtvN- Theater.— "Beau Brummell."
California I*_.___t_-_— "The K*_rb< clerk."
(< nana "I'lidd'nliea- Wilson."
JVorofco's OrKRA-HoiißK— -Michael Strogoff."
I mm Oikra-Hovsk- -Blue Bear
CKrn-i-M.-lTjgh-Clnss Vaudeville.
Gaol KB'a AicA7AR.--Cad the Tomboy."
.J? rTn ?A : ° XKY Island— Grand Athletic inhibi-
lion and Concert.
-•hoot the CHtTFs-nailv at Halghi street,
«i I Hock east of the Bark.
1 -otic Coast Jockey Club.— Ba:es to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By George F. I.ams.in -Tils day. April 13.
Furniture, at 2517 California .at 11 o'clock.
By *. B_BCK— This day, April 13. chinaware,
etc., at 319 Suiter si., nt 10:30 o'clock.
By Easton «V Kldridge.— "Wednesday, April
15. Oil Paintings, in Maple Hall a- 13 noon.
Baldwin _) Hammond.— Thursday. April 16,
1 '■> :>: Estate, at salesrooms, 10 Montgomery street,
Bt 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Latter Day Saints held their semi-annual
conference at Pythian Castle.
A new Socialist Singing Section was formed
at Turk-street Temple yesterday.
About 5000 people attended the opening of
the El Campo pleasure grounds yesterday.
Miss Susan B. Anthony gave an address at
tin Second Unitarian Church last evening.
Yesterday was the last day of the California
Etate Sportsmen's Association's tournament.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association gave
& successful picnic at Schuetzen Tark yester
day.
The Empire Gun Club held its semi-monthiv
contest on bluerocks at Alameda Point yester
day.
R. Linehan and J. Rogers defeated J. J.
Feeney and Terry ■ McManus, 17—21,19—21,
21— 19,21—17,21 15.
The body of an unknown man was found
about half a nails from Strawberry Hill, off the
South ark drive, yesterday.
Proposals for ling in a large space of the
Presidio marsh will be received this week by
Colonel A. S. Kimball, U. 8. A.
F. O. Young of the Colombia Pistol and Rifle
Club has made a success of full charges of
nitro-powder in his target rifle.
Rev. Dr. Yorke delivered a lecture at Scot
tish Hall last evening on "Mistakes of The
ology In the Light of Liberalism."
The Bay City Wheelmen won the great 100
--mile relay race around the bay yesterday in 4
hours, 56 minutes and 12 seconds.
The splendid riding of C. S. Wells and Emil
Clbrieht won the great relay race for the Bay
City Club yesterday in clever style.
The Bay Conference will meet at Berkeley
to-morrow. It is expected that the Brown
scandal will be fully gone over again.
Morrison I. Swift of Berkeley predicts a
broad Socialistic party provided Socialists will
cease abusing and begin demonstrating.
Chauncey Parke addressed the good citizen
ship meeting yesterday morning at Metropoli
tan Temple on '-Antagonisms of Civiliza
tion."
Amateur Champion Donnellv and T. F. Bon
net defeated Coast Champion Harlow and J.
Riordan at the Pan Francisco Handball Court
yesterday.
A circular has been issued to the members of
the abandoned Irish-American branch of so
cialists asking that they join forces with Lib
erty Branch.
The cricket season opened yesterday with a
"Ground vs. Ground" match at Golden Gate
which resulted in a victory for the Alameda
Ground team.
Mrs. George Q. Cannon, wife of one of the
first presidency of the Mormon Church and
mother of United States Senator Frank J. Can
non, is in the City.
Richard Mansfield, the famous actor, ar
rived a this City yesterday. Although greatly
indisposed, he expressed interest in the sub
ject of poetry on the stage.
Several plications to command the battle-
Ehip Oregon have beep received by the Secre
tary of the Navy. Commander Allen V. Reed
may get the coveted position.
The great-great-great-grandson of Daniel De
loe, the Famous novelist, arrived in this port
last Tuesday. He is an apprentice boy aboard
of the British ship Bass Rock.
J. ML Burg, one of the keepers at Agnews In
sane Asylum, and Frank L. Pilfer, an inmate
on a visit to the City, got drunk together on the
Barbarv Const Saturday night and Fiffer was
arrested.
The Olympic Club will make some inquiries
on its own account to forestall any unfavora
ble action of the Amateur Athletic Union in the
East resulting from recent investigations on
this coast.
William Sanborn, a burglar, while attempt
ing to ( titer a house on Pine and Jones streets
at an early hour yesterday morning, fell from
the roof of an alleyway a distance of thirty
feet and was painfully injured.
John Box, an employe at Hendv's iron works
on Kearny street, near Bay, had his right leg
broken yesterday afternoon by a large piece of
iron railing falling on it. He" was taken to the
Receiving Hospital in the ambulance.
Mayor Sutra has a pet monkey which is at
tracting considerable attention about the
heights. It has adopted a little sick kitten,
and the attendants are compelled to force the
cat from the monkey's arms in order to feed
either.
George J. Jones, a young man who hails from
LosGatos, in a fit of wantonness yesterday
afternoon, while riding on one of the'Parkand
ocean cars coming from the beach, kicked a
lady who was waiting for the train to pass.
The woman fell and the train continued on its
course. Later she could not be found and Jones
was not arrested.
DIED IN. THE PARK.
Body of an Unknown Man Found in the
People's Pleasure Resort.
The body of an unknown man was found
about half a mile from Strawberry Hill,
off the South Park drive, yesterday. From
outward appearances death occurred fully
a month ago.
The man wore a blue cutaway coat, un
derneath which was a brown woolen
-ackcoat. Gray woolen trousers tied
around the ankles, after the fashion of
those given to bicycling, completed his
attire. Two pair of spectacles bought from
Montgomery, Ward & Co. of Chicago, a
pocketbooK containing a nickel and three
coppers and a pistol of the American bull
dog style were the only articles found.
Every barrell of the pistol was loaded,
proving in a way that the man had not
shot himself.
The body was removed to the Morgue,
where a further examination was made,
but nothing was revealed which would in
any way establish the identity of the dead
man except, possibly, tbe sole of the right
shoe, where a lot of brass tacks had been
driven, forming a perfect horseshoe. It is
thought by the Morgue officials that the
man was a stranger, probably a traveling
salesman, and that he hired a bicycle with
tbe view of taking in all the beauties of
Golden Gate Parte. Feeling faint he dis
mounted, and walking to the snot where
his body was found, was stricken with
heart trouble, or probably apoplexy.
NEW TO-DAT.
I COMFORTINGi
■ For Tired, Aching, Irritated Feet is a fl
4 *CUTICURA SOAP I
M and a gentle anointing with CUTI. _H
m\ CURA (ointment), the great skin cure. jBB
Hn Tlilf trtatment allays UcWn^and lrrl-JHH
Wh latlon, soothes Inflammation ***dflj
Rft painful swolllnjrsof the joints, snft-B___a
gßft ens hard, roughened skin, and purl- Wißl
IQAfold throughout the wortd. Potter fl|
_3Kfl_. °* t0 a Cam. Coar., ProjM., Bo.ton.t_B
TOO DRUNK TO "BURGLE"
William Sanborn Falls a Dis
tance of About Thirty
Feet.
TOO MUCH GIN THE CAUSE.
The Noise of the Fa 1 ! Caused Con
sterna ion in Mrs. M. E. Brown's
Eoarding-House.
William Sanborn, a dive performer, well
known to the police, had a thrilling experi
ence at an early hour yesterday morning
and caused the wildest consternation
among the inmates of Mrs. M. E. Brown's
fashionable boarding-house, 1034 Pine
street.
Shortly before 2 o'clock Attorney Edward
P. Smith, one of the boarders, was wak
ened by a peculiar noise on the roof of the
house. He listened, thinking it was a cat
prowling about, but became convinced it
proceeded from some other cause. He
jumped out of bed and on peering out of
the window he saw an object on top of the
glass covering over the alley between Mrs'
Brown's house and the house of A. Web
ster, 1004 Jones street.
While Smith stared at the object it sud
denly disappeared and he was startled out
of his wits by a most terrific noise in the
rear of the house from crashing bottles
and breaking tin cans that could have
been heard blocks away.
Every inmate of the house was awak
ened by the fearful noise, and for a time
pandemonium reigned. Women shrieked
with terror and men's faces turned pale.
Smith grabbed his revolver and rushed
downstairs and out into the cola night air.
He saw a man lying, on top of the icehouse
in the yard and he promptly notified Po
liceman E. K. Wall. The officer rang for
the patrol wagon, and as the man ap
peared to be considerably under the influ
ence of liquor he told Policeman McGrath,
who accompanied the wagon, to enter a
charge of "drunk" against the man.
At the City Prison the man gave the
name of William Sanfora, 533 Howard
street, but Sergeant Bidwill recognized
him as William Sanborn, who had "done
time for petty larceny and receiving
stolen property and had also been arrested
for burglary.
Sanborn was bleeding from a cut on the
chin, but as he did not complain of feeling
any pain he was locked up in the "drunk"
cell. About 9 o'clock he complained of j
pains all over his body and he was sent to j
the Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that he had a lacerated wound of the chin,
a contusion of the left knee and chest and
a sprain of the right hip.
When daylight broke the inmates of the
Brown boarding-house found that there i
had been an attempt at burglary and the !
police were so notified. Detective J. A. |
Fitzgerald was detailed on the case and on !
making an investigation he was satisfied
that Sanborn had been at his old tricks.
Sanborn had climbed up the lattice work
in front of the alleyway between the Web- I
ster and Brown houses till he was able' to ■
stand on top of the door, about twelve feet
from the ground. The glass covering the
alleyway gradually ascends, till at the end
it is about thirty feet from the ground.
Sanoorn had crawled up the side of the
alley till he reached the end of the glass
covering, as the marks showed.
It is then supposed that he reached out
to open a window in Webster's house, and
in his drunken state he^overbalanced him
self and fell. In falling he struck against
Mrs. Brown's fence, knocking a hole in it,
and rebounded, landing on the loose :
planks on the top of the icehouse, which
was tilled with empty bottles and tin cans.
Mr. Webster's house was entered re
cently and an overcoat and umbrella were
stolen, which leads the police to believe
that it was his house that Sanborn was
trying to enter. Sanborn is believed to
have had a companion, as a tall young
man had been noticed prowling around
the corner for two or three nights. Fitz
gerald has a good description of him and
expects to capture him.
Sanborn said he had been in the Eureka
Music Hall and afterward went to China
town, where he drank too much Chinese
gin. He explained his presence at Mrs.
Brown's by saying that he was "mashed"
on one of the servant girls and wanted to
see her. All the servant girls had a look
at him, and they all said they had never
seen him before. Sanborn will be de
tained pending a full investigation.
His mother came into notoriety about
three years aeo when she was arrested for
being the "fence" of three Russians who
robbed numerous stores in the country
and are now doing time in San Quentin.
She turned Stale's evidence against them
and escaped prosecution.
FOR THEATER-GOERS.
The Attractions That Will Be Offered at
the Different Places of Amuse
ment To-Night.
Richard Mansfield is to appear this even
ing at the Baldwin in the play entitled
"Beau Brummel." He will be supported
by the Garriek Theater Stock Company,
made up of well-known artists.
At the California ''The Night Clerk," a
catchy production, will be continued by
Peter F. Daily and his company. The pro
duction is an amusing one, and theater
goers love to be amused.
The story that Mark Twain wrote, and
which Frank Mayo dramatized, is on the
bill for this evening at the Columbia The
ater, it having been decided that its re
ception last week warrants its being con
tinued. ,
The management of the Grand Opera
house will this evening offer the well
known drama "Michael Strogoff," illus
trative of Siberian liie. Miss Lisle Leigh
will appear in the cast.
"Bluebeard" in its new dress is on at the
Tivoli for this evening, it having* been so
well received last week, that the manage
ment has decided to let it run another
week.
That popular play "Cad the Tomboy"
will *be on the boards at the Alcazar this
evening s with Leonard Grover Jr. in the
i character of the gas man, Thomas Ward
in which character he has been very suc
cessful. 77^7- • - " \
The Orpheum Music Hall will present- a
number of new specialties to-night, includ
ing the wonderful dancing by Miss Rosie
Rendel, trie Hewetts, musical sketch art
ists, and Lady Zetta, a mind reader.
Lost Two Fingers.
Julius Fenton, 737 Clementina street, was
out at the ocean i beach shooting < yesterday,
when bit gun accidentally exploded. He came
to the Receiving Hospital and Dr. Bunnell am
putated the second. linger of his right hand
and the little linger of his left hand. . Three of
the other fingers of his right hand were lacer
ated. •■•- ..... .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896,
Drawings Exhibited by Public School Children in Superintendent Babcock's
Office. The Upper One Is the Work of Alice Uagarty and the Lower One of
Bertha Vorrath,
POETRY ON THE STAGE
Richard Mansfield Expresses
Himself on His Pet
Subject.
He Thinks Theaters Shcu'd Be In
structive and Elevating Instead
of Mere Specu ations.
Richard Mansfield, the famous actor, ar
rived in this city yesterday morning and
■ took up nis quarters at the Palace Hotel.
He was quite fatigued by the long journey
over the mountains, but not too indis
posed to talk a bit on tde theme that in
terests Mm most now — that of poetry on
1 the stage.
No actor living to-day is more inter
: ested in his work than Richard Mansfield,
; and he says he feels it a great honor to be
able to impersonate the characters of his
j tory or romance so as to make his audience
feei every shade of passion. Although of
English birth, Mr. Mansfield thinks that
; there is just as good talent in America as
' any part of the world, and that the reason
it is not developed is because it is not suf
i ficiently encouraged.
In speaking of the stage he can say
some strong things — that ought
surely be profitable to all theater-goers.
"What we want," said Mr. Mansfield,
"is poetry upon the stage. Poetry ! The
stage is for poetry. It is not for mer
chants and mechanics and penny-a
liners. It is for poetry. Neither
! for rot, nor for drivel, nor for filth/
nor for tanks of water, nor for ancient
dames in tights, nor for cheap sentiment,
j nor for catchpennies, but for poetry.
"And this is- not incomprehensible
1 either, for the 'Morte d'Arthur' and all
; the tales of the Round Table are poetry,
I and 'Hiawatha' and a thousand Indian
legends there are that are poetry ; and so
is 'Lncile' of poor dead Meredith."
In speaking of the moral side of the
stage, Mr. Mansfield said : The stage
should not be for temptation, for the de
liverance from which we pray in the morn
ing and which We court in the evening; it
should not be for the idiotic laugh and the
imbecile applause; it is not for the drunk
ard and the wanton ; it Is not to be shrieked
at to-day and to be ashamed of to-morrow ;
it is not for gymnastics; it is for the gra
cious, the graceful, the thoughtful and the
gentle ; it is to send us home with better
thoughts and better feelings, with a lesson
learned by example and with food for
Richard Mansfield, the Famous Actor,
Who Arrived Here Yesterday.
I pleasant reflection. It is for wholesome
: mirth, or for such stirring tragedy as will
fire us to nobler deeds, or for such potent
, example as will sicken us of evil doing.
: This is the stage as I understand it and as
i I would strive for it.
"Let the managers have their theaters
: and the actors theirs and the rivalry will
] benefit the drama. Let the. poet realize
! some of his dreams, the actor and the
painter, and come and look at them. They
may be strange, these dreams, and weird
I ana odd and not successful, but there will
; be something gained and something new
j and not the same eternal drumming out
i of A square plus B square multiplied by A
; square plus B square and its monotonous
j results." ■ ,
■ • • ■»
The Higher Thought of Tennyson.
1 The subject of the evening sermon by Rev.
: William Rader in the Third Congregational
, Church last evening was "The Higher Thought
jof Tennyson." He reviewed the Christian
poets' end classed them in order as Shake
speare, Milton and Tennyson, and then spoke
of his religion, which he said was: "There is
something that watches over us, and our in
dividuality endures. That's my faith and
'■ that's all my faith," and after drawing atten
i tion to his poems, said that "The Crossing of
! %he Bar" was the crown of his theology.
RICHMOND FIRE TRAGEDY.
A Child Burned to Death and
Several People Seriously
Injured.
The Fire Department Greatly Impeded
Owing to an Insufficient Water
Supply.
Shortly after 9 o'clock last evening,
' while Mrs. Job Erasmy of Fifteenth
avenue was putting her youngest child to
bed she accidentally overturned a lighted
coal-oil lamp. The articles in the room
j soon ignited and the flames spread
; rapidly.
Every effort was made to check the con
flagration, but without success, and the
' flames were not extinguished until a boy
had been burned to death, an old lady j
badly burned and two men injured by
broken glass and fire.
There were seven children in the house
i besides Mrs. Blume, 75 years of age, Mrs.
; Erasmy 's mother. All the children were
i saved with the exception of a boy 7 years
'■ old. He was sleeping upstairs at the time
the fire broke out and in running down
stairs became confused and crawled under
j neath the stairway.
When his body was found after the fire
i it was burned to a crisp.
Mrs. Blume, completely losing her nres
ence of mind, jumped from a second-story
1 window. She was taken to the Receiving
| Hospital, and was found with both arms
j and legs badly burned and her hair singed
i off. In jumping she almost fractured her
jaw.
Dr. Bunnell said she was suffering se
verely from the shock and considering her
advanced age might not recover.
Job Erasmy, the father of the child
burned to death, a butcher on the corner
of Lake avenue and Clement street, was
badly burned while endeavoring to rescue
his children, and George Kugeler, a rela
tive of the family, had his lees badly cut
with broken glass while trying to "save j
Mrs. Blume before she jumped from the '
i window.
The flames communicated to the cottage
occupied by W. Chipman, a milkman, and
nothing was left of it but the bare walls.
The furniture, however, was saved.
The Erasmy family. suffered a total loss'
The Fire Department was greatly im
peded in its efforts to subdue the fire by a
great scarcity of ' water. The nearest
engine-house was six blocks from the fire
and the nearest police signal station on
First avenue twelve block away.
Blaze on Bernal Heights.
A defective flue started a blaze in .he
cottage of Michael O'Brien of 606 High
land avenue last evening, which resulted
in a complete loss of the house ana furni
ture. •■ : ' ' '"' '-:*' '
The alarm was turned in from box 451
at a few minutes before 8 o'clock last even
ing. '
The loss was estimated at $1000. The
Fire Department was immediately oh the
scene, but found the nearest hydrant at
the corner of Highland avenue and Patton
street productive of wind only. A stream
was finally obtained at the corner of Mis
sion street.
ARTISTS AND ARTISANS
Clever Showing Made by the
Youthful Wielders of the
Pencil.
AWING IN CITY SCHOOLS
Exhibits of the Art Department _f the
Public Schools at the New
City Hall.
The first of a series of creditable exhib
its of drawing by the pupils of the City
schools was made in the office of Superin
tendent Madison Babcock last week.
The pupils of the Mission Grammar
School showed 600 drawings, 450 of which
were arranged on the walls in such a man
ner as to show the natural sequence of the
work, while the Longfellow primary school
made an exhibit of elementary color work.
The grades represented in the drawing
in the Mission Grammar are the fifth, sixth,
seventh, eighth and ninth, and the work
includes the pictorial representations of
geometric solids and such common objects
based upon them as boxes, books, baskets
and jars; tbe drawing of foliage in outline j
and light and shade; in, pencil and in pen
and ink; the making of constructive pat
terns for geometric solids and the making of
the objects themselves; this constituting
the manual drawing side of the course of
instruction in use ; the making of working
drawings both freehand and with rule and
compass. yyy\-YYY :
In studying the exhibit, it will be seen
that the work progresses from the simple
to the complex, from the lower to the
higher grades; that it is all done directly
from the object; that the method of draw
ing is that of using the bold, direct stroke,
with full arm movement, aiming to ex
press only the essentials, with the simplest
rendering. 7.^-7; 77 77v".y
The mechanic and artisan may see with
interest examples of simple constructive
drawing, which must be of value educa
tionally to every pupil, if not of more prac
tical value ; while the student of art may
find examples of pen and ink drawing that
might be a credit to artists of considerable
training. In an adjoining room, the milli
ner, dressmaker, furnisher and decorator
may see how systematically color and its
applications to ornament are taught, this
being the work of the Longfellow Primary
School.
The system of drawing which has b"en
in use in the public schools of this City
since June, 1894, is known by the name of
its promoter, Louis Prang.
Miss -Catherine Ball, the superintendent
of this department, is an enthusiast on
the subject. "It is the only system of
i drawing. The other alleged systems are
mere modifications of it. It* recognizes
that there are three type forms reproduced
in nature and art, the cube, sphere and
cylinder. Therefore it lays stress upon
familiarity with those fundamental forms
and "requires the closest study of them.
You will observe that the work is char- !
acterized by broad, soft lines, and that it |
| aims at a bold representation of outlines ■
! without too close attention to detail. !
j Those are, perhaps, the most marked j
j features of the system. .You see there is !
! little evidence of laborious work here. j
! The aim is that it be speedy and done with ;
a full, free movement of the arm. Per- j
haps its forte is education in the indus
trial line, although the pictorial side is
not lacking. • -
"The citizens of London discovered that j
the English fell far below the other com
peting powers in mechanics, as shown at :
the exposition of 1851. They recognized |
i the need of systematic training in an in- j
j dustrial line, and the result was the es- '
| tablishment of the South Kensington I
j school. The ; history of that movement j
! was repeated and paralleled in this coun- I
I try by the Centennial Exposition at Phila- j
! delphia and the resultant founding of the |
; Boston Art Normal School. Teachers \
were sent out from this school to give an i
impetus to industrial drawing in the pub- j
lie schools. Professor Walter Smith came
to this country about the same time, and j
introduced his method, which, excellent j
though it was, proved not entirely adapted
to American needs. Louis Prang, who is
a millionaire lithographist who made his
fortune during the war, bought Professor
Smith's right, and has since been improv
ing upon it. The common opinion that it
is a mercantile enterprise is wrong. It is
a hobby of his."
The exhibit shows the steps from the
outline drawings in pencil of the type
forms from models in the fifth grade, to
the geometric problems,, the pattern and
I working drawings, and foliage work done
in all the upper grades, the development
in the quality of the line showing in the
various stages. Doubtless artisans would I
be most pleased with the sets showing
on one sheet the pattern of an object, the i
geometrical form itself fashioned from
that pattern, the working drawing made j
from that object and the perspective view. |
' An artist would linger most over the foli- j
! age work in pen and ink, all of which is
from the object. There is a showing of j
training in perspective which would at- j
tract the admiring attention of all who
realize how rare is a mastery of that diffi
cult phase of art study.
The exhibits will be given by various
schools from time to time.
BEFORE THE CONFERENCE
Pastor Brown Will Be Asked
to Explain the False
Dispatches. ►
His Censure of the Council to B. Con
sidered—Good Audiences at
the First Church.
Dr. Brown preached twice at the First
Congregational Church yesterday. At the
morning service his theme was '.'Sincerity, "
and at night he talked of "Mendelssohn
and the Elijah." The reverend gentleman
has apparently lost none of his drawing
power, for good-sized audiences ' greeted
him on both occasions.
The pastor's Bible class was not nearly
so well attended as on the previous Sunday,
there being scarcely a hundred people
present. Mrs. Cooper's class, which meets
in Native Sons' Hall, showed a largely in
creased attendance, a score or more new
faces being seen. The Endeavorers met in
the same room at 6:30 o'clock, ten persons
making application for membership.
The Bay Association will meet at San
Lorenzo to-day. The programme as now
outlined ; will "consist entirely ; of J routine
business," the Brown case being passed
with a short report from the committee
which made an abortive attempt during
the early stages of the scandal to have the
accused pastor make an explanation. ',
V To-morrow at 1:30 o'clock the Bay Con
ference meets at Berkeley, and outside of
the ministere ™ and delegates 1 from San
Francisco the various jj churches in the
district will be represented as follows:
Oakland— Erwin B. Chapman, William H.
Cooke, Alanson Coplin. Frank H. Foster, John
H. Goodell, Rhys R. 1 Lloyd, Wallace \V. Love
joy, Oramel W. Lucas, John K. McLean. George
iooar, Charles S. Nash, Francis B. Perkins,
William A. Tenney, Mahlon Willett; Berkeley,
George B. Hatch; Alameda,- William W. Scud
der; San Quentin, August Brahms; Lorin, Jesse
D Foster; San Rafael. William P. Hardy;
woodland, Frank E. Hinckley; Stockton, John
C. Holt-rook; Niles, Frederick H. Maar; San
Lorenzo, George T. McCollum; Clayton, Joseph
H. Merrall; Schellville, John Phillips; Mill
\ alley, John Rea; Sunol Glen, Jacob H.
Strong: Black Diamond/Frederick H.Wales;
.North Tem.scal, Aaron Williams.
y Every member of the conference takes a
deep interest in the meeting, because it is
well understood that the conference as a
body has to grapple with tbe Brown scan
dal. The pastor is expected to receive his
warmest support from San Francisco rep
resentatives, though it is equally well un
derstood that some of his bitterest enemies
also hail from this City. It is known of
course that the First Church delegates, Dr.
Pond and possibly one or two others, will
stand by the pastor.
The conference will first take up the
matter of the false press dispatch which Dr.
Brown caused to be sent over the entire
country. On the same line will come an
inquiry Into the private telegram sent by
the pastor to his friends in Kalamazoo.
Should Attorney Nagle and- Young Kim
ball succeed in shouldering the blame of
the first, it is scarcely possible for them to
perform a similar service for the doctor in
the latter instance. The Kalamazoo
message was signed and sent by himself.
In addition to these charges Dr. Brown
will have to answer for his criticism of the
verdict of the council. That assemblage
was composed of some of the most influen
tial members of the Bay Conference. They
do not take kindly to 'the pastor's defiant
attitude and they will no doubt express
themselves strongly on this point before
the conference adjourns. .-* 7
It was rumored yesterday that Dr.
Brown had been removed by the trustees.
The pastor indignantly and emphatically
denied that any euch action had been
taken.
In the Fortieth.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
representative Republicans of the Fortieth
district was held at Bear Hall. J. E. Marks,
county committeeman of the district, called
the meeting to order, and by an unanimoiis
vote was chosen chairman. Preparations were
made for the primary to be held next Wednes
day, and it was the prevailing sentiment that
an honest and impartial election should be
held. A ticket was selected to represent the
district at the State convention.
yy.^-y '£•*■:•' — •> — *- — — ■
Got face or other ache? Use Mitchell's Magic
Lotion. May ulcerate if you don't. *
NEW TO-DAY.
ART SALE
AT AUCTION!
BY ORDER OF
EDWIN DEAKIN, ARTIST.
60 OF HIS CHOICEST
OIL PAINTINGS!
IN THE MAPLE HALL,
On the First Floor of the Palace Hotel.
AUCTION SALES
Wednesday, April 15 At 12 o'clock, noon
j Wednesday, April 15 At 7:45 o'clock, evening
i Thursday, April 16 At 12 o'clock, noon
FREE EXHIBITION,
Commencing Monday. April 13, at lOo'clock a. m.,
and continuing day and evening until the closing
of the auction sale. The sale composes Archi-
tectural Subjects, Old Buildings, Mountains,
Mountain Lakes, Studies of Fruit and Sketches of
Parts Rues. In the collection are: "Dent dv
: Midi," '-Westminster Abbey," "Scene of Gray's
! Elegy." "Light jin the Window," "Eagle Falls,
j Near Tahoe," "The Old 'bateau,'' "Point Neuf,
j Paris. This will be the last presentation by Mr.
j Deakiu of his works at public auction.
-Do not forget the days and hours of auction
sales. Catalogues at Maple Hall, Palace Hotel,
and at our office. 77*7/
Connoisseurs will find this collection well worth
a visit. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market street. • Auctioneers.
B__g3^g____j o>« l "*'*.
: ?Fl___--__________*___:
i *«»(- ■- - ■ ■■" i ■ ■ ■ _______ -_____.
Mo
*,§_
5 1 you eat
Jg a hearty
I % Breakfast?
iS ,
j Jwb Many don't; it doesn't agree
| H & with them ; they eat but one or
;m ' two good meals a day, then eat
j pjr too much at a time ; they're on
! */ tj the air line route to dyspepsia
! m £ and general debility.
*i • 0 A hearty breakfast is neces-
; £?§ sary. If you don't like solid
; m '- things, take a rich, nutritious
| mTi. and palatable liquid food. There
\ A fcj is but one that's as perfect as
i 'm, 4. man can make it the queen of
! 4j^ 0 beverages:
! ■+i -
jp Qhirardelli's
\ *£ Ground
! isi Chocolate
3? i __.
V _J_ -y^yyyy y .v- .
»*, w-n Made Instantly. Don't be fooled with
_/ v~ substitutes. Insist on GhlrardelH's.
*?**»*
IMPORTANT NOTICE!
SHIP "BIiIUORE."
TENDERS ARE REQUESTED BY THE UN-
derslgned for salving the above vessel and put-
ting her alongside suitable wharf on the proposi-
tion of -'no cure no pay." • Work to be commenced
within forty-eight (48) hours after signing con-
tract. Tenders must, specify time required. The
right Is reserved to reject any or all tenders,
which must be submitted prior to noon, Tuesday,
the 14th day of April, at the office of J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Co.
JOHN CAW,
Master British Ship "Blalrmore."
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manage.
. THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Peerless Dramatic Pageant,
"MICHAEL STROGOFF"
Superb Scenery ! Artistic Accessories !
-elected and Augmented Cast !
7- 7 Evjurnfa Phi era— 2so anl STo.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday. '
CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
7 OAKLAND, CAL.
MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR
TO-MORROW NIGHT. • ' -.' -
Admission 91.00.
NEW b TO " :PA y-: 77
[(Aluminum finish brass trimmings).
There are plenty of 'en-
amel and brass" bedsteads —
the trouble is there's pre-
cious little brass about most
of them.
Brass costs and the less
brass the less cost, that's
why.
Haven't you read in the high-class mag-
azines about "Adams & Wesklake beds ?"
There's no question, they make the best
metal beds in America ! But quality is not
stinted for price's sake with them.
Naturally enough you can
get their beds here (and here
only), as they're the best and
that's our strong point, best
— best of everything !
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
11 123 Geary Street.
WW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS. *
. rN_DI-4nO_!-<OTT_OD «■'<_-• u._c. am rv-i*.«. •• •
WE I OVER
PLAYED 13,000 .
TO | PEOPLE
In the Seven Performances Given Last Week.
TO-NIGHT COMMENCES
THE SECOND AND LAST WEEK
Of the Greatest American Play,
With the Eminent Actor,
I , _FL^___Xr*E_: MAYO
And His Excellent Company.
TO AVOID DISAPPOINTMENT SE-
CURE SEATS IMMEDIATELY.
April 20— EZRA KENDALL
In "A PAIR OF KIDS."
I_PJV M EATRS^I p*»ops. b
Engagement Limited to Three Weeks, beginning
TO-NIGHT (Monday), April 13, of the lore-
most American Actor, :-
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And His New York Garriek Theater Stock Co.
To-night and All This Week— th«» Picturesque
■ Character Comedy Drama,
"BEAU BRUMMELL."
Second Week, Beginning Monday, April 20,
Monday and Tuesday, ■•* * ■'•'-*
"THE STORY OP RODIAN.THE STUDENT."
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday Ev'gs and Sat. Mat.
"PRINCE KARL,"
Saturday Evening.
"DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE."
theotrbP'SS?'
Fiom 8 o'clock till half-past ten
You laugh and laugh aim laugh again.
PETER THE
F. In NIGHT
DAILEY CLERK.
ONLY 8 TIMES MORE!
FRIDAY NIGHT, April 17— Testimonial Benefit
tendered MANAGER E. ROSENBAUM.
 Special Acts.
Next Monday— Roi-an-d Heed In "The Politician."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. Ebnkstine Ebslin-q, Proprietor <_ Manager
SECOND WEEK OFTBE KIM SICCESS!
The Magnificent Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD!"
Great Cast New Features!
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY! . ..: .
GORGEOUS COSTUMES!
ENTRANCING BALLETS!
The Latest Terpsichorean Novelty.
"RAYS OF LIGHT!"
SEXTWEEK^SECOSDED-TIO?.!
The "Chevalier" Medley of Coster
Songs.
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Street, Between Stockton anl Po^slL
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE "WEEK
An Over-Topping Specialty Co.
THE HEWETiSand I For One Week
LADY ZETA | Only.
Last "Week of the Favorites :
ROSIE RENDfcL, ELENA LEILA,
~7 LA BELLA CARMEN,
, ADONIS AMES,
SEGOMMER, 7by . THE NAWNS,
BRUET AND RIVIERE, Etc.
Reserved seats, '."sc: Balcony, 10c; Opera chain
and Box seats. 60c.
AS" Hopkins' Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Co.,
MONDAY, April 20.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION (Adults) lO CENTS.
CHILDREN— 6c: CHUTES, 5a
Ladies— Chutes, Weekday Afternoons, sc.
SUTRO BATHS
PLEASURE-GROUNDS.
Firth Wheel, Mirror Maze, Haunted
Swing and Punch and Judy always in
Operation on Marry Way. Concert*
every Saturday and Sunday "by
First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, Band.
General Admission 10 cents
Children & cents
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleslde Track).
-_£_______________
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION 81.00.
' Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 r. __
Fare ; for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Misslon-streec electric line direct
to trac*^i^s_s__3_f|3"'i* '■ -: ? : *- *-'
A. B. SPRECKELS, W. 3. LEAKE,
President. -•_ ..,. , ;.-■;*-,.;■- Becreiarj-
78
WELLS WON FOR
THE BAY CITY.
For the Second Time This
Club Gets the Relay
Cup.
THE RECORD BROKEN
A Hundred Miles Covered by
Wheelmen in Less Than
Five Hours.
MANY MISHAPS ON THE WAY.
Great Excitement at the Finish, Which
1 Was Stubbornly Contested
by the Scorcher.
It was a hot finish that carried "Wells to
victory and won the trophy of the 100- mile
relay bicycle race for the Bay City Club
yesterday. The final struggle was a mag
nificent one. All- of the last relay men
were noted for the fast pace they were able
to set; some held records that the cracks
of the world had gone up against and lost;
several had themselves established marks
that have never been outclassed.
Therefore, it was with much interest and
an abidine faith in the speed and endur
ance of their favorite sprinter that the
great crowd of wheelmen and wheelwomen
waited and watched for the finish and
speculated and gossiped as to the out
come. Central avenue, Alameda, which
was the scene of the closing effort of the
contest, was lined with people. The wheel
men fenced the avenue on either side with
their machines, and thus kept the multi
tude in subjugation and left the stretch
clear for the coursers.
The start had been made at 10 o'clock in
the morning from Market and Tenth
streets, San Francisco, and running down
the peninsula, the wheelmen returned on
the opposite side of the bay. The distance !
covered was 100 miles, or ten relays of 10
miles each.
The day was beautiful. A warm sun [
poured down its rays from a Venetian s_y, '
while a refreshing breeze swept up from
the sea. The scene at the finish line was
full of color and effect. The bicycle girl |
was there. She wore bloomers, of course, j
rich and varied of color, and sometimes |
she sat on the fence-rail with the youth, i
but at all times she was graceful and a de- •
cidedly pleasing addition to the scene.
All wore the colors of their respective
clubs. The Alameda girl was out, too. She
wore her summer gown of white muslin
and watched Charley Fair's horseless
wagon pass back and forth over, the
smooth boulevard with great interest and
delight.
But the finish! It was most exciting. It
was a race for life. All the energy and
force of the scorchers seemed reserved for
the last great effort. As ttte stretch was
entered, 200 yards from the tape, Ziegler
and Squires were almost abreast, with Fos
ter close up. Foster spurted to pass be
tween the leaders, with plenty of room in
his favor, when Squires wabbled and
fouled the Olympian. Both went down in
a heap, and Ziegler darted to the front,
with Wells close up. Down the stretch
they flew, forcing every muscle and strain
ing every nerve.
The spectators were eager, breathless,
excited. It was a critical moment. Every
body yelled Ziegier, whose name had been
heraldea on a hundred victorious racing
fields, but fortune was against him. Wells,
who seemed to have considerable reserve
force up his sleeve, closed in on the San
Jose champion when within twenty yards
of the line and kept the terrible pressure
up to the end. Inch by inch he forged to the
front, and though Ziegler did his utmost
he failed to regain the lost ground. Wells
finished by a scant wheel to the good, and
the multitude sent up a cheer that broke
the quiet of the Alameda Sabbath.
McFarland of San Jose was a close third,
and others came straggling in at intervals.
The time made by the Bay City Club for
the 100 miles was 4 hours 56 minutes 12
seconds, which is 35 minutes better than
the fastest time made last year. P. M.
J_e.fevre of the Acme made the fastest time
of any individual rider, covering the third
relay in 24:39, which is the fastest time
ever made in a relay race.
Wells carried a letter of greeting from
Mayor Sutro of San Francisco to Hon.
John Foderer, president of the Board of
Trustees of San Jose. At each relay this
letter was delivered to the rider starting
out afresh. This was done in accordance
with the regulations under which the race
was run.
This is the second time the Bay City
Club has won the cup presented by
Thomas H. B. Varney for the annual 100
--mile relay race, open to all members of
the California Associated Cycling Clubs.
There are twenty-three clubs on the mem
bership roll of this organization. Ten en
tered the race yesterday.
Much money changed hands on the re
suit. The betting between the Bay City
and Olympic clubs was. particularly heavy,
it having been encouraged by a long ex
isting rivalry. The clubmen backed their
respective teams to the last dollar, and as
a result, the Bay City boys had money
with which to buy refreshments last night,
while the Olympics were correspondingly
depressed and thirsty.
THE RACE. IN DETAIL.
It Was a Hard-Fought Contest and
Splendidly Ridden, Though Accl-
dents Were Numerous.
It was only a few minutes before 9
o'clock when the ten men who were
to ride the first relay lined up on Market
street, Tenth, and awaited the word
to go. The immense crowd pushed and
jostled with each other to get a glimpse of
the riders, while. others who. preferred to
them pass lined both "sides of Ninth
street for bloc_s. At exactly 9 o'clock to
the. second Starter McGlynn gave the word,
and theriders were off over the cobbles.each
striving to reach Ninth street first, that he
mi-ht have the advantage of leading down
the cable slot as far as Potrero avenue.
Kroetz of the Olympics secured the coveted
position, and led the others a merry chase
down Ninth street. The order Kroetz.
Olympic; Bozio, Imperial; Robinson, San
Francisco; . Harden brook, Garden. .City;
Languetin, Bay City; Schleuter, Acme;
O'Brien, San Jose; Pratt, Alameda;;Han
son, California, and Boyden, Reliance.
All went well until" the end of Ninth
street, when Boyden fell turning into
Brannan. He fell again on Potrero aye
Everybody Sfcouted and the EwnUement Was Intense as Wells Crossed the Tape Half a Wheel Ahead at the Finish of the Great Relay Race. The Scene Was Sketched
From Life by a "Call Artist at Central Avenue and Grand Street. Alameda.
THE TEN MEN WHO ENTERED FOR THE BAY CITY WHEELMEN, THE CLUB THAT WON THE GREAT RELAY OF '96.
nue, but pluckily remounted and chased
after the bunch, now nearly out of sight.
He caught. Hanson, California, who had
fallen further on. Pratt, Alameda, punc
tured his tire and was 5 mm. 47 sec. be
hind the leader at the end of the relay.
Languetin and Robinson lost their pedals
on the six-mile hill and this lost them
time. Owing to the poor condition of the
road on the first relay, the wonder is that
no more nor worse accidents occuned.
Hardenbrook, Garden City, led by two
seconds over Kroetz, Olympic, at the end
of the relay, with the Acme man, Schleu
ter, third. The following table shows the
relative positions and riding times:
FIRST RELAY. - .•
1 =
RIDEB.
Time.
1.. G.Hardenbrook.. Garden C. 9:28:08
2.. G. E. Kroetz Olympic. 9:28: 10-
-3.. T. Schleuter I Acme 9:'JB:s7i
4.. A. K. Bozio Imperial.! 9:29:051
6.. E. Laneuctin Bay tin-.; 9:29:32j
6.. F. Hanson 'California 9:80:1)0'
7.. M. .1. o'Krion... sun Jose.., 9:3(»:27'
8.. R.Robinson jSanFran.l 9:30:31 j
9.. A. >1. Koyden....ißpliance .! 9:30:56
10.. \V. T. Pratt |Alameda. 9:33:55
28:1
i 28:
j 28
I 29 :»
! 29::
j 80:1
Fastest time— lß94, 30:00; 1895, 29:35.
The relay packets were exchanged with
lightning rapidity here to the riders of the
second ten miles, who were off and out of
sight in a few seconds. Krafts, the Bay
City man, rode fully up to the expectations
of his club mates, and though the road
was in baa shape, made the . ten miles in
27 mm. 12 sec, which was fastest time and
brought his club •up from fifth •to third
position., The Acmes went back one
rlace. while the Garden Citys and Olym
pics still held first and „ second respect
ively. The Imperials dropped from fourth
to seventh, and the Alamedas clinched
their mortgage on last place. •
SECOND BELAY.
KIDEK.
£■§;
1.-Tony Del mas
2..|W. J. Christ
3.. C. A. Krafts
4.. J. R. Kenna
6..U". Birdsall
6.. (.;. front
7.. C. \V. Conger
8.. I. J. Carroll
9.. *\ H. Wilkins.....
10-4 K. D. Taft
Harden C.
Olympic.
Bay City.
Acme
California
San Fran,
imperial..
San Jose
Reliance..
Alameda.
Club.
9:55:23
9:58:43
9:56:44
9:59:05
9:fi9:06
9:59:07
9:59:15
9:59:'2.S
9:59:44
10:04:ia
Tim&
< 27:15
28:33
' 27:12
30:08
29:06
28:36
30:10
2H:58
28:48
30:18
iastest time— lß94, 33:00; 1895.30:44.
The third relay race showed hardly any
difference in positions. Hammonds by
fast riding brought the San Jose Road
Club up two places. The leaders kept
their same places, and the tail-enders
theirs. Remarkably fast time was made
over this relay, the slowest being 27 mm. 32
: sec. Lefevre. Acme, rode' the best, 24
mm. 39 sec, while the Garden City, Olym
pic and Bay City men rode in 25 minutes
and a fraction. This was the fastest relay
of the course, no accidents happened to
any of the men, and a fine road made the
riding perfect. ■"■■.
THIRD BELAY. '.. '■ V:
BIDEB.
lime.
3..
■1..
5..
{_!..
H..
9 .
IR. Cu»hing. li
; George Fuller.... j
.1. C. Williamson.
P. M. Lefevre
I', O. Alexander.,
it. Hammonds...
C. Goodwin.:...^.
P. -Meicalf ...?....
K'U'iir Curtis. . ....
Bay City.
Acm« ....
California
san Jose..
San Fran.
Imperial..
KWianc<-
C.
c. .
10:21:10
10 -21:49
10:21:64
10:23:44
10:28:16 |
10:25:44
10:25:53
10:26:15
10:2H:16
I 2«:0!
I 26 =11
•Jij:4l
2? :oi
25
2 s
: Fastest time— lß94, 26:44; -895,28:60. •
The end of the fourth relay saw the
Olympics in first position. Allan Jones
rode it for them and he 1 ' and the Bay City
man. McCrea of Los -Angeles, rode to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896,
gether. exchanging pace up to the fifth
mile, when McCrea's tire punctured. He
said nothing, but kept on as best he
could, though it was hard work. When
Jones realized what had happened he lit
out and soon left the Los Angeles flier be
hind. The latter rode on a mile more
when he met a rider on an old model wheel,
heavy and cumbersome, with bell, brake,
lamp and all the usual attachments of a
tourist's mount. It was better than his
own flat-tired wheel though, so he quickly
dismounted and requested an exchange,
which was readily granted, and he was off
again at a good speed and made up all but
a minute of the time he lost by his acci
dent." yy-y
Had his trailer been near at hand, he
being supposed to start a minute behind
him, he would not have lost so much, but
the trailer, George Dixon, also had a punc
ture and was nowhere in sight when Mc
,Crea most needed him.
Crafts, the Acme man, made the best
time of the relay, 26 mm. 36 sec.
FOURTH RELAY.
I ©j i Actual
Bideb. Club. Time. ; Riding
Tcj Time.
l.'A. N. Jones. Olympic. 1O:49:]O 27:31
2.. J. E. Lawrence... Garden C. 10:49:15 '.'8:05
3..1 G. H. Crufts Acme.... 10:50:20 26:36
4..1 H. K. McCrea i ßay City. IOUtOdH 28:28
s.. j John Wine San Jose. 1O:52:S5 I 27:51
6.-[J. W. llHrvey California 10:53:03 27:-18
7.. N. Ackerraan ; San Fran. ! 10:54:35! '28:42
8.. C. R. Urifflths.... I Reliance. 110:55:00 28:45
9.. E. C. Barle- Imperial .j 10:55:02 28:47
10.. E. M. Whalley.. . . | Alameda. 1 10 :59:45 j 28 :00
I
I Actual
Time. Elding
Time.
Fastest time- 1894, 27:50; 1895. 26:59.
Coulter, the crack East racer, rode
the fifth for the Olympics and barely main
tained their lead by reason of a misfor
tune which befell his wheel just before the
start. He was obliged to borrow another,
which was not suited to him, and rode his
course under difficulties. The finish was
almost a tie between him and the Garden
City rider, Hubbard, whom he beat by a
few inches, and so was given first position.
Menne brought the Bay Citys up from
fourth to third position on this relay, pass
ing the Acmes. The San Jose Road Club
still kept first place and the Californias
sixth. The Alamedas continued to estab
lish their right to last by dropping still
further behind, being nearly a quarter of
an hour later than the leaders. :-,,. : y
The wonder is that Menne did so well on
this relay, for he was as unfortunate as
McCrea, puncturing his rear tire when the
distance was but half covered. He had to
down, and was soon overtaken by his
speedy trailer, Fred Day. In trying to
make a quick exchange of wheels both fell,
and rolled into the gutter. Neither was
hurt, and Menne, hastily remounting
Day's wheel, was away in a second on the
balance of , his journey. Day had to walk
to the end of the relay, leading Menne's
disabled wheel. Distance five miles. He
was much annoyed."*"
~b '^FIFTH BELAY. .
S3
■~=f , Rider. , ■ . ■
er~ |"■ '-; " ■ :•--■
1.. C. R. C0u1ter......
2.. Al Hubbard
.3.. A. J. Menne
4.. E. J. Smith .:....
5.. Ray Hogg. tf.
6.. U. Stem berg......
7.. U .S. I^avitt
8.. p. K. Mott ::.-..-.
9.. r. Aiboselle.*. . ,*r.:
10.. 11. K. lialnes
Bay City .
Acme ...:
San Jose.
Club.
i11:16:44|
!ll:15-44;
111:15:47
11:17:47'
111:17:49!
!ll:18:25
1 11:20:34
111:21:64
11 :J4:»0
1 11:-*»:18
Time.
{ 26:34
j 16:19
i 25:25
! 27:27
i 25:04
25:22
25:49
26-64
28:58
29:33
Actual
riding
time.
Fran, j
Alamerta.
i ■_ Fastest time— lß94. 27:68; 1895. .8:18.
There was more trouble on the sixth re
' lay, through and around San Jose, and it
| was here, on their own "ground,' that the
I Garden City Cyclers "played in hard luck"
j and lost exactly two minutes. "; ; ;
| Their man Navlet started on even terms
| with Davis, the : Olympian, and all went
I well until a,; stray dog attempted to cross
j the road in front of "him: - Navlet struck
the dog, and over he went, -uffering a ter
rible fall. His wheel was wrecked, and he
was badly bruised, but he mounted his
trailer's wheel when the latter reached the
scene, and bravely finished his ride.
It was a bad accident and the Garden
Citys feel that they practically lost the
race there in their own town. What hap
pened to the dog cannot be gleaned from
the accounts of the trouble.'
The Bay Citvs did not do well on this re
lay. In fact, Davis' riding was so speedy
he left the others all the way from one to
five minutes behind. The Alamedas were
now 15J_ minutes behind. Cardinell of the
California Club did not ride well, and his
club dropped back to ninth position. His
time, 35 mm. 05 sec, would indicate that
he must have met with an accident, though
none was reported.
At the end of the sixth some claimed
that Raynaud, the Bay City man, passed
his packet to Vincent outside of the limit
of 100 yards, inside of which the rules of
the association prescribe it must.be ex
changed. Later it was found that the
marks were incorrectly placed and that
Raynaud had done right, so that the pro
test the Garden Citys afterward filed on
that ground will have to be disallowed.
SIXTH REUY.
II
Club.
1..!
•1..
3..
4..
6..
6..
7..
8..
9..
10..
jC. L. Davis
(ius Navlet
iB C. Ravnaud....
M. F.Rose
; Jost-ph hielloli
C. D. (icoch
M. M. Cook
E. Elliott
J. D. Car.linell...
|F. a. Thomas
Olympic. 11:44:30
UiaraenC. 11:46:30
;Bay City. ll:47:OO|
lAcine ....[11:47:16
Si;n Jose.J 11:50:00,
Reliance..; 11:52:00
imperial.. 11:52:161
San Fran. : 11:53:001
Culifor la 11:53:80 1
Alameda. 1)2:00:001
1 28:46
30:46
| 30:13
; •29:28
I 32:11
30:06
i 28:15
| 31:26
I 35:05
| 30:42
Fastest time— lB9
30:00:
'28 :30.
; By clever riding the fastest of any one
of his course, Chapman maintained the
two-minute lead ot the Olympics at the
end of the seventh and actually increased
it, so that the Garden Citys, Acmes and
Bay Citys were now fully "three minutes
behind and bunched together in the order
named. The San Jose Road Club was still
fifth and the Alamedas last.
Kider.
Club.
Time.
Actual
Hiding
Time.
1.. Ed Chapman
2.. Oscar Smith
3. J. It. Sampson
4.. S. B. Vincent
5.. J. C. Wi!ioiighb3-..
6..BertK)ford
7.. W. Maack
8.. (;. Atkerman
9.. A. Theison
10.. O. .S. Shafer
Olympic.
i(;anlen OL
Acme..,..
;Bay City.
San Jos?..
Reliance.
, imperial.
:San fran.
1 California
: Alameda.
12:14:001
12:16:50!
12:17:00
12:17:05
12:20:*25
1 12:22:00
1*2:22:20
12:2 3 :0U
12:25 :?5
12:34:30
I 29:30
! 30:20
29:45
I 30:05
So:26
30:00
30:0&
30 :00
31 :55
84:30
Fastest time-1894, 32:51 ; 1H96, 28:11.
But oh, how the mighty fell on the
eighth, relay. When Chapman ' handed
the Olympic packet to George ? Tantau at
the end of the seventh, it was with a lead
of three minutes. When the latter passed
it to J. E. Ed wards of the * ninth I the Gar
den Citys and Acmes had gone by him a
minute ahead, and he had lost four i min
utes for his club and practically the race.
It was this which held': Edwards back and
then Foster, and the latter's mishap at the
finish could not possibly have f occurred
had he had these priceless four minutes as
a lead. , y J " '
There is no excuse for Tantau. He
should, perhaps, have not been honored
with a place, on the Olympic team.- After
his fine showing and ; ; successful . riding at
the Pavilion indoor tournament In March,
he took a pleasure trip to Los -Angeles,
and only returned to the City Friday. :He
was in no condition for a bicycle race, let
alone an important place on • the Olympic
relay team, and all the men but two who'
rode the eighth relay beat him from one
to four minutes.
EIGHTH RELAY.
Actual
Ridi:ig
Time.
1..15. W. Decker Acme...
2.. : Julius Smith | Garden C. ;
8.. (iiorgc Tantau Olympic..'
4.. T. a. (Jriftiths....jß»y I ity.
5.. H. Caloway San Josp..
6.. Percy Dcaion |Heltance. :
7..' H. A. Friedlanrter San Fran. .
B.JL. P. O!«on ! Caliiornia !
fl.. B. D. Blakeslee. . . , Imperial.. '■
■ 0-1 A W.Morgenstern; Alameda.j
Fastest time— lB94, 36:46; 189(
12:44:231 27:23
12:44:.'3 27:33
12:45:18 31:18
1^:47:13 30:(.'8
12:50:40 30:15
:1'J:51:35 29:35
13:53:18 29:50
12:55:40 30:15
: 12:55:53; 33:33
I 1:10:28 35:58
5, 31:33.
The eighth relay finished with the Acrao
Club ahead, . the first and only time in the
race, though their man, Decker, only beat
Julius Smith, Garden City, by a scant
wheel's length, and their finishing times
were the same. The Bay Citvs were now
three minutes behind these two clubs and
two minutes back of the* Olympics. But
wait. ;.*;>-•" Yyyyyy
The ninth was a hard ride past Hall's,
Alvarado and Mount Eden over a miser
able rOad and against a strong head wind.
To give an idea bow bad the conditions
were Ulbricht, the Bay City man, who
can negotiate ten miles under favorable
circumstances in 25 minutes, could do no
better than 33 mm. 135 sec, and yet his
was the best time of the relay— than
the celebrated Olympian, Edwards, than
the speedy "Nissen, Acme, Downing Gar
den City, or Bates, Reliance, or crack
riders. '*-•,<*""■
Ulbricht's remarkable ride practically
brought the Bay City Club "out of the
hole' and left them only a minute and a
fraction behind at the end of the ninth re
lay, which Wells made up in splendid
style. • : : yyy- • - .
There was more hard luck for the Gar
den City Club on the ninth. Downing, one
of their best men, punctured his tire and
lost considerable time for . them. They
were fourth at the beginning of the tenth.
Edwards took the lead away from the
Acmes, they being in second position.
The Alamedas became discouraged on
this relay and dropped out entirely. They
had fought pluckily for eighty miles, but,
being a new club, with few racing men, no
great things were expected of them, and
they deserve credit for riding as they did,
defeated from the very start. In next
year's race the story may be different, for
the club has some splendid undeveloped
racing material. " ;
• NINTH RELAY.
KIDEB.
Time. X; 1;m»
1 ime.
1 ime.
1..
■J..
3..
4 .
5..
H..
7..
8..
9..
J. K. Kdwards.:.".
G. A. Xissen. .'. . .".
K.L'lbricht
H. " Downing
Ted Belloli
C. D. Bates Jr....
T. Fjirns worth....
j. J. Boree ;.".:.
R. Coulter .:..
F.E. Graham.:.-.
Acme
Bay City,
(iarden C.
i Man Jose.
I Reliance.
;San Fran.
imperial.
I
1:19:00 33:4.
I 1:20:08 35:41
1:20:48 33:3!
1:21:48; 37:21
l:/5:2 4, 34:4-
-1:28:24 36:4!
1:30:48 37:M|
I 1:31:12 35:1!
1:31:24 35:4<
I Dlfl not finish.
When Foster, the Olympic, started on
the tenth" and last relay „ be ; had a lead
of 1■; mm. 8 sec. over Squires,' Acme, 1:48
over Wells, Bay City, 2:48 over Ziegler Jr.,
Garden City, and 6:24 over McFarland,
San Jose Road Club.l He was off like a
shot from the starting point, near San
Leandro, and it seemed to be all over with
the other : clubs; surely ■: the other riders
could not catch the mighty Foster, who
had been champion of .. the coast for . so
many years and who was said to be in
splendid racing condition.- r
But they did catch Shim— of them—
and he was a beaten man when be and
Squires fell near the tape. Wells left the
ninth relay ten -'seconds behind Squires
and caught him in no time. _:.„;; :..,_
Ziegier had them in sight when he
started and kept them there, gradually
gaining until he caught up. Then they set
out for Foster, and how they flew over the
ground, past San Leandro and along the
county road, beside the electric road
tracks. They aided each other by exchang
ing pace continually, a great advantage
over Foster, who was riding alone and un
paced.
Soon they had him in sight and kept
drawing. nearer ana nearer. Foster must
have thought he was further ahead than
he actually was, for he did not ride at his
top speed any of the time.
Just as he was passing the electric road
power-house he heard a whirr of wheels
behind him. What was his astonishment
on glancing around to see Wells, Ziegler
and Squires. It must have surprised him
greatly. They were badly winded and
dead tired, but they were there, neverthe
less, and he realized he could never leave
such riders as they behind; he would
have to depend on beating- them out in a
spurt at the finish.
From that point on the pace was very
slow. Fostor would not set a hot pace— it
would not be advisable the other
three were too tired to do much more than
hang on just then. They were playing for
time to rest and catch their breaths, as it
were, and so the four loafed along turning
down High street, at Fruitvale, toward
Alameda. ; -y -y- y.-
As they turned into Central avenue, Ala
meda, McFarland caught up to them. Ho
had made a grand ride all the way. and
their slow j pace toward the end had en
abled him to join the leaders.
He would have been a big factor at the
finish, but his chain slipped off his wheel
about a mile from the finish, and he was
out of it. He borrowed another wneel
from a gentleman named Thompson of
The Call Bicycle Club, who was near by
but could not catch the leaders before they
finished, though he was only a few seconds
behind. -.:yyy :
Central avenue, Alameda, offers a splen
did course for the finish of such an event
as the annual relay race. For two miles
from where the turn is • made into it down
to the crossing of Grand street, the finish
ing point, it is level, smooth and perfectly
straight. Down this elegant boulevard
NEW TO-DAT.
The
MANTELL
Havana cigar is neither
a "two bitter" nor too
bitter: It's 10 cts. and
a sweet, cool smoke*
It's high-grade Havana, which needs no
drugs, that makes the fine NATURAL
FLAVOR.
: Immense sales make the low prise.
The Wertheimer Co.. Wholesalers, S. F.
Foster, Wells, Squires and Ziegler flew,
neck and neck, racing like mad, for all de
sire to loaf had left them, now that the
finish was near, and they rode as if ( for
their lives.
Down the avenue they came, cheered by
the thousands upon thousands of people
who lined the roadway. About two blocks
from the finish the positions were : Zieg
ler leading, Squires to his right a few
inches back, Wells to his left, and Foster
back of them all, very close up. He de
cided to steal a march on the other three,
and, thinking there was room to pass be
tween Ziegler and Squires, started to do so.
His front wheel showed through all right,
but his pedals would not pass. They
clinched with Squires' rear wheel, and in a
second both went down with a terrible
crash. Their wheels were wrecked and
both riders were terribly bruised. Ziegler
was ahead and escaped the smashup, and
Wells on the outside got clear in time.
These two never slackened their pace, and
Wells, gradually gaining on Ziegler, beat
him a couple of feet at the finish in as
pretty and close a ride as has ever been
seen in California.
TENTH RELAY.
Ridsb.
I..JC. S. Wells Bay City.
2.. : Otto Zle'-ler Jr > Harden C.
3..|F. A. Mctarlaud.;San Jose..|
*•• William Yeoman. Reliance. .'■
5.. F. M. Byrne ilnaperial..
6.. (ieorge Hamiln... San KraD.
7.. JI. hgeberg California
8.. C. A. Park lAlameda '
9.. W. F.Foster I Olympic.. 1
10.. 11. \V. tsqutres | Acme ,
l:Btf:118| 35
l:r;6:13 34
| 1:56:25! 31
2:00:l«| 32
2:03:04 32
2:03:13 32
2:05:09: 33
I Did not flnist
1 \ collid'd nrt
; and did not
I 35
i 34
I 81
I 32
32
32
\ 33
Fastest lime— lß94, 32:05; 1895,28:01.
What the result would have been had
Squires and Foster not fallen, may be in
doubt, but it is probable that as Wells beat
out Ziegler, he could have done the same
to them, for they are surely no faster, if aa
fast as the little San Jose champion.
Foster and Squires were carried to the
clubrooms of the Alameda cyclers, where
their bruises were dressed, and they then
went home. Wells was carried high on
the shouldeis of his delighted clubmatea
down the avenue, whiie the enthusiastic
crowd cheered the popular Bay City rider
again and again.
McFarland finished soon after Wells, and
Yeoman, Reliance, next. The others came
strangling in several minutes later.
The Acme Club of Oakland will protest
against awarding the race to the Bay City
Club. A meeting was held last night ant
it was decided mat a protest should be
made on account of the foul between
Squires and Foster. Captain Swain of the
Acme Wheelmen states the matter thus:
'•Within two blocks of the finish Foster
fouled Squires, and there are a good many
w_o think it was not altogether accidental.
According to the rules, Foster should have
attempted to pass Squires on the outside,
ana should not have attempted to go be
tween him and Ziegler. When Foster
struck Squires, the Acme man was lead
ing, and as Foster was completely used up,
the race was a possibility for Squires. Aa
soon as the foul occurred the crowd
swarmed around and Squires could not
remount or do anything. I have been
told that it looked as though Foster had
reckoned on Squires falling the otuer way
and j fouling Ziegler, leaving the route
clear for himself, but Squires fell to the
right and upset Foster."
The Garden City cyclers will also pro
test the race and the awarding of the
trophy to the Bay City Wheelmen, for two
reasons, first: The alleged faulty ex
change of the Bay City packet without
the prescribed limits, at the end of the
sixth relay, and second: on the grounds
that Krafts who rode the second relay for
the Bay Citys, has not been a member of
that club sixty days, a provision of the
Associated Club's by-laws. The first ground
of protest is untenable, ana the second the
Bay Citys claim they can satisfactorily es
tablish. But the fact remains that their
men won the great race on their own speed
and ability, and protests worry them but
little. The association road racing com
mittee will hear the protests this week.
The Olympics claim to have a complaint
against Squires, Acme, for fooling Foster,
but they are too sportsmanlike to file it. |
The credit for arranging the details of
the race and bringing it off so successfully
is due to the road racing and records com
mittee of the Associated Clubs, which con
sists of George H, Stratton, chairman;
Harry F. Wynne and A. P. Swain.
The following officials were in charge at
the start and finish and in consequence
everything at those points went off
smoothly and without a hitch: Referee,
Harlow H. White, president. Associated
Clubs; starter, John F. McGlynn,
Olympic; clerk of course, Jules F.
Hancock, Bay City; scorer, C. W. Prentiss,
California; timers and judges— F. H. Ker
rigan and George P. Wetmore, Bay City:
Charles Albert Adams and H. D. Had»n
feldt, Olympic; J. J. B. Argenti, Cali
fornia; J. Catanich, Imperial; F. W.
Sharp, Acme-; W. E. Griffiths, Reliance;
W. I. Pixley, San Franaisco, and IF. S.
Hoyt, Alameda.
A new industry, that of catching snap
ping turtles for Chicago markets, has re
cently developed in Jefferson County
(Wisconsin) waters, and is being followed
with pecuniary advantage. The turtles
sell, live weight, for from 10 to 12 cents a
pound.
■ NEW TO-DAY.
$_ter*#_ f/~m llfli *-RirrvT.iF3
Sf% FIRST
V PAYMENT.
i? per
Ijlfc. WEEK.
We make snch terras because we MOW
that the WATERLEY will SATISFY YOU.
Catalogue and application
blank free.
This above terms apply only to residents of Par-
Francisco, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
Oakland Agency, 301 San Pablo Aye.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.,
18 and 20 McAllister St., 5. F.
" OPEN EVENINGS.
r ROYALTY couldn't ride a X
i more perfect wheel than the J
It's the Zinc of Bicycles, Royal 4
\in every line and feature.^—^^ X
X 4 mode!.. |S0 and $100. rally ___"^____s__^*_V -fc
OT e>i_r»nteed. K or children _r_____tt^-?
"V and adulta who want a __£*_£_____&&& V-
-0 lower price wheel tha CTN--3 Par &
J. UrQancp M made In 8 Jl v __R !__"'-«_
fff model.. f»n.sjo.fno,f 75. _T"______ __. ' H
J. Send fur Monarch book. B — ■B_j_B_-_____| _Jd
J Monarch Cycle M 'gCo.l^fflBLfl£jl*--_tJ
9 8 and & Front ft., %_aß 3L_r
4 San Franelito. H__Pi
•V^*%*%."W-%*%.^^S^JS^ JAT THE PARK AND BEACH.
George Jones Has a Narrow Es- !
cape From Mob
bing.
MAYOR SUTRO'S PET MONKEY.
An Animal With a Remarkable Af
fection for a Sick and For
lorn Kittn
There was a large crowd at the park yes
terday. The ladies grasped desperately at
their draperies, the men held to their hats
with grim determination and all defied
the rather turbulent zephyrs and looked
happy. It was a remarkably uneventful
day within theinclosure. Captain Thomp
son and his men had nothing to do all
afternoon but add another element to the
landscape and keep pedestrians, cyclists
and horse-vehicles from becoming disas-
trously mixed up.
At the station of the Ocean and Park
railroad, just outside the park entrance,
there was an extremely lively time for a
few minutes, and George J. Jones of Los
Qatos came very near being the victim of
a mob. The incident which excited the ire
of the crowd occurred aboard the train
coming from the Cliff. George J. Jones
and his brother Ralph, according to the
story of William Colson, M. Babcock, L.
Anger and other passengers, were in a
boisterous state of inebriety. George was
hanging from the side of the car and reck
lessly swinging one foot to ana fro.
As the train passed Ninth avenue his
foot came within range ot a young lady
who was waiting for the train to pass, and
Jones deliberately kicked her in the back.
The train crew, with the lack of interest in
such a trifle as a human life peculiar to
the minions of Collis P., made no effort to
stop the train. At the station the indig
nant passengers surrounded Jones and it
would probably have gone ill with him
but for the timely arrival of a policeman.
The officer sent men back to the scene of
the incident, in the meantime taking Jones
into custody. His brother Kaiph was al
lowed in the room where Jones was being
detained, but he became so noisy that the
officer summarily ejected him. lie men
detailed to look for the injured woman
were unable to get any trace of her and as
no one seemed*" desirous of making a
complaint, the man's address was taken
and he was allowed to go.
The new bridge, which constitutes a
new beauty at the park, was yesterday
open to the public, and its utility was
evidenced by the number who took occa
sion to pass over.
During the week palms were planted in
the new music concourse, thus dividing
the driveway from the bicycle paths.
At the conservatory there was the larg
est crowd seen there for months. The
superintendent was very much elated at
the hundreds who passed in admiring pro
cession before his pets. He laid the in
creased attendance to the article recently
published in The Call describing the
dumb cane, the caricature plants and other
of flora's curios. "Since the publication of
that article." he declared yesterday, "the
number of visitors to the conservatory has
been fully doubled."
The museum came In for a considerable
share of attention. The contributions of
the tat week were specimens of red and
of lite obsidion from the Upper Yukon*
Alaska, by Miss J. Hunt of Oakland and
two Japanese grotesque masks and two ,
Japanese carved wooden panels by J. L. i
Bardwell of San Francisco.
The Cliff House and Sutro's pleasure i
'grounds were also largely prtronized yes- I
terday. Colonel Robinson estimated "the
visitors at the latter place at more than
10.C0O, and the crowded tanks and galleries
seemed to bear out his figures. Besides
the band concert there was a slackwire
performance, swimming races, exhibitions
of fancy diving and other aquatic sports.
The sideshows were also liberally patron
ized.
Mayor Sutro has a monkey. Mayor
Sutro has a number of monkeys, in fact,
but this particular monkey the Mayor be
lieves to be the most remarkable of this
remarkable class of human caricatures.
About three weeks ago one of the Sutro
Heights cats became a mother. The spot
where the feline first beheld her offspring
was near the monkey's cage, and Jack, in
a playful mood, managed to get bold of
one of the little ones. The kitten which
came into his clutches was one which was
sick and weak. Whether its pitiful con
dition appealed to something tender in his
monkey nature, or whether, as seems more
probable but less interesting, he consid
ered it a good plaything, Jack immediately
adopted the kitten.
Since then he has constantly kept it in
his arras, the attendants being compelled
to force it away to feed both. "It is the
most wonderful thing you ever saw," the
Mayor declared. "Go up to the house and
see "it." The Mayor spent the afternoon
at the baths, where he played host to a
party of friends.
TALKED OF ANTAGONISMS
Their Influence en the Progress
of Civilization Reviewed by
Chauncey Parke.
Resort to the Ballot Advised as a
Means of Reforming Polit
ical Condit 0-s-
Preceding the address of the day at the
Good Citizenship meeting yesterday after
noon at Metropolitan Temple T. J. "Weaver
recited a poem entitled "The Trembling
of the Nations," describing the conditions
in preparation of war existing through
out Europe.
Chauncey Parke was the speaker and
discoursed on "Antagonisms of Civiliza
tion." His address was in part as follows:
It is peculiar to human intelligence to be
asking «he why and wherefore of the known
and unknown. It is tne indication of the su
periority of our intelligence above all others.
Humanity will never cease asking why until
the entire sum of human knowledge is ac
quired. Thought to-day is opposing thought
and we are now asking why this Is so. Antago
nism in life is a fact and has always been a
fact. It is a principle of growth, but we ask
why should this be so. This antagonism is
destructive, but this destruction is only the
promise Of better future things. Antagonisms
grow more complex as civilization advances.
The antagonisms of to-day are largely of a
political, nodal and religous character. What
antagonisms have been engendered by re
ligious inquiry? More than from any other
cause. Simply because man has always at
tempted to inquire regarding tne exact status
of every religion called to their attention.
This brings me to speak ot the antagonisms
of patriotisms— a much-used word, a much
beloved word. Do we ever think what the
patriots of the" {.aft have suffered to give us
what we enjoy to-day ? The amount of patriot
ism that we shall have to-day depends on the
amount of our antagonism or aggressiveness.
Patriotism has been dormant, but it is now
being aroused by the American Protective As
sociation, It has been aioused, however, I
am glad to say, and is now doing its work.
I cannot help but here refer to what I would
call spurious patriotism; I mean priestcraft
patriotism. We have evidence of this kind of
patriotism everywhere.
Mr. Parke then referred in detail to the
course of the Roman church, which he
said was an exemplification of this spuri
ous or priestcraft patriotism. Continuing,
he said:
Who is responsible for political Romanism in
America? 1 think that the agents of political
Romanism have simply done what you and 1
would have done. They took advantage of
their opportunities. And who gave them
these opportunities? You and I. We have
been slumbering too long. But we are not all
to be blamed for this, for many of us have been
too busy struggling to gain a livelihood to pay
attention to the chicanery of the Roman
emissaries, but we have the franchise, and it
Is this we should use to gain a victory over
political Romanism.
"Alio is responsible for political corruption
and pauper immigration? Millions of dollars
are spent in these causes every year. And we
are responsible for their existence, for we do
not sufficiently antagonize them.
Antagonism is the lesson of the hour for
every patriot in the country. We want not
only antagonism of ideas and words, but of
deeds. The antagonism we need is to be ac
complished through votes and it should begin
at the primaries, where we should antagonize
bad men. If we have bad men in office we will
have bad laws and bad government.
Tie lesson for us to learn is to antagonize
and keep on antagonizing.
At the conclusion of the address Chair
man Quitzow called attention to the pri
mary of the 15th and exhorted all the
voters present to attend those primaries
and do their duty to the country. He also
announced that hereafter the small fee
charged for admission to the meetings
would not be made. He stated that the
elections were coming on and that it. was
desired to have the' hall filled at every
meeting.
MISTAKES OF THEOLOGY.
Dr. York Says Caballsm and All
Such Hlsrh Pretensions to Rare
Knowledge Are Frauds.
Dr. York entertained a large and en
thusiastic audience at Scottish Hall last
evening on the subject of "Mistakes of
Theology." After some excellent music
and songs by Mr. Austin and Mrs. Tully
the speaker said :
Mistakes are the common inheritance of
mankind and as a prelude to our lecture
permit me to note some current mistakes
of the past week, which, if not harmful,
tend to add a little spice to our every-day
life as well as to show how easy it is to be
mistaken. We refer to the lecture
by the pretentious Dr. Imber on
Cabalism at Dr. Voorsanger's temple on
last Tuesday evening. We forgive Rabbi
Voorsanger. for the infliction of this so
called mystic lore which proved to be too
misty for our comprehension, and seemed
I to be the vaporings of a disordered mind,
! which is no doubt the source of most of
j the theological . jirajams which have di
verted the human mind from the true
sources of knowledge and promoted super
stition in the name of mystic lore and
Cabalism. And all such * high preten
sions to rare knowledge should be called a
fraud.
We think and our observation and
experience teaches us that conversion from
] one religion to another religion is a harm
! ful mistake, and has little to do in making
men more moral and just, and at the most,
tends to bigotry and bad blood, in all
lands. The spirit of religious propagandism
is apparent in the reply of Rev. Goodwin
to Rabbi Voorsanger in The Call of
Wednesday last, in which he said: "When
a Jew comes to know that the Jewish
religion is merely for the Jewish race,
while Christianity is for all races, he is at
liberty to come out of his shell into a new
and larger world." What a burlesaue on
human reason is this, that the Jewish
religion was only an experiment, for the
special benefit of the Jews, while there
was no provision made for the millions
! outside the Jewish camp.
If it be true, as he affirms, that God
founded the Jewish religion for the salva
tion of the Jews alone, is it not presumptu
ous and a great mistake to say that God's
method is insufficient to that end, and
propose to save them by a different scheme
of later date, after millions have died in
the old faith? Cannot the Jew with
greater consistency establish Jewish mis
sions to convert Christians?
To my mind if Judaism was ever true,
and the work of God, it is true to-day, and
the Ten Commands need no revision.
Theology, like the woman's crazy quilt,
is made up of various patches, and- little
mistakes, which have grown out from a
few great and foundation mistakes upon
which the entire fabric of theology rests,
and which may be named in the following
order: A personal deity, the Mosaic crea
tion, the fall of man and the vicarious
atonement. These are the four corner
stone mistakes from which the creeds
have grown. And through the ignorance
and fear incident to the childhood of our
rate and by the perversion of scriptures
and work of theologians and priests, the
world ha? been filled with contention
about that which in the nature of things
i cannot be proven, and rest alone upon
faith, the basis of all religious mistakes.
Ana it is a remarkable fact that our chief
progress to-day consists in unlearning
what we were taught in our childhood.
CONFERENCE OF SAINTS.
Semi-Annual Assembly of Mormons at
Pythian Castle. ,
The San Francisco, Sacramento and
Stockton branches of the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter Day Saints held a semi
annual conference at Pythian Castle yes
terday.
The morning session was devoted to a
report by Samuel Walker, president of the
Sacramento branch, in which he stated
that the work at the capital city was in a
prosperous condition, a quartet, "Ye Sim
ple Souls Who Stray," by Elder and Miss
Willard Scowcroft, Elder Henry S. Tanner
and Elder J. B. Shepherd; addresses by
Elders Stoff and Hawkins, recent additions
to the missionary force from Utah; an ad
dress on "The Restoration of the Gospel of
the Latter Days," by Elder Scowcroft; the
famous Mormon hymn, "0, My Father,"
and an address, "Elementary Principles of
the Gospel," by Elder Christensen.
In the afternoon Bishop Joseph S. Tan
ner of Payson, Utah, a visitor to the Cali
fornia mission, gave his experience and
ministry among the Saints. The quartet
rendered "Consider the Lilies." This was
followed by brief addresses by Elder
Woodland of San Bernardino and Eider
B.W.Henderson. Eider J. B. Shepherd
gave the solo "Free as a Bird." Elder
Henry Petersen dwelt upon the contradic
toriness of the teachings of the numerous
churches.
Elder Scowcroft sane "Calvary" and
Mrs. Scowcroft "Evening of Prayer," the
solos of the evening service. Elder Shep
herd, president of -the Stockton branch,
Breached on "The Relation of Man to
Deity."
The conference closed with a sermon by
Elder H. S. Tanner, at the conclusion of
which he reviewed the work in California
since the last conference, the establish
ment of branches at Los Angeles, San
Bernardino, San Diego and Stockton, be
sides those already in existence in San
Francisco and Sacramento. He called at
tention to the fact that the congregations
of the castle had increased nearly tenfold
within six months, and that there had
been an encouraging number of additions
to the membership of the church in this
City. .
The ministers in attendance were Henry
S. Tanner, president of the California Mis
sion; J. R. Shepherd, president of the
Nortnern California Conference; Elder
Willard Scowcroft, W. W. Woodland, D.
W. Henderson, _ P. E. Anderson, Joseph
Christensen, Henry Petersen, Joseph Stott
and W. E. Hawkins. _
Nevada's Late Governor.
The First Regiment of Infantry and Troop
A., of the National Guard of California
yesterday afternoon escorted the . remains of
the late Governor Jones of Nevada. The
regiment assembled at the Page-street armory
and from that point marched to the Golden
Gate Undertaking Parlors, at 2429 Mission
street. There the funeral cortege was made up
of the members of the Guard, a detachment of
the Boy's Brigade, a fraternal organization
and friends in carriages. The regiment marched
with reversed armesand the colors were draped
in mourning and escorted the remains to the
fetry-landing. They were placed on the ferry
for transportation to Nevada.
Nature's great remedy. Mitchell's Magic
Lotion always relieves pain and generally
cures. :•'**'•
THE SAN FR AS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
The Number of Inquiries Greater,
but the Sales Are Lim
ited.
A GOOD BUILDING OUTLOOK.
A Number of Auction Sales Announced
, lor This Month— The Week's
Record.
Last week was a comparatively quiet
one in real-estate circles. A general in
crease in the number of inquiries is re
ported, but the number of sales being
made is limited. A number of auction
sales are announced for this month, two
of which will take place this week. All
auctions held thus far this spring have
been in the main successful, and for this
reason brokers -find encouragement in ar
ranging for others to take place in the near
future.
The building outlook is encouraging as
compared with the past two years. Nearly
every week plans are given out for the
erection of a business block or two, the
last notable one being that of the Spring j
Valley Water Company to be erected at
the corner of Geary and Stockton streets |
at a cost of $300,000. At this rate the total
amount of building for the year should
reach very respectable proportions. The
cost for building is perhaps at the lowest
point known for years, and where tenants
can be secured for new structures it is
found profitable to cover desirable build
ing sites with new and more sightly im
provements.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were eighty-three mortgages re
corded last week, aggregating*" $226,210.
The principal ones were:
• By Henry Root, for one year at 6J_ per cent,
$14,000 on property on the southwest side of
Spear street, 137 southeast of Market, 45 :10 x
137:0; by the Columbus Savings and Loan So
ciety, for five years at 7 per cent, $27,500 on
property- at the northeast corner of Dupont
and Vallejo streets, 83:6x150:3; by the Ger
man Savings and Loan Soeietv, for one year at
7 per cent, $11,000 on property at the north
east corner of Page and Buchanan streets.
129x65, and by the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, lor one year at 0"- per cent,
$15,000 on property on the southeast line of !
Mission street, 205 feet northeast of Eighth,
50x80.
The releases granted last week numbered j
fifty-seven, aggregating $213,165. The
largest ones recorded were:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Soeietv,
$14,000, to J. R. Talcott on a lot on tne south
west line of Spear street, 137:6 feet southeast
of Market, 45 :10x137 :6 ; by the same to James
McOevitt, $31,265, on a lot at the northeast
corner of Dupont and Vallejo streets, 150:3 x
83:6; by the same to Roger O'Donnell, $50,000, |
on a lot at the northeast corner of Dupont and
Vallcjo streets, 135:3x83:6; by the same to
Elizabeth R. Sullivan and Will E. mid Rebecca
Fisher. $20,000, on a lot at the northwest cor
ner of Post and Powell streets, 25x00, and by
the same to Roger O'Dounell, $25,000. on a lot
at the northeast corner of Vallejo and Dupont
streets. 135:3x83:6.
The number of deeds recorded last week
was 125.
Twenty-two building contracts, the par- !
ticulars of which are published each day
in The Call, were riled last week, the ag- I
gregate, being $101,214.
AUCTION SALES.
Two auction sales are announced for this I
week. The first one. will be held Tuesday,
the 14th* inst., by Bovee, Toy & Sonntag. j
The list to be offered is an" excellent one !
.and includes the following properties: - —
Residence at 910 Pine street, belonging to '
the estate of Isabella T. Maicinkowski; flats at j
2725-2731 Pine street, belonging to the estate ''
of John Scannell; southeast corner of Central i
avenue and Jackson street; three flats at 1328 !
Hayes street; flats at 1245-1245}. Valencia
street; four flats at 720 to 726 Powell street;
two stores and five flats at 1223 to 1231 Broad
way, and twenty-four tenements on Bridget
place, belonging to the Mezes, besides some
Mission residence property.
On Thursday of this week Baldwin & j
Hammond will offer at auction that very !
desirable block bounded by Baker, MeAl- i
lister and Lyons streets and Golden Gate '
avenue, owned by A. B. McCreery. This !
is the last of a half dozen blocks on the i
park panhandle owned by Mr. McCreery
four years ago, the other five h.ving been j
disposed of at auction. This last block
has been divided into thirty-seven lots.
The streets are all graded and cement side
walks surround the property. Side sewers, !
gas and water mains connect with the lots j
fronting on Baker and McAllister streets
and Golden Gate avenue. As this is re- |
garded as very desirable property, a large j
attendance and lively bidding at the sale
are anticipated. As in former sales there i
will be no limit or reserve in price.
Easton, Kldridge & Co. are preparing a j
catalogue of choice miscellaneous proper- !
ties which they will offer at auction on
Tuesday, April 21. This same firm, will i
on Saturday, the 25th inst., seli at auction i
in conjunction with W. J. Dingee, sixty
desirable lots in Berkeley, located in the : j
Hillegass Tract.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag will hold an auc- j
tion sale on or about May 1, the catalo gue
for which is now in preparation.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. are arrang- j
ing for an auction sale of choice miscel- I
laneous properties in the near future.
H. E. Coffey, in charge of the City de- I
partment of O'-'arrell & Co., is arranging j
for that firm an auction sale to occur the |
latter part of the present month.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. are listing proper- j
ties for an auction sale that will take place
May 18. j
SALES REPORTED.
O. F. yon Khein & Co. have sold the
half of a 50-vara, 68:9x68:9, on the east
side of Montgomery street, between Broad- I
way and Vallejo, with improvements for
$11,000.
Jacob Heyman reports the sale of a I
four-room cottage and lot 50x70 on the
east line of Roscoe street. 200 feet south of
Crescent avenue, for $1650.
Will E. Fisher A Co. have recently,
effected the following sales: A lot 85x95
on the northeast corner of Folsom and
Twenty-fifth streets for $3300; a lot 25x95
on the north line of Twenty-fifth street, j
95 feet west of Folsom, for $1670; three
lots on Fclsom street, between Twenty- i
fourth and Twenty-fifth, 25x122 each, for
$2170 each ; a lot 25x120 on the west line
of Second avenue, 200 feet south of
Clement, for $1000; a lot 25x125 on the
east line of Chattanooga street, 129 feet
south of Twenty-first, for $1250, and a lot
25x120 on the east line of Tenth avenue,
100 south of Lake, for $700.
Sol Getz & Bro., Crocker building, re
port the sale of lots norm and south of the
park, on which purchasers have built
homes as follows:
A lot 50x20 on the west line of Ninth ave
nue, 150 feet south of L street, on which Al
bert Hoffman is erecting a six-room cottage
lot 25x120 on the west line of Ninth avenue!
125 feet south of L street, on which Mrs. Mary
Mackinson is building a five-room cottage, and
a lot 25x120 on the east line of Seventeenth
avenue, near Clement street, on which A. L.
Holder has built a cottage. The firm has also
sola the following properly: Lot 32:6x100 on
southwest corner of X street and Ninth ave
nue for $1000; lot 50x120 on -west line of
Ninth avenue, 125 feet south of X street, for
$1300; lot 25x100 on north line of California
street, 82:6. west of Twenty-third avenue tor
$600; lot 25_120 on east line of Eighteenth
avenue, 128 feet north of Clement street, for
$500: lot 25x120 on east line of Twentieth
avenue, 325 feet south of Point Lobos avenue
for $450; lot 25x91 on north line of California
street, 135 feet, west of First avenue, for $1000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report the following
list of recent sales:
Improvements 1508, 1510, 1512 Fulton and
lot 25x137:6, $6350; improvements and lot
25x127:6, north line of Washington street
130:6 west of Buchanan, $4612; lot 30x91'
east line of Lyon street, 32:8 south of Jackson,'
$2400; improvements 2318 Howard street and
lot 01 :6x122 :6, $8700 ; improvements . and lot
27x90, northeast corner of Twenty-second and
Guerrero streets, $6750; lot 50x87:6, south.
east line of Howard street, 87:6 northeast of
Twelfth, $6600; improvement 214 and 2141.
Fair Oaks street and lot 31:6x117:6 to an
alley, $4200; lot 25x162, east line of Noe
street, 180 north of Fourteenth, ¥1650;
improvements and lot 26x100, east line of
Wisconsin street, 278 north of Sierra, $900;
improvements 412 Seventeenth street, and lot
20x90, $3050; lot 25x120, east line of Seven
teenth avenue, 175 south of J street, $350; im
provements 740 Tehama street and lot 24x75,
irregular, $2300; lot 25x100, north line of D
street, 82 west of Sixteenth avenue, $2000;
improvements 412 Eureka street and lotsox
134:3, $2300; lot 25x100, east line of Missis
sippi street, 75 north of Solano street, $925;
improvements 24 Hunt street and lot 20x55,
$1400; a trade of flats and lot 25x125 at 25
and 25 1 Johnson avenue at $3500 for a ranch
in Sonoma County; and the following probate
sales: Improvements 206 Twenty-fourth street
and lot 25x100. north side, 100 east of Ala
bama street, $1725; lots 7,8,9 and 10 in block
4, West End Map 2, $450.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
The Burnham & Marsh Company, now
located at 428 Montgomery street, will
move to more central and commodious
quarters at 628 Market street, opposite the
Palace Hotel, the latter part of this month.
A new official map of the City and
County of San Francisco is now being pre
pared under the supervision of ex-City
and County Surveyor W. P. Humphreys.
This is the first official map prepared since
1870, and the need for such a work is so
pressing that its completion will be gener
ally welcomed. Mr. Humphreys has been
encaged on the work for several months
and hopes to finish it in a very short time.
SUNDAY AT EL CAMPO
Opening of the Pleasure Grounds
on the Shore of San
Pablo Bay.
There Was an Immense Crowd That
Sought Enjoyment in the Shady
Dells and Verdure-Clad Hills.
Yesterday was the opening day of El j
Campo by the sea, and as the day was I
bright, the atmosphere clear and bracing,
thousands visited the beautiful spot in
Marin County, which during the winter
months had been closed.
The big ferry- Ukiah made four trips
during the day, and on all but. the last
trip she was crowded with pleasure-seek
ers. It was estimated that she carried over
on those three trips more than five thou- j
sand people. On the first boat there were a
great many citizens with their families,
who went over to enjoy the morning j
] breeze and early sunshine, and then to i
j lunch under the wide-spreading branches !
I of the many trees that abound there. j
| There were many who climbed the hilltops i
to obtain a view of the magnificent pano
rama that is presented from these eleva- |
lions. Others found pleasure in wandering !
in the dells in search of the modest mai- j
den-hair fern that abounds there, or on
the plateaus, gathering the golden poppy,
the bluebells, the marguerite and other '
' charming flowers that were there as a
spring offering to the visitors.
The pleasure-ground at this time is at
its best, and the fragrance of the blossoms
ii a welcome change from that of the City.
Blum's band furnished music in the big
pavilion for those who wished to dance,
and those who indulged in this pastime
were not few. Then there many who
: found amusement and healthful exercise
I in rowing on San Pablo Bay, and there
i were those who carried away forcible re
j minders of this in blistered hands.
During the afternoon quite a number of
! parties, with guitar, banjo and mandolin,
sought secluded spots and found enjoy-
I ment in singing the good songs of old an l -
i many of the new ones, the latest vocal
I craze, "Ma Angelina," being the favorite. ■
j These concerts were listened to by many <
' of the picnickers, who were attracted to the'
. sites by the music.
The boat that left El Campo at 3 o'clock
: in the afternoon brought back a great
! number of the families that did not want
| to join in the crush that there was on the
! last boat.
There was a strong force of police on the
! rounds to preserve order. Their presence ;
j ad a salutary affect on some of the late ;
j comers, who manifested a desire to run j
j the dancing platform.
REV. W. R. GOODWIN ILL.
j Hell Confined to His Home by an At
tack of *Carnyi.itlß.
The Rev. W. It. Goodwin, pastor of the
I California - street Methodist Episcopal
| Church, did not occupy his pulpit yester
! day. For several days he has been con
i fined to his home by illness, and at one
j time his condition was considered quite
| serious. He is suffering from laryngitis,
j but yesterday was somewhat better. He
I is still under the doctor's care. Should he
j recover sufficiently during the week to en-
I able him to resume hi 3 pulpit next Sun
; day he will, at the evening service, preach
! the first of a series of eight sermons on
I practical themes. The first of these will
l be on "'Popular Amusements." to be fol
i lowed by "Causes and Cure of Poverty,"
j "Secular and Church Gambling,", "The
; Proper Use of Tobacco," "What San Fran-
I cisco Needs," "Romanism and Christian
j Science" and "Faith Healing."
The cavity of the middle eat is about the
size of a kidney bean.
NEW TO-DAT. " •
Wricocele
| Twisted, swollen, painful, weakening in its effects upon the
vital powers, the direct cause of thousands of cases of general
nervous exhaustion, debility and decay. This is Varicocele in ■
the veins of the vital parts. It is perhaps the most dangerous of
the many results of early indiscretions. It drains the vital pow-
ers in that slow, treacherous manner which leaves no sign of its
terrible effect until "the awful* work is done — until the whole
nerve force, the foundation of mental, physical and vital strength,
is undermined and manhood destroyed. Doctors have tried
every known means in their attempts to cure it, and have usually
given it up with the advice that it will not be a serious matter.
But this is only their way of excusing themselves for their help-
lessness. It is a serious matter, as is proven by the thousands of
physical wrecks it has caused. But it can be cured by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
-- - '.*:- --v.; -r"- - . ■ - * *-"
§LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 14, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I bought one of your strong-power
Belts for Varicocele, accompanied by weakness. My case was of long
standing and was aggravated by the use of all kinds of medicine,
from which 1 found no relief until I used your Belt. I found good
results as soon as I applied it, and in a short time the veins in the
scrotum became very much reduced. Now, I want, to testify to the
great good your Belt has .lone me and take great pleasure in recom'
mending it. Truly yours, GEO. E. NASH.
Fifth and Crocker streets, Los Angeles.
There is not another remedy in the world
to-day which has received the favorable men-
tion that has been given Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt. In many forms of disease and weakness
in both men and women it has proven effective
and deserves a trial. Full information and
price list in the book "Three Classes of Men," free. Call or
address
Js___.->3rx_»_____*_r _E.l_i__3oT_-1.10 CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday*, 10 to 1.
yy —-OFPIOIS _ft_T— — -
LOB ANGELES, CAL. ■? I ;y PORTLAND/OR.
804 -outb Broadway. J 293 Washington street
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES
Ready to Receive Proposals
for Filling the Presi
dio Marsh.
RESULT OF POWDER TESTS.
The Battle-Ship Oregon May Ec Com
mancled by Commodore Allen
V. Read.
Proposals for filling in the marsh of the
Presidio, which lies between the road
leading from the post to the wharf and
the eastern boundary of the reservation,
will be invited this week by Colonel A. S.
Kimball, the chief quartermaster of the
department. Contractors will have the
option of doing the . work by pumping
sand from the bay, carrying sand from
the dunes back of the life-saving station,
or moving the material from the clay
bank immediately adjoining the fill. ;"?>•'
An allowance of $25,000 for this work has
been authorized ' by the department at
Washington. Last week Colonel Kir
n; ball was advised by the Quartermaster-
General that the expenditure of $2000
was authorized to extend and perfect the
sewer system at Benicia barracks. This
allowance will enable sewer connection to
be made with the barracks and officers'
quarters.
. General James W. Forsyth, the depart
ment commander, accompanied by his
aid, First Lieutenant J. Franklin Bell,
left the City for San Diego barracks last
Thursday for the purpose of mating the
annual inspection of that post.
•' First Lieutenant J. F. Reynolds JLandis,
inspector of small arms practice, left for
San Diego last Thursday to inspect the
target range at that post.
Another bicycle collision recently oc
curred on the hospital grade at the Pre
side In this accident two young ladies
standing near the fruit stand were knocked
over. One received a black eye and the
nose of the other was somewhat battered
and bled profusely. The wheelers were
young women and their apologies were
quite as effusive as the flow of the blood
from the wounded. The same old story
was told of losing control of the pedals.
Private Meyer, Troop I, Fourth Cavalry,
recently found a small silver watch on
McDowell avenue, Presidio. The watch
is at the adjutant's office, where the owner
may obtain it by proving property.
Wagoner David S. Brodeck, Fourth Cav
alry, recently used insulting language to a
sentinel in violation of the sixty-second
Article of War, and for this conduct, pre
judicial to good order and military dis
cipline, he was sentenced by court-martial
to hard labor for two months and to for
feit. $10 of his pay per month for two
months.
Lieutenant-Colonel L. S. Babbitt, ord
nance department, Benicia, has been or
dered to inspect the sea coast carriages at
Fort Point.
Lieutenant-Colonel Evan Miles, First
Infantry, and Major Trelly McCree, Fifth
Artillery, have been detailed as members
of the examining board at the Presidio to
relieve Captains Morris and Hills during
the examination of Captains Constant
Williams. Seventh Infantry,' Edward G.
Mathey, Seventh Cavalry,' and E. C. Gil
breath, Eleventh Infantry.
The Secretary of War has detailed Lieu
tenant John H. Whooly, Fourth Infantry,
as professor of military tactics at the Uni
versity of Washington, Seattle. ■
. Two troops of the Seventh Cavalry at
Fort Sheridan have been assigned to duty
in Arizona.
Colonel Shaffer. First Infantry, Angel
Island, has applied for a leave of absence
coveiing a period of ten weeks. He ex
pects to take his wife to Bakersfield, hop
ing that change of climate will restore her
health.
In the recent experiment with Santa
Cruz powder at Fort Point the required
velocity of 2000 feet a second was prac
tically attained, but the pressure in the
12-inch gun was not reduced to the limit
specified.
The flagship Philadelphia, Admiral
Beardslee, was at Santa Barbara at last
official accounts.
The coast-defender Monterey is at Se
attle, but will soon be docked at Port
Orford.
The cruiser Olympia, flagship of the
China station, and the cruiser Charleston
are in Oriental waters. -.;yc
The President has nominated Captain
Allen V.Reed to be commodore in the navy.
Under the President's directions a condi
tion of Captain Reed's promotion is that
his efficiency in the command of a vessel
inactive service shall be approved. Under
the ruling an officer of his'grade is entitled
to command one of the biggest and finest
ships of the navy. The report is current
that Secretary Herbert will detail him to J
command the Oregon. Several applica
tions for the command of the battle-ship
have been tiled with the Secretary of the i
Nary.
The work of getting the Oregon ready for j
her official trial trip is going forward with j
vigor at the Union Iron Works.
_-,,,,]-, . ,-,,-, ,-■-,..,- .,,,,.'...'. HE***"****" TO-DAT.
After the Sale JtL.
Is Over — I§P
You will hear any number of persons say
that they would have bought a lot if they
had supposed we would sell them "so cheap."
Don't permit yourself to be on the "absent
list," but attend the sale. The property is
that beautiful block bounded by McAllister,
Golden Gate avenue, Baker and Lyon
streets — subdivided into 37 building lots.
Terms, only 4 cash. Every lot will be sold
WITHOUT LIMIT or reserve
NEXT THURSDAY,
APRIL 16th,
At 12 o'clock Noon.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
Auctioneers,
10 Montgomery Street.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHP.ONIO
diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles,' disorders'
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power la either men
or women; emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
baahfulness. falling memory and all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Strio-
tore and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your trouble* If living away from th.
city and advice will be given you free of charge.
Address , „ F. L. s*AEANY, M.D., .
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
San Francisco, Oat.
#ARNYS\
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not. been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4 p. it.
o______________^N
patents! x)
_______________^r>^_f
120 MARKET ST.S.f^^
! LEA & PERKINS'
t SIGNATURE !
\ /**% * id m aTI vf '
1^ C^^^ printed in T^T^__B_L'r?'i /// _/i fl fi _f-f^ '
J BLUE, diagonally Wn^-SWifc.
• across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
* _H___|--____H__B__E____P-__H__^^
* -■^■----r^___Y___r_-ii_ __J _•■ I J tc__ky_i._w-_
• liyiw«*l_3<;jr.lkK_lcf-iiiH<
» < , yp_g^Bjyyy ,^sjM'^
' The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro-
* tection against all imitations.
I Agents for the United State*. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y.
FLOWER FESTIVALS,
FIESTAS,
ROSE CARNIVALS,
and the like, will be the delight of California
for the next two or three months.
Santa Barbara Flower Festival, the fam.
of which is world-wide, and the glory of which,
like that of Solomon, is not half told, opens
April IS. Queen Flora will reign 3 days an
arbitrary and absolute despot.
La Fiesta de Zo* Angeles, now fixed li-
the chronology of California feasts, and not
less illustrious than its older prototypes, com-
mences April 22, and the riot of fun will
spread over 4 days.
The Carnival of Bote*, to take place in
San Jose May 6th to 9th, inclusive, though a
more recent candidate for favors of the fun-
loving world, yet because of the limitless possi-
bilities of the Garden City for anything that is
made of roses, is quite as full of promise.
REDUCED RATES
Will be made by the SOUTHERN PACIFIO
COMPANY for all these brilliant events. Ar-
range your programmes accordingly and call
on agents for particulars.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF PHARMACY,
Department of Pharmacy, "University of
California.
NOTICE TO STUDENTS.
THE ENTRANCE EXAMINATION AND MA-
* triculation will take place on TUESDAY, April
14th, at 9 a. UL, at the college, 113 Fulton street.
W. M. BEARBY, Dean.
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
The Red Men Organize a New
Tribe in Woodland, Yolo
County.
CHOSEN FRIENDS' COUNCIL.
Amendments Offered by the Foresters
of America— The Knights of
Honor— Fatriotic B. B's.
■
Order "Eastern star,
A new chapter with seventeen name? on the
charter list was instituted by Past Patron L. D.
Rockwell at Compton Inst week.
Eureka Chap; of ..ami is celebrated its
fourth anniversary last Wednesday. There
was a large attendance and the reunion was a
atone. The grand officers were present,
as were also a large membership of Golden
Gate, Carita, Ivy and Oakland chapters.
Ivy Chapter was visited last week by Grand
ratron Merritt and Past Grand Most Worthy
Matron Mrs. Mary A. Flint.
("olden Wave Chapter of San Leandro will
hold a district meeting next Friday.
This week the grand patron will visit Wel
come Chnpter at Shasta. Daring the past week
he paid a sit to Kingsley Chapter at Ukiah,
and on that occasion there was present a large
delegation from Clear lake Chapter of Lake
port. I.ake County.
The living pictorial representation of Tenny
son's "A Dream of Fair Women" that will be
offered in Golden Gate Hall on Thursday' even
ing promises to be one of tne most artistic af
fairs of the kind ever offered by any organiza
tion of ladies, and there certainly should be
a. audience to crowd the hall to its fullest.
The Odd Fellows,
The forty-fourth annual communication of the
Gratvl Lodgp of California will convene in Odd
Fellows' Hall on Tuesday. the 12th of May, com
mencing at 9 o'clock In the morning. The repre
sentatives and past -rands who have not received
the Grand Lodge Degree will bare to present
themselves -o the committee on credentials half
an hour before the opening of the --ion.
A new 10-I_e will be Organized at Bridgeport.
Mono County, on the 14th inst. This will be
known as Bridgeport i«!i" No. :ts^.
A ne" lodire of the Rebekahs was organized Sat
urday night a* Pacific ('rove by Grand President
Fannie Benjamin.
The sixth monthly serial to be given by the Odd
Fellows*. Literary and social committee will take
place a <><!.! Fellows' Hall on the night of the 23d
inst.
Grand Secretary Shaw and Past Master Fox left
on Friday afternoon for a visit to the Home at
Thermal ito. liny will be absent until to-day.
Cast Monday Grand Patriarch Reid visited Santa
Rosa, and on Thursday he was in Petaluma.
There is some tal_ of organising a new encamp
ment at Benicla.
Native »>ons of the Golden West.
Grand True Garrett visited Broderlck Parlor
at Point Arena last week. He visited Central
Parlor on Saturday.
The Curly Bears met In the cave of Alcazar
Parlor last Wednesday and converted five cubs
into full-fledged brutes.
The annual election of the hoard of relief was
held Friday nirht and the old officers were re
elected. H. -. Milzner, president; A. Bahwyier,
vie --president: Henry Lunstedt, set retarj : and J. :
J. Dunn, treasurer.
Piedmont Parior celebrated its seventh anniver
sary by a dance Last Wednesday.
Hi.-; will he a contest between this City, San :
Jose, Watson villa and other cities yet to b -"heard
from for the nex; jr.. ml parlor: but Stockton is
regarded as the place for holding the next Admis- ;
sion Day celebration.
Golden Gate Parlor cave a high jinks in the new I
ha! lin Tuesday evening, and it was an -as o-i (
thai will be remembered with pleasure by all who i
participated.
California Parlor No. 1 has elected the following
named as delegates to the llrand Parlor that Bto
convene in San Luis Obispo on the 27th of this
month: Mr. John F. Morse, W. W. shannon, W.
D. --ie-a. lames P. Dockery, Harry Lachman and
Leon : <• nnery.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
El I'a.iaro Parlor of Watsonville gave a leap-year
party in the opera house last Friday.
Veritas Parlor has made arrangements for a
r!r«i-c!ass entertainment on Wednesday next.
A new parlor will soon be organized at San
Miguel, San Luis Obispo county.
Amapola Parlor of Sutter Creek Rave a very
pleasant entertainment last month, the evening ]
being devoted to Bryant' The programme Included
"Death of the Flowers," by Sarah Turner; ■Thana
topsis," Anna Nixon: -The Life of Bryant,"
Laura Fakes, and 'Waiting." by Margaret Payne,
The members of Golden State Parlor will give a
leap-year party in the banquet hall of the Native
Sons on next Wednesday evening. The entertain
. ment will be In aid of the flag fund of the parlor.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
state Councilor Henry C. Schaertzer will leave
'on the 16tb for the south, starting one day earlier
than he anticipated. He will visit Mod. Mer
ced and Fresno for the purpose of organizing coun
cils in those places. On the 19th he will be in
Tuiare, on the 20:h be will visit Union Council in
I ••- Angeles, on the 'Jlst he will visit Pasadena, on
• the 22d he will take in Riverside, on the 23d he
- will be at san Diego, on the 24th he will call on
John C. Fremont Council, and on the 23th will
return to Los Angeles. On the 27; h he will visit
Monro. unejl at Alameda and there he will be
greeted by neatly all the Mate officers and by Cali
fornia Coinmandery No. 1 md welcomed hack.
The committee on supplies met on Saturday and
iii accordance with instructions . from the "State
board of officers the committee decided upon cer
tain supplies in the line ot printing tnat the coun
cils will have to secure from the proper authorities.
(ieorge A. Custer Council of Oakland will to
- morrow night give an entertainment In Fraternal
Hall tor 'he purpose of raisin? funds tor the
Orphans' Home a- Tiffin, Ohio.
Starr King Council has appointed a committee
10 meet other committees irom other councils in
-this City for the purpose Of arranging an enter
tainment for the benefit of the. Orphans' Home,
(me cottage has already been erected on the site
• recently secured.
State' Vice-Councilor Griffiths of Newcastle.
Placer County, was In this City several days last
•week. He reports that he will shortly organize
three councils In his county.
Daughter* of Liberty.
California Council No. 1, Daughters of Liberty,
gave a very entertaining party in Pythian Castle
last Wednesday night.
Oakland Council No. 3 has appointed a commit
tee to nidke arrangements for an* entertainment
on the 30th inst. This council has changed its
i meeting night from Friday to Thursday, and It Is
gaining rapidly In membership.
Improve.'. Order or Red Men.
Shawnee Tribe. No. 83 was instituted in Wood
,land by -'rent Sachem A. Jackson, assisted by the
great chief of records, C. F. Hurgni-n. The peti
tion for a charter contained the names of thirty
four signers, and all but one were adopter! Into the
order. The following are chiefs of the new tribe:
li. V. Prlndle. S. ; J. J. Ward, Sr. S. ; \v. _.' \- vans'
. Jr. s. ; K. it. Snaveley, P.; D. B. Bidwell, C. of it*;'
W. It i inn. C. of W.; Janson Wat kins. K. of W. • J
■It. Baker, first sannap; .1. Tillman, second sannap'
P. Vellstrup, (J. of W. ; W. .11. A: Mossmanger
Charles Sovereign. Fred Suavely and H. Bean
. warriors, and J. A. Fortune, Robert Kastham, J__
I- Clark and J. Mai pied braves. A full adoption
and degree team from the tribes of Sacramento es
i-isted se great chiefs In the institution of the
tribe There were present during the ceremonies
ihirty-four Red Men from Consumr.es, Bed Jacket
and Bed Cloud tribes..
A good attendance greeted the great sachem at
Auburn when he visited. officially, Miami Tribe
A lahfaee was adopted. There 'long talks and
corn and venison were served. Miami Tribe is the
borne of Great Prophet Seavy, and it is prospering.
The great chief also visited Delaware Tribe at
Newcastle, when two palefaces were adopted to
show the distinguished visitor that the braves of
the tribe are still alert.
Foresters of America.
The Grand Court of the Foresters of America
■will convene in Watsonville on the sth of May
and the reception committee is actively at work
making the necessary preparations. On Tuesday
there will be a reception and parade, on Wednes
day there will bean entertainment for the repre
sentatives, on Thursday a dance, and on Friday a
banquet. The ('rand court will be in session from
Tuesday till Satur-ay, May 9. Since the last pub.
lication of amendments to be offered the following
have been received by secretary C.H.Bremer:
That officer, must continue in the duties of their
respective offices until the installation of their suc
cessors notwithstanding the fact that their resig
nations have been presented and accepted; to pro
vide for ii presiding officer to act In case of the
absence or disability of the grand chief
ranger or sub grand chief ran«er; *to al
low mileage to but one delegate . from
each court; to provide for a committee on corre
spondence; to substitute "Roberts' Rules" for
"Cnshlng -Manual"; to allow subordinate courts
to adopt a modified Australian system "for the elec
tion of officer*: to Increase the minimum of bonns
required or tr-asurers: to limit the amount a treas
urer may hod; id permit members of the order be
coming sureties on bonds for officer, of the order
to prohibit subordinate courts from Incorporating
to permit applicants for membership to place their
applications in any court they may desire and to
give members of the order the right to apuly to
liny physician of the order for medical or surgical
treatment.
The contract for the new regalia provides that
three hundred sets shall be delivered to the
supreme secretary by the Ist of May.
As the committee to whom the matter was re
ferred proposes to fully test the new ritual before it
Is issued to the fraternity there is no certainty as to
the time when it will be issued.
The semi-annual reports received by Grand
Secretary Bremer show thai there lias been during
the year a .am of fifty-three courts and 7870
members. The reports on finance show an ii.
crease in tKe surplus fund of $78, 924 21 over and
above that of In- year previous.
Last Thursday evening Court Sutro Heights
received a fraternal visit from the members of
Court Palo Alto. '1 he visit was followed by ad
dresses under good of the order, songs, recitations
and stories by members of both courts.
Loreley Circle, Companions of the Forest, will
give a hot tamalc parly in Alcazar Social Hail on
the 18th inst.
The Independent Foresters.
On the evening of the 29th inst.. Court Diana will
have a public meeting and entertainment, on which
occasion High Chief Banger McElfresh will deliver
an address on the principles of the order. This
court Is making a wonderful record, one of which
it may well feel proud. Its regular meetings always
well attended, Its social gatherings and the system
atic efforts of the officers to draw attention to it,
has resulted in awakening an unusual interest. A
feature of the recent meetings of this court is
Initiations at each of them.
The widow of the late County Clerk, F. C. Brad
ley of Santa Barbara County was, a few days since,
paid s3ooo, the amount of the beneficiary cer
tilicate that bad been made oat in her favor. This
Has done twenty- li ve days after 'the death. Mr.
Bradley had men a member of Santa Barbara
Court bat one year. Despite the croakings of
individuals opposed to fraternal insurance, this is
proof that the Independent Foresters pay, and pay
quickly.
Last Wednesday evening the hi-h chief ranger
was in Bocklin. Placer County, and while there
visited Court Fuller, which held an open meeting. !
Prior thereto there was a business meeting of the
court, at which thirty-one names were proposed
for membership. After adjournment the members
met in the Congregational Church and opened the
doors to a 1 comers. <;. A. McElfresh, the high
chief ranger, delivered a very interesting address,
which impressed the hearers, and after a few re
marks by other members of the order there was
an invitation to participate in a banquet given In
Masonic Hall. •.;.'. zr.;. : - y,
Companions of the Forest, A. O. F.
Ivanhoe Circle will give a "hayseed party" in
Foresters' Hall. 102 u'Farrell street, on the even
ing of the 17th inst. This is a novelty, and those
who are not in the j secret are wondering what it
Is going to be like, while those who are in the
secret will not tell. In the past this circle has had
the reputation of being the banner one for enter
tainments, and It Is asser.ed that this party will
help maintain that reputation.
The Chosen Friends.
Crystal Council initiated a number of candidates
at its last held meeting, the work being performed
for the tirst time in that council by the initiatory
team. This was so well done that the council gave
the team a' vote of thanks. There were present
Orand Councilor Selvege and District Deputy
Councilor D. J. Hartley of Sacramento.
All the arrangements have been completed
for the grand entertainment to be given by
the Doited Progressive Councils in Native
Suns' Hall' on the evening of the 15;
ins:., on the occasion of the reception of • the
delegates of the thirteenth Grand Council. There
will be a literary and musical programme, to be
followed by dancing. Following is the literary and
musical part of the entertainment: Overture, by
the band; welcome address, Thomas H. O'Brien,
V. G. C: adadress, by T. 11. selvage, li. C. ; vocal
solo, Miss Henrietta Bertram; duet (zither and
mandolin). Master Walter and Miss Flattie Kraus
grill; vocal solo. A. L. Tierce; vocal duet, Miss
W'efelsbnrg and Miss Rowena M. Tarrant; vocal
solo, Miss Amy Sefton. The programme printed
in various tints is a very neat, artistic and originaj
one, designed by a prominent member of the or
der. Walter N. Brunt. On the center of the out
side cover there ; re a woman's and a man's hand
clasped, underneath are the seven links represen
tative of the order and above a scroll on which ap
pears the initials O. C. F., F. a. P. The programme
cut to follow the lines of the design will be a hand
some souvenir of an Important event in the order.
Knights of Pythias.
Last Tuesday evening Grand Chancellor Georga
Samuels, in company with Grand Keeper of Rec
ords and Seals H. Schaffner, paid an official visit to
Ivy and Justice lodges that met In joint session
The majority of the membership of each lodge
was present, and there were also many visitors
from other lodges. The visiting officers delivered
addresses that were appropriate, effective, and
that were listened to with much attention and re
ceived demonstrative marks of approval.
The grand chancellor and the grand keeper of
s als and records on Tuesday night also paid a
visit to Mar- Lodge, where more than 100 mem
bers were awaiting them. On that evening the
lodge initiated fourteen candidates, and the- Tues
day before twenty-one. This lodge now has a
membership of 150, and it had been in existence
but three months.
The Knight- of Honor.
The members of Ivy, Far West and Eagle
lodges will give a grand smoker and high jinks In
Social Hall, Alcazar building, on Thursday even
ing, the 'J3d of April, on which occasion there will
be fun. music, a geneial good time and refresh
ments.
The members ofJfKeystone Lodge entertained
their friends in grand style at a smoker in Social
Hall, Alcazar building.
On Saturday evening, the 4th inst.. Germanla
Lodge gave a very fine entertainment. The grand
officers were present, so was Andy Branch, who
delivered an entertaining address, which was
listened to with a great deal of attention,
Last .Monday Union, San Francisco and Con
fidence lodges gave a grand entertainment at
Alcazar tuilding to its many friends. ' --"/ ? ■■■-.
Grand Dictator P. L. Archibald left the City last
Thursday lor a two months' visit through the
southern part of the State. He will visit all the
lodges In that section and will do much to awaken
those lodges that have become dormant.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The Grand Lodge session that will convene In
this City on the 2 1st promises to be as full of in
terest as any that has been held In the past. There
will be a dinner at the Occidental, and West End
Lodge will tender a reception to the members of
the Grand Lodge.
Martha Lodge held an interesting meeting last
Friday night, and it reports that its Easter party
was a great sucsces.
Golden Rule and Magnolia lodges held enthusi
astic meetings during the past week At each
meeting there were many visiting members.
Grand Trustee Mrs. Belle LW. Lowara of sonora
was In this City last week.
Reports up to April 1 received at the office of
('rand secretary Carleton show a gratifying In
crease in membership.
Young -leu's Institute.
The .headquarters committee of the order will
meet this evening for the purpose of discussing
the advisability of securing temporarily more
suitable headquarters.
Manogue Council of Virginia City will celebrate
its ninth anniversary on the Ist of May by a ball
Grand President Lynch and Grand Director A.
R. Denlke visited Alameda Council of Livermore
jresteroay and they were enthusiastically received.
Grand President Lynch, Grand Director Ryan
and Supreme Delegate McGlynn will visit Stock
ton Council on Wednesday, the 18th, the occasion
being the celebration of the anniversary of the
council.' lhe business meeting will be followed by
a banquet.
Roromean Council has appointed the following
named as a committee to make arrangements for
the celebration of its sixth anniversary: John
Riley, H. T. Oaffney, R. J. Dowdell, a. F. Lynch
and M. J. C llonan. The council is considering
the advisability of moving into larger quarters.
Deputy Supreme President Lynch will organize
the Grand Council that is to meet in Haywards,
an.l deputy supreme president, the Rev. Father
P. J. ODea, will organize the Grand Council that
is to meet at Portland.
Ex-Grand Trustee E. R. My rick visited Planchett
Council at Vancouver. Wash., last month. This
council was also visited by Rev. Fathers C. K.
O'Xeil and K. J. o'Riley.
District Deputy Councilor Holt paid a visit to
Cooper Council at Ocean View last week.
Independent Order B'nai B'rlth. ,
Last Monday Unity Lodge held an unusually in
teresting meeting. There were initiations,' and by
special Invitation the grand officers w°re present-
The work was performed by M. Asher as presi
dent, E. Deutsch as vice-president and the Rev.
Mr. Nletoas monitor, and it was performed in so
correct and satisfactory a manner that the work
ers won the open approval of the grand officers
who declared that it was the best, If not the very
best, they had ever witnessed.
The lodges In the City apd in the Interior are all
reporting gains in membership.
Ladies of the Grand Army.
Last Monday evening the members of Seven
Fines Circle, Ladies of the Grand Army of the
Republic, had a house-warming in their new hall.
Native Sons' building. There was a large atten
dance and th? event was. a very enjoyable one
This circle will hold a picnic at Shell Mound Park
on the 2M of May. Mrs. M. A. Sutiinglam has
been appointed secretary vice Mrs. Halpiier, re
signed. 1,1.
The Royal Arcanum.
During the new term Argonaut Council will have
several matters of importance to consider. One of
these will be a movement looking to a reduced
degree fee. "Up to the present time the conserva
tive element in the council has held out for a high
rate and has met with little or no opposition but
the Infusion of younger blood has brought about a
change in the matter referred to.
* M. S. de Roco was .in ; Oakland last week with a
view to organize a council at that point.
Since his election to the office of vice-regent
George W. Dixon has done j much to help the floor
.work... Dr. R. B. .Smith ; has also been an active
worker for the good of the order.
' The programme promised for- the last meeting
in _ pril by Orator Seawell will be one thai, will be
unusually good. Dr. McGiil is listed a? speaker
for the evening.
'ufb'// .Woodmen of the' World. -
Last Monday evening State Deputy de Roco pre
sided at a" preliminary meeting held In Franklin
Hall to establish a new camp in the Western Ad
dition. '■ There was a large and encouraging attend
ance, and temporary officers were chosen. The
work will be completed at a future meeting. To
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896.
judge from the list of candidates, upon which are
the names of many prominent business men who
live in that section of the City, it is safe to say that
the Western Addition camp will be a successful
one.
Progressive Endowment Guild.
Last Wednesday evening San Francisco Chapter
No. 328 met in A. O. F. Hall and initiated two
candidates. The chapter has seventeen applica
tions, which have been referred to the medical ex
aminer. Arrangements are being made for a high
National Reserve Association.
The organizations of the National Reserve As
sociation are reported as being very active at this
time. Deputy Supreme President McPherson is
visiting the different lodges in his jurisdiction, in
stalling the newly elected officers.
Recently Oakland Lodge has taken In nine mem
bers and several candidates are waiting to be ini
tiated.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
Assessments 123 and 124 have been levied and
will be delinquent May 1.
Pacific Castle No. 10 gave a dance in the Al
cazar building on last Saturday evening and all
who attended had a very enjoyable time. There
were handsome men, beautiful women and good
music. - R
American Legion of Honor.
Grand Com maDder Filben and Grand Secretary
Burton were among the many visitors at the house
warming by Myrtle Council in the Native Sous'
building last Wednesday night. There was pre
sented a good literary and musical programme, and
the grand officers delivered addresses.
On Thursday night the membership committee
of the councils held a meeting and after listening
to an explanation of the plan of promotion adopted
by the Associated councils of New York, as given
by W. A. Dundas as announced in The Call of
last Monday, decided to form an association on the
same lines, and when organized it will include the
councils of San Rafael, Oakland and Alameda.
"National Union."
California Council will give a -smoker" in Social
Hall in Alcazar Building on this Monday evening.
A fine programme will be given. The members of
all councils have been invited.
San Francisco Cabinet will pay a prolonged visit
to California Council on Wednesday.
San Jose Council will take part in the Rose fes
tival.
Pacific Council will initiate a large number of
candidates at Red Men's Hall Friday evening.
San Francisco Council has arranged a nice pro
gramme for its meeting next Saturday evening at
320 Post street, General Deputy Wells and corps
of deputies will attend. - ■
HOTEL AEKIVALS.
I GRAND HOTEL
S H Mohrer.Los Angeles J W Good, Illinois
F P Black, San Jose W C Good, Santa Rosa
J J Burger, Stockton II Simmons, lowa Hill
J McOaughran, courtlnd J Eubanks, S L Obispo
W A Kelly, Butte fc> X wall, Eos Angeles
Mrs X Straub, Chicago S Jones, Sacramento
A M Underbill, Indiana D Bass, Sacramento
Mrs Nicolls, Napa W A Sherman, Sacto
Dr 11 T Hudson, Stoektn J M Richardson & w,N V
J D Tall, Sacramento J Feunmore, ash
Miss rt'iiiimore, Wash W c Coot «_ w.Berryessa
M Dnnkelspiel, Birds Ldg _* M McKulght, Bethleh
E !•' Berry, Bethlehem J stanstield, .Minn
T 11 she don, Santa Rosa W F i_.it sou, santa Cruz
S D Ballon, S L Obispo Mrs E M. Doweil, Colusa
A L Young, C'al T Fillen, Angels Camp
W Bruce, Chicago J G Gray, Chicago
Tbonipsou.san Josa J M Pratt, Ban Jose
D F Bur*., Chice R P Fabv, Cal
A Jackson, cal J H Day, N V
T W Brown, Cal F A Brown, Cal
J A Haskell, Cal E J Boy, LompOC
I _ P Fleishman, Fresno J T Rader
j W C t-arlon * wf, Chcgo L M Cheshire, San Jose
j G Goodeil, Stockton F Bartlett, Livermore
] -Mrs 1- Barilett, Livrmre A Wertheimer, Fresno
j N Wines, Santa Barbara G C W'llkius, lied Bluff
PALACE HOTEL.
A Meyer, Bordeaux G L Graeme, England
C H Willis <£ w, Newport G t* Dearborn, w, cfin,
E T Earl, Los Angeies Chicago , . -.-■'}.'■
M McDonald, Columbus Mrs Douglass, Chicago
S Ullman, New York Mrs A 5) ifigelow, Boston
H Bigelow, Boston T T Lane, Angels
W M Lawlor Jr. Boston L Kahn, Oakdale
W c Peyton, Santa Cruz J McMulliu, Fresno
J F Dennis, Reno J D Clarke, New York
Vt BBuckmlnster.Boston 11 Date, New York
R J >• kdney •_ w, i-os An- B J Purslow, Sui Barbara
geles J M Buckmlnster. Boston
Mrs L T Butter, Phlla C W Porter, .New York,
l. li Packer, Syracuse J G Day, Oregon
H Mansfield «.«. w, chlcgo S Nixon, Nevada
I- Cavalli, New York W A Chanter «_ servant
J 0 Follansbee, Mexico W 0 Johnson, Boston
Tl. de Quaiaiu A valet W A Thompson it w, NY
C 11 i '!i\erson, England T P Laßue & w, Pasadna
D B Dewey, Cuicago C Emmett, Aspen
J X Milieu <_ fy, Colo FA uassler <_ w, N York
II T aioane, New York D M Addison, UsN
C D Steams, L" _ .N It urahani, Los Angeles
LICK HOUSE.
J King and wf, San Jose J R Hardy, Cal
Ceo D Allman, Cazuiiero James P Feck, Merced
11 J Finger, sta Barbara A Fisner, Sacramento
Chas W Maier, Pomona J L Belits it wife. Wis
Mrs E C e.alijrailh. Cal A X Whetton, Hun Jose
TEhrenbtrg <_ wf, Napa W h skerrett. Vallejo
A _' (..ray, s>an Jose Ernest Crutcher, Mont
L A Smith, Cal N* G Rogers, Los Gatoa
W J Hillman, c'al R L Mercer, Cal
s Carle, Sacramento L" Corlnjo, -Mexico
J H -.oilins, Kj- L J Collins, Ky
.Mrs _•' tt Wuiting, Ky ST Black, Sacramento
t. B Noble, _ resno W 1) Tupper, 1- resno
FA Molyneaux, Pomona P W Hatch, Agnews
L Bussed, Saratoga W M Wyatt, i resno
J G McLean & w, Seattle C J Woodward, Fresno
C Wayman «_ w, Fresno E J Shatiock, Chicago
Miss J Shattock, Chicago °
BALDWIN HOTEL.
T W Taylor &w,_. V c M Williams Aw, L Ang
A Kirby, I a N" J \v Muttoon, Belvedere
Miss H Anderson, Oklnd T Levy.X V
B Ellis, Oakland EW Williams, Oakland
li L Belcher, sausalito RJ R Aden, Valleio
Miss M Craigen, NY O Johnson, X V
T T Graham, Chicago s J Koflrlquez, Wis
J M Prat,, Boston V R Bell, Bosiou
_ Dargen, X V c M Pratt, St Louis
Mrs C o collet, Canada Q D Davie, Canada *•
J J Rosenthal, N v \v* Wolff A. w, >,* i
H Chiivers, -N V J £_____, Plymouth
T "V Bostwick, Memphis E J Caldwell, Salt Lake
A At L Dderh-U __ w. Ind ..Irs E C Towslne, IS* V
JS* A Hilton, Boston J M Canty, Grayson
E S Rowley, Los Ang C E Davi.s, Chicago
W P Ado, Chicago - * S
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL.
J P Brown, Pueblo T Coppayo, Pueblo
V Rusconi, Santa Clara J Jackson, Fast Oakland
T J Ferguson, Vallejo \V B Rankin, Chicago
1' Miller, .-Stockton 1* Dellauarca, Alaska
II Wilson, Alaska J Dlmmick, san a Cruz
V Adams, Alcatraz J. D Holland, Alcatraz
11 sterns, Oakland James Oakland, Denver
Miss Ellenger.Sinbad Co Miss Toohey, Sinbad Co
Miss Brown, Sinbad Co Miss Sheldon, Sinbad Co
Miss .Ma nay, Sl bad Co J J. Murphy &w, Sacto
H Zlpkie, J Mc'lign, Socramecto
11 Harsh, Brookland J H Sargent it lv, Cal '
Leo Knoblauch, sinbad TB Parker ftw, Weber Co
Condition of the "Dairies. !
The Board of Health made an inspection of
the dairies yesterday. They visited all the
dairies along the San Bruno and Mission roads
and in the Bay. View.- district. All were found
to be in excellent condition. There was also a
notable decrease in the number of diseased
cows.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Ingleside Track.
in races where Ibe torses have no record at the distance to be run. the records at the next nearer
ihterre ere given. *-*" y v
Abbreviations— F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; », about. " ; :i
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling.
Index.
(999)
963 .
99.1
(996)
973 ,
996
997
997
The Judge
1 Rosebud
Gallant
i 01ive......' :
1 Monterey
Cabrilio
Schnitz....
Fortuna
Name,
; Best I
Lbs record. I Dlst,
104 1:1714 6f
95 1:28% 7 f
10J I:3'2U, 71.
96 1:*2834 7 1
100 ! 1:13% I *61
100 l:48Va!/i-/«m
100 1:22 6y a 1
101 1:65 li/s m
109 H..
104 F...
92. Jl.
98 1 F.. .
1031 F...
961 F...
104 F...
104 F...
,'/.. Abrahams
> Burns* Watprhouse
lA. B. rspreckels
E. Corrignn
J. O. Bayley
R.Van Brunt
C. F. Sanders.
Encina stable
Imp. Loyalist- Brit ishQueen
Tyrant-Rosemary
Fellowch'rm- Jennie Belshw
Apache-Virgie
Hidalgo-Glen Ellen
St Savior-im. Liz. Hampton
I'anique-Illla
Imp. Brutus-Viola Rea
Pedigree.
iNI) BA
furlongs; selling.
1006
989 ]
•980 !
92] j
989
989 '
989
(994)
994
987 !
976
479
998
943 ,
Goodwin II
'O'Fleeta
i Ycra^ua
jConchita
i JJOiibtful
! Ida Saver.
Huntsman
Ottyanna.
Ariio
Hyman
Candor
1 Al vero
Daylight
, A suiand Eclipse
I Best
Lbs record. Dlst.
106 1:1 5 6f
103 1:09 6V a f
92 1 :56 41/2 1
104 no rec .. '.....".
92 1:191/2; 6f
101:1:19 *«f '
106 1:07 ' 5f
103 1:101,4 5i/ 2 f
103 1:0 1/4. 6 1
106 1:08 si/2 1
107 1:0314 5 1 .
92| 1:061/4! 5f
95 1 !
|103i1:07V3i 6f
Lbs Tk. Owner.
11l F... : Burns* WaterhouiC
100 F...JJ. jm. Buckley
106 ; F.. . ; a venue stable
1 — 1 Lone stnble I
10:tH.. 11. Ezell.
100 H.. S. L. Beli .""
133!H..P. Herzog....' j
109; Fa. 'X CorriKHn I
101,F... ; Murphv <t Butler..
93 F... 1 Alma Dale stable..
108 Fa. F. Phillips |
106 :H. . Hanta Anita stable.
....!.... J. (i. Jirown & Co..
107, H.. 1 Dr. Rowell . j
Imp. Illusetl-Little Hopes
jllarry O'Fallan-Fleeta
| Sin fax- Part isana
limp. Frißr Tuck-Pink
I Doubt- -Natcti itochea
! Joe Hooker-Addle O'Nell
j Prince Korfolk-Uaidee
ionondaga-Miss Might.
Icyclone-Wanzu
Himyar-Mai-'gie B
1 Imp. uarebln-Miss Clay
iUauo-Lilllta
'Coloma- Laura D
jLoeic-Blue Stockings
TJIIRD RAi
of a
; selling.
Name.
I Best
Lbs' record.
Lbß Tk.
093 Mt.MeGregorll
97 1 I M a.ior Cook
99H iMohalaska
986 j George Miller...
998 ! Easel
Quoin
(986)|\Vm. Plnkerion
1 93 1 :0784 SV, f
!104 1:1134 *(if
HS 1 :16i'4 6f
118 l:08V« 6V2 1
92 1 :50 i/ 2 m
|105 i "...
I 90,1:08 6y 2 f
96 F..
100 F..
103 F..
11l F..
108jF..
"84; F.;
BurnsdiWaterhouse!
Livingston stable . .
E. ( orrigan !
W. L. Stanfleld j
Woodlawn stable . . j
Day Star-Miss McGregor
Bulwark-Sister to Violet
Aparhe-Trickery
l.oftin-Kmma
Ben Ali-Ezza
S. C. Hildreth '.'.'.'.'.'.\
Shannon- Fannie Lewis*""
jShannon-Fannie Lewis
JOURTH RACE-
and a sixteenth
Index.
1001 Foremost
939 I Seaside
988 Paros
952 j Fred Gardner. . .
974 Pollock
1001 iTrix
974 iCamelia
644 Long Lady
(1003) ! Dtingarven
-•■> 7 ':; I Best: I ;; ■■'■•? 7-V.J,
Lbs I Record! Dlst; j
100 1:49% ! 1 /-/Cm
102 1:15. ! «f
94 1:041/4 5 1
110 I:42V* 1 m
91|l:l«i4 : »6 f ■•-'•'.
104 1:55 iy 8 m
86 ."../. . . ;  '.. .;.'. I
92 1:13 *6 f
107 1:5034 1 11-ISm \
I
I Lbs Tk.
j 92 ! F. . :
10ft F. .
103 H..
104 If. .
106|H..;
|105iF..
|105|F...
I 99iH..
A. B. Spreckels
P. Siehenthaler....
J. Carroll.
F. M. Tay10r'.;.....
IZ. Abrahams
.Country Club stable
E. Corrigan j
, Bu rnsiVVatorhouse
IL. Kzell I
j Klood-iinp. Queen Bess
Imp. Maririer-Marin
jimp. Keene-Gray Sail
Luke Blwkburn'-Enfilade
Imp. Rossinirton-Marjorie
freeman-Annie L
Longfellow- Miss Howard
Majur Ban-Decoy Durk
Hindoo-imp. Calp.iurnia
K.\
mile: selling.
Index.
1006 I Unity
999 'Kowalsky
983 iHAzard
(997) Joe Terry
997 I Bey d. Bandidos
! Best I I i ~" " " : j — — —
A — Name. , ; Lbs record. I Dlst. I Lbs Tk. Owner. | Pedigree.
KSwalsky" SI l^Wl I?J§ XW' F'F^'^—^ I-«p. Rosslngton-Unite
E7li^llg o " 9 !!^'^^^^
SIXTH BACE-Hall a ajUe; BeUlng; two-year-olds. Entries close 9a. m. Monday. .-.""-
-97 1:1 3y
9411:45%
94 1:30 a
94 1:43% I
97 j 1:42 !
* 6f
1 m
]7f
Jim
lm
SOCIETY WILL APPLAUD
Mrs. Hager's Private Theatricals
at the N. S. G. W. Hall
To-Night.
COTILLON AT THE PALACE.
Nuptials of Edwin Fish, the U. C. Foot
ball Coach, and Miss Mamie
Jones.
The eventful day has at last arrived, and
society stands ready to applaud the fash
ionable amateurs who are sure to cover
themselves with glory at Mrs. Hager's
private theatricals this evening.
The performance will begin at 9 o'clock
sharp, and will be preceded by three liv
ing pictures— "The Summer Moon," in
which Miss Thomas and Miss Hoffman
will pose; "Reveries," with Miss Daisy
Van Ness, and the celebrated "La Tosca"
of Harburg, which will find a fair proto
type in Mis. Alice Hager.
The comedy "A Modern Ananais" will
conclude the performance, and will be
produced with the following distinguished
cast:
Lysander Lyon, M.D. (with a vivid
imagination';, Frank Mathie: Colonel
Lyon (with, a forgiving disposition), Al
exander Ro.-borou_h; Derby Dash wood
(with a Picadilly accent), Edgar Peixotto;
Frances (with an elastic conscience),
George de Long; Baby (a little tootsee
wootsee), Frank Owen; Nellie Golden
Gate (with a fickle fancy). Miss Hough
ton; Prudenoe Mayflower (with New Eng
land notions), Miss Goodsall; Kitty (with
so much a month and board), Hose
Hooper.
The . following gentlemen will act as
ushers: E. H. Sheldon, Horace Piatt,
Walter L. Dean, R. J. Horton, Samuel
Boardmnn, S. J. Buckbee, N. B. Heath, E.
N. Bee, Frank Van Ness and Al Williams.
There was a pretty though quiet
home wedding on Saturday morn
ing at the residence of the bride's
mother, 2410 Folsom street, where
Edwin Fish, first football coach of the Uni
versity of California, was united to Miss Mamie
Jones, the Rev. W. W. Case officiating. After
the ceremony there was a wedding breakfast,
and then the young couple left on the steamer
Santa Rosa for a bridal trip to the southern
part of the State. The groom is widely known
among the devotees and admirers of football.
lie was for some years a member of the famous
Wesleyan University eleven, which for five
years gained such decided victories over such
teams as Union of Michigan, Williams, Am
herst, Rutgers, Trinity, etc., without being
once scored against and which defeated the
Harvard team once, 12 to 0, also the University
of Pennsylvania, three out oi five games and
second against Yale and Princeton.
The young groom is also a prominent mem
ber of the Chi Pel Fraternity and was instru
mental in establishing chapters of the fra
ternity, both at Stanford and at the University
of California.
Mr. Fish has also been employed on the
various City papers as an expert writer on the \
game he so worthily represents.
There was a brilliant gathering of the mem- !
bers of the Entre Nous Cotillon Club and their <
friends in Staple Hall Friday evening. One of I
the special guests of the evening was Mrs. L.
Estranda of the Calati ranch. Sonoma, who is j
at present visiting here.
The early part of the evening was given over
to general dancing, and at 11 o'clock the sig
nal whs given for the cotillon. It was led by !
Stanford ('. Lewald and Miss Frances Burton.
In the first and second sets were: James M.
Goewey Jr. and Miss Georgie Greathouse, Wil
liam F. Hooke and Miss Anna Popp, J. J. tie I
Haven and Miss M. T. Alexander, Henry A. j
Whitley and Miss Edna O'Brien, A.H.Meuss
dorffer and Miss Leah Young, James P. Whit
ney and Miss Dorothy Barutti, Walter S. Lyon I
and Miss Marie Babin, Gaston Roussey ai.d ■
Miss Emma Prosek, J. Oscar Gantner and Miss '
Mabel MacFad'len, J. A. Klein and Miss Lizzie
Heyer. Byron D. Bent and Miss Lauretta Cook, j
O. A. Husslinger and Miss Camilla Redmond, i
Wallace Alexander and Mrs. Estrada, Fred G. j
Gantner and Miss Jessie B. Lyon.
The figures danced were "the sleigh bells, |
military and rounds of two. *
Mrs. William Willis gave a tea at her resi
dence on California street on Saturday after- I
noon, on which occasion the hostess' niece,
Miss Italia Willis Scott, was formally Intro- |
duced. The hours of the tea were from 3to <>.
and about 400 invitations were. Issued for the
occasion. Mrs. Willis was assisted in receiving
by Mrs. J. S. Enos, Mrs. William J. Dingee, Mrs. I
Jonn F. Boyd, Miss Fannie Lent, Mrs. Albert |
Gallatin; Mrs. M. H. de Young; Mrs. Alvluza
llayward, Mrs. C. N. Ellwood, Mrs. Cnarles J.
Stovel, Mrs. Walter Van Bergen. Mrs. Henri j
Lion, Miss M artel, Miss Doherty, Miss Moore
and Mrs. MaeFarland. •' • ■ ;
Edgar Matheson entertained a number of I
his friends at his residence. 933 Sanchez street,
Friday evening. A very pleasant evening was I
spent with games and music and a most enjoy
able time was had by all. Those present were:
Miss Holliday, Miss Stanley, Miss Stoddard,
Miss N. Rawlston, Miss D. Rawlston, Miss
Kraser, Miss Mathesou, Miss Haines, Mrs.
Matheson, Mrs. Woods, Mrs. Kohler, Frank
Martin, John Male, A. Bellman, W. Mclnnis,
W. Woods. F. Johns, Doc Kohler, Ed Mathesou,
E. Hay walker, J. Gilnibre.
A banquet was tendered by Milton P. Gar
rett to his many lad y friends at his office at
Fifth and Brancan streets Thursday. April 9.
Henry D. Morton acted as toastmaste*r and was
highly complimented for his eloquence and
wit. After the young ladies indulged and par
took of the delicacies ol trie season they were
escorted by Milton Garratt and inspected the
iron works of W. T. Garratt & Co. They were
also shown the powerful pumping plant now
under way for the city of Sacramento. '
Miss Rose Carson gave a very enjoyable party
at Casino Vue d'Geau. Santa Cruz, last week, i
in honor of her guest. Miss May Gallagher of j
San Francisco. A very elaborate musical pro- j
gramme was prepared, which was very much
enjoyed, as was also a very sumptuous dinner,
covers being laid for thirty. Miss Gallagher
has been Miss Carson's guest for the past
month and has made many friends during her
sojourn. During the evening the young lady
favored her friends with a beautiful rendition
of some of her most difficult vocal arias in her
well-cultivated contralto voice. The affair
ended about midnight and all expressed them
selves as having spent an exceedingly pleasant
evening.
Leo Assembly 4 Young Men's Catholic Union
celebrated its ninth anniversary on Thursday
night, by an entertainment and social at
Teutonia Hall. There was a large attendance.
J.J. Sheahan made a grand address. Songs,
recitations and music were plentiful. The
dancing was kept up until 12 o'clock, after
which all parted in good cheer. The follow
ing were the various committees. Committee
of arrangement— J. C. Murphy, P. Morrin, P.
Tamony, J. J. Mclnomey, X. O'Connor, D.
Breen, T. Jordan. Reception committee— P.
O Connor, James Cullen, Dr. C. F. Puwlicki, T.
Maguire, M. J. Hession, H. Moriarty, X. O'Con
nor. Dr. T. F. Brennan. Floor committee— P.
Tamory, director, D. Breen, M. Kennealv, M
O Connor, P. Stapleton, P. Morrin, D. F. !
Ahearn, G. F. Calverwell. Officers of the '
society— president, P. Molloy; first vice-presi
dent, B. Murphy; second vice-president. P.
O'Connor, recording secretary, J. J. Sheahan;
financial secretary; D. F. Ahearn, treasurer, J.
J. Mclnerney ; marshal, T. Jordan ; medical ex
aminer, Dr. T. F. Breunan; trustees, P. Brazel,
O. Morgan, W. Branley, J. C. Murphy, T.
Roland, J. Hynes, M. Lynch.
_ Dr. and Mrs. Kaspar" Pischl have returned
from Southern California, where the doctor
spent the time in recuperating after an attack
of the grip, He reports that the view from
Mount Tamalpais is much finer and more
varied than that from Movnt Lowe, the ascent
of which was made by both Dr. and Mrs.Pischl.
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Kauffman and family,
accompanied by Miss Isabel Wolf, leave shortly
lor an extended European tour.
The engagement is announced of Miss Emma
G. Jautz, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William
lautz, and August A. Cavagnaro. The wed
ding will take place in the near future.
A grank concert and social will be given on
Tuesday evening, May, 12, 189(3, by the Mozart
Ladies orchestra, the Mandolineta Club, the
Juvenile Violin Club, Professor Francis and
Professor Merki, assisted by excellent musical
talent. Avery enjoyable evening is assured
all who attend.
The Jolly Six Outing Club has moved to its
new quarters in Fairsole Hall on Twenty-first
street. This club will hold its next outing at
Crystal Springs, Sunday, April 19.
The marriage of Miss Alicia Genevieve Cullen
to Dr. Louis P. Oviedo will take place at St.
Mary Cathedral on Tuesday morninc, April
14, at 9 o'clock. b
Edward H. Goodwin, a wealthy paper manu
facturer of Xew York, and Mrs. Nettie
stein-Davies, formerly of San Francisco, were
married recently at Xew York.
Mrs. Lillian Rothenstein will leave next week
for New York on a visit to her sister, Mrs. E. H.
Goodwin.
' Alexander Rothenstein left for the East on
last Tuesday's overland.
manager l.osenbaum's Benefit.
Few managers who visit this City yearly with
prominent theatrical attractions are as well
known and popular as E. Rosenbaum, who is
at present looking after the destinies of Peter
F. Dailey in "The Night Clerk," at the Califor
nia Theater. Mr. Rosenbaum represents the
firm of Rich & Harris, with whom he has been
for the past eight years. As this is his last sea
son with the firm, for he has decided to handle
Peter F. Dailey by himself next year, his em
ployers and friends in this City have tendered
him a testimonial benefit at the California
Theater next Friday evening. On this occa
sion the programme will consist of the regular
performance of "The Night Clerk," besides a
long programme made up of some very excel
lent specialty acts. Seats for the benefit are
now on sale at the box-office.
Robbed by a Woman.
Myrtle Melville, 118 Ellis street, was arrested
yesterday morning by Policeman Frank Riley
and booked at the City Prison on the charge of
grand larceny. The complaining witness is At
torney Fred I". Titus, who claims that the
woman robbed him of fj'lls in gold. When
searched at the prison the money- was not
found upon her.
THE CALL CALENDAB,
April, 1896.
Sn.
Mo.
■Tu. W.
1,
7 8
14 16 i
I
j 21 22 j
Fr.
3
*
Last Quarter.
■5^ April 4.
0 i
177
11
10
Ob\ New Moon.
<a> April 12.
12
I
17
18
13
16
3 First QuartPrj
April 20.
23
-
Full Moon.
April 27 J
OCEAN STEAM-.-.!..
Date* of Departure i-rom San Kranrlp'co.
BTKAMKR. | llK«iriN-ATir>M |
SAU.<.
PIEK.
Elate of Cai I
Bt Paul '
•Acapulco....
Umaillla.... !
8un01... i
araco I
P0m0na..... I
Corona
Weeott......
H0mer...... I
Itio Janeiro. |
! arm ion ,
Arcata. '.'.... I
Kureka ..... I
Del «ort« .. ;
ABlanchard
City of Pata
i Port land. _.... |
1 NewDort
Panama |
! Vie cfc Pet Bnd !
Uravs Harbor. >
I Coos H»7...... j
j inin.ii.iKii liav
I Ban Dieoro
Eel Kiver..... !
I Coos 8ay......
', China & Japan
i 1 aaulna Bay..
' Coos Bay . . :
| NewDort (
i Grays Haroor
j P0rt1and.......
Panama ,
Portland '
> Vie & Pet Snfl
.San U1ee0.....
I Apr 13.10 aw Pier 24
Ai>rlB. 9am Pier II
Apr 14,12. M PMSS
Apr 14. 9am Pier 9
Apr 16. 4pm Pier 'i
Apr 15.1Uam Pier 13
Anrl\ vipm Pier 9
Aw 16.11 am Pier 11
Apr 16. 9am Pier 13
i Apr 16. .*>pm Oceanic
Apr 16. 3pm PUBS
Apr 16. 9am Pier 2
Apr 17.10 am j Plor 24
Apr 17, Bam Pier 11
Apr 18. 1
■Apr lS. 10am Pier 13
i Apr 12 m P M. S Si
Apr 18.10 am Pier 24
Aprl 9. <Urn Pier 9
Apr 19.11 am Pier 11
liiicfn I
CltyPuebla..
Santa Ko»«.. ;
STEAMEKSTO AKKIVE.
Stkamkr I
I Dt7B
/.••minium I
Han Mate 0...... !
Costa Rica...... i
Corona j
Washtenaw
Araeo !
romona. ....... i
Farallon I
H0mer..........
Kureka „.. |
City or PueDia.. '
Queen i
South Coast ;
North Korii \
Alice Blancharri i
Del X0rte....... '
Mackinaw ,
f-nnta Hogs. '
Gaelic.:. .... :
Crescent City. . . j
Ban Jose j
5tPau1.......... j
Walla Wa11a....
Hate of (;«! . . .
{Panama
C0m0x...;..,
Departure Bay „
San Diego.
l'anama...... -.
! Coos Bay
; flumboidt Bay ..".'.'"
j Yaauina nay
Coos uav
Newport
' Victoria <fe Pudet eiound
i Portlana ...
j Portland ][[]
i HumbolcU Hay —
i Portland.. ;..:......
Grays Haroor
I iitromii
: (fan J)iearo..
China and Japan
Crescent City.. .........
! Panama......'....... ....
i Newport. .7
; Victoria <t l'!i,'i»i souna
I'orilang ...............
..Apr 13
..Apr 13
..Apr IS
..Apr 13
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 14
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr IS
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr 16
..Apr 16
..Apr 17
..Apr 17
..Apr 18
..Apr 18
..Apr 9
..Apr 20
. Anr 20
SIN, MOON AND T_DJ_.
U. P. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tide"*
Bulletin PUBLISHED by Official V
AUTHORITY OF THE SUPERINTENDENT. )
Monday, April 13.
inttaw 6.36 Moon rises
" ac" 6,45 Moon sets. ...'.'.".
I'M
April-1896.
I £2 feet Ilmi Feet Tlnle
S L- W - H W L W
Time
H W
13 5.50' O.« 12.881 4.0 5.34 I.S 11.40 4.5
[4 6.-7 0.:5 1.25 ;.B: &01 1.5..... I ..
IkH \v Ft " c: L Feet H W Feet L Feet
5 R - 22 5 " 7Oi;| °-° 217 3 - 4 l 6.30 1.9
6 0.27 5.1 7.4S -0.1 3/20 3.0 7.10 ! 2.2
7 0.65 5.1 P.JU -0.2 4.'28 3.0 7.56 2.5
181 ,1.3t 6.1 !).'2H -Q.S 6.37 3.4 1 9.0'2i 27
19) 2.30, 5.U 10.27 -0.4 6.34 3.2 10/25 27
I
NOTK-In the above exposition of the tides the
•any morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a i to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day except
when there are but three tides, ***" sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
E_ib r J,,' !i cp _ when a ralnn * s'S 1 * (-) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlve
rrom the depth given by I he charts
-'i__*_-_N_- |*-TELLI__-'o_.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. April 12.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 20 hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse, to Russ, Sanders & Co.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 3. hours from Crescent
City -. lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co. Oakland
direct. ' ■ : .
_Stmr. *"'tesboro, Johnson, 14 hours from
Whitesboro: r r tits, to L X White Lumber Co
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 hours from Moss Land-
Inland way ports: produce, to Ooodall, Perkins <_
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 71 hours from Cosmopo-
Co" PaBS md 3e ' l ° » Grays Harbor Commercial
a^-7*, rS, * nBe nlto ' Smith, 86 hours fromTacoma;
4500 tons coal, to S F Co. Oakland direct.
•J-; 1 .-' - Bonita, Downing, 14 hours from New
.tCo WBy porta: produce ' to Goodall, Ferklns
.i B *?^"*^ 0 ** a ,' Johnson, 30 hours from Trinidad:
3157 M shingles, to J R Hanify.
Htmr City of Everett. Bucknam; 80 hours from
Sons'" '" 3634 tons coal, to John Rosenfela's
. scar Moro, Jorgenson, .20 hours from Albion:
lumber, to Alameda Lumber Co.
Schr Nettle Low, Low. 6 hours from Point
Keyes: 25 bxs butter, 95 cans milk, to J H New
bauer & Co. ... .
Schr > : Marion, Generaux, 8 days from Grays
Harbor; 335 Mft lumber, to S H Harmon Lum
ber CO.''-. t .'... '-■"• , "•;.•- --.v. --'-■■» r. ;"-■; ■.'---
Sohr Five Brothers, Rasmussen, 12 hours from
_ 'sue. mens _•_.- ; wo .d,, to James Johaavu.
I
i Sailed.
SCXDAY. iZ/tU 12.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett. Ventura.
StrnrCoos Bay. Janseu, nay in as.
Ger ship Arthur Fltger, Rebetje, Queenstown.
Bark Guardian, Marden, Puget Sound.
ie.e.vniiiiio.
POINT LOROS. ADril 12-10 p. -Weather
thick; wind W; velocity '20 miles.
31 01110 rand <! 111.
Per City of Everett— Left in port at Nanalmo to
sail on the 10th, ship St John, for Sun Francisco;
to sail on the 11th. baric Gen Fairchild, for San
Francisco.
Domestic Ports.
SAN PEDRO— sailed Apr 11— Schr Mary E Buss
for Port Gamble.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Apr 12 — Schr Bender
Brothers, for San Francisco
Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Point Arena, hence Apr
11.
CSAL— Sailed Apr 11— Stmr Laguna, for Re
domlo.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Pomona, hnc
Apr
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 12— Br stmr Mount Le
banon, for Hongkong: stmr Alice Blancbard, for
San Francisco,
BOWESS LANDING— SaiIed Apr 12-Schr
Newark, for Son Francisco.
Arrived Apr 12— Schr Mary Etta, hence Mar 31.
GREENWOOD- Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Green
wood, hence Apr 11.
REDO.N'DO — Arrived Apr 12— Bark Enoch Tal
bot hence Apr 9.
VAi.l'lNA BAY— Sailed Apr 12— Stmr Faral
lon. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Apr 12-Stmr Novo, for
San Francisco: stmr Rival, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Apr 12 -Nor stmr Peter
Jebsen, from Nanaimo.
Sailed ADr 12— L* s stmr Albatross. '
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Stoamsrs.
MARCUS HOOK— Passed ADr 12— Stmr Waes
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
11 ARVE— Arrived out Apr 12— Stmr La Bre
tagne. -:--:'
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Apr 12— Stmr Cam
pania, for New York.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Apr 12-Stmr Zaan
dam, from Amsterdam.
. importations.
PORT KENYON— Per Weeott— l6o b.xs butter,
21/2 kegs butter, 1 cs hams, 30 bis apples, 10 cs
cider, 12 empties, 1 bdl dry hides, _ s_s hides, 6
bdls green hides, 2 pkgs tubs, 3 pkgs mdse, 47
dressed calves.
COSMOPOLIS— Per Sunol— 32o M ft lumber, 2
bdls green hides.
Aberdeen— ls empty kegs, 1 gauge.
Hoqnlam— 623 bdls shooks.
South Bend— 24 empty kegs. 1 cs hats, 2cs
books.
MOSS LANDING-Per Gipsy— 2 Dxs butter.
Blanco— l cs eggs.
Soquel— ls3 sks plaster hair.
Santa Cruz— & cs cheese, 5 b.xs butter, 1500 bbls
lime. . ...-. -j . ,-r.
Pigeon Point— l2s cs cheese, 76 twin drums
cheese. 17 sks beans, 1 bx butter. .
SANTA CRUZ ISLAND— Per Bonita— 3 bales
pelts, 1 bx hams and bacon, 1000 sheep.
Lompoc Lauding— 346 sks barley. 246 sks mus
tard, 84 hogs.
Port Harford— lllo sks rock, 225 sks oats, 49
sks beans. 274 hogs.
Cayucos— ls6 hogs.
(°nimi;nsn<.
Per Sunol— Grays Harbor Commercial Co; CH
Meyer <_ Co; Bisslnger <fc Co : A Sawyer; Western
B & M Co; Airier Caro Acid <_ Gas Co"; Bisslnger &
Co.
Per Bonlta— Santa Cruz Island Co; II Dutard;
South San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
Erlanger it Galinger; E R Stevens & Co; Pacific
Paving Co.
Per Weeott-Russ, Sanders & Co; FBHalght;
Norton. Teller it Co; Brigham, floppeife Co: .1 II
Newbauer & Co; Wheaton, Breon it Co; schrader
Bros: O B Smith A Co; Dairymen's Union; Benin
Lepori: Witzel it Baker: C E r Whitney <_ Co: 11 H
Hogau; D B Allison & Co; Standard Oil Co; Cali
fornia Wine Association: S II Frame A Co: G de
Lucca; H Canape ft Co: D Dellosso.
Per Gipsy— Herman Joost: Dairymen's Union; L
Andrews; W Tsffe'; Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Braver.
Grasshoff & Co; Tlllmann»fe Bendel: <; H lay A
Co: Dairymen's Union: Brigham, Hoppe& Co; X
Angelton; Hammond A Broil; O B Smith <_ Co: E
J Bowi'D: Norton. Teller A Co; Witzel A Baker;
II Powell A Co; Wheaton. Brean A Co.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ !
CUTRATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
Pirat Class 68.00
BecoDd. Class $300
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office Sew Montgomery Street.
yy : ; . OOODALL, PERKINS* CO.,
General Agent*
O. 3FL- c«_s 2N_".
TO—
ASTORIA ANDPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails April 8 and 18
State of California sails April 13 and 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. if.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl. Snpts.
F. F. CONNOR, General AgonS,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASS
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM ______
O Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as _£__£*_
fOllOWS: .•". \:J/; ;.:.'/ 'V
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau, Kll-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at _ a. m., April 14
29 ' May 14. 29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle. "Tacoma, Everett, Anacortos and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
April 4. 9. 14, IS", 24. '-'9. and every flfttj
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wits
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. It-,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona, _ p. m., April 3, 7. 11
15. 19, 23, 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. «an Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m., Apri
1,-5.9. 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every fourth day
thereafter.' y "". y» -, '
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, . Port Los
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
A. *.. April 8, 7. U. 15, 19, 23, 27. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. M., .April 6.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
ttreet. » ;-.-..,-■ «
GOODALL, PERKINS «fc CO., Gen'l Agents.
. 10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f% days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, i*v HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, MB BY
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues.,
April 28. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND tor SYDNEY, Thursday, April 30,
at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.. and CAPETOWN,
& Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agta.,
11 - Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAMIWfIQUE
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'^ (NE\V),42 NORTH „_,-*«.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by isvsfi|g
this line avoid both transit oy English railway a.ii
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yor_ to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, '
first-class $100: second-class. $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe
April 18. 3 a. M
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf.
•• ....April 25, 9a.k
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle.,
May 2, 4 A. M.
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
--• ''*•* P, 8:00 "a- M
MS" For further particulars apply to
y- -;-•••■ ' A. FORGET. Agent,
_ _ ™,~ No - 3 Bov -'ling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. - _
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACRET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL _A____,
fortnightly for the West Indies and -E____3
Bouthampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with th«
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, *195: thirl
__■, 997 MX For further particulars apply to
.y , . VARROTT & CO., Agents,
306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. S, Washington St*
At 5 F. St*< Uaily, JJxcept Sunday.
__- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER-:
T. C. 'Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat, Nay. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO, MIRE ISU\D. lA, PORT
COSTA AM CROCKETT.
' '. STK. aLt'NTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. it
and 4 p. _; Saturdaj-, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. m;
; Sunday —8 p.m. -y;.'i.v
•4 p. M. only.
; -Landing. Mission 1. Pier -J.
y RAILROAD TRAVEtJ "^ '*-'-' .
BIG REDUCTION iff RATES BY RAIL
....TO. ...
i 3 o_eit____«_._>J':d. o^fl-
( -^i^F7r^FJ7!^________ll-__--^£22-i
_____ *_i___i , | <4M=*s*k ««==s^S^ een^^rdd
MONDAY ...APRIL 13,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
1.1 Market St., at S p. M.
Ar H||— Including berth in Pullman Tour-
vOiUU fart Sleeper.
....ALSO.... -■■-:-■
First-class tickets, including berth in d"*** 00
Pullman Standard .sleeper. "!DlO
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will nor stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers nt intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
fl*__f- Through Tickets for I'ucet Sound
points 011 Sale at "Reduced Kates.
For further information apply at ' • ."
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY. T. GOODMAN
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. 'ass. Agt.
SOCTIIKBX -**« IB'IC COM *.
(I'AIII'H -,Y-,.1'..M.1
Train. leave -.■••I »• « «'«"..- ****** **
m MAS FKANCIS* «>.
leavb ~~- FnjmjU^njlMSOg. -: *2«Ea
7:00 a Atlantic Impress, o.duu and Cast.. »:I-»P
7:OOA Reuici., Vacaville. _t-unsey. -.-era-
mento, and Reddingvia W^w.... TaMOm
7:OOa Martinez, San Ramon, >apa. Calls-
toga and Santa R05a.............. *•*»*
8:-l»A Niles, Nun Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, -larysville. Red Bluff
and Sundays excepted Oroville.... _*_;;;!£
•8:30 a Peters and Mi1t0n..... •••••• '*""
SMMM Los Angeles Express. I resno, Santa .
llarbara and Los Angeles _«.??:
0.-OOa Martinez and Stockton *_•• ■**
M:')Oa VaHejo - _f.j?_
l:«Op Mies. San Jose and Llrertnore .Sliit
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamirs .-._,„
1 1 :30p Tort Costa and Way Stations........ '' • **>p
4:00 - Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga. El Verano and
Santa Rosa ;"\VY 9:15 '
*:OOp Benicia, Esparto, 'Wood. and
Knights Landing, Marysville • .
Oroville and Sacramento »ws-i»a
4:3oi>Ni!n. San Jose, Livermore and „
Stockton.. -. :-•;;•• '
4:30r Merced, P»ercnda, Raymond (for
Yoscm'te) and Fresno ............ «.*s*a_,
S:UOp NewdrleaiLS Fresno. Bakers-
Ocld, Santa llarbara.Los Angeles,
Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and ■.'-;-•■"_..
East.... .••••• IO«15a
5:00p Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Express
forMojavo ami Last _?,-
-5:00p Vallejo ■•••• — ■ , l__j_.
6:0« - European Mail, Ogden and last.... •»_»»
«:OOp Harvard-, Niltaaud San Jose *_.'_- X
J7:OOP V-11.-jo ,; *.1..
7:OOp Oregon Impress, Sacramento, -Marys-
ville. Redding, Portland, Puget
Hound and East 10.45 A
«TI0:05p "Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
andf^t ••• _«_______
SAN CKt)/ IHVI^IO.N (Warrstr Oaagt>j.
.7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J»:Oi»p
_:I-»a Ne-ark.CeuU>rvllle,_aiiJose.relto_,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way _
';'," Stations 5:5-P
•2:lSi> Newark, Centerville, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations , ___f*
4 : 1 5 1 ■ warl- San Jose and Los Oatos »:.IQ\
COAST VISION illiird .. loiriisciiil Ms.)
6: 15a Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:45p
8:15 a Sau .lore. Tres Pi 1103, Santa Cruz,
Pacini; Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo. Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:05
10.40 A Ban Jose and Way Stations 5:OOp
11:13 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3--30P
•2:3«>p .--.aii Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos. ST ta
Cruz, Salinas.Monterey and Pacflic
drove *10:40 a
•3-.:iOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations «: 17 A
♦4:30 San Jose and Way Stations •8:0« a
S:3op San .lose and Way .Stations •*:!**
C:3or Ban Jose and Way Stations 6:35 a
tll:t*>i' San Jose 11 ml Way Stations i7:1.~»p
SAN I.IA.M'HO AM» ______________ _________
i*«:OOa "I ( 7:15*
-«:<IOa t!»:l.*i.V
_:OOa I Melrose, Seminary Park, KI:ISA
1 11. 00 a 1 Melrose. Seminary Park, 11..5 A
i ";oUp Jitchburg, San Leandr* Vf-lor
3:OOr ! , nd J:**"!-
-4:00p r * uu -. \y 3:40P
3:OWp Hivwardi *Sl_P
.■5.-:{«»i naywarus. -.,,
7:««r Bs45P
SsOAp ._ .. . . „_ 9t_SP
9:00p » Runs through to lies. l'l.oOi-
-Ift 1 1 : 1 •*> J ' From * I. ttl2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO— of Mirtct Street (Slip 8)— ■•
*7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:03 »2:.0 t3:CO
•i:00 15:00 *6:.31\1-.
FromOAKUKD— of Broadway.— "6:00 8:00
10:00 a. .M. 112:00 "LOO 12:00 *3:00 J4:33
"5:03!- ,M. . . ; , .....  ..
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. * Saturdays only.
», 1 Sundays only. ••Tuesdays only. .-
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. -
SMFR.WCISCO&PRTHPI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Xiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
l WEEK DAYS-7:**o, 9:00, 11:00 I*.- 12--* l.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays- trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS-" :;'O. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
I WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 a __"•
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra 'trip.
I at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. •
6U^'V,o Y « S :3S - 9:b£ ' 11:1 ° A - M! 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Fruncisco and Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above. ~mo
c._ Leave . ~ In effect Arrive "
i San Francisco. April 2. San Francisco.
Days. -Sox- destination. „ «-^- ' Wkkk
" * a - I pays. destination. days, i Days.
j 7:30 ak 7:30 am; „ No V ato ' 10:40 am 8:40 am
; 3:30 pm 9:30 am Pet alum a, I 6:05 pm 10 10 am
] 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
_,_— I Fulton, . ~~ — __- -
i 7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburs;,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am 1 Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pieta, ~ — —
m ' ■' Hopland &
7:30 am 7:30 am Uklah. . 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am: ~j ; \ j : 10:10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. I 7:30 pm!
3:30 PM ! J J 1 6:15 pm
7:30 am,7:30 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm j .and .6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I I Glen Ellen.
7:30 am ;gB^i^asto P ol.|10;40AMjlO:10AM
B=Bo pm 5:00 pm
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers. '
Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland Spring*
Kelseyville, Lakeport. . * ■
I Stages connect at t'biah for Vlchv Springs, Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Port Bragg. Usal, Westport,
! Canto. V\ llletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
i Days, Lively's, Gravelly Valley. Harris, " Scotia
and i.ure_a.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rales.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle hulldlas.
WHITING. * R.X.RVVX,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
¥""_• * £* __^^'Sn*lh?''__i.
RAILROAD tf*w__^__|___4___*
Trains leave from an.l arrive <fiji^^pS^^^^;
at Market-Street Ferry. \££s£&^3ZffieS
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
1 Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pnllmaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to ( hlcaga
: via Kansas City without change. Annex cars tor
1 Denver and St. Louis. .i,*i. »_.' r - '
! CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Bolid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
tinder Harvey's management. Connecting train*
leave San Francisco at 9 A. M. and 5 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dlning-roem or dining-
cars.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
\ Cllloji'ojv Ixll' ti ' j_.
MTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
ifrom San Francisco, Commencing March '29, 1898.
WEEKDAYa WBB -
- ° r il liXi a i, an < - San -7:00. -SUM)
*9:16 10:16, 11:45. a. m.; * i! «-»^«s:
5:16. *n:00. u:3sp. M ; ' . a, *°- *-" 15 -
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
days and Saturday« at 11:30 p. m. "ouura-
• SUNDAYS."
5i 3 K B^^' %&*?% siuto^
■S!T___»_4*_M| v-^ "**•
_'■•-■" THROUGH TRAINS.
I -00 __ m S^iS-TS^-^ ?SS Tway station* '
i»« ta __*_^ wn , MW ,A MANIA FOR MARRIAGE
Dr. Harmon's Brother-in-Law
Weds a Goddess of
Liberty.
WHY PRIMARIES ARE WANTED
The Man Who Go s to St. Louis May
B: Heard From When Federal
Patronage Is Distributed.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 12, '
Rarely does so much matrimony occur
in one family as the numerous weddings
that have taken place in the Harmon-
Corwin families during the past three
weeks. The Harmon divorce case is barely
a month old, yet Dr. Harmon is an
other woman's husband, his divorced wife
is also again a wife, and last Wednesday
afternoon Cecil Corwin, who is a brother
of the first Mrs. Dr. Harmon, married the
young lady who was the Goddess of Lib
erty at the last Fourth of July celebration.
Dr. Harmon is doubtless doing lots of
thinking just now in his home in British
Columbia. He told a pathetic story of
ingratitude before he was divorced.
He said that he paid for Cecil Corwin's
denial education and fitted up his offices
for him and that as soon as there was noth
ing more to get out of him Cecil swore out
a complaint against the doctor for disturb
ing his wife's peace, Mrs. Dr. Harmon be
ing Cecil Corwin's sister. Then came the
divorce and Mrs. Harmon got $12,000 in
casn and the pretty San Leandro home,
which she is now enjoying with her sec
ond husband. Dr. Harmon was given his
freedom and had about $10,000 more, with
which he captured another bride. Young
Corwin caught the fever and is now on his
wedding trip and the doctor's friends de
clare that not one of these three marriages
would have taken place had Dr. Harmon
been a poor man.
The demand for primaries in Alameda
County is not wholly understood. Ihe
personality of the man who shall go to
St. Louis is a minor matter with those
who are ardently working to preserve the
old order of things. The bone of conten
tion is that the six committeemen shall
have the authority to foist upon Republi
can voters whom they please as delegates
to Sacramento, and also because the ma
jority of the six does not suit the ideas of
the primary advocates. One other factor
enters into the fight, though so far it has
been subordinated to the principle that
every voter should assist in naming the
delegates. The side factor is that there is
no doubt in the minds of Alameda County
Republicans that the St. Louis delegates
will certainly nominate the next President.
Should this be so the delegate will surely
be heard from when the distribution of
Federal patronage takes place. This adds
to the bitterness of the fight, especially as
it is stated by Eli Denison's opponents
that he has his eye on the Mint.
Senator Denison is not the man to show
his hand so early in the game, and any
talk about the Mint las certainly origina
ted with his political enemies for the pur
pose oi using it as campaign capital. The
doubt as to whether the delegates ap
pointed by the committee will He seated
by the convention, or w; ether those elected
at primaries will be recognized at Sacra
mento cannot be foretold and will keep the
matter of a St. Louis delegate in doubt till .
the convention assembles.
The present make-up of the County Cen- I
tral Committee is mostly responsible for j
the schism in the Republican party of Ala- :
meda County. Chairman Mautaien is not
the choice of the party, neither is he the
choice of a majority of the committee, but
owing to political tactics well understood
in this city it has been found impossible
to oust him. Mautaien is an agreeable
fellow personal 1 out he no more repre
sents the party than does ex-Assembly
man Bretz. If the committee were to
meet another chairman would be elected
forthwith, but as a rule exists that eight
members form a quorum and he has enough
friends to prevent eight of the thirteen
meeting atone time he still holds his
o ffice trough long since persona non grata
to the bulk of the party.
The First Congregational Church lis
tened to an Eastern preacher this morning
and many were disappointed. It was not
the fault of the preacher, but the disap
pointment was due to the false estimate
placed on anything simply because it
comes from the East. Rev. Charles G.
Jefferson is a very pleasant speaker and a
man who can think. He can deliver a
sound sermon and did so this morning.
But his audience had been led to expect a
Beecher or a Talmage, and to that extent
the somewhat youthful preacher labored
under _ disadvantage. After the sermon
opinions were about equally divided as to
the merits of Rev. Mr. Jefferson. Some
thought him the ideal successor to Dr.
McLean, others did not. There are hun
dreds of other preachers, native sons, who
are fully the equal of the Massachusetts J
divine, and there has all along been a feel- '
ing with some that home talent should be
encouraged and that it is a false policy to
send East for a pastor with so mnch avail
able material on hand. If Mr. Jefferson '
succeed* Dr. McLean there is certainly no !
reason why the 90000 per year should go I
loan "Eastern man." S. W. B.
ONE STONE AT A TIME
Plan for Constructing a New
Episcopal Church in.
Berkeley.
Student Theatricals Again TcNight.
Int*rco leg : ate Debaters Down
to So/id Work.
BERKELEY, Ca_., April 12.— 50 great
has been the growth of the parish of St.
Mark's Episcopal church since the rector
ship of Rev. George E. Swan that it has
become-absolutely imperative to secure ad
ditional church room for the accommoda
tion of the parishioners. The present
building has proved to be wholly inade
quate to supply the n^eds of the worship
ers. Though recently enlarged to almost
double its former size it still does not
meet the demands of the growing number
of communicants and visitors. The old
building was removed from its former site
to the newly acquired property of the
church during la^t summer and about
$3000 was spent in its improvement and
in the purchase of a pipe organ.
The chance', and the vestibule were en
*-rgcd and new wings were built on either
_.de, so that the seating capacity was
increased to 350. The vestry and the other
leading members of the church thought cer
tain this would be large enough for
seven or eight years to come, or. at least,
aflr^Gibton's Dispensary,
.n.£?f EA r* SY * T - Established
n__ JJV the t^atznentof IMv*t9
Diseiist-s. host Manhood. Debllltyor
S__E'__H___ \ k ' n ' l--doc'ior cures when
-3-_B---s_a others fall. Try him. Charges low
Dr. J. Jr. *U*BQS, Box ■Wr-___J____g__g_|
until their proposed new $30,000 stone
building had been erected. Since that
time the number of regular attendants has
increased beyond all expectation.
Rector Swan's scheme for furnishing tem
porary accommodation for the increased
number has met with much favorable
comment among the most prominent mem
bers of the church, and the chanced ap
pear to be favorable for the consummation
of his plan.
He proposed that a rude, frame-like
building, the same size as the proposed
new stone structure, be put up on their lot
on the corner of Bancroft way and Ells
worth street and that the stone building
itself be erected piecemeal. In an inter
view to-day Rector Swan said: "We are
greatly in need of increased facilities for
worshiping. The present building is de
cidedly too small to accommodate the in
creasing number of attendants, and it is
quite necessary that we secure more room
if we desire to continue in prosperity. My
plan as I presented it to Senior Warden
Palache last week was to put up a tempo
rary structure to cost, say $5000, which
would serve us until the new building is
erected.
"As the funds in the treasury increased
new parts to the permanent building
could be added from time to time until
the whole was completed. This appears
to me very practicable since the perma
nent structure is to be of stone. Among
the first parts to be finished would prob
ably be the chancel and then the other
sections could be constructed around it,
taking it as a nucleus. In a few years we
would have our fine building and in the
meantime communicants and visitors
would not be compelled to stand up in
the aisles as at present or to go away De
cause of lack of room. The church is
practically free from all incumbrance, so
we will not have a lot of bills staring us
in the face when we take steps toward in
creasing our facilities for worshiping.
"All the vestrymen seem to favor the
plan and I am hopeful that it will be only
a question of a short time before we can
have larger Quarters. Senior Warden Pa
lache is particularly favorably disposed
toward the project. He remarked to me
one day about the- time that the church
building in its present enlarged condition
was first occupied that because there was
so much room in it there would probably
be a necessity of establishing telephonic
communications between the pews. Mat
ters as they now stand present a different
aspect.
To emphasize the necessity for more
room, I only need to mention the crowded
condition of the building on Easter and
on the Sunday previous. All the pews
were filled and 150 chairs besides were
placed in the aisles. There is barely
enough room for the congregation on an
occasion of ordinary importance. We
hope to soon get our plans into tangible
form and commence the work of erection
of the temporary structure at once. y
Debaters Hard at Work.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 12.— O'Connor,
Dam and Flaherty, who are to represent
the University of California in the annual
intercollegiate debate with Stanford on
the 25th inst., are practicing continuously
in preparation for the contest. Tbey are
putting as much energy into their work at
the present time as the track athletes who
are hopeful of making a place on the East
ern track team. The willingness of Sena
tor Perkins to give the offered $200 in its
entirety to the winning side for equal dis
tribution rather than tendering the best
speaker on either side $100, has done much
to stimulate the Berkeley men in their ef
forts. To win the debate will mean honor
for the university, distinction for them
selves and $66% in coin for each of them.
In commenting upon the change in the
terms of Senator Perkins' offer, Prdfessor
Gayiey, under whose tutelage the debaters
are at present, said: "I think that the
giving of the $200 to the winning side is
the only disposition which ought to be
made of the award, since by such a method
of distribution there will be an incentive
toward perfecting team work and not a
tendency toward individual effort wholly.
If the matter was left as it was originally
planned each one of the team would try
to outdo the other, and the result would
be very unsatisfactory. If one got it, the
others might say that they should have
had it, that his success was due to their
assistance in giving him points and the
like. The fellows are now flown to solid
business and will make a hard right to win
the debate for the university again this
year.
The judges have been chosen, consisting
of Judge McKenna of the United States
Circuit Court, Judge \V. W. Morrow of the
United States District Court and Hon. A.
C. Freeman, a prominent attorney and
law author. Governor Budd has been
asked to preside, and President Kellogg
and President Jordan have been prevailed
upon to lend their presence to the occa
sion.
""Love for "Love."
BERKELEY, Cal. April 12.— suc
cess of the company of student players
who presented Congreve's "Love for Love"
at Shattuck Hall last night is worthy of
more than ordinary mention. Seven hun
dred people were present to witness the
affair, and the appreciation of the amateur
actors was very apparent.
Great credit is reflected upon them, as
well as upon Instructor L. D. Syle, who
has directed the work of the performers
from the very beginning, and who adapted
the comedy to nineteenth-century tastes
before presentation. The stage setting
■"'."- well up to the standard and the cos
tumes were gorgeous in the extreme.
The play wa? given for the benefit of the
English department library and the East
ern track team, and will be repeated to
morrow evening at the same hall.
ELMHTJRST'S TURN NOW.
Alameda County's Newest Town Wants
to Incorporate.
ELMHURST, Cal., April 12. -A meet
ing of citizens has taken under considera
tion the question of incorporating. It was
well attended, and the scheme seemed to
meet with general favor from all present,
only one person arguing against it.
The meeting closed with the appoint
ment of two committees. One consists of
Messrs. Higgins, Clark and Doyall, and
was instructed to look into the matter of
limits and boundaries for incorporation;
the other, consisting of five people, was
authorized to advertise the idea of incor
poration and create public sentiment in its
favor. Another meeting to consider the
same subject will be held in Parsons' Hall
next Friday evening.
Elmhurst has grown up within the past
four years between Oakland and San Le
andro, and is now a thriving settlement
with some fine .churches and public
schools. The Hay wards power-house is
located here, and nearly all tne employes
of the big company reside here.
THE EXEMPT FIREMEN.
They Ask for Assistance to Keep the
Graves of Their Comrades Green.
On Monday, the 4th of May, the Rev.
Jacob Voorsanger will deliver a lecture in
Metropolitan Temple for the benefit of the
Exempt Fire Company of this City. The
proceeds of this lecture will be devoted ex
clusively to the maintenance of the Ex
empts' plat in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
When the Volunteer Fire Department
was legislated out of existence in 1806 the
plat passed into the hands of the Exempts,
who during thirty >' ears annually have
paid $oooto the cemetery association for
its proper care. At the time the Exempts
received this plat the membership was _:.'«
Now it hns dwindled down to an even
hundred, and as their means are also
dwindling they have adopted this means
to raise funds to keep the last resting-place
of their once comrades in order. "Hard
times and a failing treasury," they say
have compelled us to pursue this course'
and we look to the people of this City for
their generous support, for we believe that
we are entitled. to some consideration for
the good we have done in the past.
In Paris the last craze is to have the
family crest on the back cf the gloves.
Fine linen underclothing is returning to
fashion. It is made rich by embroidery
and lace. yy/.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896.
MAY SUCCEED DR.M'LEAN
Rev. C. E. Jefferson of Massa
chusetts at the First Congre
gational Church.
"BEHOLD, THE LAMB OF GOD"
A Large Audience Fills the Church
to Hear the Candidate's First
Sermon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, April 12. J
Rev. Charles E. Jefferson of Chelsea,
Mass., preached his first probationary ser
mon at the First Congregational Church
this morning. The church was well filled,
the desire to hear the man who may suc
ceed Rev. Dr. McLean bringing out a large
attendance.
The preacher took for his text the excla
mation in John, i:29, "Behold the Lamb
of God! ; ' He said:
John the Baptist was a man whose
character is not commonly understood.
His nature was most intense. Whatever
occupied his mind occupied it to the ex
clusion of everything else. And he was as
brave as he was intense. He said what he
thought and he said it forcibly. For this
reason many came to hear him who would
not accept his doctrine. They came be
cause they were interested, as he always
intimated more than he expressed. His
hearers were Hebrews, and of course resi
dents of Palestine. Therefore, when John
wanted a symbol to express the idea of
salvation he chose a sheep.
__,"It must be remembered that in Pal
e-tine sheep are the leading article
of commerce. They are on every hill
and always figured at Jewish cere
monies. For a thousand years a sheep
had been slaughtered in the morning and
another in the evening so that the flow of
blood in the tabernacle might ever run as
an atonement for sin. So when John said
'•Behold, the Lamb of God ," he referred to
I the most comprehensive symbol Known to
! the Hebrew mind. The beauty of the ex
clamation cannot be over-estimated. John
held out to them an eternal mediator for
the sin of the world in language that they
could fully understand and appreciate.
"What was the effect of John's teach
ing? Contrast the Roman Empire with
the American Republic. It is as the con
trast of hell with the dawn of the golden
age. Her slavery and piracy, now free
dom; then polygamy, now a code of morals
that compels the polygamist to hide his
nead in a far-off corner of the earth. War
was then a pastime for princes; now we
consider it sin. What has done all this?
I Lamb that is taking away the sins of
i the world. 'Why,' it is asked, 'does not
i the work of reformation and regeneration
,go along more rapidly?' The answer is
; simple. Infinite love is infinitely patent,
: and the human heart has ever been stub
! born. God in his mercy does not wish
! that any should fail to reap the blessing
I purchased of the Lamb of God, and He
1 extends throughout the ages the loving
invitation, 'Behold; accept the Lamb of
; God that taketh away the sins of the
world.' •
••Every age has produced some one who
has professed to nave discovered some
, thing which is superior to the Lamb of
j God. They have ail gone into their graves
j disappointed, and to-day millions have be
i held the Lamb of God that is taking away
| the sins of the world. Is it not amazing that
j for 1800 years the influence of this Lamb
j has steadily increased ; that its followers
i to the number of thousands have laid
| down their lives at the stake rather than
I forsake their allegiance to the teaching of
I John the Baptist? Is it not amazing that
to-day we tan look back and see how
history has recorded the unchecked pro
gress of this great doctrine ? And is it not
amazing that God's great love for us is
still as great as it ever was, and that
he is still through his servants all over the
world holding up the beacon light of
salvation, and crying out 'Behold the
! Lamb of God that is taking away the sins
| of the world.' "
The Easter festival given last Sunday
evening was repeated to-night, and Rev.
C. E. Jefferson again pr ached. He
will preach twice next Sunday, and the
congregation will vote on his acceptance
or rejection. * y-'y ":
Mormon Choir Concert.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 12.— The great
Mormon choir of Salt Lake City will ar
rive here next Tuesday and will give a
concert the same evening at the First Con
gregational Church.
There will be ten Pullman cars with 300
people on board, for although there are
but 175 people in the choir, they will bring
along a lot of their uncles, cousins and
aunts. The trip is, in fact, a grand pic
nicking jaunt of the singers and their
friends. They will spend ten days in Cali
fornia and will give concerts in Oakland,
San Francisco, San Jose and Sacramento'
the first one being in this city.
The choir comprises fifty sopranos, forty
altos, forty tenors and forty-five basses.
There will be also four violins, with piano
and organ accompaniments. It is claimed
that this Mormon choir is the largest regu
lar choir in the world. It was formed by
Brigham Young nearly forty-five rears
ago. It is replenished and kept fresh by
constant acquisitions from the picked
singers of Salt Lake City.
Twelve Cyclists Arrested.
OAKLAND, Cal. , April 12.— Many re
ports having been made of cyclists rushing
over the sidewalks across " the Twelfth
street dam, a new officer in citizen's
clothes was stationed there to-day to arrest
all violators of the ordinance. In a couple
of hours Officer Sherry had sent just
twelve to the City Prison in the patrol
wagon and then the fact of his presence
became known and the sidewalks were not
patronized by wheelmen. Each rider de
posited $5 bail and to-morrow morning it
wUI in all probability be reduced to $2 and
forfeited. '■ . .'
REPRESENTATIVES ELECTED.
Knights of Pythias Who Will Go to
the Grand Lodge.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April . 12.— Oakland
Lodge No. 103, K. of P., at its last conven
tion conferred the page and esquire rank
on Stranger Joseph Oilman. , Several vis
itors were present from sister lodges, who
were well pleased in witnessing for the
first time the elegant stereopticon views
which are used by Oakland Lodge in
illustrating the lesson of the page rank.
On Friday night, April 17, the amplified
rank of knight will be conferred by the
unsurpassed team, using all of their latest
innovations for elaborating this beautiful
rank. The following were elected |as rep
resentatives to the Grand Lodge: For
representatives— H. C. Alobrick, P. C. : E.
B. Gans, P. C. ; for. alternates— C. Isaacs
P. C. ; S.Cohen, P. C. Live Oak Lodge
No. 17 has elected as representatives
James Sloan, P. C, and Philip Journal,
P. C. • Piedmont Lodge No. 172 elected as
representatives W. H. H. Hussy, P. 0.
and P. C. Kieso. •;•"., . b
Notwithstanding the dull times which
prevail throughout the entire country the
growth of the Order of Knights of Pythias
in this grand domain is unprecedented in
its history. Much of this we firmly believe
is due to the untiring, indefatigable in
terest taken in « the order by our present
grand chancellor, George Samuels, a
member of j Live Oak of 'this city who has
just returned to his home after i a seven
weeks', tour of the lodges In Southern Cali
fornia. He reports our southern brethren
as being very enthusiastic this term. .-' Cal
anthe Temple, Rathbone Sisters, will soon
be strengthened by an addition of twenty
five new memljrs from Live Oak Lodge
No. 17. Mars Lodge of San Francisco at
its last convention conferred the page
rank on twenty-five strangers, all mem
bers of the United States Fourth Artillery
band.
HAYWARDS CHURCHES.
Presbyterians and ■■ Episcopalians Hear
Gratifying Reports.
HAYWARDS, Cal.. April 12.— The fifth
annual meeting of. the First Presbyterian
Church was held in the lecture-room and
brought out a large attendance.
Dr. Gamble and Mr. Webster were
elected elders. Messrs! J. H. Strobridge.
J. Machado, E. Merwin, Professor J. Smith
and W. Bullock were elected trustees for
the ensuing year.
Two thousand five hundred and thirty
one dollars and fifty-three cents has been
raised during the year to meet the current
expenses of the church, in aid of various
missionary societies of the Presbyterian
Church and for special work undertaken
during the year. The membership of the
church has also been increased by the
addition of twenty-three members.
The annual meeting of the members of
the Trinity Episcopal Church was held in
the Guild Hall. The treasurer's report
showed a cash balance on hand of $50.
The outstanding obligations of all kinds
have been paid up and the church starts
a new year without a debt of any kind.
A SUDDEN SHOWER-BATH.
The Bottom Suddenly Falls Out
of a Five-Thousand Gallon
Tank.
Mrs. Pipenherg, Who Is Standing Be
neath, Receives Its Contents and
Is Badly Injured.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 12. : )
Mrs. Pipenberg, who resides at 1169
Seventh street, met with- a remarkable ac
cident yesterday evening, and, being an
old lady, the result may be serious.
Mrs. Pipenberg was attending to some
thing at the back of the house, and had
occasion to walk under the large tank that
is supplied by a windmill. For a long
time the neighbors have been suspicious
of the stability of the bracing of the tank,
which is now rather old, but Mrs. Pipen
berg had ample confidence in it, and re
jected any advice about having it strength
ened. When she went under it yesterday
there was a stiff breeze blowing, and Mrs.
Pipenberg paid no attention to a good
sized leak, the water from which was being
blown a long distance.
Mrs-. Pipenberg chanced to look up ana
just as she did so the whole of the bottom
fell out of the tank and she was instantly
deluged with 5000 gallons of clear cold
water. In addition to the fright and the
sudden baptism from above "Mrs. Pipen
berg was struck by some pieces of lumber
and badly hurt. " She was taken to Dr.
Huntin ton's surgery and attended to and
being somewhat advanced in years the
shock and the injuries are somewhat
critical.
An examination of the tank showed that
it had worked to and fro, owing to the
braces being slack, until the staves had
become loosened from the bottom. An.
extra sway released the bottom and Mrs.
Pipenberg received the contents.
UNITARIANS AND SUFFRAGE.
Miss Susan B. Anthony on the Cause for
Which She Labors.
The announcement that Miss Susan B.
Anthony would give an address at the
Second Unitarian Church drew a large
audience to the place of worship on Capp
and Twentieth streets last evening.
Rev. A. J. Weils came out strongly for
suffrage for women, directing some minis
terial sarcasm at the Apostle Paul,
whose "dead hand had overshadowed the
ages." He concluded by introducing Miss
Anthony.
That lady said her theme was "The
Moral Influence of the Ballot," but she
proposed to devote some time to the power
lessness of woman without the ballot. In
that connection she described her early
struggles for recognition in deliberative
bodies composed of men, early in the 40's
in New York.
Following this line of reminiscence she
spoke of similar efforts on the part of Rev.
Antoinette Brown and Mrs. Amelia
Bloomer. It was when a "young frip of a
lawyer from the rural districts" spoke in
terms of derision ot a petition by women
and, after .the offending document had
fallen to the floor, "hit it a kick" that she
resolved to work for the time when a
woman's name and a woman's opinion
would have as much weight as a man's.
She argued tnat no one need fear the
vote of bad women, considering that there
is but one woman to thirty men in the
prisons and purlieus of cities. She
claimed further that bad women as well
as bad men had high ideals and would
vote for candidates better than them
selves. - : 'b*iy*:-.
She urged the voters present to work for
the insertion of a suffrage plank in their
party platform, else, she said, "no plant
in the party platform will mean silence by
press and politicians and death to the
amendment."
For High School Athletes.
The managers ot the Caledonian games that
will be held at Shell Mound Park on May 30,
under the auspices of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Amateur Athletic Union, have offered a
fine banner to be competed for by the athletes
of the Lowell High School and the Polytechnic
high schools of this City and the hieh schools
of Berkeley and Oakland, all of which have
agreed to enter the inter-high school contest
that is to be made a feature of the games on
Decoration day. It is the intention to offer
two other prizes for amateurs, probably for
vaulting and sprinting.
illi^!M__i__ ffii
TO^j^_^lLl
l '__""•_-'
s TOfitr
iii.
; __. """^ ■ "•'.- . ~" J
A smart Broadway, New
1 V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the v
new era of * drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
- _ . . . . — _ __
Auction Sates
GEO. F. LIMSOI, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4 lO Kearny Street.
THIS DAY.
Monday .....April 13, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. _. on the Premises,
2517 California Street, ; bb;
1 will sell ,- -;•
THE FURNITURE OF RESIDENCE,
'.*':'" : . ...COMPRISING ...
1 Kranich & Bach square Grand . Piano, 1
Parlor Set lii French Hair Cloth, odd pieces Up-
■ holstery, valuable Paintings, fine Lace Curtains,
' Center-Tables, Ornaments. Superior Body Brus-
sels Carpets, fine Rugs, Walnut Chamber Furni-
ture,' Wardrobes, Light Ash Chamber Suit, Chif-
fonier, Desks. Best Curled Hair Mattresses, White
Blankets, Walnut Dining-Room Furniture, inten-
sion Table, Dining Chairs; China, Crockery and
Glassware; assortment Kitchen, Laundry and Gar-
den Utensils, eta Terms cash.
GEO. F. DAMSON, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
319-321 Sutter Street, above Grant aye.
AT salesroom THIS day, y
Monday.... April 13, at 10:30 A. M.,
I will sell a large and select variety of new China-
ware, Glassware, Crockery, Oraniteware, Tinware,
1 Diebold Safe, 1 National Cash Register, 6 Scales,
1 Coffee Mill, and a large variety of Household
Furniture, Carpets, etc.
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
NEW TO-DAY.
REPOBLICAIi^RIMABIES.
Mice to the Repnbliean Voters of
San Francisco.
Official Call for a Primary Election
In That Portion of San Francisco
Comprising: the Fourth Congres-
sional District.
At a meeting of the Republican County Commit-
teemen of that portion of the City and County of
San Francisco embraced within the Fourth Con-
gressional District held on the 3d day of Ap.il,
1896, the following resolutions were adopted:
Whereas, The Republican State Central Com-
mittee of the state of California on the 29th day
or February, 1896, issued a call for a Republican
State Convention, to be held In the city of Sacra-
mento, State of California, on the 6th day of May.
1896. and also for Republican District conventions
In and for the several Congressional districts of the
State of California, to select delegates to the Re-
publican National Convention to be held in St.
Louis, Mo., on the 16th day of June, 1896. and for
the transaction of such otheaaud further business
as may be brought before the said State and dis-
trict conventions; and
Whereas. The said State Central Committee at
its aforesaid meeting and In said cal! provided that
the basis of representation in said conventions
should be as follows : One delegate for each As-
sembly district within the Congressional disrict;
one delegate for each 200 votes cast for the Hon.
; M. M. F.stee, the Republican candidate for Gover-
; nor in 1894, and one delegate for each fraction of
100 votes or over; and
Whereas. In accordance with the said last-
named provision the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict is entitled to sixty-seven delegates in said State
and district conventions: and
Whereas, The aforesaid State Central Commit-
I tee, by a resolution duly and regularly passed,
j further provided that the members of "the State
Central Committee for each Congressional district
I should constitute a committee whose duty it
| should be to select a Congressional committee of
seven persons from the residents of each such dis-
| trict. in whom should be vested the power and
i authority to provide for the selection of delegates
! to the said State and district conventions within
| their respective districts; and
Whereas, At a meeling of the said members of
the said State Central Committee from the Fourth |
Congressional District duly and regularly' held
j within said district, the said committee of seven
■ was duly and regularly selected to compose said
Congressional committee and was- invested with
the powers and duties delegated to such Congres-
sional committee by the Republican National
Committee and by the said State Central Commit-
tee: and
Whereas. The said Congressional committee
of seven, in and for the said Fourth Congressional
■ District, at a meeting thereof held on the 13th day
of March, 1896, duly adopted a resolution delegat-
i Ing to the Republican County Committeemen for
1 that portion of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco embrace in the Fourth Congressional District
the power and discretion to determine the manner
: and supervision of the selection of delegates to the
. said State and district conventions and to provide
j for the selection thereof, by appointment or by pri-
! Mary election, as in their discretion shall seem
i best, subject, however, to the supervision of said
i Congressional committee of seven- Now, therefore
| belt
! Resolved, That the Republican County Commit-
' teemen of the City and County of San Francisco
i embraced within the Fourth Congressional District,
i acting under and in pursuance of its aforesaid au- i
thorny, do hereby order and call a primary elec-
tion to be held in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, that portion thereof embraced within the
Fourth Congressional District, on the 15th day of
April. 1896, for the purpose hereinafter specified,
in accordance with the laws governing primary
elections as prescribed by the Political ana Penal
Codes of the state of California. .
Resolved, That said primary election shall be
held on the 15th day of April, 1896, the polls to be
kept open continuously between the hours of one
(1) o'clock and seven (7) o'clock in the afternoon
of said day.
Resolved, That there shall be two polling-places
In eacb Assembly district In the City and County
of San Francisco embraced within the said Fourth
Congressional District, and that for each of said
j polling-places the board of election shall consist of
one inspector, two judges and two clerks.
Resolved, That the polling-places must be on the
i ground floor and the ballot-boxes be so placed as
j to be plainly seen from the sidewalk, and that free
! and uninterrupted ingress must be given In each
i polling-place to electors entitled to vo-e thereat,
and also to such representative or alternate of each
I set of candidates that may be voted for at each
, polling-place as shall present the credentials here-
j inafter provided for to the board of election at such
! polling-place.
Resolved, That printed cards of admission to each
I of the polling-places shall be given to the repre-
! sentatives of each set of candidates requesting the
■ same. The said request must be in wr ting and
i signed by a majority of the candidates on each set
i of tickets. The cards of admission shall be signed
by the chairman and secretary of this committee
and shall contain the name of the party entitled to
admission and the polling-place at which it is In-
tended to be used. The officerjof election may
give permission to said persoiTa presenting said
cards of admission to enter the polling-place before
the opening of the. polls and to remain there
until the canvass is completed and all the re urns
are properly signed and sealed up. In the event
of the failure on the part of the election officers to
admit such persons holding cards of admission to !
the polling-place, such person may call upon the
police officers aetailed for such duty at such poll- i
ing-place, and such police officer may use all law- j
: ful means to take such person Inside the polling- '
i place. The Chief of Police is requested to give
; Instructions to his officers to enforce this resolu- i
j tion. Persons ho dine cards of admission may be '.
I relieved by a duly appointed and authorized alter- '
' rate, who shall have the same rights and privi- .
i leges as the first regular representative upon pre-
| sen tat of the card of admission issued to tne
| said original representative.
j Resolved, That no barricade or other ■. obstruction
I shall be erected or maintained In front of any
polling-place, but that the said polling-place shall j
I be free from all obstructions, as they are at general I
elections, and we hereby give notice that no returns i
will be received or counted as official from any. '
polling-place where this provision has been !
violated. ■< ■
•Resolved, That the official ballot-box at each poll- '
ing-place must remain in plain unobstructed !
view from the opening to the close of the polls, ,
and be so placed that the voter may easily see the i
j top of the box and his ballot deposited. The rep- '•
j resentatives of all tickets must be permitted to re-
main inside the polling-place and in such position i
that they can at oil times witness unobstructed
the reception of the ballot from the voter and the '
I depositing of the same in the ballot-box by the in- j
spector or judge of elections who receives the bal- j
lot.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or solicit-
ing of votes shall be permitted within 100 feet of :
the polls, and the committee requests the police
officers on duty to keep the polls free. and unob- j
structed at all times. This shall not be construed
to apply to the presence of challengers.
Resolved, That an official map of the district,
showing the boundaries of its various precincts,
shall be posted in a conspicuous place outside of
the polling-places. . < .„■
Resolved, That in addition to all other grounds of
challenge in the .laws of the State governing gen- ;
eral elections this committee hern by directs and .
orders that the following and additional test be
given to voters: "I believe in Republican ' princi-
ples and indorse the Republican policy, and Intend j
to support the nominees of the Republican party." '
Resolved, That this committee shall procure and j
provide for each polling-place a bailor-box, such as )
Is used at the general elections, and also at least !
two copies of the precinct register, embracing the :
boundaries of the Assembly District, and for each j
particular polling-place one copy of such precinct '
register must remain at all times Inside of the !
polling-place and retained' by tbe election board :
for tbe purpose* of ascertaining whether the name I
of the voter appears on such precinct register, and
to place a check opposite the name of the voter
after h" has voted. -. y .. ■ '■*■■ / -
f~ Resolved, That for said primary election only the
printed precinct registers used at the general elec-
tion held in .-November. 1891. shall .be used, and
no person shall be permitted to vote whose name
does not appear in the precinct register In one of
the precincts within: the polling districts of the
Assembly district in which he otters to vote.
Resolved, That the delegates- elected from the
City and County of San Francisco, In and for said
Congressional- District, at said primary election,
shall be and tbey are . hereby empowered and au-
thorized to meet In said State Convention and in
said District Convention, and to transact the busi-
ness provided in the call of the National Republi-
can Committee and the l Republican state Central
Committee. .-..'.
:- Resolved, That In pursuance of the provisions of
the call of the Republican. National Committee
and oi the Lepublican State Central Committee
HEW TO-DAY.
the election of delegates to the said State and Dis-
trict conventions will be held in and by Assembly
districts. Each Assembly district of the said City
and County of San Francisco within said Fourth
Congressional District Is to elect the number of
delegates hereinafter provided.
Resolved, That the number of delegates to be
select from the several Assembly districts of the
City and County of San Francisco embraced with-
in said Fourth Congressional District and appor-
tionment thereof is as follows: *
Twenty-eighth Assembly District-Fve (5) dele-
gates.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— Five (5) dele-
gates.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Six (61 delegates.
Thirty-first Assembly District— Six '61 delegates
Thirty-second Assembly District— Four (41 dele-
gates. v '
Thirty-third Assembly District— Six (6) delegates.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— Nine (9) dele-
gates. * ■
Forty-second Assembly District— Eight (81 dele-
gates. ' y
Forty-third Assembly District— Seven (7) dele-
gates. *
Forty-fourth Assembly District— (61 dele-
gates. - v ■■--■ -
Forty-fifth Assembly District— (5) dele-
gates.
The number of delegates so apportioned must
be voted for by Assembly districts.
Resolved, That, all ballots voted at the primary
election roust be twelve Inches in length and six
Inches wide. The paper shall be of a ping color,
and shall be In the type required by the election
laws now in force, and worded as follows:
" Assemby District
_ , for -
Delegates to Republican State Convention, and
Republican District Convention for the Fourth
Congressional District."
Numbers to be followed consecutively according
to the number of delegates to which each Assem-
bly District may be entitled.
Resolved, That the time and manner of the pub-
lication of the notice of said prlmarv election shall
be by publishing the entire call for said primary
election in a newspaper of general circulation pub-
lished in the City and County of San Francisco,
for at least five days prior to and including said
day on which the primary election Is to be held.
Resolved, That within one hour after the canvass
of the vote at each polling-place, and when all the
returns have been properly signed and sealed by
the election board and clerks of election, the re-
turns must be brought in properly sealed packages
by one of the election board designated by the
board for that purpose, to the chairman of this
committee, at the place previously designated for
that purpose. The chairman of this committee
shall mark on each package received by him the
day and hour of its receipt. He shall also give a
receipt to the party from whom he receives the
package. The chairman of this committee shall
take all necessary care and precaution for the safe-
keeping of all packages delivered to him and keep
them in bis custody intact and unopened until the
time designated for the opening and canvassing of
the returns.
Resolved, That this committee be and Is hereby
constituted a returning and canvassing board to
open the returns from each polling place, foot up
the returns and the total number of votes cast for
each candidate for delegate to said State and dis-
trict conventions. This committee shall meet In
said City of San Francisco in the evening of the
day on whicb said primary election is held to open
and canvass the said returns and continue In ses-
sion until all the returns from each and every poll-
ing-place have been fully canvassed. After the i
returns have been completely canvassed they |
shall be certified by this committee to the Con-
gressional committee of seven in and for tbe said |
Fourth Congressional District, which will act as a
returning board thereon and will certify the result
thereof to the aforesaid Slate and district conven-
tions. The said meetings of this committee shall
be public.
Resolved. That in all precincts or districts where
Republican voters fail to vote for tne apportion-
ment of delegates to which tbey may be entitled,
or where fraud at the said primary election is
provt.i beyond question to this committee, then
this committee shall have power to appoint the
delegates to represent said district in said State
and district conventions, and shall certify their
said appointment to tbe said Congressional com-
mittee of seven in and for said district.
j Resolved, That the committee hereby Insists that
I a free and untrammeied ballot and an honest
i count must be carried out and rigidly enforced at
' said primary election: that all attempts to deviate
from this principle should be discountenanced, and
that those guilty of frauds or parties thereto should
be disbarred from said and all other conventions,
and that if it shall appear at any polling-place that
there Is or has been any fraud or wrong committed,
or the rights of any citizen to cast his free and un-
trammeied ballot and to have the same honestly
counted has been In any way interfered with, this
committee will set aside and" declare null and void
the election at said polling-place, and shall proceed
to provide the representation to which said district
is entitled In said convention, as above set forth.
The election officers in this call provided for will
! receive their credentials, election paraphernalia,
, at the rooms of this committee.
All tickets to be voted for at said primary elec-
tion shall be filed with the secretary of this com-
mittee on or before 12 o'clock noon Monday, April
13, 1896, and all votes cast at said primary elec-
tion for persons other than persons whose names
appear upon one or more of such tickets shall be
counted as scattering.
The Assembly districts within the Fourth Con-
gressional District are divided into polling districts
j and polling places therefor fixed as follows:
Twenty-eighth District— Polling-place No. 1, 122
Second street; precincts 7 to 15 Inclusive. Poll-
ing-place No. 2, 415 Folsom street; precincts 1 to
6 inclusive and 16, 17, 18.
Twenty-ninth District.— Polling-place No. 1,
728*7. Howard street; precincts 2. 5, 6, 7, 10, 11,
14. 15, 17. 18. Polling-place No. 2, 810 Howard
street; precincts 1, 3, 4, 8, 9, 12. 13, 16, 19.
Thirtieth District— Polling- place No. 1, 1006
Howard; precincts 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 6, 7, 17.
Polling-place No. 2, 1021 Howard; precincts 8
to 16 inclusive.
Thirty-first District— Polling-place No. 1, 1203
Mission: precincts 1 to 7 inclusive.
Polling-place No. 2, 1367 Folsom; precincts 8 to
17 inclusive.
Thirty-second District— Polling-place No. 1, 602
Third; precincts 1 to 9 inclusive and 12.
Polling-place No. 2, 1040 Kentucky: precincts
10,11. 15.
Thirty-third District— Polling-place No. 1, 225
Twenty-fourth: precincts 1 to 6 inclusive.
Polling-place No. 2, southeast corner Kentucky
and Sierra; precincts 7 to 14 inclusive.
Thirty-ninth District— Polling-place No. 1, north-
west corner Polk and Hayes; precincts 1 to 9 in-
clusive. -''".'--
Polling-place No. 2, 1019 Larkin; precincts 10 to
17 Inclusive.
Forty-second District— Polling-place No. 1, 209
Ellis: precincts 1 to 6 inclusive.
Polling-place No. 2, 1339 California; precincts 7
to 14 inclusive.
Forty-third District— Polling-place No. 1, Califor-
nia Hall, Bush, near Powell; precincts 8 to 16 in
ciuslve.
Polling-place No. 2, 128 O'Farrell; precincts 1 to
7 inclusive.
Forty-fourth District— Polling-place No. 1, 440
Green; precincts 1, 2, 3, 4, 9, 11, 12, 13 and 14.
Polling-place No. 2, 604 Lombard; precincts 5,
6, 7, 8, 10, 15. 16, 17.
Forty-fifth District— Polling-place N0.1— 520 Bat-
tery: precincts 1 to 8 Inclusive.
Polling-Dlace No. 2. northwest corner Battery
and Green; precincis 9 to 17 inclusive.
By order of said committee.
J. M. CHRETIEN, Chairman.
P. J. Walsh, Secretary.
1 Dated April 3, 1896.
: ; ■_■
Official Call for a Primary Election
in That Portion of San Francisco
Lying Within the Fifth Congres-
*• sional District.
At a meeting of the Republican County Commit- i
teemen cf that portion of the City and County of j
San Francisco embraced within the Fifth Con- !
gressional District held on the 4th day of April, |
! 1896, the following resolutions were adopted:
Whereas, The Republican State Central Com- I
mittee of the State of California on the 29th day i
; of February, 1896. Issued a cnll for a Republican I
State Convention, to -be held in the city of sacra- j
mento, State of California, on the sih day of May, !
1896. and also for Republican District conventions j
: n and for the several Congressional districts of the >
State of California, to select delegates to the Re- j
! publican National Convention to be held In St.
Louis, Mo., on the 16th day or June. 1896. and for ,
I the transaction of such other and further business I
as may be brought before the said State and dis- I
! trict conventions: and ;>--;
Whereas, The said State Central Committee at j
' its aforesaid meeting and in said call provided that
the basis of representation In said conventions
I should be as follows: one delegate for each As- '
; sembly district within the Congressional dis'rict; I
! one delegate for each 200 votes cast for the Hon. I
, M. M. Estee. the Repub'ican candidate for Gov- I
i ernor In 1894, and one delegate for each fraction j
of 100 votes or over: and
Whereas, In accordance with the said Inst- j
named provision the Fifth Congressional district
is entitled to fifty-five delegates in said State and
district conventions; and i
Whereas, The aforesaid .State Central Com- j
; mittee, by a resolution duly and regularly passed, !
further provided that the members of the State I
Central . Committee for each Congressional Dis- I
trict should constitute a committee whose duty it I
should be to select a Congressional . committee of j
[ seven persons from the residents of each such dis- ''•
trie. in whom should be vested the power and au- '
thority to provide for the selection of delegates to i
j the said state : and district conventions within
their respective districts: and
Whereas, At a meeting of the said members of j
i the said State Central Committee from the Fifth I
Congressional District duly and re,ulany held '
: within said district, the said committee of seven [
was duly and regularly selected to compose said
_ Congressional committee and was invested with i
( the powers and duties delegated to such Congres- '
j sional committee by the Republican National com-
mittee and by the said State Central Committee-
: and
Whereas, The said Congressional committee
of seven, in and for the said Fifth Congressional
District, at a meeting thereof held on the 17th day
of March, 1896. duly adopted a resolution delegat- I
ing to the Republican County Committeemen for
that portion of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco embraced in the Fifth Congressional District
the power and discretion to determine the manner
and supervision of the selection of delegates to the
said State and district conventions and to provide
for the selection thereof, by appointment or by pri-
mary election, as in their discretion shall seem
best, subject, however, to the supervision of said
Congressional committee of seven. Now, there-
fore, belt -..- ■ . . -y.
Resolved. That tbe Republican County Commit-
teemen of the City and I County of San" Francisco
embraced within the Fifth Congressional District.
acting under and -In pursuance of Its aforesaid
authority, do hereby order and call a primary elec-
tion to be held in the City and County of San
Francisco, • that portion thereof embraced within
the Fifth Congressional District, on the 15th day
of April, 1896, for the purposes hereinafter speci-
fied,. in accordance- with..- the laws governing
primary elections as prescribed by the Politico:
and Penal Codes of the State of Cat'ifornia.
Resolved, That said * primary election . shall be
held on the 15th day of April, 1896, the polls to be
, kept open continuously between the hours of one
NEW TO-DAY.
(1), o'clock and seven (7) o'clock in the afternoon
of said day.
Resolved, That there shall be two polling-places
In each Assembly district In the City and County
of San Francisco embraced within the said Fifth
Congressional District, and that for each of said
polling-places the board of election shall consist of
one inspector, two judges and two clerks.
Resolved, That the polling-places must be on the
ground floor and i he ballot-boxes be so placed as
to be plainly seen from the sidewalk, and that free
and uninterrupted Ingress must be given in each
polling-place to electors entitled to vote thereat,
and also to such representative or alternate of each
set of candidates that may be voted for at eacb
polling-place as shall present the credentials here-
inafter provided for to the board of election at
such polling-place.
. Resol ved. That printed cards of admission to eacb
of the polling-places shall be given to the repre-
sentatives of each set of candidates requesting the
same. The said request must be in writing and
signed by a majority of the candidates on each set
ef tickets. The cards of admission shall be signed
by the chairman and secretary of this committee
and shall contain the name of the party entitled to
admission and the polling-place at which it is in-
tended to be used. The officers of election may
give permission to said persons presenting said
cards of admission to enter the polling-place before
the opening of the polls and to remain there
until the canvass is completed end all the returns
are properly signed and sealed up. In the event
of the failure on the part of the election officers to
admit such persons holding cards of admission to
the polling-place, such person may call upon the
police officers detailed for such duty at such poll-
ing-place, and such police officer may use all law-
ful means to take such person inside the polling-
place. The Chief of Police is requested to give
Instructions to his officers to enforce this resolu-
tion. Persons holding cards of admission may be
relieved by a duly appointed and authorized alter-
nate, who shall have the same rights and privi-
leges as the first regular representative upon pre-
sentation of the card of admission issued to the
said original representative.
Resolved, That no barricade or other obstruction
shall be erected or maintained in front of any
polling-place, but that the said polling-places shall
be free from all obstructions, as they are at gen-
eral elections, and we hereby give notice that no
returns will be received or counted as official from
any polling-place where this provision Las been
violated.
Resolved, That the official ballot-box at each
polling-place must remain sn a plain unobstructed
view from the opening to the close of the polls,
and be so placed that the voter may easily see the
top of the box and his ballot deposited. The rep-
resentatives of all tickets must be permitted to re-
main Inside the polling-place and In such position
that they can a: all times witness unobstructed
the reception of the ballot from the voter and the
depositing of the same in the ballot-box by the In-
spector or judge of elections who receives the
ballot.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or solicit-
ing of votes shall be permitted within 100 feet of
the polls, and the committee requests the police
officers on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
structed at all times. This shall not be construed
to apply to the presence of challengers.
Resolved, That an official map of the district
showing the boundaries of Its various precincts
shall be posted In a conspicuous place outside of
the polling-places.
Resolved, That in addition to all other grounds of
challenge in the laws of the State governing gen-
eral elections this committee hereby directs and
j orders that the following and additional test be
| given to voters: -'I believe in Republican princi-
ples and Indorse the Republican policy, and intend
I to support the nominees of the Republican party."
Resolved, That this committee shall procure and
provide for each polling-place a ballot-box, such as
is used at the general elections, and, also, at least
two copies of the precinct register, embracing the
boundaries of the Assembly District, and for each
particular polling place one copy of such precinct
register must remain at all limes inside of the
polling-place and retained by the election board
for the purposes of ascertaining whether the name
of the voter appears on such precinct register, and
to place a check opposite the name of the voter
after he has voted. ;-. :. : -
Resolved, That for said primary election only the
printed precinct registers used at the general elec-
tion held In November, 1894. shall be used, and
no person shall be permitted to vote whose name
does not appear in the precinct register in one of
of the precincts within the polling district of the
Assembly District in which he offers to vote.
Resolved, That the delegates elected from the
City and County of San Franc sco, in and for said
Congressional District, at said primary election,
shall be and they are hereby empowered and au-
thorized to meet in said State Convention and In
said District Convention, and to transact the busi-
ness provided in the call of the National Republi-
can Committee and the Republican State Central
Committee.
Resolved, That In pursuance of the provisions of
the call of the Rebublican National Committee
ana of the Republican State Central Committee, the
election of delegates to the Said State and district
conventions will be held in and by Assembly
districts. Each Assembly district of the said City
and county of San Francisco within said Fifth
Congressional District is to elect the number of
delegates hereinafter provided.
Resolved, That the number of delegates to be
selected from the several Assembly districts of the
City and County of San Francisco embraced
within said Fifth Congressional District and ap-
portionment thereof is as follows:
Thirty-fourth Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
gates.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District, six (6) delegates.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District, seven (7) dele-
gates. -v.:.-.- ',".--
Thirty-seventh Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
gates.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
gates.
Fortieth Assembly District, nine (9) delegates.
Forty-first Assembly District, nine (9) delegates.
The number of delegates so apportioned must be
voted for by Assembly districts.
Resolved, That all ballots voted at the primary
election must be twelve inches in length and six
Inches wide. The paper shall be of a pink color,
and shall be In the type required by the election
laws now in force, and worded as follows:
" Assembly District
for
Delegates to Republican State Convention, and
Republican District Convention for the Fifth
Congressional District."
" Numbers to be followed consecutively according
to the number of delegates to which each Assembly
District may be entitled. ,
Resolved, That tbe time and manner of the pub-
lication of the notice of said primary election shall
be by publishing the entire call for said primary
election in a newspaper of general circulation pub-
lish d in the City and County of San Francisco,
for at least five days prior to and including said
day on which the primary election is to be held.
Resolved, That within one hour after the canvass
of the vote at each polling-place, and when all the
returns have been pro erly signed and sealed by
the election board and clerks of election, the re-
turns must be brought in properly sealed packages
by one of tne election board designated by the
board for that purpose, to the chairman of this
committee, at the place previously designated for
that purpose. The chairman of" this committee
shall mark on each package received by him the
day and hour of its receipt. He shall also give a
receipt to the party from whom he receives the
package. The chairman of this committee shall
take all necessary care and precaution for the safa
keeping of all packages delivered to him and keep
them In his custody intact and unopened until the
time designated for the opening and canvassing of
the returns. ' '•■■ »u:v •
Resolved, That this committee be and is hereby
constituted a returning and canvassing board to
open the returns from each polling place, foot up
the returns and the total number of votes cast for
each candidate for delegate to said State and dis-
trict conventions. This committee shall meet in
said City of san Francisco in the evening of the
day on which said primary election is held to open
and canvass the said returns and continue in ses-
sion until all tbe returns from each and every poll-
ing-place have been fully canvassed. After the
returns have been completely canvassed they shall
be certified by this committee to the Congressional
committee of seven In and for the said Fifth Con-
gressional District, which will ac; as a returning
board thereon and will certify the result thereof to
the aforesaid State and District conventions. The
j said meetings of this committee shall be public.
- Resolved, That in all precincts or districts where
Republican voters fail to vote for the apiortlon-
meht of delegates to which they may be entitled,
orwhere fraud at ' the said primary election is
proven beyond question to this committee, then
this committee shall have power to appoint tns
delegates to represent said district in said State
and district conventions, and shall certify their
said appointment to the said Congressional com-
mittee of seven in and for said district.
Resolved, That this committee hereby Insists that
a free and untrammeied ballot and an honest
count must be carried out and rigidly enforced at
said primary election: that all attempts to deviate
from this principle should be discountenanced, and
that those guilty of frauds or parties thereto should
be disbarred from said and all other conventions,
and that if it shall appear at any polling-place that
there is or has been any fraud or wrong committed,
or the r.gbts of any citizen to cast his free and un-
trammeied ballot and to have the same honestly
counted has been in any way Interfered with, this
committee will set aside and declare null and void
the election at said polling-place, and shall proceed
to provide the representation to which said district
is entitled in said convention, as above set forth.
The election officers in this call provided for will
receive their credentials, election paraphernalia,
at the rooms of this committee.
All tickets to be voted for at said primary elec-
tion shall be filed with the secretary of this com-
mittee on or before 12 o'clock noon Monday, April
3. 1896, and all votes cast at said primary election
for persons other than persons whose names ap-
pear upon one or more of such tickets shall be
counted as scattering.
The Assembly districts within the Fifth Con-
gressional Diitrict are divided into polling districts
and poll places therefor fixed as follows:
• Ihirty-fourth District— Polling-place No. 1, 1733
Mission; precincts 1 to 10 inclusive. Polling
place No. 2, 336 Nineteenth street, near Valencia;
precincis 11 to 19 inclusive.
Thirty-fifth District— Polling-place No. 1, 641
Twenty-fourth street, near Valencia; precincts 2,
3, 4. 5,*6 and 7. Polling-place No. 2. 1606 Valen- .
cia street : precincts 1, 8, 9. 10. 11, 12.
Thirty-sixth District— Polling place No. 1, 845
Seventeenth: precincts 1 to 8 inclusive.
Polling place No. 2— Twenty-fourth and Castro ;
precincts 9 016 inclusive. -.•'•
Thirty-seventh District— Polling place No. 1,
300 Gough (Republican Wigwam); precincts 1 to 9
inclusive.
Polling-place No. 2— Northeast - corner of Oak
and Devlsadero streets;. precincts 10 to 18 incln-
si ye. '.•'■■■'*'•
Thirty-eighth District— Polling-place No. I. north-
east corner of Gough and McAllister streets; pre-
cincts 1, 2, 3,4, 5, 7, 8, 9. '
Polling-place No 2—1703 Eddy, near Pierce;
precincts 6, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15. '
Fortieth District— Polling-place No. 3, north-
east corner, Post and Laguna streets; precincts 1.
2, 3, 4.5,6.7.8, 16.
Polling-place No. 2— Northeast corner of . Sutter
and Devlsadero; precincts 9 to 15 Inclusive.
; Forty-first District— Polling-place No. North-
east corner Pacific and Polk; precincts 1 to 10 in-
clusive. - .
Polling-place No. 2— Union and Steiner; pre-
cincts 11 to 16 inclusive.
! By order of said committee. .
; CHARLES W. MAN WARING, Chairman.
JOHN JACKSON, Secretary.
Dated April 4. 1896.
1112
OLYMPICS AS AMATEURS
They Will Forestall Any Expose
That May Come From
the East.
Caspar Whitney's Attacks and the
Professional Boxing Contests
Arouse Discussion.
The directors of the Olympic Club are
about to inquire into the amateur stand
in-; of certain members who have been
made the subject of the recent investiga
tions of tne committees of the Pacific
branch of the Amateur Athletic Union.
The names of the doubtful amateurs are j
not yet known in the club, but it is the in
tention to take some official notice of vio- j
lations of the amateur rules before the re
port of the committee shall have been
acted upon in the East at the headquarters
of the Amateur Athletic Union. It is the
■intention of the club to show in advance
its disapproval of questionable amateur- ,
ism, rather than wait silently until the
public may possibly learn from the East j
that the authorities have declared certain j
Olympic Club men to be professional ath- j
letes.
John Elliott, one of the committee of j
.three on amateur standing that it is be- I
lieved has already completed its report, is '
a member of the Olympic Club, and
through him it is hoped that a tip may be
given as to which of his own clubmen are
on the blacklist.
• There is great diversity of opinion
among the Olympians concerning the ef
fects of Caspar Whitney's attacks upon
the club's amateur standing and also as to
what may result from the prospective pro
fessional boxing tournament to - be given
outside of the club, but a?- a benefit to it.
Kington, the Olympic center-rush, says
that Whitney is kicking at long range and
relying Largely upon what some man here
writes him, and that he need not look so
far to rclorm club athletics, as the New
York Athletic Club, the largest club in the
world, is a pretty good subject for his
treatment. Kington fears that Whitney's
public disparagement of Olympic purity
in athletics will discourage many amateurs
from longer attempting to conform to the
strictest rales.
Captain Gill, chairman of the outdoor
committee, and a member of the board of
directors, does not believe that boxing can
be carried on as an amateur sport.
The participants, many of whom are j
young men on small salary, cannot devote j
several weeks to strict training alone and
be out of pocket for training expenses !
while they are not earning anything.
The amateur limit of a $35 prize" is not |
sufficient, and entrance into the profes- I
sional ranks is the result. Several of the ;
Olympic boxers who have heretofore
boxed as amateurs will in consequence !
appear in the coming tournaments as j
avowed professionals.
At one time the amateur boxer was
allowed so-called training expenses, but l
the Amateur Athletic Union has recently
put a stop to the practice. "I think that
after this," continued Gill, "whenever the
club wants to give a benefit it will have
these professional boxing contests; it is
simply the hiring of professional perform
ers 10 give an exhibition. That is the aray
the directors feel about it.
"Ail the other branches of athletics will
remain and will be maintained Simon
pure."
D. X. Short, another director of the club,
feels that the inauguration of professional
boxing practically under the auspices of
an amateur cluo will result in a law being
passed by the Amateur Athletic Union
forbidding it. He says that the rules of
the union are more* or less arbitrarily
formed by the Eastern branch, which
made class B and class A men for certain
sports about as it pleases without asking
any advice from the branch on this coast.
"We represent about as well recognized
athletic institutions as they do in the East
and 1 think the sooner we get out of the
union and organize out here for ourselves
the better. We could make our own ama
teur rules and not be dictated to from a
distance.
"I purpose to see about this list of Olym
pic men accused of professionalism so that
something may be done -by the directors
before they stir up a sensation in the
East."
SPORTSMEN'S OUTING.
The Lovers of Free Sport Enjoy a Pic
nic.
Captain Fred Schumann, proprietor of
Echuetzen park, welcomed over 1000 pleas
ure seekers to his pleasure grounds yes
terday. he visitors included J. Ahem,
president of the Sportsmen's Protective
Association, and 600 members of the asso
ciation.
The day and the crowd of pleasure seek
ers was everything that could be desired
and the variety of games and number of
prizes to be won acted as an additional in
centive.
The list of prizes ran from a pair of
lady's silk hose to a $50 suit of clothes for a
gentleman, and numbered over 100, as the
offerings of San Francisco business men in
sympathy with the objects of the asso
ciation.
President W. J. Ahem and Secretary 0.
T. Fitzsimmons superintended the man
agement of the association, while the fol
lowing members took charge of the ar
rangement of the picnic: W. J. Ahem,
11. Rutin, E. C. Hisgen, Frank Sweeny
and J. Schneider.
The following are the names of those
winning the principal prizes:
Members' race. 220 yards— First, W. H.
Russell; second. M. Scector.
At 440 yards— First, E. J. Crane; second,
L. B. Edwards.
Free-for-all race, 220 yards — First,
Charles Grant; second, Frank King.
At 440 yards— First, Frank Wilson: sec
ond, Al Meinhardt.
Bicycle race— Five started and after two
heats a finish was had, with. Harry Walp
man the winner and George Walpman
second.
Dancing prize— King McManns won the
first prize as being the most graceful
waltzer. Mr. and Mrs. Colvert, William
Koberts and Mrs. Brown received recogni
tion and prizes at the hands of Judges
L. A. Syser, Burgess and Mauser.
There is no creature which possesses a
more sensitive bearing than the cat.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Ca___
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-630 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock. ■
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*. «_•_
_____ 9 o'clock. :yy:,yy :
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
{Kg* OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. __
Br-*" and A. M.— Called meeting for THIS __"_.
(Mondavi EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Firstly
degree, By order of W. M. /^(r\
EDW. F. DELGER. Secretary.
K^> KING SOLOMON'S LODGE, No. __"*
O^y 260, F. and A. M., corner Geary and _■"_,
Sieiner sts.— Called meeting THIS 'SlO\-'_f __f
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. FIRST /V>
DEGREE. Byorderof the Master.
HARRY HA EH it, Secretary.
JJ^jS' OKD E X OF CHOSEN .j^c^i.
Qr-^s* Friends— The (.rand Council of I *i*l-
- <-Morula will convene In Memorial WW****
Hall. Odd Fellows' building, TUESDAY, April 14,
at lOo'cloc-: a. m. S. C. WALL is, .
_^ Grand Recorder. -
SPECIAL NOTICES^
BAD TI_NANTs"~KfES*j^
"^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy st.,*room ti. lei. 6580.
■_^B» WINDOWS ' CLEANED AND FLOOKS
** scrubbed; reasonable rates-, payment for
_*_oa_:e_ guaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO., 242 Sutter,
DIVIDEND NOTICES. b
**p : 3==~lm'*TDE^^^ r o^ NEVADA
Bt^^ Bank of San Francisco. The Board of Direc-
tors of this bank have declared a dividend (No. 16)
for the quarter ending March 31 at the rate of six
(6) percent per annum, payable on and after the
16th of April. Transfer-books will be closed from
the lOih to the loth Ins:., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, secretary.
San Francisco, April 8, 1896. v - .' -
SITUATION'S WANTED-FEMALE.
WAITING AND UPSTAIRS GIRLS, $16 to
>» $25; first-class cooks, $20 to 830: general
housework girls, $12 to $20. MISS HICKEA*.
1033 Post St., tel. Sutter 62. --■.-'■
INFANTS NURSE — BEST CITY REFER-
-1 ence. MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post St., tol. Sut-
ter 52. ''-'"'*",.*
""""MRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK: AN EXCEL-
P lent Scotch nurse; a German seamstrees and
; nurse; a competent Swedish waitress and parlor:
: 4 first-class cooks: an Irish nurse for infants, can
i furnish 5 years' reference;: 10 neat willing Irish
I housework girls, are registered for situations; all
1 these people have reliable city references. For
'■ further particulars address Miss PLUNKETT,
; 424 Sutler st., telephone main 5472.
OMPETENT DANISH COOK - AND LAUN-
dress desires situation ; best references: city or
| country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
! I A DIES CAN SECURE FIRST-OLAS* HELP
j 1-i of all nationalities for ciiy or country by call-
j ing or addressing MIsS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
I "•/"IKST-CLASS GERMAN COOK DESIRES
| JT situation: best reference; ell v or country. MISS
It LI. EN. 323 Sutter si.
I A T THE SWEDISH EMPLOYMENT BU-
; -.*» reau, first-class girls await situations. 315 |
j Sutter st. y •;.;.:, i-yyy Yj-yy j
ADY DESIRES HOME IN PRIVATE FAM- j
11 v for 2 months where she can do dressmak-
j ing in exchange for board: first-class fitter and {
I draper; reference given; no postals. Address N. i
j CLYDE, 1208 Lombard St., cor. Larkln.
Ei.IABLE WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF |
work by the day washing, cleaning or office I
I work. Call or address 49*/ a Clementina st.
A 7 " OUNG JEWISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION
J- in small family to do light housework. Call or
address 36 Langton st.
]>ELIA ILK SWISS GIRL WANTS SITU A- I
i J-V tion to do general housework or upstairs work. !
■ Call or adaress 431 Finest. UflWte'il-'l dIH&JfH
XCELLENTvOOK DESIRES SITUATION; j
city or country; no objections to housework;
I references. 2415 clay st.
RESPECTABLE SWEDISH GIRL, WHO IS
X- good laundress, wants situation. Address R.
W., box 141, Call Office.
OTRONG WOMAN D- SIRES WORK WASH-
k3 ing. ironing and housecleanlng by the day. 444
Minna st. ""•'■•.--
-j WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
*' washing or housecleanlng; $1 per day. Call at
1938 Lexington aye., near Twenty-first St.
I SITUATION WANTED BY A GIRL TO DO
| IkJ light housework; seep home; $2 50 per week.
Call 58 Converse si., off Bryant, bet. Bth and 9th.
"yOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION FOR
-I general housework. Please call at 757b Fol-
, som St.. near Fourth. '
"RELIABLE YOUNG LADY WISHES POSI-
-LV tion to do light housework, chamberwork or
assist in kitchen, hotel or restaurant; city or coun-
try. 316 Tehama st.
COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WISHES A
situation as cook or general housework in a
small family; city or country. Call at 256 Steven-
' son st.
j rOMAN WANTS PLACE. TO TAKE CARE j
j '» of the sick or any other kind of work by the]
! day or week. 6 Valparaiso st., bet. .Mason and
j Taylor. Filbert and Greenwich. '
! WEDISII GIRI, WISHES SITUATION TO
O do general housework and cooking. Call or ad-
! dress 1522 Bush st.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A PLACE FOR
.housework. $20. Please call at 913 Sanchez
! St.; take Castro or Mission car.
1 EXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER WILL TAKE
J work home reasonable or go out by the day.
i 301 Franklin st.
RELIABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSI- I
lion as housekeeper.' no objection to children,
or as nurse to invalid; city or country; reference
A' d -ess 7-0 Natoma st.
i VOU.N'li, RESPECTABLE GIRL WANTS
i A. situation to do light housework. Apply 257
j Tehama si., oft' lourth.
M PETE NT. TRUSTWORTHY PERSON,
no. long from the East, wishes a situation to
do housework in small family; good cook. Ad-
dress m. a.. box 163, ca11.
A.Mi-.JJ — BY M - AGED WOMAN
housework in small family: no objection to do
cooking and laundry; city or country. Apply 1000
Washington st.
- * WEDISII GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO I
cooking or housework. Call Monday 36 Wash- '
; ington aye., bet. Ninth and Tenth sts.
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY \
the day; is a first-class laundress. Call 247 ' A
; Clara st. |
' THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER ON TAILOR- '
■L made dresses: at home or iv families. L. FITZ- '
PATRICrt, 1312 Finest. ■ -
\l I DDLE-AGE D WOMAN DESIRES POSI- j
-i'A tion to care for invalid, help with sewing, cook- !
I ing or housework ; pay moderate: city or country, j
■ Apply 1727 Stevenson St.. near Nineteenth st.
i yOUNG GERMAN GIRL*"""*" WISHES SITUA- !
; -I tion to do light noiisework. 12 36t_ Harrison.
j WA N T I S ! UATION TO COOK AND DO
" general housework in small family by a com-
petent, elder y person: wages a secondary con- I
sideration; city or country. Address Reliable, :
1 box 127, Call office :*--:•- <
' OMPETENT GIRL WOULD LIKE TO DO '
V^' general housework in American family; no
I triflers need apply. Call 207 'thirteenth St., near I
j Howard.
p i MA N WOMAN WISHES TO DO HOUSE-
; AJ wor_ and plain cooking or mind a baby. Call !
at 1 1 *> " 2 Powell s;., near Pacific.
ituation wanted by A reliabde i
O young Swiss woman to do first-class hotel '
I work or as cashier: speaks good English. Call 232
; Van Ness aye., room 9.
DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE WORK
the day or take sewing home; reasonable; ref- j
I erences. 219 Golden Gate aye.
N ENGLISH WOMAN _ OF REFINEMENT
lately from London through unforeseen cir- :
cumstances seeks a position as housekeeper to a !
gentleman; trustworthy, and no object on to the |
country. . Address H. S., box 42, this office.
WANTED — POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER. i
'» companion or nurse to a lady; domesticated !
! and fond of children; salary secondary considera-
tion. Address E. 8., box 1, Call Office. Oakland.
p OOD WISHES PLACE IN HOTEL** !
; VJ* or would do chamber work. K. X., box 4, i
Call Office, Oakland.
CANDINAVIAN«TRL TO DO HOUSEWORK; '
is a good cook; wages $25. Call 414 Folsom. i
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO !
-1- upstairs work or care children. 431 Ridley st.,
bet. Church and Sanchez.
ITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
O woman to do housework where she can sleep
home, or will work by the day; can give the best
of references. Address MRS. WARD, 1818
Laguna st., rear.
OTELHELP-2VERYCOMPETENTGIRLS.
used to work, will go to resort or city house at i
; reasonanle remuneration: well recommended. |
ELLA, 865 Broadway, Oakland.
\' OUNG WOMAN WISHES PLAIN SEWING |
A and mending; children's clothes and white
clothes. Address or call 715 Natoma st., rooms I
10 and 12.
EXPERIENCED SEAMSTRESS DESIRES '
plain sewing and mending; hours 1 to 5. 105 I
Stockton St., room 22. i
IHRENCH LADY WISHES A SITUATION TO j
T do sewing, etc.; good dressmaker: waiting, etc., i
and as chambermaid.* Address LEONIE EULY, i
13 Trenton st., oft' Pacific.bet. Stockton and Powell. ;
"yOUNG LADY WISHES ANY LIGHT OCCU- j
■ J- pat ion from 9 till 5 p. m. dally;. can cut and fit !
i dresses; children's clothes made, etc Apply 706 i
Etlfa st.
| \<i INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR. |
i »" Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; i
■ $1 50 lo $6 per week: convenient and respectable; :
j free bus to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST AND BEST INAMERICA—
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
j A nlted States or Canada one year for $1 50, post- '
I age free. ■ •■ .. j
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
HUNTER &^ar~^IN^EbAVD " JAPAN- I
ese employment office, 17 Webb st., below |
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231. j
1> C. O. COOK'd SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. branches :short notice. 14 Gearv.. tel. Grant 46. .
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30.
! /CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT '
| V- 1 office; best help. 41 4 */ O'Farrell; tel. E. 42ft i
i OMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED "Ter ma n
; \J wishes position in private place to take care of
fine horse; good careful driver; also plain rood
I gardener: can milk: city or country; will make i
: himself generally useful: good references. Ad-
dress MATTHEW, box 57, Call 1 ffice. .
SITUATION WANTED AS_|ASSISTANT
j •■ J bookkeeper, stock or shipping clerk, drive de-
I livery wagon or porter; long general experience
! In this city; good references. Address H. E box I
j 131, Call Office. ' °° x
j *I**I*RST-CLASS CHINESE COOK WANTS SIT-"
A' nation In saloon or private family. Call or ad- '
dress CHARLIE GAMM. 811, Jackson st. "
PRACTICAL GARDENER DESIRES A POSl-
tion in private family; can milk and care for
horses; city and, country; references. Gardener
j box 162. this office. -.:,.> .V
! pARPENTER WOULD LIKE A POSITION ON
VJ ranch; willing to do ranch work when not oth-
erwise engaged: first class references. C. X., box
162, this office. ' °° x
I ARBER WANTS WORK FOR $10 PER
j >> week: city or country; good workman Ad-
dress Barber, box 132, Call office. .
WANTED- BY A FIRM-CLASS EASTERN
» • man, a position as head waiter in city or coun-
try ; best of reference. T. F. D., box 14, Call Office.
TRONG YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION
Odiivlng wagon: is a good teamster and knows
city well. P. 0., 21 Randall st. :
1 IN ING ENGINEER AND METALLURGIST*
ill 18 years' experience in mining, sme.tin»: and
gold milling, is open tor engagement: references.
Address Metallurgist, Brooklyn Hotel, city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnned.
S*^^_R;'bINI>USTEIOUS SWEDISH MAN,
with first-class references, wishes a situation as
coachman and gai_ener; good milker. Address
P. G., bo.. 87. this office.
AN ACIIVi- YOUNG, MAN WANTS POSI-
-tion as clerk; drygoods or groceries preferred.
Address I). G.. box 14-, Call. ■
ITUATION WANTED BY A MAN EXPERl-
enced in the wine business as foreman or man-
ager in a large wine cellar or vineyard: 15 years
in the business, 3 years manager. Address F. H..
763 Mission st.
AN WANTS POSITION IN WINE BUSl-
ness: 14 years' experience. _81. Gold-
en Gate
A7*OUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION IN
X country store; will accept small salary to start;
experienced, and Ai references. Address Coun-
try, box 53, Call Office.
ST EADY, RELIABLE MAN WISHES SITUA-
tion of any kind; city or country; good refer-
ence. Address J. X., box 124. Call.
OUNG MAN AND WIFE (GERMAN)
A would like position on a vineyard; man a good
farmer »nd well experienced in making and keep-
ing wines; wife a good cook and housekeeper; can
give good reference. Address W. G., box 21, this
office.
OITUATION WANTED AS A BUTLER OR
O Indoor servant by an Englishman; middle-
aged; references. Address >. H., box 108, Call.
SITUATION WANTED ON A RANCH BY A
O Swiss couple. Address S. C. box 67. CalL
N A STERN YOUNG MAN, EXPEKl-
enced In engine manufacturing, draughting
and general office work, desires a position as an as-
sistant or manager in any honorable business
having a future for him, as lie wishe.i to locate in
the West; is willing to work hard. Address W. 8.,
box 110, Call Office.
]> ELI ABI*e"""YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUA-
-Ll tion in office or whole-ale bouse; can furnish
good references. Address S. H., box 122, Call.
OTEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES WORK IN
O city or country as man about place or work by
the day; can do painting, whitening, drive, care of
horses and nelp in store or shop; willing to be use-
I'-l. Address C. H., 11 Lafayette st.
SITUATION WANTED— MAN ABOUT PLACE
by a comp tent horseman and driver: good gar-
dener; can milk; handy with tools; wanes mod-
erate: best of reference. Address A. 8., box 139,
Call Offic. ; . . .
1)Y A MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN, GKNER-
* ally useful; good horseman; understands
gardening: can milk; city references: moderate
wages. Situation, Poatoffice, North Temescal,
Alameda County.
9 STRONG YOUNG GERMANS WOULD LIKE
— a position Id country. Address G., box 6, Call
Office, Oakland.
J^ M PLtJYMKNT AT ANA' TERMS AS DELIV-
-i cry-wagon driver, by thoroughly experienced,
reliable and temperate young man of good charac-
ter and references. Address D. W., box S9, Call.
UN M 111 D _ MAN, 30 YEA US _ "OLD,
> wishes position in hospital or some Institution:
strictly temperate: speaks English and German; a
handy man all around ; city or country. S. GROSS,
511 Sixth st., Oakland.
VI AN AND WIFE (SWEDISH) WISH A SIT-
JAA uation on a fruit farm; man good horseman.
Address C. ('., 1201 Folsom st.
"OTEADY YOUNG MAN (ENGLISH) WITH
O good education wishes situation. Address It.,
box 81, Call Office. .
OACHMAN (ENGLISH): . THOROUGHLY
! understands his business; also garden and
cows; tirat-class Eastern and California refer-
ences. Add. TED, *:649 Everett st., Alameda, Cal.
AN, 30. THOROUGHLY RELIABLE. NOT
i'A afraid of work, wants employment; writes a
good hand. Address N. N.. box 12*0, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GERMAN
O in private place to tatce care of horses, garden
and cows; good driver: best of references. Ad.
dress J WAN DEN, Napa, Cat.
FI*HAL_ HELP WANTED.
\\ T ANTED-GERMAN SECOND GIRL AND
'» nurse, $25; 4 cooks in German and American
families, $25 and $30; second girl. $.0: seamstress
by the day and a large number of girls for all kinds
of work in city and country at going wages. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutter st.
IVT A NTel*"""*"*"^ WAITRESSES, COUNTRY HO-
" tel, $20, room, eta: German girl or woman for
general work in small hotel, $20, room, etc. MAR-
TIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
EFINED WOMAN Willi A CHILD, $15.
MhSCI'UEX, 323 Sutter st.
MI D*DhE-AGED WOMAN, COUNTRY, 815*
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. ■ ,--■■.-- -.
COOK, INSTITUTION, *50: COOK GERMAN
\J hospital, $30: waitress and seamstress, $25:
cook, Oakdale, $30; housework, Oakland. $25;
Alameda, $.'5; Salinas,' s2o; 15 honsework girls'
city, $_() and $25; 6 young girls assist, $10 to $jo.
Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
MAID AND SEAMSTRESS, $25: SLEEP
home. MISS CULLEN, 323 suiter st.
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS GERM AN COOK,
" $30: cook institution, $30: German nurse and
seamstress, $25; French, middle-aged nurse, $20;
French or German cook for small boarding-house.
$30. LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
I PROFESSIONAL COOK F.Jlt INSTITUTION,
• must have, references, $50; pas:ry-ccok and
baker for summer resort, $50: cook, small hotel
near city, $25; head waitress, city, $25: waitress,
South, fare advanced, $20: waitress, summer re-
sort, $20; waitresses for water resort, $20. C. it.
HANSEN & CO, 110 Geary st.
AUNDRESS AND SECOND GIRL FOR
' country, $25; German girl for 3 children, near
City, f 2O; German or Scandinavian girl for city,
$25; girls for housework, city, $15 and $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
MINNIE RICHARDS, WAITRESS, PLEASE
report here. C. R. HANSEN <_ CO., 110 Geary.
\\T ANTED-GERMAN SEAMSTRESS AND
»* second girl for a good steady place, $25; cook
and laundress with city references, $25: 10 house-
work girls are wanted lor Monday morning at $20
and $25 a month: also 12 girls who have been
accustomed to liviu.' in Jewish families for house-
work and cooking, $25 and $20: 4 young nurse-
girls, $10 and $12 a month: a .number of voun.
girls to assist in housework, $10, $12 and $16;
maid and seamstress to go home nights, $25. An-
ply Mis.-, PLUNKKTT*, 424 Sutter st.
G< ERM AN HOTEL CHAMBERMAID, $20;
I middle-aged woman near city, $15; second girl
references, $.0 ; 25 women and girls for housework.
MURRAY & READY, 634 < lay St.
GIRI 8. $25 AND $30: INFANT'S NURSE,
0 German, $25: 3 nursegirls, $15 and $20: seam-
stress, $20; 10 girls for housework and to assist.
wages -12 to $25. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
A COOKS, $30 AND $25: 2 GIRLS, HOUSE-'
« work. $25: girl, Alameda, $20: 4 nursegirls,
$10: girls assist, $20; city and country. M.MB
LEOPOLD, 120 Stockton st.
V\ r ANTED— GIRL TO A IST WITH HOUSE-
»» work on ranch for good home. Apply 1718
Post St.
WAN TED— A . FIRST-CLASS LADY VEST-
»» maker for the country; steady work. Apply
for particulars at 373 Natoma st.
Gl IRA. FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; SLEEP
' home. Apply 1627 Bush St.
WANTED-YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
'T light housework. 1217 Webster st.
ANTS APPRENTICES, GOOD SEWERS;
also one understanding machine. 10 Turk st.
ANTED— WOMAN FOR HOUSEKEEPER.
* » Call at, once 514 Bush st.
V A TED - YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
»' light housework. Apply 1456 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN GIRL FJR GENERAL HOUSE-
work; plain cooking; $20. 811 Treat aye.
IVr A NTED — FINISHERS AND BUTTON-
»T hole makers on coats. 1117 Howard st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. AP-
T ply between 9 and 12, 145 Grove st.
G-~ood~ tailoress Wanted ON "CUSTOM
coats. 1934 Mission st. Y'..y{X r ':
ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS TAILOKESS ON
custom coats. 14 McAllister st., room 19. -
ANTED-. "OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST AND
to do general housework. 160 Steu art st.
APPRENTICE FOR DRESSMAKING. ROOM
32, over Maze. .
\ \ * ANTE D - I l 7 FOR ASSISTANT HOUSE-
" work: sleep home. 1021 Buchanan st.
Vy ANTED — YOUNG GERM AN GIRL -FOR
"' housework. 515 Ellis st.
WANTED- PANTSMAKERS TO WORK BY
'' the piece; also an apprentice. 1018 Howard.
MAGNESIA— WANTED A MAN WHO UN
aerstands manufacture of. HARKER, 26
Montgomery st., 12 to 1.
GE A (URL WHO UNDERSTANDS
stripping tobacco. Inquire 524 Sixth st.
"I/" IRST-CLASS OPERATOR; BUTTONHOLE-
A" maker and finishers. 609 Kearny, r. 2,rt. side.
THOROUGH DRESS CUTTING AND MAKING
taught: half the usual price. MRS. R. L.
JONES, 605 Fell st. ', .
UPILS FOR MILLINERY SCHOOL; LEs-
sons private or class: evening pupils special at.
teutlon; stylish trimming. 25c. 410 Leavenworth.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
Winchester House. 44 third st., near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free 'bus to and from ferry.
AIRDRESsING. 25. AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 10 lessons, sl 60. 1248 Mission.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
U' INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
.»» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 per. night; $1 60 to ._ or
week : fr». bus to and from the ferry. _ ■ -;;^t;
APPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
■r\ tin y and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
male: HELP WANTED. .
WyA^ED^TMINE 8 1 ,^-^bT o^_^7s^li*AY
"" and $40 and found: woodclioppers, $20 and'
found ; | boy for grocery, $8 and found: I chore boy-
for ranch, $8 and found. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
<_ CO.; 628 Sacramento st.
•I A "ROAD~M7IkERS~AND WORK S W-
AV/ mill and woods, $20 and board and increase-
all summer's job: .- lO'-tiemakers. good timber'
tools and grub furnished, B, 9 and 10c each- milker
and do chores, $15. R. T. WARD d. CO., 608 and
610 Clay st. * \ ,
\y AN TED-FIRST -CLASS BUTLER (ENG-
»» lish or Irish) for country, $45; also a sec-
ond man, $40; references necessary. - Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, .24 Sutler st. .
HELP WANTED-ContlnuedJ.
"VV ANTED — FOOTMAN -. WITH REFER-
" «nces, $40: German dishwasher. $15 and
found; French assistant pastry cook, $25: French
cook, $50, etc. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
T-*!O ; >K KEEPER AND CLERK, $75 AND
-*-» found: only with hotel experience and refer-
ences need apply, c. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. - ;. ■ ..~»
VVXPEKIENCED FOREMAN FOR A MARB_E
J-< quarry, 53 a day: 2 quartz miners, $2 50 to
fi /5 a day: 3 milkers. $18, $20 and $26; ranch
blacksmith, $25, see boss here; foreman lineman
for a Mundy donkey-engine for the woods; 10
teamstees for railroad work. C. R. HANSEN «_
CO., 110 Geary st.
UTANTED— CARRIAGE- PAINTER, NEAR
" city, good, long job, $3 a day; 5 farmers for
vineyard, $20; 2 Eastern American farmers, $20;
lb tlernakers, good wages, tools furnished: Ameri-
can bu.ttruiaker and creamery man, $50; also
farmers, milkers, laborers, cooks, waiters and
washers. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
\V" ANTED — COACHMAN FOR GENTLE-
man's ranch- near city, references required.
$<!5 per month; Port Costa come at once, have lost
your address. W. D. EWER <_ CO., 626 Clay st.
Vy ANTED— COMPETENT ENGINEER FOR
" flour mill; short distance in country: must be
"faS?.??! able-bodied man; $2 60 a day. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
80 000 BED WOOD TIES TO CUT; 6
- v '«Y*v-"-» woodchoppers; spool-tender; broom-
maaersj carriage-setter or screw-turners; 3 wire-
nail operators: 6 farmers: 2 teamsters; farmer for
Lassen County; farmer and wife; charcoal-burner.
MURRAY* <fc READY*. 634-636 Clay St.
3 COOKS, 3 WAITERS, _ DISHWASHERS,
stableman, hostler and other places from $15 to
$90 month and tound at MURRAY «_ READY'S,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
VI AN TO TRAVEL WITH MEDICINES. DE-
-I'A liver and collect; $75 month guaranteed;
small capital required. Inquire _73y 3 Market St.,
room 2.
MA FOR LIGHT, PLEASANT INDOOR
business; $75 monthly guaranteed: cash re-
quired $150; no idlers wanted. 87_*/_ Market at.,
room 2.
\\r ANTED— YOUNG MAN FOR BAKERY IN
" Oakland: good wages: must have $125 cash.
Apply JOHNSTON & CO.. 26*;_ Kearny st. , .
ARBER, WITH 1 1 OR 2 YEARS' EXPERI-
■ > ence. Inquire at DECKELMAN BRO^., 106
Ellis st. .
VyANTED-sTRONG MAN AT 114 SECOND
" St., downstairs; references.
VRY COOK. $40; COUNTRY HOTEL. HOTEL
A. Gazette. 420 Kearny st.
VOI'NG MAN HANDY WITH CARPENTER
A tools. 321 V. Turk st., 7 to 8 morning.
_ MOLDERS*\VANTED. APPLY
Ks at once. 803 Folsom St., shot-shop.
JABBER WANTED;. -YOUNG MAN; GOOD
I ■> shaver. 19 Fourth st.
■\TOUNa MAN WANTED TO WORK ON CUS-
-I tom coats. 3 Caroline st.
/ *Oi ) SHOEMAKI*fRI-N NEAT REPAIRING.
VJ 416 Devisadero st.
.\Y r .ANTED— GOOD DAY COOK. 109 EDDY ST7
ARBER WANTED— YOUNG MAN WITH 8
months' practice. 1006 Missions!.
j-OOTBLACK AT BARBER-SHOP. 1659*/ 2
If Mission st. ;
IW ANT A GOOD MAN WITH $50. HEO-
ARTY, 1004 Market st. , .
BARBER-SHoP AND HOUSEHOLD FURNl-
_lure for sale cheap. 1856 Howard st.
X\T ANTE I ) — EXPERIENCED BOY* TO SET
'' type; call early. Room 4, 432 Montgomery st.
TO A MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN OR AMERI-
A- can of sober habits, handy with tools and willing
to make himself generally useful, a steady job;
good home at a smail salary. Address Mrs. H.
J HOPPIN, Bartlett Springs, Cal.
! Y"i'.\i; YVOMAN, - STRONG, BRAVE AND
; -I plump; height 6 feet 2 inches, wants a partner
i for Spanish rings and trapeze work; strictly bust- J
ness. Address T. P., box 111. Call.
PRESSMAN. APPLY N. SWASEY, 1.2 I
A. Eddy st.
•''ANTED— BUSINESS MAN (AN EXPERI- !
enced lady stenographer and typewriter mialit
fill the bill) for office work; plain writing; corre- i
spondence and business tact, but no bookkeeping
required; must lend the employer $500 on gill-
edge security; moderate wages; also interest on
money advanced paid; this is a splendid chance i
for the person wanting steady employment in con- I
nection with largest and one of the oldest estab- ;
lishments of the class on Pacific Coast. Address
S. L. G.. box 86, Call Office.
■ WANTED- FOUR YVORKINOMEN AS PART- !
'» in a gold mine in this State with $160
each. Address YV. J. F., box 33, this office.
*l\r ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM- !
*» cry st., clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
A GENTS WANTED To SEI.L 'OUR NATIVE |
-TV Herns" blood and liver remedy. Room 76, St. !
Ann's building.
SEAMEN AND ORDINARIES FOR EUROPE |
and Honolulu. Apply 10 Steuart St., upstairs. !
/UXPERIEXCED BUSINESS MAN WHO IS j
Alt witling to invest $200 -in saloon and lunch- '
hou^e; no agents. Address E., box 79, Call Office.
}~.*<XPERIENCED OPERATORS ON LADIES* I
-J jackets and suits. DANNENBAUM, MUEL- |
LER _: KAIIN, 723 Market St.. fourth floor. I
MEN'S l/u-SOLING LADIEV 40c; DONE I
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel. ]
WANTED """"a PRACTICAL FURNITURE I
" salesman; one with some knowledge of up- I
holstery and ' carpets preferred. Apply ■ 523
Market St., room 7, from 3 to 6 p. m.
"V*EYV WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET. !
i.i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c j
to 50c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
WANTED— AN UPHOLSTERY AND CAR-
»' pet salesman; none but those with practical j
experience in a retail house need apply, call at
523 Market st., room 7, from 3 to 6 P. m.
QAY. BOYS— 722 HOWARD. GIVES 8 I
0 eggs, mush, soup, coffee, 10c; a good square :
meal for sc; give us a call.
"1 I VI. SOLICITORS FOB NEW AND HIGHLY '
•J J profitable proposition; accident, health and life
insurance. Call bet. 3 & 5 P. m., or address Fidelity I
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18. j
C'OATMAKERS W A N TED. APPLY AT 11
\J a. m. at Golden Gate aye. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor. 1212 to 1218
Market st. - -V. Y.
BEST IN CITY— SING ' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
HAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO '
»' St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 26c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS !
" to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie- '
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 I
large rooms: 25c per nigh.; $1 to $3 per week. \ 1
MEN'S SOLES, 50c; HEELS, 25c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
W ANTED— BOYS TO LEARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi-
tions furnished; reasonable terms by calling this
week; catalogue mailed. San Francisco Barber
School, 151, Howard it. "
A i7-\ s A GOLD FIELDS. "'
**. The fan sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889, will sail from San Francisco ;
for Cooks Inlet direct on April 15, weather permit- ;
ting, taking a limited number of passengers. For
further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
Shiphroker and Agent, 506 Battery st.
]|l|l MEN To TAKE LODGING AT lOc, 15c I
• '" ami 20c a night. Including coffee and rolls I
624 Washington st., near Kearny.. . yyy.y
IJARBEKs' PROTECT! UNION EMPLOY- !
If meat secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Way. j
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC-
retarv Bar bers' A aso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCIIS. '
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY- I
_ menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238i_ O'Farrell.
BE- I PLACE IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi- !
ness. 129 Sixth st. y ;
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS: WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them as good as new, ;
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts" •
KOSED~ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS j
- At 20c to 60c night: *1 to -4 week: open all night.
A* EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
l'» all grocers keep it. :. - . '■ . V . ..- - ;:
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME j
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission. \
II'LCHO HOUSE, 863 MARKET . ST.— i
J Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $2 week. !
ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY*
Prompt collections; references. 612 Montg'y.
INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 TH D ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading.
room: free bus to and from the ferry. ;.-,•-
-ANTED— COLLECT WAGES DUE
laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sutter si. -
L"REE BEER— SCHOONERS | FOR 60;
A also a botil eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
'PRY' ACME HOUSE, V..7 -MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a oi-ht: $1 a week.,
U* ANTED— ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
» » week ; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. ____ _, ■
AGENTS 'WANTED. *
FEYV GOOD AGENTS; LEATHER SUSPEND.
-T ers; city and country. 1332 Sacramento st. y-y
pANVASScRS. $2 per DAY guaranteed.
_* Room 41, 14 McAllister st. ...
AGENTS WANTED IN EVERY CITY AND
-"l town of the Pacific coast to handle the ; best,
quick-selling novelty < out ; •no hum Dug; write to-
day; full particulars with samnles 10c. Address
MANUFACTURERS" AGENT, P. O. box 2068,
San Francisco. Oil. v - . < -
_ 'y'_ '- ROOMS WANTED. {
y^dernT^weliT^ur^
'" parlors; -piano, gas, range: $18 to $20. 'R.,
box 67. all Office. - ' ■ . -t ■ ...
b avanted-miscellaneous.
vy l^P^-KSSSZ^tAsSS^SOSSw^
" right piano; must be cheap. Address box
122, this Office. ■ '. y y.y y.
-CELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
O elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st.; send postal.
BBTTrtn-r- jjml^nf 111 - ■d,MM.7>..i»JM*' '
" PERSONALS. ;b '.; : _ y[ ':■■
REFINED PROTESTANT WITH 1
child of 10 years, wishes the acquaintance of
elderly gentleman; one who will appreciate a
pleasant home. Address P. H., box 145, Call. -
TO I FOLLOW THE STYLES IN _ HAIRDRES"S-
I lug some reople must call to their aid switches.
i I have them in all colors ?nd all grades; good ones,
75c ana $1: hairdressing 26c. G. LEDERER, 111
, Stockton st. .
MAUD— COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
i Office 43 Sutter st., phone main 49. ■ SAM.
DR. FRANKLIN PANCOAST. DENTIST, RE-
moved cor. Grant aye. andO'Farrell.r. 3 and 4.
DR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
. 227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bld_,r. 2,tel.maln 5477.
; "INFORMATION WANTED— THE ADDRESS
A or Information of ALICE ALLISON (or Kir
i LISOX); maid.n name ALICE DRoGE; last heard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address i). BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cal.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY. ROOM— WlN-
chester House, 44 Third St.. near Market ; 200
. rooms, 26c to $150 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
ADVICE EREE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPE-
cialty, private: no charce unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deods, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
SASH CORDS, 24-0 EACH : CARPENTKRiNG*
P at lowest rates. ALBERTSON. 4iy Eddy st.
'. rjip LATE MADAM c. ANTtONIA FACE
A cream and dandruff eradicator. Sold . ouly at
I room 202, Spreckeis building, 927 Marker.
ASK - DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
, Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
, rtIRY TUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
A. catarrh. 132 Sixth St., room 2.
• /CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J (or paper-hanging and paintlmr. Co-operative
, Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister St..
OLD GOLD 4 SILVER*~GENTS' AND LADIES'
• v^ clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
I">AR IT Nli TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; instructors, .1. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington.R.L Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT.
40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 6c; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
NNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND Dl-
' vorce: legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F. ;
ENAMELED LETTERS ARE MADE ONLY
Jat 210 Stelner St.; others are agents. Baker
1 Enamel and Manufacturing Company.
ar»"| A ROOM. CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<_? *- floor. 206 Leavenworth s'.
BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busl-
; "ess. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
"l/IAACARDS, $150: Snow CARDS, 15c:
"-''W tel. Black 141. HILL 22 Geary st., r. 39.
lADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
J superfluous hair removed : bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st.
OURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER?
-L" instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
lral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter
IBEEAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
r-LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
V^_rnfrs' cost. eac-ot-- . .0 S»n«nnv «-,. upstair*.
DRESSMAKERS.
BRADLEY, MODISTE, 410 TAYLOR— ELE-
rant stylish dress. $5 up; dresses made over, II
CLAIRVOYANTS.
P. AC AND $1. ' 50C AND $1.
I OXJ PROFESSOR LEON, 1007 MARKET ST.
Wonderful power; gives advice on business,
j speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.: letters
; with stamps answered. Hours 9 to 8; also Sunday.
ETURNED— M M DR. A T*L ANT A ,
world-renowned business and test medium:
J tells from cradle to grave; reveals every
j hidden mystery; gives advice on love, mar-
riage and all affairs; she has no eaual:
i before going on a journey or into business call on
I the gifted lady; locates mines and burled treasure;
j removes evil Influences; cures all diseases; all
i should seek her counsel; hours, 9 a. m. to 8 l". m.;
open Sundays. 1055 Market St., opp. Hibernia
! Bank. '
i 1 ONELLA— ONE OF THE MOST WONDER-
' -Ijful mediums of the age: just from the East;
j she created a sensation East and also in Europe
through her mediumship: all are invited to call;
she remains with you but a short rime; do not re-
main in darkness, but seek the light of truth; wis-
dom is power. 318 Kearny st.
MB& EHRRORN, CLAIRVOYANT— SIT-
tings daily. 221 Fillmore, near Haight.
ADAM O'SHONE, WONDERFUL CLAIR-
I»I voyant. can tell the recovery of anything lost
; or stolen and all affairs through life. 1163 Market.
j I) EST CARD READER AND PALM I
J-> ladies and gents. 25c. 206 Fourth st.
! ME. PORTER, V CARD- READER; TELLS
I -I'l past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
j palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 'lurk si.
MI M K L V INA. CLAIRVOYANT; PICTUI'E
of future husband or wife. 766% Howard st.
MMk.MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, presentand future ;25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the nictureot
j your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
XB M M BE R*"tHE~G REATEST SEERESS OF
the age. Parlor 6, 116 a Grant aye.
ME. STEWART: GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter;
1 read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
| marriage: ladion or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
Y,l ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
•I'I er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
I present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
: ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
■ help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
, possible: fee $1 ; letter »2. 929 Post St.. nr. Ijirkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Johnson; siTiiis.-ioN st.. medium
and magnetic healer, can be consulted on all
I business affairs daily readings 50c and $1; office
I hours 9 a. M. to* 8 p. M.
[ G- YPSY MEDIUM -SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
| I days Included): 25c up. 946 Mission: hrslO to 9.
!*» ETURNED, YVORLD-RENOYY'NED MM E~
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
■ present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
: "\f RS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
■TU :r i rice medium sittings $1. 218 Stockton at.
DORSES.
HORSE MARKET. 1426 VALENCIA BT. ;
just received from E. W. Jones, Sheriff of
: Colusa County, 25 head of good work and driving
I horses, weighing up to 1500 pounds; to be sold
I cheap. J. D. FORRESTER, salesman.
| A(\ HORSES FOB SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
I TV bugeies, carts', harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, 'Auctioneers.
"I A, SETS SECONDHAND" HARNESS; ALL
IV' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR clßCU-
lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st. -
IF YOU WANT TO BUY*. SELL OR EX-
A change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find It to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
; Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
, proprietor. S. YV ATKINS, auctioneer.
j UNSET HORSE MARKET, 2-0 VALENCIA—
0 Horses, mules, wagons, buggies and harness.
I 1 "".A sKTS NEW A-\D SECOND-HAND HAR-
I J _» \J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
| scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY StJß-
geon for S. F. Police Depar'ment. Office and
I hospital. 121 City Hal! aye.: telephone south 401.
I _ PASTURAGE.
DA I RY* MEN OR BUTCH EIfsbPrTENTION —
Excellent pasturage for 100 head of cattle for
several months; running water: fenced in 3 fields:
: land level: at Woodside, 4 miles from Redwood
City. Apply to L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay St., or on
; the premises: ranch to l^ase.
j DENTISTS.
DR. L. T. <\RAN_— EXTRACTIONPAINLESs!"
crown work, bridge work and . teeth without
| plates a specially. 103 Geary si., cor. Grant aye.
| ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
I \J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
| able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
I lrm $6; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
$7 A SET" FOR TEETH: WARRANTED as
• good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentisi. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,.
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
ONEST YVORK: VERY* LOWEST - PRICES.
PH. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, m. 1.
FULL SET OF TEETH, $7 •""" WARRANTED
f five years. PR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TEETH' WITHOUT A PLATE DR H.
young, 1841 Polk st.
1 R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
AJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of - improved bridge work or teem'
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell su
pAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60*""! CROWN
A bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up; 13 veari'
experience. R. L. WALSH. , D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
I jR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
AJ , work a specialty; open evenings 7:80 to 9. . -,
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
I at.'..; DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ;,, 
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKETTCOR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL "WORK REASONABLE :- AND , WAR-"
ranted. DR. J W. KEY, 112"* Market si.
physicians. .
DON'*T~FAIITT7f^N!>T^^
his museum,: 1051 Market st.; bis 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair . reatment;
. the worst cases treated satisfactorily, by mail. g_j_ ...
f>EMOVED-DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1.06
Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. -.-
BICYCLES.
ARK CYCLERY-NEYV YVHEELS TO LET;
best accommodations. .Terminus Geary, Mc-
Allister and Powell st. car lines.
yYyj:'.': b BUSINESS CHANCES. .'.
S^^^i"^ir^OTTKl_^ND""BAß: TER-
ifficlK 'U. minus largestcar lines; 22 rooms; first-
class in all its appointments; large ' transient and
regular trade: immense bar business; an Al offer;
must be seen to be appreciated: satisfactory rea-
sons for selling. M. LESS CO., 783 V. Market st,
-L'OXflfl SODA YVORKS, IN ONE OF BUSI-
<Jp^OUU. est inland towns of California; .60
miles from city; first-class and complete plant: 2
wagons, good • horses, etc. ; "monopolizes home
trade- large outside route: full value in sight:
posit ivelv clearing $200 monthly; undoubted proof
furnished: rent only $20;;inclutiesdwelling-house;
lease. M. LESS Co.* 783*/ 3 Market st.
©OKA BRANCH BAKERY. DELICACIES,
«J)^«J". etc; north Market: livingrooms: rent.
$20; nice store: good trade; bargain. M. LESS
CO., 783*/ 3 Market st,
<J_XAA HALF INTEREST IN PAYING
tIpOUY/. butcher business: handsome corner
shop in good part of city: 2 first-class horses and
wagon: big trade: established 12 years: selling
partner s" ays with new man until posted. M.
LESS CO., 783 1 "j Market st.
"<{_> 19- A CORNER GROCERY AND BAR.
i_P -tJL*J\j. hay, feed store, wood and coal yard,
including buildings, 10 stalls; finest location in
Mission: doing best business there; 6 living-rooms:
3 horses; 3 wagons: boua-fide offer; .open to thor-
ough investigation if you mean busiuess. M.
LESS CO., 7831/2 Market st. . :'
(_> JXA BUTCH E < : FIRST-CLA.S LO-
<JP"d_*l'. cation; splendidly fitted up; Al horse
and cart; mo-it desirable class of custom: monthly
receipts from $650 to $700: proposition easily
worth dounle: circumstances compelling this sac-
rifice will be explained; rare opening for any one.
M. LESS »fc CO, 7-3V_ Market st.
~Qk I.\t , A CORNER SALOON AT TERMINUS
LU"'U. of two cable lines: old established;
well worth $2000 to any one: trial given: cheap
rent, long lease, fit, LESS & CO.. 783*, i Market st,
J_*l Z_7_7_ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR-
«CJ-l-'-'"-'Y/. best location north of Marker St.: has
finest class of trade; more than valuo in sight;
genuine bargain. M. LESS <fe CO., 783 V» Market.
"51700 SALOONON MARKET ST.; NICELY
i_s i \J\J . fitted up; paving business: nargain for
any one. M. LESS & CO.. 783 1 ,.; Market st, -y. •*
CjQAA FINE RESTAURANT, CENTRAL,
t£)o\J\J. north of Market, near Kearny; best
class custom; splendid trade. M. LESS <_ CO.,
7831/2 Market St., near Fourth.
O BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
of any kind see STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
DESTAURANT DOING A TRADE OF $35 A
AY day and clearing $100 a month : trial allowed
before buy I best reason for selling; price rea-
sonable. STRAND _■ Co.. 45 Third st»
ffl_QP_ft FRUIT, NOTIONS, CANDY, ICE-
:_p_'«Jl/. cream and coffee parlor: opp. Golden
Gate Park: building Included; pays well; full
value: old-established. See STRAND & CO., 45
Third st.
•4""*;XA WANTED - STEADY' MAN AS
t^p^_^J_ , . partner in cash commission ouslness;
will clear at leas: $75 per month to each; estab-
lished over 10 years: experience not necessary ;
thorough investigation allowed; no night or Sun-
day work. AND & CO., 45 Third st.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; BARGAIN
if sold this week. STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
7 XA - BAKERY; GOOD HORSE
»4P 1 OKJ. and wagon. STRAND & CO.. 45 Third.
$'_> 7 X BRANCH BAKERY. NR. 2 SCHOOLS;
tgO ' O bargain. STRAND & CO.. 45 Third st.
SALOON— BEST PART OF MARKET ST.;
offer wanted. STRAND & CO.. 45 Third st.
C_»T>7~X CIGAR." AND LAUNDRY
'X"* 1 — " «-*•• office. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
<-_ IOX A SALOON AND RESTAURANT;
♦IP l-UU. clears $150 per month. STRAND _
CO., 45 Third st. ;
(ft "I X 000 LARGEST AND BEST PAYING
♦IP a. tJ. \J\J \J . beer grotto and restaurant; cream
of trade; montblv profits of SIOHO guaranteed:
books open. Address YV., 1148 Sutter st.
fYfOTICE —TO SELL Y'O UR BUSINESS
-l-> promptly for cash. HEALY' &CO.. 23 Kearny.
7A( RESTAUR VNT AND COFFEE SA-
•IP IVAJ.ioon: vicinity of City Hall: busiuess
$26 per day: trial given. HEaIY, 23 Kearny st.
(fi-OXO PARTNER "WANTED — Al CASH
t*p^<t^Y/. business, clearing to each $75 per
month: no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
ffl» 17 X PARTNER IN RESTAURANT AND
t_jLI«J. coffee-house to attend cash counter;
business of $25 per day. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
OQAA CIGAR STORE; CLUB AND LIVTNG-
tJP-SU \J. rooms, furniture included: selling on
account of other business. HEALY, 23 Hearny.
ffl«i Xnn RESTAURANT, OYSTER-HOUSE:
<IDL«J"'>-'. old-established place; first-class run-
ning order: daily receipts $65 to $70; present
owner 3 years; full, investigation; will exchange
for city real estate. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
TEAMS TEHS, ATTENTION* — EXPRESS
A- transfer company: has the cream of trade be-
tween this city and Oakland; clears $300 per
month over; proprietor owns his own property,
barns, offices, storages, etc.; one of the nicest,
cleanest and steadiest businesses in this State;
making sure income: grand opportunity for some
active man. -STENBERG, 632 Market st.
«__Qfi A LIQUOR - STORE: THIRD ST.;
CO" 1^. transfer point. STENBERG, 632 Mkt.
WANTED STEADY*, ACTIY'E MAN* FOR
-»» laundry route; established 8 year*: - first-class
horse aud wagon; guaranteed to clear $90 to $125
a month; $350 required. STENBERG <_ CO., 632
Market st.
CjOAA PART IN EXPRESS BUSI-
<_pOY'U. ness: established 9 years; double and
single team; best chance In lifetime for active
man: bargain. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
ffijQAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR WITH
'y)O\J\J. 'living-rooms: full value in stock; rent
• *'_.">: kept by present owner 8 years. Inquire 533
California St., Phoenix Bar.
ffl-'JXO BUTCHER-SHOP; OLD ESTAB-
AiD<JO\J. lished: 2 horses: wagons: receipts $20
to $25 daily; cheap rent; a sacrifice. JOHN-
STON, 26 y_ Kearny st.
ANTED-STEADY MaN AS PARTNER IN
" paying wood and coal yard; must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, .6 3 Kearny st. --:;.:
SOX/I PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
—'JO. established over 10 years: guaranteed
to clear «20 weekly to each. 26% Kearny st.
YSTER AND qilop HOUSE CHEAP. MAKE
offer to owner, 26V2 Kearny st., room 4.
ffl-ff'XA PARTNER IN 0 1 . ESALE AND
tIDUtiV/. retail liquor-store with large store and
outside trade: rare opportunity. Inquire 633 Cali-
fornia st., Phoenix Bar.
\\ * RON MAN IN THE KIGHT PLACE— AT
' » a sacrifice: restaurant at junction an 1 transfer
point. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 MarKet st.
<*_ 1 OX B. BAKERY; 4 FURNISHED ROOMS.
A-^-O. BARRETT-SKIFF, 921 MarKet st
(J""! XA PARTNE"r~YvXnTED - IN ROUTE;
iJIUU. horse, wagon; cash trade $15 to $20 a
week; established over 2 years. STANLEY. 21*W>
Third st. ' 2
-ftOAOO FOR SALE. TO EXCHANGE OR
«"PtJ\."Y/\J. for rent— Property In center of Berke-
ley: lot 90x135; cottage 5 rooms, bath, windmill,
stable: 4-year-old orchard; will take part cash or
trade for good business. Address YVICKE, 1148
Sutler st. -
"ftTnn OANDY- STORE AND FACTORY:
<*pIC , W. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ffi-XAO RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION;
•IPOY/Yf . receipts $16 per day. DECKER, 10.0
Market st. ,_. -: ; - : .-t ■- ■■■* ; .-:- . •.*
$9XO SAMPLE-ROOM CLOSE TO CABLE-
<jp — _"U. house and transfer point: 2 blocks from
Market: rent $18. Call 533 California st,, Phcenix
Bar. - ;'■'■:• ;-.- ■ : ■■ ' .
T7IINE FRUITSTORE: ROOMS: FURNITURE-
A wagon; bargain. HEGARTY', 1004 Market St.'
■ftX.-fl FINE BAKERY. OVEN, ETC.; $18
»C***V/Y'. daily; rooms. HEGARTY, 1004 Mar-
ket st.
CjJIXA GOOD-PAYING RESTAURANT; A
tIDItJY". bargain. E.JHEGARTY.IOO4 Market.
AKERY FOR SALE; BAKING \y_ BAB-
AJ rels per day; good horse, wagon and route: sold
on account of death. 1127 Twenty-sixth st.
Q*9XA OLD-ESTABLISHED -
tU I—'OU.1 — 'OU. loon, with rooms; cheap rent. 429
Fourth st.
A LIVE MAN WITH GASH TO CARRY
r_ stock can secure general agency business that
pays $125 month'y. Address L. ___, box 22. Call.
-LOR SALE, OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY
A. property, homestead relinquishment Irrigated
107 ! CallOffic' * D Kern County. Address X., box
"%1 00 DA lB**>*: BE T LOCATION; OWNER
tjli-/--. going East. Inquire at oyster stand,
Montgomery Market, 707 Market st. » ■-"-•
<2*7 X/ LUNCH COUNTER; BARGAIN- 15
<S& 10. 17 Leidesdorff st. ' **-*
Ij^Oß SALE— CIGAR SHOP AKiri5SS 5
J shop; $150. 1125 Market st. RBEK
IJAKERY FOR SALE, ALSO WAGON; LOYV
AJ rent. Inquire this office. . . '
fft 700 SALOON. AND, LUNCH HOUak"
•^ I UU. rent $35; cose to CalifornTa and Mont"
SZ&Sfjg? Pay ' * Call 633 California^
GOOD R ESTAURANT WOMAN WANTS
partner; small capital. R. w., box 1, Call
TpOB SALE-FINE SALOON YVITH ' L\l.G_"
r basement in busiest portion of Market st-
»«^c b^^i>_n^^iS
Agents, 87 3y_ Market st. w-.i-eai Estate
$225 «V^v Ji DELICACY STORE.
on G_»_ 'V «r n . n 0 , oms: centrally located
on oear> at. * -• C. HICKOK _ CO., 783 i< 2 Mar* eL
S3OO l£n T - NKR IN EASY BUSINESS;
HICKOK -gT_S?-f. ed . per month - c - c -
m-.hu__ CO., 873V_ Market st.'-
-_lt6oo X rAURANT AND BAKERY;
_-_t__-«fi_.*R-il oCat, ? ,l! doing $20 a day; must
sell at once; big bargain. PIERCE, 22 Kearny st.
'I*n»«]?.,- V, _ AN ' m TO ' SKLI - OR BUY A BUSI-
A -ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
yiNE.^ Y\-FLL-PAYJNO INFANTS' AND
£.^-"nderwear manufactory; in fine locality
?-4^uT'* ; , established; doing » big business: price
t 1 V?niS? s i,V" I. r,e! » 8 in the State for the money.
T. LUBELSKI.,7 City Hall aye.
."S^OOO elegant GROCERY store
t_>-*YJY/Y/. with .teams. R„ box 9, Call.
.*r> fi 0 1 I * ° " S GROCERY' AND BAR;
. « »^v»< r. good location western Addition; living
!?° l m si„ b argain; no agents. Address G., box 9,
"-au Office. - -..-y. .
\V i\*)T« D—A PARTY FROM $3000 TO
t '.SI-, 000; manufacturing business; plant be-
ing changed and Increased: will pay 25 per cent.
i Address D., box 147, Call Office. ;
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
PARTNER TAKE ONE-THIRD
315 i OU. Interest in eBt-o"iahed firm of manu-
fictiirers- agents handling Eastern agencies: the
above am'ou .1 to be invested In the business for
the nnriiose of developing it: will stand the most
ricid investigation: references. Dun or Bradstreet;
would prefer one who has had experience as a.
salesman ROBINSON, 4th floor, 933 Market st..
9to 10, 1t02,4 to 6. . _
"t HAVE THE BEST PAYING SALOON AND
1 cbophouse and lodging-house In the liveliest
town in California; 1 will sell all or take a partner:
'lan Live goo.l references. Call at CHAIX _.
BERNARD, 207 Sixth St.. S. F., Sunday or Mon-
day for information^
dftOO' .LUNCH AND DELICACY' STORE,
"IK_i_&o. with 3 sunny rooms: centrally located
lon Geary st. C.C. HICKOK & CO.. 873*/ Market.
fiTTiT- BARGAIN: CENTRAL PARK RES-
feIZO. taurant: opposite New City Hall. Ap-
ply- D. McRaE, 829 Mission st.
"■"-OR SALE - LOW, "THE OLD NEWS
£ Stand," etc., 129 Seventh at.; living-rooms;
make an offer. '
T*ioß SALE OR LEASE -3 SUITABLE
£ ranches' for poultry, pigs or dairy. CON KLIN,
Bruno road, near Six-mile house; office red flag.
T^^hTnCeTsELDOM OFFERED: ESTABLISH-
\J ed manufacturing business; half interest, $150.
8., box 22. Call Office.
J' OB PRINTING OFFICE, CASH $975: IN
J stallments, $1075. 4 California st,, room 6.
AIR BUSINESS FOR SALE: NEAR BALD-
-DL win Hotel. Address H.. box 105, Call, <y
rnAILOB-STORE7«'ITH GOOD TRADE, AT A
1 bargain. 1213 Polk st. ;
OR SALE-OLD-ESTABLISHED BUTCHER-
Jf ■hop. Apply 1220 Polk at,
;~ ROGER AND BAR; TRANSFER COR".
\j ner. Apply Call Office; no agents.
<_• 1 OAA PAPER ROUTE. NETS $50 PER
<tfrl_jUU. mouth. J. C, Call office, Oakland.
G GROCERY; 8 ROOMS UPSTAIRS; NEAR
l_r Market; low rent: goul stock. Apply Call.
AXE OFFER; GOOD STATIONERY AND
candy-store; central location. R. C, box 6,
Call Office.
ADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER
with $75; paying proposition. 12 Mason, rm. 2.
OOD PAPER ROUTE IN OAKLAND FOR
sale. Address YV., box 8, Call Office. Oakland.
ARTNER— FURNITURE AND STORAGE;
good business: great bargain. 414 McAllister.
IVEN AYVAY: FINE RESTAURANT: GOOD
business: account departure. 303"/_ Third st.
FOR SALE - A GOOD-PAYING CANDY'-
store; established 12 years; best locality long
lease; clearing over $100 a month: rare chance for
moderate investment: full Investigation allowed.
See owner at 22 sixth st. "
ifOR SALE — CHEAP; GOOD- PAY ING SA-
-1 loon; owner going East. Apply 624 Sacramento.
J_OXAA R*7UTE BUSINESS YVITH ORO-
fjpijKJyJy). eery-stores; clearing $200 month;
trial given. Address E. G., box 54. this office.
GROCERY' AND BAR FOR SALE: 3 LIVING-
r rooms: rent $20. Apply this office.
INTERIOR AGENCY OF THIS PAPER FOR
sale; nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply tall Office. V-.C?. ':
APER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEGRAPH^
11 ill district, covers 18 blocks; can be boughs.
cheap, and chances for increaaa are very good.
Apply this office, nrincipals only.
I** OR RENT OR SA LE-A BLACKSMITH AND
JO general jobbing shop, with tools and every-
thing complete: also dwelling-house, barn, wind-
mill, etc., standing on about one acre of land cov-
ered with assorted fruit-trees: the shop has been
run for over thirty years: place located In center of
the healthiest town in California: terms easy. For
further particulars inquire of ALEXANDER
WATSON .Giiroy. Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
SjOTIC^bTioirLODGING-HOUSES FOR SALS
IN from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
AM. SPECK & CO. HAVE MONEY T©
. loan.
10 rooms: corner: rent $35: price $250.
18 rooms; corner Geary ; grand; price $1200.
23 rooms, Post st. : drop in and make offer. »
115 rooms: bareain; rent $100: price $1000.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st,
4,4-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE. .
t:t: PRICE $700— YVORTH $2000 .
19-room house on Sutter st.: payments $1100
12-room house on Mason st 275
20 rooms on Fourth st., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st .* 750
45 rooms on Market st 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st,, opposite Fifth.
LODGING-HOUSE OF 21 ROOMS FOR SALE.
632 Mis don st.
U R NITURE OF 8 ROOMS: HOUSE ALL OC-
I cupjed: cheap. 31 13 Fourth st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"L* U R N ITI?RX^JFnPIVTrTtOO>^
£ cheap. 24 Mary st., off Mission, bet. Fifth and
Sixth.
T--URNITURE OF 5 ROOMS FOR SALE. 1121 _
J Silver st. /a
p HEAP-NEW FURNITURE OF 5- ROOM
\J flat: rent. $20. Apply 1626* / _ Pine st.
IfURNITURE OF 3 ROOMS**" AND KITCHEN"
cheap; good sewing-machine. 471 Tehama st*.
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding: new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step: furniture exebged. 779Missiou
11*1 RE SALE • ' "
Prices stand till goods are completely dl».
posed of.
Oak bed sets $ih 51
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves * 750
Carpels, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55,
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SB. corner Seventh and Mission sis. J.
NOON AN.
A(\f, CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14.
""" stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed- oonges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEYV $73,
tt Bedlounges trimmed with plush $5 bO
Brussels Carpet, laid ....45c up
English Linoleum, laid .".*."4ooupi
YY'indow shades in s colors 25c ub
SHIREK <fc SHIREK, 747 Market --."opposits
Grant avenue: no branch ores.
1 __ =3
FURNITURE WANTED.
TV* ANTED - SECOND-HAND FURNITURE
*1 for country: pay good price. 7 City Hal' aye.
SBASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNN
» ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
pAI.L ON J. C- MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
V you want highest cash price for your furniture.
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind. , -,-
AM ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOKE
than elsewhere for furniture to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
—
CARPET CLEANING.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGU^TEIT^vrrK
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating YVorks, 353-57 Tehama si.; tel. So. 40.
CONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye:; telephone east 126.
GREAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
Ing YVorks. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st, B. Grant.
CITY STEAM CARPKTCLEANING.RENOVA-"
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
TONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AN
0 renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
Ci RE AT YVESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT^
ring works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.office 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
(CARPETS CLEANED. 3c PER YARD; RE-*
\J laid, 5c per yard. S. STRATTON, 1» ________
ARRETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON &.CO.. 23 Tenth: teL
South 36. P. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 249
. 14th st.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
1* MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING ANDREN-
• * . ova: it.- works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south ggg.
!*__ yOjt^SAJL.E-MISCELLANEOCS.
TO LOVERS OF THE ANTIQUE— VERY OLD
A and elegant fernleaf mahogany sideboard: very
rich and choice. Apply 913 Polk, near Geary.
L"OR SALE, CHEAP; A~**fTbST-CLABS FAM*
-*- ily cow; perfect pet. 27a Noe st.
SHORSE-POYVER GOLDEN GATE GAS EN.
gine for sale. Inquire 820 Kearny st.
rpHOROUGHBRED ~ FRESH JERSEY" COW;"
A. third calf, gentle, rich milk. 143 Bartlett st.
I'OR McKAY' SEYViNG MACHINE*
£ 340 Sanchez st., corner Seventeenth.
IMPROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER; OAK: ALL
JL attachments; $15. 2437 Mission St., near 21st.
1 A-;Q GOLDEN GATE AYE. - 1 UNFUR-
A.\IUO nished front room: running water.
-L-iRESH FAMILY COW FOR SALE. 1223
J Eighteenth st.
S"EVERAL SECOND-HAND TANDEMS AND
safeties at extremely low prices. 328 McAllister.
I r At>Y's NEYV SEALSKIN for half origi""
I A nat cost at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
DYNAMO ENGINE BOILER AND a LOTOP
tools, cheap. 516 Mission.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNU
... " r boul lt the factory saves retailer's pro.
__ California Rattan Co.. 61 First St., nr. Mission
OTER . ING BICYCLE. BUILT LIKE 1
0 watch; terms easy. D. N. HAYVLEY, 318 Mkt.
L)AR OUTFIT. MIRRORS, CASH REGISTER*
J-> scales, etc. : cheapest. MEEK. Ills Mission:
TR. : . I,R V*-' HIAN S_f_j_si_a; BEST"sTOM -CH
*J bitters in market : buy your wines, liquors etc
at Bonanza YVine Vaults; free delivery cltv Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN & SCHURMANV
prop.. 341 Ptne, cor, Montgomery; nhone reTTffli'
.UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER Sashes'
1 > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission ***
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARfIF «<f-/ia'
fire and burglar proofjafe^. 11l M_rts-j?
If *5 ' AND BURGLAR SAFE. LET T £
£ press, platform scales and desk : cheap 102 Clay!
"V T EW RANGES CHEAPER TBIK «nam-
£j h*°d. -V.-jRAYM^Ca. 12 C^lfornPa.u
,C ES T H **• SHELVING. SHOWCASK-i
t bouthtand-oia 1121 v_ Market «»u l-k___uBHOUSES TO LET.
A '" l.V. I.\ I 'El. IK H'-fl^'sb'TTFß*
-r_ near Jones; choice for doctor or -j_wmaker. '
TTOUSE. 9 -ROOMS: MODERN IMPROVE:
J I merits. 1818 Leavenworth st.: desirable 10-
-cation; rent reasonable. * lu^
] . - -2__-*^s2? Ma 7 » FEDERAL ST:
rent?_d_^_. C „ betw *: en Bryant a " 'Brannan
rent reduced: * 1 -": water free. Apply 516 Second!
Si.") ' 707 LOWELL ST.. OPPOSITE UNION*
.nn l „:, 8 '"" re - lUrorin "' "" d l ' Ht: ': iTgevard-
■oil in every room; well -ida-.ted for acini- A* 111
lON AGARDNFIR, 411 Montgomery si. *"
5>(*l0 : ? 13G °LI>KN; gate AYE., OPP.
'£rt-*£ 1 w a J* Mr f' 17 J oom * and' bath: large
GABDIVkS 1 - 1 , i l ' r b. d AnA I >ttl:il e d. ASHTON J.
.'AiiiiiM.h, 411 Montgomery st.
*I>EST HOUSE IS ROOMS AND YTHI IV
city for the money., 1711 Baker near Cal.
914 ELLIS, ABOVE VAN NESS - SUNNY
y-a- * hou^e; 7 rooms: modem Improvements.
S 7 p« i? t 6 , KA YARD." WATER. SEPA-
*«tt>*« rate. Elm aye. /Apply at 1512 G. G. aye.
$28 y"o 7 < _i MS: largeTsonnv YARD]
_-__^y" *- 0 -' Pine st.. near Scott ; see it.
\\ 5215 s l M . A! - V MOUSES BECAUSE W|
Mnv^ift-f*-'- ri « - BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND. 10 Montgomery si. •
U^l-i. ', 10 BOOMS AND BARN; VERY
_l. cheap. Apply ----.- California -t.
_____^EITtN*ISHEI> HOUSES.
POR S 1 DURING BUMMER MONTHS
-i furnished house of 9 rooms: ail modern im-
provements; loca;ed 3 miles from Sun Jose: elec-
tric cars pass the door. For particulars address
box ■->■>. San Jose Mercury Oilice.
COTTAGES TO. LET.
C- >■ 1 ... I 4 SO OMsTba I'll AN_TcEX____?
chicken-house; lot 100x110; rent 915. Annlv
corner Fairmount and Laidley sts. ,
SUNNY COTTAGE OF 5 BOOMS AND BATH*
B. able if required. 2427 Post st.
COTTAGE OF . BOOMS; COBNEB GREEN
and Polk sts.
rpo LET IN THE MISSION YY'ARM BELT—
A Sunny Eastlake cottage of 5 rooms; all latest
Improvements; large dry basement: electric-cars
puss ihe door: rent $18. 212 Chattanooga st.. bet.
Twenty-third and 'twenty -fourth.
( IOTTAGE 4 BOOMS; BATH; STABLE. 110
\J Sanchez st., near Fourteenth.
"\ IO D ERN BAY-YYTNDOW COTTAGE ; 5
-'i rooms: bath; basement ; yard. 737 Treat
"I YEAR COTTAGE 4 BOOMS; YARD: SH-
AY _4_6y 3 Bush st. Key 2.28
OUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
JO bath: basement and yard. Corner Dolores and
Fifteenth sts.
COTTA.iI-. 4 ROOMS, BATH. 23 BYI.-.GTON
\J at., off Webster, hr. Ellis.
-".-VI ELLIS. ST.— TYVO ROOMS IN REAR
t -» » A house: rent $6.
furnished FLATS. ~
Sunny- HANDSOMELY FURNISHED FIX) IB
* of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; suitable for family or
rhvslclan: reasonable. 913 Polk St.. near Geary
FLATS TO LET.
'i'ii">' SHOTYY'ELL, near TWENTIETH-
\J\f\J F'urni&hed flat: 4 rooms, modern: 918.
.__•)". 1"13 MCALLISTER, NEAR BRODER-
*- "**• i.'k— 7 rooms and bath; newly papered
and painted; modern finish. ASHi'oN _; GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st.
1 ELEGANT FLATSOF 6 ROOMS AND HATH
J each; just completed, with all the latest con-
veniences; rents reasonable; Valencia St., bet. Six-
teenth and Seventeenth. Apply I. A. SOUC &
CO., 465 Y'alenciast., near Sixteenth.
"\\ ANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
'» flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st.
\ PARADISE IN - KLAT AT 911 OAK ST.;
■— I flowers, fruit, stable. SPECK .t CO.
>^-»*- 2217 BUSH ST.; ELEGANT NEW
Vdd. flat, 7 rooms, bath and laundry; separate
yard. Nicol.. 5341/3 California st.
\TEvi" ELEGANT, UPPER SUNNY* MODERN
-' flat; 6 rooms and bath. 838 Golden Gale aye
_■»••- MODERN UPPER FLAT, 7 LARGE
—O. sunny rooms and bath. 2219 Sutter 91.
_"• 1\) 3 large rooms; YARD. ao.thib-
».. 1 •). ... i,;.h St., above Y'alencia.
• > UPPER FIATS, 3 ROOMS EACH; $10. 29
— Ringold st., near Folsom and Ninth.
,',lj SANCHEZ, NEAR 19TH (FLAT B)-4
<J"l*i rooms, bath; sunny; decorated and modern.
C-)f- F I 1 I I : NTH, bet. market an d
COD — Sunny flat 5 rooms, bath: rent cheap.
UNNY UPPER FLAT ROOMS, BATH;
reasonable. 209 Steinerst.. near Haight.
ELEGANT MODERN UPPER FLAT: 8 ALL
J sunny rooms: pleasant surroundings. • 323
Jones St., corner Ellis.
VUT 3 NICE ROOMS: ;~\\ILLIAM ST.;
' A cheap rent. Apply 51 1 , 2 Geary st.
_*• IT^j1 T^j FLA. OF 5 SUNNY' ROOMS; BATH.
V" J. O. NE. corner Polk and Jackson sts.
- »")o|'Kl.M-AVE., 111-1. VAN •"■ .M-.-S AND
— —.I) Franklin, Turk a:, I Golden Gate— Flat 5
rooms; bath; modern improv-ments.
Q 1 - FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
'_ 1«- Sanchez si., corner Eighteenth.
TTPPER FLAT: 5 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
-912. 1 01 4 Vi Steven sou st. 1
9*l .71-2191/0 TYVEN TY'-THIRD —SUN XV' ]
— 1 * 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath: 1106
Alabama, collage, 5 rooms and bath; $12,914,
. £15; '-
MODERN UPPER FLAT OF 2-STORY*
nous.-; 6 large rooms and bath: cellar; sunny
yard. 1423*72 Hayes St., near Baker.
ffilf* UPPER; --BOOH ; NEW: MODERN:
♦_ XU. fronting panhandle. 1622 Fell st., near
Lou.
Ql9 4 NICE ROOMS. 528 GREENWICH
•_ 1 — • St., near Stockton, on sunny side.
ODERN FLAT; 6 ROOMS: BATH; STABLE.
375 Shotwellst., near Eighteenth.
AOQ EDDY ST.— MODERN* LOYVER 7-ROOM
tIOO fiat line location for doctor's office.
9>l HOYVARD— NICE SUNNY FLAT OF 4
OO rooms; cheap rent.
&1 0~E LAT 4 ROOMS. 125 PAGE ST., BET.
0 ±0. Gough and Octavla.
191 f. K1)1J v ' near LAG UN A— SUNNY
J-ID flat; 5 rooms; bath; modern improve-
ments; key in rear.
<i 5 I HARRISON, NEAR SIXTH — NEW
VOX flat: rooms: all improvements; cheap.
4" "and 5 BOOMS, BATH: »11, $12. 913; BLEC-
trie line. 4585 a, 4587. 4591 a Eighteenth st.
S. FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post.
T L'>y. XI RE -""UPPER 6 ROOMS, BATH,
X\)~ O $19: lower 5 rooms, bath, $17: modern.
*1 CAT STEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
JL C" 1 flat, 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
"V-EAR CITY HALL — 2 FLATS, 5 ROOMS
--> each, 141 drove si., $20; 10 Grove St., 924.
_ l - 7 ROOMS AND BATH; SW. CORNER
•_ L I . scot; and Ellis sts.; upper flat.
ODERN SUNNY LOWER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Page St., cor. Clayton, Golden Gale Park.
\\rE ""RENT MANY' FLATS BECAUSE YVE
>» treat people right. BALDWIN <_ HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
ffl]-" LOY'ELY FLAT ; 5 SUNNY ROOMS
♦_ L ''■ and bath: newly papered and painted. 814
Nineteenth at., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
UrEBSTER 207-209— SUNNY F\LATS, 6 AND
»» 7 rooms; rent $25, $27 50.
Vteyvsunny flatTsrooms AND~ BATH;
--> was $20. now $13 50; Castro cable; see photo-
graph. HOVEY". 508 California St.
IS LEG ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
U low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; 98 to 916.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH_f
1-. EKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Eddy Street.
"I "I O EDDY — 3 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
.1 J-O rooms; other newly furnished rooms: cheap.
Ellis Street.
Q9 ELLIS — 4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
OO+L rooms with bath. ■
*79__ ELLIS- UNFURNISHED SUNNY AL-
i _-U cove: also sunny back rooms for housekpg.
Elliott Park.
"I "I ELLIOTT PARK. OFF STEINER^ NEAR
J X Geary— 2 sunny rooms; suitable for 2; bath.
"I 9 ELLIOTT PARK, OFF -TEINEK, BET.
1 — O'Farrell and Geary— „ rooms, furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping, with bath.
Fifth Street.
107 FIFTH - PLEASANT SUNNY' UNFUR-
X V i nished rooms to let. -
Q-Q SUNNY BEDBOI AND KITCHEN;
<£)0. running water; bath; private: no children.
314 Fifth st.
Q .) . ) M H-2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
O—— housekeeping; cheap rent. ■
A L ')9< 1 FIFTH— FRONT ROOM AND KITCH-
y* -*" ( ~ ? <t en furnished complete for housekeeping.
. . . . v Fillmore Street.
Qjin 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSEKF.EP-
'- 10. ln» rooms. 2208"/2 Fillmore st , nr.Clay.
1 oUom street.
fY^R 8011 - 8 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
VW * or housekeeping; range; hot, cold water.
frl 4- F ,°l*PM-FIIRNISHED AND UNFUR-
*-J-*-± nished housekeeping rooms.
'.oldßu <.„ „ Avenue.
000 GOLDEN GATE AYE.-4 SUNNY FUR-
<JtJIJ nished housekeeping rooms; bath.
Harrison Street.
1 fil 0 HARRISON.'NEAR TWELFTH-TWO
XVJX\J housekeeping rooms and barber shop-
rent cheap.
Hickory Avenue
"I AC HICKORY AYE., COR. FRANKLIN-
X -"> 3 large sunny rooms, furnished; house-
. J_-e_)ing; 915. yyy..
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS - Continued.
Howard Street.
TO 1 HOWARD ST.. COR. THIRD— 2 OR 3
' " '"1 nicely furnished rooms for housekeeping.
I 9A'-*J Howard— housekeeping ROOMS
-L— IN") in a private family ; gas; bath; cheap.
~\ ""in J '""HOWARD-:* NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
-L__v»'-_ complete for housekeeping; rent cheap.
"1 HOWARD ~2~ OR 3 FURNISHED
IUuU rooms complete for housekeeping, with
gas and bath; private family : rent reasonable.
Larkin Street.
1 ftl .U LARKIN -2 SUNNY* FURNISHED
_v/__;j rooms for housekeeping: reasonable.
Leavenworth street.
■X"! C LEAVENWORTH ST.-3 FURNISHED
OXO housekpg rooms; parlor floor; no children.
rTLEAVEXWORIBb-'PARLOR FLOOR
£k of 3 rooms; furnished completely; gas;
range. ___.
Market Street.
1 QftQA MARKET-NICELY FURNISHED
±OU«_. sunny housekeeping rooms; first floor;
cheap. " y .
1 Q97 MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA— 2 OR 3
lOi ' sunny coiner rooms furnished; house-
keeping; $16 to **20. Apply 3 > earl st. ■
McAllister Street.
AA 7 MCALLISTER— a ROOMS FURNISHED
111 complete for housekeeping: $12 and up.|
M i i>« -**Teet.
Q7l MINNA-LARGE SUNNY BASEMENT
0.1 room; water: stove: closets: private family.
"'jf* MINNA - FURNISHED FOB ROOMS
_»-iU housekeeping; large yard.
Mission street.
' Am MISSION, NR. SIXTH — 2 LARGE,
d'xO sunny, well furnished housekeeping rooms.
Q A 7 MISSION-FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
Orti ple;e for housekeeping.
(_t_l MISSION-1 OR _ CHEAP FRONT
VOX rooms furnished for housekeeping; private.
91 A MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
xZiXrJ keeping rooms ; gas; bath; no children.
Morris Avenue.
1 CiO MORRIS AYE. - 4 UNFURNISHED
A— U rooms: lower floor; cellar; water free; Sll.
Apply 529 Sixth st.
______ Oak street.
in OAK— 9S; SUNNY' ROOMS FOR RESPECT-
-40 able working women: private day home for
children. ■ .
O'F'arrell Street.
OOQ O'FARRELL, NEAR VAN NESS AYE.—
—.i) 2 front connecting rooms: suitable for light
housekeeping. . '.
second Street.
000 \Ci 425 SECOND ST.; 7 ROOMS AND
«*_. .OK), bath; nice yard. NICOL, 634 i/ 2
California st.
Seventh Street.
1 Or*' SEY'ENTH— TWO LARGE FURNISHED '
-LOO front housekeeping rms.; yard: reasonable.
107 SEY'ENTH-^2 SUITES HOUSEKEEP-
IO ' ing rooms; 58 and $10.
H9 SEVENTH — SUITES, SINGLE AND
J *i_ housekeeping: suitable for doctor or dentist. I
sixth Si reet.
m SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
cozy housekeeping rooms and single.
South Park.
09 SOUTH PARK— ONE OR TWO NICELY
OJ- furnished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
Third Street.
-1 A O THIRD-SUITE OF HOUSEKEEPING
HO THIRD-SUITE first floor; bath; gas.
O rooms, complete: first floor; bath; gas.
90 A THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
00*l keeping rooms; water free; 96.
"1 Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK — FUR*"
OX nished housekeeping rooms. Y.i; y . v*y
Twenty-sixth Street.
m TWENTY-SIXTH — 2 ROOMS; BATH;
x— ») housekeeping; $10 a month; single $4.
Valenci ■■ Street
Kri VALENCIA— TYVO LARGE SUNNY',
lil 2 neatly furnished rooms for housekeeping;
with use of bath. .
Van Ness Avenue.
9-j van NESS avf:.-if YOU WANT new.
— 1 ly furnished sunny housekeeping rooms
cheap, call.
Washington Street.
CAO WASHINGTON — SUNNY U FU R-
O'J — nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
ROOMS TO LET.
1.11-1 street.
"I On*". BUSH— SINGLE FRONT ROOM; FUR-
_._.Vc» nished; #5 month.
1 A"I _> BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE: FINE LO-
l"tlOcat:on: pleasant home; private family;
reasonable; references. ______
Bryant Avenue.
CLEAN BEDS. 10c AND 15c PER NIGHT.
Old French Hospital, Bryant at., bet- Fifth and
Sixth. ysy .:
Eddy Place.
-Cm EDDY-LARGE ROOM WITH GRATE,
OQ\J large closet. $8: room with stove $6.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
cisco. MRS. KATE S. HART, manager-Just
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 160 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite: gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and lire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct ;o ferry and park pass the
door. _E?_3S
9"! A ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY*
—A" rooms; day, week or month. '
Fifth Street.
*1 OQ FIFTH— SUNNY SINGLE AND DOUBLE
X\J V rooms to let, from $1 50 to $3 a week.
Folsom street.
Qd(\ FOLSOM — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O'XU gentlemen; gas and bath: $1 50 per week.
Fourteenth Street.
Ofl'l FOURTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD— 4
-.v/-*. rooms cheap.
Geary Street.
O. 71 GEARY — NEYVLY FURNISHED
_ L ' 3 double room ; $7 60.
m GEARY— SMALL SUNNY AND LARGE
double rooms; references.
Q9X GEARY ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
o+*o rooms, single, suite; modern conveniences.
Golden bat. Avenue.
no A GOLDEN GATE AYE. — FURNISHED
ZiKj'i room.
1 nflfll GOLDEN GATE AYE., COR. LAGCNA
J_Uv/VJ st. — Handsomely furnished sunny bay-
window suite: also single room: opposite the park.
Harrison Street.
7791 HARRISON. NR. FOURTH— FINELY
I I — furnished sunny rooms; single or double ;
bath: yard; $1 a week.
Jackson Street.
1 A*l ft JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
11' J nished sunny front housekeeping, single;
55 to $8. ".-
. Jessie street.
A 9' JESSIE, NEAR MINT-PRIVATE FAM-
rrOU ily: sunny single room; rent 95.
Jones Street.
9A7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
.— U I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc; SlO to £30.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KE ARN AS-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect : terms reasonable,
§Bo__ market Street.
"V OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
I night, 35c to $1; week, 91 50 to $5: families. .
in-! ft MARKET — NICELY - FURNISHED
X HO suite; Ist floor; also single: transient.
1 .Q MARKET— 2 MORE SUNNY' OFFICE- ;
£O\JO also rooms for housekeeping.
9AQ9 PLEASANT "FURNISHED
ZAjO*. room for gentleman, with bath: $8 per
month. •.■•.■■;■ ..-.; v
Mary Street.
9"| 1 MARY, BET. MISSION AND HOWARD—
— 13 Neatly furnished suite of sunny front rooms,
cheap. . _^
Minna street.
Q7 MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS BUIT-
-0 I able 1 or 2 persons: also single rooms; cheap.
MiNNA, CORNER - ' EIGHTH— NEYVLY*
Owl furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient. ' ' "-■ -'- ; ■
Mission -• ccci.
„lO MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
Oi-O rooms: 16c to 50c per night; $1 to «2 week.
l/UROPK- HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
P. furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
•Ninth Street.
1 0_~"T NINTH — FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
iZOa and single rooms, SI to $3 per week.
o'Farrell Street.
1 OO O-FAREELL— SINGLE ROOM, NICELY
I _*- furnished for gentlemen; all conveniences:
central; «7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1896.
BOOMS TO LET-Continued.
- Fine Street.
m PINE-PLEASANT ROOMS FOR GEN-
\JXX tlemen: $5 and $10; quiet house. ■
.Polk Street.
n. POLK— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS-
or single; $4 to 812; also housekeeping.
Ql O POLK-ELEGANTLY FURNISHED AL-
«7 I. «J cove sunny front room; bay-window; new
carpets, furniture; suitable for 2 young men or
couple: also handsomely furnished single rooms-
gas, bath; running water. -.?*fSß_"!__
Post Street.
r.OO POST-COZILY' FURNISHED PARLOR,
UtJO with folding-bed and use of adjoining room,
suitable for professional man; terms moderate.
C9CB TO LET-FOUR UNFURNISHED
vJ'tJ | YJ I rooms; bath and gas; In a private family.
7ft 9 POST. NEAR JONES-LARGE ROOM-
< V^*-i running water; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
i owell Street.
99C POWELL, COR. GEARY-ONE LARGE
— — basement-room and one sunny corner up-
stairs.
Buss Street.
9*l RGSS - LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
*uK front room: two gents or couple; bath: «8.
Sixth Si reel.
I A9l SIXTH (CHANGED HANDS) — FUR-
J"*-'' nished rooms suitable for gentlemen.
MRS. L. DEAN.
Seventh Street.
1 3t". SE VENTH-NICELY' FURNISHED SIN-
A OYJ I gie front rooms: $1 week. ■
-Utter Street.
THE ALEXANDRIA, 781 setter— ele-
gant rooms; first-class dining-room; elevator.
Taylor Street.
"I IQ TAYLOR -CORNER FRONT ROOM;
XrtO newly furnished; suitable for 2 persons.
9.lft TAY'LOR-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
*-"iY/ try room for one or two gentlemen.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET— LARGE
sunny room;. board optional.
third - eet.
TV"" INCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market: most convenient and respectable; 201)
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night ; *1 50 to $li per week;
electric lights in every room reading r"m : free bus.
9'*»A THIRD, COLTON HOUSE-SUITES AND
-__-V" single light housekeeping rooms; $5 up.
Thirteenth Street.
_l"| Ql THIRTEENTH ST. — SUNNY FRONT
~£X(J» room: gas, bath: board if desired.
Turk Street.
mTURK — SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
j * room; first floor; suitable man and wife or
i 2 gents.
I '79*7 BUSH — PLEASANT, SUNNY*, FUR-
| • *i * nished rooms; double, single, light house-
■ keeping; reasonable. .'-V ;-'y .
Van Ness Avenne.
1 091 VAX Nl '"'"'S AYE., COR. GEARY, AN
* "— X elegant front suite of 3 or more connect-
i ing sunny rooms; all complete.
A YVEF'K'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TKiS
-A WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
BOARDING AND - -°-? MS -
Qox post. n*l^hyde^n7u£^y^ur^
OOP large front room; good board lor 2 gents.
(lOQ GE*ARY— LArtGE SUNNY suite; PRI-
-000 vate;bath; suitable for family ; fine board.
ICELY FURNISHED BOOMS; UNSUR-
-L' passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
I $30 mo. Hackmeier's Hotel. GEO. GRUF'NTQ, Pr.
BEST TARLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week. $16 a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
Hackmeif:r's HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY* ST.;
new management: GEORGE ÜBUENIG. pro-
! prietor; board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
BERT LING. 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
-1 er*i conveniences. • . .
children BOARDED.
L"adTwoulFTike~i^rTchil^^ 0
board ; good home. 1230 Mission st.
j "[YJURse wants inf'aßpt or older child
• -L> to board: very reasonable. 2919 Sixteenth st.
i \\T ANTED— CHILD TO BOARD; NOT UNDER
1 ' ' 5 years; best of care. Apply this office. -' '
STORES TO LET.
4 ELEGANT STORE'S, WITH 2 ROOMS IN
rear, just completed, in the heart of the Mis-
sion, Y'alencia st., bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth:
rents reasonable. Apply L. A. SOUC A CO,, 465
Valencia st., near Sixteenth.
STORE— NW. - HYDE AND PACIFIC
sts.; large cellar and stable; suitable for saloon,
grocery or drug store. ' * ' ■■' •vy.' : i % "
I "1 Aj-'O MISSION— FINE STORE ANDCEL-
•A VUO lar, 104 feet; wlnehouse or barroom.
TORF*— SUITABLE BUTCHER OR FRUIT;
118 Fillmore st. ; cheap rent. Inquire rear.
O TOR E-s U ITAB LB BUTCHER OB FRUIT;
O 118 Fillmore st. ; cheap rent. Inquire rear,
TO LET CHEAP— SMALL BRANCH BAK-
A cry, with rooms. Twentieth, near Castro: $12.
I 41 Pi FOURTH— SMALL STORE. YVITH ROOM
"1G In rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN «_ CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
OFFICES TO LET.
SPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices; low rent; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
lng or G. H. UMBSEN <fc CO., 14 Montgomery st.
THE DENTAL OFFICE* OF DX. JAME_ED*-
WARDS. 51/2 Kearny at., to let on May 1. Ap-
ply J. A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis St.
CIALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
) Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
STABLES TO LET. ~
BEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE: 2414 CALI-
-fornla st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
lclti building.
HOTEL TO LET. ~
HOTEL TO LET—THE TELL
House, 817-319 Bush St.: this well-known
hotel is thoroughly renovated and considerably
improved and may compare with the best secoud-
class hotel In this town. MADISON <fc BURKE,
LOST.
STRAYED f XJPSSnatf BRO WN-AND- BLA CX
cow with broken horn. Return to 40 Hancock
St. and receive reward.
1 OST— LADY'S GOLD WATCH AND LOCKET;
AJ initials C. M. Return 35 Silver a:., reward.
LOST— THURSDAY, APKIL 9, LOCKET PLA-
tina and gold set in diamonds. . Reward for re-
turn to J. EBON, Pier 7,Steuart st.
5hE FOR INFORMATION LEADING TO THE
VP O arrest of party who stole large mastiff; name
"Nemo";- license 2333. JOSEPHS, 707 Market,
LOST— A PASSBOOK YVITH THE
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of MARY MCALLISTER, No. 72,290.
The finder will please return to bank.
LEGAL NOTICES.
rTY~ANIT CO Ui^T^Tß^A^-TYT^SAoN
Francisco. March 21, 1896.— 1n compliance
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public aution by E. S.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
street, on MONDAY', April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. it., sundry articles of stolen, lost and unclaimed
property recovered by the police force of San
Francisco, as detailed in an inventory thereof on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistols, knives, etc. Open for inspection on morn-
ing of sale. . A. C. YVIDBEB,
•*■»:" City and County Treasurer.
TN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
A of California in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the application for voluntary
dissolution of '-The San Y'sldro Investment Com-
pany" (a corporation). Notice of hearing. No.
13,948.
Notice Is hereby given that The San Y'sidro In-
vestment Company, a corporation formed under
the laws of the State of California, has presented
to the Superior Court of the State of California in
and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying to be dissolved, and that,
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
In and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall, San Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896.
: [Seal. J C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By YVM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-officlo Deputy Clerk
.of the Superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners. . -. . -. : .-.'.
IN~THF" SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California, in and for the City and County of
San Erancisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the application for voluntary
dissolution of "The Dlnsmore Water Company"
(a corporation). Notice of hearing. No. 13,949.
- Notice is hereby given that The Dinsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the State of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the Slate of California In and for the
City and County of San Francisco an application
praying to be dissolved, and that MONDAY, the
20th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
a. m. of that day, or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be beard, aud ihecourtroom of Department No
10 of said Superior Court in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, in the new CitvHall,
Ban Francisco, Cal., are appointed as the time
and place at which said application -will be heard.
; In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal -of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896.
! (Seal.J C. F. CURRY, County Clerk-
By YVM.R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-oflicio Deputy Clerk
of the Superior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Petl-
tlonera. . 1
_____PIANOS, Jyiolins,
I"VrOT,HOW I CHJ_AP,_UT_:OW,GOOI>,'_S THE
AY proper way. to consider every bargain offered:
ours are the best that can be offered for the price;
a Steinway 9200; a masrnificent 11 aril man. ele-
gant case and 'tone, carefully used, half price;
these are wonderful opportunities and will not
wait long for you. The J. DEWING COMPANY,
warerooms second floor Flood building, Fourth
and Market sts.; 100 pianos in stock.
MOST ELEGANT HARDMAN UPRIGHT
grand; a magnificent piano; sacrificed by lady
in urgent need of funds. Room 10, 809 Market st.
A MAGNIFICENT STEINVVAY PIANO FOR
A sale by lady compelled to sacrifice it. Address
Bargain, box 123, tills office. ;
PRIVATE PARTY YVILL SACRIFICE
JX. nice Steinway. See it at room 21, 809 Market.
ffl;10^, AN F.ABTERN- UPRIGHT 3
«3D 1 0 . ) . stringed YV eber ; $350. BR XX , 228
Post St. : ,■
T7PRIGHT PIANO CHEAP. 2410.. GEARY
U St., between Baker and Lyon.
<a_C INSTALLMENTS BUY A $375
''WO piano lor 950- 221 Leavenworth st.
IpiNE CONCERTGRAND PIANO; SUITABLE
A 1 for a hall; also Baby Grand. 514 Sutter st.
'a»"|9f_ UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
WXJjO. tion; cash or installments.. 106 Mc-
Allister st.
PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ
ttPOO. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank. '
LL YOU YVANT- IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money ; investigate these prices and be. con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the five-
bar autoharp 94; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and' oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos in any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak. $187; one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market at., Sprock-
el's building.
laNOS— $90. $100, 9160: GREAT BAR-
gains. MAUY'ALS' 769 Market st.
SHAYV, $425: 2 STEIN WAYS, $215, $195-
Sommer, $185; squares, $25, 955: rents $_
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 186 Ellis su
ELEBRATED ~H ACNES BROS., BUSH _
Certs and Knabe p anos: being overstocked
wholesale prices will rule during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St., 8. F.
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
gradeT. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st,
ARE YOU DESIROUS OF" OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then invest our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY' & CO., Steinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.
\\ ' M. O. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL, ROOM 1,
»' first floor; sole agents Hallet& Davis pianos;
pianos. organs sold for cash or installments.
ONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW-
great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PAN 338 Post St. -y:.
C'HICKE RING, KNABE, BTECK.VOSF:, STER-
-1 ling pianos: see our new piano lor 9187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell.
Q_] 7; CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
tjpl. %O. upright; perfect order. 1018 Van Ness.
I "iI'CKER BROS., STEINWAY , FISCHER AI'JD
AJ other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for casfi or on easy terms. KOHLER _
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
ASY' TERMS; LOW PRICES. KOHLER~_
CHASE.
YRON MAI'ZY, 308 POST SOHMER,
Newby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
_< U PER R VIOLINS, ZITHF-RS. OLD-NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
_____________
EDUCATIONbvLb
A*^Y*RESVI"HE LEAITibJt-b3HoItTFIAND^OL^
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship 950; low rates per week and month.
LiRENCH, GERMAN, SPANISH; LEARN TO
£ speak: sp'c'l $2. Flood building.
1 OOKKPNG, W 1 1 1 IN . ■ . AR I I'll M TC, GRAM R;
1 < day & night; no classes; 95 month. 825 Mission.
RS. MELVILLE SNY'DER, STUDIO 514 SUT-
ter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution:
dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakespear-
ean classes; stage . dancing; minuet, gavotte, etc.
Vocal classes resumed Monday. April 13, at 8 p.m.
/ - UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND 'VOCAL
VJ lessons; $3 mo. MARY.YVESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian. 3 lesson:, w.; $3m. Maze bid, r.37.
OOK PING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
better than in any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARE. 6S9 Mkt.
CADE— OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
V*. RE NCI 1 , 9 i ' A I "7, ETC.; DFFfLIPPE^S
£ Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:estab'd 1871
TOSEPH OREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
U Ninth st. y.'i. y
PaNISU. FRENCH, GERM AN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages. 122 O'F'arrell st
OICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
A YRES.THF. LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
-A lege: individual Instruction; 4 months' course;
tiay and evening 325 Montgomery st. y.. _-•
LJELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Af Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and MkU
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING, ME-
chanica! engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN r>ER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
HEALD'S*YUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand.
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. rite for catalogue.
"YTIGHTSCHOOL;tIEALD'SRI.'S. COLLEGE
-.-> Post: commercial, shorthand. English : low ra'ei
lOLI.N. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 10.6y_ Valencia
CIHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
) ham's School, cor. Gearv and Powell sts.
MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS— n!Tj_EDU_NE, I NSTRI>
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles.no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFF'ERINO
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately ; prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. <_ MRS.
DAVIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
LA DIES-CHIC HI- ST ER'S ENGLISH PEN-
nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable: take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, 'Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mall at druggists Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia Pa.
"I ADIES— DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA-
Xj ting pills; strongest, safest, best: never fall;
91 per box. YVIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
URE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GYVYEiI, 226 Turk St.
Af RS. DR. YVF*GENEK, PRIVATE HOME IN
IYL confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
LL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post su, near Larkin.
LADIES. CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure ; diseases of the eyes treated.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
borne for patients: best skill; medical attend-
uce; low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 F'ightb st., Alameda.
ALPE A U^S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; - $2 60 express C. O. P.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
R, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
IJones. Diseases of women and children.
~~^. „„ """TRUSTEES' SALES. ~
BUS-RES' SALE— IN ACc6RDAN-E~WTH
the term? and under the authority of a certain
Deed of Trust, duly executed by BENJAMIN B.
PIERCE, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBF*LI,andTHADDEUSB. KENT Trustees,
parties ef the second part, and the SAN FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the third
part, dated March 14th, 1891, and recorded in the
office of the County Recorder of the County of San
Luis* Obispo, State of California, in Liber 10 of
Trust Deeds, at pages 60 and following: and in
pursuance of a resolution passed on the 19th day of
March, 1896, by the Beard of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 10,725), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid Deed of Trust
was executed, declaring that default had been
made In the payment of the principal sum and
other sums, due under said note and Deed of
Trust, and requesting ad* directing said HENRY'
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the -real estate described therein
to satisfy- said indebtedness
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL ana THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the sth day of May, A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of ■ that day, and at the auction
salesroom Of EASTON. F'LDRIDGE & CO., No.
638 Market street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, all those pieces or parcels
of land situate In the County of San Luis Obispo,
State of calllfortna, described as follows, to wit:
- 1 According ' to the official j plats and system of
surveys of. the Government of the United states:
■ In township twenty-five (25) south, range thir-
teen (13) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian:
Of section twenty-five (25) the south half of the
north half (8. */ 2 of N. Va) and the south half of
the south half (S. i_ of S. y 2 ) :
Of section twenty-seven (27) the southeast quar-
ter (SK. 14). y~
Containing in all four hundred and eighty (4SO)
acres of land, more or less, together with the ap-
purtenances.
TERMS OF SALE— in gold coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on tbo fall of the hammer, balance on de-
livery of deed; - and if not- so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to ■: be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, i^,,..,.
,-. .; THADDEUS B. KENT, / Truatees -
CITY REAL ESTATE.
____-7__ 38X12-7~Nr"s7~LAIDLF'.Y' ST. 148
»TpO iO . feet west of Mateo, block 5. Fairmount
Tract. CHARLES C. FIsHER, 607 California st,
5I Q *"..*- 25x90; EAST SIDE CENT A L
«55 1 00\J. aye., 26 feet N of Waller.
9950—200x200 in block 44, City Land As-
sociation.
9800—60x120; 1-story house, s rooms; good well,
barn, etc.; west side Bowdoin St., 100 feet Bof
Silliman, University Mound .ract.
9860— 60x160: NE cor. Congdon and Trumbull
sts., College Homestead.
9150-120x100; comer block 123, University
Mound Tract.
9260— 25x125; NE cor. I obos and Capitol sts.,
Railroad Homestead Association, Ocean View.
990—26x100: lot 13, block 9, City Land Associa-
tion.
92000—53:4x114: N side of Twenty-sixth St.,
320 feet YV of Church.
CHAS. C. FISHER, 607 California st,
LOTS ON
BAKER ST..
MCALLISTER ST.,
LYON ST..
GOLDEN GATE AYE.
AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY, APRIL 16,
In our salesroom, at 12 o'clock.
All the reels are sewered.
Stone walks around the entire block.
Every lot is on grade. Onlr 15 • ■-. •
minutes to the business center of the city
by electric or cable lines.
Go and see this block to-day and attend the sale.
Don't be one of those who will say
after the opportunity is gone, "I didn't
know they would go so cheap." We
notify you that the lots will go at '
your prices. No limit or reserve
placed on them by the owner.
TERMS, 1/4 CASH.
Balance In 1, 2 and 3 years.
BALDWIN _
HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery St.
OEE THIS TO-DAY.
MUST BE SOLD.
\t_-l OCA ONLY 9160 CASH; INBTALL-
X\jO\J . merits of 920 per month Including in-
terest; very sunny, cozy, comfortable cottage
known as 33 Whitney St., bet. Thirtieth and
Randall; in Al order; pretty flower garden; lot
25x125; good location only 2 blocks from Twenty
ninth st. cars and a stone's throw from Joost's
electric road. TOBIN & McNALLY, 630 Market.
JUST FINISHED; FINE 10 - ROOM REST
dence; no reasonable oiler refused, for this is
the last of handsome block fronting Alamo square;
fine. 720 Steiner st.
__^»7C WORTH DOUBLE: LOT ON LOM-
»_SU I O. bard st.; easy terms. Owner, 1128 Y'al-
lejo st. ■ . ' . ,
FBUITVALE TERMINAL 1 RACT— SEE IT
to-day. D. PRATT, Fruitvale Station.
<J_OA PER LOT, 25x100: SAN BRUNO ROAD:
<_5.-jU 6*/ 2 miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. P. R. h. shore line will cross tract, make It busi-
ness property; 15 minutes distant: some day
worth 91000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery St., room 10.
(_*! PER WEEK: FRUITVALE TERMINAL
<"_> J- tract: lots 9100- McCART V CO., 646 Mkt.
$1 000 COTTAGE; 8 ROOMS: LOT 50x135:
(JplOuU. in Berkeley, nearstation: payments
easy.
91100— Cottage; 3 rooms: lot 75x125.
91000— Handsome corner; 100x100; $15
monthly.
9200— Lot 25x135 ; 910 down; 96 monthly.
QHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
.©"1 (100 WI LL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN'!
■JP-L' '\J\J dow cottage; modern • improvements;
basement; lot 26x100; South Broderick St., near
Haight. Apply 1330 Mission st. ' ' v
VI ARKET^STREKT PROPERTY.
READY* FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
NEAR VALENCIA.
Rare chance for investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
O. N. R.. box 9, this office.
MODERN 2-STORY DWFJLLINO, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for 92500; flats
an ' cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
see plans. JAS. McCONA EY', 1 149 Mission st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE^
Jin ftOO le^-~A^KsTTiX^_~"StTLES^'RO^M
«_? X\J\J\J . St. Helena; 14 acres choice wine
grapes worth 925 ton; house, barn and family or-
chard. ... .-.,'. ::■:, -: ■:..;- --->
9350— 160-acre relinquishment near Placerville;
house, barn, tools, etc. CHAS. COLTON, 906
Market si.
ESTABLISHED... q .....16 YE ARS
Xj N. D. sickf:ls
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (,3000 propositions); most reliable,
latest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America,
620 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
"s_Tn7wfrWl__rß_Y A LITTLE HOME IN
«_SJLY/ Sausalito: large lot, all planted with
trees-, hillside; magnificent views; 4 rooms, bath
room, conservatory, cellar, fnrnlshed complete:
chickens, etc. Apply this office. - . ■ > ■ '
HOG AND CHICKEN RANCH 2 MILES
from Oakland: 100 hogs, 125 chickens, 3
horses, 2 wagons, harness, _ boilers, lot tools, large j
lot panel fencing, lumber, etc.; home, barn and
chicken-houses; 9800; products pay expenses:
rent 910 month. Address W. K. DEXTER, 2924
California st.
0 ACHES IN HAYYVARDS; MOSTLY IN
vJ French prunes; good bouse and stable: will
exchange for San Francisco property; 95500.
PHILBRICK, 2548 Folsom st. -
VALUABLE CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
T lands for sale on easy terms.
IU W 111 ACRES; RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
-IYJYJv/ adadel Pinole: 12 miles east of Berkeley,
near narrow-gauge railroad.
1 '-^OO -ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL .L.AND
XO\J\J adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco. ••-. ■>■. -•<•*
Oil A ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
OMKJ adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
SAN RAFAEL AND ROSS VALLEY— "
Land for sale or exchange by J. TUNSTEAD,
San Rafael, Cal.
ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San F'ranclsco- y-ryy
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cnt any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; 940 to 975 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
end 66 Chronicle building.
ARM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
J sizes. Improved and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda < 'ouuty. Inquire of _. SAL_,
Centreville
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improve,,
with small bouse, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st,. &F.
END FOR OUR LIST OS" ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. YV POSTER _ WHITTON. San Josa
<& 7 X AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
«3)I-J land : easy terms.
ffl?'_>X per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
«_} OO Pleasanton, Alameda Co. ; terms to suit; also
afew Improved cozy country homes near by; 5 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms; will ex-
change. LEE & RISER, 306 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
NYAMOUNT: ' IST, 2D or^ 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLG AN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
/ AKLAND LOANS ON FIRST MORTGAGES
\J on improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of interest. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. .:.- ;.'■ ■ ■
VI ONE LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
_>1 other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
11 06 Market St.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
BIG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 CENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
DVANCE on life insurance, LEGA-
cies, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 6.
ORTGAGES, LOANS ON COLLATERA IS;
low rates. Sylvain Saloman & C 0. ,328 Montgy
IST & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
itntes slowest rales; no .MURPHY.62B MrkU
DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JEWELRY. ETO
Columbia Loan <fe Collateral Office. 9 ('rant aye.
_'_[' _'__'_ PAWNBROKERS. ''_ . . "~*
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates: pri*
vate rooms; elevator: pledges for sal i cheap.
MONEY WANTED. j
-i'^nrT'oN' NEW 5-ROOM HOUSE; LOT
«_) * UU. 100x155; 225 feet from San Pabloave.;
interest 8 per cent. Also $3600 on improved prop-
erty, 120x250, on San Pablo aye.: interest 10 per
cent, and other loans from 9200 to 9100,000, at 8
and 10 per cent on gilt-edge security;, no expense
to lender. Apply to A. L. WILLED , Golden Gate,
Alameda County, Cal. - . ■
LOAN-91000, CONTRA COSTA; NO. 1 BE-
curlty. L. W., box 48, Call.
FINANCIAL.
ftl AH AAO "TO UM- OH I_FE~INSUbT.
.«Jp-LUU UU" ance policies; bankbooks bought;
aso Cripple 1 Creek mining stocks. JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ. room 9, 330 Pine St.
STORAGE.
T"^hTr^ONEYV722IIISs7oN— STORAGE AT
• reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
"T B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN _ CO.. 751 and 753 Market st.
APPLY FOR BATES FOR STORING FURNl-
tnre, etc. SHIREK & BHIREK, 747 Market.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS, HOUSE-
hoId goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE. 786 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
, »» Storage; low rates; telephone South 762.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOME, LARGE GROUNDS, IN
fruitvale: genuine bargain-, easy terms: don't
fail to see this. LODGI. _ POYVELL, Fruitvale
station.
')9^o I HIS IS A BARGAIN; HOUSE OF
-*-0 6 rooms, with or without furniture:
burn, a C_lcken-ben.es, 100 chickens: artesian
well, windmill and tank; fruit trees and shrub-
bery ; horse, harness and phaeton. For terms see
owner at Fruitvale Land Co.'s. Fruitvale station.
T OOK! $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS 7
r T J"UPi'? rest: near local trains and electric cars."
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
LOR BALE OR RENT- A EST - CLASS
J summer resort; house of 11 rooms; Dar, beauti-
ful garden and stable: opposite the railroad depot
and near the Oakland Trotting Park: a good
chance for a live man; terms easy. Apply H.
B ROCKELMANN, Golden Gate station, Alameda
County.
0 EXCHANGE— 6-ROOM MODERN COT"
tage in Oakland $4000, clear, for small im-
proved ranch. J. H. EDSON, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land. ■'-,'•--._•■•
IP OR SALE OR EX-'HANGE - OAKLAND
house and lot, 57x105. on electric line, for city
property. Apply at 1431 Bush st. v
HOUSE AN BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco; 18 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, F'ruitvale sta-
tion .
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
©Qfc SIX MONTHS OR MORE; FURNISH-
tfptJ«J. Ed modern 6-room cottage; sunny cor-
ner: 2 -locks to train. 1003 Fifth aye., East Oak-
land. ■ .
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. ~
OU'SElfEE'pTNt'rit^Ml^F 'KMsIIKDOR
unfurnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
1229 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
dfc£ff'"EUßxrr^^ 4£o o_3. _,»-__&_.
<**rP-.). HAAS'. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
T^OR SALE. ~~~-~
$2.00— 550 cash ; $22 50 monthly; 5 rooms and
bath: new colonial cottage.
$2800— No cash: $25 monthly; 35x100; corner
house: 6 rooms and bat'i.
$3000-$5O cash; $30 monthly: 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath: handsome new cottage.
$3500-$2OO cash; $31) monthly; 33x150: 6
rooms and bath; elegaut cottage on principal
driveway.
$3500-$ lOO cash: $35 monthly; 33x100; 7
rooms and bath ; handsome colonial cottage.
HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on improved
streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections perlect.
TO LET.
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms In rear and flats above if desired: rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets. .. ,
CPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
MARCUSE <$- REM MEL. Bar-st station, Ala-
meda, and 028 Market st., S. F.
$2000 4 ' ROOM COTTAGE ;_sso CASH. $20
$2300— 5- room cottage: $300 cash, $25 a month.
$2760— 5-room cottage; $250 cash. $25 a m nth.
$3000—6 room house: $.00 cash, $25 a month.
$4000— 7-room house; $800 cash, $25 a month.
All modern bouses, on improved streets, and
convenient to trains; have also a few magnilicent
homes at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A.LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park
St., Alameda.
V-EYV COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
AY rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park st.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa- lor enam-
eled In old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout; beautiful
brick mantel In dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
sure if you wish to buy it will suit yon. GEORGE
B. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
RA RE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$150 cash; balance on easy moutblv payments to
suit. Address A. R. DEN KE, real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh st., Alameda.
OOK-$350 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda, on installments: fine
location. H. B. ITNNEY. 902 liroadway, Oakland.
TO LET HANDSOME COTTAGE, COM
pletely furnished, elegant and extensive
grounds, for 1 year or more. -80 per month: also
I fine 2-story house- of 9 rooms, handsomely fur-
nished, for 1 year or more, $75 per month.
F'orsale— A fine 8-room cottage; cost of building
alone $6500, with lot 65x146: $5600 will take the
property: don't fall to see it. THOMAS A. SMITH,
1601 Park st., Alameda (broad-gauge depot).
•ft 1 00 TO $260 DOWN, 526 MONTHLY : NEW
*JP 1 V".6 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, sci: 001. etc ; with large
lot: $2400 to $3000; send for illustrated book of j
Aiaraeda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1600
Park st- Alameda.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
YVEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. ' ■ ■ - -
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
'-.997 f;nci.n'al A\'F:.— 2-STORY HOUSE;
'J— lA I 5 rooms and bath ; modern improve-
nients; Hlgh-st. station: 815.
ALAMEDA ROOMS TO LET.
ALAMEDA— 3 NICE SUNNY ROOMS: FUR-
-i*. nished for housekeeping: separate bathroom
and toilet; High-street station; 3219 Briggs aye
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
r\ homes for RENT OR~FORBALE ON
\X easy terms. O. G. MAY' &CO.. real estate and
building. 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
A LOTS 4 BLOCKS FROM DYVIGHT - YVA V
_ station, Berkeley; worth $2000, for $1000;
half cash. II.BRICK, 2548 Folsom st.
4 17*; LOT IN CENTRAL BERKELEY;
fflllWi 25x135; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$100— Large lot in East Berkeley; 102x150;
cheap; and yet another, Ja fine corner, 60x111,
only $350. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley station.
*1 I ""-.A J-OOK! LOOK! — ONLY $1160; A
100, nice home; lot 60x135: Si-roomed
house; good and nearly new; well located; near
station. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin, Berkeley.
JOS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
surance agent, Berkeley station.
OR SALE— TYVO MODERN HOUSES, JUST
completed; 7 and 8 rooms: porcelain baths;
large lots; in choice part of town; easy terms.
A few choice comer lots south of University;
cheap to close an estate.
270x120: 5 blocks from the University: near
foothills; at half-price. M. L W CRTS, opposite
Dwight-way station, Berkeley, Cal.
H F*APF'ST~ANI> BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J Y\ _EKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
Mte free. ■
BERKELEY ROOMS.
ATTRACTIVE " SUNNY *_O^OMS WITn
board: first and second floors: sineleoren suite;
private; central; reasonable. 2324 Channingway.
A DJOINING UNIVERSITY GROUNDS —
x\_ -Large newly furnished rooms: electric lights;
first-class board : between two lines electric-cars;
private dining-room for family if desired. 2214
Union st. '
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
C/Y VACANT "IOTsT~PRIcFs~FROM '
O\J -150 t0..... $4,000
20 houses and lots, from $1250 to 10,000
50 ranches: all sizes; from $100 10. 30,000
20 houses; Oakland, Alameda; $1000 t0... 8,000
100 business piaces; all kinds: from $50 to 4.000
26 lodging-houses and hotels: from $200 to 3,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? .
I SELL AND EXCHANGE 1 .
All kinds of property. : — — ! —
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property— House of _ flats. 6 and 4
rooms; bath and storeroom to each; finished base-
ment: beautiful garden: stone walks, etc; at a
treat bargain; owner leaving town. 615 Finest.,
San Francisco, or 1506 Market St., Oakland.
fit 90 ■ 000 UP TO $100,000 "best MAKE
*IP-jKJ.\J\J\J and practical bicycles and carriages;
will exchange for good California property with a
third cash or good security. See E. E. BUNCE,
Land Agent, 1008 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ILL EXCHANGE HANDSOME HOME IN
Alameda for improved or well-located vacant
lot In S. F. j I. N. PATTISON, 19 Montgomery st.
I 9fto ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 ____ water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16.Ca1l
ATTORNEY'S- AT-LAW. ~
M~~bL~N-LENb*bATnSRI^ 719
. Market st. ; advice free. |
DVICE FREE— DIY'ORCE LAWS A SPECI-
alty ; private; jno charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at*
tended to. G. W. HoYVE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
TJ. MURRAY. ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law; advice free. .24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
\\r YV. DAVIDSON,ATTORNEY'-A F-LAW; 420
*' . California St., rooms 14 and 15; advice free.
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION
C^N TINENTA L^BUILDIN "g^~SPI^Oa^AH.
sociation— Home office, 222 Sansome St., 8. F.
General savings & loan business. Ed. E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eldr dge. V-Pr.: W. Corbln, Sec. _ Gen.Man.
: SEWING MACHINES.
A" LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED.'
rented, repaired lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
GONTERMAN— In this city. April 13, 1896, to
the wife of James C. Gonterfnan. adaughter.
DIED.
Armstrong, Percy L. Gilmore. John J.
Baker, Henry Hatch, Harriet
Barr. Frankie J. Haeler, Oswald
Baughman. Charles P. Haugner, Oliver
Bonner, Ryoert Haw, David
Brackett, Ada L. • - - - Haves, John
Carpenter. William C. Jones, John E.
Condon, Mary J. Kelih. Samuel D.
Cottle, Franklin D. Kennedy, Bridget '
Cowperthwalte, Mrs. A McY'ay, Charles
Daw, John C. Mullee. James .1.
Donohue, John F. Perkins, Franklin
Donlon, Annie Rademacher, Edward
, Eaton, Frank G. Roberts. John C.
Egan. John Ruperich, Maud I.
Fleming. David J. Sackrider, Louisa
Gallagher, Ellen Sequelra, Christina
Garbutt, Augusta Smith, Godfrey
Smith, Catherine
ARMSTRONG— In San Jose, April 9. 1896, Percy
' L.- Armstrong, a native of New York, aged 26
years.
BAKER— In the City and County Hospital, April
11. 1896, Henry Baker, aged 56 years.
BARR— In this city, April 12, 1896, Frankie J.
v .Barr, youngest son. of Frank YV. and Lulu G.
Rarr. a native of San Francisco, aged 7 months
and 22 days. -- .
BAUGHMAN— In thlscity April 12. 1898, Charles
Phillip, infant son of C. P. and Marie A. Baugh-
man, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month
and 24 days.
«_-The funeral will take place TO-MORROYV
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, V Belvedere street, near
Waller. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BONNER-In this city. April 12. 1898, Robert
Bonner, beloved son of Annrew and Marthanna
Bonner, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 16
years and 10 months.
-tlfFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 12 Stockton place. Interment I. o.
O. F. Cemetery.
BRACKETT— In this City, April 8, 1896, Ada L.
de Pue Brackett.
CA RPF*NTER-In Oakland. April 10. 1896. Wil-
liam C. Carpenter, a native of Baltimore, aged 72
years 8 months and 7 days.
CONDON— In this city, April- 11, 1896, Mary J.,
beloved wife of J. P. Condon, and mother of
Mrs. L. Toaaperu. Mrs. E. Hatch, Mrs. James
Packer. Mrs. Kate • Hall, Mrs. Fanny Field and
Mrs. Alice Conner, a native of Ireland, a-jed 68
years.
_9*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from her late resi-
dence In Fltchburg. on the- San Leandro road.
Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery. .
COTTLE— In this city, April 10, 1896, at his
residence, 2 146* Market street, opposite Guer-
rero, Franklin D.. beloved husband of Hepsa
Cottle, and father of Mrs. J. J. Evans, a native
' of Vineyard Haven, Mass.. aged 77 years and 7
months.
flftT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence. 2146V 2 Market street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 3:40 o'clock p. St.
train from Valencia-street depot.
COYVPERTHWAITE-In thiscltv. April 11,1898,
Mrs. Ann S. Cowperthwalte, widow of William
Cowperthwalte. and beloved mother of -John.
William and the late Robert Cowperthwalte,
and Mrs. Samuel J. ' Fisher, a native of Perth-
shire, Scotland, aged 68 years and 11 months.
-{-""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited . to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., at
her late residence, 21 Pearl street, thence by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets at 11 o'clock a. _. Interment Cy-
. press Lawn Cemetery.
DAYV— In Oakland, April 12, 1896, John C. Daw,
father of James M.. Mary and William Daw,
a native of Dundalk, County Louth, Ireland,
aged 60 years and 8 months.
t'tTA solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul TO-MORROW (Tues-
day), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., at St. Patrick's
Church, YVeat Oakland. Interment private. No
flowers.
DONLON— In this city. Annie, beloved daughter
of Michael and Margaret Donlon, aged 5 months
and 23 days.
DONOHUE-In this city, April 11, 1898, John F.,
beloved son of Thomas and Rose Donohue, and
brother of Thomas, James, Francis. Sarah and
George Donohue and Mrs. F. J. O'Neill, a native
of San Francisco, aged 28 years. [Seattle
(Wash.) papers please copy.* ■
j__TThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. it., from bis late resi-
dence. 425 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where asolemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of bis soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Croß3
Cemetery. '-.-". - •:
EGAN — In this city, April 12, John, beloved
husband of Bridget, and father of William J.,
David C, Daniel V., John S., Thomas F., Eliza-
beth B. and the late James J., and brother of
YVilliam and Daniel Egan, a native of Shannsv
golden, County Limerick. lreland, aged 68 years
4 months and 11 days. ;., ,'
FLEMING— In this city, April 10, 1896, David J.
Fleming, a native of Massachusetts, aged 22
years. - - " •■* ■— *- _-- '•—
GALLAGHER- There will be an anniversary
requiem high mass celebrated at St. Brendan's
Church TO-MORROW (Tuesday), commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m., for the repose of the soul of the
late Ellen Gallagher. Friends and acquaintances
are respectfully requested to attend.
GARBUTT— In this city. April 10,1898, Augusta
Garbutt, a native of New York, aged 49 years.
GILMORE— this city, April 11. 1898, John J.,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Gilmore, and
brother of Peter. Michael and P. F. Bird, a native
of Galway. Ireland.
H_f"Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, 130 Richland avenue, off Mission road,
thence to old St. Mary's College Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. k.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. U. YV.— Officers and members of Harmony
lodge No. 9, A. O. U. YV. : You are cordially in-
vited to attend the funeral of our late Foreman.
Brother J. J. Gilmore, TO-MORROYV (Tuesday),
at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from bis late residence, 130
Richland avenue, off Mission street.
M. CRANE, M. YV.
L. Johnson', Recorder.
HATCH— In the City ana Conntv Hosnttal, April
12, 1896, Harriet Hatch, aged 59 years. '
HAGLER— In this city, April 12, 1896, Oswald
Hagler, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years
6 months and 6 days.
HAW— In Vallejo, Cal., April 11. 1896, David
Haw, a native of Ireland, aged 57 years.
HAUGNER— In this city, April 9, 1896. Oliver
Haugner. a native of America, aged 23 years.
HAVES— In Los Angeles, April 9. 189-, John,
beloved son of John and Catherine Hayes, and
brother of Timothy A. and Thomas F. Hayes
and Mrs. Teresa Ruben and Mrs. Mary Rich of
Spokane Falls, Mrs. Y'lrgile Tojetti and. Mrs.
Frank Enrico of New York, a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years, Oakland papers please
copy. ] .
_*_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street, tbence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of bis
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Inter-
• ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JONES— this City, April. 10, 1898, John E.
Jones of Nevada, aged 55 years.
KEITH— In ihisclty, April 11, 1896, Samuel D.
Keith, late of Alamos, Mexico, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged 67 years.
-QTFuneral services will be held THIS DAY
(Monday) at 11 o'clock a. __. at the residence
of his son, S. F. Keith, 1030 Twentieth street,
tbence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. April 10, 1893, Bridget
Kennedy, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
McVAY— In the City and County Hospital,
April 11, 1896, Charles McVay aged 65 years.
MULLEE— In this city, April 11, 1896. James J.,
beloved husband of i Ann Mullee, and father of
Mrs. G. Elliott, Mrs. A. Grant and Delia Mary,
Thomas F. and James H. Mullee, a native of
County Galway, Ireland. \y-. •
4_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 167 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Branuan street, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for . the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
PERKINS— In thlscity. April 11. 1896, Franklin
- Perkins, a native of North Carolina, aged 78
years 9 months and 15 days.
Jt_f-Tbe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10:16 o'clock a. v., from 1415
Jones street.
RADEMACHER-In this city, April 11. 1896.
Edward Rademacher, a native of Germany,
aged Mi years 8 months and 21 days.
ROBERTS— An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral THIS DAT
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. it., for the repose of
the soul of the late John C. Roberts. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend. .-■ ''yy'C'v'y. r'-^y ■= ■. "^"'
RUPERICH— In' Sacramento, April 11, 1896,
Maud Isabelle, wife of George Ruperich, and
sister of Mrs. George YV. Elder, Mrs. P. YVick-
man, Mrs. Joseph Blackley and Albert, John
. and Harry Geils, aged 20 years and 2 months.
SACKRIDEB— In Oakland, April 10, 1896. Louisa
Sackrider, a native of Canada, aged 71 years 2
months and 25 days.
SEQUEIRA— In Berkeley," April 10. 1898. Chris-
. Tina McLeod Sequelra, a native of Scotland, aged
48 years and 11 months. .yy..yy-yy ,
SMITH— In Oakland, April 12, 1896, Catherine
Smith (nee Brown), a native of Ohio, aged 55
• years.
SMITH— this city, April 11, 1896, Godfrey
> Smith, a native or Ohio, aged 66 years.
A. O. U. YV.— Yerba Buena Lodge No. 14, A. O.
•U. YV. : Members are hereby notified to meet
at the lodgeroom, O. C. F. Hall, Alcazar build-
ing, TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.,
to attend the funeral of our late brother, Frank
G. Eaton. A. WIG MORE. Master Workman.
Fked B. Wood. Recorder. .
1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I '
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
NIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & IMBALMEBS, I
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. 1
Tlsahone 8080. I
1314
GOLD AND COAL
IN FAR ALASKA
Wondrous Mineral Wealth
of the Cooks Inlet
Country
RICH PLACER DIGGINGS.
Turnagain Bay the Mecca of
the Fortune-Seekers This
Season.
VAST COAL FIELDS LOCATED.
Big Veins in Sight Over an Area of
Twenty - Five Thousand
Square Miles.
Gold-seekers and coal-miners to the
number of ninety or more left this City
direct for the newly heralded placer dig
gings and coal fields of Alaska Friday.
They sailed on the bark Theobald, char
tered by the North Pacific Mining and
Transportation Company, and will be car
ried almost direct to their ultimate destina
tion—Turnagain Bay ana Coal Bay, arms
of Cooks Inlet.
On the Theobald also went Freeman
H. Curtis, the superintendent of the com
pany named and -who was recently ap
pointed Postmaster at Seward, Coal Bay,
Cooks Inlet, Alaska, the most remote post
office of the United States. Mr. Curtis is
an expert mining engineer and was for
eighteen months continuously located at
the coal mines of the company, which are
but 100 miles from the placer gold dig
gings on Turnagain Bay, recently brought
to prominently to the attention of the
people of the coast and for which section
numerous vessels are now fitting out at
Biuret Sound and other ports. .
While Mr. Curtis is more familiar with
the coal fields and their prospects his resi
dence, so close to the gold mines, has ena
bled him to secure much interesting and
valuable information relative to them. He
stated in the course of an interview that
the placers were not as popularly be- j
lieved, located on Cook's Inlet proper, but
ou an arm of that body of water, formerly
known as Resurrection Bay, but now
called Turnagain Bay. Into this there
run numerous creeks, and it is near the
mouths of these that the gold is lound in
the largest quantities.
This region is glacial and the gold, it is
claimed, is brouputdown with the detritus
gathered by the slowly moving fields of
ice in their course from the mountain tops,
which are known to be rich in gold-bear
ing quartz. There are also innumerable
gulches and gullies in this vicinity and
these afford profitable work for the pros
pector.
All the creeks, according to Mr. Curtis,
carry both coarse and fine gold in large
quantities. Last season, he said, there
were about 200 met) there, who took out
from $500 to $15,000 per man. Of this
number eighty-four wintered there and
sent representatives down to Puget Sound
and San Francisco for additional supplies.
It is expected that there will be not less
than 2000 there this year. Many who con
templated going to the Yukon country
have changed their plans and will head
for Turnagain Bay.
It is not asserted that the Turnagain Bay
placers are any richer than those of the
Yukon, but the greater attraction to
Turnagain Bay lies in the fact that it is
possible to carry on o_erations there for
about five months in the year, while in
the Yukon country the open period ranges
from six weeks to two months only. In
Turnaeain Bay the ice begins to move
about the Ist of May or shortly thereafter,
Map Showing the Gold and Coal .Mines on Cooks Inlet. The Blackened Portion at
the Point Between Cooks Inlet and Kachemak Bay Shows the Location of the
Vast Coal Beds.
and the Theobald will therefore land her
passengers there just about when the
teason opens, as the voyage is expected to
take about twenty-five" days. The _old
seekers will be carried to Coal Bay. the
site of the North Pacific Mining and Trans
portation Company's works, by the Theo
bald, and thence _______ by the company's
steam launch up Cooks Inlet to the en
trance to Turnagain Bay.
Mr. Curtis is most enthusiastic regard
ing the climate and natural resources of
this whole section of Alaska. Speaking
thereof he said :
"That section of territory is as promising
a field for investment as any in this little
known , possession of the "United States.
It is a disappointing place so far as climate
is concerned, for it is in what is known as
the warm belt of Alaska, and the charac
teristics of its seasons are very similar to
those of places in 40 degrees north latitude
in this country.
'Both gold and coal have been known to
be there for some time, but it is only with
in the past two or three years that any
particular attention has been paid to de
veloping those interests. The coal pros
pects give great promise, because of both
the quality and quantity of the veins. The
supply is virtually inexhaustible. It is of
the Scotch splint and English cannel
Highest of all in Leavening Power. Latest U. S. Gov't Report
RoV&i taking
___^ w jj^g^a |rOW(_l©_L
AE"_>©l.-.TE_,Y_ PURE
Daniel Defoe Jr., a Remote Descendant of the Famous Novelist, Who Says He Does Not Care Much for
*** Robinson Crusoe."
variety, being suitable for all domestic pur
poses and also for all kinds of stationary
engines, including marine.
"There is sure to be increasing develop
ment in the coalfields on Katcbemak Bay
from now on. There are about 2500 square
miles of them and all extremely rich. As
an example, there are at least 100 veins in
sight within fifteen miles.
"Our company has about eight miles
frontage on Coal Bay, and an area com
prising 4000 acres. We have taken out but
little coal up to the present time, as most
of our work has been confined to develop
ing the mines. We have been at work now
for about two years, have expended about
"0,000. and have had an average of fifty
men employed. The operations being car
ried on mostly underground, we have
been able to keep the men at work through
out the year.
"Now in the matter of climate. This is
a region that is influenced by the Japan
current. The average temperature during
December, January, February and March
last was 30 degrees above zero. The mini
mum during the winter was 18 below zero,
while the average during the summer was
55 above.
"We have brought two cargoes of coal
down here and found no difficulty in dis
posing of them. The product was found
highly satisfactory and we anticipate no
trouble in marketing all that we get out.
No attempt has been made to create a mar
ket for our coal, as we will not take it out
in large quantities until our plant is thor
oughly in shape and "the work of develop
ment well under, way. This will soon be
the case. In Alaska alone there are about
40,000 tons of coal consumed annually.
The Government uses about 15,000 tons,
the canneries about 20,000, and about an
other 5000 tons are needed for domestic
and other minor purposes. This coal now
goes there from here and from the Sound
ports. That we will he able to control the
market fer the kind of coal we will have to
offer I am sure, for this coal is now selling
for $8 a ton. and we can afford to sell our
product for $4 a ton and make a fair
profit."
According to the opinion of George R.
Tuttle, a? the result of investigations
made in this region as an expert mining
engineer.it is the poor man's! land. It
abounds in all kinds of game and the
waters are tilled with fish of all kinds, in
cluding mussels and other edible shellfish.
The climate, he declared with enthusiasm,
was one of the most remarkable he had
ever enjoyed. The amount of hard work
he was able to perform without serious fa
tigue was simply wonderful. There was a
bracing quality to; the atmosphere that
made existence a joy. '... 
Snakes are believed not to hear well.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. APRIL 13, 1896.
TWO IN AN OPEN BOAT.
Perilous Trip of the Sloop Mack
All the Way From San
Luis Obispo.
SOME VERY NARROW ESCAPES.
An Encounter With the Gale That
Wrecked the Elairmore Off
Pigeon Point.
R. 8. Eaton and C. Church, two young
men from Morro, a little town a few miles
north of San Luis Obispo, have just fin
ished a noteworthy and very perilous feat
in navigation.
In a twenty-foot sloop, only three feet
deep, but illy fitted up for even small
cruises in the bay, these adventurous
young men sailed from San Luis Obispo to
San Francisco, arriving here yesterday
alter a series of perilous and exciting ad
ventures.
The purpose of this 200 miles voyage by
sea, in what is practically an open boat,
was to gain neither notoriety nor a wager.
Church, the older of the two, is a married
man with three children. He - had met
with reverses at home; work and money
alike were scarce, so he set out to seek —
not his fortune, at least a living— in the
new gold fields of Alaska. j He, expects to
do boating for hire in the northern waters,
and perhaps some prospecting on the side.
| Lacking the necessary funds with which
to purchase a boat, and being a good me
chanic, he built the present craft at Morro
and sailed her to this port, where she will
be shipped to Alaska on the steamer Al
bion, which sails Thursday. {yr;y*
His companion came along simply. to
help him out on the trip, and will return
home by the next steamer. ,bbb"b
The boat, which is named the Mack,
is 20 feet overall, 18 feet on the water
6 feet beam, 3 feet deep and is fitted with a
steel cehterboard 4 feet high and 5 feet
Jong. —b ;; ;b. ; -.
, She is stanchly built, her entire frame
being of -oak, and her only upper works
consists of a curbing 10 inches high, which
i extends from a few feet , forward nearly
aft, making her practically. an open boat.
For ballast she carries pig iron placed.be
neath the floor. '' ' '.
. Her spread of canvas is as follows:
Boom \§y_ feet, hoist 12 feet, gaff 8 feet and
a small working jib.
: What makes the trip a'l the more re
markable is the fact that the boat bad no
sooner taken her initial dip into the water
from ' the stocks than the mast was
stepped, sails bent, provisions stored and
the men - were off on their risky trip.
They rowed a mile out from land, when
sail was hoisted for the first time. They
had yet to learn how she would act under
her spread of canvas and whether : she
was tight or leaky, but they adjusted their
compass, got the charts out and were
ready to meet the worst— which was not
long in coming.
The first day out they encountered a
stiff northwester that tossed the little
boat about like a feather in the wind, but
she managed to maintain her equilibrum,
and, as the. storm became more boister
ous, they squared away and made for port
San Simeon, which they reached in safety.
They made no more stop 3 after leaving
San Simeon until they reached Monterey
Bay, where .they put in and replenished
their stock of provisions.
After leaving Monterey Bay • their trou
bles began afresh and wore enough to quail
the nerve of the bravest.
While scudding along under full sail, to
a stiff breeze, the throw halyard "carried
away and the mainsail became useless.
To remedy this it was necessary to climb
the slender mast and reef a ; new rope
through the block. ;'*'
While one of ; the men was aloft fixing
the tackle a heavy swell- struck the side of
the boat, and, the mail's weight on the
mast caused the craft to careen over until
she became almost filled with water.
The sua was sluJiitu; in t_ie horizon and
in the distance were the outlines of a
steamer bearing down on them.
They had no lanterns aboard to signal
to the vessel, and their sail was out of
order. Darkness was rapidly approaching
and the lights of the steamer kept getting
nearer and nearer.
They whipped out their oars and com
i menced rowing for dear life to get out of
the course of the steamer, but they were
badly handicapped by their boat beinc full
of water, and when the steamer passed
them she was not more than 200 feet
awnv. y'yy ',' «
"It was a close shave," said Eaton, in
speaking of the trip yesterday, "but we
were placed in a still more perilous posi
tion later on.
"When off Pigeon Point we ran into the
storm that sunk the Blairmore in the bay.
"We had only the jib set, and a 200- pound
rock attached to a long rope was payed
j out to keep the boat up to the wind. It
was very squally and the waves were as
big as mountains and seemed to be com
ng in three or four different directions.
"They kept continually breaking over the
boat, and our bedding and ourselves were
■ soaking wet. The boat was rapidly filling.
Then all of a sudden three huge waves,
each coming in a different. direction, met
underneath the boat and fairly raised it
out of the water. She dropped ' with a
thud down between two waves, but owing
to the centerboard she still maintained her
upright position'
"It was a trying ordeal, but we both kept
our heads, and by careful maneuvering
we came through in safety. .
"No. neither of us ever sailed along the
coast before. We steered by our compass,
and got our bearings by comparing our
charts with places on land in the daytime,
and at night we could tell where we were
by the lighthouses along the coast. It was
my first trip to sea, but Church is quite a
navigator, having sailed on the lakes and
around San Luis Obispo. We cooked on
an oil-stove, and one handled the boat
while the other slept. . * \ .
""We were five days in making the trip,
"and in the daytime kept close inshore and
at night we steered well off to be out of
reach of any snags.
, "All the way up it was exceedingly cold,
and at times we became so benumbed that
we couldn't pull on a rone."
The little boat is now lying in the placid
waters of Mission Bay, and resembles very
much a small fishing-boat. ' :.■;."■
Company C Holds a Wake.
Company C, League of the Cross Cadets, held
a wake last night in the armcry at 155 New
Montgomery street, over a dummy corpse,
bearing the inscription, "Company C, died
April 10. 11 p. m., ot Judge's decision on the
brain." This company had held. the champion
ship for the competitive drill since 1895, and
feels disappointed over losing it to Company G
at the Mechanics' Pavilion last Wednesday
night. ■ ,
The Sloop Mack, Which Reached This Port Yesterday After a Perilous Trip From
San Luis Obispo, and the Men Who Manned ller.
[Sketched from life by a ''Call artist.]
THE ARRIVAL OF
DANIEL DEFOE JR.
He Is the Great Great Great
Grandson of the
Novelist.
A SAILOR APPRENTICE.
The Last of Four Brothers, All
of Whom Were Given the
Same Name.
DOESN'T LIKE ROBINSON CRUSOE
Has Read the Famous Bock Once, but
Prefers Those of Captain
Marryttt.
Those who have threaded the delightful
pages of "Robinson Crusoe" and read the
despairing lines of Alexander Selkirk, the
monarch of his sea-girt isle, will hear with
interest that a great-great-great-grandson
of Daniel Defoe is here. His name is
Daniel Defoe. He is an apprentice-boy on
board the British ship Bass Rock, which
arrived in this port last Tuesday.
The young sailor is 20 years of age and
the last scion of the family whose name
was made illustrious by the great political
writer and novelist. ' So anxious was his
father, who was also christened Daniel, to
perpetuate the name that the oldest son
was given it. Nor did the effort stop at
that, for the second boy was called Daniel
Defoe Defoe. And still the name went on,
for the third son was christened Daniel
Defoe.
The spectacle of three living brothers
bearing almost the same name was a re
markable one. However, they died in
their early childhood and the family title
was again in jeopardy, as the remaining
three children were girls. In their old age
a fourth son was born to the Defoes, and
he was given the name of his great-great
grandfather, of his father and of his dead
brothers.
Daniel Defoe — many times — Jr., being
left an orphan at an early age, was ed
ucated at the celebrated "Bluecoat School"
at Christ's Hospital, London. He re-
I ceived the warrant of an apprentice in the
I merchant service and visited this port in
the British ship Prior Hill in 1890. During
his five or six years of sea life young Defoe
has been in many parts of the world and
has become personally known to the read
ers of his celebrated ancestor wherever the
j English language is spoken.
".The press both in England and abroad
have written me up pretty thoroughly,"
| said he in an interview yesterday. "A
j year or two ago, when I came home, I saw
j I on London Bridge a big handbill stating
that Daniel Defoe, the grandson of the
great novelist, like Robinson Crusoe, had
returned from foreign lands and would
appear in some entertainment. Some
shrewd fellow was evidently faking my
name for his show.
"I once visited San Juan Fernandez
island and while ashore on that almost
barren place tried to understand what my
great-great-great-grand-dad found in Alex
ander Selkirk's ( adventures to inspire the
Robinson Crusoe yarn. I read the book
once and I can't say that I admired it
much. No, that novel didn't send me to
] sea." Captain Marryatt did that for me.
His characters are much more to -my taste
than 'Man Friday' and the goats and par
rots of my relative'
"Chopping out canoes from tree-trunks
and raising fields of barley from a few
i seeds is hardly to my . taste. 1 would
j rather read 'Peter Simple.' 'Midshipman
I Easy' and ' Jacob Faithful.' However it
! isn't , quite in good taste and is rather a
j family disloyalty for Defoe Jr. to speak
of Defoe Sr. in this style.''
Young Defoe intends to leave the Bass
Rock and abandon the sea life', as his eye
sight is slightly defective.
He has served his apprenticeship and is
eligible for examination for an officer's
billet in the British mercantile marine,
but is quite sure the Board of Trade be
fore which he must pass will reject him on
the ground of color-blindness.
"I like this country," said he, "and
would like to make my home in the United
States. Possibly I will be able to do so
sometime."
The young fellow Is intelligent and
shows unmistakable evidences of good
birth and breeding. His honesty and sim
( plicity is evinced in his naive confession
that he has only read "Robinson Cruso"
once and doesn't much admire the book.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. Ryan & Ryan, 10 Mongomery avenue, *
Miss Bowes' ' Debut.
Miss Carrie Bowes' will make her first ap
pearance in concert since her return from
Europe at the Auditorium next Thursday
evening. She will be accompanied with an
enlarged orchestra.
'_■'_______■ NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. __I ,^~~~r—
LINENS! . LINENS!
SPECIAL SALE OF 25 CASES I
j-■ - '
German Linens \
Our customers are respectfully informed that we
have just opened an immense shipment of GERMAN
LINENS, consisting of TABLE DAMASKS, TABLE
NAPKINS, TABLE CLOTHS, DINNER SETS, DAMASK
TOWELS, HUCK TOWELS, DOYLIES, HEMSTITCHED
SCARFS, LUNCH SETS, LINEN PILLOW CASES,
LINEN SHEETS, HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS, and
LINEN BREAKFAST SETS. Many of the designs in
these goods are confined exclusively to us, and the goods
will be sold at the lowest prices ever known in San
Francisco.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
In connection with the above sale of Linens we will
offer this week 9 CASES SUPERFINE CALIFORNIA
WHITE BLANKETS, PURE AUSTRALIAN WOOL,
size 74x82,
Price $>_:. oo
""Pair
( _?_ElXj__--IP-E-C<_>_N-___3 3VE____.l_N" QT'7'7 m
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday Tuesday — Wednesday
Butter square 30c
jusc as goou as can be.
Macaroni lb 10c
La Favorita Brand, imported
Macaroni Vermicelli Spaghetti
Italian Paste
regular 15c.
Italian Prunes 3 lbs 25c
regular _lbs 25c
tart.
Seafoam Succotash I2_c
regular 15c
Vegetarian brand almost string-
less tender very nice.
Every item this week a
necessity, every one the best
of its kind. Regular high-
grade foods reduced, for three
days to give you a benefit.
Catalogue free.
432 Pine Telephone Main l
215 Sutter " Main 111
2800 California ** West 101
1075 Clay, Oakland " Main l
•$7-5 ™ 4 ROOMS
%U M %J CONSISTING OF
_=INITUI_._Q
PARLOR.BECROOMJHMOOM, KITCHEN
• EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard SO Cents
Oilcloth. per yard .....85 Cents
Matting, per yard 10 Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces f_,t_s OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed. with Mirror .... "'.•*..» OO
T. BRILLIANT,
41 0 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Catalogue* Mailed free.
C_f* Free Packing aod Delivery across the By.
"THE CLEANER 'TIS, THE COSIER 'TIS.' 1
WHAT IS HOME WITHOUT
_f^ A | V__^"X _T ¥ •"^
SAPOLIO
%jr^.M. •%_/_____ _l\__/
DR. WILBOR'S
EMULSION
OF
PURE COD LIVER OIL
WITH PHOSPHATES
Cures consumption, coughs, colds, asth-
ma, bronchitis, debility, wasting diseases
and all scrofulous humors. Almost as
palatable as cream. It can be taken with
pleasure by delicate persons and children,
who, after using it, become very fond of it.
It assimilates with the food, increases the
flesh and appetite, builds up the nervous
system, restores energy to mind and body,
creates new, rich and pure blood in fact,
rejuvenates the whole system. Flesh,
Nerve, Blood, Brain. This preparation is
far superior to all other preparations of
Cod Liver Oil: it has many imitators, but
no equals. The results following its use are
its best recommendations. Be sure, as yon
value your health, and get the genuine.
Manufactured only by DR. A. B. "WILBOR,
Chemist, Boston, Mass.
VINEYARD FOR SALB
TO GLOBE AN ESTATE.
CORTY ACRES OF SEVENTEEN- YEAR-OLD
1 Vineyard situated one mile south of the
thriving town ot Sebastopol, Sonoma County,
with a full equipped winery of 00,000 gallons
capacity; underground cellar, etc.; winery
surrounded by 1000 acres of vineyards; only
one more winery in the section: must be seen
to be appreciated; terminus of railroad one
mile from the plate. For further particulars
address E. "SCIIIRMER, Bellevue Vineyard,
Sebastopol, Sonoma County. Cat.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL. MIDNIGHT.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PUTT/LIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
law and Notary Public, 638 Market at., oppo-
sue Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1820
Pell sc. Telephone, "Pine" -591.
COSMOPOriITAW
Opposite U. *. Mint, 100 and 10- Fifth st. <*Zn
1 rancisco, Cal — The most, select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and SI 50 _•*•
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms/ -On
and 760 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel!
Look for the coach bearing the name of the <____
mopolitan Hotel. \V_£ FAUEY, Propri.tofc^