VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 45.
MEN AND ARMS
FOR INSURGENTS
Expedition Safely Landed
at Batabano, Near
Havana.
WAS VERY OPPORTUNE.
Gomez and Maceo Hovered in
the Vicinity With Four
Thousand Troops.
AMMUNITION GREATLY NEEDED
Now the Cubans Who Are Fighting for
Freedom Have a Greater Chance
for Success.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 13.— The Pun
will say to-morrow: Intelligence has been
received by a prominent member of the
in revolutionary party in New York
that a party consisting «>f forty men under
the leadership of Alfredo Laborde has
landed at Batabano, on the west coast of
the island within a short distance of
Havana. The party is equippted with 260
Winchester rifles, 100,000 cartridges and
fuleipl >ivef!.
- icoessj i] landing of this expedi
pari larly opportune. Gomez and
are hovering in the vicinity, some
miles away, with upward of 4000
-. Their chief trouble, lack of arms
.:;. munition, will now be partly rem
. The intelligence is considered of
rtance by all the Cubans
■in it has been communicated.
MAillO's FO B ( ■ h It F.FEA TEIi.
In Retreating the lnxurgcnts Fired Many
Bmmm.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. IS.— General
Fratz reports that his command has had
an engagement with .Maceo's force near
Guantajay, twelve miles west of this city.
The insurgents were defeated with heavy
losses in killed and wounded. Before they
retired they set tire to and destroyed
thirty-nine houses.
Maximo Gomez, the rebel commander,
captnn and burned grain on the "West
ern Kaiiroad, between La Sal'ud and
GaorieL He threatened to kiil the train
men for carrying troops. The passengers
were allowed their freedom.
Charles A. Salomon, correspondent of
the New York Journal, who was arrested
here yesterday on the arrival of the
steamer Seneca, has been released. He
embarked to-day on the steamer Saratoga
on his return to New York.
AX A ftliJth.SS TO t'OLIXTEERS.
General Camtpom Snyx Ihry Arr at Ires
rut Scedrd in Havana.
HAVANA, (ri \, Jan. 4 (via Tampa,
fan. 13). Madrid cablegrams of to
• thai ■ Government has given
at a single telegram, and that
reiato> to information concerning the col
.ir>£ the rebels.
Da Kpoca, the ministerial organ, attaches
tniail importance to the invasion of the
province of Havana by the vanguard of
Maceo's army, but it acknowledges that
the- news has created a painful impression
as revealing the daring of the rebels.
The Spanish trans-Atlantic steamer sail
ing from Barcelona on the sth will embark
a regiment of artillery for Cuba.
The following address of Captain-Gen
f-ral Martinez Campos to the volunteers of
Havana was published to-day:
"Your patriotic wish to enter on active
Bervice in the field bas been communi
cated to me. Already several detach
ments of volunteers have left this city to
defend properties on the Migar estates.
Their action demonstrates their en
thusiasm and patriotism. If a case of
:ne necessity arises you will be sent
out on active duty. Meanwhile the city
<.f Havana and its vicinity require a larce
garrison not only for defense but to main
tain the public order.
"To you that commission is confided. If
the rebels continue evading our columns
and propose making a demonstration in
the vicinity of this city, 1 rely on you to
disperse them and drive them back.
"As long as a drop Qf blood circulates in
your veins you will defend the flag of
Spain. If occasion arises I shall lrad you.
I rely on your courage, discipline and
noe in giving a further proof that
yon form part of the army oi Spain."
I \ HORSES TBE STRUGGLE.
JirsoUitton of Sympathy for Cuban* in
Xrtc Yoj-k'fi Legislature.
ALBANY- N. V., Jan. 1.3.— 1n the
Assembly to-night the following resolu
tion, introduced by Mr. "Warner of
Niagara, referring to the Cuban struggle
for liberty, was adopted :
Whbbbas, A condition of civil war exists be
tween the Government of Spain and the Govern
ment proclaimed and for some time maintained
by force ol arms by the people of Cuba; and
When The struggle for independence and
for repubHnun institutions by the Cubans has
awakened in the people of lie United States a
deep sympathy far their cause and a hope that
they may succeed in their momentous contest,
Itesolvcd, LftbeSenata concurs that we par
ticipate in the deep interest which is felt for
the success of the people of Cuba in their ttrug
gle to eatabliah their liberty ana independ
ence.
Resolved, That tbe President and Congress of
the United States be and they are hereby peti
tioned to extend to the insurgents of Cuba a
formal recognition of their rights as belliger
ents.
Resolved, That copies of this resolution be
duly certified and be tent to the President and
the presiding officers of the United States Sen
ate and House of Representatives.
II I liSHII'S FOR THB CUKAXti.
Member* of the Junta llrndy to Contract
for Vcsacls'. '
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jnn. 13.-The
Cuban jM»ta in tins country is very hope
fuJ that Cuba will secure recognition from
tin present Congress, aad with thja end in i
The San Francisco Call.
view is preparing to arrange to send to the
island a fairly strong fleet of vessels to act
as a navy. One of the leaders said last
night:
"Just as soon as we are accorded belliger
ent rights by either this or any other coun
try, tnen we will have a fleet of vessels
fully able to cope with the great majority
of vessels the Spanish now have around
the island of Cuba. Our representatives
at Washington have been very much en
couraged within the past week or ten days,
and we think that recognition is not far
distant.
"With that end in view, the representa
tives of the junta in this and other cities
have been canvassing the owners of vessels
in various parts of this country and Eng
land. We have so far obtained options on
rive vessels, all that are needed. These
options hold good for six months, and we
have paid a small sum on each of them to
hold this option. The remainder of the
money necessary to make these purchases
has boen guaranteed to us by a syndicate
of wealthy capitalists composed of Cubans
and Americans."
SLASHING PASSENGER RATES.
The Rate War Extended Westward Into
What the Roads Consider Dangerous
Ground.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 13.— The pansen
ger officials of the trans-Missouri lines
were exercised to-day by tne spreading of
the Santa Fe-Gulf roads" light over coal
rates in Colorado to the passenger business
to St. Louis. Kansas City and Chicago.
The Gulf road has cm passenger rates over
50 per cent from Denver to Pueblo and
intermediate points, and yesterday began
to sell, through brokers' cut-rate tickets as
far east as Chicago, thus entering the
territory of the "Western Passenger Asso
ciation without consulting the members
of the association. The Santa Fe is the
only through line involved in the freight
trouble, and it has promised not to meet
these passenger cuts at present.
Chairman Caldweli to-day notified the
Rio Grande and Union Pacific roads that
they must desist from selling cut-rate
tickets east from the Missouri River over
the lines of the association companies and
confine their cutting practices to local
Colorado business. They have been fight
ing over Colorado- Utah business, but their
latest move is to cut rates from Denver to
Pueblo, and sell through tickets based on
the unauthorized rates, thus extending
their light to dangerous ground.
JUST A MEAN SWINDLER
Doings of a Sharper Who Was
Written Up as an Agent ot
the Rothschilds.
Cut a Wide Swath at Kansas City
Until It Was Learned That He
Was a Fraud.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 13.— One of
the smoothest confidence men that have
I come to Kansas City for some time regis
tered at the Coates House last Friday after
noon. He signed the name of Laurence
Daly. Anaconda, Mont. He has been in
this city only three days and yet there are
a number of people who are sorry ior hav
ing made his acquaintance.
During his stay he has managed to swin
dle the Metropolitan National Bank out of
$300, with the aid of the indorsement of
John H. McEwen, president of the South
west Miller.-" Dispatch. He also succeeded
in fleecing an old man by the name of Pat
rick Mellody.
Much of the success of Swindler Daly
was due to the long complimentary notice
given him in Saturday's Journal, announc
ing under a scare head that Laurence Daly
was the agent for the Rothschilds, who
were contemplating the purchase of a
large number of Crippie Creek mines; that
Mr. Paly was a prominent miner and a
principal stockholder in the famous Ana
conda mines.
One of the first acquaintances that Daly
made in Kansas City was that of John
Maloney. an insurance man, who made
him a firm and fast friend and introduced
him to Q. W. Bibbens, another insurance
man. Mr. Bibbens had known a man by
the name of Daly in Virginia City, Nev.,
early in the sixties and Mr. Daiy had no
trouble in palming himself off as this same
old acquaintance.
Mr. IJibbens introduced Daly to-day to
Cashier Steam of the Metropolitan Na
tional Bank. Mr. Bibbens and J.H. Mc-
Ewen had just come from the Coates
House, where they had dined sumptuously
as guests of Mr. Daly. McEwen indorsed
a draft on Hoge, Brownlee, Daly & Co.,
bankers of Anaconda, Mont., for $300, and
Cashier Steam cashed it. That was about
the last seen of Mr. Daly.
Suspicion was first directed to Daly when
he came to Secretary Charge's office in^the
Exchange building, and said he desired to
purchase 075,000 shares of the Fuller Min
ing Company's stock, which he said had
been lost trace of, but he thought the stock
was now in the possession of the Barings
of London. Tnere were 1,000,000 shares
of the stock, and he was already
in possession of 25,000 shares of
it, lie said. He would give $1 70
per share for the other shares. He made
this statement to Mr. Charde Saturday
afternoon, and yesterday morning Patrick
Mellody came into Mr. Charde's office
witli a certificate for 10.000 shares of this
same stock, which he had just purchased
from Daly himself, giving only $50 for the
entire amount. This soon developed the
fact that Daly was an impostor, but he had
left town. Pinkertons were employed and
word is received at midnight that Daly
was caught at Sedalia, Mo.
THE FLYER A MONEY-MAKER.
Therefore There Is no Truth in the Story
That the Train Is to Be
Withdrawn.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. IS.— Officials of the
Santa Fe road, from President Ripley
down, were kept busy to-day emphatically
denying the report that the company in
tended to discontinue the California
"riyer," and lengthen the running time to
the old figures because the train was be
ing run at a loss. Not only has there never
been any intention of abandoning the
train, but the officials announce that the
"flyer" has been a money-maker from the
start, and the company would not think
of dropping such a train under, any cir
cumstances during ttje ijeigiit of the Cali- i
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 14, 1896.
A SORRY TEAM AND A HEAVY LOAD FOR A THIRD - TERM RACE.
fornia season. They declare that the pol
icy of President Ripley and his associates
in the new management is to be as liberal
and enterprising as that of the receivers.
"CRAZY HORSE'S" DISCOVERY.
Fatal Experimennt of Bullet-Proof Medicine
Made on the Pawnee Chiefs
Brother.
FERRY, O. T., Jan. 13.— Pawnee Bill,
who has returned from the four bands of
the Pawnee tribe, brings word that the
Indians have all left their farms and
moved into tepees on Black Bear Creek,
and have gone to ghost-dancing and mak
ing medicine.
'•('razy Horse" claimed to have made
medicine that was bullet proof, but when
tried as an experiment on his brotner, in
front of the council of chiefs, the bullet
penetrated his heart and caused instant
death. All of "Crazy Horse's" cattle and
ponies were taken frnm him as a penalty
by the chiefs, and there is talk of the
Federal officers indicting him on the
charge of murder.
COLLIUED JJV THE FOG.
Fatal Wreck of Southern I'acifte Trains
year El I'aso.
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 13.— A collision
occurred on the Southern Pacific six miles
west of El Paso at it o'clock this morning
between a double-header westbound
freight and a construction train. Engi
neer Blanchard, aged 33, of Tucson, of the
construction train engine was Instantly
killed. Engineer Love on the head engine
of the freight train had his leg and wrist
broken and was thrown forty feet. The
other enginemen jumped and saved their
lives. Travel was delayed ten hours.
Three engines were destroyed. The cause
of the accident was a dense fog.
MIXED SCHOOL QUESTION
Stubborn Resistance Made to the
Admission of Negro
Children.
Teachers Protested in Vain Against
Receiving the Unwelcome
Pupils.
PERRY, O. T., Jan. 13.— Perry was ex
cited to-day over the mixed public school
question. Serious trouble has seemed cer
tain on several occasions. Professor J. W.
Augustine denied admittance to colored
children in the High School or other public
school buildings, except those designated
months ago for the exclusive use of colored
children. The exception was George Wash
ington Alexander Webster, a boy of 10
years, in whose name the mandamus pro
ceedings were brought three months ago
and decided in his favor. Professor Augus
tine holds that the decreo of the court ap
plied only to this one boy.
In the High School building 500 white
children and about fifty colored children,
two-thirds of tbe total number in the
town, assembled. A crowd of wnite men
and neeroes was there. White school
boys had large stones in their pockets,
with the intention of using them on the
negroes as they entered the building. It
is said every negro child in the city asked
for admittance. Officers escorted four
colored children into the High School.
Each teacner made a vigorous protest
against receiving them, but the children
were made to sit down.
I\EW DIVORCES GRAXTED.
Applicant* Jtecrlve a Setback From a
yew Judge.
"WICHITA, Kas., Jan. 13.—Consterna
tion reigns in the divorce colony of this
city as the result of the policy inaugurated
by the new Judge of the District Court,
who, in less than four hours' time to-day,
disposed of twenty-two divorce cases,
granting only two out of the entire lot.
People from all parts of the country have
taken up their temporary residence here
for the purpose of obtaining divorces, and
the sweeping denials at the hands of the
new Judpe have convinced them tliat thoir
cases wili share the same fate as those
passed on to-day, hence they are prepar
ing for a general exodus to Oklahoma,
where divorces aje obtained mere easily ,
GRATIFIED OF COURSE
Englishmen to Show Their
Regard for Their Kin
Beyond the Sea.
AN HONORABLE ESCAPE.
London Newspapers Favor a
Peaceful Settlement of the
Controversy,
VENEZUELA MAY BE STUBBOBN.
The Little Republic Feels the Im
portance of Being Backed by
Uncle Sam.
LONDON, Enc, Jan. 13.— Referring to
the request of the American Government
that Great Britain use her good offices in
behalf of the Americans arrested at Johan
nesburg the News will say:
"Whatever may be the result of the re
cent occurrences in the Transvaal, the
Government and the people of the United
States must be gratified that so cordial
and gratifying a response was made to Mr.
Olney's request. It wili be to Englishmen
a source of peculiar pleasure if they can in
any way testify to their regard for their
kin beyond the sea."
The News reiterates the importance of
finding an honorable escape from the Ven
ezuelan difficulty and says:
"If things are allowed to continue as
they are now there may be a war, no mat
ter how many excellent people may bo
horrified at the idea. Lord Balisbury has
never declined to arbitrate. It was upon
the scope, not the principle of reference,
that he ana Venezuela failed to agree.
"We believe that Lord Salisbury has
clearly shown that Venezuela is in the
wrong, but we are not impartial judges.
The stronger the British case the more
eager should Lord Salisbury be to submit
it to o competent court. Surely we are
willing to make a sentimental sacrifice for
the sake of retaining the friendship of the
United States. We expect something
more from Lord Salibury than an argu
mentative victory on paper,"
In its issue to-morrow the Times, refer
ring to the editorial published by the New
York Times on Sunday urging a direct ar
rangement between Great Britain and
Venezuela for the settlement of the dis
pute, which article is supposed to have
been inspired by President Cleveland, will
say it rejoices to see as time has come for
re-election there is evidently a desire to
revert to the plan for reaching a settlement
to which President Cleveland gave his
formal sanction at the very moment his
own policy seemed to render it impracti
cable. It adds:
"What we have now to consider is the
possibility of entering upon such negotia
tions with Venezuela. It is not for Great
Britain to take the initiative. Several
years ago Venezuela broke off diplomatic
relations with Great Britain without any
better reason than a difference of opinion
regarding the boundary. The Foreign
Office cannot, therefore, take any step in
the matter until Venezuela chooses to re
sume negotiations in the ordinary way;
but Great Britain i 3 open to negotiations,
as she has been throughout, on friendly
terms.
"The obstacle, if any exists, has been
created by the belief of the Venezuelans
that they wiJl be supported with al-l the
power of the United States in any de
mands they may make on Great Britain,
and we are sure this is a grotesque mis
take. The obvious course of Venzuela to
adopt is to ask the United States to place
her again in communication with Great
Britain."
The Times concludes by rejoicing over
the request of the United States that Great
l>r uaiu use her good oiligcs iv behalf of
the Americans arrested in the Transvaal
and the British reply thereto.
ItJSAI>Y TOlt SETTTjEMEyT.
Visible .Signs on England* Part for
an Agreement.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 13.— A Herald
special from Washington says:
There are visible signs of a purpose on
the part of Great Britain to come to an un
derstanding with Venezuela on the
boundary dispute independent of the
action of the United States. The
statement published Saturday that
Lord Salisbury was seeking, through
some American power other than the
United States to establish diplomatic rela
tions with Venezuela, is generally be
lieved here. In fact, it has semi-orlicial
confirmation by information received here
in diplomatic quarters. The Chilean
Government, it has been stated, is the
channel through which Great Britain is
worKing to secure an understanding with
Venezuela.
If Lord Salisbury is willine to abandon
that line and to submit all or practically
all of the disputed teriitory to arbitration,
no doubt exists that Venezuela will be
found tractable. But Venezuela will not
enter into any convention even for this
purpose without lirst ascertaining if its
terms are satisfactory to the United States.
As to P2ngland's ability to reach a settle
ment directly with Venezuela there is only
one opinion in Washington. It is that
this can be done only by a concession of
virtually all of the claims set up by Great
Britain. The Venezuelans have time and
again refused to arbitrate on the Schoni
burg line, and it is believed they will
now be more positive than ever in their
refusal.
Sensational articles recently published
to the effect that the British war prepara
tions now going on are not really designed
for the threatened struggle with Germany,
but as an effective measure against Vene
zuela and the United States, are laughed at
in diplomatic and naval circles.
HOYCOTTISG TIM MXGLISU.
In Venezuela an Etnhnrgo la Placed on
JSritiah Concerns.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 13.— News has
been received in this city from Caracas,
Venezuela, that residents of that city are
boycotting English concerns there and also
in La Guayra, Vancia and other Venezu
elan cities.
It is said that a financial house in Cara
cas was chartered by the Government as
the Anglo-Venezuelan Bank, to begin
operations on December 28, 1895, but ow
ing to a failure of the stockholders to have
their full capital on hand at that time an
extension of date of starting business was
asked for.
Ttie directors of the bank notified the
Secretary of the Venezuelan Treasury last
week that the bank was ready to begin
business, and they were told that the char
ter had been annulled. The bank imme
diately made application for a new charter,
and it was refused.
Merchants and tradesmen in the leading
Venezuelan cities are reported to be hav
ing the telephones of the English compa
nies taken out of their stores and offices
and replacing them with American tele
phones.
DIRECT XFAiOTIATIOXH.
Salisbury Trying to Reautne Relation*
WitJi Venezuela.
LONDON, E>g., Jan. 13.— United
Press learns upon good authority that
Lord Salisbury is endeavoring, through a
neutral power, to resume direct negotia
tions with Venezuela. . He proposes the
appointment of a joint commission to de
limit the disputed frontier. If the joint
commission should fail to reach a com
plete agreement the points in dispute to be
referred to a third power.
HKXRT JSOHIUAM'S VIEWS.
Bis Work in Enlightening the Englith
on America's Attitude.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 13.— The Mail
and Express prints the following:
Henry Norman, whose work » as the
special commissioner of the London Chron
icle has done so much to inform the Brit
ish people of the ; attitude of Americans
upon the Venezuelan • boundary dispute
and of the strength of their claim -to inter
pose.the Monroe doctrine to prevent the
despoiling of a weaker nation, is at the
Waldorf Hotel:""'. He will sail for London
on the Majestic on Wednesday. Mr. Nor
man is a keen-eyed, fluent talker, observ
ant man, yet in his thirties, and speaks
modestly of hia work, in this country,
sL* . I '■"' ■ -'•■- iJdkiiK! , ***.•■ •_» "■•*.».
which has done so much to bring about a
better understanding between this Gov
ernment and the British Foreign Office.
"I have no hesitation in saying the
Americans have the best case in the Ven
ezuelan question, 1 ' said Mr. Norman to a
Mail and Express reporter. "Before I left
London to undertake this inquiry it was
manifest that the British people had no
expectation of war. They could not un
derstand the full force oi American pur
pose to assert, ana maintain the Monroe
doctrine, but they could understand that
Lord Salisbury had declined to arbitrate
an international question, and that was
an extent they were not prepared to fol
low him. The notion of a war between
the two great English-speaking nations to
grow out of a question offering ample scope
for arbitration was regarded as unthink
able by nearly every Englishman with
whom I talked before sailing.
'My first impression after my early in
quiries in this country was the stern de
termination of the American people to
sustain President Cleveland in his asser
tion of the Monroe doctrine. I was not
liable to mistake this feeling, for one of the
most useful inspirations of my life was
that which led me to select Harvard Uni
versity for my alma mater. In my four
years there, and since I required an ac
quaintance with Americans and American
thought and purpose, that has often been
highly useful and important in my work.
"After study of the American contention
in the Venezuelan question the conclusion
was irresistible that it was right and that
England was wrong. The facts and data
upon which the judgment were founded
were readily placed at my disposal.
After my investigating work was over I
had occasion to see many American
statesmen with the view of obtaining their
signed opinions upon the general question
of arbitration. I had the merest casual
acquaintance with just one Senator, but the
kindly and hearty way in which eminent
Americans at the Capitol received me was
exceedingly gratifying. They, without
exception, approved of the results of my
work and of the correctness of my view of
the situation.
"Now, as to the newer entanglement
which has superseded the Venezuelan
matter in popular interest, it is important
to note the difference in the way it ha 3
been received by the British people. War,
based upon the refusal to arbitrate, did
not raise patriotism to any appreciable
extent. The threat of a foreign power to
interfere with the treaty rights of the
imperial Government aroused the British
people to stern purpose to defend material
interests at all hazards. The Government
this time is right, and the people are
unanimous in their determination to up
hold it.
"The act of Germany in asking Portugal
to permit the landing of German troops at
Delagoa Bay, with a view to encouraging
the Boers to declare their independence,
comes very near to being an act of war. If
they had obtained permission and acted
upon it, war must immediately have re
sulted. The tension of the situation, then,
is very strained, and war may yet result. It
is inconceivable that any encouragement
should have gone out to Dr. Jameson's mis
guided enterprise from England, although
he may have had enoourgement in South
Africa. Still the British Government is in
no way implicated, although it may be
called upon to pay indemnity.
\ l"Wliat I wish to mark is the distinction
between the way the two principal events
were received by Englishmen. The Ven
ezuelan imbroglio scarcely stirred their
patriotic impulses, while the South African
complications have aroused the nation to
the most vigorous and determined asser
tion of national honor and power."
A.RE IS SO GREAT HASTE.
Member* of the Commission to Proceed
Slowly but Surely.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— The
Venezuelan Boundary Commissioners, who
separated on Saturday to meet at the call
of the president, Justice Brewer, and in
the meantime to consider, independently
of each other, plans for the procedure of the
commission, did not reassemble to-day.
The next meeting will not be held until
the permanent quarters are ready for oc
cupancy, which is expected to be the last
of this week.
Severro Malet-Prevost of New York
made a very favorable impression on the
Commissioners at the last meeting, and in
all probability h° will be the executive
officer of the body. It is evident that no
unseemly haste is to be exhibited by the
commission in reaching its conclusions,
though all the members will lose no time
in studying the various phases of the con
troversy.
YEXEZVELA CVTS XO FIGURE.
Brazil's Attitude on the Huiana Hound-
nry Dispute,
LONDON, Ehg., Jan. 13.— The repre
sentative of the United Press to-day had
an interview with the secretary of the
Brazilian legation here who informed
him that negotiations were proceeding
with the Government at Rio Janeiro anent
the Guiana boundary. There was no fric
tion, he added, between Great Britain and
Brazil on this question, nor was any likely
to occur. It was probable that a joint
commission of delimitation would be ap
pointed. He had no reason to believe that
Brazil would abandon her claims in ex
change for a money consideration. The
Venezuelan dispute had no connection
with the Brazilians and therefore there
was no necessity for delaying the settle
ment of the Anglo-Brazilian question
until the Venezuelan issues were arranged.
prixce TjEof(h.i> to DEVA.nr.
licaigns Itiit Command of a German
Army lirigade.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 13. — Prince
Frederick Leopold of Prussia and his wife,
Princess Louise Sophie of Schleswig-Hol
stein, sister of the Empress of Germany,
are about to start for Southern Europe, to
be absent at least a year. The Prince has
resigned his command of the Fourth
Brigade in the Herman army. His depar
ture from Germany and resignation of his
command are due to his quarrel with the
Emperor.
SUCCEED*: I* B\ II MS FATHER.
Charlem Hibbcrt Tupper Hill Xot He-enter
the Canadian I'urliament.
OTTAWA, Ontario. Jan. 13.— The latest
report regarding the Cabinet reconstruc
tion is that all the striking Ministers have
come back to the Cabinet except Sir
Charles Hibbert Tupper, ex-Minister of
Justice, -whose place has been taken by.his
father, the Canadian If igh Commissioner.
Sir Mackenzie Bowell will retain the pre
miership for the present at least. There
are several i Im portan t ,, matters , yet to be
disposed of before the deal is complete,
SSL. .yirr* ____.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
CLOUDS OF WAR
DRIFTING AWAY.
Abatement of Excitement
Over Affairs in the
Transvaal.
WARSHIPS IN READINESS
Two British Squadrons Equipped,
but Their Destination
Is a Secret.
PRISONERS TO BE PROTECTED.
Authorities Will Not Permit the Con«
fiscation of the Property of
Arrested Americans.
LONDON, Etc., Jan 13.— There has
been a dearth of news regarding the
ation in South Africa and England* rela
tions elsewhere, but it can be saiu that the
outlook in general is better now than it
has been for some time past. The excite
ment has almost completely died away,
but the naval preparations of the Govern
ment are proceeding apace, and so far as
is known to the public have almost been
completed. Nothing has yet been learned
as to the destination of the Hying squad
ron, although much conjecture is indulged
in as to where its field of duty will be.
The fact that Count yon Hatzfeldt, the
German Embassador, went from London
to-day to make a visit to Brighton is pretty
strong evidence that mere has been no fur
ther tension in the Anglo-German r<lu
tions. The ebullition of popular feeling
against Germany, caused by Kmperor Wil
liams' attitude toward the Transvaal, was
altogether too violent to last long, aud
there are now very few evidences of any
great desire to opeu active hostilities
against Germany.
It may be stated that the suggestion
made to-day by the Manchester Guardian
that the preparations now under way are
intended to support a new British policy
anent Armenia contains some germ of
truth, but doubters ask why it was neces
sary to make all these naval preparations
against Turkey when one of the strongest
fleets the world has ever seen was lying at
anchor within easy distance of the Golden
Horn. So far as the Transvaal is con
cerned, all serious trouble in that direction
is undoubtedly ended.
As stated in these dispatches yesterday
the rank and file of Dr. Jameson's expedi
tion has staned for the NataJ boundary,
and the release of the officers of the expe
dition is expected shortly. Every effort
will be made to protect the members of
the Rand Reform Committee who have
been placed under arrest, including the
Americans. It is certain that a bitter
fight will be made against allowing the
Boer Government to confiscate their prop
erty as punishment for their alleged of
fense.
The statement of ex-Prime Minister
Rhodes at Kimberley yesterday that his
political career was just opening and that
he hoped to live long enough to do much
good for South Africa again arouses the
idea that the objective point of his ambi
tion is the establishment of a bouth Afri
can republic that will include all the ter
ritoiy south of the Zambesi River, includ
ing the Transvaal and the Orange Free
State. In or out of office he wields vast
influence, and his doings in the future will
be watched with even greater interest
than in the past.
Little reliance can be placed in many of
the newspaper dispatches published here
purporting to explain the attitude of the
powers toward Great Britain. The Conti
nental nations may not be friendly to this
country, but it is thought that any one of
them would hesitate for a long while be
fore striking a blow at England. The repre
sentative of the United Press, collating all
the information it has been possible to ob
tain, has all along predicted that the
storm clouds world blow ay.'ay, ltaving
the political atmosphere clearer than it
was before, and this prediction bids fair to
prove true in a very short time unless
some hidden trouble whereof the public
knows nothing complicates the present
situation.
JVOIF READY FOR SEA.
The Destination of the Jiritish Squadron*
Kept a Secret.
LONDON", Sue., Jan. 13.— A dispatch
from Portsmouth to the Pall Mall Gazette
says that the Channel squadron is now
ready for sea. The vessels comprising the
squadron have provisions on board suf
ficient to last six months. The ships will
assemble at the end of the week to receive
final orders.
The ships of the new flying squadron
are nearly ready for sea. A larce force of
men worked upon them all day yesterday
litting them out, and the work is almost
complete. It is not yet known when the
squadron will sail or what is its destina
tion.
JiIXGLEADERS KEPT IX JATEm
Jioer Authorities tVill Sot Release All tha
M'rinoner*.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 13.— The Pall Mall
Gazette publishes a dispatch from Cape
Town saying that advices have been re
ceived from Pretoria tliotthe Boer authori
ties have refused to accept bail for tho
ringleaders of the disturbances at Johan
nesburg, but that the others have been re
leased on £1000 bail each.
A dispatch to the Times denies the truth
of the report that the deposition of Dr.
Jameson from the office of administrator
of the British South Africa Company was
made upon the recommendation of the
company. This denial, the dispatch says,
comes from the officials of the company.
JUST AS JiRITISU SUBJECTS.
Hammond and Other Americans to JRe- .
reive Protection.
.WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— This .
afternoon Secretary Olney received a ca- '
blegrani from Mr. Bayard saying that
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain gave
i assurance that he had instructed her Majt -2
esty's High Commissioner (Sir Hercules
Robinson) to extend the same protection
in behalf of John Hays Hammond and
any other American citizens involved in
charges of rebellion as would be taken in
the interest of British subjects under like
circumstances.
AMKKICASS XMtF.H A HUES T.
Mr. Wilts* Says Their Sympathies Are
With' tha UWnnders.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 13. — An interview
was ha;l to-day with Mr. Wiltze, a col
league of John Hays Hammond, the wei!
known American mining engineer, who
was a member of the reform committee at
Johannesburg anil who is now under
arrest for sedition. Mr. Wiltze has just
arrived from the Transvaal. He said that
he had sent cable dispatcnes to General
Harris and William H. Crocker of San
l- rancisco, friends of Mr. Hammond, and
had been informed that they had apprised
Senators Perkins and White of the serious
position of the Americana in Johannes
burg. Senator White had laid the matter
before the Department of State, which iiad
promised to pay prompt attention to the
matter.
Among the Americans arrested is J. S.
Curtis, who has for some time been a resi
dent of Johannesburg. He held a leading
position there, and is very wealthy.
Charles Butters, who is also under arrest,
is connected with the Rand Ore Reduction
Company. Captain Mem Is chief engineer
of the Robinson Gold Mining Company.
The property of these three Americans is
threatened with confiscation. Mr. Wiltze
declared that the United States Govern
ment would never permittee Boer Govern
ment to execute this threat. There is no
doubt that Mr. Hammond and the other
Americans belonged to the reform com
mittee, which was a body formed in a
lime of emergency that was sufficiently
serious to justify the Vitlanders in acting
as they did. Mr. Wiltze concluded by de
claring that the sympathies of all the
Americans in South Africa were with the
Uitlanders.
APPEALS TO AMERICA.
Cecil Rhodes Makes a Plea That Arouses
o atortn.
LONDON, E»a., Jan. 13.— Tha Post this
morning publishes a dispatch sent by
Cecil Rhode*, ex-Prime Minister of Cape
Colony, in which he declared that England
should have America's sympathy in the
tiouble in tne Transvaal.
In its issue to-morrow the paper will at
tack Mr. Rhodes for appealing to the
United States. It will say that if Presi
dent Cleveland considers that the rights of
Americana have been infringed he knows
well how to vindicate them. The United
States certainly does not require the as
sistance of Mr. Rhodes.
The same may be said of Great Britain,
but it first must be made clear that the
British subjects have not put themselves
out of court by their action. That Mr.
.Rhodes has much to answer apart from
the question of Dr. Jameson's raid and the
litianders must be admitted. He must
explain why his police force at Mafe&ing
was ready for active service in the momenta
letter from Johannesburg came to hand and
also why he aid not inform Governor Rob
inson, or, if he did inform him, why the
"OOM PALI." RESIDENCE OF THE PRESIDENT AT PRETORIA.
[From a photograph presented by his Excellency.]
latter did not communicate immediately
h'ith London. With these facts awaiting
Isplanation, the Post says it does not see
my justincation for Mr. Rhodes' extraor
iinary apneal to the Americans.
The Daily News will ?ay : Mr. Rhodes'
Fngenuous argument in behalf of conces
lions to the Uitianders proves too much.
Dn the same showing it would justify
treat Britain iv annexing the Transvaal,
Kith all the consequences that such wicked
Elibustering would entail.
STX ERAIXTY SOT JUEXTIOXED.
the Tran.vaal Minister Talks of the
Treaty of IHS4.
PARIS, lean(e. Jan. 13.— The Temps
publishes an interview with Junkheer
Beelaerts yon Blokland, Minister of the
Bouth African republic to France and
Germany. The Minister declared that the
Transvaal fully accepts the convention of
1884 and does not dream of denounc
ing it, but it does not contain a word about
British suzerainty.
It only empowers Great Britain to veto
my treaty the Transvaal may conclude, if
fn the opinion of the British Government
;he treaty damages British interests. The
Transvaal wholly adhered to this. He
lenied that he had had an interview with
11. Berthelot, the French Foreign Minis
«r, with a view to negotiating the holding
»f an international conference on the af
!airs of the Transvaal or on any other sub
ject of unusual importance. i
TURKISH COXSUL ARRESTEIi.
imong Those Taken Into Custody at
Johunnetbury.
PRETORIA, South Africa, Jan. 13.—
imong the persons arrested at Johannes
lurg is H. Bettelheim, the Turkish Consul.
LIFE IN THE TRANSVAAL
M. Jones of Oakland Tells of the Existing
Political Conditions in the
Republic.
Dr. O. L. Jones of Oakland spent many
'ears in the Transvaal and was intimately
•cquainted with Cecil Rhodes, President
Paul Krueger of the South African republic,
Seneral Joubert of the Transvaal army,
he officers of Krueger's Cabinet and the
treat body of Uitlanders, as all foreigners
tre called by the Boers.
He was for some time physician to the
dministration of the Transvaal and is ac
(uainted with the country, the policies of
Jl parties concerned and the great under
tenant of popular feeling that has been
weeping along under the surface of South
lfrica for many years and which has just
,iven evidence of its existence. The resig
tation of Cecil Rhodes, according to Dr.
ones, is in reality but a step toward hia
ppointment as president of a United South
HON. PAUL KRUEGEB, PRiSDENT OF THE SOUIH AFRICAN REPUBLIC.
[From Mi tot st photograph, pre-entei b>j the President a few months ago to Dr. 0. L. Jones
of Oakland.]
! called the Bond of Union, the object of
) which is to unite under one government
the South African colonies, and to bid
farewell to Great Britain. Nearly every
Englishman, American and European is a
member of the secret society, and al
though the name of Premier Rhodes does
not appear in any connection with the
Bond of Union it is a conceded fact that lie
is its actual head, and that he called it
into existence to further the great plan of
his life— a united South African republic,
with Cecil Rhodes as president.
'•Nearly every newspaper in South Africa
is controlled by Cecil Rhodes," said Dr.
! Jones, "and he sends out of the coun
try just what news will best serve his
| purpose. He is undoubtedly a great man,
| a modern Cromwell. In all the South
i African country, with the exception of the
j Transvaal, he is greatly respected and
| African Republic, whenever such a power
j shall be called into existence. The rilibus
; tering of Jameson is another piece of work
i that was undertaken at the instigation of
| Rhodes' agents for the same end.
For many years there has existed in the
I South African colonies a secret society
| immensely popular. He has acquired
, great power and his possessions render
| him the most opulent man in the colonies
I "For years he has been doing all in his
power to bring about the end desired by
the Bond of Union, and the new republic
would have been in extstence before now
had it not been for the opposition to the
scheme shown by the Boers, whose coun
try is at present governed independently
by themselves. Paul Krueger is to the
Transvaal what Rhodes is to the rest of
the Souih African territory, and between
the two there is intense hatred. Of course,
owing to the powerful censorship of the
press very little of this is known to the
outside world, and nowhere but in South
Africa have I ever heard the Bond of
Union mentioned.
"The Chartered Company, which is
really the private property of Cecil
Rhodes, owes its existence to the fake
statements sent out by the news agencies
under the Premier's control. For years
stories of cruelty and plunder in Ma
shonaland were sent to England, and the
British Government was led to believe
that it would be an act of charity to exercise
a fatherly guardianship over that territory.
When this feeling was sufficiently aroused
Rhodes succeeded in launching the Char
tered Company, which immediately as
sumed a sovereignty over Mashonaland
and a proprietary right over all its mines
and products.
"These mines and products were farmed
out to individuals and subsidiary compa
nies as concessions, and under the terms
his authority enabled him to dictate,
Rhodes received one-half of everything
produced in the country. When it is un
derstood that the territory over which
Great Britain, without any shadow of !
authority, gave Rhodes a cnarter, is about '
THE BOER PRISON AT PRETORIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
I the size of the State of Oregon, his power
and ability to exact tribute can be readily
j conceived. All these Mashonaland con
; cessions helped to increase Rhodes' wealth
| and influence and thus enable him to Dress
on toward his desired goal.
"In Johannesburg there is a plaza, and
on every night in the year the local Denis
I Kearney can be heard advocating the
I union of the republics. JohannesDurg is
largely owned by foreigners, and their
watchword is 'Remember Kimberley.'
There is a history in these two words that
will not be forgotten in South Africa.
"The words have a direct bearing on, and
in fact are an important factor iv. the
present conflict. When the rich diamond
mines of Kimberley were first disco veld
there rapidly grew up a thriving city and
all flourished till the town got entirely
under the control of the British. Then
the 'compounds' were formed, the dia
mond mines were all consolidated and
guards placed around them, and the
coolies who worked them were not per
mitted to leave but once a year. They
lived in the mines, and in consequence the
town died. It is to-day but a village, and
all over South Africa can be found men
who once owned property in Kimberly
and were ruined as soon as English rule
was established. Should English rale
ever be established over the Transvaal the
effect will be the same, so not a day
passes in Johannesburg that 'Remember
Kimberley' is not preached from the
plaza. Although all manner of hardships
are forced upon the foreigners by the
Boers, they can thrive better under such
restrictions than they believe they could
do under British rule. Everybody wants
United South Africa, but Boer rule is pre
ferred to British authority.
"It is not a surprise to any one inti
mately acquainted with the laws passed
by the Boer Government that the Uitland
ers of the Transvaal should look for an
improvement of their conditions. They
are taxed to a degree never dreamed of in
any civilized country. There is a law pro
hibiting mining machinery from running
on Sunday. Of course, the Government
knows that tne machinery must run on
Sundays to keep the mine from filling up,
but that makes no difference. There are
about 120 mines, and every Monday morn
ing an official goes around and collects $25
fine from each superintendent for breaking
the law. All hotels and lodging-houses
are taxed according to the number of beds
in them, and taxes are imposed so that
about half a foreigner. n income is taken
from him in this manner. It is almost
impossible for a foreigner to become a
voter, as sixteen years' residence is re
quired to qualify for the franchise and it
costs several hundreds in expenses. Even
after all that the admission to the privilege
has to be passed upon by a vote of two
thirds in the Legislature, which is com
posed entirely of Boera.
"These restrictions have been endured
for many years by all the foreigners and
the English nave made less kicking than
the Americans.
"All the import trade is farmed out by
Krueger on the concession principle and
by this means he reaps an immense har
vest of wealth."
J. A. HARRINGTON'S EXPERIENCE.
He Tells of His Adventures in South Africa,
and Declares That English Rule Is
the Proper Thing.
James A. Harrington, the artist, of this
City, was one of a party that in 1834 missed
the opportunity of opening the Johannes
burg mines and making fortunes through
the blunder of some of the party who ex
amined the property and condemned it.
When Baron Grant sent out here for
menfortlie Lisbon-Berlin Gold and Ex
ploration Company's exploring expedition
in 1884, James A. Harrington, the artist,
was chosen as the draughtsman and inter
preter of the expedition, and was expected
to help boom the company with sketches
for the Illustrated London News and the
Graphic.
The first man chosen to go to Africa was
Gardiner Williams, who went ahead of the
others and took charge of the Pilgrims'
Rest mine. A few months later Dwight
Crittenden followed at the head of a party
in which were Jeff McClellan, an old Com
stocker; Fred Smith, "Uncle Billy" Reed-
Shaw, a gravel-miner, Mr. Harrington
and a number of others who were fitted for
special work in connection with gravel
mining.
Mr. Harrington, in speaking of their ex
perience yesterday, said:
"We left here January 12, 1884. On our
way out from England we stopped at Ma
deira, and there Crittendon received a tele
gram from Baron Grant saying that he
had been offered the Moody 's Farm mine,
which is the present site of Johannesburg,
for £40,000, and instructing him on his ar
rival at Cape Town or Natal to leave the
men and divide the machinery, sending
one-half on to the Pilgrim's Rest and stor
ing the other half at Cape IWn to be for
warded to Moody's farm in case he pur
chased that. Crittenden waa also in
structed to proceed immediately to
Moody's farm and examine the mine. He
did so, taking with him Jeff McClellan
and Guinness, a brother of the Dublin
brewer. When they returned they con
demned the property and advised
the Baron not to touch it. The for
mation was so different from anything
that they had seen in the Gotnetock or in
California that they thought it worthless
and we all lost an opportunity to make our
fortunes.
"Then we all went on to Pilgrim's Rest.
The mines were really worthlese. Baron
Grant's company had spent immense
sums of money in machinery and build
ings and very little in development work,
and when we arrived there there was little
money left to pay the men. Williams re
ported to his company that the Pilgrim's
Rest was worthless and gave up his posi
tion.
"I stayed out there some time at art
work, and on my way back met Gardiner
Williams on Trafalgar square in London.
He said that he was going out on a $10,
--000 salary to another mine, but if it did
not turn out -well be would try the dia
mond mines at Kimoerley, and now he is
in charge of the biggest mines of that sort
in the world.
"Dwight Crittenden, the last I heard of
him, had gone to Norway and was makine
a fortune."
Speaking of the Boers and English
tnere at the time and their relations, Har
rington said :
"The English were always saying among
themselves that it was only a question of
time when there would be enough of them
to turn the country over to the Queen and
they expected all Uitlanders to join them.
The result of the presen: troubles is bound
to be the absorption of the country by the
English. They are too strong and pro
gressive and the Boers are not. It would
be a good thing for the country if it had
English rule or any other rule except that
of the lioers. The Boers themselves have
been anticipating trouble of this sort and
made preparations for it. While I was
there I learned from some agents of the
Government going to Germany that a se
cret treaty had been made between Krue
ger and Emperor William I of Germany
by which it was agreed thai in case of an
otner English invasion he would turn over
his country to Germany."
Mr. Harrington has many sketches made
while he was there. Among them is one
of a prison for the confinement of Kaffirs.
"All the prisons," he said, "are inclosed
within stone walls, at the gate of which is
a portcullis with a moat running round,
such as those at old fortresses. The most
common punishment meted out is flog
ging. The poor Kaffirs cannot be fined
for they have nothing and they rather en
joy life in the prisons, so confinement is
hardly punishment. The stocks and flog
ging are the principal means of indicting
punisnment. Every Monday at 8 o'clock
in tne morning the flogging occurs. This
sketch was made while two Kaffir women
were being flogged for arson."
SMOTHERED THE FAMILY.
By the Aid of Gas Peter Hou
gaard Killed His Wife, Chil
dren and Himself.
Unable to Pay Overdue Notes, He Was
Driven Fiendishly Insane by
Despondency.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 13.— Driven fiend
ishly insane by despondency, Peter
Hougaard, a Dane, took the lives of his
wife and five little children, and when he
had completed his horrible work he coolly
lay down in the noxious gas-saturated air
of his home and breathed the deadly fumes
that swept an entire family from the list
of the living.
The dead : Peter Hougaard, husband
and father, 40 years of age ; Mrs. Hougaard,
38 years; Hans, 14 years; Jennie, 10 years;
Olga, 8 years; Maud, 6 years; Telia, 2
years.
The bodies of Hougaard, bis wife and
two-year-old child were found in one room ;
in an adjoining room was found ihe body
of Jennie, and in another room the corpses
of the three remaining children. The jets
of every gas fixture in the house had been
turned on, and the cracks of the windows
and doors had been plugged with cotton.
Death had evidently overtaken every
member of the family except the father
while they slept.
Friends of Hougaard say that in a busi
ness transaction a year ago he took sev
eral notes which have long since fallen
due, but were never paid, and it is thought
this may have caused his despondency.
Will ATot Control the Road.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 13.- J. Pier
pont Morgan said this afternoon that there
was no truth in the story that a syndicate
of bankers, including J. Pierpont Morgan
& Co., was to acquire control of the Balti
more and Ohio Railroad, the Philadelphia
and Reading Railroad and the Central
Railroad of New Jersey. President Sam
uel Spencer of the Southern Railway also
denied that he was to become president of
the Baltimore and Ohio.
Failure of a Utinh.
OQALLALA, Nebk., Jan. 13.— Tho Bank
of Ogallala has closed its doors. The fol
lowing was found on the door of the bank
this morning:
By order of the cashier thii b»nk Is closed,
and its asuets have been handed over to the
State Bauking Board.
h. L. Dodder Jr., Examiner.
Frank G. Hoiie, the cashier, says tho
bank will pay up in full.
The Sinking of a Steamboat.
MEMPHIS. Tenx., Jan. 18.-~The M.-m
--phis and Cincinnati steamboat Congo
sank last night at Carutherßville, Mo.
The boat is worth $20,000. Four persona
are supposed to have been drowned. They
are the barber, captain of th« deck crew,
the ash-bauler and a rou«UbouL Two
were injured.
< ,iv*< d by Mixing Matt.
ASHLAND, Ky., Jan. 13.-A mixing up
of hats caused Tom Ross to shoot Frank
Meade and John Higgins in Carter County .
Meade is dead and Hiegins is fatally
wounded.
ESPOUSED BY MORGAN
The Silver Substitute Ably
Supported by the Ala
bama Senator.
ASSAILED MR. SHERMAN.
Hostility to the White Metal on
the Part of the Ohio
Statesman.
DAVE HILL AND THE POPULISTS.
Resolutions Empowering the President
to Extend Belligerent Represen
tation to Cubans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.—Sena
tor Morgan (D.) of Alabama delivered a
two hours' speech in the Senate to-day on
the House bond bill and the free silver
substitute for it reported from the Finance
Committee. Mr. Morgan assailed bitterly
the course of Sherman (R.) of Ohio, both
as Senator and as Secretary of the Treas
ury, in hostility to silver as currency on a
parity with gold.
When he resumed his seat the floor was
taken by Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina,
who will speak on the bill to-morrow.
A concurrent resolution empowering and
directing the President to receive a depu
tation from the Cuban revolutionists
and to extend belligerent representation to
them was introduced by Kyle (Pop.) of
South Dakota and referred to the Com
mittee on Foreign delations.
A rather amusing colloquy between Hill
(D. ) of New York and the two North Caro
lina Senators— Pritchard (R.) and Butler
(Pop.)— took place apropos of a sarcastic
remark of Hill's a few days ago, to the
effect that although the two North Caro
lina Senators were elected at the same time
and by the same combination their state
ments were inconsistent, one of them
claiming that the State was in favor of
high protective duties, while the other
asserted that it was in favor of tariff re
form. Hill declared that it would be
utterly impossible in the next Presidential
election for either of the two great parties
to gratify the constituency of North Caro
lina.
Kyle (Pop.) of South Dakota introduced
a concurrent resolution empowering and
directing the President to receive such
persons as may present themselves, satis
factorily accredited to act on behalf of the
Cuban patriots and extend belligerent
rights. The resolution was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
A communication was received from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a
resolution of the Senate offered by Peffer
(Pop.) of Kansas, which asked whether the
gold reserve of $100,000,000 had ever been
actually segregated or set apart from other
currency. The Secretary states that, "At
no time since the establishment of the so
called gold reserve has the sum of $10C
-000,000, or any other sum, been segregated
or set apart from the general cash in the
treasury," and that there is no provision
of law requiring it to be done. The Secre
tary adds:
"In the exercise of the discretion con
ferred by Congress upon him, the Secre
tary sold for redemption purposes in 1877
and 1878, United States 4 per cent and 4>i
per cent bonds to the amount of $95,500,000
and deposited the proceeds, $96,000,000 in
gold, in the general cash in the treasury.
This, with other gold, which had
been received as surplus revenues, con
stituted the fund prepared and pro
vided by the Secretary of the Treasury for
the redemption directed in the act of Jan
uary 14, 1875. The existence of the reserve
fund -wa3 generally recognized at the time
of its establishment as stated, and one of
the measures adopted by the Secretary of
the Treasury to prevent its unnecessary
depletion was the discontinuance of the
issue of the gold certificates authorized by
the act of March, 1563. This act author
ized, but did not direct such issue and some
inconvenience resulted from this discon
tinuance by section 12 of the bank act of
July 12, 1882, and the Secretary was author
ized and directed to receive deposits of
gold coin and bullion and to Issue certifi
cates therefor; but it was provided that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall sus
pend the issue of such gold certificates
whenever the amount of gold coin and gold
bullion in the treasury reserved for the re
demption of the United States notes falls
below $100,000,000. No other reference to
the reserve fund is contained in the laws
of the United States.'.'
Among the bills introduced and referred
was one by Chandler (R.) of New Hamp
shire for the refunding of United States
notes in 2 per cent bonds.
Kyld (Pop.) of South Dakota introduced
a concurrent resolution empowering and
directing the President of the United
States to receive such persons as may pre
sent themselves, satisfactorily accredited
to act on behalf of the Cuban patriots, and
extend belligerent rights. The resolution
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
A Dill to amend the act forfeiting rail
road lands was reported back by Mcßride
(R.) of Oreeon and passed. It was ex
plained as having no other effect than to
require the fencing, improving and cul
tivating ot such lands to be regarded as
fulfilling the requirement of "possession."
A bill to amend the act forfeiting rail
road lands was reported back by Mcßrfde
(R.) of Oregon and passed. It was ex
plained as having no other effect than to
require the fencing, improving and culti
vating of such lands to be regarded as
fulfilling the requirement of "possession."
A spirited colloquy occurred between
Hill (D.) of New York and the two North
Carolina Senators — Pritchard (R.) and
Butler (Pop.) — In which the politics of
each were sarcastically criticized.
i'ritchard suggested that the difference
between his colleague (Butler) and the
New York Senator was that the former
left the Democratic party because its abuses
could not be corrected inside of the organi
zation, while the latter had been kicked
out and branded as a "traitor."
Hill retorted that "the Democratic party
Imi met with some reverses within the last
two or three years, but I still flatter my
self that I am a lively member of what is
left of that organization." [Laughter.]
Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina defended
his political course and his present posi
tion on the tariff question, contrasting
both with those of Hill.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska joined Hill and
the two Carolina Senators, and the colloquy
was still going on when the Vice-President
at 2P. m. put a stop to it by announcing
the unfinished business— the House bond
bill with the Finance Committee free
silver substitute thereto, and Morgan (D.)
of Alabama addressed the Senate in a
prepared speech in favor of the substitute.
The speech was directed principally
against Sherman's course both as Senator
and Secretary of the Treasury, adverse to
the recognition of silver on an e>jualitv
with gold, in the payment of the liabilities
of the Government. He spoke of Sherman
in a sarcastic vein as the Napoleon of
finance, and predicted for him an ap
proaching Waterloo and a relegation to a
St. Helena. He charged him with having
done all that could be done to drive silver
out of circulation and to deprive it of its
bullion value.
Morgan occupied two hours in reading
his speech. The floor was then taken by
Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina, who will
speak on the bill to-morrow.
The Senate then, at 4:10 p. m., adjourned
until to-morrow.
PROCEEIiIXGS IX THE BOISE.
An Agrtement on the Pension Appropri
ation Hill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.-To-day
being the second Monday in the month
was, under the rules, set aside for the con
sideration of the business relating to the
District of Columbia, and two measures
of local interest were passed. The pension
appropriation bill for the fiscal year end
ing June 30, 1897, the first general sppro
priation bill reported, was then taken up
in committee of the whole. It appropri
ates $141,325,820, which is some $50,000
less than the amount carried by the last
bill and about the same amount below the
estimates. \Y. A. Stone (R.) ol Pennsyl
vania explained the bill, and the two
changes made by it in the existing law,
which were to make a pension granted
date from the time of the first applica
tion without regard to intervening rejec
tions, and limiting to $500 the income
which the dependent widows may receive
and yet be eligible to a pension.
Graff (R.) of Illinois gave notice of an
amendment making a pension a vested
right, and attacked the present pension
policy. Bartlett (D.) of New York op
posed any further extension of the pension
system.
At the conclusion of District business
the House went into committee of the
whole on the annual pension appropria
tion bill. It carries a total of $141,384,570,
which is practically the same as the appro
priation for the current year and a few
thousands less than the estimates of the
Commissioner of Pensions.
Morse (R.) of Massachusetts offered a
resolution instructing the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to inquire into the expe
diency of reporting to the House an ex
pression of this Government in regard to
the Armenian outrages and looking to the
co-operation of tne allied powers to "wipe
the Turkish Government off the face of
the earth." It was referred to the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania, in charge of
the bill, explained the- few changes in the
amounts and the amendments to existing
I laws proposed by the committee.
Graff (R.)of Illinois proposed an amend
ment making a pension a vested right and
spoke in advocacy of it.
Bartiett (D.) of New York raised a point
of order against the proposed amendment
and criticized the Appropriations Com
mittee for engrafting general legislation
on a general appropriation bill. He op
posed the amendment on the ground that
it would be placing a premium on fraud.
In view of the present condition of the
treasury, and the numerous calls which
would soon be made upon it, he did not
think that an unnecessary enlargement of
the existing pension laws would rind favor
on either side of the House.
Discussing the merits of making a pen
sion a vested right, Willis (R.) of Delaware
said that it was better to let ninety-nine
criminals escape than to condemn one in
| nocent man. He asked to whom the
, country belonged if not to the men who
| sav6d it. In conclusion he advised Bart
iett to get his inspiration from that grand
old soldier (then on the floor), General
Daniel E. Sickles, and to follow his lead.
At the close of Willis' speech the com
mittee, without reaching a conclusion on
the bill, rose and the House at 4:35 ad
journed until to-morrow.
SUPREME COUHT CASES.
Two Error* of a Judge Were Shown
Quite Glaringly.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.-Judge
Parker of the United States Court for the
Wet-tern District of Arkansas was "turned
down" in two capital cases in the Supreme
Court of the United States to-day.
Assistant Attorney-General Dickinson
confessed that Judge Parker made such
errors in conducting the trial of Thomas
J. Thornton that he was entitled to a
new trial and it wai so ordered. In Frank
Carver's case Chief Justice Fuller stated
that substantial error was made by Judge
Parker in the admission of certain testi
mony and a new trial was ordered for him.
In the case of ihe Raven Gold Mining
Company vs. the Miners' Union, etc., a
trades union case from Colorado, the
Chief Justice announced that "the
court requires before the considera
tion of this ease affidavits to be
tiled, stating the facts in respect of the
matters therein involved upon which coun
sel for appellant rely as showing that there
is now an actual controversy between the
parties to the jecord arising in said cause,
a decision of which can be carried into
effect by its judgment."
Upon the joint request of Attorney-
General Harmon and Joseph H. Choate,
argument on the big land case of the
United States vs. the Southern Pacific
Railway Company was postponed from
the first Monday in March to the third
Monday in March.
The Claimant Sot a Cltixcn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— A test
case involving the liability of the United
States in a claim by Benjamin Johnson for
$40,105 for property destroyed in Utah by
Ute Indians in 1866 was decided to-day br
the Supreme Court of the United States
affirming the contention that the Court or
Claims had no jurisdiction, because the
claimant was not a citizen when the
damage was inflicted.
Military Academy Appropriations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.-The
military academy appropriation bill will
be reported to the House to-morrow. It
appropriates, in round numbers $443 000
which Is $175,000 below the Secretary's es
timate.
Pains
Of rheumatism increase - with winter
weather. Rheumatism is caused by lactic
acid in the blood. Cure rheumatism by
purifying the blood and neutralizing this
acid with
Hood's
"• • . - . -\ - ■
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. $1; sixforss.
Prepared only by C. I. Hood «fc Co., Lowell, Mag*.
Hood's Piiis act harmoniously with
11UUU S fIHS Hooda Saxsaoarina. 25*
TURKEY IS STUBBORN
Objects to the Distribution
of Aid to Afflicted
Armenians.
NO MONEY FROM ABROAD.
This Bars the Way to Relief
Work by the Red Cross
Society.
ATTITUDE OF THIS COUNTRY.
Can Only Declare Abhorrence and
Urge the Powers of Europe
to Interfere.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— The
Turkish legation gave out this afternoon
the following oflicial communication:
"The Imperial Government will not per
mit any distribution amone its 1 subjects
in its own territory, by any for
eign society or individuals, how
ever respectable the same may be
(as for instance the Red Cross Society)
of money collected abroad. Such inter
ference no independent Government has
ever a!lowed, especially when the collec
tions are made on the strength of speeches
delivered in public meetings by irrecon
cilable enemies of the Turkish race and
religion, and on the basis of false accusa
tions that Turkey repudiates.
"Besides the sublime Porte, mindful
of the true interest of its suDjects, and dis
tinguishing between the real state of
things and the calumnies and wild exag
gerations of interested or fanatical par
ties, will, as it has done heretofore under
its own legitimate control, alleviate the
wants of all Turkish subjects living in
certain provinces irrespective of creed or
race."
At the headquarters of the American
National Red Cross Society this evening it
was stated authoritatively for Miss Clara
Barton by George H. Pullman, finan
cial secretary, that no alteration
in the pians of the Red Cross
to go to Turkey had been made
on account of the Turkish Minister's com
munication to the United Press and none
of the officers would comment on the mat
ter. When the Red Cross became officially
aware that Turkey would not permit the
proposed relief it would then be necessary
for its executive board to meet and deter
mine upon what future action was advis
able.
Senator Cullora, chairman of the Sub
committee on Foreign Relations, had a
conference with Secretary Olney on tne
Armenian question to-day. The Ar
menian sub-cornmitiee will probably re
port to the full meeting at the next ses
sion.
It is believed that it will take the
ground that the United States can only
declare its abhorrence at the crimes com
mitted in Armenia and urge tne powers of
Europe, who have relations with the Tur
ish Government, to extend their protection
to the Armenians. The further uisplay of
force in Turkish waters by this Govern
ment will not be indorsed.
Soldier* to Use Bicycles.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.—Briga
dier-General Wheaton has issued general
orders to the troops under his command
in the Department of the Colorado calling
for stricter observance of the regulations
requiring that practice reconnoisances be
frequently made for ten miles in all
directions from the forts, and directing
that as much use as possible be made of
bicycles. The fitness of bicycles for milH
tary use in a rough country on the plains
will be thus determined.
NEW TO-PAT.
■
TO BE GIVEN AWAY.
Though we have already made a big cut
in the price of our Men's, Boys' and Child-
ren's Clothing, for a SPECIAL INDUCE-
MENT we will present with every $10
purchase one of these elegant Parisian
Writing Portfolios, including patent ink
well, and worth at the very least $2. This
is an opportunity you should not miss.
Small Boys' Cape Overcoats (ages 2'< to 6
years), double-breasted, all wool, hemstitched
and built *' on honor," worth $(3 — our Ne;r
Year price $4 50.
Larger Boys', all-wool Suits in steel grays,
double-breasted; coat, two pairs of pants acd
cap; superb value at $4 50.
Bargains all through the house.
Our mail order department is State famous.
SBr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABST ST. Established
In 1 534 for the treatment of Private
Omeases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
dlieaseweariugotibodyand mind and
Slcin Diseases I'hedoctorciireswhpn
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Pr. j. y. tilßßQif, Box 1887. San francl»;£
STORRS'
ASTHMA REMEDY,
CUBES ASTHMA. Stops the severest paroxysms
in ONK MI.VUTK. 10c, 250 and 50c szes. Ali
druggists have it, or any. size will be mailed oa
receipt of price to
KIBBLER'S PHARMACY
SW. Cor. Larliin and Turk Sta., s. F.
TAK9AR A laxative refreshing fat
I H Bill i& X frult iozense.
■ nninil very agreeable to take
CONSTIPATION
I II n I n II < nemorrhoida, bile,
IRUICHI '°s« o< appotite. gastric an*
111 CII intestinal troubles and
■ ■■ headache arising
ODII lAH M , E. ORILLON,
bKILLUN "aiwssaa 1 *RALLY OF THE CLANS.
Fight for the Location of the
Democratic National
Convention.
RIVALS AT THE CAPITAL
St. Louis Boomers Closely Fol
lowed by Representatives of
Other Cities.
CLAIMS OF THE NEW YORKERS.
Chicago Also in the Race, and Will
Make a Big Bid to the
Committee.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 13.— The
cht for the location of the Democratic
nal Convention is under full head
way. Ex-Governor Francis of Missouri,
with four of the St. Louis boomers, arrived
this morning, and, accompanied by Hugh
(.'. Wallace of Tacoma, Chief Justice Ful
ler's son-in-law and National committee
man of the Vtate of Washington, began
their campaign by paying their respects to
:.i-y Lament and several other Demo
crats in executive offices. The Missouri
people will open flag-bedecked quarters at
t he Arlington to-morrow, when their num
bers will be aii^mcnt°d by the arrival of
i'.fteen St. Louis Dusiness men, who are
ng what they consider a plain busi
ness proposition of furnishing the same
facilities that are being prepared for the
:i convention.
ns 1 committee of Chicago, ten
in number, are expected to-morrow. Their
tary, I>. J. Rosenthal, came yester
day and has already had a parlor at the
■on draped with American flags and
large woodcuts of Cleveland and Steven
■ :. ■ thai says $40,000 has al
ready been raised by the committee. He
[ v Tor,: a< Chicago's most dan
is competitor, but the New Yorkers
who are coming in say that Chicago will
in it at all with any of the other
a of the advance guard from New
York arrived to-night, twenty-rive more
are due to-morrow afternoon and Tam
many Hall's big delegation of forty is
booked to arrive at the Shorebam to
ow night. About that time the race
between the rival cities will begin to give
an indication of its nnisn.
I try S, P. Sheerin of Indiana ar
rived this morning and has been making
calls about the departments all day. Ev
erybody who has come in so far seems irn
i with the idea that th« convention
will not be held earlier Uian the middle of
but the impression lias no very sub
stantial basis so far as can be learned, and
may be modified radically before the com
mittee meets on Thursday.
- ID-committee of the National Dem
i cratic ("omniittee will hold a meeting at
n^-tnn to-morrow night to consider
a resolution which was offered by Mr. Col
lins of Massachusetts at the last conven
tion, limiting the attendance of the con
vention of 18!*j to delegates and alternates,
menilers of the National Committee and
newspaper n-en. The Collins resolution
il by the rowdyism in the gal
• Chicago when Mr. Daniel of Yir
•."tempted to speak in favor of David
■: Ililiand against the nomination
of Mr. Cleveland. It is believed, however,
•amittee will act favorably
upon the resolution.
7. I sll.S FLL ISA UOURATED.
He Succeed* 31eK.in.let/ as Governor of
Ohio.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 13.— city
to-uay is gay with Sagi and bunting and
with the marching of troops and political
clubs with their bands of music. Governor
inell, McKinley'a successor, was in
augurated to-day. The inauguration
exercises proper took place in the rotunda
of the Capitol at noon. They were simple
and very brief.
At tiie conclusion of the exercises a
magnificent parade took place of thirty
nine civil and political organizations and
sixty military organizations, which were
reviewed by the Gubernatorial party.
HARRISOS J.s OUT.
Positive Statement Matie by an Intimate
.Friend.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 13.-The
Tribune to-morrow will print the follow
ing: Ex-Senator Thomas W. Palmer of
Michigan, who is now in the city, had a
long conference with ex-President Harri
son at the Fifth-avenue Hotel yesterday.
After seeing General Harrison Mr. Palmer
said :
"In my judgment General Harrison will
not be a candidate for the Presidential
nomination."
This statement i? regarded by politicians
as important, on account of theclosefriend
t;hin that baa lons existed between the ex-
President and Mr. Palmer.
THE TRIAL Of CHAPMAN.
One I'oint Agreed I'pnn in the Contuma-
rious Wittiest' Cage.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 13.— 1n the
trial "i Elverton R. Chapman, the con
tumacious Senate committee sugar
witness, to-day Judge Cole granted tne
-t of counsel for the defense that the
journal of the Senate for the month of
July, 1894, be produced in court for the
purpose of reference as to what had been
;n regard to the sugar affairs.
Attorney Birney stated that his
adversaries ami himself had at last agreed
upon one point— that the American Sugar*
refining Company had paid since its incor
poration dividend!) at the rate of 7 per cent
on its preferred -tuck and 1:2 per cent on
itscommon stock. The case was adjourned
until to-morrow.
TO 11EPEAI, 'THE SECTIOy.
Gray's /till llclating to Correspondence
With For€ign Officers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— Gray
(D.)of Delaware introduced intheSenate
to-day a bill repealing section 5335, Revised
Statutes, which provides a fine and im
prisonment as a punishment for any one
who commences or carries on any verbal
or written correspondence witii any oflicer
of any foreign Government, with an intent
to influence the measures or conduct of
any foreign Government in relation to any
dispute wiih tbe United States, etc. This
is the act of January 30, 17&9, quoted the
other day in the Senate as applicable to
any j übfisher who secured telegrams from
British officials ou the Venezuelan ques
tion. _
Pwutom for Californians.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— The
following California pensions have been
issued: Winiield S. Ralph, Biggs; Wii-
Ham Latchford, Veterans' Home; George
R. Weeks, Los Angeles; Thomas B. Wal
lace, Los Angeles; Nicolas Fromm, Benicia.
URGES A TORECJUOSUItE.
Director Coombs of the Union Pacific
Talks of the Indebtedness.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— Ex-
Congressman Coombs of Brooklyn, whose
presence here has been erroneously asso
ciated with a supposed convention of
bankers, is one of the Government di
rectors of the Union Pacific Railroad.
In his last annual report to the directory
he suggested a foreclosure of the Govern
ment's mortgage against the Union and
Central Pacific Railroads. He was at the
Capitol to-day urging this plan upon mem
bers. Spreading to a United Press re
porter he said :
"If the Government should foreclose its
mortgage on both roads and the property
were placed in condition to be sold it
woulU be a good investment and ample se
curity on an issue cf $140,000,000 of 5 per
cent bonds.
The net earnings of the main lines of
the Union and Central Pacific roads in the
worst year of their existence— the last
fiscal year— with tue Central Pacinc in the
hands" of its competitor, the Southern
Pacinc, exceeded $7,400,000. It would re
quire about $33,000,000, exclusive of the
sinking fund, to pay the first mortgage
bonds on both roads, leaving over $100,
--000,000 which could be made applicable to
the payment of the Government's debt.
"It would take probably from $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 to force an entrance into San
Francisco against the opposition of the
Southern Pacinc. There is no doubt in
my judgment that several great Eastern
lines which desire to extend their systems
to the Pacific Coast would bid for the
bonds if they were sold by the Govern
ment, and if not, private parties would
stand ready to take them."
REPUBLIC ASS JJV CAUCUS.
Fry " Je Candidate for President pro
Tent, of the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, J?n. 13.— The
Republican Senatorial caucus this after
noon was not fruitful in results beyond
the understanding reached without tak
ing a vote, that when the opportu
nity presented itself Frye should be
placed in nomination as the party's candi
date for President pro tern. There seems
to be a disposition to put off the further
re-oreanization of the elective officers of
the body until the new Senators from
Utah shall arrive. This afternoon's cau
cus was of short duration.
Wolcottof Colorado made a short speech j
and said he spoke for himself and his j
colleague. They could not, he said, un- |
dertake to be bound by such caucus
action as the Republicans might
take. Without their votes and that
of one of the Populists or the !
third party from voting as
they did with respect to the commutes, j
the Republicans are powerless. Should j
the defection of the two Colorado Senators
be permanent, it does not appear just how
the Republicans can reorganize the Senate.
There was some feeling manifested by
some Senators after the caucus adjourned. ;
It was intimated that overtures had been
made to certain Republicans in the way of i
appointments if they would refrain from
urging a reorgar rzation.
Inasmuch as the force of employes can- '
not be increased without the concurrence
of the Senate, this proposition will prob
ably be bitterly antagonized by Senators
who are favorable to a complete revision
of the personnel of the elective officers and :
the men under them.
MEMBERS OF THE MAFIA
Justice Overtakes a Gang of Most
Desperate Assassins in
Pennsylvania.
Indictments Against the Band for
Murder, Arson, Robbery and
Other Crimes.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 13.— A Herald's !
dispatch from Wilkesbarre, Pa., says:
Justice has at last overtaken a gang of I
assassins, who, under the direction of the
Mafia, have committed murders and rob
beries and terrorized the people of Southern
Luzerne County for the last six months.
Nine of the worst members of the gang are
now in the County Jail of this city. Four'
are fugitives from justice and one, Michael
Spero, is now on the way here from Chi
cago under arrest.
The Grand Jury of Luzerne County Sat
urday found true bills against four of the
prisoners for murder, and against the rest
for arson, robbery, burglary, larceny,
blowing up a house with dynamite and |
assaults on women. Detectives who i
worked up the case 3 against these men say
that there will be thirty or forty more ar
rests before they have captured all the j
criminals.
Most startling of all the discoveries con- I
cerning this band of rascals is the fact that
they are all members of the Mafia. Sev
era! of the prisoners have confessed that
they worked under orders received from j
the headquarters in New York and Phila- :
delphia. There is every indication that j
the organization now being broken up is
the worst that has violated this country
since the citizens of New Orleans took the
law into their own hands and extermin- j
ated that brood of Mafia murderers who
brought a long series of assassinations to
an end by ambushing and killing David
Hennessey, the Chief of Police.
The tnoroughness with which the crim
inal enterprise was organized is indicated !
by the fact that James Passarella, the i
leader of the gang, was sent on last May i
from the Mafia headquarters in Philade!- j
pia for the express purpose of superin- i
tending and directing the work of the law- !
breakers. In their haste to shield them- !
selves from punishment, all the prisoners, j
except Passarella, have been confessing
crimes most industriously.
Hied Front Hydrophobia.
WILKEBBARRE, Pa., Jan. 13.— Abram
Hause, 47 years of age, died in terrible
agony in Conyngham township, this
county, to-day from hydrophobia. He
was bitten by a dog eleven weeks ago. He
seemed to have a premonition that hydro
phobia would develop, and he made his
will. Five days ago he was prostraied
with rabies, and death finally released him
from his horrible agonies.
Cheeks an Infringement.
TRENTON, N. J., Jan. 13.— An opinion
by the United Ltates Court of Errors, filed
to-day in this city, sustains a decision ren
dered by Judge Green of the United States
Circuit Court for New Jersey, in which he
decided in favor of Robert Hoe & Co. in a
suit against Walter Scott and others for
infringing on a patent for printing-press
attachment.
The lowa ijeyislaUire.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 13.— The lowa
Legislature opened here this morning at
10 o'clock. After temporary organization
H. W. Byers was made permanent
Speaker of the House of Representatives
without opposition. Lieutenant-Governor
Dungan presided over tbe .Senate.
Ebb of the (loid Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— At the
close of business to-day the treasury gold
reserve stood at $55,469,975. The with
drawals at New York to-day were $037,000,
of which $022,000 was in gold coin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
SAILORS ARE BITTER
Men of the Janet Cowan
Accuse Their Dead
Master.
DRUNK AND INCAPABLE.
Four Affidavits Containing the
Captain's Record of
Action.
COULD HAVE SAVED THE SHIP.
Even Now the Grounded Vessel Is in
No Immediate Danger of
Going to Pieces.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 13.—
i Since the publication of the story about
the alleged drunkenness of Captain
j Thompson of the ill-fated Janet Cowan,
nearly every member of the crew has come
forward to verify it. Four of them — Peter
son (the carpenter) and Seamen Heath,
Lowry and Olsen — have tiled affidavits
with the British Consul charging that
Thompson was drunk and incapable of
handling the vessel.
Another one, Septimus Cosens, a boy 16
years old and the son of John Cosens, a
wholesale liquor merchant of South
I Shields, Eng., who claims to have been In
a position to know the amount of liquor
used by Captain Thompson on the voy
age, says the latter was driuking almost
continually.
Co&ens claims that when about seven
weeks out from Cape Town the captain
was not seen for a period of fifteen days,
being too drunk to go on deck. On the
voyage to Cape Town so much liquor had
been used that the captain was obliged to
replenish his stock there. Cosens is cor
roborated by Carpenter Peterson and John
Moran and James Heath, able seamen.
Peterson, who went on a previous voy
age with Captain Thompson, tells of the
Jatters general demeanor toward Tinder
officers on every occasion. He says he
was gruff and crusty, never asking or tak
ing advice of any one, and spending most
of his time in the cabin drinking brandy.
When about eleven weeks from Cape
Town the captain was not seen for twenty
four hours. This was during one of the
worst periods of the passage. A terrific
gale came on, the ship being struck by a
cyclone that carried away the foresail un
der circumstances which rendered life
hazardous.
The captain knew nothing of this unti
the second day, and refused to listen toj
explanations about the loss of sail, claim
ing it was due to the negligence of the
officers. Some of the crew criticized Cap
tain Thompson and Second Mate Howell,
both now dead, for their hurried desertion
of the ship on the night of the disaster.
This is more important than might ap
pear at first thought, because later
developments prove that if the crew had
remained with the vessel they would
have been all right even to the present
time, for she has not gone to pieces and
would have saved them all from the ex
posure that caused the death of four men
in the snow on shore, as well as the drown
ing of three in a manner, the particulars
of which may never be fully known.
It seems that when the vessel struck the
rocks she was going at six knots an hour,
' and the men were thrown off their feet, so
violent was the shock. There was con
sternation on board, and in the midst of it
Captain Thompson, who had been below,
rushed upon the deck and shouted, "Man
: the boats!"
The seamen say that a more capable or
sober man would have quelled the excite
ment, but instead of that Captain Thomp
son's words lilled all with terror, and they
seemed crazed with a desire to make the
shore. Had they taken their chances on
board until daylight they would have
found it unnecessary to leave the vessel at
all and no lives would have been lost.
Captain Thompson's home was in Sea
combe, near Birkenhead, England, where
he leaves a widow and one child.
The matter of the wreck will be fully in
vestigated by Consul Klocker here, and the
result sent to the ship-owners. Chamber
lain, who swam ashore with the life-line,
is one of those left behind and is expected
hero to-morrow morning on the tug Pi
oneer.
This is the second wreck Able Seaman
Heath has experienced in the past eight
months. He was in the Norwegian bark
Gleaner when she went on to St. Laurs
rock«. on the west coast of Africa, on July
x, is!)"). Two months later he joined the
Cowan.
WILL LEA YE POUT AyGELES.
A Crew Secured for the Itndly leaking
Ship Waehunett.
FORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 13.-The
ship Wachusett of San Francisco, which
was recently disabled in a storm off Cape
Flattery, will leave to-night for San Fran
cisco, although she is still in a leaking
condition. Four sailors who refused to
make the trip, claiming the ship was not
seaworthy, succeeded in influencing the
other sailors on the Sound from signing
for the voyage, but a crew arrived from
Victoria last night to take their place.
jtECEi mi* -vo cajjljErs.
The Belmonts Having a Quiet Honeymoon
at Viewport.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Jan. 13.— Except for
the slight signs of activity about Belcourt
yesterday nobody would have dreamed
that Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Belmont were
passing their honeymoon there. They
were out for only a brief drive and visit to
the marble palace early in the afternoon.
Many expected that they would attend
Trinity Church, where Mrs. Belmont has
a pew, and there was a large congregation
there to see them, but they did not appear.
So far as can be learned there were no
callers yesterday at Mr. Behnont's, and
probably there will be none, for they will
send out no cards.
RAX iyTO A. CARRIAGE.
Two Women Struck and Killed by a Rail
way J.nrmiiotivr.
RALEIGH, N. C, Jan. 13.— A freight
train in Rutherford County yesterday
struck a carriage in which were Mrs.'
Kanipe of Old Fort and her two daugh
ters. Mrs. Kanipe ami the oldest daugh
ter, aged 10. were killed. The younger
daughter was dragged from under the
wheels and her life saved. The carriage
was crushed and the horses killed. The
driver jumped and escaped.
Reading Railroad Election.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 13.-The
annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Com
pany was held this afterneon. There was
but one ticket in the field, and the follow
ing were re-eleted: President, Joseph S.
Harris; managers — A. J. Antelo, James
Bovd, Joseph P. Sinnott, Thomas Mc-
Kean, John LowDer Welsh, George F.
Baer; treasurer, William A. Church;
secretary, William R. Taylor.
0F INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Lawyers Lining at Washington for Argu-
ment of the Great Stanford
Suit.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— The San
Diego Council has sent to Senator Perkins
a resolution requesting that the Govern
ment stations permanently at that port a
warship and that a military post be estab
lished at the reservation set aside for that
purpose.
Perkins says an effort will be made to
secure this much needed means of pro
tection. The War and Navy departments
have had the matter called to their atten
tion and the request made that the means
of defense askeci for be granted.
J. H. Roberts of the Sacramento Trans
portation Company is endeavoring to
secure an appropriation for deepening the
channel of the upper Sacramento River so
it may be placed in better condition for
navigation. Photographs of the upper
stretches of the river, giving an excellent
idea of the size and importance of the
stream have been sent to Senator Perkins
ani others of the California delegation.
The lawyers are lining up for the argument
in the case of the United States against
the Stanford estate to recover $15,000,000
claimed to be due the Government as one
fourth of the Central Pacific debt to the
Government under the California statute
making individual stockholders liable for
obligations of a corporation. The exact
date for argument has not been
fixed, but will be some time this month.
Joseph H. Choate of counsel for Mrs.
Stanford arrived to-night, accompanied by
August Hutchinson of New York. The
Solicitor-General of the Department of
Justice, Holmes Conrad, has prepared his
brief for the Government's side of the case
and as is customary it has been submitted
to the opposing counsel.
Senator Squire introduced to-day amend
ments to the river and harbor bill for the
following improvements:
For improvement of the outer entrance
to (tray's Harbor, $250,000.
For improvement of the Columbia River
between the mouth of the Willamette
River and the city of Vancouver *67,000.
For improvement of Nooksack River,
$25,000.
For the improvement of the Columbia
River from Ro"ck Island Rapids to Okans
gan River, $12,000.
For the improvement oi Swinosh Slough,
$72,000.
For the improvement of Everett harbor,
$150,00.
l<or the Improvement of Olympia har
bor, $100,000.
For the improvement of the Chehalis
River and its tributaries, $5000.
To complete the existing project of the
improvement ot Grays Harbor, $75,000.
For the improvement of the Upper Co
lumbia and Snake Rivers as far up as
A sot in, $20,000.
For improvement of Puget Sound and
its tributary waters, including the rivers
Skamit, Snohomish, Stillaquamish, Nook
sack, Snoqualmie, Dwatish and Penaltup,
continued improvement and rebuilding
snagboat, $90,000.
Senator Squire also introduced the fol
lowing resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be and
is hereby directed to inform the Senate what
amountis required to be appropriated to pay
for sites required for the erection of fortifica
tions and coast defenses.
ROBBED BY THE CASHIER
Why a Bank at Columbus Was
Forced to Close Its
Doors.
The Dishonest Officer Turned Over His
Property and Exonerated the
President.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Jan. 13.— The direc
tors of the Fifth-avenue Bunk, which
closed its doors on Saturday, as alleged on
account of the groundless run in conse
quence of the Ady failure of Friday, now
claim that the bank has been robbed ex
tensively by its cashier, John A. Knight.
The bank officers say about $50,000 is miss
ing.
President J. M. Loren of the suspended
bank said this evening that Cashier Knight
refused to explain the missing assets of
the bank. The books are found to be in a
badly mixed condition, and the expert
called to examine them can make little
out of them.
This afternoon Cashier Knight deeded
all his property to the bank to secure it
against loss, but this property is small and
badly inenmbered, so that beyond the in
demnity bond of $10,000 the bank has no
security in the case.
On the application of a depositor the
bank was tiiis afternoon put in the hands
of John Field as receiver. Knight was
formerly the law partner of J. M. Loren,
the president of the bank, and has been
associated with him in business for sev
eral years.
In order to relieve Mr. Loren of sus
picion in the matter, Knight signed a
statement this afternoon to the effect that
Loren had nothing to do with the short
age. This is the only thing approaching a
confession that has been secured from
Knight He refuses to make any state
ment. Knight has not yet been airested.
ItHIFTED BT O-V TIIE ICE.
Three Men Floated. Out to Lake Erlo
and Death.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 13.— The vil
lage of Glenville, a suburb to the east of
this city, was thrown into intense excite
ment this afternoon by tne sight of three
men on a cake of ice drifting out into Lake
Erie. Captain Motley of the life-saving
station of this port was immediately tele
phoned for and the fire-tug Clevelander
placed at his disposal. The tug made her
way to a point opposite the heights of
Glenville, and although she cruised
around for fully three hours in the ice the
captain was unable to find any trace of the
three unfortunates.
It is reported the three men seen on the
ice were the only survivors of a wrecked
tug, and it is now believed they too have
been lost.
FIGURING Oy THE BOXDS.
If the Public Fails the Syndicate Is
Ready to Act.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan 13— The Gov
ernment bond situation remains un
changed. J. I'ierpoiu Morgan's statement
that the syndicate was intact and that he
was bound to see the loan made a success
put an end to tne rumors current on Sat
urday that a formal notice of dissolution
of the syndicate would be given out to-day.
A leading bond-dealer said the syndicate
was formed for the purpose of assisting the
Government in the work of replenishing
the gold reserve and that if the public did
not take the bonds the syndicate would see
to it that the treasury got the gold it re
quires. This much being settled, the
street is now speculating as to whether the
syndicate or the public will get the bonds.
On this opinion is greatly divided.
LOS ANGELES BLAZE
Flames Sweep Through the
Occidental College
Building.
BRAVERY OF STUDENTS.
Valuable Furniture Saved From
Destruction Through Their
Efforts.
COULD NOT CHECK THE FIRE.
Lack of Water Rendered the Efforts of
the Boyle Heights Department
Futile.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 13.-The Oc
cidental College building and dormitory,
situated east of the city line, between East
First and East Second streets, was totally
destroyed by fire at noon to-day.
Just before the distant noon whistles of
the city were sounding the lunch hour the
janitor of the college noticed flames pour
ing from the west side of the college build
ing near the tower. They spread rapidly
and in five minutes the whole roof was in
flames. The janitor and the neighbors
made heroic efforts to save the building,
but the water was inadequate and the hose
connections to the few water-pipes were
very poor and refused at this critical mo
ment to be operated.
The building was without any adequate
fire protection. Had there been a chemi
cal apparatus handy at the time when the
janitor first noticed the flames he could
have easily ascended to the roof and
checked it. The futile efforts to save the
building by throwing water from a small
hose and from buckets was apparent to the
janitor and the twenty students present,
and they were forced back by the flames.
Then they lent their energies to saving the
effects.
Wiiile the students and the faculty were
working with the flames, the Boyle Heights
engine of the Los Angeles fire department
arrived, but was unable to secure water.
There was none within a quarter of a mile,
and the apparatus was useless, but the
firemen lent valuable assistance in saving
the contents of the building.
The conflagration was caused by a de
fective flue. Fires were burning in the
grates and it is supposed that sparks
caught in the gutter and the shingles. The
janitor climbed to the rbof this morning
and examined the flue and found every
thing in excellent condition ; at least there
was no indication of a defect.
Monday is a holiday in this college and
there were only about twenty students
present, most of them being boarding stu
dents, and among them several girla, who
remained remarkably cool.
The building was a three-story brick
structure, 70x70 feet in dimensions. The
first and second Moors were used as school
rooms and apartments for the teachers
and the third story as a dormitory for the
boarding pupils. The building was erected
in 1887 and cost about $30,000.
Since its erection a commodious barn,
cottage and other improvements have been
made, which appreciate the original in
vestment several thousand dollars. About
one-half of the cost of the building is
covered by insurance. The institution was
built and conducted under the auspices of
the Presbyterian societies, and Rev. E. N.
Condit was the president.
The coolness of the students and the
energy shown by them and the neighbors
made it possible for them to save a great
part of the valuable furniture and effects.
It is estimated that the total damace done
is about $50,000, and that is covered by an
insurance of about $17,500.
A couple of students by their presence
of mind saved from destruction a valuable
piano that had recently been donated to
the college.
At 3 o'clock the entire building was de
troyed as completely as though it had
been wiped off the face of the earth.
GAVE STHATTOX A. START.
Ivea Loaned Money to the Cripple Creek
Millionaire.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 13.— Hobart
D. Ives of this city gave Winfield 8. Strat
ton, the Cripple Creek multi-millionaire,
his financial start. Mr. Ives says: "I
received a request from the company in
which I was interested there for a loan of
$2000. The applicant was described as a
carpenter living in Colorado Springs. He
was the owner of three small houses, which
he had built, and was said to be a man of
industrious and frugal habits. He desired
the money to continue work on a claim
which he had staked out at Cripple Creek.
"I gave the required loan. The poor
carpenter who borrowed that $2000 from
me is now one of the wealthiest men in
the world. He was recently quoted as
being worth $25,000,000, all of which he
has made at Cripple CreeK within three
years. He is the owner of the Indepen
dence mine, said to be the richest mine in
existence, and his name is Winfield S.
Stratton." _
CZAZED BY CRUELTY.
Fate of an American Who Wat Impris
oned in Mexico.
SYRACUSE, N. V., Jan. 13. — Charles
Oberlander of this city, whose claim for
damages against the Mexican Government
is now in the hands of the State Depart
ment, has been declared insane by a lunacy
commission. The investigation into his
mental condition was instituted as a result
of his recent indictment for an attack upon
two young girls in the Tabor Orphan Asy
lum of this city.
The Commissioners reported that in
their opinion Oberlander's mind became
unbalanced partly through the indignities
he suffered at the bands of the Mexican
authorities while in jail in that country.
STAFFORD'S OFFER ACCEPTED.
Establishment of a Universalist Chair in
Return for a fund.
BOSTON. Mas*., Jan. 13.— At the annual
meeting of the Universalist Club held at
the Thorndike to-night the offer of the
Leland Stanford University to establish a
chair in Universalist theology in return
for a fund of ?40,000 came up. Rev. F. H.
Roblin made a motion that a committee
of three be appointed to raise $10,000,
which, with $10,000 raised for the purpose
in the West and $20,000 left by the late
Father Throup of Pasadena, Cal., will
complete the sum required. After some
debate the motion was passsd.
Died From Apoplexy.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 18.— Marcus
Marx, a director and vice-president of the
Drawbaugh Telephone and Telegraph
Company, had a stroke of apoplexy this
afternoon and died almost instantly. Mr.
Marx was 60 years of age ana a native of
Germany. He was an active and success
ful business man. He patented several de
vices, among them a machine for producing
buckles in large quantities. He is said to
have been worth about $250,000. He leaves
a widow, three sons and three daughters.
JJV TJUJS KKICIISTJIG.
Minister Ton Bocttlcher Object* to the
Term "Frivolous."
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 13.— 1n the
Reichstag to-day the oleomargarine bill
was brought up for discussion. In the
course of the debate Herr Harm (Social
Democrat), who sits for Dusseldorf, char
acterized the measure as frivolous.
Dr. yon Boetticher, Imperial Minister of
the Interior, resented the term "frivolous"
used by Herr Harm, declaring it to be un
parliamentary, especially in view of the
fact that the bill had been approved by the
Bundesrath. .
At this point Vice-President Schmidt,
who v.as in the chair, intervened, He said
that the phrase used by Herr Harm had
not been heard by him or he would have
called the member to order. On the other
hand, he declared that he must protest
energetically against Dr. yon Boetticher's
remarks. It was, he said, the right of the
chair alone to criticize the utterances of
members and to decide whether or not
their language was unparliamentary.
The ruling of the chair was greeted with
cheers from the Socialist and Freissinige
deputies. Dr. yon Bo«tticher replied that
he always respected. the rights and privil
eges of the chair, but claimed the right,
nevertheless, to use the term he had em
ployed. The Minister's retort was cheered
by members of the Right.
SUICIDE OF GUARDSMEN.
The Captain and a Private of
a Native Honolulu Company-
Kill Themselves.
Ex-Queen Liliuokalani to Be Pardoned
on the Third Anniversary of
Her Dethronement.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Jan. 6.— The na
tive company of the National Guard, which
was recently organized, seems to be out of
luck. A couple of weeks a<ro its captain
committed suicide by blowing the top of
his head off with his rifle. He placed the
muzzle in his mouth, and fired the gun
with his foot attached to the trigger wilh
a piece of ribbon. His name was Katie,
and he had been an employe of the post
office for a long time. On Saturday last,
Oliva Alawa, a private in the same com
pany, put an end to his existence in the
same manner precisely, and people are
wondering if there are any more of the
company who are tired of living.
Preparations are under way for the third
celebration of the anniversary of the revo
lution which overturned the monarchy.
It occurs on January 17, and the predic
tion is made that the parole of ex-Queen
Liliuokalani will on that day be at anendj
and that she will be granted a full and
complete pardon. President Dole himself
informed The Call correspondent two
days since that the Government hoped to
see its way to do so in a very short time,
and the third anniversary of her dethrone
ment will in all probability witness the
last act of the drama. The ex-Queen is
frequently seen driving about the city, and
is enjoying much better health than at any
period in the last three years.
THE SICARAGUA CANAI..
It I» lime, Says a Panama. Paper, for
Some- Effective Work.
PANAMA, Colombia, Jan. 5. — The Pan
ama Star and Herald, under date of Janu
ary 3, says that the Royal Mail steamer
Para, which arrived at the port of Colon
on the 2d inst. from Cartagena, broueht
108 laborers for the canal company. The
same paper in an editorial says:
"Now that the Nicaragua project has re
ceived a setback and that it will not be re
vived, even supposing everything should
turn extremely favorable, before two
years, or say" before IS3B, there is a
very favorable opportunity offered
to the present Panama Canal
Company to push ahead and show that it
means business. Let it immediately do
something effective, so that in 1898 they
may have things so far advanced that the
Inited States Government will give un al
together bolstering up the much-petted
Nicaraguan route."
REPULSED THE ABISSiyiAXS.
Italian Forces Successfully Defend the
Town of Jlakalle.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 13.— A dispatch from
Massowah, capital of Erythrea, states that
on Saturday the Abyssinians renewed their
attack on the town of Makalle, where they
had been defeated with heavy loss the day
previous. The Italians in the garrison
fougnt bravely, and again repulsed the
enemy with heavy loss.
It is reported that the plague is raping
in the Abyssinian camp, due to the fact
that the dead have not been buried and
the decomposing bodies have poisoned the
air.
JLaaker Still Leads.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 13.-
In the international chess tournament
here to-day Lasker (white) beat Tschi
gorin in a Ruy Lopez at thirty moves.
This came finishes the fourth round in the
tournament. The score now stands: Las
ter won 7Jj, lost 4)£; Pillsbury won 6'<,
lost s)£', Steinitz won 6}£, lost 5J£. Tscai
gorin won 3J£, lost B}£.
Thanked by Gladstone.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 13.— Mr. Gladstone
has written to ths press from Biarritz,
France, expressing his grateful thanks to
all those persons who congratulated him
on the recent, occasion of the eighty-sixth
anniversary of his birth.
Naphtha Springs Discovered.
ODESSA, Russia, Jan. 13.— Three new
naphtha springs, yielding 60,000, 78,000
82,000 poods daily, have been discovered
in the - Caucasus, near the Caspian sea.
The springs are in a chasm 444 feet deep.
Editor Bunting Dead.
TORONTO, Ont., Jan. 13.— Christopher
W. Bunting, director of the Mail and Em
pire, died this morning of Brisrht's disease.
He was 59 years of atre.
An Audience With Humbert.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 13. -King Humbert
to-day gave an audience to the Rev. Mr.
Kevin, rector of the American Church
here.
Death of a Portuguese Poet.
LISBON, Portugal, Jan. 13.— Joao de
Deus, a Portuguese poet of some note, died
in this citi r yesterday.
An Entente Possible.
LONDON, England, Jan. 13.— Inquiries
made at the Foreign Office here to-day
relative to the statement that Canada had
not agreed to the Bering Sea arbitration
treaty, elicited the statement that an
entente nn the subject between Secretary
of State Olney and Sir Julian Pauncefote,
the British Embassaclor, was quite possible,
but that the Foreign Office had not heard
of it.
Fire in a <ilnss Factory.
BALTIMORE, Md.. Jan. 13.— The ware
house and shipping department of Win
dell Bros.' glass factory was burned to
night. The loss is $UO,OOO, fully insured.
SAN JOSE DECISION.
Miss Pyle Triumphs in Her
Breach of Promise
Action.
AWARDED BIG DAMAGES
Capitalist Piercy Must Pay
$12,000 for Wronging the
Woman.
HE WILL APPEAL THE CASE.
Counsel for the Young Defendant Will
Request a Stay of Pro
ceedings.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 13.— The jury
trying the suit of Miss Jessie Pyle against
Edward M. Piercy for $50,000 damages for
breach of promise to marry returned a
verdict in favor of Miss Pyle to-night, fix
ing the damages at $12,000. Immediately
the attorneys for Piercy gave notice of a
request for a stay of proceedings and inti
mated that an appeal to the Supreme
Court would be taken should Judge Rey
nolds refuse to grant a new trial.
When court convened this mornine one
of the jurors was absent because of illness,
but it was stipulated by both sides that
the case proceed without him. William P.
Veuve, Miss Pyle's lawyer, made the clos
ing argument, and at 12:45 o'clock the case
went to the jury.
On the first ballot the jurors stood eight
for a verdict for plaintiff and three for de
fendant. After several hours of discussion
upon the evidence, a verdict for the plain
tiff was agreed upon, and they then pro
ceeded to ballot upon the amount of dam
ages.
On the first ballot on this question the
amounts favored ranged from $4000 to $f>o,
--000, with an average of $17,000. The sec
ond ballot was for about $12,0 i/), and upon
this the jurymen agreed.
Piercy is a well-known capitalist of this
city, and has, since the organization of the
Populist party, taken an active interest in
its affairs.
MA.I>E DESPERATE BY J EALOUSY.
Attempted Suicide of a Girl Still in Her
Tr.eni.
SAN JOSE, Cat,., Jan. 13.— Lizzie Melen
son, aged 19 years, attempted suicide last
night by taking corrosive sublimate. She
was discovered by friends and medical as
sistance summoned in time to save her life.
The attempt at self-destruction was the re
sult of jealousy, as the girl believed he
lover had proved faithless.
Committed to Agnews.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 13.— Mrs. Amy
Corder, aged 17 years, of Mayfield was
committed to Agnews Insane Asylum by
Judge Loriean this afternoon. She h;is
been suffering from insomnia, and lately
has become possessed of the idea that her
friends were trying to kill her.
House- Breakers Sentenced.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 13.— John Schaffer
and Tom Jones, who pleaded guilty to
looting the house of Manuel Pacheco, near
Alviso, were this morning sentenced to
one year each in San Quentin by Judge
Lorigan.
JTenzo Clinton* IFhcreabouta.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 13.— Menzo Clin
ton, the contractor who absconded about a
month ago with $3000 belonging to sub-con
tractors and workmen, id believed to be in
Mexico. It is said that a few days ago he
sent his wife $100 in a letter.
HEALTH LAWS.
DIAHRHEA..
Avoid diarrhea by cleansing the bowels
and keeping them regular.
• *.
Unripe fruits sometimes cause diarrhea—
don't eat them.
***
* •
An ounce of blackberry brandy every
two hours should be taken . while the
watery discharges continue.
'. ***
* *
Then use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. .
* * *
Decomposed foods in the bowels cause
diarrhea; regulate your bowels with Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
* *
When you have diarrhea avoid ice-cold
drinks, and right after the flux has ceased
use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla mod-
erately.
*
«**
Diarrhea may be caused from a pro-
longed torpid liver— then it .is nature's
method to regulate thebowel3; you should
assist nature by tne use of Joy's Vegetable
Barsaparilia.
' ** »
When you suffer from cramps use hot-
cloth application, drink a little whisky,
and when the cramps have ceased use
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
*
* *
Catarrh of the bowels causes chronio
diarrhea, and this condition is surely re-
lieved with the moderate use of Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Diarrhea may be the result of dyspepsia,
and this, too, is remedied by your using
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla moderately.
• *« '
Don't eat greases and fats when you have
diarrhea. Don't eat fruits when you nave
diarrhea.
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood Phonld send at
/ijSJSs once for a book
jj^sPj that explains how
/*^*St\ full manly vigor
I* <w—2^K * s eas ily» quickly
\ Yj. J/t>k ,*s\ ant permanently
restored. No man
ff^^c-n^ri^yJm suffering from
/ / _ IWYin weakness can af-
■ \/^^S£&' J IfflJdt ford to ignore this
)L v^Si n/'jn timely advica.
S£Z&y w — tLJb*£W Book tells how
*-*^^ v "^ i^^e>full strength, de-
velopment and tone aro imparted to ever/
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) fret to any man on application.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., BUFFALO.N.V.
HONEY TO 10AK'3SSrS
and improvements, for repayment in a DKFIXITK
XIJIBEK ot monthly installments, to suit bor-
rower. A pply to the CALIFORNIA 01'ARAXTE.h;
IJSViiSTJIEN'r CO.. 320 Montgomery St., S. *".
34
SALT LAKE CAMPAIGN
Senatorial Aspirants Are
Diligently Seeking
Votes.
TRUMBO'S RISING STAR.
His "nance to Secure the Plum
Appears Now to Be the
Best.
SOME SUPPORT FOR CANNON.
Many Influential Friends Are Stren
uously at Work in His
Behalf.
SALT LAKE, Ttah. Jan. IS.— The Slate
l&ture La now in session, mainly occu
pied with legislation in r Eerence 10 tiie
judiciary of the State. To-day a bill was
enacted defining the terms of the District
Courts, etc.
The first ballot for United States Sena
tors will he taken on Tuesday, January 21,
and in the meantime the candidates are
each and all waging a vigorous campaign.
Most of them have opened headquarters
at one or another cf the leading hotels and
are freely dispensing hospitality to all
comers, members of the Legislature in
particular.
George Q. Cannon, although he has
never yet formally declared himself a can
didate, has a half dozen or more influen
tial men working strenuously in his be
half, and there is no doubt but that he
would accept the office if it were tendered
him. There is just a little doubt that it
will be tendered.
Mr. Cannon has until to-day refrained
from announcing what his politics were,
but to-night it is authoritatively put forth
that he is a stanch Republican, believing
in protection and bounties and also in the
free coinage of silver.
Of the active candidates Arthur Brown
has a strong following and will in all
probability lead Judge Bennett.
Colonel Trumbo's chances, however, ap
pear to be the best. He is daily making
friends, and is considered by many the
most capable man to represent the State
in the Senate. Moreover, he has the sup
port of many of the leaders of the Mormon
Church, including that of Presidents
Woodruff and George Q. Cannon.
Appointments for Vtah.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13. -The
President tc-day sent to the Senate the
following nominations: J. A. Marshall of
Utah to be United States District Judge
for the District of Utah; J. W. Judd of
Utah to be United States Attorney for the
District of Utah; M. M. Erigham of Utah
to be Marshal oi the United States for the
District of Utah.
RAIN ALONG THE COAST
Farmers and Orchardists of the
State Are Benefited by a
Downpour.
Moisture and Warm Weather Give
an Impetus to Growing Fruit
and Grain.
SANTA CRUZ, Cat,., Jan. 13.— A steady,
light, warm rain of .60 of an inch fell to
day, making a total of about four incnes
for the season, which should have been
four times that quantity to meet the
average. The weather for several
weeks past has been warm and
bright, and farmers have complained
for nearly a month. They welcome
to-day's rainfall as the salvation of crops,
though it was not so badly needed as in
the Salinas Valley, where only slight rain
had fallen up to 7 o'clock this evening.
Reports from Watsonville say rain began
at 2 o'clock this afternoon and is general
throughout the Pajaro Valley.
SOyO3IA. FAKMKIiS FIiEASED.
Growing Fruit Greatly Benefited by the
Moisture.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 13.— A warm
rain fell steadily here to-day, and growers
of all kinds of produce and stockmen are
jubilant, 'lhe clear, snappy weather of
the past few weeks has brought out a
profusion of fruit buds, but prevented their
abnormal growth before gaining strength
and vigor to offset frosty mornings that
may come later. The present rain and
warm weather wiil rapidly force growing
crops and the feed on the ranges will soon
be in tine condition.
JHEyEFITS THE GJtAIS.
Merced Farmer* Are Bej;, icing Over the
Gentle Downpour.
MERCED, Cal., Jan. 13. — The cold
frosty weather prevailing here the past
month broke up this morning in a gentle
rain. A Letter feeling is already noticea
ble amone farmers, as the young grain
was sadly in need of rain. It has
come at the right time, and will do
a vast amount of good. The grain sown
in the sand north of this cit\* is in splendid
condition, and this rain will force its
grcv.th. Stockmen share in the general
good feeling over the arrival of the long
looked-for downpour.
Santa Clara County Drenched:
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 1.',.— 1t began rain
ing about noon, and continued with slight
interruptions all the afternoon. The rain
fail yesterday was .01 of an inch, making
the total for the season 3.02 inches.
Came, at the Jiignt Time.
HEALDSBURG. Cal., Jan. 13.-The
rain which is now falling came at the
right time for stockmen and farmers. The
grass on the ranges was getting short, but
the warm rain will start it to growing.
Crop prospects are excellent.
Mendodno's Uright I'rotpects.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 13.— it lias been
raining intermittently since yesterday
afternoon, resulting very beneficially to
the country. The rain is not heavy,
but warm. In consequence the prospects
of a good crop are unusually bright. Up
to date 9.87 inches of rain have fallen; in
the present storm .70 of an inch.
Fresno Farmers Are Pleased.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 13.— The rainfall
to-night is very beneficial to farmers.
SentenceU at Xttpa.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. VA.— Ernest Geiger,
the Mount Veeder farmer who last week
was convicted on two charges, grand lar
ceny and burglary, was sentenced to Fol
som to-day for twenty years— eieht for
trand larceny and twelve for burglary.
Geiger's attorney asked for a new trial on
both charges, but was refused by Judge
II am. The case will be appealed to the
.Supreme Court.
CARSON OPIUM SMUGGLERS.
Officers Find Fifty Pounds of the Drug
and a Counterfeit Mixture in
a Cache.
CARSON, New, Jan. 13.— United States
District Attorney Jones to-day found fifty
taels of opium buried in one of the stalls
at the racetrack. Lee Brooks, who hid the
drug there, recently left town and now is
serving sentence in the Washoe County
Jail for defrauding a Reno man out of $60.
A man named Jordan, who occupied a
cell with Brooks in jail some time ago, was
his confidante, and learned that Brooks
had a quantity of opium buried in one of
the stalls at the Carson racetrack. Brooks
wanted him, as soon as he was released
from custody, to take the ODiuro away so
officers would not find it. Jordan, instead
of doing as requested, immediately in
formed the Sheriff of Washoe County and
he came over yesterday and told the United
States District Attorney. Together they
went to the track and found one case of
opium, containing fifty boxes.
Some of it was a mixture of molasses,
etc., with which Brooks and his partner,
Harry Butts, are supposed to have duped
unsuspecting Chinamen, presumably show
ing them good opium and then selling the
mixture, which was similar to it in appear
ance. Three hundred pounds of the same
mixture was recently found at Washoe
. .
BATTLE WITH A TYPHOON.
Lieutenant Hortralto of the Balti
more Writes of His
Experience.
Prophetic Foresight of Captain Day
Probably Prevented a Great
Marine Disaster.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 13.— A letter
given to Captain Harrman of the Asiatic
liner Rhosina at Honolulu gives a vivid
account of the recent perils undergone by
the cruiser Baltimore during her recent
voyage from Yokohama, an account of
which has already been published in The
Call. The letter was written by Lieuten
ant Hortralto, and gives some facts not
published heretofore. It follows:
United States Steamer Baltimore, Hono
lulu, Dec. 26. — The United States steamer
Baltimore arrived in this port on Decem
ber 23. after a long and eventful passage
from Yokohama. The news of the Olym
pia's arrival on the Asiatic station reached
us in Shanghai, ju9t when the admiraj,
despairing of ever hearing from the relief
ship, had decided to sail for Hongkong
and South China. Had the telegram been
one day later we would have headed
south, and perhaps might have escaped
our subsequent misfortune?. On Decem
ber \ we le!t Yokohama and the Asiatic
stntion.
With a foresight that seems almost pro
phetic, and that no doubt most materially
assisted the ship in her hour of trial,
Captain Day had all movable weights in
the ship disposed so as to increase tne sta
bility, laying great stress on having bulky
things put as low as possible. The yards
were sent down and topmast struck, so i
that all wag made snug for whatever
weather we might encounter.
On the sth the gale was upon us, the
barometer falling fast and a heavy sea run
ning, with the wind from east northeast.
The engines had to be slowed down to keep
the seas from boarding the cruiser. Ne.xt
day the weather grew even worse. Heavy
seas swept the decks, doing much damage
to chests ana gear. By midnight the gale
had reached a most unusual violence, the
ship barely crawling through the water.
About 2 a. m. on the 7ta the forestay
parted. Two men, P. Jessen, boatswain's
mate, second class, and J. Shehan, ordi
nary seaman, ventured out on the
forecastle to secure this gear, when
an enormous sea boarded the ship, sweep
ing over the forecastle. Jessen was washed
overboard in spite of frantic efforts to hold
,on to the breakwater, gun-carriage and
rail. He could be clearly seen riding on a
high comber past the stern. Life-buoys
were thrown to him, but it would have
been suicidal to lower a boat, so this Drave
man was lost.
Shehan, who saw the sea coming, had
secured a hold on the foreyard, lowered on
deck, but was wrenched from this position
by the sea and washed forward, then aft
again, striking in various places, and
tinally landed on the lower deck, where
he was picked up unconscious. His leg
was badly contused, but he is doing nicely
now.
Thig sea was but one of many. In the
morning of the Bth the gale reached its
height; the sea was tremendous. Obser
vations taken show that the water reached
the wholly unprecedented height of 75
feet, the barometer still falling, reaching
its lowest point on the morning of the 9th,
2&5. During the height of the gale a chest
was washed against the quarterdeck
wheel, caromed against the quartermaster
doing duty named Goodman, and carry
ing away tne wheel. Goodman was in
jured, but not fatally. We then changed
to steer by the forward wheel, and in the
interval the ship was skillfully steered by
use of the twin screws.
STAXFORD &EBATES.
Student* Will Discus* the Nicaragua
Canal Question.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
13.— The second lecture of the series of
preliminary debates is scheduled to take
place to-morrow evening in place of the
usual weekly lecture. The question on
which arguments are to be given is: "Re
solved, That the United States should
build, own and operate the Nicaragua
Canal." H. D. Sheldon '96 and F. C.
Doty '96 are on the affirmative Bide of the
question, while the negative will be repre
sented by J. L. R. Haffey '98 and Out
calt '!*j. Considerable interest is being
taken in these debates by the students gen
erally and the second debate promises to
be fully as interesting as any that will
take place.
The heavy rains which fell here to-day
prevented the first day's baseball practice
which was to have taken place. The dia
mond is in excellent condition, however,
and practice will take place daily as soon
as the weather permits.
Trackmen and field athletes will get
down to work within a week, and from the
material in sieht Stanford should make a
good showing on the next intercollegiate
lield-day.
Ban tfose Medal- Winners.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 13.— At the
monthly shoot of Company B, N. G. C,
yesterday afternoon, Lieutenant Searle
won the handsome medal recently won
from the Schuetzen Verein team. Ser
geant Hnbback won the championship
class medal. The class medals were won
as follows: Private Wright, first class:
Sergeant Mann, second class; Private
Hannay, third class; Private Wood,
fourth class.
Choynshi to Retire. Soon.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 13.-Joe
Choynski, the California heavy-weight
pugilist, arrived in this city late Sunday
evening, and early this morning began the
hnisbing touches of his training for the
bout with Jim Hall before the New York
Athletic Club. Choynski says he is in
tirst-class condition and never felt better
in his life, and if he does not win next
Monday night he will quit fighting for
ever.
this SAJ* FKAJNCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
SANTA CRUZ SALMON
Phenomenal Run in the
Bay of Monterey
Continues.
HUNDREDS ARE CAUGHT.
Scores of Sportsmen Engaged in
Bagging the Gamy Rovers
of the Sea.
ATTRACTION FOR VISITORS.
San Franciscans Disport Themselves
With Success in Realms
Piscatory.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 13.— The phe
nomenal run of salmon in the bay of Mon
terey continues. The fishermen and
sportsmen who went out to-day bagged an
aggregate catch of more than 500. There
were twenty boats out, in spite of the
steady rainfall that began early this morn
ing, and the greater part of these carried
two or three persons.
The fish have been running since last
Thursday, but to-day's catch is the big
gest, and would no doubt have been
doubled had the weather not driven many
of the fishermen in early in the afternoon.
[From a photograph of thirty-seven salmon that were caught one mile from the wharf at Santa Cruz Friday afternoon after
lunch by H. Ihden. He caught thirty before lunch and shipped them to San Francisco on the 1:45 train and returned to. the
grounds after lunch and caught thirty-srven more. No fish are caught before 10 a. m., and from that hour until sunset they were
all in one Bpot. They were caught differently from last summer, when they bit at a spinning bait at the end of a fifty-foot troll.
On this occasion the boat was anchored and the fish were two feet from the bottom, and the men fished with a hand-line— no rod.
About twenty boats were out on Friday and they averaged twenty-five each. The weathar was so fine and tha sea so calm that
the fishing went on until dark.]
; There is no guessing when the salmon will
* leave. As to a diminution of them, they
' could not all bp taken in a week if all the
; sportsmen in the State were here. There
: is plenty of feed and the bay is full of sar
dines. Fish Commissioners Murdoch and
' Emeric, who returned to San Francisco
i to-day, said they believed the flah would
' remain here until the water in the Sacra
' mento River became muddy from the
! rains.
John R. Chace, proprietor of the Ocean
: House, went out this morning with that
| famous fisherman, "Big Jim" Jackson,
and was rewarded with fifty-live handsome
specimens, which he immediately shipped
by rapid express to E. T. Allen & Co., 41t>
Market street, where they will be exhibited
I to-morrow. Mr. Chace named twenty-one
j of his fish-eating friends there, each of
| whom is to have a fish, the remainder to
be retained by Mr. Allen. The Call is
remembered. Of this catch the heaviest
fish weighed is twelve pounds and the
lightest four pounds.
The whole country is enthusiastic over
the fishing, as it is the lirst heavy run of
salmon for five years, and is attracting
visitors from San Francisco and other
points.
SAXTA CRVZ WHIT EC ATS.
A Man and Woman Ordered by Citizen*
to Leave Town.
SANTA CRUZ.CaI., Jan. 13.— The Grand
Jury will pit here on Wednesday, and will
have considerable business to transact, if
indications can be depended upon. It is
reported to-night that the action of a num
ber of citizens on Saturday nieht, who
ordered a man named Sanborn and his
wife out of town, will be investigated.
Sanborn and his wife,who are very poor,
were charged by their neighbors with ill
treating a little girl whom they had taken
into work for her board. The charges were
of a very bad character, incriminating the
woman as an accessary to her husband.
The party of sixty who called upon them
Saturday night was headed by Judge Crag
hill, a Justice of the Peace, who informed
Mrs. Sanborn that unless they left town
within ten days they would be prosecuted.
Sanborn himself had left just before tha
party arrived. He came back Sunday, but
left again this morning.
The woman, who claimed that the child
lied abont her treatment, insisted on tell
ing her side of the story, which was
denied her. She complained yesterday
that she was without a place to
stay; that the promise to buy their
shanty by the party of visitors developed
into a $f> piece only, when the place was
worth at least $200. The woman is very
bitter against the people who ordered her
out of town, and as she has several days
to remain is likely to tell her story to the
Grand Jury.
BOLD 8 VIS BURGLARS.
Murderous A»anuU Made Upon a Chinete
Cook in a Hotel. -
SUISUN, Cal., Jan. 13.— Burglars made
a murderous assault upon a Chinese cook
in I. Buzzini's hotel at an early hour this
morning. Two men had broken into the
building and were in the dining-room,
through which the Chinaman passed on
the way to the kitchen. He received a
stunning blow and raised an alarm.
Boarders immediately hurried to his res
cue, but in the meantime the ruffians
made good their escape, leaving a bloody
cudgel and a hat behind.
The men were evidently familiar with
the entrance to the building, and it is
thought their intention was to rob the
barkeeper, who was the first to open up
the house. The Chinaman will lose his
left eye, and his face is severely cut.
CAPE BEALE WRECK.
A Schooner Believed to Be the Kilmeny
Driven Upon the Rocks— Fate of the
Crew Unknown.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 13.— The second
wreck occurring within the last fortnight
on the southwest coast of Vancouver
Island has just been reported, and from
meager particulars received it is believed
that tne lost vessel was the little sealing
schooner Kilmeny of this port, she having
left here for the west coast to secure an In
dian crew on Friday last. Her identity,
though not positively known, is pretty
well guessed at from the information that
the last letter of her name is "Y."
The news was first brought to Alberni
by Indians, who stated that a schooner
was oil the rocks five miles west of Cape
Beale. Thinking that this news had refer
ence to the bark Janet Cowan at Carmanah
Point. William Christie, the manager
of the Canadian Pacific Railroad office,
who got the telegram, paid little attention
to it, and having to leave town at the time
made no inquiry until yesterday mornine,
when he received the following message
from Alberni:
Mrs. Patterson, who has just arrived from
Cape Beale, corroborates the report that a
schooner is wrecked at Bamfield Creek.
She is a total wreck. The last letter of her
name is "y," and she thinks the letter "r"
is also in the name.
The Kilmeny was a twenty-ton vessel,
built here in 1894, and was under charter
to Cantain M. Hallgram. Her crew con
sisted of Mate A. Anderson. C. J.| de
BIG CATCH OF SANTA CRUZ SALMON.
Grand, George McLean and H. J. Clark.
Whether all have been lost could not be
ascertained to-day, but it seems strange
I that if any survived they would noi have
made their way to a telegraph office near
by and report the matter.
The weather on the coast has been very
i stormy of late.
SANTA BARBARA ROMANCE
Pedro Ruiz Wants Pay for Hav
ing Boarded and Nursed
Augustus Den.
Sensational Claim Filed Against a
Recently Wedded Scion of
Aristocracy.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 13.—
Santa Barbara is prolific in sensational
lawsuits. The latest was filed at a late
hour to-day by Pedro Ruiz acainst Au
gustus H. Den, a member of an aristo
cratic family of native Californians and
one of the heirs of the late Dr. Den of Los
Angeles.
Augustus Den was recently married to
Miss Devine, a daughter of Judge Devine
of Sacramento, and close upon the heels
of this wedding ceremony comes the
astonishing claim of Ruiz, who declares
that for twenty- four years he has "housed,
boarded, cared for "and nursed the said
Augustus H. Den," and he demands there
for the modest sum of $24,000.
THEIR CAPTIVE AX HEIR.
Identity of the Man Who Will Sue Lot
slnffeles Policrtntn,
SANTA BARBAUA, Cal., Jan. 13.—
People who were interested in James L.
Fitzgerald, the Santa Barbara claimant to
an Irish estate consisting of $6,000,000,
have been marveling over Fitzgerald's un
accountable disappearance, which oc
curred last Octobor. The solution of the
mystery is apparently found in a recent
dispatch from Los Angeles to The Call,
which stated that international complica
tions were threatened in the proposed
damage suit of one J. L. Fitzgerald, who
alleged that while quietly and peaceably
walking along the streets of that city in
October ne was forcibly seized by four
minions of the law and hurried off to the
City Jail, from which he had only re
cently been released. He acknowledged
that he ruade violent resistance to this
outrage, both before ana after his incar
ceration.
As Fitzgerald suffered a similar extraor
dinary experience in Santa Barbara, which
he resisted in the Barrio violent manner,
and afterward related the episode in pre
cisely the same phraseology as appears in ]
the Los Angeles dispatch, there is. little
doubt but that the missing heir has been
rediscovered and that the Los Augeles po
lice have been entertaining a second Roger
Tich borne unawares. '
I- a - of a Merced Bandit.'
aikkl'JSD, Ual., Jan. 13.— Frank Jvellett,
charged with robbing the Coulterville-
Merced stage last summer, pleaded guilty
in the Superior Court to-day, and was sen
tenced by Judge Law to ten years at San
Quentin.
MARE ISLAND NEWS
Work on Coast Defenders
Not Allowed to
Lag.
PROGRESS AT THE YARD.
Three Monitors Which Would
Protect San Francisco From
Attack.
MISSION OF THE MONTEEEY.
Will Ply Between the Yard and San
Diego Conveying Orders to the
Flagship.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 13.— The Ranger
and tug Unadtilla were both placed in the
drydock the latter part of the week, it
being the first time since its completion
that two vessels of this class have been
placed in the dock at the same time. The
hulls of each have been scraped and will
be given two or three coats of paint. After
the Raneer is out of dock her boilers and
engines will be removed for the purpose
of making room for the construction de
partment ironworkers to put in a new
inner steel bottom. The boilers and en
gines are in good condition and will re-
quire but very little work outside of the
iabor employed in unfastening and fasten
ing them in ttie ship. After this work
lias been completed the ship will be re
coni missioned.
The engines of the monitor Comanche
have been run and turrets revolved, each
being found in excellent order. In nearly
all respects the monitor is good for a long
time to come. During the coming week
phe will bo again hauled out to her former
berth at one of the upper buoys. If there
had been sufficient men to have manned
her she would undoubtedly have been
given a bay trial, which it is considered
should be done, even if for the time being
a crew has to be taken from the Adams,
to familiarize the men with her workings.
The next time she leaves the buoy it will
be to take her in dock to be painted.
The monitor Monterey will leave the
yard Tuesday for Sausalito or San Fran
cisco. If she goes first to the City it will
be for the purpose of securing a number of
men to complete her crew, which is short,
owing to the transfer of a portion to the
Boston before the latter left the yard.
The Albatross is expected to leave the
yard within a couple of weeks for San
Francisco, there to remain some time.
Several new skylights are being made for
her at the yard. She is newly painted and
makes a fine appearance lying, alongside
the wharf.
Word was received from the department
at Washington last week asking how long
it would take to put the Monadnock into
condition for sea. It was also ordered that
a force of men be put upon her to hasten
the work. It will be the Ist of March be
fore she can be pronounced actually in
readiness. The after guns have been
hoisted in the turrets and their long
muzzles now point outboard in threaten
ing insolence. The other two guns will be
set as soon as possible. There is much
yet to be done, though it is mostly the fin
ishing of the work in hand. This, how
ever, could be done after she was in com
mission, if it was required to tit her for
actual service before the Ist of March. The
Monadnock is already assuming a monitor
like appearance, and with the Monterey
and Comanche lying in San Francisco Bay
the residents of the metropolis can rest
assured that no battle-ship could come in
through tl>e Golden Gate without the es
pecial aid of a divine providence.
There are scarcely any old man-of-war's
men at the yard, or on either of the ships
or "guards," but say they would take their
chances in the Comanche and fight her
against two ships of the class of the Balti
more and Boston, or against any battle
shii) afloat. There is but little on her for
a target, while the cruisers and battle-ships
are so high out of water that they would
be '-easy game" for gunners.
The Adams is nearly ready and will prob
ably be sent down to Honolulu within a
short time.
The Petrel and Baltimore and perhaps
the Bennineton are the next vessels to
come to the yard and it is very necessary
they should be here before long if it is pro
posed to retain the present working force
in the steam engineering department.
Something unusual was to be expected
of tbe Monterey in view of the order sent
down to stow 200 tons extra of coal and to
put on all the provisions that could be
stowed aboard. This has been done, but
it is learned that the monitor will simply
hover between here and San Diego and
Santa Barbara. The orders are to keep in
touch with the flagship Philadelphia for
the present with headquarters at San
Diego. From there the Philadelphia will
go to Santa Barbara unless present plans
are changed. No one can tell what the
cipher dispatches to Admiral Beardslee
are when they are received from the de
partment except Flag-Lieutenant Stoney
and the admiral after they have worked
them out. The system is so carefully
guarded that in passing over the lines no
one can gain the faintest idea of their im
port.
HELD TO THEIR CONTRACT.
West Virginia lirrwer* Made to Fay for
Purchased Hops.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 13.— A tele
gram has. been received in Santa Rosa an
nouncing the victory of Horse Bros., the
Sacramento hop-buying iirm, over the
Raymond Brewing Company of Wheeling,
W. Va.
The brewing company bought a large
invoice of hops from Horse Bros., and
upon delivery refused to receive them,
claiming they were not first-quality hops.
These hops were raised in Mendocino and
Sonoma counties, and depositions of a
large number of growers here were re
cently taken by hop experts and forwarded
to Wheeling. The court decided that the
hops were up to first-grade standard, and
the sale contract was sustained.
The bottom fell out of the hop market
soon after the sale was consummated, and
this is supposed to have been the cause of
the trouble.
Arrested at Petaluma.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 13.— Frank
Ruske, charged with grand larceny, was
arrested last night at Petaluma by Deputy
Sheriff Dougherty. Rnske broke into a
little store in Santa Rosa Friday night and
stole valuable plunder. He is also charged
with forgetting to pay a board bill here.
THE HEALDSBURG FEUD.
Further Bloodshed Feared When
Rose Recovers From His
Wounds.
He Refuses to Prosecute Truitt and
Says He Will Settle the Matter
in His Own Way.
BA.NTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 13.— Now that
J. W. Rose, the Healdsburg man recently
shot by R. K. Truitt, a fellow-townsman,
is rapidly improving, the public are giv
ing opinions on what may follow when the
men meet again.
It is reported on good authority that
Rose has refused to appear against Truitt
in the courts, saying that he would settle
the matter in his own wsy when he was
fully recovered. Friends of both men are
fearful that ona of them will be killed in
the near future.
Rose, the wounded man, is known as a
good friend and a bad enemy. He has
strong likes and d'slikes and does not
hesiiate to express decided opinions about
men and things. He is a man of magnifi
cent physique, being considerably over six
feet in height and well proportioned.
He is a veteran of the late war and
occupies a prominent place in G. A. R.
circles. Brigadter-General Warfleld of tbe
California Hotel, in Ran Francisco, for
merly a Healdsburg banker, cau testify to
the strong enmity Rose brings to bear on
persons he dislikes.
R. K. Truitt, the man who did the shoot
ine, is considered capable of taking care of
himself. He, too, is a war veteran. He
served the tirst two years with tbe Confed
erates, then made his escape by swimming
the Red River and joined the Union forces
then operating in Texas.
Since settling in Healdsburg he has been
interested in stock, in addition to other
pursuits. He was a peuce officer for a
number of years. His later life has been
one in which a gun is considered a handy
adjunct, and he baa the reputation of be
ing lively on the draw and able to place
his bullets about where he pleases.
Owing to the prominence of both men,
ively interest is taken in the affair and
there is being evinced all over the county
much speculaiion, not unmixed with ap
prehension as to the future.
NEW TODAY.
Bring
■ana—"*" ■^^^—Bi^ ni
THE
Boys
To see our New Line of Cloth-
ing at the New Store ; Bigger,
Better and Cheaper than ever
before — and we always did lead
in Boys' Clothing.
$3.50, Worth $5.
Double-Breasted Suits,
in three shades of slates
and browns; ages 9 to 14.
Double seat and knees.
$8.50.
Handsome Blue Cheviots.
Double-Breasted. Agesli
to 10. Durable and dressy.
Reduced from $10.
$6.50."
Brown Tweed Suits,
strictly all wool. Ae:es 14
to 19. Excellent value.
Reduced from $8.
~52.50.
An elegant new line of
Men's Trousers, in latest
patterns. Well and styl-
ishly made. From $£50
up.
Everything is new in the New Store;
excellent light. The Newest, Handsomest
Stock of Men's, Boya 1 and Children's Fur-
nishings ever seen in San Francisco.
CARROLL
& TILTON,
811 MARKET ST.,
FLOOD BUILDINQ.
/ I^/1 /ii I \
1 1 s__
Moral.
Use the great Hudyan.
You can get it only from the Hudson Medical
Institute.
HUDYAN cures certain forms of nervous dis-
eases, certain forms of liver and kidney trou-
bles, lost manhood, wasting diseases.
Circulars and testimonials free.
HUDSON MtDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLOOD- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored tpots, ulcers Jn mouth,
old sores and falling hair. Yon can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
LIVER- When your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and nanv that, you really
do not have. You need a jrood liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapla
lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kHneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing a^out your kidneys and how to make tha
test. Tho book, "A Knowledge of Kidney 3,"
sent, free. __
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Markat and Ei.sSts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOK
MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT.
WE M)E SELUNG CHEAP,"
We are pleased to state to our numerous cus-
tomers who have been awaiting the arrival of our
celebrated ALASKA SEAL SHOEB that the
shipment arrived yesterday, and we are now pre-
par-d to supply iti.ir demands. The Alaska Seal
«hoes are jruarantr-M to be waterproof, ami aa
they are easy on the fe"t an<! give good wear they
are ready sellers, and the price,
$3.00,
Is within tho reach of all. We carry them in T,a<-i>
and Congress, with medium broad toes and i - >a
and <:ouble soles. We also carry them for Youth*
and Boys at tne following prices:
Youths', sizes 11 to 2 «1 75
Boys', sizes '2,\'- t to 6V2 2 00
„_ __ _ .■; ■ ■ w* :■ .
Ifitall^la^ft^Jm. 1 m F~^TBvWhei^^te J f I*l £4 n 1 I'll 1 1 I ~ t
Ladles who wear Oxford Ties should take notice
that we are selling Cloth-Top Oxfords with Don-
gola Kid Vamps, with either pointed or medium
snuar* toes, with patent-leather tips, for $1 50.
Those Oxfords, helni? hand-turned, are very easy
on the feet and require no breaking in. They nr.»
neat fitters and wear well and retail regularly for
?.\OO.
I Uui ft Jf #
Parents are reminded that we carry the best
School Shoe's in this city, and ihat we are prepared
tos?!! tln-m Cheaper than our competitors. We
are selling Dongola Kid BoUOBS with patent-
ieatin-r tips, or Oennlne PebbJe Oratn Buttons f,
with spring beeis, donbls soles and toecaps, at the
following low prices:
Child's, sizes 8 to 10Va..... %t-\ 75
Misses', sizes 11 to " 1 00
WE HAVE NOT MOVED.
J^-Country orders solicited.
jes-Send for New Illustrated Catalozaa.
Address
• B. KATCHINSKJ.
10 TblrJ Street, San Franolioo. h
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO>
B»ay y\ q*y SiH ~mf
TSTHEVERY BEST lo EV llfim vr.rr
I eyes and at them to Spectacled £ i OUIi
with Hwtrumenu of vis own iVf r .. fcyeBliia3 '' 1
.uperiortty ha. r.ot been equaled I^ccolV^
been du>» to the merits of ruy work. y * acOOM ***
Office Houra-ivi 10 4 r.il ortFAVORITES LIKE SLUSH
Four Out of Six First Choices
Captured Their Races at
Ingleside.
IMP. STAR RUBY IN FRONT.
Ransom, a 30 to 1 Shot, Practically
Neglected in the Betting, Won
Impressively.
Ali hough r.iin as a general thing plays
havoc with form, four out of six favorites
rleside yesterday landed purses. The
were badly dumped though on one
the fifth, which swept awayconsider
f the day's proiits. .lack Richelieu
and Perseus were both Heavily backed to
Win, going to the post equal choices in the
betting. Perseus fell down while romp
ins to the front, and the best Barney
Bchreiber's old horse cou'd do was to end
up third. Ransom, a 30 to 1 shot, was in
front most of ihe way and won easily.
The attendance was good and the pen
cilers were kept busy handling the coin.
Ten started in the opening event, a six
furlons sprint, with Braw Scot ruling a
hot even-money favorite. Good odds were
laid about all of the other starters. The
gray won. but only after a hard struggle
With the one-eyed Pescador, who suc
cumbed at the end by a neck onJv. Mol
lie R finished in the "show.
Ed Corrigan's Tenacity, the 8 to 5 choice, |
finished behind Wyoming in the next
race, over seven and a half furlongs. Wy
oming, who was well supported at 3J^ ana
4 to 1. was ::i front the entire way, winning
handily by a couple of lencths. The m
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Twenty.Rijrhth Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Wet.
1 Track Sloppy. Ingieside Track, Francisco, Monday, January !3," 1896.
>>')< FIRST RACE— Sis furlongs; sellinc; th.ee-year-olds ai
iWO. pnrsf *400.
Index.' Horse, ago, weight, I St Vi i 2 3 4 str.
j '
(521) Braw Scott, a 107: 3 6h 4 2 S2
434 i l'esrador, a 105 1 lh 11 11
.■>-'7 jy.ollle R, 4 .9?; 5 1 3h -2 h 2 8
511 Last Chance, 6... 109 7 4h 5 2 5
501 I Eventide, 3 82 8 1 7 5 I 6 4 6
516 |I>eonville. 5.......10S 2 8V 2 8 7
4HO j Pollock, 3 95 9 1 9 9 8
521 Pecksniff, 5 105' 4 1 2h 32 44
(5(15 Jor Hill. 6 107 8 5 1 7 9
517 Cncertaiuty, a ...105 10 | ] 10 10 10
nd upward; conditions; allow
i Fin. j Jockeys. l o^ el
1 % I thorn 1
•2 4 McHugh 8
3 4 ftarner 6
4 3 DOggett 5
6 4 Hewitt 3
64 Pigftott 5
7 3 K.lsom 10
8y 2 BeiKi-n 15
920 McClain 15
10 Shields 8
:ious;
ranees ;
ittlng.
UL
11-10
15
4
8
6
12
20
20
75
•20
i
Fin. j
Jockeys.
a!
«>!'•
UL
Won handily. Winner, B. Schrelbers gr. g., by imp. Midlothian-Helen Scratch. Time,
■
P>*)Q BECOND RACE— seven and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; penalties; purse f4OO.
Index. \
Horse, weight. St. *A ! 3 :< + str. Fin. I Jociceys. ! o Bett:
106 2 1i 2 lin Iy, 11, 12 Shields.. . 3
514 Tenacity 106 1 Sh 41.. 410 SI 21 Bergen . '"', 6-5
513 Daylight 104 A 21 •_■ h 2) 28 82 Piunut 6
SOI I■.. :■ ..... 99 4 4 4 SI SI 415 4 -JO Garner... !....." 16
-110 5 1 5 6 5 6 ."■ J. Walker. 6
JocKeys.
i Betting.
« 'l'- ft.
:in«r.
<-'t.
3
8-5
H
7
6
:. Won handily. Winner. J. ft. Brown & Co.'s b. c, by Pardee-Caprice. Time, l:38y 2 .
'Vil) ' " lIiIJ JtA( -' t: ~ One mile: four-year-oldsand up; conditions; purso S4OO.
Index. | Horse, age, weight, J St. i 4
626 KM Kearney, 5.... 117 1 2h
5-Jt! Nephew, 5 117 3 1V 3
521 Fnrtuna, 4 112 4 4h
497 i>o Xl Key, 5 117 2 3 3
45)4 I Flashlight, 4 112 5 5 5
626 iModerocio, 4 107 6 6
| %'■ 3 /* Str. 1 Fin. j Jockeys. | o BeU
2V 2 2 3 lii 11 Dongett ; ~~1
1 \i lh 2 5 'Jl'.. Ballard 10
5 6 5 6 4 2 3 6 Coady 10
3 8 8 8 3 h 44 (horn 4
4 1 4 2 5 6 5 3 Shields 7
16 6 6 6 I Garner 4
I Betting.
op. a.
ting.
Cl.
1
SO
100
15
5
<;r>fHl s:art. Won easiiy. Winner, (Jeorge E. Smith's eh. h. by Tom Ochiltroe-Medusa. Time
1 :46 ' 4. '
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs: thre«-vear-olds and upward; handicap; purse $500.
ndex. I Horse, age, weight, j St. i i/i | 1/2 s i str. Fin. Jockeys. Bettlog.
I I I I . ( >P- Cl.
.VJ4 jimp. Star Ruby,4.109: 4| 41! ■ 4 2y 3 11 1 '.• .1 1 14 Do *?etl. ..777777 Th B^s
MO Logan ,iv... ■•—I" 1 1 i/ 2 2 1 21/2 2 2 2 1 .. 2 Ballard 8 8
524 (Instaliator, 4 I<>B '-' 2 2 lh 3 3 3 4 310 Plggott i 4 6
514 A!lß«ba.s 87 3 3 i/ 2 R h 510 4 2 4 8 % ■ Hesitt}^~^! 5 6
50b Orady. 3 90 6 6 5 4 41, 510 510 R. Isom l 8 15
502 LMisaXorma, 4..,. 841 5I 5 h 6 6 6 I 6 "a rne^! "'".'.'.V. 10 10
Root
1:29 x-
•
inner,
532 ' ' ' '" K .- A< " K ~ Seven and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up: conditions: pen.il-
.T. Horse, age, weight. St.
V 4
y 2
1
3 /i
Str. Fin.
Jockeys.
I Bet tin?.
on. a.
504 Ransom. 4 103! »> 18 28 13
516 Foremost,4 98' 7 515 4Vi hi,
(440) Jack Richelieu, a.104 1 21 11" '_» 5
429 Allahabad, 4 98i 4 4h 3 l/ 2 4
604 j May Day. 5....... 104] •_' 6 i-i i 6 1 5
481 IKico, a 105! 6 74" 63 6
611 |<iini;er,s 99 8 8 7 7
483 Perseus. 6 88 3 3% \* '
1 4
3 2
23
4
6
c I
7
1 8 K. .lones 15
2M| I'iggott 4
3 3 Chorn. i
4 a it. Brown 30
5 3 Coady 10
620 B«rgen id
7 Frawley '20
llf-witt 2
•25
15
7-5
60
30
26
100
7-5
i
(iood st»rt. WoneasUy. Winner. V. F. Sanders' eh. r.. by Algerine-Neili« Kansom.
 *Fe 11 w tbr* e-etgbtha pole.
At post 15
OQ sixth RACE— Sis furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; allowances-
Index. j Hone, age. weight, j St. IVi] V 2 % I Str. Fin. j JocKeys.
(518) :itc.vdelßandidos,3.92J 1 ... : i 1 2~~ Garner
497, Usmore, 6 106 2 | ... ... . 3 2 2 Shields""'
•(144) iArist,s 110 6 . 4 32 Chorn
619 Morven.6 107 4 2 43 KJonVs
495 Tonuo. a 109 3 5 i ReiiMHv
475 lLongLady.3 94J 6 1 •• Y.h {{ ... 6 . „.... S^ : "
Betting.
Op. ci.
6-5
3
3
5
8
6
6 5
6
IS
9
3
8
< ,<
:1 7 J
Winner, Lone stahiesch. c, by imp. True Briton-Emma Collier. Time
'■•'I 1 1 1 > aftpr lT'-itkiii'--.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Clubj Ingleside Track.
«3ist»rce B ar/K^en re "^ bOne * have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
Abbreviations— F., fast; Ka., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST ItACE— Five and a l.alf furlongs: selling; maiden three-year-olds.
I Best i r I ~~~ ~ ~~
Ind^- Name. I Lbs j record. Di s t. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
'05 !p&to 103 ••• ~~ A. B. sprprkel..~ Film" imp. Petroleuse
S VfflMn? ioi H. w. Kobprts Imp. Brutu*by Kelpie
164 -', \M..i'" ' 10- J.C. Humphrey... Ed Corri K an-Clmrloite
IS| I^-'k,;, ,V [Si Ab,.rd.-M8fiit.1,... .. Kst.Tiin K -AlMeh
Ma rf..rn \V "5,,;, ' "'im W. S. II,,!! Flambeau-Flam
"87 Ir"neK 1^ ' Wilson & (Jill is Imp. Sir Modred-Bedotte
' ' Little Inniui.- 103 > !■• Abrahams El Klo Rey-Ogalena
■•'■■wi' « oho i n^ E. Corrigan I ongfellow-liena B
4RS MnbtlT 110 l ! B. Schreiber Imp. Keene-Pinkey
488 [M.tbell ,301 1 •'•••■l--i8anCiementesi^bie Major Ban-Acquito
BSCJOKD KA( I- Seven turlongs: sei.ing.
Index.
Name.
I Best I 111
Lbs | record. l Dist. 'Lbs|Tk.|
468 Zoolein 104 1 :lfti. 4 «l j()'J M P -*~ m Z- 7~, — "
( «g] , ..,„ Mil!, r . 110 lh3s 6 f 1,6 F.. V Held Lofd^Km^
( 487 Mifn.u y ::::::: MS i fls a? 1 ' o '' V" •■ fektSflJi; SSMSi^s? 0 " 1^""
Wifinllant 101 1 •'■!'> 1/ 7f on ii «■.!.. Slabo " Imp. Mariiii'r-ijni'eii Emma
503 ißubeMur ...iIOi;i:133 6f 97 X... . KJen. 0^.::::;:;: S'^^n^.. Glen
TJIIRTi HACK— One mile; pur.ne.
Index.
Name.
Bent
LI ncord. j
; Dist.
Lbs
Tk.
Pedigee.
510 ("ncltMJiies J<>9 1:42 1 m
613 Al.ura<lo 91 1 : 1 7 1 ., t; ;
514 Kom;i I<<7 1 :4.'> 1 m
f>:>A) Moderoclo 101 1:16 Of
«! F«" PV /. l " a . st , ot ' lp Elßioßey-HeuieHumphr'y
BSH lwi°M Aralgo-SamaMargaretta
inn I' ri wo ,°' l 8. tkfilLrin - Im P- Brutus-Beauty
106 X.. ( 1,. .Morris A Co.. Imp, sir Mo.lred-I'reciosa .
fOI'HTH BACK— Two mllea: hurdle: handicap.
Index. '■
Name.
l.bs record. Dlat. I.b- Tk.
Owner.
300 April 1143 8:4384 2 m 160 F.. W. B. Dodd..  MrCrearv l!n.T r ~~~
.',09 Col Upightman 139 3:02 1% m IV6 H. A. O. Blakely ' " Warfel'hm Ms Me P
625 Mestor 135 2:4BV* j 1 V 2 m 130 F. F. Farrar..... . ' KaUetlo°\Vo^a?lc
525 Cicero 184 B.C. Hildreth nefenow H^lle rnirtt
491 A.1.-lante 180.no we. do rec. ... i .... |\V. .Stewart I". ; LWo ReT-O-alena X
FJtTH RACE— Six furlongs: gellinc
I | Best , ' " ~ ■ — "
Index.] Name. Lbs record. Dial., Lhs Tk. Owner. Pedlcree
881 Major Cook 106 1:20% 6% « 9Sir... F.M.Taylor .... Bulwark KU',.r ,„ vi n i» (
458 SIIBO 109 1:17 61 107 11.. s. C. Hlldreth... Tp Sir Pii-kwlrk it™
808 'Myrtle 11 79 1 :5<J 41/2' 104 F... T. .1. Roche ." ToKady .ini^ -?*"
620 Zarago/.-i 1061 . Rev Alfonso stable. Ip.Chevlot-Mess£ frnnitor
&17 Ashland Kclipse.. 100 11. E. Rowell 1.0 ■ ir I'l , s o"J?,,i« .
6*l Boreas SO 1:133,4 6f 103 F... G. Hose KoIUm OrSninco S
522 Kej.euter. 96 1:1«« 6% 1 102 fa .1. Urenock Rap lure- Vent
517 j.M1dd1et0n. ....... 99 l:U6»/ij5 t 106 H. . J. White :... Warwick 1 a v Middle-on
478 Sir Ge0rge........ 112 1:19 6f 107 H.. i. Kzell Spendthrift" "i cad ill?
430 Majrple 1104 J. M. Buckley talseuo-VivaSS'*
Jrisli Chief.. ...... !109i I ■■ H. T. Griffin j 1 ongfellow-Cabe
Bl X 111 HACK- Six furlongs; selling. . -: '■■'; .:,
: !
Imk-x.
Name.
I
V
Index. ''
Name.
Lbs record. , Dlst.
Lbs
Tk.
Owner.
458 Realization 102 l:O9Va 5 Vi f
45»> iriishland........ 10.V :....... .'• '
(47X)j.McNac S9 1:07- B V% 1
f.07 : o.n.rc- 99 1:13% •« I
619 All Over 109 1:30% 7f
623 Drametta ; 69|l:01Va 5 f
518 Heartsease 9A 1:14% 6f
337 Claude Hill \B9 65Vi 4 Vz 1
435 ,VV. L. ilunsou.. 99. j I
IU7 F... California stable : Hesent-Sudle
....}.... B. Schreiber Take Notic.-Picnlc
H9 F.. Hiirns.tWuiernouse Col. Ilephurn-Fdna
103 F... Klkionslabe iliilali:o-(i!en Ellen
111 F... I. Dunn.- lianovr- Deceit
901 F... I). A. iloni« Dramble-Retta
101 F... J. C. Humphrey — Imp. K'vrlc I)a1 v-Fxtract
105JF... J. o. Brown <fcco... imp. DecelT«r-Usefal
|....|....|Jt\ PkiUips |Spriugboii-Astori»
vorite, who was off in front when the flag
fell, and was taken back by Bergen, was
ridden out to beat Daviight a length for
place.
 f 'V c mile dash was taken very easily by
Ed Kearney, the even money choice. Five
of the original entries were scratched,
leaving six to face the flag. The outsider
Nephew raced out in front of the favorite
until nearing the bend for the wire, where
Dogt;ett shook his mount up and he drew
away and won by two lengths. Fortuna,
a 100 to 1 shot, was a good third. Yo El
R»-y was a Strong second choice, and after
Bhowing well for over half the distance re
fused to exert himself further. The dis
tance was. covered in 1 :4«!'
The seven-furlong handicap, with six
starters, was a splendid betting affair.
Imp. Star Ruby opened 111 the betting a
3 to "_' favorite, later receding to 11 to 5.
He was then played down to 7 to 5.
Logan, the second choice, carried a deal of
coin on his chances. Installator and Ali
Baba came in for a good share of consid
eration. The flag sent them away to a
pretty start, Logan end Installator soon
showing in the lead. The pair raced
beads apart until rounding the far turn.
At this point the favorite moved up, and
i as the stretch was reached hud assumed
I the lead, with Logan in second position a
I length before [nstaHator. The first choice
passed the wire a clever winner by a
Length and in a drive Logan managed to
keep his head in front of Installator, cap
turing the place.
Game Jack Richelieu opened a 6 to 5
chance for the fifth event, a seven-and-a
-half-furlong run, with eight starters. A
heavy play on Perseus, Ed Purser's entry,
I knocked liis price down from twos, until
' at post time it wa* 7 to f>, and take your
: pick against the pa ; r. The colors of the
i rank 30 to 1 outsider showed first as the
flag tell. Jack Richelieu had half a length
advantage over him when the turn down
i the back stretch was made, but Jones
' again got Ransom in the lead when
straightened out and gradually opening
up a trap, won easily by two lengths.
Foremost, a 20 to 1 outsider, outfooted
ttichelieu through the stretch, taking the
place. While makinc rapid strides toward
the front, Perseus fell near the five-fur
long post. Hewitt, his rider, was not in
jured.
With as good as 7 to 5 against him, Rev
del Bandidos led all the way, taking the
last race of the day at six furlongs as he
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
pleased. Lismore ran into place, with
Artist third.
Track and Paddock Items.
The Lone Stable had Rev Del Bandidos
entered in the last race for $200. When
put up to be sold Andy Godfiey, the owner
of Lisbon, who finished second, bid the
winner up to $1500, at which figure his
stable retained him with an additional $5
bid.
It now appears that Logan was in Cali
fornia one week before the papers made
note of his arrival. He was quietly condi
tioned at the Sacramento track.
Will Wallace backed Grady for an out
side chance in the handicap.
Billy Beverly had a swell bet down on
imp. Star Ruoy.
Even the wisest of plungers overlook
good things. Sam Muhlford backed Jack
Richelieu.
Otey Evans, one of the most popular
men on the block at the local track, has
been riding on the top wave of success of
late. He has won several thousand dol
ars for his employer, George Rose, the
last few weeks.
Regarding the boycott against the en
tries to stakes of the"St. Louis Fair Asso
ciation by the Owners' and Breeders' Asso
ciation of Lexington, Ky., Joseph A.
Murphy, one of the judges in the stand at
the Ingleside track, is in receipt of a very
lenethy telegram from Secretary J. K.
Gwynn giving the St. Louis Association's
side of the story. Arrangements have
been made with Oakley, Latonia and
Louisville whereby n conflict of dates for
the running of important stake events will
be avoided, and the tone of the dispatch
would indicate that the association fears
little trouble from the boycott.
TEACHERS MAY BE PAID
San Francisco's Share of School
Money Larger Than Last
Year.
Amount of State Funds That Will Be
Received by Each of the
Counties.
If the hopes and belief of the School De
partment no for anything the pay that was
withheld from the schoolteachers of San
Francisco during 1595 will be given them
some time during the present year, prob
ably soon after July 1.
The reason for this belief comes from the
statement of the apportionment of school
moneys which reached Auditor Broderick
yesterday from the hands of Samuel T. I
BlacK, State Superintendent of Public In
struction. The report is in part as follows:
Total number of census children between 5
ana 17 years of age entitled to receive school
money, 323,130; amount per child, $6 15.
Amount apportioned. $1,897,249 50; amount
unßpportioned, $1670 75.
The number of children who will benefit
by the apportionment, with the amount
each county will receive, is given as fol
lows:
Alameda, 28,153, $173,171 70; Alpine, 82,
$504 30: Ainador, 271<>, *1<;,70;{ 40: Butte.
4.208, $25,879 20; Calaveras. 2031, $10,180 65;
Colusa, 2179, $13,400 85 ; Contra Costa, 3094,
$22,71810; Del Norte, 559, $3437 85 ; El Do
rado, 2112, $12,988 BO; Fresno, 7425, $45,
--0(53 75; Glenn, 1440, $8856; Humboldt, 6443,
$39,624 45 ; Inyo, 975, $599(5 25": Kern, 2893.
$17,791 95; Kings, 2155, $13,253 25; Lake, ■
1688. $10,381 20; Lassen, 1128. $0937 20; Los j
Angeles. 34,243, $210,000 75; Madera, 1507, !
$92(53 05; Maria, 2704, $16,629 60; Mariposa,
107(5, .<titii7 40; Mendocino, 4833, $29,722 95:
Merced, 2018, $12,410 70; Modoc, 1307,
$8038 05; Mono, 301, $1851 15; Monterey,
5204, $32,004 60; Napa, 3528, $21,097 70;
Nevada, 4232, $26,026 80; Orangre, 4824, $29,
--007 60; Placer, 3278, $20,150 70; Plumtu, ]
959. $5897 85; Riverside, 4202, $25,842 20
Sacramento, 8008, $49,018 20; San Beflito,
2039, $12,539 85; San Bernardino, 0120, $37,
--693 35; San Diego. 8152, $50,134 80; San I
Francisco, 70,006, $430,539 90; San Joaquin, ;
7343, $45,159 45; H&n Luis Obispo. 5100, $31,
--770 90; San Mateo, 2911, $17,902 05; Santa
Barbara, 4729, $29,083 35; Santa Clara, 13 -
837, $85,097 55; Santa Cruz, 5543, $34 ,089 45;
Shasta, 3s6s, $21,924 75; Sierra, 844, $5190 60; I
Siskiyou, 3118, $19,175 70; Bolano, 4456 I
$27,404 40; Sonoma, 9225. $50,733 75; Stan- I
islans, 2304, $14,109 00; Sutter, 1330 i
$8179 50; Tehama, 2029, $16,168 35; Trin
ity, 716, $4403 40; Tulare, 5505, $33,855 75
Tuolumne, 1582, $9729 30: Ventura, 3592
$22,090 80; Yolo, 3592, $22,090 SO; Yuba
2045, $12,576 75. '
Secretary Beanston of the Board of
Education, after comparing the figures
with those of 1895, was very much pleased
with the result.
"Should the second installment of .
sctiool money, which comes in July," he
said, "compare favorably with that of last
year the board will be in a position to pay
the teachers their buck salary and still
have money to spare.
"In January, 1895, we received $387,
--771 30, against $430,539 90 for this year. In j
.lulvv, 1895, we received $229,10650, so that
if we receive a like amount in the coming
July the department will be allowed !
$600,000 for L 896.
"The estimated expenditures for the
present year are $610,000, leaving nearly
$50,000 over and above expenses. Tne
back salaries now owing teachers aggre- i
gate $18,154 45, so that there will be plenty !
and to spare, provided, of course, that the i
second installment does not fall below that
of 1895. We hope and believe that it will
not, and that the long-delayed payments
will be made before this year is out."
ECHOES TEOM THE PULPITS.
THK AKMEMANS.
Armenia, sitting in sackcloth and ashes, lifts
up her voice loud and long In lamentations
like that of the Prophet Jeremiah. Armenia
is passing through persecutions, Litter and re
lentless, by Turks who seem to be dehuman
ized, if not actually demoilized, and these per-
Becutiona have lasted so long as seem never i
lo end. The blood of thousands ol our slang)]- i
tered fellow-Christians in Armenia cries out to j
heaven as to the Christian people.— Rev. W. W. ;
Landrum, Baptist, Richmond, Va.
THE UNSPEAKABLE Tt.'l'.K.
Human lift: is, in some quarters, very cheap. !
Cruel tyrants have, for an idea, marshaled
their hosts to slaughter and to be slaughtered. !
The unspeakable Turk of to-day is the most I
conspicuous example of one who looks upon'
murder as one who lives it in his heart. He is !
breaking this holy law from day to day and i
the civilized world is permitting him to do it- j
The nations are playing their political game, j
while the Armenian Christians are slaugh
tered.—Dr. James McLcod, Presbyterian, Scran
ton, I'a.
THE VENE7AELA QUESTION.
What business have we. to be prodding Kng
land or Europe on its heanlessness concerning
the Turkish massacres in Armenia, and not
risking war in the interests of humanity there,
when without a moment's calm consideration,
and for a matter probably of no consequcuce
to us, and for a doctrine that has never been
formulated in the laws of nations— for v doc
trine which few understand and upon whose
interpretation the most intelligent Americans
are divided, we put Knglaml and ourselves
into false positions, from which it will he hard
for either country to withdraw with a full
sense of honor.— Rev. Denis Wortman, Saugar
ties, N. Y.
PURITY.
On the question of divorce the law of Moses
was almost as lax as the law of Maine, while
on the other hand the law of Christ is far less
Stringent than theiawof South Carolina— for
DO 'iivorce has ever been granted in that State.
It would be a happy day for this Nation if all
civil laws in all our States, touching this ques
tion of family purity, were brought into har
mony with the law of Christ. The devil of di
vorce is a most impuro as well as a most indus
trious devil, and ho canuot be sent too quickly
to his own place.— Key. Dr. McLeod, Presbyte
rian, Scran ton, Pa.
ATHEISM.
The most blighting atheism of the world Is a
moral atheism. A good life of helpful sympa
thies and good-fellowship among the people
Is likel? tO .-pread its contagion upward und
outward to God. Let a man ereaily lovo the
life that is near to him and it will expand to
the wider spares, and when he shall tlm* lind
the Great Spirit heshall rind that It is the Spirit
that creates all the glory of all the lesser love
and devotion of his heart. Keep the atheistic
void from brain and heart, but forever keep it
from the heart.— Rev. Dr. Rexford, Universal
fkt, Columbus, Ohio.
WORKING IT WITH WOMEN
How the Poolroom Men Got
Their News From the
Track.
ANOTHER SCHEME EXPOSED.
The Downtown Houses Are Losing
Money While Waiting for the
Bay District Races.
The downtown poolrooms are dying of
inanition. Hope, that most comforting of
the graces, stands alone between their
closing up shop immediately and the
opening of the Bay District track within
a couple of weeks.
They are not making a dollar; quite
the contrary, they are losing money daily,
ever since Edward Corrigan of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club leased the only wires
leading from Ingleside track and con
tracted with the Western Union Telegraph
Company so that no news over his wire
should be sent to City or foreign pool
rooms.
Their expenses have been eating them
up. They can stand this strain, however,
for they have substantial capital, but the
small fry have been obliged to close their
rooms.
The "Big Eight" are rejoicing over the
fact that the Supervisors failed to pass the
Wagner ordinance presented yesterday.
In this they are joined by every horse
breeder and lover of square racing in this
State, as the passage of such a drastic
measure would eventually have closed up
every racetrack in California, the only
Siate in which horses may compete in
speed the year around.
But it is not from this point of view that
the remaining downtown poolsellers regard
the case. In it they see that when the
j California Jockey Club's meeting at the
Bay District track reopens they will be
able to tret their news directly from the
course and run their business as of old.
There is no doubt in their minds that
tnere will be no interference at the old
track. Things will go on there as usual.
The book-makers' wheel, that gambling
institution which the other track has
barred out entirely, is to continue running
on the old stand. It cleared $101,000
of the public's money in the last six
months of steady racing before the Ingle-
Hide track opened. If that bread-and
butter winner is allowed to run the down
town poolmen know that the Bay District
officials will permit them to get the neces
sary racing news by direct wire upon their
paying the association $10 per room each
day.
There Mill be no necessity of stringing
out a mile or more of telegraph wire to be
shot down by Morse's detectives, no
bicyclists will be needed to speed frum the
track to the nearest telegraph or telephone
station, balloons will be useless whence to
view the races outside the track. Every
thing will be plain sailing, because there
is no oflicer of the California Jockey Club
who has that objectionable, though
earnest, fad of running horse-racing for
the sport ot the thing and not for
gambling purposes.
Hence the reason why the downtown
poolrooms remain open still in the face of
repeated arrests, general condemnation
and daily losses.
In the'nieantime the pool-sellers are not
letting the grass grow under their feet.
They are very frank and open in their
declarations, and they will not allow
themselves to I c forced out of their busi
ness. They state that it is their belief
they are conducting a legitimate business.
They base their claim on the Wallace de
cision that it is not against the law to con
duct a commission-house where money
may be placed for investment at the race
track. This they claim they do. The po
ll ■<: and the lower courts dispute them in
this, ai.d the matter is now before the Su
perior Court. In speaking of the matter
Jerry Driscoll says:
"If we are doing wrong we will quit, but
if we are not doing wrong we will not be
forced out. _ Why can't they wait for the
courts to decide before shooting down our
private wire?"
The best proof that the poolmen are in
earnest is the new tack they took yester
day to get their news. The wire which
Morse's men shot down Saturday night
was useless to them so they again resorted
to the bicycle-boys. The lads and their
"bikes' 1 were stationed outside of the track
wutnig for the returns from confederates
on the inside. When the first race was
over th • inside man rushed out, handed
one of the bicycle-boys a paper on which
was written the first three horses, and
away the wheelman sped to Twenty-ninth
and Mission streets. This worked all right
and the news was promptly received down
town.
"When the second race was linished affairs
did not move along so smoothly. The
guard at the gate was "onto" the work.
When the inside man tried to get out he
was stopped and the paper he carried was
taken away from him.
This was disconcerting, and another tack
had to be taken.
The rain was pelting down, and the
guard knew that no ordinary purpose
could induce any one to leave the track at
the time. As he was cogitating upon this
a charming - loosing young brunette,
dressed in the height of fashion, walked
up the covered passage-way to the gate.
She was a bit nervous and wanted to get a
messenger-boy. In her daintily gloved
hand she bore an envelope, which she
passed to an outsider and smilingly re
turned to the track.
The downtown poolmen got their second
race.
"I'm (tone," Cantain Callundan said as
the woman stepped gracefully past him on
her return trip. "What will those fellows
do next?"
It was but a few minutes later before an
other little woman want'd a messeneer
boy. She was sure she would lind one at
the gate.
Captain Callundan, with his usual gal
lantry, directed the lady to the secretary's
office inside. But that wouldn't do. The
woman became too nervous to hold the
paper she had hidden in her silken muff.
She knew she was suspected, and as the
slip fell to the walk she began to cry.
"I didn't want to do it," she sobbed.
"1 knew I couldn't do it right."
The paper she dropped had written
upon it the opening odds of the third
race. They never reached the downtown
poolmen.
After that only the wellknosvn patrons
of the tracu, those the guard felt positive
were not in with the poolrooms, were per
mitted to leave the track until twenty
minutes after each race.
This accounts for the long delays in the
poolrooms. Only two races were paid off
yesterday, and the remaining ones must
be paid off this morning.
Superintendent Storror of the Postal
Telegraph Company stated yesterday that
he had no intention to prosecute the men
who shot his company's San Jose wire
from its pole on Saturday afternoon.
"At best I could only secure the convic
tion of some subordidate," he said. "The
only thing I wish is for them not to do it
again, and Ido not think they will. It is
not an unusual thing for our wires to be
cut by house-movers, and, during the sea
son, hay-derricks all over the country
break down our wires. We simply fix
them up immediately — that's all." We
never attempt to prosecute the people. In
this case I believe the thing was an acci
dent. If I knew it had been done mali
ciously it would be a different thing. We
did not have anything to do with the
stretching of the wire from Mission and
Twenty-ninth street* to the track; that
was the doings of private individuals, so
far as I know."
Superintendent Jaynes of the Western
Union Telegraph Company likewise de
nied that his company had anything to do
with the impromptu wire which the Morse
detectives shot off the telegraph-poles.
"We have no reason to place any more
wires in that part of the country," he said.
"We have a direct wire from the track,
and that is all we require.
"We do not us*e that wire, however, for
any other purpose than is pleasing to the
Pacitic Coast Jockey Club, with whom we
have made our arrangements not to fur
nish anj r track news to poolrooms."
The "Big Eight" have already made
overtures to the authorities, asking that
their business be permitted to continue
upon payment of a high license. They
claim that $500 a quarter would be paid
willingly instead of the measly broker's
license of $4 which is exacted at this time.
Should the Sunervisors place the license at
$1000 a quarter and pass an ordinance that
poolrooms could be conducted only in
back alleys instead of on main thorough
tares, Harry Corbett, one of the leading
poolmen, believes that half of the men in
the business would subside.
"The conducting of the four remaining
rooms could then be carried on under po
lice surveillance," he said, "and only
grown men would be permitted to enter
the place. Any infraction of the regula
tions could be met with a revocation of the
license. "
Gilbert Blodes, proprietor of the pool
rooms on Ellis street frequented by women,
appeared again in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday, and at the request of his
attorney a continuance was granted till to
morrow to enable him to prepare his de
fense.
Judge Joachinisen, in commenting
upon the cases in his court, Raid
yesterday: "If the police really
wanted to prosecute these ca3es of the pool
room proprietors vigorously they should
have distriouted them among the courts
and not placed them all in this court. By
that means the cases could have been
heard simultaneously in the different
courts and quickly disposed of. The delay
does not rest with the court, but with the
prosecution."
"It's a sad commentary on the law,"
said Posecuting Attorney Dare, "that the
action of Ed Corrigan has done more than
it to stop the action of these pool-sellers, j
We have shown every desire to push the
cases, but we have been retarded by the
attorneys of the pool-sellers in asking for
continuances on any pretext. The ordi
nance is clear and explicit, and there
should be no trouble in enforcing it, and
it should be enforced.
"The ordinance applies to visitors as
well as proprietors, and every man or
woman seen buying a ticket should be ar
rested. If this were done it would help
materially in putting a stop to the busi
ness."
The police have seen the wisdom of
Judge Joachimsen's reasoning and yester
day four warrants were swornoutin Judge
Low's court. The warrants were given
into the hands of Policemen Sylvester and
Ilyman and they arrested C. J. O'Donnell,
W. .1. Fitzgerald, William Ritemere and
r l . W. Lee, who have their poolrooms on
Leidesdorff street. Each gave bail. This
is the third time that O'Donnell has been
arrested.
The four pool-sellers were arrested last
tiight and booked at the California-street
police station for violating sections 1 and
3 of order 2361. All, except O'Donnei!,
who was transferred to «the Central Police
station, were ler out on $300 hail each. The
persons arrested were employes.
The poolroom folks also engaged in some
great but wild guessing as to the prospect
ive riders oi the different starters. In the
opening race Garner was posted to ride
Pollock, while Bob Isom piloted the colt.
Cochran's name ligured to ride Pescador,
while McHugh had the leg upon the one
eyed horse. Mollie It had Jones up. She
was ridden in the race by Garner.
In the second race T. Walker was
slated to ride Sam Leake, and he was a
Gto 5 chance. At the track he was sto 1
and was ridden in the race by J. Walker.
And so throughout the different events
there was a remarkable mixture of
jockeys. In many instances imagination
lailed. and no jocneys were posted. Yo El
Key, Rev del Bandidos, Installator, Mor
ven and several others proved puzzlers to
the rooms.
But the latest "blind" that is being
worked and that flavors highly of Black
Bart, Spike Hennessy and that ilk, is the
proviso made in many of the races so and
so to go. For instance, in the lirat race
yesterday Empress of Norfolk was
scratched. On the tickets of the
downtown dens was written with
each bet "Braw Scot and Empress of
Norfolk to go." Braw Scot won, but
when the fortunate — or unfortunate —
holder of a ticket on the grey horse pre
sented his piece of pasteboard for pay
ment he was informed that the "Empress
diil not start and that his bet did not go."
This is highway robbery, pure and simple,
and goes to show what desperate straits
the proprietors of these pitfalls are getting
ing in and what questionable tactics they
are resorting to.
Another dodge being worked- is the
"commission game."
Yesterday one speculator placed $30 on a
horse that proved successful in winning.
Upon presentation of the ticket for pay
ment he was informed that they simply
did a commission business and did not
succeed in getting his money bet. On the
other hand, had the horse lost there is not
the slightest doubt but that the bank
account of the "commission-house" would
have been benefited to the extent of $30.
But they are dying fast. On Friday last
the room at San Jose closed, and yester
day the Sacramento poolroom went out of
business. In this City it is said that yes
terday not over $51)0 was bet in the com
bined 'joints." There was a deathlike
stillness hoveling around them yesterday,
and the few imbeciles that hang around
them wore a look likened unto that of a
pallbearer at the funeral of an old chum.
Western Union Changes,
Superintendent Frank Jaynes of the
Western Union Telegraph Company yes
terday stated that the discharge of John
Mcßobie as manager of the company in
this City was not due to his having been
connected with the poolroom returns ob
tafhed illegitimately, but to other causes
entirely. His successor is W. J. Martin,
who for many years has : been the efficient
day chief of the operating-room. H. S.
Converse, the present night chief, will fill
the place made vacant by Mr. Martin's
promotion. The posititas of night chief
and late night chief wlil be announced
some time during the wflfk.
NEW TO-DAT.
1896
t 8 s^_
Eas rßc firi72 of//£l/S7ADT£&.
&/?OS. been established - maa-
uf&CTURiRS oyjTANDARDjHJRKS-.
-, UftUCVnil "ore TOroat, JPunples, Copper-^}
4 HA"t TUU Colored Bpots, Aches, Old Sorea,H|
JHl.'lrcr* In Mouth, Eair-1 ailing f AVrito COOEtI
ifJREMEDT CO., SOTHaaonlc Temple
5 ChlcafCOi Xll-ii lot proofs of cures. Capl-JcS
•aital, #500,000. Worst cases cured In' 159
9 to B& day. 100-page booli free. ■ Jem
m \__ : ____ u _ NEW^TO-J)AY— DRY GOODS;
BROKEN LINES
— — ;^5v.aNTX> ■
ODDMENTS
— -A.T -A.
PRODIGIODSiSACRIFICE!
Our GREAT MIDWINTER CLEARANCE SALE continues with
a great special offering of a variety of Broken Lines and Oddments
which we have MARKED DOWN REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE
TO MAKE A CLEAN SWEEP OF THEM TO-DAY !
LADIES' JERSEY EIBBED UNDERWEAR.
A.t 35 Cents Ea,on.
65 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBKD WHITE WOOL DRAWERS, warranted non-
shrinkable, sizes 3, 4 and 5, regular price, $1, will be placed on sale this day on our
center tables at 35c each.
CORSETS! CORSETS !
, A+. Hlston.
72 dozen LADIES' GENUINE FRENCH CORSETS, tine sateen, long and medium
waist, firmly and closely boned, venus back, in black, drab, white and cream, reg-
ular price $2 50, will be closed out at $1 each.
A.t 7" 55 Cents I?a.on.
23 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, Dr. Schilling's abdominal, elastic side, long waist, sizes
si to 25, reguiar price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
MEN'S WHITE SWEATERS.
At 3 5 Cents.
135 MEN'S WHITE ALL-WOOL SWEATERS (odd sizes), regular price $1 25, will be
closed out at 35c each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
At, SO Cents.
2000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in dark and medium tan shades and brown, for-
mer price $1, marked down to 60c a pair.
EMBROIDERIES ! EMBROIDERIES !
At 5 Cents r. Ya.r > d.
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular value
12>£c, will be closed out at 5c a yard.
At r 7 rl /2 Cents a. Yard.
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular value 15c.
will be closed out at 7}^c a yard.
At 1O Cen+.s a, "STa-rcl.
CAMBRIC. NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular value 20c,
will be closed out at 10c a yard.
At 1O Cents a Strip.
CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, in a large variety of patterns, regular price 35c, will be
closed out at 10c per strip of 4}£ to 5 yards long.
HANDKERCHIEFS! HANDKERCHIEFS !
V At 5 Cents Bach
200 dozen LADIES' COLORED BORDERED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
all pure linen, regular price $2 40 a dozen, will be closed out at 5c each.
At 1O Cent** Eaoh.
100 dozen LADIES' COLORED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HANDKER-
CHIEFS, regular price $3 a dozen, will be closed out at 10c each.
j LACES! LACES! LACES!
At 1 Cent a Yard.
WHITE VANDYKE AMERICAN LACE, 4 inches wide, regular price 10c, will be
closed out at lc a yard.
NECKWEAR!! NECKWEAR!
At 25 Cents Each,
SAILOR COLLARS of Satin and Point Venise Lace, MARIE ANTOINETTE
FICHUS of Mull and Point Alencon Lace, CHEMISETTES of Mull and Oriental
Lace, regular prices $1 and $1 50, will be closed out at 25c each.
CIRCULARS AND RUBBER COATS.
AX 5O Cents.
LADIES' CIRCULARS, in stripes, value $1 50, will be closed out at 50c each.
At
LADIES' CONNEMARAS, in cloth, in plaids and stripes, regular value $2, will be closed
out at $1 each.
At
MEN'S RUBBER COATS, lined in black and wine, value $3, will be closed out at Jl
each.
At 1 . 0-O.
MEN'S RUBBER COATS, lined, with cape in black and wine, value $3 50, will be
closed out at $1 each.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At SO Cents.
23 pieces 58-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH SERGE, reduced from
$1 50, will be placed on sale this day at 90c a yard.
SILK VELVET! SILK VELVET! '
At $1.15 a Yard.
750 yards COLORED ALL-SILK VELVET, marked down from $3 to $1 15 a yard.
At *1.15 a Yard.
900 yards CHANGEABLE SILK VELVET, marked down from $2 50 to $1 15 a yard.
! JAPANESE SILK TIDIES.
At SS Cents.
JAPANESE SILK TIDIES, assorted colors, regular value 75c, will be closed out at 35c.
At 5O Cents.
JAPANESE SILK TIDIES, assorted colors, regular value $1, will be closed out at 50c.
At 75 Cents.
JAPANESE SILK TIDIES, assorted colors, regular value $1 25, will be closed out at 75c.
FUR SETS, DRESS TRIMMINGS, ETC.
JET CHAIN GARNITURE ORNAMENTS, reduced from 80c to 50c each. '
BLACK THIBET NECK SCARFS, reduced from $6 50 to $4 each.
CHILDREN'S FUR SETS, $2 quality reduced to $1 and $4 quality to $2 a set.
REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS. 36-inch reduced from $950 and $10 50 each to
$7 50. and 45-inch reduced from $12 50 and $14 to $10 each.
LADIES' COIN PURSES, reduced from 25c to 10c each.
gt^Yfe will also offer a large collection of Remnants, in desirable styles and col-
ors, of Dress Trimmings at prices that will induce an immediate clearance.
£»-975 pairs FULL-SIZE WHITE BLANKETS (manufactured
by the Golden Gate Woolen Mills, San Francisco), cost to make
$6.12^, on sale at $4.90 a pair.
■■_-.'■■ ■■'■;■ ■■ •■■■■-"-. -■'_»-■"■■'■ •,'■'■■■. z.'. .;•.■■; '. . .';.'-';
— — ~~~" — ~~~ ~~- ~—
fm/M**^ MURPKT BUILDING, /
(/(/ lobt Street, comer of Jigs, /
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.. . ... i
SUBSCRIPTIOM RATES-Posta^e Free: / i
T*'.y »nd eoaday Cam. ■■i.irwr'.tt. $0.15 !
r«ny aad Scadsy CXiX, <st;e ??«■• T i^* ll - ■•pw '■
Dan.T »cd Soni»y Call. *ix Eoctbs. by rasal- 5.00
I »■:> iird Banday C*ix M pw months *r tnmi 1.60
Daily acfl Sawiay Call. ca<? r=OE".ii, by ■■ .65
frst«r-CALL on« yw. by m*Ti 1 - 50 j
VISKLV C>: ose year, by a^a l— 1» t
BIISINBSS OFFICE:
10 X»r. ?trc*t.
San rranclsce, I'alifornla. j
Telephone .. .. ■-*■■
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 CUy Sn^e'
nmilllMl 2£a!n-1574
BRANCH OFFICES :
6?0 Mcn'^cscery street, corner Clay: ep*s catfl j
C :fO o'clock.
559 Hayes str<*?t : ep*a cntn 3 90 o'ciosfc.
717 Lar».:i Kre*:; opes. untE 9:30 o'cioefc.
CTf.«wi Sixteenth &e4 Missioa street*. • open
tctn s o'clock.
1.516 MMM<|HI ; op*n ntS 9 O'.OCX.
iib kOttl gtrfeet; op*-s unlfl 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE I
£CS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Teoms 81 ac«s S2. 34 P»rfc Row. >"ew Tor* City.
DAVID iL FOLTZ. 6?ecUl Aceaw
TUESDAY JANUARY 14, IS9C
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Stste is happy for the rains have ,
come.
A Russian protest against British land- |
grabbing will make o:d Asia smile.
* — —
With the coming of the rains everything
■will brighten cp, from grass to business.
The farmers will now go to ripping up
the earth instead of the ta'.her bureau.
The peace of Europe is so warlike that a
real war might Le more peaceful in the
end. ■ •
Congress might as well make It a snort
Eessicn; there is no use prolonging the
agony. t
This promises to be a good year for
wheat-growers, buliet-mafcera and pow
der-monkeys.
The diplomats of Europe rr.av be srnok- |
ing the pipe of peace, but the smoke looks j
like a war cload.
Whenever the outer barbarians wish to ■
trade gold for munitions cf war we are \
ready to do business.
»
After aii it will he a« ea?y for the Kaiser
to make a descent upon England as to go ;
down a toboggan slide.
If the Czar knows what the Kaiser
meant by his Krueger letter he is wiser
than the rest of the world.
.
The Populists have struck a light and
begun hunting for Presidential candidates,
but Democracy remains in the dark.
When the European nations took the
trouble to divide Africa they did not fore
see that tfce trouble would stay with them.
If the Senators wish the country to listen
with patience to the discussion on the
bond biil they should pass the tariff bill
first.
_______
Despite his ostentatious objection tO
American fruit there is reason to believe
Emperor William has b<:en dieting on
prunes.
We have spoken for Armenia, and now .
we must throw ail our energy into the
anti-funding bill convention and speak for
ourselves.
As the ■Mtzopolia of the I'aciEc Coast
San Francisco should hare a commercial
exhibit representing the products of the
whole coast.
The Spaniards ■ laim to win a good many
victories in Cuba, but somehow the Cubans
seem to capture ail the town and overrun
all the provinces.
Cecil Rhodes is out of otßce, bat he de
clares he is not out of politics, and it may
be he has dodged this crisis only to pre
pare lor a bigger one.
The whole country will have to carry the
Cleveland iebt as a matter of finance, but
ai a xnatier cf politics Democracy will
have to carry it alone.
There may have been no corruption in
the Cleveland bond deals, but there are suf
ficient signs of it to irsmni Congress in
making an investigation.
The Kaiser has just the mixture of
brains and ambitiori to desire to eclipse !
the fame of Napoleon by making a ■uc- !
cessful invasion of England.
In the thirdsteria movement Democracy |
has something worse than Euckleyism to
fijrht and n is time the party leaders were
showing what they mean to do.
Among the fairs and festivals of the
year there should be one in which the
whole Pacific Coast would have a show,
and San Francisco should hold it.
"We give the Populists due notice that if
a movement is started to nominate Lyman
Trumbull for the Presidency weshail have
the leaders of it arrested for planning to
rob a graveyard.
If the prospect of war lea-Is the nations
of Europe to continue hoarding gold the
effect will be to make the remonetization
of silver absolutely necessary if we wish
to keep prices up.
There is straight Republican ism in the
House, straight silver in the Senate and
■traighi Democracy in the administration,
but the Government as a whole isn't as
Btraieht as a pig's tail.
There is a deficit in the revenue, a con
tinued export of gold, an increase of the
bonded debt and a Grover Cleveland to
harass the country, but despite ail these
none of the fighting nations shovr any de
sire to fight us.
The story tha- . as promised to
Germany not only her own aid in a war
with England, but that of "her allies,
France and the United State?," is one of
the finest short stories of the day. It is so
terse, ro fetching, so full of imagination.
Notwithstanding the talk of war, prepar
ations are being made at Kiel, the great
naval derot of Germany, for an interna
tional exposition of the peaceful arts of
navigation and fisheries, and the Kaiser
surely won't be so rasa as to spoil the
profits of a home enterprise.
There would have been a severer ont
bur't of public denunciation c! the new
bond issue if the previous ones had not
.ea indignation and made wrath
tired. As it is the people wait for Con
gress to expose the inner history of the
aeals and will strike on election day at
every cuckoo in sight.
CLEVELAND DEXOUSCED.
In these davg. when nearly all the lead
ers of the Democratic • trty have ceased to
make even a pretense of opposition to the ;
iniquities of Clevelandum : when ibey
stand silent in the presence of an ont- ;
rageous increase nf the public debt and do '
not venture to rebuke the advocates of a
third term, it is a public satisfaction to !
-note that there are siill some members of I
the party loyal enough to be true to its j
best traditions and brave erioaph to de- j
noauce the man who ha? done so much to j
discredit it in the mind* of patriotic and i
intelligent men.
Among the few Democrats .ho have ;
had the candor and tLe courage to de- '
nounce the extraordinary acts of Cleve
land is Henry George. We publish in foil
this morning a letter written by him to :
the BW York Journal, a Democratic or- ]
gan, on the fv.bject of tte bond issue, and :
commend it to our readers as an expres
sion of what a Democrat of independent I
mind thinks of this latest scterr.e of the '
President he helped to elect.
The whole letter ia good, but one passage
deserves special consideration. Mr. George \
says:
Mr. Cleveland as President has ignored this
principle of Democratic Republi' I and
be i,nj ignored it ia the mes : oSensive end de- j
ciding way— a war that has brought the :
taint of corruption closer to tbe doors of the
White House than i; was ever brought before ]
under any Amer.caa President. Who ever ;
heard cf Mr. Francis Lynde Stetson either as j
publicist cr h banker, or in any other public I
way imfll the ia>; few years? Whea Mr. j
Cleveland took office in 1892 Mr. Stetson was ;
only known to the public, even in New York, j
as Mr. Cleveland's partna in hi? private law j
business. Yet, no s&oner did his partner, or
ex-partner, take the Presidential chair than
Mr. S:etson appeared in Washington as the
lobbyist of the Pacific fiailrcad ring in a;
Ecfceme requiring the Presidential sanction, ty
J which they hope to maie millions at tbe ex- ;
! per.se of the people. And he next becomes j
known throughout the country and the finan- |
cial world as the associate and partner of the j
greatest bankers in a '-deal" with the Presi
dent of the United States, out of which an- j
other favored syndicate ha already made
millions. Be Mr. Stetson's qualities what they
may, does any_one suppose that tbe Pacific i
Railroad ring would have hired him a the
cos: of his hotel bills or Mr. Morgan have given i
him as much oi the syndicate's gain of mil- j
lion* as would have paid his carfare but for j
the fact that he had been Mr. Cleveland's 2a*v I
partner? It is the same usurpation of power, I
with the same odious concomitants, that Mr. ■
Cleveland now proposes, in the opinion of
j those best informed, to repeat again on a larger i
scale. If the American people wilt qnietly
submit to this, then, indeed, may we begin to
! speak oi the American Republic not es c thing
: that is, bad as a thine that was.
The language used by Mr. George is
more so than the
subject and the occasion demand. The
Democratic party is on trial. A raomen
ts history confronts it. Only
by candor and courage can it be saved from
famv o! surrendering to Cleveland
arid giving him a renomination. More
exprtr those of Mr. George are
needed, and if tLie Democratic party ex
. -ii future, it will be
to heed them.
AS UNNECESSARY WSECK.
From present accounts it seems that the
wreck of the Janet Cowan on the coast of
Vancouver Island might have been
avoided, and that the causes producing it
were I lack of a full complement of sailors,
insufficient ballast and the drunkenness of
the master. Thus an English vessel, in i
spite of the perfection of England's mari
time laTs, was wrecked and death and in
credible suffering produced by violation of
three simple, ■well-understood and alto
gether necessary precautions. The skipper
is dead, and very likely it was his dissipa
tion that rendered him unable to bear the
hardships which he encountered ashore.
That liquor is a contributing agent in
the production of a large proportion of
shipwrecks and brutality toward seamen
is a fact as notorious as it is deplorable.
Its dangers are so well understood that it
is rigidly kept from sailors while on a
voyage, but an extraordinary inconsis
tency is seen in the fact that the responsi
ble men of a vessel are permitted to carry >
and drink as much liquor as they please.
England, with all the advancement which
she has made in securing safety and hu
mane conduct, has still fallen short in per
mitting the ofneers of a ship to drink
while on the sea.
The great railroad corporations of the
world have set an example in this matter
that might well be followed in maritime '
affairs. The rule that the men charged
with the safety of trains and the lives of
human beings shall drink no intoxicating
liquors while on duty is enforced with ex
treme rigidity. It 13 only thus that the
number of disasters is reduced to a mini
mum. Experience has shown, further,
that drinking, besides impairipg the
mental integrity of one holding a re
sponsible position, breeds despondency,
discontent and a spirit of rebellion. It is
for this reason that local civil authorities,
if they are -wise, order the closing of drink
ing saloons at certain hours of the day in
case of serious strikes ana riots.
A sailor who has risen to an oflicial
position on a ship has passed through the
experience of ail sailor;. Whether" there
is something inherent in this occupation
which renders dissipation virtually neces
sary ;s a BttfdOa question, and it is given
an added importance by knowledge of the
fact that the followers of one occupation
are as a c.a=3 more given to drinking than
those of another; but, keeping the dis
cussion within restricted line 3, it would
be rational to expect that a sailor who has
risen to a position of authority on a eb/ip
carries with him the appetites of his cias=.
even though we make allowance for the
fact that he could not have risen had he
been a drunkard. To give to mailers of
vessels unrestricted license to carry liquor
for their own use is to invite such disasters
a? that of the Janet Cowan.
A PECULIAR CITY.
It has pleased the Rev. Carlos Martyn to
come to v; and in a public speech charge
us with having an exceedingly wicked
city. This is not the first time that such
a charge has been made, and as it usually
comes from strangers, and is based on
r..-rt?. in minor external?, particularly the
freedom with which the people seek recre
ation on Sundays, a few instructive re
marks on the subject might prove beneiicial
to all concerned.
The peculiar climatic conditions which
prevail here necessarily produce a de
parture in conduct from the standard of
communities where these conditions do
not exi=t. An excess of ozone in the air
and the absence of a repressing climate
naturally tend to make us free, hearty and
aspiring. Here, as in all other cities, the
population is confined at work dur'nj; tbe
week, and when Sunday comes with its
gladness and sunshine and cheer, it is not
in vigorous human blood to resist the
temptation to go abroad in the fine free
a;r ai;d drink of tbe cup which nature has
filled to the brim with precious life-giving
offerings.
It ia a fact that the greatest crowds begin
to more only after the churches have held
their services: it is another fact that it
would be difficult to find a city with more
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896,
churches and church-goers in proportion
to the population. In their Sunday cus
toms the people of Baa Francisco duplicate
the practices *een in those cities of Europe
which bare a pleasant climate and many
outdoor be s ".ties awaiting their enjoyment.
We have, the one American city of that
type, and the rensons , which lit behiad
the fact constitute the greatest charm of
San Franci«co. That our people are not
compelled by great heat or cold to hou?e
themselves on Sr.nday is one of the reasons
for their health, strength, cneerfolness
and prosperity.
If evidence of evil-doing be discovered.
it is merely proof of that strength, rigor
and freedom which distinguish the peo
ple in the higher endeavors of life. It is
necessarily a city of extremes. It has
given birth to numerous startling and
original crimes, bttt tbese cannot be con
sidered alone. It has again and again
eiected rascals to office who have robbed
and disgraced it, but opposed to all such
tendencies ia an order of intellect and
morals higner and more aspiring than can
be commonly found. The controlling fac
tors in the working out of oar destiny rep
resent the best standard of civilization
brongTit hither by onr peoDle from the
older centers of the country, and its effi
ciency is augmented by natural conditions
which lend it strength, freedom and a?pi
ration.
It is not for strangers, ignorant of the
forces at work beneath the surface cf our
conduct, to criticize what they do not un
derstand and render a damaging verdict
on incomplete evidence. San Francisco
knows its shortcomings and its strength,
and the abundant decency within it will
in $ood time, as it always does, triumph
over that which is really evil.
A BETIEW OF TEADE.
The total number of failures in all lines
of business for. UK was, according to
Dun's neviev, 13,197, against 13.555 in
IS&4. Notwithstanding the decrease in
number, however, the aggregate of liabili
ties was slightly increased, and stood at
$173,196,060, while those of the preceding
year were $172,992,536. The average per
failure, therefore, was $13,124 last year as
against $12,456 in 1594.
A classiucation of the failures shows
that the increase of liabilities occurred
wholly in the manufacturing industry in
the seven States of Jfew York. New Jer
sey, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Ohio.
Michigan and Illinois. In these States
the total liabilities in manufacturing fail
ures were $2^, 637. *72 in ISS4, while they
amounted to $43,212,413 last year. In the
remaining States the failures in that indus
try for lsi*3 were $25,701,025, against $37,
--725,913 in the previous year.
The total failures in the manufacturing
industry for all the States showed liabili
ties of $73,920,073 in 1393, agafosi $67,363,
--775 in 1594. In the trading industry the
liabilities of failures decreased from $94,
--652,131 in 1594 to $92,706,422 in 1395. In
other commercial failures the dfcrease was
rom $10,f«76.950 to $0,509,505. In banking
failures the liabilities were $25,636,035 year
i before last and $20,710,210 last year.
If thi§ showing is not so good as was ex
pected of the year when it began and the
revival from the depression of the Demo
cratic panic first made it«elf felt, it is at
any rate an evidence of improved condi
tions in every industry except that of
niancfacturinp. The Wilson tariff con
tinues to leave our ports open to the goods
of foreign nations, and our manufacturers,
in their efforts to keep their mills running
Bnd afToru employment to workingmen,
entered upon a competition they could not
sustain and of course were forced to the
wall, with the consequence that while all
I other business showed improvement, that
one met with disaster and resulted in such
an excess of faihires over last year that the
decrease elsewhere was wiped cut and the
total showing lor all was one of increased
liabilities.
Attention is Called by the RevieM to the
; remarkable fluctuation in the prices of
materials and manufactured products dur
ing the year ending January 4 oi this year.
It says:
Compared with January 1, 1895, prices of
ta&ncfactured products and of materials rose
for pig iron 75.1 per c«ni at the highest poini,
btlt only 9.1 at the close. -.vaile manuft
Of iron rose 53 7 at Jbe highest point and 23.5
I at the clos-e, anthracite coal rising 35.3 bnt
cldsing 5.6 per cent lower than Januarr ],
1595. Cotton rose G4.7 per cent at the highest
point and 47.1 at the cloee, but cotton goods
only 16.3 at the highest and 14.5 at the close,
Hides rose 73.5 at the highest, end 18 at the
clos?, leather 4S at the hifhest and 21.4 at
the close, and boot« and shoes 27.9 at the
highest and 12.6 at the close. Wool rose 7.7 at
the highest point and 6.9 at the clos«, but
woolen goods rose only .8 of 1 per cent at the
highest point, closing a shade weaker. Silk
ro«e 143 at the highest point and 10.7 at the
closa.
The new year opens with something of
uncertainty in business circles, but on the
whole the prospects for improvement are
good. The tariff which has crippled our
manufacturers can never be worse than
how and may be amended at this session
of Congress. There hai been also a de
crease of imports recently that will aid in
the improvement, and this, taken in con
nection with increasing exports, warrants
the hope that trade balances may be more
favorable hereafter bo that the general re
rult« of the year may prove much better
than that of the last.
PERSONAL.
Mayor H. 9. Baggs of Stockton is at the Lick.
Mrs. E. F. Bishop of Honolulu is in the City.
John H. Carter arrived from Hawaii yester
day.
Dr. J. Emlle Bloraen ol Washington, D. C, is
In the City.
Hume Yeriagton of Carson, Nev., is in the
City on business.
O. J. Smith, & mining man of Mexico, was
among yesterday's arrivals.
Thomas P.. Brown of teat United States
Marshal of Washington, is in the City. •
Walter McLean of the t'nited States warship
Boston arrived on the Honolulu Eteainer yes
terday.
Charle* F. Fishback, a leading attorney of
Seattle, who is interested in mining property
In the MonleCriuto district, is at the Palace.
Ex-Judge B. A. Weidemann of Honolulu,
who about a year ago went to Europe with
others of a Hawaiian delegation on business
In connection with the political changes in
the islands, is at the Occidental.
J. C. Stnbbs, general traffic manager of the
Southern Pacific Company, left yesterday for
Key Orleans on a business trip. He will on
his way Eaat sojourn for a few days in Texas
to look after business matters there. He is ex
pected to be a'.vay for About two weeks.
Dr. and Mrs. Charles Francis Stoke 3 (nee
I Bermingham), who arrived on tne Pern Satur
day from the Orient, will leave to-day in com
pany with Captain John Bermin?ham for New
York via Denrer. Dr. Stokes has been sta
tioned at the United States Naval Hospital in
Yokohama for nearly three years and a half.
He will probably be assigned to similar duty
near New York. :-'■ "r ■;
CAUFORXIAXS 12* NEW YORK.
Mr YOF.K, X. V., Jan. 13.— Among the re
cent arrivals are: H. Alexander, Sturtevant;
A. Anthony, Hoffmann; F. P. Baldwin, Astor;
G.Brenner, St. Cloud; J. Liebes and wife, H.
Wrightson, Holland; J. P. Eisenbach, Marlbor
ough; O. O. Hevdenfeldt, St. Stephens; Mrs.
W. M. Ireland, Grand Union; W. Laird, Cos
mopolitan.
HENRT GEORGE ON CLEVELAND.
To the Editor of McJftjM York Journal (Dtmo
cratic): In response to the question of the
Journal I would say that in toy view, public
opinion, even if Congressional action lags,
ought to put a sharp and decisive stop to any
more such "gift enterprises" as the President
ha? already been sneered to indulse in. to Mie
| irreat advantage Ol Messrs. S:etson, Morgan
{ and their allies, and which, from credible re- ;
port, be Is r.ow proposing to continue'on a still
J more gigantic scale. What Mr. Cleveland has
j been doing. in his previous bond issues, and
! what he is now believed to be on the verge of ;
. doing again, is an exertion of personal power
i such as no monarch of Europe, unless it be tne I
I Czar oi Rnssia, would dare attemp: such a vic
j l&tion, no: merely of the principles of the
American constitution, batol the fundamental
principles of constitutional government, as |
tnat wbieb lost Charles 1 not merely his crown,
but his head.
The incurring of pnblic debt by the issuance
o. bondi binding on the nation is no more the
prerogative of the President of the United
States than it ig the prerotrativeof the Qceen of
Great Britain. The power of issuiue bonds,
like the power of declaring war, and the power .
[ oi imposing taxes, is no: placed by onr con
stitution ia the hands of the President, but in
j the hands of the Congress of th» United States,
[ over the action of which he has legitimately
j but the power of recommendation and the •
I limited power of concurrecce or non-concur- ■■
rence.
Mr. Cleveland, elected as a Democratic Presi- '
dent— to oar shame and chagrin, by the :
earnest efiorts of Democrats like mystl f, whose j
only motive was the hringin? back to the Re
public of the principles of Jefferson — !
usurped this power. lie has done this undtrr '
pretense of an obiolete law, not intended for
such purpose, and which nnder the JeSersonian
principle would have been deemed null and
void. Yet, under this shallow pretense. Mr.
Cleveland, as President, and without tbe sane- '
lion of Congress, hu already twice increased
tbe bonded debt oi the Nation by millions of '
' dollar?. And, n nder this pretense of law. he has
used the money obtained in a way that the law
he a'sucaed to act under never remotely con- ;
templated. He has used it, not to main- |
tain the value of the p«per money of ;
the United States, but to maintain the \
current expenditures of tbe Qorernmeal in '
time of profound peace, thus fc'fording', "as ;
Charles I tried to do, the necessity of recourse
ta the Legislature for authority to tax the '■
people. The principle of -no taxation without :
representation" was the principle on which
the American Revolution was fought, it,
was deemed the fundamental principle ol con- I
j stitutional liberty long before the American ,
Revolution was dreamed oi.
Mr. Cleveland as President has ignored this
principle of Democratic Kepub.ieanism, and '
ne h*s ignored it in ice most offensive and de
grading way— in a way thftt brought the
taint oi corruption closer to • the doors of the
i White House than it was ever brought before
i under any American Presidept. Who ever
| heard of Mr.-Francis Lynde Stetson either 68
< publicist or aa banker/or in any other pnblic
war until the last . few years'? When Mr.
Cleveland took, office in 1393 Mr. Steuon
| only known to the public, even in New York,
as Mr. Cleveland's pactaar in his private law ;
business. Yet, no sooner did his partner, or ■
I ex-pattner, take the Presidential chair then
Mr. itataea appeared in Washington e= the
lobbyist of the Pacific Railroad ring in a :
scheme requiring the Presidential sancUon, by j
which they hope to rnaii? millions at tb« ex- '
•■ pense of the people. And he next becomes
known throughout the conntry and the fiaaa- !
cial world as the assocfate and partner of the i
greatest banker? in it "deai" with the Presi- !
dent of the United State?, out ol which an- :
other favored syndicate . has already made >
millions. Be Mr. Stetson's qualities what they !
may, does any one suppose that the Pacltic i
P.aflroad ring would have hired him at the'
cost of h!s hotel bills or Mr. Morgan have
given him as much of the syndicate's gain of j
millions »s wonld have t.a:d his car fare but '
for the fact that he had been Mr. Cleveland's i
law partner? It it the *»fne : usurpation ot j
power, with the (stiae odious concomitants,
'hat Mr. Cleveland now proposes, in the opin- '
ion of those best informed, to repeat again on i
a larger scale. If the American people will
quietly submit to this then, indeed, may we '
b^-gin to speat of tne American Republic not j
asa th ng that is, bet as a thing that was.
The constitutional question so strongly im- :
presses me tha 1 1 have not space lo dwei lon the i
financial question. But. in brief, if the income j
oi the Government is not tnfiicient, the com- ]
mon-sense alternative is to cut down the ex
panaea of Government to meet i:s revenue. If
more bonds are needed tnen it is the business
ol Coneress to authorize theirissue. If thece
bonds are to be sold, then they should be i
offered in open market, and not to a syndicate j
la the White Hotise. As for a reserve,
tnat is an extravagant and useless supersti- :
tion. The true vian of dealing with our
finances is that of an interchangeable bond
proposed by Tom L. Johiuon of Ohio, nnd gup
ported by such sterling Democrats a* James G.
Magulre of California, in the last Congress.
That would dispense with all gold reserve, and
with all intervention of bankers between the
Government and the people. It would effect
ually take the Government out of the banking
business, aDd tbe bauks out of the proptr Gov
eminent ousiuess of issuing money. Why
should the Government bey gold with credit,
when it can directly use the credit to buy all
that gold is exchangeable for, even gold it;elf ? ,
Henry Geoege.
ECHOES.
I.
I heard beyond the hiii9 a clear voice r;n rir.r
And rocky heights the tones were backward flinging
Bach airy snmmit towering there ■
Gave forth an answrring sound; "'.-■ ■■■■• - .
And yet so chanced it wan by oft repeating
It seemed some o;her s'-if ha. 4 , caurtii the greeting:
And tcw»«^l it bacit with mocftingair
And hurrieC, leaping bound.
IT.
I heard a wor.l of gossip lightly falling,
A HiUe word, but gon* b*yon<l r«*caUiDg,
So swift from lip to iip it flew,
' ft-.irht in tbe socia: gaSe;
But when the «-choing sound cam« backward
stealing
Kach voice b&d a'J Jed eomewhat in revealing,
So tha: a listener scarcely knew
The aathor of thp tale. — Philadelphia Press.
THE TRANSVAAL FLAG.
The National flag of the South African re
public wag adopted in 1&82, after the Engllsh-
Boer war of 1331. It is closely patterned after
the National flag of Holland, the original kome
of the Transvaaler3. It has three stripes, the
top red, the next white and the bottom biue,
tratue the perpendituler field is green. The
Transvaal coat-of-arms is an old immigrant's
wagon drawn by two oxen, with a Boer driver,
and a phenix, surrounded by a wreath with
toft inscribed word '-Liberty" showing out
plainly belo>v tae wreath.
OPINIONS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Paying the Interest. *
Portland Oregoulan.
Profligacy, whether national or individual,
always has to pay pawnbroker's interest.
Borrowed Capital.
S«n Francisco Globe-Rrview.
It is no trick lo run a Government on bor
rowed money, but to make it Belf-supporting is
statesmanship.
PA Poor Investment.
Fresno Republican.
It can be demonstrated that the patriotic
citizen who received only $2 for his vote in
1592 lost money on the. deal. Grover has al
ready bonded every man. woman and child of
the Nation to the extent of $4 each, and he
still has thirteen months in which to operate.
California Will Furnish the Fruit.
Stockton Independent.
Amid all {be rumors of war California farm
ers should go rigrtu along planting orchards.
The trees will grow and bear frui: while
European uations are destroying life and prop
erty. In snch a case American fruit, grain and
meat must feed the fighters who are struggling
for the extension ot their empires.
The Colonels Frightened Them.
San Bernardino Sun. '
Olney't sharpest piece of diplomacy was
when he had r list, duly authenticated, sur
reptitiously sent to £ ahsbury, containing an
alphabetical list of all the Colonels" in the
single state oi Kentucky. The Premier at once
commenced the preparation Gf a supplemen
tary and explanatory note. Theie will be no
war. We 'are oi the same blood, traditions,
aspirations, etc.
Millions for Defense.
California Prohibitionist.
The stars and stripes coat over no standing
army wnose forces are numbered by the thou
sands, but beneath its graceful, "protecting
folds stands a solid array of dauntless hosts,
whose rcservo energy thrills through 70.000.
--000 loyal hearts which to-day, as ever, beat in
unison to Uie immortal sentiment that
America has "not a cent for tribute, but
millions for defense" of American institutions,
American principles and American liberties.
l*tah'» Unique Constitution.
Riverside Press.
Utah starts out with a constitution differing
in several important points from those of other
States. For instance, it provides that juries
shall con?isist of eight men instead of twelve,
and that in civil ca«es three-fourths of the
number may rendei a verdict. Another pro
vision is to the effect that the State shall never
go into debt exceeding §200.000, except in
case of insurrection; and another guarantees
to every citizen the righ:; to obtain employ
ment whenever possible, and makes any inter
ference with this right a crime. Women are
granted equal suffrage in the new State.
WHAT REPUBLICANISM MEANS.
Toof.T the Posr-Express takes Its place in the
Republican column. Henceforth, earnestly
and with whatever of ability it can command,
it will labor for the supremacy of Republican
principles. Its political policy, as thns Etated,
is due to its ommd conviction that the Re
publican party is and is to be what it ha 3 been
— the potent conservator of the common weal
of the American people. The tree is known by
its fruit, rather than oy any abstract observa
tions on pomology. The fruits of Republican
ism are the shining achievements which have
done most to establish government of the peo
ple upon secure foundations and to brinsr about
that marvelous progress of the United States
which is the amazement and admiration of our
brethren of the civilized world. The Repub
lican party was called into being as a protest
against the encroachment of the slave power.
It gave Abraham Lincoln to our country and
to mankind. Ii was the right arm of the Gov
ernment daring the Rebellion. It made per
manent the gain of the Civil War by the
amendments which it grafted upon the consti
tution. It reconstructed the States which
needed -reconstructing. It has beeu at all
sages of its career the uncompromising cham
pion of liberty, of equal rights for all, of hon
e*telectiocs,«f *o'::k! money, of an untarnished
National credit, r.f education, morality, relisr
ion, and of a tariS-polrey- which protects Amer
ican labor and ei.eourages American capital.—
Rochester Posi-£xpress. - •
■
PEOPLE "WORTH READING ABOUT.
The Princess of Wale.« is said to be getting
deaf.
The. Idea of inviting the Prince cf Wales to
v!«i: Toronto in 1597 has become popular there.
ascagnl has written an article in aa Italian
paper wherein he states that no ie*ver than
1500 librettos have been forwarded to him to
set to mnsic
M. EliEee Reclu*, the French geographer,
wants to have a terrestrial globe made 400 feet
in diameter, in order to show off the relative
dimensions and heights as they should be. He
aeks for help and criticisms of geographers the
world over in realizing his idea.
Dr. Milbnrn. the blind chaplain of the Sen
ate, we- first elected a Congressional chaplain
in December, 1345. just half a century ago.
He was then jast.22 years of age, and the
youusres; man whose voice has ever been
heard in Congress before or since that date.
Dr. Fauv*!, who recpntiy died in Paris, had a
larger practice in his special branch — diseases
of the throat — any other physician in the
■sorld. Yet his fee was comparatively email,
being only £10. Thirty years ago he founded
an infirmary, where he treated poor people for
nothing.
The ArchbL'hop of Canterbury has declined
tD proßecute the Bishop of London for issuing
a license for the marriace of divorced persons,
on ' the ground that the Bishop's chancellor
held that such licenses are proper, and the
Bishop has a right to act on the decision of his
chancellor.
The one hundredth anniversary of the birth
of the famous Germ&a Historian, Leopold yon
Raake, was celebrate! the other day in Jena,
tie old university town where Schiller was
once proiessor of history. Ranke died in 1356/
He was a great admirer of America, married an
English woman, and was a particular friend of
George Bancroft.
Henry Rochefort says about his memoirs:
"Every human being sees what concerns him
through a telescopic glass. For thirty-five
years the baker at whose shop ray parents
bought bread went to ncr counter at noon and
never budged from it till 8 o'clock. Yet she
explained the presence of gray locks in her
hair by the fact tnat her life had been
tumultuous.'"
"I think," Hall Came says In McClures,
Magazine, "that I know my Bible as few
liierary men know it. There is no book in the
world like It. and the finest novelsever written
fall iar short in interest of any one of the
stories it tells. Whatever strong situations I
have ia my books are not of my own creation,
but are taken from the Bible. 'The Deemster'
is the story of the prodiga; son. 'The Bond
man' i« the story of Esau aud Jacob. The
Scapegoat' Is the story of Eli and his sons, but
with Samuel as a little girl. The Manxman'
is the story of David and Uriah."
SHORT SMILES.
Oue Canniba'.— Talk about your civilization,
why, they've just burned some people in Ken
tucky.
Another Cannibal— Pshaw! What sort of
| cooks have they go: over there, anyway, I
j wonder.— Detroit Tribune.
Chunk— Doesn't a "new woman" make you
feel i airly mad?
Quiverful— Yes; but she's not so bad as a new
baby.— Fun. _____
Cawker— l have discovered what started the
I new -.vorrsan craze.
Cumso — Let's hare it.
; Cawker— Listen to this testimonial in a pat-
I ent medicine advertisement: "Since taking
j four bottles of your health restorer I am a new
I woman." — Life.
Bacon— l was up to Artist Perm's house last
night. .-
Yeast— Did he draw any for you?
"Yes, indeed he did."
"What was the best thing: he drew during the
evening?"
'•A cork."— Yonkers Statesman.
Tourist 'in Oklahoma)— you drew your
bowie and sprang at the 6tranger who'had
j called you a liar did he lose his he&d?
Alkali Ike— Xope; only his —Truth.
"Is this a fast trasr>?" esked the traveling
', nan of the porter.
j "Of course it is," was the reply.
} "I thought so. Would you mind my getting
: out here to see what It is fast to?"— Tit-Bits
Teacher— When the wise men came to the I
King what did they fay?
Boy— They said, "O Kins;, live forever."
Teacher— Quite right; and what then?
Boy— And immediately the King lived for
ever.—The Standard.
Discouraged Artist— l don't think I paint as
weli as I did ten years ago.
Critical Friend— Oh, yes you do; but your
taste is improving. — Century,
Tommy— When I'm a man I'm going to be a
soldier.
Mother— What! And be killed by the enemy"
Tommy-Oil, well, then, I guess I'll be the
enemy.— Yale Record.
Bobby— Why do people call unmarried women
a spinster, paw?
Paw— Because she is spinning a web for an
unmarried man, Bobby.— Xew York Town
Topics.
"Bilkins is organizing a regiment of plumb
ers."
"Great Scott! What a charge they'd make"
Detroit News.
Nodd— l guess that doctor of mine will give
! us something to stop the baby's crying now
Todd— Why?
Nodd— l'm going to move next door to him.—
Brooklyn Life.
"Why did you leave your last boarding
"place?"
"The meals were too far apart. We break
fasted in China and dined in Dresden '—De
troit Free Press.
"Looi. at those two men; they have been
talking on that cold corner for an hour. Do
you suppose it's politics?"
"No. I think they're Doth just learned U>
I ride a wheel."— Chicago Record.
| ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Sake— Ka:e, Petaluraa. Cal. There Is no
difference in the rueainne of the expressions,
"twice as bis" and "as big again."
Thf Bowehy— T. H., City. The Bowery in
New York City was so called because it was the
road that Led to Governor Stuyvesant's
"bowery" or larm.
Mrs. rr.EVKi-AM>— W. f. Me, City. Isone of
the published so-cr'!cd biographic? of Mr-.
Grover Cleveland or the many newspaper
sketches that have appeared about her give
any account of her fauiilv history.
Strkktcar Etiquette— W. S., City. This
correspondent ask?: ."What is proper in case a
man as seated hiinnelf in a streetcar, paid his
fare and then surrender* his *eat to ft lady ac
quaintance, should ho pay her fare or permit
her to pay?" Theto is no'rule of etiquette that
requires a man to pay the fare of an acquaint
ance under these circumstances.
Cr.ippi.E Ckekx— Miner,JCity. The account of
Cripple Creek, recently published in The Call,
i« a correct one. Cripple Creek is near Pikes
Peak, and is distant by rail about 1400 miles
from San Francisco, accordin to a railroad
map. The mines surround th c place q-jite
a number of them are in operation, but the
exact nusiber "Answeri to Correspondents"
cculd not ascertain. Th» taiatrfc' wages are
$3 25 for nine hours' work.
CrmVATIKG MISHEOOJJfi — Subfteriber, R</5t
Valley, Marin County, Cal. la tue cultivation
of mushrooms light it not neceeary to their
perfection. Excessive heat is injurious, ough
a warm and moist atmospber* it required. Tn«
beds in which mushrooms are to be grown
shoula be made in a hothouse or cellar, should
be long and narrow, not more than
eighteen inches high and laid on a good
ground surface la preference to a floor.
The first layer should be of coarse end fer
mented nanure three or four inches in depth.
It should be thoroughly wat«rr«;d, sad cov
ered to a depth of fourteen inches of a com
post of four parts of fresh horse manure, free
from straw or other foreign substance, and
one part each, of fermented cow manure and
rich loam, all tboronjthiy mixed and packed
as closely as possible by beating and trarap
inc. In order to prevent undue fermentation
tnis com Dost shotud be iraed daily for about
a week, or until the temperature of the center
of the mass falls to about 65 deg. Propagation
is effected by the use of sp*--vn, which may be
obtained from an old bed. yard or pasture In
which viUahtoozDM grow, or may be purchased f
in the form of ''brick spawn," which consists J
of dried compost containing spores. I: such is
used the temperature should be be: 73 deg. <
With en abundant supply of spawn it may
be placed in the bed* in blocks lix or eiehi
inches square and two feet apar: but if lim
ited small xaewes- but be put about eirht
inches apart. The spawn should be put nearly
level with the surface of the bed. and lightly
covered with about two inches ofmoin foam.
In about six weeks the mesnrooas oag to
begin to appear. In order to provide for a suc
cession oniy one-seventh of .the bed should be
prepared at a time, a new portion being put in
readiness each week.
ARoryD the Would— a. JL, City. A traveler
can gain or loss a day in making a circuit of
the world. The dropping of a day in going
across the Pacific Ocean westward, say j.-om
Ban Francisco to Yokonama, in Japan, is not
very difficult to understand. If a person -:•::
ing at noonday to travel to the westward, and
could travel as rapidly as the sun— or, more
correctly, as the earth turns eastward on its
ails— it is evident that to him there would be
no rising or setting of the sun; there could be
none, for the sun would hv constantly over
head. In like manner if one were to start ;
eastward at noon ar.d travel at the same j
rapid rate, say 1000 miles *n hour, j
there v.-ould be to him two fall days in '
twenty-four hours, that is to say two sun ris- j
ings, two noons and two sun sets; also two j
nights. The reason lor adding a day or drop- '
ping one while crossing the Pacific, instead of
the Atlantic, Indian or other ocean, is because
the one hundred and eightieth parallel of lone
itude east or west is found there. Tha: is the
point immediately on the opposite side o( the
earth from the observatory in Greenwich, near
London, which navigators uniformly count as
the starting point or aero. In traveling east
ward, or against the ran's apparent course, it
is necessary to drop a day, and forconveniei:ce
and uniformity this Is done at the one hundred
and eightieth parallel. In like manner, in
movinc westwnrd, or with the sun, one day j
mas: be added or counted twice. If this were no;
done the traveler would find, on arriving at his
journey's end that he was either one day ahead
or one behind those whom he had left at home, j
that according as he had gone east or west
around the world he tad gained or lost a day,
both of the week and of tbe month. A vessel
in sailing across the Pacific finds a difference
oi an boar in the sun coming to the noon line j
every fifteen degrees. If a ship sailing eastward i
reaches the one hundred and eightieth degree I
on Wednesday, those »n board call both that ■
day and the next Wednesday; a ship meeting
it at the same point at the same time, but sail
ing westward, would drop Wednesday and call
the day Thursday. The crew on one ship has
two We-Ine.«days in the week and the other has
no Wednesday. The sailors have it that the
Wednesday one chip ha 3 lost was picked up by
the other. - '
LADY'S WAIST.
The pattern snown nere hu a fitted iining,
over which the material is laid ia box-pleau
forming a blouse front, and in the back is
smooth across the top. and laid in two folds at
' the waist. This model is appropriate for any
material.
White lawn with yellow lace and insertion
for the loose sleeve, the revers and V is very ,
dainty. " :
Brown boiiaeds with trimmings embroidered \
batiste of the Eame color over a bright silk is
charming.
Dotted ranslin of pink is exquisite with but
ter-colored Valenciennes each pleat and the
revers. Dresden ribbon for collar and belt
makeasiylish finish.'
S t^K& n^^sV^e^
ra li\^I i\^n Q ,e n rfio°u. bmter - COlorCdVftlencient «
A brown crepon, with trimmings of either
Fs^e- •°stT c i™h r ld€red b tiSte ol natural flax.
SANTA ROSA'S WATER.
The Contract Tor Building the System
Receives a Lift From the
Court.
Judge DainKcrtield has sustained the
demurrer of tbe city of Santa Rosa to the
bill in equity of Wesley Mock, which
prayed for the cancellation of the contract
to construct the proposed water works of
the city and for the recall of the bonds
issued to pay for the wort.
Tbe case was tried in Santa Rosa before
Judge Daineerfield, he taking the place of
JnOg« Dougherty, who was disqualified.
In sustaining the demurrer Judge Pan>
gerrield does so because in the instance of
the lowest bid, one of $130,000 ruade by A.
L. Fish, it is not stated that Fish "was
ready, able and willing to take the con
tract for $130,000 ana that he could obtain
backing for that amount. This incident
should have been leu out altogether, the
court says, or if fraud is reiied on as a
cause of complaint the point snould be
more fully covered by amendment. For
this reason ten days are allowed to amend,
but in commenting in geTeral the court
ahowt some little sympathy with tue
allegations of the complaint.
The accepted bid was one of $161,000.
and the one next 10 it was for $1t>4,900.
The bid of $130,000 had been rejected as
not suitable. It was claimed that the bids
had not been put up at proper sale, for the
one accepted was not based on the plant
an.l jpecirications which governed th*
others. Sonu: chances had been made by
the bidder, and it was contended that as
these changes were not known to the
other bidders there was; therefore, only
one man biddinz on the changed specifica
tions accepted witn the bid. The cor.-t
announces that the bid accepted w,i-;
clearly void, provided the allegations in
th* complaint were taken as correct.
WOMEN'S STATE FEDERATION.
The Convention at Grand Central Hall
Y«-9ter.l:iy Well Attended.
The Women's Federation fc the Public
Good met at (irand Central Hall, f^7 Mar
ket street, yesterdav afternoon. Mrs. Rom
French, the president, opened the meeting
by asking Mrs. Eyster to offer a prayer.
Notwithstanding the inclemency of the
weather eight different societies were rep
resented. The committees on the various
lines of reform work reported encouraging
progress, and their numbers were added to
in all directions of labor. An entirely new
order of worfe known as the "Befriending
Committee." the object of which is to look
after tbc rights of the ignorant poor, was
added to toe already long Jist of commit
tee WOTK.
A number of members spoke on the vari
uestions of reform, and gave their
personal experience and opinions. Among
tne visitors was .Mrs. Green from Santa
who Fpoke at some length on the
-tance^of mother meetings and gen
era: education of mothers.
Mi— North ar.d Mrs. Luce made appro
priate remarKs that were keenly appre
ciate!, stating that the federation mu?t
make a record of good work, and then
many doors would be open to it that are
now clo»ed.
The etmmittees reported they were re
ceived k::;cJy and courteously wherever
they went.
The Canadian >,\ po«ition.
Ther? is aa international expotition that
orwng in Montreal on the 24th of Mey. Got
ernor Budd has appointed the following gen
tlemen as commissioners fcr California: J. A.
Fllcher, P. K. Lilkmsal, J. D. Phelan, Wendell
Easton and Wilifaxa Greer Harrison. Thesa
gentlemen have receive communications from
the Director-General of th» Montreal Expos:-
I tion. notifying them of the appointment* and
asking them to E'-i-t in inducing ; <»rfh.ants 10
send to Montreal articles irtich would repre
•ent California, lv addition to this there ij to
be a great musical competition for bands. Cas
ss.-a's oand is about to proceed to Montreal u>
take partin the competition.
— • — ♦ — • —
Town«ii>d'! special sale — Fresh cn?am mixed
candies, 15c a pound ; worth 35c. *
• — —
Ffeciai. information daily to manafac:ur?rv
business houses and public men by the Pr3?i
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
• — •> — •
"Is your overcoat comiortable. Mac?"
"I don't know. I haven': heard from U «:nce
I hnng it up."— Detroit Free Press.
*■ — ♦ ■ ♦ ■ .
Hi'JBAND's Calcined Magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and imaller dose than other mae
nesia.. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark label. " •
m ♦ »
A monarch who almost never wears gloves
is the King of the Belgians. He dislikes to
cover his hands .en when riding or driving.
The Kinp is an excellent .-.r and oarsman.
He prefers the English isshion of sitting in his
saddle, and likes an English thoroughbred for
amount.
Blood is lite, h«*.:h and fcappi&ess, if i: is par?,
rich and full of vitality. Yon may have pare blood
bytakine Hood's Sarsapari'la, the one true blooi
purifier, Insist r M Hood's.
CHICAGO LIMITED.
VIA <ANTA Xi; KOCTE.
A new train Om^M tx»«ins October 7X
Pullman's Sees; sleep Ing-cars. ves:ibol» reeLlniat
chair cam and dininK-cajj. Lo Aag«:«s to Cat
cast), via Kansas City, witfco-;; chan;e. A:.,-t
cars on sharp connection for I>eaver aul 6:.
1 Louis. Twensy-seven hojr3 quicker ta&a tbe
qnickest comppt'.n? train. Tlie Santa Fe sa» t>*ja
pnt In fine ph.rsicai condition and is now rij* b»s:
traascoaiißrmaS ratiirajr. -
♦ — -♦ — •
"We reccmraend the use of Dr. Siejert's Ango*
tura Bitters to oar friends tvfco sa3« with dyspep
sia.
• — ♦ — •
"Biows's Bbonchui. rr.r<-HK" are of great
tervice in sutxlaln? Hoarsenes3 and Lougts.
Sold only in boxes. Avoid imitation*.
♦ — « — *
Hed] students at Athens are riotous be
cause ■vomen have been admitted to the uni
versity. An Arcaiian recently shot studenr
from Asia Minor in the •chemical laboratorr ir»
a dispute over the question. At Moscow th«
students refuse to attend the lectures of Pro
fessor Sacharin, because he is the court
physician.
»■ ■» — •
Mrs. Langtry's daughter attracts much atten
tion at the Niagara, London's new ana fashion
able stating rink, where she is frequently
seen. Her skill on the ice i* more than ordi
nary, and her beauty rivals that po«*?ssed by
her mother in the days wn«n the phrase
"Jersey Lily was invented.
• NEW TO-DAY.
50-
EXTRA QUALITY
With each pnund is given a
LOVELY DISH
Newest Shapes
Prettiest Decorations
ALSO GIVEN WITH
COLIMA PURE SPICES,
COLIMA BAKING POWDER.
Great American Isprtifli Tea Co.
Sew Store |«JSrS*ti
fl4O Sixth «t.
965 Market it.
333 Hayes «t.
1419 Polk at.
s*l Montg'y »▼«.
3008 Fillmoreat.
fi'rr Cf/vvAn ' 3006 SixteentHat
UIT MOreS. ] 2510 Mls.ion st.
J 818 Third st.
104 Second at.
61? Krsmy »t.
146 Ninth st.
3359 MiMion at.
f 1053 Wanhlngton
f1.1|, l j 917 Broadway.
uasiana. \ I*l §m pabio»T.
1616 K. Twelfth at
11.,™.-.!.. (Park st. and
AlanUtlll i Alamedaat*.
Headqnarten-5% Market St., S. If.
tST We Operate 100 Stores and Ageacie*. .
- WriU for i*riW LUL
y§e^ SPECIAL
I'm Tuesday, Jan. Jsih. To-day onJy.
jl Nut Cracks with Pick,
15 5 cents; bronzed and
fm iacquered: durable, too.
i rjl Complete lists at voar miaminl
AM Largest Department siore.
Smiths* Cash Store,
jl*J '♦^»416,4iaFRONTST,S.F.TUEBI JANUARY 14, 1896 J
AAtUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater.-' -The I.ove Cha«»."
California Thkatkk— "Ol hello."
Columbia THKATEK-"Thc Senator."
Morosco'p Opera-Housk-" A Long Lane. '
TivoLiOPEKA-llocsK.-''lx:on:or, llic Man of
Hi. Wheel. 1 ;
Orphki M.-High-Clnss Vaudeville.
b'BOVKB'x A1.A7.U;.-" My Precious Baby."
Viavi Haii-'-'304 Van »ss avenue— " Health
Talks" to mothers and a.-iuglucrs, to-morrow
tern oo .it 2:30 o'clock.
s-kccttw: CnirrKs.- Daily at Halght street
CI *■ llcck . : Bl of tho Park.
I'aciuc Coast .mm-kicy Club.— Races.
a i CTION SALES.
By Jons 11. ri'-KNcii. -This day (Tuesday),,
•Watches, Jewelry, etc, sit 221 Montgomery St.,
*"by Yon Uhein Co.— Thnrsdav. January 16.
Eea! K<tilt<\ at Salesroom, 513 California street,
at 12oVloc!c
Kaston & Kldiiidce.— Tuesday. January 31,
Beal Ks;ate, at 60S [ark«t street, iv 12 o'clock
noon.
liAi.mviN >t i:\mmiixii. — Thursday, January 23,
Real Kstate, sit 10 '!ont!_omf ry st.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Tonsilitis appenrs to be unusually prevalent
among very young children.
The stockholders of the People's Home Sav
ings Bank have elected a new directory.
•'Cloudy weather and rain" fs predicted for
to-doy by Loral Forecast Official A. McACie.
Downtown poolsellers employed women to
get their horse news out of theliigleslde track.
. The Socialist Labor party is preparing to put !
a Socialist ticket in the field in the next cam
paign.
The new directors of the Home Savings Bank
propose to sell property to raise money to pay
dividends.
A motion to strike out Alfred Clarke's vol
untary petition in insolvency has been made
to Judge Slack.
William Keith, the landscape-painter, makes
some new discoveries in the art of producing
Impressionistic effects.
Dr. Luke Robinson has hopes that work on
the proposed Mary Help Hospital may be com
pleted iv about a year.
Mrs. Mary Heckle is suing the Southern
Pacific for $50,000 for the death of her son at
Anderson, Shasta County.
Rev. '.v W. Case delivered an Interesting
sermon on the gambling mania at the Howard
M. E. Church. Sunday evening.
The winners at Ingleside yesterday were
Braw Scott, Wyoming, Ed Kearney, imp. Star
Ruby, Ransom and Rey del Bandidos.
Attorney Barclay Henley while dismounting
from a Pacific-avenue car Sunday fell and was
severely though not dangerously hu rt.
John Wagner, a sailor, was arrested last
night For assault to murder Peter Lar3en in a
sailors' botrding-house, 5-17 Howard street.
Rev. Francis King urged the abolition of
capital punishment yesterday in a paper read
before the Presbyterian Ministerial As.-uiatiou.
The denials of motions for new trials in the
Sternberg cases have met different fates in the
Supreme Court. One has been amrrned and
one reversed.
The executors of the Heydenteldt estate are
Eueinir to recover possession of five dividends
frr>m the Zeila Mining Company erroneously
held dv them.
The Board of Supervisors rejected the Wa?
ner poolroom ordinance and passed the meas
ure ohibiting bookmaking ou t>i<ie of race
track* to rint yesterday.
Enrique Cano, a jeweler, after creating a
scene in Judge Low's court yesterday, was ar
rested on a warrant charging him witn threat
ening to kill A. Ruffs, his former landlord.
Levi Strauss, Louis Sloss, J. L. Flood and
George W. McNear have subscribed $1000 for
electric wires for the University Library, and
nothing is now in the way of lighting it up at
niuht.
Judge Daingerfield has sustained the de
murrer of the city Santa Rosa t>> the bill in
equity praying to have the awarding of the
contract for building. the water supply system
set aside.-
John T. GrifF.n has been sentenced to twenty
years' imprisonment by Judge Wallace for rob
bery. Griffin was convicted of robbinc \\il
liara Conley ot £23, having first hit h:s victim
over the head with a club.
Mate Robert Douglas of the ship M. P. Grace
was arrested by the Federal authorities yester
day for cruelty to seamen. The captain, John
D. Winters, has been held, awaiting the action
of the United States Grand Jury.
George Hollumus, a boy peddler, on trial for
peddling without a license, pretended it Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday that he could j
not understand English, but forgot his cue, |
and may be adjudged guilty of contempt.
Emil Bnbner, steward of the British ship
Hosperder, lying in the stream, wns coming
out of the pantry last nieht, when he slipped
find fell, breaking his left collar-bone, which
was attended to at the Receiving Hospital.
stant Treasurer Berry yesterday received
the rcularof the Secretary of the" Treasury
inviting proposals for the $100,000,000 worth
of 4 per cent coupon or registered bonds which
the Treasury Department proposes to issue.
The man who was run over by a Mission
electric-car on Sunday night near" Ingleside
died yesterday morning, and last evening the
body was identified hs that of Antonio Panani,
a laborer lor the Spring Valley Water Company.
The report of the State Superintendent of
Public Instruction, showing the amount of
school funds to be received by each county for
the first apportionment for 1396; was received
by Auditor Broderick yesterday, showing that
if the second apportionment is equal to that ot
la>t year the back salaries of i-an Francisco
teachers may be paid.
THE DEADLY TONSILITIS.
A New Enemy of Childhood
Abroad Among the City's
Homes.
Marked Prevalence of the Disease
Among the Very Young— The
Knife Often Required.
Child-life seems hedged about with dan
ger. Croup, diphtheria and whooping
cough have long terrorized the fathers and
■ 'thers of the City's future men and wo
men, and now, as though there were not
tbOOfl enough, comes tonsilitis. grim
and mysterious, to profane and disturb the
sacred happiness which ought fo reign
within the sanctuary of the home.
Dr. Robert A. McLean, when spoken to
on the subject, said he had met with a
lar^e number of cases of the disease since
the commencement of the present winter.
At the same time he did not consider the
disease in any sense epidemic. In fact
• v ry winter he had been obliged to attend
inrge numbers of cases of tonsilitis, prin
cipally among children.
Dr. "F. F. Lord said he had noticed a
greater prevalency. of cases among very
young children this year than ever before.
Further, he said :
I do not believe there is any prospect of the
disease becoming . pidexniC, but it certainly is
unusually common at present, and I am at a
loss to account for the fact. As a general rule
it may be stated that tonsilitis in children
comes from a neglected or unskillfully treated
sore throat. J'arcuts and nnrses attempt to
cure the children under their charge by em
ploying simple gargles, bands of flannel and
other household remedies, good enough in
their way, but not always sufliciently effective,
Afi^r a lesson of thin unscientific treatment
the child's nature may be able to throw oft' the
affection, but in mciiy cases the inflammation
temporarily Allayed in the- larynx passes to
the tonsils, and then the dreaded tonsilitis in
a mild or violent mmi, as the case may be, is
the result.
When the disease is well advanced and the
tonsils are ulcerated the most efficient remedy
U amputation of one Jontil or both, as the case
may equire. This operation was formerly at
tended with some degree of peril, owing to the
danger of severing the carotid artery, but now
a uewly Invented insti iment is used, which
grasps ana elevate* the tonsil, 1.-nving the
artery entirely out of ih e range of the knife.
ionsilitis is beldom fatal, except in cases where
the ulceratiou is io wide spread as to involve
the carotid artery, in this event no time
jhouid be tost in having an operation pcr
lori^d, which may prove successful unless
tii%Jceration be too far advanced
■
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Rough Experience of the Steamer
Australia in a Hurri
cane.
TWO BOATS SWEPT AWAY.
Comments of British Ship Captains on
the Less of the Janet
Cowan.
The passenpers on the steamer Australia, '
which arrived from Honolulu yesterday,
had a very rongh experience. Ten hour?
after the l>i« vessel was tinder way a kur- !
ricane came up which lasted until the
coast of California was reached. Sea after
' sea broke over the steamer, and Captain
j Houdlettc is now open to confess that he
1 never knew what a magnificent sea boat
j the Australia was before this voyage. The
I seas ran noun tains bich and every once
THE OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S STEAMER AUSTRALIA IN THE HURRICANE WHEN ON HER WAY FROM
HONOLULU TO SAN FRANCISCO.
in a while one of them would come than- j
dering aboard, flooding the cabins and :
doing considerable damage.
Ten feet above the upper deck were the |
lifeboats strapped into the davits. One
big sea came along and breaking aboard
aft caught up two of the boats and carried
them away in an instant. The crockery j
and glassware in the pantry suffered con- ;
siderably, but luckily no one was hurt.
"The Australia behaved like the splendid |
ship she is," said Captain Houdlette yes- :
terday. "During all the time I have been
running to the South Seas I never .saw
such a storm, an<l yet there was never an
instant that there was any dan Re*. Hun
dreds of tons of water would pour on ;
board from eadn succeeding wave, but
never a bolt gave and there is not a strain
from stem to stern. The only serious dam
age was the loss of our boats. 11
The cabin passengers on the Australia
were: Miss Boy d, Mrs. E. I. Bishop, Mr.
and Mrs. Cowan, J. 11. Carter, Mrs. B. F. ,
Dillingham, Mrs. Field, Judge Vv". I".
Frear, Miss T. Goodall, 11. Hugo. A. Hans,
G. W. Irvine, \V. A. Johnson, Mijs Kerr,
11. F. Lewis, Mrs. T. vV. W*lkin§ton, H.
A. Widemann and 11. A. \Vid<-mann Jr.
Mrs. Walkington had to be assisted from
the steamer in a stretcher. She was on j
her way to San Francisco on the steamer
China, and during the pale in which that
vessel whs caught she was thrown from
her berth and dangerously injured. At j
Honolulu she was taken to the hospital, j
but she would not remain and insisted !
upon coming home on the Australia.
Miss I. Goodall, daughter of Captain i
Charles Goodall, and Miss Boyd, were j
with Mrs. Walkington, and they remained I
over at Honolulu with her. ana all three
came on to this City together. Mrs. Walk- ;
I ington is injured internally, and it will be j
1 months before she is able to be about j
\ again.
From the accounts brought from Hono- !
1 lulu, it appears that the captain of the |
Mioweradid everything possible for the !
| disabled steamer Strathnevis. The steel I
t and rcanilla hawsers parted three times, '
| and a fourth time new ones were bent and ;
! put aboard again. A Mr. Holland of
Ottawa, one of the passengers, writing of i
the last attempt, says, under date of i
December si:
Between midnight and 1 A. m. the wind was
blowing » gale, and the ten-inch manilla !
Hawser snapped like a thread. We still held j
our tow with i lie six-inch wire cable, but in
side of half an hour a great st a hit the Stratli
nevis, the cable parted, and in almost as short
a time ns it takes me to describe it she was car- I
ried away out of sight on the wings of the gale, j
A shudder treat through the officers end crew. !
They felt it was a hopeless case. In the mean
time we lay to all night, the seas rolling clean
over our decks. One monster wave cleaned off
the porch that sheltered the captain's cabin
dooi, broke in the skylights and damaged the j
alley-way between the staterooms. Our trunks j
were chasing each other round our stateroom, j
but J jumped from my berth cud secured them
from possible damage by piling them in be
hind a coal chute.
The next morning there wns no sign of |
the Strathnevis, so the Miowera was put j
on her course for Honolulu.
The steamer City of Panama got in yes
terday afternoon after an unusually long
passage of 30 days from Panama and way
ports. About fifty miles south of Acanulco i
a little steamer, supposed to he the Bar- !
clay Golden with Antonio E/.eta aboard, \
was sighted. It was at night and as soon I
as the tug sighted the steamer all her tights i
were at once put out. Captain Searles |
watched the little vessel for some time
throng:, his glasses, but he could not make
ncr out. The Panama Drought up 11 cabin j
and 'Si steerage passengers. She had a fair |
weather passnge except on December 30,
when a heavy gale was encountered. .It j ;
did no damage and did not delay the ves
sel. When the steamer was at Panama i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
! -Major Charles Radford of Virginia was
Btill under sentence of death for shooting
Charles Simmons, a banker, at Cali. Rad
i ford was to have been shot a month ago,
but the United States Consul interfered
and the matter of. the kiliinyis being again
investigated. '
Superintendent of Towboats and Dred^- |
! ers Haste of the Harbor Commission is in
trouble, and Commissioner Cole says his
head is likely to fall. In return Haste in
sists that the Commissioner has been
down on him ever since he was appointed
and seeks every ooportunity to injure
mm. The charges against Haste have
been preferred by W. Deacon of the Mam-
Street Iron "Works, and yesterday after
noon President Colnon and Commissioner
Chad bourne were investigating them.
Haste says Deacon is Drejudiced against
him becac.se of a quarrel they had over an '
! air pump a year ao. Anyhow, the
i charges have been made and the superin
tendent will have to clear himself at tne
mi eting to be held this afternoon.
The yacht Jessie will go on the drydock
to-morrow and will be prepared for her
I voyage to the Columbia River. A few
i days ago it looked as though the deal
would fall through, as Mac.donough de
manded $6000 cash, and the pilots could
not raise the money. They paid $2000
': down, and finally at the last moment
some wealthy resident of Astoria put up
the balance. As soon as she reaches As
i toria the Jessie will be put into conimis
i sion as a Columbia River pilot-boat.
The loss of the British ship Janet Cowan
wast c one topic of conversation among
i British shipmasters yesterday. One and
1 all praised "Captain Thompson as an able
j seaman and careful navigator. They as
sert lie was not a drinking man, and char
j acterize ihe stories of his bsing drunk at
the time the ship went ashore as base fab
| rications. Captain William Philip Jr. of
tii'- British brig Strathdon voices their
• uients aa follows:
San Francisco, Jan. 13, lson.
In the morning papers of this City there ap
i peared an account of the loss of the Briti-h
ship .Inner Cowan, the article dealing with
| various allegations purporting to be made by
the 'Trw of the wrecked vessel. The reporter,
■ while he calmly accepts the gospel 01 these
ments, if ever they were really and tmly
made, makes no bones of recording, almost in
tin- Mime brenth, that the men who spoke in
this way acted as only n. sot of unprincipled
looting the master's cabin and store
rooms directly they got a chance, and leaving
the mate he pless and disabled in the tazarette.
On the testimony of these men the character
! of n, man plat ed in command of a large ship,
i valuable property and the lives of thirty men,
ilessly Blandered, »nd I feel tha; the man
i or men who wrote these heartless fabrications
ghonld learn the grand axiom, "De mortuis
nil iii-i bonum."
allegation made by the correspondent or
reporter shows how Ignorant these writers of
ries may be ot ihe sea and seafaring
men. chief officers do not tender ml vice gratis
anu recommend their superior officer in com
mand to follow in the wake of schooners
or oth'-r craft; nor do gentlemen criticize
superior officers' stubbornness, Insobriety
particularly, if thin individual happens to be
(lead ai:d unable to defend himself. Ship
masters are frequently fifteen or twenty years
older thai their chief officers, and from' this
fact alone can be supposed to know mure about
the working of a snip, at any rate, Uian any
one else on board.
The loss of the Janet Cowan briners, as usual,
the "I told you so" man to the fore, and what
manner of" man is more obnoxious or self
opinionated'.'
I have never had the pleasure of meeting
Captain Thompson, but o i the testimony ot his
friends and acquaintances in this town I take
up the cudgel in behalf of an English gentle
man who lost his life in the heroic efforts of
Baying other lives and valuable property ; and
no more unfeeling and degenerate action can
be indulged in than that of vilifying a man
who' is dead and whose mouth is sealed until
the great judgment day, when happily the re
porter who wrote those outrageous statements
Will have to appear and take his eternal medi
cine.
In conclusion, I would add that it I had the
hearing of the naval court, these same pilfer
ing seamen, if thieves they be, those models of
sobriety, the passenger and chief officer, would
receive but scant mercy at my hands. That
they owe their lives to the clemency of the
Almighty is a recognized fact. How well they
have repaid that merciful extension is also too
patent. William Phillips Jr,
British brigStrathdon.
THE VETERAN VOLUNTEERS.
One of the Associations That Turned
Out at thr> Monument Unveiling.
Through error the name of the Vet
eran Volunteer Firemen's Association
was omitted from the report of the
unveiling of the Scannell monument
in Monday morning's paper. As a matter
of fact the turnout of this society was one
of the features of the event. Its oflieerß
are: President, J. H. Mahoney; first
vice-president, J. S. Marshall; second
vice-president, G. Carlisle; third vice
president, J. Hayden; recording secretary,
W. A. Scollay; financial secretary, Gus
Pohimann; treasurer, W. Fahrenkrucr;
board of directors, F. A. Will, S. Bunner.
W. Kaubinger, T. Cornell; trustees, W.
McMann, 0. Dunker, W. S. Edwards.
■Willing to Come Back.
Chief Crowley received a dispatch yestcrdny
iiiiriiing from Detective Anthony, New York,
that ex-District Attorney Page of this City was
willing to return without raising any objec
tions. The probability is that Anthony would
leave at once with his prisoner. Page is under
indictment for embezzling $4000 belonging to
en insane ward.
FOR A POSTAL PRIMARY.
The Junta Takes Up Max Pop
per's Scheme of Voting
Through the Mail.
THE WAY TO GET A BIG VOTE.
If the New Election Commission Fail
the Postal Plan Will Have
Its First Trial.
The Junta is ready to hold its little
family primary for the election of a new
| genera! committee now. Max Popper, W.
| P. Sullivan, Sam ael Braunnart and Gavin
: McNab, the active and ostensible leaders,
and John Daggett, Sam Kainey and the
! other anti-Euckiey powers in the back
! ground, are waiting only for the decision
j of the Supreme Court on the legality of
i the new election commission.
! It having been arranged that the election
commission should appoint the five pri
mary election olticers for each district, the
(hinder of the Commissioners steppine out
of oflice any day now and giving place to
the old commission is one that directly
affects the primary plans of the Junta. If
the new commission is sustained prepara
; tions for a club primary similar to the one
held by the Buckley faction Saturday
; night will probably be made at once.
If the commission is knocked out some
thing else will be done. In anticipation
j of that the idea of holding the election
according to Max Poppers postal primary
'. plan is being favorably discussed, and it is
: more than likely that the scheme will be
i carried out.
This will be a marked innovation in po
■ litical methods. It will be remembered by
many that the postal primary plan was
much discussed in 18H4. The idea orig
inated in the brain of a member of the
Non-Partisan organization of Los Angeles
about that time and it «as taken up and
elaborated by Max Popper here a little
: while before the time tor the municipal
Democratic primary of thai year that was
I not held after all. Popper at last decided
that it could not be used at that primary,
because the enrollment was not legitimate,
i but he helped express the plan in a postal
primary bill presented to the last Leg
| islature but not passed.
If it be taken up now and put into prac
j tice for the first time election officers,
j polling-places, ballot-boxes, election rules
! and smrh matters of expense and labor will
■ be avoided. The committee of twenty -live
i in charge of the primary will have ballots
j printed in the Australian style, and one
ballot will be mailed to every voter whose
; name is on the Junta's roll. The anti
: iJuckleyite who gets the ballot will I c re
j quested to simply put a cross opposite the
I names he wishes" to vote for and remail the
i ballot to the primary committee.
No definite reports of the J unta's enroll
; ment have been given out, but it is de
| clared to be about fiOOO. The election cx
i pense, then, would be 4 cents for each
I name or $240 for stamps, besides the print
j ing bills. This would be cheaper than the
regular style and a heap easier.
The chief consideration that recommends
this plan to the Jun»a leaders is the fact
> that they can get a far bigger vote that
i way. The people who have signed the
i Junta's rolls art' largely of the class who
never bother with a primary and never
would. The Buckleyites could get the
boys to turn out and roll un WXK) votes just
as a display of strength, but at a perfunc-
I tory primary, where there is no issue, the
Junta could not count on a heavy vote.
Then the Buckleyites would laugh at
| them. It is important to the Junta to dis
i play as much voting strength as possible.
and so Max Popper's primary suddenly
looms up as a good thing worth pushing
clear through. It is possible that the pian
will be carried out as a matter of expedi
; ency, even if the new election commission
be sustained.
The old and the new Buckley general
committees will meet next Monday even
i ing in Odd Fellows' HaLl. The old com
mittee will wind up its business and make
its final bow, and the new committee will
bow and elect a chairman, who will make
another bow. It seems likely thai James
H. O'Brien will be the chairman of the
new committee.
At the primary Saturday night the
total number of votes polled was 6431.
The total enrollment was 11,767. The fol
lowing is a complete statemrnt of the
vote and its enrollment by districts:
Twenty-eight District, 845-553 ; Twentv
ninth, 335-849; Thirtieth. 427-970; Thirty
first, 'Jl 1-841: Thirty-recond, 48:M)26; Thirty
third, 324-934 ; Thin y-fourtn, 380-597 ; Thirty
fifth, 420-530; Thirty-sixth. 780-1171; Thirty-
Eeventb, 413-490; Thirty-eighth, 182-338;
Thirty-ninth, 242-459; Fortieth, 823-691:
Forty-first, 489-841; Forty-second, 190-293;
Forty-third, 203-348; Forty-fourth, 360-530;
Forty-fifth, 251-395.
It is not now anticipated that the State
committee will meet before the latter part
of February.
DELAWARE SINGLE-TAXEHS.
Dr. K. S. Law of New York Predict*
Success for the Reformers.
Dr. R. S. Law, a prominent mining in
vestor of New York City, is in this City
fora few days, and will remain on the
coast for a couple of weeks or more. Dr.
Law, though a man of considerable wealth
and much activity in the mining indus
try, is also an enthusiastic single-taxer.
Just before he left the East for Califor
nia he made a tour of Delaware, where the
great single-tax battle is now going on,
and made speeches in ail of the larger
cities and towns. He brings to the single
taxers of San Francisco most cheering re
ports of the Delaware campaign.
"We simply can't help winning in that
State," said he yesterday. "Already we
have made 10,000 converts out of the 36,000
voters in the State, and 6000 of these we
can depend upon for all emergencies. The
election is not until next fall, and our
campaign 13 going along with enthusiasm
all the time. There are but three counties
in the State, and we keep twenty-five good
single-tax orators there continually. The
meetings are surprisingly well attended.
I talked to crowded booses, to audiences
that numbered over 2000 men and women.
Congressman Maguire was well received
there and did splendid work. It is the
same in both parties. Both Republicans
and Democrats attend the meetings and
become converts. Congressman Maguire's
name is cheered now wherever mentioned
in Delaware. The single tax will surely
prevail in Delaware at the fall elections."
A RAILROAD'S NEGLECT
Result of Leaving a Splintered
Crossing Between the
Rails.
Mrs. Mary Heckle Is Suing the
Southern Pacific for the Death
of Her Son.
A bit of neglect on the part of the South
ern Pacific Company in constructing a
crossing at Anderson station in Shasta
County cost the life of Claude L. Heckle, a
brakeman, and has caused a lawsuit for
$50,000 damages from his mother, whose
only support he was.
The crossing at Anderson was like a great
many more — built by laying boards be- I
tween the rails— but the particular one in
question was not finished as the law di
rects. Trie ends of the boards must be
beveled off co that no sharp corner will
present itself to any one walking along the
track, or if this is not done the roadbed
must be ballasted up to a level with the
boards for the same reason. The crossing
at Anderson was not beveled off, nor was
the roadbed raised to cover the step, and
on account of this neglect the brakeman
was killed.
The brakebeams of passing cars used to
catch in the ends of the planks, and it was
not long before they were torn and splin
tered and the loose slivers of wood stood
much i igher than the rails. On Septem
ber 9, 1895, Heckle was at Anderson, and
that night he started to couple the detached
sections of a long freight train. He was
walking down the track near the erosa&ne,
intending to couplo two cars-, when his
foot struck the splintered end of the planks
of the croseinn and he stumbled forward.
The end of the train he had intended to
couple was upon him before he regained
his footing, and throwing him down, the
cars passed over his legs. Both his feet
were cut off, and he died two days after.
An action to recover $50,000 damages
was commenced by the mother of the
brakeman, and the case came on for trial
before Judge Daingerfield yesterday.
Delmas & Shortridge appeared lor the
plaintiff, and Joseph Campbell, for the
railroad, opposed them. Mrs. Heckle was
called to the stand to tell me condition of
her son, and the care he received just after
the accident. She saia her sou had been
her only support. Waiter H. Dudley had
been examined under oath some time
aeoj as he expected to be absent from the
City when the trial came up. He was still
absent, so Mr. Delmas read his deposition
until he came to that part telling what the
injured man had said to Dudley after
the accident, and telling how the ac
cident occurred. Mr. Campbell objected
to this, and the jury was allowed to go un
til the lawyers could argue the question of
the admissibility of the testimony.
Heckle's statement of how the accident
occurred, made just before he died, will lie
an important portion of the plaintiff's
case.
WHO VOTES THE STOCK
The Grangers' Bank Directors
Threatened With an In
junction.
Probable Trouble Over Voting Stock
of To-day's Meeting of Share
holders.
The stockholders of the Grangers' Bank
will probably run against a snag at their
meeting to-day. It is understood that A.
D. Logan, the largest debtor and the larg
est shareholder, will serve the bank with
an injunction against voting his stock,
which was long ago assigned to it as par
tial security for tha large sums he loaned
himself while president of the institution.
Mr. Logan owns 2200 of the 10,000
shares; and until Mr. La Kue was elected
president last year filled that position for
many years. While in that position he
manased to loan himself about $175,000.
He owns a number of warehouses and in a
way was a rival in business of the bank.
As security for the money he borrowed he
gave some of these warehouses and as
signed about 1200 shares of his stock.
As a debtor it is much to his interest to
have something to say in how the wind
ing-up of tne affairs of the bank shall be
conducted.
The shares having been assigned to the
bank, the directors will naturally claim
the right to vote them in the interest of
the stockholders and the creditors, and if
there are any close votes in to-day's meet
ing the question of who shall vote Mr.
Logan's shares will be a matter of con
sequence.
The meeting to-day of the shareholders
will be the first since the bank's suspen
sion.
BAR ASSOCIATION OFFICERS.
Robert Y. Hayne Chosen President for
the Ensuing Year.
Following is a list of officers of the Bar
Association elected at the meeting held
January 11, to serve for the year 1896:
Robert Y. Hayne, president; William H.
Filield, senior vice-president; A. 0. Free
man, junior vice-president; E. B. Holla
day, recording secretary ; Warren Gregory,
corresponding secretary; John M. Bur
nett, treasurer; Alfred Wheeler. M. B.
Kellogg, W. A. I'lunkett, E. H. Rixford,
W. F. Herrin, trustees.
NEW TO-DAY. :. \iv
' " Pure and Sure:"
baking P^vper,
Every ingredient used in making Cleveland's bak-
ing powder is plainly printed on the label, information
not given by makers of other powders. w
Recipe book free. Send stamp and address, Cleveland Baking Powder Co., N. Y.
PLIGHT OP A PICKLE HH
Charles Shrakkarts Trampled
Upon Mrs. Anita Eggert's
Affections.
SHE NOW DEMANDS $10,000
While Falling in Love He Was at
Law With His Daughter Over
the Family Piano.
Charles Shrakkarts is the proprietor of
the South End Pickle Factory, at 718 Bry
ant street, and a dashing widower of 65
years of ace. When Charles Shrakkarts
is not preserving the fat green cucumber
in strong vinegar and making sauerkraut
he is making love. It goes without saying
that he is more successful in pickles than
in love, because Mrs. Anita Eggert, a Ger
man lady and the last object of his af
fection, is preparing to sue him
for breach of promise, and considers
that her tender heart and peace of mind
has been damaged $10,000 worth. She has
sought her attorneys, Nowlin & Fassett,
and her tale of woe has moved that law
firm to call the pickle man to an account
ing.
During last August Mrs. Shrakkarts, the
mother of his son and tive daughters, died.
I and in a few weeks later the saddened hus
i band was pouring out his heart a votive
offering at Cupid's shrine. His new love
was Mrs. Eisenbruck, the mother-in-law
jof one of his married daughters. While
he was thus engaged he was carrying on a
suit against another daughter in the
i Justice Court. When his wife died
! sne Jeft word that the family piano
should be given to this girl, who was the \
youngest of her children and unmarried.
Shrakkarts. who is described by his neigh
bors as being one of the most stubborn
men e% - er created and who was always at .
war with his children, stood guard over that j
disputed instrument night and clay. His
mulish persistency wore the whole family
out and the young lady sued her
: father for her mother's gift. The
j late Mrs. Shrakkarts, it may be men
tioned, received considerable money from
her father upon her marriage,* while
j her husband was only endowed with a
knowledge of pickles, The children took
i the stand apainst their father, and the case
was dec'ded against him. He immedi
ately appealed to the Superior Court, and I
' the second trial will take place in Febru- •
ary.
By the good offices of his daughter, Mrs.
Eisenbruck No. 2, he escaped from the ex
pensive love of her mother-in-law, Mrs.
I Eisenbruck Xo. 1.
However, he was ready for more adven
tures, for he confided to friends his belief
in the scriptural assertion that it "was not
good for man to live alone," and
he for one did not propose to do
so. He soon fell under the fascina
tions of Mrs. Anita Eggert, a buxom
widow of about 40 years of age, living at
; 94S Mission street. She cooks the lunch
; and other eatables for the Golden Bell i
| saloon, at 1073 Market street, and is an old
! acquaintance of the proprietor of that place. |
I It was there he first met her and then '
i probably while sampling thewidow Eggert's !
cooker}' and the saloon man's liquids he j
; importuned her to be another Mrs. Charles j
Shrakkarts. His course of true km; did
| not always run smooth even in the Golden
! Bell, for the barkeeper several times i
i "bounced"' him when he had become too j
i full of love and liquor, and informed the j
! habitues of the place that the old man was i
I not wanted there.
But with his old-time persistency he
pressed his suit with the cook, and in her
confession to her lawyorshe says he kissel
her "t'ousands of times" and ioved her
•'better as anything."
One night he was ejected from the place
by the proprietor, who possibly was jeal
ous, and from that hour he repudiated the
Golden Bell saloon and its fair cook. But
the end was not then nor is it yet. She
threatened breach of promise proceedings
and demanded the gift of a hoii3e and lot
on Bryant street. The property belonged
to the late Mrs. Shrakkarts, but Shrak
karts, to gain time, agreed. They were all
to meet at an attorney's office when the
deed was to be made out, but, of course,
the pickle man failed to appear and the
widow began the first move in her $ 10,000
damage suit.
When seen last evening she acknowl
edged that her affections had been blighted
in that penal sum, but would not give any
details of the methods by which Shrakkarts
won her love. She expects that he will
settle on some good financial basis without
going to law. As he is not worth $10,000
it is hard to see where a possible judgment
in her favor will benefit her to that amount
unless she hopes to secure the output of
pickles from the factory for years to come.
Shrakkarts, with his usual vigor, will fight
the case, and, with the piano suit in one
hand and the widow in the other, he will
be pretty well employed all summer.
CLARKE'S INSOLVENCIES.
He May Not Be Able to Put In His Own
Petition.
There was to have been a meeting of the
creditors of Alfred Clarke before Judge
Slack yesterday, but there was a hitch in
the proceedings instead and &o the meet
ing went over. The meeting was to have
been in pursuance of Clarke's voluntary
petition in insolvency recently filed.
When the case was called Attorney
Olney asked the court to strike out
Clarke's voluntary petition, as he was
already insolvent. Clarke has for two
years and more been struggling through
the courts under an involuntary petition
in insolvency filed by his creditors and
not by himself. Clarke thought that by
filing a petition of his own he could head
off a great deal of this litigation, but the
motion of Mr. Olney made yesterday
shows that the voluntary petition will not
supplant the involuntary petition with
out a fight.
The case went over to give Clarke an
opportunity to ar^ue in his own behalf.
. A Useless Plea of Guilty.
Frederick J. Traweek was married in Marin
County first, where he wedded Madeline Fair
fax in 1893. Then in a year and a half, hav
ing left his wife and hearing that she had
secured a divorce, he went down intocala
veras County and married Viola Peck. He
then came to this City and was arrested on
complaint of his first wife on a charge of
bigamy.
He pleaded not guilty first, but on the ad
vice of his attorney he withdrew his plea of
not guilty And pleaded guilty yesterday morn
ing. He was then iiifonueii by Judge Wnllaco
that the court had no jurisdiction over the
case, and attorney and client left the court
room, the one a free man and the other much
perplexed.
-=^=^===
rRICDLAIIQLR.OOTTLOB« <?• itMtSAnariMMUtty*
IT T NOT
DOES | TAKE
A Surgical Operation to
Put through the houds of th© people
IVh:it a good play is.
Everybody came last night
lo 'cc the Miperb
FRAWLEY COMPANY
[^
[the seitobH
The Perfection or All Great American i'!ays.
New and Magnificent Scenery t'
Klegant Costumes!
SKATS-15C, 25c, 50c and 75c.
Next Tuesday— ''THE ENSIGN."
iBBri»^TM IEMTRE *( =p^ ? s
Every Kveninsr 1 Matinee Sa:urday!
Second and I-a-t Week of
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
Anil a Carefully Selected Company.
TO-NIGHT (TUESDAY), WEDNKSDAY AND
THURSDAY— A Maznificent Revival
•oi Bberldan Knowles 1 Comedy,
"THE LOVE CHASE."
Friday Night ami bat. Matinee ■CAMII.I.E"
Haturday and Sunday. "AS UNEQUAL MATCH"
THEATRE P«OPS.
LAST WEEK! LAST MATINEE SAT. OP
America's Representative Tragedian,
MR. LOUIS JAMES.
TO-NIGHT (By Request),
"OTIIEIjIjO ! r »
Wednesday and Su nday "MACBETH"
Thursday "MARMION"
; Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee
; "KO.MEO AND JULIKT"
Saturday Night "HAMLET"
Next Weelt— "lN OH> KENTUCKY."
EMPHATIC SUCCESS OF
"MYPEECIOIJSBABY!"
I Many of the funniest scenes on the stage.
"Right you are! *' says Moses.
"WEDNESDAY POP" /MATINEE!
Ice Cream, Cake and Popular
Novels for Everybody.
Saturday Matinee— Dolls for Everybody.
Nigrht Prices— lOc. 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
Matinee Prices— loc, 15c, 25c. No higher
Saturday Night— WOLVES OP NEW YORK.
TIVOLfoPERA-HOUSE
| MEs.tKXKsiiNtKEi'ijNri I'ropripuK <s ilaaj;3:
TO-NIG-HT
25th PERFORMANCE sth
SPECIAL SOUVENIR NIGHT!
_ Of the Brilliant Burlesque,
x IXIOKT. x
I KALEIDOSCOPIC VIEWS I
0 —of— o
THE HEAVENS. THE EARTH V
N AND THE SEA. N
"TIREAT FOR YOUNG" AND OLIjT""
BUING THE CHILDRKN !
Popular Prices— and 500.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The riandsoinest Family Theater in Anvrica.
WALTKK MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Sedley Brown's Great Pastoral Play,
"A LONG LANE!"
A Tale of Strong Interest
Dealing With 3lodern American liife.
f.vExiNo PBICX3 — i;nl .V) 3.
Family Circle r.nd Gallerr. 10c.
Usual aiatincea Saturday »na »uiulit.
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Street. Between Stoct;oa ani P^■»^l•.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING TnE WEEK
REMARKABLE SEW ATTRACTIONS!
A UXIFOKMtY SUPEKB BILL!
GILMORE AND LEONARD,
MONS. WM. ROBERTS,
MANHATTAN COAIEDY FOUR,
A H n
OUR ALL-STAB COMPANY.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Open caalri
aiid Box seats. 50c. - ■". .
TWELVE
WITTER .-.HEALTH /.TALKS
To Mothers anil Daughters tfiUJ
Will Be Given at the Viavi Hall,
2304 VAN NESS AVENUE,
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOONS at 2:30 o'clock
Beginning January 15, 1896.
NO ADMIB SION CHARGED.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Iftgleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(BAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern Facitlc trains at Third and Tom*
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. ic
Tare for round trip, including admission to grand
I stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track.
• A. B. SPRECKKLS, "VV. S. LBAKE.
President. ' Secretary.
LOTS OF FUN .
Mioolin; tbe Ciiutes and Tripping th<> TrolleyX
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS
Children (including a Herry-Go-Bound lUde;, 10c.
78
IN SUPPORT OF
THE ARMENIANS
A Strong Protest Against
Turkish Cruelties
Adopted.
DETAILS OF ATROCITIES.
They Cause Murmurs of Horror
Among the Vast As
semblage.
SOME ELOQUENT ADDRESSES
Free America Urged to Ask Indifferent
Europe to Act in Human
ity's Cause.
It was an audience thoroughly and in
tensely in accord with the object of the
meeting that called them together which
filled Metropolitan Han la s t night.
The purpose of the gathering was to ex
press the sentiment of the people of San
Francisco in reference to the horrible Ar- ;
menian atrocities, the accounts of which
have daily for some time past shocked the
of the entire civilized world.
It was an audience vastly different from
that which is found at the ordinary mass- !
meeting held to agitate some question of
local or National importance. Instead of
being made up of politicians aud voters
there was a large number of the
gentler sex present, and the platform was
I with some of the most eminent
divines and public-spirited men of the
( i:y.
And the speakers found ready response j
to their appeals to patriotism, freedom, ''
humanity ana justice; to their denuncia
tions of the barbarities of the Kurds, the
utions practiced by the Turks and
the shamefnl indifference of the European
powers, and to their graphic portrays
the horrible s-ufferinea of the Armenians.
Mayor Butro presided and in calling the
meeting to order said that he wished to
draw particular attention to the impor- j
tance of it. He then continued:
who live at ease in the land of peace cnn
faaraly realize that, in these last flays of the ■
.nth century, ttaousan Is of men,
women and children aro being brutally put to
with every I • rage and torture. !
• again the ''unsj/eak-
Purk Las difi] layed his fanaticism; once
again he has drenched the lin<l with blood;
once again he has manifested lu~ utter :n
--capacity for civilized restraints, his innate
cruelty and barbarity.
The far East, out of which come the races, '
:gions and civilizations of the w
the fa- West — the most ancii
■ iea to the youngest— in a voice of laraen- ■
ir.ti<-in for the sufferings and wrongs of her
children in c voice that shall be heard and
heeded; forit Is high time that action should
■n, nnce and for all, to hew off and do
generate and pestiferous member j
of the government or" the world.
Here, on the shores of the Pacific Ocean, we
La day gathered to enter our solemn i>ro
test apairst the atrocities, crimes ando-.-
:\e for year- been and are now being
trated In Armenia. }or months there
have been almost daily accounts of this merci
•iughter of the Christiana by me Mos
lems.
All kinds of pretenses have been made in
regard to these barbarities. The real reason,
however, is undoubtedly the religious fanati- ■
cism of the Mohammedans. All nations are j
more or less tinged with superstition p.nd ;
fanaticism, and even we, the inhabitants of
these enlightened United States, are not
wholly free from it. In the Turks, how- i
ever, it amounts to a disease. I have
been present at Constantinople at the
performance! ot the dancing dervishes,
who, in the name of religion, whired
round and round until they fell to the !
ground from sheer exhaustion. I have
seen the services of the howling dervishes, j
who kept up their chants of howling until
their voices gave way; I have seen the
head dervish stand with both feet on men
Bnd women, and even little babes, to cure
them oi disease. These ar<» the ignorant
fanatics who murder and reuse the evil pas
eions of the lower classes of Turks to murder
inoffensive Armenians and other non-Moham
medan subjects of the Turkish empire.
.\:..i this has been going on for centuries.
Borne years ago while at Damascus I heard de
scribed by eye-witnesses the massacres which
had occurred at that place in 1840 and 1800,
when thousands were slain and the streets
were literally covered with the bodies of the |
dead. There was but one opinion then ex- I
pressed—that the powers should interfere with
armed hand, stop the atrocities and punish the
perpetrators.
And why was that not done ? Why is it not
done to-day? The reason is that there
is a phantom which hovers over Europe,
called the balance of power, that prevents
England from entering the Turkish Enmlre,
hinders Russia from taking possession of the
Imrdanelles, keeps Gerinanv, Italy and France
Irom interfering with Turkish affairs, mean
while allowing the fanatical Mohammedans to
ravage, plunder and .-lay without let or hind
rance.
Civilized humanity demands a change. If it
can be obtained in no other way, then let the
nations of Europe agree r.n a partition of the
Turkish Empire among States that will estab
ish a civilized Government.
: Science and liberal religion alike predicate
the great brotherhood of the nations of the
earth, the unity of man and his march forward
to a civilization that shall be free from wroi.e
and cruelty of every kind— and in the name of
this brotherhood we demand that the neces
sary and immediate steps be taken, to secure
for our Armenian brothers the inalienable
right of every man to a peaceful, orderly, just
and protecting government.
As a fundamental principle, the American
Government has always refused, and properly
so, to meddle In European affairs. In the
name of humanity, however, it can in this in
stance consistently make itself heard, and
should demand in thunder tones of the Eu
ropean powers to stop these atrocities, es
pecially as many American citizens are in
volved.
Let us pass resolutions to that effect and ask
Congress, as the representative of indignant
Americans, to make itself heard, and that at
once, in behalf of an outraged humanity.
Rev. H. N. Bevier, secretary of the
executive committee which had called the
meeting, then read letters of regret at the
inability to be present and of sympathy
with the movement, from Archbishop
Riordan, Bishop Nichols, ex-Mayor E. B.
Pond, H. J. McCoy, A. AHmayer. Rev.
Dr. Horatio Stebbins and A. B. Forbes
The latter's communication closed as
follows:
I am in symnathy with the object, and here
with inclose check for .*2."i for the fund, and
hope you will find liberal supporters "The
Kuropean powers" no doubt will subscribe
liberally.
The secretary then announced the fol
lowing list of vice-presidents:
James I). Thorton, M. H. Myrick, E. B. Pond,
L. K. Ellert, Charles Goodah, Annis Merrill
E- B. Sawyer, Charles F. Crocker, Charlie \f
Shortridge, A. U. Forbes, Monroe GreeuwooV
N. T. Komaine, Horace Davis, A. S. Hallidie
Louis Sloss, I. J. Truman, R. V. Watt A \''
Drown, R. B. Forrnan, H. L. Davis'
Captain A. Rogers, Sidney M. Smith L
Gentle, A. Anspacher, R. Peixotto, P.
N. Lienthal, 8. t. uufford, N. r Cole
11. 1.. Dodge, Charles Holbrook, H. J. McCov'
Chester J-. Smith, Wales L. Palmer, Robert
Dickson.C. S. Kolly, C. F. Yon Rht-in, David
Dodge, J.L. Hutchinson, F. A. Hyde, S. G. Kel
logg, C. A. ilurdock, John Barry Jr., J. W.
Whiting, C. fci. Holmes, W. J. Gibson, C. B
Perkius,Louiß Brown, Thomas Starr King Jr.]
M. Gcldwater, A. Altmayer, I. \V. Hellman
Hugo Kotiibcnild, John uarber.
He also read a communication from the
Armenian residents of Fresno returning
thanks to the promoters of the movement
for their earnest efforts to secure a ruiti
tration of the sufferings and persecutions
of their fellow-countrymen in the land of
their birth.
John Bonner then delivered a lecture on
the history of Armenia, in the course of
which he said:
Armenia was the cradle of the human rsce in
the legends of old. There were kings in Arme
nia when Athens was unknown and Rome was ;
a swamp.
In a redistribution of territory Armenia fell
to the portian of Turkey. The usual oppression
and misrule followed. From time Immemorial
the Kurds have been bandits. They are not
unlike what our Apaches were before they
were confined to our reservations.
In course of time the populatior of Armenia
dwindled from 4,000,000 to 000,000 souls.
They have for years and years appealed for
aid and protection to the European power!
without avail. In the treaty of Berlin the
Sultan was made to covenant to protect the
Armenians, but the treaty proved worthless,
so far as being of any benefit to the Armenians,
who continued at the mercy of the Moslem.
The Armenians had rights In theory only.
The Armenians are but a handful an>i unfit
for war. The Sultan equipped the Kurds as
cavalry ami flung them into Armenia. Though
the Kurds proved themselves poor soldi.-i n
T ~T^, they were yet just the kind of soldiers
the Sultan wanted in Armenia; their preda
tory instincts served his purpose exactly, as
they could be depended upon to make contin
uous and cruel warfare on an unprotected peo
ple.
Numerous instances of outraeesand cru
elties of a horrible character practiced on
the Armenians by the Turks were described
in detail and brought frequent murmurs of
horror from the audience. Continuing, he
said:
These are sample outrages. They have been
going on for two years. Some of the worst
deeds were instigated by high officials of the
Turkish empire.
It required but a word to blow the old fanati
cal spirit of persecution into flame, and this
word was spoken by the Sultan.
If we can do nothing more we can at lr>ast
tender our sympathies to the oppressed and a
crust of bread to tne starving.
Samuel M. Shortridge was then an
nounced to make a brief address, and his
appearance called forth lon* and hearty
applause. His eloquent apostrophe to
; liberty was an effort that stirred the blood
in the veins of all the vast audience. His
fervor was of that intense character that
his lirst score of words were interrupted by
; an emphatic demonstration of approval.
j His description of the metaphorical flight
I of liberty to the mountains of Europe and
| thence to the caves of those mountains;
t then of her breasting the waves of the
j ocean, to find a linal safe and permanent
j abiding place in this country, and his plea
; for keeping her scepter free from blemish
by courageously and manfully aiding the
' oppressed, wherever they may De, met a
hearty and vociferous response from his
j auditors. He spoke in part as follows:
I came here to-night to utter one simple
thought and that thought Is in favor of liberty
[applause[ to worship God whersoever and in
whatsoever manner a person desires in accord
ance with his own true conscience. [Applause.]
We are here to-night— Jew, Gentile, Protes
• tant, Catholic and adherents of other creeds —
I willing to lift our voices in behalf of religious
■ freedom. [Applause.]
From the second century, when Christianity
was Brst planted in Armenia, to the present
day, it has been the object of oppression and
its people the victims of torture bynnscrupu
: lous rulers.
Should America stand idle when these atroci
ties are going America, whoso President
dares say to a great and powerful and domin
eering Government that it shall not strip little
Venezuela of her power. [Applause].
! Dare America not to say to the Sultan of Tur
key that he shall not persecute the almost
helpless Armenian?
I here erre.ign that barbaric Government at
i the bar of public opinion.
This land, devoted to the idea of liberty, the
; idea of self-covernment and the idea of the
; divorce of state from church, should be a light
■ in the heavens for the nations of men.
We should at all times lift up our voices
' against persecution wherever it may be prac
ticed.
Let us join in voting for the adoption of reso- \
lutions calling upon our representatives in
Congress to protest against these atrocious op
pressions.
Rev. C. H. Minton then presented the
following preamble and resolutions:
The Civilized world has for the last few j
months again been horrified by reports of :
wholesale lawlessness and slanghter among !
the Armenians of Asia Minor. The monoton- ;
ous continuance of these reports raises a strong
presumption that there is corresponding truth
at their basis. Exaggeration an<! perversion
i may do their pan; the intrigues of diplomacy j
I may, with Fimster intent, revise these reports:
' certainly it is impossible for one who is not |
on the ground accurately to measure the re- j
ports by the facts. Nevertheless, making all i
possible allowances, there is indisputable cvi
! dence that these facts challenge the horror and
the censure of mankind.
Enterprising journals have sent trustworthy |
i news-gatherers to Armenia, only to confirm re- !
ports already sent forth; private advices and I
correspondence abundantly verity the gravest
suspicions; the history of the Kurds and the
Armenians— a history of internecine plunder
and rapine and violence — prepares the world
to accept the perpetuation of this sanguinary
regime as the situation of affairs at the present j
moment; the feeble and ignoble efforts of the
mblime Porte for the preservation of order i
among the remote provinces of the interior
fasten the conviction that there exists to-day
precisely such a reign of terror and crime as is '.
: described from day to day in the reports from '
: Asia Minor.
It is not foreotten that every consideration i
"Let ns thank God we have a President who has courage enough to stand up
and 'sass' England," said Rabbi Voorsangcr.
of national self-respect makes for the sacred
ness of the principle oi the independent
autonomy of every Government and of every
people. It is not forgotten that minding one's
own business is a primary element in national
policy not less than in individual ethics. It is
not forgotten that there are special reasons
why the Government and people of the United
States of America should refrain from inter
ference with the internal affairs and the re
ciprocal relations of Kuropean powers. Nor is
It forgotten that without reasons, plainly
I extraordinary, any dictation, any censure con
cerning the policies of alien empires, is an un
seemly interference and a breach of interna
tional courtesy.
And yet, notwithstanding all this, it is a part
' of the creed of genuine Americanism that
organized national oppression is a crime
i against the common instincts of humanity.
Our institutions are tounded upon the recog
nition of the inalienable rights of every human
being. Our history is a vindication of the
[ sacredness of life and liberty and the honora
ble pursuit of happiness.
In our championship of this high ground no
question of longitude or race or religion or
statecraft should impair our loyalty or check
our zeal. Our history may not be without
blemish, but the blemish is to our shame
while the history itsell is to our everlasting
honor.
It is entirely American to hold that in this
age of the world, when the community of na
tions is an acknowledged fact; when the im
portant interests of commerce and civilization
are unified in the paramount interests of a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
"We are here to-night— Jew, Gentile, Protestant Catholic and adherents of
other creeds— willing to lift our voices in behalf of religious freedom," said Mr.
Shortridge.
common humanity ; when steam and electricity
mid knowledge are making remotest nations
next-door neighbors 10 each other, and wlien
the instincts of philanthropy and religion and
fair play are a factor as perhatis never befor<
in the civilization of the world — to view
this it is only American to declare that every
man is his brother's keeper, that the Gentile is
neighbor to the Jew and the lew is neighbor to
tne Gentile, and that every citizen of the world
!■-, in his measure, responsible for the condition
of every other citizen of the world.
It is American to believe and to affirm that
no crown or parliament has rigl
human, to oppress any people nuder Its sway.
It is American to believe and to aflirm that
any such unjust treatment of uny cla«w of men
is a high crime before the living God of the
nations and before the august tribunal of
righteousness among ia;p.. It Is American to
indict any power that instigates, prosecutes or
permits lrntricidai strife among its subjects
with a crime that is just ground of for
feiture, of a place of honor among the
nations, and if persisted in, whether by
reason of the weakness or the wicJfce Iness of
the powers that be, c-Rn only merit the con
tempt and execration of ell the nations ot the
earth. It is American to belive ana to affirm
that no conceivable consideration of diplo
macy can Justify the non-interference oi |
boring Governments when any power is mor
ally or physically unable w quell bloo
and to quiet strii'e within its borders, and that
sneb non-interference makes the whole com
munity of powers thus permitting the crimes
accomplices in ihe crimes that are committed.
In pursuance of these solemn convictions we
recommend for adoption as the sentiment,
formally expressed, of the people of Sim Fran
cisco the following resolutions:
1. That we regard with deep and unmitigated
abhorrence the atrocities that are being com
mitted among the Armenians of Asia Minor
and, in this way, record our indignant, protest
that such deeds of torture aud carnage are
ted to-day in any land on earth.
•Z. Thit we earnestly appeal to the Govern
ment of the Sultan at Constantinople once
and forever to put an end to these cruelties in
his dominion which, if they are not sup
;. must finally prove that the Ottoman
empire is an exotic in the soil of civilization,
1 an anachronism in the nineteenth century of
; the Christian era until an outraged (sentiment
; of justice and humanity will cry out demand
; lug the absolute disintegration of a Govern
; xnent that has forfeited every right to exist.
; 3. That we profoundly believe that the time
nil come when neighboring nations should,
with dignity and courtesy, demand that the
; Sultan shall immediately employ every force
] at his command to stop these atrocities, and
; failing in this, that they should assert their
■ own prerogatives, based upon the international
I law and ethics of humanity, and employ their
' own forces to police thesa disturbed regions
and stay the hand of murder and crime.
4. That we convey these sentiments to the
. Secretary of State and to our immediate repre
sentatives in the National Congress at Wush
; ing ton, urging them in the name of God and
Of humanity, and, in harmony with the reso
j lutions offered by Senator Hoar in the United
j States Senate, to use every proper mean? to
i bring about the ends of justice in Turkey and
I to consider whether our Government, happily
free from the embarrassing complications of
the so-called balance of power in Europe, may
not be, for that very reason, peculiarly quali
fied and called upon to perform the difficult
i but honorable oflice of peacemaker among the
| quarreling subjects of the Sultan.
5. That we make this an occasion far giving
expression to our utter abhorrence of all op
pression and all persecution of whatever race
and by whatever power; the scenes of physical
torture should belong only to the dishonoring
pages of the past. The banishment of any race
or sect or class from any land, so long ac they
dwell in peace and are innocent of conspiracy j
against the ruling power, is an act of national j
bigotry which merits the unqualified con- j
I <iemnatioti of civilization. Any Government, ;
1 at St. Petersburg or on the Bosphorus, in ;
London or Paris or Peking or Washington, ;
U b usurper and not a ruler in so far as it dis- ;
i criminates among its subjects on account of
differences racial, social, Industrial, political
I (ir religious. Ours is the age oi liberty and
eg lality and justice and charity and humanity, j
, all in the name oi God, and any discrimination ;
, that favors one man or set of men above an- j
other before the high tribunals of civil author- I
: ity is h backward step in the history of civiliza
tion, and is alike abhorrent to the God that
rules on high and to all good men of every
land and of every creed.
(>. That, though unhappily, it. may be that no
word we can speak may avail to correct the
j chronic evils of which complaint is made, nev-
I ertheless we will have discharged a solemn
duty to ourselves ana to the world in having
! raised our voice of indignation and appeal;
and especially we call upon other communities
I on this coast and throughout the country to
continue to speak out against the crimes that
are committed and the wrongs that are i
permitted againsi the weak, the help- j
less and the distressed in Armenia, with the
prayer that a merciful God will speedily bring
relief to the sufferer and cause the blessings of
peace and prosperity to brighten the habita- •
tions of cruelty and to cheer the lives of the j
oppressed.
In speaking in favor of the adoption of I
the resolutions Rev. Dr. Minturn said:
I have the honor to move a vote of adoption
of the resolutions I have just read. I do not j
I d< Hire to add much more than a few words to j
j what they express. There can be no doubt in :
dispute a« to ihe wisdom of such action. Any I
man is less than a man who can read his morn- j
Ing paoer thet<e days without a burning at his '
heart and a boiling in his blood. The face of
modern history blushes at the gigantic crimes ;
of Tnrkey.
I beg to say, Mr. Chairman, that these re?o
--i lutions raise no question of race or nationality
or religion. The fact that the Armenians be
long- to an ancient Christian communion is j
not referred to in the paper. The fact that the
Sultan oi Turkey is Supremo Caliph of the j
Mohammedan faith is nothing to us now. It j
is not said we intimated that all the right be- \
1< ngs to one side and al! the wrong to the I
other. But certainly the most shameful spec
tacle of modern Europe, the most shameful i
spectacle of modern history, is that of the
bigoted and capricious sick man pretend
ing to rule in the ancient and beauti
ful city of tan tine, butchering a
whole class among his BUbiecta, while Euro
pean powers, in silent jealousy, fold their
arms and let the butchering work go on. It
makes men cynical, it makes men skeptical as
they see such a Mght. No man with humane ■
Instincts can behold the situation without an !
exclamation of horror «nd indignation and
protest. No diplomatic reason can have a i
leather's weight. No consideration of finance :
cur. atone for the crime of a continent. No re- \
llgions creed has its credentials from God that
does not sanction and guarantee the equal
rights of all men.
It is not because we. believe this creed or ]
that. It is not because we worship at this
altar or that. It is not because we trace the
blood that courses in our veins to this ancestor ■
or that. It is because we nil believe in that
God whose name is righteousness, it is be
cause we believe that no power of man, social,
political or religious, has a right to live for a j
single moment that lifts its shameless head !
against the simple laws of justice and hu- |
manity.
We stand together on the broad platform of i
eternal right. We are here because we are
men and because the Armenians are men.
Large as arc the principles on which good men
disagree, they are small when compared with I
the principles on which all good men are as
one.
We indict not the wrongdoer but the wrong.
We call for the end of this reign of bigotry
and butchering and bloodshed in Armenia.
We appeal to the Sultan in his stifling atmos
phere of deception and duplicity and intrigue.
We appeal to Europe in the name of all
that ih good and great in her tradition and her
history; we appeal to the civilized world to
end this tragedy of horrors. We appeal to the
God of Abraham, of Isaac ond of Jacob. We
appeal to the God of Islam, the Allah who has
Mohammed as his prophet. We appeal to the
Christian's God, who is not blind to tho sor
rows of the suffering, nor deaf to their cries for
deliverance, that these distressed regions,
once consecrated by the most sacred events in
all the history of the world, may be freed from
trie crushing heel of the tyrant and bo strong
in the strength of the iust.
Ivet San FrancißCO lift up her humble voice to
stop the work of oppression and extermination,
and to call upon the weak and wicked despot
nt the Dardanelles to his duty, or if not to his
duty to his abdication, or il not to his abdica
tion to his swift and disgraceful downfall.
Dr. Minturn then offered the resolutions
as read to the adoption of the meeting.
He said no one worthy of the name of
man could read the accounts of persecu
tion in Armenia as published in the news
papers without a burning at his heart
and a boiling in his blood. He stig
matized the atrocities as a dread
ful blot upon the closing years of the
nineteenth century. All considerations of
race, creed or ancestry should be set aside
in view of the fact that at certain times all
men are kin. He protested in the name of
humanity against the reign of bigotry and
bloodshed* which is rendering the East of
Europe a spectacle to the nations of the
earth,
The Right Rev. Bishop Goodsell
of the Methodist church then made a few
remarks expressing his sympathy with the
movement in aid of the tortured and op
pressed Christians of Armenia.
"We have onr limitations," continued
the right reverend gentleman, "but we have
oar strength as well. The voice of 70,000,
--000 people will make that cruel in
human Turk reform or quit. The
little jealousies of European govern
ments ought not to allow this frightful,
longdrawn-out reign of terror to con
tinue. And if," concluded the Bishop,
raising his voice in a burst of patriotic
eloquence, "if Armenia's neighbors will not
extend a hand to help her, then, in God's
name, let us call upon them to get out of
j the way and give Uncle Sam a chance to
snow what he can do."
The Bishop's words were greeted with
v tumultuous burst of long-sustained ap
plause, , which plainly evinced that he
had touched a responsive chord in the
popular heart.
Mayor Sutro then introduced the Rev.
Dr. Scott, who has resided in Armenia for
; about ten years. Referring to the Kurds,
i Dr. Scott said that part of them
\ were peaceable and courteous, while others
; were robbers who periodically pillaged the
| smaller Armenian towns. For years the
I Armenians had submitted to these recur-
I ring attacks, until some men from Russia
j came and told the persecuted people that
I they would be fools to endure such a state
j of affairs any longer.
This was the commencement of the
i trouble. After paying taxes to tne Sultan
the poor people had been forced to pay
tribute in goods, in cattle, and even in
, human beings to the horde of savages
! which descended upon them at the least
expected times. Affairs had gone from
■ bad to worse until the present fearful
I stage had been reached.
The Rev. Dr. Williams then announced
in a few well-chosen words that a collec
tion would be taken up in aid of the per
secutfd victims of the Turk. A number
: of gentlemen were given certain portions
of the hall in which to receive the offer
ings, which amounted to $60, six dollars of
which were contributed by an Armenian
, laborer through the Rev. Dr. Scott.
The Rev. George Edward Walk then
read the memorial and translations of let
ters reproduced in another column. He
prefaced his reading by stating that the
: wildest and most fanciful imagination
would be incapable of picturing the scenes
; of horror amid which the Armenian na
tion was struggling and its people perish
• iv
: Rabbi Voorsanger was the next speaker.
| He commenced by rallying the Rev. Dr.
j Scott, who had inadvertently referred to
[ him as "Bishop Voorsanger."
"But I will get even with him," re
marked the genial rabbi. "Every time I
: have to speak of him 1 will call him 'Rabbi
! Scott." 1
Then the doctor in Israel became not
alone serious, but eloquent. He said it
. was a good thing to cry out against Turk
j ish oppression, but it was also a good
| thing to cry out against English greed and
I lust of territory.
j "We should thank God," continued Dr.
j Vooisanger, "that we are Americans and
| that we have a President who has courage
j enough to stand up and 'sass' England.
I I wiflb to add to the protest of this meet
ing the further protest of a Jew against
the persecution of a Christian nation. The
Armenian Christians live in a country
which is their own and should not be
taken from them. The man who perse
cutes his brother is a monster, deserving
of the curse of God and of the execration
of his fellow men.
: "It is terrible to seethe results of bigotry
I in other lands; to contemplate the desola
: tion and misery which are caused by the
i most fiendish despotism and oppression,
: carried on under the sacred mantle of re
i ligion. But what are we to think when
; we see men in our own favored land rais
| ing aloft the iniquitous standard of
' persecution for conscience's sake? Do
; not," he cried in a tone of Im
■ passioned entreaty; "in the name of the
: great God of love and mercy, do not, I beg
1 you, harbor in your souls any sentiment
;of sympathy with a movement so un
; worthy of humanity. And now that we
Bishop Goodsell.
j see the horrors which result from fanatical
hatred, let us learn two great lesson?, one
! of charity, which will niake us do our
i best to aid the victims of oppression, and
| the other of precaution, teaching to put
\ forth every effort for the expulsion of all
I bigotry and uncharitableness from our
, own glorious country."
When the applause following Dr. Voor
san^er's address had subsided Mayor Sutro
• called for the feeling of the audience in
relation to the resolutions read by Dr.
Minturn. A chorus of ayes mingled with
loud cheers indicated that the house was
; of one accord on the subject, and that the
; adjournment of the meeting would not be
I tantamount to the abandonment of further
i endeavors in behalf of the sadly tried
' Christians of Armenia.
CALIFORNIA ARMENIANS.
Translation of Their Address to the
Chairman of the Great Mass-
Meeting.
The following letters, received from the
committee of native Armenians resident in
California, are quite pertinent at this time
and also self-explanatory. The latter of
the two was read at the mass-meeting last
evening by George Edward Walk :
To the Editor of The Call— View. Sir: On be
half of all Armenians in this State a delegation
of two resident Armenians of this city waited
on Dr. Williams of the committee for the mass
meeting with an address and translated copies
of lately received letters, the copies of which
you will please to find enclosed.
On behalf of all Armenians we beg to express
our sincere gratitude to you for the services
your paper so bravely rendered to this human
cause. For the delegation, respectfully,
M. Ananow.
San Francisco, January 13, 1896.
Hon. Adolph Sutro, chairman mats-meeting for
the Armenians— Deav. Sir- In behalf of the
Armenians of this State I beg to express our
thanks and sincere gratitude to you, and
through you to the movers of this great mass
meeting for the Armenians in Turkey, and to
the public in general whose sympathies are
and have been with us, and to'the editors of
the papers in this City in particular who have
stood by and advocated the rights of the perse
cuted and denounced with one accord these
outrages as a stain on the nineteenth century,
and we ask God's blessing on this great meeting
that it may result in some good to our afflicted
dear nation.
Allow us on this occasion to submit to your
and the public attention a few facts in this re
gard.
Many who have read the reports in the pa
pers may have thought them exaggerated, the
nature being too inhuman and brutal ana too
outrageous to be perpetrated in this century.
But we who have been born and lived a great
part of our lives among them, and all who
kuow closely the nature of the Turks and their
faith, which is hatred and prejudice agninst
all other religions and faiths, and who believe
in the person of the Sultan the representative
of God, will then believe that nothing is too
atrocions or terrible for the unspeakable Turk
to do so long as commanded by the Sultan, the
cruel Nero of the age.
The present Sultan, Abdul Hamid Khan, dur
ing the Berlin Congress, when a delegation in
the persons of Archbishop Khorean Kar Bey
and Minas Tcheraz was sent, and on their
pleadings the Sixty-third Article was adopted,
then and there vowed and swore to extermin
ate the Armenian nation, and this he boldly
declared to that Patriarch as a reproach of his
task. Now, he is merely fulfilling his vow,
profiting by the jealousy of the European
powers.
We Armenians, born in Turkey under the
yoke of oppression and persecution, now en
joying the pure 6weet air of American liberty,
we know more and can feel more what this
liberty means, and we have well learned the
great principle of this country, which moves
and rules this country and which we trust will
soon rule the world, that is, "The People's
Will is God's Will." So we believe the Ameri
can public can do much more than is thought
in the rescue of the oppressed, which is a na
tional holy duty.
This is rathera human cause than Armenian.
It should not make any difference what the
nationality or religion they belong to in the
feelings of any true American, for God mside
men, breathing the air of freedom into them,
and gave them this world with full rights to
live in and enjoy, and he did not make men to
cut down one another.
Now, therefore, our only cry is, "Give the
Armenian this right of living, safety of life and
property," and the Armenians as sn industri
ous people will show to the world that they
can also work the earth, and there will be no
more famine or poverty to make the nations
burden on great-hearted and liberal Ameri
cans.
The object of this mass-meeting, to raise
funds to enable the Red Cross Association to
go into Armenia and distribute help to the
people, moves our hearts in gratitude to nil
noble donators. But as these ravaging Turks
do not know by any Other way to stop their
cruel wiping-out intention but only by force,
feeding poor wretched survivors Will serve to
preserve victims for the unspeakable Turk and
clothing them will serve to enrich their
pockets. The only way to help the Armenians
we know is a strong representation to the
President to use all his influence on Eng
land and Russia to come to some understand
ing to save the Armenians or America must in
terfere and show the Sultan the power of the
Stars and Stripes, which stand for liberty and
brotherhood. Otherwise it will not belong
before the whole Armenian nation will be
wiped from existence.
Again and again expressing the deep grati
tude of all the Armenians in this State, we
submit to your attention and to the public the
inclosed translations of letters lately received
from different people in different parts ot
Turkey. Names, for precaution, are reserved.
In behalf of the Armenians in the State of
California, I am your obedient servant,
M. ANANOI'N.
Inclosed in the foregoing letter are the
following extracts from personal letters
received from Armenia:
From a letter dated C , Dec. 6. 1895.
Christmas is approaching, but no one has the
spirit or courage to celebrate. The women all
are in mourning for the nation's affliction. I
caii now imagine the mournings of the Jews
during the time of Esther, in the churches
and the houses deadly silence reigns as at a
funeral. Sackcloth and ashes would be put on
but for fear of detection. This city, though, is
quiet for the present time, since extra warships
of the powers have been permitted to enter,
but yet great iear prevails. The least quarrel
or dispute puts every person into flight for life.
Often suddenly houses are shut, stores c!o.-e.|.
khans (business buildings) are barred and peo
ple will be seen running everywhere, seeking
refuge. Most appalling news irom the interior,
in spite of all suppression, reaches our cars.
Our hearts are in sore grief for them. We know
not what to do.
Several attempts were made to ccilect money
and clothing to send to the survivors of the
massacres, but it has been .suppressed by the
Government. Already there is great poverty
here. On account of a disturbance here quite
a long time the stores were closed, and now al
most no business is done, but still human
hearts can't stand the wretchedness ami mis
ery they are in in the interior. Again, secret
efforts are being made to collect money and
clothing and send them secretly, but at "great
risk, for we don't know whether they reach
their destination or are taken on the way by
the Turks. Anyhow, every person, Armenian,
Greek or .lew, feeling to do something in this
regard. All we believe done by the intrigue of
Russia, but England is much more to be
blamed, for after stirring up the matters so
much did not stand bravely and urge upon trie
riirht. May God send help to us, for there is no
help from any power at present.
.Signed by R. K.
From a letter dated S , December 15
1895.
(.^uite a long time I have not written to you.
I (iin sure 1 it worried you and caused yoii some
fear about our city, but, my dear, how could 1
write, and there is no business to write about.
All I have to write about is national a
and I don't like to stir you up. I presume
you are reading the papers then- and 1 would
not be surprised if you know more than we do,
but you know of the happenings; you know
| not of the fear as we do, for we are living in
fear. The general belief Is that it is quieter
here, but a r>ig storm is gathering around, for
hordes of Kurds are being imported from the
inferior either to be let loose on us to rob and
kill, 01 coming themselves, their atrocities and
pillaging in the- interior, without any inter
vention, naving given some taste to their
mouths; they come in here to practice the
same, as more riches are here for them; but,
wc.r-e than this, the Government is sending
many Armenians into the interior like sheep
to the slaughter-house, under the pretense of
avoiding the dangerous element, but in reality
to hate them killed by the Kurds in the in
terior. Signed by A. A.
From a letter dated B , December 10
1895.
Since I wrote to you last there is no change
in our condition here. Starvation is frighten
ing those who evade the Bwcrd. M<>*t oi the
time the stores are closed, and what is the use
of opening them, for whatever the Turks ssk
must be given them and o money asked in
return. Who can dare to ask for money for
goods. Sure, your doom is sealed then. There
no hope, no light. The future is dark.
May God have mercy upon us. We feel rather
thankful, for according to the news from other
towns, we are much better off. In Adana,
Caesarea and Marash, where massacres on a
grand scale are still going on, our great grief
is that many are losing all hope of any help
from the Franks [ail Europeans arc- termed
Franks] and become apostates, turning over to
Mohammedanism. Oh, the poor Arraen'ans!
their fate is really worthy of weeping I -
times we are tempted to" say: "How cruel art
thou, 0 Lord! We cry unto thee for help and
tnou answerest not. Thou hast made us as
dust under the foot of the inridel!"
Signed by A. K.
SOCIALIST LABOR PARTY.
Preparing to Put a Ticket in
the Field in the Next
Campaign.
The Principal Fight Will Be Made
for Supervisors and State
Legislators.
The socialists of this City, and of the
State for that matter, are making prepara
tions to take an active part in the next
campaign. Steps are being taten toward
putting a ticket in the field at the next fall
election. The socialists expects to poll
between 7000 and 8000 votes, and they give
what they claim to be good reasons for
setting the estimate at these figures.
The general public is no doubt in igno
rance of the remarkable growth in this
City of this party of political economists,
for only once in a while are little bodies
of socialists seen in the streets preaching
the doctrines of reform and an universal
brotherhood. Many, too, confound the
words socialist and anarchist, yet the two
are as opposite as night and day. How
ever, these reformers have labored quietly
in all classes of society, ana while
those who are affiliated with the various
sections may be numbered by a few
thousands their sympathizers are numer
ous. Some idea of their voting strength
can be conceived by remembering that at
the last Presidential election the socialists
of the United States polled 42,000 votes,
to say nothing of what they lost to the
Populists.
In this City at the last election they ex
pected to poll about 1000 votes and were
agreeably surprised by a return of double
that number.
Since then several new sections have
formed in this City, Oakland, Sacramento,
Los Angeles and Ventura. In San Fran
cisco there is the Italian section, which
meets every Sunday in Colurnbo Hall.
There are about seventy-five active mem
bers, but their meetings always draw three
to four times that number. The same can
be said of the French section. Liberty
section is small, but growing. The Jewish
section has a remarkably strong following.
The German section is a large organiza
tion and has a strong, active lot
of workers. But the oldest and
strongest in the Cuy is the American
section, and added to these are the Oak
land section, two sections in Ventura, one
in Los Angeles and one each in several of
the other larger cities. There is another
organization in San Francisco know as the
Society of American Socialists, but whether
that body will affiliate witn he others,
which are a part of the National and inter
national body, is not known.
As stated, these Socialists are not idle
but are preparing to make a vigorous
fight for several places within the gift of
the people. Delegates are being sent from
each of the sections named to form an
executive committee. The representation
in the executive committee is one for
every twenty paying members of each
section. This body is not fully formed,
but so far the committee is composed of
40 members, representing 800 active Social
ists. It is expected that when the com
mittee is fully formed it will represent
•JOO to 10CO Socialists in this City alone, to
say nothing of those who sympathize with
socialistic principles.
The committee is doinp wiiat is termed
propaganda work, and laying out the plan
of the coming campaign. One of the mem
bers last evening in discussing the move
ment, said:
The Socialists do not intend, so far as I am
informed, to pot up a complete ticket. We'll
concentrate our fire upon several offices, inch
as the Supervisors and State legislatures. At
this «tage of the game we have not the material
! tii till every office, even if we had a chance to
! win, which we have not. We believe in cover
ling the ground well as we proceed, and not
attempt to bite off more than we can chew, >o
to speak.
We expect to meet with considerable n
this yen:-. At the last election we polled 2000
votes where we expected only 1000, i
little effort was made on that occasion. At
thut time the POpuHsta cut into our voting
; ranks because those who advocated reform
| were led away by a belief that that party would
accomplish great things. The Populist* who
were elected in all parts of the United States
have done absolutely nothing, and their voices
have not been raised in favor of any radical
reform measure.
This Ims disgusted their supporters, who
have flocked back into the Socialist ninks in
large numbers. Those people are placing their
ol advancement in our party, seeing
what it has done in Germany and France for
the people. We do not care for the judiciary
positions, and we will not make any fight to
elect a Socialist to the bench. In this respect
we will simply vote as individuals for the men
least antagonistic to socialism, but we will in
dorse them on our ticket. It is the lawmakers
that we are after, for in the making of the laws
lies more importance than In the execution of
the laws after they are made.
The Socialist Labor party is better prepared
to enter politics row than ever before, because
I we can put more good speakers in the field.
Our work in the past has been educating our
members on social and political economics,
and while our force in numbers does not seem
large, yet nearly every one is educated and able
to take the stump ana deliver a sound, logical
address.
In a short time our executive committee will
be fully formed, and our plans formulated.
Then we will proceed to enter the political
] field in earnest, and organize the numerous
! subdivisions of the party the same as other po
! litical parties. It is true we may meet with.
defeat, and it would be surprising if we did
carry all we undertake, but the history of the
Socialist Labor party shows that at every move
l it trains ground, and bo far has not lost any
that it has gained.
NEW TO-DAY.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
• tends to personal enjoyment when,
j rightly used. The many, who live bet-
ter than others and enjoy life more, v/ith
; les3 expenditure, by more promptly
I adapting the world's best products to
> the needs of physical being, will attest
i the value to health of the pure liquid
, laxative principles embraced in the
I remedy. Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas-
| ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
i beneficial properties of a perfect lax-
] ative; effectually cleansing the system
! dispelling colds, headaches and "fevers
I ana permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
i met with the approval of the medical
i profession because it act 3 on the Kid-
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak-
ening them and it is perfectly free from
i every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug*
; gists in 50c and Si bottles, but it is man-
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offerea.
| — __ — ,
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 Folsom Street, and 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to Beale.
I have on hand a large quantity of S. F. oa*-
light Co.'s and Paciflic Gas Improvement Co.'s
Cose, which I am selling at a very low rate. This
Coke is suitable for urates, Furnaces, Laundry and
Family use.
I am also a direct Importer of the best English
and Belgian brands of Patent Coke, which I am
offering at reduced rates to Foundries, Breweries,
Mining Companies and the trade in lots from 1
ton to 1000 tons.
Country orders solicited. City orders delivered
with promptness.
Will guarantee satisfaction, as I know what
will suit from an experience of 25 years In the
business.
Office 813 Folsom Street.
DR. PIERCES *W> GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
lithe Latest Patent: contains all improvements
and is sold at one-half tbe price asked for Inferior,
but much-advertised electric belts.
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierces belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures having
been made where physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief.
The strongest possible evidence will be given to
inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority of Dr.
Pierces belts, and a thorough examination and
comparison of these goods with all oth-rs is re-
spectfully invited of all intending purchasers of an
Klectric Belt. £3~ Call or write for free Pamph-
i.bt So. 2." Address
UIJS. PIERCE & SON,
704 Sacramento Street.
2d. 3rd and 4th floors. San Francisco. Cat.
CL "3
MARKET SXS^Sa^/
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE BAMIANA BITTKKS THE
kJ great Mexican Kemedy; givts Health and
Strength to the Sexual Organ* •^ejui.n aou
Wilt's -Mai Yemtalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
BICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA
Grossman's SDaciflc Mixture
With this remedy persons can euro themselves
without the least exposure, Chan" o of det o?
change in application to buainessV" The mcd cine
contains nothing that is of the least injiuvto the
I consmution. Ask your druggiat for rrloe f1 1JUDGES WHO WILL
TRY DR. BROWN
The Bay Association at
Last Takes Definite
Action.
DEACONS ARE TO MEET.
The Ministers Appointed Will
Represent No One but
Themselves.
WHAT SECRETARY M'COY KNOWS
Mrs. Graham Says Mrs. Davidson
Spoke of Her Lapse of Memory
Six Months Ago.
Contrary to precedent, the Bay Associa
tion, an organization composed of Congre
gational ministers, closed its doors to all
ers yesterday. The session was
tly executive.
Mark Straus and Captain Cook, two lay
men, who are constant attendants at the
Congregational meetings, were there dur
ing the early part of the proceedings, but
understanding that their presence was not
desired, they withdrew.
The meeting was held in the charel of
the Plymouth Congregational Church, Rev.
Malton Willett of East Oakland acting as
moderator. Thirty-four ministers were
present.
The morning session was devoted to busi
ness. Several of the ministers entered the
chapel some time after th<> opening of the
afternoon session, as they were closeted
with Dr. C. O. Brown, in an upstairs room
of the church. Among them were: Pro
fessor Lloyd, Eev. .'. X- McLean of Oak
land. Rev. H. 11. Wykoff and Key. W. D.
Williams.
When the above gentlemen had con
cluded their deliberations they entered
the session, accompanied by l)r. Brown,
who took the floor and addressed the
association on the slurs which had been
cast upon his good name by the press of
the City.
He neither denied nor affirmed the ac
cuse: in closing his remarks be
requested the Bay Association to appoint
a committee to investigate the alleged
cha:
Professor Lloyd moved that a committee
of three be appointed to comply with Dr.
BrowTi s request. The motion was carried
by a show of hands, there being no dis
sent.
Dr. McLean moved the appointment of
the following ministers: Key. W. D. "Wri
liam?. <>.i>.,' Rev. W. C. Pond, D.D., and
Eev. 11. H. Wykoff.
It is worthy of remark at this time that
. as an organization
has not the slightest jurisdiction over the
present case. They have no official ex
istence so far as the church is concerned,
any act of theirs, whether Con
or otherwise, must be purely a
private affair.
The charge against Dr. Brown of im
conduet is subject to investigation,
by his church and then by the Bay
erence. This last is possible only
when requested by the congregation of the
■
After the conclusion of the meeting a
number of the members requested the
scribe to strike out the word "investigate"
and substitute a milder term.
Dr. Williams, the chairman of the com
i, when questioned afterward on the
t, stated that Dr. Brown's request
for an investigation had ziven general
satisfaction, a 9 otherwise the association
would have been forced to take the initia
tive and demand an investigation. He
further stated that the committee had no
desire to antedate the inquiry to be held
by members of the First Congregational
Church, and that, therefore, it was highly
improbable that any real action would be
taken by them for some days to come.
A great douot exists in the niinds of
many of the Congregational ministers as
to tbe real usefulness of the committee. It
has been given fu'l power to act and to
report back to the association, but as the
association has absolutely no jurisdiction
the usefulness of this course is not very
apparent.
"Is it simply a mutual admiration busi
ness? ' asked one pastor in puzzled tones,
as he discussed the committee's mission
after the close of the session. Another
pastor thought it looked like tt sop to
Cerberus, but the majority of those pres
ent thought that the Investigation would
in some vague manner serve a good end.
Rev. W. Tubbs said that the report of the
committee would simplify matters for the
Bay Conference, a body composed of minis
ters and laymen, whose duty it will be to
try the Brown alleged scandals in case
matters are pushed to extremities.
It is stated that if ]>r. J3rown had de
sired to have an official and duly authorized
investigation he should first have de
manded it at the hands of his church, and
Bhould then have sent out letters asking
for a meeting of the Bay Conference. As
matters stand the Bay Conference may
not meet for some months.
Dr. Brown has given the committee ap
pointed by the Bay Association to under
stand that he will make a complete state
ment of all the charges brought against
him, provided his attorneys will consent.
Both Mr. Lloyd andcx-Judge Louderback,
however, claim that it would be prejudi
cial to their client's interest to permit any
• xplanation until ofter the final trial of
Mrs. Davidson.
As to Miss Overman, it is not probable
that she will consent to explain away the
unpleasant things which have been said
about her until Dr. Brown or his attorneys
grant permission.
The deacons of the First Congregational
Church have given out that an investiga
tion of Dr. Brown's alleged misconduct
will be inaugurated Wednesday night. It
is highly probable that tbe investigation,
if ordered at all, will be held behind
closed doors, it being seared that the evi
dence, favorable or otherwise to Dr. Brown,
might influence the jury in the trial of
Mr\ Davidson. The hearing might also
bring into prominence a few names which
have heretofore been suppressed. As is
wcil known, a majority of the deacons are
warm personal friends of Dr. Brown, D.
Gilbert Dexter being a first cousin of the
pastor's wife. This fact is arcued by many
as one of the reasons why a secret investi
gation i* desired.
The remarkable theory offered by Mrs.
Davidson on the witness-stand concerning
that all-important ten years of her life
(from I k 7s to 1887), which" she claims is a
perfect blank, cropped up again yesterday.
According to the statement of Mrs. Gra
ham, a roomer at the Delaware House, on
Market street, Mrs. Davidson told the
same story to her ai least six months be
fore the present trouble.
"I called at Mrs. Davidson's parlors one
afternoon about six months ago," said
Mrs. Graham yesterday. "I was not at all
well at the time. While talking on this
line she said to me:
' 'There is a period of tei\ or fifteen
years of my life that is a perfect blank to
me - u . r , m 8 th;it time I was subject to a
rush of blood to my head, which incapaci
tated me for either business or social life.
I cannot recall one single event which oc
curred during those dark years.' "
"I do not know," continued Mrs. Gra
ham, "whether Mrs. Davidson is innocent
or guilty of extortion, but the story she
told on the witness-stand concerning that
blank in her mental life is, I believe, per
fectly true. I certainly can see no reason
why she should tell me such a tiling if it
were not true."
On Hie otner hand it is contended that
Mrs. Davidson might have told this story
so often that she had come to believe it
herself.
-Mrs. Davidson spent a quiet day at the
Branch County Jail yesterday. She is not
the least impatient over her commitment,
for the reason, she declares, that her vic
tory will be more complete in the end.
There was some talk of habeas corpus pro
ceedings, but that has been dropped on
the advice of friends, who still have faith
in ber innocence.
Secretary McCoy of the Y. M. C. A. re
calls, with" considerable regret, the day he
met Mrs. Davidson. He was introduced
to her by Dr. Brown, when the latter called
to request a room for a private conference.
'"I remember the occasion well," he said
yesterday, "though it would probably
have slipped my memory entirely but for
the present unpleasant developments. Dr.
Brown referred to her as one of the most
faithful and earnest workers in the church.
Her asking for a room was not unusual,
because the committee rooms are there
for tnat purpose and so understood by
members of the association. Dr. Brown
was a man for whom I had the highest re
spect, ana I was very glad to accommo
date him. He was shown the rtom as re
quested, and I at once dismissed the mat
ter from my mind.''
The only significance attached to this is
that it substantiates to a degree Mrs.
Davidson's claim that it was at the Y. M.
C. A. building Dr. Brown made a confes
sion to her relative to his affection for
Mattie Overman.
Dr. Brown still refuses to see visitors,
particularly if they happen to be reporters.
A few days ago — that is, during the prog
ress of the preliminary hearing of Mrs.
Davidson— he gave it out that he was
writing a statement, which he would soon
give to the public.
- * Overman also made the same claim,
| but as vet neither has made any move
toward fultillin;.' these promises, at least
not so far as the public is able to observe.
"LET THERE BE LIGHT."
Question of Opening the Univers
ity Library at Night
Solved.
Money Necessary for Electricity for
the Grounds and Bacon Build
ing Subscribed.
The students of the State University will
be able to celebrate Washington's birth
day with an illumination of the grounds
and buildings by electricity. Last i
tlav the Berkeley citizens informed Re
gent Reinstein that $1000, the amount re
quired for putting up poles and wires on
the grounds for lighting them, had been
subscribed.
Yesterday Levi Strauss, Louis Sloss,
Georee W. McNear and ,T. L. Flood sent a
note to Mr. Keinstein offering $250 each or
in all for the purpose of putting wires
in the university library. J. C. Rowell,
the librarian, and his assistants and the
janitor have agreed to devote free of
charge for the next collegiate year their
j extra services needed to keep the library
I open in the evenings-
The university lias a splendid electric
plant in the building in which is located
the college of electrical engineering, and
Professor Corey, who is in charge, an
nounces that there will be no extn charge
f r additional services required of the en
pineers. There remains nothing further
to be done but get the consent of the
Board of Regents, who meet this after
noon, to put up the poles and lay the
wires. As this will involve not a cent of
expense to the university, there can be no
doubt that the Regents will order the work
done immediately.
It will take but a few days to do this,
and it has been suggested that the grounds
be illuminated and a celebration held on
Washington's birthday.
The students of the university have been
handicapped in no other way as much as
by the failure to keep the library open at
night, and many 01 them will feel that
Regent Reinstein has already repaid them
for the work they propose" to do on the
grounds.
It is expected the Regents will to-day
make arrangements to put the students at
work. Their offer was to put in a whole
week on the grounds uninterrupted by
their studies if the Regents would extend
the term that length of time. This would
be worth to the university about $10,000.
As it is necessary to do the work early in
order to replant all the ground thai will
be dug up before the rains cease it is ex
pected that work will be arranged very
soon. The matter is largely in the hands
of the committee on buildings and grounds,
consisting of Regents Martin, Houghton,
Crocker and Reinstein.
THE LABOB UNIONS.
The Painters Have Established a New
Organization In Oakland.
At the meeting of the Painters' and
Decorators' Union last evening Business
Manager Mclver announced that he had
assisted in organizing a painters' union in
Oakland during the past week. It started
off with twenty charter members, and
promises a rapid growth as there are
many painters in that city. The local
painters decided that hereafter they will
nave a social feature to their union, and
hold open meetings on every second Mon
day in Washington Hall, on Eddy street.
Friends of the painters will be invited to
these entertainments.
At the meeting of the Carpenters' and
Joiners' Union No. 483 last evening the
death of James Cousill, the ex-treasurer
of the union, was announced. He was a
charter member and 35 years of age. The
funeral will be held to-day from the resi
dence of the deceased, 321 Eddy street,
under the auspices of the union. The
body will be removed to the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, where it will be cremated.
Kites That Carry Men.
Five huge kites were used at Chrißt
church Park, Ipswich, by Lieutenant
Powell a short time ago to demonstrate
the possibility of raising a man from the
ground for reconnoitering purposes in
time of war. A wicker car was attached
to the kites and held the aeronauts. Dur
ing the trial it was prevented from taking
too high a flight by an anchorage-rope
held from below and paid out from a
windlass. An ascent of about fifty feet
was successfully maae by three persons
separately. It only required the letting
out of more rope to have extended this
distance.
His Bicycle by Mail.
An American tourist recently sent his
bicycle from London to Paris by post and
received it in perfect order. The parcels
post now carries packages of not over
twenty pounds in weight. The bicycle
was partly dismounted, and weighed just
twenty pounds. The cost was but a few
pence.
Ghosts Are Pale and Shadowy,
Say thoje who profess to have interviewed the m.
Whether spooks are tallow-faced or not, mortals
Ufl whose blood Is thin and watery in consequence
of imperfect assimilation. When Invalids resort
to llostet tor's Stomach Bitters, and use that une
quaied tonic persisfnily, they soon "pick up" in
strength, Stab and <o or. It should be used also to
pnmt malarial, rheumatic aijd kidney com
plaints, and to remedy constipation, sick ueudacbe
and nervousness.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
AT THE CITY THEATERS.
Blanche Bates Excellent in " The
Senator" at the Co
lumbia.
WAINWRIGHT AT THE BALDWIN
"Marmion" Is Not Unkindly Received
at the California —"A Long
Lane" at the Grand.
A kirdly although not a particularly
warm reception was given to "Marmion"
by a good-sized audience at the California
Theater yesterday evening.
The drama was excellently mounted and
well acted., but the playwright, Percy Sage,
has either not seized all the dramatic pos
sibilities that lie in Scott's poem, or else
"Marmion," stirring as it is when read in
its original form, is too epic to make a good
drama.
A number of the incidents have been
lopped off, and the salient points of the
story have been compressed into the play
BL.OCHE L. BATES AT THE COLUMBIA.
that was produced last night for the first
time in this City. But the judicious
pruning and the really clever way in
which the story of Constance de Beverly
was told in stage form were not sufficient
to give the breezy atmosphere of "Mar
micn" to Sage's dramatization, and all
the blowing of busies, the clashing of
swords and the tramp of armed men with
whicn the play abounds fell snort of
stirrine the pulses as much as a single
stanza of Scott's description of the battle
of Flodden Field has the power to do.
The action, in spite of its clever arrange
ment, is more epic than dramatic, but
from this very epic quality the play bor
rows a vast amount of picturesqueness.
All the scenes are animated canvases, so
to speak, of Scott's marvelous descriptions,
and the characters move through the scenes
more as tne poet's descriptions come to life
than like the living, breathing, sentient
men and women of a Shakespearean play.
The trial of Constance de Beveriy in the
cript of St. Cuthbert's Abbey was a par
ticularly beautiful stage picture. The
scene followed as closely as possible Toby
Rosenthal's famous picture, and the char
acters had made up in excellent imitation
of Rosenthal's models.
As Marmion Louis James has not a role
calculated to endear him particularly to
the sympathies of his audience. It was a
heroic, robust role, lacking, however, in
some of the finer qualities that generally,
on the stage, at least, accompany
that line of character. There were mono
logues and ravings for Marmion to say,
too, which in the mouth of an actor less
clever than Louis James would have de
scended into mere elocutionary effort. But
James succeeded at times in making his
part seem almost Shakespearean, though
he could not succeed in making Marmion
a truly heroic or a sympathetic character.
Miss Alma Kruger was rather heavily
weighted with the role of the persecuted
Constance, but she played the part pictur
esquely. Miss Aphie Hendricks-.lamea
made a dainty Janet and Miss F. Everett
was an effective Lady Claire. The men's
roles were well sustained, James Harrison
speaking his Scotch burr well as the best
and Guy Lindsley making an ardent De
Wilton.
The last act, on the Field of Flodden, is
somewhat transposed from the original.
Marmion died harder than the scene
shifters expected, for they lowered the cur
tain as soon as he had been transfixed by
De Wilton's sword. The audience were
leaving the theater when the curtain rose
again, revealing Marmion in an expiring
condition and Lady Claire ready to go to
"the nigh streamlet" and perform the
"woman in our homes of ease" act. Ow
ing; to the curtain episode, however, Mar
mion died to empty benches.
"Othello" will be performed to-night.
At the Columbia,
"The Senator" played at the Columbia last
nicht to a packed house. The rain seemed to
have been overcome by the excellence of the
performance and the popularity of the Frawley
Company.
The play in itself depicts the social and
political life at 'Washington during the time
the famous General Armstrong claim was
passed through Congress. It is even typical of
some of the present events that are around the
National Capitol.
Blanche Bates in her interpretation of the
susceptible and interesting widow, Mrs.
Hilary, carries the part to that delicate ex
tremity that only the well tutored can con
trol. When she 6teps out of herself and into
such a character she reconstructs the indi
vidual and. Blanche Bates absolutely disap
pears to make room for the new creation. It
can be said of her that while she is playing a
part that is styled "the susceptible young
widow" she makes the audience susceptible.
Mr. Maclyn, as the Senator, acts as thougti he
had enough pull with Congress to settle the
funding bill question and nx the Committee
on Rivers and Harbors so that the Sacramento
would be opened up to deep-water vessels clear
up to Shasta. He is good.
Wilson Knos as Ak-xander Armstrong, Secre
tary of State, would have no trouble getting
elected If he suited the voters as well as he did
the audience last night.
Mr. Frawley himself Kept up his reputation
as actor in the role of Lieutenant George
Sehuyler of the U. S. N., together with Miss
Kennark, Miss Ross, Miss rlowen and Miss
McAllister.
The management are entitled to good houses
under such circumstances.
Grand Opera-Honse
"A Long Lane," which was produced last
night at the Grand Opera-house, has plenty of
bright fun and merriment, &s well as heavy
villainy and suffering virtue, of the most melo
: dramatic type.
Charles E. Lothian and Florence Thropp had
some racy comedy scenes, which aroused
plenty of laughter. Each supposed the other
. to be insane, and their mutual fear was hu
| morously acted. Maud Edna Hall gave a
clever performance of Margaret Meadows, an
actress, and Minna Gleason as her blind sis
ter -was also quietly touching and effective.
Little Hazel, one of the tiniest actresses on
the stage, mude a winning part out of Willie,
the little three-year-old son of the villain.
Fred T. Butler, according to his usual wont,
rt-veled in nefarious deeds. Mias Hall scored
him ffcr his sins and shortcomings in a way
that aroused the delight of the gallery boys.
I T. 11. lienrimo, who is coming io the front as
j an interpreter of old men, gave a good pei
formance of Colonel Kollingstone.
"A Long Lane" was well staged, but the
waits between the first and Recond and the
second and third acts, were wellnigh inter
l miuable. The Grand Opera house really
needs reminding that it is the modern custom
to let the acts follow one another briskly.
"Ixion" at the Tivoli.
"Ixion," the spectacular mythological bur
lesque that has held the boards for some time
at the Tivoli, is not drawing the houses it used
! to draw. It is just as well put on as formerly,
and Mr. Hartman, better known as Ferris,
i churn* up the usual laugh.
As the plot goes Ixion, according to the
Greek legend, was a mythological king of Thes
-1 saly who, being taken to heaven by Jupiter,
• there fell la love with Juno, Jupiter's better
i half. For this crime he was condemned to be
j bouud to Apollo's chariot-wheel and be for
-1 ever whirled through space.
This one-wheel proposition is about worn
out, and the many thousand people who are
fond of the Tivoli would like to see Ixion
i change cars.
The Baldwin Bill.
"The Love Chase," Sheridan Knowles' pure,
old-time comedy, presented at the Baldwin by
! Marie \\ Hinwright and her company, is far
j attend of what many people are prone to accept
as the correct thing. It is one of those inter
esting situations that only the better class of
I actors care to encounter. It is also capable of
i much fine acting, which, at the hands of
! Barton Hill, as Sir William Fondlove,
it receives. The real good, old-time
burst of affection, sprinkled over with
1 doubting and doting between Waller and
Lydin, stirs up the dim recollection of our
: grandmothers, and the past dances by like a
. lraKinent of long-foruotteu girlhood and youth.
Joseph Zehner as Waller, and Miss Gertrude
KHloit as I.ydia are the two Individuals who
■ucoeasfnlly handle this part.
The invincible Marie prepares a tiff with Mr.
Nathaniel Hartwig the sportsman that is tine
enough to justify a repetition. It is rich in
comedy and effective from a point of consum
! ing interest.
The Widow Green, the character so seldom
I well played, found an excellent interpreter
; last night in Miss Hattie Russell, a sister of
i Ada Kchan. She fretted, flirted and fumed In
i a most realistic manner, and jollied BirWO
. liam with considerable tact.
The house was not as good as the play de
served, probably on account of the drizzling
rain.
At the Alcazar^
Leonard Grover in "My Precious Baby" at
the Alcazar Is funny and self-possessed. He
j seems to feel that he is in his element as the
} precious rascal and takes considerable ad
; vantage of the fact that he stands well with
his mother.
The play is full of clever lines and complica
tions that are ridiculous, hut well arranged.
It is laughable from the time the curtain goes
up until the last act.
Francis Powers, as the old gentleman is
always good with his excitable and expressive
hands, that seem to communicate his" mental
j distress to all parts of the house. Fannie
i Young and the old-time but staid and reliable
Bill Gleason hold up their ends in a remark
able way, and the rest of the cast stands in to
make things a general success.
The Orphenm.
There was a large attendance and a strong
bill at the Orpheum lest night. De Bolien
i Brothers and Caron and Herbert, acrobats are
1 exceptionally clever in their respective 'per
formances. Bernard Kyllyn, the Manhattan
Comedy Four, Deltorello Brothers, Mason and
Healy, and Pucrow and Bush are still in de
mand. Gilmore mid Leonard, Irish comedian*
furnish much amusement. William Roberts'
equilibrist, contributes largely to the amuse
ment of all. New attractions aro promised for
next week.
BUSINESS IN MECCA.
A Handsome Income Made Out of Tolls
Levied on Visitors.
The Sherif of Mecca is, in all likeli
hood, the only man who knows how many
devotees visit that city, for he levies a
stiff toll on every one, and makes a
very handsome income out of the busi
ness.
There are many other men who prosper
in Mecca. Hundreds act as guides, phil
osophers and kind friends to the bewil
dered pilgrims — for a consideration. They
show them where to kneel in the great
mosque, where to pray, where to repeat
certain parts of the Koran— in fact, they
utter the words and their pupils follow
suit. These peoplo are naturally opposed
to all innovations, and so also are the pur
veyors of food, which is excessively dear
during the pilgrimage.
Every year the Sultan of Turkey sends a
magnificent carpet, costing £1200, for use
in the great mosque. This carpet is
carried all the way from Turkey on the
finest and strongest camel that" can be
procured.
The Khedive of Egypt send 3 a likecostlv
carpet every year. In each case the camel
which bears the gift is called the "mah
mal," and is looked upon as a sacred ani
mal. Now, the Sherif of Mecca has the
right of disposing of the old carpets, which
are cut up, the pieces being sold as sacred
relics at smart prices. The pilgrim who
can afford to purchase a piece to take
home considers himself a fortunate man
In this and other ways the faithful and
simple are exploited.— Chambers' Journal.
Smoker and Tamale Social.
On Thursday evening Court Sutro Heights
No. 130, Foresters of America, a most enter
prising organization that knows how to enter
tain, will give a jinks in Social Hall, Alcazar
building. It will be in the nature of a smoker
and tamale social. The number of invitations
is limited.
HAVE BRITISH ENGINEERS.
Machinery on Many American
Steamships Handled by
Foreigners.
THE LAWS MAY BE CHANGED,
Senator Squire of Washington Has In
troduced a Bill Which Will
Exclude Aliens.
The fact that the ponderous engines on
many of the great lines of steamers which
are owned by American corporations, tiy
the flag of the United States and are
manned by American citizens, are handled
by English eneineers, is at present receiv
ing the attention of the Marine Engineers'
Association of the United States.
Under the present existing law, as in
terpreted by Captain John Birmingham,
U. S. Supervising Inspector of Steam
Vessels, First District, California, it is
necessary that the commander of a vessel,
registered in the United States pursuant to
law, shall be an American citizen, but all
that is necessary on the part of an
engineer who is a citizen of a foreign
country to obtain a certificate from this
Government is to signify his intention of
becoming a citizen. The certificate is
forthcoming.
At the instance of the Marine Engineers'
Association, Senator Squire of Washington
a few days ago introduced a bill in the
Senate which, if passed, will obviate the
necessity of further legislation for the pro
tection of engineers who are citizens of the
United States, as it will then be illegal for
other than citizens to be engineers on
American registered vessels.
Another deficiency in the present law
which is remedied in the bill introduced
by Senator Squire is in regard to the ex
piration of licenses. If when absent from the
jurisdiction of the United States a license
should expire, the holder must personally
appear before the inspector for a renewal
or it is not valid.
An American engineer cannot do this
and successfully compete with foreign
engineers, for the compliance may involve
thousands of miles of travel, a result being
that they must retire from the field and
yield to more favored nationalities, whose
certificates are valid anywhere and at all
times.
Following is the bill:
To amend section forty-one hundred and
thirty-one of the Revised Statutes of the
United States, to improve the merchant
marine eugineer service, and thereby also
to increase the efficiency of the Jvaval
Reserve.
, Be it enncted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of America
in Congress assembled:
That section forty-one hundred and thirty
one of the Revised Statutes of the United States
be amended to rend as followi :
.Section 4131. Vessels registered pursuant to
law and no others, except such as shall be duly
qualified according to law for carrying on the
coasting or fishing trade, shall be'deemed ves
sels of the United States and entitled to the
benefits and privileges appertaining to such
vessels, but no such vessel shall enjoy such
benefits and privileges longer than itsha'll con
tinue to be wholly owned by a citizen or citi
zens or a corporation of the United States, and
be commanded by a citizen of the United States.
And all the officers ot vessels of the United
States shall in all cases be citizens of the
United States. The word officers shall include
CAPTAIN JOHN BERMINGHAM, WHO DECIDED THAT UNDER THE; PRESENT
RULES NO OFFICER COULD HAVE HIS LICENSE RENEWED WHILE
OUTSIDE THE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES.
the chief engineer and assistant engineers on
vessels propelled wholly or in part by steam,
and no person shall be qualified to become an
officer of a merchant vessel of the United States
who is not a native-born citizen, or whose
naturalization as a citizen shall not have been
fully completed.
All licenses issued to officers of steam ves
sels shall be graded in accordance with the
laws governing the steam vessel inspection
service, and no license for a higher grade shall
be issued except upon written application by
the holder of a license, which application shall
not be granted unless the applicant-shall have
successfully passed an examination before a
regularly authorized board of examiners as to
his qualifications to be an officer of the ad
vanced grade, nor until such applicant shall
have served under his existing license at
least twelve months prior to his applica
tion for advancement; and no license
shall be suspended or revoked except upon
charges duly preferred in writing and ac
knowledged before an officer authorized to
administer an oath, and sustained by the su
pervising inspector-general after an investiga
tion of the charges, in which the accused shall
be allowed counsel and may testify in his own
behalf; and in no case shall the accused be
deprived of his license until a charge of In
competency or untitness against him shall be
sustained by the supervising inspector-gen
eral.
The examination of an applicant for a license
of a higher grade shall take place within ten
days alter such time as the applicant may re
quest.
Every license issued shall be for a term of
five years, but the holder of a license may have
the same renewed for another five years at any
time before its expiration; provided, however,
that any officer holding a license and who is
engaged in a service which necessitates his
continued absence from the United States may
make application in writing for one renewal
and transmit the same to the Board of Local
Inspectors with a statement of the applicant,
verified by a Consul or other officer of the
United States authorized to administer an
oath, setting forth the reasons for such applica
tion, and upon receiving the name the Board
of Local Inspectors that originally issued such
license shall renew the same for one additional
term of such license and shall notify the appli
cant of such renewal.
In time of war or other emergency any per
son who shall accept license as engineer of a
steam vessel shall be subject to temporary
draft into the navy of the United States, to act
ns engineer, under such regulations as may
be established by the Secretary of the Navy";
and while serving in the naval service of the
I'nited States such person shall be entitled to
receive the same pay and emoluments as an
officer of the navy of the same grade perform
ing similar duties.
Sec. 2, That all laws or parts of laws In con
flict with this act are hereby repealed.
"This bill is in furtherance of justice
toward the American mercnant marine
service," said Senator Squire in explana
tion at the time of the bill's introduction.
He went on to say:
Engineers residing In various parts of the
county, some of them, I am informed, in my
own State and city, have had the renewal of
their licenses to be engineers refused by the
local boards under circumstances that savor
strongly of rank injustice and favoritism.
Thus, it would appear that these men have
been unjustly deprived of their means of
livelihood.
It is one of the objects Of this bill to put a
stop to this' injustice and, furthermore, to
build up a still greater degree of efficiency
among these important servants of commerce.
Still another most important feature of the
bill is to increase the efficiency of our Naval
Reserve. When, a few years ago. a bill was
PHSsert granting, under certain conditions, a
subsidy to American steamers for carrying the
mails to foreign countries, there was a stipula
tion In that bill that these ships should be
"office rod by Americau citizens." When this
bill was passed I am sure that it was the belief
of every Senator that this meant that in all
parts of the ship upon which her movements
and her navigation depended the re
sponsible men in charge— call them what
you will — should be American citizens.
When the steamers of the American
line were accorded the privilege of carrying
the American Hag, and thus taking advantage
of the provisions of the postal bubsidy act, the
managers of this grpat line of steamers openly
and successfully contended that the provision's
regarding citizenship did not apply to the en
gineers, because, forsooth, in the eyes of the
people who control this great line an engineer
was not an "officer," and so it goes to-day.
The ships which we are annually paying "a
large subsidy forcarrying the mails under the
supposition that they are officered by Ameri
can citizens actually have only a few
real American citizens on board. The
rest are foreigners upon whom we could
not count in an emergency; men who have no
interest in the ships save that whicb comes
from their employment in time of peace. And
thus is lost to us the very thing for which we
are paying a subsidy— tiie building up of an
American merchant marine and the officering
and manning of these ships by truly American
citizens, so tnat in the event of the services of
these steamers being required by the Govern
ment iv case of war with a foreign Government
they would be in a condition to be at once
pressed into service. As it is now, the ships of
the American line are officered in theiretigine
rooms almost entirely by foreigner*, aud this
fuct was apparent a few days ago, when the
papers pave an account of a sad catastrophe
on board the American liner St. Paul, where
most of the engineers are not citizens of this
country.
When this bill comes up for discussion I shall
have something more to say on the subject,
and shall endeavor to ascertain why it is that
we are paying a subsidy to the steamers of this
line for an ocean speed which I have heard
Stated they have never yet maintained in a
vogage across the Atlantic— to a line which ap
pears to be American only in name, aud which
for its own greed has seen fit to cry out tv the
civilized world that the engineers of their
steamships are not officers, and that therefore
they need not be American citizens — a conten
tion as humiliating as it is un-American.
If the steamship companies which are get
ting subsidies from the Government do no con
sider their engineers officers I want Con
gress to make them officers in the eye of the
law, so that in case of trouble with any coun
try requiring the services of these steamers to
supplant those of the navy we shall have them
already with their officers and crew, as the act
contemplated, and not as they now are
officered in their engine-rooms by foreigners.
Another thing which I want to see enacted
into law is that these men shall be bona-fide
American citizens, and not merely men who
have taken out their first papers, and who may
have no intention of going further in that di
rection. I believe that whenever and under
whatever circumstances Americans have
served they have acquitted themselves most
creditably, and I cannot believe that the
engine-rooms ol these big steamers are
such mysterious places that the American
marine engineer would be a stranger there.
Our Americau engineers are serving <-redita
blyon vessels engaged in Oriental commerce
and along the shores of Asia. I claim, that
they are equal to the Scotch or any other en
gineers. They get the best pay aud perform aa
pood service as any. Our country cau depend
upon them in its commerce in time of peace,
and can depend upon them, if need be, in time
of war.
The bill was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and Senator Squire signi
fied his intentions of further arguing the
matter on the return of the bill from the
committee.
Bad Citizens.
My neighbor has a large farm here in
New Jersey and 3pends the winter in Flor
ida that he may see the country. la other
words, he robbed his own home years ago
to pay the railroad and his board bill, and
now bemoans the barrenness of the land
scape. He deserves to be kicked and yet
preserves the respect of his fellows; he
even excites their envy. Another of my
neighbors cut down four walnut trees that
he might enlarge his pipsty. After this
there seemed to be no hope, for these men
who even shoot cat-birds to save their
cherries, who stuff rheir stomachs and
starve their ears are not to be reasoned
with. For years, as I looked from
an east window, I saw that group
of walnuts towering above the other
trees, and in summer their leafy
tops seemed like a huge ball that was
rolling along the horizon, for trees on all
sides hemmed me in. Now there is a break.
I can see beyond, where Ido not care to
look, or looking earthward, trace the roof
of the new piggery. With the proceeds of
his crop of pork, he too, this enemy of wal
nut trees, is going to Florida. But even
worse things than this have been done.
Another neighbor has felled an oak
because the shade rotted the shin
gles, and now has a sun-burnt
dooryara with a sickly arbor rite
near where the old tree stood— a very mod
est green tombstone of the fallen monarch.
This neighbor never thought that his
shingle roof might have been replaced by
slate at about the same cost that was re
quired to remove the tree.— Charles C. Ab
bott in January Lippincott's.
POOL ROOMS ARE DOOMED
The Board of Supervisors Favors
the Prohibitive Ordi
nance.
WAGNER MEASURE WAS KILLED
The Order Prohibiting the Sale of
Burial Lots in the City Passes
to Print.
The Board of Supervisors struck a death
blow at the downtown pool-selling dens
yesterday by passing to print the original
poolroom ordinance, which prohibits pool
selling outside the confines of a racetrack,
and disposing of the Wagner ordinance by
rejecting it unconditionally.
When the matter was called up tinder
the head of unfinished business the author
of the "Wagner measure, which entirely
prohibited pool-selling within the City
and County of San Francisco, made what
was intended to be an elaborate argument
in favor of hi 9 resolution, but became
sadly mixed before he had proceeded far.
He did not think that horse-racing would
be found to be a failure if the pool-selling
feature was eliminated, and called atten
tion to the races of years ago, when noth
ing but individual betting was carried on
at racetracks.
Then he betrayed an entire lack of
knowledge of the manner in which tracka
are cared for. He intended to say that
horses sometimes ran when the mud
reached to their knees, but succeded in
saying that they sometimes ran "up to
their mud in knees," an operation which
he characterized as being ''against human
nature." He urgently demanded the pas
sage of the resolution. The rollcall being
asked for the vote resulted as follows:
In favor— King, Scully, Hlneb and Warner.
Against— Benjamin, Dirnond, Hughes, I>un
ker, Taylor, Morganatern, Spreckeis and Hobbs.
This matter being effectually disposed
of Supervisor Dimond offered the original
ordinance, which will close the downtown
dens, for passage to print. Wagner at
once moved as a substitute that the mutter
be indefinitely postponed, but this tr
was lost by a vote of 7 to 5, King, Scully,
Benjamin, Hindi and Wagner voting in
favor of it. The original motion was then
put and the vote was 8 to 4 in favor of it,
Wagner voting "aye" with Supervisors
Dimond, Hughes, I 'tinker, Taylor, Bior
ganstern, Spreckeis and Hobbs, in order to
give notice that he would move for a re
consideration at the next meeting.
The ordinance prohibiting the further
sale of lots in the cemeteries within the
City limits was made the basis ot a warm
debate when it came up for passage to
print. Supervisor Dimond making a strong
argument against it.
He said that it appeared to him that the
measure had been inspired by real estate
speculators who desired to enhance the
value of their holdings by closing the
cemeteries, thereby causing the ruin of en
terprises on which the societies which had
founded them had spent many thousands
of dollars.
He thought that if the cemeteries were a
nuisance to the City they should be so de
clared by the Board of Health, which was
the proper body to look after such matters.
When the matter went to a vote it wa3
carried of 8 to 4, King, Scully, Diruond
and Taylor voting in the negative.
The milk ordinance formulated by the
Board of Health, requiring dealers who in
tend going into the business to obtain per
mits from the health authorities and to
sell milk of a certain degree of purity, was
finally Dassed ana goes into effect imme
diately.
The amendments to the municipal ordi
nances regarding the carrying or manu
facturing of burglar tools, which were pro
posed by Chief of Police Crowley, were
finally passed.
The Supervisor from the First Ward in
troduced a resolution, apparently intended
to be sarcastic, censuring Rev. \Y. W. Case
for certain utterances credited to him re
garding the board. The board decided
that such a measure was undignified and
uncalled for, and refused to sanction it by
a vote of it to 3.
At the close of the meeting Supervisor
Wacner introduced a resolution providing
that ractracKs or places where exhibitions
of horses or horse-racing take place shall be
subject to a license of $l<»0 per day, or if
kept open continuously $500 per quarter.
Supervisor Dimond moved that the
matter be referred to the License and
Order Committee, which was carried.
NEW TO-DAT.
(*■"• ♦?■ H/* MB
Dr. Sanden's...
... Electric Belt.
No longer a question as to its
wonderful power to cure. It i 9
acknowledged by physicians to
be a modern health-builder. It
has all the improvements known
to science, a perceptible, even
current of electricity, with regu-
lator, and, applied direct to the
nerve centers, it cures when all
else fails.
"i was greatly troubled with indigestion, so bad
that it prevented my sleep at night. I have used
your belt just thirty days, and 1 can now eat food
whk-h 1 did not think I would ever be able to touch
again. My sleep Is sound, and I am refreshed in
the morning." says C. P. Anderson, with Ballard <fc
Hall, Fifth and Uranium streets, Ban Francisco,
January 4, 1896.
Are You Sick?
If you are not well yon can find quick relief from
this wonderful Belt. (Jet the hook "Three Classes
of Men," written for weak men and women. It is
free. Or call und see the Belt.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours, 8 to 8;
evenings, 7to 8:30. Hundays, 10 to 1.
- - ■ ■ _ IRON BEDS,
— 4— "* BRASS BEDS.
' FOLDING BEDS,'
*• »; Wire and Hair Mat-
/ ' tresses, Reclining
f||| Ht Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
I I ffHttltf Commodes, Back Rests
lUil S 1 W. A. SCHROCK,
4^^* J-~ JfmH jjx
tf ' Lr" 1 I New Montgomery
St.. under Urauu
1 Hotel, 8. F.
910
SHOULD WOMEN
VISIT PASTORS ?
The Clergymen Are All
Aroused, but Are Not
Unanimous.
DANGER FROM SCANDAL
Widespread Interest Caused by
the Attitude and Words of
Rev. Mr. Law.
REPUTATION A PREACHER'S ALL
The Oakland Divine's Doctrine of
Restriction Is Condemned and
Approved.
The Btand taken by the Rev. V. Marshall ;
Law of Oakland in regard to calls from
women of his congregation, and his utter- '
ance on the general question of whether
women should be allowed to visit pastors
in their studies when no third person is !
preseut, has awakened a great deal of in- j
terest, both among the laity and the
preachers, and many of the latter on both
sides of the bay have already expressed .
themselves on the subject.
The Oakland clergyman who has deter- :
mined to fortify himself against the possi
bility of the repetition of another Brown-
Davidson scandal is not alone in his
convictions. But there are others who
condemn his declarations ana the senti- j
ments that seem to prompt them as insult- •
ing to the women of the congregation.
The Rev. V. Marshall Law, pastor of the
Oakland Church of the Advent, whose j
stand on the question started the discus- j
sion, thus defends his position :
No one has a right to assume that all
bank depositors are inso because the cash
ier locks his vaults in the presence of some of |
the most reliable business men of the city who j
happen to be tarrying in the bank when the j
hour for shooting the great bolts arrives. The j
said business man knows those iocks are for j
protection against thieves and robbers, and ;
the said business man instead of feeling in- j
sulted naturally rejoices that the bolts are !
massive an>i the safes of case-hardened steel, !
for his own treasure is also inclosed in that I
safe !
So when a minister notes that thieves and
robbers of character are about, and that they '
thrive on the unsuspecting, unsophisticated
nrss and easy appn ach to ministers and their
churches, all right-minded Christian men and
women ought to be glad when they see pre
cautions taken before, not after, mischief is I
done. God has entrusted his ministers with a !
precious charge, and he must bt; better pleased <
to have them err in guarding it than to rind
them careless about it, ris though of little, or
nothing, worth. Let Mrs. Partridge or her
irieuds ask a dozen business men in succession
their views on this question. 1 think she will I
find that they hav< little use for the average j
'•pastoral call," as ordinarily conducted, and i :
even less use for the solitary "calling of ladies I
on the minister in his study. A business man!
cannot, of course, accuse anybody of misdoing, i
but, civen his choice, ne is better pleased to j
have the minister call when others are about,
and he has a right to be. This is in accordance
with common social decency only, and I for one i
intend to observe it as far as practicable.
The minister has no trouble ana fears none j
from those of his parish who are established in ■
the community, It is the lone visitor <>i un
known antecedents and a clearly "trumped
up" excuse to call who disturbs his peace of
mind and makes him fear for his stewardship.
Laws are made for the lawless, not the law
abiding. There is no use in getting into a !
"peppyjig" about it and trying 10 see a wnole- '
sale insult in a minister's effort to care for the
reputation of his flock and his church as well
as himself. No such insult or aspersion was •
lor a moment intended, as Mrs. Partridge and
every one else mur>t ste. If those pood souls
who have "feelings" lying about to be stepped :
on will start a society for arresting those
mothers who allow their little girls to run the .
street at all hours of the 'lay or night, making
such thinss as the recent notorious develop- !
ments of San Frp.ncisco possible, a better ser
vice will be done society ihen in showing a I
disposition to "keel-haul" a minister who in i
his humble way is trying to serve his day and ;
generation in a common-sense, practical way.
My plattorm is simply this: I decline to visit
or be visited by ladies except where others i
(preferably male) members of the household j
are known to be about within easy call. If |
this be treason to God, man or my brother mm- :
lsters, let those who call this policy in question
make the most of it. V. MARSHALL Law.
The Rev. M. F. Colburn, pastor of Grace
Methodist Church, says:
I think It is very inadmissible for a woman :
to visit the church study. It is very liable to ;
bring scandal. 1 admit no ladies to ruy church j
6tudy on any pretext wnatever. i have mv
office hours in the house from 1 to 2 in the
afternoon, and there receive members of the j
congregation as any other acquaintance would
be received. There are always two ladies in
the house and the folding-doors open from the
parlor, so there never would be any chance ol ,
any lady finding herself embarrassed.
Blackmailing among a certain class is very :
common on ministers. A minister's reputa- ;
tion is of more cash value- thnn the reputation
of a man in any other occupation. ■
A lawyer can be a little s-hady and still be !
considered all right as a lawyer, and there are '
many doctors that arc not just right.
In San Francisco more than anywhere else
there are widowettes, women who have been
married several times and are looking for an
opportunity to blackmail. My reputation is '
all 1 have in the world, and'l have tried to j
keep it by keeping the female where I conld '
handle her.
It does not make any difference whether Dr.
Brown is innocent or not, this matter has
ruined him in this town.
The Rev. J. George Gibson, pastor of the
Emmanuel Baptist Church:
Don't lawyers receive ladies in their offices? j
Isn't a minister's study his office? Ido not see i
why a minister should not receive a woman in I
his study.
There is one thing certain if a woman wants
to catch a preacher and she can't catch him in
his study she'll eaten him somewhere else. We
see the priests receiving women, men and
children that come to them and nothing is
said. I do not see why it should not be the
same with Dr. Brown or the preacher of any
other churcn.
.Never in all ray life have I had any experi
ence that was dreadful outsideof the Durrant
case I meant; that was something out of the
ordinary.
Society does not demand that a lawyer should !
be bo good a man as a minister that preaches !
morality all the time, ana of course any reflec
tion on a preacher's morality would utterly ruin i
him. while a man of any other profession I
could recover. Just think of all the minis
ters in San ifrascisoo and in Oakland, and the I
young and unmarried men, and how many |
ecandals can you recall connected with them? I
I guiae my own life very much to suit my
self and I depend upon the advice neither of
old women nor ot olu men in the congregation
I think that Mrs. Davidson would have ac
complished what t-he did even had Dr. Brown
not had study hours, and as lor the suggestion
of Mrs. Stockton's having kissed him in his
study that might have happened had the call
been at his own house. N\ hen a person comes !
for consultation it is not expected that others i
will be present.
I think thai it will be found that when !
younp jadies wish to call they generally have ;
the good sense to come two or tnree at a time. ;
The Rev. A. J. Wells, pastor of the
Second Unitarian Church:
I am utterly opposed to the motion that Mr.
I. aw has promulgated. It is entirely disre-
pecttul to our women and daughters. Jt tends
to beget a degrading idea of womanhood. '■ It I
shows want of' self-respect on the part of a
minister and that he has not confidence in
himself. The minister that cannot meet a
woman in .his study in the course of average
social and religious life is certainly unworthy
of the pulpit. \ .h :
The Rev. Dr. W. D. Williams, pastor of
Pis-mouth Congregational Church:
I liave always received visits in my study
and I think it would be an insult to the women
of my church to forbid them to come here. I
would receive those I know and those properly
introduced, the same as I would at my own j
home. Ido not think Dr. Brown will prohibit I
I women from coming to his study because of
this episode, but of course I have no authority
to speak for him.
I do not think that any young man with com
mon-sense, whether minister or business man,
i would want women comingj-ound to his busy
quarters.
I think that a high standard of womanhood
' would prevent a pastor even intimating that
women cannot come to his study. It is a low
standard of manhood that Intimates anything
else.
Every Christian minister should be both
strong'and gentle, and he cannot combine both |
: elements and ignore Ideal womanhood.
I have noticed <nite a number of times that
these fearful of wrongdoing have proved most
liable to do it.
The Rev. Dr. Mackenzie, pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church:
Pastoral calling and duties are as old as the j
church. The methods are long established.
The minister must expect to be called on by
: those in trouble, in sorrow, in need or seeking
counsel for their Christian lives. This is a
! necessary part and must be a prominent part
lof the ministry of Jesus Christ. The number
of times it has bej?n abused is so very small
• that I see no good reason for modifying it at
this late day. Personally I receive such calls j
at ray own house, but if it is more convenient j
for other ministers to do so in a study in the i
church they arc entitled to the exercise of j
I their own judgment. As a pastor I have been j
called upon to visit the sick, the dyine, the
needy in all parts of the City by day and by !
night, and when I could I have gone", and iv
' tend to go as Ion? as I am in the ministry. The ;
unnumbered multitude of the sincere who call i
, on or for us should not be made to suffer from !
' the wrongdoing of the nefarious few who may j
have abused the privileges accorded to them.
The Rev. W. A. Gardner, pastor of the
West Side Christian Church:
I do not think calls upon the pastor in his
study are right. I told a man to-day that I
would not have a. study separated from my
house. Women will run into the study and I
think it a wry, very bad thing. 1 have "always
opposed it.
The very purest of men will get tales about
i them. There is always a chance for scandal
i when a minister promiscuously permits women
i to come to his study. Pastors should do their
! receiving in their houses with their families.
, Some women would go to a study thai would
1 never call under other circumstances.
I have known a great many scandals to
• originate from visits to ministers' studies. I
think that the pastor that has a wife should
make a great many of his visits with his wife.
i I presume that there are very few pastors
that do not receive requests to make calls that
they cannot respond to. There is no class cf
people more imposed upon by designing per- I
sons than ministers. When I receive an invita- |
Tion from some one I don't know to call I throw I
the letter in the waste basket or else I take my
wife with me.
There are very few congregations that have
not in them people that talk too much, but the
greatest danger to the preacher's reputation is ;
from the outside, from his enemies and from
the common enemies of religion, who are j
always eager to credit and circulate damaging j
things abjut a clergyman.
I think that the peculiar circumstances by !
I which Dr. Brown was surrounded, the factions ;
• in his church, the opposition to him and the
extreme dislike of him by several of the con- j
gregation caused him wiien Mrs. Davidson ap- !
j proachedhim to make a preat mistake, that he
; would not otherwise have made, in paying her |
: ij^oo.
The Rev. W. R- Goodwin, pastor of the j
California-street Methodist Church:
I have been a pastor for nearly forty years ;
and have never had any trouble result "from
calls made at my study. " But when I came to j
San Francisco about a year ago 1 thought it
well from the different conditions here to con
fine the calls ;<> the pastorate. I used to an
nounce my prospective calls from the pulpit
every Sunday, giving tour days a week to vis
iting among the congregation, but I found that
I coula not do that here.
1 think it has come to a pretty pass if a
freacher cannot visit the families" ot his con- i
regation without bis motives being ques
tioned.
To begin with, a pastor ought to have com- I
mon sense. I find that when women of the
town find a man has common sense they are !
not goiup to bother him.
A shepherd ought to know his sheep, and a !
pastor ought to know his congregation. He
onght to receive calls at the pastorate. Some :
men's chief strength is in their sociability, and
their force with the congregation may depend '
largely npon the exercise oi that influence.
As for myself I would not waul to make a ;
statement from my pulpit requesting people ,
not to come to my study, ior it would seem to ;
me to be an insinuation" that some of the con- ;
gregation were not what they ought to be, and
they might very properiy resent it.
The Rev. Dr. Scalding, pastor of St. |
, John's Episcopal Church;
There will always be designing women as i
I there are designing men, a::d precautions that :
; criticize the inuocent many for the evil few
arc manifestly unjust.
As in the "past, so In the present, if God's !
servant be doit.g his duty he can rest assured
that "God will make his jubt dealing as clear
as the light."
Edwards Davis, minister of the Central
Christian Church, Oakland:
I take occasion to reply to the recent utter- j
ances of Rev. V. Marshall Law from his pultiit, |
forbiuding the admission of ladies into his |
■ study, indeed, into the pale of his presence, ;
without the company of au escort or in the !
, cognizance of his wife.
 This impetuous plunge into punctilious pro
; priety; this self-ostracization from society, can
I mean but little more than personal abnega
! tion. The timorous voice of protest from a
man against the encroachments ot women
■ sounds like the echo of a monk's "please don't
1 touch me" from the ruined cloisters of the
dark ecclesiastic ages. If the ministry is to be
muzzled because a dog has bitten— nay, God
; will close our mouths when the waters" from
j the fountain shall prove bitter. The man or t
: woman that cannot be trusted in the dark of I
j the night can but deceive and damn in the
light of day.
And what a rotten fabrication that has made
a man draw round his frame the pharisaic robes
of righteousness! Who can prohibit calumny ;
who is beyond false accusation? Was not Christ i
: condemned? And whet though there is guilt
] in one, "who among you is without sin?" Iv
: the case that has caused this affected modesty
who is guilty but the judges of the unconvicted
: accused I .'
i I cannot believe that the ministry, and those
that neve expressed themselves similarly to
■ the utterance under consideration, can have
realized that their position of personal protec
tion is an insult to real womanhood. If women
are to be prohibited from ministers' studies,
.^hall they not be excluded from physicians'
; oifices and artists' studios? Ridiculo"us idea!
I Think of a workine woman having to engage a
1 thaperone to con.-ult a minister of God about
j the way to heaven! The scarlet sins of the in
iquitous cannot tinge the cheek with even a
blush, where biood flows freely from a heart of
purity.
The Rev. Dr. Williams of Plymouth Con
! gregational Church referred Sunday night
i during his extemporaneous sermon to vis
! its to the pastor's study. He said that he
believed that a great many ministers in
the City had In the last twenty-four hours
been approached on the subject. "Many
of you," he continued, "will see expres
sions of this question in the morning pa
pers. I would not insult the good women
I of this church or any other congregation
! by insinuating that I am to them some
thing besides a minister of Jesus Christ."
Rev. Philip Graif, pastor of the First
Free Baptist Church of Oakland:
Notwithstanding the recent scandal, empha
sizing prudence of conduct on the part of the
clergyman in his relation to women, it seems
to me as a rule ethically unsound and mor
ally unwholesome to exclude lady parishion
ers from visiting him, if unaccompanied. If
his port or demeanor is that of a flirt and a
gay cavalier toward the fair sex, he has mis
taken his calling and is better adapted to the
jests and jousts of a. Parisian 6alon than the
! graver sphere of a shepherd of soulk. To such
■ curled and rose-scented darlings of the pulpit,
I if there be any of that type.it were well for
! themselves and their soft-skinned admirers
j that they never met too often alone. It isonlv
! too true that for a minister, whose profession
: renders him a person that ought to be easily
j accessible to all, it is a sort of moral slur upon
■ himself ar.d the lady members of his flock if,
i peremptorily and sweepingly, he denies them
\ all audience unless in the presence of wit
nesses.
Now and then a glib-tongued and shrewd ad
venturess may insinuate herself, with the
ilthtness of a gliding serpent, the grace of a
I sylph and the enchanting voice of a siren into
his congregation and play her game, but gen
• erally his female parishioners are an a class
j chaste and lofty minded, and to indiscrimin
; ately forbid any of the latter access to the
; preacher's study would seem to imply, in the
church, an unhappy state of morals oiid piety.
If at all n-asonably dignified and careful, the
man of the cloth can live securely and un
sullied, even above the slightest breath of sus
| piciou. In proportion to the number, Chris-
I tain women live ag saintly and stainless lives
as their pastors, although the devil arrays him
self as well sometimes in a white cravat as in
| balloon sleeves. In short, if minister* are en
j tangled in illicit events it is largely because
! they have yielded to the enticements of their
baser nature.
Rev. S. S. Palmer of the Brooklyn Pres
byterian Church says:
I moved my study from the church, to my
residence eignteen months ago because of
sickness in the family. I was wanted often
and it the study was at home I could respond
to the family call without loss of time. It
never entered my mind at the time of the
change that any women might attempt to
blackmail me. The papers have ail quoted
me as beins among tho^e changing my study
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
owing to the Brown case, but it was nothing
of the kind. Any one who does that only does
it to secure a little notoriety. It is very un
becoming to say the least.
Rev. J. EL Bushnell. pastor of the Eng
lish Lutheran Church and secretary of the
Oakland Ministerial Union, says:
I have no patience with men who attempt to
use the Brown case to get into the public print
by announcing that they will not receive
iadies at the church studies hereafter. It is
sheer nonsense. I do not believe ministers
6hould be so ready to rush into the public
prints as some have shown themselves to be.
It is altogether unchristlike and only results
in an injury to the cause for which we are
laboring. The time could be spent better in
some work to relieve the sufferings of mankind.
Rev. C. H. Hobart, pastor of the First
Baptist Church of Oakland, says:
My study has always been in the church and
I can see no good reason for changing it at
present. I have never had any trouble regard
ing people coming to my study and have no
fear that I ever shall. It would be rather hard
on women as a class to say that it was not safe
for the ministers of California to have a 6tudy
in their church.
Rev. Campbell Coyle, assistant pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church of Oakland,
says:
There is a good point raised in the position I
of ministers having their studies at their resi- '
dences, but I do not think any fuss should be
raised over the subject. I believe the general
visiting should be at the pastor's home, but
during office hours any one having business I
should be admitted at the church study. This
is the way I manage it, and I have no tronble.
PEOPLE'S BANK AFFAIRS.
The Stockholders in Annual Ses
sion Elect a New Board
of Directors.
Depositors Express Themselves About
the Action of the Stock
holders.
The annual meeting of the stockholders
of tbe People's Home Savings Bank, in
liquidation, was held yesterday in the
company's office in the Mills building.
Four thousand seven hundred and fifty of
the 6843 shares were represented and voted.
George Stone in an address to the stock
holders said:
Perhaps the progress made during the past
year in liquidating the obligations of the bank
will not appear wholly satisfactory, nor what
the creditors had the right to expect. This
may be partly due to certain outside Influ
ences and partly to a divided opinion among
the directors as to the policy of selling real
estate belonging to the corporation at this
time.
It is true that the shrinkage in land values
for the past few years has Drought the market
value of the bank's real estate to such a low
figure that one may well hesitate to sell for
such prices as can be obtained, but I doubt
the wisdom oi holding these lauds for a pos
sible revival in value, even it' the directors
have the power so to do.
I think the law governing the settlement of
insolvent banks expressly implies that such
insolvent corporations shall as speedily as
possible liquidate their indebtedness by con
verting the holdings into cash ana dividing
the proceeds nmone the creditors.
I sincerely hope tha; the incoming board of
directors will show a disposition to pay the
needy depositors some portion of their claims
by at once proceeding to sell such of the bank's
property, at the prevailing market price, as
they may find purchasers for.
The secretary and manager, John F.
Sheehan, presented the following state
ment of resources and liabilities on the
31st of last December:
Resources— Loans on real estate, $328,
--31509; loans on collaterci security, >-t!
--832 74; loans on personal security, $728 .~>3'
stocks and bonds owned, $399,250; real estate
owned. $756,513 59; furniture and fixtures.
$230; profit and loss account, $71,666 8S;
easn on hand and in bnnks, $55,244 67. Total
resources, $1,690,779 50.
Liabilities— Capital stock. $228,100; capital
stock, second call, $666 66; due depositors.
$1,467,919 84; stockholders 1 dividends un
paid, $93; total liabilities, $1,696,779 50.
The following is a summary of the
receipts and disbursements from January
9, 1895, to December 31:
Receipts— Balance on hand and In bank
(January 0, 1895), $92,177 25; from interest
collected, $6446 !•:*; rents, s9347 10; mortgage
loans, $40,53S 04; collateral loar.s, $5000:
commercial loans. $8750; real estate sold,
$8402 50; sundries, .*;ft>s 07; second call on
capital stock, $666 66; total receipts, $79.
--816 30; grand total, $171,993 55.
Disbursements— Account of current expenses
$2167 98; salary, $4612 50; attorneys
$2450; real estate owned by the bank for care,
water, etc.. $5536 62; real estate mortgaged
to the bank, for legal expenses, care, water
etc., $5590 46: tßxe.s paid, $11,630 18; Re.i
lands water stock purchased to secure wuter
for orange orchards, $9125; rr.cilic Coast
Savings Society, in settlement of Safe Deposit
mattert>, $1100; K. J. Walcott, in settlement
as per judgment of Superior Court, $3000;
sundries, $505; dividend 1 In liquidation
I $71,031 14; total disbursements, $116,748 S£;
I balance on hand and in bank December 31*
1805, $55,244 67; grand total, $171,993 55. '
Tho following named were elected direct
ors for the ensuing year: George Scone,
! depositor; George F. Davidson, depositor
and stockholder; S. K. Thornton, repre
senting stockholders; I. J. Truman, presi
dent of the Columbian Banking Company,
representing stockholders and depositors;
Cleveland Dam, representing stockholders
and depositors; \V. H. Phelps, depositor,
| and R. I). Fry, vice-president of the Cali
j fornia Safe Deposit Company. The board
then elected the following officers: George
L. Stone, president; George F. Davidson,
! vice-president; Mr. Thornton having de
j dined. J. F. Sheehan, secretary and
| manager.
i All but Truman, Dam and Fry were of
I the old board of directors.
"The new board," said Manager Shee
han after the meeting, "'has solid business
men upon it. and they show a disposition
to raise money for the depositors. It is
thc-ir intention to sell property as soon as
they can obtain a fair market value for it.
I am of the opinion that a dividend will
soon be declared."
T. J. McCarthy, chairman of the asso
ciation of stockholders, in speaking of the
action of the stockholders at the meeting,
said:
They have ignored the Interests of the de
positors by leaving off T. J. Williams and J.
Daizeli Brown of the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, which represents over
$720,000 of assigned claims. It is true that
they put on R. D. Fry, but he will decline to
qualify as a director for the reason that Mr.
Brown was also to have been appointed. They
broke faitli and left Mr. Brown off for reasons
best known to themselves.
There was no good reason for leaving Mr
Williams off tbe board. He was familiar with
the character of the assets and woula have
been invaluable in closing up the affairs of the
bank. Cleveland Dam, who was elected a
director, holds ten shares of stock only and in
not a depositor. We fear there is a scheme on
foot, but we propose to watch the movements
of the board very closely.
T. J. Williams said:
Legally tbe stockholders hare a right to elect
aboard of directors, but morally the depos
itors should have control as the stockholders
have evaded their liabilities and voted their
stock to uphold General John F. Sheehan as
manager at $175 a month. He holds on to the
office with tenacity. He did not scruple to
draw $500 per month when he had the power
to do so.
George Bancroft Conant, another depos
itor, said :
Had they retained T. J. Williams and
elected Mr. Brown and I. J. Truman the de
positors would feel sure that their interests
would be guarded.
Barclay Henley's Accident.
Attorney Barclay Henley, while dismounting
from a I'acinc-avenue car last Sunday, was
thrown to the ground, sustaining a severe and
painful laceration of the right hand and other
minor injuries. While his hurts are not con
sidered serious, they are probably sufficient to
conflnehim to nls home for some time to come.
Art Lecture To-Night.
The second art lecture in the university
course before the Young Men's Christian
Association will be given this evening at
Association hnll, Mason and Ellis streets, by
Professor Ardley at 8 o'clock. The lecture will
be open for both Indies and gentlemen. The
subject this evening will be "Practical De
sign, and How to Construct It; Its Relations to
All Our Industries." The lecture will be illus
trated by drawings and designs.
THE EVIL OF GAMBLING
Dr. W. W. Case of the Howard
Church Talks of Its
Influence.
HE FAVORS A COUNTERPLEDGE
And Advises More Rigid Discipline
Over Young People in the
Home Circle.
Dr. W. W. Case of the Howard Methodist
j Episcopal Church delivered an interesting
! sermon last Sunday night upon the gam
bling mania. A Jarge congregation was
I present. Dr. Case spoke as follows:
Gambling is a most destructive practice. It
is one of the vices that darkens the prospects
of our Nation's future. It has blighted the
hopes of numberless parents. It has thrown a
I funereal pall over millions of young men and
| swept them into the whirpool of final ruin. It
■ is impossible to sum up all of the mental
, agonies and the heart sorrows that have re
! suited from gambling.
It is an acknowledged fact that gambling is
rapidly increasing. It seems to be a part of
civilization— one of the vices of civilization.
Gambling has becomean infatuation, a passion,
an insanity. Gambling is destroying the ner
vous system, the brain, the mentality and the
morality of multitudes. Gambling is a vice
that I fully believe is handed down as a matter
of inheritance from one generation to another,
so that men are born with brains already
tainted, and predisposing them to this vice.
An artist has painted a set of pictures en
titled "Road to Ruin." They are an exhorta
tion to the individual and to the Nation on
gambling. The set of pictures are danger
signals crying out "Stop!" to the young men
on the very threshold of the gambler's career.
The first picture of his set of five represents a
number of young men in what is evidently a
room in college. The gray light ot morning is
dimming the blaze of the candles as it streams
through the window, within a few yards of
which can be seen the college chapel. The
young men in the room are playing cards.
Those who have won look happy, while those
who have lost look disappointed and miserable.
They all bear the appearance of intelligence,
which, if properly directed, might be powerful
for good.
Another picture of the set shows us the
grandstand at a racecourse, in which is promi
nently to be seen one of the most promisiug
lookiner of the young men in the first picture, I
in the usual way booking bets. Another pic- |
ture depicts the suffering of the gambler's wife
and children, half fed, half clad, suffering from
sickness and destitute. The last picture of all
shows us the garret with its miserable sticks of
furniture, its empty cupboard, its white
washed walls, its curtainless windows, with the
church once more to be seen in the vicinity.
A broken-down man, who was the promising
youth in the first picturerwho was the fi:;e,hand
some-looking man at fche grandstand, is now
to be seen an elaerly man with a broken spi.it
and with despair written on every lineament
o: his face, as he is in the act of "locking his
parret door before taking up the pistol which !
lies on the rickety dealtable in order to com- i
mit suicide.
Thus we have the gambler's life from the
promising youth In the college to the despair
ing suicide in the garret. I? this a mere fanci
ful picture? Is it a sentimental dream from
the artist's brain? Is it an exceptional life
that is here portrayed? Is it a sample of the
effect of vice that is not prevalent but excep
tional? Is there something good in gambling
in the bulk? Is there, after all, something
noble and virtuous and beneficial to humanity
in the gambler's life, so that this object is not
a fair sample?
We put these questions in ail sincerity and
honesty. If there is something to be said in de
lense of gambling we want to hear it, for in
our condemnation of gambling we condemn a
multitude of people, many of whom stand well
and high in the eyes of men and in trie ranks
of society. I send out the challenge. Who
will pick up the gauntlet? Who will defend
gambling? As for myself, I have considered
the matter, and while I can perceive two sides
to most cas-es; I can see only one side to this.
The thief may have two sides to his case. He
mny steal when pressed by hunger in defense
of his life. Ido not know but what I might
find out some excuse for some classes of mur
derers. But what excuse can be given for
gambling?
What excuse can be given for the gamblers
at the grandstand, for those who lead fashion,
for those who know they are leading men and
women mid children astray? What excuse can
any man bring forward in defense of these
people who by their example are placing the
Mamp of approbation upon gambling? What
excuse can we find to defend the course of the
sons and daughters of the money kings of our
land, who are the patrons and "supporters of
the gambling institutions? How dare these
men who have inherited millions, how dare
their wives, their daughters and their sons,
who patronize these places— hoy dare they set
such vicious examples before the youth of our
City and State and country?
I appeal to the accidentally rich in Pan
Francisco to consider their influence in patron
izing the racecourse and in popularizing and
perpetuating this destructive business. The
gambling habit seems to live and thrive in San
Francisco. Laws have been enacted prohibit
ing gambling of various sorts, but still the
evil appears to thrive among us. The feeling
prevails more and more widely that gambling
is a trifling offense. In nearly all classes it is
being indulged in In every form.
Christians who object to card-piaying every
where find themselves laughed at by the nomi
nal religionists, who are so numerous, as being
Puritanical simpletons. But they an- the real
simpletons who fail to see how certain recrea
tions furnish exactly the kind of education
needed in an elementary stage for graduating
in the most hardening vices. For, unques
tionably, the habit of gambling is the most
fatally hardening of all, and everything that
leads to it ought to be abandoned by prudent
people. It has been said that betting is an
octopus which in these days fastens itself on
every sport, and one of the most deplorable
fncts in connection with this matter is that
great numbers ol respectable people seem
spiritually obtuse and stupefied as to the way in
which they helr> to fatten the octopus. Even
an octopus may be starved, but this monster is
fed by many who should be intelligently con
scientious enough to know better.
There are recreations, which we do not need
to be continually specifying, which are actu
ally encouraged and even taught in many
families where strict propriety is professed, but
which are the exact preparations . hich the
devil demands for use as the most insidious
methods of demoralization. Christian young
men and women who do not know how to
dance, who do not play at whist, who do not
know anything of the inside of atheaterare
now exposed, if they belong to good social
circles, to miid persecution of continuous con
tempt. Every tew weeks some fresh protest is
heard against the all-pervading practice of
gambling, and yet nothing seems to result but
the recurrence of the protest. The American
people have really commenced their moral
education, but we have as yet only begun.
That wo have not very far developed is evident
from the attitude of all classes in relation to
gambling. Lotteries are illegal, and this is a
Kood beginning, but the patronage of the turf
by wealthy and otherwise respectable people is
doing immense harm to society.
Only the other day we were told of a child
found crying in the street who said: "I
had a nickel to buy father's beer and I bet on
a horse and lost it." It is to be feared that this
child is but a type of the average boy in San
Francisco. It is "not to be wondered at that the
mania for gambling is increasing in every
quarter. Trie bookmaker has become a regu
larly recognized member of society and yet
his work is perhaps more damaging to every
social interest than that of any other individ
ual in the community. ' It is said in England
that the bookmaker and the pickpocket are
often combined in one individual.
What can be done to abate the progress of
one of the most dangerous and degrading hab
lts which can be produced in any community?
This question was put to Dean Farrar by the
editor of the magazine called The Young- Man.
In reply he says: "There is no royal road to
put an ena tobetting and gambling. The law
must interfere as far as it can, impartially and
sincerely. The newspapers must cease to pub
lish gambling intelligence. The leaders of
morality must teach those whom th*"y influ
ence and public influence must make itself
felt. Above all, young men must learn to say
'no' when they are asked to join in sweepstakes
or any other form of beUing and gambling. It
is no use to ask what is the harm? The harm
is that thousands are ruined by these begin
nings. We perish by the results of small be
ginnings."
Canon Wilberforce, in response to a similar
question, writes as follows: -'I am of the opin
ion thatalargeconferenceof persons interested
in national purification should be called by re
sponsible leaders of religious thought, to con
sider what gambling is and to inaugurate
movements by which a crusade agninst this
vice mitht be carried to a successful issue."
Something of this sort is contemplated by the
Civic Federation of our City. Let us do our
best to encourage the movement.
How is the gamoling habit produced? Doubt
less, very few expect to become habitual gam
bler? when they take the first steps. Indeed,
there are scarcely any who anticipate becom
ing as proficient in the "ways that are dark
and tricks that are vain' as Bret Harte's
"Heathen Chinee." And yet it is precisely
the first steps which are so dangerous, and
these first steps are generally regarded as quite
innocent enough.
Recently these first steps are developing in
curious ways, if not "ways that are dark." The
other day we noticed a large glass bottle con
taining buttons in the window of a store, and
written across the window was the startling
announcement that every customer that should
spend $1 or more was entitled to a guess at the
number of buttons in ihe bottle. This privi
lege was to be allowed up to a certain date,
when the person who nad guessed nearest the
exact number of buttons would receive a valu
able present.
Now, what is this but a step in the direction
of gambling, if, indeed, it is not gambling it
self ? It is undoubtedly taking a chance, and
this chance is paid for by purchasing a dollar's
worth of goods oi the merchant. It was really
quite suggestive to notice how it caught the
public attention and how many persons were
constantly crowding the window reading the
announcement.
Many instances might be mentioned illus
trating the demoralization of the public as
regards the question under consideration.
■\\ hat must be done? Undoubtedly the evil is
great and the remedy ought to be applied as
?oon as possible. Tne first ami, perhaps, the
most important step to stay the tide is U> begin
the work in the home circle. Let parents in
struct their children in the true principles of
life and particularly discourage them in those
false methods to get gain. We fear the parents
are too indifferent about this matter. livery
noble life must find its true inspiration in the
home circle, and hence we plead for purity in
the home, nnd then we believe the Sunday
school teacher and preacher and the civil law
will have much Jess to do in order to correct
tne evil of which we have been speaking.
It may be necessary for us, however, to or
ganize anti-gambling societies. Such sqcieti#s
hnve been formed in England, and one in con
nection with the Methodist Mission at the Cen
tral Hall, Manchester, is worthy of mention.
Illuminated pledge-cards have been issued and
many of them have been signed. The follow
ing is the form of the pledge:
"Believing gambling, betting on horses, etc.,
to be a sin against God and a great curse to
men, I hereby pledge myself, God helping me,
to abstain from this evil m every form, and to
do my utmost to save others from it."
We should like to see tnis pledge, or a sim
ilar one, widely circulated here. It certainly
would have an educational effect which could
have no other but a salutary influence upon
the rising generation. We commend most
heartily the efforts of the Civic Federation to
assist the authorities in putting an end to
these aoominations, or at least reducing to a
minimum the gambling vice in our City.
ALLOTTING INDIAN LANDS
Agent Charles W. Turpin's Work
in Connection With the
Hoopa Tribe.
He Allotted 5500 Acres to 500 Indians
and Has Recommended Sixty-Eight
Additional Sections.
Charles W. Turpin, United States special
agent to allot lands for the Hoopa Indians,
in Hoopa Valley, is at the Lick.
Mr. Turpin is from Alabama and is the
brother of Congressman Turpin, who had
the physical battle witu Congressman
Wail of Indiana, not long ago, in regard
to alleged pension frauds. The battle
took place on the iloor of the House, after
a contest of tongues.
Agent Turpin is here after having com
pleted the heavy part of his work. Prior
to allotting the lands for the Hoopa
Indians he spent some months allotting
lands to the Klamaths.
"There are about 500 of these Hoopa
CHARLES W. TURPi.S, UNITED STATES SPECIAL AGENT OF THE HOOPA
INDIANS.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
Indians," said Agent Turpin, "and I have
allotted to them all the lands that have
been surveyed, consisting of about 5500
acres."
In regard to the remaining lands nnd this
allotment it depends on how soon the Govern
ment will get at it. I have recommended
sixty-eight more sections.
I have been up on the Hoopa reservation for
about a year. The Indians are in fine condi
tion. A fine school building has been com
pleted ana is beir:g conducted with 115 pupils.
The school is in a very flourishing condition.
In addition to the ordinary branches the car
penter's trade is being taught to some of the
boys.
fne agent in charge is Captain W. E. Dough
erty. He has been there seven or eight years
and has advanced the Indians fully twenty
years by his intelligent work.
Last year I allotted lands to 400 Klamath In
dians who reside on what is known as the
Hoopa Valley extension. I am now en route
to Washington, D. C, where I have been called
by telegraph.
As my work in connection with the Hoopa
Indians is not yet finished, I will have to spend
some time in scheduling the lands after I reach
Washington.
Mr. Turpin's home is near Salem, Ala
bama, and he will stop there for a week or
two while on his way. His brother, the
Congressman, was elected from the fourth
district, which is the most important in
that State, taking in Birmingham and
other large places."
Agent Turbin is glad to exchange his
residence in the timbered mountains for
the pleasures of a civilized existence. He
will start East to-day.
Interesting to Alaska-Bound Vessels.
Some time ago the Pacific Hteam Whaling
Company applied to the Treasury Department
for permi'sion for its steamer, the Jeannie, to
call at Nanaimo, B. C, on her way up to
Alaska. A circular letter was received at the
Custom-house yesterday from Acting Secre
tary Wike informing the customs authorities
that special permits as to calling at Alaskan
ports would not allow vessels to touch at
a foreign port. It is expected that in a day or
two the Pacific Steam Whaling Company will
receive a reply in accordance with this circu
lar letter.
Fire In a Dwelling.
Fire damaged about .S3OO worth of furniture
yesterday afternoon in the two-story frame
residence of John Kelsoe at 2212 Howard
street. The cause was the explosion of a kero
sene lamp. The alarm was turned in box 149
at 4 p.m.
GAME-DEALERS DEFIANT
They Will Continue to Sell Quail
and Ducks Until Ar
rested.
SAY PARTIALITY IS SHOWN.
The Law to Be Thoroughly Tested
During the Last Month of the
Open Season.
The game law passed by the last Legis
lature making it lawful to shoot quail,
ducks ana other wild game from October
15 until February 15, but prohibiting its
sale, except from the middle of November
until the 15th of January, continues to
irritate the poultry-sellers and those who
earn their livelihood by shooting game for
the markets.
It is the intention of every poultryman,
wholesaler or retailer, in this City to keep
on selling quail and ducks until arrested.
Each one seems to believe that arrest will
surely follow, but consoles himselt with
the thought that no jury can be got to
gether who will agree upon a conviction.
Since iast October a dozen cases of this
kind are still pending in the Police Court.
All the commission merchants in town
that deal in game have banded together
for mutual protection into an organization
known as the "Game-sellers' Protective As
sociation," officered as foiJows: Tim
O'Brien president, D. E. Allison secretary
and R. K. Malcolm treasurer.
This association has engaged for its at
torney Thomas J. Riordan. Mr. Riordan
said yesterday: "This law is infamous.
It is calculated only for the favored few.
The poor man who gains his living by
supplying the market with game muts
stand by and watch the swell sports slaugh
ter it by the hundreds. You may rest
assured thst the law will be repealed "at the
next meeting of the Legislature.
"It was passed surreptitiously, and the
camc-dealers knew nothing whatever about
it until it appeared in the statute-boo*. A
law should apply to ail. God Almighty
did not create the quail and ducks for the
rich man alone to shoot. He made them
for the poor also.
"A man wno cannot afford to pay two or
three dollars to go out iv the country and
shoot must go without if ha has no rich
friends with whom he may share his
spoils.
"I have advised every dealer whom I
represent to continue to sell, and when
they are arrested I shall demand a jury
triai for each one. In this way we will
keep the thing rolling until theiaw is re
pealed.
"I cannot say as yet whether we will
appeal to the Supreme Court or not."
"The law is water-tight," said D. E. Al
lison, "and it will be a hard thing to
break. It was drawn up by bright men.
But it is an unjust law; one of the most
unjust, that has over been framed. If it is
carried to the Supreme Court I believe the
case wiil be decided against us."
C. Canipodonlco, who was arrested last
October for breaking tbis law, has learned
nothing from the lesson. "I shall go
ri^ht on selliner," said he, "and I expect
to be arrested. But I expect to have the
case dismissed because I do not believe
any twelve honest men in this country
would vote to convict.
"It means a good deal to some retailers,
who depend on game for these four
months while the scarcity of fruit lasts to
earn their hvine:. But we are all willing
to observe a just law, and would agree to
an open season of only two months, pro
-vided that in the others we weje allowed
the privilege of killing."
Mr. O'Brien considered the law emi
nently unfair. "I know of no other State
in the Union," said he, "that has a law
precisely similar. Ido not believe it will
last, however, longer than until the next
j meeting of the Legislature. As to whether
I I shall sell or not in defiance of the law I
do not know, but I shall be guided entirely
by the advice of our attorney, Mr. Rior
dan."
THE NEW BOND ISSUE.
Circular Inviting Proposals Received
From Secretary Carlisle by Assist
ant Treasurer Berry.
Campbell P. Berry, Assistant Treasurer
of the United States in this City, received
copies of the circular yesterday from Sec
retary John G. Carlisle inviting proposals
for 4-per cent bonds.
As has already been stated in the tele
graphic dispatches the amount of the
issue is $100,000,000, thn bonds to be coupon
or registered, and in denominations of $50
and multiples to suit bidders. They are
to be dated on February 1, 1895, redeem
able in thirty years, the interest to be pay
able quarterly, but all coupons maturing
on February 1, 1896. will be detached, and
all accrued interest must be allowed for by
the purchasers. The important points of
the circular are as follows:
Payments for the bonds must be made at
the treasury of the United States at Washing
ton, D. C, or at the United States sub-treasu
ries at New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Balti
more, Cincinnati, Chicago, St. Louis and New
Orleans, and they may be made at San Fran
cisco with exenunge on New York, and all bids
must state what denominations of bonds are
desired, and whether coupon or registered, and
at what place they will be paid for.
Payments may be made by installments as
follows: Twenty per cent (20 per cent) and
accrued interest upon receipt of notice of ac
ceptance of, bids, and twenty per cent (20 per
cent) and accrued interest at the end of each
ten days thereafter; but all accepted bidders
may pay the whole amount at the date of the
first Installment, and those who have paid all
installments previously maturing may pay the
whole amount of their bids at any time, not
later than the maturity of the last installment.
The bonds will be ready for delivery on or
before the fifteenth day of February, l&yb.
Notice is further hereby given that if the
issue and sale of an additional or different
form of bond for the maintenance of the gold
reserve shall be authorized Dy law before the
fifth day of February, 1896, sealed proposals
for the purchase of such bonds will also be re
ceived at the same time and place, and up to
the same date, and upon the same terms and
conditions herein i-et forth, and such bids will
be considered as well as the bids for the 4 per
cent bonds herein mentioned.
With reference to the paragraph as to
the place of making payments Mr. Berry
explained yesterday that all that would be
required of San Francisco bidders would
be to meet the cost of exchange between
here and the East. The money could be
deposited at the Sub-Treasury here, but
allowance would have to be made for ex
change. _^_^^________
HANGING IS DISCUSSED.
Several Presbyterian Preachers
Favored Capital Pun
ishment.
Congregational Ministers All Attended
the Bay Association-
Meeting.
Rev. Francis King gave an address on
capital punishment before the Presby
terian Ministerial Association yesterday
morning, which had the result of eliciting
that the clergymen present held widely
different views on the subject.
The speaker, while not arbitrarily de
claring for the abolition of capital punish
ment, adduced considerable evidence in
favor of its abolition. He pave a review
of history showing the vast categoiy of
crimes committed as penalties for fancied
or real transgressions, all in the name of
justice, and he added that it would be in
teresting to trace also the gradual growth
of public conscience as it passed out of the
period which gave license to all manner of
crime in the name of justice, and he in
timated that in time the public conscience
would Jearn to look upon the judicial
taking of life as a crime.
In the discussion Rev. Dr. Farrand ad
vocated capital punishment. "We ought
to have niore ot it," he said. Rev. J.
Woodward stated that he had attended
two or three hangings, which had given
hiru a serse of relief'when the drop went
down. ''We feel the purifying effect to
day of the hanging of Casey and Cora Ly
ttie Vigilance Committee in 1856," be said.
Rev. Dr. Minton believed in capital pun
istiment. So did Rev. Dr. Bevier. Dr.
Scott thought that capital punishment
had nothing to do with the increase or de
crease of crime. In his opinion capital
punishment was responsible ' for 9'J per
cent of the crimes committed.
Methodist Preachers.
Professor R. R. Lloyd of the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary addressed the Methodise
ministers yesterday morning on a text in
the ninth chapter of Romans: "Vessels of
wrath fitted for destruction.''' The pro
fessor made a scholarly address to prove
that the words were simply a picture of
God's wonderful patience and not a pic
ture of anger or wrath. No objection was
made to this view of the case, and Dr.
Brings even remarked cheerfuJlv that
with such, exchange of views it nnsrHt be
easy to have a union theological seminary
on the coast.
Bay Association.
An all-day session of the Bay Associa
tion was heid yesterday in Plymouth Con
gregational Church. Rev. W. H. Tubbs,
the scribe, called the meeting to order.
Rev. Mahlon Willett of East Oakland was
chosen moderater. Sermon plans were
submitted by Rev. P. Coombes, Rev. F.
Lucas, Rev. W. H. Tubbs, Rev. S. Weyler"
Rev. F. B. Perkins, Rev. E. R. Galloway'
Rev. Dr. G, Mooar and Rev. W. D. Wil
liams.
Rev. F. B. Perkins read an essay on
"Foreign Missions," which was discussed
by most of the ministers present, and Rev.
W. H. Tubbs n ad a paper on 'The Fellow
ship of the Churches."
More Parsons' Contests.
MaryF. Whiden, Talcott Parsons and Ever
ett C. Parsons have further complicated the
litigation surrounding the Parsons will by
filing contests to the probate of that docu
ment. Tney claim they are the only legal
heirs, and that the Parsons will offered Tor
probate was never executed by Jennie Parsons.
The Parsons will was the one found in a bot
tle, and which purported to have been written
and so consigned to the sea while the ship
which bore Jennie Parsons was sinking.
NEW TO-DAT.
JL OIL HEATER
-<^fe^^^ Is a Stove yon can
*^^^^S llcpell<l npon ' no
o.'lor. no sii))ke ;
If^^^Si handsome and
pH^^l practical. We sell
p^^fel it for $6. It costs
you no more than
the flimsy "just-
as • /rood' 'kind.
I^^^^^^m operation of send
y!^P***f Shipped to any
'*ei:SS|^ address on re*
©/ : \© ceipt of price.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's.
WANQENHEIM, STERNHEIH & CO.,
528 : and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Slitter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY
CATARRH
local" dis ease!
" and is the resuit o: col P* *olZi* c£?<.CO!.Bt
and sudden climatic f3r^*' : 'j?tf lir "* J
changes. trJUYTPVt^ fPiS '"Oj
It can be cured by a pleasant |sr*™ tv *R M^ £•' A
remedy wlich is applied di- r»S . i/^Nr./*!
rectiy iato tha nostrils. Be- BW * *&f£sl
in? quietly absorbed it gives tStes- 1^ J&£-
rellel ac once. I^C^-^CfSSI
ELY'S .CRElffl BALI K^^^
nmedln. It open., and cleanses tno nasal paVsigei
allays pain and inflammation, heals the sores pr^
tects t-ie membrane Drona colds, res-oros theac^sei
oftaate and smell. Price 50c. at Legists « b '
EIW BBQT^EBS, 56 w«rren atreet, Kew YorJt.H.W.BOWMAN ON
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
The A. P. A. Editor Dis
cusses a Question of
Morality.
ROME AND EDUCATION.
Rev. Father Yorke Champions
Mexico as Against
Massachusetts.
HAWAII AND THE PREACHERS.
The Priest Says They Looted the
Islands and Destroyed the
Government.
The following letter by H.W. Bowman is
the latest contribution to the big contro
versy in progress in The Call:
Offux American Patriot.. :
.... 819 Market street, |
Ldtfor San Fravciseo Ctott— Osab Sib: The
chief charge urged by Rome against our pub
lic school system is its immorality. TheEoman '
priests wax ■ pent in their dissertations
upou the necessity of teaching tho children
morality. Upon the alleged ground of Its im- '
morality they would destroy our public school
system at once and establish their parochial
system in its place. mmon-sense Americans
are raising the inquiry: What about the com- I
petency of the icher? wiia: has she been as
a teacher of morals? ]f our schools were
Romanized would there a higher standard I
i of morality as a result?
These are all-important questions and require ■
the right kind of an answer. We assort that I
Koinanisin is itself a system of immorality,
hence not a competent teacher oi morals.
Komanism is a fountain of sin.
To Romanize Is to demoralize. Pure prin
ciples and papal policy do not coalesce with I
Romanists. Lying is a fine art and hypocrisy
a profession. Their public nmsk Is a deceit I
and their private one dissimulation, In their i
t-ystem piety is a stranger and righteousness a
Mreigner. Honor went on a long vacation I
a:id practice fell asleep when Romanism be- j
came supreme. To kill heretics has been
"murder without sin;'.' to lie., swear, cheat
and steal minor offeuse3 easily pardoned; to
<It>nbt the priest or to refuse to" believe iv the ;
Pope a heinous sin worthy of death. Roman
ism-s the foster-mother ol crime. She holds :
iii her embrace the prigs and thugs, the thieves
and harlvts, the rum--oaks and the whisky
bloats, and pardons and blesses them for gaiii, '
while she hurls her curs.es at the pure and j
holy len and women who chance to" be outside •
her fold. Papists arc taught to be ns dishon
est as the devil in their dealings with Protes- ;
•ants, a <outh Americin missionary declares
'.hat "Rome destroys the moral sense"; that
"lying, sue.'.- and aling" are "not looked
upon as immoral practices" by the Romanists
there.
The sins of the people are p. source of revenue
to the priests. It is ror their financial benefit
that the people should sin. Popery systemati
cally violates all the moral cor.ima"nd'ments of I
God's word. Iv ell purely Popish countries
life is cheap, am! murder Is not deemed a
nous off ens-e. All papal countries are dis
tinguished for a reckless disregard of human
life and love of blood. Italy is the land of the
Btiletto, as well as of the Pope, and the Romi-h <
districts of Ireland nre v notorious for their '
brutal murders as for their Dlind attachment j
to the church of Rome. Rome trains her de
votees in vice and encourages them in the i
practice of sin.
Dndei Rome's system of purification gold can ■
atone for sin, silver purchase salvation and
wealth nnswer for worth. Not only can the
simier 'hu<«btaln pardon /or past but a license
for future sins. "Since the days when Tetzel
turned Europe into an indulgence-shop the
privilege of committing the blackest crimes
nas been ight at Rome's spiritual bazaar."
Itemized iniquity has been put up at public I
suction and the luxury of indulgence hold to
the highest bidder. Paying beats praying, and
charity makes up for lack of chastity.
The priest often commends what tociety pro
hibits. For the glory oi thechnrchhe -firects
t-ome minion to a deed of blood. Conscience
remonstrates, reason condemns, tho heart
rebels and the dark gallows looms up in view to
frown upon the base design. But while he
hesitates amid the remonstrating sentiments 1
■ E his nature the priest wMspcrs that h«s hf.s <
been commissioned of Qod to pardon tho
•Urkest crimes that ever human judge con
demned and send to glory the vilest criminal
'.hat ever justice sent to the gallows. And, :
furthermore, that God will rt-wfir.i him for the I
-ry crime that society would punish most 1
severely.
N T o wonder that under surh a rule of morality
Pspish lands are red with crime and foul with
ition. Why, under Rome's fostering shade
dee ds have been done from which evert corrupt
human nature recoils, and the premium placed
ur-oa vice by the church has been the motive
to induce men to commit crimes that money
could not hire them to perform. The civil
power has often been invoked to protect public
virtue from the ecclesiastical. Under the guise
of rxue Rome has committed her foulest
crimes. Rome's altars are the sanctuaries of
vice. The criminal escaping from the police
has fled to the priest for shelter, and priestly
forgiveneM prevented judicial redress. The
priest in t lie Confessional has covered up pins
that the Judge on the bench would have con
demned. And yet this immoral system is al
lowed exist under the mask of religion and
to commit its horrid deeds in the name of
virtue. What a foul outrage on morals! What
a disgrace to religion Rome has been?
A nation Romanized has its conscience
paralyzed. Her doctrina: opiates benumb it so
: t caunot act. The voice of conscience is stifled !
by the walls of ignorance by which it is en- ;
cased. Wnen the conscience is dumb crime
luxuriates in profuse variety, and the victim r
of Rome's wiles tide* the M'azepr-a of lust to i
perdition. The moral poison of it- false doc
trines in regard to confession, absolution and i
purgatory greatly promote the commission of !
sin. Not only by her unwarranted distinction \
of Ems ltito mortal and venial— between the i
commands of Uod and the church— aud by her '
various practices and devices intended to sub- i
vert the whole decalogue, but by efitablfshih"
a secret confessional, which is practically a !
training-school of vice: by the pernicious in- '
fluence of pretended absolution, which has the
effect of a periodical whitewashing amid
guilt unforgiven by God; by the system
of indulgences, in which for the payment of 1
money the victims of superstition receive a
sort of carte blanche to commit sin, and by the i
doctrine of purgatory-, which holds out" tho j
prospect of forgiveness after death, for the
payment of money— the Romish church com- i
pounds a poison that effectually pi ralyzes the '
conscience. Where the people are Romanized
■in is minimized and iniquity patronized.
Pure morals and Romish practices arc not ;
found in conjunction. Papal credence takes '
the precedence. Christian charity is a Romish i
rarity. Romanism is a crime-breeder. Rascal- I
i y has fed at the papal stall. Rum has ;
swelled the revenues of the church. Sin has |
been whitewashed and iniquity justified in
ber theology. Rome's heart is foul and her '
bands red with blood. Rome's morals are im- i
pure and her teachings bad.
Concerning the immorality of Romanism,
carefully tabulated statistics have proved the
following facts:
Fir.«t— the majority of saloon-keepers in I
thi6 country are Romanists. But selling liquor i
is an immoral business. Instead of excom- \
municating them Rome fosters and encourages :
the business. Just think of it! Curse and de
nounoe those who send their children to the
public schools, and then bless saloon-keepers!
Second— The majority of those arrested for
drunkenness are Ro—nlsrs They figure prin- j
cipally in saloon rows. But drunkenness is
immoral; therefore the Romanists who are I
drunkards are immoral.
Third— The jails of the land are filled with i
Romanists. They furnish the largest percentage
of the criminal classes. But none but immoral
men, as a rule, go to jail; hence, Rome's jail
birds are immoral. ■ .
Fourth— The majority of those who are
hanged for murder are Papists. Surely, mur
der is not a moral act. You will almost inev
itably find a priest at the gallows when a man
is to be banged. Now, here are a few ques- i
tions for thinker*: Will not like causes pro
luce like results? If the teachings of Rome '
fe re so prolific of vi< when received through i
the medium of the church, will they be any
lac less so when taught in the parochial <
tehool? If tbo teachings of the priests in the 1
« hurch do not prevent gross immoralities on i
•he part of the people, will they have any <
- ore moral potency when distilled in a school- l
hooaet i
Rome is building her schools on the ground <
t'atoure are immoral and that she wants to j i
teach the children how to lead virtuous lives. 1
very commendable, lf true; but facts teach the 1
contrary. When all history testifies to the im
morality of the whole system it is blind folly
to imagine that the same doctrines taught in
a parochial school would have different effect
upon their ; lives. The truth is, the parochial
school a training school of vice, It teaches
what has proved to be the seed of sin. It in
culcates principles that wreck morals. It in
htructs the young in a system of falsehood that
fciSL'SiSSSSJ,!?. ia her foldand *
jgKESJysSffli and yet the priesthood
f?n,£r "J , Cnny robs the P«>Pl«- " takes money
under false pretenses. It enriches itself upo/i
i»«V\ i Uhty « J the Peoplfe. Romanization
Iff Tn t0 demoralization. The deadly upas tree
oi Komanism bears no good fruit.
• That Romanism is a crime-breeder, and hence
nl raorflh , zi institution, is proved by the
following statistics. The table herewith given
is based upon Government returns, and there- !
fore reliable It shows tbe proportion of ille-
Kittmate births in the cities named:
In Papal Paris 33perc«nt
In Papal Brussels " Mperctn
njWl Munich ""////.i::'.'.":}* g££em
In Papal Vlen ft Bl{)crcent
ID Protestant London 4 percent
in Mexico and South America the propor
tion of murders per million inhabitants la as
follows :
Potestant Kngland 4
Papal Ireland... . ..... .4., 19
Papal Belgium V. '...'... 18
Papal France 81
Papal Austra S6
Papal Bavaria ttl
Papal Tuscany 66
Papal Sicily 98
Papal States : 113
Papal Naples 174
For the cost of repressing crime in Ireland
in 1881 the Government spent .^7,754,780,
while that In an equal proportion in England
and Wales was ouly .f4,086,855. The report
stated: "It appears from this that the sum ex
pended in repressing crime in England and
Wales is proportionately less than the corre
sponding expenditure in Ireland by £733.585
(^3,667,925) in amount."
The i riminal statistics of Great Britain prove
that Irish Roman Catholics furnish the great
est percentage of criminals in the land. In
Ireland it require! a larger police force in the
Papnl south than in the Protestant north, as
the following table proves. In the following
(Protestant) counties the proportion of the po
lice to the population is the smallest:
Population.
Antrim 12 in every 10.000..: 06,308
Down 12 " ...224,008
Londonderry 19 " ..118,809
Armagh ...14 " ..148,289
Tyrone 14 ' ,"' ..171,409
Iv the following (Roman Catholic) counties
the proportion of police is the largest: '
", -■;'■" Population.
Clare 37 in every 10.000..124.483
Limerick 40 ■ -..121,757
Meath 40 " 7b'9«7
Tipr.erary, So. Riding. 42 . V," '. .. 9G.UHB
Westtt»atß 44 • •• .. 65,109
In Scotland one Romanist in every 27 is a
criminal, whilo of the remainder only one in
every 132 belongs to this category. In the Do
minion of Canada Romanists are less than
half tne population, or 44 percent, yet furnish
more than half the criminals, or 52 per cent
In Australia they supply more than twice their
number of criminals, according to the ratio of
the population.
The Times. (Liverpool, England), November
26, IS7B. gives the following facts taken from
the report of the Chief Constable of Liverpool:
The number of prisoners who passed through
the iHil at Walton was li,'Jßs, and the most ap
palling circumstance In connection with these fig
ures is that there was an absolute preponderance
ot females— a state of things without parallel In thp
rest of the world. Divided Into sexes and ages the
prisoners were: 6637 male adults. 424 male juve
niles: 6276 female utiults and 48 female juveniles.
Both the Protesla&t and the Itonian Catholic
chaplains lament the prevalence of female vice
and the apparent dilliculty of modifying it. But it
Is among the Koman Catholics that the most ex
traoroinary records are obtained. An absolute
majority of the prisoners, male and female, belong
to that communion. Of tne 12,285 prisoners dur
ing the year 84&8 were Koman Catholics (3i-82
men and 4571 women).
Father Nugent, the Roman Catholic chap
lain, in his report for 1877, states:
I'rtnk and prostitution fill the female side of the
orison. Of the 4571 women, 1310 were committed
for drunken and riotous conduct and 1589 for dis
orderly behavior r.pon the streets. Not a week
passes without some one heine brought to the
prison whom drink has maddened and robbed of
all iema'.e decency, whose language and actions
are so horrible that they seem no longer rational
beings, but fiends.
•This statement has been since fully con
firmed by Father Nugent. In his address at
Darlington on the 16th of October, 1886', re
ported in the Catholic Times October 22, 1856,
he stated that "his daily duty during the past
twenty - two years had been within her
Majesty's prison at Liverpool, and it had af
forded him daily opportunities of studying
mankind. Last veer there were 21,824 prison
tTH committed to that prison. Of these 13.676
fell to his charge as Roman Catholic chap
lain."
Again, in his address at the League Hall,
Liverpool, on Thursday, November 11; 18S0,
reported in the Catholic Times November 12,
1830, Father Nugent, alludint; to the immoral
ity prevailing in Liverpool, said: "Nine out of
ten of the giris to be seen at night along Lon
don road or Lime street were Catholics— there
was no use hiding it. Tho Sisters of Notre
Dame hed 15,000 girls under their charge.
What became of them after they left school?
They went into places where they got work,
and instead of going home at night went ouf
with' their companions."
Again, in his address at Liverpool, reported
in the Romish paper, the Catholic Times, May
25, 1894, the same Father Nugent, now 'the
Right Hey. Monsignor Nugent, stated: "For a
period of thirty years he had come into closer
contact with iliose poor creatures, on account
of his official connection with the prison, than
possibly any other clergyman. Speaking gen
erally, there were about 5000 (Roman) Catholic
women sent to tho prison every year. Of that
number at least 65 per cent, if not 70 per cent;
were poor girls on the streets, In 1891, when
the Liverpool police began to prosecute the
keepers of immoral houses, no less than 813
pe:Bons were proceeded against for that offense.
It was estimated at one time that 1000 of these
poor girls were displaced."
Henry Cabot Lodge. Senator from Massachu
setts, in discussing tbe question of immigra
tion in the North American Review, presents
the following startling figures in reference to
crime, as shown in the census of 1890. His
summaries of white population are as follows:
Native parentage. ..34, 358, 348. ' In percent 62
foreign parentage.. 11, 503, In per cent 'i\
Foreign born 9,121,867. '." Inpcrcentl7
Criminals— "Of the convicts in penitentia
ries 48 per cent are of native parentage, 52 per
cent are of foreign birth or parentage; or, in
other words, while persons of foreign birth or
parentage furnish a little more than one-third
of the total white population of the country
they furii'sh more than half the criminals."
As the majority of the foreigners are Roman
ists; and the hoodlum Irish, of foreign parent
age, furnish a large per cent of native crimi
nals, it follows that tho majority of the
law-breakers in our land are Romanists. Aud
this ii the system that denounces our schools
as immoral: 0 temporal O mores!
H. \v. Bowman.
»
FATHER YORKE TO DR. GOODWIN.
The Prießt Champions Mexico and Hawaii as
Against the Minister.
The Rev. Father Yorke * replies to the
Rev. Mr. Goodwin in the following letter:
SaN Francisco, Jan. 13, 1896.
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: I regret
very much that tho late developments in mis
controversy have preYcnted me from paying
my respects to the Rev. Mr. Goodwin according
to promise. lam afraid if any ruore defenders
oi intolerance spring into the arena I shall be
compelled to parcel out the days of the week
among them and devote Monday to one, Tues
day to another aud so on. I must confess that
I find it dirficult at times to keeD the threads
ol the arguments distinct, and I realize that
the general public must now and again won
der with the inquiring politician, "Where are
we at?"
Tho occasion of the present letter is a speech
made by one W. P.. Goodwin at the Metropoli
tan Temple on Sunday, January 5. In that
speech W. R. Goodwin said
Look at the Mexico of to-day. ■ Every one knows
that Mexico was settled with tho best blood of
Hpain. 1 et. compare it to-day with New England,
which waa settled by poor Protestants, and where
they ra'ae ice, stones and men. Anybody can see
the difference between New Kngland and Mexico.
It is because of the character of the respective re
ligions followed.
In a postscript to my letter, dated January 6,
I took exception to the above statement and
asked:
Does \V. R. Goodwin know what Is the percent
age of pure white blood, pure, Indian blood
and mlxea blood iv the Mexican population of to
day? •
.Mr. Goodwin replied in a letter wherein ig
norance struggled for mastery with insult, and
reiterated his proposition that Mexico is de
based because it is Romanist and Massa
chusetts is advanced because it is Protestant
This is the question to which I address my
self In this letter.
LOOK AT MEXICO.
The anti-Catholio preachers arid writers are
continually telling us to "look at Mexico."
They draw a lurid description of the . con
dition ' of - things in that country, and
paint in the Pope, the inquisition a::l
bull-fights with the brightest .. vermilion.
It is very extraordinary, however, that
they take precious good care never to give
jvidence concerning the country which can
se supported by reliable authority. They in
sist* that we shall "look at Mexico" through
jolored spectacles, and very strange and very
,vonderful we must confess are the things we
cc through that distorting medium. : llow
•ver, I will try in this letter to "look at Mex
co" without using the preachers' spectacles,
will show it to the public in the clear, white
ight of truth, and then the public can judge
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
of the comfort W. R. Goodwin can draw from
his "look at Mexico." i
THE COLONIZATION" OF MEXICO.
In these letters I have had occasion more
thun once to speak of comparisons. I have said
that a comparison to be fair, should be equal.
The countries et in contrast should have the
same, or nearly the same natural advantages
of soil, climate, race and the like. The preach
ers, however, fight shy of fair comparisons
just as they fight shy of everything that is jnst.
Nothing delights them so much as to, compare
poor little Kcuauor with these United States
and to set plundered Ireland side by side with
her plunderer, England. Hence it is that tho
Rev. Mr. Goodwin thought ho was perfectly
safe in taking "degraded" Mexico and pointing
her out us an "awful example" to godly
Massachusetts. . »
In order to put on record his complete and
sublime ignorance of history, Mr. Goodwin fa
vors us with the following sentence:
Possibly Mexico was not settled by tho best
blood of Spain. Sho was colonized a hundred year*
before -Massachusetts and by Spaniards of such
stock as Cervantes, Cortex, Plzarro, Columbus,
Cordova, Ximencs and Isabella. If thai Was not
good blood, what was it?
It passelh my comprehension why Mr. Good
win left out Don Quixote, Sancho Panza aud
the Cid. Cervantes, Isabella and Ximenes
never saw America, and the Goodwinese style
of argument would prove that Massachusetts
was colonized by Englishmen of such stock at>
John Dryden, Charles I and Archbishop Laud.
Mexico was colonized not with the best blood
of Spain, but with what I may venture to call
the average blood of Spain. There is nothing
to show that the mass of the Spanish colonists
differed in social degree from the mass of the
English colonists or the mass of the French
colonists. As far as blood goes Massachusetts
and Mexico started equal.
GODLY MASSACHUSETTS.
A very remarkable difference, however, %vas
developod from the start. The Massachusetts
people were Protestants of the straightest sect,
the Spaniards were Catholics. The Pilgrims
were received by a peaceable, pure and simple
tribe of Indians who dwelt round what is vow
called Plymouth. In return for this hospi
tality the newcomers stole the land, cut down
the forest, and proclaimed it as a principle
that Indians and wolves could be shot ou sight.
In Bancroft, vol. 111, p. 336, Mr. Goodwin will
find how the government of Massachusetts of
fered for each Indian scalp, first a bounty of
£15 and afterward of £100 ol Knglish money.
He will remember how organized bands of
marauders led by preachers descended on the
Indian villages and exterminated the inhab
itants by the thousands. Let me quote from a
letter written by the Hon. Jeremiah S. Black
to Hon. James A. Gariieldand published in the
Congressional Record; Forty-seventh Congress,
special session of Senate, vol. XII, No. 37, May
3. 1881, p. 9. Speaking of the men of Massa
ehusettsMr. Black writes:
. Without cause or provocation, ftnd without
notice or warning, they tell upon the Pen.uode,
ma&sacrea many of tnem und mmle slaves of the
Burvivors, without distinction Of age or sex. About.
700, including many women and children, were
sent to the West. 1 miles and there sold on public
account, the proceeds being put in the colonlul
treasury. ■ Eight score of these unfortunate people
escaped from the outchery by flight and afterward
cave themselves up on the solemn promise of the
authorities that they should ncitber be put to
death nor enslaved. The promise was broken with
as little remorse as a modern abolitionist would
violate his oath to support the constitution. The
"precious results of the war' 1 were not to be iost by
an honest observance of their pledged faith, and
the victims of this infamous treachery were all of
them shipped to the Bnrbadoes and sold
| or "swapped for blackamoors." This practice
of enslaving tneir captives wns uniform, covered
all cases, including women and children, as well
as fiehtine men. When death put Kins: Philip
beyond their reach they sent his wife and cliild
with the rest to be sold Into slavery. The Indians
made bad slaves. They were hard to tame. They
escaped into the forest and hnd to be hunted dowii,
brought back and branded. They never ceased to
be sullen and disobedient. The Africans alwuys,
on the contrary, "accepted the siluatiou,"' were
easily domesticated and bore the yoke Without
murmuring. For that reason it became a settled
rule of puhli^ and private economy in Massachu
setts to exchange worthless Indians for valuable
negroes, cheating their \V\st India customers in
every trade. * * *
"In 1643 Emanuel Downing, the foremost law
yer in the colony and a leader of COmmanaing in
fluence, as well as high connections, mad« a writ
ten argument, In favor of a war with the Narragan
setts. 'I doubt,' says he, 'if it be not syniM In us,
having power In our hands, to suffer them to inayn
tayne the worship of the devil, which their pow
wo'.vs oftendoe. * * • if upon a just war tha
Lord should deliver them into our hand, we mi:jht
easily have men, women and children to exchange
for Moon (negroes), which will be more gayneful
piiladge for urn than wee conceive, for I do not. see
how we can thrive until we get into a stock Of
slaves sufficient to do all our business."
The result of such a policy it is easy to fore
see. According to the census of 1890 there are
exactly 423 Indians leltin the Commonwealth
of Massachusett, where hnndreds af thousands
lived in peace before the Pilgrims came.
THE CHUECH AXD THE INDIANS.
When the Spaniards lirst came in contact
with the Indians they proceeded to treat them
exactly as the Pilgrim fathers did afterward. 1
Every otreJtapws thesad-story of Hispaniola, !
but not every oncknows that the destruction of
the mild and inoffensive inhabitants of that
island proved the salvation of the race through
out all Spanish America. Greed and injustice
are the same in Catholics as in Protestants and
work the same evils through Spaniards as
through Englishmen. But there was this
difference: In Massachusetts there was
no power -to curb rapaciiv, in Spain
there was. In Massachusetts the Protestant
church gave her official sanction to the ex
termination of the Indians; in Spanish
America the Catholic church stood between
the invaders and their victims. Seven years
after the establishment of Indian slavery in
; Hispaniola the horror» of it roused the church
to actio'ti. A Dominican monk, Antonio Monte
-1 hino, claims the honor of being the first advo
cate of personal liberty on this side of tho
Atlantic. He was followed by Las Casas, the
n'rst priest ordained in America, who devoted
a long and laborious life to the protection of
the Indian. Then, as often since, political and
commercial interests were ranged on the Bide
of wrong, but Las Casas was not daunted, He
carried the story of Indian woe to the father of
Christendom, and in a magnificent bull, dated
1537,P0pe Paunil proclaimed the doctrine that
the Indians were freemen and entitled to all
the rights of freemen. "We deline and de
clare," runs the conclusion of the bull, "that
tho Indians and other races that may hereafter
be discovered by Curistiants, even though they
still remain' pagans, can freely and lawfully
possess, use and enjoy their freedom and the
ownership of their property, and must not be
reduced to slavery."
Hence it was that though the Spaniards con
quered the country the inhabitants were
; spared. Zealous missionaries went and dwelt
among them and reclaimed them from pagan
> ism. These missionaries stood always for the
' Indians' rights. .The sacrament of marriage
[ sanctified the union of the Spanish soldier with
I his native wife and made it indissoluble. The
i tribes were taught there was a moral force in
the land to which the haughtiest conqueror was
compelled to bow. The cross was mightier
j than the Bword, and the fbadow of thfl cross
has saved the aborigines. Protestant civiliza
tion has reduced the number of Indians in
these United States to 250,000. Catholic civil
ization has brought the blessings of the faitn
to 16,000,000 who dwell in the homes of their
faihers, from the Rio Grande to Patagonia.
If Mr. Goodwin will carefully compare tho
godly and evangelical sentiments of Emman
uel Downing with the Popish doctrine as
enunciated by Paul 111 he will understand
how it is that the population of Massachusetts
is made up of 2,215,373 whites and only 428
Indians, while the population of Mexico com
prises 180,000 pure ludians, 4,730.000 half
breeds and 2,090,000 whites.
MEXICO AND MASSACHUSETTS.
This is a fact which the preachers are very
careful to keep out of sight when they bid us
"look at Mexico." I wonder what kind of
showing progressive Massachusetts would
make if her two millions of whites were sub
merged in a colored population of nine mil
lions? We have only to look to tbc degraded,
whisky-Bodden denizens of our reservations to <
find tne answer. If the Catholic Spaniards had,
like the Puritans, elevated their country by
exterminating the inhabitants, perhaps Massa
chusetts might have very t tie to boast of.
Bui the Catholic religion taught the Spaniard
that the soul of the Indian was as dear to God
as the soul of the white man, and the same old
ciiurch that took the painted Briton and. the
savage Goth 1600 year* ago, and century by
century tamed him and civilized him, 300
years ago took the Aztec and the Maya, and
year by year and day by day. is slowly but
surely elevating him io the nigh plane of a
true Christian civilization. In Mexico to-day,
the Indian is not a chronic pauper, herded upon
reservations, but he is under republican insti
tutions, a rnler in the house of his fathers.
A METHODIST BISHOP'S TESTIMONY.
The ignorance of Mexico is a favorite theme
with men like Dr. Goodwin, who are ac
quainted with no language except English,
and with that only imperfectly. Ido not pre
tend to say that the knowledge of reading and
writing is as extensively diffused in Mexico as
it is in Massachusetts, but the reason is not
tho inactivity of the church, but the nature of
the country and the character of the popula
tion. - . .
To prove this statement let me bring forward
the testimony of the most learned Bishop in
the Methodist Episcopal church, J. F. Hum.
Last July he wrote in the New York Inde
pendent, a Protestant paper, an article enti
tled "The Earlier Schools of New Spain." He
says: . ,', ', \ . ;• »rv
Very early after the conquest of Mexico by
Cortex there was a disposition to found schools of
various grades. Hpaln was at that time very dis
tinguished for its greut schools. The Moors -had
been conquered and the land was now in KpanUh
hands. But the wealth of learning Imparted by
the Moors, which had been concentrated in BalA
manca and other universities, did not leave with
the conquered races. Spain, too, wag not . over
looked by the Renaissance, which was putting new
life Into every nook and corner of Central and
Southern Europe. Naturally with the couquerors
to tne New v*orld there went also, the spirit of
education. As Bishop Berkeley attempted •'. to
plant schools in the British Colonies, so did Bish
ops of the Roman Catholic comoaibaloa do all in
. •••■>-■ . ...
their? power to found institutions of learning i n :
Mexico. In Mexico the millions whom the dis
coverers had reached were in as complete ignorance
as the occupauts of a different planet.
Here the church took the lead.. No school was
bnllt or even contemplated without its participa
tion and control. The opportunity to use schools
for the propagation of the faith was too tempting
to be resisted. Hence they were not only founded
under direct ecclesiastical auspices and controlled
by the clergy, but they were invariably used to In
doctrinate the native races in all the tenets of the
Roman Catholic faith.
Each of th' religious orders vied in an effort to
estnhlish schools of varioim grades aud adapted to
the classes which were" chiefly In view. The' first
school established in Mexico was the College of St.
John Lateraii, Us object being especially to reach
the Indians. The next school was the Imperial
College of .Santa Cruz, established In Mexico in
1537. Afterward came the larger College of Al
Saints, founded in 15tS&.
Let me remind Dr. Goodwin that Harvard
College was not founded until 1638, over a full
century after the College of St. John Lateran
had been founded in Mexico.
No order was so Intensely devoted to education
as the Jesuits. Other orders w re quite usac
gressive In their evangelistic zeal, and others In
the publishing interest: but in the New World as
in the Old tbe Jesuits far exceeded all others In the
establishment of schools and their wise distribu
tion of educational forces. Father Sanchez was
the provincial of the new country in 1576, and in
labors in season acrt out of season he endeav
ored to cover the whole country with a net
work of schools. New arrivals of Jesuits aided In
the work of education. Each school became the
center of a new propaganda.
Of all the schools founded by the Jesuits the
Collece of St. Ildclfonso was the first. It was
cs:ablished directly after their arrival in 1572.
But immediately afterward, in the same year, the
great National College or St. Peter and St. Paul'
was bugun. This, In th« later centuries, became
tho common center of the whole educational
system of the new country. In 1616 thg Jesuits
established a large institution of learning at Zaca
tpcas, and In 1659 one at Guadalajara. " They
also founded one at ban .Luia Potosl by special
gills, the inhabitants afterward giving tne impor
tant adjunct of a hermitage. A little after this
came the Jesuit college at Queretaro, and simllat
Institutions at Patzcnaro and Valladolid. At both
these institutions the zealous I'ather Francisco
Kan:eniz labored, his term o! service covering a
period of sixty years. .. >,
MEXICO'S EDUCATIONAL FACILITIES.
The present condition of education in Mexico
may be learned from the following extracts
from '-The Republic of Mexico in 187t>; the
Cnaracter. Habits, Costumes and Vocations of
its Inhabitants," written in Spanish by Antonio
Garcia Cubas, and translated into Entctish by
George K. Henderson. The author deals on
page 33 with public instruction. The figures
in brackets have been introduced from the
Statesman's Year Book, 1893:
Primary instruction in the schools of the repub
lic consists of the following branches: Reading,
writing, Spanish grammar, morality and good
manners, and moreover, in the cirls' schools,
needle-work and other useful labors. In some of
the states the study of geography, national history
and drawin; are also obligatory, while in tho
schools that are not supported by the Government
notions of algebra and geometry, elements of gen
eral and natural history, ornamental and liueul
drawing and the French languago are taught.
The number o! primary schools in the whole of !
tho eepublic reaches 8103, lnsM-ad of 6000 that
existed iv 1870. Of the number referred to, ac
cording to the work or Spuor Dial Covnrrubias,
BtM are supported by the State Governments, 5240
by the znunlclp&l authorities, 378 by private cor- |
poratloiis or Individuals, 117 by the Catholic [
clergy, besides 1681 private establishments that j
are not gratuitous, and 184 not classified.
Thesß schools are attended by.350,000 ncholars of
both sexes, fin 1888 there were lt',7iJß primary
schools, with 548.977 pupils.] ■•>-•
Secondary instruction, as well as professional
education, are under the charge of the State, with
subjection to the programmes established by law,
which prescribes the liberty of education and pro
fessions. In the republic of Mexico there an 105
establishments of secondary and professional in
struction, in the -following form: One special pre
puratorv school in the City oi Mexico, 19 civil col
leges of Jurisprudence, 'JO schools of medicine and
pharmacy, lv schools for engineers. 3 naval schools.
Si commercial schools, 3 academies of arts and
sciences, 2 agricultural schools, 2 academies ol tine
arts, 2 conservatories Of music and declamation, 1
military college, 24 seminaries supported by the
Catholic clergy, 1 school tor the blind, 1 school for
tlu dwif and dumb, 14 secondary schools for idrls;
total number of such iniuitutions, 105, with an at
tendance of 14,809 pupils, rln 18><9 the number
attending these higher schools was 21,000.]
The number of professors and employes In the
public instruction in 1376 was 8770. There are
•M public libraries [78 in IS9OJ. with 238,000
volumes, and private libraries witli from 1000 io
8000 volumes are innumerable. Ther nre
museums Ot antiquities, patmlntra and natural his
tory In many of the larger cities [19 in 1890 J.
There are 73 institutions dedicated to the cultiva
tlon of the arts and sciences, Of which 29 are
scientific, 3 meteorological obeervatories, 21 nter
ary, 20 arttstlcal and three ot a mixed character.
In the year 1874 there were 164 ioarnata and
magazines. of which 18 were scientific, 9 literary,
2 arUatioal. 26 re'.igioui and 118 political [in 1890
317 newspapers.]
CKIMK IN MF.XICO. £s,V.
The Rev. Mr. Goodwin, who does not scruple
to bear false witness against his neighbor,
ipeatu of vice in Mexico. Now I do not pre
tend to say that the Mexicans are angels, but
1 do say that In manners and morals they far
surpass Massachusetts. From " a "Sflrdy of
Mexico" (Apnleton cfc Co., 1890), by David A.
Wells I take the following:
Po« every crime against life or property in
Mexico a greater number of similar cases that
liavo taken place In the United States could be
cited. Moreover, horrible crimes have been com
mitted in tha United States, some of which have
not been even passed through the imagination of
th« wickedest man in Mexico, such as the robbery
of the remains of the philanthropic capitalist, A.
T. Stewart, in order io get a ransom for them.
Permit me to remind Mr. Goodwin that there
is a class of crimes for which Massachusetts is
noted and which is entirely unknown in
Mexico. If he wants deliuite information I
refer him to Dr. Fitch, the same who was
tongue-lashed by Miss Anna Shaw. The empty
ischoolhouses and the childless homes of Puri
tan New England tell the tale. God has given
the country over to the Irish and to the Kreneii-
Canadians because they remember the com
mandment, Thou shalt not kill. At this
very moment the Roman Catholics form the
majority of the population of Massachusetts.
If we are to ascribe its prosperity to religion
Catholics have as much claim to the merit as
the Protestants. Every duy it is growing
more Catholic and every day it is growing more
moral. •
These considerations, Mr. Editor, will servo
to show you how baseless are Mr. Goodwin's
strictures against Mexico. He evidently
knows nothing about the country, and know
ing nothing there is no curb on his imagina
tion. Your readers may learn from that
country what the Catholic church does with
heathen people when she comes in contact
with them. She preserves them, educates
them, civilizes them little by little, and under
her fostering care they increase and multiply.
Let me now draw your attention to what the
Christianity of Massachusetts did for a,
heathen people, who were far more amenable
to good influences than the savage Aztecs, and
let me tell for Mr. Goodwin's benetit the story of
HOW THE PREACHERS CONVERTED HAWAI.I
Over a century ago Hawaii wu visited by
Captain Cook, but not until 1319 was any
attempt made to Christianize the natives, lv
tne interval English, French and American
trcdera lound their way to the islands, and the
inliltration Of their Christianity, such as it
was, led to an official rejection of idolatry, so
that the first American preachers who arrived
in 1820 found no organized religion to oppose
their propaganda.
In their dealings with the gentle and docile
natives these sons of New England showed no
scruples about the union of church and state
Royal authority had effected the destruction
of the old heathen superstition of the islands
royal authority was invoked to establish
the new Bible superstition from beyond
the seas. The gloomy and foreboding Cal
vinism, which agrees with the leaden skies and
storm-swept shores of Xew England, was forced
upon grown-up children who lived in sun
shine and laughter and passed their careiess
days, flower-crowned beneath the palm trees
or floating on the long, lazy swell of the tepid
ocean which bathes their island home. The
native games, the native dances, the native
songs, were all forbidden, and five times on
the Sabbath were the unfortunate neophytes
herded in the churches to listen to the nasal
drawl of the missionary picturing the tor
tures of the good old-fashioned New England
hell.
But the boasted conversion was only gkin
deep. In 1832 che whim of a new ruler sus
pended the blue laws, and the "converted"
population "broke lose in debauchery and
every sort of vice. Moral anarchy prevailed
not only in Honolulu but throughout tiie
group, tichools were deserted, teachers them
selvea falling away; buildings for worship
were burned. The dark habits of heathenism
sprang up again like the heads of Mednta, a'nd
in one district a: least of Hawaii idolatrous
worship was once more performed. If we may
give full credence to accounts which come to
v* through the missionary party, the islands
must for a time have been a pandemonium."
These are the words of Manley Hopkins, Ha
waliun Consul-General, but the missionaries
had to confess the same in their official report
to the American boar.!:
Gri>at numbers forsook the schools; the congre
gutionsof the tsabbaih wore one-half-r-miiltitudcs
became? Christians iv form, cover expecting iiia'i
anything else could be required of them.
The preachers, however, did not give up
their attempt to dragoon the people into Cal
vinism. More teachers were importrd from
the States. Their numbers reached 14J in the
year 1835. The blue laws were re-enforced
Piteous appeals went out to ti s soft-hearted
old men of America for money. Glowing ac
counts we; given of doors opened, brands
snatched from the burning, and baptisms un
der the palm trees, and so generously was the
appeal responded to that in the year 1850
$2j0,000 had been expended In salaries alone
and the total expenses of the mission mounted
into the millions. And what was the result of
it all? Forty-four years ago whon the Ameri
can Board of Missions cut the country adrift
as thoroughly converted and perfectly able to
work out it? own salvation, Mr. Hines. an
American, a Protestant and a missionary, wrote
the following sad and prophetic confession:
Notwithstanding all that has been done for their
benefit the state ox the nutive Hawailans is stil
truly dpploral)!p. To call thpm a Christianized,
ClvulMd, happy and prosperous people wouUl be to
mislead the public mlml in relation to their true
ronultion. To an inquiry which I made or the
Kbv. Lowell smith, one of the missionaries in
Honolulu, concerning the prosperity of the natives,
I received this reply: "Ihe evident tendency of
things is downward." liownward it is rapidiy, in
point ot nambea aud if the ratio of decrease shall
continue the same for only a few years, it does noc
require the eye of a prophet to spe what will be the
result. The epitaph of the nation will be written,
and Anglu-Sa.TO s will 'convert the islands into
another West Indies.
Such was the result of the first thirty years
cf missionary work in the Hawaiian Islands.
The results of the last forty years will be re
lated when we coma to treat of the fortunes of
the missionaries and their descendants.
HOW THE PREACHERS PRACTICED TOLEKANCE.
As I stated above the New England mission
aries made it their chief object to obtain influ
ence and power with the native rulers. Bing
ham, who was one of the pioneer preachers,
became chief adviser of the crown, aud as early
as 1830 yon Kotzebue, a German traveler,
wrote of him:
lie meddles in all tho affairs of the Government,
pays particular attention to commercial concerns,
uiid seems to have quite forgotten his original situ
ation and the object oi his residence in these
islands, rinding the avocution of a ruler more to
his taste than that of a preacher.
One would imagine from the noisy declama
tions of the preachers of the present day that
such a man would use his power in the sacred
cause of religious and civil liberty, it over it
should happen that his barbarous disciples
would atfempt to transgress the limits. An
American, brought up in the atmosphere of
freedom, it would seem iucredibie that he
should be guilty of bigotry or persecution. Yet
history repeats itself in Hawaii as in New
England, and we find that the most cold
blooded and savage warfare ever waged by one
creed against another was instigated by Bing
ham and his fellow American preachers in
these islands of the Pacific.
In 1820 two Catholic priests landed In Ha
waii and began to evangelise the natives.
Their success was instantaneous and decisive,
and it seemed as it a stampede toward Kome
was inevitable. Such fin inglorious termina
tion of New England missionary enterprise
could not be endured, and the preachers de
termined to prevent it. Not only their
reputation but their salaries were at
stake, and whatever their reputation might
be vanjed at, their salaries, as we have seen,
were not to be despised. Accordingly Bing
liam put the machinery of the law in motion,
and the poor Catholics were subjected to a
persecution which reminds the reader of the
ilaya of Nero and Diocleiian. The two priests
were forcibly expelled from the country in
1830 and landed dv a whaler on the shores of
California, on a barren spot away from any
settlement. The native Catholics were
arrested for their faith, thrown into
prison And urged to apoatacy as
the price ot their liberty. Others were set
working in chains on the fort and several died
under tne hardsnips inflicted upon them.
Still, not one perversion wus effected. Finally
the rage of tne preachers passed all bounds.
Men and women were sentenced to act as scav
engers to the fort and jail and were obliged to
remove the tilth with their bare hands, while
the disciples of the missionaries stood by and
jibed and jeered at these noble confessors of
the faith. Still not one of them flinched. Some
were carried by force to the prayer meetings,
others were chained by neck and hands and
feet to the prison floor, six were sentenced to
penal servitude for life, and as a reiinement of
cruelty worthy of a Roman Praetor, the women
of the party were specially ordered to be put
10 work in company with the common prosti
tutes.
And all this was in the nineteenth century,
in a land ruled by New England preachers.
Not one knows how far they would have gone
on. The non-Catholic whites, the British
Consul, captains of English ship*, protested,
but protested in vain, 'ihe preachers were all
powerful, anil the papists should be stamped
out. But, though the avenger lingered, he
came at last. Tidings of the persecution began
to reach Europe, Cailiolic France was siirred to
its depths, and in 1839 the guns of the French
frigate Artemise compelled that religious
tolerance which the narrow minds and the
prejudiced principles ol these blatant Ameri
can bigots would not willingly give.
Such was the beautiful Christian tolerance
manifested by iheso messengers of the gospel
of liberty from the free air of New England.
They carried on their crusade against the poor
native C&tholics with the same weapons with
which they carry on the same crusade to-day
against American citizens on American soil.
Lying and calumny ani frenzied declamation
against men better than themselves are their
methods here as in the islands of the sea.
There they could imprison and chain and
starve and scourge; here, thank God, their
claws are clipped. But the spirit which ani
mates them is the same. Ignorance, bigotry,
intolerance, ambition and avarice are the un
worthy motives of their unworthy career.
Slander and indecency accompany them as a
pestfrcnee, and ruin, temporal and spiritual,
follows close upon their track.
' HOW THE TREACUEHS PLUNDERED HAWAII.
■If the.missionaries made a failure of evan
gelizing the .native population they certainly
did not make a failure of getting possession of
the natives' land. From the beginning the
sharp Yankee discovered ■ there was more
money in trade and politics than there was in
praying and preaching. As far Dack as 1830
the actions Of the missionaries had become a
scandal even to Protestant visitors. In 1845
Mr. Melville, an American, wrote in astonish
ment:
To read pathetic accounts of missionary hard
ships and elonina descriptions of conversions ami
baptisms taking place beneath the palm trees is
one thliig, and to go to the Sandwich Islands and
see the missionaries dwelling in picturesque and
Drettily furnished coral-rock villas while the mis
erable uailves are committing all sorts ol Immor
alities around them is quite another.
And further on he remarks
Not until I visited Honolulu was I aware of tbe
fact that the small remnant of tbe natives had
oeen civilized into draft horses and evangelized
into beasts of burden. Hut so it Is!
And then he proceeds to describe a mis
sionary's spouse, "who day after day for
months together took her regular airings in a
little go-cart drawn by two of the islanders." ;
One of the first objects of the missionaries,
as we have seen, was to gain possession of the
Government, if not in name at least in reality.
In 1839 Dr. Kichards, a preacher, abandoned
the ministry and became legal adviser to the
King. His lirst achievement was, by means of
an infamous land law, to obtain possession for
a company, in which he was stockholder, of
the greater part of the unoccupied land of the
country. •
In 1842 a treasury was organized,and Dr.
Judd relinquished the charge of tbe keys of
the kingdom of heaven to take care of the keys
ot" the corbona. For forty years no native wus
allowed on the ministry; the preachers mo
nopolized all the fat offices and all the big
salaries. On every *ide they got possession of
the best lauds and the islands were soon
dotted with th*ir comfortable bungalows.
Year after year their fortunes and I their farui
i lies grew larger. The King or the Queen was
; only a puppet in their hands. Though the
preachers of a religion of purity, their circle
was the most corrupt that the world has
known, and the Kings, who escaped death by
delirium tremens, met it not much later in the
effects of debauchery.
At last when there seemed no chance of
effective fealstance the missionary party re
solved to throw away the mask and wear the
insignia of power as well as enjo*y its exercise.
The Queen waa deposea on some pretest. The
natives were denounced as licentfous pagans
unfit to rule a God-fearing moral people - like ;
the whites of Honolulu, and these men, who
only a few years ago had come as strangers to
these hospitable islands, are now openly
hawking the property of their hosts to the
highest bidder.
HAWAII A3 IT IS.
And in this year of grace, 1896, what do we
behold? Over seventy years ago the Hawaiian*
received the preachers with open-hearted hos
pitality; to-day the preachers have set their
heels on the neck of a deceived and plundered
people. The missionaries, Who were supposed
to go out without scrip or staff or money in
their purse, have waxed fat on the substance
of the poor. The heathen to whom tney were
sent, robbed of health and home and happi
ness, are disappearing from the islands as
surely, as swiftly, as silently as the ebbing tide
recedes from their coral strand.
The gospel of the missionaries has been a
heritage of woe to Hawaii and the Hawaiians.
Praised as an intelligent Christian people as
long as the salaries of the preachers depended
on such praises, they were denounced as lewd
anu ignorant pagans when their virtues inter
fered with the preachers' sway. The long sad
annals of human sufferings record no such
story as this. In the West Indies the Spaniards
frankly exterminated the natives in the gold
mines; in America the Indian went down in
open fight before the paleface; but the Sand
wich Islands form the only example where a
gentle race was robbed in the name of religion
and exterminated by being converted to the
gospel of Christ.
Xo wonder is it that in these days the natives?
have turned from the venal servants of the
Christian God to Pele and to her Kahunas.
Strange and fantastic as her worship is, it is a
religion undeliled when compared with the
creed practiced by the so-called missionaries
of a pure gospel. Still not all of them have
gone back to idols. Side by side with the
bastard Christianity of Bingham, the true faith
was preached and made progress. Already a
third of the natives profess it; the remainder
have utterly abjured the Christian name. The
persecutions of the preachers strengthened the
infant church and the sufferings of the martyrs
and confessors of the past are bringing their
reward to-day.
If there is any hope at all for the natives it is
in the Catholic church. The missionaries who
have plundered them now throw them away
like a squeezed orange. They have received
their reward. The mansions on Beretania
street, the cozy villas which dot the coast, are
their monuments and the emblems of their
success. The Catholic church has a monu
ment too, but of a different kind. It is the
shaft which marks the last resting-place of a
leper priest. Around it is gathered the last
remnant of a people, without land, without
king, without country, without hope. Singing
the songs of the past they sit ''clothed all in
death" where lonely Molokai faces the moan
ing sea. Peter C. Yokkx.
PETROS AND PETRA.
A Note From Nevada in Regard to
a Disputed Point In the
Controversy.
Rev. George C. Hunting, rector of St.
Paul's Church, Virginia City, Nev.. adds
the following to the discussion of biblical
subjects now progressing:
To thu Editor of fan Francisco Call— Dear
Sib: I have react witn great interest the two
letters in your issue of January 11, regarding j
the true interpretation of the passage In
Matthew xvi:l7-li», written by the Rev. Mr.
Wendte and Key. P. C. Yorke. I have given
this subject some considerable study and be£
sotno space in your valuable paper for a few
words to supplement the letter oi Key. Mr.
Wendte.
The first thing to be noticed in this passage
is that the two words, "petros" and "petru,"
are of different genders. Petros is masculine
and is only used in the New Testament as the
name of one of the twelve apostles. It is used
in Xenophon, Sophocles and Plato as a com
mon noun, meaning "rock"; but notice that it
is never used interchangeably with tho femi
nine form petru. which has for its primary
meaning-rock," with a very frequent change j
to the cognate idea of stability, firmness,
foundation, etc.. which change, however, pc- i
tros never takes.
When our Lord made inquiry among his !
disciples as to whom they thought him to be
and received their several answers ho took
especial notice of one of them. It was tho
answer of Simon Barjona, -'Thou art the Christ,
tne Son of the Living God." Tnis, as is
well known, was the first open confession
among men that Jesus was tne son of God and i
therefore divine. To any student of Christian- 1
ityitis clear that only upon such a spirit of
faith and humility can a Christian life be
built. Our Lord, in appreciation of this noble
confession, said to Peter, in substance, "Thou
art of strong faith and noblo mind, and to you
pre-eminently shall it be given to have honor
among men, and I, your Lord, say to thee
thou art strong— a rock ; thy name is henceforth
Rock (petros), and on tnis confession— the
solid, substantial words of true and lively faith,
this rocklike confession (petrfl)— will I* build
my church." On such confessions as this has
the church of Christ been ever built.
Jf one will take the trouble to look it up it
will be seen that throughout the Bible the
word petra has the use of the cognate idea of ',
lirrn foundation, without reference as to :
whether the foundation be rock or the confes
lion of & man or the everlasting attributes of '
God. It is used in Septuaglnt as a translation
of the Hobrew word seia, meaning rock or firm
foundation, solid support; this nse is particu
larly seen in II Samuel, xxll:2; Psalm* xviii:2,
Psalms xxxi :3 and Psalms xlix :9.
from these instances of the most frequent
nse of tho word petra I think it can be easily
teen that our Lord did attempt to change the
gender of words without cause, and also did!
not commit the folly of telling tho«e who were
to preach his gospel that from then on his
church would b« founded on the frailty of hu
manity, especially on the humanity of a man
who had more than once shown that his faith,
while strong at times, had a very decided ten
dency to fail at the crucial moment, but in
stead that the all-wise founder of tho Chris-;
trian religion saw fit to build upon such a '■
confession as that of Simon Barjona, the true
Petra of a finite Petros, "Thou urt the Christ, I
the Son oi the Living God." ,
George C. Hunting.
Virginia City, Xev., January 12, 18^0.
TEE TROLLEY VICTIM.
Antonio I'aiiuni Dies From His Injuries
and the Motormun Is Arrested
for Manslaughter.
The man who was run over by Mission
electric car .10G1 near the Five-and-a-half
rniJe House Sunday night died at the City
and County Hospital early yesterday
morning, and the body was taken to the
Morgue.
Abraham Wilson, the motorman, on
learning of the man's death, went to the
carhouse on Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets, and a telephone message was sent
to the Seventeenth-street station for an
officer. Policeman Blackman went to the
carhouse and placed Wilson under arrest.
He was taken to the City Prison and
charged with manslaughter. Attorney
Kelly for tne Market-street Cable Com
pany procured from Captain Wittman the
prisoner's release on his own recognizance.
Last eveninsr the body was identified at
the Morgue as that ol Antonio Panani, a
laborer for the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, who lived in the vicinity of Silver
avenue. He leaven a widow "and three
cnildren.
MURDEROUS ATTACK.
Peter Larsen Cut.Three Times by John
Wagner in a Boarding-House.
John Wagner, a sailor, made a murder
ous attack last night upon Peter Larsen,
another sailor, in the boardine-house 547
Howard street.
Larsen was 2t supper and Wagner picked
up a carving-knife from the table and, ap
proachinc; Larsen, made a slash at his
throat. Larsen threw back his head and
the knife cut him slightly above the right
eye. Wagner made two more quick slashes
at him, one of them taking eifect on his
forehead and the other on his scalp.
Neither of them is perious. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital and Dr. Rhine
dressed the wounds.
Wagner was arrested and taken to the
Southern Police Station, where he was
booked on the charge of assault to mur
der. He and Larsen have not been on
good terms for some time.
Unfortunate Blanche Lyons.
Blanche Lyons, the little girl who was
knocked down by a McAllister-street car In
front of her home at 919 McAllister street a
few evenings ago, suffered severely by the
accident. Her leg was broken in two places
Dr. Janes, who is attending the little sufferer
fears that her spine has been injured.
NEW TO-DAY. MTU I
THE.BEBT KNOWN NAME FOI* A
CEREAL BREAKFAST FOOD B^^^Sl^^S?^
—is— » nlUEiloo^^s^^^^.
i Ho Percentage fbaimicj, 953 Market SL
II i r 111 ifl RIG6S HOUST
li\ li B i iMM X>. C
%/| JBbe9 ik ™ A.I A. MwM JL^L Oithe Natio»*l Capital. "irsUMass T"aU appola*
menu. G. DeWITT. 'frea*
npr imrvric tdv i-r American plan, $3 per day and
DELICIOUS— TRY IT. ■ upward.
i
KOC. TRIAL gETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Y^SS^^^^^S^^^^A^ Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants ... 50c
T ( Wfl?&*W3*^***>^\'* \ C B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts SOc i Any
J^ s SS : \te^^W i^ !!^rr^ C— lo Chrysanthemums, losortsSOc *
'9nm«lll^^^^^^ D— S S-iperb double Petuniai, 5 kinds . 50c I 3 Sets
WWm™Bßilw3ai*n £~" 5 « G ,I ancl la W-flQwcred Geraniums, s kinds..soc FOR
t XVK^^VKifem \ kHWI* V- O-«0 Elegant O omin^ Roses, 10 kinds 50c J?\*
K— lo Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, $ 1 * 25
■■■''-'^^iWfillWlm^*^'^'^ • 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or
"XM/rIVCWV - 1 Solaum, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Jlydran- 5 Sets
gea, I Chrysanthemum 50c
Violet Pianls, soc, h C^illl^ $^
S^^» ■„ Send for our c^EiiSio^^S
ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
: Tv^^AtSjgQgggP'*' Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, Kngland,:
... ■'■■ .T'"*T~' ■■ ■ ■ Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vege-
tableseeds C OX SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francisco r
. - fs . jf 411, 413 Sensome Street
Wk\9^~^tttWa? ****■ J fi it IW? *"' jetc%? I WlllafcJvitalizer.theprescrip-.
mJiy < * J> P\ fli* "*> <» II n«°l a { am ouBFrench physician, will quickly cure yon of all ner.
■ vS^ /-Al \> /\ } ?S 9 »? • if^ c8 i o t LBenerative orrjaiis, such as Lost Manhood,
iS /« V .^fcLL iV^i li V la i? 9lnthe^ ck ' Seminal - EaI s6 i " n s.NervonBDeblUty;
''\ Kl^b \ !m P^s, Unfltness to ■ Marry , Exhausting Drnl-s, Varlforele and
ES X. r .\. . V Constipation. It stops alllosßes by day or night. Prevents quick- !
bg .^— '■ />*-• ness of discharge, which if not ohockeu leads to Spermatorrbosa and
■ BEFORE AND AFTER all the horrors uflmpotency. Ct; PI DEXE cleanses the liver, Ui«
Si \n^ n w n <.»« . w kld neys end the urinary orgransol all Impurities.
•' JLUJriifEJrE strengtnens and restores small weak organs. • ■ ■
I L e r . e o^rPTn r p I SS^ e .1 0t fure 'i by Docto « ls because ninety per cent are tronb!«J with
Proatatltiß. COPInENKis the only known remedy to cure without an optration. £00OieBtimoni<
els. A writtrugußrantoe * tve <? and < J ne y returned ff six boxea does not effect a permaueDteura.
|1.00 a box, six for $5.00, by mail. Send for fbkb circular and tesUmonlals. \
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 llarKet street. San Francisco, Cal. For Sale by
- - t BROOKS' PHARMACY, U9.i>owallftUMl ,
READ DOWN THE LINES.
r\ o not neglect a cold;
IT nlesa checked, it may be dangerousl
p or this reason, take no risks-
p ight your cold until it ia cured,
"y ou need to stir up the torpid blood,
C et it moving, quicken its circulation.
p ure whiskey is the thing to take.
FT nder its stimulating influence,
D e-action begins, you feel better,
C nergy returns, the cold disappears.
jyi edieal men give this advice,
J^ nd they tell us that indigestion,
ong continued stomach troubles,
'p ake flight if treated in this way.
YVf hen you feel the need of a stimulant,
M asten to your grocer or druggist,
nsist on having Duffy's pure malt whiskey
c cc that you get no other.
1^" eepinmind: "Duffy's is tho only
p ntirely pure, medicinal stimulant."
Vf ou can take nothing better!
NOTICE FOR BIDS.
Notice Inviting Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordi-
nance providing for tho issuance and sale of
bonds for the town oi Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the paid town of Lincoln for
flra and other municipal purposes, pasaed and
approved tne 17th day of December, 1895,
ordained that there shall be issued by tne said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $500 each, bearing interest at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and al=o directing the Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by the
Board of Town Trustees of the town oi Lincoln
to soil said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date the
lirst Monday in January. 189(3, anrt are to he
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond to be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1807. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be mado
payable on the first Monday in January in each
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1933; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, in the said
town of Lincoln, Flacer County, State of Cali-
fornia, and to each of said bonds there Is to be
attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond iv ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be received by ;he clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at hia office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice up to the hour of 7 o'clock p. m. of the
31st day of January, 189t>, and that thereafter
said bonds will be 60ld by the Board of Trus-
tees of said town to the highest and best bid-
der for cash in gold coin of tne United States.
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to accept or reject any and all
bids. Ko bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. Said bonds
will be delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bonds oi the entire issuo
of $20,000, numbered from one io iorty, both
inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must be
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the sume are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
the purchase price payable to the said town of
Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving notice
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and pay lor
same as delivered; and that a failure to" take
up and pay for same within the time herein
gpeciiied shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself,
and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be held and considered as liqui'latwl
damages; and said undertaking may be sued
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages. A deposit
in the United States postofflce of said town of
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deliver said
bonds signed by the said clerk of the said town
and ivitn the seal of 6aid town ailixed, ad-
dressed to the purohaser of said bonds at his
place of business or residence as stated in his
bid for said bonds, pzepaid, thall be deemed
and taken to bo notice to the purchaser from
the date of such deposit, and there shall also
be embodied in said undertaking the pur-
chaser's assent to the form and sufficiency of
such notice.
Dated December 31, 1895.
F. L. SANPKBg, Town Clerk.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
BUKMAKY OF THK MAKKETi.
Silver nnchansed.
Wheat and Barley Futures weaker.
Oais. torn and Kye 'juiet.
3?eans fairly active.
Feedstuff* and Hay unchanged.
Potatoes steady. Onions linn.
Butter an.l Cheese unchanged.
Eggs lower and weak.
Turkeys very dull.
Uame quiet and lower.
Ail Krnns slow.
Man.! arm Oranges l.ed higher.
Provisions Inactive.
nd Leal Imc Buchanged.
■ 1 importa of Champrtgne.
WEATHKB UIRKAU RKPOKT.
CTKXTKD ST.VTF.S DKPARTMEST OF AOKICDIi
rORK. EATKKB BtTKKAU, S.\N Fbaxcisco, Jan
tmry 13, 189 li. f> r. li.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following ar.> the seasonal rainfalls to date
as com pared witli those of the same date last season:
Kureka 15.96, last season 24.52; Bed Bluff 6.76,
lftsi season 17.73; Sun Pranclsco 4.66, last season
16.12: Fresno J.ll, !ast season 7.23; *an Luis
Obispo 4.00. last season 15.32; Los Angeles'l.7ll
last season 1i.51; San DiegO 1..')7, last season 3.20;
umi .32, last season 2.21.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Kureka
fit}. Baa Francisco 54, Los Angeles 58, Bed r>luff
iS. s»'i Luis Obispo 60. San Die^o 58, Fresno 64,
Independence 58, uma 70.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 54,
minimum 49, mean 52.
An area of low pressure apj>ears to be moving In
from the ocean and there are indications of contin
ued rainy wea her. The pressure has fallen irom
sxd Krancisco northwara. The center of lowest
pressure is oil the Northern < alifornia coast to
nlght. The urea of high pressure which so lons
dominated the weather for this region lias moved
northeastward and is now central over the Dako
tas. Clear weather prevails along the platenu re
gion and eastward, Cloudy weather anil rain pre
vail from the const to the Sierras. Snow will prob
al>ly fall from the sierras to Ogden.
The temperature lias varied but little during the
past 24 hours over the entire western half of the
country.
horeca»t made at S;in Francisco for thirty
hours euding midnight January 14, 1896:
Northern California Cloudy weather with rain;
stationary temperature; southeasterly winds.
southern California-— Cloudy weather with rain;
stationary temperature: southeasterly winds.
Nevada— Snow in the northern portion; slightly
warmer.
Utah— Rain or snow; stationary temperature.
Arizona— lncreasing idineas and possibly rain
In the extreme southwestern portion; stationary
tetnperature.
fan l-'rancisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather and
rain; stationary rature; southeasterly winds.
A. McAdik. Local Forecast Official.
>EW IOBK MAKKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 13.— The more pacific
advices from Europe to-day regarding the Venez
uelan and south African questions, the statement '
by Mr. Morran that, the new fiovernment issue I
will be placed beyond a doubt, and higher prices
for American a?curilit>s In London led to an ad
vance in all prominent issues. The Improvement |
ranged from ' 2 to 8% per cent an 1 was most pro
nounced in the international and granger stocks.
Lake shore rose S% to 144: Louisville and Nash
ville, 2'- •_• to 4A>4; St. I'ani. 1»4 tot>9Vs: Balti
more am! Ohio, 3 o 41; Kansas and Texas pre
ferred, 13« to 2,V< s - The strength of these Issues
led to overing in other parts of the list, and as a
r- suit prices were advanced about i,4 to 2 per cent
all along the line.
The industrials were irregular and rather ferer
lsh. Leather preferred, after an early advance to
B-»-'i Iropned, tos7 ] i. and later returnea to 6S : |4® :
68V-2- i in- stock continues to be affected by the
uncertainty regarding be dividend. Manhattan
fel from 99 s to U7s% and later returned to 08%. !
The stock was sold on the announcement that the j
assessed valuation of the property had been in
creased about 100 per cent a< compared with 1893.
The sellers of the stock contended that this would
increase the charges lor taxation something like
5275.000, and considered it a bear argunifnt.
Business was light, only 165,000 shares having
changed hands. Net changes show gains of iN to
3;g per cent. Lake Shore. Baltimore and Ohio
and Lead preferred scoring the createst advances. '
Bonds wc-re higher. Sales rooted up $1,550,000. I
East Tennessee consolidated lives rose l^j to 107;
Consumers' as of Chicago tirsts. 1 to 34; Fort '
Worth and Denver City firsts, Ito 66; Interna- J
tional and Great Northern Beconds, 2 to 72; Kan
sas and rexas seconds. 1 to f>vu 2 ; Lake shore con
snii.iated seconds. l*4s to 119 V&7 Mobile and Ohio
fours, IVi to 6«Vo; Northern i'acitic seconds, 1 to
102; Oregon short Line sixes, 1 to 104; do certifi
cates, '-'Ss to 104%; Reading »rst preferred first
installment paid, V* to 27: ll'u Grande Western
irs, 1 vg to73«' .
In Government bonds $25,000 coupon fours of
3925 brought 116, aud $10,000 registered fours
1131/3.
rain.
FLOUR— DuII. Barley, steady. Winter wheat.
low grades. *-' 25@2 65: do fair to fancy, $ 2 65@
3 SO: do patents, $3 45@3 75: Minnesota clear.
?2 50(0,3 10; do Straits, $3@3 35; do patents, $3 15
(d.i 10: low extras. $2 25(5>2 65; City Mills, S3 90
(5.4: do patents, S4@4 25. Rye mixture, $2 10® I
3 20: superfine, $2(a2 20. Southern flour— Kasy; j
cointi,- to fair extras, $2 10@2 80: good to choice I
do, $2 9U@3. l".ye flour— Quiet, easy; $2 40@2 85.
Buckwheat Hour. .*! -.'5(0)1 30.
BUCK W IIE AT-38 y>c.
COKNMKAL— Nominal, dull, steady; yellow
Western, S2 25@2 30; Brandy wine. $2 25.
RYE— Nominal.
BARLEY— Nominal; No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, 39®40c.
BARLEY MALT— Nominal.
WHEAT— Fairly active, weaker. Xo. 2 red, store
nnd elevator, 68c; afloat, 69V2<"; f. o. b.. 68%*
70c: No. 1 northern, 68c. "
Op; ions were moderately active and weak at 3/
@i/4c decline on easiercables, foreign selling, weak
eat and local realizing. May and July most ac
tive. No. 2 red. Janunry, 67c; February, 68c;
March, 68% C; Miiy. MKi-oC: July, 653.C. '
.Stocks ol grain store and afloat January 11-
Wheat, 1.-174: corn, 1,217,180; oats, 1,994-
-666: rye, hl,918; barley, 643,438: malt, 9£29
--peas. 7152 bushets. - .....
CORN— DuII, easier." No.;.'. 343 / 4@35 C , elevator
-355.g@36c alUiat ; earner mixed. H4i^ 2
Options were dull and weak at (£n/ c decline,
following the West and wheat. May and July
most active. January, 34 %c; February, 343/ic-
May, 34y 2 c; July, 35% c. ' ■ -
OATS— Quiet, steady. Options dull, easy. Jan
uary and February, 23ygc: May. 24y c. Spot
prices: No. 2, 24i£c; No. 2 white, 2&& c: No. 2
Chicago, 2514 c: No. 3, 23y>c; No. 3 white
241/2 C: mixed Western, 24y 2 @25V->c; white State
and Western, 25@28c.
F K F. n BKAN-6Q@62%C
M 1 DDLINGS — 65{&70c*
RYE— Feed, 70@75c.
Provisions.
BEEF- Quiet, steady. Family. $10@10 BO; ex
iraincss. 5.7 50(£8: beef ham*, dull. $15 50; tierced
beef dull. steady; city extra India mers, 915 50
@16: cm meats, linn; pickled bellies, $5; do
Btioulders, 41/2 C; do hams, B@>Bi4c; middles, nom
inal.
LARD— Lower, dull. • Western Rteam, 95 70
--city.,ss 25: January, $5 65: May. $5 9S; refined
dull; Continent, $6 80; south America, $6 40;
compound, $4 34(&5.
POBK— Dull, steady. Mess. $6 10@6 15.
BUTTEK— close 1 weaker, state dairy
12@12i/C.c; Western dairy, ll@18c; do creamery'
18@23c: do June. 15@22c; do factory, 2 @l7c-
Kleins, 24c; imitation creamery, 14@19c; rolls 9
16c
CHEESE— FairIy active, firm, State large, 714
(jelOc; da fancy. 10c; do small, 734rdi10V 2
Western small, 9V*@loi4c: part skims, 3i4(&.fc'
full skims, 2@3c. '
EGtitt— receipts, lower. State and Penn
pvlvanla, 18I&25C: Soutl'.ern. 17@17i/>c: icehouse
15^1 8c: do. per case, $3(g,3 76; Wesiern fresn 17
@l8c: l:nnd, 16c.
TAtiLOW— Quiet, barely steady. City, 3%c*
country, 3T/ c. * '
COTTONSEED OIL— easy. Crude. 24®
24i/ 2 c; yellow, prime, 28@28Vic;do, ofY grade,27iA
©27i/ 2 c.
KOhlN— Dull, weak. Strained, common to good,
.SI 60@J ti-.i.,. BWI
'* TCKPENTINTS— Quiet, firm, 31Va@32c.
POTATOES — Choice firm. Jersey, 50@85c-
Nonhen New York, . r >U'a<H)i:; State Rose, 70(^90c :
J.onir Island, 85c<g.$l; Bermoda, $2@6: Maine'
$1 10« l 75; Sweets, . :i 75. '
RlCE— Fair demaiid and firm. Domestic fair
extra, 'Ma 5%c; Japan, 3%@4c.
MOLASSES— Firm, fairly active. New Orleans.
• open kettle, uood to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE — Quiet, anchanged to 5 points up.
March, 913 20@13 25; May, 75@12 80; Sep
tember, 912; December, $ix 75. Spot Kio,' dull
bieady, No. 7, 14c. ' '
SUOAK— Raw, dull, steady, fair refining, 3®
3»/ 8 c ; centrifugal, 96 test, 33ia Keflned, quiet, easv^
No. 6, 43/ g c; No. 7 and No. 8, 6 l-16c: No. 10
4VBC: No. 11,4 c; No. 12, 3 15-16; No. 13, 3%c
--oft A, 4i^S}4Y 8 c: mold A, 5V c; standard A,
4%c; co ectioDor !.' A, 43 c: cut loaf and
crashed, 5%c; PoWdere<land CUbeSl 8C: eraii
ulated, i~- a : q.bc. /O b
l-'ruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FKUITS-Apricots-Bags, 10%
J M-.s-i- our sizes, nominal elea, B«4@8y a c
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal 514 c. "^ 3V "
J: A ISINS— I-ondou layers. 85c@si 25- lo™»«
Muscatel 3-crown. 3®SlAc; i-crown 4@6c
U^ 9 S i c.- I ' aper - Bhell "V^rf^Jo. M ,f
v,\ V «i I U^ Standaldl 6y 2 @7c; 00 soft-shell,
M 2 - luc. '
iiors— Dull, weak; State, common tochoice 3
@9c: Pacific Coast, 3%@9c. J.ondon market un
cfiancwL
WOOL— Moderatedemand, firm; domestic fleece
16@22c; pulled, 15@34c; Texas, B018c! *
Merchandise.
PIQ IHOX— Quiet: American, Sl'/®l4.
( nl'I'ER- Easy; Lake. 59 80&9 90.
LEAD— Easy: domestic, $3@3~ 02Vi. -
TlN— Easy; btraits, $13 16@13 20.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 11.1,.. Jan. 13,-Satarday's closing
figures on wheat prices were not particularly varied
Jrom this morniiiß, a fractional decline marking
llieopeDing, and afterward a recovery to a point
slightly above that day* final quotations taking
place. The rt-moteness of the prospect of dlfllculty
between England and Germany has changed the
vi>-\-. s of a number of operators from bull l3h to
,nsh, and the belief in advance rinds fewer «d
--1 rents than daring tbe earlier part of last week
Cba visible suppl/ postings laspired iuoder«te
trading on both sides of the market, but tho busl
ness as essentially local. Liverpool cables were
steady and quiet. Receipts In the Northwest
showed further Increase, arrivals today betn? 924
cars, Huainst 6!8 last Monday and 273 a year ago.
Chicago received 96 cars. Local Inspections from
store were 75 104 bushels and 573,124 bushels
cleared at the seaboard. The clearances and a
larse decrease in New York stocks led to tempo
rary limitless, but Ihe final result was utisiuisiac
tory to holders Bild was responsible for firtlier
weakness and a decline. A decreasa of 897,000
bushels was shown, 'the bulls being disappointed
that the reduction was not grea er. .Wheat on
ocean passage decreased 480,000 bushels and the
English visible supply 431,000 bushels. Closing
Paris tiles were lower, Berlin unchanged to
higher and Antwerp higher. May, wheat opened
fiom &9Vfec to 59S' B e. sold between 59^ / 8 @59%c
t\nd f)8 7 K (g.s9c, clo<ing hi 69c, 8/ 8 ,- under Saturday.
KsUmated receipts for to-morrow 100 cars.
CORN— The corn market was quiet and prices
were not materially changed from the close of Sat
urday. An easier tone prevailed at the opening,
the absence of strength in wheat at that time in
fluencing the feeling. I-ater in the morning some
improvement was noted, but no startling or ex
traocdlnary fluctuations occurred, Receipts were
629 cars and 110,893 bushels were withdrawn
from store. Liverpool cables were quiet pnd un
changed. Export clearances amounted to 534.949
hnshi'ls. The amount on oce«n passage decreased
H20.0 i») hushrls an-l the visible supply increased
343,000 busnels. With the weakness In wheat
after noon May corn declined, and the dose w:is Vi
ftfi-VsC nnder Saturday. That option opened at
2SV 2 c. sold.between 28V2ig.2Sf>s - and lie. clos-
Ing at 28Vic. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
876 cars.
OATS— starting easy oats steadied and
held moderately well, finding assistance in the
tone of wheat and corn, later easing off with those
grains. Receipts were 227 cira. There were no
oats taken from store. The visible supply de
creased 168.000 bushels. May oats closed 14c
lower. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 315 cars.
KI,AX — Firm. Cash, 93c; May, 96» a c Keceipts
were 45 cars.
PROVISIONS— A decline of 5c in live hogs com
municated a weakening influence to the product
market, causine a loss throughout the list. Busi
ness was fairly active and some outside orders
were received. Packers and weak holders were
the principal sellers. May pork closed 22V2C lower,
May lard 10c lower and May ribs 7y @loc lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— 56Vic; May, 69c; Jnly,
5J)3/gC.
CORN— January, 25«ij@253ic; May, 28i,4c:
Jnly, 29y B e.
OATS— January. 17Vic: May, 19% c.
PORK— January, 99 -z2^; May. SH 62Vi-
LARD— January, $5 32V2t May.*s 62i->.
Rlß*— January, $4 60; -\fay. $4 75.
BD l'TKil — was only a limited demand for
butter to-day. stocks showed some further ac
cumulation and prices were easier. Creameries-
Extra-, 23y 2 : Brst«, 21@22c; seconds, 18@20c;
imitations, fancy. 16@18c. Dairies— Extras, 20c;
firsts, 15@17c; seconds 12@13c. Ladles— Extras,
14(qilac: firsts, 10@12c; packing stock, 10@llc;
roll,loffil2c. - I,:;;. h. ; . ,-
EGGS— Were weak. stocks were liberal' and
holders were anxious to sell. The deruiind was
tame. Fresh stock sold at 16@17c; icehouse, lss
@14c f. dozen.
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6(^7 per
cent on time loans. New York exchange 50c pre
ruiuni bid, 80c asked.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 1i.i,., Jan. 13.— There
was an enormous run of cattle to-day and prices
ruled 10@20c lower than on Saturday. The de
mand even at a decline was poor. The demand for
hogs was good, packers and shippers buying liber
ally, but the supply was too large and prices
suffered to the extent of 5c per 100 pounds. The
arrivals of sheep were free, but owing to a good
inquiry prices remained steady.
CATTLE— Receipts, 25,000". Common to extra
steers, $3 20(0.4 90: stockers and feeders. $2 50®
3 80; cows and bulls, 31 50(£3 10; calves, $3 50
(a. 76: Texans, $3 35@1 35.
Receipts, 50.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lois, $3 60@;-i common to choice
lights, $3 55@3 80; choice assorted, $3 70@
3 HO: light, $3 55@3 HO: pus, $2 7.">(< i:< 7.">.
SHEEP— Receipts', 15,000. Inferior to choice,
$2(3.3 65; lambs, $3 26@4 76.
NEW YOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Kailroad
Shares.
Moner on call easy at 4y 2 @5%: last loan at 5% !
and closing offered at 5%. l'rime mercantile pa
per, 6@7'*'. Bar silver, i'6-.ic. Mexican dol- j
lars. 623^0. Sterling exchange is steady, with j
actual t'umuess in banKers' bills at $4 S7y 2 @4 87% |
for sixty aays and $4 89@4 8914 for demand.
Posted ratPR, $4 88QJ4 H9y 3 . Commercial bills. •
S4 fce 2<d* 8" l 4- Government bonds linn ; State
bonas dull: rauroaa bonds higher. Silver at the
board wiis steady.
CXOSINU stocks.
Am Tel & Cable.... 89V-»[Norfo!k <t Wes-... IV3
Atcbison I*%! Preferred ti-..
Prererrea i'2i, a iNonh American... *V 2
Adams Kxpress...l4s I .Northern Pacitic.. 3i/ 8
Alton, TerreUaute. 57 | Preferred 12
American Express.lll Nortnwestern 9SU ]
American Tobacco. 81134 Prelerred 143
Preferred 101 N. Y. Central... . 96
BayStateGas 21 N. Y. Chlcago&S.L 12
Baltimore «sOhio.. 41 j Ist preferred 68
BrunswicK Lands.. V 2 Yd preferred '24
Buffalo, Boch Jt P. 10 jN. Y.&N. H.. .ISO
Canada Pacific... 53 X, Y.<fcNew Ens. 4514
Canada Southern.. 49 N. Y. susq & W... 9Vi
Canton Land &Ove Preferred 24Vi I
Central Pacific 1 ' "ntarlo. 71.,
Clifs. A Ohio Ontario it WesVe'rn. ISVa
Chicago Alton 1»3 Oregon lmprovmt. '-'i
Preierrea 170 Preferred... • ;
Chicago, 8.&.Q.... 75y 8| Oregon Navigation. 15
Chicago <t K. 111... 42i/4 Oregon Short Line. 6
Preferred 94 jl'acitlc Man 26
Cbicagouas 66 Peona. D.<fe Evans. il*A
Cleve «fe Pittsburg.lsß jPittaburg Jk. \V pfd. 18
Consolidation Coal. 29 jPullman Palace... 165 •
Consolidated Gas.. {Quicksilver lV a
C. C.C. <t St. Louis. c 8 I Preferred 14 j
Preferred 87 ißeaaing 8V« !
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 26% RloGrande&Westn 17
Preferred 96 , Preferred 40
> Cotton Oil Cert.... 16 Rock Island H65,'8
i Commercial Cable. 145 IRomeWat <tOgdenllsu. !
Del. Hudson 125 St. L. <fc s. \V" 41."
Del.Lack&WesternlHOVij Preferred ." 103-i
Denver<£R.G 11« Paul kj»
Preferrea ii j . Preferred 126 Vi
Distillers l^ 3 ,* Bt. Paul& Duluth. 'II
General Electric... 2HV»' Preferred 85
Erie 14ViEt. Paul <t Omaha- 3isy
Preferred '2i 1 Preferrea 120V2
Fort Wayne 160 St. P. Al. <S .m llti
QreatNorthernpw.no 'silver Ceruncat... 67V 8
Green Bay % Southern Pacific. 21. !
Harlem. l 280 Soutnern K. X 9
Hocking C0a1....... 2 1 Preferred 271/2
Hocking Valley... 18 >u*:»r Refinery.. .104 I
Homestaice v;b 1 Preferred. 97y a i
H. <t Texas Cenu. Vi Term. Coal A Iron. 27 y 2
Illinois Central 92 1 Preferred .. 100
lowa Central 8 iTexas Puclfic.. . . 8
Preferred.... 27 ,Tol.A.A.it N.Jiicfj
Kansas <S Texas..- IVi Tol. <fc Ohio Cen.... 30
Preferred -'M, 4 Preferrea . . 65
Kingston & Pern... 3 lol.St.Louis&K-Ci 8
1-akeEno Westn 19 : Preferred li
Preferred 69V» Vniou Pacific.. 3y
LaKe Shore 144 V. P.. Den. & GulL 3
National j.ead 2f>3/ 8 '- C .B. Cordage 51/ a
Preferrea 84%! Preferred lOV2 '
Longlslana 80W Guaranteed 21 '
Louisville & Nash. 45% D. S. Express 38
Louisville Na<ft Cn. 7-*4 U; S. Leather...... gs. '
Preferred 18', 2 i Preferred Ssyl \
Manhattan Consol. fIX3 /4 L". S. Rubber 28»i '
Mempnis & Charls. 16 ,' Preferred. . Bti
Mexican Central... Utlca < fc.B. River.. 150
Michigan Central.. 9.>* Wab. K. L. <t Pac 6V«
MlnnttS. jl j Prelerred 16Va !
Preferred. jWells-Farzo 95 ;
Minn. <fc St. L com. IHVi Western Union... 84
Ist preferred 73 V* Wis Centra,. 31/. I
2d preferred 43' /3 Wheeling <fe L. X.. 10%:
Missouri Pacific.. 2»r./ 8 Preferred... 86
Mobile* Ohio 24 |Am Cotton oilDfdl (I2lyb
NashvllleChatt.... 65 .W U Bee* ... 71!
National Linseed.. 18 ]L i Iraciiou Ilsl* i
N. J. Central.. S9V Ann Arb0r......... — 2 1
CT.n«iN« m.vTw.
V 4s, re* 108%i31 KT2ds... 59i/_
Do, 4s coupon... 109 i Do, 4g. " ■ BSi£
4snewreg.....Hs Mutual Unidn'6s."lls
l)o, 4s coupon.. .lltf .V J Cent (Jen ss. 11 +
5* 'i s »B Northern I'ac lats.ll3Vi
po,ba H2y 2 : Do, 2ds 102
Uo. 6s c0uD0n....112i/J Do, 'Ma 60
n °?fS7 B*lß9B8 * 1898 - iJ* 0 "« estConsoVs: 1 38 V
Do. 1897 100 Do,debse.. . IO6VO
80. 1898 100 OR4N l,t 0?
Pacific 6s of '9s Bt L <t 8 F G<-n 6a lOlii
T>. C. 3-6 5s 110 St Paul Consols 123 "
Ala Class A 4 109 bt. P c APalßti 11
i D & Cl si 84. ss. 1 2 9 ' !>„; ktcJ l%Z\\ti
LbCoi.soMs. i) 5 -Kouthern R. K. ss. Hl)i/.
Miwourl funding.. Texas Paclnc rims 83V?
X Carolinacon 68.120 Texas Pac seconds 10?U:
E - D .°> 4«....... 104 I"nioi)l'acl»tor»6. ID3I ,
Po Carolina 4V 5... 100 West Shore 4s: .104??
lennnewMs 81 ! Mobile Ohio 45.. H4II
V a funding debt... 69% OranaeWest lsti T\ll
¥?• ?* Ches<fcO6s 10t>
1)0, deferred 65... Atchlson 45... .... 7»
i'o. trust rcpts st K/U Do, ids A &*£
C«ntdasouth2ds..io4^l>H<tSA 65... 104
Cen lstaof '95 100 Do 2d 7s ion
*>%** Glßt U H \ Yex 7 Ceni o .:.l08
Pri '«w 84 ! JJo.con6s 104
Erie2ds 66S/ 4 ' Reading 4s 781/,
Kansas I'a Consols 71 |Mis«ouri U5..,.,,.. 100
KsPalnts lJendivlO6V2 !»••«•••
FOREIGN JIAKKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Kno., Jan. 13.-1 he spot market
is firm at 5s 6d. Cargoes are dull at 28s arrived.
FCTURKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the foliowlne
Liverpool quotations for No. S Red Winter- Janu
ary, -6s 4d; February. 5s 4y 2 d; March, Bs 6d-
April, Bs 6y d; May, 5s s»id. J>larcn - os ™.
secdkities.
LONDON, Esn., Jan. 13.— Consols, 1063/.- sil
ver, 30 9-16 d; French Rentes, — /8 '
EXCHANGE AND > BUIXION. •
Sterling Kxchange, 60^1ay5.... — *4 88 ■
•SterlliiK Kxcnange, 5ight....... .... — 89
sterling Cables...... ............!!! 91 ggiA
New ork Exchange, 5ight......... — Par n
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, jounce — 66^i
Mexican D011ar5..............;...... 6314 63i/a
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.'
WHEAT— The Susquehanna takes for Avon
mouth, 63,581 ctls, valued at $66,760.
The spot market was quiet and fairly steady. A
general rain might weaken It more or less. In tact,
luturea dropped somewaat. .No. 1, $1 08Vi@l 07%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
$ ctl; choice. $1 083,i@l 10; lower grades, 90c@
$1 02y 2 ; extra choice lor milling, $1 15@1 18%.
. CALL BOABDSALES.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — May — 100
tons. $1 07%: 1200, $1 081/k. .
Rkohiar Mornixh Skssion— May— tons
$1 07%: 1300. $1 07%. *
Afternooj* Skssion— May— l4oo tons. $1 073/1.
Spot, storage paid— loo, $1 04%. ,
BARLEY— The rain produced no appreciable ef
fect on the spot market. 1'u tv res were easier. '
Shipment of 19,150 ctls*'Brewlng, valued at 815,
--820, to England. Feed, 68 3,4@70c; choice. 71 l/^c*
Brewing, 75@82y 2 c; Chevalier. $1 10@l for
No. 1 and 75c'(jf!$l i* ctl lor off grade.
■ ' ■-."'■" I'AJ.I. BOARD B^TJgli
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock— May— 2oo tons,
Rkoui<ar 'Jiußsi'xe Session— May— tons,
Aft mo sksbiox— Mav— 4oo tons, 69% c:
200. 69% c; 200, 70c. • /» .
OATS— Were quiet and unchanged. Milling, 75
<SBscßctl; fancy Feed, 86@90c; good to choice,
75@85c; common to fair, 60@70c;. Gray, 77y 2 <a
85c; Ited, lor seed. Sl<S>l 10: Mack, for seed. $l"io
@1 30: ditto for teed, 75@85c; Surprise, 95c@$l.
CORN— Steady, bat quieter. Lnn;e Yellow, 87.,
990 c; small Hound do, 87y a (g)ti0c; White, 82y 2
RYE— 7BOBOc f> ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at 85c@?l $ ctl, ac,
cording to quality. _^___^ :
BXOUB ANO JIILLSTCFFS.
FLOUR-Net casli prices are: Family extras,
$3 55@3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 i&@3 65; super
tine. $2 40@2 50 "f bhl. . . " .
COKNMEAL. ETC.-Feed Corn, f1? 60@20 $
ton: Cracked corn. $'.'0 x* ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Priees in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
- : V: Rye Flour, 3Vic: Rice Flour. 7y 2 c; Corn
meal, 23,i@3c; extra cream do, 3y 2 c: Oatmeal,
3%C; Oat Groats, 4%c: Hominy, 4@4y,e; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y c: Farina.
4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4i/
iv«rl Barley, 4Vi@4y 2 c; .split Peas, 4»,ic; Green
do, 51/ic f) lb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— SI 3 50@14 f> ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS-$16@19 for lower grades up to
8-U 50 •$ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— JttoUed Barley, $16@17 ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 pi ton; jobbing,
822 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
HAY— The rain produced no effect yesterday,
out if it proves general It will be likely to ease the
market somewhat. Wheat is quotable at $B@l2 50
9 ton; Oat. 8(3.10 50; Wheat and Oat. $7 60@
1150 f> ton; Barley, $7@9 50: Alfalfa, 86«9;
Clover. $6<g)B; Compressed, $ 7 60@ll; Stock, $(>@
7 50 f< ton. .
STRAW— 3S@6Oc fi bale.
KKA\S AND SEED?.
BEANb— In fair demand and firm for the reason
already mentioned. Bayos are quotable at SI
@1 15 $ ctl: Small Whites, fl 25@1 50 t'
Ctl; Pea, $1 50®l 65; Large Whites. $1 15@126;
Pink. 90cCai.?l 12y 3 : Reds. $1 35(81 40: Blackeye,
J175@185: Red Kidney, $1 7S(a)l 90; Limas,
8- s(i(a,'J 75; Butters, $1 tso(tfil 70 « ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard tmotable at $1 95<ffi203:
Trieste, 82@'2 '/0; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60;
Flax. $1 70@l 75; Canary, 3i/i@3i/>c ¥* rt>: Al
falfa 6y @t>\4jc \* Jb; Kape, 13'4@-Jc V It,; Hemp,
4c f> Ib. . . • ■
DRIED PEAS— Quoted at fl 25@1 50 -a ctl for
Niles, $1 20(g)l 30 lor Blackeye and $1 25@1 57
for Green. , _--,' : - ■; -•- •
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — Volunteer New Potatoes, are
quotable at lVs@l 3 /ic -$ ft,; Sweets, $1 50@2 1»
ctl for Rivers and $2 15 ~& ctl for Merced; Sa
linas Burbanks, 60@90c ctl: jiiver Burbanks, 25
@36c "t sack: Oregon Burbanks, 40(570c- River
Keels, &o@6oc f( ctl.
O.MO.NS-l'irm at 85ffi»6c %) ctl; Cut Onions,
65(<£75c t» ctl.
VtOKTABLES — Mushrooms, g@lsc » Ib •
Dried Peppers, 7@loc; Los a luteles Tomatoes, 76c
@$l: f* box; Green IVns. s@6c; Strlnc B^ans. lo
(a.I.V; Dr:ed dkra, 12y 2 Cabbage, 11 @ iOc *t< cil*
Garlic, 4(gisc It,; Marrowfat bquash, ifiO f ton.
J'OULTRT AND GA3IJE.
POULTRY— The narket continues dull.
Live Turkeys, 10@,llc t>. It. for (iobblers and lie
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 12@12y 2 c; Geese,
T» pair, $1 Co@l 75: Ducks, $5 50@7: Hens, $4(d>
lI'OULTRT bl)(gtft PO: do, old, $4@4 60
--c LTJEtV— The raarkel continues dull,
•c Turkeys, 10@llc ft It. for Gobblers and lie
Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 12(gU2> ..<••. Geeae,
ir. $1 :,0(g,l 75; Ducks, 8S 50<a7: Hens, ?4(rf»
oosters, young. $i ftoia.'s PO: i!i>" old, $4®4 5o-
Fryers, 84 50: Broilers, $4@4 50 for laree an I
!?3 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 50(5)2 t* dozen for
yomigand .$1 for old.
GAME— Was lower and dull. Quail are quot
able at 81 dozS; Mallard, 9H 50@>: Canvasback.
?2 ►@6; Sprig, $1 50; Teal, $I@l 25: Widgeon,
•*l@l 26: Small Duck. 7o@Bscf Hare. 7hc@| 1 ;
Rabbits, .?1 25@1 50 lor Cottontails and 76c@*l
for small: Gray Geese, 8202 60; White Gees
fl; Brant. $1 25; Honkers, S3#S 50; English
Snipe, $2@2 60; Jack Snipe. $1.
BUTTXE, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER-Steady with light stocks. The rain
producea no effect.
CRKAMKRY-Fancy, 27@28c; seconds, 2«@26c
tt,.
Dairy- Fancy, 26@26c; good to choice, 22 y 2 @
24c; lower grades, lg@22c.
CHEESE— Fancy mll.l new, 11@1 1 2 c; special
marks higher still; common to good, B@loc f» lb-
Cream Cheddar. ll@12c; Younz Amprica, lI^JS
Western, ll@13c; Eastern, 12@13c lb. *
K(sGs— Receipts continue ample, buyers are
holding off and prices nre lower again. Fancy
Eastern, 24c; cood to choice Eastern, Z3@!SBc; sec
onds, Vo@2lc; store Eggs, 20@22y c; ranch Eggs,
23@.27c '■$ doz, the latter figure, extreme.
DKIED JKUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
th« Fruit Exchange: KAISJNS, NITS, ETC
UED FKT7ITS— The following prices rule o
■ruit Exchange:
Carload LoTS-Apples, 2%@3c 1?. lb for qua
tered, 3@3y s c V lb for sliced and 4i4<§6c ~$ R>
for evaporated;. Peaches, 4@sc f, lb and B^
6c 1» lb for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12@13c '
It-; Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6@6Va f* H>
for 40@50's and 5c "^> lb for 60@60's; Apricots, 7^
@9c for prime to choice and 10(g;llc fl lb for fancy
Moorpark; Fi^i, black, 3@3y 2 c f! lb for presse
and 2@2y 2 c for impressed: White Figs. 3^i@4c
V 11. for pressed in sacks and 6@6c in boxes; Prars
IC t* lb for evaporated halves, 4@6y a c V, lb for
quarters; Plums, 4@4i, c '$ lb for pitted and lU,®
2V 2 c for unpitted ; .Nectarines, 6@6c "». Ib for priii
to choice and 6y 2 c for fancy. :
JOBBINO Pbiob-*— Apples, 4@4y 2 c: I'eaches, 3®
4c and 5c for fauty: peeled, in boxes, ltt@l2y«c"-
Prunes, 4c for the four Bi7.es. 6<a>6y 2 for 40(g,5T)
and 5c for 50@60's; Apricots, 6(0.91 Zv for prime to
choice and lij@llc for faury .Moorpnrk; Fie
black, l%@2Visc: White 1- igs," HfflSc; Pears. 61,
lor evaporated halves and Sffisy 2 c for quurt'-r •
Plums. 3y..c tor pitted and 1<&1 y e lor unpitted 1
nectarines. 4^,5c n» for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DKIED GRAPEs-Prlces ar
as follows, carioad lot--, f. o. b. San i-rancisco
London layers, 85@90c ■£ box; four-crown, loos
S%c f, tb; three-crown, loose, 2y 2 c; two-crown,
2ta2i c: seedless Sultanas. 33,4@4c: seealessMu
catcls, 2i/.@:33ic; clusters. $1 35@1 50; Dehesa
••lusters, $j. 10@2 26; Imperial clusters. 82 60
@2 76; Dried Grapes; 2y 2 c 'o tb.
Jorbino Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2V4 a2'/ 2 c: 2-crown, l%@2c; Seedless Su
tunns, 3%@4c; Heedless Muscatels, 2%c; 3-crown
Londou layers, 85c@$l; clusters, $1 40(a»l 50
Dehesa clusters, B3 25; Imperial clusters, 8'"-' 75
Dried (irapes, 21/2°.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc 'f. B>; Walnuts. 7<SBc
f, lb for No. 1 hard and f)®9y 2 for Kit t shell, jbb
t'inir lots; Almonds, 6(a7'/2C for I anguedoc and
8y 2 @loc for papt-r-sbell, jobbinc: Peanuts, 3y 2 @
4c %( lb for California; Hickory nuts, 6<g)lic;
l'ecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
B©9c: Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc |) lb; Cocoanuts.
•f4 fiO@s t- 1 100. , .
HO.NKI-fomb Is quotable at 10@12c for
bright and B@9c 'f. lb lor lower grades; \vat»
white extraoiefl, 5@5y 2 c ~$ lb; light amber ex
tracted, 41 4 (ai4%c: aark amber, 4c: dark, 2to3c.
BEESWAX— 24@-^7c Ib. .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FKUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Persimmons. 40@76c
box; Apples, 75c@81 for good to choice, &O@6sc
for common to fair arui £1 26 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— The China steamer brought
only 600 boxes of Mandarins, aud prices are higher
in consequence. Otherwise the market is dull
and unchanged. California ("ranges are quot
able at $i 25@1 75 '-p box for Seedlings and
$1 f>o(§,2 fiO for Navels: Japanese Mandarins,
$1 Sifiu] £0 V box; Lemons, $I@l 50 for common
and $2®"- 50 for cood to choice: California Limes,
75c '■■ box; Mexican Limes. -TB'a6 5(); Bananas, SI
@2 V bunch; Pineapples, $2 (gi6 ft dozen.
PKO VISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 6c?» lb for heavy,
7c t* Ib for light medium, 9c ¥ lb for light. 10c
for extra, light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams. ll%c If* lb; California Hams,
10c; flless Beef, 87 'f, bbl extra mess do, 88: fam
llv do, $9@9 50; extra prime Pork, *8 % bbl; ex
tra clear, 14 1* bhl; mess, 13 %4 bbl: Smoked
Beef, 9y 2 @loc t« lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, is quotable at 6c fk
lJi for compound and 7y 1 ' for pure; palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, sy c for coiur-ound and 6c for pure;
balf-bbls, 6Vic; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 61b. 7@7i.4c lb.
COTTOLENE— 7c In tierces and 7%c lb in 10
--lb tins.
UIDES, TAUOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND BKIXS-Heavy salted steers.
7c f» lb; cuils and brands, 6c; medium, Oc; culls and
brands. sc; light. sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, 6@si/ 2 c; culls and orands, 4@4y»c; salted
Kip, 5c f, lb; salted Calf, 8c f"l lb: salfed Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc $ lb; culls and brands, 7<a
7i c; dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 6y»c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c: Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc:
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c: medium. 15®
25c; winter, 10@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10<a
JOceaoh; short wool, 30@40c;eacb; medium, 40
@50ceach; long wool, 60®70c each. Uulls of all
kinds, about i/->c less. •; . ..;■--:
* TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3S4@4c; No. 23@
3Vic; refined, 53,4 c; Grease, 2y 2 c f» lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Humboldt and
Mendocino, 7^)9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 3<a
6c: free Mountaln,-6@7c; defective do, 4@6c * Xh.
HOPS— Nominal, at 4@6c '$, lb. . -::.?■ ■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are aa follows:
i,?K' K Fir " quality, @6c: second quality,
*y2@sc; third do. 3V>@4c 1* lb. = . . '
Vf^icr l>arge>6 be small, 66*7 c lb. . -' V -
**} I' ON - Wethers. 6(gi6Vac; Kwes, 6c yn Ib.
IjAMß— Spring Lamb. 12y 2 c; yearlings, 7c •» Ib
POKK-Live Hogs, 38/g@36/ 8 c for large and 3y
@3 s /»c lor amaU; dressed. do, iy a @5 Vie f) tt, -
QKNBBAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— The Altair. now on the way to thi port
from Calcutta, brings the largest cargo of Bags
ever made in one shipment (o this Coast. It in
cludes 9,000.000 Bags besides a quantity of jute
and cloth. Calcutta 'iraiu Bags. June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 15: Wool Bags, 24(a)26c.
COAL— Well iuet on Is quotable at »8 $ ton;
I\ew Wellington, $8 t*- ton; SouthHeUi Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle. $5@5 50: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5: Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo,
*7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite En, Sl3; Welsh An
thracite Egg.- — : cannel.?B: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, ,f 10 50 in
bulk and $12 50 » ton in sacks.
CHAMPAGNE— Imports al this port, in 1895
were 17.162 cases, against 13,159 cases in 1894. a
gain of 4003 cases last year. As champagne is a
luxury times must certainly be improving when
we buy more of it.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed all 5.% c; Dry Granulated, 6c;
Confectioners' A, 8 c; Magnolia A, 4S' 8 c: Extra
C, 4 Vic; Golden C, 4V 8 c; half-barrels, ' Vie more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
s\ KUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
t» gal.
RKC'KIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
*lour,qr. «lc* 6,47o|Hides, n0.......... 303
Washington 6,397 Wine, gats 77,350
Wheat, ctls 3.886 Butter, ctls 36
Washington 760 Cheese. c:ls 28
Barley, cUb 4,44siEggs. doz 1,920
\\ ashington 305 Lumber, M feet... 10
Oats, ctls 2,21 0; Leather. r0115...... 72
Washington 6,o2o! Paper, reams...... 4,804
Potatoes. sks. 3,435 Quicksilver, flaslc* 100
Onions, sks 95Raisins. bx5........ 60)
Br«n, «ic s <#> 2,690: lops, bis. 26
Middlings, 5k5..... 270 Mustard Seed, sks 149
Beans, 5k5......... 629 Flaxseed, Wsh, sk 120
Hay. tons 62:-! Wool, bis. 10
Btraw, tons 32
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Louis and Katherine E. Cranz to Charles W. and
I Klixaoeth V. Gould, lot on S line of Green street,
100 \V of Gougn, W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Cornelius Besley to Christopher r. yon Issendof,
lot on SK corner of Page and l.yon streets, E 35 by
8 100, subject to mortgage; $10.
Krnest and Louisa yon Burgen to Mrs. Anns
Braver (or Meyer), lot on SW corner of Hayes and
Lott streets, \V 93:3 by « 'J5; $10.
lllbernla Savings and Loan Society to Paul
Bnuike, lot on SE ine of Howard street, 175 XX
■ or Kleventh, NE 30 by SK 100; .SSOOO.
Alfred K. I'ryor to Arthur L. Piper, undivided
[ one-twelftli of lot on S corner of First and Jessie
streets, S\V 155 by SK r.O: $10.
Dalton Wheeler* to Florence- G. Taylor, lot on S
line of Fifteenth stree;, 275 E of (.'astro, E 7S
by s 115; $],
W. 11. mid Carrie M. Wiggins to John Coop, lot
on X line of Capp street. (55 N of Twenty-riflh,
N 65 hy X 115: $10.
F.mest and Florence l'liilpott to Joseph Orr, lot
on H line of Army street, 80 E of Noe, X '25 by S
114: $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to James A.
Dyer, X i/ 2 of lot 14, plot 3, California section of
said Cemetery; $115
ALA MESA COUNTY.
Daniel J. and Margaret Cougblln to Hellen C.
ShHliird. lot on s line ol Delaware street, 110 X of
Hamilton. E 40 by s 135, being the E 40 feet of
lot W. subdivision of Range 8, Hnnlv Tract , Berlt
ley; $10.
W. E. ami F.rmina Danrie to P. I.avorel and A.
Pngge. lots 245 and 246. Rose Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $.">.
Mary Russell toGeorge I), and Mary A. Rnsse
lot on sw line of Brlgss avenu*. 250* f-K of Hit,
street, BE 50 by SW 203, lot 40, Briggs Tract, Ala
nieda; gift.
John ('. and Annie M. Spencer to D'Arey M. and
Kate E. Ca«hin, lot beginning at apointVOONW
from N\V Twenty-fourth ftvenupund 150 XX fro
East Nineteenth Street, SW 50. X\V 150 to Kn
Twenty-hird avenue, tbence N to Its intersection
with a line rirawn pH rail el with and distant 150
XX from XE Kast Nineteenth street, thence SK
165 to beginning, block 1, subdivision, 50. Asso
ciates' Tract. East Oakland: $10.
Wi-lter. l. Stewart era. (i>y Commissioner) to
National lion c and Loan A <soeiation.lot on S line
of Fast- Twenf-etehth treet, 275 X of Tnenti
rst avenue, 8 140. X 166:8. N to s line or En
Twe-<iy-eiclith street, W 107 to beginning, lots 1'
IS. 14 nnd 15, block 91. Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, Kast Oakland ; $1281,
Charles a: and Lutlfl a. Tyrrel to Jeremiah
Tyrrel, r<reronl of 4.ilj d 284, lot on N line o
Thirty-ninth street, 835:6 w of TeleKrapfa avenui
W 42:6bvN 00. block SO. map of esate of
John Evoy. Id plat 36, Oakland Townsh p; $10.
William J. and Vlrslnia K. Dinee» to George \\\
and H. 1". Brussoau, rerecord of 676 d. 383, 1 a--re
beginninga 8W corner of lot 21; snMlvls'on o
PiedmoutHeights. thence 8E 1.63 chains, NE 6.5!
chains to center of Edith Btr»et f " thence NW.SS
chains. NW .62 chains, SW H. 67 chains to begin
ning, portion of lot 21. subdivided portion of Pied
mont Heights, Oakland Township: •?.'.
G. W. and Henrletttt P. Brusaeau to William J
Dingee, loi 21. subdivided portion of Piedmon
Heights, except 1 acre nescribed In previous deed,
Oakland Township, qnltelaim deed: $3.
I<. C. and Miriam More ouse to F. A. Koetitz,
lot 64. Klmhurst Tract, Map 2, Brooklyn Town
ship; $5.
Samuel I. and Annie P. McGUI to Emery E.
George, lot on X line of Minturn street. 211 s of
Railroad avenue, s 32:6 liy X 88, lot 13. subdlvi
slon of lot 32. Kas.sking Park, subject to a mor
gage, Alameda: $10.
John F. and Ellen K. Hankins to John Petsche,
lot on S line of Railroad avenue,Blo.o7 E of TMr<
}■: 30 by 8 135, lot 8. block B, resubdivision Halch
Tract, A'ameda: $10.
51yra Decker to Mrs. F. If. Ross, lot on s line o
Washington street, 100 X of lli^h, s 100, thence.
B 35, s 20. W 3.*., N 20 to beginnlnic, being portion
of lot 8, block 36, Alameda, (]iiitflaim deed- $1,
I*. W. McQullkin to W. F. Milihone, lot on X line
of Pine street, 53 S of Lincoln, S 27 by X 102, block
709, Oakland: $10.
Martin M. and Helena Samson to Emelia Engel,
lot on W line of Peralta street, 53 N of Sixteenth,
N 25 by W 110, lot 8, block 74<Ik, Oakland: $10.
Lucien W. and Annie I!. (-haw to W. K. Proctor,
lot on >•" line of Hxteenth stre«'t, 100 X of \Ve«t E
40 by N 100. portion lot 28, block 2112, Alden
Trad at Temescal, Oakland Township; $10.
c. J. and Catharine K. Newell to Homestead
Loan Association, Berkeley, lot on SK corner of
Tenth mid Addison streets, X 42:6, s 116:8, SW
42:6, N 116 to beginning, block 101, tract B,
Berkeley L. and T. I. Association, Berkeley; $10
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEIfc
P J Shields. Sac W BetMOn, Halfrnoon By
M Carroll, lowa Mrs T \v Newman lowu
A L Fisher <S v. si p.osa Miss I! Newman, loua
\V II Fisher. Snnia Itosa Mrs V\ T Forrest Wash
L M lisher. ft W.Pall liiv Mrs M A Adams, Wasli
.1 Busby, Marysville W Kiuk. Los UatOS
FJTegg rt. I'alo Alto <; Lombard. Los Aiigeles
\V II K;,o\viton. s I, Obis Mrs X A Hu««-s, r.0.-ton
L X Uoulton, I'olusa A J Holden, Boston
W DTlllston, Taroma .1 A Andrews, Hnywards
W F Williamson, Colo C Gurnee, Oakland
V. W Lewis, Stockton I, A N;ires. Liverpool
J« Cunningham, Sac we Maker, Rakersrleld
L Birnehaum A w.Cal It \V Bender, Berkeley
I) T D Rlod^r it, ( 'al SEA If red <S w, Cal aMm
Miss M Janssen, Kureka T Cieddes, Lima
\V II Ni'ivniati Stockton H (i Ilowell.Cal
T Roland. Keeler C H Shively, Orovlllft
C E Wood, Loa Banos G H Thomas. Detroit
J R Waionghby, Ventura C H Dwindle, Fulton
R F. Allma ■, Ki«sno .1 C Travis, San Jose
J T Jones, Unnford A Towle. Towles
MisiM lxihlsf, Oakland T M Smith, Cal
T Fenoessey, Oakland Klt Hush. Woodland
Mr cowan <£ w, Honolulu J X Rtronsr, Woodland
W D Tillotson, facoma W W Douglas, Sue
IU'SS HOUSE.
T W Hazelton, lowa TS Merchant. Healdsbure
V ]•: Hunter. Snntii Ilosa Mrs T s Merchant, Hldsh
J A Lytte, Santa Cruz I) Thickincer, Oeadwood
Miss Kate flinsa. Yreka A Lee <v w, Yreka
Charles Adams. BactO W Williams, Los Anc
KM Thomson, Eureka <• n Clayton, Kureka
.1 Otter. ISnreka .1 Meyer, i'orl Townsend
w a In«alls, 111 G Belcher, Conn
.1 s McDonald. Portland Miss llallidav. ICureka
II Cane, Kurek:i S B <Muypool,liealdshiirg
Harry .lone*. Klko N W Collins, Napa
.1 W Miller, ivtuluma .1 F Cumird, Vallejo
U BOgston, San Mateo C A Levy, tnyo
T H Hull, Otcden J M Bml h, Colo Springs
.1 T l.yon, fJuadalupe J W Landers, Colo Spr
W B Wiscoll.Sta Honca C A Mann, Seattle
Mrs Van Home, L Ang C 8 I'roat <fe w. Sacto
W Helm, 111 W J Lawrence. Chicago
T P Wilson, Ashland O McDonald, Klko
Mrs M Woods, >cattle C 0 llalns, .Medford
J Green X- w.Paso Kobles W Tucker, Fatrfield
C H Keyser. I'ii-ta W 1' Keyser, l'ieta
A Sadler, Tnrnma J KditiKtnn, soleaad
A Mnssei. Malaga Gertrude Rains, Natvale
Alice Carpenter, Natvnle Blanche Carpenter.Xtvle
Daisy llayncs, Natvale
PALACE HOTEL.
R E Jack. San L Obispo J II Maloney, Ottawa
II W Hawlny&wf.ChiCKO P Bumcli <t wf, N V
11 S Mißeiiutwi'.Krie, I'a C W Fischer, San .lose
F Nelson. Ferndale W J Kerrl, KerndHle
H Clark. MontlceUO BP Flshback. Seattle
E C Blehowsky, 8 Gabriel a P Jones, Orovllle
Miss Baldwin, < anterbury W McCreery, Htirineame
1. A Nares, I^iverpool .1 Fennell. Napa
F A Dwyer, Chicago H C Henry, Seattle
H F llalch, Minneapolis W A Irwin, Honolulu
C F Oldliauufewr, London A D Wilson Philadelphia
(i T I'atton, I,os Angeles Col H Trevelyan, Fresno
o J Smith, Mexico J W Amyar, N V
J DOray, Fresno .1 KorchurKlwv. wf, <;ilroy
(i W Irwin, Montana J J WilllanisJtwf, Treuth
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
X Tlckhem. Wnoqitfllirae J Thompsniutw, Victoria
C It Mink. Alcatruz J Schnnt, Cosbroton
W I) Barms. Columbus B Label, Snn Ritrael
I' Nelson, I.aunton W Carter, Providence
II X Parker, Vallejo E T Cox, Visalia
J T McLean, Ind W O MoLeod A: w. Wls
A H Buton, Sun Salvador E J Noian, Boston
BALDWIN HOTEL.
R A Freii7.el. Cal B P Barker, Llvermore
B C Holly, Vallejo T B Klvas. Texas
X Kaufman. St Louis E Lellingwell. Oaklaud
8 I.nmott. Los Angeles DO Shafer. Chicago
G 11 Kurk, Demine L A Segg, San Jose
N Worthington, San Jose
THK CAM. CALENDAB,
January, 1898.
W.
Th. ¥i. Sa.
2 3 4
9 10 11 j
16 17 18 j
33 34 25
30 31 .
Moon's Fhasea.
Last Quart
'^^ January
9
1 New Moon.
vsr January , 14
18
/■^First Quartet
W January 22.
19
(fa Full Moon.
vsV January 30.
OCEAN SIKAMUKS,
Dates of Departure lroui San Francisco.
BTEAMKR. | DKBTIN-ATIOX !
SAILS.
I PIER.
Pomona. . IHumboldtßay Jan 14. Utm PierU
Kate or v: Portland Jan 14.10** Pier 24
n^?,u OBa - ? an Dle?o Jan H. 11 am Pier 11
Lmatiila....jVic<stP«t Bna Jan 15. 9am Pier 9
*»rauon.... j V aoulna Bay.. Jan 15.10 am I Pier '2
Paui...... Newoort ...... Jan 16. fiAM Pier 11
V, ru j China & Japan Jan 18, 3pm PMSS
£*???■• i C005mr...... IanIM.IOAM Pier 13
r^nnfh.""- , an£)te «f0..... Jan 18.11 am Pier 11
rEv £££■•• f onlana Jan 19.10 am Pier 24
nil £- vdne >' Panama Jau 20,12 m PMSS
F«r^ ne ■ ■ °- rays Har «x>r. Jan 20. Fifth St
ruvP,*hV ■■?.f' VDO « Jan 20. «am Pier 11
iXiJt^il*" X ic&i ' et!ina J^ 2o. 9am Pier 9
Point.i.oma. | Grays Harbor - -Tan 20.1-2 m Pier 3
Australia.... Honolulu Jan2l.l Oa m I Oceanic
STKAMKRS XO AUKIVK.
Steamer |
* ci> * vi Newport.
Cuv or Everett Panama ..'!'.!""" -'
North f0rt..... Humboldt Bay"""-""
Mackinaw ...... Comox ..,.
t*nn Bemto ! Tacoma "*"**" ***""""
Willamette Vol. [ Mexico.. "
City of Sydney. Panama
Columbia.... Portland " """
•Empire..;..- Portland
Mexico San Dieso. "'.."""
City of PueDla.. Victoria <fe Pueec Sound
MariDOsti....... Sydney..
Willamette [-Departure Bay '. ".'.'. .'.".'.'"
Arcata coos bay. .
Pomona.; ... Hurnboidt Bay,
Point Urns. — Lira.vs tiarbor
Kureka.......... Newport, .""
San 8ia5........ Panama •••••-■
Del None.. Grays Harbor...' '"'
SantaKoaa. I Man Dle^o
Creacenc City. .. Crescent City..".
State of Cal j Portland
Farallon ....... Yaaulna BaV..'!.'"]*".'
alia Wa11a. ... Victoria & Pniret Hound
..Jan 14
..Jau 14
..I mi IB
...Tan 15
...Jan 15
..Jan Hi
..Jan 16
..Jan 16
. .Jan 16
..Jan 1(5
.Jan 16
..Jnn 3 6
. .Jan 16
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 38
..Jan 18
..Jau 18
..Jan 20
..Jau 20
..Jan 21
..Jan 21
..Jan '21
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
p
14
15,
Small. Large.
0.42 a 10.41 a
1.23 a 11.29 a
Small. Large.
4.54 v U.OOp
6.45 a' 6.3t5p
Sets
Rises
|Z-i
5.141
1 .Vl s'
Seta
6.11
HYDUOGKAPUIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hvprooraphic Office., IT. S. X.
Mkrchantb 1 F'.xchavgk. ' V
San Francihw), January 13. 1896. j
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day -1. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m. ( Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtki.kr,
Lieutenant V. s. N.. in charge.
SHlPl'l>iG INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, January 13.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 55 hours from Yaqulna
Bay. pass nnd mdse, to C.l Hendry, sons Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 17 hours from Eureka
-I'ftSß and nidse. to Goodall, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Whltesboro. Johnson, 18 hours from
Greenwood: lumber, Co L E While Lumber Co
Stmr ScoUh. .Johnson, 40 hours from Hueneme*
produce, to j n Ilanlfr.
,, Stmr Ciiyof Panama, Searle, 31 14 days from
anama. etc: pass and mds»\ to Pacific- Mali S s Co.
-Stair Australia, Houdlette, tj days and 17 hours
from Honolulu; pass and mdse, to J 1) Sprexkels
Bros <& Co.
schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours frm Bodega- 40
bxs butter, to Ross & Hewlett.
Cieai-erl.
MONDAY, January 13.
StmrMineoia. David, Comox: Pacific XmpCo.
stnir Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
■ Stmr State of California, Ackley. Astoria; Good
all, Perkins <fc Co.
.Ship America, Hadding, Nanaimo; R Dunsmuir&
Sons.
Br ship Cape York, Mitchell, CJueenstown; Bal
four. Guthrie «fc Co.
Sallel.
MONDAY, January 13.
Stmr Albion. Liindqulst.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
stnir Ulneola, David, Comox.
stmr Scotia, Johnson.
tStllir Alice Blanchard. Dunham, Portland.
stmr National City. Annreseu. Eureka.
Schr Marie E Sniiih. Kosendall, Tacoma
Telesjruphls.
POINT LOBOS— January 13-10 ph- Weather
thick; wimiSK: velocity 16 mites.
Oliurtor*.
The Fr bnrk Duchesse Anne and the Nor bark
Norrtlyset are reehartered for wheat to Europt-
The former cets 27s 6d- Is Sd less direct, and the
latter 26s 3d— ls 3d less direct.
Pec 6— Lat 21 S, lon-r 39 W, Rr ship Alexander
Gibson, from New York, for San Francisco.
\ Miscnllitiieuus.
LONDON— Dec 12— Br ship Largiemcre, pre
viously reported, was tloated after lightering 700
tons cargo, will be docked. sus;aiupd no apparent '
damage.
Br sliip Lyndhurst from Hongkong for San Fran
cisco, which arrived -Ht An.ier Nov 28, repaired
damage, and proceeded, to San Francisco Dec 11. .
lioine^ttc l'orts.
FORT BKAGG-Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Cleone
hence Jan 11.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Jan 13-Stmr
Newsboy, from Albion.
SAN PKDRO-Sailed Jan 12-Stmr Excelsior '
for S.i n Francisco; schr Elnorah.
PORT BLAKELKY-Sailed Jan 12— Ship Invin
cible, for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Arrived Jan Schr Beulah, hence !
Dec 27. !
Sailed .Inn 11— Schr Lily, for San Francisco.
EURKJCA— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr' South Coast
hence Jan 11. •
Sailed Jan 13— Stmr South Coa-it. for Portland.
BOWENH LANDING— SaiIed Jan 13— Schr ;
der Brothers, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 13— Schr Barbara Hernster, hence
Jan IJ. ■ .
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 13— Bktn Northwest.fm
Ban Diego: Br ship Cambrian Kins, from Rio de
Janeiro; Br bark Forfarshire. from Port Los Aiiße
les via (I am Bay; Brship Western Monarch, fm
Valparaiso: Br bnrk Lorton, ironi Mazutlan.
BSAN PEDRO— Jan 13— Schr Reporter, for
Taoomu. .
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Jan 13-Stmr
City of Everett, from Panama; Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Comox,
Hailed Jan 13— Stmr City of Everett, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 12— Bark Gatherer, for ,
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Salled Jan 12— Hchrs James !
A Garfield, American Gin, Volant, Ivy, Twilight,
for San Francisco: schr San Buenaventura, for Re
dondo.
Arrived Jan 13— Schr Orion, hence Jan 1.
.Foreign Ports.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— sailed Jan 11— Br
Morialta. for Han Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr City of
Peking, hence Dec 21, via Honolulu.
CH MPKRlCO— Arrived Dec 19— £ chr Vine,
hence Nov 17. to sail Dec 31 for Acajutla.
■ HONOLULU— uec 18-Schr King Cyrus,
from Newcastle, NSW; bark Aden Besse, from
PortTowusend; Dec 19— Bktn Amelia, from Ku
reka; bktn Archer, hence Nov 28; Nor bark Ser- :
ißger, from Newcastle, NSW; Dec 20-Brstmr
Monowal, hence Dec 13; Dec 22— Hk:n S >i Castle,
hence Dec 8; bark Albert, hence Dec 8; Brschr
Henrietta, from Victoria: Haw nark Andrew '
Welch, hence Dec 8; Dec 23— U 8 S Baltimore, fm !
Yokohama; Dec 25— Schr Esther Buhne. from Eu
reka: Brstrur lihosina, from Yokohama; 26— Br
stmr Mount Lebanon, from Portland ; 27— Stmr
City of Peking, hence Dec 21; Dec 31— Br stmr
Miowera, from .Victoria; bark Ceylon, from De
parture Bay; Jan 1 — Bktn C H Crocker, from New
castle, NSW; Jan 2— Brstmr Warrimoo, from
Sydney; Jan — Bktn Amelia, from Mana Lain
'Sailed Dec 20— Brstmr Monowal, for iSvdnev
Dec 24— Bktu Amelia, for Mana Laul: Dec 26—
Bktn W G Irwin, for San Francisco; Dec 29— Br
stmr Mount Lebanon, for Yokohama: stmr City of •
Pekne. for Yokohama: Doc I?B— Bark Martha
Davis, for San Francisco; Dec 30— II BM S Wild
Swan, for Fanning Island and Tahiti; Jan l_Br
simr Miowera, for Sydney ; Jan 2— Br stmr Warrl- i
moo. for. Victoria; Jan Schr R W Logan for
Mioronesia. ■ *.-,!*.
KAHULUl— Arrived Jan 2— Schr Mary Dod"e
hence Dec 15.
Movements or Train- Atlantic Ste-tmsrs.
NEW YOBK-Arrlved Jan 13-Stmrs Zandaam.
from Rotterdam; stmr Massachusetts, from Lon
don.
Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Italia, for Mediterranean
ports.
HAVRK-Arrivedout Jan 13-Stmr La Norman
die. •'--.'.
LONDON— Arrived out Jan 13— Stmr Missis
sippi. .
GLASGOW— Arrived out Jan 13-Stmr State of
Nebraska.
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 12-Stmr Veendam. from
Rotterdam, for New York.
TARIFIA— Passed' Jan 13-Stmr Fuida. from
new York, for Genoa.
importations.
FIELDS LANDING-PerPomona-10 bxa 8 hf
bxs fish, 1 pkg m.i5e,235 b.\s apples.s sks potatoes
I k«r7Hbxi i butter, 1 pk X hardware, 2cs shoes. 6
sks hides, 1 bx horns, 14 doors. .
Eureka-2 cs dry goods. 5 cs soap, 85 sks peas, 2
horses, 33 bxs butter, 152 bxs apples, 1 cs eWs ' 1
frame, 1 bdl pelts, 1 sk tails, 9 pkgs express '
KHT A .'7 > ] ;lNA BAY - Per Fttr allon-3 bxsVurs, 26
bdls hides. . 12 , CS l Kgs< 31 Bkß oysters, 3451 sks :
wheat, 272 bales hay, 30 tons stone. 1724 nr-aks
356 hf-sks floti', 299 a ks oats. 182 sks potatoes 2
bxs woolons, 8 bales trees. 10 bxs soap 10 sks
seed, 120 bdls hoopa, 2 bbls beer, 10 bxs seed
plants. 24 sks bark, 10 bbls salmon.
HUENEME— Per Scotia— l3o4 sks barley, 254
sks beans, 6 sks walnuts, 1270 sks corn 70 sk«
mustard seed, 890 ska wheat. .
MOSS LANDING — Per Glpßy-2cse
Watsonville— 739 sks oats, 1 pkg mdse
Salinas— ls6l sks barley.
, Moro Cojo— 72, r )sks potatoes.
Soqnel— l6sl sks barley. .'
Moro C0j0— 725 sks potatoes.
_ Soquel-20 bxs apples, 1000 reams paper, 30 pcs
blocking, 27 pkgs mdse. ■ - •■. v
I Santa Cruz— l 6 bbls glue, 2 rolls leather, 600 bbls
lime.
Pigeon Point- 25 bxs 76 drums cheese. 1 bdl
whaleoone, Ibx shells. , ; •. • >
TUMACO— Per City of Panama— l cs gold dust
Guayaquil— loo bags coffee. .
. Panama— bx treasure. ,
-La Llbertad— ens sewing machines. ■
San Josb o> Guatemala— l 2 bags coffee.
I Champerico— ls66 bags coffee, 2 pkts parcels 2
iron tanks. :  .
0c05— 1293 bags coffee, 22 bis hides, 1 bale deer
skins.
_ Acapulco— 44s bxs limes, 3 bales deerskins. 16
bales hides. lpKg gold coin. -. •_ .. ■■/■.« ■ ■■■.«.•
From a:j»r Starbuck-X cs proyialoaa, i 512 bags
." ' ' ' :" ■;'-'■- . ' ■ ■
coffee, cs treasure, 1 bale samples, 12 bales deer
skins.
Manzanillo— 69 bags coffee. 8 bales deerskins, '."J
cs limes.
_ San Bias— ll2 bags silver ore, 24 basis shrimps,
ocs salt fish, 773 ba«s< silver ore, i cs Chinese
mdse, 'jo pkgs treasure. 28 bis le.\tle fiber, 1 cs
chili peppers, '2tJ bats limes.
,™ NOLULU— Per Australia— lo,o3s bags susar,
1000 baitf. Tlc 71 ba coffee.347 pkgs X D chairs,
b7«» onens baiiHrms. 1071 bxs bananas, tiO bxa
pine apples, 24 l,xs betel leaves, S parcels, 4HB
f^SS b< e . r kegil 405 bdls feen hides, 1 iron safe,
19 bdls skins.
Consignees.
Per Scotia t- Krlanger Galinicer: H Dutard-
Jonas Krlanger.
Per oipsy-Gonld <fc Jaudin ; Norton. Teller cfe Cor
Atlas Iron Works: Pae Fruit Market; IlDmard-
L f, T J lckn ' an & Co: Camporloiiico 4 Malcolm:
\\olf*. Son: Dairymen's Union ; Uet7. Bros .fc Co;
; Thomas Loughran; Brlgham, Hoppe A Co ; J R
Bpiing; Cal I'nlnt Co; C; EWhlmey&Co; Charles
Jetsen: Cowell Co; Dodge. Sweeney <ft Co;
A.ron Tanning Co,
Per I'omona— Hills Bros; Wielnnd Urewlna'Co:
McDonough «te Runyon : Norton, 1 eiler <fc Co- i'ac
j Coast Lumber Co: U X iSmiih <fe Co: \V P Mitchell*
Ross tte Hewlett; Standard Oil Co: Witzel »Si Baker-
Wheaton, Breon Co; American Union Fish Co;
A Paladlni: H lleckman & Co; Mllani it Co- Arc
tic Oil Works: Baker & Hamilton ; Q Ferari- <■
Solomon: FBHaisht; C E Whitney dt Co; Com
mercial Soap Co: Cahn, Xickelsburg <fe Co; H Wal
deck; Brigbam, Hoppe t t Co; FefliriK, Creasy <fc Co
| Dodge, Sweeney & Co; JEveleth <fc Nash ; "Berti
Co:. Cal & Xcv Creamery Co; Getz Bros <fc Co: A
Crocker A. Bros; Dairymen's Union: Del Monte
Milling Co: Kveleth it Xa.sh: Standard Oil Co; Scott
& Van Arsdale Lumber Co; Kuxle Disttlling Co;
Natural Ice Co; National Car Acid and Gas Co; r s
Brewery: Wheaton, Breon ttCo: Truman, Hooker
& Co; \V B Sumner & Co: \\'<-lls, Fargo <t Co.
Per City of Panama— Castle Bros; A Sutter: E L
G .steele Co;C Schilling & Co; Garcia <& Uagglnl;
Fredericksburg Brewery ; L G Sresovlch & Co: .1 O
Meyerink: J Ivancovich <fe Co John T Wright; l
Gutte; L F Lastreto; Louis Kelly; Schwartz Bros;
Sperry Flour Co; Nevada Bank; Order; Lymrm
Yellowrey; Schwartz, Loewe & Co; Thannhauser
<t Co; Selb3' Smelting and Lead Co; Urur>!a Uri
oate ite Co; W R (ira^e it Co: W Ixmiza & Co.
Per Farallon — Moore, Ferguson it Co; Pacific
Commercial Co: C J Leist A Co; J D McGilvery; X
H Hammer; Hoffman <t Alexander; H W Bell ; II
Greenhart; California Barrel i'o: Anspacher Bros:
Napa Valley Nursery Co; J I' Thomas; O B Lucy
A Co; w C Price A Co; Morgan Oyster Co; H Levl
A Co; B G Knhl & Co: J Everding it Co; C Jacob
son Co; DE Allison <fe Co; WB Simmer A Co:
Standard Oil Co; Smith's Cash Store; E Martin;
Bros A Co.
Per Australia— A Cowan; Baker* Hamilton: C
D Bunker; Chicago Brewer}' : Chiuda & Flack; J c
Keud A Co; Enterprise Brewery; L Scatena <t Co;
Garcia A fljaggln] ; J Ivancovich it Co: Syman
IJros; J D Spreckels A Bros Co; Wetmore Bros: M
\\ JUcChesney A Sons: Williams. Ditnond & Co; R
J aylor; San Francisco Breweries; Welch it Co: T II
B \iirney; Spencer, Clark A Co; Chee Chong;
Lung Kee.
For Lntf, Shipping Intelligence Sre Fifteenth rape..
glgk OFFICE FURNITURE
§jpa||fip! AND FIXTURES.
Spß§l3 c - F - WEBER & CO.,
J^ga hop t0 3nfi Post sti cor stoekti>l
fflll^'u"" 7 ;" 1 !^ OFFICE and n
«=KLii .11 -|D TYPEWRITER, JEm
S^^U W. C. KARIG, S»
' Wl>lt m%-S4 157 New Montgomery T^"
Two in One. Street, S. F. gg»
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
potccoaststeamslp
CUT RATES
— TO
VICTORIA, B. C.,and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &S.OO
Second Class 63 OO
Meals and berth included.
! Ticket Office— 4 \ew Montgomery Street
aOOUALL, PERKINS CO.,
Geueral Agent*.
ASTORIA AIPOMLAJa
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
. Columbia sails January 9 •■
JmiUi- of Calii'ornia sails ' January 14
GUODALL, PERKINS >Vr CO., Oenl. Snpts.
_ F. F. COX.NOR, Oeueral Atcent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPASI
STEAMERS WTLT, BAIIj FROM y^a.
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as -SiS9K
lollows:
For Mary Island, Lorln^. Wrancel, Juneau. Kil-
tisnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at y a. m., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vannotivpr (B. C.I, Porr Town-
send, Kiattle. Tacoma, Kverett, Anacorses and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Hay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. 6, 10, 15, 20, 26, 80, and every fifth j
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. l. R. H.. a; Tacoma with X. 1". R. R.,
»t Seattle with G. X. By.} at Por. Townsead with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata aad Fields Landln? (llum-
boldi Bay) str. I'omona, 2 p. v., Jan. 2, 6. 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, 30, and iver.r fourth day thereafter.
ForS:in»a Crus, Monterey, Pan Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Huenemo, ban Pedro, Kast San
Pedro (Los Angeiesi ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Jan.
4,8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every lourtU day ;
thereafter.
For Sun Diego, stopping only at Port Harford I
(San l.vis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
Anseles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Xewport. 11 .
a. X., Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, '26. 30, and every j
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mar,atlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaytuas (Mexico), srr. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25:h of each month.
Ticket olKce, Palace Hotel, i New Montgomery [
etreet.
GOODALL, PERKIXS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCE.4SIC STEAMSHIP COIP4H.
_mtlllff' l *"^HS— Coolear.lio cold li"l U
Jt&rT. to (Freemantle). Austra-
Hninw"^,,, lia: •*--° lir3t claM
#!«yO ' ' Nrvt llL"' $H0 steerage. Lowest
jE^jJ^^^^^lT rat os to Capetown,
Wmmfl irKr» \^A Steamship Australia,
Wmi r^M.l\ \ea Honolulu only, Tupr-
'Btt\_ J uiEHSSi ,ESb Australian steamer,
Honolulu ami Auck-
Spkciali Pabtiks.— Reduced special rates for
parties Feb. X and 1;>, 18^ti.
Ticket otlico. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight otlice, 327 Market, street.
J. D. SPRECKKLS Ji BKUS., General Agents.
COIWeJIBGEJERiIETriAJISATLAITKIUE
French ljin« to llitvre.
pOMPAXY'S I'lKi: (NEW). 42 NORTH Ay 9
V^ River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by 4S«yf
this line avoid both trnnsit by Engllsll railway auTl
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
ho;u. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
lirst-rlnss $160; second class,sllb".
LA JBRKI A(i.\K, Capt. Rupe..
■ January 11 -.
LA (iASCOGNK. Capt. Baudelon
January 18
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. P0ir0t,.... '
25, ..
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf ""
February 1.
tSt For further particulars _apply to
~ ox, A. FORGET, Ag.-nt.
T m wr, . ?, o',0 ', BowIi "« Oreen, New York.
avenue. San O Fran,t'o°" AKentB - 5 Montgomery
WHITE _STAR LIR
Onlted States and Royal Mail Steamers
Kf ■», . BETWEEN
n A BIN. 860 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- «-»
\J ing to steamer and accommodation* *£$%$*
So^T.^l^Si^ 11 p i ans m «> "c procured
General Agent tor Paciflc CoaaU
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJPACRET C6IPIH.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIXWALL /j#m.
fortnightly for the West Indies and &38& SI
Bouthampton, callln? en route at CJrbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passru.rers.
ThrouKb bills of ladins;, in connection with the
raciflc Mail s. s. Co., issued for freight aid treas-
or* to direct ports in Eucland and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195;i:iir1
•Uas, 997 60. For further particulars apply to
_ ■ VARKOTT <fc CO., Acents,
. ,306 California »t.'
STOCKTON STEAMERS • ,
Leave Pier No. 3, Washinarton St-
At 5 P. M; l>»ily, Kxcept Sunday.
; tST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STJiAJIEK :
T. C. Walker. . .1. I>; Peters, '*
Mary Garratt, - ■ City of Stockton.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
LOW RATES BY RAIL
3E=»OS^ i ri^A.3>J'X3. OH.
TUESDAY .......JANUARY 14,
And Every Fiffh Uav Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co."s Ferry landing, foos
of Market St., at 8:00 p. m. .
A"J r* A— Including Berth in Pullman TourU; '
$7.50 Sleeper. A «,....
First-class tickets, Incladiog berth In Q1 'oo
Pullman f-'tandard Mueper, ylw — ■
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop fo deliver or take on pa>
sengers at interme^iaie stations, nor will tlcke:s ba
| sohl or baggage checked to such points.
aY" Throng li ficlteta for *• ujji-t 9ono 1
po!nt,« .... Sal« at 'J..«1.,..-rl Kato«.
For further information apply at*.
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotal
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
KOI'THKRV I'AMFIC CO3IPAWT.
(PACIFIC UYSTJUC.)
li'Hlna I«»tc iiii<l lire «ln<- (« nrrive .-. «
MAN lit%.\«lSC«.
le.vvk — Fi:OM NoVEMCES 20, ! ■'"■■ — Ar.aivi
S:3Oa Haywatds, Ndsi ard Way btations.. 10:13 a.
7:OOa Atlantic Kiprefs, Ogden and KsOA.". S*4B*
7:«Oa IJcnici VacaTiL'e, EnßE* y, Sacra-
mento, ai.d Hcdding via iJavia. ... 7: 1 3r
7:3« a Martinez, San Ramon, Xapa, Calie-
togj. and Banta Eon C: ISp
8:3Oa Niles, Ban .Jose, Htocktou, lor.c,
Sacramento, Marysville. ilrA IMufl
and Sucdzys eiccpted Oroyillc.... 4:tHr
•»:30a Peters and Milton _ «7:15p
«:«O.v Han Lcaudro, Hay v. ards W&y Sfns 1 1:43 a
9:UOa Los Anßclc3 KxftKmt, Raymond,
(for Yosetaite), Santa Barbara
and I.os An:;<-l.'!i 4:4*Sr
9:O«a Martinez and Stockton.. 10:43 a.
10:UOa San Leaodro, Ilaywards and Kiles . 1:43p
ISsOOm Kau LeanCro, llayv.-=rds* Way St'ns *i*Zt
l:OOpNi!cs, San Joso and I.ivcrmore f»:4.l«*.
•l:OOr S:cr.:int'nto EiTpT Bte»ram '»:OOp
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations f7:45*
.t:OOp San LcanOro, HayTvards& Way St'ns 5:43p
4:OOp San Leandro, Hayward3& WaySt'nß 6:43*
4:00p Martinez, Han Ramoti, Yalk-jo.
Napa, Calistoga, Xl V'erano and
Santa 1 Josa •jIS a
«:»•» Benlcia, Eaparto, Woodland,
" Knights Landing, Marysville,
Drovillo aud Bacramento i...~. 16:43 a
4i»«p Niles, San Joso, Livermore and
Sluckton 7:1.1p
5:0 Or Ran Leandro, HaywartU & Wny St'nß 8:43»
3::t«i' NewOrleaca J'lxpi-fcs.Vresuo.Bakcn-
flelil, Santa liurb.ira.l.ns AngeleD,
Deming, El Paso, Now Orleans and
Eaf t 16:43 a
3:30p Santa I, Iloute, AtlanMc Express * -
; : ■', fur Mojavo aud East 10:43 a
6:00p F.uropean Mnil, Ogilen and liast.... 0:4.1 a
C:OOpllayivat<b, Nil,siind Joso 7:15 a -'
J7:0l»p Vallejo f?:43p ]
7:VOp Oregon Kxpr«H,ftacramento, Rlarjs-
ville. Rodding, Portland. Piiget
Sound and Kast 1 0:4
7:00p San Leandro, Haywarasi: Way St'ns lO:.*>Op
9:00p San Loar.drn.llnywards.'. Way Stns ttl2:6«A
•HI 0:03p "Sunset Ltsdted," Fresno, Loa
Ansclcs, El Paso, New Orleaus
ana East §r»4.ir
ttllilB. Sa;'. Leandro. Hiy ward Way St'na 7:13 a
SASTAJ 111 ZjmiSlONJNarron (j.tn^f).
S:l3a Newark.Ceiilemlle.Nan.lose.Fclton, ~
Boulder Creek,. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:»6i
•2:15p Newark, Centcrville, Han Jose. New
Aloadcn, Felton, Boulder Cr.ck,
Santa Cruz and Priucipal Way
Stations "11 :20a
4:l."Sp Newark, San .lose and I.m I .'atos. . . . 9:36 a
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
Statiops. t7:2op
COAST DIVISION (Tliir.l X Tonnsnid Sl».)
C:4sa Bui Jom ami Way bmtidis (New *
Almadcn Wednesdays only), l:4B*p
8:15 a San .lone, Trea l'iims, S:mU Cruz,
I.. Ilio Grove. Paso Robler, San
Luia Obispo, GuadalupoHiidPrin-
c»i>;il W:iy BtaUuua 7:05f
10:4Oa San Joao ami Way Stations r>:«»op
11:43 a Palo AKo and AViiy Stations 3:30 i
*2::j<>i- S;in Jose, Gi'roy, Tres rinos, Santa
Cruz, Saliaas.Slontcrty awl Paciiic
(Jiovo *IO:IOa
■8:3 Op San.lose and Prind|>iiJ Way Stations I>:l7a
*4:SOi> Joioand W;iy ritationa *i:oo»
.1:3»i- Kan .lose nnd Way Stations *h:l»*
O:»Or San Josa nntl AYoy Stations •>::•."• v
Saii.los»niid Way f.'nl.ir.iiK <7-,4 •-. t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. t
From FRIKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:O3 % 2:C3 13:Cfl
•1:00 J3:GO *C::Ol\M, >,
From CAKUKD— of Broadway. — *fi:00 800
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *1:00 *2:00 *3:CO 11:00
3:00 P.M.
A for Morning. P for rtemnon.
• Sundays excepted i Saturdays only.
1 ■■- -:' ! -Sundays only,
t f Monday. Thursday aud Saturday nights only.
TjTue«day3 and Saturdays Sundays and Thur&day<i
SMFR.4MSCO& NORTH Pi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Karael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40,"9T20, 11:00 a.m.- 123 V
■P-: 5/, 10 ' b:3O p - M - Thursdays-Extra trla
and 11-30'p t H yalUr<1 * y8 ~" E:Stra ' trlj>S " 1:5 "
6UJ sfoO,^iop 6O 1 L 9:3 I 11:0 AU - ; I:3 °. 3:3
San Kafaol to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9-30 11-10 a if-
af i 4 55 3 r 4 £. '£Si& P
Br 's-00.^5 8 p!°M. 9:40 U:l6 A ' X - : i:4O 3:4 *
Bet ßcduira 'a a <>aDdSChnetZeß Park same
schedule as above.
_ t, ce * ye , Inpffeot Arrive
Ban Iranclsco. oct? 28. San Francisco.
Da X v 9 K I ba vB l>e»t?Mtlon. "^~T^T
LI " YS -J UA YB. DAYS. | DAY*,
7:40 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ah 8-50 ah
3:30pm|9:30 am; Petaluma, j 6:05 pm lo'so aU
6:10 pm 5:00 PM; Santa Kosa. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pi*
Folton, " '
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
nealdsburg,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am 1 Cloverdale. T:3O pm 6:15 fk
I Heta, " "
7:40 am; Hopland &
8:00 am Uklah. 7:30 PM 6:15 fm
7:40 am 10:30a5
1 8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:30 pm
BiBoFll| ■ J 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm| and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
J j Glen Ellen.
7:40 am 8:00 am, sh t . 110:40 am 10:30 Alt
£:30 pm 5:00 PM , j g . O5 pM 0;15 p »
Stapes connect at Baa Rafael for Bolinas "
Btasea connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stapes connect at Pleta :or Highland Sprlnca
Kelseyvllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Bin*
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Greco*
wood, Mendouino I'itv. Fort Bracw, Usal, Westport,
Cahto. Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joh»
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley. Harris, Scoii*
and Eureica.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redoee*
rates.
On Sunday* round-trip ticket* t* all polnta b«»
ond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket otiicHs, 650 Market at., Chronicle buUdlna,
BU a WHITING. R. X. BTAN, y,
J3en. Manager. Oen. Pass. Agent. '
8^ Atlantic
RAILROAD
?aSP§{ft>^t 'I WjPj Trains leave from and arrlvt
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & F. Direct Lino
Leaves every day at 3:30 p. m., carrvln" Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers To CM ic ca
via Kansas City without change. Annex car« fo*
Denver and St. LouU. °*
CHICAGO LIMITED, ,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, vrith Dinine-cars.
nnder Ilarveys maniiKement. ConnectlnK train*
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p m daily
The best railway from California to the Easu
New rails, new ties: no dnst: interesting srenprv-
and good meals In Jlarvey's dining-room or dlnln'z-
cars. *
Ticket Otfica-644 Market Street,
' Chronicle Building.
IORTH PACIFIC (OAST RAILROAD"
(Via Suusalito Ferry).
*Rom Sau Francisco, beginning October 27. 1895.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Vtillev and San Kafael— 7:30, 9-15, 11:0*
a.m.; 1:45, 3:46, 6:15. B:30 p.m.
Uuentiu— 9:16 a. m.: 1:45, 5:15 f. v.
Extra trips tor oan HatHel on Mondays, Wedne*
days and Saturdays at 11:30 •*. m.
SUNDAYS. . .
For Mill Valley, San Rafael aud San Quentin—
8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. M. ; 1:30, 3:00, 4:80. •fl-li
p. m. *uoes not run to Ban Qiifiuin. »•*•
.THROUGH TKAI.NS.
7:30 a. m. weekdays— C'azadcro and way station*.
1:45 p. m. SaturUftys--Tomalf» and way station!
«:00 a. M. Sunday*-. Point Keyes ana way»i ioaa)
VALLEJO MARE km. V
STK. MONTICELLO, ;
Dally, except Kunday-io a. k_ 4 . -
Su nday— B p. *.' •«••*&
Njtft&dißKj Mis f itm I. f||» a^Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
WIDEN TO STAND TRIAL.
One Insane Grand Juror Does
Not Make an Indictment
Invalid.
MANY WANT TO WEAR STARS
Merchants' Exchange Will Give Their
Hearty Support to the Ex
position.
Oakland Offici Sax Francisco Cam.)
90S Broadway, Jan. 13. \
Judee Frick this afternoon denied the
motion to quash the indictments against
Auditor Whidden on technical grounds.
The Court held that the claim that Whid
den had been called as a witness. nd his
name eared as one of the v, nesses
fupon whose testimony the indictment was
found, did not invalidate the indictment.
Wiiiocien, by requesting the I rivilege of
appearing before tho jury after he knew
that an investigation was going on, in
I which he was concerned, had waived any
objection on this ground by becoming a
voluntary witness. Judge Frick, in dis
cussing the testimony as to the insanity of
Juror August Held, decided that he was
insane at the time the indictment was re
turned, and as the Supreme Court had
held the acts of a Grand Jury to be valid
when one man had died if there still re- ■
mained twelve jurors who Bigned the true
bill, this point was held to be settled by
the higher court.
The matter of formal findings was con
tinue! until Friday morning, at which
time Whidden will enter his plea. Attor
ney le Golia will prepare a biliofeicep
tions to the ruling of the court, and there
wiil be a further delay and probably an ap
peal.
Whidden was indicted on eight counts,
charging him with embezzlement, forgery,
and lation of public records in con
nection with the collection of certain
taxes, which it was alleged were paid him
while he was voluntarily assisting the tax
collectors.
I'ray for Reduced Kates.
OAKLAK Cal. Jan. 13.— The follow
ing petition, signed by thirty residents of
Klmhnrst, one of the Moss Tract, one of
Fruitvale, ten of Fitchourg and one of
.Mills ■nary, was read at the meeting
of the Supervisors this morning, and was
referred to the Ordinance and Judiciary
Committee:
IT') the Honorable Board of Supervisors of Ala
cda County: Whereas, acting under the pow
's conferred on them by law. the City Council
Oakland has materially reduced the charges
r the use of water ipplied to the public by
ie Contra Costa and Oakland Water compa"
ies, and as the new rates made by said Coun
-1 are based upon the • Qtire plant of said Con
a Cosin, und Oakland Water companies, and
pon thetr entire revenue, and are not eOn
ut-d to their expenditure-sand revenue arising
ilrly within the corporate limits of the city of
akland; therefore; ratp» which will yield a
wiui revenue within the corporate limits of
le city of Oakland will also yield a lawful
venue when made applicable outside such
mlts.
Therefore, we, the undersigned, residents of
iumeda County, residing outside of the limits
incorporated cities or town, taxpayers and
utor-rate payers, do hereby most respectfully
etition your honorable r.rd to (go actinc
nder the powers conferred upon you by law
r The regulation oi charges for water, etc , as
id clown in the statutes of California of 1885)
f<X reduce tiie rates lawful to he uhajged by tho
>ima Costa and Oakianu Water companies
r the use oi water in territory withiu your
iriadiciion outside ihe corporate limits of the
ty of Oakland as Will make them uniform
with such lawful rates as were recently enacted
to api within the corporate limits of the city
of Oakland. r
Are Thought to Be Safe.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 13.— Rumors have
been ilated during the last few days
that all was not well with Edward an<i H
P. Garthwaite, brothers of W. W. Gar
thwaite of the Oakland Bank of Savings
who were formerly residents of this city,'
but who are now in South Africa. The
former, a civil engineer, wa3 called by
John Hayes Hammond to be his assistant
as manager of the British South African
Company's mines. W. W. Gartnwaite
does not believe that his brothers are
among tho 200 Americans who, according
to the rumor, were to be arrested. He re
ceived a message from General Harris of
San rancisco, who is Hammond's father
in-law, saying, that nothing later had been
heard from him, and they believe the
newspaper reports are much exaggerated
H. P. Garthwaite is living in Johannes
burs and Edward Garthwaite at Ni<*el
Deep, which is about thirty miles distant.
Drove Away With His Donkeys.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 13. —Con Crowley
a well-known ward politician, came to
town to-day swearing vengeance upon and
seeking a warrant for the arrest of a man
who had forcibly taken possession of his
team.
Crowley is a peddler, and as he was driv
ing along the Dublin road Saturday even
ing he says that a man suddenly sprang
into tis wagon and btruck mm on the
head with a club, which blow stunned him
and he fell to tne ground. When he came
to his team had disappeared. He walked
to the residence of a man named Jones
who took him to wards, where he had'
his head bandaged. He spent Sunday in
the county infirmary, and hearing that
his team of donkeys was in the possession
of a man named James, came to Oakland
to-day to get a warrant for his arrest. He
was referred to the Justice of the Peace at
Haywards as being the proper person to
issue tha warrant.
Will Support the Exposition.
OAKLAND Cal., Jan. 13.— President
Fish of the Merchants' Exchange, when
asked this morning if the members
of the exchange would support the pro
posed Oakland exposition, stated very
emphatically that they would do anything
to mote the growth or prosperity of
Oakland, and, as ihe exposition would be
of material benefit to the city, it would re
ceive their hearty support and co-opera
tion. He said: "We wiil stand to ad
vance the interests of Oakland. Why
thould we not support the Oakland expo-
Edition ? We will not back it ut> because we
want to uive a show, but because we want
to do something that would result in a
benefit to Oakland. The stand of the ex
change has bee badly mixed in the
papers, but what I say is the correct state
ment of the case."
A Missing Kxecutor.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 13.— Manuel de
Ayela, the executor of the estate of Encar
nacion De Ayala, has disappeared, and
bills for which the estate is responsible
cannot be paid until he comes to li?ht
again. The affairs of the estate have been
in the Procate Court for some years, and
are still far from imal settlement.
Attorney Mortimer Smith has a claim of
$500 against the estate, which claim con
stitutes attorney's fees allowed J. E.Me-
Klrati), formerly attorney for the execu
tor, and assigned by him to D. Drisco. The
claim was placed in the hands of Smith
ntlw ago, and was duly filed, but no
payment has been made to date. Unless
De Ayala appears again there will be con
siderable difficulty in collecting the
• lit.
llnrglarc About.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 13.— Last Friday '
the lidence of Henry O'Neil, 560 Cale- .
aonu avenue, was entered by burglars, i
«ffr°J tUrned the house topsy-turvy in their 1
J,p« f » to find valu ables. A nair of gold
ThA^i- was lhe on thi niissing.
iind P ihi are niakln vigorous efforts to i
witb^afe but as yet are working ]
l&Sieion™ V night the railroad depot at » t
irvington was entered by burglars, butje
their efforts to open the cash-drawer were
unsuccessful and the large safe was not
touched. This is the second attempt made
to rob the station within a year.
Better Milk Munt Bo Served.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Jan. 13.-The mem
bers of the Board of Health are a unit in
favor of raising the test rate in the present
milk ordinance. It is thought by them
that Oakland should have better milk than
San Francisco, owing to pasturage being
better and the expense of marketing the
milk being much lower on this side of the
bay. In tnat City the rate is soon to be
raised to 3 1-5 per cent. It is proposed to
make ;$ 2-5 per cent the test rate here.
Since the first raid was made about ten
days ago there has been a general advance
in the quality of the milk.
Fernvian Economic*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 18.— The Club for
Economic Inquiry holds its regular weekly
meeting to-morrow night at 8 o'clock at
Hotel Metro poie. J. Ross Marty n will ad
dress the club upon the economic system
of the Peruvians under the rule of the In
cas. Mr. Martyn is always an entertain
ing speaker a:ul so many friends have al
ready requested permission to be present
that the club have accepted the hospitality
of .Mr. Breer, where arrangements will be
made to receive all visitors in the study of
econ mlcs.
1 ' " -■—■ I>led Without a Doctor.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 13.— Mrs. Pauline
Schubert, residing on Ninth street, near
Dwight way, West Berkeley, was found
der.d in bed yesterday n:orning. She had
ue«Mi ill for several weeks, but had not
called a physician, and her neighbors had
been attending her.
Mrs. Schubert, it is said, had quite a de
posit in a San Francisco bank and owned
considerable property. Coroner Baldwin
will hold an inquest to determine the
cause of death.
The Water Company Victorioug.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 13. — The City
Council met to-night, and after an argu
:' ment from Attorney W. R. Davis, the reso
lution calling for "bids for supplying the
municipal departments and buildings with
water was killed. It was shown that atter
lecally fixing rates for a year the city
could not ask for bids, although it is
known that in many instances the rival
water companies are supplying private
customers with water at less than half
rates.
The New President Chosen.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 13.— D. E. Mar
tin, the capitalist, living at 1325 Harrison
street, has been chosen to succeed the late
John W. Coleman as president of the Oak
land Gas, Light and Heat Company.
Thomas Crellin and John A. Britton suc
ceed to the places of directors left vacant
by the deaths of Mr. Coleman and Mr.
Eastland. Mr. Martin has been a member
of the board of directors for some timo
past.
Bnrned to Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 13.— 0n Saturday
morning liule Gloria Guido, the five-year
old daughter of Mr. and' Mrs. Guido, who
live at 1063 East Nineteenth street, was
playing with several other children around
a bonnre, when her clothing canght fire
and she was so badly burned that she died
that evening. Coroner Baldwin held an
inquest on the remains this morning and
the jury rendered a verdict of accidental
death.
Inquest on Sirs. Hill.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 13.— The Coroner
held an inquest to-night on the death of
Mrs. Hill, who was shot by her husband on
Saturday night. Mr. Rudolph of the electric
road identified Benjamin Hill as the man
who gave himself up on the fatal street
corner and said that he had just shot his
wife. The jury returned a verdict of mur
der against him. He has engaged Tom
Bradley for counsel.
.Eligible for Policemen.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Jan. 13.— Fourteen
out of seventeen candidates passed the re
cent examination by the Poiice Commis
sion, and will go on the list as eligible for
positions. They are: John Snyder, D.
W. Marlin, George H. Yose, C. V. Wisner,
C. G. Ford, C. T. Trimble, Albert B. Mc-
Coy, A. p. Reinhardt, J. J. Jones, George
W. Baxley, George P. Sprague, H. B. Hen
derson, W. H. Reed and C. E. Ford.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alaraeda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francibco Call )
908 Broadway, Jan. 13. i
Mrs. Paulino Shubert, 5-1 years of ege, was
found de>ad in bed at her tiome, Ninth street
and Dwight way, Berkeley, yesterday morning.
Three men In a boat ordered Chris Pape to
desist fishing at Lake Chabot a few days ago.
Pape did uot heed them, whereupon they tired
three shots in his direction.
Charles H. Davls of San Francisco, who was
married in this city in Aupust. 1891, and lived
with his wife only two days, has secured a di
vorce at San Jose from Valeria S. Davis.
A mass-meeting in tho interest of social
purity was held yesterday afternoon and even
ing in the First P.aptist Church at Stockton
Mrs. Sarah C. Sanford of Oakland was the chief
speaker.
John Schwertz, who lives on Seventh street
near Jefferson, was committed to an asylum
to-day. He has been suffering from nervous
prostration for some time and lately has be
come violent at times.
Some of the young ladies of Golden Gate are
endeavoring to start an athletic club for voting
ladies and girls. It they succeed it will be
called the Golden Gate Athletic Club. They
also speak of organizing & whist club.
Charles J. Ellis of Sacramento applied to-day
for letters of administration upon the estate of
his father, Charles Ellis, who died in Oakland
last Thursday. The eßtate consists of a lot in
East Oakland and personal property, all valued
at $3000.
During the past year there was about 42,000
tons of salt manufactured and about (SOOO
worth of improvements placed in the salt
works. The laborers at the works, however,
receive only $1 a day and have to pay their
board and lodging out of that sum.
The demurrer to the complaint of V. P
Buckley In a suit against Giles H. Gray for
§85,000 damages for alleged negligence in
drawing up the will of plaintiff's mother, has
been sustained by the Supreme Court. The
plaintiff claimed that by an error one-half of
the estate was left to three children of her
brother.
Mrs. Mamie Clairbourne, a colored washer
woman, was the defendant in the Police Court
to-day on two charges, one of petty larceny
end the other bßtt>-ry. The complaining wit
ness was Mrs. Dr. H. E. Bauske of Linda Vista,
\\ no claimed that the colored woman assaulted
ncr when she notified the latter to call at her
husband's office for 50 cents due her. She says
the colored woman finished up matters by ;
f-teahng a painted plaque from the wall. She
will bo tried to-morrow
MOUNT EDEN IN ARMS.
Citizens r ags Resolutions Denouncing
lhe Trustee and Favoring the
Principal.
MOUNT EDEN, Cal., Jan. 13.-The citi
zens of Mount Eden have taken a hand in
the fight between Principal Rowlands and
Trustee Meininger. They resented the
charges of the Trustee that the election of
Rowlands as principal of the school was
part of a plot to ruin Meininjrer politically,
and that tne principal ibiters around
saloons.
At a mass-meeting called to discuss the
situation the following resolution was
adopted :
Resolved, That we, the citizens and taxpayers
of this district and patrons of the school- in
jnabs-meeting assembled, do declare the above
charges false and untrue, and are made by Mr
Meininwr to gratify hi, penonal spile apaii
Mr. Rowlands and to ruin his character if he
can, and are an insult to the people of this com
munity, more than nine-tenths whom sicned
a. petition requesting the Trustees to retain Mr
Rowlands a* teacher, and who we declare
would not have attached their names to that
petition had lie been guilty of loitering about
saloons; therefore, be it further
Resolved, That we declare Mr. Meininger as
School Trustee does not represent the interests
of his constituents, and request that he resien
bis o*uce. *
Kansas is a prohibition State, which
makes it odd thut a noted temperance lec
turer should be about to start on an ag
gressive tour of the State under the direc
tion of the Kansas State Temperance Asso
ciation.
THE SAN FR AM CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
LIKE DEAD SEA APPLES.
A Reform Labor Paper Can Ex
pect Nothing From Populist
Officials.
ROBERTS' RESPECTS TO DAVIE.
Shouted Loud for a Party Daily and
When It Appeared They Refused
to Recognize It.
Oakland Office Ran Fbahctsco Call,)
908 Broadway. Jan. 13. \
The Daily News has failed in its mis
sion. It came into existence just two
months ago, with a twofold purpose. It
was started on the co-operative principle
by printers who were driven out of busi
ness by typesetting machines, and it also
attempted to force from Mayor Davie
some recognition for the Populist party
for its fealty to him at the last election.
The Mayor has bean read out of the
People's party half a dozen times during
the two months' existence of the paper,
and he has frequently been charged with
ingratitude to T. J. Roberts, the ex-presi
dent of the A. R. U.
There are some very pronounced utter
ances in the last edition. It says in regard
to the Mayor and Roberts:
When the campaign opened, as before stated,
stupendous efforts were made to elect People's
party men, and In the front rank was Koborts.
His popularity (and well deserved) among his
own class, as well as other trades, was undeni
able, and was a basis o: actual strength upon
which one man in particular was eager to lean
—John L. Davie.
But few important moves were made by this
ungrateful individual then that was not at
first submitted to Roberts, not in the 6ense of a
dictator or boss, but for tlie fact that Roberts
was possessed of good reasoning faculties and
was the recognized head of an organization
whose support meant so much.
It can be asserted without fear of contradic
tion that Tom Roberts asked no emoluments
from this misnomer Mayor in the event of his
success. But gratitude was relied upon to be
the monitor which would "prick the con
science" of the aspirant.
Of what nature hag that gratitude been?
Servility to the same power that is to this day
spending time and money to keep the food of ;
life from the lips of Roberts and his eorupa- I
REV. J. H. DOUtiLAS, STATE SUPERINTENDENT OF THE WORK OF THE
QUAKER CHURCH.
[From a photograph.]
triots. Can any one in his senses deny this? \
No, it is impossible. There have been a dozen
opportuninea by which I»avie couid have
shown his gratitude, but the political coward
ice of his nature dare not doit. His masters
snap the blacksnake and fawningly aud whin
ingly the mandate is obeyed.
The valedictory contains much that is
true and present* a faithful picture of the
manner in which '"reform" dailies have
been received in Oakland. It says:
Have resolved to quietly discontinue, for the
present at least, the publication of this jour
nal, which at no time has been a paying ven
ture.but which, it was hoped, with the assist- |
ance of that element of Oakland's populace
known as "the reiormerF," would some day !
become such.
In giving up the struggle they do so with
many pangs of regret that their efforts have
been misdirected and unappreciated. The ex
perience, though bitter, has served as a lesson
which will not soon be forgotten, ft was
thought that a paper which wats not under the
thumb of organized monopoly and the rnon'-y
--lending fraternity would receive the support
of a coodly portion of this community, partic
nlarly among the leaders of the People's party;
but we have learned to our sorrow that there is
le^s sympathy in the soul of an Oakland Popu-
List office-holder than th>jre is in a Dead tea !
apple and that they do not want a reform daily j
here— at least not well enough to support and I
tncourage one after it hat been started. The '
oft-repeated chestnut, "we must haveadaily |
paper," coming from multitudinous Populist
throats, is like a tale told by an idiot, full of '
sound and fury, signifying nothing.
The printers who have worked on the News j
night and day for the past sixty days, prac
ticing the most rigid self-denial, hoping j
against hope that their efforts to do something j
for themselves and the cause of reform would !
finally command the attention of the public, !
naturally feel some bitterness toward the Pop
ulists who have been successful in getting into
office for not more libearlly supporting them— !
some have not done so at nil— but feel grateful
to those who have done what they couid to i
lighten the load, they carried, and also to those :
who have aided with their advertisements and i
subscriptions, comparatively few though they
be, many thanks are due.
The News, though not a moneymaker, has '
neither been a debt-maker, and lets go its hold
Dppn life indebted to no man.
Had there been capital behind the enterprise
to maintain it for a time at a loss the outcome
might have been different.
FROM ARMENIA.
An American Missionary at Tarsus
Writes of the Murder of Christian
Students.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call )
908 Broadway, Jan. 13. f
The feeling of resentment among resi
dents of this city toward the Turks for the
treatment accorded the Armenians durine
the past few months was cooled by the
storm this evening to such an extent that
only about 150 gathered at the First Con
gregational Church to attend the much- i
advertised meeting. The rain had been
falling steadily all day and the sky was
very threatening, which was surhcie'nt to
keep people at home.
Judge Stephen G. Nye, Rev. R. F. Coyle,
D. D., Rabbi Friealander, Mayor J L
Davie, Rev. S. S. Palmer, Rev. C. H Ho
barr. Rtv. Campbell Coyle. Rev. Dr Free
land and several others conferred together
and decided it best to postpono the meet
ing until Sunday evening, when uiass
rncetings will be arranged for East and
VV est Oakland and the central part of the
city, at which all congregations will unite.
■
Full announcements regarding place and
speakers will be announced later.
Enoch Chakurian, a native of Turkey, is
at present a student in the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary. He is a resident of Tar
sus, Asia Minor, and has been in this
country about two years. He is deeply in
terested in the Armenian massacres and
•watches every effort made to relieve the
situation. He was present and was to ad
dress the mass-meeting. It was the inten
tion to let him tell the audience of the peo
ple in Armenia, their manners, customs,
methods of living, etc.
Thomas D. Christie, president of St.
Paul's Institute at Tarsus, A3ia Minor,
writes to Enoch Chakurian as follows:
Every ludy has been in great fear of massacre
' for months past. The danger is not yet over.
You will have heard of the terrible'work in
Marash. I have tho uaineß of eighty-seven
killed. Among them is the name "of our
beloved Samuel Seferyan. How you will
mourn over him. Hut I think most of the poor
father. Samuel was shot by the soldiers in the
Theological Seminary and died that night. Is
tilion of Tashju was shot also— four bullets
through him- but it is thought he will live.
The seminary was burned. Afore than 1000—
some say 4000— Armenians fell. There has
been nothing since ?t. Bartholomew like these
days in Turkey. May God speedily put an end
to them.
"The Samuel referred to," said Chaku
rian, "is anenhew of mine. Is it any won
der that I have some feelings regarding
the matter. Oh, I am sorry it rained and
kept the people away. I would like to tell
them of some of the terrible affairs that
are being done in Armenia under the very
eyes and with the consent of the Turkish
authorities. It is time for Christian na
tions to be doing something else than
holding ma?s-nieetingß. Why don't they
send their navies there ana put a atop to
such work."
As he talked he paced up and down the
narrow room as a caged lion ready to
spring and devour his enemy.
QUAKERS NOT DAUNTED.
They Hold Well- Attended Meet
ings Despite the Heavy
Rainfall.
A Vigorous Stir to Be Made in Uni
versity Baseball Circles—Suf
fragists Mcct — Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 13.— The in
clement weather to-day had but little effect
on the progress of the Quaker church re
vival services now going on in South
Berkeley. A. W. Nayler, whose wife is
the pastor of the local society, said this
afternoon: "The rain does not hurt the
Quakers; we are not afraid of water,
though our baptism is not of water but of
the Holy Spirit." Mrs. Sarah Osmond, the
sweet singer, who has been traveling with
Evangelist Mrs. Lida Romick for several
years, and who has been somewhat indis
posed for a time, appeared last ni-rht and
to-day as leader of the song service.
Rev. J. H. Douglas, State superintendent
of the work of the Quaker church, is taking
the leading part in the exercises, having
been an evangelist for the past forty-two
years. He is known over a greater part of
the United States and in parts of Europe
as "Father Douglas." He expresses him
self as being very hopeful for the wide
spread influence of the Friends' church in
Berkeley as a result of these revivals.
V. O. Uaseball Hatters.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 13.— Baseball at
the University of California promises to
be revived this season with greater energy
than ever before.
"We intend giving the sport at Berkeley
a new lease of life," said Manager Friend
to-day. "We must beat Stanford this
year, notwithstanding the fact that they
have promised to spring some surprises on
us. And as for the affiliated colleges, we
cannot possibly afford to let them snow
us under."
On Wednesday afternoon the baseball
committee of the U. C. Athletic Associa
tion will hold a meeting for the purpose of
outlining plans for the coming season. A
schedule of games will be arranged and
' measures taken for at once putting the
I diamond into condition. The class cap
; tains will be present at this meeting as
i well as the captains of tbe two affiliated
colleges, the dental and the law, which
have teams. An advisory committee on
baseball matters will be appointed. Pro
fessor Edward B. Clapp and Instructors
Syle and Howard are the most likely men
for the committee, since they are players
on the diamond.
Suffragist* Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 13.— The Citi
zens' Suffrage Society met this afternoon
at Stiles Hall. The speaker of the oc
casion was W. H. O'Brien, manager of the
j Altrurian Colony in Sonoma County. He
I spoke at length on the topic, "Strong
Points in Woman's Suffrage and Liability
of Failure Through Woman's Non-Ac
qunintance With Political Methods."
Mrs. William Keith also read the paper
she recently prepared for the Institute of
Applied Christianity. A general dis
cussion then followed upon the great cen
tral theme of the day for women, "How
to Carry thfe State for Suffrage in Next
| Fall's Campaign."
Tho Students' Congress will soon be
asked to again debate the woman's
suffrage question, which was discussed
last term and decided in the negative.
Canrollation of the Register.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 13.— At the
meeting of the County Supervisors to-day
it was decided not to cancel the Great
Register until February 17. By this
course the local bond election will not
have to be deferred, since the election is
set for February 15.
London has 1000 firemen.
ACME READY TO SECEDE.
No Desire to Be Reconciled to
the Pacific Athletic
League.
IT WAS LONG DISSATISFIED.
The Suspension Said to Be Snap Judg
ment That Cannot Be Toler
ated.
Oakland Office San Fbakcxbco Call.)
90S Broadway, Jan. 13. j
The Acme Athletic Club is anxiously
awaiting the letter that they expect to re
ceive from President Humphreys of the
Pacific Athletic League to-morrow. In
the meantime they have almost decided to
secede from the league. They assert that
their dues are not delinquent till June of
this year and that their hasty suspension
at a meeticg when they did not have a
representative present was instigated by
jealousy and was hasty and uncalled for.
The Acme Club will be forbidden by the
league to hold its gentlemen's night to
morrow, but they have already decided to
ignore any such dictum. For a Jong time,
they say, the Pacific League has been un
satisfactory, as it is a branch of the Ameri
can Athletic Union and when protests
have been entered to races the commu
nications have been sent East and several
weeks have elapsed before matters have
been adjusted.
Manager De Witt Van Court of the
Acme Club is very pronounced in his opin
ion. He says:
We had snnp judgment taken on us because
we had no representative at the meeting at
which we were suspended, but we do not care
particularly, because it has long been an open
question among the clubs as to whether or not
we had better withdraw from the association.
No club seemed to want to take .the initiative
in forming a new association that would be
purely a coast affair. Now that it has been
forced on us, we will take the lead and form a
new association. The present association,
though local in name, is really a branch of the
tastern organization.
The general feeling is that the Pacific
Athletic Association has been altogether
too partial to the Olympic Club. Should
it be decided to form a new league the
Acme Club will be the firsc to withdraw.
The suspension has brought matters to a
crisis. Only one notice was sent to the
club about dues and since it was received
the club has not had time to take any
action in the matter.
The directors decided to-night that they
would send their dues to the league to
morrow, and will take immediate steps to
find out what clubs are willing to break
away and form a coast league.
THOMAS CRELL IN THE MAN
Will Be Elected President of the
Central Bank at To-Day's
Meeting.
Frederick Delger Will Fill the Va
cancy in the Board of
Directors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call }
908 Broadway, Jan. 13. \
At to-morrow's meeting of the directors
of the Central Bank Frederick Delger, the
capitalist, will be elected a director, and
Thomas Crellin will be elected by the
board of directors to suceed John Crellin,
who died a few weeks ago.
For some time alter the demise of the
late president a majority of the stock
holders were in favor of asking Frederick
Delger to accept the presidency. Although
consenting to goiu the board as a director,
Mr. Delger positively declined to shoulder
the responsibility that the presidency
would entail. Mr. Palmanteer, who is
vice-president and manager of the Central
Bank, precluded any possibility of being
put up as a candidate for president by
Stating at the outset that he preferred to
remain sia he is. It is known that at any
time during the past three years Mr.
Palmanteer could have had th© presidency,
but he will not express the least desire
for it.
As noon as Mr. John Crellin died the
family, who own considerable stock in the
bank, were given to understand that any
one who was favorable to them would be
acceptable to the directors. Thomas Crel
lin was suggested by some of the directors,
and the suggestion proved to be acceptable
to all but the man most concerned, but
to-day Thomas Crellin signified his will-
i ngness to succeed his brother, ana at to
morrow's meeting he will be unanimously
elected. Frederick Delger will be the new
director. The other members of the board,
comprising George C. Perkins, J. W.
Phillips, George D. Metcalf, P. K. Shat
tuck, Charles 1). Pierce, L. C. Morehouse,
W. G. Palmanteer, Thomas Crellin and
W. S. Phelan, will all be re-elected.
Thomas Crellin, the new president, is a
well-known capitalist in San Francisco and
Oakland and owns the Crellin Hotel and
other Washington-street property. He
and Mr. Morgan own the Morgan Oyster
Company, and the business of the com
pany takes up most of his time.
"There was not the least friction over
the choice of a president," said one of tiie
directors to-day. "Although Mr. Delfrer
was thought of for a time, it was only be
cause Mr. Crellin at first expressed a desire
to be simply a director. The Crellin fam
ily is a large stockholder in the Central
Bank, and the choice is unanimous."
SHOOTING AT ALAMEDA
Not Much Attention Paid to a
Law Recently Enacted
Prohibiting It.
The Engagement of an Alameda Minis
ter Announced— A Suit for
Damages.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 13.— The new
ordinance enacted last week by the Muni
cipal Board prohibiting the discharge of
firearms upon the marshes was disregarded
by hunters yesterday. They seemed to be
fully aware of the new law, but four of
them were out on Bay Farm Island keep
ing up a fusillade all day. Special Officer
McDonell, appointed to see that the law is
not violated, informed them they were In
frineing the law, but they bluffed him off
by threatening to break a gun-barrel over
his head. The marauders who visit the
Alarneda marshes are the worst kind of
amateur hunters, who get hold of a gun
and strike out into the country, but being
unskilled in the pursuit of game turn their
attention to mischief and lawlessness, fre
quently endangering life.
Ejected From a Car.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 13.— A curious
suit has been brought against the Ala
meda, Oakland and Pieamont Electric
Railroad Company by Harry C. Rosseter,
through his father, George R. Rosseter, to
recover damages in the sum of $299 99.
For cause of action complainant alleges
that on December 23 the defendant sold
him a celluloid check that purported to
be good for one fare on the road of defend
ant. On December 24 he presented the
said check, when it was refused for fare,
and the holder ejected irom the car on bis
.refusing to pay his fare otherwise. The
trouble was occasioned by a rule adopted
by the company to reject all checks that
were mutilated by punching or otherwise.
Tne check offered by young Rosseter was
so mutilated, The outcome of the litiga
tion will be awaited with considerable in
terest.
Engagement Announced.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 13.— The engage
ment is announced of Rev. Henry Victor
Morgan, minister of the First Christian
Church, to Miss Christine Rhodes of Hon
olulu. The young minister has been set
tled in Alameda Jess than four months.
The bride-to-be has been visiting her
brother, H. G. Rhodes of Encinal avenue.
\J he meeting of the two in Alameda rap
idly ripened into an engagement, and new
there is going to be a wedding. The time
is not set yet, but it is expected the cere
mony will be performed within the month.
Before coming to Alameda the Rev. Mr.
Morgan was stationed a year at Pacific
Grove, and built a church there. He is
shortly to build a church in Alameda.
Enforcing an Ordinance.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 13.— Recently the
Board of City Trustees enacted an ordi
nance which makes it a misdemeanor to
maintain vegetable gardens within cer
tain limits, which generally included the
more populous central portions ofAhe city.
A number of vacant lots within the pro
scribed territory had been leased by Chi
nese gardeners and were being plowed and
prepared for seed. The object was to pre
vent the increase of vegetable gardening
within the residence districts and grad
ually to eliminate it. The gardeners paid
slight attention to the law," however, and
have gone on with their work. Now there
is a likelihood of warrants being taken out
for the arrest of infractors of the ln.w, and
a test case of the ordinance will soon be
had.
ASSESSORS TO REGISTER
County Clerks Are Relieved of
a Large Share of Official
Responsibility.
The Assessor's Office Must Do Half
the Work of Getting Out a
Great Register.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broaaway, Jan. 13. )
District Attorney fenook rendered an
opinion to the Supervisors that was a gen
uine surprise to that body, to County Clerk
Jordan Rnd especially to Assessor Dalton.
Up to thi3 time the Assessor ha 3 not
taken any part in preparing the Great
Register. It has always been done by the
Dlstriet Attorney Snook of Alameda
County, Who Has Come to County
Clerk Jordan's Relief.
County Clerk with funds furnished by the
Supervisors. The last Legislature passed
a law forbidding Supervisors providing
a fund for such purposes, and when this
was called to their attention, a few days
trno, the District Attorney was asked to
clearly define the duties of the County
Clerk in the premises.
Mr. Snook has decided that voters can
register either with the Assessor or with the
County Clerk. This decision afferts every
county in the State. The opinion of the
District Attorney is very lengthy. The
following summary with which it con
cludes clearly explains the position:
It will thus be seen that the Clerk's duties
are :
First— To keep a Great Register.
Second— To make entries thereon in accord
ance with the law above quoted upon such
showing and proof that would be sufficient to
establish the facts necessary to be inserted in
the Great Register, and that it is not necessary
for the Clerk to send to the voter to obtain a
registration affidavit, but vhat the voter must
apply to the Clerk or the Assessor with such
proof as may entitle the elector to have his
Hume enrolled on the Great Register.
I am aware of the fact that heretofore the
Assessor in this county has taken little part in
the registration of the voters of the city, but
that such is hla duty is plain by a review ot"
the above provisions o£ the law. The Supreme
Court, in the case of Welch vs. Williams, r-upra,
says: -'By its provisions the clerks and As
sessors ot the respective counties are author
ized to receive applications for registry," "and
the names of such applicants as appeared to be
entitled to vote were entered on the register as
received by the Clerk or as returned from
month to month by the Assessor."
I can see no good reason why the Assessor
of the county should not keep the roll of
electors as is provided for in section 1098 of
the Political Code, and would suggest that
Euc-h a course be followed in case of a new
registration of the electors f>t the county, as it
Is evident from the iact that the force of men
the Assessor now has In the field that it wouid
be a great accommodation to the electors of
the county, and relieve the office of the Clerk
from the great inconvenience attendant upon
such new registration of the voters of the
county.
The same proof is required to be shown to
the Assessor before the names of tne voters of
the county can be entered upon the roll of the
electors that is required to be shown to the
Clerk, and the same entries must be made upon
such roll of electors as is required to be made
upon the Great Register, and it is evident that
it would be a greater saving of time to the
electors and aid the Clerk very materially in
gettiug out such new register.
"This takes a great weight off my hands,"
eaid County Clerk Jordan to-night. "Mr.
Dalton and myseif will have to work hand
in hand, and in this way the heavy expense
will not all fall on me/
OVER SEVENTY THOUSAND.
The Indebtedness on the T. M. C. A.
Building Rapidly Decreasing.
At the joint meeting of the boards of
directors and trustees of the Young Men's
Christian Association neld at t.tje associa
tion building, Mason and Ellis streets,
last evening it was reported that the sub
scriptions made to the new building in
debtedness thus far amounted to over $71,
--000. The officers are greatly encouraged
in the belief that Iha entire amount will
be secured within the next few weeKs, as
the citizens are taking a deep interest in
the matter and malting substantial sub
scriptions. No subscriptions thus far
made will be binding until $100,000 are sub
scribed. Toe meeting last evening was
largely attended and a very marked inter
est manifested. K. V. Watt presided in
the absence of the president, J. J. Valen
tine, who ia out of the City. The boards
of directors and trustees will meet every
Monday night at 8 o'clock untii the can
vass is completed and the entire amount
of the indebtedness on the association
building is wiped out, which from present
indications seems to be near at hand.
MRS. HASTINGS' CLAIM.
It Is Said to Be Settled and There
Will Be No Contest of the
Gibbs Will.
It is said that the claim of Mrs. Marie
Lonise Hastings acainst the estate of the
late George W. Gibb3 has been settled ami
cably and that there will be no contest of
the will. According to the statements of
Mrs. Hastings the claim was for advances
made to George \V. Gibbs many years ago,
before he had laid the foundation of his
large fortune.
Mrs. Hastings came out here from Lon
don two ytars ago, and it is said that she
had been negotiating with Mr. Gibba for a
settlement, but this was stopped by his
death. Mr. Gibbs in his will made no pro
vision for any one except his wife and
the children of Mrs. Hastings. A suit
was threatened shortly after his death by
Mrs. Hastings through her attorney, 11.
Porter Aslie, but as it was never begun it
is presumed that terms were offered by the
heirs uj^on a statement to them of the
claims of Mrs. Hastings.
AUCTION SALES.
Alp!
THURSDAY,
THURSDAY JANUARY 16, 1896,
AT 12 M., BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
-A.t Salesroom,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.,
We Will Sell by Order of
HON. ADOLPH SUTRO,
MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO,
That portion of Jliss'on block 48 bounded by 15th,
16th, Harrison and Folsnm, belonging :o tbe City,
fronting about 61-S feer on 16th and l'J.'lf^et on Har-
rison; depths irregular; diagrams al ourollice: 10
perceal of purchase price to be paid to the auc-
tioneer: remainder on acceptance "T bid by Mayor
Sutro, who reserves tlie right to reject any and all
bids-
UNDER PRIVATE ORDERS.
Brannan and Bluxome Street Lots.
100x120— S. line of Brannan St., 200 feet W. of
4th: also
60x120->\ line of Bluxome St., 250 W. of 4th.
To be sold as a whole or in lots.
Rent* 8184 ; Folsom, Shotwell and 17th,
245x140— Asa whole or In lots— Entire N*. front
of 17th, bet. Folsom and SbOtwell, frontlns 140 on
Folttom and Shotwell. with funlc factory leased at
$140 to beptember, 1897, and 4 cottages oa Fol-
som at.
Cor. Stockton and Clay; Rent 9197.
59:8x63:9— 5E. cor. Clay and Stockton sts.
65:10x63:9— E. line of Stockton; 81:8 S, of
Clay: the whole covered by Chinese stores and
dwellings, paying at greatly reduced rents $187
per month.
Page, near Market ; Rents 576.
27:6x120—117-119 Page and 126-126y 9 Rose
avo., W. of Gough; li/!j blocks from Market; mod-
ern improvements; rents reduced from $120.
Sacramento-St. Cor* Cheap; Rent 916.
30x46—929 Sacramento; SW. cor. of Prospect
place, above Stockton; both streets accepted.
Natoma, bet. 3d and New Montgomery.
20x70— 140 Natoma; front and rear bouse; rent
$30; sure to increase in value.
BE. Cor. California and 21st Are.
67:6x100— A fine corner; superb marine view;
equally desirable location for business or dwell-
ings.
22d, Residence, Near Guerrero.
25x114—741 22d; 7 rooms and bath; the house
is In need of repairs, but with a moderate outlay
can be made to rent for $30.
17th, near Howard; Rent 949.
25x100-214 37th, bet. Howard and Capp; renW
$49: laundry pays $35 und has lease.
Noe and Henry Street Lot.
5:5x80 each— 2 lots E. line of Noe, running 25
feet S. of Henry; 1 biock from Market.
25x75—8. line of Henry, 80 feet K. of Noe; 1
block irom Market.
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY JANUARY 21, 1896
At 12 o'clock Nook
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
A GRAND PIECE OF BUSIMESS
PROPERTY.
North Live of Golden Gate Avenue.
137:6 Fcnt West of Leavenworth St.
This large piece of splendid business property is
on the north line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6
feet west of Leavenworth street, only two blocks
irom Market street and one block from the City
Hail, Hibernla Savings Bank and the Murphy
bulldinsr. Improvements, four residences. This la
a magnificent piece of property to improve with a
building for public or society hails, or modern
.trench flats with stores below. Improvements of
■act) character would pay largely on the invest-
ment. Car accommodation in every direction.
Goluen Gat> avenue bltuminized. Large lot. 606
x 137:6 feet, with large h in the rear, 22x54:6 feet.
For diagram of the property see catalogue.
Terms: Cash in gold coin of the United
States: 10 per cent at time of sale to thereteree;
balance on confirmation of sale by the Superior
Court. Deed at purchaser's expense. Second in-
stallment of taxes :i>r fiscal year 1895 and 189G to
be paid by the buyer. Benta to be adjusted be-
tween buyer and seller when the deed is passed.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY
South Side (No. 411) of Post. 115:4 Feet
West of Powell Street.
This handsome piece of downtown business prop-
erty i 3 in the very center of our business dls:ric:,
iitiil its future high rank as rental property is be-
yond controversy. Examine this for an' invest-
ment. Ktnts $t>l 60. Lot 22:2x61 feet.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
SW. Corner linker and Grove Streets.
This elegant improved corner comprises three
Very handsome bay-windowed residences of ten
rooms and bath each. Nos. 4p,1. 423 and 425 Ba-
kar street. Modern improvements; elegant stir-
roundiiigs. Kents $15U per month. Only two
blocks from Golden Gate Park, and on the »reat
driveway to same, choicest residence location in
the city. Electric and cable cars. Large corner
lot, 62:6x100 feet.
ELEGANT IN VESTMEN T-MISSION.
SE. Corner of Capp and Adalr Sts., bet.
15th and 16th, Howard and Mission.
This handsome bay-windowed modern property
consists of store and three Fnmch flats of seven
■ix and four rooms and bath. Electric appliances,'
etc. Produripga rental of $91 per month. Basal'
blocks in street; cement stone walk. Electric and
cable cars. Corner lot, 25x75 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North Line (No. 1930) of Piue. 22:11 feet
East of LngrniH Street.
Pretty bay-windon-ed residence of eight rooms
and bath. California, Sacramento and Sutter street
cables. Kxamino this fora home. Must be sold
Lot 22:11x91:8 feet.
CASTRO HEIGHTS-COTTAGE.
South Side (No. 533) of Jersey, 160 feet
East of Diamond Street.
Pretty cottage of four rooms and bath ; bay-win-
dowed : brick foundation; pleasant surroundings-
Twenty- fourth electric anil Castro-street cable'
Lot 26:8x114 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market street. Auctioneers*
1314
SEINING RUSSIAN RIVER.
How Deputy Fish Commissioners
Captured Nets and
Salmon.
THE LOOKOUT WAS SLEEPING.
Sport Enjoyed by Anglers Who Caught
Salmon and Steelheads on
Sunday.
"Well, T have had many exciting experi
ence? in what you are pleased to term
midwinter angling, but I can assure you
that this is by far the most propitious win
ter for iishin^ I have ever enjoyed," said
John Butler last evening on his return
from the Russian River.
■'This is my second trip to this beautiful
fishine stream," continued Mr. Butler,
"and I must say that I have had excellent
sport and enjoyed the the trip immensely.
"My companions were: Judge Evans,
Join', tialla-'her, the Oakland capitalists;
Mr. McFarland, F. H. Wheelan and M. L.
. We had good sport and returned
after one and a haif days" tishing with fif
teen r-toe. heads, the average weight of
which was twelve pounds.
"I have caught salmon weighing as
high as forty pounds in the bay of Santa
bnt for real good sport uive me a
Kussian River steelhead at all times and
at all seasons.
"When you hook a salmon in the bay of
Monterey you can count upon one good
run and then the jig is up, as the fish will
instantly sulk and remain stationary until
i; is almost drowned. The excitement at
tending the >p(.'rt of deep-sea fishing for
salmon is in the landing of your prize
only, as many of the fish break away when
they are within jzatiing distance of the
■
"The =teeliiead is altogether a different
fish and any | erson who lias had a trial of
the two kii:il> of fishing will tell you that
fur good ?i>ort the steelhead of "the Rus-
: ;i\t:-r will easily discount any salmon
tnat has ever been captured by an angler
i:; the deep blue sea.
•Now, as an illustration 1 will cive you
:i ( mparisou. Last year 1 landed a
salmon of ~2'< pound- weight in the bay of
Santa Cruz in twenty minutes, and my
ng outfit consisted of a rod which
was nine ounces in weight and a reel
which contained 125 yard.* of line. <>n
Sunday Last 1 landed a steelhead from the
Russian River which scaled fifteen
pounds. The rod I used weighed nine
ounces and my reel contained iiinety-Mve
yards of line. It took me exactly thirty
minutes to conquer this game fish, and
•junng the struggle it ran out every inch
of my line four different times ami w.is
constantly leaping om of the water in its
frantic effort to fiee itself from the hook, i
"I never had such a game fish on a line,
and 1 can say without the least offense
to any of my ,->anta Cruz friends that as a
frame lish the steelhead of the Russian
River is far superior to any salmon that
ever swam in Monterey Bay;" and if there
should be among my piscatorial acquaint
ances any doubtful Waitonians, I recom
mend them to Russian River, where they
will be given an opportunity to judge the
trutli of my statement."
In iast Saturday's sporting department
of The Call a letter appeared from a man
named Penny, hailing from Duncans
Mills, relative to the negligence of certain
deputies of the Fish Commission, whom
he had aicused of angling for steelhead?
instead of looking out for the interest of
the commission.
Among the deputies this man Penny
Darned as being particularly negligent in
their duty were AJ Wilson and M. L. Cross.
It now appears that this man Penny is
at the head of a band of net-fishermen
who are employed to seine the Russian
River under cover of night, as the catch
ing of steelheaus with nets is illegal.
Wilson ana Cross stole a march on
Penny's army about six weeks ago and
captured two nets, since which time Penny
has had a man stationed near the netting
grounds with instructions to watch out
lor the deputies and to give warning by
• ither gunshot report or the blowing 01 a
horn when any suspicious characters put
in an appearance. Several times the dep
uties were thwarted in their attempts to
reach the place where the transgressors of
the law were engaged in illegal fishing by
the warning signals, but they persisted in
their efforts, nevertheless, and on last
Thursday night the deputies managed to
pass the tentry unnoticed and sculled
down upon the netters, who made good
their escape under cover of darkness.
Two new net-, valued at $l">0, were cap
tured and forwarded to Santa Rosa, which
is the county seat, iast Friday, but up to
the present time Mr. Penny has not made
any demand for h:s property.
The nets were taken within gunshot
range of Penny's dwelling, and it is pre
sumed that as "the law does not permit the
capture of steelheads by means of seining,
Mr. Penny will now turn his attention to
some other means of procuring a liveli
hood until such time as he can lawfully
pursue a calling which he has followed for
years to the detriment of the people who
reside near the river.
Fish Commissioners Murdork and Em
eric visited Santa Cruz last Sunday and
caught several salmon by means of" troll
ing. Those expert fly-casters are profuse
in their statements of the royal sport they
enjoyed.
DISPUTED DIVIDENDS.
The Heydenfeldt Executors Sue for
Money in Bank.
Charles Ashton and Julius Jacobs, exec
utors of the will of Solomon A. Heyden
feldt, deceased, have brought suit against
the Zeila Mining Company to secure pos
session of certain dividends paid b}- the
mine in the last year.
When Solomon Heydenfeldt died he
owned 4674. H1 shares of the mine, and
under the decree of distribution of the
Superior Court these were distributed to
Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt. Soon after sue
transferred the shares to her daughter,
Sunshine O. Heydenfeldt. The five divi
dends which the executors wish to secure
to the estate were held in the bank by
or<!er of tue executors, for the Supreme
Court soon after the estate was di ;tnbnted
under order of the Superior Court has
modified the judgment, and the executors
found it necessary to gather the dis
tributed estate in again.
■ The complaint alleges that Sunshine 0.
Ikyiienfeldt a short time ago brought
sun to recover the amount of the five dtvi
riends, and that the mining company al
lowed judgment to be taken against it
thereby allowing Sunshine Heydenfeldt to
get possession of the money. Tliere wa<^
then about $3387.
This suit, ihe complaint charges, was
< oi!u.~ive, and the court is asked to declare
i lie judgment of no effect and place the
disputed dividends in the hands of the
plaintiff executors.
A HflicariiiK for ih«! Valley Road.
E. Y. Preston, head of the law department of
ihe Valley road, is preparing a petition for a
rehearing of the application denied on Satur
day by the Bopreme Court, for a writ of man
date compelling tho Fresno authorities to grant
the road a franchise through that city. Mr.
Preston Ftated that the case presented 10 the
court before was v priina facie case onJy, but
that in the petition for a rehearinz lie would
present the ca^" fully and argue it in his 1 riei
so as to cover all possible points. The petition
wiii be presented sonic lime before the end of
the week. .-..::
TEE STOCK MARKET.
btocks declined all day yesterday, as will be seen
j by the list of sales below, and trading fell off con
siderably. The heaviest decline was in Occidental,
j from $1 20 to 90c. The gain in the morning was
| all lost and more, too, later on In the day.
XOTKS.
Alta and Justice are each assessed 10c.
The Chollar and Mexican delinquent sales take
place to-day.
At the annual election of the San Francisco
Stock Exchange yesterday the following ollicers
were elected: President, A. G. Gurnett; vice-presi
dent, K. I*. Barrett; chairman, O. V. Walker: sec- j
retary, Fred W. iladley. and treasurer, George T.
Marye Jr.
Mining assessments falling delinquent in Janu
i ary amounted to $57,320, of which Nevala mines
| want $62,320. ror the same month last year
: $151,100 was ca'leo for by ten mines.
The following naditiona'l reports from the Com
stock have been received:
In the op ir mine on the 1000 level the north
drift from the shaft station is out '-'tio feet and the
south drift 284 feet. The faces of both drifts are
in a porphyry formation carry. ng clay separations. !
In the eiitra! tunnel workings of the Cphlr the !
I north drift from the bot om of the winze on the |
250 levoi is in 123 feet. The face Is in quartz as- j
saying fl aud $7 per ton. The west crosscut 66 !
f.>et above the tunnel level is passing through
broken ground showing qu.trtz assaying $3 to $4
per ton.
In the Hale A Norcross mine the ore streak In
| No. 1 upraise above the 975 level continues to
preserve iis width and good quality, while in No.
2 upraise th- streak is a little wider, and also of
e\ce lent grade. There is no change In No. 3 up
raise. The yield of ore tor the week was 28 car
loads, assaying $33 91 in gold ana 46 6-10 ouu.es !
i of silver per ton. j
In the Alpha Consolidated mine the west cross- 1
cut from the southwest drift 50 feet from the main
west crosscut is in 3H feet. The face is in porphyry,
clay and quartz. The north drift from the main
west crosscut is in 45 feet. The face is in porphyry j
and low-grade quartz.
In the Chollar mines during the past week they j
saved 68 tons of ore from streaks and bunches on j
the second, third, lourth and seventh floors of the j
stope above the 4f>o-level. This ore was shipped j
to the Nevada mill. The average hatterv assay
was $38 19 per ton.
In the Potosi mine during the week they ex
tracted 215 tons of ore from the stope above the I
550 level and Bhipped the same to the Nevada mill. j
The average battery assay was $32 11 per ton.
They shipped to San Francisco two bars of bullion '
valued at $7372 51, being the December clean-up, j
BntiNswicK ILodx Work — Shaft 1 on Ha'e<fc
Noreross ground near the Chollar nor'h boundary j
has been .sunk six feet on the incline through
porphyry, clay and quariz giving tow assays; total
depl h, 300 fret. At a point about ten feet from the
bouom of this shaft at a vertical depth of 200 feet
they have started to cut out station preparatory
to starling an east crosscut. Shaft 2 on the
boundary of Con. Cal. it Viu and Best it Belcher
has been sunk eight feet on the incline through
hard porphyry; total depth. 200 feet. The Gouid .'_•
Curry tunnel in Savage ground has been extenued
twen y five feet through porphyry and quartz; i
total length from mouth of tunnel, 487 feet. j
In the Occidental Con. mine, according to the ]
official leu r lor the pasi week, the west crosscut '
on the 550 level is of soft porphyry, un the 630 j
level the north drift from the southwest crosscut i
is n porphyry. The upraise from this drif: is up
105 feet and the top is In s4o ore. On the 7.'>o level
the west crosscut was extended five feet: total
length, ninety-two ft<?:. The formation is hard
porphyry. The reports from the other mines show
no new developments of importance.
15OAKU SALES.
Folio were the sale 3 la the San Francisco
Stoi-K Board yesterday:
Kicstn ABMoavrN > rn\(\f«:\-ft\-i atl: 30. |
100 Alnna 2SSOOH<S N.. 1.45 500;>hir....1.55
100 Andes 261500 Justice. .. .04 500 Savage.. ..32
100 Bullion. 200 Kentuck..()6 50 31
100 Challuge..3':loo Mexicn...7.> 100 S Nev 61 :
1000 Ch011ar. .77:260 0ccidt1.. 1.20600 I'mon C..48 I
100 78300 1.15J100 L;aii 06 i
i00c0.tv.. 2.65:300 1.10)560 YJac*ei..4s
800 GAC 55! I
aitfrnoov session- ~'»:Tl.
100 Alpha 26,500 Ch011ar. ... 72'400 Ophir.... 1.45
100 Alta OS7OO 100 Poiosi.. .55
100 Andes 22|400 ( CV 2.551200 54
200 8e1cner....28 100 C P0int... 22;650 63
200 800 G & C 54i'.'00 Savage... .30
600 lUv 8... .951200 H.&N... 1.40 200 Seg 8e1.... 10 i
100 Bodie 40300 1.351650 S Nev 52
200 4L' 650 Mexican. .64ilOO Union C... 44
:iOO ... 41 00 Occidtl..l.bO|tOO 43
1000 8u11i0n. .17 300 9M500 V JacKt...44
100 Challn?...2S 50 9(j|
Following were the sales in tho Paclflc: Stocle
Board yesterday :
BKor>r,\>* «=ii;s«irov — TI:TV
400 A1pha..... 27200 Conn.. ..1.15|1050 00c1d..1.10
300 26 1100 Con lui..O'J'oO(J Ophir.. .1.60 !
600 Alta 10 1100 03 300 1.57V2 I
4UO o^soo C NY 06400 ... 1.66 '
600 Andes 400 C P0int. ...251800 0vrmn....20 |
600 8e1cher....30i300 Exchqr ...08900 Poiost 59
400 8A8.1.021/"900 G & C 55 200 .. 58
800 1.0.", 300 &4 1500 Savage...^3
500 99300 561C00 32
800 98400 H<tN ...1.45 2900 31
300 Bodie 41 800 L42W500 Scorplon..o2
100 42 300 I.4UBooSßcfeM...ll !
tH'O 8u11i0n....18 StJO Julia 02 300 SNev.. 60 I
500Caleda 09 800 Justice... .04 400 67
MM) Cha11ge....30 600 Kemck....O6 1000 Hi 11 ..02 j
400 Chouar. ...BO 1000 L Wasn..o-2 500 Union C...48
600 79 1200 Mexlcan6S4OO 46 I
400 78X00 67,800 Utah 06 j
300 77 lHOOOccid. .l.ls V JacKet..46
200 CC*V... 2.65 300 1V 8 200 46
150 25/a 1 '°l j
AFTERNOON PKSSIOX— 2 :HO.
400 Alpha 26 500 Ca1eda....09 400 Occidtl. ..92
700 25 15U Contl ....ll/ 8 700 91
200 Alta '. .09*000 C 1mp.. .02:300 Ophir. i> .>
600 0-:800CN V OtiOOO 1.47^
300 Andes 'J5 400 C P0int... 25 300 1.4 a
200 22 300 200 1.42 V,
500 Belcner...3Olooo Exchqr..Oß 600 Ovtrmn
300 28SOOG<tC 561200 . 19
900 B<t B 800 55800 Potosi 67
400 95 400 54 1200 Savage. .30
200 Bodie 4"8 WJKfcX ...1.40 600 .. .. "9
300 Bullion. ...17 *00 JS3BOO. ... "8
200 8u1wer....1l 51)0 Julia 62 600 Scorpion .03
950 Challnge..: l;,oo Justice.. ..Oj.loo 8 Nev.... 55
300 29 iOO Keutuck..O7 400 s Hi 11.... 02
ICOO Chollar.. L Wash.. .Oß 100 Union ....44
600 600 Mexican..644OO .. . 43
800 70100 65 500 Utah 06
50 CCV..2.571/2 300 63 800 YJackei.,4s
900 2.u,->,500 Mono 0/400 44
300 2.501100 Occidtll.os 800 .'..'*3
.00 2.47' i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. 13-4 P. m.
■£"'•-'••■'" Bi-t. Asked.
Alpha Con 23 25' Jackson.... , — 40
Aim 06 08 Julia 01 03
Andes.'. 22 23 Justice 02 04
Belcher 25 27 Kentucrc .06 07
Best <t Belcher. 93 95' Lady Waan.... 01 0°
lientoncon.... — 40!-Mexicau 63 64
Bodie 40 42 Mt. Diablo 15 20
bullion 16 17jMono 06 07
llnlwer _ 10 ll|NevadaUueeo. 04 06
Caledonia 08 10 Occidental 91 92
Challenge (Jon. 27 29 Ophir 1.40 1.45
Chollar 70 71! Overman 19 2'J
Con. Ca!.i Va. 2.45 2.5!> ! I'otosi. 1 53 54
: Con. lmoenai. 02 03|!savace 27 28
Confidence 1.10 1.1 s>efr. Belcher... 10 11
Con.New YorK. — 06>ierra Nevaa*. 60 62
Crown Point... 23 24|Scorpion l>3 _
EastSierraNe* — 04 Silver Hill 01 03
Exchequer..... 07 08 Silver Kins.... 20 —
Eureka C0n.... — 2.j Syndicate.. .... o'2 —
liould <t Curry. 53 u-l! Union Coa 41 40
Uale<t N0rcw.1.35 1.40 Utah 114 .06
lowa 02 04| Yellow Jacks;. 43 _
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Jan. 18 2 p. h.
rNIIEI) STATES BOVDS.
£iri. Atktd.\ Bid. Asked.
VB 4s c0up.. 107 — |U K4s reg...lO7y a —
MIHCM.HNF.orS BISDI.
Cal-stCbless.lO»%lloi4Do. 2d las 6s. — —
CalElecL6s.lotJ - , PAORy6s.IO7 —
CntraC\Vss. — 100 IH&Ch UvGs.lo-' —
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 85 Pwl-st.RR6s- — 11614
EdsnLiP 63.106 107 Reno. WL&L - 103
F&CHRR6S. 105V2 — RiverWCo6s — 100
Gearv-stßos. 108V8l05y 8 SactoP <fc L. . 100 1023^
LosAneL6s. — 101 'SF&NPRRSs 10014101
Do,Gnted.6s. — lOli/abPßßArizes 94' 96
Alkt-stCble6sl2o 122 ]ISPP.RCaI6s..IIO —
lX>Kv<o;iss..lo73/ 8 10»i/ 2^l J KKCaISs.. - 971 A
NevCNgßßs. — 100 SPBrRCal6s. — 971/0
NPCRR6S.IO3V3 - SVWater6s..l2H,il22
NRy Cal 6s.lOOV a — BVWater4s._ — «9
NRy Cal ss. — 103 StklnG&E6» — 103
Oak Gas 55.. 104 V2 — KunstT&T6s. — 100
I>o. 2d 15555.104V 2 — Sutter-stßss. — 110
Omnibus 65.. VisallaWCGi — 92
PacßoUM6s.. - - j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. — 4 6 1/2' San J05e..... 78Va »6
MarinCo..... 49 65 |SprlngValley 97 Va 873/ 8
GAS STOCKS.
Capital — 40 (Pacific Light. 45 48
Central 95 — San 1 rancsco 71V4i 72
OakGL&IL 51 51 14 Stockton. .... — lv,
PacGaslmp. 7«i,4 79^4
ISBUBa.NCR STOCKS.
FiremansFd.l6o — |Sun 66% —
CO»fMKBCrAL BANK KTf>CK"«.
Amerß&TC. — — |LondonP<fcA.l273,il3o
Anglo-Cal... 69V 62 |London<fcSfc\ — 30
Bank 01 Cal.. — 233 .iMerch Ex.... Vi —
CaISDATCo.. 57 1/2 60 |Nevada.. „ — —
FirstNwlonl.l74 — ! feat her B Co.. — —
(J rangers — — I
BAVINOS BANK stock
GerSitLCo.l3so 1510 |Sav&liOan.. — 160
HumbS.fcL.looo — (Security — 2^o '
•Mutual 35 411/2 Union Trusc _ 830
KF v Union — 4SO 1
STRKKT RAILROAD ITOCK9.
California.... 105 — Oak.SLJtHay — 100
Geary-st 60 70 1-resiaio ..... 6 —
Market-5t.... 4414 445^Sutter-3t...... — —
PUK'lil.ii ST((CK4.
Atlantic D... 16 15V B Juason — —
California.... — fls Vigont. 60c 1
tiiant 17V 2 lßVa'
MI«CKI.I«\XICOUS KTOCK«-
Alnska Pkn*. 97 99 OceanlcSSCo 15 22V«
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 'l'acAuxFA.. " 1 —
CalCotMills.. — - Pac Borax .. 98 100
CalDrvDock. — _ Pac I&N Co. — 30
Edison Light. - 96 Pac Roll 31111 2'JVs —
iiusConAnsu- — — ParfPaintCo. — 7i/i
I HawC<tSCo.. 7^i 8 PacTransCo. — 25
HutchSPCo.. 158% 1 3y 8 Pac T* 'i 1 Co 60 —
Judso::Mf c. — _ SunsetTtfcT.. 40 —"■ '■■'■'
MerExAssnlOO 110 jUnltedCCo.. — 25
lf»K>i>-fi rncmrns
Board— so Pacific Oas Imp. 70 V 2.
Street— loo Harlcet-at J'.ailwav, 44W.: 100 Oak
land Gas, 51V4-
AKTERNOON' FESSIOV.
Hoard— loo Hawaiian Commercial. 7%; 100
Hutchinson S P Co, 13; $1000 B V 6% Bonds,
12iy a .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, ISCG.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco Caix—
TIO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nigbt in tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery strett,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkiri street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock. '
2513 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
110 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICK OF MEKTiMOS.
RT3?» CALII-ORNIA No. 5. a
l**= ? R. A. M., will meet THIS (TUES- «a
DAY) EVENING, January 14, at 7:30"?5;55P
o'clock. M. M. decree. By order of tlie'Vv
H. P- FRANKLIN n. DAY, Secretary.
Strap PACIFIC LODGE NoTTSti, F. AND n
i K3P A. M., 121 Eddy st., meets THIS £\
EVENING. First degree. \fV
_ GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary. rw\
j BtrSp" GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, a
; tßr - t^ F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS /6k
(TUESDAY) EVENING, Jan. 14.. at 7-30'# 2f
o'clock. D. 2. GEORGE J. HOBE, Sec. r%y\
JPS= UNITY' ENCAMPMENT" NO. 26. <% vJ»
SP-* s ' I. O. O. F., meets TO-NIGHT. in-^Vr 8
stallation of oiHcers. J\
G. J. PHILLIPS, C. P. / \
fKg=> EINTRACHT SPAR UND RAU VE-
jy Thirteenth series now open and sub-
: scriptions for shares received Monday and Tuesday
i evanincs, January 13 and 14, at the office Em■-
■ tracht Hall, 237 Twelfth st- ■ Series opened seml-
: nnnually; shares $100; monthly dues $1; pa v-
-1 days, second 1 uo.-tday aud the Monday preceoing
] No premiums charged on loans. Interest 8 per
! cent per annum, free of mortgage taxes, making
the cost of a loan for the full term less than 5 per
cent. F. H U FSCHMIDT, President.
Hkkry Gillk. Secretary.
| g^s= DUTCH MINING AND MILLING COM-
z»*-sr pany— The regular annual meeting of the !
stockholders of the DUTCH MINING _\ XI) MILL- |
ING COMPANY' wiII b^ held at the office of the !
j company, rooms Nos. 67 and 68. Stevenson build-
; ing, southwest corner California and Montgomery !
| streets. San Francisco, t'al.. on TUESDAY, the
! 21st day of January, 1896, at 2 o'clock p. m.. for
I the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
\ for the ensuing year, and for the transaction o{
I such other business as may be brought before the
I meeting.
San Francisco, January 11, 1896.
G. TRITTENBACH, President.
M. Claussenius, Secretary.
jSss= PRESIDIO AND KERRIES R. H. CO.-
«— ' The regular annual meeting of ihe stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com- |
pany will be held at the otlice of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp 1 nlace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. 11., for
I the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
: during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
; the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
i January 14, at '-' o'clock p. M.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON. Secretary,
Uffice— llll Union st., corner Sharp's place, San
Francisco, Cal.
ijt^S ANNUAL MEETING— TH E RE<*ULAR
tfc-*' annual meetinft of stockholders of the !
Ocranic Steamship Company will be held at the i
office of the company. 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on TQF.SDAV; the 21st day of
January. 1596.-at the liourof 11 o'clock a. m." for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaetio 1 of
| such other business as may come before the meet-
■ ing. Transfer books will close on Friday, Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock r. ii.
E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
S^gp* ANNUAL MEETING— ANNUAL
j itb-^s" meeting of the stockholders of the Commer-
cial Insnrance ( ompanyof California will beheld
at the otlice of the Palatine Insurance Company,
i limiied.of Manchester, England, 439 < Stdiforuia st..
• afe Deposit building, San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, the loth day of January, L 896,
a; the hour of 12 o'clock, in accordance with by- :
laws.
CHARLES A. LATON, Secretary.
Ban Francisco, December 31, 1595.
1 !Tp^3p> TO LET— HALL AND CLUB ROOMS;
; '•fr- iy eventually tolease. 3 10 O'Fr.rrell. basement.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
sr-g--' Ml-S FRANCES BKKNHAKi) 17a |
"^^ Sixth, room I— Genuine massage treatment. :
£-:"&= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $17
l**-& Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy st.. room 6. Tel. 5580.
! Sf^Sp CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, success-
j "^-^ fully treated. DR. LLOYD. Lurline Baths.
\ BjjrS 3 WINDOWS CiJOANED AND FLOORS
: »--^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
j damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO., 242 Sutter. '
; gs^g= ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP: PAPER-
j »>-< s> td S3 50 up. 8171/2 Third. George llarlinau.
apS "' CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
&-£>' Chiropodic Institute, room 9, 900 Market. j
j ftrgp ABANDONE D CHILDREN ADMITTED
j i*-**" into St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
I from July 1, 1894, until December 31, 1895: Wil-
; liam Finsterbuach 5 years, James Doran 4 years,
I Grace Doran 2 years. Johannah Moesch 4 years.
I Ed Burke 6 years, Bessie Finsterbusch 3 years,
I George Lombard 4 years.
I sf?S= NOTICE IS HEKEBY GIVEN THAT j
**-*^ the san Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy- I
lum Society has admitted to their institution rhe
following orphan and half-orphan girls and boys
from June 30, 1895, to January 1, 1896: Edith
Campbell, 7 yrs.; Caroline M. Newton. f> yrs ■ j
Myrtle Campbell, 5 yrs.: Ethel M. Moffatt, 6
\rs.: Paul Duering, '.» yrs.: George Grass, t> yrs ; !
Willie Coo s. 11 yrs.: Bishop B. Taylor. 8 yrs.: 1
Willie A. Newton, •_» yrs.: James O. Morritsbn, 4
yrs.: Frederick A. Moffatt, 6 yrs.; Carl Smith. :
12% yrs. : Edmund K. Bedford, 10 yrs.; Thomas
j Semler, 7 yrs.; Delbert D. aley, 4 yrs.
I jjf^jip MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
*-*^ 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment. .
gt^s= MRS. Wallace, 109 POWELL ST.,
"■g--^ room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment. ;
SITIATIOXS WAN'J Kl>-i\i;3IALE.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES TO DO UPSTAIRS !
V.I work and sewing; can also do millinery; refer-
ences given. G. M., box 17, CallQfllce.
ERMAN GIRL wTsHES GENERAL HOUSE
VX or upstairs work. Call at 1133 Folsom st.
I IRL. 15 YEARS, WANTS SI » UATION TO
' 1 take care child or assist housework. Call or
address 2l9 Clippers:., Cas;ro cars.
IRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO GENERAL
housework. Call 241 Seventh St., room 40.
yOii-KO GERMAN GIRL WANTS PLACE TO '•
J- do general housework; wages $15. Inquire 83 I
Everett st.
"yOUNoTLADY' WISHES POSITION as COM-
-1 panion to.lderly lady; salary not so much an
object as comfortanle home. 15. R., box 5, Call.
/ OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
VJ to do general housework; city or country;
smal waces. Address c. C. C-, box 55, Cali Office.
WOMAN WIBHEB WORK WITH GROWN
'* family; plain work and wash; Bleep*home.
Apply 2291/2 Jessie St., from Fourth.
COLOR WOMAN I s 11 1 -.s DAY'S WORK.
\J washing and ironine. or housecleanlng, or will
take washing and ironing home, or a few oilices to
clean, or will take a monthly place at $15 to .$2O;
wishes to sleep home. Address W., box 77, Call.
\\r ANTED— YOUNG Glßi, LIGHT HOUSE-
* work or tbkecare of chi'dren: wages reason-
able. Call 707 Natoma st.
IRL WISHES SITUATION to do up-
VI stairs work and sewing, care of children or
assist with housework. Call 2005 Bush st.
TTOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
-1 tion to do general housework in private family.
Apply 140 Gough St., cor. Oak. ,
CIALL OR ADDRESS AT ONCE— SITUATION
\J wanted by young woman for general house-
work; good plain cook; $1 5. 916 Howard st.
pOM*PETKNT RESPKCTABLE YOUNG GIRL,
\J neat, illine and obliging, wishes position to do
general housework; is a good plain cook; best
city references; wages $20. Call or address 630
Natoma st., between Seventh and Eighth.
pOMPETKNT AND CORRECT STE.VOGRA-
V-' pher and rapid typewriter, live years' experi-
ence, wishes position: tinest credentials; will ac-
ceDt remunerative position only. Address G. M .
box 166. Call.
pOOD PJ,AIN COOK; WILL DO WASHING
VX and general housework. Call or address 715
Howard, room 113.
A MEUICAN- SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
J\. place; light housework; small wages. 524n
Capp st.
T)EFINED, INTELLIGENT YOUNG LADY,
-I- 1 with necessary qualifications, desires position
as companion for young or elderly lady or as
Bmanuensls; best of references given. F. F., Call
Office, Oakland.
ELDERLY' AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS SIT-
■J uaiion ns good plain cook; no objection to
countr> : small wages. Please call 128y 2 Ninth.
OJ I DATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O woman: it comnetent cook; good home more
object than wages. "Call 1236 Bush st.
I.KMAN WI W ; GOES OUT BY THE DAY
V.T washing, ironing and general housework. Ap-
ply 130 Second st.
GKKM\N LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
working housekeeper. Address J., box 1, Call.
y OUNG WOMA WANTS WORK BY THE
-L day at wsshina; or house-cleaning. Apply or
address .VJ'..' St venson st. .
Tddle-aged woman WISHES situa-
tion to do housework and take care of chll-
dten. Apply 1820 Lexington aye.
GE RMAN WOMA N WISHES WORK BY THE
VJ day. or washing, ironing or housecleanlng,
Address 6641/2 Minna st.
C< )M PET INT SWKDIfiH GIRL^WISHES SIT-
\J uation in a private family. Call at 233 Califor-
nia aye.
T ADIES' N D GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
JLJ neatly and rea-sonably done. 917 Market st., !
room 21.
V'H'M; I"i;o BBTANT WOMAN WANTS A
A position as nurse to sick or insane person, do j
plain sewing, help with housekeeping: best of ref- :
erence fromlast employer. . Nurs.e. i'_"_': < >'Farrell. :
WEOIStI lililL WiSUKa siu;.ulo.\ To
O do light housework or cltnmberwork. Call or
address 5 Hodges piace, off Vaileja St., bet. San-
tove and Montgomery. .
DRESSMAKER WANTS SEWING; GOOD
• utter and fitter; reasonable: go out or take
work home. 108 Ttiylorst. .
TLTIDDLE-A«ED Vv'fDOW DESIRES A POSI- |
l.i- tion at any kind of work; good references. i
Address A. M., box 17, Call oflice.
gITfrACTOMg WANTED-Continned.
ITU ATION W A KTEITBY YOUNG ILADY
»O who has fair knowledge of dressmaking: can
cut, nt and make the latest style sKirts; for board
and room ana small salary. Call or aiidre.-s 502
lost st.
XpXPERIENCED EASTERN DESIGNER AND
XJ dressmaker wishes w ork by the day in families;
exquisite fitting. Modlsie. box 21, Call Office.
Y OUNG WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS HOUSE-
x keeper; is a good cook. Call at 28 Seventh st.,
room 36.
\ y A N T E D— POSITIONS IN ONE FAM ILY BY
'» two Eastern girls: one as working hou»ek?ep-
er and one a: waiting and chamberwork. Address
Eastern, box 11, Call Office.
ANT ED — POSITION AS WORKING
11 housekeeper: private or hotel; or wouid go In-
to business with reliable party. Address MRS. E.
R.WAGENKR^Ukiah, Cal.
T r OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
a as hoiisekceper. 203 Powell St., room 5.
rDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POBI-
-11 tion in lodging-house or small family. Apply
2C2i 2 Turk st.
\\ ' INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market; 200 rooms: 25c to *1 50 per night;
f 1 50 to $6 per wpek ; convenient and reai«ctable;
iree bus to ami from he ferry.
SITUATIONS WA.TKIj-JlALli.
T> C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; AXI.
X .branches: short notice. 14 ( eari-. ;te!.Grant 46.
TTUNTKR & Co., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
XX cse employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento; tel. 231.
pUI.VEsE ANITjAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J Office; best help. 414y 3 O'Farrell: tel. E. 426.
BAKER, F I Rs T-( •LA SS ON BREAD AND
cake, wants situation. Address Baker, box
pOACHMAN. AGE 25, Al REFERENCE
\J irnin present employer. Address S., box 61,
this office.
DA RTESTDER, YOUNG MAN; WELL AC-
quainted south of Market. Address P. W.,
boa 19, this office.
\\T ANTED, BY" A YOUXG MAN, SITUATION
" »s under bartender; willing to work and make
himself enerally useful; wages not so much an
object as a permanent place. Address ST. J., box
71, this office.
"DELIABLE YOUNG man. age 27, WANTS
11 a situation as watchman; best of references.
Address W. M., box 47. Call.
DESPECTABLE BOY, 18 YEARS OLD,
1 1 wants to leiirn a good trade. Address G. T.,
box 111, Call Office.
S~ ITUATIOX- WA T E D BY A FIRST-CLASR
kJ nurse. Address 126 Thirteenth St., care pastor
of the Swedish M. E. church.
! OITUATION wanted— "gcTod general
O blacksmith (married), rood shoer and jobber;
city or country. Address Blacksmith, 110 Sanchez.
"I ELI ABLE BOY, 16 YEARS OF AGE.
Xt wishes a situai lon as office boy or ran a print-
Ins press; has bad some experience; resides with
parenta.lt Call or address 647 Howard st.
W ANTED— PO^ITIOXTO DO HOUBECLEAN-
-11 in;; or as janitor; can repair, such ns kulsomin-
Ing, plastering or palutlng: business strictly at-
tended to; reference. Address TOBIAS BUTLER,
»',7 Harrison st.
] ) i-LIABI.E AMERICAN OF MIDDLE AGE,
XV. who has done a large variety of work, wishes
employment rrot exceeding 6 hours dnily, with
hoard and perhaps additional wages proportional
to amo;int 01 work ; is an inventor and will use the
resi of daylight m s udy and drawing mostly, but
could be called in case of emergency; no liquors or
tobacco: ref relics. Address F., box 29, this office.
WANTED— ORK BY YuUXG SWEDE; IS
! •I an all-round carpenter and horsemen: also
farm and garden work. Please iress Y. 3., box
83, Call Office.
p OACHMAN OR MA N ABOUT PLACE;
VJ thorouzhly understands the care and driving
of horses: good gardener and milker; handy with
tools: best of references. Address A. S., box 119.
Call Office.
p ERM N BOY OF 16 WISHES TO DRIVE A
; VJ butcher waKon or do any kind of work. Ad-
dresß C. \v.. Call Branch Office, 116 Ninth st.
t'il:-l-i LASB COOK (GERMAN), SPEAKING
x good English, wants situation: country pre-
ferred; bakes good bread; references given. Ad-
dress 1301 Santa Clara aye., Alameda.
MA N AND W I E ANT WORK ON A PRl-
vate place or ranch: woman cook; man
understands horses and farming; handy round
place; hes: of references. 973 Washington st..
Oakland.
OITUATION WANTED AS CLERK, DRIVER
0 or porter; five years' experience in this city;
references furnished if required. Address E. li.,
box 86, Call office.
VO Ni; MAN WANTS A SITUATION IN A
X bakery as helper; some experience. Apoly 38
Merritt st., between Seventeenth and Eighteenth,
Hattieand Denver.
VroUNG MAN DESIRES WORK OF ANY
x kindJ experienced in handling horses: has
worked in box-factory, or will do porter work.
J. D., box 21, Call Office.
SI T U ATIO X WANTED — AS MAN ABOUT
> place; city nr country: wages $20 per month.
Address W., box 16, Call Office.
XTOUNG GEBM A N WA NTS PLACE AT GEN-
x tleman's residence: understands the -care of
horses and chickens: can do warden work: willing
to work. Call or address 102 ollingwood st.
CTEADY, RELIABLE YOU NG MAX WANTS
1 a situation as porter in wholesale house. A>l-
-dress L. c. box 127, Call OfliCc.
pE R M ANTaO D~ SO, HA B DRIVEN MILK-
VJ wagon for 6 years In the city, wishes position
of any kind; references imd security. Address A.
X., box 54, Call.
OITUATION WANTED B^Y COMPETENT
O gardener to do general gardening work and
make himself useful atound place. Address G. G..
box 156, Call iflice.
I^XPERIENCED MIXING ENGTNEER DE-
-1 ' sires a position ai manager, foreman'or ass»>er
of a quartz mine. Address J., box 59, Call Office.
PAINTER AND PA PKR-H ANGER wish
x work by Che day or contract. Can or address
128 Oak st.; pesl of city references.
I APANESE COUPLE WANTS A SITUATION;
♦ ' man first class cook: wife wait on table and
general houstnvorker; good reference. Adaress
s. 11., 1307 Larkin st.
pOLORED MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
\j porter, wniter. watchman or any other kind of
work. Call or address 619 Ellis s:., in rear.
j'<) xurserTymen AND ORCHABDISTS—
I Newly arrived experienced nurseryman wishes
to get employment; willins to start with low
wages. Address, ill writing. M. P., box 21, Call.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
VTURsi AND SEAMSTRESS, »20. 2 CHTL-
J-> dren, 4 and 6 years old: 2 second pirls. $15
and $20; German and French nursery governess,
$25: 20 housework girls, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st.
SWEDISH xioi'SEWOHK GIRL,
kJ 2in family, $25. MISS CULLEX, 105 Stock-
ton st.
\- EAT YOUNG GIRL, light HOUSEWORK,
-l-i $15. Miss CULLEN. 105 Stockton st.
OUSEWORK GIRL, ALAMEDA, $25; 8 IN
family: good place. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st.
W OMAN COM PAX lON, LIGHT NURSING,
II $10. MISS CULLEN. 105 Stockton St.
Mi HER Ai\ D DAUGHTER, $20 PR. MONTH,
-I*l see lady here. Miss CULLEX, 105 Stockton.
WOMAN BODY SHAMPOOER FOR A TURR-
ii Ish bath, country, $10, call early. C. R.
HANSEN CO., 11Q Geary st.
JTUJOK FOB A SMALL IKHKI, ACROSS THE
' bay, $20; kitchen girl for hotel, *16; restaur-
ant wiiitress, Oakland. $20: restaurant waitress,
city, $18. C. R. HANSEN &CO , 110 Geary st.
pOOK AND DOWNSTAIRS GIRL WHO UN-
\J derstands German cooking, small family, $26.
c. R. 11 an SEX A CO., 110 Geary st.
TV- ÜBSEGIRL FOR 2 CHILDREN' FOR
JA Fresno, $15 and fare paid. C. R. HANSEX &
CO., 110 Geary st.
9 A YOUNG" GIRLS TO ASSIST WITH
—V housework and children. $10 to $15; besides
a number of neat young housework girls, $15 to
$25. c. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. .
Strong ranch COOK and HOUSEWORK
0 woman, $v 5 and fare paid, see party here, call
early. c. H. lIANSEX Jt CO., 110 Geary st.
rDDLE-AGED COOK AND DOWNSTAJBB
girl for Stockton, spe pnrty here, $25. C. R.
Hansi.n & CO., 110 Geary.
HOUSEKEEPER, COUNTRY, $12, LIGHT
place; waitress, country hotel, $20; family
and ranch cooks, $25 and*2o; girls for housework,
city and country, and young girls to assist. MUR-
HaY & READY, 634 Clay st.
W ANTED — COOK, SMALL BOARDING-
'» house, 925 ; Protestant second girl, $20; neat
Protf stunt virl for cooking and housework, Ameri-
can family, $25; rook, German style, country, $25;
German second girl, same housf. $20; and others.
J. F. CROSBTT <!t CO.. 312 Sutler St.
WANTED— GOOD NURSE FOR ONE CHILD,
"» in i'r,"*no, $15, see lndr here; waitress and
chambermaid tor private family in city, $25; wait-
r ss and chambermaid for small family in city,
*■-'.'>. Apply M ISS PLUNKET T. 424 Suiter st.
"UT ANTED— GERMAN COOKS FOR FIRST-
■• • class ' restaurant in city. $35 to $40; go home
every night; an Irish-Araer.can girl to actasmaid,
must gew and menrt well; nurse for hospital, $20.
Apply MI s PLUNKITT. 424 Situ r
WANTED— GERMAN COOKS. $86 AND $30;
■' young girl assist store, $15; French second,
$20; French maid, $25; Irish Catholic maid and
seamstress, $25: young girls to assist, $10 and $15.
LEON AXDDE, 315 Stockton st. .
UT ANTED GIRLS FOR COUNTRY. COOK-
ii ing, housework and chamberwork: 2 German
gir!s to do cooking and general housework, $-'5,
cl y. lIV 2 Antonio St., off Jones, near Ellis.
WANTED— RESTAURANT COOKS. $25
11 each; 10 girls, genrral housework, $16, $20
and $25; second girl, $20: waitress, $25. Apply
315 Sutler st.
JAUNDRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $30. HO-
__TEL (.A /.El' 420 Kearny st.
IRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. CALL
936 Filbert st.
\'ciT N u~ GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; GOOD
x home for i:eat girl; $10. 408 Sanchez st.
"1 £»-YEAR-OLD GIRL FOR LIGHT 11OUSE-
xUwork. 1506 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN GIRL; COOKING AND GENERAL
housework. Cull bet. 9 aud 12, 2597 Howard.
_ HELP WAS TED-Contlnnnd.
GERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING AND HOUSE-
work: references reaulrecl. Call to-day and to-
morrow forenoon at, 1522 O'Farrell st.
p I RL FOR HOUSEWORK; $10. 2094 MAR-
vT_ket st.
TTOU N G GIB L forTgeneral HOUSEWORK".
x Apply at 1818 Geary St.
GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN HOUSEKEEP-
VJ Ing and cooking. 1204 Buchanan st.
WAIST AND WKAPPEB HANDS; MUST
11 have factory experience. S. STEUER, 126
Eichth st.
W ANTED- WOMAN TO PREPARE BREAK-
-11 fast for 2 children in exchAfee for room and
meal. 635 Grove st.
\Y A NTED-GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
ii work. 1511 Post st.
FINISHERS ON PANTS: STEADY WORK.
X 1 SELIG BROS., 108 Battery.
OoITcOAT-FTNISHIiR ONCUSTOM COATS;
VJ must understand operating. 219y 2 Tehama.
\\r ANTED- YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT
11 honsework. Apply 919 O'Farreli st.
E A f "GERMAN OR BWEDISH GIRL FOR j
-l-i general housework; must be a good cook and
have city references. Apply at 509 Cole st., bet.
llaight ft.-)d Page, this morning.
SA I EGO E8 ON : SEE THE 50 LADIES' JaCK-
ets. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
VOOK6 GIRL, (JENERAL III)USEWORK;
X reference required; call after 9. 2826 Howard
a:., bet. Twenty-fourth and l'wemy-fitth.
GIRL GENERA L HOUSEWORK, PLAIN
cooking and washing. 1520 u'Farrell st.
pHAMBKRMAID; WAGES FROM $15 TO $20;
VJ call after 9a. m. 126 Filth st.
fmtST-CLASS SKIRT-MAKER WANTED;
X reference required. 2240 I'ost Bt.
W ANTED-FIRST-CLASS COOK and LAUN-
ii dress: private family. Apply from 11 to 12
morning or 5 to 6 evening northwest corner Clay
and Buchanan ats.
pIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK IN
00 family of 3 and 2children; references required.
Broderick st.. cor. Washington.
"W ANTED— RELIABLE COUPLE ON SMALL
11 private place: wife goou plain cook and
general housework; man must understand care of
carriaire horses thoroughly and oe generally use-
ful; small wages; good steady home. Address,
with references, 1., box 95, Call Office. Oakland.
SWEDISH AND GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
_ Office, 11V Antonla st., off Jones, nr. Ellis.
DRESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
AirANTED — DRESSM A KERS TO LEARN
11 how tocut regular tailor system; only leliable
system; no mode's, charts or squares used. COUN,
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sinter St.. city.
VV" ANTED- PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
11 term commences this mo. Room 51, 121 Post.
\\ OST tnWKNi i;nt AND RESPECTABLE;
. #«; Winchester House. 44 Third st.. near Market:
a>o rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 tO to $6 per
wtek; free bus to and trorn the ferry.
DUR IXG THE BALE LADIiS' WOOL SUITS
$3 90. JS. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market St.
AIRDRESSING, '250 AND 35c: MORNING
and ev'gclaasoailO lessons,sl '.0. 1248 Mission.
UTANTED-PUPILS FOR PRACMCAL MIL-
-11 luif-ry; positions found; terma reasonable.
234 Taylor st.
LAWKENCE PATTERN HOUSE—
cntt'.ng school. 1231 Market st.,t>et. Bth and 9th.
j iRESS-CUI'TING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
*-J system, 14 McAllister at., rooms 67 and 68.
W INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
»i Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per nieln; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f r oo hus to an>! frn:ii the lerry.
MALE lll.l,!- a.n li.o.
tV r ANTED— YOUNG " GERMAN TO ATTEND
'» bathhouse near city, $25 and found, reference
required; neat German waiter for an Institution
newr city, if 20 and iound, al.so washing; neat young
waiter, country hotel, $J0; 2 boys about a lactorv,
$3 per week; ranch cook, $15: farmers, milkers
ami others; Scandinavian farmer and wife, no ob-
jection to 1 child, small ranch. $25 and found. W.
D. EWER <>.. 626 Clay si.
pASTR Y-cook AND BAKER AND ASSIST
J on range, country hotel, $35; pantryman, who
thoroughly understands making salads, $30; wait-
er and run to trains, country hotel, $25. C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
\T E AT. ACTIVE GERMAN BELLBOY FOR
-L\ club, $20 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
1 AAACOItDSOF PINE ANDRED\vOOD
X«J.\Jww to cut, $1 ler cord ; felt and composi-
tion roofer, $3 a day; larmer and wife; 2 chore
boys: 5 tiomakers; porter, pantryman, $J0; 2
waiters, 2 cooks, 2 dishwashers, etc. MURRAY
it READY, 634 and 61!6 Clay st.
CLER X, DRY GOODS, MUST UNDERBTANU
) boots and shoes, country store, $40; young
man. good references, see boss here early. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. "
WANTED— BUTLER, $25: 2 QUARTZ MIN-
'» ers. -f 2 50 a day; cook, $9: 2 waiters, country
botel, $25; restaurant waiter, "6 : ranch cook,
$15; Swiss farmer and pruner, $15, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT <£ CO.. 628 Sacramento.
Q ECOND COOK. $40, COUNT HOTEL
0 GAZETTE. 420 Kearny St.
UTLER, CITY. $35: WAITER BOY, $17 50;
cook, hotel, $10: teamster and wife, $30. R.
T. WARD & CO., 608 aiiu 610 Clay St.
T7IIRBT-OLABS CLOTH ING SALESM AN; ALSO
.T a parcel clerk who h«s had experience. Call at
on: e on the United States Industrial Agency, room
167, Crocker building.
AN TO SELL MEDICINE; GOOD PAY. 683
Howard st.
WANTED— YOUNG MAN THAT UNDER-
-11 stands bookkeeping: one thai, has worked In
tailoring-store preferred; references required. Ap-
ply r >;i Market s'.
\\r ANTED— STEADY MAN, WRITING PLAIN
«* hand, to assist generally in cash business; ex-
perience not required; must have $150 and be sat-
IsHed with Stio a month. 873 V-> Market st., room 1.
VOU.VG MAN WANTED FOR KITCHEN
X work in German lunchhouse. 42 Spear st.
pOOD RESTAURANT COOK." CALL EARLY
v_T 6 Sscrameuto st.
-l\' ANTED— AN ERRAND-BOY: GOOD BOY.
ii 41iy 2 Kearny. 2d floor.
\\T ANTED— BIDS ON LAUNDRY WORK FOR
II two lodging-houses. 715 Howard.
I7«IRST-CLASS FOCR-CHAIR BAB BER-SHOP;
. Al location. Apply at this office.
ATOUNGMANORBOYTO LEARN BARBER
-1 trar'.e: must have some money. 841 Telegraph
aye., Oakland. :;-v\i_
BAR BER-SHOP FOR SALE— A FIRST-CLASS
shop for sale: 3 chairs: cigar-stand: doing good
business. Address X., box 9. Call Office.
B~" ARBEBS— REGULAR MEETING TO-NIGHT.
Barbers' Assn. of Cal. Installation of oHicers.
120 O'Farrell, Alcazar bldg. J. KLITSCH, Pres.
1 AA MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 6 CENTS;
L\)\J clean towel to each; bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14y Montgomery aye.
BARBER-SHOP; BEST LOCATION IN CITY;
sickness cause sale. Apply this ofllice.
I" EARN A TRADE— LA 1 > l E s AND G ENTLE-
IJ men students wanted; only 8 weeks required-
tools given; write for catalogue. San Francisco
Barber College, 116 Eleventh St.
\\r AXTED-CLEAN, TEMPERATE, ELDER-
-11 ly man who understands the care of carriage
horses thoroughly and to make himself generally
OS lul about the house; small wages; steady
plnce. Address, with references, H., box IU2 Call
Office, Oakland.
PARTY WITH $100 OR MORE TO ENGAGE
in raising chickens, pigs and vegetables. Apply'
at Call Office. y *
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamauii, 238y O'Farrell st.
MOZART. 819 ELLIB-ROOMS 25c" TO 60c
njght, $1 25 to $5 week; readln?-rooms.
TIHB RAILROAD HOUSE, 533 COMMERCIAL
X st., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; fce3t and cleanest house in town.
"jUEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET
-Ll Tbird and Fourth— single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night. ,
ROSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
JVT EW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
-i-i rooms from $1 to $4 weekj large reading-room.
I?bRTME"BEST AND CLEANEST MEAL
X try 13 y a Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
BEST PLA EIN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726V°, opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.: unstit shoes bought and exchanged. , .- • :
BEST M ALON E A RTH ; W ELL COO X ED ; S
courses, 10c. at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD-
AiX is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
vFew AND SECOND-HAND SHOES from
■Li 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
WHAT "CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
i» St.: 200 rooms; best In the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c
W INCHESTER HOUSE, TH IRD ST., NEAR
11 Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: readlnsr-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
BA RBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A Bso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCIIS.
WANTED-MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
11 their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection: no cbarge unless successful.
K.NOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sutler, r. 4.
100 MK -> TO TAKE LODIiINU AT lOc, lhc
io.V an<l " Oc a ni S nt including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington si., near Keaniy.
VVTANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
11 steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
TLfEN'S i/i-SOLING 60c: LADIfJ.V 40c: DONE
liX while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
INDELI, HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
X-i single furnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
tj ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY.
IJ, ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
"UTANTED-LABORERS AND MECHANICS
i» : to know that Ed Rolkin Reno House proprie-
tor, gtill runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per weelc
L"M'.i:e BEER— TWO SCHOONERS Foil sc;
X also a bottl *of lager, sc, ut 637 Clay st.
REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME;
single rooms 15c, 20c a night, $1 a week. 
A ( \(\ M EN'S SECOND- JIANDE SJIOKS.SOME
•±\J\J nearly new, 25c to *J 25. 562 Mission st.
HELP WANTED-Conttnned.
BEST IN C IT i -S 1 NTiLETuxiMsTlSrio^A NT)
cents per nigbi; si, fl 25, fl 60 p«r wee_
feclfic House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sis.
\\r ANI'ED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
» » week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
riIRY ACME HOI.SK. «f>7 MARKET ST., BE-
JL low Sixth, for a room; 25n a ni^ht: SI a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINK FOR RKPAIR-
-0 Ing shoes: call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done 1 while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
auteetl. 502 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
-——————-_—____ ~~
AUKNT". WANTED.
L"^^rTY~A7ihirri : Sr~T7rTTXsrpTFrTT^ line
ladies' articles; can make if 25 per week; exclu-
sive rights. C. C. Company, 131 Post st.
pALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
\J wants pood acents to work its accident and
sick insurance; liberal Inducements offered. J.
W. BANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
FURNITURE WANTED ~
TTA^H^pIuCE^pXHTF^Tu^nTuiRET J "a"-
\J COB SCH WERDT, 82 1 Mission, bet. 4th _ oth.
A BSOLUTEL V HIG HEST PR ICE PAID FOR
__ second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture 10., Ml 3 Mnrket st.: call or send postal.
______ ———————
HOUSES WANTED.
QSTATL~ToTrAGK~ WANTED between
0 Fourteenth and Thirtieth sts. Address S3. C,
box 85. Call olticc.
BOOMS WANTED.
OR~6 ROOMS; LARGE BASEMENT AND
yard, with stable. Address IH3O Eddy, store.
AVA.NTK l)-Hi.SOKLLA>'£OUS.
VIFILL EXCHANGE FIVJE LANGBHAN PCL-
>' lets for baby-carriage. L. P., box 74, this office.
\Y ILL T H E :' V 6 N L A V WHO LIVES ON
»» Fourth st. and promised to give me her
address please do so? Address F. A., box 7, CaU.
fAN TED— BOARD IX A HOTEL IN XX-
»» change for paperhanglng. Paperb»nger, 623
Sacramento st.
ANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
repairing: best work at half the regular price.
PEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
t~ elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
LOST.
LOStCTKisTi "sETTETTrJoTrPUP : LIBERAL
J— reward. QUANE. the painter, 415 Market st.
T OST— CERTIFICATE NO. 168 OF AMERI-
J-J can Foresters' Hall Association. Return to
305 Thirtieth Bt,
1 OST— JAN. 12, BUNCH OF KEYS, BET.
iJ Mission aid McAllister, Six. h and Ninth sts.
Return to 552 Minna Bt. reward.
J OST— GOLD B C'Kt.AC . BLUE LOCKET;
*-l down Kell st. to Lasuna. over Laguna to Hayes.
Return to 523 Fell st. ; reward. :- -.:. r r-
T OST SATURDAY, LADY'S SEVEN-DIA-
XJ mond pin. Reward at A. GERBERDING,
222 Sansome st.
LI GHT GRAY ENGLISH PUG DOG; AN-
swers name Tony: reward. 1812' Geary st.
[ ONE Y7" BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
■i'l papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging ( ompany. 638 McAllister si.
cLaikvuv an is,.
PROF. LEON, RENOWNED PALMIST. CLAIR-
voyant; has no equal: gives valuable advice;
convinces it others fail. 533 Post, 8 to 9: alsoSund.
MMX. RAVEN A sits DAILY*; SURE TIPS
on races: names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
MMX. PORTER, THE CARD-READER, HAB
returned : ladies 50c: gentlemen $1 ; clairvoy-
ant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., near Jones.
\| ME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
1»J great clairvoj ant and cari-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned o
her old rooms In sun Frarcisco; ladies and cents
60c. 917 Market st.. parlors 3 and 4.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
the cradle to the grave, l-arlor 5. 865% Market.
MRST RYNERsi WORLD-FAMED Lr>
i'l- cater of mines and minerals. Room _0, 148
Sixth st.
pitHSENT. PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. MME
JL LEGGETTE, 311 Tehama St., near Fourth.
\i m kTu!'. " THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC reveal-
-♦- er by eggs «nd cards: tells entire life, put,
present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: enr«
help; restores lost love by nvnipaiby; mistake lm-
pos.sib[e,^feejSl: letter $2. 929 Post St., nr. Larkiu.
AU G U -T A LEOLA. FORTUNE TELLER:
-Ti- magic oharms. love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband : teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate, writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fcesl nnd upward. att-'ti Mission, nr. Twentieth.
SPIRITUALISM.
"pROFESSOU VAN DE VERE. ~~
That famous exponent of occultism is now in the
city; advice given oil business investments; specu-
lation, love, courtship, murriage and divorce, in
fnct, upon all matters affecting. your future happi-
ness: letters with stamp answered; oflice hours 9
a. m. to BP. m. Parlors, 305 Jones, between Eddy
and Ellis.
rpEsT CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c. YOUNG,
- 605 McAllister St.; sittings daily.
TO-NIGHT — KATIE HEUBSMANN*S TEST
i- meet. 793 Stevenson; 10c sit daily, ?1.
MRs. MAUD LORD DRAKE, PSYCHOME-
tnst and diagnostician: circle Tuesday, Thurs-
day and Fri.iay nights. 708 O'Farrell street.
A} Mi:. PULLF.N: CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, BTO 9;
-lU^ 10c; sitting dally. 8651/2 Market St., room 10.
GYPSY MEDIUM; charms GIVEN FREE-
readings 50c, gents .*l. 1003 Mission St.. r. 1.
MISS MELVINA ; CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE
picture of future husband or wife. 766 V-> How-
ard st.
Dlt. WOOD, CELEBRATED INPKPKNPENT
slate writer and 1 ranee medium. 597 EIII3 st.
A WONDERFUL POWER OVER DISEASE:
— — Mrs. Dr. W. Islarandas' revealed medicines:
never fail in rheumatism, paralysis, fits and nil
nervous diseases, etc.; if you cannot call and seek
this wonderful medium write and inclose a lock of
hair and $1 for a correct diagnosis of your disease- i
true life reading. 15211/2 Market St., opp. Van 1
Ness aye., San Francisco, Cal. . 1
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
-U -.mice medium: sittings $1. 21S Stockton st.
DENTISTS.
DR. GEORGE TvTTeEkT 'rH^GEXUTX^
Leek dentist, discoverer of nalnless extraction I
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth i
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st. j
P" AINLESS 1- XTRACTION. 50<Ji CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $3 up: 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALsH, D.D.S., 815% Ueary.
A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
_ DR. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
DR. H. H. SHAW, i»2-i KEARNY — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T.CR A NZ-EXTR ACTION PAINLESS"
crown work, bridge work and teeth withou;
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
VJ ket. bet. 3d and 4tb, gas specialists; only reli-
ableagent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm 5; fillings inn $1 : extracting 50c. with gas $\.
©7 A SET FOR TEETH: WaRRANTED"aS
<JP • good as can be made; filling $1. PR. SIMMS.
dentist, 930 Mar_o: st.. next Baldwin Theater.
r\K. LUDLI.M HJLi,. MARKET ST.'
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new-
teeth from $3 per set : extracting 50c: gas given. '
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
_ ket st. PR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ~* Al *
DX. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR.GOLDE
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
AL_ WORK REASONABLE AND WAB-"
J\ ranted. PR. .1. W. KEY. 1122 Market St.
HORSES.
"1 CA SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
X U\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
\UANTED-T0 BUY, HORSE THAT LADY
*» can drive; sound: 6 years old: dark; 16 10 17
hands: perfectly gentle; good traveler; stvlish-
afraid of nothing. Address L. 8.. box 116. Call.
1 00 g£AD OF WELL-BROKEN WORK AND
IXiKf driving horses just from the country- also
f° St ; i'v i'.TM' nd tloU( rs - Apply 862 Howard st.,
G. x.INDAUER, proprietor.
OKSES PASTURED: «S A MONTH: GOOD
II care and feed; send for circular. The Hv.le
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
T\rTC. It. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY BUR-
■XJ ireon for s. f. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
AC] | HORSES FCR SALE; ALSO WAGOX;*
Ttw buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horss
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wefues-
si: I.l. ivan & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 i)(\ SKT S SECOND-HAND HAKNBSS ; ALL.
J-\j\j kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, card;
also '2o chean horses. Fifieesta a:nl Valencia
\ WAjioW« A>_> cAlliiiA-ES.
SECOND-HAND WAGONS OF ALL KINDS
O for sale cheap at 1013 Harrison St. ;
STORAGE
OVE RL ANP FR EIGHT IB A NSFE R Co',
Fifth and Bluxome sts.— Furniture nnd goois
packed, shipped and stored: 9 large fireproof w«re-
houses: low rates; advances maue. Tel. son:h 388.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
I.oId goods, c:r. .1. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. ~~ 1710 MARKET—
"" Storage; low r.ues: telephone South 762.
ATTOKSKVS-AT-LAffr
ADVICE iREE: PIVORCK AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits, superior, Justice and
Police Courts: terms reasonable; collections, etc.
Q.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market,cor.Stoc-ton
r\y MURRY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR vt
J- . law: advice frte. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
W\V. PAVIPSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,4aa
» » • CaJi.'orum st., rnu. 14-16} advice tree.
1
PERSONALS.
AROABET CALDWELL, CALVIN 'viC
RELL or heirs, please communicate with W.
I H. GRAHAM, room 8. 632 Market st.
DVICE FREE: DIVORCE and pro b a r
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice aal
Police Courts; terms reasonable: collections, etc. (i.
W; HOWE, att'.v-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ENTIST, WHO HAS TRAVELED EXTEN-
XJ sively in South America, knows the language
and customs of the country, about to revisit a cele-
I brated gold-mining | district, would like a com-
I panion; one who understands mining in all its
I blanches preferred; a o;rapher, or an Ameri-
can who could take a stock of good jewelry,
atches, etc., would do. For particulars call on or
address 510 Grove st.
Ml:s. M. 11. OBER, HKAPQUARTERS OK
Ypsllantl Union Suits and Equestrian Ti?hta
Jaros Underwear: Ob Corsets for stout figu es.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions;
send for catalogue. 34 Geary si., San Francisco.
Ml S DAISY HAAKE f8 STARTING A MI r,
llnery c ass at her home, 11 Chattano st.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty- ; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after schocl hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
REAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
St., XX. cor. Pine; rail length or hnst flrst-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels ?3 dozen.
T? OR ALL KINDS OF CARPENTER WORK)
J get my estimaio.s. ALBERTSON, 41V 3 Eddy st.
AGNES- WHY DIDN'T YOD GO ITsT
•f» night? Got my hair dressed al C. LEDER-
ER'S parlors (successor to me. spitzi, 111 stock-
ton st.: rfeceivea besl attention: was surnrised at
price; only 25c ; tonight sunr. BESS.
"IP OR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT KECTTO
X the new gold mines In Alaska apply to C. P.
I LAPP, 9 Third st., Sau Francisco.
DRESSMAKING BUSINESS; CENTRALLY
located; for sale cheap. P.M.. box 53. Call om. <>.
PICTURE FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
x glass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c;
t lx }tJ1 A 12x16. 20c; 16x20, 30c; '-0x24, 45c.
j J NK^. 5J7 Mission st.
EG V l*[ 1 A X i I XK N NA. 81 ; i i A I RD V Ji. PER-
fectly harmless. Langley-Mtchael.l Co.; alt
chemists: Hubbard'sB23. Haiiptli'g. 11 56 Market.
ifOB FINE PUULTRY AND (JAJIK GO TO A.
1 BTRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
pA RTINGTON'S ... O F MAGAZINE
J- and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday
I January 6. For particulars aadress or apply 424
! Pirre st.
COME. HAVE YOUR FEATH] RBEDsTpTC
lows nllec!. 870 Mission, cor. och. U to CAI'.K.
\ <S* j A ROOM: CAKPi/rS < LEASED ON THE
»„ L Boor. 206 Leavcnwortli s'.
ELECTRIC l.K;:i is in EVER> ROOM- WI.V-
Chester House, 41 Third s!., near Market: 'JOO
' rooms, 25c to $1 r>o per night; $1 50 to ijopec
! week: free l:us to and from the h»rrv.
UII.V hiVllTTl HAS KK.-.oV l-.i« TO 827-329
Suiter St., weeu Stockton st. and Gran: aye.,
wheru the oest of coal can b- bad ac lowes: prices.
ONE more CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
'■ Oak Chiffoniers From 810 up
; Oak Bed Sets *17 50 up
• Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c iv
I fctoves and Range 3 $3 vi»
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cast] "i time payments. J. NOONAN.
1017. 101&. 1021, 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth.
iberaL'ad vax c k son! jiamo x"d"s7j_ \v^
elry, etc.: lowest rates. 94H Market st.
I f\l\f\ BUSINESS cXiTIJs] $1 ■■■■ i'ELK-
-IUUU phone "Mack 141." II 1LL. 724^4 Market.
! QECOND-HANP AS WELL AS NEW I'.AIIS,
1 kJ showcr.ses, counters, sheivlngs, mirrors, ileski,
: safes, chairs, scales, ef -, and a very large stock of
I Ihem. too: he sure and see Stock and get prices i>«-
I i ore KOlng elsewher-. J. NOONAN, 1017, 10191
• 3 021, 1023 Mission st.. above Sixth,
LT> BUILD tNU ti BO UGHT AND SOLD;
htore fixtures, doors, windows, lumber. pip»i
I etc.: cheap. Yard 1186 Mission St., near Ktehi.li.
(D«"1O SUITS ro OKDIfiR; SAMPi.K KY mTI_T
] tiPX^ NEtJHAUS. Merchant Tai or. 115 K":irny.
i pLOAKS, CAPES a.nu suns kki a ii. :■•■.;> ap
i \J mfrs' cost. Factory. 'JO Bangoma at., upstairi.
OLP GOLD, SILVER, GEVI'S AND LADIE.*
clothin- bouch:. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
! A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
-*-»- EEKLY CALL, in wr?inrnT. for mailing.
DKKS.S3iAICKUh.
-_-«-*2v>— _-_—_--»___ -* --~ ,
BRADLEY, 313 GEARY ST. — ELEGANT
stylish suits made, .*r> op; druses made over.
DRIC-SEB CUT ANt> FITTED, 53: DRESSES,
popular prices; waisA $3. 1 1 Geary st.
SUITS $3; SKIRTS 75c; CHILDREN'S SUITS
; •*! up. fifrft Stevenson st. : nr guarantee I.
j EDPCAT IO
ERMAff* LESSONS "bY~A "i ;Kl:mTxTaTjyT
114 Webster St., near Haight.
THE LKADI.NU SHORTHAND COLL]
i -I individual ius'ructio!) ; four months' course.
; Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
T?MELI ME EvTl_E WILL BKCBIVB v
J_ limited number ixt pupils; tboroutrb (XeatuaUa
training, reading, operatic and drawing-n> sing-
ing. 2300 Webster St., cor. ol Washh
MX . MKLVILL--SN 1 D_ii HAS KKMUVED
to 620 Sutter st.: teacher oi voca! music latest
1 Italian methods), pia.no and el cution; ladies ana
i gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
j other plays: appearances arranged.
! SPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
: O tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
I $3 month; also painting academy. Mowers specialty,
I 3 lessons week, $3 month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St., room H7.
TTOCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM*
» proves beautifies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
-ll. spanism.K PROF.DkFILIPFE'S
X I Academy of Languages; 320 Post; esta 1871.
ISS SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
s!.— Board. Enjclish. French, pi no. dancing,
j 930 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious an'l eon-
■ scientious parents togive children aru eri >i ednca-
j lion low figure; term Jan. 'J,: kindergarten couch.
I pNGLISK. LATIN, MATHEMATICS, NtS
I J_ iisti literature a specialty. MISS ROULSTON.
: 724 O'Farrell st.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY 7
class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush St.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING^
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
: onstage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, lih and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MININi
\ kJ chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
I assay; estab. '64. VAN DER N AILLEN, 723 Mkt.
j OTUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UN I V ER-
-1 O stty, law and medical colleges; day and eveninz
j classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
|» OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE '
J-> Berkeley. Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. A., Principal!
I\T IOLIN , MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
T tHiight. Prof. L. MERKI. 'I'H Geary wnable
"I NDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
j lng ' shorthand, et< . Stiehl's College, 723Marketi
j O PaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN^ MODERATE"
I OMeisterschaft school Languages, 122 O'Farrell sc
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, __ POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice. shorthanJ,
: typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modt-ro
j languages rapidly taught. Wnte lor catalogue.
' JVIGHTSCHOOL;HEALDSBCS.
! -t-' Post: commercial, shorthand. English; low n*:e*
■\TIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
{ > sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. lQ45y: 2 Valencia.
■ pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-"
V ham's Schooi, cor. Geary hu-.I Powell ftn.
AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1839
Market: send for cat. : day and evening session.
' pHEAPEST ANrTBEST IN AMERICA— THB
I V.' \V EEKLY CALL, sent to any address in :ha
j United States 01 Canada one year for SI 50, post-
ase free
MEDICAJL.
ALL FEMALE IRREG CLARITi KE
-£\- stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief al
, any time; travelers helped at once: home In con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, [NSTRU-
ments or worthless pills usea; every woman
! her own physician for all female troubles, nomat-
■ ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
1 if you want to be treated safe and sur« call on msri'i
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. PR POPPER, 318 Kearny at.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKEST'SPECIALTY OF 7
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
-1 regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
: medical attendance: low lees; regulator, $2.
i 1370 Market. __^^
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT 1:1;
lief for monthly irrecularities (from whatever
j cause by the most experienced ladies' Dhysiciana
j in San Francisco, restores a!l cases by an improved
method, superior to others: ladies will save time
I and money, be assured of honest treatment by
j consulting the doctors before calling on others-
patients who have been imposed upon are spe'
Cially invited: home iv confinement: treatment
warranted : advice free, confidential. UK.uud silt-i
DA VIES. liMcAllisttr st., near Jones.
LADIES — DAUDET'S * FKMaI.K % REG Ul__
ting Pills: strongest, safest, bes:: never fail-
*l per box. WIDBER'S drugstore. U EilL «■_
formerly cor. Market and Third s;.s.. sole agents '
DR, H _ 1.1.; 1 4 MCALLISTER STREKT, NEAR
ones. Diseases of women and children. " "
A 80«E FOR ALL FEMALE Dig:
: eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement, with every comfort; satisfaction euaS.
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. KMITurIc: at.
DU PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PII Ls"
safe ai.-d efficient emmenagogue- Si n Pr >CCr*
RICHARDSACO.. druggi stsTS 0 Clay st. .sSle ag^tt
boMii. A FRIEND ANI» MOI'HF K'S ['arc'
A MRS. DR.FUNK'S, UI6E e hth ,L. Al_mM^
M Hii - DR. WEUENER: PRIVATE HOME IX
I>l confinement: irregularities cored In a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
LPEAU'S FRENCH JPILLs, A BOOM TO
A ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger-
safe and nre: S3 60 exprew C. O. P don't dllaV
j until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland Ca!.
i 1 F IRREGULAR OR ANY 1 l,M A i.K DISEASS
1 see Mrs. Pr. Vnetz and be contenu 254 V. \ui.
r.L'l. I>lN<i AND LOAN association.
nONTIXKXIAI. BUILDING AND LOAN
: VJ sociat ion-Home oflice ' 82a Sansomo st.. s. wi
1 « nera ' s vln e8 * loan business. Kd K. Hill, Pre».;
| Oliver JUarid e V.l'r.; \y Coxbln,Be«.*Oea.JU»BtmntKSS CHASCEs.
Q7ort PART^ER^STTIGHT^CSINESS
»_ I U"J . that pays to .«ach $250 to #350 monthly :
liorouifh Invest gation allowed. JOHNSON,
"t>yfe Kearny st.
FINE CIGAR-STORE ON KEARNY, NEAR
_ Market st. JOHNSTON, 26Va Kearny st.
SI - - PARTNER IN A PAYING CASH
i It). hnsincss In this city: good for $95
monthly: an be increased. JOHNSTON, 26>/2
Kearny St.
• \l\t\ IiIiOCEKY AND BAK V! A SACRI-
'"IUU. rice. JOHNSTON, 20V2 Kearny st.
v< si | I n7\R_~~CHANCK. P RODI'CE ANTJ
vOul '. dairy business; old established: Rood
tride: profits ?125 a month; can be improved.
JOHNSTON. 261.2 Kearuv St.
fro buy; s eTl'or'exchan'ge a business
» of any kind see SIR.xND A CO., 45 Third St.
< \t\ii SAUH>N MI - N ATTENTION: OLD
'^ "lv/v'. csinlilished saloon: pays well; actually I
v> orths6oo. STRAN D & CO.. 45 Third St.
C*Q7-, rektaTuranT"; no. 1 LOCATION:
V" groat bargain. STRAND _ C 0..45 i hir.l.
0?l 7: BRANCH «» BAKERY : 8 ROOMS;
QL < <J. l argain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
<I|><Wl l OiiNfc:R GBOCEBV AND BAB;
LUV/Vf . bargain. STRAND _ CO., 45 Third.
sii |',(i C'ORNI it GROCERY AND BAR-
-. XiJ\J. bargain; to-day, STRAND, 45 Third.
*< 9^o BUTCHER-BHOpTa HORSES, WAG-
".-»»• ons; baryain. STRAND, 45 Third st.
-> v ;iH» !' " V wants gentleman
1 1 "_"• fanner ln old-established restaurant; \
r.ears,s per month to each. STRAND, 45 Third. '
S',IH» FIRST-CLASS HOME BAKERY
•^ kjkjkj, with all counter trade of $16 to $20 a
day: No. 1 location; living-rooms furnished; trial
given. UARhETT _ SKIFF, 865 V a Market St.
- " PORK, DELICACIES AND. BRANCH
•_ • U. bakery; 3 livinK-rooms: low rent: good lo-
catlon. BARRETT & SKII F. 868 ■ - Market sL
Cl 1 *>"■» CANDY STORE ; FL RMSHEDRMB.;
p L^U. cheap. BARRETT & CO., 8(55^ Mkt,
SMIHI COFFEK LOON AND CHOPS;
• ryV/. vicinity Market and Sixth; flneivHtted;
bafgatn. BARRKTT SKIFF, 865 Market st
J(W| GR CKUY AND BAR. BKST POSSI-
JS)_.VU. sible location; 3 living rooms: death
cause MJ*. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 8651^ Market
$500 AYIXG COBNEB GROCERY AND
St. KJm har; Hving-rooms; rent $25: must sell;
<'f.er wanted. BARRETT. 8651/; Market st.
O« ND Y TOHE: NO. 1 LOCATION: FINELY
y nttfd: doing good business: best reason forsell-
ing. BAB RE I 1 „ SKIFF. 865V 2 Market st.
"V\ HEN YOU ARK DISGUBTED WITH OTH-
.-■' ers and want to buy or sell your business j.-;ve
us a trial. REIDY _ CO., 13y Sixth st.
01 D ESTABLISHED LODGING-HOUSK, I.V
v connection with tine saloon: doing gooa busi-
ness; fine location. REIDY <fc CO., 13Va Sixth st.
Fs A LI- - FIN RESTAURANT AND
x dining-room dolnv good bnsiness; tine fixtures;
excellent location. J. REIDY «fc CO., 13 V» Sixth.
"I7INE LODGING-HOUSE; ROOMS ALL FULL;
X good location. J. REIDY -v CO.. 1.-iv Sixth st.
9AA LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
' — «V/. 3 years: clearing #20 week: suitable
for man and wife or two ladies. STANLEY, 9
'■eary, room 2.
S4OO partner wanted- indoor
\jn\j\j. badness; run by present owner 14
years; suited to plain steady man satisfied with
*< sto *10Oamouth; trial given. STANLEY, 9
!■ eary, room 2.
'3400 CIGAR. DYE AND LAUNDRY BUSI-
-. i\'\.'. ness; 4 finished rooms. DECKER,
IJO6 Market st.
<'>"v(\ BRANCH BAKERY : SCHOOLS,
-. — %J\f. supplies; near 2 schools: 3 living-rooms;
Jt-nt $14; must sell. DECKER, 1*206 Market st.
5J l AA SALOON — — Z=ZT
'- -tUU .- BA RG A I N
s-iioon. Sixth St., near Market. STERNBERG
1 O-, bJ2 MARKET, opposite Palace Hotel.
Q '-^9^ PA RTNE RW a NTED— ONE OF THE
■ •' — •'. handsomest fitted-up ban on Kas: st.;
rompelled to sacrifice; remaining artnerrespbnsi-
ble business man. STERNBERG CO., 639 Market.
OQHA RESTAURANT NORTH OF MAR-
*U ''• ket; latest improvements; receipts av-
erage ?oO; week's trial allowed; look at this bt-fore
buymgelsewhere. _T1 KXBEBO CO.. 682 Market.
Q'J^A GROCERY AND BAR IF SOLD IM-
'■.•Jtlu. mediately; flne location; aocouni de-
parture: don't miss this. BTENBEKG<fe< C 32
Market st.
<^9XA SALOON, KEARNY ST.: NICELY
' v — ' >\t . fitted up: this place is very inviting
and suitable for 2 persons; expenses light; bargain.
STENBERU CO., 632 Market St. ;
fl y S; FULL VALUE STOCK,
♦v- — X '\J» fixtures srlven away: block off Market:
account death. STENBERG CO., 632 M.irkt-t s;.
•OAKKRY. CO"FFEK PARLOR: VERY BEST
If location; finest fitted-up pluce in city: has very
larce counter and outside trade: positive guarantee
from ■vu.»r as to amount of business; trial until
patlsfied: owner has 3 places: must sell one at sac-
rigce. STENBERG A: CO , t>32 Market St.
\ TTEFTION, LJQUORMKN.
-fv French liquor-store, corner. In Western Addl-
- tion: establisned yeiu-st roust ')- po!d inSdavs;
biOknes-i: fixtures. e;c. $E00: stock at. cost. P*ar-
tir-u.'ars 533 CuHiorniH st., Phopriix bar. IVTLKE I.
s -i;-,/| sAr.oox i.v iicsjNicSy-cENTKK,
O'>' " '. with le --• fixtures a-one cost SI 200:
<;ock ?300; must sell in 3 days: partners bouehi a
r..n:. h .. Inquire 533 California st., I'hcftnix bar.
-: -»< 1(1 >AI "' N NEAREEARNY ST.; DO-
'■u O\J\J. ing good busiues: i>ool ttible nnd cash
register: 10 rooms nicely furnished; low rrut; a
big bargain. PIERCE _ CO.. 22 Kearny st. |
Gl RY AND BAR FOB SALE. apply ■
VT 1552 Folsom »t., cor. Twelfth. ;•:
2fi?ift CIOaB STORE A-ND CLUBROOM,
•..UwU. es;ablish«d several yean; large stock,
t:ne-fi.xtures and a good, steady trade. C. R., box
*4, (_ all.
VOUXG MAN WOULD LIKE PARTNER TO
«■ start restaurant; trade guaranteed. Address
. T.J. C box 19, this office.
SALE-GROCERY BUSINESS ON MAIN
?;reet, i.iklan I : s:oct new and ell assorted : a
p - >od chance to secure a well-established business.
15.. box J75, Call Office, Oakland.
'QQ7' r \ OOOI > RESTAURANT; WORTH
•_ •-> 'O. $500: if sold to-day a bargain. Apply
t.'iis ollice; no agents.
SELL OR BUY A GOOD BUSINESS GO TO
I 402=* Geary st.
YKW AND SECOND-HAND -HARDWARE
store: v. barsain if called for goon; stock and
li.vtures, whole or part, for cash. 646 Mission st.
S 'a will SECURE PERMANENT EM- j
•»*-'*-'"-» ployment; interest in the business;
money fully secured at good rate of interest. 753
Mission.
U' ANTED— GOOD LOCATION FOR CORNER i
'* procerv; with livipg-rooms attached; nur:h of j
Market st. N. L.. box 6. Call.
<^r.f I SACRrFICEI FI RST -CLA SS RES-
''•>''. taurant: must be sold immediately ac- 1
count departure: best, location: $25 d«v receipts; I
nr. 3 carlines; 2 living-rooms; long cheap ground
base; no agents. Inquire Call Office.
"T'tm SALE-CIG AR-STAN D WITH LA UNDRY
-I office; on account of other business ; noag<nts.
Apply 243 Fourth.
/tOODPAYTno i'.r rciCER-BHoP: FINE L«'«
*X cation; price reasonable. B. S., box 61, Call. i
Ty eli^furnlshed paying house, 10
'» 100 ms and saloon: cheap rent: owner will :
keep saloon and pay half rent. Apply room 1. 524
I'iDe st.
/ " OKD PAYING SALOON. 772 HARRISON ST.
"_r *»«-e owner, 427 Konrth St.
('OOP OPPOBTUKITY For an invest-
VJT nient of about $50,000 in safe comniemiil
business. Address R. D., box 43, this office.
VyLACKSMITH'S TOOLS, GONS ETC.,
.'* also building to be removed, at auction, on
Wednesday. January 15, at 2r. m. 337 Futh st.,
-comer of Clara.
\\' A N ED- PARTNER WITH SOME CAP-
» » Ital, lady or cent, in light paying business. Ad-
dress A. M. >S_ P. O box 1032, San Jose, Cal.
ICALOON PARTNER: PAYING CORNER; EX-
O perience not necessary; Rome money. 633
li ■ ard st.
1/ <~> R BALJ FAMILY GROCERY-STORE (NO
J liquors): established 16 years; large trade,
rinning three *va;ons; coo.i reasons for selling;
capital required, about $4000: desirable proposi-
t:<>u to Investigate: no ajents. Address G., box
<'.X Call Office." '
09' A CIGAR-STORE; FINE CORNER:
• . — »Jv. rine rixtures and .stock: no night or
>'inday nork; Near Postotlice and Appraiser's
SW. or. Washington and sansome s:3.
iji An PARTNFR; GOOD PAYING BUSI- I
<O L\l\) . ness; advertiser a butcher. 330'/a
i ourth st.
pROFITABLr; OPPORTUNITY IN LEfilTI-
-1 mite 'S'abiished business for man with $2000
prompt caali. Address TV; box 15, this 6tlice.
•iTI'ST BE SOI7D BY FEBRUARY"!— 2 EX-
•'' press-wagons; stand cor. fcansome and Sutler.
J. G. FREDERICKS, owner.
<ALOON FOR GREAT BARGAIN;
0 low rent. 734 Fourth st.
U, : . YARD FOR SALE. in-
» ' quire at bO4 Montgomery aye.
|;IRSTk3IA.«s.S CASii~BUSfNES3 FOR SALE
1 cheap on acconnt of sickßSSSj splendid oppor-
tunity; call at once. BURG, 621 liroadway, Oak-
land.
T IQUOR-STORK; BUSINESS; SELLS
i-J account sickness. 213 Third st.
O«_>AAA ROUTE FOR SALE; EVENING
O»J UUU. paper; pays Sl5O per month. Apply
(bis ßice. -". ■'.-' ' . '
iTmRST-CLASS SALOCtN FOR SALE; LOCA-
t ion: tr»<t. : lease. Partloaiari address C. H.,
tox 119, Call Office.
1 |a~P_R~ ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
i Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
< -ap. and chances for Increase are very good.
A ppij- this Dffioe, principals only. - • '
\\r ANTED A GOOD MAN WITH $100 CASH
» • to travel for an Eastern llquorhouse. Addre3S
1 . W., boi 79, Cal Office.
( "IGAR-VI'ORK FOR sALK; GOOD LOCA-
y tion. at a bargain. 1055 Market st.
J VOR SALE— GOOD-PAYING HOME BaKER.Y.
1 confectioner> , icecream and candy parlor:
tht-ap rent; 5 living-rooms. Apply Call Office.
1 ) K STXUraNT— M.ARKKT ST.: CIIEAP: DIS-
J L^greement partners: make offer. >i.,..y 29 6th.
Qj -79^ BRANCH BAKERY, candy, sta-
', — Om tiotif-ry store: 4 livlnj-rooms; rent?lB;
'o-.e-ts. 341 Va Fii\b st. •
BCTINBBS CHAKOES-fontlnnert. '
VOTICE- HAVING SEVERAL BUYERS
-> willing to invest in legitimate business, purties
desiring to sell apply to HKALY & CO., 28 Kearny.
v|ll||()n BAKERY FOR BAKING 18
•i l , ll '""• barrels per week; _ horses and wagon,
0 living-rooms: will give, a trial; cle:.rine per
month. Apply HEALY CO., 23 Kearny st.
Q9QOO CORNER LIQUOR STORE DOING
& uuw - a business of $30 per day. cleariw-
*'.'so month; you can have month's trial; finest of
liquors and cigars. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
pOR.VER SALOON FOR SALE CHEAP; MUST
\J be gold. lni-tiiri' 817 Kearnv st.. ■ ,-
-1 om;iN«-Hoi!SKS fok SALE.
Gl £\0 10-ROOM HOUSE; CLEARING ?40.
$UOU. DECKER, UMM M;,rket St.
*t9l i\ 10-ROOM HOUSE: GOOD LOCATION;
♦ir -. X \J . nearly new.
15 rooms; best corner in city 1,600
14 rooms, on Geary Bt ; 850
60-room hotel, with bar: 40 boarders 3,500
SO rooms, sunny corner: must sell 700
82 rooms to exchange for real estate 1.6J0
10-room hotist*: very central - 250
$50,000 to loan on furniture,
11. C. DECKER, 1206 Market st., cor. Taylor.
A STENBERG 'CO., -
-* . 632 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
10 rooms; sunny corner; one floor. $ 400
45 rooms: vicinity o Baldwin: transient 3250
16 rooms; 3 doors: north of Market £00
30 rooms: owner 6 years; offer wanted 700
HOUSE OF 32 ROOMS: ALL COMPLETFLY
furnished; all rooms occupied; 1500. A., box
12 1. tills omce.
1 ODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE ON EASY
J^ terms; no agents. J. B. BROWN, 330 Geary.
OUSE, 72 ROOMS: MUST SELL; A BAR-
gain; owner caving town. 307 Fourtn st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH3
A WKI'.KI.Y CALL. In wraooer. tor mailing.
V OKNX X U Ul: JOK SAI.K.
"xvnrwTLTTToTKTK^KuTR^TT^
' » Previous to movine to 747 Market st. we offer
' o.:r entire Btock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offtr refused.
Koxtniry Brussels (laid) 75c
English Linoleum (laid) 35c
SHIREK & SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st.
I7IOR SALK— FURNISHED FLAT OF FIVE
1 rooms; complete; a bargain. 125 Locust aye.;
no dealers.
G. KRASKY, FURNITI'RE AND BKD-
. ding; new folding-beds, S9 and up; step-lad-
; ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
K EDUCTIONS ON LARGE STOCK, N W AND
XV second-band: 400 carpet.*, good as new; 01l-
I cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up: linoleum. 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, fi4 50: cornice poles, 25c:
run-res. $6: cash or installments: goods shippdi
; free. T. 11. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
1 • .1: BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AR-
: T tides of every description. D. McRAE, 8.9
Mission St.
CABPJKT. CLEANING.
/ tABPETS CLEANED AND BENOVAI BD
VJllke new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: t-1.
1 South 36.. D. MACKINTOSH _ CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
• 14th st.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING, RENO VA-
tingr, 388 th. STEVENS, mgr. Tfl. South 250.
JMcQUE CARPET BEATING ANDREN-
• ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson ; ml. south 2'JS.
I "VTATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
X> vatln? Works HAMPTONiBAILLY: layin;
ond altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244.
HEN YOU BECOME DIBG T BD WITH
if poor work send to SPAULDING'S PioneerUar-
T^ Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
KLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. Sii
J f!old'»n Gate aye.: telephone rant 126.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETU.
OUR BARGAIN ROOM CONTAINS AN UP-
rl?ht for 70, and a splendid, lnr^e fine up-
rieht, excellent tone, guaranteed for tive years,
price now Bl4fi; if you want a flne piano at a frac-
i tion of what it is worth better see this at once. THE
i J. DEWING CO., warerooms 2nd floor Hood bldjr.
j 9 REGISTER PEDAL PIPE ORGAN FOR
-J church or studio; half price. 815 Webster st.
QTEINWAY ABE ; AS GOOD AS NEW;
O must be sold. .1" Market st.
AINES BRO.s. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER-
Hr*lANt). PATTI'S PREFEK-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerta' piano. '
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 524 Post st.
J» A I PARTY LEAVING TllKiil VIS OBLIGED
J\. to sacrifice their elegant Chickenng piano. See
it at room 10, HOit Market st.
A BEAUTIFUL S.TEIN WAY PIANO MUST
-C\- be sold at once by party obliged to dispose of
it; a very low price will secora ii. Room 21, Flood
building. • .■:;?.>,:
ALL CASH AT ONCK WILL skcureTn
Jt\. upright piano for 65; now is our chance.
j Room 10. Flood building.
CONO VEB PIANO ; AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, a3« Post st.
Cji If\ BXRiGAIN; FIN "UPRIGHT: GOOD
tJIXXU. condition. JOSEPH schmitz _ CO.,
•1-6 Me Amsterst." " ■ : " - - • ■ •
■ VTEW UPRIGHT PIANO. ORGAN. FOLDING
— bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Oflice.
P" 1 A NOB— "
Hazelton, Hemme and Lonir, Brown and
(Simpson; easy terms. V 35 Market st.
GtlfkA LARGE, EASTERN MAKE. UP-
LUU. right piano. BRUENK'S, 228 Post St.
KNABE,BTBCK.VOSE,STEB-
\J ling pianos; see our n»%v piano for $187; pianos
iQrrent. KKNJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
GREAT BARGAINS IN NEW AND SECOND-
VJT hand pianos at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st..S.F.
REAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
Piano House, 216 Post st.
nr M. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
*» rell, room 1, flr3t floor; take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or Installments. • -rv. 4;
TVTICE UPRIGHT, SACRIFICED FOR $75.
IN Rm. 10,_09 Market St. .
8- OUR NEWRENT CONTRACT plan
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
thnt wish to take advantaseof it; please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY <t CO.,
corner Kearny and Sntter sts.
<J> ] 7 ,". CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
«J)1 I «J. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
T^ECKER .stkTn \v a y ,fi sc h1 : r a no
U other first-class makes of pianos; little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
(HA BK, 28 and 80 O'Farrell at.
EASY TERMS ;"LOW PRICES. KOULER •_
CHASE. .
Tj^INE PIANO for SALE OR RENT cheap.
-I SCHMITZ.I6 McAllister st-.nxt Hibt-rnia Bank
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby A. EVans, Briggs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD
O H. MILLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham ulace.
ST i: I NWAY, $215: WEBER, $265; SOMER,
_ $237; Wily, *125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE. 410 Post st.
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATi.D HIGH-
s\ grade r. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, HZ
Ninth st. - ,
AINES BROS.' PIANO — A fcUPERB IN-
HAINEfe Bitos.' PIANO— A BUPEBB IN-
strnment", surpassing any piano thatwehavs
hitherto handled: we invite a critical inspection.
A. L BANCROFT & CO., 3.4 Post st.
PEN FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sat*
in San Francisco. j; HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market M., Spreckels building.
FOX SALK-MISCKLLANbOUS.
Tmi>T^r*sifEEHAN, iTeaTe~r~7n" box
»J kindling-wood; cheapest and best. Office, Powell
and North Point sts.-, telephone 595.
THRESH HALF-BREED JerSeY^cow milks
X? 4 gallons: Kentle: cheap. 1312 Folsom. .
B" "ai: mi rFITB MIBBOBa.CASHBEGISTEBfI,
sealts. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
■\TICK_L- PLATED CUSHION ~ TIBB RAM-
±> bier; only $10. 326 McAllister st.
OLDEN GATi: GAS ENGINE. APPLY TO
VT Browning .t Bremer. gun store, 820 Kearny st.
ABY CARRIAGiS AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing.
S inset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell st., near
Stockton.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tau f urnit urt? at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
1 f\f\ (\f\(\ '" N|) - HAND BRICK FOR
X \J\.i .\.f\J\J sale: s'.cond-hand lumber Of all
kinds; cheap. Masonic aye. and Turk si., Fif-
teenth and Dolores.
]\T>W'95, STRICTLY HIGH GRADE $105
1> bicycle, $40. 8., box 79, Call.
MONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES FOR
• ormven away. KAHN <fe CO., 220 Cal. St.
j,. OWB, ANVIL, VISE. TONGS, SMALL
1J steam boiler and engine. 631 Howards'.
r^IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
.press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102
Clay st.
} ENCYCLOPEDIA BIUTANNICA, $25. KING'S
U old bookstore. 15 Fourth st.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND I^ARGE SIZE
lire and bargiar proof nafe. 221, 223 Market st.
\'l.v, KANGE3 CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1\ hand. W. S, RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
f~\ OUNT£ R -. SHELVING. SHOWCASES
U bonghtatid«old 11211^ Market bet. 7th and
BICCCUBS.
11' iNl)BO^^lcTcL^:^^^Ucl^ r ~HIGH'
'» grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. ! A. L. BAN-
CROFT & Co., 3-4 Post St., -. F.
T>ARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET;
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
AllUter nud i'owell ml. car lines.
.' , 'JPUYSICIANS.
Dl;. \.r>^lXc7s7piHYiric3^S
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1d5,661 Markt
MKs. i<K. •PA I: Low, CHIROPODIST. 126
Kearny, rm. 47, hrs. 11 to 6; res. St. Nicholas.
I EXOVJED— OB. C C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
IV Market St.; _i_e__.e. of women a. specialty. >.V^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
HOUSES TO LET. I
91 9 PERRY ST.-HOUSE OF ROOMS AND
_-.l _ basement; rent 512 50; water free. Apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery sU ...-.-
TTPT'F.k r.\Rl OF HOUSE, 9 ROOMS; YARD:
\J rent cheap. 235 Fell St. •
9Q TWENTY-THIRD, NEAR HAMPSHIRE—
—O 6 rooms and bath; yard; rent $17.
H~ OUSE 7 ROOMS-BATH; LARGE YARD.
1515 Jackson St.. between Larkin and Polk, i
OUSE Og 9 ROOMS AND BATH TO LET.
151 Minna st.
I - I k ISKODERICK ST., NEAR SUTTER —
Jl«Jl^ House of 7 s liny rooms; bath, laundry,
basement and yard; $22. '
'HK.'aPKst HOUSE IN CITY; 8 ROOMS;
\J bath; modern; $20. 5341/2 Valencia, near
Sixteenth. ' " ■' :
9 1 GEARY4-HOUSE 11 ROOMS AND j
~ 1 J bath; rent reasonable; key at _17";_>
OUSE, 2225 POST— ROOMS AND BATH ;
basement; larse garden; stable: driveway.
QUNNY HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; MODERN 1M-
O rrov«mentB, 730 Capp st. ; also house 5 rooms,
bath and stable; 107 Germania St., near Flllmore.
Qfi REDUCED FROM $40: NICE MODEBN
OU. home of 8 rooms. Anply 15 Grant aye.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia st.: rent $16. Apply 2838
Mißsion. -.-. \v-Ti
A VED— DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a house from BALDWIN & HAM
MoNI) 10 Montgomery s'. .
FUKNISIIED HOUSES. y
VERY HANDSOME 'RESIDENCE OF 13
V large sunny rooms, baths, storerooms, billiard-
room, etc.; beautifully furnished throughout;
large grounds; eituaied on Nob Hill: surrounded
by ciexant homes: long lease. DAVIDSON _
LEIGH, Agt8.,_1 37 Montgomery st. _■ - .
Rn7 "BAKER— HANDSOME SUNNY 'NIC ELY
*J\> • furnished house: very reasoaable to small
family; 10 to 4. " .
"LTURNITURE OF 3-ROOMED LAT, WITH
-T piano, at a sacrifice; flat to rent: all rooms
■uiiny: ,fl(). 19 Moss si., after 7 p. >f-
COTTAGJES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 1921 EDDY^ StH 6 ROOMS AND
V^ bath; rent $25. .
1 1(\f\ mason— 4 rooms; cable line;
X I \JO $U to steady teiiant: key at non<e.
<2_ I XA SMALL ' COTTAGE, 3 TAY ST.,
<PXX.OU. near cor. Clay and Powell.
pOTTAGES. 4 AND ROOMS; SUNNY; A Y-
\J window: plank basement; yard: furniture of 5
rooms for sale. 726 Fulton; __ and $15.
FLATS TO LET.
S PbaThl
«_s_-U all modern improvements: basement and
yard; 721 Fourteenth st.. near Market-st. cable-
cars. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery.
IpURNISHED FLAT 7 ROOMS. BATH. 1312
1 Larkin st., near California; c_l 11 to 2.
\viiw BAY-WINDOW"" F! A 1 OF 5 LIGHT
i.\ rooms; S18: bath; gas: tubs.9ll Folsom, nr.6th.
©1 Q WATER FREE; 5 ROOMS a".N D
LO. bath; all modern improvements: enam-
eied bath, sink, etc.; Mlssion-st.cnrs pass the door: '
139 Chattanooga St., bet. Twenty-second and
Twenty-thira. Apply G. H. PMBBEN ;
fljl Q 3167 GEARY, NEAB COOK— NEW
*iP-LO. low flat, 5 rooms and bath: two weeks'
rent free to good tenant. shainwald, BUCK-
BEE & CO., "220 Montgomery st.
jJJ.I Q 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS, STOVES.
gplO. water, dumb waiter; all modern; at. 936
nion St., Oakland, near Adeline lociil station;
better than any »30 cottage in Oakland. To let
by KOENIG „ Kj.oll. 1006 Broudway, Oakland.
OR RENT— A MODERN FLAT OF 7 ROOMS
. and bath on southwest corner Devisadero and
Oak sts.: very desirable for physician or dentist:
rent reasonable to good tenant. Inquire at 318
Clay st., or i-. STAUDE, 353 Devlsadero St., be-
tween 4 and 7 o'clock P. m. - -■- - -.
Q-|yl LOWER FL"A fr5 ROOMS; BATH. 420
i|pX*±. Fourteenth St., near Valencia.
f ROOM FLAT, 48 PARKER AYE.: RENT
•± $12. Inquire of A. MEYER. 2303 Geary st.
I QO_ BUSH— MIDDLE FLAT, 7 ROOMS
XcJ_<_ and bath; sunny; all modern Improve-
ments. .■ " : :f--;.-
-<B»1 t> FLAT 4 ROOMS, HALL AND YARD.
«JP JL*J. 444 Clementina st.. near Sixth.
C_ 1 7 LOWE H~T*LA 7 r7S~ROOM SAND BATH.
«3)X 4 • 1027 Post St., bet. Polk and Larkin.
9|'l A SUTTER — MODERN BAY-WINDOW
— J*i flat; sun all day; yard front and rear: f 16.
ODERN NEW FLATS: 912 OAK ST.: 7 AND
8 rooms; $27 50 and $30.
"VTICE FLAT: 6 ROOMS; $12. 1017 BRYANT
— N street. .
qj"J ,- FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
<&XO. Sanchez St., corner Eighteenth. ' ■ .
<2«7 r LOWEB FLAT OF 4 ROOMS, BATH
<tJU-L«J. and basement. 232y_ Nineteenth st.
OX FLAT: 1209 BUSH: 5 ROOMS, BATH;
—O. bay-windows. Apply 1211b. ■ ' -
7"1 _. NATOMA^FIXt~4 "'"STJNNY- BOOMS;
1 X _ basement: large sunny yard. • ,
ONKTY UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH' AND
basement. 396 Waller st., cor. Fillmore.
<2»1 ) 8 ROOMS; BA 111, 109 THIRTEENTH
'Jl X_-. St., near Valencia.
QU UPPER FLAT OF 4 NICE CLEAN
Upi-Tt. rooms. 403 Oak st.
SUNNY FLAT 3 ROOMS: GARDEN; ALSO
O one 4 rooms, bath: $13 »n.l $16. 1708 Pos: St.
\-i;w SUNNY FLAT: CASTRO CABLE;
X> 5 rooms, bath; $14 CO, waa $20; water free-
see photograph. S. D. HOVEY. 608 California st.
I?LAT— UPPER i-LATOF 4 NNY ROOMS
-T and bath: 1262 Kighteenth st.: rentsl3-: new
building. BALDWIN <fe HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
L AT : 6 ROOMS ; BATH: YARD ; BASEMENT.
J 327Haightst.
PPER FLAT; 27 SHOTWELL ST. 6 ROOMS
«J handsomely papered; bath; basement: qule:
home for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
<Il>l FLAT OF 5 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
«IPX«J. and bath; water free. 814 Nineteenth
St., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
Cl "1 FLAT OF 5 LARGE SUNNY KOOMB
10, and bath: water free. 25 Ford r'., bet.
Seventeenth and F.igtitppnth, Noe and Sanchez.
LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Hryitnt, 5 and (» rooms, bath $8 to $18.
AVED-DOLLAKS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by rentlne a flat f.-om BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st. ■ '
HOUs>_K_Kl>il*t> ROOMS. ~~~
Eclcly Street. ~~- v ~~^~^~-
Of) 0 EDDY — UNFURNISHED SUNNY
vJv/LJ rooms: rent reasonable.
(*1 n EDDY-HANDSO3IELY FURNISHED
UK I double parlors, with kitchen.
.Krie Street.
C£ ERIE-FURNISHED ROOMS FORHOU3E-
*J\J keeping; rent reasonable.
 Fifth street, ~
JOOI FIFTH-SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
"rtL*\J-Z kitchen furnished complete for house-
keeping.
Firat Avenue.
49-| FIRST ; AYE., RICHMOND — LARGE
tr_iX room for light housekeeping.
*"olsom Street.
"1 "1 "I X FOLSOM, SW.COR. LANGTON-3 CON-
XX it) necting unfurnished housekeeping rooms-
rent $11.
Fourth itreet.
OA7 FOURTH— ROOMS FURNISHED
wl for housekeeping; rent SB.
. Fulton Street. ; "
mF U L T O N — LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
J J.U room: yard and water; cheap
9| ') FULTON-ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
— < 1 O plete for housekeeping; clean ; gas; bnth.
lieary eet.
(\f\Q GKARY- NICELY FURNISHEDFRONT
UV/O sunny room for gentlemen.
1 Q"| n GEARY — PARLOR, BEDROO
i-'J i I dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds: all necessaries; $24.
Golden Uate Avenue.
"I Ann GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
J.UUi/ nished front and back parlor or single
room; private family; with or without board.
Harrison Street.
Tfil A HARRISON, NEAR - TWELFTH — 6
XUXU sunny housekeeping rooms; rentslo.'
■ Howard Street.
IJ A 9 HOWARD ST.— LARGE RUNNY FUR-
. 4 "— ' nish-«l housekeeping; cheap; also single
room ; $1 week up. ■
"1 1/19 HOWARD — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
XXt\_j housekeeping rooms; range; rent $10;
also unfurnished.
Larkin Street.
_ 9Q LARKIN— FURNISHED ROOMS; LIGHT
T— .'" housekeeping; single and suite.
AOO LA B KIN— NEATLY FURNISHED BAY
TcOO window rooms; housekeeping; reasonable.
Cl OB LARKIN— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
OLD rooms for housekeeping; gas: bath.
.UcAlllstnr Street.
QJ A McALLISTKR ST.-UPSTAIRS; LIGHT
i)i>' housekeeping room; $7.
/.•I Ql MCALLISTER— I or 2 LARGE SUNNY
UXt/2 fumshdhousekpgrms: every convenience.
3JiBKioi__treet.
C£>Q MISSION— NICE ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
O\)O keeping. .
Q_.'7 MISSION — NICELY FURN ISHED
♦/ -i" I sunny rooms; complete for housekeeping.
19 _ 1 MISSION — 4 CONNECTING ROOMS
XZiTiX completely furnished; gas: private;
rcafconaljie.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOWS— Continned.
Moss Street.
1 Q MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH—
J-O 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Nat 011:11 Street.-
/>_r NATOMA— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
DiJ complete for housekeeping,
"~~ Ninth Street. •„ --.
A(\A NINTH ST.-THRKK UNFURNISHED
_U_ rooms for housekeeping; rent >8.
arrcli Street.
/IQ7 O'FARRELL— PLEAS A.NT.
id I sunny room, furnished for housekpng; $10.
Stockton Streer.
[7-11 STOCKTON ST.-SUNNY FURNISHED
I AJ- rooms for housekeeping; $12 per month.
Third Street.
■I A Q THIRD-SUNNY HOUS EKEEPING
X _;O rooms; complete; front first floor: bath: gas.
Van J«esf» Avenue.
1 A(\d VAN NESS— ELEGANT FUKNISnED
X _ UO sunny front rooms tor housekeeping.
fiHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United IStates or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. '
KOUHI9 TO _XX. ~
Eighth Mieet.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furniahed aud unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
CT Q ELLIS— SUNNY' ALCOVE ROOM; HOT
«J-LO running water; and single rooms; bath.
r9Q ELLIS— SUNNY LOR" FLOOR; UN-
t)_.O furnished; suitable for physician or den-
tist ; also housekecpin,' rooms. . .
Fifth Street.
"I A 7 FIFTH — PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
XU i rooms to let.
Fillmore Street.
9AQ FILLMORE, NR. HAIGHT-NICE FUR-
jU\JO nlshed room and bath with ileasant family
for lady or gentlemen. -
Folsom Street.
QOn FOLSOM, NEAR FOURTH— SUNNY
O--U furnished rooms, $1 per week.
1 QAQa FOLSOM — UNFURNISHED PAR-
XOUO lors; part use kitchen.
Geary Street.
AQQ GEARY, COR. TAYLOR-SUITE OF 3
tIOO connecting cornerrooms; all sunny ;adapted
for doctor's ollice: turnished or unfurnished.
791 GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
IZil alcove room; running water; reasonable.
Ql 71 GEARY — THREE NEATLY FUR-
OII2 nished rooms; terms reasonable.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 A GOLDEN GATE AYE. —PLEASANT
-JXt7 sunuy double aud single rooms; reason-
able. *
(>ough Sireet.
1 1 90 GOUGH-st NNY SUITE OF ROOMS;
XX_iU furnished or unfurnished: references.
Jones Street.
90.7 JONES- THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
--U 1 manaKement: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; batb, etc.; $10 to $30.
Kearny street.
_ RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS-
■A. aut sunny rooms, en suite anj single; first clasi
in every respect : terms reasonable.
JLarkin Street.
1 AA7 LARKIN— FI'RNISHED ROOMS, MOD-
XUU I crn house; gas, batn, running water, etc.
Market Street.
•\rOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MAP.KET, BET.
-1- Bixth und — Sinjds and suites: per
niuht, 36c to $1 : week, SI 50 to $5: families
1 KAQ MARKET — NICE SUNNY UNFUR-
XOVJO nlshed rooms, suitable for offices.
"1 P.AQ MARKET-NICE SUNNY UNFUR-
X tiUO nished rooms, suitable for offices.
T?971 MABKET.— NICELY FURNISHED
J.U— 1 2 rooms, single and housekeeping; pri-
vate family. /
Slason Street.
_1 7 MASON— (CHANGED HANDS) SUNNY
ttX I front suites, suitable for doctor's office.
Mmim >tr«et.
(\(\7 MIN^' A . COP.. EIGHTH— NEWLY fur-
UU 1 nished bay-window rms:sl week ; transient.
M Ission street.
GRAND SOUTHERN — SE. COR. 7TH AND
VJ Mlssion.reopened ; thoroughly renovated isunny
front rooms; elegantly .furnished :«.|tii;l« or en suite;
stationary washstands and running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
————————-__——-
O'Farrell street.
Z\(\A O'FARRELL — NEWLY FURNISHED
t)UI suiniy: running water; electric lights: ref.
— — - PosrjStrcet.
7A9 PaST, NEAR JONES-NICELY FUR-
I \J£i nished hall bedroom; reasonable.
Powell Street.
99Q POWELL— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
for gentlemen; rent, $10.
South I'iirK.
1 O SOUTH PARK— WELL FURNISHED 4
X V-> rooma, $13; single room, f5.
Stockton Street.
101 A STOCKTON- SUIT SUITABLE
Oil doctor or dentist; nicely furnished ; cheap.
Taylor Street.
4 LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, NEWLY
furnished, with hot-water baths. 149 Tavlor.
E 99 TAYLOR — NICELY furnished
«->--— 1 rooms: new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable. ■
Tenth Street.
mTENTJI. NEAR MARKET— ONE LARGE
room; 87.
"1 9Q TEN TH-LAIiGE SUNNY FURNISHED
X--U rooms from $5 up; private house.
Third Street.
TiriNCHESTER' HOUSK-44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market; most convenient and respectable- 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night; »1 60 to $6 per week:
electnc lights in every room: reading I'm : iree bus.
pOLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD-SINGLE AND
\J en suite, light housekpiog, $5 up; brick bid, yd.
Turk Street.
O] Q TURK— SUNNY FRONT ROOM, FUR-
__ nlshed or unfornish»d.
r\A fu — si •n ny ngle ROOM with
O'±O bath; private: $5.
twenty-Second Street.
Cjl C 5 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
<IDXc». bath: water free. 526 Twenty-second st.,
cor. Capp.
Miscellaneous.
TTANDSOMELY FURNISHED FRONT
XX suitu rooms, private house, to desirable per-
sons; board or breakfast If desired; neighborhood
best. Address H. M. BURT, Station A, P. O.
BOAKXUNO AND ROOMS. ~
P OOmTndlo AltDnfNTiEßllA
Xt 114 Webster st., near Haight.
IF YOU WANT A PLEASANT HOME CALL
X at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush St.; the Winder-
roere; references required. - , -. > .
p OOD HOME, BOARD AND ROOM, IN GER
VJ man family reasonable. 208 Seventh st.
«_>9r» EDDY— HOTEL NORMANDIE; SUNNY
_*— U slng.e rooms; table board; temis reasonable.
HOTKL BERTLING. 714 HLSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: niod-
ern conveniences. .
CaiLDKKN BOAKDKD. "
pOOD HOME FOR AN INFANtT~TERMS
VT moderate. 1014 Jackson st., bet. Powell and
Mason. . .
~~~ STOIt.S TO LET. | ~
R^OM^T^r7Tßlir^BA^A??_r^FlXT^m
cheap rent. 23 Clementina; key upstairs.
CA 1 . 1 FOR NTA AND LARKIN— THREE FINE
> stores in that tine building on the southeast
corner, suitable for barber-sbop, confectionery or
bicycle-store; an offer desired. A. J. RICH & CO.,
real estate agents, 112 Montgomery st.
QTORE TO LET; 20x30. 140 MINNA ST.
mo LET — SPACE FOR LOCKSMITH AND
X electrician in hardware store. Corner Polk and
Saciamentostß. .
ASEMENT TO LET CHEAP, COR. FIRST
1J and Market sts." :
T?OR RENT— LARGE FRONT OFFICE AND
J part of store. 221 and 223 Market st. '
OFFICES TO LET.
T^iNlHsT'^N'THTrcrrTr^
X flat of 6 very large rooms; bat7i, etc.; arranged
for office and liVin.K-rooms; on Post St., overlook-
ing Union Park; 2 blocks from Kearny; long lease
and part of furniture for s»le;- very cheap rent.
Address J. E. s.,t,o\ 115, this ollice.
9"] 7 GEARY— PARLOR FLOOR; SUITABLE
■<-j1 4 for business; key at 217y_. .- - - ■
IpREE RENT (% MONTH) GIVEN GOOD
tenants; cottages, flats, $5 up. SPECK _ CO.
602 Market st"
LEGANT OF I" I C S IN NEW SPRECKELS
building, 025 Market: rents low; ao extra
charge for gas, janitor services or beating. Apply
St bulldine or G. H. P.SKN A CO., 14 Mont., st.
p HEAPEST and bestTn AMERICA— THE
yj WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. . . ......
m CITY RKAL, ESTATE.
A SACRIFICE! r " ~ '• '■" : '■". '""
-A- MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK. >--o^;
c.mn« ' : REDUDED FROM f6250.
$oooo— Handsome 2-stor.- residence of 8 rooms
and bath on X. side of Pine St., near Lairuna. At a
very small expense this property could be thor-
oughly renovated and modernized.
-A -;-^ : ." ••■■ EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fe CO.,
638 Market st.
ESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
'» NEAR MCOTT AND EDDY.
PAYS NEARLY 10 PER (KNT PER AN"NUM.
$14,000— Two houses of 8 rooms arid bath each
and 2 Hats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath each, in good
condition: street bituminized; cement walks; brick
foundation. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■ " 638 Market St.
LEGANT MOPKRN BESIDJSNCK
. S\V. COR. FELL AND LOT STS.
FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
$12,600— A handsome hou.se of 11 rooms and
bath; strictly modern: complete in all details; also
stable; lot 31:3x125, with L 75x25: tills is an un-
excelled opportunity to secure a fine home at a
sacrifice. Apply at office for permit to in*j>< ct.
EASTON, JCLDRiDGE & CO.,
' ■ ■■ 638 Market st.
f^INE FLATS : '- !
J ON SEVENTEENTH ST.
MUST BE SOLD.
$6500— Two handsome flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath: on north side of the street ; only 3 years'
old; lot 25x110, with L 25x74; this property cost
over« 8500. EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st. ■
A COZY HOME.
NEW AND MODERN.
. LOW CASH PRICE.
EASY TERMS.
Handsome 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath :
arge basement: substantially built; complete in
all details; only $250 cash, balance monthly same
as rent; ou California St.. near Second aye.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
BIG VALUE.
OX FIFTEENTH ST.,
TWO BLOCKS NORTH OF MARKET.
Reduced to $6 000; modern 2-story residence of
9 rooms, bath, stable and carriaee-honse; on the
north side of the street; lars-e lot, 48x116; half of
lot vacant. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
- 638 Market Bt.
PANHANDLE LOTS, '
X NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$5500— Double lot on the north side of Page
street, near bury; 50x137:6: choice residence
site.
$1750— Waller street, near Clayton; 25x108; fine
local ion for home.
$1500-North side of Carl street, near Cole-
-25x137:6.
MORE LOTS.
ALL BARGAINS. A V
SURE TO ADVANCE.
$1250-18 th street, near Noe; 25x114; elegant
view; thi3 is prospective busiuess property.
$1100— A corner on the Ocean House road, near
the new racetrack ; 50x127.
$750— North side of 15th strept, near Castro; i
25x114; only two blocks from Market.
$500— 21 st avenue, near Clement; 25x120;
graded, sewered and macadamized.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
■ 638 Market st.
V"O INTEREST! NO INTEREST! NO IX-
-L> terest! $250 to ?350; SO lots near Mission-
st. electric road: cars every few minutes; $5
down and $5 per month; uo interest; closing out
tract of 125 lots.
JON ■:<, ALLEN & CO., 680 Market St.
0 LOTS OPP. TERMINUS OF VALENCIA-ST.
■v caole-cars; will sell very cheap for cash.
JONES, ALLEN A CO., 630 Market St.
9^fl TO 500 EACH FOR BEST LOTS
«jp — O\J S. of the Parkin boulevard blocks: grand
ocean boulevard Is now being macadamized by
the Paik Commissioners; will sell for $5 down and
$5 per month for a shor: time only.
: JONES, ALLEN A CO., 630 Market st.
Qtl9^FOR NICE LEVEL LOTS NEAR
<iP X-jO I'ruitvale aye.. East Oakland; ready for
building; $5 down and $5 per month; no interest.
I JONES, ALLEN & CO., 630 Market, st.
"JV^EW HOUSE: 5 ROOMS AND ATTIC AND
-'-'I hath; modern improvements; Jersey st. nr.
Douglass, Apply WM. PLANT, cor. 24th ana
Dougla«3.
XTB AORITINARY BARGAIN.
-i PRICE $5600. PBESENT INCOME, $50.
SHOULD BRING $75 A MONTH.
Elegant 4-story fine building on heavy brick
foundation; containing 16 main beautifully hn-
lshed rooms, 20 closets, 11 marble mautels, and
grates, 4 bathrooms, dummy waiter, elevators,
speaking-tubes, bay-windows front and rear, man-
sard roof, new plumbing, sidewalk, sewer an 1
street work good arid complete; the 23x97:6-foot
lot has open paved alley in rear; in first-class con-
dition; 5 minutes' walk from Maricet and Kearn\'.
N. D. SICKELS,
TIIK
LAND AGENT,
318 Po3t st., bet. Stockton ana Powell, City.
\ NEW BLOCK; ~~~ ~~
■£\. JUST SUBDIVIDED,
BOUNDED BY 10TH AND 11TU AYES.,
N AND O _-
SOUTH OF THE PARK:
Prices, $350 for corners. 82: 6x100;
Inside lots. $25x120. $276 each;
Terms, $25 casu, $10 monthly.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
"PROPERTY WANTED KOR CASH— A RKSI-
X dence at $8000 to $10,000, between Pierce, De-
visadero, Sacramento and Pine sts. Address P. O.
box 2240.
Ql WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
*4>i- $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; ateep and
chrap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 26x100; $1 50weeklv: macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40xl0U; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st.. or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
£j9nn SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT IS
tJp.<I.UU worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash or installments; title Insurance; see
owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 3.
PAC I FIC HEIGHTS— GOUGH. NEAR BROAD-
way, No. 2420; new house, contains 8 rooms
and ail improvements; $7500; easy terms; house
open.
TTOUSES BU1LT?15O TO $275 A ROOM, CALL
J-J- and examine plan*.. 1149 Mission st.
pOTTAGE JUST COMPLETED; 98600; EASY
\J terms; Shotwell st., near 17th; 5 rooms, bath,
gas; elegant mantels, shades: tiled sink; all mod-
ern; open aally.. E. P. E. TROY, owner, 301 Cali-
fornia st. • ■ I
FOR SALE OR TRADE-160-AORE GRAIN
ranch: all fenced: comfortable buildings: near
Tiptou.Tulare County: price $6000. PHILBRICK
A CO., 254S Folsom. near Twenty-second.
1A X VIEW LOTS: XEAR NEW RACE-
-i trark; low prices; easy terms. THE MCCAR-
THY CO., 646Marketst. ■
<Htl 9 f\f)f\ SOLID S-STORY RESIDENCE;
rJllii.UW, 727 Golden Gate aye.: lot 25x
137:6. This is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Bill lard-room; frescoing, etc. Open 1
for inspection.
ALONK* TO I.OAK*. ~- ~
oTJ^^LOAI^DreU'pERCExf'oN'liiORlC
Bages. A. F. JOHN. -. & CO., 632 Market st.
HY PAY *5 ON THE HUNDRED COM-
"" mission to the broker when you can get the
same direct from the loaner without it and with-
out charge for making out papers on your pianos i
and furniture of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable: lowest in-
terest without removal; any amount from $100 to i
$5000. 418 Ellis st.. room '22. . \
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
JU (Mortgages, furniture or pianos without -re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowestrates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
OANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;'
J-J city or country; furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
A DVAKCES ON DIAMONDS, ETC
-M( olumbiaLoau & Collateral Ofilce, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
xi. estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
IST AND 2D MORTGAGES; CITY OR COUN
JL try: administrators' mortgages, Interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 6v!B Mkt.
ORTGAGES, " pno ka LOANS, WAIU
I>X rants. SALOMON CO., 828Montsmry,r.214.
VIONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
Itl other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
110tiMarkei8t.,or. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
N FURNITURE AND PIANOS), WITHOUT
removal. Room 68, Donohoe b'd'g, 1170 Market
■\TOTICE OF $10,000 lv LOAN.-NOTICE IS
-Lv hereby given that the sum of ten thousand
dollars, belonging to the Robinson bequest fund, is
ready to be loaned for a term of years, to be se-
cured by a first mortgage on real estate in S»n
Francisco, California, \ All bids, with full partic-
ulars as to . terms, should be delivered at the
Mayor's oflice, new City HalL The ris;hi to reject '
any uid is reserved. ADOLPH sn'ilu, Chairman
of the Robinson Bequest Commission. Dated Jan-
uary 7, 1896. . - i
PAWSBKOB f\
AT 126 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
fi:na.ncjai.. ~. ;
A""sW6o~LoXx SvAi«T"ED^6^N~GILT^EDaE
Improved Western Addition income property;
no brokers or professional money-lenders need re-
A£dress_BltqWNlNG, box 77, Call Office. .
ANT SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
yonr furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate: call and state your proposition or write: oi>en
•Teninga. J. NOuNAN. 1021 Mission bu
1O EXCUASUK
SALOOX ANDnf^D^lN7j"Ho"uBir~F()R~^
clear lot in Mission; value $1000. HERMAN ' '
706 .Battery st. , .-
OUSE WANTED IN EXCHANGE FOR 2
park lots lncash. Aplly T. 8., box !
SEWI.NG MA* HIM. s.
VLL BOUGHT, sold, exchanged"
V rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth • j
COISTKT HEAL ESTATi,.
ALL IN -"FRUIT AND TABLE ORA BUT
-f»- 10 acres; only 1 mile from town; S'!\' 2 acres;
fine improvements; pear*. peachPB, rrunes, flija;
will Income at least $1500 clear; a large list of per-
sonal property reduced from $14,000 to $8000 to
make quick sale; Al creek bottom corn land: half
cash. D. H. TWING, Souoma City ; inquire at 63 a
Market st., S. F.
ESPARTO TOWN AND COLONY: ONLY OR
4 hours from the hay: the most equable climate
of Central California, and the nelehborhood of the
next preat development of electric power; eijual to
Folsom; a part of the "Rancho Canada d 8 Capay
Grant"; unquestionably the earliest and finest;
fruit oelt on the coast and superior to any for di-
versified farming; about tiOO .acres. in 20-acre
farms, surround th- town: town already con-
tains larpe brick blocks, a fine hotel, a line hi^h-
school building, water works, artesian, pure and
soft: desired a purchaser or purchasers to take the
whole interest of present owners in the colony lots
and town property, in lump or otherwise, at shock-
ingly low figures: it won't cost much to examine;
is an Irrigation canal on the land. Apply to GEO.
D. Fl.-KK at CO.. Woodland. Cal.
ORANUE BLOSSOM COLO ,
/ OAKDALK, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful youn?; orange groves in tracts of 6 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale. the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
I StocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water riotht. . "
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already plauted to Washine-
ton Navels. Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th« property is under the immediate
I direction and care of an eiperieuced horticulturist,
j who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State aud for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A Inch and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters. ■ : -
Prices for land, including a perpetual water rl;ht
and planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land wttn .rally paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
iect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogue*, ad-
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE .6; CO.,
638 Maricet Street.
ft>an Francisco. Cal.
OrF. T. KNEWINU, our representative,
... ■ Oakdale, CaU
A 162 ACRES 214 MILES WEST OF YOUNT-
ville; fine trout and salmon stream; good
roads: plenty of timber; only $15 per acre.
Four acres to 20-acre tracts; best land on earth;
in the city of Santa Rosa; ordinary ranch prices:
your own time.
HUGH SHIELS.6O2 Market, Crocker building.
OAA ACRjJS IN SAN LUIS OBIS PO COUNTY;
IJ\J\J all level; plenty of water; Rood range; very
desirable for stock; will trade for business in ck'y
or city property. G. S., Eureka Delivery, 1148
Mission st.
J? OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— 24O ACRES: '-JOO
. level, 60 clear; nice orchard assorted fruits;
plenty of wood and water; cood dwelling, barn,
etc.; nearly all fenced; close to large town; 10
hours irorn city; $3000; part cash, balance on
time; will trade for city property or good business.
C. 8., box 77, this office.
MARI COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Runcho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75neracre; terms made
to suit; send jortirculftr.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. ; - '• ■ :
SYNDICATK INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
TO 8 ACRE Cif ICKKN RANCHES ON* 10
years' credit. D. H. I'tVl.Ni;. Sonoma City.Cai.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF orchard homes
forsale. WOOSTKR it WHITTON. San Jose.
QM ALL ADVERTISEMENTS AND Si I !B1 P-
O tions taken at Cali, Branch Office, 717 Larkin
St., 339 Hayes st. and 2518 Mission at.; open till
0:30 i. m. *"
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
~ OAKtASD KKAL, ESTATE. ~~
(£•1 f)(\f\ COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS; PRETTY
*iP- 1 -" 1 -'^'' h'uish; fenced: near the Altenhelm;
electric-cars; on installments; a bargain. H. B.
PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
KKTIRING MERCHANT WISHESTO TRADE
his grocerr business fora2s-acr« ranch, near
Hay^ards or San Leandro. For full particu-
lars addres3T)ox 4. Call Office, Oakland.
"CiOR SALE— A NICE OAKLAND COTTAGE
X' home; northeast corner: convenient to local
station, school, etc.: cost more than $5000: will
be sold for less than $401)0. on very eivsy payments.
Apply to T. K. ANDERSON, 463 Ninth St., Oak-
land.
(C-OA MONTHLY FOR 5-ROOM. COTTAGES;
I$A\J plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate stat n.
fifl P.(\ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
VD-i-OXJ. ■ Fmltvaler electric cars; oniy $1 .down
and $1 a week; Belling fast; good Improvement*.
H. It. PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THK
\\ EEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
nited States or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
ag free. . '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMI.DA KKAL 1 STATE.
(5»09/iA $50 CASH, ?22 60 MONTHLY; 5
*Z)£i**\J\J. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$•.'4oo— No cash: $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage. ' ■ .
$:-000— $&0 cash: $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handHOine new cottage.
$3250— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 83x100; ele-
srant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
83500— 5300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottase: 7 rooms and bath.
.M.viulsK <& KE.MMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
T?XCELIuENT MODERN HOMES AT GREAT-
J-i ly reduced prices.
$2000— 4-room dwelling; original cost $2250.
50— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3000.
$3250— 5-room dwelling; original cost SJ.SSOO.
$3000— 0-rooni dwelling; original cost #3, r >ou.
$3200— 6-room dwelling; oriL'inal cost $:!600.
55100— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3750.
$7500— 8-room dwelling;. original cost $9000.
All new and modern on large lots and <n good
locations: very small cash payments and easy in-
stullment*. No reasonable terms refused. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Ala-
meda.
<S*OA FURNISHED HOUSE, 5 ROOMS AND
t]J?O\J. bath; .also 4 rooms partly furnishPd in
basement; 9 rooms in all; '2 blocks from narrow-
gau^e station. Alameda. Cal. Address WM. P.
TODD, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
<2?" l (\(\ DO"WN — LEG ANT NEW 5-ROOM
<IPJ-V/V/ modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150: price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St., Alameda.
A(\(\f\ • NEW AND MODERN HOUSE OF 7
ip'±\J\J\J. rooms and bath: lot 42x147:6: in
good locality; iermseasy; installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD CO.. 1364 Park St., Alameda.
A WEEK'S NEWS FoR 5 CENTS — THIS
■A. WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
BEKKIiLKV KKAii • iSSTATE.
ar^njrroNirY FOR THE FURN'fftJRE^
t$)U\J\J good-will ■ thrown in; large boarding-
house, with good business: only half a block from
university grounds; given up on account of sick-
ness. JOs. J. MASON, IMvight way station,
Berkeley. .
; SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
' KEAL KSTATK.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS. '
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
£2 East Santa Clara st., Kan Joss, Cal.
LtOAL >OTiCKS.
T^^pTß^ ; M^NT3?67'9^7p^O^BA^rE3r7N^H^
XJ .Superior Court, in and for the City and County
of San Francisco. state of California— ln the mar-
ter of the estate of ELIZABETH L. M.OXLEY,
deceased.
Notice is hereby given that TUKSDAY, the 14th
dayof January, A.l). at lOo'clock a.m. .sa;d
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of said
court, ai the new City Hall, in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving the
authenticated copy of the will of said ELIZABETH
L. MOXLEY, deceased, and for hearing the appli-
cation of JOHN C. HUGHES and JAMES W.
McELROY for the issuance to them of letters
testamentary.
Dated January 3, A. D. 1896.
[Seal.] CHARLES F. CURRY, Cleric
By F. B. HOUOHTON, Deputy Cleric.
JAM E S A W A V.MIHK, Attorney for Petitioners.
ASSKSSMEJiT NOTICE.
SSESSMKXT NOTTCK— GOOD HOPE MIN-
-cx inj; Company. Jx>catlon of princip 1 place of
business, .Sun Francisco, Cal.— Notice is hereby r
given that at a meeting of the directors held on
December '2B. 1895, an assessment to be known as
assessment No. 4, of seventy (70) cents per share
whs levied upon' the capital s^tock o! the corpor-
ation, payable immediately to the treasurer of ihe
company at the company's office, rooms 1 and 2,
len;h floor, Mills building, northeast corner Bush
and Montgomery streets, City and County of San
Francisco. .suite of California. Any stock: nuon
which said assessment shall remain unpaid on the
SOth dnv of January, 1896, will be delinquent and
advertised for sale at public auction, and, unless
payment Is made before, will be sold on the 20ih
day of February, 1896, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment together with costs of advrtisint; and ex-
penses of sale. C. H. HOLBKOOK JR..
... Secretary Good Hope Minim? Company.
Office— Rooms 1 ana 2, tenth floor, illUs build-
ng, San Francisco, Cal.
JVIAIUtIAGE LICJBKBISB.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County ClerK's otiice yesterday:
Abe MaetCtef and" Kosa Walter. »U-32.
C. H. -.stance and Caroline H. Henrinit, 30-24.
P. M. Levy and Marie Cazorane. 30—27.
A. D. Cridge and Laura M. Atkinson, 35—33.
H. M. Tuttle and Bflla A. Gwinn, aB—
DITOROK JPKOOISEDISr«3.';
Complaints filed: .' • ■ • •
Flora s.'( lay against Horace T. Clay. '
Crezencla T. blucb. against P. G. Beblnch.
Himon C. Sullivan opainst Ellie Sullivan. .
. Allie 1. Darling aaainst Emma A. Darling.
— iH AhlilAuLS-— DEATHS.
BORN.
BOXTON— this city. December 31, 1895, to the
wife of Dr. Charles Boxton, a daughter.
FEHT— 12, 1896. to the .wife of Herman
Fein, a son.
HELL.BERG-In this city, December 27, 1595, to
the wife or Henry Hellberg. a daughter. • - *
KOHLBECKER-In this city, January 10, 1896,
to the wife of S.'Kohlbectcer, a son.
RTJBB— In Cloverdale, January 10, 1896, to the
wife of F. H. Hus<, a daughter.
MARRIED.!
CASSIDY— ADAMS —In South san Francisco.
January 11. 18»6, by the Rev. Everett M. Hill,
• John R. Cassldy and Mamie E. Adams, both of
San Francisco.
CRIDGE— ATKINSON— this city. January 11,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Dille, Alfred Demon Cridge
of Lemoorc, Kings County, Cal., and Laura M.
Atkinson of San Francisco.
LUDWIG— HODGE— In this city. January 12.
. 1896, by the Rev. Dr. Dille. Charles 1-. Ludwig of
; San Francisco and Bessie Hodge of Nevada City,
! Cal.
RUESS— SAENGER— In this city, Jannarv 12,
1896, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. August V.
Ruess and Amelia C. Saenser.
"SMALL-SLAXKARD-In this city, January 12,
1896, i>y the Rev. [)r. W. W. Case, George Small
of Decoto and Mary Slanbard of Salinas.
DIED.;
Corcoran. William R. Hugh, Erldget
. Conch, John O'Rourke. 'liiomaa
Cow-illl. James Roach, Ann
Goldßteiu. Margaret Rohrbachfr. Charles C.
Hallahan, John J. Schnbert. Mn. Pauline
Knutzen, Axel A. Webb, Arthur L.
Kohrstrom, Axel F. Welch, John J.
Larsen, Agnes M. ' interbeqti Iva I*
McDerraott, John . Wood, Andrew L.
CORCORAN— In this city, William R. Corcoran,
sou of the late Mar:in Corcoran, aged 41 years.
COUCH— In this city, January 13. 18f>6. John,
dearly beloved husband of Rose coach, a native
of Cornwall. England, aged 67 years.
UGB"Friends and acoualti'ances Rr>» r<«sn*ct-
fully invited to attend thefunerai TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from his lat«
residence, 448 Guerrero street. Intermeut Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
COWSILL— In this city, January 12. 1896. .lames
C'owsill, a native of Er-Kland, agfd 35 years.
aSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock i: m.. from his late resi-
dence, 321 Eddy street. • •
GOLDSTEIN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 12, 1896, Margaret Goldstein, aged 32
years.
HALLAHAN— In Vallejo, January 11, 1896. John
J. Halluhan, a native of Massachusetts, aged 39
years.
KNUTZEN— this city, January 13. 1896, Axel
Albert, beloved and only child of F. anJ Laura
Knataen, a native of Denmark, aged 1 1 months
and 16 duys.
KOHRSTROM— In this city.January 13.1896, Axel
Frederick, beloved husband of Viva Kohrstrom,
a native of the City of Sut.dsvall, Sweden, aged
25 years' 10 months and 21 days.
JKjTßemalns attheparlor3Of Petersen <fe Gant-
ner. 8 and .10 City Hall square. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LARSEN— In this city. January 12. 1596. at her
residence, 907 Howard street, Agnes .Mary, be-
iowd daughter of Catherine and the late A. J.
Larsen, and sister of L. A. Larsen. a native of
Chicago, 111., aged 23 years 2 nioaths and 22
days.
O" Friends and acquaintances ar« n»sr>
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORl: .V
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the First
■ Baptist Church, Eddy street, between Jones and
Leavenworth. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— In this city, January 13, 1«96, at
his residence, 124 Tenth street, John, beloved
husband of Margaret McDermott, a native of
Ireland, aged 77 years.
S3-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW !
. (Wednesday) from St. Joseph's Church, Tenth
street, where a requiem high mass will be.
' celebrated for the repose of his soni. commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Please omit flowers.
Interment private. .
McHUGH— In this city, Jantmry 13, 1896, Brideet,
• beloved wife ot Owen Mellugh, and motnerof j
Mamie, Annie, James. William F., J. J., Sarah,.
Tgnatius and George Mellugh, a native of County
Lonsford, Ireland, aged 40 years and 10 months.
AJB"Frienrt3 and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 1798 McAllister street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy and Scott streets, where a'
requiem high mass w-11 be celebrated for the
repose of her soul.' eoramencincr at 10:30 o'clock ,
a. m. luterment Mouut Calvary Cemetery.
O'ROURKE— In this city, January 13, 1896,
Thomas, beloved son of Patrick and Mary
O'Rotirke. and brother of Patrick, Martin. John
and "William O'Rourke. a native of Carerotv,
parish of Dunmore, County Galway, Ireland,
aged 33 years.
JkyFrlemls and. acquaintances 'are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 a.m., from the residence of
• the parents, 338 Thirteenth street, thence to St .
Charles Borromeo's Cnurcn, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ~> ■ .
ROACH— this city, January 13, 1896, Ann,
cearly beloved wife of tbe late Patrick Roach,
mother of Thomas, John and the late Mary
Roach, and sister of Mrs. P. Manlon, a native of
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 56 years.
£S~Friends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Wednesday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. m.. trom her late
. residence, 138 Kose avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Frumore nnd Fell streets,
■ where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated .
for the repose of her soul, commencing- at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme- .
tery.
ROHRBACHER— Tn this city. January 11. 1896, l
Charles C. Rohrbacher, a native of Baden-Baden,
Germany, aged 34 years » months and 25 days.
JB3~Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
, dence. 412 State street.
SCHUBERT— In West Berkeley, January 12,
1896, Mrs. Pauline Schubert, a native of Danzig,
Germany, aged 54 ears.
JBfS*The tuneral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par- •■
lors of A. Brown. 2139-2141 Center street. East
Berkeley, thence to the crema:ory, Cypress Lawn
. Cemetery, San Mateo, where the body will ar-
rive at 3 o'clock p. if. Friends are respectfully
invited to attend.
WEBB— In this city, January 12, 1896, Arthur I*
Webb, a native ot Oakland, aged 85 years.
JB3T"Remalns at the pariors of N. Gray & Co.,
i 641 Sacramento street.
WELCH— In this citT, January 13, 1896, John J.
j Welch, a native of New Birmingham, County
Tipperary. Ireland, aged 68 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the
chapel of St. Mary's Hospital, where a Solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing a f the above hour.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WINTERBERG— In this city, January 12, 1896,
Iva Lillie, beloved wife of G. C. Wlnterberg, and
daughter of L. L. and Isabella Ewing, sister ot
Mary and Abbie Ewing. daughter-in-law of Mrs.
L. Junker, and sister-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. J.
: Castor, Mr. and Mrs. P. Gretsch, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Wlnterberg and Carl Junker, a native of Fenn-
. aylvania, aged 28 years 3 months and 22 days.
: CWeatcheater and Philadelphia and Laramia
(Wyo.i papers please copy.)
- aSTFrienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the fam-
ily residence, 1611 Turk etreet. Interment ■
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
I. O. O. F.— The officers and members of Oriental
Rebekan Lodve No. 90. I. O. O. F., are hereby
notitied to attend the funeral of our late sister,
Iva Lillian Wlnterberg (nee Ewing) from her
. late residence, 161 1 Turk street, San Francisco,
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at '2 o'clock p. M. Mem-,
bers will please assemble at 1611 Turk street at
; 1 :30 P. m. By order of the Noble Grand.
. ETTA MEYERDERKS. Secretary.
WOOD— In this city. January 12. 1896. Andrew L.,
■ beloved son of Maggie E. Wood, and brother of
John H.. Maggie E., Kittle L. and William P.
Wood, a native of San Francisco, aged , 25 years !
■ 4 months and 10 days.
£s* Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS I>.\Y
: (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from 670 Mission
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. •
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS. ;
j Everything Requisite for First-class Funeral*
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
jaStm'cM'rnoijstT™™"^™" Chas."mcMb>joi£kv.
JAMES aicMENOME* & SON. •
UNDERTAKERS AND KMBAiMKES,
1057 Mission Stir«et, Near Seventh. i
Telephone No. 3384.
f
JAS. ENGLISH. • T. R. CAREW
CAREW Se ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Vail Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone .^o. 3156. N. B.— Not connected with
any other house in thra city. • '
NIcAVOY GALLAGHER, "i
FUNERAL DIBECTORS 4 EMBAUIER3,
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
, , . Telephone 8080.
CYPRESS LAWM CEMETERY,
TNBAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARIAWt
X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care- bean*
Ural, permanent and easy of access; seeit'befar*
hßjring a burial place elsewhere. ■ ™
I City office, • City Ball Ayodh*
1516
BAPTISM OF A PRINCE
The Infant Poniatowski Chris
tened in the Catholic
Faith.
BY ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN.
A Promise Made to the Church in
Paris Was Hereby Fulfilled by
the Princess.
A Prince born to the house of Poniatow-
Fki was christened in the Roman Catholic
faith last Sunday by Archbishop Riordan.
This event led to the circulation of a
rumor tnat the Princess, becoming enam
ored of the controversy between Father
Yorke and his adversaries, was so earnestly
and profandly impressed with the logical
truth of the reverend father's position
that she had renounced her allegiance to
the Episcopal faith and embraced the doc
trines of the church of Rome. It is said
that Rev. Dr. Foute endeavored to im
press on her mind that the worship of the
Virgin Mary was really a form of idolatry,
but the Princess was not convinced.
It is a fact that the infant son of the
Prince and Princess was christened last
Sunday by Archbishop Riordan, but it
does not turn out to be true that the Prin
cess has renounced h<»r loyalty to the doc
trines of the Episcopal faith, and more
over it does not appear that such renunci
ation is contemplated.
William H. Crocker was asked yesterday
how much truth there was in the rumor,
and he said: "It is true that the infant
child of Prince and Princess Poniatowski
was christened by Archbishop Riordan
yesterday afternoon, but this is how it
came about: When Miss Sperry and the
Prince were married there were three cere
monies in Paris. The first was the civil
form in accordance with the laws of
France, on the following day they were
married according to the form of the Epis
cupal church, of which the Princess is a
member, and of the Catholic church, to
•which the Prince's family belongs.
"As for the Prince himself he is liberal
in his views, but according to the custom
of the Catholic church the Princess was
obliged to promise that if any cnildren
should be born of the marriage they should
be baptized in the Roman Catholic faith,
and in line with that promise the baby was
christened by Archbishop Riordan.
"There was no display or ceremony and
no change of religious convictions. The
Princess is an Episcopalian now and will
■propably adhere to that faith as long as
she lives. That is all there is in the
Btory."
The Princess accorded The Call an in
terview yesterday and of the ceremony of
christening said:
'•The christening took place at 3 o'clock
yesterday afternoon at the Archbishop's
residence. It was very simple through
out. No special robe was worn by the
child. He was dressed simply in a
little white coat. Two priests assisted the
Right Rev. Archbishop Riordan in the
ceremonies, which were brief, and only
immediate members of the family were
present.
"The godfather was Count Le Hon, a
cousin of the Prince. The child's bap
tismal name is Stanislaus August Ponia
tOWSKi."
The Princess said, in reply to questions,
that no golden cup or presents of an
other description were given.
The young Prince, who is less than three
months old, was not embarrassed in the
least by the ceremony. When one of the
lighted candles held by an acolyte came
within easy distance he attempted to
grasp it. The Fourth of July spirit evinced
by the youngster in trying to grasp a
candle excited the admiration of his
uncle, Will Crocker.
As the Prince and Princess and Mr. and
Mrs. Crocker were about to leave, the
Archbishop said: "Here, let me give the
little fellow a present," and accordingly
Stanislaus August Poniatowski received a
prayer-book.
The name Stanislaus August, which will
probably be abbreviated by young Ameri
cans to "Stan" or "Gus," is derived from
an illustrious King of Poland.
AWAY IN THE FAR NORTH
"From San Francisco Through
the Golden Gate to Alaska
and Back."
An Interesting Lecture Before the
Pioneers by the Father of
the Yosemite.
The lecture hall of the Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers was well filled last even
ing by an assemblage of pioneers and their
friends, who had gathered to listen to
the third of the present course of Lick lec
tures.
The lecture was an illustrated one en
titled, "Through the Golden Gate to Alaska
and Ileturn via California," and the lec
turer was J. M. Hutchings, the man who
cave to the world the first description of
Yosemite Valley, and when introduced by
President Tilden was presented as "The
Father of the Yosemite."
The lecturer, after expressing his pleas
ure at seeing so many who had braved the
inclemency of the weather to hear what he
would say, spoke of Alaska, and how the
Government had purchased it for a paltry
$7,2.30,000, and had more than been reim
bursed in the amount paid annually by the
Alaska Commercial Company.
"This country," said the speaker, "is a
most wonderful one, being rich in fish
eries, mines of gold and minerals and af
fords a tine opportunity for the energy
and enterprise of our young men. But it
is the duty of the Government to see that
this Territory be kept from the hands of
speculators and that it be turned over
only to actual settlers. The Perkins bill
for the disposition of lands in Alaska may
be a good one, but it should be closely
scrutinized to see that there is not some
thing in it that will give speculators an
opportunity to grab all the land and then
sell it to settlers at a great advance.
"The extreme western end of the Terri
tory, the Aleutian Islands, is further
from San Francisco than the State of
Maine is from the same city. The climate
on the coast line is by reason of the
Japanese current much warmer than ter
ritory in the same latitude on the Atlantic
seaboard. The most pleasant months are
May, June and July, and these who want
to visit our far-north possessions should do
so in those months— that is, if they go for
pleasure. In August and September it
rains almost incessantly, and in those
months people flounder in mud and water.
In some places the rainfall is 40 inches,
and it rains for 150 days, while in Sitka the
rainfall is from tiO to 90 inches a season,
with from 190 to 285 rainy days during the
year. California is said to be the 'para
dise for tenderfeet,' but surely Alaska is
the 'paradise for the webfeet.' "
The lecturer paid a glowing tribute to
the United States Government and the
Geographical Survey for what had been
done in the way of scientific research in
that country, and particularly in the ex
ploration of the Malaspina glacier, which
covers an area of 1500 square miles.
Then by means of a great number of pic
tures thrown on the canvas the lecturer
took his audience through the Golden
Gate, showing them familiar City scenes
and views of the bay to the Farallone Is
lands, giving them views of many points
of interest on those lonely points, scenes by
moonlight on the bay and ocean, the
Malaspina glacier, and explained the hard
ships of Russell Cook on his voyage of
discovery there. He showed them many
views of Alaska, including Sitka, the
Treadwell mine, the wonderful forest grow
ing on a morain that rests on a sub
strata of ice, scenes on the Columbia River,
in the Siskiyou Mountains, Mount Shasta,
the sources of the Sacramento River, of
the orange belt near Chico, scenes in
Sonoma and Nana valleys, and closed with
the ferry landing in this City by night.
The lecturer, who was frequently ap
plauded, declared that the time allotted
him precluded a lecture such as the sub
ject merited, and added that California
and the north had all the beautiful scenery
that any one could possibly wish to see.
REVERSED AND AFFIRMED.
Two Supreme Court Decisions
in the Sternberg
Cases.
By a Small Technicality Sternberg
May Escape Three Good Years
in Prison.
The Supreme Court has in two decisions
affirmed and denied the ruling of Judge
Wallace in the cases of Louis Sternberg. In
the first case, one in which Sternberg was
accused of falselyregistering A. Gutraan,the
Supreme Court has amrmed the order deny
ing a new trial; in the other one, in which
the registration charge was based upon the
name of David Newman, the order deny
ing a new trial was reversed.
In the Gutman case the exceptions were
to the ruling of the court regarding certain
instructions to the jury. The instructions
asked for by the defense were that Newman
and Samuel Lusk, two of the witnesses in
the case, were accomplices. Both Newman
and Lusk were also the principal witnesses
in the charge of falsely registering New
man. Judge Wallace "held that neither
Lusk nor Newman were accomplices in the
Gutman registration, and he therefore re
fused to charge the jury to that effect. He
held that there was no evidence to in any
wav connect tnem as accomplices in that
particular case.
As this was the principal ground for the
motion for a new trial which had been de
nied, the Supreme Court afh'rms the deci
sion of the lower court, holding that Judge
AVallace was correct in refusing lo give the
instructions asiced.
In the Newman case the reversal was
based upon instructions to the jury offered
by the defense and refused by the Judge.
The defense asked for three instructions,
two of which the court held it was an
error not to submit to the jury. The rirst
of these two instructions was that the tes
timony of an accomplice should be viewed
with distrust and caution. The second
was that corroborative evidence meant ad
ditional evidence of a different character
to the same point. These instructions
Judge Wallace refused to deliver, and the
Supreme Court held that this was fatal error.
Judge Wallace had previously instructed
the jury that in this case Gutman and
Lusk were not accomplices, but that
Newman was an accomplice. The court
held tnat these instructions, being as to
matters of fact, were erroneously delivered,
but as the error was entirely in favor of
the defendant counsel for the defense
could not take advantage of it.
Sternberg had been sentenced to three
years' imprisonment on each charge, and
it is not probable that he will be again
tried upon the reversed verdict in the New
man case. He will very probably be made
to serve the full term on the Gutman
charge and the Newmau charge will be al
lowed to lapse.
COULD TALK ENGLISH.
A Boy Peddler May Be Adjudged Guilty
of Contempt for Demanding an
Interpreter.
George Hollumas, a boy peddler, nar
rowly escaped being adjudged guilty of
contempt of court by Judge Joachimsen
yesterday afternoon. He was on trial for
peddling without a license.
When he took the witness-stand his at
torney, A. B. Treadwell, asked for a Greek
interpreter, as the boy, he alleged, did not
understand the English language. The
deputy license inspector who arrested the
boy said he talked well enough when
placed under arrest.
The Judge asked the boy if he could talk
English and the boy shook his head. An
interpreter was hunted up, and at the
close of tne examination Treadwell asked
the boy, "You have often driven the cart,
haven't you?" Before the interpreter
could T>ut the question the boy blurted
out, "Why, certainly." Tne Judge looked
severely at him for a moment, while Pros
ecuting Attorney Dare urged that he
should be adjudged guilty of contempt of
court. "He has put us to considerable an
noyance," said the Prosecuting Attorney,
"and wasted the time of the court and
should be punished for it."
The Judge convicted him of peddling
without a license and ordered him to ap
pear for sentence to-day, when he may
taice some action on the "suggestion of the
Prosecuting Attorney.
ODD FELLOWS' LIBRARY.
An Effort Being Made to Awaken an
Interest In It.
When the Odd Fellows' Library of this
City, which has on its shelves over 44,000
volumes, including many of the most
valuable books of reference ohtainable,
was reincorporated in 1870, without capital
stock, it was resolved to maintain it by
the City lodges paying yearly $2 per
capita.
Prom time to time of late years one
lodge and another withdrew its support
and the directors, believing that it is too
valuable a collection of books to pass out
of the control of the Odd Fellows, sent an
appeal a short time ago to each of the
thirty-one subordinate lodges in this City
to send representatives to a meeting to be
held for the purpose of devising ways and
means to continue the library. The meet
ing was held last Saturday night, when
eighteen lodges were represented. Each
delegate expressed himself in favor of
adding his individual effort to the object
sought to be attained.
The following-named were appointed a
committee to report at the next meeting a
plan of operation: George T. Shaw, W. H.
Barnes, H. T. Creswell, James Linforth,
E. H. Black, A. Street and Mr. Gp.rrctt.
DAIRYMEN'S MEETING.
A State Convention to Be Held at Peta-
lvii i. -4 To- Morrow.
The California Dairy Association is to
hold a convention at Petaluma to-morrow,
in conjunction with a meeting of Pomona
Grange of Sonoma County. Professors E.
J. Wickson and M. E. Jaffa of the State
University will lecture on scientific feed
ing and several dairymen will speak. This
is to be the first of a series of monthly
meetings, to be held at various points in
tne State. '
Music, magazines, papers, etc., bound neatly
by the MyseU-Rollinß Co., 22 Clay. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1896.
PAINTS WITH HIS FEEL
William Keith Has Made Some
Startling Art Discoveries
of Late.
AN INVIGORATING PLEASURE.
The Landscape Artist Does the Un
usual Thing of Jumping on His
Own Pictures.
Stanton may, perhaps, know how to
paint pictures of the shore of Brittany,
Joullin is beyond a doubt a good judge of
sand when he sees it, and Arthur Mathews
may know that the sun is yellow, and
Willis Polk may be able to distinguish
black from white, but Keith, William
Keith, landscape artist, overtops them all.
William Keith paints pictures with his
feet— and good ones, too. Any time in the
day now one can go into Keith's studio
and witness him in the act of producing
a deep, shady forest, with a vista of blue
sky in the distance, and all he uses to
bring about a wonderful impressionistic
result is a pair of number nine feet. There
is not even anything up his sleeve.
Mr. Keith was visited yesterday, and the
caller found him in the act of painting
Mount Tarnalpais in the evening. He was
greatly elated over the fact that he had
almost finished a sunrise picture, with the
Alameda hills in the background, and was
in a very talkative mood.
"Now you see," said the artist, by way
of explanation, "this is the only way to
get quality. Just look at that effect
there," holding up a piece of matting
board that looked like the label off a
WILLIAM KKlTli FINDS IT PROFITABLE TO JUMP ON HIS OWN
PICTURES.
tomato can. "There is the groundwork of
a great piece of color. It looks common
now, and you would not imagine that it
could be made into a magnificent land
scape by a lew simple movements of the
feet. I will show you in just a moment
that the art of landscape painting is as yet
unknown to civilization. Talk about
Church and Turner. They are mere in
fants in the business. Watch me."
Mr. Keitli then took a combination of
colors from his paint-tubes and spread
them all over his palette. He then scram
bled them around with his knife and
transferred them in a reckless way to two
pieces of matting-board that had pre
viously been arranged with what the artist
called "the ground work." After complet
ing this preliminary operation he cast his
paints aside and stuck the two pices of
matting together, era eared sides in.
"Now," he continued, "I will show you
the eiements of impression. Just stand
off to one side, where you can see me in
the act of getting results. Don't get ex
cited; I am perfectly cool myself, so dpn't
get unstrung at what you are about to
witness. I am a little sick to-day, but I
guess I can get a picture if things go right.
Are you ready to see something great?"
"Yes," answered the visitor, expect
antly.
"All right; here goes." With that, Mr.
Keith, William Keith, the idol of the land
scape students, the most productive
painter on the coast, the disciple of the
old masters, laid the two sheets of matting
paper upon the floor, and with the agility
of an Apache Indian began a war dance
on them. He skipped from corner to cor
ner and in all directions of the compass,
until his feet had traversed the entire sur
lace of the board.
Presently he stepped to one side,
mopped the perspiration off his forehead
and picked up the sheets with a trembling
hand. "We will now see what the result
is," said he, and straightway separated
the pieces, which came apart with a noise
like a North Beach kiss. "Ah-h-h-h," he
exclaimed, holding tlie production at
arm's length. "Great, magnificent. By
George, that's the way to get effects. See
the trees, the pathway leading into the
woods, the — and by the eternal, there's
a cow, and a strip of water, and some au
tumn leaves, as well a line sky effect. See
the sunlight breaking through the leaves.
Look at it. Wonderful, wonderful! Did
you ever see anything so delicate as that
quality over there by the hillside? Look,
look ! Try one more."
In his excitement Mr. Keith prepared
another pair of matting-sheets, and before
the visitor could catch his breath the artist
was jumping all over the place again. He
pranced around like a happy schoolboy
and looked at the production through
squinted eyes, holding it in every conceiv
able position until the best effect was
brought out. "I know I ought not to do
this when I am not well, but I can't help
it," he ventured by way of explanation,
"and then the fun of seeing the way things
will shape themselves is sufficient compen
sation for the failures.
"I have tried it many times and have in
some cases made good pictures. It gives
me ideas and I work around the ideais. 1
have made some of the most startling
things with my feet, and believe I have
struck something that is worth following
up. Now here is a result that I got yester
day." He then produced a small picture
that at lirst looked like a depository for all
the refuse paint in the studio, but after a
little study it presented qualities that an
artist could not secure designedly if he
worked a thousand years.
Keith looked at "it lovingly a moment,
and finally concluded to give it another
coat and jump on it some more, which he
proceeded to do with all the activity he
could command.
This sort of amusement is a regular
thing for Keith nowadays, and is at the
tame time healthful and invigorating.
He hones in time to perfect a new school
of art where the painter can throw his pic
tures down on the floor and let patrons
walk on them for a while, after which
they will be varnished, framed and sold at
the regular rates as "footprints."
Everybody will then be able to decorate
his parlor with impressionistic paintings
that will be impossible of duplication.
Ihere will be no stock chestnuts and
every man will be his own decorator. Men
and women with big feet will be in de
mand, and Chicago will become the art
center of the world.
SEEKING VENGEANCE.
Enrique Cano, a Jeweler, Creates a
Scene in Judge Low's Court and
Is Arrested.
Enrique Cano, a jeweler, was arrested
outside Judge Low's courtroom yesterday
morning on a warrant at the instance of
A. Rulfs, charging him with threats to
kill.
Rulfs keeps a lodging-house at Oak street
and Van Ness avenue. Some months ago
Cano, who was one of Rulfs' lodgers, was
forcibly ejected, because he refused to pay
the rent due, and his household goods
thrown into the street. Cano vowed venße
ance and shortly afterward swore out
three warrants in Judge Low's court for
Kuifs arrest on charges of forcible entry.
The landlord was arrested and released on
bail.
The cases hung fire in the Police Court,
and Cano, who saw no reason for the law's
delay, carried his grievance before the last
Grand Jury, but no indictments were re
turned. The new Grand Jury had hardly
assumed its duties when Cano appeared
before it and told the story of his supposed
wrongs. Thus far no action has been
taKen and Cano has been haunting the
City Hull waiting for his vengeance.
Yesterday morning the cases against
Rnlfa were called in Judge Low's court
and Cano created a scene. He wanted to
recite the story of his wrongs in open court
and the bailiff had to take him in hand.
As he left the courtroom he was arrested
on the warrant sworn out by Kulfs. Judge
Low expressed t!ie belief that Cano's mind
was affected, but he subsequently signed
an order for his discharge.
THE MARY HELP HOSPITAL
The Late Mrs. Kate Johnson's
Noble Legacy to the
Sick Poor.
The Institution to Be Generously En
dowed and Free to Women
and Children.
Before long the list of the City's char
itable institutions will be augmented by
the opening of Mary Help Hospital, the
endowment of which was bequeathed by
the late Mrs. Kate Johnson. Dr. Luke
Robinson, one of the directors of the new
hospital, when asked yesterday whether
work on the buildings would soon be com
menced, said :
We have on hnnil a considerable amount, but
do not feel warranted in commencing to build
until we are .sure how much money we are go
ing to have. The Gibraltar Warehouses will be
part of the landed endowment, the rents form
ing a considerable portion of the hospital's
revenues. We are at present putting the ware
houses into first-class condition, in order that
they may yield a steady income and be no
charge upon the endowment for some years to
come.
I do not care to speak positively as to the ex
act amount which we expect to receive; but I
imagine it will be in the neighborhood of
$<KK),OOO. At all events, we shall get one-third
of the estate after the partitio i and distribu
tion. The winding-up of the estate takes a
considerable amount of time. For example,
there is one large property which has yet to be
sold and the proceeds divided among nineteen
heirs. Hence we cannot begin to build at
present nor in the immediate future, but I
trust we may be able to commence before the
I lapse of another year.
I'his hospital will be unique among the
charitable institutions of the City. It is to be
absolutely free to women and children, with
i out any distinction being made as to their na
| tionality, color or religious belief. Men will
not be received, even though willing to pay.
; In fact, one of Mrs. Johnson's dying commands
was to the effect that no paying patients be ad
mitted under any circumstances whatever,
and that all services, medical attendance, food,
lodgment ana medicine be supplied gratui
tously.
The" hospital is to be conducted by the Gray
Nuns, or Sisters of St. Vincent de Paul, a well
known order of hospital sisters deservedly
popular in France and in Canada, where they
have charge of the Hotel Dieu at Quebec anil
the General Hospital at Montreal, besides a
large number of infirmaries.
NEW TO -DAT.
Ten Years Ago
Best shoes were hand-sewed,
cost $6 to $12 a pair. To-day best
shoes — better than hand-sewed
then or now — are Goodyear Welts,
cost $3 to $6 a pair.
Better shoes at half the cost; that's what you get in
CQODYEAR WELT SHOES.
UNION LEAGUE ELECTION.
Contest for the Presidency of the
Club Takes Place
To-Day.
A LARGE VOTE PROMISED.
George A. Stone Brought Forward to
Dispute General Friedrich's
Promotion.
The annual election of officers for the
Union League Club will take place to-day.
The voting will begin at Ip. m. and close
at Bp. m. Since the regular ticket and the
members' ticket were published in The
Call a few days ago General W. H.
Dimond has announced that he is not a
candidate for president of the club. No
doubt there was a design upon the part of
certain members of the organization to
use General Dimond's popularity to divide
the strength of General Friedrich's forces,
but when General Dimond saw the situa
tion in its true light he would not consent
to stand as the exponent of the faction
which proposed to cast aside an honored
custom of the club in order to deprive
General Friedrich of promotion from the
first vice-presidency to the office of presi
dent.
The opponents of General Fiederich. con
sisting of a few ex-Federal office-holders and
two or three Guard staff officers,
have changed front now and resorted to the
tactics of introducing a third ticket to
complicate the voting, and have rallied
around Colonel George A. Stone, one of
General Sheehan's directors of the Peo
ple's Home Bank. They hope to bring out
of the confusion a board of directors that
will elect Colonel Stone president of the
club. John F. Sheehan, ex-adjutant gen
eral, ex-Registrar of the United States
Land Office and the present receiver of the
People's Home Bank, is said to be a warm
advocate of Stone's election. Ex-United
States Pension Agent Currier is a brother
officer of Colonel Stone on the staff of
General Dimond, and is also campaigning
with some activity.
An election in the Union Club signifies
something to a vast legion of Republicans
in California who cannot afford the luxury
of club membership. These voters are
proud to see a social organization of lead
ing Republicans maintained and feel that
the club can exert a great deal of intluence
toward party success. They know as a j
dead sure fact, however, that several of the
most notorious and successful seekers of
Federal office, who have iost their follow
ing in the Grand Army and Loyal Legion,
are now playing the Union League Club as
their last card to win favor at Washington
under the next Republican President. If
this office-seeking crowd wins the useful
ness of the Union League as a force in
party leadership will be greatly impaired.
The foregoing sentiments are freely ex
pressed by Republicans who are not mem
bers of the organization, but whose loyalty
to Republican principles is unquestioned, j
Since the Union League Club was fonnd
ed it has been the custom to promote the
first vice-president to the honors of the
presidency. In all the years of the club's
lite this rule has not been violated, but
now it is proposed to make an exception
against General Friedrich, and to accom
plish this I'urpose the rules of courtesy in
nominating the regular ticket were vio
lated. When a director has been chosen
by the board to till a vacancy it has been
the invariable rule to place that director
on the regular ticket for the full term next
ensuing. Arthur AY. Spear and Charles
M. >hortridee were chosen to fill vacancies
on the existing board, yet both were
ignored by the manipulators of the regular
ticket for the obvious reason that they
could not be used to down General Fried"
rich.
The argument is used that General
Robert A. Friedrich did not come to Cali
fornia in 1849. Yet he was here as a
citizen of California to make public
speeches for the Republican cause during
the campaign five years
ago. In every campaign since he has been
a leader and a worker. He is an ex-vet
eran of the Union army, a comrade of
George H. Thomas post, G. A. R.. and a
high-minded, worthy citizen. If the Union
League wants a better man for a president
it will have to go a long way to find him.
There was no commotion or excitement
about the clubrooms last evening, but the
impression existed that a large vote would
be polled to-day.
General Friedrich was seen last evening,
but again courteously declined to discuss
the election. He acknowledged, however,
that he had received friendly messages
from many non-resident members and
personal assurances of support from very
many members who live in the City.
The following names compose the Mem
bers' ticket, which is supposed to be favor
able to General Friednch's promotion in
regular order: Charles M. Shortridge,
Samuel W. Backus, Robert A. Friedrich,
Daniel T. Cole, Arthur W. Spear, John J.
AVirtner, Frank A. Vail, George H. Pippy,
W. I). Sanborn, Charles G. Clinch, Harry
N. Gray.
NEW TO-DAY.
When
Paderewski
Comes
HE WILL PLAY THE
STEINWAY
PIANO
SHEEIAN, 111 S CO.,
Cor. Kearny and Suiter Sts.,
Pacific Ccast Representatives.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GEL ROOM
OK THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
NEW TO-DAY.
-AJEBSOILjiTLTTIED
AUCTION SALE!
ON ACCOUNT O3F*
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS!
<■'.. rv .- •■ ■- :■.-■■■•■.■■- '-•.: ..•....,.;■.■ \■ . ■■ •■■. ■:./■■ ■'■■■."■ ■ ■ -.•■■■ ."• .■"■ _<■:■■ -r ■.-......
I WILL OFFER THE ENTIRE STOCK AND FIXTURES OF
COLiOISTEJIL. j*l. ANDREWS
DIAMOND:::::: PALACE
221 Montgomery Street.
AUCTION COMMENCES DAILY AT 10:30 A. M.
And Will Continue Until All Is Disposed of,
THE STOCK CONSISTING OF
THE FINEST PRECIOUS STONES,
WATCHES, JEWELRY,
SILVERWARE, ETC.
£tt" Sale absolute, without limit or reserve, to close the business.
JOHN H. FRENCH, Auctioneer.
■ ■..----", :-- ■ ■ . ■ ■ -. ■ . . . - ... -...--■
; ■«*'iww». DOCTOR «***»*ft*.tf
flcKer's
!| ENGLISH Ji I
< will stop a cough in a night, check a cold ! •
I in a day, and cure consumption if taken ,< ■
* , in time. If the little ones have Croup or • |
' -— Whooping Cough, \ ' j
•" , ilf^!o^ use lt promptly. >
' ...1 "~* \sv. Croup is a very f
1 T v *^fflLx<e-v- fatal disease. ( ■
* ■'" fii *vSjTO ■» flrf^Hv Fully one- , '
' S • ff'/r^'^Si* "*'^«£ those at- . •
1 fs&>^ieEtc/.^ t JZa \- \*T t:\ckeddie. , 1
' AS—^^V riZ*^*- The Kreat ] ■
1 »^ « >c.yL t j^^j danger is , >
' 'in aelay. , p
' The disease progresses so rapidly that ( '
' the loss of a few hours in treatment is ( •
« often fatal. Acker's Exgltsh Rkmk- , '
" dy will cure Croup, and it should al- , •
• ways be kept in the house for ( '
' emergencies. A 25 cent' bottle may >
' 1 save your child's life. 1
, Three sizes: 25c, 50c, 91. AHDrnggists- \
; J ACKER MEDICINE CO. . \ >
', 16 &18 Chambers St., New York. \
I GRATEFUfc-COMFORTrNQ.
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
• X>T A THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OP TSS
XJ natural laws which govern the operations of
digestion ana nutrition, and by a careful applica-
tion «f the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr. Eppg has provided for our breakfast and supper
a. delicately flavored beverage, which may save us
many heavy doctors bills. It is by the judiciouj
use of such articles of diet that a con.ttitutiou may
be gradually built up nntil strong enough to resist
every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle
maladies are floating around us, ready to attack
wherever there is a weak point. We may escape
»any a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well ford-
fled with pure blood and a properly nourished
frame."— Civil Service Gazette.
Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold
only in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus:
JAMES EPPS & CO., Ltd., HomeeopathJo
<Jh«mistri, London, ISngland. -
fa f*' RHEUMATISM,
L 1 o a.tak,k,h: and
V rV Private DISEASES
S»w RHEUMATISM,
oa.ta:r,:r,H[ and
rv Private DISEASES
I 1 • I Treated by our Physician
lIP f « and Sledicine Furnished for
iy vy ■ «5 per month.
FERRY DRUG CO.,
8 Mnrket St., S. F.
Pll ETC ITCHING PILES
IL§I«J SWAYNE'S
■ EBB Bandar fIIMTMC&IT
ABSOLUTELY CURBS. Will Iff! fall I
BYMPTOMB— intense Itchinc and
■tlnstne; mwt night; wor»e by -Bt.-lilng. If
alluweutn continue tumorn form and protrude,
tvhlch often bl»rd am! ulcerate, becomlne very
•ore. SWAYNE'I* OI.NTMKNT »top« the itching
and bleeding, henln nlccratlon, and in mostSaae*
remove* the tosaon* asK jour Uruggisi for it.
ssmmmmmmne.
«^ — ■• — -^+
g^ The ilercury £5
I .....Souvenir 1
'■'•■^ *^^^^^ iM "^*^ei^mBWHKCTB^3FjWSBTOy F ** -•^^^S
JT^ sunshine, Fruit mT _ H^
£ andF.owers... NOW READY. £j
SC^ Contains 325 pages, 9x12 inches, |^22
J^ and Is ILLUSTRATED FROM 939 PHOTOGRAPHS.
Hundreds of beautiful half-tone engravings, showing Z^s
&r^ the aspect of the county from January to December. -^-*+
&*~^-~ . ~ -^p
J^ The Fruit Industry Illustrated
»«^- And described— the most valuable treatise upon the -^^f
j££: Santa CJara County Fruit Industry that has ever been 3^2
q^^. published, giving details of the business from nursery ZC&
&s^r- to market, with crops, prices and profits. -^sy&
g^l A Work of Art, ]~S
JjJ^ i Suitable for the center-table, and a most appropriate I^^^W
Christmas present. There is scarcely a question that
©y^- could be asked concerning Santa Clara County and its .^^
Ckrv^- resources that is not fully answered. -^*m
s^^^" ( cx)ooax)ooooo -^^8B
&*~- -^*m
®^«*- Toe Mercury Souyenir will be sent, express»ge prepaid, -^n^©
J^^^* to any part of the United States at the following ratea: Bound in - /> "^^
g^^ Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.25 per )^2
q^^. copy. Sent to any part of the United States, postage prepaid, at 1^22
, the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 800 per copy; -J£
v% . bound in leatherette, $1.35 per copy. The Souvenir is sold over -*^r%Q
®>^^- the counter at the Mercuby office at the following prices: Bound -^-^p
fgirv in Bristol beard, 50 csnts per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.00 - : |->/-^^
•^v*- per copy. -«/\/x3>
g^ Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, *^^®
(^v» San Jose, California. ~^r^
®*^^____ . • n ■ . . -^^a
Hygienic
Goods!
'SP^'oK II
|85c
_ — m.^^
Wyk'
2-quart Fountain Syringes, with extra pipes... 75c
3-quart Fountain Syringes, with extra pipes.. .850
4-quart Fountain .Syringe, with extra pipe.. SI. OO
1-quart Hot Water Bag 500
2-quart Hot Water Bag » (joe
3-quart Jlot Water Basj «i."ic
4-quart Hot Water Bag , 7Oc
No. 15 Bulb Syringe, in wood box, extra qual-
ity lit tin 50c
No. 7 Fine Mital Valvi' Chamber, with three
Hard Kubber Tubes 850
No. 12 Best Quality and Most Complete j>l.'-ii>
Ladies' Kubber Gloves, all sizes 850
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
VQNDA SYRINGES.
THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TERM
OF THE XJRBAN SCHOOL, AT 2m CALl-
fornia street, will begin on MONDAY, Jen. 6,
1896. Mr. C. Brier will begin his lectures on Phy-
sics early in the coming year. A department for
very young boys will be added to the school.
.. NATHAN \V. iIOOHE, Pricnipal.