VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 180.
DEATH IN A CYCLONE'S AWFUL PATH
Hundreds of People Perish, and Many
Buildings Are Destroyed
in St, Louis.
TRAINS WRECKED AND STEAMERS FOUNDERED BY
THE TERRIFIC STORM.
Houses Are Unroofed and Electric Wires Snap,
While the Rain Pours Down in a
Drowning Deluge-
ST. LOUIS, May 27.— The most disastrous cyclone in the history of the city visited this section
to-day. Hundreds of people perished and property valued at millions of dollars was destroyed.
From reports received by The United Press up to 1 o'clock this morning from Missouri, Illinois and
Indiana cities the direction and extent of the appalling cyclone are shown. The storm began its work of
devastation and death near Moberly, in Randolph County, in the northeastern part of Missouri. It then
passed southeast into Audrey County, where the schoolhouse at Rush Hill and its occupants were victims.
The cyclone moved slightly north into Pike County, Mo., and then jumped the Mississippi River into
Southern Illinois.
The Ladies' Seminary at Drake, in Greene County, 111., was stricken by the tornado, which then
rassed south and east, following the Illinois River until it joined the Mississippi, the greatest point of
destruction being reached at St. Louis, East St. Louis and East Carondelet.
The direction of the wind storm from that cluster of stricken cities appears to have been in a
southeasterly line, but no news of destruction has been received from other Illinois towns.
Tne cyclone reached the Ohio River and struck Evansville, in the southwestern corner of Indiana.
Later news indicates that the great storm is tearing a path through the heart of Indiana in a south
easterly direction.
The latest reports compiled from the scenes of destruction in the three States point to the loss of
over 1000 human lives, and the probabilities are that later reports will swell the total death list to enor
mous proportions.
According to places the death roll is divided as follows: St. Louis, 300; East St. Louis, 450; Drake,
111., 80; Rush Hill, Mo., 10; Renick, Mo., 5; La Baddie, Mo., 10; Randolph, Mo., 7; Mount Vernon, 10.
Other towns will add scores to these figures.
The number of injured is estimated to be in the thousands.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 27.— Death and
destruction mark the pathway of a tor
nado which passed over this city shortly
after 5 o'clock this afternoon.
The list of the dead in St. Louis cannot
be estimated until the alarming reports of
loss of life in collapsed buildings can be
confirmed.
At least forty lifeless bodies have been
found up to 10 o'clock.
If the reports are true that 200 girls are
in tue ruins of a cigarette factory and that
many were killed in South St. Louis the
list will reach nearly 300.
The '•ity is in a state of panic Nearly
all electric wires are down and the city is
in darkness. To add to the confusion the
tornado was followed by a deluge of rain
and vivid flashes of lightning, which still
continue. Telephone wires are useless and
liverymen refuse requests for conveyances
on account of prostrate electric wires.
The situation in East St. Louis is appall
ing. The tornado struck that city with
terrible effect, and it is now estimated that
800 persons are dead as a result of the
wind, flood and flames.
The tornado was followed by an out
break of fire, caused by lightning, and
before the flames were under control prop
erty to the value of $3,000,000 was de
stroyed.
The tornado passed in an easterly direc
tion, and it is reported that Vandalia and
Caseyville, 111., suffered severely. One re
port states that the railroad depot in Van
daiia was biown away and thirty people
were killed.
At 5:20 o'clock p. m. the clouds that had
covered the city since noon broke into a
furious storm. Within ten minutes the
THE GREAT EADS BRIDGE, ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI, AS SEEN FROM THE ST. LOUIS SIDE OF
THE RIVER.
This magnificent structure of steel took nearly ten years to build and cost about $12,000,000. It
was finished in 1874. It is beyond any doubt the most graceful and beautiful large bridge in the world.
Until the opening of the Forth bridge a few years ago it was the largest structure of the kind in existence.
With the three spans and approaches it is about a mile and a quarter long. The portion injured by the
cyclone is the span on the far side of the river.
The San Francisco Call.
wind reached a velocity of eighty miles an
hour, sweeping with it the waves of rain.
The highest speed of wind previously re
corded here was seventy-two miles an
hour, in August, 1878. The screeching of
the wind through the electric wires, the
crash of the debris that swept in every
direction, the electric flashes from the tan
gled wires, and the crashing thunder,
made a scene indescribable.
The metal roof of the Merchants' Ex
change was rolled up like a scroll sad fell
into the street.
Ottend's furniture -store at Broadway
and South Third street was wrecked, and
six men are reported killed.
A. saloon at 607 South Seventh street
fell, with nine men in the ruins.
St Patrick's Church, at Sixth and Bid
die streets, fell, and the debris fills the
streets.
The electric railway line is burned out,
as well as all electric light plants.
Fourteen fire alarms were sounded
within an hour, and three alarms were !
sent in from the Poorhouse, which build
ing has 1200 inmates. The roof of the
Poorhouse was biown off, and the fatali
ties are great.
During the last race at the fair grounds'
racetrack tne roof of the grand stand was
blown off. The crowd had gone to the
open field for safety and tut four men
were killed.
The wind swept away the roof of the
Exposition building and that structure is
badly damaged by the flood of water.
The Annunciation Cnurch, at Sixth and
Lasalle streets, was totally destroyed.
Father Head, the pastor, was fatally in
jured.
Michael Dawes, a driver, was blown
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNESTG, MAY 28, 1896.
from his wagon in the vicinity and in
stantly killed.
The middle span of the roadway above
the railroad tracKs on the Eads bridge was
blown completely away.
The Armory, at Seventeenth and Pine
streets, Is being used as a temporary hos
pital.
At 7:30 p. m. the rain, which had ceased
for a time, began afresh and fell in tor
rents.
At 8 o'clock the eastern sky was aglow
with the light of fires in East St. Louis.
East St. Louis suffered probably the
ereatest. Messengers came at 7p. m. from
there asking for physicians ana nurses.
The steamer D. E. Pike, with thirty pas
sengers on board bound for Peoria. was
blown bottom side up in the middle of the
river and a number of persons killed. The
steamer Dauphin, with a crew of six and
twenty lady passengers on board, was
blown against a bridge pier and broken in
two. The ladies and two of the crew clung
to the bridge stonework and were res
cued. The steamer Libbie Conger, with
only Captain Seaman, his wife and three
of a crew aboard, went adrift and is sup
posed to be wrecked opposite Carondelet.
The Louisville and Nashville eastbound
passenger train had just reached East St.
Louis when the storm struck that city.
Tne train was overturned, but, miracu
lously, only a few passengers were in
jured. They were taken from the cars by
railroad yardmen. The Chicago and Alton
eastbound local passenger train, whioh left
St. Louis at 5 o'clock, was on the east side
of the bridge when the wind picked the
cars up and turned them over on their
sides. The iron spans and trusses held the
cars from toppling into tne river, 100 feet
below. The passengers were thrown into
a confused mass. The network of wires
made rescue difficult and dangerous, but
it is thought all will be got out uninjured.
The east span of the Eads bridge is so badly
wrecked that it will take three days to
allow trains to pass.
The reports of fatalities in East St
Louis is hourly increasing, and at 9 o'clock
it is c stimated that the loss of life will ex
ceed 150. It is impossible to crosi the
bridge to get particulars. "
Lightning struck the Standard Oil
Works and flames were soon Douring from
a dozen buildings. The fire department
was utterly powerless to cope with the
conflagration, and it is feared nearly the
entire business and a great portion of the
residence section will be destroyed by
flames if not already razed by the wind.
The plants of the flourmilla and the
works of the St. Louis Iron and Steel Com
pany were destroyed, and the big Cupple
block of buildings was partially demol
ished.
Among the principal buildings already
in ruins are the National Bank, Tremont
House, Martell House, the Standard Oil
Works, East St. Louis Wire Nail Works,
the Crescent Elevator, Hazel Elevator, all
freight depots and stores ana residences in
St. Clair.
The dead and injnred are being taken
from the ruins of the various buildings
and manufactories. Waters & Pierces
oil works are in a blaze, and buildings in
several parts of the city are burning, with
little hope of saving them.
H. C. Rice, the manager of the Western
Union at the relay depot on the East Side,
climbed across the demolished bridge and
reported a wreck of terrible proportions.
It is reported that the Grand Republic
and several other excursion steamers, with
all the passengers and crews, have gone
down, with all' the steamers on the levee
sharing a like fate.
The greatest anxiety is felt for the safety
of passenaers on the different excursion
boats which were on the river when the
storm broke. The steamer City of
Florence, with an excursion party, is re
ported lost below Carondelet. The steamer
St. Paul with thirty passengers left for
Alton at 4 o'clock, and is believed to be
wrecked. The levee is packed with people,
groping through the darkness and eagerly
imploring information for loved ones on
the river.
The city is In total darkness. At 9
o'clock to-night no wires can be obtained
from the surrounding territory in the
western and northern portion of Missouri,
but it is feared that the loss of life in these
sections will be very largi. The estimated
loss of life from the storm here and in
East St. Louis is 300. East St. Louis is
burning up. Loss already $2,000,000.
There were really two cyclones. One
came from the northwest and the other
from the direct east. Both met on the Illi
nois shore of the Mississippi River and
joined in a swirling cloud. The list of the
dead in St. Louis is beyond present com
putation. There are rjw fifteen dead
bodies at the Morjrue.
A startling report has jnst reached police
headquarter* that 200 girls are in the ruins
of Liggett <fc Myers cigarette factory at
Tower Grove. There are alarming reports
of great loss of life in the southern por
tion of St. Louis from the railroad tracks
to Carondelet.
The following identified bodice are at the
Morgue:
ST. LOUIB, Mo., May 27.— The following
are among the dead on both sides of the
river :
CAPTAIN SEAMAN and wife and three
of the crew of the steamer Libbie Conger.
Wallace bradshaw (colored)
aged 11. •
KATIE CLAYPOOL, aged 7.
JOSEPHINE MARTINI, aged 25.
HENRY BESICHIS, aped 20.
JOHN NOLTA, aged 40.
MICHAEL DAWES, driver.
PETER DIEDRICH.
WILLIAM OTTENDALE, factory pro
prietor.
BENJAMIN BURGESB.
JOSEPH CARPENTER, foreman of St.
Louis Railing Works, wife and child.
ALEXANDER SCHILINGEK, dairy
man.
FRED WEBTB, aged 17.
THERESA WEETS, his sister, aged 13.
JULIUS MARANO.
FREDERICK ZIMMERMAN, chief
electrician Sculler-line power-house, East
St. Louis.
JUDGE FALK of Vandalia, killed in
wreck of Martell House,' East St. Louis.
DAVID SAGE *nd wife, killed in wreck
of residence, East St. Louis.
PHILIP BTRICKLER. wife and several
children, buried in wreck of residence
East St. Louis.
MISB KATIE CLAYPOOL, aged 21, and
her mother, at 314 South Jefferson avenue.
MARTIN McDONALD, at 2745 Clark
avenue.
Unknown baby at 2745 Clark avenue.
MRS. CHENEY, 1415 Mississippi ave
nue.
JOHN P. HENDY.
JENNIE HAHN.
CHARLEB NEE, 408 Bonth Seventh
street.
WILLIAM WINKLE, Eighth streetand
Park avenue.
JAMES DUNN, City Hospital.
Unknown child, 944 Chapin street.
Two unknown men, Twenty-seventh
street and St. Vincent avenue.
Unknown woman, Thirteenth and Sou
lard streets.
Unknown man, Dalman and Park ave
nue.
Janitor St. Paul's Church.
Unknown man, Eighteenth street and
Geyer avenue.
Two unknown children, 1726 South
Ninth street.
On account of the lack of identification
marks, of the persons found in East St.
Louis only the following are known:
DAVID LANG and wife.
PHILIP STRICKLER.
GEORGE ROOS.
MILES MITCHELL.
MARTIN MARTELL, proprietor Mar
tell House.
Three servant girls in the Martell House.
JAMES KENT, sixteen unknown dead
in ihe Vandalia freight-house.
Twelve dead in the Louisville and Nash
ville freighthouse.
Seventeen dead in Big Four freight
houee.
Twenty dead at the east switchhouse )f
the Eads bridge.
Four dead at relay depot.
Six members of a wharfboat crew.
The difficulty in obtaining information
from outlying districts is increased by an
order from Mayor Walbridge ordering all
electric-light circuits to be turned off.
This is to prevent death to persons com
ing in contact with broken wires. Later
reports from the City Hospital state that
only two were killed and six injured as a
result of the roof of that institution being
blown off.
From Souiard street south as far as
Carondelet the wind played havoc with
the residence and business houses in that
territory. The streets are filled with the
wreckage of demolished houses over an
area of fifteen blocks. The number of
bodies already found indicates that the
loss of life in that section will reach at
least thirty.
The body of a well-dressed man was
found at Marion street and Park avenue.
Peter Diedrich was killed in the collapse
of a big mill at Ninth and Marion streets.
William Ottendale, proprietor of a fac
tory at Marion and Eighth streets, and
Benjamin Burgess, an employe, were
killed in the wreckage of the building.
An unknown dead man was found under
the bricks of a fallen chimney at Second
street and Choteau avenue.
Foreman Joseph Carpenter of tho St.
Louis Railing Works on Menard street,
together with his wife and child, was
crushed to death in the collapse of the fac
tory. *
The body of an unknown man was
found badly mangled in a quarry on De
soto street.
Alexander Schulinger, a dairyman, was
struct by a falling tree and killed on
Third and Marion streets.
Fred Watts, aged 17, and his sister,
Theresa, aged 13 years, were found dead in
ruins of their home at 1728 South Ninth
street.
St. Paul's German Evangelical Church
on Ninth street and .Lafayette avenue,
Trinity Evangelical Lutheran Church on
Eighth street and Lafayette avenue, and
St. Hugo's Catholic Church on Kansas
avenue were totally demolished.
Epstein <t Bernstein's wholesale liquor
store at 229 South Broadway collapsed
from the force of the wind. Julius Marano
was killed and three others seriously in
jured.
The power- house of the Sculler line, at
Jefferson street and Geyer avenue, was
totally destroyed and a dozen employes
received serious injuries.
The Gem Theater building, on Walnut
street, was badly wrecked by the wind. In
the suburbs dozens of frame bouses were
blown down, but up to 11 o'clock to-night
no fatalities are reported.
In addition to the river disasters re-
James C. Dunham, the Murderer of Six Persons: Colonel McGlincy, His Wife,
Daughter and Stepson and Two Servants. Near Campbells, Cal.
1 1 rom a recent photograph,] |
ported later reports add to the losses. All
the wharf boats on both sides were swept
away and snnK. The steamers Medill,
City of Pittsburg, Belle of Calhoun and
City of Providence were all driven to the
Illinois shore and wrecked. Eleven men
of the vessels' crews tried to swim ashore,
bat were caught in the eddy of the Pitts*
burg dyke and drowned. The river front
is a mass of wreckage. From the Eads
bridge south for two miles every building
is damaged that is not in ruins. The loss
10 shipping is estimated at $400,000.
Over in East St. Louis the loss of life is
now placed at 250, and the damage to prop
erty exceeds $2,000,000. The fire in East
St. Louis waa not under control at mid
night. The old building formerly occu
pied by St. Vincent's Asylum, at Souiard
street, was entirely demolished. In the
collapse of the* Sculler Line power-house
Frederick Zimmerman, chief electrician,
was killed.
The Liggett & Myers cigarette-factory at
Tower Grove was destroyed, and seven
men engaged in placing in new machinery
were killed. The story that 200 girls are
in the ruins is untrue.
Among the worst disasters in East St.
Louis was the wreck of the Martell House,
of which nothing was left but a heap of
ruins. Up to 8 o'clock seven people were
known to have been buried in theiuins,
among them Judge Falk of Vandalia
killed, and Judge Hope eeriously injured.
Both aie Circuit Judges. Judge Falk nas
been holding court in Belleville, trying
what are known as the Viaduct cases.
Among others killed are David Sage, a
well-known real estate man, and his wife.
Their residence on Collinsville avenue was
wrecked and both were crushed.
Anotnor building demolished was that
of Philip Strickler, on the corner of St.
Louis and Collinsville avenues, Mr. Strick
ler, his wife and several children perish
ing in the falling walls. Among other
structures demolished were the National
Hotel at the stockyards, the Clipper
restaurant, the old relay depot and the
Continued on Third JPagt.
SLAIN WITH AX AND PISTOL
Colonel McGlincy, His Wife, Son and Daugh
ter and Two Servants Murdered
at Campbell.
HORRID DEED OF BUTCHERY
In Gory Revel, James C. Dunham Gluts His
Savage Passion— Death-Struggles
With a Demon.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 27.— Santa Clara
County has hitherto stood aloof and read
with shuddering wonder the stories of
nurder and blood and crime that came to
her from distances that robbed them of
much of their realism. The slaughter of
the family and servants of Colonel R. P.
McGlincy— six people— at Campbell, six
miles south of this place, at an early hour
this morning, places a bloody page in her
own history as horrible as any she has read.
The murders committed by James Dun
ham, 30 years of age, a son-in-law of
Colonel McGlincy, wipes most out of ex
istence one of the prominent families of
the county. All that is left of the line is
a baby, son of the murderer.
No discernible motive explains the
awful crime. The man was not in his;h
esteem with Colonel McGlincy, and there
had been quarrels between husband and
wife, but the young man was being well
taken care of, being allowed to attend
school, to lead an easy life, with a cer
tainty of being well-cared for to the end.
Madness alone explains it, but all who
know him have hitnerto rated him as very
sane. The characteristic that had been
noted in him chiefly was meanness, penu
riousness. The woman who stood by the
bedside of his wife during the time that
the child was born and afterward, said he
Mrs. Dunham, Whose Neck Was Broken by Her Maniacal Husband.
[From a recent photograph^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
1 was one of the very meanest— too mean to
be crazy, she says.
The little two-months-old baby boy
whom the murderer left lying asleep by
the side of the mother he had strangled,
and who has survived in the sea of blood,
will now fall heir to the McGlincy estate,
one of the handsomest tracts in the
county. There are some who make the
guess that it was all done to that end. But
unless he grows to be a man of his father's
own ghastly kind he will never consider
himself rich with this legacy.
The story of the crime is one that tha
reader might turn away from with horror
and disbelief, save that he has been edu
cated to credit such things through tho
series of crimes that have marked the lat
ter months and years. The victims were
the murderer's wife, who was Colonel Mc-
Glincy's stepdaughter; Mrs. McGlincy;
James K. Wells, a son of Mrs. McGlincy;
Robert Brisco, a hired man; Minnie Shes
ler, a domestic, and Colonel McGlincy.
Colonel McGliacy, young Wells and
George Schaibie, a hired man, left home
early in the evening to attend a meeting
of the American Protective Association at
Campbell. What transpired after they
left the house can only be conjectured by
the scene that was presented at the house
upon the arrival of the officers. It is sup
posed that Dunham waited till those of
the family who remained at home were
about to retire and bad gone to their respec
tive apartments. Then he went to his
wife's room on the upper floor and
strangled her while she lay upon a cot,
still ill from her confinement, and with,
her baby beside her.
No, she was not strangled ; but the mark
of his fingers are upon her neck, her
mouth was rilled with clothes forced into
it and her neck was dislocated. He had
used her with such maniac force as to
break her neck by twisting her head to
one side.
Thflrmurderer began with the purpose
that he carried out, of killing all, for he
had armed himself.
Minnie Shesler, the domestic, was pre«
paring for bed in the adjoining room.
She heard the confused noise, and slip
ping on her dress, taking only time to
fasten the single button at the neck, she
ran into the room and was feiled as she
crossed the threshold by the blow of an
ax. She made no cry, for she scarcely
knew what was happening. The fiend
struck her again and again with the edge
of the ax, then turned it and crushed her
skull with several blows of the blunt end.
In his frenzy he also jammed some clothes
into her throat and threw her body along*
side the cot where lay his wife.
Then the fiend went downstairs to the
room of old Mrs. McGlincy. She was evi
dently up and was about to inquire into
the strange noises overhead. He used the
ax here also. The old woman was struck
one blow with the edge of the ax and then
the weapon was turned and her skull
completely crushed with a half dozen
blows from the blunt end.
Save for the baby that slept upstairs
the havoc was complete. The murderer
now ransacked the house for his own
effects, gathering together his letters and
photographs of himself, by which, in tak
ing them with him in his intended flight,
he hoped perhaps to make identification
difficult.
But his work was not done. He had yet
to kill Colonel McGlincy and his stepson,
Jimmy Wells, who, unconscious of the
tragedy going forward in their own home,
were tafcing part in the American Proteo2
tive Association meeting at Campbell, a I
mile and a half away.
It is supposed that Dunham killed the
three women at 10 o'clock at night. It
was alter 12 o'clock when Colonel Me- I
Glincy and Jimmy Wells and the hired
man, George Sohaible, returned home.
During these two hours the murderer !
waited in the charnel-house. In this
charnel-house, the bodies of his victims j
lying in his way, did he attempt to move
about, listening to the drip, drip, drip of
the blood of his wife and of Minnie Shes
ler as it percolated throngh the crevices of
the floor above and mingled with that of |
the old woman downstairs? Did he gaze |
upon the »low" spread of crimson over the
carpet, and the white, distorted faces of
the three dead women ? For it was not so
dark, the full moon illuminating the
rooms.
There was sleeping in a little shanty a
hundred yards from the house a hired
man, Robert Brisco. He lay there all that
time, also unconscious of the doom that
was waiting him. It may not have been
the purpose of Dunham to kill this man.
If the guesses as to the motive of the
crime, that Dunham did this thing to
leave his little boy this bloody heritage,
be correct, then he probably did not. He
became a natural victim of the incidents
of the second chapter of the story of
slaughter.
As Colonel McGlincy and Wells and
Schaible approached the house on the
road from town they passed the shanty
where Schaible slept and the barn which
is near it. McGlincy told Schaible to open
the barn, as it must be very hot in there,
and throw down some hay. That order
saved young Schaible's life. He opened
the barn, and then went around back of it
to open a window there. As he did so he
heard several shots fired from within the
McGlincy house. The murderer had re
sumed his work.
Colonel McGhncy opened his front door
with a latch-key. As he stepped into the
dark hall be was struck on the side of the
head with that terrible ax and fell to the
floor. Young Jimmy Wells was just be
hind him, and before the murderer could
raise his weapon again be grappled with
him.
Then Dunham fell back upon the re
sources he had provided for such an
emergency, and, dropping his ax, drew a
revolver. A short but terrific fight fol
lowed, the witnesses of which are broken
furniture, a guitar crushed to fragments,
torn clothes and blood over everything, a
track leading through the hall and two
rooms, at the end of which track the body
of Jimmy Wells was found with five bul
lets, one passing clear through and into
the floor. He died hard, but there was no
doubt that he was dead.
McGlincy had not beeu rendered insen
sible by the blow of the ax, for his hat had
broken its force. He sprang to his feet
and in his terror ran through the house
and sprang through an open window in
the rear, where marks of bloody fingers
tell of it. He ran around the house, and
Schaible, standing in the rear of the barn,
saw him running toward him, or rather
toward the men's sleeping shanty. He
was crying murder and calling for help.
He had reached a point opposite the front
of the barn when Schaible saw Dunham
leap out of the front door and follow after
him, firing a revolver as he went.
McGlincy reached the shanty, however,
sprang in and braced himself against the
door. Dunham was at the door in an in
stant. As he ran Schaible climbed through
the rear window of the barn that he had
just opened, and, mounting to the loft,
saw throngh the open door all that fol
lowed. Dunham threw himself against
the door of the shanty, but it remained
firm.
"Come out, Mac," he said. "Come out;
I want to see you."
There was no reply.
"Come out, Mac," said Dunham. "I am
bound to have you, anyhow. Bob, come
out here ; I want you, too," he continued,
"and you, too, Schaible."
He referred to Robert Brisco and to
Schaible, who was, unknown to him,
watching from the barn. He was talking
in a rapid but perfectly distinct and ap
parently not very excited manner. Mc-
Glincy answered him:
"I won't come out, Jim; I have two bul
lets in me now. Put up your revolver."
"Very well, I will. Now come out."
"No; I won't come out." 6aid McGlincy.
Then Dunham placed the revolver to the
cabin door and fired through a crevice.
The powder-marks are upon the door. He
fired aeain through the door. At that
Robert Brisco, the hired man, sprang
through the rear window and started to
run along the fence. Dunham heard this
and was after him in an instant.
He fired but two shots in quick succes
sion, and both of them were true. Brisco
fell by the fence with a bullet through his
beart and another through both lungs.
Both of them passed completely through
the body. The murderer handled his
revolver with as deadly effect as he had
wielded his ax.
Colonel McGiincy took advantage of the
diverted attention of the murderer, and
opening the door of the cabin started aeain
toward his own house. He had made
scarcely twenty paces when the man with
the revolver was upon him and he fell with
a ball in his heart.
With all this, the murderer's hot brain
had not lost its ability to count. Every
body in sight upon the estate had fallen
before him. But he remembered there
was another. What had become of George
Schaible? He should bave been in his
cabin with Robert Brisco. 8o he went
about the place calling:
"George! George Schaible! Where are
you George? I want you."
And George Schaible, paralyzed with
fear, stood in a loft of the barn and saw
him through a crevice and heard him;
saw the gleam of the long revolver in the
moonlight; watched him circle the cabin;
saw him stop as though pondering what to
do; saw him go over to the body of Bris
coe, at the fence, and while he stood there
beard him say again: "George! Ge'oree
Bchaible! Where are you, George?" Tn
that plain, even tone that he had often
been called to across the fields. Then he
saw him turn and come toward the barn
and enter it. He climbed the ladder into
the loft and standing on the hay struck a
match. The light flared up and then died
away.
The footsteps of the murderer were now
upon the ladder going down again. He
had not seen the crouching figure in the
hay. And George Scbaible's hair did not
turn gray in those three minutes 1
Dunham took a horse, and without a
saddle rode to the bouse, tied up and en
tered. He took the little package that he
had gathered together, mounted the horse
again and rode up and down the roads
aDout the house, still looking, and once or
twice calling for Schaible. Then he
turned his horse into the main road, and
going at a good trot, disappeared.
The latter part of these proceedings
were- witnessed by others than George
Schaible. L. C. Ross, a neighbor, had
heard the shots and, hurrying toward the
McGiincy house, saw the siege of Dunham
at the cabin and subsequent stiboting of
McGlincy and Brisco. He was without
weapons and kept unaer the cover of -the
trees. When Dunham rode away Ross
hurriedly summoned G. W. Page and
G. A. Whipple, two other neighbors, and
they entered the house.
On the porch they found the big 45-cali
ber revolver. They opened the door and
were met by the smoke of a smoldering
fire. It was the clothes on the body of
Jimmy Wells that had taken fire from the
powder of the revolvers discharged close
against him. It had been a terrible fight,
that with 5 Jimmy Wells. Step by step
they made the discovery of all the fright
ful slaughter of the household.
They rode to Campbell and gave the
alarm to the police of this city, who im
mediately rode out and took charge of the
house and began the . search for the mur
derer, that "has continued ever since and
without success. The Coroner was noti
fied and began , an inquest that was ad
journed until to-morrow, after hearing the
testimony of those witnesses whose names
have been mentioned.
The last that was seen of Dunham, so
far as reliable report goes, was on the road
shortly after the murder. He was en
countered by a young man who had heard
the alarm spread by Ross, and was making
his way toward the house. He encountered
a horseman at the intersection of Campbell
avenue and the Los Gatos road. It was
Dunham. He had secured a saddle and
was evidently counting on a long ride,
Dunham, on seeing the young man, said:
"Have you seen George?" meaning
George Scbaible.
The young man replied, "What's the
matter at McGlincy's to-nignt?"
To this Dunham replied: "Who is Mc-
Glincy? Where does he live? I don't
knew McGlincy." .
The young man then be can to question
Dunham, who seemed to act queerly, but
was cut short by Dunham drawing his re
volver and at the same time riding away
at a rapid gait. He took the Los G&tos
and San Jose road toward San Jose.
The scene of the murder is about one
and one-half miles south of Campbells, a
little over six miles from San Jose. The
McGiincy residence is a beautiful two-story
building with bay or projecting windows
on every side. It is painted white and
stands in the center of the orchard of over
fifty-four acres, which forms the estate of
Mr. McGlincy.. The place has the appear
ance of moderate wealth, with an ample
barn and every convenience of the rancher
and orchardist.
. Colonel R. P. McGlincy was a prominent
man in the affairs of Santa Clara County.
He was a forceful public speaker and took
an active part In campaigns. He had held
several minor public offices, the last of '
which was that of Deputy Assessor. He
was also the World's Fair Commissioner
from Santa Clara County in 1593. He was
a native of Virginia and aged 54 years. He
was in the Confederate service during the
War of the Rebellion.
James Dunham, the murderer, is about
30 years of age. At school he was con
sidered stupid. He refused to turn to
manual labor for bis livelihood/however,
and paid court to Hattie, the daughter of
Colonel McGlincy. Her friends wonder
that she should have accepted him. He
was not attractive in appearance; did not
carry or dress himself well. - . .-
They were married two| years ago and
since then Dunham has done nothing
toward the support of his wife. He has
never been in favor with Colonel Mc-
Glincy, but there has never been an open
rupture between them so far as is known.
McGlincy was inclined rather to treat the
young man slightly. He has lived with
his wife at the McGlincy house since his
marriage.
It ia said that his wife was engaged to
marry his brother when she was Hattie
Wells, Colonel McGlincy's stepdaughter,
but that she threw the brother over for
this brooding and ill-kempt worker of hor
rors.
The brother, Charts, was among the
early curiosity -seekers at the McGlincy
house this morning. He asked admit
tance to see the body of Hattie Dunham,
his brother's wife, and was refused. He
offered to aid the police with an accurate
description of his brother. He is employed
as booker in the paper-bouse of H. L.
Miller, 31 South second street. The mur
derer also has a sister residing in this
city. His mother, noted for her violence
of temper, is dead. His father is living,
but no one knows where.
James Dunham entered Santa Clara
College on February 24. expressing a de
sire of taking a full classic course, requir
ing four years. It was necessary for him
to make up much Greek and Latin in or
der to enter the class. He joined a coach
ing class and studied very hard upon these
languages. He did this in addition to
keeping up in the other studies of the
course. i_
It was understood that be intended to
study for the law when he finished his
college course, and he is said to have been
a diligent student and very quiet. He
made few acquaintances. There was noth
ing, however, to arouse any suspicion that
he was insane.
When Dunham entered the college it
was not known that he was a married
man. There are a number of Protesfant
students at this Catholic institution, and
it was known to the preceptors when he
entered that Dunham was a Protestant.
At first he used bis lunch hour for the
purpose of study, but found this was wear
ing on him. . He did not join in the sports
of the boys, many in his class not being
more than half 'his age. lie procured a
machine in which to exercise in a room
that was allotted to him.
Dnnham always took his books home,
but on the day of the tragedy he left them
at the school. He was not observed to act
In a way peculiar that day. He had not
Been home since he left the house Monday
morning.
Where he was Monday nieht is unknown ;
frequently of late he had been given to
stopping away from home over night. He
was an expert bicyclist, and rode to and
from his home on a wheel. The officers
have searched in vain for the wheel.
A story is told of Dunham to the effect
that a few months ago he returned to
Colonel McGlincy's one night from San
Jose telling the story that he bad been
stopped on the road by two men, tied and
robbed of $1000.. According to his story
be remained tied and . helpless until a
tramp came along, who released him.
Colonel McGlincy and James Wells
looked upon this as a "fish story," and
expressed themselves to that effect.
Shortly after Dunham was married he
took his wife and went to Stockton and
engaged in the bicycle business: He did
not prosper, and returned to the shelter of
the McGlincy house.
A year ago last August Dunham was
acting as foreman for Colonel McGlincy
on the fruit ranch. He feil from a ladder
one day and was bruised a little. Since
then he has been threatening a suit for
$10,000 damages. He had some money —
quite a sum — for when his father died
some $100,000 was left in equal shares to
three children. Dunham's father owned
the Bostrosky place in the Willows, and
Dunham owns a small ranch in company
with bis brother.
James K. Wells, the stepson of Colonel
McGlincy and brother of the murderer's
wife, wan a young man of 22 years. He
was engaged on the ranch and was a favor
ite with all who knew him.
The parents of Minnie Shesler, the ser
vant girl, live on Del mas avenue. They
are stricken wit.i grief - over their loss in
the tragedy. They have little to say about
the murderer. They nay their daughter
seldom spoke of her . employer's ■ family,
but remembered some time ago that Mr.
and Mrs. Dunham did not live happily and
that a divorce suit might be expected.
'• ■ ♦
SEARCH FOR THE MURDERER.
Governor Budd Offer* a Reward for
Dunham'* Capture.
BAN JOSE, Cal., May 27.— Sheriff Lyn
don returned at 11 o'clock to-night from a
trip into the mountains, but reports no
trace of the murderer. The Sheriff and
Under Sheriff Benson made a thorough
search of the house and its surroundings
early in the day, but found no evidence
that might throw any light on the motive
for the crime other than has been stated.
From letters found, it seems that Dun
ham had engaged in business of various
kinds in many parts of the State. At Chico
he at one time conducted a nursery busi
ness. Afterward he was Belling bicycles
in Stockton, and at other times he was in
business In Sacramento, San Diego and
other towns.
Sheriff Lyndon and Deputy Sheriff
Reynolds of Los ' Gatos spent the day
searching the country roads and the by
ways about Los Gatos, Almaden and the
foothills, but without definite results. At
Los Gatos it was reported that a man was
seen riding rapidly through the town at 2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
a. m., but similar rumors have been found
at various points, while none has been
confirmed.
Telegrams were sent out to-day to all
parts of the State giving a description of
the murderer, but up to this time no news
has been received. This afternoon Gov
ernor Budd sent the following telegram to
District Attorney B. A. Herrington :
A reward will be offered in such sum as you
deem proper and within the limit allowed by
law. Announce that $500 will be given for
the arrest and conviction of James C. Dun
bam. If that sum is not sufficient wire me ana
I will increase it. You may notify peace offi
cers that this sum will be Kiven.
James 11. Budd, Governor.
In response the District Attorney sug
gested that the reward should be $1000,
and that amount would be offered by the.
State. The Board of Supervisors of Santa
Clara Couaty will offer further reward.
Telegrams have been received from all
pans of the State asking for full particu
lars of the crime and a minute description
of the murderer. Sheriff Bellow of San
Luis Obispo sent word to Sheriff Lyndon
that he would be here early to-morrow
with bloodhounds.
DUNHIM A MANFANT.
Declared by His Brother to Be Insane
from Overwork.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 27.— Charles D.
Dunham, a brother of the murderer, in an
interview to-night said :
"There is no doubt but that my brother
was insane. He was a hard worker all his
life. He was a graduate of the San Jose
High School, and recently had been tak
ing a course of Latin and Greek at the
Santa Clara College, and he had taxed his
brain severely in the effort to accomplish
in Bix weeks what the course prescribed
requires six months of study.
"There i 3 not the slightest truth in any
report that there was trouble in the fam
ily. My brother and his wife were mar
ried a little over a year ago. He loved his
wife dearly and she reciprocated his love
deeply. The whole family loved him and
idolized him, and wnen I was at the house
a week ago to visit them I found them en
joying perfect happiness. James 1 wife
then tola me that they all were so happy
and that James adorea the little one ]ust
born to them on the 4th of May. At
morning and night she said that James
played with the child as if his entire life
was* wrapped up in it.
"Yes, 1 want to see that James is incar
cerated as soon as possible, and I want to
give the officers as much assistance as is
in my power to locate him. I have
no idea where he might have gone,
for I know of no place where he
could secure protection and shelter or
where he might apply for assistance. He
is 31 years of age and lam 25. My sister,
who attends tbe Normal School, is about
22 years oi age. This will surely kill her."
Deputy Sheriff Black in an interview
said he did not believe that Dunham was
insane.
"He had sense enough to take all the
pictures of himself out of the house before
he left, in addition to his large picture
hanging in the parlor. Dunham has evi
dently escaped to the mountains. There
is no question that he will be caught."
The only picture of Dunham in posses
sion of tbe Sheriff's office is a small tin
type of him and his wife taken at Ocean
Beach, San Francisco, some time ago, and
which is reproduced hern by a Call artist.
Coronor Secord held an inquest at the
McGlincy ranch this forenoon, but noth
ing new was learned other than that told
in the foregoing story of the tragedy, ex
cept that I. Meyers testified that be
thought Colonel McGlincy had a brotlier
and sister livine at Sheperdstown, W. Va.
George Schaible also testified that pre
vious to six weeks ago McGlincy and Dun
ham were on reasonably pood terras, and
were in the habit of piaying cards to
gether nightly, and suddenly all this
changed, the card-playing ceased and Mc-
Glincy and Dunham ceased speaking to
each other.
A N UNPRINCIPLED RASCAL.
Something of the Xi/is History of the
Slurderer.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 27.— James Dun
ham, the murderer of Colonel McGlincey
and his family, has lived in San Jose for a
number of years and has had a rather pe
culiar history, of which the following are
a few of the most interesting chapters:
His mother, Mrs. Kate Dunham, was
for many years a vary well-known char
acter. She was an eccentric but quite
thrifty old lady, possessed of considerable
means, which she kept loaned out on
mortgages, from which she derived consid
erable income.
Her son James was the younger of two
boys and was considerable of a rover.
Some years ago he took a trip through
Southern California, remaining away seve
ral months, during which time a rumor
floated northward that he had married a
girl somewhere in the southern counties.
When be returned to San Jose he came
alone and had nothing to say regarding
his reported marriage. He then began
going to the San Jose Business College,
and there became acquainted with a young
lady wnose parents resided near Saratoga,
and to whom he began paying marked at
tention.
One day the girl and he were reported
missing, und news was sent to her people
that she had eloped with Dunham.
Her Drother-in-law immediately gave
chase to the fugitives, declaring that the
young lady would either return with the
wedding license or that Dunham would
return a corpse.
He overtook the pair at Fresno, met
Dunham upon the street, compelled him
to go to the room where he and the girl
were stopping, and there, ai the point of a
pistol, forced him to send a message to
the minister in Merced, who, Dunham de
clared, had performed the marriage cere
mony, with the understanding that if the
minister deni d bis statement Dunham
should straightway be shot. The minister
replied that he had performed the
marriage ceremony the day before at Mer
ced, whereupon the girl's brother-in-law
came home. In a few days the wife of
Dunham also returned in great distress
and told her people that Dunham had
come with her as far as Niles, placed her
on the train, and then under some pretext
stopped off and left her to come home
alone.
In a day or two a message came from
Chico from Dunham couched in terms of
the utmost coldheartedness and cruelty,
declaring to his wife that he had never
loved her, and that he would not seek her
again. Thereupon the deserted girl told
the whole story of her relations with Dun-
Dam, and also intimated that he had con
fessed to her that he had been married
before.
Her people thereupon instituted an In
quiry into his life historyup to the time of
his desertion of his young wife. They dis
covered some facts strongly pointing to a
previous marriage in Los Angeles County,
but were unable to find any sufficient proof
of the fact to cause Dunham's indictment
for bigamy. They iound, however, an in
teresting condition of things bearing di
rectly upon the present tragedy.
It seems that while Dunham was be
stowing his attentions upon the girl with
whom he hai eloped in town, he was also
visiting at the home of Captain McGlin
cey and was winning the affections of his
stepdaughter, Haute Weils, and who, up
to the time of his elopement, believed that
she would Boon become his wife.
While this investigation was going on
Dunham returned to San Jose and ob
tained some local newspaper notoriety by
attempting to explain in print his rela
tions with the two young ladies, much to
the discredit of his deserted wife, who waa
then lying ill and almost heartbroken at
her home near Saratoga, and was soon to
become a mother.
The action of Dunham in attempting to
justify himself again awakened the ire of
his wife's relations, and resulted in a di
vorce suit being instituted against him.
in which severe charges of desertion and
cruelty during his brief honeymoon with
his wife were indulged in. The McGlincey
family championed the side of Dunham,
and appeared still to look with favor upon
his declarations of lore to Hattie Wells.
While the action for divorce was pend
ing the mother of Dunham died, leaving
him quite a sum of money, out of which
his wife attempted to procure something
for the support of herself and his child,
but without much success. Ab soon as the
divorce suit was decided in favor of his
wife, Dunham married Hattie Wells and
became an inmate of the home of the Me
Glinceys. where he remained up to the
time of the tragedy.
LIVED AT STOCHTON.
Dunham Was for a Tims a Dealer in
Fruit and Vegetables.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 27.— The Sner
iff's office was notified by telephone this
morning to look out for James C. Dun
ham, the murderer, who last night killed
Colonel McGlincy and others of his family
at Campbells station, near Los Gatos.
Inquiry has developed the fact that
Dunham lived here all last summer with
his wife. While here they stopped at
various lodging-houses. At first they
made their headquarters at the White
house, on Main street, opr>osite the Yo
semite House. There they stayed for
nearly two months, and then moved to
another rooming-house, on Weber avenue,
just opposite the north entrance of the
courthouse.
When Dunham took rooms at the
White House he had no employment, but
later secured the agency of a bicycle, and.
as lie is an expert wheelman, he had some
success selling wheels. After leaving the
White House he engaged with his wife in
ihe fruit and vegetable business on a small
scale, koepme a little store on El Dorado
street, between Main street and Weber
avenue. He also kept his bicycle agency
there.
Neither Dunham nor his wife appeared
to be over 30 years of age. Both had been
reared in San Jose, according to their
story, as told here, aud both had relatives
in that place. A friend oi the present pro
prietress of the White House who nad
come from San Jose recognized in Mrs.
Dunham an old school friend of that city,
and they revived their friendship.
SENATE PROCEEDINGS,
Filled Cheese and the Issue of
Government Bonds Dis
cussed.
Elkins aai Butler Have an Interest
ing Set-to on the Latter
Question.
■\VASHINGTON, D. C. May 27.— There
were two subjects of discussion before the
Senate to-day — the tilled cheese bill and
the bill to prohibit the issue of Govern
ment bonds without the consent ol Con
gress. The first was closed during the
morning hour, the bond bill coming up at
2 o'clock as the unfinished business.
The action of the Senate yesterday in
voting down by a majority of five Sher
man's motion to table an amendment to
the filled cheese bill, which proposed to
levy an additional tax of 75 cents a barrel
on lager beer, ale and porter, was
reversed to-day in the defeat of that
amendment by a majority of seven.
Six Republican Senators — Brown and
Cannon of Utah, Carter of Montana, Petti
grew of South Dakota, Teller of Colorado
ana Dubois of Idaho voted for it, and ten
Democratic Senators— Cockrell of Mis
souri, Faulkner of West Virginia,
Hill of New York, Mitchell and
Vilas of Wisconsin, Palmer of Illinois,
Pasco of Florida, Smith of New Jersey,
Turpie of Indiana and White of California
voted against it. The votes of four Popu
list Senates — Allen of Nebraska, Butler
of North Carolina, Peffer of Kansas, and
Stewart of Nevada — were cast in favor of
the amendment.
Notices of amendment to the filled
cheese bill were afterward given by Mor
gan of Alabama, Stewart of Nevada and
Mitchell of Oregon. The first proposes a
tax of 1 cent a pound on ail American
cheese offered in the market for sale, and
the other two propose an import duty on
all wools.
The partial conference report ou the
naval appropriation bill was concurred in
and a further conference ordered on un
adjusted matters, including the question
of battle-ships.
A speech in favor of the prohibitory
bond bill was made by Hansbrouga of
North Dakota, who claimed that it was
necessary to limit the overshadowing
power of the executive, which was "bor
dering on imperialism."
He favored action at the present session
to increase the revenue by a duty on tea
and coffee and by au additional tax on
beer; and declared h.s belief that if
Congress adjourned without such ac
tion there would be a new is
sue of bonds within a month after art
journmant and another issue before next
session, and tnat Congress would be open
to the suspicion ot being in league with
the bond syndicate.
The bond bill was opposed by Elkins of
West Virginia as a measure that might
bring the Government to a standstill.
An interesting discussion took place
between Elkins and Butler, in
which the latter foreshadowed the
election of a Populist President next No
vember, and in which the former said that
the next Republican administration would
be compelled to borrow money to carry on
the Government.-
A set speech in favor of the free and
unlimited coinage of silver, independently
of an international agreement, was made
by Daniels of Virginia and was not fin
ished when, at 5:45 p. m., the Senate ad
journed until to-morrow.
A MUSICAL MATCH.
Nordica, the Famous Soprano, Weds a
Youthful Polish Tenor — Romance
ot the Bride's Career.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind,. May 27.— Mme.
Lilhan Nordica, the famous soprano, was
married this evening to Zoltain F. Dome,
a young Polish tenor singer. The bride is
about 38 years old and the groom is 20.
She was married under her real name —
Lillian B. Norton. The remarkable ro
mance of Nordioa's life is recalled by her
marriage. Her first husband — Norton —
was a wealthy Englishman, who ten years
ago attempted to cross the English Chan
nel in a balloon and was never again beard
from. After five yesrs had elapsed she
made application to the English courts for
relief from her marital position and a dec
laration of her widowhood was finally
granted.
BAD FOR FORTUNE TELLERS.
Michigan Supreme Court Affirm* an Old
English Statute.
LANSING, Mich., May 27. — Arthur
Elmer, while pretending to foretell the
future at lonia, ad vised a woman to leave
her husband, for the reason that while in
a trance he had seen him in the act of kill
ing her. Elmer was arrested as a disor
derly person and convicted. The Supreme
Court affirms the judgment of the court
below, and emphasizes the English statute,
which says that "every person pretending
or professing to tell fortunes shall be
deemed a rogue and a vagabond."
Judge McEnerney for Senator.
BATON ROUGE, La., May 28—(Mid
night).— Judge Samuel D. McEnernev hat
just been nominated for United State*
Senator by the Democratic caucus, having
received 6S votes.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 27.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $108,294,278. The
day's withdrawals were $1,284,700.
ASSEMBLY OF THE
PRESBYTERIANS,
The Helpless Condition of
Americans in Turkey
Reviewed.
PROTECTION DEMANDED.
Over a Million Dollars to Be
Raised for Missionary
Service.
EEPORT ON SEMINARY* CONTROL
San Francisco May Bs Selected by the
Assembly as the Next Place
of Meeting.
SARATOGA, N. V., May 27.— 1n the
General Presbyterian Assembly this
morning Professor F. M. Burdick of
Columbia College was nominated by tbe
committee on foreign missions to fill the
vacancy ia the foreign board caused by
the resignation of E. M. Kingstry, treas
urer of Union Seminary.
Reports on various matters were read
to-day at the opening session of the Gen
eral Assembly. Among other recom
mendations the committee proposed the
following resolutions regarding the condi
tion of Americans in Turkey :
Wherfas, The General Assembly is advised
that under the provisions of existing treaties
American clergymen and teachers have a
right to exercise their professions while resi
dents of Turkey; and whereas, the assembly is
further advised that American citizens now
under appointment as missionaries in Turkey
have been and are now menaced as to their
lives and their property rights despite repre
sentations heretofore made; therefore
Resolved, That the General Assembly,
through its officers, respectfully requests the
National Administration to examine into tbe
facts of the alleged situation of affairs in Tur
key, and in case tbe said averments of danger
are well founded to make such official repre
sentations to the Turkish Government or take
such other appropriate action as shall secure
proper protection to American citizens now
resident in the Turkish Empire.
It was also recommended that $1,034,000
be raised by the church during the year,
and that the foreign board be advised to
make its appropriations on that basis.
Secretary Arthur S. Brown, of the
foreign mission board, spoke of the work
of the board for the year. The resolution
was adopted.
At tbe close of the morning session the
report on theological seminary control was
placed in the hands of the commissioners.
The report is long and full of details. It
gives in full the several schemes for legis
lative action desirable in each case to bring
the seminary charters into shape for the
adoption by the Board of Trustees of the
plan of control. These replies are put into
the form of an appendix, so that they may
be read or not, as desired by the commis
sioners.
The most startling ieature of the report
is clause 3of the recommendation, wherein
the entire committee asks the assembly
for a discharge from further service.
There is no doubt that this recommenda
tion at least will be adopted, for it has
been the hope of the trustees of many of
the seminaries for three years that the
activity of the seminary control commit
tee should cease.
The report of the committee on publi
cation and Sunday-school work was con
sidered during the afternoon and the
usual resolutions adopted.
The assembly committee on the next
place of meeting, after considering the
claims of several cities resolved to submit
tbe claim of San Francisco and Petoskey,
Mich., to the assembly for decision.
TO I NSURE THEIR OWN CHURCHES
Plan of Ituaine** Adopted at the Meth-
odist Conference.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 27.— The
feature of tbis mornirig of the General
Conference of the Methodist Episcopal
church was t c adoption of the resolution
providing for an immense church insur
ance company to compete with the great
companies of the world. The session was.
exciting and confusion reigned all morn
ing.
General Rustling said that the proposi
tion was one of the most visionary mat
ters that had yet been presented to the
General Conference. "We might just as
well embark in the dry-goods business or
the drug business," he said. ''The whole
scheme, if adopted, will wind up with a
scandal which will shake the very founda
tions of the greai Methodist cimrcb."
Other delegates expressed similar opin
ions, but the resolution organizing an in
HEW TO-DAT.
c t
These are coronation days.
Crown upon crown of pub-
lic approbation — crowns of
victory over dishonest com-
petition are being daily
placed upon our heads.
Men's Sweaters at 91 25, marked 92 on bargain
counters.
Fancy Bosom Shirts, with collars and cuffs at-
tached, 75c, and honestly worth $1 25, until
Wednesday 6 p v.
send for catalogue and order by mall.
suranco company was adopted amid great
enthusiasm.
THE HUNT FOR HERMANN.
Supposed to Have Been in Columbus,
Ohio, Two Week* Ago.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 27.— Word
was received by the police of this city last
night that Rev. Francis Hermann, the
preacher wanted at Salt Lake for the mnr-
, , NEW TO-DAT.
{H. SUMMERFIELD & CO., i
| 924 to 930 Market Street. |
| Truth*»< |
Is good enough for us. Space costs no more for honest ad- 3
vertising than it costs for fakism. Then how foolish it is to 3
gj attempt to fool the public. Honest methods, honest adver- 2
Using, honest prices — these are some of the principles upon 3
which H. SUMMERFIELD & CO. have built up a business,
( Our Great Reduction Sale |
p Of This Spring Made-Up Suits 3
BE Is creating a great furor. It is absolutely the greatest
value-giving sale in America. Look them over.
% OUi I J Buys any $12, $10 or $9 Suit in our big store. %
sg sui I 3 Buys any $IS, $16 or $15 Suit in oar big store. i|
B U I Ui I D Bnys any $25, $22.50 or $20 Suit in our big store. 3
We don't remove our best suits during these sales, like
jg: our competitors do. You will never be deceived by H. Sum- 3
STj merHeld & Co. It is owned and controlled by ourselves, 3
while others are owned by manufacturers. =3
I To-morrow a Cash 10 Per Cent Offl
ri On all our Boys' and Children's Suits from the lowest prices 3
j£i in the city. :35
| A SENSATION IN HATS ! |
£: To-morrow we offer 130 dozen this Spring Styles Stiff 3
and Soft Hats, our regular $£. 50 and $2 kinds, choice $1.45.
A complete line of Bicycle Hose and Sweaters; prices 3
£E right.
£ Your money back when asked for. =3
Ik sumHelh do., i
B LEADERS IN BARGAINS,
i 924, 926, 928, 930 Market St. |
1 AT AUCTION
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY .....JUNE 2, 1896
At 12 o'clock noon,
AT OCR SALESROOM^ MARKET ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
South line (Not. 125 and 127) of Ellis
Street, 87:6 fret east of 3ln»on.
This is an elegant piece of business property In
second block from Market st., either east Or south :
also In rear of the Tlvoli, and adjoins the Hotel
Lanßbara. Improved: would pay largely on invest-
ment. . Examine this for an Investment. Large
lot. 60x101) feet, with one-half right in brick wall
on west line of lot.
GOLDEN GATE IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
Southeast corner of Oak and Lyon Sti.,
No. 1327 Oak and No. 124 Lyon St.
Improvements: 2 French flats. Each contains
salon parlor, drawing-room, kitchen, 4 bedrooms,
bath and laundry, etc. Klezantly finished : mod-
ern improvements. Opposite the Golden Gate
Park. Examine thin for investment. Bents
readily. Choice neighborhood. Several electric
ana cable roads. .Lot 26x01:2 feet.
MISSION FRENCH FLATS.
West line (Not. 326-33?) or Noe St., 30
feet north of Seventeenth.
Improvements: 4 French flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each. Brick foundation. Street macada-
mized. Castro cable; Slzteentb-st. electric-cars.
Lancelot, 60x95 feet, with &-foot alley to Seven-
teenth st. - ■
: : d MISSION RESIDENCE LOT.
West line Florida St., 234 feet south of
Twentieth.
' Lot ready for building: street sewered and mac-
adamized; plank walk: Potrero cars; lot 26x100.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE RESIDENCE.
North line (No. £002) of Golden Gate
At*., 34 feet west of . Lyon.
Two-story bay-windows; seven large I rooms and
bath and large yard; choice flower-yard: must be
sold; examine it; .McAllister cable and electric
cars; large lot 30x100.
FOLSOM-STREET BUSINESS LOT.
Southeast line Folioin St., 125 feet
southwest of Ninth.
This choice lot is in a business location, all ready
for building. With proper Improvements would
pay well. Street in basalt stone; electric and
cable cars; lot 36x95. k
MISSION FRENCH FLATS.
W. line (Son. 432 and 432U) of Sanchez
St.. 53 feet N. of .Eighteenth.
Handsome building, with bay-windows, contain-
ing 2 French flats of 6 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation high basement: street bltumlnized :
rents $ 30; 8. Jfc'. and a. M. elecric-road; lot 25x
MISSION SUNNY COTTAGE.
W. line (No. 430) of Sanchez St , 78 feet
N. of Eighteenth. •
Cozy cottage of S rooms and bath ; brick founda-
tion: street bitnminlzed; rent *14: S. F. and S. M.
1 c < ; road! taia property adjoins the above; lot
•"; ie-ie-i6
MISSION BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE
. LOTS,
Fronting San Jose Aye.. Twenty-ninth
and Tiffany St«. . •
This line of business and residence -lots is very
favorably located, b Ing at the terminus of the
Valencla-si. cable and within one .block of the
Mission electric-cars, while the San Francisco and
San Mateo electric passes in front of the property;
there are 16 choice lots, 4of which front Twenty-
ninth St., 6 front San Jose aye. and 6 Tiffany at- ;
these lots are all ready for building; street sew-
ered: new plank walk in front of the premises.
. TERMS-One-third cash, balance in 1 and 2
years; interest 7 per cent per annum. '
EASTOK, £LDKIDGE * CO.,
Auctioneers.
Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
ders of Miss Clauson anc Miss Samuelson,
had started from Chicago for this city two
weeks ago.
Every pastor of Hermann's nationality
was visited either by dettctives or report
ers, but no trace was fouid of the allegea
murderer, though there vas an undefined j.
idea that such a man had visited some or
the Scandinavian Methoiists. This may
have been the result of so many ministers
being in town in attendan3e on the geu
er&l conference.
9
WHAT
EVERY
LADY
WANTS. .
We have Just opened our SUM-
MER BELTS. They are made
in every conceivable style and
material. '
B 2-inch Leather. 250
IH-Inch Fancy Silk 25g
-
1-inch Lined Leather 25c
El-inch White Kid.......... 250
1-inch Patent Leather. ....... ... 250
L 1-inch Heavy Gold Bullion 250
1-inch Gold Bullion Miniatur*
Buckle 50c
Tl-lnch Patent Leather, lined. ... .50a
lj^-inch White Kid, Covered
Buckle ..........50a
S 2-inch Cinch Belts ........500
1-inch Genuine Seal. .'. .650
STERLING nr-
silver /HP
SHIRTWAIST LI!"
SETS, Ppr M
925 1000 Fine. '*' 0Cl '
THESCCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' (ML ROOM
— — Off THE——
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.MANGLEO CORPSES LAID IN GHASTLY ROWS
Over Seventy Victims of
the Tictoria Disaster
Identified.
MANY WERE BORNE OUT
TO OPEN SEA.
Bereaved Relatives Throng Im
provised Morgues to Claim
Their Own.
MIRACULOUS ESCAPES FEOM
THE DEATHPOOL.
The Actual Number ef the Killed
.May Never Be Known— An In
vestigation Begun.
Mrs. J. A. Trout of Seattle.
H». G. H. TVoodhonm, Seattle.
Gabriel Marotto, Seattle.
Giuseppe Manro, Seattle.
Valentine Dido, Seattle.
Mrs. Dr. Frevoit, Seattle.
B. W, Murray, Seattle. «
Mrs. Adams, Victoria.
Frederick Adams, Victoria.
Mrs. Edmonds, Victoria.
Miss Nathan, Victoria.
Mr. Bossi, Victoria.
Arthur Fullerton, Victoria.
Mrs. Heatherbell, Victoria.
James Wilson, Victoria.
Miss Annie Keast, Victoria.
Captain Leveridge, Victoria.
Mrs. G. I. Post and son, Victoria.
K. B. Carmichael, Victoria.
Mrs- £■ B. Carmichael, Victoria.
Archie Bigger, Victoria.
Miss Bigger, Victoria.
Frank Orestat, Victoria.
Miss Minnie Robertson, Victoria.
Miss Alice Smith, Victoria.
Miss Sophie Smith, Victoria.
James Laurie, Victoria.
William Pearson, Victoria,
Miss Turner, Victoria.
The two Misses Bowneii, Victoria.
Miss F. Jackson, Victoria.
Giuseppe Kowe, Victoria.
A son of Sergeant-Major Mulcahey,
Victoria.
Miss P. Elford. Victoria.
Miss Grace Elford, Victoria.
Mr. James, Victoria.
James Thomas Patterson, Victoria.
Miss Flera Jackson. Victoria.
H. Talbot, motorman, Victoria.
George Farr, conductor, Victoria.
James H. Tyak, Victoria.
W. J. C'rowell'i son, 1O years old,
Victoria.
Kobert Holmes, Tacoma.
Miss Ida Goodacre, Tacoma.
Mrs. I). In Ballard, Providence, K. I.
Mrs. Thomas Physic, Vancouver.
J. B. Gordon, Vancouver.
J, A. Vaiibokkelen, Port Townsend.
Miss Birt, Anacortes.
Mis. Priestly, Minneapolis.
Mrs. Edward Hooien,
Clarence Hoosen.
.Emma Olsen.
Mrs. I. ester, Jackson.
Mis 9 Alice Smith, Victoria.
Mrs. I>. L. Ballard, Providence, R. I.
Mrs. Thomas Physick, Vancouver.
Mrs. Simon Pearson, Victoria.
Mrs. Priestly, Minneapolis.
Miss Nellie Priestly, Minneapolis,
Mrs. Dr. Preston, Seattle.
Six-year-old son of Mrs. Hooson, Vic
toria.
Miss Frost, New Whatcom.
Bliss Lester, Victoria.
Ten-year-old son of W. J. Crowell,
Victoria.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 27.— The fore
going list includes the names of fifty
beven victims of the Ellice bridge disaster
yesterday, while a number of bodies — cer
tainly enough to maintain the first esti
mate of sixty-one dead— had not been
identified up to 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Many were injured, some seriously, but it
will be many days before the details of th<
dreadful worlc are learned. But for the
fact that there were many boats in the vi
cinity of the accident the death list would
have been much larger than it was. Very
many of those who were on the bridge as
pedestrians were rescued in this way.
Twenty persons known to have been on
the wrecked bridge are missing, and it i:
supposed that they have perished. The
car register shows ninety fares, and it is
probable that over 125 people were on
board.
Some escapes among those who were on
the bridge in carriages were remarkable
Not one-tenth of them have been told. A
lady and her children were hurled into th«
water. The horso and carriage were swept
no one knows whither, but the four occu
pants escaped unhurt.
Among the people on the car was an
elderly man named Harmon, a profes
sional diver and a swimming expert.
When he felt the car lurch be forced his
way through the crowd and sprang into
the water clear of the wreck. He came
promptly to the surface, and, swimming
toward the wreck, rescued upward of
twelve people from death. Duke Prig
more of Whatcom, who sprang into the
water from the car. saw a little child float
ing away from the fatal spot and picked
her up and carried her ashore absolutely
un armed.
General Roberts, United States consul at
Victoria, was one of the first to reach the
scene oJ the disaster and was very active
in his assistance. He said last night that
he had in his possession a pocket book
taken from the dress of a lady and evi
dently the property of a Mrs. Priestley of
Minneapolis. It contained a small amount
of money, a promissory note, a receipt for
house rent and a notice of the death of Mr.
Priestley, witli which was wrapped up a
lock of hair. Up to that time he had been
unable to rind any one who knew of such
a person.
William Burnes pulled five into his boat,
and many otner Jives were saved by the
swarm of boats that came to the spot.
Rev. Canon Paddon, a passenger on the
ill-fated car, was among the first rescued.
He had received terrible injuries about the
head, and was placed in the house of Cap
tain Grant close by. In another room of
the same house was James Jackson,
who had with his young daughter been
inside of the car. The father will live,
but the young girl is beyond recov
ery. ' ' Downstairs in the drawing
room of the Grant House was a poor old
lady, Mrs. Bownegs, who had been rescued
and who begged someone to tell her of the
fate of her two daughters, one of whom
was lying dead outside at that moment,
the other at the bottom of the arm. A
few feet away Dr. Hall and a number of
ladies were trying ineffectually to bring
back to life Miss Sophie Smith, while be
side her, utterly unmindful of her soaking
clothes, stood her sister, who had fortu
nately escaped unhurt.
All the doctors in the city hastened to
the scene of the accident as fast as pos
sible and did noble service in the cause of
humanity. .
A big gang of men was speedily put to
work clearing away the wreck. Mr. Handy,
and another diver as soon as a hole could
be cleared went down and brought from
the death waters one body after another,
which were taken ashore.
It was only, however, the people who had
been rescued a few minutes after the acci
dent who were saved. All the others per
ished.
One of the first flags of Victoria to be
lowered to naif-mast was that over the
consulate. It was lowered by Commodore
Sander and Captain Hatlleld. with the
Consul's permission. General Roberts said
he would not leave the scene of death as
long as there appeared to be anything he
could do to rescue those in peril or aid
tho?e who were in search of missing friends.
On the North Side car line and at the
city end of the fatal bridge are the beauti
ful grounds of Captain Grant, with a rich
grassy lawn, a beautiful grove sloping to
the water's edge and bright parterres of
flowers —an ideal home. Yesterday
afternoon it was a scene of woe and
sorrow, which is deeply engraved in the
memory of all who looked upon it. A
mournful procession of boats brought their
loads of limp corpses to the grassy margin
of the sloping grove.
Lying cold in death in the middle of a
beautiful grassy spot and beneath the
shadow of a tree lay the body «ff a girl.
She could not have been more
than 18. Her face was covered. It
had been laid apart from others, for not
only had death come in her case instantly,
but there was not one among all the
thousands who looked upon her who
could ever recall having seen her face be
fore.
Hera was a group of people laboring
with all that skill and affection could do
to bring back life to another girlish form.
At last the chest slowly heaved of its own
accord, the heart beat freely. The blue
eyes opened and gazed wonderinply upon
the eager faces above her. Then they
closed again. A gentle sigh escaped the pale
lips, the heart ceased to throb and the joy
of those around her was turned into
sorrow.
Here lay a woman in the pride of her
splendid physical beauty. Loving hands
labored with her, and then there was
heard a hoarse whisper from one who had
his hand upon her heart, saying, "Brandy,
brandy, for God's sake, quick! She is
alive!"
Here lay another woman. Her face was
covered and beside her knelt, in agony
which no worcs can describe, her husband,
pouring out his soul in tears. They led
him away later like a man in a dream.
Here Jay a strong man, whose broad
bared chest, with its thick mat of hair,
showed that he was a giant in life, but
though they labored long with him he
was past all human help.
And these scenes were repeated over and
over again, while here and there were
knots of weeping women, and through
the crowd rushed parents seeking for their
children, friends seeking for friends and
on every face a look of dread.
It was a pitiful sight to see some poor
little child who had gone out a short time
before with its parents to enjoy a happy
afternoon laid still in death on the grass.
There seemed to be so many little ones
among the victims. One pretty little girl
with golden hair lay with a graceful look
upon her face, while close by was a gray
haired old man, his hands clenched and a
set face as if he had fought hard against
death.
On the sloping bank near the landing
were a whole row of corpses, among them
J. E. Gordon, Miss Nathan, young James
Tyack and four children, one of them a
little fellow of 6 or 7 with his woolen
gloves still on his hands and his eyes
staring vacantly at the blue sky overhead.
Every now and then an undertaker's
wagon would draw up at the gate, and
body after body was covered up and car
ried away on stretchers to be placed in the
vehicle for removal to the city, which
had been turned into a morgue for the oc
casion.
A sad sight was that when Mr. Bigger
recognized the bodies of his little son
Archie, aged 6, and his young daughter
Julia, aged 9. Mr. Bigger, who had him
self escaped death, but had suffered severe
injuries, worKed hard with others to bring
back the breath of life to his little ones'.
They were wranped in blankets and taKt-n
into the house, but it was useless; their
lives were ended and they were taken
away with the other bodies.
"I have been on many a battle-field,"
said a Grand Army man as he scanned the
faces in a long row of dead to see if any
one of them couid be identified, "and
have looked into the faces of dead men
often, but never have I seen anything as
sad as this. Men go to the battle-field ex
pecting death. To-day we all went out for
pleasure and this is the end of it."
Some of the bodies which were identified
were removed to their former homes.
Others were taken to undertaking estab
lishments, but most of them were placed
in a long row in the city market, all care
fully enveloped in blankets and their
faces being covered. The crowd was kept
away as much as possible, but the police
permitted those who gave any reasonable
cause for desiring to inspect the bodies to
do so. Very many bodies here were of
children, both boys and girls. Some of
the corpses were disfigured. All had a
look of stony horror on their faces.
One young girl, whose mother and two
sisters were supposed last night to have
perished, and who said she escaped she
knew not how, said that the clutching of
hands and frantic movements of feet for a
few seconds as the car went into the
water, was something that words cannot
possibly describe or even the imagination
conceive. A hundred people wedged to
gether in a huge box and dropping to their
death is something so awful that one
searches in vain for a more dreadful or
deal. There was a surprising lack of any
thing like a panic, but this was probably
due to the fact that the magnitude of the
calamity stunned the people.
The feeling of uncertainty was terrible,
and it was pitiable in the extreme to see
parents seeking among the dead for chil
dren and children seeking for parents.
What added to this uncertainty was the
fact that everybody at that hour was
on the rush to the parade ground, and
thus families became scattered, and so it
came abou f that different members of the
same household were looking for each
other, each fearing that the others might
be among the lost.
It was by the merest accident that many
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
who are now safe and well were not upon 1
the fateful car. It was the last one to I
;ross the bridge hpfnre the beginning of
the parade and many people sought to
take passage on it, but were crowded off,
and others missed getting seats simply
berause they were a little late. These
could be seen on every hand yesterday,
congratulating each other and being con
gratulated upon their escape.
A wonderful escape was that of a party
consisting of Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Jordan of
Vancouver ami Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Potts.
They were driving in a buggy on the bridge
at the time of the accident. Mr. Potts
drew up to allow the first tramcar to pass,
and then followed it. The tramcar behind
came along, and when just opposite the
bridge gave way. Down went the buggy into
the water with the other wreckage. Potts
managed to drag his wife to the bottom of
the submerged car, and Jordan rescued
his wife in the same way. None of the
party knew just how it was done, as the
whole thing seemed over in a minute.
Then they were picked up by a boat and
carried ashore. The horse was drowned
and the buggy was tangled up in the sub
merged car.
James Wilson was in another buggy
with his four children. They, too, went
down in the wreck, but all were saved with
the exception of one little boy, who was
crushed in the broken ironwork of the
bridge and was probably almost instantly
killed.
There were many sad episodes in the
recognition of the dead. Arthur Keast
came across the body of his daughter, Miss
Ann Keast, lying on the green bank dead.
"Yes, that is my .daughter," he said
quietly, as sympathetic friends came
around him. His great self-control in this
moment of norror was more pathetic than
outspoken grief.
J. Trout of Seattle, engineer of the
steamer Flier, who had escaped, but with
a terrible gash on his temples from which
the blood streamed freely, walked around
in a dazed way. He could not account for
his escape, but kept repeating in broken
accents: "My wife is down there yet!"
pointing to the place where the car had
goue down. •
Jarae* McL. Muir was in the car sitting
beside his friend R. S. Holmes. When the
crash came they realized the danger and
bade each other farewell.
"I don't exactly know how it was," said
Muir in relating bis experience afterward,
"but the car seemed to settle down on the
bottom, and as I knew how to swim 1
opened my eyes and made out the window
opening. I managed to crawl out, getting
a blow on the head as I did so, but then
Bwam upward, getting free of the wreck
age, and was picKed up."
Mr. Muir has only a bruised arm and
head, and was about again as soon as he
had changed clothes. His friend Holmes
was amone the victims of the drowning.
Dr. John Lang was standing on the
back platform at the time of the accident,
and, though he was badly hurt about the
head, it is expected he will recover.
Another man who was standing on the
back platform was J. E. Phillips. He
clung to the rear railing as the car went
down, and though he received a heavy
biow on the head he saved nimself by his
knowledge of swimming. Twice he tried to
rise to the surface, but rinding himself be
neath the wreckage dived and swam under
water until he was clear. Wnen he got his
head above water he clung to a piece of
timber and was on the point of fainting
when Justice Drake came along in a skiff
and saved him.
The surgeons of the warships in port
responded quickly to the call for medical
assistance and worked energetically in
the effort to save life.
John Cameron of ;7 Score sby street was
another of those who escaped. He was on
the rear platform at the time of the ac
cident, and was hit on the head in the
terrible drop from the bridge. He was
completely dazed by the accident, and had
no idea of how he was saved.
Chief Deasy and the fire brigage did
good service in recovering the bodies of
the victims of the disaster.
The Provincial police launch was
taken to the spot very shortly after the
accident and did good work. Diver Cook
and the diver of the Royal Arthur worked
all the afternoon, as well as Diver Mc-
Hardy. Captain Hunter was of great as
sistance in recovering the bodies and so
was Captain John Stael of the steamer
Rainbow.
Fred Hunter, son of M. Hunter, was on
the front of the car when it went down,
and received a heavy blow on the head.
He managed to swim to shore, where he
was picked up by his father unconscious.
A younger son of Mr. Hunter was hang
ing on to the crowded back platform, and
by some wonderfully lucky chance his
foot slipped and he fell off just in time to
save himself from following the car into
the water.
Eliza Woodil, a girl of 14, was in the
center of the car when it went down. She
was picked up clutching in her arms two
young children. All three were, saved.
F. Si. Yorke, the stevedore, was loading
a vessel with lumber close to the scene of
tne accident. He at once took his whole
crew to the rescue, and they did much to
ward saving the victims by breaking open
the top of the wrecked car.
A man who escaped from death was
Henry Twyman, the barkeeper on the
Empress of India, who had come over
to attend the celebration here. Twyman
crawled through the window and swam
ashore.
The Provincial police launch picked up
a large quantity of clothing belonging to
the victims of the accident.
The bridge where the accident took
place was a little more than a mile from
the Postoffice. It was about twenty-five
feet above high tide, and the water there
is always quite deep. On the western side
there is o heavy grade, and the cars usu
ally run at high speed so as to acquire
sufficient momentum to ascend it. The
car which went through the structure is
one of the largest electric cars on the
coast, having three sets of wheels.
Just how many people it had on board at
the time of the accident cannot be ascer
tained. Superintendent McKilliken of the
road said that the conductor was collect
ing fares when the crash came. As the
conductor was drowned, and the motor
man also, it is impossible to obtain any
official estimate of the number of people.
The superintendent said that there might
have been 125. As near as he could esti
mate, and assuming that there were 125
people on the car, there must be twelve or
fiiteen yet to be accounted for, but he ad
mitted that this was not much more than
a mere guess.
WAS A FLIMON STRUCTURE.
the Point Ellice Bridge Should Have
ll" 1 1 Closed to lrarrl.
PORTLAND, Or., May 27.— Visitors re
turning from the Victoria celebration,
among whom were C. C. Crane, Pacific
Coast agent of the Vanderbilt lines, and
George Johnston and T. A. Kehoe, trav
eling men, all of San Francisco, agree that
the Point Ellice bridge was tne flimsiest
structure they had ever inspected, and
they express no surprise that the accident
occurred when the bridge was loaded
aown with people going to the celebration
grounds.
Mr. Crane has been chaperoning the
little traveling party of George H. Daniels
of the Vanderbilt lines in the East, and
they passed over the bridge in carriages
only a few moments before the car.
The span which gave way was the first
one next to the approach, and it snapped
off as cleanly and clearly as if the timbers
in the structure had been cut in two. Mr.
Crane says that he believes there must
have been 200 persons who went down in
the wreck, and the exact number will be
hard to ascertain, owing to the fact that
the tide carried many bodies into the sea
last night. m
Trying <° Place **• Blame.
VICTORIA, B. C May 27.-The jury
impaneled last evening to investigate the
cause of the Ellice bridge disaster and
place the blame viewed In all fortv^seven
bodies, but then the inquiry was adjourned
so that the work of recovery might be
completed.
DEATH IN A
CYCLONE'S PATH,
Continued from JXrtt Page.
Bedling. House and an old brick building
used as the Vandalia freighthouse near
the east end of the Eads bridge, was com
pletely demolished, a number of persons
naving cone down in the ruins.
The^East St. Louis Journal building was
also destroyed.
A cyclone destructive of life and much
property visited East St. Louis in June,
1872. The principal destruction was along
the water front ana in the railroad-yards.
Between sixty and seventy lives were lost,
boats were blown from their moorings and
sunk with all on board, persons were
picKed up on the levee and hurled to their
death and buildings were scattered to the
four winds. Old railroad men recall some
freaks of the storm. A forty-ton Alton en
gine was standing in the yards when the
cyclone struck that part of the city. The
mass of iron and steel was rolled over lite
a matchbox. In the Wabash freightyards
four tramps were sleeping under a line of
loaded freightcars when the storm came.
Tne line of cars were tipped over and the
sleepers killed. The cyclone happened
about two hours earlier than to-day's
awiul second visitation, as well as nearly
the same time of the year.
A 24-foot section of the western wall of
the city jail blew clear down, exposing the
interior. It was during exercise hours,
and the 200 prisoners who were exercising
in the building were panic-stricken.
They were too frightened to try to
escape. jailer Wagner was on the
scene in a moment, and with the aid of a
number of detectiveß and policemen the
prisoners were placed in their cells.
The tanks of the Waters- Pierce Com
pany in Gratiot street blew up, spreading
destruction on every hand. Three stories
of the Coe Manufacturing Company's
building, Ninth and Gratiot streets, and
nearly half of the Wainwright Brewery
were blown down.
The High School, Eleventh and Spruce
streets, and Jere Sheehan's livery stable,
Eleventh and Walnut, were unroofed.
The engineer of the Etna Iron Works.
Twenty-first and Papin streets, was al
most instantly killed. The walls blew in
and he was scalded to death by steam.
The Consolidated Wire Works, Twenty
first and Papin streets, was almost totally
wrecked. Seven persons are known to have
been injured seriously by this wreck and
many more are said to have been hurt by
falling walls.
The two-story building of the C. H.
Sawyer Manufacturing Company, 1819
Choteau avenue, was demolished.
John Sawyer, a member of the firm, and
Emma Chancy and Isabella Hamden, type
writers, were crushed to death under the
walls.
H. 11. Sawyer, a member of the firm,
was injured fatally.
The St. Louis Refrigerator and Wooden-
ware Company's factory, Second street
and Park avenue, was completely de
stroyed by fire caused by lightning. The
loss is estimated at $300,000.
The steamer Grand Republic is safe and
sound on the Illinois shore, with her 500
passengers," mainly Sunday-school chil
dren.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 28.— Shortly after
midnight the Fire Department secured
control of the conflagration at East St.
Louis, and the members of the depart
ment began to assist the ambulance corps
in caring for the wounded. No attention
| was paid to the dead.
Tne streets were in absolute darkness,
and searchlights were placed on patrol
wagons in order to reach the location
of the injured. The ambulances were
run at breakneck speed, and inside
of one hour at least twenty-five seriously
injured were carried to the dispensary.
Their wounds were dressed as rapidly as
possible, ana they were carried to bouses
miles away to await the result of their
injuries.
The scenes of death and suffering in
East St. Louis are beyond the power of
description. Men, women and children
fell victims to the sudden swoop of the
elements", and the clang of the ambulance
only notifies the survivors of the fatal in
juries of another citizen.
Railroad trains both ea&t bound and west
bound are stalled at the entrance of the
Eads bridge, with no hope of proceeding
farther for the next three days. Every
ferry-boat on tha river fell a victim to
wind and waves and there are not over
two crafts to-night that dare cross the
Mississippi.
Men bringing information of the condi
tion of affairs in the ill-fated city of East
St. Louis are obliged to climb on hands
and knees across the broken girders of the
Eads bridge. Superintendent" Jones of
the Western Union Telegraph Company,
with a corps of repairers, made the perilous
trip at midnight, and reports the situation
one of horror. The people are panic
stricken, and nearly 200 are homeless. In
addition to this is the horrible fear that
some of their relatives have fallen a prey
to the elements.
It is utterly impossible to get a record of
the dead as carried to the Morgue. So far
seventy-four bodies have been found, and
at this hour, 1 a. m., messengers are con
stantly notifyine the authorities of the
finding of lifeless remains of vic
tims in ditches, under trees, trestle
work, rnilroad transfer depot ruins and in
the demolished residences. At the east
telegraph switch tower of the Eads bridge
twenty unidentified bodies are placed in
ghastly rows on the floor. Of these, it is
assumed, every life was sacrificed to the
fury of the storm.
The storm in this vicinity abated at 11
o'clock last night and inside of an hour
tlie temperature dropped nearly thirty de
grees. At 2 o'clock this morning the City
Dispensary had cared for 105 injured vic
tims of the storm. Forty-nine dead bodies
had been reported to police headquarters.
No news from outside localities can be
secured until daylight. The east end of
the Auditorium building in which the
Republican National Convention will be
held is a total wreck, but will be rebuilt
immediately.
WAS FORETOLD.
The Washington Weather Bureau Sent
Out Warning of the Storm.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 27.— "Our
information is very meager regarding the
cyclone at St. Louis," said Major Dun
woody of the Weather I3ureau. "Our ob
server at that point has notified us that
the city had been visited by a destructive
thunderstorm which had done much dam
age.
"Two inches of rain fell and the wind at
tained a velocity of eighty miles an hour.
At this point we received a notice from
the Western Union Telegraph Company
to the effect that all wires to and from St.
Louis weie down and we Jiave no further
details.
"This morning at 10 o'clock we sent a
telegram to Observer Garriott at Chicago
forecasting this storm in the following
language: 'Conditions favorable for severe
local storms in States of the lower Missouri
Valley, Southern and Western Illinois
and lowa this afternoon or to-night. It
might be well to announce dangerous con
ditions in special telegram if you have not
done so.'
"About noon a reply was received from
the Chicago observer, in which he said:
'Thunderstorms severe In localities fore
casted this morning for States of the
Lower Missouri, Middle and .Upper Mis
sissippi and Lower Ohio valleys and this
section.'
"From these telegrams," continued Ma
jor Dunwoody, "It is apparent that the
Weather Bureau gave warning in good
season tc the people living in this section
of the approaching storm.
"To be sure, we did not say a tornado or
a cyclone was impending, for that would
have had a tendency to stampede three
millions of people in the localities affected.
"Our Chicago forecaster did well and his
warning went to St. Louis and other West
ern places, there was ample time for the
people in that region to get into cellars or
any other holes they could find, these
being tne only safe places of refuge in such
an emergency.
"There was not the slightest trace of the
storm last evening, but when the observa
tions were made at an early hour this
morning there was unmistakable evidence
of its approach and due notice was ac
cordingly served."
MICHIGAN'S CECLONE.
Plans Formed for the Relief of Those
Rendered Destitute.
DETROIT, Mich., May 27.— Relief asso
ciations have been organized at Oxford,
Ortonville and Mount Clemens to relieve
the distress caused by Monday night's dis
astrous cyclone. These families living in
the path of the storm who escaped with
their lives lost nearly everything they pos
sessed and are in actual want. Governor
Rich will have an organization perfected
by to-morrow for the receiving of aid from
the people of the State generally and pro
vide for its distribution.
One of the injured, a Mrs. Stewart, died
to-day and several more deaths are ex
pected.
It is said the monetary loss will reach
nearly $1,000,000.
Fifteen of the unfortunate victims of
the tornado were buried at Ortonville to
day.
A. NARROW ESCAPE.
Storm Passes Within a Few Feet of a
Train Full of Passengers.
DECATUR, 111.. May 27.— Passenger
train No. 10 on the Wabasn, due here at
8:50 this evening, arrived at 11:40 and is
the only train expected to-night. The
other trains cannot get out of St. Louis
owing to the wrecked bridges. No. 10
left East St. Louis before the cyclone
struck the town, but at Bridge Junction,
ten miles north, the passengers and Jrain
men saw the storm sweeping toward the
city. It was within half a mile of the train
and appeared to be making directly for it.
Fortunately, it swept toward the river, np
rootine trees, demolishing fences ami leav
ing a track of waste behind. It was about
5:10 o'clock when they first sighted the
storm. .
COMPORTING NEWS.
Trninload of People Safe Who Were t
'Thought to Save Been Killed.
BLOOMINGTON, 111., May 27.— The
Chicago and Alton dispatcher's office
knows nothing of. a cyclone with a Joss of
life at Drake and says there is no truth in
the report. The Alton limited, which was
reported wrecked between Alton and East
St. Louis, is at Alton safe. It went to
East. St. Louis and was unable to cross
and returned. Two Alton coaches full of
passengers were blown off the Eads bridge
east end approaches 1 and smashed, but no
passengers were seriously hurt.
RUSH HILL DESTROYED.
Fifty People Reported Killed— tailing
. • Building*. .
CHICAGO, 111., May 27. —Word reached
the Chicago and Alton Railroad office this
evening that the cyclone had demolished
the village of Rusb'Hiil; twelve miles from
Mexico, in Audrain ' County. The cyclone
struck the town a few minutes before 4
o'clock and blew down the schoolhouse,
crushing its inmates. ■• The report was to
the effect that fifty pupils had been killed
and a number injured. -• .
THREE MEN INJURED.
They Were Carried a Mile by the Storm's
Fury. . •
STURGEON, Mo., May 27.— A cyclone
passed five miles north of Sturgeon about
3 o'clock this afternoon. Atßenick three
men were carried -over a mile and seriously
injured.. ■ Friendship ; Church, v north of
town, was demolished. The funnel-shaped
cloud was seen by half the people of Stur
geon. Bridge? and fences are torn up for
miles.
• :—: — -
Trains Abandoned.
EVANSVILLE, Ind., May 27.— This city
got the tuil end of the storm that did so
much damage through Illinois, but no
damage is reported. News from Oakland
City, Ind., says that city was nearly de
stroyed, and a dispatch from Mount Ver
non, Ind., bays th.at town was badJy dam
aged with two and perhaps more fatali
ties.
All Louisville and Nashville trams have
been abandoned.
Starting to Make Repair:
SPRINGFIELD, 111., May 27.— Officials
of the Wabash and Peoria and St. Louis
have gone to the Bcene of the cyclone, and
wrecking trains are being sent down the
Alton to repair the track, which is badly
damaged from Carlinville southward.
Bridges and culverts are washed away, so
that no trains have been able to get over
to-night.
Death in n SeJtoolhouse.
ROOD HOUSE, 111., May 27.— 1t is sup
posed that eighty persons were killed in a
schoolhouse at Drake, near this city, by
the cyclone.
The Storm in lowa.
DES MOINES, lowa, May 27.— Reports
of serious storms and much damage
throughout lowa are received here, but
wires are down and there will be delay in
getting information. In this section there
was a heavy rain and wind storm. Re
ports of a cyclone at Fort Dodge are
deuied. It is reported much damage was
done at Boone.
Towns in Hums.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May.— lt is re
ported here that a cyclone has swept has
across Eastern Missouri from Moberly to
St. Louis. All wires are down.
Renick. Randolph County, Mo., was
blown away and several persons killed.
Labaddie, Mo., is also destroyed. Ten per
sons were killed there.
ON THE DIAMOND.
The Results of League and Association
Games in the East.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 27.
-f'niladelphias 0020 33 0 0 o—B 6 2
Chicago* 00 10000 13— & 10 3
Batteries— McGill nad Boyle, McFarland and
Kittredge. Umpires— Henderson and Campbell.
BALTIMORE, Md., May 27.—
Baltimore*. 10200 1500-9 15 2
St. Louis 00000000 0— 0 7 1
Batteries— H offer and Koblnion, Breitenstein
aud ilcFarland. Umpire— Lyncli.
BROOKLYN, N. V., May 27.—
Brooklyns 201006000—8 6 6
Louißvilles 410011000—7 9 ti
Batteries— DauD and Grim', Frazier and Miller.
Umpire— Weldman.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 27.—
Washington! 00003000S— 6 8 6
Clndnnatls 0 402 110 2 o—lo 10 5
Batteries— German and McQalre, Ehret and
Vaußhn. Umpire— Hurst.
NEW YORK, N. "Y., May 27.—
New York! _ a 0 0 1 000 10— 8 14 3
Clevelands ..2 0002 21 4 o— ll 10 3
Batteries — Meekln and .Wilson, Young and
O'Connor. Umpire— Sheridan.
BOSTON, Mass., May 27.—
Bostons 200210082—16 18 1
Pittsburgh 0 101-2 33 3 I—l 417 1
Batterl es— Stlvetta and Ganzel, Killen and bug
den. Umpire— Keete.
DAD FOR FA VORITES.
It Was an Off Day for Them on the
Chicago Track.
CHICAGO, 111., May 27. — Favorites
fared badly at Lakeside to-day, as only
one— Easter Eve— won. Finishes in the
majority of the races were close and ex
citing, especially the last, in which Pan
out, Hi Henry and Outgo crossed the
tin ish heads apart in the order named.
Bix furlongs, Beryl Star won, Mildred D
second, Cologne third. Time, 1 :17%.
Four furlongs, Easter F.ve won, Vannessa
second, Ethel Garrett third. Time, A9}4.
Six furlongs, Bob Lee won, Lollie Easttn sec
ond, Lucinda third. Time, 1:15^.
Mile and a quarter. Sunny won. Jack the
Jew second, Dick Tension third. Time,
■ Five and a half furlongs, Revenue won,
Nannie D second, Excuse third. Time, 1 :09 V.
Six furlongs, Panout won, Hi Henry second.
Outgo third. Time, 1:15%.
ON A FAST TRACK.
Three Favorites Winners on. the Oakley
. „ .. Racetrack. . '■ .;
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, May
— For the first time since the meeting
opened . the track . was fast to-day. Ida
Pictwick scored her first win of the season
in the fourth event. "Three favorites, two
second choices : and . one o utsider. ■ won.
Weather fine. Attendance 2000. . .
Five furlongs, Dnlcenia won, Cappy second.
Adowa third. Time, 1:0334
Seven furlongs, selling, Robinson won. Old
Center second, Clissie B third. Time, 1:27%/
Four and a half furlongs, Cavalero won, Iron
Mistress second, Grayling third. Time, :56.'
Mile and a fnrlong, handicap, Ida Pickwick
won, Grannan second, Semper Lex third.
Time, KS7V;. ■
Mile, selling, Ondague won, Lily of the West
second, Elsie DII third. Time, I:43}£.
Seven furlongs, selling, Islin won, Cnicot
second, Springvale third. Time, 1:28.
DEATH OF PIONEER NILES.
Was at One Time a Mining Partner of
John W. Maekay.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 27.— Pioneer
P. Niles, aged 81 pears, died at the home
of his son, Edward J. Niles, 425 Pleasant
avenue, this city, last evening.
The deceased was well known and highly
respected among a large circle of mining
men and pioneers in Central and Northern
California and Nevada. He was at one
time a partner of John W. Maekay, long
before the palmy days of the Comstock.
He has been on this coast since 1850. He
is a man of sterling qualities, and, al
though prominent in the councils of the
Democratic party, never sought official
preferment. He« had been bedridden for
many weeks before his death, but hismirid
and memory remained clear and even
brilliant to the last. The fnneral will take
place on Friday from his late home.
Deceased was the father of E. J. Niles,
a well-known politician, who is himself a
graduate of West Point. He is recognized
as an able political organizer and worker.
He was greatly attached to his father,
whose energy and character he possesses
in so large a degree.
SUFFRAGISTS AT NAPA.
The State Association Begins a Two
Days' Session.
NAPA, Cal., May 27.— The Woman's
Suffrage Association began a two days'
convention here this afternoon. Miss
Harriet M. Mills and Mrs. Elizabeth M.
Yates are here and Miss Anna Shaw will
come to-morrow.
During the afternoon papers were read
by Mrs. Dr. Mnxon of the Rural Health
Retreat on "Health." and by Mrs. Grant
and Mrs. Brown of St. Helena and Mrs.
B. P. Taylor of Napa. Miss Mills deliv
ered an address. To-night Mra. Yates
spoke and was most enthusiastically re
ceived. A large proportion of the audience
was men.
K3I more reason why yoxi
should take a substitute for Joy's Vegeta-
ble Sarsaparilla than you should take your
own life. When a man tries to force some-
thing else upon you, be sure he is after the
MON. Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla cures
constipation, liver and kidney affections.
;
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edw. W. Joy Company— Gentlemen :
I write to admit that, notwithstanding my
misgivings, your Vegetable Sarsaparilla
did all that you promised. I bad tried so
many prescriptions to no purpose that I
had come to believe that nothing would
relieve my dyspepsia and headaches, but
I have not bad a return of either trouble
since I commenced taking your medicine.
I believe I am permanently cured, but
will, out of an abundance of caution, con-
tinue to take it regularly for a while yet.
You have my permission to make this
public, for I think that a remedy that will
cure dyspepsia and prevent sick headaches
should be generally known. Respectfully,
MRS. M. FOWLER, 327 Ellis St., City.
Ki'W TO-DAY.
"MAKE
HAY
X X While the sun shines,"
V V an old axiom which con-
V V tains more truth than
poetry.
We will devote ttfree days to our finest,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday, and when
we say our finest, there's no finer in Amer-
ica; nothing finer in fabrics; nothing
newer in the fashionable world and none
more cleverly tailored than we show.
Plainly speaking, we will offer on these
three days our $5 and $6 lines, which are
equal to other stores' $7 50, $8 and $3 50
lines, at
$3.50.
Now "make hay while the sun shines."
In this offer we include the choicest of
Middy Suits, long and short trousers ; tha
choicest of those sweet Little Fauntleroy
Suits, and the cleverest of Reefer Suits, as
well as those very swell Double-Breasted
Suits of ours for larger bqys.
Our picture above shows you a very swell
Double-Breasted Suit, for lads between th«
ages of 5 and 15, made from those very
clever English Homespuns, in those right
swell plaids that are so fashionable and in
such popular demand these days with pa-
rents who desire to dress their lada right
up to date.
These clever Homespuns, including some
awfully choice styles in Tweeds, pretty
colorings, including some real swell Eng-
lish Worsteds, Twill Cheviots, in blues
and blacks; in fact most of our $5 and $6
Suits for Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
at
53.50.
Now "make hay while the sun shines."
' Those right swell Reefer Suits of onrg»
our very cleverest of Reefer Suits; there's
too many to attempt to describe 'em all;
too many, to write about the clever manner -
in which many of 'era are braided; they're
all new styles, brand new and right. swell
at that." i There's blues, there's blacks,
there's those rich Scotches in those pretty
overplaids; some awfully bright things in
Tweeds; some right swell things in Home-
spun ; all stylishly gotten up, for lads be-
tween the ages of 3 and 10; $5 and $6 val-
ues; you'll recognize it as soon as you see
'em.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday on our
big second floor, devoted exclusively, as it
is, to Juvenile apparel, at : ,
: ;. . ; 53.50.
. Now "make hay while the sun shines."
; Don't you want our new : .
: book. '.'Hints ; from .a . Big :
: Store 1 ? It's a valuable aid :
. . ■ - '. to those that shop by mail. •;
Iv Your address please, and :
: we'll send it to you. : •
tfaphaets
■Ms (Sn corporatod), ■
! Uhe.San Francisco ffioys, •
9, //, ; 13, /5 Jfearny Street.
34
DIPLOMAS FOR
STANFORD SENIORS,
One Hundred and Seventy
Graduates Given Their
Awards.
LIFE'S STRUG&LE BEGINS
Professor Anderson's Commence
ment Address Full of
Sage Advice.
DR. JORDAN'S FEELING WORDS.
The President Urges the Retiring
Students tb Aspire to Noble
Ideals.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
27. — The commencement day exercises
■were held this morning in Encina gymna
sium and about 170 more individuals can
sign A.B. after their names. The exer
cises opeped with music and the '96 class
filed into the room giving the class yell.
Professor M. B. Anderson delivered the
commencement address. Said be in part:
It is well understood by scholars that the
great works 01 the creative imagination are
not necessarily simple or easy of interpreta
tion: nay, that different interpretations of the
same masterpieces may severally have their
justification according to the point of view.
Such products of the human genius resemble
the phenomena of nature, respecting which
pnilosopbe T 8 propound from age to age their
varying theories. Ench masterwork may be
compared to a vast mountain towering north
ward a mere wall of rock, while its southern
flank smiles with the wealth of verdure; on
the landward side approachable and neigh
borly, while to the mariner far out at sea it
looms vague and gigantic among the clouds.
Scholars are not at one as to the significance'
ot the Iliad, of the Prometheus, of the Dlvina
Comeilia or even of so recent a work as Faust,
yet in the reading of any of them the wayfar
ing man, if not a fool, may not err. So every
reader feels thai of all the wonderful dreams
of Shakespeare none is more picturesque and
significant than the play of Hamlet. Andif
scholars of different times, temperaments and
nationalities have reached widely varying con
clusions as to the character of the hero we feel
that the very fact is evidence of the breadth of
the author's conception and the naturalness of
his art. This fascinating creation is clotbed
with something cf the mystery with which
nature herself forever allures and forever
baffles. The meaning of natural objects- seems
plain to the superficial. The illusion of
familiarity is the first and lest tiiiug the
observer has to guard against. So Hamlet
seems and is full of significance to the boy
who reads it for the first time, but it has not
been given to Coleridge, not to Schlegel, not to
Lowell, not to Goethe even to quite "pluck out
the heart" of Hamlet's mystery.
The two propositions to which I can reduce
my theory are, stated in the mostnaked terms,
as follows:
First— The fundamental conception of the
author in the play of "Hamlet" is to represent
dramatically me forces of education through
circumstances, by means of which the born
idealist and dreamer is transformed into the
man of action and character. To put it in an
other way, this play describes a course of ex
perience whereby a vouug prince of imagina
tive temperament, tb whom "there is nothing
either good or bad, but thinking makes it so,"
is developed, if not into a hero, »t least into a
resolute man to whom the test of good and
bad is something more than a merely sub
jective one.
Second — The inner experience of Hamlet in
undergoing tnis process of education, his hesi
tation, bis fears, his scruples, his agonies, his
unsettlement of mind, his thoughts of suicide,
and finally his steady, victorious emergence
from the "sea of troubles"— all this had its
parallel m the secret experience of Shakes
peare during those long years when he was
slowly working his way out of the halfuess of
the dreamer into the wholeness of which his
life-dream became so unique an example. As
an idealization of this struggle toward a
rounded manhood— a struggle tne more sol
emnly real and impressive in Hamlet's case
because death stepped in before the victory
was complete — the story of Hamlet may be
said to represent that of his author. Let me
Insist mat it is in the large and ideal sense
rather than in those details of experience
■wherein others have found the parallel to
lie— that Hamlet is Shakespeare.
President Jordan followed Professor An
derson, speaking on "The Higher Sacri
fice."
"Each man who lives is in Dart a slave
because be is a tiring being. *Tbis belongs
to the definition of life itself," he be^an.
"Each creature must bend its back to the
lash of its environment. AYe dream of
life without condition?, life free from the
pressure of insensate things without us or
within. But such life is the dream of the
philosopher. We have never known it.
The records of life we know are full of
concessions to such pressure." Continu
ing, the speaker said :
The vegetative part of life, that part which
finds its expression in physical growth and
sustenance and death, must always be slavery.
The old primal hunger of the protoplasm rules
over it all. Each of the myriad cells of which
man is made must be fed and cared for. The
perennial hunger of these cells he must stifle.
This hunger began when Hie began. It will
cease only whenlife ceases. It will last till the
water of the sea is drained, the great lights are
put out and the useless earth is hung empty up
in the archives ol the universe.
This old hunger the individual man must
each day meet and satisfy. He must do this
for himself, else in the long run it will not be
done. If others help feed him he must- feed
others in return. Tnis return is not cnarity
nor sacrifice; it is simply exchange of work.
It is the division of labor in servitude. Ei
recily or indirectly each must pay his debt of
Jife. There are a few, as the world goes, who
in luxury or pauperism have ihis debt paid
for them by others. But there are not many
of these fugitive slaves. The number will
never be great, for the lineage of idleness is
never long nor strong.
When this debt is paid the slave becomes the
man. Nature counts as men only those who
are free. Freedom springs from within. No
outside power can give it. Board and lodging
on the earth once paid, a man's resources are
his own. These he can give or hold. By the
fullness of th^-se is he measured. "As is the
receiver," Emerson tells us, "no is the gift."
All acquisition;: of man "are victories of the
good brain and brave heart; the world belongs
to the energetic, belongs to the wise. It is in
Tain to ro ake a paradise but for good men."
It is part of the duty of higher education to
build up ideals of noble freedom. It is not tor
help in the vegetative work of life that one
goes to college. He is just as good a slave
without it. He can earn his board and lodg
ing without the formality of culture. The
training oi the college will make his power
lor action greater, no doubt, but it will also
xnrgnify his needs. The debt of life a scholar
has to pay is greater than that paid by the
clown. And the higher sacrifice the scholar is
called upon to make grows with the increased
fullness of his life. Greater needs go with
greater power, and both mean greater oppor
tunity for sacrifice.
In the days you have been with us you
should have formed some ideals. You should
have bound these ideals together with the
chain of "weil-spent yesterdays." You should
have done something in the direction of the
life of higher sacrifice, the life that from the
fullness of its resources cau nave something to
give.
The men you meet as you leave these halls
will not understand thes<- ideals. They will
not know that your life is bound up in tiw
present, but has sometliiiuj ;o > sk or give for
the future. Til! they und"r~'.and you they
will not yield you their sympa.hies. They
may jeer at you, because the whip they t*
■poud to leaves no mark upon you. They will
try to buy you, because the devJl bag a-iwnys
bid high for the lives oi young men with
ideals. A man in his market ttands always
above par.
Wnen the president had concluded his
eloquent address the graduates stepped up
and, an their names were called, were
handed diplomas. The class of ' 96 included
these gentlemen and ladies:
Bachelors of arts: In Greek— Margaret Fos
ter, Washington, D. C; Harold Edward Smith,
San Francisco; Herbert Cooper Thompson,
Eugene. Or.
In Latin— 'Christine M. Guppy, San Jose:
Frances Reese Schallenberger.San Jose; *>iabel
F. Guppy, San Jose; James Owen Watson,
Portland, Or.
In Germanic languages — George Panford
Brooks, Hedrict, Iowa; Grace Everlyn Hols
claw, Gilroy; Charles Caleb Hill, Pasadena;
Jauette Hall Rossiter, Sheridan, Mont.
In Romanic languages— FredericaCaro Lord,
Virginia, Nev. ; Max Goetne Wright, Indian
apolis, Ind.; Mabel Coombs, Marysville.
In English— William Dlnsmore Brings, Sacra
mento ; Snrah Comstock, Kansas City, Mo.;
Charles Maurice Cram, Mount Vernon, Me.;
Julia Louise Culver, Palo Alto; Florence rush
man, ban Jose; Fredenca Hcrmine <ie Laguna.
Sacramento; Le Hoy 1). Ely, Pasadena; Maud
L. Urover, Santa C.iiz; Howard Judson Hail,
lucson, Ariz.; Alice Newman Hays, .Sun Dieeo;
Hilda MacLauKhlln, Victoria, B. C; Mabel
M< ad, Santa < ruz: William Jonathan Noidig,
Los Angeles; Irvin Erastus Ouu-i-lt, Baß Diego;
*\Vinfred White Potter. S*n Francisco; Leo
nora bchopbacb, Pasadena; Ettellc S ns
heimer, Minneapolis, Minn.; Laura Hteffenß,
Sacramento; Edith Ja.net Straight, Bradford,
Pa.;*lda Ctlia Whittier, Pocatello, lud.; Mary
Lura WhitlocJt, Los Angeles.
In psychology— Henry Hurwood, Louisville,
Ky. ; William Suniner Llbby, Pomona.
Iv ethics— Winuifred Harper, Indianapolis,
Ind.
In education— Flora Eleanor Beal, 8.L., San
Jose; Estelle M. Darrah, St. Paul, Minn.; Anna
Kohler, St. Helena; George Elmer St. John,
Northfield, Minn; Milo Asem Tucker, Palo
Alto; Clara L. Percy Wostphal, San Jose. .
In history— Joseph Phillip Bernhard, Fresno;
Benjamin Franklin Bledsoe, Snn Bernardino;
Bertram Nathaniel Bullock, Eureka; Robert
Willis Campbell, San Francisco; William Evan
Campbell, College Park; Arthur Martin Cath
cari, Colorado Springs, "Colo. ; •Mabel Hyde
Cory, Frcsuo; Everett Leroy Davis, Srn Jose;
Frank Carlton Doty, Palo Alto; Johu Munford
Gregory Jr., Suisun; Nello de Yore Johnson,
Oregon City, Or. ; Char.es Henri Labbe, Port
land, Or. ; "John Artemas Longley, Mountain
View; Jay Earl Lawshe, Tacoma, Wash. ; David
Thompson McClelland. A.M.. Palo Alto; Anna
Henrietta Martin, Reno, Nev.; Charles Wes
ley Miller, Guthrie, O. T. ; Elmer Isaiah Miller.
San I)k»go; Lucy C. Mount, Palo Alto; Walter
Gilmore Kagel, Davenport, Iowa; George Win
field Scott, Watertown, Is. V. ; Henry David
son Sheldon, Santa Clara; Cecil henry Smith,
Oakland; Thomas Andrew Storey, Gold Hill.
Nev. ; James Alexander Tucker, Owen Sound,
Ontario; George Francis Vanderveer. Grinnell.
Iowa; Charles Frederick Wright, Mayfield.
In economics and sociology— Anita Lawrence
Corbert. Palo Alto; Joseph Paull Fife, Pasa
dena; Walter Ngon Fong, Kwong Tong. China;
Wynne Powers Harrington, Hiawatha, Kans. ;
Norman Waison Judd, Chicago, 111. ; Charles
Paul Kaetzel, Cambria; David Hut toil Web
ster, National City; Charles Bruce Younger Jr.,
Santa Cruz.
In law— Milton Louis Anfenger, Denver,
Colo.; *John Campbell Applewhite, Corvallis,
Or. ; Hugh Henry Brown, feteubenville, Ohio;
William Coligny Doub, Ottawa, Kan?.; Joel
Yancy Field, Dallas, Tex. ; Myron Arlie Fol
som, Eden Vale; Paul Rich Frost, san Bernar
dino; 'Reuben Ferdinand Gilllam, Columbia,
S. c. ; 'Paul Mills Gregg, San Luis OWspo;
Herbert Stephen Hicks, Rocklord, 111.; Caspar
Wistar Hodgson, Pasadena; John Andrew.
Hoshor, Tscoma. Wash.; Jesse Huber, Bluff
ton, Ohio; Charles Ross Lewers, Franktown,
Nev.; 'William Jay Matthews, Buffalo, 111.;
Bernard Lee Mills, ' El Paso, Ark. ; Ralph Rit
tenhouse'Raish, Marysville; Jackson Eli Rey
nolds, Oakland; George Benton Wilson, Lot
A.ngeles.
In mathematics— Hans Frederick Blichfeldt,
Palo Alto; Mohn Leander Dunn, A.M., Mou
mouth. Or. ; 'Marion Estelle Holmes, San Jose;
Flora Valentine Richards, College Park; Annie
Louise Wright, San Luis Obispo.
In astronomy— Arthur French Poole, Wash
ington, Pa.
In physics— Henry Adams Wood, Pasadena.
In chemistry— George Brinton Albee, May
field;'Louis Allen, Palo Alto; Marion Louise
Bcrneike, Santa Ana; Ella Francis Byxbee,
Palo Alto; Henry Manning Cory, Fresno;
•Julius B. Frankenheimer, Stockton; Thomas
Bruce Freas, Hiehwater, Ohio; Homer Laugh
lin Jr., East Liverpool, Ohio; ' Edmund Rensse
laer Lyman, Palo Alto.
In botany— 'Frederick Horatio Billings,
Claremont; Frances Agnes Bowman, San Fran
cisco; 'Francis Joseph Jack, Decatur, 111.;
•Anna M. Kidweli, Kansas City, Mo.f Susie
Gabriella Stokes, San Diego.
In entomology— Rennie Wilbur Doane, Pasa
dena.
In physioloey— •William Ford Blake, Santa
Clara; Charles Herbert Boxmeyer, Holden,
Mo.; Deywelyn Breese Jr., Portage, Wis. ; Eve
lyn Briggs, Sacramento; John Adams Coltiver,
can Bernardino; John McPherson Gates, Hills
boro, Or.; Daniel W. Harrington, Oshkosh,
Wie.; 'Henry Harris, Olympia, Wash., Chris
tian Ferdmaud Leithold, p.'»tville, la. ; Ellen
Louise Lowell, Palo Alto; Lewis Payre Mace,
San Jose', Charles B. Plnkhani. Sacramento;
♦Edwin Lincoln Reicheubach, Seattle, Wash.;
Harry B.Reynolds, Oakland; Harleigh Fred
eric Soper, Sail Francisco; Alfred Baker Spald
ing, Atchison, Kans. ; 'Clara 8. Stoltenberg,
East Los Angeles; Ray Lyman Wilbur, River
side.
In geology— Thomas K. Code, San Francisco;
•John James Hollister, Santa Barbara; 'Solon
Shedd, Shedd, Or.; *Deane Prescott Mitchell,
Palo Alf>; George Washington Riter, Salt Lake
City, Utah.
in zouiogy— 'Clouds ley Rutter. 8.5., Lone
Pine, Nebr.
In civil engineering— Will Lear Brown, South
Riverside; Gion Wakefleld Gibson, Williams;
C'arJ Porter Gould, Pomona? Charles Henry
Parcell, Tampa, Fla. ; John Ellsworth Rock
hold, Riverside.
In mechanical engineering— Charles Emmons
Bunker, Newman; Ernest Edward Lawrence,
Lompoc; Norman Brownell Roper, Santa Ana;
George Toombs, Modesto; Rudolph Warner
Van Norden, Anburu; Alfred Eugene Wood,
Palo Alto.
In electrical engineering— George Porter
Baldwin, San Francisvo; Clyde Ernest Condit,
Irontoa, Ohio; Harold Townsend Copeland,
Salem, Or.
Musters of arts: In Greek— Rlohard Wel
lington Husband, A.8., Moorefleld, Ont. The
sis : "The Plutus of Aristophanes."
In Latin— Eiward Charles Harwood, A.8.,
Ontario. Thesis: "The so-called subjunctive
of attraction In Terence."
In English — Mary Polk, A.8., Bruceville,
Ind. Thesis: "Shakespeare's treatment oi
marriage." Jessica 8. Vance, Ph.B., San Jose.
In education — Charles Josephus C. Bennett,
A.M., Buckhannon, W. Va. Thesis: "A de
scriptive and critical bibliography of child
study." •Agnes Sinclair Holbrook, 8.5., Ma
rengo. la. Thesis: "A study of English in
American common schools. Horace Hum
boldt Howe, Ph.B., Palo Alto. Thesis: "Evo
lution and tendencies of the city school."
In economics— Edwin Ray Zion. A.8., Palo
Alto. Thesis: "The recent farm mortgage in
vestigation and Its results."
In law— George Edward Crothers, A.8., San
Jose. Thesis: "The historical development
of creditors' rights, excepting those arising
from certain special relations." Owen Griffith
Hopkins, A. 8., Sacramento. Thesis: "Mining
customs: astudy in the development of mining
law." Britton Day Wigle, A.8., Palo Alto.
Thesis: "The law of additional servitudes."
Gilbert Griffin Wigle, A.8., Palo Alto. Thesis:
"The law oi party walls."
In mathematics— Walter Edwin Wlnship,
A.8., San Diego. Tnesis: "A surface of the
fourth order," with model.
In physics— * Samuel Wilson Collins, A. 8.,
Graham, Mo.
In chemistry — Maxwell Adams, A.8., St.
George, W. Va. Thesis: "A study of some
halogen salts of tin." Arthur Lowell Emery.
A.8., Ithaca, N. Y. Thesis: "A study and de
scription of the sulphate, nitrate, chloride and
oxaiate of paradiazodiphenyl.V
In botany — Eliza Detn Merrill Babcock, A.8.,
Palo Alto. Thesis: "A systematic study of the
genus arctostaphy .os."
in physioloKy — Chester Lee Magee, A.8.,
San Diego. Thesis: "The effects of atrophine
and morphine on tne output of tne urea and
total nitrogen."
In zoology— Cloudsley Rutter, A.8., Long
Pine, Nebr.
In electrical engineering— Ernest Chesney
Hayward, A.8., Victoria, B. C. The»is: "Appli
cation of complex quantities to alternating
currents": William Henry Reeves Jr., A.8.,
Seattle, Wash. Thesis: "An investigation ol
the Kyan electrometer."
D octors of philosophy— Daniel William Mur
phy, A.M., Palo Alto. Thesis: 'Spectral photo
metric studies"; KarlG. RendtorfT, A.M., Palo
Alto. Thesis: "Suchensinn em beitrag zur
geschichte dcs mi istergi.-.sanges"; Mary Rob
erts Smlth.M. S., Palo Alto. Thesis: "Almshouse
women: A study of 228 women in the City and
County Alms-house of san Francisco"; Kathryn
Janeite Wilson, Sau Jose. Thesis: "Theethics oi
Beowulf."
•Degree conferred January 8, 1896.
STAMFORD'S L W ALUMNI.
Paul M. Frost EUeted President of the
A*Mnr>nti«ti.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
27.— The Stanford Law Alumni Associa
tion held its second annual meeting yes
terday afternoon. After the adoption of
resolutions expressive of regret at the ab
sence of Professor Abbott and the associa
tion's appreciation of his efforts in its be
half, the meeting proceeded to the adop
tion of its constitution. The following
officers were elected for the ensuing year:
President, Paul IL Frost; first vice-presi
dent, C. J. Neuman; second vice-presi
dent, J. A. Hoshor; secretary-treasurer,
G. G. Wigle.
UoudUind'- iJattmt D.iy.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 27.— For the
last few days the weather has been un
nsually warm here, but this was the
hottest of the season, the thermometer
ranging from 80 to 102 degrees.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
PROHIBITIONISTS
IN BATTLE ARRAY
Wild Scenes at the Open
ing of the National
Convention.
SILVER MEN IN REVOLT
Displeased With the Selection for
Temporary Chairman, They
Create a Furor.
THEN THE BAND BEGAN TO PLAT
Amid Great Confusion the Free-Coinage
Minority Capture the Permanent
Chairmanship.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 27.— The seventh
National convention of the Prohibition
party was called to order in this city this
morning in Exposition Hall. H. L.
Caetle, chairman of the committee on re
ception, welcomed the convention as "the
representatives of an army of 300,000 of the
most loyal and single-hearted patriots, and
of 600,000 of as devoted and consecrated
women as ever gathered under any banner
and made warfare against any enemy."
Samuel Dickie of Michigan, chairman
of the National Committee, responded to
the address of welcome. Then, right at
the opening of the formal proceedings,
when Mr. Dickie presented the name of A.
A. Stevens of Tyrone, Pa., as temporary
chairman, tue rebellion of the free silver
minority broke out. Half a dozen dele
gates shouted points of order at Mr.
Dickie, who refused to bear them.
Mr. Woodbey, a colored delegate from
Nebraska, accentuated his rebellion by
standing on his chair and shouting at the
top of bis voice. The band was called
upon to drown the uproar and give the
chairman time to recover his wind and
cordposure. Meanwhile half the conven
tion was walking the floor and a squad of
policemen was ushered into the hall to
Keep order.
Mr. Wh«eler of New York, the gentle
man named in the minority report as
temporary chairman, rose and for the
[ sake of harmony withdrew his name, al
though protesting against what he cailed
an arbitrary and unjust rule.
At last Temporary Chairman Stevens
was permitted to deliver his address. He
began by reciting the history of the Pro
hibition party ; then, coming to National
issues, no said:
"If my prognostications of the politics
of our country during this year be correct
each party will have its own issue to main
tain without entering into antagonisms
that have existed in the past in political
contests. It is therefore important that we
should make no mistake and avoid ex
tremes in contending for questions that
the Prohibition party was never born to
Fettle so long as the drink traffic remains
legalized by tne Government We all have
our opinions on other political questions,
such as the tariff, free trade, free silver,
sound money, etc., and our opinions are
by no 'means a unit. Such issues are to ua
as a party divisive one*, and we should
avoid anything that will divide our ranks
or divert our mind from the great purpose
for which we are organized and cause a
halt in ttie advance we have been making
for political power and control.
"Let us, then, in this convention bear in
mind that nothing would so cratify the
supporters of the drink traffic as a di
vision in our ranics or a fruitless contro
versy in this convention.
"Let us stand back to back to face the
foe, remembering that thus united we
stand or divided we fall." ,
Complete order was maintained during
Chairman Stevens' address. A. Wilson
of Chicago, who had been selected as tem
porary secretary, called the roll of States,
and the committee on credentials was
named.
At 12:30 p. m. the convention took a re
ceßS until 3 p. v., and the various com
mittees proceeded to organize.
Dr. J. B. Cranfill of Texas has been
elected chairman of the committee on
platform, which ia a victory for the nar
row-gau,-e element of the party. Mrs.
Helen M. Oougar has been elected chair
man of the committee on permanent or
ganization.
George C. Christian of Arkansas pre
sided over a caucus of 300 narrow-gaugers,
which was held immediately after the
recess of the convention. The caucus
adopted a resolution declining to support
any issue which could not command a
three-fourths vote of the convention.
At a caucus of the broad-gaugers a call
of the roll of delegates present showed
their strength to be but 335 votes— about
one-third of the total vote of the conven
tion. This practically insures a bolt of the
broad-gauge or free-silver men.
When the convention reassembled in the
afternoon a resolution was paused ex
pressing regret for the sudden death of
Hon. J. C. Brock, one of the delegates
from Massachusetts.
The committee on credentials reported
810 delegates present.
A resolution pledging the convention
not to abate its relentless war on the
licenced rum power was ordered tele
graphed to various religions bodies now in
conference, also to Congress and to Miss
Frances Willard and Lady Somerset in
England.
Mrs. Helen Gouear, chairman of the
committee on permanent orgamzatian, re
ported the name of Oliver vV. Stewart of
Illinois (one of broad-gauge faction) as
permanent chairman.
Mr. Ferguson of New York presented a
minority report on behalf of the narrow
gauge men, recommending the continu
ance of A. A. Stevens in the chair as per
manent chairman.
A tangle over a point of order threw the
convention into a scene of confusion which
lasted for more than an hour.
Much ill-feeliug developed and Chair
man Stevens himself was fora lon&rtime re
fused a hearing, but when at last he gained
the attention of the disturbing elements,
he said tliat though he believed he bad
been put lorward as a representative of
the element in the convention which be
lieved in prohibition and non-divisive
issues, and though he believed in a call of
the States he would be sustained, he would
desire to withdraw his name. This an
nouncement was received with cheers an d
the majority report of the committee was
then adopted aud Mr. Stewart was escorted
to the chair, Mr. Stevens retiring with the
thanks of the convention.
Mr. Stewart, on taking th* gavel, said it
was not the part of nis duty to outline the
platform of the party, and he promised
fair treatment to all.
A motion was made by Mrs. Gongar to
hold a mass-meetint to-night in lien of a
business session was carried after con
siderable opposition, and at 6: 15 p. m. the
convention adjourned until to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock.
The following is the membership ot the
new National Committee of the Prohibi
tion party :
Arkansas— George C. Christian, Alexander
McKnight.
California— Chauncey H. Dunn, J. M. Glass.
Colorado— J. x. Bartels, John Hipp.
Connecticut— R. M. Stanley, F. C. Bradley.
Delaware— J. R. Jarrel, Aloysus Green.
Florida— W. F. Alexander, J. K. Finch.
Georgia— Frank J. Bibley, A. A. Deloach.
Indiana— Helen M. Uouger, F.O. McWhorton.
lowa— B. F. Wright, W. F. Ferris.
Illinois— O. W. Stewart, C. M. Whipple.
Kansas— M. V. B. Bennett, J. P. St. John.
Kentucky— George W. Bain, J. H. Moore.
Maryland— Edwin Hiecins, Levin J. Nelson.
Michigan— H. A. Reynolds, D. M. Grandon.
Massachusetts— Dr. H. A. Gibbs, Frank M.
Forbush.
Maine— Volney B. Cushing, Nathan F.
Woodbury.
Minnesota— B. B. Haugan, VV. J. Dean.
Missouri— Elects to-morrow.
Nebraska— C. B. Bentley, George W. Wood
bey.
New Hampshire— Charles A. Drury, G.
Barnard.
New Jersey— R. j. gwite, W. H. Nicholson.
New V rk— W. T. Wardwell, F. F. Wheeler.
North Dakota-M. H. Kiff, H. H. Mott.
Ohio— L. B. Loi?an, Miss Henrietta T. Moore.
Oregon — Not represented.
Pennsylvania— H. D. Patton, A. A. Stevens.
Rhode Island— H. B. Metcalf, Smith Quimby.
South Dakota— J. N. Lucase, J. N. Hanson.
Tennessee— James A. Tate, R. S. Chevea.
Texas— J. B. Cranfill, E. C. Heath.
Virginia— J. W. Bod ley, J. R. Miller.
Vermont— C. \v. Wyniann. 11. C. Barnes.
Wisconsin— S. D. Hastings, O. D. Oleson.
West Virginia— J. R. Carskador. Frank Burt.
District of Columbia— H. B. Moulton.
The States not given are not represented at
the convention.
The following is the membership of the
committee on platform:
Arkansas— Rev. Louis Johnston.
California— Chauncey H. Dunn.
Colorado — John Hipp.
Connecticut— Rev. S. B. Forbes.
Delaware— J. D. West.
Georgia— Frank J. Sibley.
Indiana— D. F. Mulsh.
Illinois— Hale Johnston.
Kansas— John P. St. John.
Maryland— W. Frank Tucker.
Massachusetts— John A Nicholls.
Michigan— J. S. Evans.
Maine— Volney W. Cushing.
Minnesota— G. Wells.
Mississippi— Henry Ware.
Missouri— T. a. Turnbaugh
Montana— Wilder Nutting.
Nebraska— C. E. Bentley.
New Hampshire— R. A. Frohock.
New Jersey— J. G. Vancise.
New York— Rev. Dr. I. K. Funk.
Ohio— L. B. Logan.
Pennsylvania— H. T. Ames.
Rhode Island— H. B. Metcalf.
Tennessee— James A. Tate.
Wisconsin— E. W. Chafin.
District of Columbia— John R. Mahoney.
Texas— Dr. J. B. Cranfill.
The committee on platform agreed to re
port a series of resolutions, of which the
tirst recites the evils and corruption
wrought in private and public life by the I
liquor traffic; the second rejects all plans j
for regulation or compromise, such as lo
cal option, taxation, license or public con
trol ; the third appeals to wage-workers to
support the party of real protection ;
to industry by suppression of the
waste caused by liquor; the fourth '■
aud fifth declare for good government and
the purity of the ballot, to be best ob- j
tamed by the destruction of the liquor j
power; the sixth appeals to church people !
to support the party whose aims are kin- I
d red to their own; the seventh declares!
the time ripe for a successful political !
movement against the liquor traffic, and i
invites the co-operation of all citizens,
whatever their opinion may be on other
questions, and the eighth declares that "no
citizen should be denied the right to vote
on account of sex."
A minority report will be submitted by
the broad-gauge faction's committee, em
bodying planks favoring free silver, the
election of United States Senators by a
direct vote of the people; Government con
trol of railroads, teleerapbs, etc.
A majority of the new National com
mittee has determined to continue Hon.
Samuel Dickie of Michigan as its chair
man. Tne proposed action of the ma- |
jortty is violently opposed by the broad- 1
gauge faction of the committee, who will
contest the election, but virtually concede
that it is inevitable.
BOISE MURDERER HANGED
James Ellington Executed for the
Killing of Charles
Briggs.
The Black Cap Is Displaced as He
Drops, Exp^ing His Dis
torteJ Features.
BOISE, Idaho, May 27. — James A.
Ellington was hanged to-day for the mur
der of Charles Briggs, in Boise, on Deeem
bei 20, 1894. The drop fell at 9:21, and he
was pronounced dead- in nine minutes.
Just as the drop fell the black cap was
lifted off by the force of air, and before the
rope became taut the features were ex
posed. The horrifying spectacle caused
atronz men to turn away.
On December 30, 1894, Ellington shot
Charles Briggs in front of the latter's
home in this city. Ellington met his vic
tim, passed, and then wheeled and shot
him in the back. Brings lingered several
days, Ellington havine been arrested ami
held, awaiting vhe result of the act. After
Bnpgs death Ellington was given an
examination and bound over. At the
ensuing term of the District Court, in Jan
uary, lie was convicted of murder in the
first degree and sentenced to hang. An
appeel acted ns a stay. The case was
passed on in November by the Suprema
Court, and at the March term of the Dis
trict Court he was sentenced to nang on
May 27.
The trouble over which the 3! ooting oc
curred arose from business matters. El
lington had worked for Brigas and lived at
his house. The men came here from Cali
fornia and Oregon toeether. Ellington
worked for his victim for some time, was
discharged, and afterward set up a claim
for wages due. El.ington was about 45
years of are and was born in Georgia. At
one time he pave notice of a plot to kill
Deputy Sheriff Fulton and effect a jail
delivery.
This "is the first legal execution that has
occurred in Idaho since 18S5.
~r- — .♦
Captured <it Suitun.
SUISUN, Cal., May 27.— An all-round
crook known aa "Bronco" Hilton was ar
rested here last evening. Some time ago
he was arrested in Vallejo and placed in
jail on a charge of burglary. On the morn
ing he was to have bad his preliminary
• xamination lm escaped from jail. He
was identified here by Officer Fleming of
Vallejo us he alUhtcd from the Napa
tram. The authorities state a number of
charges will be brought against the man
who ia now in ibe County JaiL
BY A MAY QUEEN,
Yolo County Native Sons
Bend the Knee to a
Sovereign.
CROWNED WITH LILIES.
Pretty Coronation Rites at the
Picnic of Woodland
Parlor.
ATHLETIC SPOETS FOR PHIZES.
The Day's Festivities Conclude With
a Moonlight Ball in the
Evening.
WOODLAND, Cal., May 27.-Woodland
Parlor No. 30, Native Sons of the Golden
West, baa nad charge of more than one
picnic in past years, but none surpassed
the affair under ite auspices at Coil's
Grove to-day. Miss Tiliie Schluer, the
beautiful Queen of May, ruled an im
mense concourse of people assembled
from this city and from the various towns
of the county. The road between Wood
land and Coil's Grove was lined all day
•with conveyances of every description.
Woodland had capitula ed to the Queen of
May and her charming attendants.
From a picnic point of view t c day has
been ideal. Tnis afternoon the thermome
ter registered nearly 100 degrees. It has
been a sweltering day, but it afforded the
ladies a chance to wear their daintiest and
coolest Bummer dresses, while among the
men there was a decided spriukling of
white duck and tincoated backs. The re
freshment stands have been stampeded
all day.
Of course the main teature of the day's
festivities was tne crowniuj; of the Queen
of May. The interest manifested in the
contest for this place of honor had not
died out with the announcement that Miss
Schluer bad carried off the honors by a
handsome margin. Expectation was on
tiptoe to behold the ceremony which was
to bring her triumph to a brilliant climax.
The coronation took place at 2 o'clock
this afternoon before a vast crowd of in
terested spectators. A beautiful throne
had been constructed adjoining the large
dancing platform. By a profuse use of
the national colors, symbols of the Native
Bone, and of flowers and vines, which na
ture so lavishly bestows on the favored
'people of this county, Miss Schluers
friends had made the regal station a place
| of rare beauty.
The Queen was preceded by her maids
of honor, M sses Birdie Morris, Annie
Richie, Minnie Germeshausen, Lottie
| Eastham. Annie Deaner and Dahlia Horn
> lein. Master Paul Leake, son of Ed E.
| Leake of this city, and little Ethel Palian
! supported her train.
The Queen's dress was of white swiss
and combined in its consi ruction simplic
ity and elegance. The trimmings were in
silver braid. The dainty white dresses of
the maids were in keeping with the simple
splendor of their Queen's attire.
District Attorney R. E. Hopkins placed
the crown of white and pink lilies of the
valley upon the fair brow of the Queen
elect, after a neat and graceful speech. He
said in part:
"We are come here within this solemn
grove of Druid oaks to crown with the dia
dem of sovereignty her whose graces and
accomplishments eminently qualify her
to reign over us for this short, golden
period of a summer's day. We salute you
as Queen of May— not servilely, but freely
—and gladly we kneel to you in free and
humble fealty, not in the groveling, pa
tronizing fealty of some subject of ancient
monarchy. We crown you also as a token
of our love for golden California. We
Hail Ye Heroes
Heavenborn
Band!
Hail, ye valiant survivors of Gettysburg, The
Wilderness, Antietain, Lookout Mountain, Vicks-
burg and Appomattox —
While with bough and blossom you decorate
the graves of your departed fellow-heroes, will
you not dress yourselves in the best true-blue
Suit that a fair price will buy ?
OREGON CITY CASSIMERE indi^o-dyed
BLUE KERSEYS do not fade. The color is
permanent in its original brightness and fresh-
ness; as permanent as your recollection of daring
wartime deeds and stirring wartime scenes.
Sold to you without the retail profit — which
means about half the retail price '
HEAVY WEIGHT, ALL WOOL, single or
double breasted, $15.
MEDIUM WEIGHT, single-breasted, $950;
double, $10.
No London, Paris or New York tailor ever put
better work into his garments.
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon €.'_•• Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sts.
ALL BLUE SIGNS _
were born in her srolden sunshine; we
were nurtured amid her buds ana flowers;
we have slept beneath her clear blue
heavens' vault, and now we crown you
Queen of May, and may this badge of
sovereignty, may this beautiful crown
which nature has made for us be tne only
bad-e of royalty to which we shall ever
bow the knee."
The consummation of the coronation
ceremony wasgreeted with applause from
the hundreds of subjects below, who had
just confided sovereignty to the Queen of
May. Miss Schluer, with charming grace
and modesty, assumed the trust, and after
proper acknowledgments proclaimed that
mirth might now abound and joy be un
confined. The dancing platform was
thronged with youth and bpauty early in
the afternoon, and the votaries of the waltz
and two-step remained there far into the
night, with a short intermission in the
early evening for dinner. The moon shone
clear and bright and played through the
trees, converting the scene into one of
fairyland. A maze of buggies and car
riages surrounded the platform, contain
ing those who preferred to watch quidly
the evolutions of the dancers and drink in
the music.
As soon as the coronation ceremonies
were concluded, the baseball ?tme between
the Knights Landing and Woodland clubs
was called on a diamond especially pre
pared, just east of the dancing payilion.
An immense crowd of baseball enthusiasts
went ont to witness the sport. The game
was won by the Knights Landing club by
a score of 22 to 12.
The grounds Bet apart for the bluerock
shooting were soon crowded with those
who take a delight in that kind of sport,
and the whirr of the target and the pop of
the sliotgun furnished amusement for the
gun enthusiasts during the afternoon.
The committee havine in charge the
games and sports for the children soon
had its hands full of business. There were
many events, numerous contestants and
s»me handsome and substantial prizes.
The committee of arrangements, con-
sistinu of R. G. Lawson, John Leathers,
Morus Zaker, A. C. Huston, James Law
son, W. 3. Huston, M. C. Keefer and A.
M. Britt, deservps to be highly compli
mented for the admirable manner in
which it discharged its duties, and also for
the excellent order maintained throughout
the day.
The festivities were concluded with a
grand moonlight ball in the evening.
A SANTA CRUZ CATASTROPHE.
While Gunning for Feline Disturbers of His
Slumbers a Priest Wounds Two of
His Neighbors.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 27.— Father
McNamee, pastor of the Catholic church
here, was exercising his shotgun in the
grounds at the parsonage shooting dis
turbing felines this evening. He was mak
ing good progress in the extermination of
the disturbers Of the peace of the neigh
borhood when a neighbor, L. 0. Stuben
dorff, whose dwelling stands on the lower
incline of Mission Hill, below the priest's
domicile, objected to the shotgun exhibi
tion. The father told him to mind his
own business, and he proceeded with bis
destruction of the cats. A stray shot
struck Stubendorff's boy in the harm and
another struck his daughter in the neck.
Mr. Stubendorff sought a Justice of the
Peace and entered a complaint of disturb
ing the peace. Father McNamee pleaded
not guilty and went on his own recogniz
ance to appear for trial. Meanwhile the
cats will enjoy the beautiful moonlit nights
undisturbed by the father's shotgun.
DEATH OF A EUREKA JUDGE.
John Carr, Author of "Pioneer Day a in
California," Pattern Away. ■
EUREKA, Cal., May 27.— Police Judge
John Carr died of paralysis at his home in
this city this afternoon. He was 68 years
of age and a.pioneer of 1850.
During the gold excitement in Arizona
he left here and became the first Mayor of
Tombstone. Judge Carr was the author of
"Pioneer Days in California," which has
had a large sale. Ha was a prominent
Mason and a member of the Humboldt
County Pioneers.
Governor Budd at Merced.
MERCED, Cal., May 27. — Governor
Budd arrived here this evening on bis way
to the Yoßemite Valley to attend the an
nual meeting of the Commissioners, which
takes place next Monday. The Governor
will go into the valley by the new route
just opened from Merced via Coulterville
and Bower Cave.
IMP Til I Partial loss of
I AIL II 'lli stren St», partial im-
* ****> m * * i « potency partial pre-
D I DTI II mature|eBs, partial
I/I 111, lIA I 1 neuro-rurvousness are
IHUIIHL the forrunner of a
I) I DTI II complete bank up
lIX II 111 system. If you wish
I ill* 1 lllli to recover swiftly you
mnrriif will nae fhe g reat '•■
"AmIAL medi ?' re ," ment
PARTIAL HUDYAN
PARTIAL " UU r WI
Is 1 !• mi I ¥ You can gtt K'.idyaa
rlKlltl. only from tae old doo.
1 All I lilii tors of the Hudson
¥4 l nmi i ■" Medical Institute. No
I' IK I 111 one else has Hudyan,
1 illll 1 lilli no one else can give
PARTIAL — V
PARTIAL HUDYAN
Filili I lilL # Cures prematnreness
t\ iitmi i v 'of the discharge ia
Till twenty days. Hudyan
I .ill I Li L cures Lost Manhood,
.. ... __ i w Hydrocele, Varicocele,
I'll' I ill Emissions, Nervous-
lillLlLil/ "ness, Waste of the
* . * * * Body and a deoline of
Ik Til I nerve force. Hudyan
I All HAL if> the one grand re-
_ -~ medic - treatment. It
p I DTI II is just what makes a
I llllS lli perfect, a complete
M. aw M. mL man. Hudyan cures
D I DTI If when others fail to
I 4 Is. lIA I j cure - It has been tried
1 hid 1 in.ii and tried by the old
DID FFI 1 T Hudsonian doctors and
Ills I 111; '.' O cc [n always been
1 x^illJ I IAU successful.
D i mi If If y° u wish to now
I IIkII Hi the secret of success, if
1 mill lllli you desire to have
Is 1 firm 1 1 proofs of the great
I ilk IHi Hudyan's wonderful
1 Hill 1 liili powers call or write for
i HUDYAN PROOFS. :
HDDSOS MEDICAL ISSTITUTB,
Stockton, Market and JKIUs Sts.
BLOOD TAINTS SHOW
Pimples. —
— — Copper-colored spots. — —
- — Sore mouth. * ;: . J
Sore throat.. — -
Falling hair.
- — Enlarged lumps.
Glandular lumps. — —
Skin eruptions. —
— - Partial loss of eyebrow. - — •
f.':—-r : i Sore eyes. — —
When in this condition don't go to hot
springs— go to the doctors of Hudson. •
You can sometimes arrest the poison in
thirty days.
I BLOOD '-
: cures :
: FREE. :
CALL OR write
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton. Market am) Ellis Sts.
Her
Ideal
Man
Is a gentleman, and he dresses like *
gentleman. An important article of
apparel is his Shirts, and naturally he
wears the "STANDARD" Shirts.
You can pattern 'after him to that extent
by asking any dealer for them.
NECSTADTER BROS., M'f'R&
STATEMENT
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
ox th a
FIDELITY AND CASUALTY
COMPANY
OP NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OP NEW
York, on the 31st dar of December, A. D. 1895
«nd for the year ending on that day. as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as pet
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up
in cash. .........: $250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real esta'e owned by the company.. $579,460 49
Cash market value of all stocks and
' bonds owned by c0mpany........ 1,384,870 00
Cash In company's office 28,312 65 -
Cash in banks 41,78051
Interest due and accrued on all ■ ■
■ stocks and loans ' 2.655 16
Premiums in due course of collection .'■ 296,198 50
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash -
In company's possession) 7,808 41
Total assets .$2,311,086 72
/LI ABILITIES. "
Losses in process of adjustment or 1 )
in suspense \. $409,647 56
I-O8»ea resisted Includl;.* expenses)
Total unearned premiums 1,342 629 07
Due to other companies for reinsur- ' *
ance .......•• ' 5,742 10
All other demands against the com-
Pan: 14,17178
Total liabilities ............... ... $1,772,090 46
INCOME. .
Net rash actually received for ■• ■
premiums $2,500,958 35
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
ail other sources 102,310 81
Received for profit on securities
501 d..:....... :......,.... ,41021
Total income...... •• .$2.603,678 87
EXPEND IT URJSS7~ ■ : ■ :
Net amount paid for 1055e5........... $910,653 10
Dividends to stockholders.. 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or . .
brokerage .* . 665,249 55
Paid for salaries, fees and .other
charges for officers, c erks, etc. . . 234,007 44
Paid for. ate, National xnd local . -■
:. taxe5.'.......:.:.....'.............. ' 45,620 94
All other payments and expendi- * ■ -■
, tures 619,784 00
Total expenditures^:.. .......... $2,415,316 03
GEORGE F. BEWARD, President.
ROBERT J HILLAs, Secretary. -
Subscribed and sworn to before me this SOth day
of January, 189 - . I^r
K. A. RABENEU, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
S. C. PARpE, Resident Manager,
. Mutual Life Building,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA*BALLOT -WOOING
BY DISTRICTS,
Suffrage Clubs Are Being
Organized in Every
Ward.
TO HAVE HEADQUARTERS
How Society Women Carry On
the Propaganda in Their
Homes.
OAKLAND IS ALSO DISTRICTED.
It Is Intended to Poll Both This and
Interior Cities Before Election
Time.
For the last two weks the woman suf
fragists have been working very actively
in districting the City. A number of
clubs have already been formed in the dif
ferent wards and before long there will not
be a ward without its club of women work
ing for suffrage.
A good deal of work is mapped out for
these clubs. At present the members are
canvassing for signatures for the Demo
cratic convention. Later on the whole
City will be polled for the probable num
ber of votes on the suffrage amendment.
The clubs have almost all been organized
in private homes and every day a parlor
meeting is held in some one or tUe other
district. Later it is intended to branch out
into public halls and the united clubs will
have a headquarters downtown.
Avast amount of propaganda work in
the cause of the amendment to the constitu
tion is being done by the members of these
clubs. Women who might hesitate about
attending public meetings think nothing
of dropping into some society woman's
house for a parlor chat. Rabid anti-suf
fragists have been known to go, listen, de
cide that there is something, after all, in
the amendment, and, after a period of hes
itancy and investigation, have turned right
about face and joined the club.
The next thing these women do is to pe
tition their friends for signatures. Men
and women are talked to in their homes,
suffrage is discussed at dinner parties and
over 5 o'clock teas and men are beginning
to find that bright, genial hostesses whom
they never for a moment suspected of a
craving to vote have become members of
one or other of the clubs and are actually
canvassing for signatures in favor of suf
frage.
The following clubs are already in full
working order:
Thirty-fifth District— President, Mrs. Mabel
Taylor; vice-president, Mrs. Rose C. Ewing;
.-eeretary, Mrs. Lena H. Bailey; treasurer, Mrs.
Elizabeth G. Morrison.
Forty-first District— President, Mrs. Judge
Cotton; vice-president, Mrs. Lovell White;
treasurer, Mrs. William Hester.
Forty-second District— President, Mrs. Meath
Lawton; vice-president, Mrs. Margaret Whe
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring Meeting:, Bay District Track. Twenty-fourth day. Wednes
day, May 27, i 896. Weather fine. Track fast.
19^0 1 "' IKttT RACE— Six lurlon?s; selling: three-year-olds and upward; conditions; allowances;
-L ~-,tJ\j . purse $500.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. - V* % % .Str. Fin. Jockeys. o BettIl> *l
1242 Bi Chief, 3 99 ~T SI 2% SI lh Martin "12 12
1248 Joe Cotton, a..... 106 4 61 3h 3 1 2% Bozeman.. 3 11-6
1238 Miss Pollard, 3.... 951 5........ 4% 6 5 65. 3h Sbepard. .. 8 6
VJ44 Little Tough, a.. .106 6 6 5* 51 62 4* Amis.... SO 60
1227 Decision, 3.. 1...95 2 1 V, 11. lit 52 H. Wilson 2 2
1242 Silver State, 5... 109 3 3% 41 4 1^ 86 ?!:°:\"::: 7-2 3
1237 LonnieB, a. 109 7 7 10 7 10 7 5 7 20 McKenna SO 100
639 Prince, a.. ........ Ill 8 8 8 8 8 McClain 30 30
Starting-gnUs used. Won driving. Winner. Niagara stable's b. g., by Apache-Flora. Time, 1:16.
19^1 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; allow-
-L^>t-'-L. ancea; purse 300.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. 14 . % % Str. j Fin. Jockeys. o Bettln g^
1238 Coda,3 i 92 4 11 i"% 12 12 L Johnson 7 ~5 11-2
1209 Marionette. 3 99 3 2 1% 2h 22 31 Martin. °".\\. 9-2 6
1242 (Banjo, 5... Ill 2 3h 41 41 41 Hennessy 15 10
1235 Cardwell. 3 100 9 7% 8 Vi 52 55 • People" 12 l"
1242 ReyAlta,4. 109 10... 10 10 9 6% Snider 8 10
1220 !Hanford.4 109 1.. ...... 61 7% 61 7?* Bowman: 20 'l3
1205 starling, 5 109 8 8% 9 2* 10 85 Cbady/Z ' 8 15
1236 Cornente, 3 ..;.. 97 7........ 41 35 72 93 McClain. 16 ' \ 12
1242 O'Fleeta.4 109 6 6% 6% 8 10 Seraen 4 ; > *
1232 Arno,4 104 5 9 2* 5 1* 31 2 3* wufon\""".'::: 7-2 I
1 , ! 5 , tarti •Dlsqnal?fledl Won eMlly " Winner, Pueblo stable's b. *•• Dy imp. Cyrus-Imp. Kosette. Time,
1 :14i/j. •Ulsfjiialinea.
1 252 THIRD RAC1£ - Flve fnrlongs; selling: four-year-olds ami up; conditions; purse $350.
Index.' one, age, weight I St. 14 % % str. ' Fin. " Jockeys. getting.
1221 America, 4 110 1 3 fa 4 2 1 1 ia «;hip!d« ft. 9 5
1220 .Pecksniff. 5 115 8 6 5 4 £ 2 h Bergen 7~ 10
1230 George Rose, 4...109 5 5 6 3 U. 3 1 Martin" 7 d.
1218 i Joe Hill, a... 112 9 .... 8 8 7 % 4 life H?nn?s«r *"•*" 12 IB
1244 i Lucky D, 4 109 6 4 3% 5 5 2 % "part 7 100 1OO
1191 De Groat, 5 112 2 1% 1 2* 114 eta Snfd*r 20 30
1381 tew* iilU ? ? 2 |»!2Sr.::~™3S 108
••iiia- SStf^:::::::::!}? iS :::::::: xS iS ig- i n Kr-- eS* 5 4 S
625 Dorsey, 4.. 109 3 2b 2% 9 10 cbX 7 7
12*6 Chinook,4 107 14 14. 12™ 11. 11 Rus,ell lft. 20
1187 Was V 4 - 107 \l -'— g 1? » » fwuiVam^:::: 100 200
••1227 p nd*Eci,pse;4: 1 io^ & "::::;: if II a H %5&£!r.:::::: '% "IS
. . 0^ artlng<ate used. Won driving. Winner, D. J. Tobin's b. m., by Red Iron-Lou B. Time,
1253. pu rYe R $400. ~ One aDd * qnarter . mUc8: nurdle 5 handicap: ear-old, and upward;
Index-! Horse, age, weight, j St.] 8t^. V 4 % % Fin. Jockeys. Op^* tUB Cl
1232 'Three Forks, a.... 145 3. 15 Iff 112 18 1 15 Peters. B~ I
(1224) Hello. 4 .....147 7 6" 6 6 34 2 12 W. Clancy 116 2
1237 Huntsman, 5 ISO 2 5 5. 3h 4 3 3 Rudolph 12 15
1231 Artemus, 4.. .....132 1 24 10 28 . 2n 46 Hennessy"""" 10 8
1237 Comrade, 6 136 43X4 6 5 55 T Murphy 2 10
1224 Arnndel. 5 137 6 9 8 7 6 62 Cuddr 92165
1237 The Lark. 5 142 11 10 9 9 8 7 O Murphy 10 15
1179, Capt. spencer. 6..126 8 42 3% 41 7 8 MuUnu "" 30 40
VJ37. Pricelle, 6 ...... 122 5.7^ 7 8 9 9 GaJindo 100 ™
1181 Landlord. 5 122 9 8 10 10 10 10 Merrill. 100 100
1121 lEsperance, 6.... 138 ' 10 11 11 u u 11 C«fpp8...::.":::. 13 12
Starting-gate used. Won eaally. Winner, B. Farrar's b. g., by Spokane-Trifle. Time, 2:163,4.
1254 V^0 U BAC£ ?~ SIx furIonBs; selling; three-year-olds and up; conditions; allowances: purse
Ind. ! Horse, - age, weight. St. % % % Str. -I Fin. Jockeys. J 8 *" 111 £
_^ ' ' ' ' '" ' ___ ' ' Op« Cl*
(1231) Kavory, 4 .112 6 3h 2 1% ~T% lT~ Beauchamp ~ 20~ 25
(1164>'l>ayli"ht. 3 100 8 8 7^5™ 2h Plggott:.?...'" 15 15
1201 Gold Bug.a. ...... Ill 2 ........ lh 3h 3% 3% Bowman:.:.:::: 20 20
1234 y.otmlr. 6 114 4 7 4 4 41 Snider. ! 4 3
1240 Rlcardo, 5 114 7 6 8 8 5 C. Weber .""" 16 25
1236 Howard. 5 10H 1 ...6 6 7 6 I.Johnson 7 9
1180 Tiberius, 3 97 3 4% 5 6 7 McClain.. .'.'." 7-2 4
(1236) Hymn, 5 .....Ill .6 21 In 2 1 8 Shields '.*.!". 7-5 7.5
Starting-gate used. ■ Won handily. Winner, A. P.' Miller's ch. h., by John A-Lowena R. Time
1:141/2. ■ • ; '
"1 9*5 81XTH RACE— Three miles; selling: four-year-olds and up; purse $600.
Index. j Horse, age, weight. St. 1 m. 2 m. V* % Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. eMD %.
,}?£!, Thornhill. 6 102 .3 31 4h 32 > 2% IT" 1 5 PIggott (Ti 12~5
(1197) Uncle Giles, 4.... 100 2 2n 1% 11 11 22 2 % Peoples. I I* 9-2 3
1226 Uuch.ofMllpltas,4 84 4 14 2 6 2 4 : 38 32 3 20 Butler....:.. ... 6 4
12*0 Sleeping Child, 4. 82 1 42 3% 42 42 146 111 H. Brown!...!"'.'. 12 13-2
1204 MlBsGarvIn, 4... 80 6 6 62 ,51 61 6 10 5 60 Joe Weber........ 16 12
486- Imp, ivy, 5.. '..... 104 6J6h 16 6 6 6 6 Bergen... 10 4
»r». St */ : ftte used. Won easily. Winner, T. Lundy's ch. h., by Imp. Cheviot- Phoebe Anderson.
± Ime, o :/o%< . " . ■
1 9P\fi SEVENTH RACK— One and a quarter miles: the Farewell handicap; three-year-olds and
X4UU. op; purse 8600 and silver cup. . ■ • ; •. •"-viu»»oa
index. Horse, age. weight. St. Std. »4 Vz Str. / Pin. Jockeys. o Be " In ci
(1192) Senator Bland, 3. 92 1 4 ~b 32 ~5^ 21 lh H. Brown "lO 9
V,;"' b ? ch^ ne "-t-, 94 1 11%. 11 13 1% 21 1. Johnson -4' 8
(1206) YankeeDoodle, 3.106 5 6 61 4h It *A 31 Co»dy 5-2 3-2
(1219) K del Bandinos. 3.107 2 3% 41 3n iT 41 PiKgott • •
1247 lm; Fulerton L, 5.300 6 41 6 . 6 6 «-66 Snider... 16 35
1217 abrll 4 V J ;— 116 3 21-22 21 -5,6 C.Weber B-2 11-5
1241 Pen r Second, 4... 98 8 9 7 8 8 7 McCIain 4»* 4
(1234) Peru, 3. ...... ....107 9 7, 8 7 7 ; 8 Martin.......... 15 1*
1238 .flower. 6... 100 7 8 10 10 '10 9 Frawley 30 60
1166 'Wawona, 6,:......98 11 11 11 11 ,11 10 Shepard 15 15
1234 All over. 4 .110 10.10.. 9 9 ,'9 11 . ■" ' Shields. ■■....I!! 5 ;. .6
rr. "'"6-« : *' r nse , d - Won diving. - Winner, W. D. RandaU p s.ch. c by Imp. Inverness- Wood Violet
Time, 2:07. Coupled with Yankee Doodle. - •• Coupled with Nebuchadnezzar.
land; secretary Miss Laura H. Wells; treas
urer, Miss Mary Ward.
v. T h^ t r* econd District— President, Mrs. Ma-
Dei osborne; vice-president, Miss Sinclair;
secretary, Miss Poultney: treasurer, Mrs. Ver
dinal.
The following clubs have elected presi
dents—the other officers will be announced
on Friday. The formation for several new
clubs will also be announced on that day:
Thirty-Bixth District— Liberty Club, Mrs.
Judge Murphy preitdent.
Thirty-seventh District— Mme. Louise Sorbier
president.
Fortieth District— Victory Club, president
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Bllnn.
In Oakland the work of districting has
been going on as actively as in this City,
and the following clubs are now in full
marching order:
Fourth Ward— The Central Club, president,
Mis 6 Borland; vice-president, Mrs. Craft,
Third Ward— President, Mrs. J. C. Camp Dell;
vice-president, Mrs. F. B. Jerome; Mrs. C. J.
Hammer, secretary: Mrs. Bennett, treasurer.
Fifth Ward— Miss Mary Snell, president; Mrs.
L. S. Burcaard, vice-president; Miss Mabel
Cralt, secretary; Miss Mary L. Morgan, treas
urer.
Vernon Heights Club— Mrs. D. C. Havens,
president; Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin, vice-president;
Mrs. A. B. Nye, secretary; Mrs: J. L. Howard,
treasurer.
Seventh Ward— Mrs. F. U. Smith, president;
Mrs. A. A. Moore, vice-president; Mrs. E. J.
Matthews, second vice-president; Mrs. Wll
letts, secretary; Mrs. E. R. Tucker, treasurer.
These clubs are working to secure 50.000
signatures for the Democratic convention.
They bave not begun the work of polling
yet, but the women of Bakerstield have
already begun their house to house canvass,
and in the districts where they find strong
opposition to the amendment, they are
working to give the people a change of
heart. The San Francisco and Oakland
clubs look forward to doing the same work
when the Democratic convention is over.
Young Girls Organize.
A large and enthusiastic body of yonng
ladies met at American Hall, corner Pa
cific and Leavenworth streets, on Friday
evening for the purpose of forming an ad
junct club to affiliate with the North End
Equality Club in the interest of woman
suffrage and to be known as the Young
Ladies' branch of that name.
The meeting was called to order by Miss
Sadie Callaghan. It was decided to lay
over for one week the election of officers.
The following committees were appointed
by the chair:
Committee on permanent organization —
Miss Maud Van Croonberg, Miss Cora
Tevis and Miss Lena Lengenfelder.
Committee on constitution and by-laws
— Miss Grace Pierson, Miss Ida Lundoerg,
Miss Susie Kelly and Miss Blanche Babin.
Some very appropriate remarks by
Mr. Harry Groth. who is an ardent advo
cate of woman's suffrage, were loudly ap
plauded.
The Esmeralda Glee Club, composed of
the following gentlemen (services volun
teered): John Davis, Peter Lowry, Ralph
Nolan, John Slavin and Joseph Shauch
nessy, discoursed some sweet music, which
was well received.
Mills Commencement
OAKLAND, Cal., May 27.— The com
mencement exercises of Mills College and
Seminary occurred this afternoon in the
chapel of that institution. The rooms had
been beautifully decorated and were
crowded to their utmost capacity with
friends from Oakland, San Fran
cisco and vicinity. The college class con
sisted of Miss Jessie Maie French, Miss
Judia. Florence Lee and Miss Elva Deane
Smith and they took for their motto "Fol
low light and do the right." The seminary
class consisted of Miss Estella Bloch, Miss
Edna Vincent Brown, Miss Rebecca Louise
Davis, Miss Julia Grace Gilbert, Miss
Mabel Hollis, Miss Lulu Foster Howe,
MissEllenor Rose Mathews, Miss Estelle
Josephine Parker and Miss Violet Alta
Webster. Their motto was "En Suivant
La Verite."
• 0 »
Edison prophesies that in ten years
horseless carriages will be the rule, and
horse-propelled vehicles the exception.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
BLANTHER HAD A
PERFECT DOUBLE,
Followed by Officers With
Pistols, Near San
Jose.
ROMANCE OF IDENTITIES
Circumstantial Evidence That
Was Strong Enough for
Conviction.
ANTONE JANKOVICH'S STORY.
Another Austrian Officer, a Linguist,
With a Wounded Hand, and a
Face Like Blantber's.
Here is a story from the orchards of
Santa Clara County about a case of mis-
Antone Jankovich, Who While Camping in the Santa Clara Valley Was Taken
for Blanther, the Fugitive.
.[From a photograph by Bus knell.]
taken identity coupled with circumstan
tial evidence that savora of the romantic.
The chain of evidence was so strong and
so complete an officer of the county made
up his mind that he had captured Blan
ther, the alleged murderer and fugitive
from justice.
Rumor had it that Blanther was seen in
the vicinity of San Jose. Indeed, people
stated positively they had seen him and
talked with him in the Garden City. And
the whole valley was overrun with expedi
tions searching for the distinguished-look
ing murderer. As the story went, he was
seen with a gun over westward toward
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleslde Track.
In races where tbe horses have no record »t thfc distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Aobrevlatlons— P., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST BACK— Half ft mile: maiden two-year-olds. " ~ " "
■ —_ — _ " ~~~~~~~~~~"
Index. Name. Lbs record. DIst. Lbs Tk. Owner. " • Pedigree.
1216 Lady Helolse... 110 no rec. C. Vanta Bendll-Lady Mlddleton
sly lift no rec.
}?i? r ertWe « l ° lOOjnorec W.Erp. ..."..*.'". Rath bone^Miss bourne
U7 * iiSSi?-?i^"" i?n !2™ * • -• A.B.Spreckel8 Imp. H*llowmas-Zule°ka
1229 . Widow Jones... 100 norec. :::::::: :::: :::: D . JVTobin"..";".*.!."! Su'AndVew-Hattie BaU
Granderia 110 norec . J. Walsn Bf"n Alt-Duche-H K>ndill
1245 Vanish 108 norec J. Robblns ..... Kin Thorn^ Vl"™.
12^9 Dolce....... .... 100 no rec. Pueblo stable Flambeau-imp. Janet N
1188 ! Rosa Magenta.. 97 norec. .-... J. Carlin . . . Ip Mariner-Rosa Bella
1223 i Santa Paula. ....llPO; no rec. C. 1. ThackerV......: Bant erg- Dottle D^mp'e"' 1 *
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles. '. " ~~ '■ ~ T ~"
: I Best *~ ~ J" — ■
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
(1247) Instigator....... 100 1:41 Tm~" 94 f77 Elm wood farm Imp. Bnrus-Installation.
inlT lu«n enn '"-' ft? HZ A } m \?Z F " 1 Cam bridge stable.. olen Elm- Ked Girl.
1041 Fllrtllla 107 1:42 1 m 100 F. . O. Apnleby.. .. I Peel -Fans' I ne.
1247 ,Bel!eBoyd 91 1:49 V* llrlBm 87 F.. J. V. Atkins." " . El Rio R v-Sylvla.
1163 Paros 102,1:42^ l m 91 F.. J. Carroll "::....". jimp Keorie-ffrS Ssfl. -
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; maiden; three-year olds.
I Best ~ ~ ~ ' T—
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree. V
112*2 ?u a c°a ! tln II 107 " Hope Glen stock fm Surinam-Imp. Gertrude
MM r>£«« ■" «7 hKl tJrad V '• Imp- Inverness-Yolande
1-202 R"lah 99 * ' 2* £-iJ lder< "—■— Imp- Sir Modred-Hnowdrop
i.,o^ SI 1 22 — C. E. Clawson Hindoo- Fair Lady
1226 Minnie. 97 Phoenix stable. Red Iron-Miss Metford
1214 rr^«t?° Ml W.D. Randall. Hyder All-Carrte O
1013 Rhaetla..... 97 Elmwood flunni'.II!-! imp.'Brutuii-Moesta *"•"•
"iili' v o 8 n C Dunk 102 " Lone .table....... .. Three Cheers-Marguerite
141* von JJUnK \.\\z ••• .... ........ ... .... I), Bndeoa Tmn CodvpiiI n.., nAll ,
1U9 Black Peggy... 97 , \. WV. Kilmin * Ste'ri 8? Carl^fous in Peg«
1214 Masoero 99 C*. Pacheco.'... Peel-Ursula . ggy
iS2; Amy Lee........ 97 James Lee Panlque-Voltlruer
10«6 \]f *Techa 107 — • N. B. Hall.. Flambeau-Flam
1170 1 Broad Billow... 09 1 C. F. Banders....... Broad Church-Billow
FOURTH RACE— Nine-sixteenths of a mile: two-year-olds. ■ ' ; '• I ' '. *
— .. .... __ , : _ _ _
I Best '■ 7 ' —
Index. Name. Lbs j Record Dist. Lbs Tic. Owner. • Pedigree. ; : .>"•"'■
1160 MIssBuckman. 101 no rec ~ A. B, Spreckels .... Salvator- Delight
• ••••••• AlftSAD. ■■ -.....* 1 "ijf ........ ........ .. .
l aW ey del TI?rra * JOA \" : Mii i'i^'i" 107 F.V. Cambridge stable!'. PrinceofNortoik.Hardii'"
950 Dura 101 norec Lone stable. . . Three Cheer*- M nil ii si
1229 Sweet imam . 104 l:08» 5 f 108 H.. Woo^slde stable.:. FUz.jam?* 01 8
1216 Howard? 104 :39 8f 110 H. J. a Shields. Imi) Whl«tlPiJir«7.ti..
1196 ! Scarborough.... 104 :50 % m 113 >..;. A.kin * Lottridge" El RloReV.Fo^set^
(1223) ' Oh lan Lass. 105 :60y* % m 105 Fa! Bohemian stable . . Klambeau-imp Trnella
1136 Greyhurst. 101 :57 ii& 1 96 H.. El Primero stable.. I. Martenhnret.Hln Scotch
FIFTH RACE— furlongs; selling. ~~ " ~~ '
•" .-• ■ Best i ~ ! ~ ~" ' " ~ -■
Index. Name. "■ Lbs record. Dlsu Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1179 Flummlfer 100 no rec. ........ 77!" 7777 A. B. Spreckels..:.. Flambeau-Not Idle ~
1167 Bueno.... 109 1:15% 6f 102 "- M Priraero stable.. Hidalgo- Hertie \V
\Hl mS,"', 118 •" in, VWt* 2! 102 - W. D. Randall Imp. Inverness-Affinity
I?*?, le^s-ease*::::: 1071:14»/4 6f . 100 £ California stable.. .. Imp. Sir Modred-(TvD,v
1240 " ea f r '» eM « ™> l :1B^ 6 f 97 F... J. «;. Humphrey ... Imp. Kyrle Dal'v-ExfrTct
•*i24o; North... Ill ........ 97 .... Davenport stable... Prince .Vorfolk-L Winston
1240 Doubtful 97 1 :15J4 6f 97IF.. L. Ezell Doubt-NatchltorhM
(1222) Toano Ill 1 :ufi 6f 106!f": Wm B oombaugn. Longfe ilow.&ra™
1216 iMiss Gentry.... 109 1:08 el f 96 F... Knclno stable ... Imp. Brutus-May l> •
(1208)iEnclno 1OO:1:17V 4 6f 96 F... Endno stable Imp. Brutus-May u
(18«J Morven Ill J,|l|g 6f • 128 F... White 4 Clark Imp. Cheviot-inline
120ft iKulnart......... 104 1:08V* 5% f 106 F... G. Rose ..;.... St. Cario-Queen Alta
294 Dancing Girl.... 95 .'. _.. ;." i | e «Ide stable ... St. Carlo- by Hvder All
1236 ; sea Spray —• * 109 1:14% 6t 100 F... P.si«.b«.nthaler..... Imp. Mariner-Maranette
1219 Gov. Budd ,97 1:16, 6f 98JF... Woodland stable... Fresno-Rosa q" 6 " 8
SIXTH* RACE-One mile; selling. ~~' " " " "^^ •■■..• ■ - - "T
~ '■ best j " ~ : - ~ — ~ -
Index. Name. Lbs record. j Dlat. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1065 Roadrunner..... 119 1:18*4 6 f 113 577 Antrim stable Joe Daniels-Miss Hooker
-.21} Two Cheers..... 11B l:0s% »V4 * 102 F.. Owens Bros Three Cheers-Lady Emma
Wi\ ?{! k R e nfovJ en8 " \\l 1:18 6f 112 K - a Appleby.. ....... DukeofNorfolk-EdnJT
1225 18 . m0ke "V «2 ;*\V.V L. Stephens. Imp. Silk Gown-Ordnance
124* ""▼"If — • 118 1:16% « * 111 p.. MustoA Ruye. Warwick Shasta
O2^6) Verdette.. 115 1:18 6 f no Fa. Vlcl stable..:.. .... Vici-Lucy Long
1251 Arno 112 1:021/45 f - 109 F.. Murphy & Butler.. Cyclone- •
124H Uyman......... 116 l:10Va 51.4 f 111 Fa. ! F. Alison.........'" Hlmyar-MagK*B B
Vi& My Sweetheart. 110 l:16» 6 f 107 F.. G.^ilathews........ Major Ban-Llbbertiflibbet
1213 Ida saner....... 110 1:19 61 112 H.. 0. 11 Bell ......... Joe Hooker-Addle O 1 Nell
1251 "anford. ...:... 112 1:10% 6% f 111 Fa. California .table... Imp. Kyrle Daly-VlsalU
,836. Remus 119 1:18% 6/ 105 H.. Elmwoodstckfarm imp. Brutus-LeVja
1241 i' a ,-' i'"''. 11« 1:15^» &t ■ 80 *"•" Owens Bros. Captain Al-GoldCup
.JH2Z- ! a r om " l8 a Bey " 116 1:42 , lm . 109 F.. Pleasanton stable.. Km. Norflk-MoUie McO's L
•1232 - Jerome S.-.h..; 119 -.:;.v..- ;..-;..; ...; .... p. v/eber.. " . Joe Daniels-Swe«thrtar
1287 Flashlight....... 116 1:15% 6.1 Ugjif^ Hope Qleastk torn SurinXZlur. Winston
Saratoga. From this it was inferred that
Blanther was making for the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
In that neighborhood three men from
the Sheriff's office came upon the man.
Surely it was he who caused the hue and
cry. A hasty glance at him, one sen
tence from his lips, and his description
settled all doubts. He could be none
other than Blanther. He spoke Spanish
to a Mexican, Italian perfectly to a native
of the sunny kingdom ; he carried himself
like a soldier, had a handsome, intellect
ual face, and admitted that he was an
Austrian. Even his left hand had an un
sightly scar that was covered with muslin,
By actual measurement he was 5 feet 11»^
inches in height. And he had just left
San Francisco.
Now Blanther's description told that he
spoke many languages fluently, had a
military bearing, handsome, clear-cut
features, his left hand was wounded and
he measured 5 feet 11)4 inches.
But this particular gentleman was not
Blanther after all, yet what could the
constable do under the circumstances?
The stranger in the beautiful fruit county
was Antone Jankovich, who is now em
ployed as a barber at the corner of Market
and Tenth streets.
A week ago Monday he went with some
friends in a two-horse carriage for an out
ing. The route was through San Mateo
County and Santa Clara, along the west
side to a short distance below Los Gatos.
They carried fowling pieces and were
equipped for camping out. Said he;
"In my hurry of packing and getting
ready for the trip I did not read about
Blanther; I had only heard of the mur
der incidentally. I paid no attention to
it, in fact it never crossed my mind. So
when men began to hang around our
camp and watch me in particular I did
not notice them. Last Friday night a
man who appeared to be a farmer came to
our camp.
'* 'When are you going to leave?" he
asked me.
" 'To-morrow morning early," I said.
"At 5 o'clock Saturday morning the
same man came to our camp. He asked
me when we would leave and I said about
8 o'clock. 'Weil. I'll have to go to work,'
he replied, and he went away. Just as we
started he appeared in a buggy with a
man, and there was another buegv with
two men in it behind them. I tc k my
! gun and heid it in my hand, expecting to
! get a shot at birds. We drove for ten
; miles and those men followed close be
j hind. We stopped to let them pass and
they stopped. Then I laid down my gun
and got out to walk about and rest. The
same man— the Bheriff, I think he was—
| got out of his buggy and came up to me.
" 'Can you till me where this road
goes?' he asked. I Raid, 'to San Fran
cisco.' He spoke and acted like a farmer,
but I can see now that he was a very in
telligent man, for he threw me off my
guard. So when he called me Vside to ask
some question I walked a short distance
with him. Then he questioned me.
" 'You are a stranger here?'
"'Yes.' •
" 'Came from San Francisco?'
" 'Yes.'
" 'I hare reason to think that I shall
have to detain you,' he said.
" 'Let me see your lelt hand.'
"I showed it.
" 'That settles it,' he remarked. 'I
thought so all along. Uow did you get
that cut?'
".'Cutting grass for the horses a few days
ago,' I said. And I did take a slice off my
thumb. I thought he was after me for
shooting quail, but he remarked, 'bigger
game.' Then I reasoned that I could
have shot him and his men if I were a
criminal, for I had my gun in my hand.
'If you moved,' he said, 'you would have
something in tbe face.' He told me to
look around, and there were two men with
pistols pointed at me. Then I was meas
ured, and I was exactly the same height
as Blanther. The Sheriff told me I spoke
Spanish and Italian, as Blanther did. At
last I convinced him I was not Blanther,
after two hours."
Jankovich was a lieutenant in the Ser
vian army in the war against Bulgaria in
1885. With the fall of his country went
his lortunes, and he left his home. Like
Blanther, he retains a musical Austrian
accent, a military bearing and. all the
marks of good breeding, if not, indeed, of
nobility. He was a student in the mili
tary college where Blanther was preparing
for the army, and he had a distinct re
membrance of the fate of Blanther's regi
ment.
"That was in the war of 1878," he said ,
"when Austria went to take Herzegovina
and Bosnia. The Austrians sent in a regi
ment of huzzars first, thinking there would
be no fight; but the Turks cut down great
trees in a valley, and waited till the huz
zars got into it. Then they charged down
from the mountains. That hilzzar regi
ment was almost completely annihilated.
Only its few survivors were decorated by
the Emperor. Other soldiers in that war
were not decorated, and I don't believe
that Blanther was in the Turkish war. It
is very strange if he could be one of the
few survivors of those huzzars."
ITS GATES CLOSE FOREVER
A Good-Sized Crowd Attend the
Closing Day at Bay
District
TWO COAST RECORDS BROKEN.
Thornhill Wins the Three-Mile Event.
Senator Bland First in the Fare*
well Handicap.
Adios, old Bay District. Farewell to the
scene ol many a historic equine straggle.
Au revoir to the stamping ground of the
Celestial plunger, Little Pete, and the
colored confederacy.
The track that was the scene of Katie
Pease's great conquests, of Wildidle's su
perb performance, and the renowned vic
tories of Foster and Mollie McCarthy, is
now a thing of the past. The battles of
those noble equine giants and the deeds of
the turfmen of those distant days will
forever be a bright page in the history of
the California turf, but better be forgotten
many a race of more recent period.
Ail of 3000 people turned out to do
homage to the farewell day of the old home
of the California Jockey Club. Not at all
out of the average, the racing was very
jerky. First choices found it difficult to
keep their heads abov* water, Thornhill,
victor in the three-mile race, being the
on I v one to score.
However, this by no means signifies that
the day's sport was poor. In two instances
coast records were broken — one beine of
long standing. The three-mile record
made by Norfolk in 1865 was reduced three
quarters of a second, and in the Farewell
handicap Senator Bland clipped a quarter
of a second off the mile and a quarter rec
ord, held jointly by Laura Gardner and
Semper Lex, covering the distance in 2:07
flat.
At the conclusion of the racing wonder
ing eyes feasted on a work of devastation
and ruin not unlike the awful death
dealing tornadoes or twistera of lowa.
Hardly had the winner of the last race
been led from the tract than an army of
men began battering down fences and
four-horse teams started in harrowing up
the lightning-fast track. The work of de
struction was hastened, so stated Henry
Ach, the director-general of the club, upon
intimation that the grading contractors.
Warren & Malley, who have two years in
which to fulfill* their contract, might let
the course for a bicycle race or a baseball
game, and thus "Shy lock be deprived of
his pound of flesh."
Thornhill won the three-mile selling
event. He opened at 6to 5 and receded to
12 to sin the betting. Waiting on Duchess
of Milpitas and Uncle Giles for two and a
half miles, he Bailed to the front and won
as he pleased in 5:26)-^. Uncle Giles took
second place in a drive from the Duchess.
The farewell handicap over one and a
quarter miles for a $600 purse and a silver
cup ended in a big upset. The Lone
stable's entry (Rey del" Bnndidos) and
Yankee Doodie were backed down from 13
to 5t03 to 2 and 1. Yankee Doodle
managed to finish inside the money.
Carrying 92 pounds, Senator Bland, a 10 to
1 shot, took the lead in the stretch, and at
the wire got the verdict by a head over
Nebuchadnezzar, who had cut out the
running from the jump.
Mike Donovan's Decision opened an 8 to
5 choice for the opening race at six fur
longs, but did not seem to be in much de
mand, receding to 2% to 1 around post
time. The wise coin went in on Joe Cot
ton, cutting his odds from 3% to an 11 to 5
choice. Decision ran well to the stretch,
where she "blew up." Big Chief then took
the lead and in a drive took the purse by a
head from Cotton. Coming up on the out
side, Miss Pollard secured show honors by
a narrow margin*
There was no pronounced choice in the
betting on the race following, also over six
furlongs. At the close Ber^en's mount,
O'Fleeta, at threes, had a slight call over
Coda. Getting away in tbe lead, the latter
filly led throughout and passed the wire a
length before Arno, with Marionette in the
show.
On weighing in it was found that Arno's
rider was five pounds short of weight and
he was disqualified. The horse opened
favorite at 4 to 1, receding to 8, with the
bookies looking for coin. The disquali
fication gave tbe place to Marionette and
the short end of the purse to Banjo.
Frank Phillips' fast horse Flash made
his initial appearance in California in the
five-furlong scramble with fourteen start
ers, that was third on the card, and opened
aGto 5 favorite. The stable did not fancy
him to any great extent and he receded in
the betting to 2% to 1. America, the 3to 1
second choice, captured the race very
handily at the end by two lengths, with
Pecksniff securing the place in a drive
from George Rose.
The mile and a quarter hurdle race was
a giand pyrotechnic display. Three
Forks, backed down from 10 to 4 to 1,
went out in front and got so far ahead of
his field that he won by himself, passing
the judges fifteen open lengths in front of
the patient, enduring 2 to 1 favorite, Hello.
Everybody got aboard the "warm one,"
and the race will go on record as one of
the best things that ever came off.
Shields, the "barrier champion," sat
astride the 7 to 5 favorite Hymn in the six
furlong sprint that came next. A bad leg
bothered the sprinter, and after running i
in second position to the stretch, he fin
ished last. The 30 to 1 shot Favory, who
had been pressing the favorite all the way,
won handily by two lengths from Day
light. Rincmaster Humphrey's Zobair,
the second choice, managed to finish just
outside of the money.
REOPENING AT INGLESIDE.
The New Track Will Begin Its Final
Meeting: With an Excellent
Programme.
Ingleside track will reopen to-day with
the gate — as is customary on the opening
day— being free to the ladies. With the !
termination of the present two weeks'
spell of racing San Francisco's long siege
of racing will be brought to a close. The
programme of events was arranged with a
view of giving the many poor owners an
opportunity of winning a purse. There
has been no reduction in the amount of
the purses. There is no incentive to pull [
horses. When an owner wins a race he ,
receives the amount due in full, without a j
big reduction being made for back en- j
trance money in past races. This no
doubt is one reason why the new course
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club has so
quickly risen to be the representative
California racetrack and earned such an j
enviable reputation lor clean and honest >
sport.
The programme for to-day, while not j
above mediocrity, insures some excellent j
racing. The two-year-olds will be given I
ample opportunity to display their prow
ess, two of the events being for members
of the kindergarten division.
On Decoration day the Ullman handi
cap for the jumpers over eight hurdles
will be the chief attraction. The entries
with the weights assigned are as foliows:
St. Brandon 175, Beliringer 165, Colonel
Clay 147, My Luck 145, Carmel 144, Car
acas 142, Argenta 141, San Gabriel 141, Sir !
Reel 140, Jim Norvell 140, Mestor 139, I
Arctic 139, The Lark 139, Colonel Weight- I
man 138, El Capitan 138, Janus 138, Harry |
Smith 136, Uncertainty 136, Ali Baba 136,
Tyro 13(3, Lordlikel36, The Ironmaster 135,
Silverado 135, Loughmore 135, Orrin Rogers
134, Sir Walter 134, Templemore 133, Sir
George 132, Little Mid 132, Imp. Criehton
129, W. L. Munson 128, Bedford 125.
Just before the fourth race was called at !
the Bay District track yesterday the jock- I
eys assembled in front of the judges' stand !
and presented Starter Ferguson with a j
handsome silver cup.
The judges at the old track lifted the
majority of suspensions imposed on dif
ferent riders and owners at that track. In
the list were included Jockeys Allmark,
Cochran and Burlingame and Owner A. G.
Stephenson.
SEVENTH- DAY ADVENTISTE.
A Picturesque Scene at Walnut Street
and Baena Vista Avenue.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 27.— The State
conference of the Seventh-Day Adventists
is to be held this year at the corner of
Walnut street and Buena Vista avenue,
and the citizens will be afforded the unique
spectacle of seeing at least 1500 people liv
ing in tents. The paddock in which the
tents are pitched is about three acres in
extent, belonging to Judge Waymire, and
was obtained for the Adventists through
vV. M. Rank, president of the local electric
railway. Already over 100 tents are in
position, and by the time the conference
begins on May 28 it is expected 300 will be
pitched. The speaking pavilion is 87x145,
#*c Sunday-school tent 60x80, and the res
taurant tent 55x75.
The scene is certainly very picturesque,
and for the next fortnight will be a busy
one. The president of the conference.
Elder N. P. McClure of Oakland, and
Elder W. Ings of St. Helena are already
on tbe ground, supervising and directing.
The camp superintendent, Truman
Stirling of Los Angeles, with a force of
I twenty men, attended to the erection of
the tents. The members of the churches
who attend will provide their own bed
ding, pay from |2 50 to $6 each for the use
of the tents, and are expected to eat at the
■ '■' .NEW TO-DAY.
That never grows old —
story of bargains at the Columbian Woolen Mills. Inter-
esting, fascinating antt valuable — continued from day
to day.
This week's bargains include :
All-Wool Men's Suits, round-cornered Sacks, in latest
designs and colors. Bargain price this week $6.50.
Worth $10 at any time.
• Line of light-colored Trousers, in stripes . and solid
colors, neat and durable.. Bargain price this week $1 85.
A few Overcoats, light weights and small sizes — 34,
35, 36 breast ; made to retail at $12. Bargain price this
week $5 50. You might find your size among them — if
you do, you get a fine Summer Overcoat at less than half
price.
A few light tan and brown clay worsted Overcoats in
small sizes — 34, 35, 36 breast — which we have sold regu-
larly at $15. Will go this week at $9. It's ridiculous to
do it, but we want to sell them THIS WEEK.
Keep away from the frauds who imitate our name and
methods ; our only branch in S. F. is at 2 1 i Montgomery st.
WOQI&N MlhhS
restaurant, where food will be p/ovided at
city prices. All profits accruing go to the
benefit of the conference fund, whose trus
tees own the tents and other conveniences.
Elders A. G. Breed from Minnesota, A.
T. Jones from New York, editor of the
American Sentinel, and Professor E. A.
Sutherland from Washington, in addition
to the "home" ministers, will address the
people, and as the place will be lit at night
with 100 electric lights, the whole affair
will cause quite a stir. Owing to the city's
new plant not being installed the elec
tricity will be supplied from the electric
railway's power-house, Web3tsr street. A
telephone is on the ground for the use of
the public, and a reporters' tent provided,
so that altoeether the arrangements are
elaborate and complete.
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.
TwoTonnj Women Engaged a Room at
a Hotel and Turn On the Gas.
Two young women attempted to com
mit suicide at tbe Golden State House,
corner of Fourth and Howard streets, last
night, by inhaling gas. They came to the
place early in the evening and asked for a
good front room, which was given them.
About 10 o'clock A. Dohn, the clerk, pass
ing their door, detected a strong odor of
gas. He tried to arouse them, but being
unable to get any response from the two
occupants of the room he broke open the
door. They had turned on the gasjets
after first sprinkling clove oil liberally
around the apartment, for the pnrpose,
doubtless, to conceal the presence of es
caping coal gas.
The two girls were found lying on the
bed unconscious and were removed to the
Receiving Hospital. Upon a table were
found two sealed letters, one addressed to
"Mr. Moses Morris, 411 Thirtieth street,"
and the other to "Mr. J. Hazel, 409 Thir
tieth street" The girls were well dressed
and were apparently members of respecta
ble and well-to-do" families. One had in
her pocket a bill made out to "Miss Lizzie
Sullivan," and the other a card addressed
to "Miss Edwards."
Soou after reaching the hospital they re
vived and were presently out of danger.
They are about 20 years of age.
It was learned later that they sre Mrs.
Lizzie Hamilton and Mrs. Ella Evans.
They were arrested Sunday nignt at the
saloon of T. Joost, Thirtieth street, for
disturbing the peace and with Joost were
to be tried this morning in the Police
Court. Rather than face this ordeal they
preferred suicide They first took chloro
form and then turned on the gas.
> — ♦•—»• — »
MEMORIAL DAY.
There Will Be a Frocession and Two
Very Interesting Programmes.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 27.— The local
G. A. R. posts and auxiliary societies will
observe Memorial day with a parade at 10
a. m., exercises in the soldiers' plat in
Mountain View Cemetery at 12:30 p. m.
and exercises in the First Methodist
Church at 8 p. m.
W. A. Jacobs of Admiral D. D. Porter
Post will be grand marshal of the parade;
Hon. F. V. Wood of Colonel E. D. Baker
Camp, Sons of Veterans, will make the
address at the cemetery, and H. D. Talcott
will deliver the oration at the church. A
feature of the programme at the plat will
be the unfurling of" a new flag and a salute
to it by forty school children, who are
being specially trained for it.
•—• — « — •
The oldest armchair in the world is the
throne once used by Queen Hatafu, who
flourished in Egypt 1600 b. a It is made
of -ebony, beautifully carved, and is so
hardened with age as to appear to be made
of black marble.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed May 27-Stmr Penn
sylvania, from Antwerp for Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 27— Stmr Waes
land. from Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared May 27-Stmr Illi
nois, for Antwerp.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER-Passed up
May 27— Simr Switzerland, from Antwerp for
Philadelphia.
56
_t«n wt*_.lTfi_ wwv
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
.' Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall .... 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
(Sunday Call, one year.by mall.. 1-60
W kiiklv Call, one year, by mall >• 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
to. It is no trouble lor us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.'
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE :
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone... ...•.Main— lßW
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
SSS Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Ijtrkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
•mil 9 o'clock. .... . .
2618 Mission st rep t; open until 9 o'clock.
US Kintn street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
em Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOL.TZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY MAY 23, 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
This is the kind of weather that puts
tne sugar in the fruit.
It is to be a campaign of industry and
workingmen will be at tbe front.
The only dash Democracy can kick up
this year is the dashboard of its own dump
cart." [
We can now sympathize with the people
in the torrid East, \jhere they have an ice
trust.
Cleveland's foreign policy never man
ages to go any further than is necessary to
get itself at sea.
There are many great issues before the
Senators, but they prefer to talk about the
filled-cheese bill.
When the Czar crowned himself he no
doubt indulged the belief that he had
capped the climax.
The condition of local Democracy shows
that the absence of a leader is the oppor
tunity of the bosfees.
About all that can be done by the Chi
cago convention is to ratify the split in the
party and then scatter.
The tin-pail brigade of stalwart work
men will be on the Republican side this
year in every section of the country. .
According to Jules Simon tne time ha 9
come when the world must expect not
only the unexpected but the impossible.
Let us hope the Czar will be satisfied
with the coronation he has had and not
try hereafter to crown himself with glory.
Aa the Czar's proclamation ignored the
Jewish question he may be said to hare
■traddled the biggest issue in bis domin
ions.
Since the choice of leadership is to be
limited to Buckley or Daggett the Demo
crat is wise who prefers to take to the
woods.
It is worth noting how easy it was to
find a means of abating the transfer nui
sance as soon as we went about it in the
right way.
Every traveler who comes from a free
eilver country reports that it is prosperous;
but there is no prosperity in any gold
country except England.
One advantage of woman in politics
would be that as a candidate she could
Btraddleany plank in the platform without
being conspicuous about it.
If Daggett and the goldbugs capture the
Democratic State Convention they can put
the party in a carpet-bag and carry it
East. It won't be any too big.
If the gold men of the East are willing
to pay anything at all for California De
mocracy they should be allowed to have it.
There is no demand for it in the home
market.
The cyclones have swept this season the
whole region of country from Texas to
Michigan, and no section seems safe from
their ravages except that on this side of the
Rockies.
The defeat of the Santa Monica job and
the shelving of the refunding scheme
show that the hand of Huntington in Con
gress has lost either its strength or its
cunning.
The efforts now being made to provide
for a better system of food inspection in
this City deserve the general support of
the people. Pure climate is of little avail
without pure food.
In the debate in the Senate on tbt mo
tion to increase the tax on beer Senator
Dubois said beer is sold at two glasses for
5 cents, but, unfortunately, for the gen
eral public, he did not say where.
General Coxey says he will ask nothing
of the Populist National Convention ex
cept the indorsement of his principles, but
when you come to think about it you will
■cc there is a good deal of gall even in that.
The New York ordinance against rapid
bicycle riding was rigidly enforced and
man after man was fined from $10 to $25
until recently, when the police arrested a
handsome young woman for the offense
and then justice struck a snag. The speedy
maiden was let off with a reprimand, and
now all the boys are howling.
An observant reader of New York news
papers calls attention to the fact that
Lillian Russell received a bigger write-up
when she was thrown from a bicycle than
the Duchess of Marlborough did on her
presentation at court and now the philoso
phers of journalism are trying to explain
the deep significance of the thing.
In a recent interview published In the
London Clmnide, Joseph Pulitzer of the
New York World says the secret of success
in journalism is to ignore money-making
and "strike every day a blow for the right,
the true and the honest." If the World
has not always lived up to this policy it is
none the less the true one, as The Call
can attest from its own experience in fight
ing lotteries, frauds and fakes, and stand
ing up for the public welfare.
DEMOCRACY AND GOLD.
The efforts of the administration to cap
ture the Democratic party for the gold
bugs are becoming more strenuous and
unscrupulous as the chances of success
become more desperate. Every Federal
oilicc-holder who possesses any organizing
ability is in the field actively at woric to
carry out the Cleveland programme. From
Cabinet officers like Carlisle and Hoke
Smith down to subordinates in local offices,
ah are forced to get in and work for the
goldbng scheme. I! the Chicago conven
tion does not indorse Clevelandism and
declare for the gold standard it Will
be from no lack of energy or cunning on
the part of the push and the pull of the
administration.
■ Never has the power and the influence
of the Presidential ollice been used more
openly and more shamelessly to control
State conventions than in this instance.
No Federal office-holder who works for the
gold combine is in any danger of being
rebuked by the administration for "of
fensive partisanship,' 1 no matter how
intense his partisanship may be or how
offensive it shows itself (o the public gen
erally. By the efforts of these ollkials
the Democracy of Michigan was bullied or
cajoled into adopting a gold standard
plank in its platform, despite the fact that
most of the party in the State is opposed
to it, and now there is abundant evidence
that similar tactics are to be adopted in
this State and tbe Democrats of California
are to be made to line up at Sacramento
as supporters of Cleveland and Wall street.
It has been noted in the East that the
administration has not been left to fight
this battle alone. Ever since Whitney's
recent visit to Washington the vigor of the
sold forces in the ranks of the party has
been observed by close students,of political
affairs. It seems certain that whether
Whitney is to be a candidate for the Presi
dency or not, he and his millionaire
friends of New York: are active in the
work of preparing for the National Con
vention. They are fighting for gold money,
and undoubtedly they are righting with
money. Their power added to that of the
administration is sutticient to make the
result of the conflict doubtful, and this
fact gives to the Chicago convention about
the only interest that attaches to it.
ft will matter little to the country which
side wins at Chicago, for the nominee of
that convention will have no chance of
success before the people. The manner in
which the contest is being waged by the
administration, however, does matter a
good deal. Cleveland has been discredited
as a leader, and is now playing on a large
scale the game of a boss. This adds an
other to the long list of his political
offenses, and if the Chicago convention
surrenders to it there is a strong probabil
ity not only of a split but a practical dis
banding of the party as a National organi
zation.
THERE WILL BE NO SPLIT.
The leaders of the Democratic party are
trying very hard to divert public attention
from the dissensions in their ranks by
scattering it broadcast that a splitting up
of the Republican party will follow the
action of the St. Louis convention, no
matter what kind of a platform is adopted,
but it will avail them nothing. And we
venture the suggestion that when a po
litical organization is in so much of a
tangle that it resorts to hypocrisy, deceit
and subterfuge to call attention away from
its Kilkenny performances, it is safe to
predict that its dissolution is inevitable,
for it is the law of compensation that
iniquity shall be hoist by Us own petard,
Ther» are dissensions in the Republican
party, as there should be. The Republican
party as a whole stands tbe protector and
defender of the ethical and commercial
agencies of the country's progress, and
since its influence reaches to every neigh
borhood in the land, it is to be expected
that there would be clamoring here ana
clamoring there for protection and en
couragement without much reference to
the needs of one another. It is this that
creates enthusiasm and causes party alle
giance, which culminates in willing ac
quiescence in compromises, and gives to
each interest to the point where more
would be an infringement upon the rights
of the other. Hence, out of dissensions
there come 9 acquaintance with the needs
of the several communities, and also in
clination to harmonize differences upon
tbe basis of the greatest possible good to
all. It is this that makes the Republican
party a National party in contradistiction
to the Democratic party, which is thor
oughly sectional.
There could not, therefore, be a "split"
in the St. Louis or in any other Repub
lican convention without the party tlrst
sacrificing its function of universality or
representative of the individual and collect
ive interests of all the people, and were it
to do that it would no longer be tbe Re
publican party. No doubt there will be
extremists in the St. Louis convention,
but their ultra-radicalism will serve to'
make the conservative element all the
more alert in watchfulness of the general
good of the country, and out of the agita
tion will come a far better knowledge of
the actual needs of the several sections of
the country, which will be useful in fram
ing a platform, for the platform must bind
the party to advance the material inter
ests of every community up to where fur
ther advantage would be encroachment
upon the rights of others.
The Kepublican party is a party of com
promise#as between the demands of tbe
various interests that require Government
protection and encouragement, but a party
of no compromise as between the business
interests of the people of the United
States and foreign nations and peoples
who seek to make this country subservient
to them. The mission of the Republican
party is to create first and then enlarge
and strengthen the opportunity of the
people of the United States to acquire
homes under the easiest and most favor
able circumstances possible, and to build
up about them such defenses as shall
secure them against hostile invasion.
Hence the Republican party could not
"split" until it had renounced its alle
giance to those principles which stand for
a government that is of the people, by the
people and for the people.
A DISAPPOINTING CZAR.
The manifesto of the new Czar of Rus
sia is disappointing. Jt reflects very much
more of the sixteenth than of the nine
teenth century. So far as political prison
ers are concerned the edict merely adjusts
their sentences to another basis of punish
ment, which is not particularly advan
tageous to the condemned, while the con
ditions imposed upon otber prisoners and
conspirators amount to little less than the
continuation of things as they were. Re
mitting arrears of taxation in some in
stances and the reduction of them in
others is to be commended; but it may be
regarded as a compulsory step by the Em
peror because of the poverty of the people.
But the most conspicuous and inexcus
able exhibition of prolonged hatred is the
absence of the slightest intimation in the
manifesto of a disposition on the part of
the Czar to accord common justice to and
reasonable treatment of the Jews. Never
before In the History of the BomanoS fam
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
ily did such an opportunity present itself
to show that Russia was growing in the
direction of right and justice, but the
young Emperor, too, falls to see that a
Jew has any rights that the Government
of Russia is bound to respect It is to be
lamented that Nicholas could not bring
himself in touch with loftier and truer
principles of government than his father
entertained, but he has not, and he will
feel tbe consequences of his blindness and
lieartlessness in the affairs of his empire.
His people cannot acquire the elements of
true manhood while wearing the yoke of
the Government's prejudice, and it must
follow by the very nature of things that
progress in Russia will continue at snail
pace. Nicholas had the opportunity to
crown himself with the glory of human
kindness, as taught by the church of
which he is the supreme earthly head, but
he preferred the crown of persecution.
GOING FEOM BAD TO WORSE.
Things are going from bad to worse with
tbe Democracy. It has been known for
some time that a large number of manu
facturers, who have hitherto voted the
Democratic ticket, are displeased with the
working of the Wilson-Gorman tariff act,
and that most likely they would ask their
party to call a halt on the "tariff for reve
nue" doctrine and go before the country
with a. declaration for "tariff protection"
up to a given point. The Democrats of
New Hampshire are the first to break
away from the tariff policy of Cleveland,
but they hold on to the organization.
In convention the other day the party
of that State declared for "such incidental
protection as will meet the requirements
of American labor and capital." As i*
generally understood that is exactly tne
kind of protection the Republican party
has been battling for all its life. It is
American labor and American capital
that the Republican party has been light
ing to protect for thirty-five years.
There is nothing significant in the dec
laration of the New Hampshire Democ
racy except as it fnrnishes additional
evidence that the Democratic party is
going to pieces on the tariff question.
Where there has nut been outright deser
tion, warning has been given that Demo
crats interested in manufacturing enter
prises will not vote the Chicago ticket
unless the platform declares for a nigh
enough tariff to protect their business
against hurtful European competition.
Cleveland has been banking 011 iiis
"sound money" doctrine to hold the East
in line so that the Chicago convention
would at least indorse his effort to fasten
"tariff for revenue only" upon the conn
try, but if Eastern Democrats are dis
pleased with his tariff policy, as they seem
to be. and the West is under the influence
of Boies and Bland, who are hostile to
him on the money question, it would seem
that the party wonld have to split up at
Chicago, the Eastern wing going to the
Republican party and the Western to
Boies and eternal annihilation.
FOOD SUPPLIES.
From every direction should strength
come to the Board of Health in its effort
fora thorough inspection of food supplies.
More than anything does impure food in
vite disease germs, and since there always
are men depraved enough in moral sen«e
to deal in articles of food that ara wholly
unlit lor use, it is the duty of every good
citizen to aid to the uttermost of his abil
ity to close up all avenues through which
unhealthy and disease-bearing eatables
are enabled to reach consumers.
Tbe importance of San Francisco taking
hold of this matter at once and with de
termination is apparent, but it is further
emphasized by tee active interest which
the commercial and industrial associa
tions are taking in the question. And not
only they but very many of the best citi
zens are up in amis against the introduc
tion and offering for sale food that not
only carries danger to the consumer of it
but involves the health of the whole com
munity. Nor should the question of the
expense of providing for thorough food
inspection deter any one from entering
heartily into the enactment of l:tws for
the consummation of that purpose, for,
aside from the humanitarian aspects of
tbe proposition, the expense which im
pure food fastens upon a community is a
vast deal greater than would be the cost of
a corps of efficient inspectors.
There is no room for doubt that vege
tables and other food articles are on Bale*
every hour in the day which should be
consigned to the garbage barrel, bnt they
will continue to be kept on sale, and pur
chasers for them will continue to be found,
until public condemnation of it all finds
expression in prohibitory laws that pro
hibit.
KENNEDY SCHOOL.
The proposal of the Board of Education
to give to the school in which the late
James G. Kennedy did his chief work as
an educator in this City the name of the
Kennedy School will be generally ap
proved. Mr. Kennedy was no ordinary
man. He was a pioneer in the
work of public instruction, and was
ever alert to develop it more and
more in new fields of usefulness, lie was
one of the first to introduce manual train
ing and industrial education as a part of
our system of public instruction. It was
in the school to which it is proposed to
give his name that he carried out his ideas
in this regard and demonstrated the value
of such training.
This of course was but a part of the im
portant service he rendered to the City as
an educator, but it serves as an illustra
tion of the originality of his character and
the progressive tendency of bis mind. His
influence will long be felt in the City, and
it is right that his name also should be
perpetuated as is proposed in the Ken
nedy School.
SMALL SMILES.
"Marie, IJ thought your phrsician told yon
that you were not strong enough to ride a
wheel ?"
"Yes, but then I went to another doctor."—
Chicago Record.
Tourist— But these sandwiches are disgrace
fully small.
Restaurateur— May be, but then the train
stops here only one minute.— Feligende Blaet
ter.
"Well," said the dentist who had just moved
la, "the next thing to do will be to have this
'bakery' sign that Doughboy left painted out."
"Just paint out the first letter." suggested
his student.— lndianapolis Journal.
Wallace— Speaking of the Roentgen rays, I
saw astory the other day to the effect that an
application of them had made a baby's hair
fallout.
Ferry— Which leads me to believe that they
exist in the footlights. Wouldn't that account
for the baldness of the front row?— Cincinnati
Enquirer.
"Fly with me," he pleaded.
"I cannot," she answered.
"Then I was mistaken," he bitterly ex
claimed. "You are not, after all, a bird."
Accordingly they were married under the
regular high church form.— Detroit Tribune.
Fliplcy— l'm going to have a high old time
this summer.
Small— Ah !
Kllpley— You bet! I'm going to the moun
tains,—Philadelphia NoxtU American. •-
MUSIC &
MUSICIANS
It was Philadelphia's meddling in the first
instance that brought Abbey, Schoeffel and
Grau into financial straits. A coterie of Phila
delphia people admired Melba, and early in
the season offered her a ridiculously fancy
price to leave the Metropolitan troupe and
warble tor theQnakerCity. Melba, wholikeali
the rest of her kind was "on the dead make,"
knew perhaps better than to take this glitter
ing bait quite seriously. She carried the offer
to Abbey and requested him to go one better
than Philadelphia. In an unwise moment
the impresario consented. Then Calve, who is
as rapacious as a harpy, burst into a storm of
indignation and wanted more of "de moneys,"
and Calves price went up beyond her value.
Both these artists demanded absolutely fabu
lous prices to sign for next season, and a num
ber of other stars in the troupe took advantage
of Melba'.s and Calves promotion to demand &
raise of wages.
If opera is to be possible in America the pub
lic should aid impresarios in resisting the ra
pacious greed of foreign singers. If Melba, for
instance, demands prices that spell ruin to the
management, the public should aid the im
presarios in conducting the season without
Melba. A little of this sort of treatment would
bring singers to reason. Melba, Calve, the De
Reszkee and all the rest of the crew would be
laughed at and sent to the right about if they
demanded American prices in Europe, and
there is absolutely nothing in a visit to
America to warrant a strike for double and
treble a European salary. Foreign artists are
treated all too well here and they do not meet
with any particular dangers or discomforts to
warrant them in demanding compensation
rates. Once convince them that they need not
expect to make a fortune in a season out of the
credulity of Americans and they will cease
trying to swindle the puDlic and their impre
sarios. The ii.-xt time Philadelphia wants
Melba it is to be hoped Abbey will let Phila
delphia have her.
The new Minister of Fine Arts (Ministre dcs
Beaux Arts), M. Rambaud, has not lost any
time in appointing a successor to Ambroise
Thomas as director of the Paris Conservatory.
First he sent for Massenet and asked him if he
approved of some changes which the new Min
istry proposes making in the management of
the conservatory. "For my part I see no ob
jection," Hplied Massenet. 'Then we may
consider you as accepting the position of Am
bruise Thomas' successor," said the Minister.
"That is a great honor," replied Massenet,
diplomatically, "but, Mr. Minister, I am not
alone in ihe world; permit me to consult a few
of my friends. I ask twenty-four hours for re
flection." M. Ronjon, the Director of Five
Arts, who was present at the interview, here
interrupted by exclaiming: 'No, no, Minister,
do not let him go without giving you his for
mal acceptance."
"I only want to consult a few people; it is
simply to get encouragement from them," and
Massenet tranquilly departed, enchanted with
the cordial reception ne had met with. The
day following he had decided not to sacrifice
his "independence and liberty" and commu
nicated liia decision to M. Uambaud, at the
same time thanking him for the proffered
honor. The Minister replied that officially he
regretted the decision that Massenet had
taken, but as a lover of music he congratulated
himself, "because the composer of 'Manon*
and the 'Cid' will still have time to write new
masterpieces."
Massenet, having declined the directorship
of the conservatory, the Minister of Fine Arts
offered the position to Theodore Dubois, who
at once accepted it. The appointment is one
that has given satisfaction to all. Dubois is
a highly esteemed composer, and individually
he occupies a high position among French
musiciaus. He is a fine organist and composer
for the organ, and his first opera was produced
a few months ago in Paris with enough success
to encourage him to begin work on another.
A rather unusual incident happened the
other day at the Monnaie Theater, Brussels,
during a performance of "Tannhanser." The
well-known tenor Van Dyke was aeriously in
disposed, but he had been prevailed upon to
try to sing. In the course of the first act, how
ever, his sufferings became too much for him,
and, brusquely stopping in the middle of a
phrase, he cried out, "I can goon no longer,"
and rushed into the wings, leaving Venus very
much embarrassed by his flight, which was
more rapid even than Wagner had intended.
A pause of half an hour followed during which
the audience supplicated to have the money
given back at the door. At last, however, Van
Dyke announced his ability to try again, and
the opera was brought to an end with the as
sistance of numerous cuts. The public warmly
applauded Van Dyke for triumphing over his
indisposition.
The Emperor Francis Joseph has conferred
tbe decoration of arts and sciences on Jo
hannes Brah ins. It is the highest recompense
Mme. .Melba, the Prlma Donna Whoso High Salary Contributed lo Sc' O^f*
for distinction in art or science at the disposi"
tion of the Emperor of Austria and it is very
mrely accorded to any one. Brahms is the
first musician who has ever obtained it. Times
have greatly changed. Beethoven, who had
numerous relations with the court, and was
the personal friend of the Archduke RudolDh,
was never decorated by the Emperor of Aus
tria. As for Schubert, considered during his
lifetime as the Sohaunard of music, the idea
of asking a decoration for him never even sug
gested itself to his admirers. Musicians who
have not some official position as Kapellmeis
ter at court rarely get any sort of Austrian
decoration. Brahms, who has inhabited Vien
na for thirty years, and who has been univer
sally known for a quarter of a century, has
only just obtained this high distinction; Gold
mark and Bruell, who for the last twenty years
have been producing successful operas in Ger
many and Austria, and have published many
other interesting compositions, are not deco
rated at all. Antolne Bruckner has obtained,
at the age of UO, an insignificant decoration as
professor of music at the University of Vienna.
At the Daly Theater, in London, a new Japa
nese operettu entitled "Geisha" has just been
produced with enormous success. The story
is woven round the adventures of an English
lady of high family, who is globe trotting, and
falls, with all the friends who accompany
her, into the hands of the manager of a Japa
nese teahouse, where there are five or six
Ceishas, or singing girl?. The English girl is
engaged to an officer in the navy, who has
neglected her to fall in love with a Geißha, and
she disguises herself as a singing girl to keep
an eye on her fiance. A number of comical
adventures arise from this situation, but in
the end everything comes out happily for the
globe trotters. The words of "The Geisha" are
by Owen Hall and Harry Greenbank, and the
music is by Sidney Jones. Several of the num
bers are nightly encored again and again, par
ticularly the ballad of "The Loving lied Fish."
' The staging is said to be magnificent, particu
larly the scene of the chrysanthemum feast.
The trial for perjury against Carl Zeller, the
well-known composer, has taken an unfortu
nate turn. The tribunal of Vienna has or
dered him to be accused and given a public
audience before the Court of Assizes to-day
and to-morrow. Zeller, however, is still so
seriously ill that there is little hope of his
being able to appear in court. The affair has
produced a great sensation in Vienna, both in
musical ana official circles, for tbe unfortunate
composer is councilor to the Minister of Pub
lic Instruction of Austria. It is the Public
Prosecutor who accuses Zeller of perjury re
garding a will, under which he inherited a
sum of money that was not very considerable.
Many people believe in his innocence, and
there is a strong feeling in favor of deferring
the trial till his health is re-established.
The opera "Helle," which was being per
formed at the Paris Grand Opera-house the
other day when the chandelier fell with such
disastrous effects, is a new work by Alphonse
Duvernoy, written on a libretto by Camille de
Leole and Charles A'uitter. It had received a
most expensive 'mounting, both with regard
to costumed and scenery, and had made a
marked hit with the public. Helle is supposed
to be a ibeauiiful priestess of Diana, who
charms Ganthin, Duke of Athens. Midi. Rose
Caron created the title-role, and her work in
the part has added considerably to her repu
tation.
Jean de fteszke is singing in London for Sir
Augustus Harris, Mile. Calve goes to Paris for
a few performances at the Opera Comique and
Mme. Melba will also give some representations
of Christine Xilsson's old part of Ophelia in
"Hamlet" at the Graud Opera-house. Plancon
is '"available."
Owing to a serious attack of rheumatism,
Moritz Kosenthal has been compelled to aban
don a series of historical pianoforte recitals,
which he was to have given in London this
season. He is engaged for an American tour
next autumn, and it is stated that a large
amount is guaranteed him beforehand.
Special performances of "Don Giovanni" are
to be given at Munich during the tourist sea
son. There ■will be a new revolving stage,
which will enable the scene to be changed
within half a minute. These performances
will not interfere with the projected cycle of
Wagner music dramas.
The popular theater at Berlin, for many years
known as Kroll's, has been secured by the in
tendent of the Hoftheater, and operatic per
formances will be eiven there during the
period when the court theater is closed.
The Italian papers announce that Marie Van
Zandt. the charming American singer, who
created "Lakme" at the Opera Comique, has
been engaged by Sonzogno, for an autumn sea
son of opera, at the Lyric Theater at Milan.
PERSONAL.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Raphail of London are In the
City.
Superior Judee John K. Finn Is registered at
the Palace.
J. R. Dunlop, a druggist of Amador County,
is at the Ramona.
Arthur E. Brook and Frank Smith of London
are at the Occidental.
Miles Wallace of Madera arrived here yester
day and is at the Lick.
Sol Runyan, the extensive fruit grower of
Courtland, is at the Grand.
Among the recent arrivals here Is Dr. H. L.
Wagner of Washington, D. C.
United States Judge Erakin M. Ross arrived
here yesterday, and is at the Palace.
Joseph D. Lynch of Los Angeles.who was long
the proprietor of the Herald, is in town.
Alexander Flinseh of Berlin and Arthur H.
Schomburglc of Leipsic are at the Palace.
Mrs. Clcmenshire of Alaska was among the
arrivals here yesterday. She is at the Occiden
tal.
C. K. Dam, the rich grain grower of Wheat
land, is among the arrivals here and is at the
Russ.
Joseph Craig, proprietor of the Highland
Springs and hotel, in Lake County, arrived here
yesterday on a business trip.
O. F. Paxton, tbe new political boss of Port
land, arrived here yesterday. He has been on
a visit to Southern California.
William Currier, an extensive merchant of
Portland, who has been engaged iv business
there for many years, Is In the City.
Frank Bartlett of Livermore, who has had
contracts on the Southern Pacific line in San
Luis Obispoand Santa Barbara counties, Is at
the Grand.
George Lycurgus has returned from Sparta,
Athens and other cities of Greece, where he has
been for several months. At Sparta he attend
ed the celebrated Olympian games.
J. Stuart Yates, a barrister of Victoria, B. C,
is at the Ramona, accompanied by Mrs. Yates.
The lady is not in good health, and they have
come to California on that account.
Dr. J. H. Games of the United States navy,
who has spent several years with the Asiatic
squadron, is at the Grand. He has been ill
since March aud consequently has been off
duty.
The declination by Samuel M. Shortridge of
a position iv the School Board is a distinct loss
to the City. Mr. Shortridge 19 a young, ener
getic, brilliant man, who carries into his en
deavors the enthusiasm of a healthy and well
balanced mind. His experience in pedagogy
and his knowledge of public affairs would
have made him a valuable acquisition to the
Board, and it is a matter of regret that he
could not accept the position offered him.—
San Francisco Evening Post.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 27.— At the Impe
rial, J. Sheridan; Sturtev ant, G. Radston, K.
W. ilolnies; St. Denis, H. T. Raymond. Sailed
per steamship Furst Bismarck for Plymouth,
Cherbourg and Hamburg, Mrs. Charles E.
Hausen, Master Robert Hausen, Master Hans
Hausen, Mrs. Joseph, Miss H. Joseph, Miss A.
Joseph, S. Joseph, William Offerman, Mrs.
Emma Steffen.
LADY'S WAIST WITH ROUND YOKE
And Fitted Lining That May Be Omitted.
A charming; design for wash dresses is shown
here. The waist has a fitted lining, but many
of the dresses seen are made without the
lining.
For midsummer wear a white diminity
d'espit, the lining of yoke being cut away under
it. The same style of waist is seen made of
silk or of wool fabrics, without the ruffle at the
elbow, a fitted sleeve which reaches to the
wrist replacing it.
A yoke and fitted sleeves of embroidered
batiste over violet silk made a striking con
trast in a gown of dark bine canvas.
A dress of blue and white challis had a yoke
of creamy lace over white silk. A white satin
belt was worn with this. A dreffi of organdie
had the yoke of black mousseline de sole, with
leaves of white lace braid sewn on it. A black
satin belt wan worn with this.
A waist of Dresden silk designed for evening
wear had a yoke frill of pink chiffon matching
the flounce in the design.
A brown mohair dress had a yoke of pink
pear de sole, over which brown Astrachan braid
was sewn endwise so it stood erect, outlining
the round shape of yoke and continuing in
rows at intervals of a quarter inch to the col
lar, whioh was also of satin and braid. The
fitted lower sleeves were of satin with tbe
braid sewn on around the sleeve from waist to
puff.
The waist pattern is cut for 30 to 44 inches
bust measure and includes the fitted lower
sleeve. A medium size requires four yards of
30-inch goods.
A BACHELOR'S TOAST.
How, now, a toast ?— from bachelor lips,
To please the bride who sweetly slips
The Kolden Hymen kiss upon
Her tingling tinge r? Be it so.
May garland words all sraoonly flow
To weave a blessing of to use
To crown her with, for lo! tis won
This lovesome day. Theu in a glass
Of clearest water, bright and pure,
I'll pledge her happiness, nor pass
The words In wine, for springs endure
When grapes are dry of joy. I toait
Whatever joy to innermost
Within her heart— the joy that she
In secret keeps full sacredly
For husband's eyes. And may Us shrine
Be petal-hid by blooms of love
' That thrive a-near a heart and twine
Like gentlest arms, around, above;
And all about. And always may
The melody that throbs to-day—'
The beart-du«t that, blended fair".
Goes forth, oae song, upon the sir—
Ring crystal clear: and be it told
Till all tbe sands of time are old !
Oh. altar stars celestial ! bless
The righteousness and the wbolesomeness
Of wrdlocked pairs! Make joy divine
Within their souls, as once in mine
I thought to have— for lo! 'tis good
To save a man from bachelorhood.
V —Vanity.'
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
A South Paris (Me.) solid man— 4oo pounds
in his stocking feet— tried to get excused from
jury duty on account of his size. But the
Judge ordered him an extra broad chair and
told him to sit; and he sat.
The cheekiest specimen of plagiarism yet is
that of the Brown University student who
cribbed an article written by the president of
the university, signing his own name to it
He is rusticating at present.
The diamond tiara which had been worn by
at least two Duchesses of Manchester was sold
the other day by order of the trustees of the
seventh Dute, and brought $5450. A row of
pearls, gome four or five dozen in number, went
for $8000.
Whitelaw Reid, in . a letter to a "reform
spelling" advocate, says of the duty of the State'
Board of Regents: "We at least should avoid
the barbarous business of vivisection on our
noble 7 living 1 English. ■ Such changes us are
needful should, so. far as we are ;, concerned,
come, as In nature, slowly, and not artificially,
Mia — order of. growth."
LEGITIMATE JOURNALISM.
New York 3Tewspap?r Maker.
The Newspaper Maker is in entire a»
cord with the San Franc sco Call's view
that a newspaper should sill news and noi
books, bicycles or babj-carriages. II
should aim to give its readers the value oi
their money in fullness oi its reports oJ
trade, politics, society and ell the abound
ing activities of life. If it cannot giv«
news enough to justify the aiarge it makes
It should cease to call itself a newspapei
and solicit subscriptions only for its cou
pons and their chances.
The subject, however, has another aspect
that is too often overlooked The press
stands in almost a confidcntUl relation to
business. The newspaper and the mer
chant are allies. They are of mutual
helpfulness when each is conducted in
legitimate channels. When the news
paper, however, combines its press with a
junkshop and proceeds to issue coupons
by whicn people can get a cheap sort of
books, bicycles or baby carriages at prices
far below what jjood articles can be sold
for by men who have a reputation as hon
est merchants to maintain, then the press,
instead of being the ally, becomes the foe
of the merchant.
Instead of building up trade it tends to de
moralize it, and not infrequently seriously
injures business by introducing into a
community an overstock of cheap articles
of one kind or another that prevents the
vales of the merchant.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
Senator Hill and ex-Governor Campbell an
nounce that they will continue In the Demo
cratic business at the old stand, no matter
what may happen at Chicago.— Washington
Post.
It is generally believed that by packing his
boom away carefully in camphor and moth
balls Tom Reed can have it in fine condition
tor wear during the summer of 1900.— Chicago
Record.
If Brother Hanna would say a few words re
garding what he thinks about the money ques
tion the country would experience as much
relief as If McKinley himself had spoken.—
Troy Press.
We haven't had a President of the United
States without a beard or mustache since the
days of Andrew Johnson. The question is, Is
the time of the smooth-shaven President back
upon us again?— Omaha Bee.
It is no secret that Mr. Quay is being talked
of for the Vice- Presidency. The McKinley
managers are said to be willing to enter into
such an agreement should their man be nomi
nated for President.- Dcs Moines Register.
One by one leadiug Republicans are begin
uing to find out that by giving aid and coun
tenance to the attacks upon McKinley they sre
only playing into the hands of the enemy. It
is a great pity this fact had not dawned upou
them before.— llaverhill Gazette.
The nearer we get to the Republican Con
vention the more prominent, the more insist
ent, the more unescapable does the sound
money issue become. It must be met. and the
candidate should be a man who will meet it
squarely and candidly.— Baltimore American.
Well, Uncle Hod Boies of lowa has got hit
silver rattle. I' sounds well and no doubt It is
pretty; but is isn't solid. It isn't worth much,
but may do very well, "not so much on ac
count of the intrinsic value of the gift as on
account of the spirit in which it is made," as
the orator says when he makes the presenta
tion speech and awards the cyclopedia to the
winner of the spelling match.— New York Sun.
California glace fruits, sOc lb. Townsend's.*
•—• — ♦ — •
Lemon cocoanut taffy 25c lb. Townsend's. •
Special information dttily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presj
Clipping Bureau (Allen's;. 510 Montgomery. •
Sausauto Ferry connects with trains paw
ing through the most beautiful part of Cali
fornia, with rough mountains, green hills
seamed with' wooded canyons and rippling
streams. The paradise for camping or a day's
outing. No boisterous Sunday picnic crowd*
to mar the pleasure of families and private
parties. •
It was the Queen's grandiather, George 111,
who presented the gold chain and medal of
office which belong to the president of the
Royal Academy of the time. These are only
worn Dy the president when he is in full offi
cial dress. Sir John Millais, Sir Frederick
Leighton's successor, received at Windsor Cas
tle at the Queen's own hands the handsome
badges of his office.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via l nioii Pacific.
civtv 3 Vs DAYS TO CHICAGO— 3>/4
U*L,\ 4 y t DAYS TO NEW YORK— IU,
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco lo Chicago, daily vithoui
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily witiiout change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to Su Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
• O 9
Stanford Kxcunlon.
Join our Stanford Excursion, which leaves San
Francisco at 7 r, m. Thursday, the 28th last., via
Northern Pacific ftailroad. Special cars, stopping
at the Yellowstone Park. T. K. Stateler. General
Agent, 638 Market street, can Francisco.
* mm — ■»
Essence of Ginger don t cure coughs and build
you up like Parker's Ginger Tonic.
I 1I 1 akkkr's Haib Balsam cleanses the scalp.
» » »
liAnrES never have any dyspepsia after a wine
glass of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters.
.: •• — — •
Twenty million dollars was left behind htm
by the Shah, who had grown avaricious of late
years.
NEW TO-DAY.
otLLrs
JL uflllni If are
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Cups, Saucers and Plates, decorated, Ilia
each.
Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— 20c, *
25c each.
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c,
50c. . . .
Table Tumblers, per set, 20c, 23c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set, complete, 60 pieces
$4 65 and $5 25. , '
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
! Richly Decorated Thin China Dinner Set
of 100 pieces, 13. ,
AT
Great Americanlmportina Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES*.
1344 £1? r *5 et *2 M 6 Ninth «t.
2510 Mission st. ,8 Third at.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore tU
617 Kcarny st. 965 Market St.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth St.
sai Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st . 3359 Mission st.
r 5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye. 017 Broadway, Oakland
135s Park at., Alameda.
r'The Best in the World"
Is not too much to say of th» Hkb-
crri.ES Gas and aso link Enbinks.
We keep up with the latest Improve-
ments and - are ahead of all competi- /.
tors. Send for Catalogue and Price .List
American Type Founders' Co.
*05-*)7 Sausome Street. -
*>•;■: ■ Baa Francisco, Cal,rm-RSPAY... MAY 28, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Bald-win Thsatkb.— " The Countess Gucki."
Coi-cmiiia TiKATER— "Miss Harum Scarum.'
, Mobosco's O'kra-Housk— "Metamora."
"- ivoi.i O p a-Housk.— "Uncle Tom ■ Cabin.'
OKrHKDV— EIgh-Class Vaudeville.
Thk Emporium.— Concert to-night by the Em-
porium Orchestra. • .
Golden Gaik Hali»— Grand Concert this even
ing.; . •
People's P/.I.ACE Thiatbb- Corner Mason and
Eddy streets- Physical Culture Contest this even-
In;:.
Ma*30 BAL Park.— Bicycle Races, Saturday,
fcCTBo Cojtet Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
. Bhoot thk Chctes— Dally at Halght- street, one
block east of the Park.
i*ci*icCoA»T Jockey Club.— Races' to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! Fob thk Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary Kxcurston and Family Picnic
of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will In-
field on Thursday. May 28. at Glenwood Pare
AUCTION SALES.
By P. T. KmcLBB-This day, (Thursday), Rare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Kearny street, at S?.k.
By S. Basch— This day (Thursday), Furniture,
etc, at Sl9-321 Sutter street, at 10:30 o'clock. V
By L. Vincent— This day (Thursday), Furni-
ture, at 835 Ellis street, at a o'clock.
By M.J. Simmons Auction Co.--Thls day (Thurs
day), Hardware, etc., at 106 Turk St., at 10 o'clock
By Allen Cowan— day (Thursday), Fur-
niture, at 230 Suttor street, at 11 o'clock.
By M. Makcuse— This day (Thursday), Flags,
etc., at 914 Broadway, Oakland, at 10:30 o'clock.
By Sullivan & Doyle— This day (Thursday),
horses, etc, at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
By Killip & Co.— Friday. May 29. Horses.
at corner Tenth and Bryant sts., at 11 o'clock.
By Easton <fc Eldbidge— June . 2,
Ren) Estate, at 638 Market St., at 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Registration was begun at tbe new City Hall
yesterday.
The Metal-roofers' Union wants an interna
tional union charter.
The woman suffragists are districting the
City to secure signatures and make a poll.
The union carpenters are not pleased with
Police Judge Campbell's bearing toward a tool
thief.
Ten graduates of Trinity Scnool were awarded
their diplomas at the graduating exercises last
night.
Company A, League of the Cross Cadets, held
Its quarterly rally last night at National Hall
on Kllis street.
I. F. Ramacciotti was arrested yesterday on a
dispatch from Los Angeles that he is wanted
there for forgery.
The South Side Club will give a grand bene
fit entertainment and social Saturday night at
B'nai B'rith Hall.
The annual meeting and election of the
Merchants' Association will be held to-nigm
at 26 O'Farrell street.
Judge Angelotti, eittlne for Judge Slack, has
refused to order the sale of the First Congre
gational Church property.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the decision
of the Colusa courts retusing the demands of
W. W. Ludy for roadwork.
Conductor S. J. Robinson described the at
tempted suicide of a woman yesterday, but re
fused to divulge the name.
Mission property-owners are circulating a
petition to the Supervisors to buy the old Jew
ish Cemetery blocks for a Mission-park site.
The long overdue schooner J. B. Leeds got in
from Amapala last night. She was bound for
Portland, but put in here, short of provisions.
Mrs. Dorcey. 725% Hayes street, was Knocked
down by a bicyclist, A. M. Cook, near her resi
dence last night, and cook was arrested for
battery.
Rooms have been engaged in the St. Nicholas
Hotel for "Pompadour" Jim Corbett and his j
wife by FranK Corbett, the ex-champion's
brother.
School Director Barrett desires to have the
name of the Franklin School changed to the
K'.-unedy School, in honor of the late James G.
Kennedy.
Charles Nelson was given a judgment yester
day against the Sta»e for $545 50, the value of
some tail bark which fell through Fremont
street wharf.
The Merchants' Association has received a
letter stating that in tne thoroughfares of
Eastern cities water is used liberally on all
paved streets.
At the regular meeting of the Bicycle Board
of Trade last evening the question of holding a
grand wheelmen's parade some time in July
was discussed.
The Memorial-day general committee of the j
G. A. R. met last evening and made final ar- j
rangements for the observance of the day in
San Francisco.
The Southern Pacific yesterday promised to
co-operate with the Christian Endeavorers in
their attempt to secure the great convention of
1597 for this City.
Ex-President Barillas of Guatemala visited
Palo Alto yesterday with a view of purchasing
some of the Stauford-tarm stock to send to his
stud in Central America.
Yesterday was the closing day at the Bay Dis
trict Track. The winning horses were; Btg
Chief, Coda, America, Three Forks, Favory,
Thornhill and Senator Bland.
Father Ferguson talked to a full house last
ni-'htat Metropolitan Hall on the subject of
••Belated Patriots," under the auspices of the
Young Men's Catholic Union.
From a private dispatch received in this City
from Boston yesterday it is learned that a suit
has been brought against the owners of the Pio
neer gold mine of Placer County.
Complications relative to right of way are
delaying the progress of the Valley road. It
is expected to be ready for freight in about ten
weeks and for passengers in four months.
J. C. Jordan, the Boston millionaire, who
was sued by Attorney McElroy for $50,000 at
torney's fees, will make a. counter charge of
$125,000 for legal blunders . and carelessness.
Margaret Lathrop is suing P. H. Flood for
$10,000 damages for the death of her child.
She says she was under Flood's care, but he
left just before her child was born and it died
for want of attention.
The wharfingers and collectors and State
Harbor police will all be dressed in new uni
forms on July 1. The two former will be like
revenue marine undress and the latter like the
. City police aniforms.
The bark Enoch Talbot got in from Bedondo
Monday with a cargo of crude petroleum.
During her stormy trip a large tank burst, let
ting the oil run all over the vessel, and a por
tion of it was pumped overboard.
Accountant Folsom of the Market-street Bail
way Company admitted in Judge Wallace's
court yesterday that the stock of that company
had been watered to the extent of $10,000,000,
and that dividends had been paid on that sum.
Antone Jankovich, an ex-Austrian trmy offi
cer with a wounded hand, a tmilliary bearing,
who spoke Spanish and Italian fluently, was
mistaken in Santa Clara for Blanther, tne
alleged murderer, whom he closely resembles.
Miss Kate McKeefer was murdered in a bru
tal manner by her nephew, Peter Ducy, at 917
Howard street last night. No motive was ap
parent other than that the assassin wanted to
get his watch, which he claimed she was keep
ing from him.
The two men sent from Mare Island to take
charge of the monitor Comanche for Uncle
Sam nearly lost their lives twice in the bay
rday. They came ashore to get provisions,
and In Attempting to make the return trip were
twice capsized.
The first anniversary picnic of the Union
Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be held at
Glen wood to-day. The excursion will leave
on the 8:45 narrow-guage boat, aud a round
trip fare of $J f»T adults and 50 cents for chil
dren will be charged.
The order of the lower court granting a non-
Miit :u the suit of Rosalie Dewey against the
Southern Pacific Company has been reversed
by the Htipreme Court. She was not allowed
to suhmit certain evidence in her case, and so
the order of reversal was made.
The Rev. Jocob M. Buehler, pastor of the Ger
nuiii Lutheran Church, corner Gough and Eddy
streets, recently returned from the National
Lti.lieran convention, say* California must
have more Lutheran churches or peopie of
that sect will not come here to live.
The citizens' executive committee met yes
terday at the Chamber of Commerce, and after
discussing at length the propriety of recom
mendine a largely increased appropriation to
the Board of Health for sanitary purposes, ad
journed until to-morrow, without having come
to any decision.
Governor Johnson')) Will.
The will of ; Ex-Governor Jamos "A. Johnson
was ; filed In - the - County - Clerk's office . yes
terday. Tne bulk of the ; property is I left ;to
l;.i(jert R. Proviries and James M. Allen in
trust for the widow, Mrs. Emma V. Johnson,
and the daughter of the testator, Ada Johnson
XewlandiL until-' Ada Xewlaud/j attains the
age of 25 years.' Then; the property Is to be
divided, one-half to go to Mrs. Johnson and the
other half to Miss Newlands alter she reaches
25., - Should I either die the survivor Is to get
all. ' The value oi the estate is not yet known.
COMANCHE MEN
NEARLY DROWNED
The Men-of-Warsmen Were
Twice Capsized in
the Bay.
TWO NARROW ESCAPES.
Came Ashore for Supplies, but
Got Drunk While Mak
ing Purchases.
IN CHARGE OF THE MONITOR.
The Long Overdue Schooner J. B.
Leeds Got in From Amapala
Yesterday.
The excitement of the day on the water
front was furnished by the keepers put in
charge of the monitor Comanche by the
naval authorities. When the vessel was
turned over to the naval reserve it was with
the understanding that a regular man-of
warsmar. should be shipkeeper and a fire-
man from one of the warships should look
after the machinery. The former was to
see that Uncle Sam's property was prop
erly taken care of and the latter was to at
tend to the turning over of the machinery
every day.
Since the Comanche was anchored in
the stream Hans Anderson, the seaman,
and J. Lundstrom, the fireman, have at
tended faithfully to their duties, but yes
terday being payday they fell from grac .
Early in the morning they took one of the
naval reserve boats and came ashore for
provisions. At 1 p. m. they returned* to
the boat with their groceries. They had a
friend with them and alt were under the
influence of liquor. They got the stores
aboard and a start for the Comanche was
made. In midstream one of the men at
tempted to climb the mast in order to fix
the halyards and the boat being thus
made topheavy capsized.
Henry Pelersen saw the predicament in
which the men were placed and at once
wpnt to their assistance. He rescued An
derson, Lundstrom and their companion,
and started to tow the cutter back to the
wharf. It was hard work until the San
Francisco laundry launch came along and
towed both boats to the Folsom-street
steps.
The half-drowned men dried themselves
out and then went uptown to buy more
groceries. When they got back to the
front they were, in the vernacular of the
water front, "feeling good." Over 500
people gathered to see them off. All
went well until they attempted to make a
tack, in order to reach the monitor, and
then over went the boat again. This time
the launch Amy went to their assistance,
and after picking the men up put them
aboard the Comanche. The boat and her
equipments were also saved, so that all
that was lost was the groceries.
On both occasions tne ferry-boats were
stopped, and the men were called away to
lower boats, but there was no necessity for
their assistance. When the first capsize
took place Lieutenant-Commander Turner
sent word to the Folsom-street wharf to
keep the men ashore, but Anderson said
he was no Naval Reserve man, and only
received orders from Mare Island. He
very nearly lost his life in consequence,
I and the Comanche would have tempo
j rarily been without a shipkeeper.'
Wharfingers, collectors and the State
harbor police are all to be decked out in
new uniforms on July 1 next. For the
wharfingers and collectors the new dress
will be similar to the undress of the
revenue marine. The coat will be single
breasted, and there will be-«ight buttons
on it. The police will be belted and will
wear helmets. In fact their uniform will
be almost exactly like that worn by the
City police. There is a great deal of
grumbling over the new order, as many of
the men only got new uniforms a few
I months ago and they are not half worn
out.
The turntable used by the Market-street
cable roads broke down yesterday, and
during the entire day a gang of six men
bad to shunt each car as it came along. In
consequence, the entire system was de
layed, and toward 5 o'clock some of the
cars were over five minutes late. Every
thing will be in good working order tins
morning.
Morris Moreno, a longshoreman, met
with a serious accident on the steamer City
of Sydney yesterday. In backing out of
the way of a slingful of goods, he missed
his footing and fell into the hold. His
right leg was broken and his head badly
cut. He war, taken to St. Mary's Hospital,
where his injuries were attended to, after
which he was sent home.
The schooner J. B. Leeds, over which so
much anxiety was felt, put into port yes
terday after a passage of sixty-three days
from Amapala. The vessel was on her
way to Portland, bat had to put in here for
provisions. The voyage was a succession
of calms and head winds, and before port
was reached the crew was put to hard
straits. Beans and flapjacks were the sta
ple food, and even those were giving out
when the Golden Gate was sighted. After
provisioning the schooner will proceed on
her way.
A spanker boom with a sail and half a
dozen blocks attached drifted foul of the
schooner Charles Hansen on the 25th inst.
The schooner was off the seawall and the
captain thinks the gear came down with
the tide from the Blairmore. If they belong
to the ill-fated ship they can be recovered
from the agents.
PARADE OF WHEELMEN
All the Bicycle Club* Eager to Make
the Approaching Kvcnt Suc
cessful.
The directors of the Bicycle Board oi
Trade held their regular meeting last night
at a bicycle establishment on McAllister
street. President J. S. Coo well was in the
en air.
It was decided that the board would at
tend in full the meeting of the Merchants'
Association.
The principal question discussed during
the evening was the wheelmen's grand
parade, to occur in July, preparations for
which are already oeing actively car
ried on.
Secretary J. M. Hamilton stated that he
had received a. larjre number of communi
cations from the different bicycle clubs,
expressing their enthusiastic co-operation.
Tne committees appointed to confer with
local clubs on the same proposition re
ported the matter was being pushed for
ward by all the wheelmen organizations
throughout the City, and the indications
were that the coming parade would be
probably the grandest of its kind ever
seen in California.
It is the intention to ride along the chief
street? <x the City, after which a public
meeting will be held. There will be music
and short addresses by prominent speak
ers of the City on the subject of better
thoroughfares. .
The board is considering several patterns
of campaign buttons upon which are in
scribed, "Repay* Market Street."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
The Oil-Logged Bark Enoch Talbot Discharging Her Cargo of Crude Petroleum.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
DANGER TO THE
PUBLIC HEALTH.
Action Taken by Citizens
at the Chamber of
Commerce.
NEED FOOD INSPECTION.
Chances for a Veterinary Sur
geon, a Public Vacci
nator, Etc.
A POOR AMBULANCE SYSTEM.
Large Appropiiation Required— The
Mind of the Committee Not Yet
Determined.
The residents of San Francisco have a
natural and commendable desire to drink
pure water, milk, tea, coffee, etc., also to
eat wholesome bread and meat. At a
popular representative gathering of citi -•
zens beld lust Tuesday at the Chamber of
Commerce, under the auspices of the Board
of Health, it was desired to get an ex
pression of sentiment upon the propriety
of recommending a largely increased an
nual appropriation to be expended in im
proving the sanitary system of San Fran
cisco.
The executive committee then appointed
met yesterday. S. H. Tacy of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association;
Charles Montgomery, Hotel A-sociation;
Albert Castle, Chamber of Commerce; J.
W. H. Campbell, Produce Exchange; Da
vid Rich, State Development Company;
A. Sbarboro, Wine Association ; C. W. fa
ber . Milkmen's Association; Rev. Horatio
Stebbins; I. H. Morse, Fruit Exchange;
Isidor Jacobs, Fruit Exchange; Professor
George Davidson and Hugh Craig of the
Chamber of Commerce auswered present
to the rollcall. Fred Talbot of the firm of
Pope & Talbot was chosen chairman.
J. B. Reinstein stated the case in detail
for the information of the committee.
"Increased power and a more liberal ap
propriation," he said, "are urgently needed
for the better protection of the public
health.
"We wish the immediate services of a
milk inspector at a salary of $2400 a year,
a public vaccinator at $1200, eight assistant
milk and food inspectors at $900 each, a
bacteriologist at tlßoo, three market in
spectors at $900 eacn, a chemist at $1800, an
assistant chemist at $900, two bakery in
spectors at $ouo each, two bath and laun
dry inspectors at $900 each, three sewer
inspectors at $900 each, and a veter
inary surgeon at $1,800. With incidental
office and contingent expenses these items
will make a total of $34,800 a year.
"We desire also to improve our ambu
lance and hospital service by the addition
of four ambulances located in distant parts
of the City. This will cost $4000 and ihe
expense of maintaining them will be $G4OO a
year."
"There has not," said Dr. Stebbins,
"been any increase in the powers of the
Board of Health for the past twenty years
and however desirable it may be from a
sanitary point of view I fear that to rec
ommend it now would expose us to accu
sations of political jobbery."
'The public health," answered Rein
stein, "is a paramount consideration, and
the board has already been advised by its
attorneys that it has the legal pownr to
employ any men it may need, whose pay
will have to come out of the general fund.*'
"I am adverse," said Professor David
son, "to recom mending the granting of
the desired appropriation solely for the
reason that the appointments of the in
spectors, etc., would be vested not in the
Supervisors but in Governor Budd."
Charles Montgomery enthusiastically
and unqualifiedly favored the appropria
tion desired by the Board of Health, and
after some further discussion the matter
was taken under advisement until to
morrow, to which time the committee
then adjourned.
STREET PRINKLING.
In Kantorn Cttieft Water Is Used Very
Mberally.
Some time ago the Merchants' Associa
tion submitted to the Supervisors a plan
for street-sprinkling, which met with con
siderable opposition on the part of a num
ber of people. One reason for opposition
was that no city in the United States
sprinkled its paved streets, but reserved
the water for macadam streets.
To ascertain me facts the secretary of
the association has written to several
authorities on such matters in Eastern
cities. The first answer to the inquiries
comes from South Bend, Ind., and reads
as follows :
fficpflrum We beg to acknowledge receipt of
your valued favor of the 15tli in regard to
■prinkllni P*v*d street*, and in reply will say
that the claims made by those opposing it are
not founded on fact. We kuow of no city in
the Tinted States that discriminates between
paved and uiipavect streets in the matter of
■prink ling. The cities of Nashville, Term. ;
Indianapolis, Ind.; Pt. Louis, Mo. ; Winona,
Minn.; Lxnsing, M.eh.; Cambridge and Fitch
burg, Mas-., Hiid in fact nearly all the larger
cities in Mn< BChuMttt, sprinkle the streets at
public expense and make no 'difference in re
gard to whether the streets an- paved or un
paved; and white the claim that sprinkling is
a benefit to macadam Mr.'ets is h!1 right, we
have never known any city to sprinkle the one
and not the other at public expense.
BUILDING IN THE MISSION.
Improvements Include a Large Store
on Valencia Street.
Despite the prevailing quiet in building
circles at the Mission, due to the impend- j
ing Noe litigation, besides the other causes
at work all over the City, some improve
ment is, nevertheless, going on.
One of the most notable of the improve
ments making in the Mission is a buiiding
now about completed on Valencia street,
between Twentieth and Liberty. The
building, which will be rented as soon as
completed for a drygoods store, has a
frontage of 50 feet and a depth of 64 feet,
and will be lighted throughout by elec
tricity. The whole lower tioor will be oc
cupied as a drygoods store, and the upper
floor divided into flats. The front will be
of solid plate glass, there oeing five large
windows, each six feet wide, as well as the j
glass doors forming the entrance. The I
property is owned by Mrs. M. A. Roae
krans. ■
RATE FOB ENDEAVORERS,
Southern Pacific to Aid in In
ducing Delegates to Come
Here.
Preparations for the 25,000 That Will
Convene in This City Next
Year.
The Southern Pacific through its officials
in this Ciiy expressed a desire yesterday
heartily to co-operate in the effort to se
cure for San Francisco the great Christian
Endeavor convention of 1897. As the ques
tion of special transcontinental rates has
long been the only serious obstacle to
assured success, Rolla V. Watt and J. S.
Webster, two of the most active workers
in the attempt to bring the convention
here, are greatly encouraged as a result of
their conference with the railroad au
thorities, who assured them that every
effort would be made to obtain a very low
transportation rate for all delegates.
Meanwhile the committee is working
quietly among the merchants that may
reasonably be expected to profit Dy the
presence here of over 25,000 delegates dur
ing ten consecutive days. The purpose is
to raise by subscription $25,000 to defray
the expenses of the convention. In ad
dition to this amount there has been al
ready pledged $5000 by the Golden Gate
Union of Christian Endeavor and $2500 by
the Alameda County Union.
Everywhere the committee has called it
has met with hearty encouragement, and
already a considerable sum has been prom
ised. Just who have subscribed the com
mittee does not deem it proper to an
nounce until other equally representative
firms can be seen, so that all may share
the early credit of the enterprise and the
list be published simultaneously in all the
City papers.
Money is also needed for two mammoth
tents, besides the Mechanics' Pavilion, for
great musicians and orators, for printing,
for telegraph, telephone and newspaper
service, for decorations, excursions around
the bay, and for committee and State
headqnaiters. For these thin tja $25,000 is
n^ce>>s;iry, and that is the amount the
committees must have pledged by the
time the Washineton convention opens in
July ; nut no subscriptions, except a small
guarantee to be used in the cause at. Wash
ington, will have to be paid before May 1,
1807.
It is confidently believed that a $50
round-trip rate from Chicago can be ob
tained, as such was promised for the Na
tional Republican Convention, which this
City co readily subscribed $100,000 to
secure. The Christian' Endeavor conven
tion is many times larger than any politi
cal convention, but it will cost San Fran
cisco but $500 more than a fiesta cost
Los Angeles. _
Makk Hopkins Institute of Art: This
is the last week of the exhibition. The
last concert, will be given on Thursday
evening, when the subscription to the
local art patrons' fund will close and the
distribution of the pictures will take
place. Closing organ recital on Sunday
afternoon, May 31.
GREASIEST THING
IN THE WORLD,
The Oily Enoch Talbot of
the Old Black Ball
Line*
CAME WITH PETROLEUM
Completely Saturated by the
Bursting of a Tank in
Her Hold.
SHEPS AN UNCTUOUS CHAEM.
How tbe Crude Stuff Had Its Own
Way in the Hull of the
Vessel.
Nearly tho greasiest thing in the world
at the present time is the old bark Enoch
Talbot, which arrived in port from Re
dondo last Monday, Compared with her
a Pennsylvania oil well is a soda-water
fountain and a sperm whale a refrigerator
car.
All the alkali in the economy of chem
istry couldn't "out out" the spot that coy- |
ers the Enoch Taibot from stem to stern, j
keel to truck, clew to earing. Even the
winds that blow by her become lubricated
from their passage through the oleaginous
atmosphere and fly away all the faster
from the instant association.
She is so oily that she floats in a calm of
her own making, for no wave can hold its
own against the unctuous charm she sheds
around herself.
Twenty-six days ago the bark started
from ifcedondo with 9000 barrels of crude
petroleum on board. The entire interior
of tbe vessel's hull had been fitted up with
wooden tanks, into which the thick, tar
like fluid bad been pumped.
She had head winds, cairns and bad
weather generally, which accounts for the
long passage of twenty-four days. A short
time out from port the Ditching of the
Talbot burst a tank, letting almost 1000
barrels of oil loose to roam around tbe
bark at pleasure.
It may be said that that stuff in its crude
petroleum way made the most of the op
portunity. When it couldn't flow freely
it seeped, and between the flowing and 1
j seeping it managed to get pretty much
I everywhere. The pitching and rolling of
; the bark dashed tbe oil here and there
I through the hull, forcing it where even
the most ambitious fluid would not care to
penetrate. It got into the bilge with the
water leakage, and when the vessel was
pumped out the oil came up through the
pump well and ran out into the sea.
Every timber, ana it seemed that every j
spar, biock and rope was saturated, and
the oleacinonsness rampant in that bold
reached as liigh as the royal trucks. It
didn't ooze out through the seams of the
Enoch Talbot; because she was an old
Black Bill packet, and a ship with the
great black disk on her foretopsail was
never known to wear oat.
For several days no particular danger
threatened the oil-logged bars. She simply j
rolled along working northward, and Cap
tain Johnson was careful not to drop any
borninc matches down into that ratnerin
nammuhle hold. But tt.e leaning of tbe
vessel over to leeward caused the heavy,
ttiick lluid to collect on that side, conse- |
quently the bark gradually acquired a dan- j
gerous list.
Everything solid that was movable vraa
shifted to the weather side, and the pumps
wen set to work to help ease the bark.
Several hundred barrels of oil were run
overboard, smoothing the sea down for a
wid"e distance around the vessel. During
the bad weather the steam pump at the
main hatch broke from its fastenings and
tell into the hold, where it lay submerged
in the petroleum.
The bark tinally succeeded in getting off
tho harbor, where a tug smelled her out,
it is said. She is at the Arctic Oil Works
getting rid oi her dangerous and inconve
nient cargo. The old craft is all right, but
she is about the greasiest thing in the
world.
Mrs. Mars' Testimony.
Mrs. C. A. Mars, wife of the lather fatally
wounded in a strike riot, was on the stand
yesterday. She- told in what condition her
husband canu i home alter the assault. An at
tempt was made by the defense to examine
her upon Mhts' habits previous to the assault,
and the afternoon was spent arguing on the
objection interposed. The decision was re
served. _
Warship* Will Participate.
The Secretary of the Navy has written to the
California jubilee celebration committee that
he has suggested to the comraander-in-chief of
the Paci tic station to place vessels under his
command in Monterey Bay during the cele
bration.
■ ■■ .^^ wEff to-day: _,-,_,- -,-..-.-^^_-. ;
A
A
Drive
In
cy fl
Shoes
Beginning this week we shall inaugurate
a season of "Weekly i Drive Sales, putting
the price below the profit line, for the pur-
pose of i better advertising our store. We
want to get acquainted with you and are
willing to pay for the introduction in this
way. ■ '' • ■ -• •_ v ..'- . ' •' " .•;'
DRIVES FOR THIS WEEK ONLY :
$1.00 Child's Tan Kid Button, Spring
Heels, tipped, hand- turned sole, sizes
/ 9to 8.:....... .."••••••••.....:........ 50.63
$1.50 Child's Russet Goat Button, stout -
v safes, tipped, spring heels, sizes Bto
io%---".-.-- ..::....."..••••..:../.... 1.15
$1.75 Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 1.35
$2 5:) Ladles' Tan Buttons ".:..... 1.70
$2.00 Boys' Veal Calf (lace, and button)
Shoes, all sizes . . :f. '. '■■ .... ... . ':. ...... 1. 1 5
Remember, for this week only.
$2.50 Men's Satin Calf (lace and Con- :
gress) ........................:... 1.50
Remember, for this week only. '
■ On "Drives" we cannot pay carriers'
charges on country orders.
■ :; : Kast's '
738-740 Market Street.
Bend for Catalogue; mailed free. ■ :
i Headquarters for Buckingham * Hecht's Fine
Shoes.
-rw^-,^^ j BTEW TO-PAT.
I Open Friday Night, May 29, for Business. |
% •. An Extra Concert at BP.M. by the Emporium Orchestra, II
M Under the direction of Mr. John Marquardt, assisted by I
H Mmc: Breitshuck Marquardt, the talented Harp Soloist, jj]
W As a convenience to folks who cannot come to the " /|
% EMPORIUM during the daytime to make purchases ; "|9
m we shall, for a time, keep open Saturday evenings. " sj?
I The coming Saturday being a NATIONAL HOLI- fi
€ DAY the store will remain closed, and we will be 5f
f OPEN our FIRST EVENING for BUSINESS on 3
1 FRIDAY, MAY 29. -;-. \, %
-$K?Hsts R
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS. •
BALDWIN THEATER
Al Haymax Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
SECOND WEEK-MISS
ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. Au^ustln Daly.
TO-NIGHT (by request), Positively Last Time
THE COUNTESS GUCKI.
Friday Ewning and Saturday I Matinee,
AH^UMIcRMGHrSDREAI..-
Saturday Evening— Only Time,
• LOVE ON CRUTCHES.
3d week— Monday and Wednesday evenings,
"Twelfth Night" :TuPsd ay evening and Wednesday
matinee, "School for Scandal": Thursday, double
.bill, "Belle's Stratagem" and "The Honeymoon";
Friday and Saturday nights and Saturday matinee,
"Taming of the Shrew." Seats now selling for all
remaini uk performances."
fRICDLAnQta.-60TTU3B« o>- Usit3A.nanAnAsM4-"
Every livening. Including; Sunday.
Matinee Saturday.
AMY LEE AND FRANK DOANE
. And their Comedy Company in ' -
"MISS HARM SCARUM !"
TO-DAY (Thursday at 9 A. M., the regular
sale of seats begin for the Frawley Co. opening.
Monday Next— "The Two Escutcheons."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
TO-DAY THE SALE BEGINS,
At 9 o'clock this morning, for the engagement
next Monday and for the entire week.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
IN mmmm ' /'r ■*
THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS.
Magnificent Stage Mountings.
Elegant Costumes. *
Reserved Seats, 35c t 50c, 75c and '81.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. fc.BNKHTixR Kbklino, Proprietor <£ M.aaa£s;
LAST NIGHTS
Of the. Operatic Production of
"C« TOM'S CABJF
Audran's Favorite Opera, .-
OI_iI^7"E3TTE !
"The Torpedo and the "Whale I" • '• ' •
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc. •
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Mauaje.-
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Last Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
—ED ND K. COLLIER
: ' In the Stirring Drama, ■'
"METAMORA
Not Seen in This City for Twen ty-flve Years.
•Evjenixo Pbicxj— 2Bc ana 530.
Family Circle and Oallerv. 10c.
Usual Blati nee* Saturday ana Similar. -
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
WE KK BEGINNING- MAY 3 5th,
THK SENSATION OF THE CITY!
3F» A:r»:r:P3-T.A. i
McAvoy and May, r Lizzie B. Kaymond,
Golden, Chalfant and Golden and others. |
* Reserved Seats, '-'sc; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats, 50c. ... , ;
Coming— Edison's Marvel, "The Vltascope."
PEOPLE'S PALACE THEATER. ,
Corner Mason and Eddy SU.
TO-lIGHT! THDRsFaI, POSiTIVELY !
GRAND EIGHT- ROUND PHYSICAL CULTURE
CONTEST BETWEEN ,
! OWEN Jj.^ZEIGLER
DAL HAWKINS
; For a purse and a decision. Also a six-round go
■. ': between , . ■
JOE SULLIVAN AND AN UNKNOWN.
Also eight four-round bouts by leading exponents
of the manly art. . ; . , .. - - »
Seats on sale at. the box-office from 10 a. if.
, ].■ .... Prices $1, $2 aud $3.
GRAND CONCERT
.' .'..' ——OF THE — '— . ; .'. .' .'
SATURDAY , MORNING ORCHESTRA
• For the benefit of the -
"Little Jim" Ward of the Children's Hospital,
THURSDAY EVENING. MAY 28,
■/</ ... At 8 o'clock, at
GOL )EN GATE j HALL. .
Admission 50c. ; Reserved seats to be had for 25c
extra at Kohler & Chase's, 28 • O'Farrell st., on the
day of the concert or at the hall In the evening.
LADIES' DAY AT CENTRAL PARK. .
Afternoon and evening of Mar 30. Compli-
mentary benefit tendered the Alpha ladles' Cy-
cling Club. " One hundred men' will race. . Grand
display of fire works. Popular prices. Ladle's free.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE 'RACES DAILY.
. (RAIN OR SHINE.) • .
FIRST, RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
« ADMISSION SI. OO.
'■ Take Southern PaciUc trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 c. m. .
: Fare for round trip, Including admission.to grand j
' stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric line diraoc
to track. 1..,;...; . :\ ;..':. ',: '.. ,-:-.-■,'--.
A. B. SPRECKEL3, W. a LEA KB, ,
.President. ' - Secretary.
NEW TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
nEMORIAL DAY CELEBRATION
SATURDAY - ....*.'. MAY, 30, 1896.
MAGNIFICENT SERIES OF'
ARMY and NAVY TABLEAUX.
All the Prominent scenes '■-.'■
':'-'. rsl Or Our American Wars-
Carefully Reproduced.
GRAND MILITARY CONCERT
By First Regiment Band. .
GENERAL ADMISSION —
Adults, 10 Cents. Children, 5 Cents,
THE CHUTES
Open Evenings During Pleasant Weather.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
SATURDAY- DECORATION DAY,
Grand Display of memorial Fireworks
At 9:30 P.M.
BALLOON ASCENSION FOR THE CHILDREN
IN THE AFTERNOON,
Admission 10 Cents Children 5 Cents.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS^
"POSTPONED!
ON ACCOUNT OF RAIN THE PICNIC
— — OF THK — —
UNION PRINTERS'
MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
TO BE HKIiD
At GLENWOOD PARK
Santa Cruz Mountains,
THURSDAY .....MAY 31, 1896
HAS BEEN POSTPONED TO
*I*la.xxx-g3c3.«i.y, May 28.
Tickets Issued tor May.2lst will be good for May
'28th. Kouud trip, SI. OO.
STATEMENT
: . ■ ....OF THE '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
: ....OF THE ... "
COMMERCIAL ONION
ISSUANCE COMPANY. LIMITED,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST DAT
December, A. I). 1895, and lor the .war ending
on that clay, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the sta:e of ifornia, pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 610 nod 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th«
Commissioner. . • . *
CAPITAL. '
Amount of capital stock paid up in
ca5h....... .'■■■■ $1,250,000 00
"V/; 'assets. ~~ ~~
I Beat estate owned by company...... $2,392,751 63
j Loans on bonds and mortgages 316.074 63
I Cash market value of nil stocks and <
• bonds owned by company 5,129,317 90
Amount of loans secured by. pledge .
of bonds, stocks and other market-
aole securities as c011atera1........ 206,764 70
Cash In banks... 1,752,322 00
Interest due and accrued on all .
stocks and loans 838 18
Interest due and accrued on bonds
aud mortgages. . .'.......'.... 3,81 98
j Premiums indue course of collection 1,316,000 98
I Bills receivable, not matured, taken
| for flre and marine risks ■ 109,39121
Total assets, life department. '.'. 8,999,928 01
Sundry offices tor guarantees and re-
insurance on losses already paid... 420,577 85
Ilents and interest due........... 3,392 25
Stampsin hand 2.370 'JO
Total asset* J $20,653,543 45
LIABILITIES. ——~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid..'
Losses in process of adjustment or I ( i S . « m m
lnsuspense.. f 08: >' 300 °°
losses resisted, including expenses j
Gross premiums on fire risks run- 1
nine one year or Jess (reiusur- j
anceSOper cent)......:..... — : I ■. ai«; aon 00
Gross premiums on lire risks run- | ■ • llOlilloMU oo
nine more than one year ■(rein- I
surance pro rata) J
Gross premiums on marine and in- '
' land navigation risks (reinsur-
ance 100. per cent).......... .. J- 950,000
Gross premiums on marine time
risks (reinsurance 60 per cent)..
Liabilities under life department.... 8,999,928
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... ' 2,414 79
All other demands agaiust the com-
pany .2,278,173 06
Total 1iabi1itie5....... ....... $14,631,616 79
INCOME. . ~
Net cash actually received for flre ''■ c <'
premiums 566,922 79
Met cash actually received for ma-
rine premium 5..;.:;."....."."."'.:...... 1,160,502 77
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
' all other sources *. 883,371 58 '
Received for transfer fee 5............. 255 63
Total income of life department..... ' 1,240,733 04
Total Income $8,290,785 80
! EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $3,295,014 83
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 797,34*2 98
Dividends to stockholders. 812,025 87
faid or allowed for commission or
br0kerage.............. ;........ 787,665 50
Paid for salaries, fees and other V ■ ■
I charges tor officers, clerks, etc*, f ,-. o Cfi QQO \ a ■
Paid for State, National and local f- 1 --"* 8 -»»' s i*
taxes ...: .V.... )
All other payments and expend!- ' ' .
; tures 854,881 38
Total expenditure 5................ *7,316,422 86
' ' Fire. ' " Marine. :
Losses incurred during
the year...... ;;..-..•.. $3,183,074 00 $788,833 00
KISKS AND PHEMIUMS.
1 - FIRE RISKS. PREMIUMS. -'
Net : amount of 1
risks written
"- during the year $1,995,944,996 $7,266 473 73
Net amount of " • . ,
risks expired .
during the year.. 1,079,380,17.? 4.595,656 66
Net amount in ..-.-■
force December
31,1895 1,363,996,153 4,720,760
. : .:. i. -'. jXABINK BISKS. I PREMIUMS.
Net amount of
risks : - written- •■ • ' ■
during the year.. . $388,957,055 $1,656,635 00
Net amount of .
risks . 'expired ' . . .
" during they eur. 383,735,405 1.637,775 00
Net : amount ; in
force December . . .
81, 1895......... ' 94,345,600 , 963,525 00
! " ; JOHN TKOTTER. Chairman.
H. Mann, Secretary. / : ,
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day
of April, 1896. G. F. Warren, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST 'BSMCH OFFICE,
301 California Street.
: C. F. MLJLLINS, Manager.
78
WILL HOLD ON
TO THE CHURCH
Friends and Enemies of the
First Congregational
Society.
A LONG DAY IN COURT.
The Pew-Owners Should Take
a Vote on the Ques
tion.
SOME FIGURES FROM MORSE.
He Says the Church Has Not Money
Enough to Keep Run*
ning.
The First Congregational Church will not
be sold , at least for the present , for the order
of sale asked for by the trustees oi the
church has been denied.
The case was tried before Judge Ansie
lotti of San Rafael, who took Jndge Slack's
place while his honor of Department 10
was tryine the Ashley-Baldwin case else
where. George M. Spencer and S. C.
Simpson were present to oppose the sale
of the church, and Mr. Page of Page &
Eells, with Deacon Morse at his elbow,
represented the people who wanted the
fca.e to go on.
A demurrer to the sale of the church
was filed in the names of Mrs. Amelia W.
Hoffman, J. H. Warren and T. M. McDon
ald, pew-owners in the church. It set
forth that the court had no jurisdiction of
the subject of the petition for two reasons:
First, that the petition did not show that
the board of trustees had legal authority
to sell the premises; second, that it did
not show that any meeting of the pew
owners or members of tne church had
ever been held by which authority was
given to the trustees to hold the sale.
The demurrer further set forth that the
petition was ambiguous, in that it could
not be determined therefrom what the cost
of the edifice was, nor whether it could be
sold for business purposes; nor did it
appear how the alleged growth of the City
had removed the homes of mostof the con
gregation to an inconvenient distance from
the building. It was further contended
that the petition was uncertain, in that it
did not appear therefrom how or under
wha; circumstances the vote was taken
that empowered the trustee to sell the
church.
Mr. Spencer argued that there was noth
ing to show a majority of the pew-owners
had requested the trustees to sell the
church and he said further that by the
rules of the church none put pew-owners
were allowed to vote at business meetings.
There was nothing to show even, he said,
that there was » majority of the pew-owners
present at the meeting.
Judge Angelotti decided, however, that
most of the allegations made in the de
murrer were matters of proof, so he ordered
it overruled, and the opponents of the sale
were allowed to file an answer instead.
The answer set forth that the buiiding
had been erected at great expense, and it
had always been cared for in the best pos
sible manner and is at present in excellent
condition. It was further alleged that the
gale would only result in enormous loss to
the church society, as the whole proceeds
would not at the present time, allowing
the highest rate possible, realize more
than $127,000 at the outside, a sum exactly
$11,000 below what the premises cost in
1870.
In conclusion the answer said the prop
erty is rapidly increasing in value, and
th-re is every reason to suppose that in a
few years the property will be worth much
more than at present.
Thomas Magee, the real estate man, was
then called to the stand. He said the
church property is worth perhaps $125,000.
It would cost at least $75,000 to purchase a
suitable site farther out, and in the pres
ent condition of the market it would be
Lard to get more than $90,000 tor the prop
erty. Tiie building he considered worth
practically notning except for church pur
poses; in fact, he had heard of one man
who would give $2500 more for the lot if
the building were not there.
T. H. Clement told how the church had
been kept up for the last few years by the
crowds which nocked to hear" Dr. Brown.
He attributed the fact that the church was
alive at all to the influence of Dr. Brown.
He said that during the three years Dr.
Brown was in charge the prosperity of the
cnurch increased materially, and that now
that Dr. Brown had gone a large propor
tion of the people Had left it.
Mrs. Amelia Hoffman was then called
to tell how she circulated the petition
against the sale of the church and of what
favor it met with. Deacon Morse was then
called. He said the income of the church
had been $4800 and the expenses $10,500.
He admitted, however, that in the $10,500
was included al! the expenses of the coun
cil and of the trials and investigations of
the scandal which followed. The $4800,
he said, was a little low, caused probably
by tbe fact that many people gave up th-iV
l>ews when the scandal became common
talk.
Deacon Morse said he thought he could
procure a purchaser for the church prop
erty; he thought he could get enough to
build a new church, to pay ell the old
debts and to have nearly $30,000 in the
treasury.
At the end of all the talk Judge An
pelotti decided to deny the application for
an order of sale. He said there was noth
ing to show that the pew-owners had re
quested the trustees to sell the church, and
until they had had a vote upon the sub^
ject he felt it would be unwise to order the
hale. Mr. Page wanted to know what the
pew-owners had to say of the matter when
the tiustees said there was not money
enough to run the concern, but the Judge
said it was better to let the pew-owners
have a vote on the subject, and so the
church will not be sold for the present at
least.
MORE LUTHERAN CHURCHES.
Rev. Jacob Buehler Returns From the
National Conference.
The German Evangelical Lutheran
church purposes now to push with vigor
the work of supplying pastors and teachers
to its people on the coast. It is said that
many Lutherans are deferred from coming
io California because of the meager oppor
tunities that exist for the realization of
their church life.
The Rev. Jacob M. Buehler, pastor of St.
Paul's Church, corner of Gough and Eddy
streets, was a delegate to the triennial
Lutheran Conference, recently held in
Fort Wayne, Ind.. and returned from that
convention last Friday. He is convinced
of the advisability of offering better facili
ties for worship and social intercourse to
the Lutherans in this State. There are
now, he says, eight missionaries engaged
on the coast. The people amonj» whom
they are laboring will be urged to make
buch efforts as may be necessary to form
regular church congregations as soon as
possible.
Speaking of tbe convention, he charac
terized it as a remarkably amicabie as
semblage, at which church doctrine and
educational matters were discussed very
freely, but without the least dissension.
There were 500 clerical delegates, repre
senting the 1500 congregations in the
United States.
Next year the Lutherans will celebrate
the fiftieth anniversary of the founding of
their church, the constitution for which
was drawn up fifty years ago, in Fort
Wayne, where the conference of its 1500
congregations was recently held.
ITS STOCK SLAUGHTERED
The Pioneer Gold Mine of Placer
County Tied Dp in a Boston
Lawsuit.
General Oliver Roberts of this City
received the following telegram from J. M.
Brazell in Boston concerning the Pioneer
gold mine: : '*!
Boston. Mny 26, 1896.
To General Oliver Roberts, 1803 Broadway, San
Francisco: Publish in the morning papers ttiat
the Pioneer gold mine was slaughtered in the
Boston Stoclc Exchange to-day. Worse to
morrow. An application for receiver in Cali
fornia Is to follow. The fight is on.
J. M. Brazell.
In explanation of the foregoing dispatch
General Roberts said that some years ago
James M. Brazell and Pierre Humbert had
bonded the mine to a syndicate of Boston
capitalists, and after 50,000 shares had
been disposed of they were to receive a
certain consideration. The shares were
sold at $9, but there was some hitch in the
final settlement.
"I am not quite sure that I under
stand all the particulars of the diffi
culty," said General Roberts, "but
James Brazcll went East to settle up
the business. I imagine the slaughtering
of the stock in the exchange means
that the suit which he has probably
brought has injured the sales on the
board. The application for a receiver
would of course nurt the mine's status in
the exchange. The mine is in Placer
County, a few miles from Towles station.
It is on the mother -love and is rich in
high-grade ore. lam sorry to see so val
uaole a property tied up in* litigation."
THE BEAUTY OF AN IDEA.
JoaQwn Says It Is Immortal and
That Only Poetry Is
True.
T zas Has Cattle and Chicago Has
Hogs, but This State Has More
Artists Than All the Others.
Joaquin Miller, the "Poet of the Si
erras," spoke on lessons not in books,
and quoted from his new book, "Songs of
the Soul," last night at the Y. M. C. A.
Auditorium. The poet talked like a
prophet. He had a good audience and
was frequently applauded. He aaid :
"An idea is immortal. I have taught
cv erything — reading, writing and arith
metic. Believe in the roses as you be
lieve in the land. Everything is beautiful.
"A few years ago we planted an island.
A fire swept it; but it could not destroy
the idea.
"You sail into San Diego to-day and
you ko down through lanes and lines of
palm trees. It has not been equaled since
Palmyra. It was a little idea that caused
it. It will never die.
"I plant tnis idea here, and it shall not
perish. 'You can't make lumber or fire
wood of palm-, 1 said one man of Loa
Angeles to me. 'No,' I said, 'you can't.'
'I came from Chicago,' he said. 'I thought
so,' said I.
"We are not a very happy people in the
United fctates. People who cover them
selves with goatskins and eat brown
bread— the wood-carriers — are happier. We
are the highe>t educated in the wond, and
we :>re meanly miserable.
; "We are paying millions on millions to
i England for her pictures, millions on niil
j lions for her stories. Why? Because they
' insist they have thebe»t, and we have
| been accepting it. We build and maintain
• Pans and attempt to say with it, 'There is
no God.' I can't prove immortality. I Le
long to no church, but is this monstrous
doctrine true? There is no truth, but
poetry.
"The land is the cold, deliberate letter
of the law.
"Jerusalem! She loved the poets and
the poets loved her. She loved all things
in art and in nature. Jerusalem is more
to the civilized world than all of song or
story. We have been given over to cynic
ism, to stoning the prophets.
"Texas! Whit has Texas? Only cattle.
No Douglas Tilden, no Charles "Warren
Stoddard, no Ina Coolbrith. Wisconsin the
same. Not another State has half the
artists which we have abroad. Chicago!
I forgot that. Chicago bus bogs. The
Mayor wanted to show me once the new
patent process for killing ht*»s. Chicago is
still killing hogs. We are born to another
destiny. We are not killing hogs or cattle,
and we propose to obliterate the cynic."
GRAND BALLY OF CADETS.
Company A, League of the Cross
Cadets, Meets Its
Friends.
A Large Numb;r of New Members
Take the Pledge and Enter
the League.
A rally was held last evening at National
Hall, 815 Elfcs street, under the auspices
of Company A of the League of the Cross
Cadets. These rallies are held quarterly,
and are meant to give an opportunity to
the friends of the cadets of becoming
better acquainted and encouraging the
young soldiers.
Company A of St. Mary's Cathedral,
under whose auspices last night's rally
was held, is the pioneer company of this
City. The company has an enrollment of
eighty members, who are efficiently organ
ized under the following officers: P. 8.
Drady, captain; W. C. Hopper, firat lieu
tenant; R. G. Drady, second lieutenant.
A large number of friends enjoyed the
following excellent programme:
Opening remarks, Captain F. & Peady; "Te
Deum," by the audience; recitation, Miss E.
GonzHles; piano solo, MissF. Marion; clarionet
solo. Miles Gelse; address. Rev. James McDon
ald of St. Peter's Church; vocal solo, Lieuten
ant R. G. Drady; barytone solo, Joseph G
Fogarty; remarks, Rev. Philip O'Ryan; "Amer
ica," by the audience.
At the conclusion of the above exercises
a lar^e number of boys took tbe pledge
and were admitted into the league.
Besides the officers of Company A sev
eral members of the executive committee
of the League of the Crons were present
including the chairman, Thomas A. Fal
lon, Walter Terry and (t. Carroll.
On Saturday next, at 8:30 jl. m., a «olemn
requiem high mass will be held at St.
Mary's Cathedral for those of the cadets
who have died during the past year,
father Yorke will celebrate the mass and
will be assisted by the chaplains of the
various companies of the cadets in this
City. Rev. P. O'Ryan, the spiritual ad
viser of the league, will preach. In the
afternoon, after the Decoration day pa
rade, companies A and I will hold memo
rial services at Holy Cross Cemetery over
the graves of their deceased members.
During the coming month the League of
the Cross Cadets will hold their summer
encampment.
• — ♦ .
Bank tellers disinfect dirty-looking notes
by sprinkling camphor in the receptacles
where the money is kept.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
SIGNOR FOLI SAYS
WE ARE SAVAGES,
Not Out of the Woods
in Music and Are
Pretenders.
HAVEN'T HAD ORATORIO
Are Such a Conglomeration of
Nations He Has Little
Hope.
SPEND SOME MONEY. HE SAYS.
Tiien Get Together and Try to Do
Something Utterly Unlike
Europe.
Signor Foli, the opera singer, who is
known among musical people as probably
the greatest basso in tbe world, i« at the
Palace.
Signor Foli commenced singing before
the London public twenty-nine years ago,
as he said last night, and since then he
Signor A. J. FoH. the Basso, Who Says San Franciscans Arc Savages, and Not
Even Out of the Woods.
{Sketched from life by a "Call" ttaff artu'.i
: has been singing in most of the great
j cities of the globe. He has, however, never
been before the public of San Francisco.
The great basso is a big man, with a
voice the like of which has never been
heard here. He appears to be about 6 feet
4 inches high, and has a black mustache
j and long, slightly grayish hair, which is
combed pver a somewhat bare place on
top of his head. He looks to be about 50
years old.
The signor is a man ready, direct and
interesting of speech. In answer to a
question as to where he thought * San
Francisco was located in music, he said:
"1 should imagine from what i have
seen that you are not located anywhere.
You are not out of the woods. There
isn't anything that I have heard of here.
Have you had an oratorio here this win
ter? You haven't, have you? Mow, that
answers the question better than all I
could say. Think of it, too, in a city of
the great size of San Francisco.
"The only object is for a lot of amateurs
to get together and sing a comic opera.
There are no oratorios nor . anything.
There is nothing. They are savages,
purely.
"Is there a village in all England where
they don't have, an oratorio? Go any
where and you will not find such an in
stance in any place that pretends to-be a
place.
"And here you are, a city of 350,000 or
400,000 people. No; San Francisco is in
the woods.
"1 sat in the same choir in Manchester,
i with four of the biggest oratorio singers in
the world, in the 'Massiah'— with Patti;
Albani and Edward Lloyd, and sat there
for four nights. ■ And what have you ever
done here? And there were six during
the . same week there, too— six of the.
'Messiahs.' '
"You don't, see it begun even, here.
Think of it! What a contrast!
"Manchester has 400,000 people, Liver
pool 380.000, and much the same thing I
speak of has occurred in the latter city.
It is so to a large extent all over England.
"Have you got anything here that tends
to show any musical culture? If you have
I would like to know where.
■■ "There \s no origination among the peo
ple here. They won't unite. ■,
"Birmingham is as fine as Manchester
in a musical way.
o " ° w lon S it will take the savages of
ban Francisco to develop and evolve from
these woods I don't know. There is such
a conglomeration of nations here that I
can't tell.
"It is wonderful to see the mass of hu
manity down on Market street. The peo-
Pie .■ are wonderfully busy like London.
Hut they all seem so ' intent on making
money in a small way. I suppose they
are obliged to. <i@f»s
"What should the people do in a musi
cal way to get out of the wood?? Spend
some money. And get rid of the blaker
skite pretenders who go over to Europo for
a ; little while and then - come back here
and^talk learnedly . of music and begin to
teach. They talk a lot of rot. r B
■ "It takes years and - years to develop
eood music. You are away from London
and Paris and the other great cities where
they have music How do you expect to
have it here so soon ? It is little by little that
progress is made. This City could at least
try, and set about it rieht in trying.
"I left London on April 4," the bass con
tinued. "I spent a week in New York and
thr n went to Taconia, where mv two sis
ters are living. I have built a house there.
1 stayed as long as I could stand the rain
and then I came down here. Yes. I was
in this town once before for a little while.
It was two years a^o at tbe iime of the
Midwinter Fair. I saw lots of things to
amuse me that time."
Signor Foli was born in Ireland, but
spent, most of his youth in Hartford, Conn.
He went to Italy to study. He has song
for many years at the Saturday and Mon
day pops, St. James Hall, London, and he
has had great audiences in all the leading
cities of Europe and elsewhere.
He will be here but a.day or two, as he
has only come for a pleasure trip and does
not intend to do any singing.
THE DALEY BENEFIT.
South Side Club to Have an Entertain-
ment and Social.
At the meeting of the South Side Club
last night at 514 Fourth street arrange
ments were perfected for a grand benefit
entertainment and social to be tendered
William Daley next Saturday evening at
B'nai B'rlth Hall.
W. N. Harrison presided. Flattering
reports were read by J. Reavy from the
committees having tbe benefit in charge,
and Treasurer M. M. O'Connor reported] a
large number of tickets bad been dis
posed of.
The committee on entertainment re
ported that the best local talent had
kindly volunteered to take part.
Mrs. Aweng Burled,.
Funeral services were conducted over the re
maius of Mrs. Sallie Aweng by the First Pro
gressive Spiritual Church it the parlors of
Hoisted & Co., atO4<> Mission street at 3 p. m.
yesterday, after which the remaius were placed
In tbe receiving vault of the I. O. O. F. at Odd
Fellow^' Cemetery.
TO INSPECT ARMY POSTS,
General R. N. Bachelder, U. S.
A , Visiting Here Before
His Retirement.
His Coming Unannounced and an En
tire Surprise to Local Army
Officers.
Quartermaster-General R. N. Batchelder
of the United Statesarmy, Washington,
D. C, who was no long stationed here at
one time and who is well known to the
people of this coast, is at the Palace.
General Batchelder is a prominent mem
ber of the Bohemian Club. He is accom
panied on his trip by Major George W.
Davis of Washington, D. C. General
Batchelder's visit is a surprise in military
circles, as he was not expected.
The general when seen said he could
give nothing for publication. It may be
stated, however, on what appears to be
reliable information, that he is visiting
the various army posts relative to the
apportionment of the appropriations re
cently made by Congress for the army.
It is the quartermaster-general " who
names the amount which, in his judg
ment, each post should receive.
He has come, therefore, to confer with
Colonel A. 8. Kimball, the chief quarter
master of this department, anil Brigadier-
General Forsyth, commander of the de
partment, in reference to the matter.
This will be the last official trip of Gen
eral Batchelder. He is to be retired in
July, as has been tola by a recent tele
gram to the press.
Since his arrival the general has been
quietly seeing the City.
Mrs. Connors Indignant.
Mrs. M. i;onnors, proprietress of the saloon
at 308 Pacific street, objects to a referenco
made to her in "Two Far Ends of Pacific
Street," which appeared in Sunday's Exami
ner. "I never used a single harsh word to my
Bon in the presence of these persons," she said.
"He is a good boy and deserves no epithets.
For myself, 1 was not drunk; In fact I never
drink anything, l was simply sleeping."
Not Anxious to Die.
The letter received by Coroner Hawkins
Tuesday afternoon, signed Raymond Avilea,
in which the writer threatened suicide, has
proved to bo a hoax. Aviles, who was a fire
man on the wrecked steamer Colima, called at
tb« Morgue last evening and denied that he
was the author of the note.
Kicked by a Horse.
A. Pcsban, a gardener at Ocean View, wbb
leading a young colt yesterday morning when
it swung round and kicked him in the face,
knocking him down. He was taken to the Re
ceiving; Hospiinl. where it was found that his
upper jaw was fractured and bis lips split.
LOOKING FOR
PALO ALTO STOCK
General Barillas' Trip to
the Stanford Breeding
Farm.
HIS STUD IN GUATEMALA
Greatly Benefited by the Ac
quisition of California
Horses.
IS IN LOVE WITH THIS CITY.
The General Will TcDay Take Pos
session of His Magnificent Home
on Nob Hill.
General Barillas, the multi-millionaire
and ex-President of Guatemala, is likely
to become a permanent resident of this
City.
He arrived here nearly two weeks ago,
and the experience has been so pleasurable
that instead of simply passing through tne
City en route to Europe he proposes re
maining here several months.
His European tour will not last over six
months, and on hit return he will again
make this City his home.
The general will move his quarters from
the Palace Hotel to-day, and will hence
forth live" in his own borne, on the north
east corner of Octavia and California
streets. He purchased the property from
the estate of Edgar Mills about two years
ago, through his agent, Francisco de
Ojeda, who is also a relative. Excepting
a few months during the visit of Mrs.
Barillas and her daughter, Mrs. Luis de
Ojcla, the house has been unoccupied.
General Barillas' interests are mainly in
Guatemala, where he owns about 60,000
acres of coffee plantations, and he will
necessarily have to live much of his time
there, but he intends to maintain an es
tablishment in this City for all times, pro
viding Mrs. Barillas cares to return were
and occupy the beautiful house oq "Nob
Hill."
This is General Barillas' first trip out of
Guatemala. Although a twenty-time
millionaire, he has never been to Europe
or any place else outside of his own
ccuntry.
His >on has been here nearly three
years, supposedly as a student of the Uni
versity of Cilifornia, but there is a strong
Furnr.se that young Alfonso has been play
ing "hookey," which fact, in connection
with others, induced his papa to come
here and investigate matters.
Another matter which interested the
general was a suit Drought against him for
some $4000 by his aeent in connection
with the purchase of his California-street
property and other things. The suit was
brought many months ago, but has been
stricken from the Superior Court calendar
since Barillas' arrival.
Yesterday morning General Barillas and
Mr. Schwerln of the Pacific Mail Com
pany, Mr. Lathrop, the brother of Mrs.
Stanford, and quite a large party of friends
took a run to Palo Alto on a special train.
General Barillas owns the largest stud
farm in Guatemala, where he has some 600
of the choicest horses to be found any
where. He is very fond of racing and
trotting stock, and he particularly wanted
to see the Stanford stock farm.
It is well understood that Barillas will
send another hundred or two of the Stan
ford h'llies and a tew atailions to his Guate
mala farm. About three years ago he
purchased fifty yearlings and two-year
olds from the Palo Alto and Vina ranches,
Frank Covey, the greatest authority on
standard trotter* in the country, making
the selection. The crossing with the
Central American horses has shown the
value of the purchase, and General Baril
las wants to get some more Palo Alto
stock. _______^_^__
GERMANS AT SAN RAFAEL.
Their Aid Society Carnival Proves a
Great Success.
German day carnival at Schaer's San
Rafael Park was opened by the president
of the Ladles' German Aid Society.
Following was the programme, which
was a success all through:
—*"««"• v»{c.»SS76ri*
Ladies' Lliolr.
May song Hornstein
. Mr*. P. Kaerber, Mr. H. Vogel.
"Gypsy Waltz"... SchUlfehrt
Miss Boeder, Sun Francisco.
Cornet solo
Miss E. Hchippler, Oakland.
Song, "Watch on Milne" ,
Solo and Ladles' Choir, -.v.
Flute solo .....:.
Mr. Walter Oesterreiclicr, Alamcda.
Contralto solo..:
- Miss Anita Schtneld, San Francisco.
Duo from "Magic Castle"
Miss Busse (trombone}, San Francisco, . -
- ■ Mrs. H. Vogel. •
Violin solo, "Tarantella" Milloeker
Mr. E. Weigel, Kan Kafa ;1.
Song, "Odn mem Oestt-rreieher" Suppe
, bolo nntt Ladles' Choir.
Kecltatlon, "Den Saeiigers Fluch" from Uhland
Mrs. M. S. Hotcbkiss.
"Little Red Riding Hood"
By the children of the German School.
. .' - Dancing.
Evening song ...........Beethoven
Singing section.
Song
• ft. Marks' Church Quartet. **""""
Barytone solo „
Mr. Schwerdlfeger-Dubois. .
Song, "Watch on Whine"
Barytone solo, Mr. Schwerdtfeger-Dubols,
• - male chorus.
song, ?'Loreley".. ■..„■ ...:. ..
Poetry by 11. Vogel, composed by E. Warner
Mrs. H. Vogel.
Cornet solo .....:......... ....... '
Miss K. Bchlppley, Oakland.
Bass solo, "Stroerat Hcrb»i Ihr Voelkerschaven"
William Herie), ban Rafael.
Flute solo .■....'...;.....
■ . Walter Oesterreicher. ,-■'
"Anvil Chorus :> from "it Trovatore"
singing section (in costume), solo by Mrs. Vogel.
"Scnnaberin" Kocahut
Miss Busse, Trombone. ■
Song, "Swedish lVaiant Wedding". ..Soedermann
Singing section.
Peasant Dance, by special request ,
Toward evening the crowd (all in Ger
man national costumes) enjoyed them
selves to their fill, dancing, , singing and
playing German national games. ; Many,
camped in tents ail night. The grounds
were beautifully illuminated with Chinese
lanterns, red tires, etc.
FRUIT AND POULTRY MEN.
First Outing: of the Association to Ban
Jose May 31.
On the last day of May, at 9 o'clock in
the morning, the members of the Fruit
and Poultry Dealers' Protective Associa
tion of this City, accompanied by their
wives, daughter*, sweethearts and friends,
will go to San Jose on a special excursion
train of twenty-five cars. It will be a bad
day indeed for any sportive hoodlum who
may take a fancy to interfere with the
management of the association.
The organization of fruit and poultry
dealers was formed less than a year ago,
but it has now 389 members, representing
215 firms. This outing is the first of the
association and its promoters are resolved
that all arrangements shall be carried out
in an orderly and agreeable manner con
sistent with the largest latitude for inno
cent amusement and recreation.
The large new pavilion at San Jose has
been secured for the day. The round-trip
excursion rate has been reduced to $1 for
adults and 50 cents for children. The
commission men of San Francisco have
already taken 600 tickets, and many more
will be sold.
The privileges of the bar have been
leased to a responsible citizen of San Jose.
The association retains the wheel of for
tune. Two hundred prizes — embracing
jewelry, poultry; millinery and a live pig
have been contributed.
The excursion train will leave the depot
at Third and Townsend streets at 9 o'clock
a. m. promptly. Returning, the train will
leave San Jose at 5 p. m.
The officers of the association are:
Thomas Burns, president; M. Sambelli, sec
retary; Frank Curtoni. treasurer, and J.
Witt, chairman of the executive com
mittee.
VALE, NINETY-SIX.
Awarding of Frizes, Medals and Diplo
mas to Trinity School Graduates
Last Night.
The graduating exercises of the class of
'96 of Trinity School were held last even
ing at tbe school, corner of Washington
street and Central avenue. A large num
ber of friends of the graduates filled the
spacious hall, which was tastefully dec
orated with ferns, palms and grasses and
draped with flags and |the class colors —
purple and white.
Tbe following is a programme of the
graduating exercises:
Overture, "Orpheus," (Offenbach); gavotte,
"Orange Blossoms" (Lautenschlaeger); ora
tion, salutatory, "The Power ol .Music," Frank
L. Southack; oration, "Our State Emblem,"
John M. Hug; oration, "The Elements of Suc
cess," Frank G. Sharratt; oration, "Popular
Literature," Thomas Wendell; oration, "The
Nicaragua Canal," John Malcolm Graham;
concert waltz, "Symposia" (Theo Bendix);
award ot prizes for the year; intermezzo, ''Cav
alleria Rusticana" (Mascagni); oration, "Look
ing Forward," John Winlhrop Barnes; ora
tion, "English, the Universal Language,"
Charles H. Suydam; oration, "The Power
of Religious Ideas," Wilson B. Evans;
oration, "Magellan," Harry H. Taylor; march,
"King Cotton," Sonsa; award of medals; ad
dress by the chairman of the committee of
awards; "Angel's Serenade,'.' G. Braga; ora
tion, valedictory, "Steam a Factor in Modern
( ivilization," Eugene M. Farnham; award of
diplomas by the Right Rev. the Bishop of the
diocese; intermezzo, "Love's Dream After the
Ball," A. Czibulka; address, by the Rev. E. B.
Church ot Irving Institute; benediction;
march, "Under the Double Eagle," J. F.
Wagner.
The following named composed the
graduating class:
Charles H. Suydam, president; J. Malcolm
Graham, treasurer; Frank L. Southack, secre
tary; John W. Barnes, Wilson B. fcvans, Eu
gene M. Farnham, John M. Hug, Frank G.
Sharratt, Harry H. Taylor, Thomas Wendell.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Countess Gucki " Will Be the
Attraction To-Night at
the Baldwin.
Papinta, the Myriad Dancer, Pleases
at the Orpheum — Loie
Fuller Coming.
The spectacular features, as much as
anything, have made "A Midsummer
Night's Dream" a strong attraction at the
Baldwin Theater for the last three nights.
"The Countess Gucki" will be presented
to-night for the last time by llias Ada
Kenan and Augustin Daily's company.
The bill for Friday night and Saturday
matinee is "A Midsummer Night's
Dream" and on Saturday night "Love on
Crutches"- with Miss Rehan as Annis will
receive its one and only presentation dur
ing the engagement.
The revival of "Metamora" at the
■ Grand is showine Collier in a sympa
thetic part and one which appeals to the
audieuce. The play receives a good, all
! round performance from, the rest of the
I company and is well staged.
"Miss Harum Scarum" is coming to the
end of its run at the Columbia Theater.
Next Monday the Frawley Company
I opens its summer season in ''The Two
I Escutcheons." .■■ ' -
. "Uncle Tom's Cabin", will continue to
entertain Tivoli audiences for the rest of
the week.
Papinta, the myriad dancer, is the best
j attraction which the Orpheum has had
j since the midgets. Her mirrors are so ar
! ranged that she produces the effect of a
whole corps de ballet, and the electrical
effects used in illuminating her dances are
particularly effective. The rest of tne bill
is good. -
The coming stock season will be inaugu
rated at the California Theater on Mon
day, June 15. It is announced that the
opening production is to be A. W. Pinero's
comedy drama, "The Home Secretary."
1 tie entire staff of the California Theater is
busily engaged preparing for this season,
which promises to be a memorable one. .
The Baldwin Theater has engaged Loie
Fuller for its Fourth of July attraction.
Tne famous dancer mil begin her engage
ment on June 29.
A Misfit Lodging-House.
Calvin Cooper and his wife are suing Eliza
Eitel, Erastus Morey and his wife for the can
cellation of a $1400 note and the return of a
lodging-bouse. The plaintiffs purchased the
lease and fixtures of 330 Geary street and gave
a note for $1400 for the place. They say the
house is not worth what it was represented to
be worth, and they want the house to go back
to the deiendanu aud their $1400 note can
celed.
NEW TO-DAT.
The Equitable
Life Assurance
Society
now issues a new
form of life policy,
which contains more
advantageous
guarantees than any
policy ever issued
on a sound and
conservative basis,
and these guarantees
are made by the
strongest life
assurance company
in the world.
Assets, - $201,009,888
Liabilities, 160,885,376
BurpluB, -• $40,624,012
BAN FRANCISCO OFFICE:
Crocker Building, Market, Montgomery
and Post Streets.
NEW TO-PAJr.
Extraordinary
BARGAINS
— IN—
PARASOLS!
In connection with many
other CUT-PRICE SPE-
CIALS we offer the follow-
ing
GREAT LEADERS TO-DAY!
At 10 Cents.
CHILDREN'S PARASOLS, in assorted
colors, value 25c, will be offered at 10c.
At 35 Cents. -y. •
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in plain and
ruffle, will be offered at 35c.
At 75 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in satin and
gloria, will be offered at 75c.
At $1.00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS in silk gloria,
lined, will be offered at $1.
At $1.50.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS in sarah silk, S
ruffles, will be offered at $1 50. ■;.* .1;. ■•';;
UU Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
. The delights of cycling are
enhanced by owning a thor-
oughly high-grade wheel. Such
a wheel is the PIERCE. Every
detail perfect. Easy running.
STYLISH AND GRACEFUL.
$100 and $75.
One of our many models will
suit you. Call or write for
catalogue.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOJ,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market * Beale Sts., . 223 J Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. . SACRAMENTO.'
FOR SALE (^EXCHANGE.
, A fine Ranch situated in Sutter
County, Cat., of fruit and general
farming; 300 acres in fruit, 250
acres in hay and vegetables. The
owner will exchange this fine
place for good business property*
as his business is such that he
cannot attend to the ranch. For
particulars apply to
ED. P. HUSTON,
Woodland, Cal.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
FOR SALE.
A N ESTABLISHED MANUFACTURING
•■"■ Business, Grocers' and Druggists' . Sundries.
Requires about $4000. Satisfactory reason for
selling. Apply— ' .
.K. V.. BOX 109, CAIX OFFICE.
• — '
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonia for ttia
»exnal and urinary organs of both sexes, and ft
great remedy for diseases ot the kidneys and blai-
der. A great .Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervtn*
Bells on Its own Merits— no long-winded ie*U*
mouials necessary. ■ •■ .1
A .iiK, -AA.FS St BKI'.NI!, Agents,
323 Market Sit., S. If.— (Send {or Circular.)
ItillC Vnil boro Throat, Pimples, Copper- :-
i ?nfl"E I UU Colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores, %
kHUloors in Mouth, Uair-Ffcllingf "Write COOK. %
SgiitMKD V CO., CO7 Masonic Temple, !
6L Chicago, 111., (or proofs oC cures. Capt- i
■tul, Q500.000. Worst cases cured la 1G
jßto 8& day. 100-pogg book, free. \
TO EXCHANGE.
Al2-ROOM OAKL.VSD RESIDENCE: LOT
140x200; highly improved; no lncumbrances;
will exchange for property In Southern California
or at Spokane. : , Address Owner, 330 Pine at. room
58, San Francisco, Cul.MARKET-STREET
RAILWAY STOCK,
The Facts Disclosed by Tes
timony of the Ac
countants.
METHOD OF VALUATION.
Proceedings Against Assessor
Siebe in the Superior
Court.
THE WALLACE ASSESSMENT.
Dd the Judge Make Affidavit That
His Personal Property Was Worth
Only $1900?
Much interesting testimony was brought
out yesterday in Judge Wallace's court
during the preliminary examination of
Assessor Siebe on the charge of perjury.
It came out incidentally and in quite a
matter of fact way in the testimony of
George T. Folsom, accountant of the road,
that $10,000,000 had been added to the
capital stocK simply to make the books
balance and to account for tbe issuance of
the extra ten millions in bonds. It was
also admitted that dividends were paid on
this ten millions of imaginary security.
E. Biack Ryan has proved thus far the
cleverest of all the witnesses on behalf of
the railroad company. He has a most
remarkable memory, which instantly for
gets every fact that might come into con
liict with the interest of his employers
and which remembers instantly, positively
nnd in detail whatever might inure to the
benefit of tne corporation served by him.
Mr. Ryan is a small, wiry man, with a
Missouri goatee and an air of Yankee
shrewdness. Mr. Clun.e did not set much
out of him yesterday. The witness did
not seem in the least flurried by the ques
tions put to him and auswered some
directly and others by saying that he for
got or did not remember.
Mr. Ryan was :he first witness yester
day morning, and said that in the state
ment he had presented to the Assessor he
had placed tbe value of the franchise at
$1,325,000, but he was unable to say upon
what basis of calculation that sum was ob
tained. He had put it down as a general
lump sum, he said.
In making his estimate of the value of
the road Mr. Ryan did not include the
cost of construction. He took into con
sideration the roadbeds and ways.
"What inquiries did you make concern
ing the value of this properly?" asked Mr.
Clunie.
Mr. Ryan replied that he did not know
whether he had made any; that he had
forgotten. He said in answer to another
question that he supposed he had been
appointed to his position in the railroad
company because he looked sharply after
the assessments and did what he could to
prevent them being made too high. As to
the manner of bis obtaining tbe appoint
ment all that he knew was that he fell
into the place.
The symptoms of paresis so alarmingly
observable in Secretary Willcutt's de
meanor on the day before had vanished
and he informed the court that from Octo
ber, 1893, to December of the next year the
gross earnings of the combined companies
were $620,878 25. In 1894 the gross earn
ings were $2,958,436 14, with $1,920,286 70
operating expenses, $21,934 72 and $23,500
taxes and $44,000 for sinking fund.
George T. Folsom, accountant of tbe
road, came on the stand with an armful of
books. Mr. Folsom is an affabie gentle
man and gave his testimony behind a per
petual smile. He knew nothing except
•what was in his books. He supplemented
Secretary Willcutt's testimony with the
statement that the farther sum of $452,
-633 54 should be deducted from the earn
ings of 1894 for interest on large sums bor
rowed for construction. There was also
an item of $24,680 loss in the sale of car
horses after the consolidation. He admit
ted also that he had in his office invento
ries of the property of all the companies
as the property stood before the consolida
tion. These inventories he promised to
bring into court to-day.
This statement caused some surprise, as
Secretary Willcutt had testified on tbe
stand the day before that he did not know
of any inventories.
Mr. Folsom explained that the new is
sue of $17,500,000 bonds covered all the in
debtedness of the companies which en
tered into the consolidation. The original
debt was $7,000,000. Those bonds sold at
prices ranging from 95 cents to $1 05. The
only ones sold below par were 150 to
Ctiarles P. Crocker, 25 to H. E. Hunting
ton and 25 to M. T. Smith.
Mr. Clunie asked the witness whether
he did not know that, prior to the sale of
the bonds at 95 cents, I. W. Hellman had
made a contract to take the whole $17,000,
-000 issue at par.
The witness consulted his books and re
plied that $1,800,000 worth of bonds had
been sold at $1 05 and $200,000 at 95 cents,
but he regretted to say that his books
did not reveal the names of tbe purchas
ers. It was possible, he explained, with a
smile whose frankness raised the tempera
ture several degrees, that those names
might be found in the books of some
other official of the railroad company.
He had an idea, of course, but it was
only an impression, and he would not be
willing to swear to it. In fact — and here
the childlike and bland smile lighted up
Mr. Folsom's face again — he would not be
willing to swear that he knew who was
the president of the road. He had a vague
impression — something akin to intuition —
that. Charles F. Crocker was the president,
but he could not swear to it.
Then Mr. Folsom went on to explain
that as soon as a cable road was displaced
by an electric road the capital invested in
tbe cable road immediately disappeared,
and he attempted to create the impression
that the railroad people made this change
simply for the accommodation of the pub
lic, and not for the purpose of increasing
their revenue. Mr. Clunie, bowever, by
his pertinacity in demanding facts, drew
oat of the witness the admission that ail
changes in tbe roads were made for the
purpose of increasing the revenues of the
corporation. In other words, that corpor
ation, although devoid of souls, were
human in their desire to accumulate
•wealth.
"But," added Mr. Folsom dolefnlly in
speaking of the change of horsecar roads
to cable or electric systems, "think of all
the horses that have to be sold for next to
nothing or given away !"
Mr. Clunie suggested that horses on
street railways become worn out or died
of old-age, but the witness did not deign to
notice the suggestion. He was positive
that be did not know anything that was
not down on his books. He did not know
positively who the directors were, if the
names of the directors were on his books
he would know who they were, but if they
were not he would know absolutely
nothing.
Several tiroes during the testimony of
the smiling accountant Secretary Willcutt
stepped up to the stand and held whis
pered conferences with Mr. Folsom, evi
dently coaching him. On such occasions
every one in the courtroom united and
Judge Wallace looked surprised.
Mr. Willcutt found that his visits had be
come so frequent that he decided to re
main on the platform reserved for wit
nesses, and he comfortably seated himself
in the armchair while Mr. Folsom con
tinued his testimony standing.
After Mr. Willcutt had stepped up to
Mr. Folsom several times and whispered
in his ear Mr. Clunie objected to exam
ining a double-headed witness, and in
obedience to his suggestions Mr. Willcutt
resumed his seat outside the railing among
the common people.
Mr. Foisom explained that he had added
to the cost of the permanent way and fran
chise enough to make it fit the $18,750,000
of capital stock, "because," he added
apologetically, "our books must balance,
you know. It wouldn't do to have them
not balance, you know," and the account
ant smiled in a most engaging manner at
Mr. Clunie and Judge. Wallace.
"My only explanation of this increase
of capital stocfe," he continued, "is
that it was deemed necessary in order
that the enormous future expenses of the
road might be provided for and in order
that it might agree with the amount of
the bonds. We simply added $10,000,000
to the capital stock in order to properly
open our books."
Judge Wallace asked: "You simply
added this $10,000,000 to the capital stock
so as to support the issue of the bonds ?"
The witness admitted that such was the
fact. In the course of his testimony be
said something about the cost of fran
chises.
"A iranchise does not cost anything?"
suegested Judge Wallace.
"Not necessarily," replied Mr. Folsom.
"Why not necessarily?" asked Mr.
Clunie. "Have you any account in your
books showing the cost of your franchises ?
Do franchises cost anything in San Fran
cisco?"
"I understand," replied Mr. Folsom,
"that when a franchise is asked for a bid
is handed in to the Board of Supervisors."
"Has that been your experience ever
since you have been connected with the
road," inquired Mr. Clunie; "I don't
mean private bids, I mean public bids.
Bids have been required only for the past
year or two."
The witness hastened to state that he
had nothing on his books showing the cost
of franchises.
Mr. Freidenrich, who appeared to be
somewhat uneasy at the fluency of the
accountant, interposed an objection. He
thought that all the facts in relation to in
creasing of the capital stock by $10,000,000
were already before the court.
Judge Wallace remarked that he under
stood the testimony to be that on the 13th
of a certain month the railroad companies
had a certain quantity of property. On
the next day, the 14th, the companies,
having neither more nor less property
than they had on the day before, added
$10,000,000 to their capital stock, and paid
themselves dividends on that amount.
Edmund Davis Thomas, auditor lor the
Market-street Railroad Company, was
asked whether legal expenses were in
cluded under the term, "operating ex
penses," and he replied tUat they were.
The auditor did not have with him the
book containing a detailed statement of
legal expenses.
The Siebe-Wallace Case.
Assessor Siebe appeared before Police
Judge Campbell yesterday morning with
Charles L. Ackerman as his attorney. Mr.
Actcerman gave notice that this evening at
7:30 o'clock he would move the dismissal
of the perjury charge based upon Mr.
Siebe's assessment of Judge Wallace's
property. The attorney declared that he
would show that the arrest had been insti
gated by malice and for the purpose of an
noying Mr. Siebe and Judge Wallace.
Assessor Siebe regards his arrest on the
charge of undervaluing the personal prop
erty of Judge William T. Wallace 93 a
trick or a stroke of malice. The Assessor
said yesterday : "All assessments are made
alike. A personal property assessment
blank is delivered to every property-owner
in the city. He fills it in and makes the
following oath before me:
I, , do swenr that I am a resident
of the City and County of San Francisco, that
the above list contain c a true and correct state
ment of all property subject to taxation of
which I or any firm of which I am a member,
or any corporation, association or company of
which I am president, cashier, secretary or
managing agent, owned, claimed, possessed or
controlled at 12 oclock m. on the first Mon
day in March last, and which is not already
«E?wse(liome this year; and that I have not
in nny manner whatsoever transferred or dis
posed of any property or placed any property
out of said county, or my possession, for the
purpose of avoiding my assessment on the
same, or of making this statement, and that
the debts therein stilted as owing by me are
owing to bona tide residents of this State, or to
firms or corporations doing business In this
State.
"When a man takes oath as to the valua
tion of bis property I must accept it as
;rue. I cannot break into his bouse and
make an inventory of his possessions. If
I am not satisfied I can cite him to appear
and undergo an examination as to his
property, but no man who understands
the nature of an oath will swear to a false
statement and then confess he is a per
jurer to save a few dollars.
"I think my arrest," said Mr. Siebe,
"was a petty political trick inspired by
some one who wished to make it appear
by implication that Judge Wnllace had
made a false return of his (Wallace's) per
sonal property. As it could not benefit me
and could not work me an ininry it must
have been aimed at the Judge "
REGISTRATION BEGUN.
Ninety-Six Men Received Their Certifl-
cntei Yesterday. John I). SpreckeU
Being the Second.'
The registration office in the basement
of the City Hall opened for the fir&t
time at 9 o'clock yesterday morning, with
eight clerks ready, willing and anxious to
register prospective voters, but the'ex
pected rush did not materialize, and up to
4:30 yesterday afternoon four less than 100
men had given the necessary particulars
regarding themselves.
The first man to present himself was
William Henry Kickard, secretary of the
Republican County Committee, who was
promptly registered. Within a minute of
the time Mr. Rickard took the oath John
D. Hpreckels had become qualified to vote,
being the second to register. It happened
that both Mr. Bpreckels and Mr. Rickard
were at the office to see that their watch
ers were on hand and doing their duty,
and thought they might as well register
and be done with it at once.
As there are still 159 days in which to
register, no rush is expected by the bureau
for tne present at least. Extraordinary
precautions are being taken by the leaders
of the Republican party to prevent fraudu
lent registration, and watchers will be
kept at the bureau every day until it closes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
ANNIVERSARY OF
IRELAND'S BARD,
Grand Celebration of Thomas
Moore's Birth
day.
TRIBUTE TO HIS GENIUS
The Balfe-Moore Club Will Give
a Novel Entertain
ment.
LEADING IRISHMEN UNITE.
They Have Decided to Hold an Evening
With American Poets and
Composers.
The one hundred and sixteenth anni
versary of the birthday of Thomas Moore
will be celebrated by the Balfe-Moore Club
MOORE'S BIRTHPLACE.
of this City at Metropolitan Temple on
Friday evening.
The character of the celebration will be
novel, as it Is intended to surround the
recollections of Moore, not with the
flowers of his own exquisite fancy, but
with the choicest gems of American song
and music.
Nothing has been left undone by the
Balfe-Moore Club toward insuring the suc
cess of the celebration. An elegantly
printed programme entitled "An Evening
With American Poets and Composers"
and including "An Address on Longfel
low, by John McNaught" has already
been mailed to friends of the members.
On the evening of the celebration a
beautiful Bouvenir commemorative of
the event will be presented to each
member of the audience. Oliver Wendell
Holmes' famous poem in eulogy of the
genius of Thomas Moore will be a leading
feature of this interesting souvenir. By
ron's tribute to the sweet bard of Ireland
will find a place beside Holmes' exquisite
lines. The little memento is a golden
harp with a green background, and, a* if
by special design, these poems that are in
themselves the laurels of genius, a^ear
upon the space where the golden strings
would make sweet melody. In one corner
is the brief legend :
THOMAS MOORE
P.irn
Dublin, Ireland, May 28. 1780
Died
• February '26, 1852. -
The beautiful poem of Holmes is as fol
lows: • .
AFTER A I.KCTURE ON MOORE. .
Shine soft, ye trembling stars of light
That strew the morning skies:
Hushed in the silent dews of night . •
The harp of Erin lies. . .
What though her thousand years have past
Of poets, saints and kings—
Ear echoed only hear the last
That swept those golden strings.
Fling o'er his mound, ye starlit bowers,
The balmiest wreaths ye wear,
Whose breath has lent your earth-born (lowers
' Heaven's own ambrosial air. ;
Breathe, bird of night, thy softest tone,
; By shadowy grove and rill:
Thy song will soothe us while we own
That his was sweeter till.
Stay, pitying time, thy foot for him ,
Who gave thee swifter wings,
Nor let thy envious shadow dim
The light his glory flings. •
If in his cheek unholy blood . .
Burned for one youthful hour,
'Twos but the flushing of the mid
That blooms a milk-white flower.
Take him. Rind mother, to thy breast,
Wno loved thy name so well.
And spread thy mantel o'er his rest
Of rose and aspho lei. •
The bare that sailed the midnight sea,
The sea without a shore,
That waved its parting sign to then—
"A health to thee, Tom Moore 1".
And thine long lingering on the strand,
Its bright-hued streamers furled,
Was loosed by age with trembling band, '
' To seek the silent world.
Not silent! no, the radiant stars
Still singing as they .shine. .
Unheard through earth's imprison bars,
Have voices sweet as thine.
Wake, then. in happier realms above
The songs of by-gone years,
Till angels learn those airs of love
That ravished mortal ears !
The numerous friends of Frank: Mc-
Glynn, the young attorney, are preparing
to give him an ovation on this occasion, as
it is his last appearance on the platform in
San Francisco. ; He has determined to
give up the law and study in New York
for the stage, for which he has had a
strong affection for many years.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
The Annual Meeting and Election Will
Be Held To-Night.
The Merchants' Association expects a
large attendance at its annual meeting and
election this evening at 26 O'Farrell street.
All the improvement and progressive clubs
in the City have been requested to send
representatives and discuss the new char
ter. At this meeting the board of directors
will be elected. Tbe nominating commit
tee recently named the following members
for the ensuing term: A. S. Baldwin,
Charles Bundschu, James S. Conwell, W.
G. Doane, F. W. Dohrmann, William
Doxey, A. G. J. Fusenot, Hupro D. Keil,
Manfred S. Kohlberc. Henry Michaels, R.
F. Osborn, M. A. Rothschild, Joseph Si
monson, Vanderlynn Stow and Frank A.
Swain.
NEW ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
A Grand Opening Announced for Me
morial Day.
The new Presidio athletic grounds, at
Bay and Francisco streets, will be opened
on May 60— Memorial day— with a grand
series of attractions, of which a baseball
game between the Pacific and Oriole
cluhs, and a balloon ascension will be the
principal events. On Sunday following a
game between the Californias and Im
perial clubs will be played. The four clubs
constituting the City league have been
engaged for the season to play on Satur
days and Sundays, with an occasional
Wednesday game thrown in. It is the
purpose of Manager Rockwell to afford a
continuous round of amusements for the
especial benefit of lovers of outdoor sports,
and for this purpose there will be added
to the baseball equipment of the grounds
a auarter-niile bicycle track, a tracfc for
sprinting, a range for ritte'-shooting, and,
eventually, a bowling alley. The erounds
are spacious, 600 by 400 feet in dimensions,
and afford ample room for the largest
crowds. The prand stand seats 1800 peo
ple, and the bleachers will accommodate
5000 more. Under the grand stand will be
provided refreshment saloons and dress
vng-rooms for the players, which are fitted
up with shower-baths and other necessary
conveniences. The grounds are well shel
tered from the winds and fog and are con
venient of access, being only two blocks
from the Union-street cable line, and ap
proached by broad sidewalks. The mana
ger promises some startling features for
the opening day programme.
WORKING FOR THEIR PARK
Eleventh Ward Residents Want
Their Share of Improve
ments.
Supervisors Will Bs Petitioned to
Purchase Two B ocks in
the Mission.
Residents of the Mission are becoming
enthusiastic over the prospect of having a
park. For years they have had no recreation
grounds nearer than Golden Gate Park,
ana they have long watched with a feel
ing of injustice the .extensive improve
ments made in the numerous parks and
squares of the Western Addition, while
the whole Mission district has been left
with but one park, Columbia Square,
which is far from being centrally situated
for Mission people.
Strong efforts are being made to secure
the old Jewish cemetery blocks, bounded
by Eighteenth and Twentieth, Dolores
and Church streets, for a park. Toward
this end the members of the Mission Im
provement Union are circulating a peti
tion, a copy of which has already ap
peared in The Call.
"The petition that Is now being circu
lated will soon be presented to the Super
visors," said George Walcom, secretary of
the Mission Improvement Union, yester
day. "The site in question is conceded to
be the only available one in the Mission.
TJie representatives of the Eur«>ka Benevo
lent Society and the Emanu-El Congrega
tion, the owners of tne property, ask |150,
-000 apiece for each of the two blocks
desired, but it is thought that both may
be secured for $250,000, which local real
estate experts pronounce a fair price."
Judge Van Reynegom is quite enthusi
astic over the new park. "Just look at
this man," he said, pointing to a wall map
of the City. "Over therein the Western
Addition and north of Market street
neighborhood there are no- fewer than
eight parks, while in this whole Eleventh
Ward, which is much greater in area, we
have only one or two small squares.
"The site desired is admirably situated
for a park. It is protected from the wind
by the high hills to the west, which also
break the fog banks into light scattering
clouds. If there is ever a spot of sunshine
on the whole peninsula you will find it in
this locaiity.
"The price asked for the two blocks is
not exorbitant, when you consider
hovr large tne blocks are. Rougiily
speaking, these two blocks contain more
square feet than rive ordinary Western
Addition blocks.
"It is only fair," he continued, "that the
Eleventh Ward should receive back some
part of what it pays in taxes. The prop
erty in this ward is assessed at $100,000,
-000, and pays annually $1,000,000 taxes.
During the "past twenty years less than 1
per cent of the taxes paid by the Eleventh
Ward has come back in the form of im
provements."
While the opinion is practically unani
mous throughout the Mission that tnis lo
cation should be secured for a park, ttere
is some difference of opinion as to the
method of raising the necessary funds for
the purchase of tho property. Some of
the more enthusiastic and impatient pro
moters of the movement are in favor of
providing in next year's tax levy for the
purchase of the blocks. The City and
County Attorney has said that the Super
visors have the power to make such an ad
dition in the tax rate. Or, if deemed ad
visable, the payment for the land might
be made by bonds, the prejent owners hav
ing signified their perfect willingness to
accept in payment 4 percent City bonds.
Many of the mofe deliberate and con
servative property-owners, however, be
lieve that to increase the tax rate would be
a serious detriment to all interests. They
would prefer to wait until the City could
sell some of its property and thus obtain
the necessary funds. There is a strong
sentiment in favor of the City selling
Buena Vista Park for this purpose.
HAMPERING THE
VALLEY ROAD,
Its Progress Barred by
Trouble Over Rights
of Way.
TRACK-LAYING STOPPED
Entrance of the Competing Line
Into Merced Delayed by Land
Complications.
PASSENGER COACHES ORDERED
It Is Expected to Have the Road Ready
for All Kinds of Traffic in
Fonr Months.
Owing to difficulties being placed in the
way of the Valley road securing the neces
sary rights of way its entrance into Mer
ced is being delayed and its progress be
tween Merced and Fresno retarded.
Track is now laid witbin two or three
miles of the town of Merced, but a few in
dividual property-owners are barring its
entrance into the town, owing to the un
reasonable demands made on the com
pany. As the matter stands, it will prob
ably be ten days before Merced will be able
to celebrate the advent of the Southern
Pacific Company's competitor. All track
laying has been virtually suspended. Had
there been no interruption the road would
be completed snto Merced by to-morrow.
Similar troubles are being experienced
between Merced and Fresno. To such an
extent is this the case that the force of
graders has been divided into eight gangs,
each employed on a different section 01
the road, and this undesirable method of
working will have to be continued until
all matters pertaining to right of way are
satisfactorily .settled.
Freight traffic on the road is not to be
undertaken before the middle of August,
at the earliest, and possibly not before
September 1. Passenger business will not
be regularly carried on before October 1.
At the last meeting of the directors six
Pullman day coaches were ordered from
the Pullman Company to be ready for
delivery at Chicago within ninety days.
At the same meeting there were also
ordered eight cabooses and two combina
tion baggage and passenger cars. The
last named are to be used as smokers.
While the road itself will be ready for
freight business between Stockton and
Merced within a short time, it will not be
begun earlier than as stated owing to the
lack of engines. The seven ordered about
a month ago, which include tour freight
and three passenger locomotives, will not
be here until abont the middle of Aueust.
Lumber is now being hauled for a ware
house to be bnilt just sonth of the
Tuolumne, and another warehouse will be
put up shortly about half way between the
Tuolumne and Merced. The latter is now
in course of removal by the Grange Com
pany from Montnelier on the Southern
Pacific road.
NEW TO-DAT.
BREATH BROUGHT BACK,
A Curious Case of Weak-
ened Heart-Action.
A West Virginian Who Could Not Move
Without Exhaustion Within Two
Weeks Ran* Half a Mile
Without Effort.
WHITEFIELD, W. Va., May 27.— The good
n . people of our town
/\\ li- are about, to form
VjA-L \GI ' ■an.an ti - tobaceo-
/^^\ **T_ - using club. The
fv / I i\ direct reason for
■\f / \ l(\ this agitation is
•'^V the remarkable
■ •• /V. V. __ en re of Colonel D.'
j*^ -r >V ~rS R. Banks, who fora
/K-^"\. V long time enjoyed
y y \ \ t-jT the palm as the
K/X V^,-AA\ greatest a to? i e-
\\/ . . iJ smoker in West
ftt'* l^,.. Virginia. . •
Sa "^^jt~gg:gg3Sff i^* > The colonel said
. " to-night: " Yes, I
smoked over twenty years and over 200 stogies
a week. Always smoked five at a time. - 1 was
always an active man and thought I was thor-
oughly sound, but one day I had to make a run
to catch a train and in less than 100 yards I
fell over, apparently lifeless. My heart had
stopped beating.. ■
!•' " 'Tobacco - heart," said the doctor- who
i brought me back to life. Another attack was
; likely to be fatal, for most cases of death from
; 'heart-failure' are really cases of tobacco-
heart. That set me figuring on a cure.-
-"Well, lam cured. Took two boxes of No-
To-Bac and it cured me. Can run half a mile
now without a lone breath or any oppression.
I t«ll you it's great stuff, 1 and the colonel dug
his knuckles into the reporter's ribs and
chuckled. "There are no flies on No-To-Bac.
When you get old and worn out, think you're
no good, just use it now and then, It will
waken forgotten sensations and you can't sit
still for feeling good." I
The colonel's experience is that which hun- j
dreds of thousands of former tobacco-users
have enjoyed. No-To-Bac quickly, naturally
and permanently stops " tobacco-using, makes
weak men strong and brings back vitality and j
vigor. You* own druggist sells it under abso-
lute guarantee to cure or ' money refunded.
Read the famous book, "Don't Tobacco Spit
and Smoke Your Life Away," mailed free, with
written guarantee and sample for the asking.
Address The Sterling Remedy Company, Chi-
cago or New York. ' ' ; '- < •
BANKRUPTCY
A. D. AYRE'S STOCK.
Liberty Bicycles.
. No Reasonable Cash Offer Refused.
WHEELER & WILSON MFG. CO.
933 Market, Opp. Mason.
; open EVENINGS.'
FAILING MANHBOO
General and Nervous Debility.
/»_ -Weakness" of Body 'and
f/c'fvV- Mind, Effects of Errors
V^ISAwPK or Excesses in Old or
•j8&-*&}$£ Young. Robust, ■- Noble
fjr%£_J!tiT Manhood fully Restored.
M j^fr - How . to .• Enlarge * and
o*3s 1/ ,-■",-■; /\ Strengthen • Weak, Un-
; CJSf&.\ K'H'Ja '1 evelcpcd Portions of
»»FJ4nivLiKt^sr\V ' Body. Absolutely nn- 1
im^fiim^<Ta\vi\ failing Homo Treatment.
' W^UWT\ Bills —Benefits •in a day.
; Men testify from 50 States and Foreign
Countries. Send for Descriptive Book, ex-
planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free. .
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
* NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS
GlGlTOrlOlisO
6000 DOZEN
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S
HANDKERCHIEFS!
To-day we place on Special Sale a Gigantic Purchase of Hand-
kerchiefs at figures that make this A MOST FAVORABLE OPPOR-
TUNITY TO REPLENISH SUPPLIES in this direction for they
were bought at such A PRODIGIOUS DISCOUNT FROM MANU-
FACTURERS' COST that we are enabled to offer them
AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE !
innn GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND) K^
W3\J\J) KERCHIEFS, regular price ?1 50 per dozen, will be offered at > «C
Dozen ( ) Each
1 (\f\f\ ( GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND-) £1,»
J.UUIM KERCHIEFS, regular price $2 per dozen, will be offered atV O4C
Dozen ( ..........). Each
OfiA ( GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND-) r?i_
OUU. KERCHIEFS, regular price $2 50 per dozen, will be offered at } «2v5
Dozen ( ........... : j Each
7A A (GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND-) 1A«
I \J\J } KERCHIEFS, regular price $3 per dozen, will be offered at > 1"C
Dozen ( ; 1...,. '. ...;. j Each
7 AA (GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND- ) 1
I\J\J) KERCHIEFS, regular price $3 50 per dozen, will be offered at .' 12213
Dozen ( ) Each
QAA (GENTLEMEN'S COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED HAND-)1K / ;
OUU J KERCHIEFS, regular price U per dozen, will be offered at } lOC
Dozen ( . ) Each
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
1000 (LADIES' WHITE EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, regular) X,»
IUUU J price $1 50 per dozen, will be placed on sale at..... >■ 00
Dozen ( ) Each
EMBROIDERIES AT HALF PRICE !
5000 \ EMBROIDERIES ' regular price 10c a yard, will be placed on sale at} K«
Yards ■I.".".*;!.'.'".!;!;"-.'.'." !!!!.'."."."! ."."."."."!.'.".'!!.'.'■.'.".'.".'.' ":. ? .'f Yard
/g/m^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ inbt Street, corner ol Jones, /
eiu3^3Sr FtiAKTOISOO.
BIG REDUCTION 111 RATES BY RAIL '
....T0.... ■■• " '. . -
PORTIiANp, GJI.
THURSDAY , ..MAY. 28,
And- Every Fifth Hay Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
AP f| «— Including Berth in Pullman Tour. !
Oi U II Ist Sleeper.
• ....ALSO.... '
First-class tickets, including berth In ffl«"| A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. <tiDXv
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*- !
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba j
sold or baggage checked to such points.
gjtf~ Through Tickets for Fusee Sound
Points on Sale at Reduced Rates.
For further information auply at
618 MARKET STMKKT (Grand Hotel "i '
Ticket Office), San Francisco. •
RICHARD GRAY, T.H.GOODMAN,
. Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO3H»AJfT.
(PACIFIC SVBTEM.> (
trains leave »n<l »■■<» duo lo arrive at
.SAN n:t\(is(o. ;'
lxavb — Fro if May 3, 1806. — - Aitniv
•6:00 a Niles, Ban Jon anil \Vay Stations... »:45a
7:(JOa Atlantic Express, Ojnlen and i:ast.. ' 8:-i3l«
7:0Oa lienickv, Vacavilie, Uumsey. Sacra- -
mento, and Redding via Davis. . . . S:43p
7sooa. Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Kosa.... 6:lSp
. 8:!IOa Niles, Ban .lose, . Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, Red Ulufl
■' ' and Sundays ezceptedOrorille.... 4:15p
•8:30.\ Peters and Miltou «7:13p
SiOUa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa.
Barbara anil l.os Angeles; 4:43p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton lO'ISa
S:OOa Vallejo 6:15p
l:OOi» Niles, San Jose and Livormore 8:15 a
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers ' *J>:OOp
:!!Op Port Costa and Way Stations........ t":-J»P
4:Uoi> Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo, -
Napa.. (;.i!mto£a. J)l Vorauo and
Scuta liosa ;• 9:15 a
*:—t Bcnicia, Vaeavme, . Woodland,
Knights ' Landing, M»rysville,
<>ro?iilo and .Sacramento 1«:45a
4:3«p Nilo-«, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton'. '. 7:15r
4:SOp Merced, Borenda. Raymond (for
Ycccmito) end Fresno 11:44*
S:Mr Now Orleans lixprcs3,Freino.Bakers-
_ ; tlelil, Santa T<arbara,lios Angeles,
, . Beming, El Paso, Now Orleans and
• East I*:lSa
5:00p SauU Pa Route, Atlantic Express
f or Mojaie ami East 10:15 a )
S:BOpVaUejo .; 11:13* |
6:O«i- T'uropcan Mail, Oaileti and Kast.... 9:45 a
6:OOp 11 ay irords, Nile* and San Jose 7:45 a
}?:0»l> Vallejo f7:45p
7:00r Orcsou Impress, Sacramento, JVlar.a-
-• - #llle, Raiding, Portland, Ptiget
Sound anil Kast 16:45 a
SANTA < UtZ DIVISION (Narrow Hauirej.
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
' and Principal Way Stations ' JBi»sp
S:I 5a Newark, Cuutcvvi l io.Sau. lose.
' Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations sis»p
•t:lSp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New : - ' . . «•
Aluiadcn, Fclton, lloulder Creole, ; ,
Santa Cruz and - Principal .Way
Stations .....«lltB»A
4:18r Newark. Ban Jose and Los ( ia105. . . . 0:50 a
COAST 111 VISIOM (third JtTownscinl St«.)
•6:43 a. San Jose ami Way .stations (New
■ Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... •1:43p
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for Sau Jose, ,
. ■;. Smta Cruz, ; Facifio Grove, and
- ■ Principal Way Stations tBx33p
■:13a San Jnso, Tres Pinos, .Santa Crtii:,
■ • Paciiio Grove, PaHO Rnblcs, San
J.ni.i Oiiispo. Guadalupo and Prin-
cipal Way StnMon.i :.."..... 7jOsp
Jo:47a Palo Alto and Way Statiocs.. t» :43p
MI:4<»A Hau Joso unit Way Stations.... 5:Oop
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... S:3op
•2:3orSan .lose, Gilroy, Tres Vivas, Santa
.- ■ ,• Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
Grovo »10:4Oa
. •H::t»p Ban Jose amt Principal Way Stations U:47a '
•4:30p San Jose auil Way 5tati0u5.... ...... *»:oOa
•• 5:30p 8,111.1 oso and Way Stations «»:48a
■ Q:3Oi> San Jose and Way Stations O::15a
t11:43p San Josoand Way 5tati0n5......... t~:4oi'
WAX LKAJiIHiO AM) lIAIfWAIU).S Loi:aL.~ j
t 6:OOA 1 . • ( 7:15 a !
8:OOa (!»:!.» a
lS'Sot Helr..e, Seminary Park, VilJba
"!oop ?ntehb«f,SM'l«widt» ft£g
3:0 Op I __a 4:15p
4:00p f • ana i 3 Sp .
O:00p - H«TwarH« GflOp. i
BtSOr H«ywar«B. TrfOp ;
I 7:«0p 8:1 -ip I
fi:OOp ,->'.. . . „_ "..>!■
I O:00p •' Runs through to Niles. lo .-jop
ttll:lsp J tFromNileg. ' ' \ ttlS:»Or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAH FRANCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:C0 11:00 a.m. . }1:00 '2:00 $3:00
■ •4:00 > t5:00 ..•S:oop.m.
from OAKLAND— Foot of Bread way.— • ? - # 6:00 . 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *l:00 t2:00 •3:00 ti:00
■ *3:00 p.M. ■..■..-■.■■.;, ->•»• '.--•■■■:; -■■■.v
'"•'-'.; A for Morning. : . ".■ P for Afternoon.
• Sundays oxceptod. -■ . 1 Saturdays only.
• t Sundays only. ■ -' ■■-■; ■••,-■■
_ it Moadox. Thursday vu\ Saturday nishts onl&. ._
: RAILROAD TRAVEL:
sIFMCISCO&KORTepI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot or Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael. \
WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00, 11:00 A.M.- 12-33
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips ac 1:50
and 11:30 P. m. .
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00,6:20 p.m. .
San Kafaet to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A it.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trtpi
at 1 :55 P. m. and 6:35 p. m. - ■
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:35, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40,
5 :00, 6 :25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. . . ■
lje * ye ~ m nnoKt Arrive
San Francisco. A prii2, San Francisco.
Wkkkl Sim- Tjestfnatlon Sax- I Wbkk '■
Days..! days, destination. PAYB- | DaY9-
-7:30 am j 7:30 am I Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm, 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 pm i 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
~~ Fulton, . ... ...„::
7:30 am ■ Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdshnrg,
Geyservllle, -
3:30 pm 7:30 am Clovordale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pleta, • j • ; . : ,
7:30 am Hopland & i 10:10 am
3:30 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 ■ .•, 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm 1 ■
3:30 pm I I ■•'•.-. j 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma • 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm and | 6:05 pm! 6:15 pm
- ■ I [ Glen Ellen.' | ■' |
7:30 AM 7:30 AMI hll . , 110:40 am 10:10 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| ."eoMtopoi. j 6;05 6:15 p *
Stages connect at Santa Kosft for Mark West
Springs ; at Geyserville for Ska^scs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i.abeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart! ett Springs; at
TJktah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Luke. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Lierley's, Bncknell's, San-
hedrin Heights, Hullville. Booueville. Green
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino. City, Fort
Brag?, Westport, Usal, WUlets. Cahto, Cove!o
Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Bafael at half rates. ■
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bnlldlng.
H. C WHITING, B. x. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic -^SilSili*^
Pscif ic
RAILKOAD
Trains leave from and arrive fcSlflKtft. VTj
at Market-Street Ferry. |fe!rSsw^oUTtnt
santa FE express-
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to, Chicago
via Kansas City without change. : Annex cars tor
Denver and St. Louis. FE KOUTi EXCUR-
The PoiU ar HA-vTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New raits, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room*. , ■' ••; v
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
, Chronicle Building.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). ",'
from San Francisco, Commenrlng March 29, 1899.
• - - WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7 :00, «Boo
*9:16 10515, 11:45, A. M.: »1:45, SSCO, 4:18,
6:16, *b:OU. ti:3s p. m.
Extra trips for San - Rafael on Mondays, W*dM»
- aaysand Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
• ' ■■. .:■ •'SUNDAYS. ■••■' ••'■-' ■ ' '- ■: - :
Tor Mill Valley and Sen Rafaal-*8:00 1 »9:00,
•10:00,11:30 a. m.;*»lJ:Bj. -1:30, »2:15, *4:CO,
: 6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. M. Exirtt trip to Buusalttoat
11:00 a. m.
Trains marked * run to San Qnentln. **13180
*. M. does net run to Mill Valley.
. 'V THROUGH TRAINS. - ..,,'
1:46 p. M. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
8:00 a. m. — Cazaclero and way stations
»v«0 a, v. »suniUy,-roiui Bejes ana wajratMioak
910
HARD AT WORK
TO BEAT FOOTE,
Democratic War for Blood
in Alameda
County.
OPPOSITION OF DAGGETT
Trying to Get Revenge With
the Help of the Rail
road.
OLD GRIEVANCES ARE REVIVED
Mint Employes Are Actively Assist
ing in Preparing Full
Club Rolls.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 27. J
The weather is of no higher temperature
than the contest between the Democratic
cohorts of Alameda County. The present
fight is an exceedingly pretty one and has
brought out all the liness and tact that the
master politicians who are handling itcun
command.
Stripped of all verbiage and told in a
sentence the fight is anything to prevent
W. W. Foote from going as a delegate to
Chicago.
There are a hundred or more sidelights
ana grievances and personalities thrown
around the central object, but the main
point to be fought out at the primary to
be held in this county on the sth of June
is whether John Daggett is stronger in
Oakland and its environments than \V.
W. Foote. It has been called a fight be
tween Prison Director R. M. Fitzgerald
and M. J. Laymance, chairman of the
county committee, and a dozen otner
cloaks have been thrown over it, but when
bedrock is reacned the right is between
Foote and Daggett, both of whom are
anxious to be United States Senator.
It is the current chapter of the old Stock
ton convention rumpus of many years
ago, when Foote was on the Railroad Com
mission, and which resulted in Daggett
being read out of the party by his political
opponents. For several years after that
Daggett wa» lost to the world politically
while energetically employed in searching
for jrold in his Siskiyou mines. While
Daggett was absent from the front Foote
built up an anti-monopoly record which
he has since maintained.
Closely allied with Mr. Foote through
out has been William D. English and his
friends in Alarueda County, including
Postmaster J. J. White, P. E. Dalton, ex-
Sheriff McKilikan, ex-Senator Frank J.
Mothrt, M. J. Laymance and others.
Supporting Mr. Dassett are John P.
Irish, John R. Glasscock, R. M. Fitzger
ald and F. A. Fletcher, who is supposed to
be the representative of Collector Welborn.
Mr. Foote is a candidate for the' Rational
Convention and has a very strong hold on
the political heart of Alameda Connty's
Democracy. Daggett realized this, and* as
soon as he was installed in the Mint he
carried the war into Foote's district 'and
bestowed patronage where it would be
most valuable. rJven now some of Dag
gett's friends have expressed their inten
tion to vote lor Foote, but a3 they intend
to couple their support of Foote with that
of John Daggett and John P. Irish their
friendship for W. W. Foote is decidedly
neutral.
The lir.es are more evenly drawn in the
contest for district delegate. The friends
of Daggett and Irish are advancing R. M.
Fitzgerald, while the friends of Foote and
English are strongly for M. J. Laymance,
who is chairman of the Democratic County
Committee. Although the fight between
Fitzgerald and Lavmance is all that is
heard it is well understood. that behind it
is the old contest between Foote and Dag
gett.
Mr. Laymance's friends control the
Democratic committee, and at a special
meeting held a lew evenings ago R, M.
Fitzgerald was put forward by his friends
as a candidate for delegate at large.
Foote's friends declared that the Mint
employes had been working tooth and
nail to beat him, and as a keen fight
was expected there was the biggest County
Committee meeting ever held here, neces
sitating an adjournment to a larger hall.
The Laymance cohorts nad not been say
ing much, but they had also been working
like Trojans, and when tbe time came
they presented their programme, which
was adopted by a small majority, and they
then put forward as the candidate for
delegate at large W. W. Foote, and he
was elected.
One of the local grievances against John
Daggett is that he was rescued from
political obscurity and pat in the Mint
solely through the efforts of the late Sen
ator Stanford and as a balm for the
wounds he received at the Stockton con
vention. This report has been zealously
denied by Daggett's friends, but it fa
generally believed to be true in this
county, and color is given to its trath by
the fact that his appointment was op
posed by Congressman James G. Maguire
and Senator Stephen M. White.
As was only to be expected Superin
tendent Daggett was anxious to get even
with his political enemies who tempo
rarily secured nis repudiation by his
party. The first scalps he wanted were
those of tbe Alameda Democratic contin
gent, notably Foote, English and Moffitt.
Actual hostilities commenced two years
ago, when Moffitt was delegate at-large
from this county to the San Francisco
convention. This displeased Dapgett and
a fight commenced before the assembling
of the convention to prevent Moffitt being
elected chairman of is delegation. The
fight was quite excitine and both factions
were at fever heat lor some days. Eventu
ally Moffitt was elected, but the light did
not ena there. Two years have rolled
away and now all the old antagonism has
been revived. Foote's head i& up, Dag
jiett's scalpinp-knife is out and the co
horts are tumbling over themselves in
their efforts to strengthen their respective
wiugs.
In the Sixth Ward, which is tbe banner"
Democratic ward, there are six employes
of the Mint. All are workinir to deteat
the chances oi Foote and Laymance. In
the Third Ward there js an enrollment on
the club roli of 200, and as there are only
about 300 Democrats in the ward, and as
there are five or six days yet to hear from,
there will be a very full enrollment, an :,
consequentl.Vj a very lively light at the
primaries.
Daggett certainly has everything his
own way in the First Ward, and as this
is pre-eminently a railroad ward the Foote
men are making the most of the point in
volved, as Daggett's influence witti the
railroad is presumed to be potential. It
is said that Daggett has a block of passes
at t c Mint, and that lie has invited a lot
of strolling delegates to Oakland.
W. B. White is the candidate of the
Foote wing. He is the eon of the post
master arid a hard fighter. The Daggett-
Fitzgerald wing has nominated John Mc-
Donald, and he also is actively at work.
The rumor is in circulation that Lay
mance is a member of the A. P. A., but he
denied this positively this afternoon and
said it was a canard circulated to create a
prejudice against him in ceriain quarters.
Laymance say 9he is with Foote upon the
A. P. A. question and wonders if there can
be any question aa to how Mr. Foote
stands. Nevertheless the story is being
worked with some effect against Lay*
mance.
Mr. Foote lives in the Third Ward, and
it is believed that a body blow can be
dealt him if the candidate who favors his
aspirations to be a National delegate most
can be downed.
Altogether it is a very interesting con
dition of affairs, and whether Foote will
be downed in his own home and given
only negative support or upheld and given
a positive support remains to be deter
mined on the sth of next month.
The enroliment in the various ward,
closes on Monday evening next, when per
baps a fair estimate of the outcome may
be made.
LOCAL LABOR UNIONS.
The Metal-Roofer* "Want a Charter.
After a Tool Thief.
In all probability tbe Metal-roofers'
Union will soon become a branch of the
International Metal-roofers' Union ot New
York. Tbe local organization is now in a
very prosperous condition, and it is be
lieved that by obtaining a charter from the
international body it will add to its
strength and standing. This idea has
beep encouraged by the Cornice-makers'
Union, which in fact is a part of the same
trade.
Last evening a committee of the cornice
makers called upon tbe metal-roofers to
further discuss this matter. In the very
neaf future a metal-roofers' business agent
will be appointed, who will act entirely
independent of the walking delegates of
ths Building Trades Council. On June 20
the union will give a social and dance at
927 Mission street.
At the meeting of the Granite-cutters'
Union last evening resolutions were passed
condemning the employment of the Pre
sidio band in preference to musicians who
earn their living by their profession.
Some time ago a young fellow stole a lot
of tools from a carpenter, wiio seriously
felt their loss. The case was heard before
Police Judge Campbell, who was inclined
to be lenient and let the young thief off
easily. In fact, sentence was postponed
lor thirty days, which looks as though he
would escape entirely, unless he should
steal something else in the interim.
Last evening, at the meeting of the Dis
trict Council of Carpenters and Joiners,
Judge Campbell's merciful inclinations
were unfavorably discussed. A committee
was appointed to call upon the Judge and
request that the law be enforced in this
instance as a warning to hundreds of other
thieves who infest this city and make a
living by stealing mechanics' tools.
POMPAOGUR JIM COMING
The Ex-Champion Pugilist Will
Soon Be in San Fran
cisco.
Jim Corbett and His Wife Will Be
• Here for Three Weeks With
H s Family.
Ex-champion and present claimant of
the heavy-weight championship Jim Cor
bett has signified his intention of once
more visiting his native heath.
This intention on his part has been con
veyed to the members of his family in
this City, and his brother Frank has
secured the best suite of rooms, facing on
Market street, in the St. Nicholas Hotel.
The arrival of "Pompadour Jim" and
his wife may be looked for on or about
June 5. So far Corbett's home coming has
been kept rather quiet by Jhe members of
his famiiy. Even tne sporting boys around
his brother's headquarters are still in ig
norance of the treat that is in store for
them when his presence is made suddenly
known by his appearance in their midst.
This modesty on the part of the Corbetts
can hardly be accounted for when every
action of Jim had been wired across the
continent.
It may possibly be that as Corbett is no
longer the recognized boss of the prize
ring, and that his beloved belt has encir
cled the loins of Aboriginal Fitzsimmons,
there are no laurels to be woven around
Jim's brow by the lovers of the manly art.
His visit, however, will not be prolonged
over a few weeks, as the elegant rooms se
cured for him have only been engaged for
the limited period of three weeks.
What his plans are or where he will next
honor by his presence is not known, but in
all probability he will go East, as that cli
mate is more congenial to him than that
of his native city.
WANTED IN LOS ANGELES.
I. F. Ramacciottt Arrested on a Charge
of Forgery.
I. F. Ramacciotti was arrested in Oak
land yesterday by Captain Wilson and De
tective Anthony, and was brought across
the bay and locked up in the "tanks" in
the City Prison. He is wanted in Los
Angeles for forgery.
No particulars of the forgery were given
in the dispatch, and Ramacciotti, who
tried to hide his identity by saying his
name was Emerson, said it was a matter
of $25, and was all a mistake. He has re
cently been engapod as a traveler for the
well-known St. Louis brewers. Anhenser
& Bnsch, but it is not known whether the
forgery is in connection with them.
Since January last three warrants have
been out here for Ramacciotti's arrest,
two of them for forgery and the other for
obtaining goods by false pretenses.
Bernard Donnelly, grocer, Bush and Fill
more streets, is tbe complaining witness
in one of the forgery cases. He accuses
Ramacciotti of passing a iorged check for
$21 50 upon him. In the other forgery
case tbe complaining witness is Grocer
Myers, on the corner of Ninth and Mission
streets, and he accuses Ramacciotti of
passing a forged check for $10 upon him.
He learned that these warrants were out
and left the City.
Captain Lees will let Chief Glass have
him, but if he is not convicted' in Los
Angeles ho wiJl be brought back here to
stand his trial on the three charges
against him.
Ramacciotti is well known in this City
and has held various positions of trust,
but on more than one occasson was found
wanting.
GRONLUND TALKS.
He Lectured Last Evening Before the
Socialist Labor Party.
Liberty Branch, Socialist Labor party,
held a well-attended mass-meeting last
night at the Turk-street Temple, Comrade
Fred Fellerman presiding.
■ Atter an overture by John Lee and a
short address by the chairman, Laurence
Gronlund, the. speaker of the evening,
was introduced. After giving an account
of his work in . the Northwest, where he
has been lecturing in the interests of the
Fabian Socialist Society, he gave a clear
and interesting illustrative lecture on the
advantages to the public welfare and pros
perity that socialism would bring about
by promoting: the general freedom as well
as individuality, of the citizen.
Short speeches were also delivered by
Dr. J. D. O'Brock, Max Leitnus, Theodore
Lynch and others.
• Toe meeting closed by the singing of the
"Marseillaise" by the audience.
St. Peter's I'arUh Picnic.
Bt. Peter's parish picnic at El Campo Tues
day was one of the largest and most enjoyable
outings held on a week day this year. A no
ticeable feature was the absence of the bale of
liquors both ou steamer and the grounds. It
was entirely a family affair. All enjoyed
themselves, and nothing occurred to mar the
pleasures, of the day. valuable prizes were
awarded for the various games, for which
there were numerous contestants. Tbe prizes
are held by Mr. Cull of 12 Twenty.founh
street lor the winners.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
THE DEMOCRATS
ARE LINING UP,
Gold and Silver Men Are
Getting Their War
Paint On.
COLNON FLAYS DAGGETT
A. J. Clunie Says the NcNab
Programme Would Split
the Convention.
HORACE O. PLATT IS FEANK.
The Rival Local Primaries Which
Will Provide the Fateful Con.
test Are at Hand.
The silver element of the Democratic
party is waking up to tne danger presented
by the industrious operations of the Fed
eral machine, which, with the assistance
of the gold forces generally, is engaged in
a hopeful effort to capture the State con
vention.
Administration leaders will not gener
ally say much tor publication, but they
will privately express confidence that they
will succeed in running the convention,
electing an administration delegation to
Chicago, indorsing Cleveland and securing
either a gold or a straddle plank in tbe
platform.
The unorganized silver men all assert
that the party is all for silver by a great
majority and that the convention will
surely declare for silver, but they recog
nize the danger of the assiduous practical
efforts of Daggett and the rest of the Fed
eral brigade. Every delegate possible is
being secured as the selection of delegates
by the various counties proceeds and every
influence possible is being exerted to se
cure proxies.
The situation presents a mixture of
combination". In many cases the financial
issue appears to divide political friends
and to bring together political enemies.
A majority of prominent Democrats
think tnat the gold and silver forces will
divide on this clean-cut issue, and that
amid a stormy time one element or the
other will carry out its complete, radical
programme. Should the battle be of this
uncompromising nature, a-> it is in a num
ber of other States, it may easily split the
party and send contesting delegations to
Chicago. Some, like Surveyor-General
Green, favor a compromise proposition,
but it is not likely that John Daggett will
be bunting compromises or that the strong
free-silver men will, either.
It must not be forgotten that tnere is
vastly more than the money question that
will figure in tbe convention battle. It
will be as much as anything a struggle for
control of the State and tbe local machines.
With many who will shout principles this
will be the only motive. D.iggett, McNab
and Gould are straining every nerve to
secure State Central Committeemen and a
convention chairman that will appoint an
executive committee of their naming.
The prospects are that Gould will sadly be
found to be unavailable and that another
jroid-a<lministration-DaggeU man will be
picked. Members of the Junta are saying
that Gould's selection might put them on
the defensive on the A. P. A. proposition
and the tendency for a stronger, broader
and heavier man is growing.
Then the local party's fortunes are inex
tricably bound up in the fight that Dag
gett and McNab are leading, because con
trol of the local machine, which is to be
handled by McNab and Rainey, is a highly
important part of their programme.
So added bitterness and fury will be
given to the chief convention battle,
which will, in fact, be determined at the
outset by the disposition of the 161 gold
votes and the 161 silver votes from this
Cisy.
The personal ambitions of some big men
are dependent on the financial issue. The
gold faction would not send Maguire,
White or Foote to Chicago, nor would the
silver men send Barney Murphy, E. B.
Pond, Tom Geary or men like these.
McNab turned Maguire down at the
meeting of the Junta campaign committee
the other night in a very clever way.
When the resolution indorsing Maguire
for delegate at large was introduced Mc-
Nab mixed up judicious praise of Maguire
with his bitterly urged point that Maguire
had declared that the other faction was
the regular and legitimate organization.
When the resolution was witbdiawn Mc-
Nab had gone as far as necessary then to
serve Daggett and knock out a silver man.
McNab said that he would support
Maguire for Congress. Many Democrats
wink at this. They know Daggett's bitter
hostility to Maguire, and would nardly
trust a delegation controlled by Daggett
to nominate the man Daggett threatened
to run out of town.
Harbor Commissioner Colnon the other
day opened out on Daggett with his heavy
guns in the following editorial in bis pa
per, the Stockton Mail:
Thk Federal Brigade.— The proof of tbe ex
istence of a conspiracy to stifle the voice ol the
California Deiuocrac y at Chicago is being pre
sented in a very offensive form. The conspira
tors, it is almost unnecessary to add, are re
cruited from tbe ranks of what is known as the
Federal Brigade. Mint Superintendent Dag
gett no longer disguises his purpose to control
if possible the California delegation to the
National Democratic Convention. And for
what is this cross-roads statesman usii.g his
power to coerce and intimidate? For the pub
lic quod? Not a bit of it. His job is to do noth
ing but mischief. He has tbe effrontery to
think that he can commit the Democracy of
California to the political iniquity of declar
ing for the single gold standard.
We believe v will be hardly possible for
Daggett or any fifty men of his caliber, backed
even by all the resources of the Cleveland ad
ministration, to succeed in this wicked and
pernicious undertaking. The people of Cali
fornia are practically unanimous for the free
and independent coinage oi silver. • • •
Who dares, then, to stifle the voice of the peo
ple of California upon this momentous issue?
Daggttt and his little crew of retainers, whose
only desire is to burn incense mirontof the
Stuffed Prophet. Are they to be allowed with
out uny protest to have their way?
Unless the honest men in the Democratic
party are on their guard there is danger that
l)Bggett and his crew may be ablu to perpetrate
this contemplated outrage. Utterly destitute
of any decent political principles they have
started a little game by which they hone to
win. By trying to make everybody believe
that Chris Buckley is the leader oi the free sil
ver men in California and that he has ac
cepted the misuion of leading the bimetallists
from this State at ( hicago, they hope to bring
silv«T into discredit altogether. That is iheir
sole purpose in coupling Buckley's name in
any way with, the question. This fake is too
raw to survive live minutes' investigation.
There is no factional fight at all in Calnornia
over the silver question.
A Democratic htate Convention without
pugnacious A. J. Clunie in the middle of
it would lose much of its thrilling joy.
The convention will see and hear Clunie,
and probably his brother, the ex-Con
gressman, both hot silver men. Clunie
will be a Buckley delegate.
"The party is lor silver and the conven
tion will be for silver," Mr. Clunie de
clared vigorously yesterday. "From all
the information I get from throughout
the State the silver men will be in a large
majority. I admit that if the Junta dele
gation from this City is seated the silver
men might be; in a minority, bnt that
delegation will never be seated. The
people of the State are not
going to carry out the programme
of McNab and Daggett. Our delegation
will Wb the strongest that ever went from
'i is City. It will be headed by Railroad
Commissioner Stanton. Are they going
to turn down a man with the record in the
interest of the party and the people that
he has made? fhave done a goodjleal of
work for tiie party, and I don't propose to
be thrown out by Gavin McNab. Our del
egation is pledged to silver and against
the funding bill, and those will be the
issues in a convention of issues rather
than men. The delegation is pledged,
too, to support Senator White. Con
gressman Maguire and W. W. Foote
for delegates 'at large. Will they be
turned down? I don't think there will be
any compromise on the money question
I am for free silver, and I will stand pa£
on that proposition. Where are the gol a
men going to get a majority? The Junta
gold delegation is not going to vote on its
own contest. No chairman would dare to
put through a programme like that. If it
were done it would disrupt the conven
tion. The gold men could not get a ma.
jority without their 161 from San Fran,
cisco."
Horace Q. Platt is not taking the active
and leading interest in politics he orrce
did, and so when he flashed out a few
bright ideas about the State Convention
yesterday he talked largely on general
principles. The president of the Art As
sociation is one of the delegates from the
"Buckley" regular Democracy to the State
Convention, and he will be there. He says
that it is all a matter of practical politics
among politicians.
"Well, I am not in touch with what is
going on in practical politics and have no
definite impressions as to what the con
vention will d ) with the money question,"
he said yesterday. "I have not been to a
political meeting in four years.
"I don't think that the financial ques
tion has any particular place at the State
Convention. It ought to be referred to
the National Convention. If the conven
tion wants to do something merely be
cause it is popular, as the Republican Con
vention did, it may declare for free silver
and for woman suffrage, but I think that
Colonel Otis was right when he sa.d in an
Eastern interview that California is not
a silver State. They mar possibly vote for
free silver, as the Republicans did for
woman suffrage, because it would please
people and be tbe easiest way out, but I
don't think that many of the same men
will vote for woman suffrage when they go
to the polls.
"The people have got the idea Jhat they
want silver because they have read in the
newspapers that gold is favored by t ;e
bankers and bondhold rs; that it would
be easier to pay their debts in silver, and
co on, bnt not many of them understand
the thing. I confess that I do not.
and I have studied the question
diligently. I am not certain what
would be the effect of the silver
experiment. I think that ninety-nine
men out of a hundred are in my position.
I do not see how by getting behind silver
and boosting it you can give It an arti
ficial life not resident in the thine itself.
Trade controls law rather than the con
verse. I do not say that sixteen ounces
of silver should not be worth one of gold,
but I am not prepared to say that it
must be.
"But the merits of the controversy are
not going to cut much ice at the conven
tion. The issue will be a cloak fora reach
ing for political power. That is the main
thing. The honest issue is practical poli
tics. Men will arrange them serves largely
according to the bearing of the issue on
their political advantages. You know, a
man in office is different from a man out
of office. The perspective changes, so I
can make no prophecies about the conven
tion. The outcome will depend on tne
combinations that will be worked."
Surveyor- General W. S. Green believes
that the convention will indorse Cleve
land's financial policy and he is out for
the original compromise platform plank
presented in The Call yesterday.
"Cleveland's iinanemi policy will be in
dorsed," he said yesterday. "That policy
has kept in circulation 23 "per cent of sil
ver, 31 per cent of gold and the rest paper,
and I don't see why anybody can't indorse
that. That is great'statesmanship. I think
that both sides will be willing to com
promise on some such resolution us mine.
Several silver men have said to me that
they would be willing to do so. Either
side would be foolish not to compromise.
Parties are made up of compromises. I
am a radical gold man, but I "am willing
to compromise. I don't know how the
interior is lining up on the issue. My
county of Colusa has eight delegates, and
I understand that they are evenly divided.
"I don't think tb-it any party man
ought to withhold an indorsement for
personal reasons, and I believe that both
Olevt land and Build will be indorsed. I
don't know anything about this local
contest. I would rather, try to learn the
Chinese language than San Francisco
politics. 1 have no idea what the country
will do about it. There is one thing at
least that the convention will do with
unanimity and a whoop, and that is
adopt an anti-A. P. A. plank."
Joseph Leggett, the' law partner of Con
gressman Maguire, believes that it will be
a silver convention, and is doubtful about
Maguire's being on hand.
"I have received no intimation from
Mr. Maguire as to when he will return,"
said Mr. Leggett yesterday. '"He will stay
until the end to "watch the funding bill,
and has written me that Congress will
probably adjourn between the 10th and
15th of June. That will hardly give him
time to tet here for the convention.
"I think that the silver element will
control the convention. It is the pervad
ing sentiment of the party in this State.
How far it will be controlled by other in
fluences I cannot say. The Federal brigade
is making a hard fight, but they are in a
difficult position, for many have silver
records behind them, aud it will be seen
that the change is due to exterior influ
ences. They are trying to please the ad
ministration rather than voice their real
sentiments.
"The only question is, Are we to be
Michiganized? If we had a steady silver
leader, like Altgeld of Illinois, they would
not be able to capture the organization in
this State, and it will be a strange out
come if they do. T.e local contest may
control the convention, of course. The
general impression seems to be that the
Junta delegation will be seated, but it is
impossible to foresee how the local squab
ble will eventuate."
RIVAL PRIMARIES.
The Buckley Election To-Night
and the Junta's
Next.
The Buckley primary for the election o!
State Convention delegates will be hold to
night and a similar primary of the Jun ta
will follow to-morrow night
With both sides the election is little
more than a formal ratification of the
nominations recently made, as there will
be contests in very few districts. The
Buckleyites have apportioned nearly all
the delegates to the districts, there being
but one delegate at large — Railroad Com
missioner James 1. Stanton. All tbe dele
gates are pleged to silver and to opposition
to the funding bill.
The headquarters of the Buckley General
Committee on Market street was a busy
scene last evening. District representa
tives crowdeJ in lor their printed ticKets
and election outfits, which were given out
by Secretary D. M. Gavigan. Thie faction
will probably see contesting tickets in the
Thirty-fourth, Thirty-sixth and Thirty
eichth Districts.
At the Junta primary 108 delegates will
be elected altogether, the campaign com
mittee having named fifty-three delegates
at large. Of tnese Gavin McNab named
twenty-three directly and more indirectly
through the members of the committee,
who submitted for approval from one to
five names each. These delegates at large
are dubbed the "High Joints" in the
Junta. McNab arraneed for them
that this delegation might look
fair and strong. McNab's "High Joints"
will make up the front files of the delega
tion, and their names will be displayed
with a "Look there!"
The name of James D. Phelan, McNab's
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
candidate for Mayor, comes first, and B.
B. Pond ana Georee T. Marye follow, the
names from the Twenty-eighth coming
far down the line.
There will be one contest at the Junta
primary. That will be in the Twenty
eighth District and will be a hot reminder
of old times. The "regular" ticket is con
trolled by Secretary John F. McGovern
and Campaign Committeeman Tierney.
The opposition comes from Jack Welcb,
Samuel Hayes and the rest of the Rainey
crowd who have been shut out in that par
ticular district for local reasons. As the
reenlar ticket will be looked after by the
election officers, the outcome is already
settled.
SALT LAKE'S CHAMPION.
Arrival of Big Jim Williams— Hawkins
vfi-t-jV. and Ziegler.
Jim Williams, the champion heavy
weight' pugilist of Utah, who is matched
to box Tom Sharkey at the National Ath
letic Club's exhibition on the evening of
June 2, arrived yesterday afternoon from
Salt Lake City. Williams is a big, strap
ping fellow, and from his appearance one
would think that he had lived In the
mountains all of his life. He looks very
bucolic, but according to his record he cer
tainly must be a rather hard game to
tackle. He says that be will finish his
training at Sausalito, and will fight Shar
key at 170 pounds. Williams has been
training in Salt Lake for tbe past
month. When he last visited this City, a
few years ago, he was taken sick while
training for his contest with Charley
Turner, and on this occasion he took pre
cautions against sickness and trained at
his home.
Williams has a very good opinion of
Sharkey, but he is very confident that the
hard-hitting champion of the navy will
meet his Waterloo in June.
Z:egler and Hawkins are said to be in
first-class condition for their fight, which
will take place this evening. The betting
on tbe match is not very lively, although
several offers were made oh the contest re
sulting in a draw. Hawkins is desirous of
proving to the public that he can whip
Ziegler, and to a friend he said yesterday
that he will be the most surprised man in
ti.e People's Palace if Ziegler will stay the
pace he intends to cut out until the gong
sounds the finish of the bout. Ziegler has
very little to say of the match. He ex
pects to win, of course, and will give the
spectators "a run for their money," so he
says. "' ■' - __^__^^_^_
READY FOR MEMORIAL DAY
Where the Divisions Will F orm
and When the Column
Will Move.
Floral Offerings Ample to Decorate the
Grave of Every Soldier — Protests
Against Desecration.
The general Memorial day committee
of the Grand Army of the Republic con
vened last evening at 3)20 Sansome street,
to make final arrangements for the ob
servance of the day in San Francisco.
A communication was read from the
Board of Supervisors accepting the invita
tion. TMe Supervisors sent word that they
would provide their own conveyances.
Captain Sumner, U. S. N., of tbe Mo
nadnock, accepted an invitation to attend.
Word was received that Admiral Beards
lee, U. S. N , might not be able to be
present.
The committee on finance, H. T. Hob
bert, c:. airman, reported that all the
money needed wou Id be forthcoming.
The grand marshal, Theodore Vincent
Brown, presented an elaborate report, giv
ing the order of parade as follows:
Mounted Police.
Hon. P. Crowley, Oiler of Police.
Klfle Battalion of Police.
Comrade Theodore V. Brown, grand marshal.
Major Charles J. Evans, chief aid.
Alds-ComrK'.e B. Hayes, t»r. C. L. Heller, Dr. W.
A. Melerdiercics, T. V. Brown Jr., David Buck,
R. C. Brown, J. a. McGee. Frank Handley.
FIRST DIVISION.
Band First Infantry, U. S. A.
Battalion First Infantry. V. Ik a., Captain J. J.
O'Conuell commanding.
Company C, JLieutenant F. O. Fetris commanding.
Company D, Captain M. P. Maus commanding.
Company X, Lieutenant 8. A. Cloman, com
manding.
Company F, Captain C. U. siarr, commanding.
Light Battery F, Fifth Ariillery, U. s. a., Cap
tain Charles Morris command. ng
Band United States steamer Philadelphia.
Battalion sailors and marines. United States
steamer Philadelphia and Monadnock.
Llenteaant-Commauiier K. R. ingersoll command
ing.
Naval Battalion, N. O. C. , Lieutenant-Commander
L. U. Turner commanJing.
Signal Corps. Second Brigade, N. v. C, Captain
U. C. Bo&rdman commanding. -
First Troop Cavalry, Second Brigade, N. G. C,
First Lieutenant C. A. Jenks commanding.
SECOND DIVISION.
Comrade James Klernan, marshal.
Aids— Comrades Abraham Loan. S. M. Carr,
Thomas Wilson, l-.dward Walsh.
Veteran Firemen's band.
Union Veteran Lrgiun No. 189, Colonel J. H.
Harding commamil.ig.
Fair Oaks Vamp No. 15, Sons of Veterans;
Captain C s. Howard, commanding.
ranby Garrison No. Hi, U< guiar Army and
Navy Union.
First Regiment L?aitne of tbe Croas Cadets:
Colonel NY. ('. Mahoney, commanding.
First Battalion, Major I). J. McUlotn.
Second Battalion, Mnjor J. Biouchoud.
Officers of ;he Deutsche Krieger Verain.
THIRD DIVISION.
Comrade J. H. Klley, marshal.
Aides— Comrades M. J. Collins, 8. W. Carpenter,
A. B. Lionne ly.
Veteran Firemen's band.
Veterans Mexican war; 8. J. Locp, president.
ORAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
Department Commander T. C. Masteller and
staff.
Lincoln Post No. 1, Comrade H. W. Mortimer,
commander.
Gunk-Id Post No. 34, R. It. Klilgore, com
mander.
Colonel Cass Post No. 46, Comrade John O'Neill,
commander.
General G. G. Meade Post No. 48, Comrade John
F. Uoggin, commander.
Liberty Post No. 133, Comrade W. J. Parke,
commander.
Disabled veterans.
Kear-Admlral L. A. Beardslee. TJ. S. N., and
staff.
President of the day, Comrade H. W. Mortimer.
Chaplain, Comrade Elbert R. Dille.
Oraior, Comrade J. H. Macomber, Chaplain
U. 8. A.
Poet, Mrs. Lilian i'lnnkett-Ferguson.
Reader, L. Alver French.
Board of Supervisors.
Board of Health.
Board of Kducatton.
Floral wagons.
German Hospital ambulance.
The aids will assemble at the Palace Hotel,
mounted, not later that 9:15 a. m.
Participating organizations will assemble
not later than 9:45 a. m. at their respective
rendezvous as follows :
Battalion of oolice, on south side of Market
street, between Keale and Fremont.
United States troops, on Davis street, right
resting ou Market.
United States seamen and marines and
Naval Battalion, on Front street, right resting
on Market.
National Guard troops, on Fremont street,
right resting on Market.
Second division, on First street, right resting
on Market.
Third division, at the Palace Hotel on New
Montgomery street.
The parade will start promptly at 10 a. m.
The line of march will be out Market street to
Golden Gate avenue, thence to Van Ness ave
nue and up Van Ness.
The column will be reviewed at the corner
of Van Ness avenue and Turk street. After
passing in review the escort (rirst and second
divisions) will form in line on the east side of
Van Ness avenue, facing west, and present
arms while the posts ot the G. A. R. pass by.
When the last post has marched past the
parade is dismissed. By order of
T. V. Brown, Grand Marshal.
Majoe Charles J. Evans, Chief Aid.
The committee on programme. Comrade
Kilgore, chairman, submitted the follow
idg order of exercises to be conducted
under the direction ot Harry W. Morti
mer, commander of Lincoln Post No. 1
and president of the day.
Minute Guns Battery F
Fifth United States Artillery, Captain V. Morris
Music Veteran Firemen's band
Pray" Rev. K. R. Dllle
Selection... National <Juartet
W. D. Howe, A. D. Parrlser, W. C. Howe,
James Geary.
Remarks H.W.Mortimer. President of the day
Kiln coin's Gettysburg Address . L. A Ivor French
Music By the band
•Poem (original) Lillian Plunkett-Ferguson
Oration Key. J. H. Maoomoer, XJ. S. A.
"Soldiers' Farewell" .National Quartet
Diree Bythe baud
Strewing graves with flow era by comrados
Parting -aline Lincoln Post Firing Pary
Benediction Bey. E. R. D :ie
Tap* Bugier T. P. Canham, Post No. 1
The foregoing was adopted.
Tbe committee on decoration reported
that flowers in abundance had been pro
vided and that every old soldier's grave
would be decorated.
A letter was read from P. R. Lynch of
Bt. James' Church, saying that the congre
gation had been requested to contribute
flowers. The chairman Said the letter was
a sample of fifteen others of a similar
character. * »
Comrade Wharff protested against tne
desecration, of Memorial day by picnic
festivities, ana a resolution protesting
against, the outings of the Ancient Order
of Hibernians, the Sons of St. George and
tbe Caledonian Club on tnat day was
adopted.
Comrade J. J. Lyon, secretary of the
general committee, introduced a resolu
tion reciting the impressive ceremonies at
St. Mary's Church last Sunday evening
and thanking the rector, Rev. H. H. Wy
man, for the recognition. The resolution
was adopted.
The committee adjourned to meet Satur
day evening, June 6, to settle up affairs.
NEW TO-DAY.
Substitute!
Perhaps you will be
offered a substitute for
Scott's Emulsion* Sub-
stitute? There are so
many of them that it
would be laughable if
the question were not a
serious one for you*
There can be no sub-
stitute for Scott's
Emulsion* It differs
from every other emul-
sion in its scientific
preparation* When
Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil with Hy-
pophosphites has been
used for over twenty
years* and when thou-
sands have testified to
its benefit* why experi-
ment with some new
preparation of Cod-
liver Oil* even if you
do save a few cents?
Ask your Doctor which
is the best emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil for you
to take*
jfl m Greatest : ffigfiest Smallest 1
eg Quantity. Quality.; Price._ B
m The largest piece of strictly £
%. high grade tobacco ever sold for i
fj) the price* Not the large size of m
Q the piece alone that has made M
• Q "Battle Ax" the most popular §
Q brand on the market for JO cents/ vg
I QUALITY; SIZE; PRICE. 1
"HE THAT WORKS EASILY WORKS SUC-
CESSFULLY." 'TIS VERY EASY TO
CLEAN HOUSE WITH
SAPOLIO
KEW TO-DAY. '
DOCTOR SWEANY
. No physician in the United States is so
thoroughly equipped and well prepared to
treat the sick and afflicted as this world-
renowned specialist, who is permanently
located at 737 Market street. San Francisco.
With a thorough literary and professional
education, ana with extensive experience
in the practice of Nervous, Chronic and
Private diseases of both sexes, he cures
every curable case in the catalogue of
human ills. He addresses himself in par-
ticular to cases that have baffled the skill
and science of other doctors. His patients
are among the most intelligent citizens of
every trade and profession, including mer-
chants, manufacturers, mechanics, miners,
farmers, laborers, literary and professional
gentlemen, many of whom have exhausted
the skill of their family physicians with-
out obtaining relief. His name 13 a suffi-
cient guarantee of a perfect cure of every
case he undertakes. Consult him. either
in person or by letter, this day. A confi-
dential chat may save you much mental
and physical suffering and add golden
years to your life.
NERVOUS DEBILITY o{ every kind, name
Jlljlif!Fl> Plil>lLltland nature, a spe-
cialty. This distinguished doctor's success in
cases of this character has been really phe-
nomenal. ■ • •
VAI 1 WVX v you are troubled with
lviiilU lilLll, night emissions, exhauting
drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to soci-
ety, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self -con flctence, which de-
Drive you of your manhood and absolutely tin-
fit you for study, business or marriage — if you
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get veil
and be a man. . ~-? '••-
MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEN, : SSSL.SS
of you troubled with weak, achinz backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; ■ iin potency ■ or weakness of
sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs
of nervous ' debility and premature decay.
Many die of - this difficulty, ignorant of tha
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
i'Mlll I lift Mill Diseases, Sores, Spots,
DLUIfU \Mf Mill Pimples, Scrofula.
Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema and
other impurities of tbe blood thoroughly erad-
icated, leaving the system in a strong, pure
and healthful state. ■ ■"•^■\-r / s : >;
mm am tIUnAUI f u i, difficult, too
frequent, milky or bloody urine, unnatural
discharges speedily cured.
PR IV ITU 1 diseases— Gleet. Gonorrhea, Stric-
rilllHlL tures, Syphilis, Hydrocele, Varico-
cele, Tenderness, Swellings, Weakness of Or-
gans, Pile and Fistula. Rupture quickly
cured without pain or detention from business.
f l l Til I* 11 11 which poisons the Breath, Stom-
vill itllllll ach and Lungs and paves tha
way for Consumption, Throat, Liver, Heart,
Kidney, Bladder and all constitutional and in-
ternal' troubles: also Rupture, Piles, Fistula,
i treated far in advance -of any other institution
I in this country.
I lil!2<\ " • ou ftre suffering from persistent
j L.Tl"ir.i> headaches, painful menstruation,
! leucorrhcea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
i placement of the womb, or any other distress-
ing ailment peculiar to your sex, you should
consult DR. Sn'KAXY without delay. He- cures
when others fail.
r!>PP treatment for the POOR who call on
Ml lift Friday afternoons.
WRITF your troubles fully and frankly and
! II It 1 1 ii effective treatment will be sent you,
free from observation, to any part of the coun-
try. Thousands cured at home. Book entitled
j "Guide to Health" sent free to those describ-
| ing their troubles. All communications sa-
i credly confidential. Office hours: 9 till 12
j a. m. and 2 till 5 and 7 till Bp. si. Sundays, 10
I till 12 only. Address
F I QW^AUV II li 737 Market St.,
I. L. Om.flHl,m. U., San Francisco, Cai.SHELL, SKIFF AND
BARGE WILL RACE,
Events to Occur at El
Campo on May
30th.
CHAMPIONS TRAINING.
Some Fine Exhibitions of Skill
and Speed are Prom
ised.
SPECIAL RACE FOR CADETS.
The Programme Arranged by the South
End Rowing Club — Judges,
Starters and Timers.
The racing events under the auspices of
the South End Rowing Club, which are
announced to take place at El Campo,
May 30, will assemble a large crowd of
J. .VARONEY, F. RAPHAEL, T. McDERMOTT. J. DILGES, C. DUNNINOAN,
Bens. Firwardwaist. Cockswain. Afterviaist. Stroke.
SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB JUNIOR CREW.
spectators. The course is a mile and a half
with a turn. Tile events promised are:
Junior single scull.
Senior single scull.
Junior outrigger skiff race.
Senior outrigger skiff race.
Junior four-oared barge.
Senior four-oared barge.
Special races will be arranged by the
South End Rowing Club for companies C,
L and M, of the League of the Cross
Cadets.
The races will begin immediately after
the arrival of the Tiburon boat which
leaves San Francisco at 10 a. m.
The special race arranged for the cadets
will take place on the arrival of the boat
which leaves the City wharf at 1 p. m.
The contest in the senior single-shell
race promises to be enlivening. The en
tries now represent Frank DuDlissea of
the South End Rowing Club, the present
senior champion; William McCausland
of the Ariel Rowing Club, the present
junior champion, and A. G. Brown of the
Stockton Athletic Association. These
champions have been training for the past
two months.
For the junior four-oared barge race the
Olympic Club has entered a crew; the
Stockton Club has also entered and the
San Francisco Athletic Club, the Dolphins
and the South Enders will participate.
The Olympics are training a powerful
crew for this event and the Stockton ath
letes are preparing to make a determined
effort to win.
For the senior barge race, the South
End Club has entered the champion crew,
O.MORRISON, P. QUIRK, E. KANE, FRANK MURRAY, F. DIN AN,
Bow. Forwardwaist. Cockswain. Stroke Aftervoaist.
CREW OF COMPANY M, LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS.
which has won for three years. The San
Francisco Athletic Club will make a special
effort to gain laurels in this contest.
Charles F. Curry, County Clerk, has been
eppointed referee.
The juages are: John Elliott, Olympic
Club; A. H. Melletz, South End Rowing
Club; Daniel Coleman, San Francisco
Athletic Club; Joseph Keenan, Dolphin
Club and James Howland Ariel Club.
Starters — John A. Lenahan, president
South End Rowing Club and William F.
Humphreys, president Pacific Athletic
Association.
Timers— Fred R. Butz, Olympic Club,
sand Edward P. Shortall, South End Row
ngClub.
Marshal of the course— John D. Mahoney,
South End Rowing Club.
The events are sanctioned by the Pacific
Athletic Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Chandler, Chapman and Knapp Go to
Australia— Some Sunday Runs.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a de
lightiul run next Sunday. The members
will take the 9 a. m. Sausalito boat and
wheel to Bhtbedale, in Mill Valley, a dis
tance of only six miles, where they will be
the guests of George P. Wetmore, one of
the members, at his elegant place there.
A similar run was made there this time
last year, and proved one of the best of the
season.
The illuminated wheelmen's parade this
evening at Alameda, in conjunction with
the floral fete for the benefit of the
Women's Hospital, will attract s great
many riders from this City. They will go
over on the 7 o'clock broad-gauge ooat and
assemble at Central avenue and Morton
street, Alameda.
The proposed race meet of the Santa
Ro.sa Wheelmen on May 30 has been aban
doned and the club will come to this City
to assist in making the meet of the Alpha
Cycling Club at Central Park on that day
a success. Ladies will be admitted free at
this meet, league members at the usual
redaction of 25 cents and others at popu
lar prices. The races are entered by the
best men in the two classes, amateurs and
professionals, and the contests will be ex
citing.
The Imperial Cycling Club will have a
run to Alameda to-night to take part in
the floral parade there. Next Sunday the
club will try out some of its promising
riders on the Central Park track. There
will be a members' meeting next Monday
evening.
ixr? ext Saturday evening the Olympic Club
W heelmen will take the river boat to Stock
ton and on Sunday will have a joint run
with the Terminal City Wheelmen of that
place. Captain Fawcett expects lo take
up a large contingent.
Hardy Downing, the crack amateur of
the Garden City Cyclers, will ride as a
professional for the first time next Satur
day. He is a speedy man and will give a
good account of himself.
F. C. Chandler, S. C. Chapman and W.
F. Knapp, three young men well known in
the cycling trade of this City, will depart
on the steamer Monowai for Australia
this afternoon, and a large crowd of local
wheelmen will go down to the dock at 2
o'clock to see them off. Chandler will go
on from there to London to take charge of
his company's interests in the metropolis.
Knapp, who has become renowned as an
announcer at all State race meets, will be
very much missed at these gatherings. He
will be gone about four months.
The Camera Club will have a benefit at
the Tivoli this evening, and the cyclists
have made up large theater parties of their
friends to attend the show. Many novel
ties will be introduced. '
ALL MAY SEE THE FAIR.
Mechanics' Institute Trustees Make
Admission 25 Cents.
At the Mechanics' Institute Fair this
year the price of admission will be only
25 cents.
The reading-room, now in the basement,
will soon be removed back to its old quar
ters in the upper story, opposite the chess
room. This change is to be made in ac-
cordance witn tne expressed wishes of a
large majority of the members.
Trustee Dqolan is arranging for a series
of popular illustrated lectures and he is
also considering the advisability of mak
ing the class instruction, for which a fee is
now charged, free to members.
To add to the popularity of the institute
a monthly bulletin containing a list of the
boons purchased, reference lists and mat
ters of general interest to members will
soon be published.
SAUSALITO IS TO SHINE,
Installation of a Very Complete
Electric-Light Plant
There.
No More to B3 Known as the "Vil
lage of Lanterns"— The Tama!
pais Road.
Sausalito has for years been characterized
as a "village of lanterns." When some
social function is in order, a party at the
Yacht Clnb, or a snpper at Dexter's Narra
gansett Pier, the hillside is dotted with
lanterns, moving like the "will-'o-the
•wisd" along the steep way 9. His lantern
in to the Sausalitan as the steed is to the
Arab, or the mustang to the cowboy of
the plains. With his lantern, he is fearless
and bold, defiant of ruts and scornful of
boulders and pitfalls of every description.
But now the era' of lanterns, unless in
the outlying districts, is over. The plant
is on "Bnelrs lot," a prominent spotin the
center of the village.
The building of the Tamalpais scenic rail
road is progressing; but there is an awful
discord about the wages and the food.
The men are paid ?1 50 a day, and have to
yield 75 cents of this for board. The tales
they tell of the quality of the food are of
the most dire complexion. Therefore
there is a general kick all round, and John
B. Stetson, who was once so enthusiastic
about the project, but who wanted a cable
and not an electric road, laughs in his
grizzly beard. Mr. Stetson went to New
Hampshire, to the White Mountains, to
study the cable methods there; but the
other shareholders outvoted him on his
return. They would have a trolley, and
Mr. Stetson quietly withdrew.
Still the load is progressing, and may
be in operation about the middle of Au
gust, if ihe company can secure men
enough to take the job of building it.
ROADMASTERS' CLAIMS
They Must Be Within the District
Allowance.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the or
der of the lower court in giving judgment
against W. W. Ludy, a roadmaster of
Colusa County, in his suit against the
county for fees for road work. His con
tention was that he had power to keep the
road in good condition, so he employed
men and promised them pay.
The Supervisors refused to allow the de
mands, so Ludy bought them in and sued
upon thorn. The Supervisors claimed he
liad no right to contract bills over and
obove the allowance for bis district, and
both courts took the same view of the case.
«. ■ ♦ — •
An Kxtra Session Called.
Judge Morrow has issued a call for an extra
lessi'm of toe United States District Court to
jonvsne to-day. The presiding Judge expects
to hold "continuous sessions until the new
term, which begins in July.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
A MILLIONAIRE
AND HIS ATTORNEY,
James C. Jordan Counters
With a Claim for
$125,000.
LAWYER MCELROY'S TALE
He First Sued to Collect Fitty
Thousand Dollars
Fees.
SOME OF THE FAMILY ITEMS.
How His Rich Client Alleges That He
Lost Thousands Through
Blundering.
James C. Jordan, the Boston million
aire who was sued for $50,000 attorney's
fees by James P. McElroy, hao opened up
a new set of books on his own account.
At least his answer and cross-complaint
will indicate as much, and the aged attor
ney's eyes can but open in wonder when
he finds that the defendant informs the
court that he is the creditor to the tune of
$125,000 instead of debtor to Mr. MclSlroy
in the sum of $50,000.
Mr. McElroy acted as James C. Jordan's
attorney and confidential adviser during
the years <}f IS9I-92-9S-94. That much is
acknowledged by the Boston millionaire,
coupled with the statement that n« had.
great confidence in his attorney's ability.
In his original complaint the plaintiff Bet !
forth among other charges the item of
$5000 for assisting his client out of a mat
rimonial unpleasantness, and that be
acted as bis counsel in family matters us j
well as in the complicated business affairs
of Mr. Jordan and the Jordan Bituminpus
Rock and Pavinj? Company. But the rest
of that story has Deen told.
Now come* the defendant millionaire
with a charge of $125,000 against his
former attorney. He says that Air. Mc-
Elroy. through his blundering and care
lessness, caused him to lose large sums of
money on various occasions, aggregating
in all to the amount specified. He says
that regardless of the agreemert entered
into between McElroy and himself that he
was to pay the latter $1000 for all services
performed in his behalf, he paid him alto
gether $(3345.
It is further alleged that plaintiff Mc-
Elroy caused defendant to lose $1100 on
two notes. One was for $600 loaned to Mr.
Sinton and the other for $500 given to
Mr. Parker, both commissioners on the
Post-street extension. Both notes were
unsecured, and plaintiff is said to have
convinced Jordan that Post street would
be extended bey ond Central avenue and
through nis (the defendant's) property,
Known as the Jordan tract, nnd that it was
necessary for the commissioners to have
the $1100 in order to carry on the work of
extension.
When Jordan was mixed up in a suit in
volving his tract of land in Wan Francisco
with Carnail, Fitzhuuh, Hopkins & Co. it
is set forth that McElroy advised him to
buy a parcel of land in Oakland for $76,
-000 in order to divert the attention of the
plaintiffs and make them believe that he
could throw around his thousands at
pleasure and was not tied up or hampered
in any way by the large tract of land and
litigation tnereover in this City, and that
lie was caused to lose $37,500 in that in
stance.
These are the principal items of loss set
forth in the counter-charge and cross-com
plaint and other smaller ones bring the
total up to 1 125,000 to offset the aged at
torney's claim for $50,000, minus about
$6000 paid by Jordan on account.
Saturday-Morning; Orchestra.
Ilerr Anton Schott has consented to add an
other attraction to the already excellent pro
gramme of the Saturday-morning orchestra
concert in Qolden Gate Hall to-night by sing
ing several songs. There is every prospect of
a large attendance.
NEW TO -DAT
EASY
I_-r\*Zs I
CURE
When you can use Electricity
with ease and comfort, with-
i out the shock or the inconve-
nience of the old style battery,
it becomes a pleasure to get
cured by it. No one questions
the curative power of Electri-
city, but there is only one way
. to apply it right. That is by
OR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BEIT.
You put it on when you go to
bed at night, fixing the regu-
lator so that it gives a pleas-
ant warming current without
burning the skin, and you
wear it . all night without
bother. You sleep sound and
awake" in the morning re-
freshed and vigorous, with
every vital part teeming with
animal magnetism. It is easy
, to cure by this method.
A ijreat many people know nothing: of Dr.
Banden's Electric Belt because they have not
taken the trouble to look It up. A little book
"Three Classes of Men," will interest you. It
Islree. Ask for it, or call and examine this
health-giving appliance.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours- 8 a. m. to
8:30 p. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1. - ■ .
• OFFICES AT: , -
LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I • PORTLAND, OR., ■
204 Soata Broadway. J 253 Washington street
-•■■■■ • ■ - .•;:•--•-. ■- -._ • = . . i
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-*-*- being one of the wonders of the would, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of ulaitu, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Snmmer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A remit i Cure for RheumatUtn, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS »1O TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
PACIFIC COSGR_ESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
T OCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
J -i Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, abont 1000 feet above
sea level. No foe. no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 451) feet south.
Large Double Room*. With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRING MINERAL VVATEK of the olkochaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
I and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians.
HOTKL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORITJSL
ALL modern Improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
BATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco, via 8. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. PFKTCH, Saratoga, Cal.
JSllii^ OTE L
YEi\DOfiE
- ■ ■-* X 1 MS \j 1.1 m. M k
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA. j
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appolnt-
toents, It Is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
n ■ n B I #% t\ HOT SPRINGS,
PARA SO™^
.-.-.,- heuUh. rest, pleas-
ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
bed*, cleanliness, table, hot noda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas.
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the state. Plenty
enjoyment fur young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, Ban Francisco, 8:15 a. m
daily, for Boledsd; Return-trip ticket, »8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofllce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
- Hive Yon Bkkjc Thkbe Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean. field and farm. Hut and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoiticc
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address AND RE W JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
- Under the Old Management
ON AUSTIN OP.XXX, IN THK SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R., via bausalito ferry
Train leaves at I:4j. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to $14 per week; Klira Grove Hotel rates, $8 to $8
per week : tents, *3 to $5 per week. . bend for cir-
cular. £H»MM»«*
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor.
;_. Cazadero, Cal.
go TO dim SPRINGS,
rn\VO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNDOCINO
A County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. ■■ Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths;- new modern hotel* 250
feet above .the valley; ■ fine view. : Furnished cot-
tages to rent. - Plenty of amusements. Free diis
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms. 910 per week.
•O. HO WELL, President. .
Telephone at Postofßce. :
WHITE OAK FARM,
NEAR CLOVERDALE-SPECIAL ATTEN-
XII tion given to table: terms $7 per week. * # or
particulars address W. li. Hi ATT, Cloverdale, Cal
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
A TTRACTIVE LOCATION: PLEASANT
-cl. rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. i For particulars
and terms address box 85, sebastopoi, Sonoma Co,
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On tne Border or Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A SrPERB CLTMATR,
danclnt;. lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
yon like flnp bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you ueed recuperation am! reit afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? (shortest stags
route into Lake County.
AU this and more can be had at Highland
Spring
New boteU Finest dining-room north of Saa
Francisco.
From Han Francisco it costs only fg for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are *1 50 to $2 50
per day or flO to 91U per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Hallway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco ofßce. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony ia impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll untler
the shade of the majestic redwoods I
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now nnder the proorietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE.
Proprietor Bga Beach Hotal.
"Absolutely the finest fishing in the West."—
Forest and (Stream.
LAKE TAHOE.
TALLAC HOUSE.
THE SUMMER RESORT OF CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open ibis season. Hotel
and grounds lighted by electric lights. All modern I
improvements. Rates $15 to $21 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1.
RATKJJ $10 TO $14 PER WEEK.
Both houscsopen for the seaso-i May 15. Great
reduction in fare to Tallac House tl.ls season.
Guests to Tallac House carried £0 and from hotel
free of charge, making round-trip fare from San
Francisco o^ly $16.
The above hotels are under the management of
M. I.AWRKNCE & CO., proprietors, of Tallac.
Send for illustrated circular.
For route and further Information Inquire of
Southern Pacific Compuny's ticket office.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
I. B. Fra»ier, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, pnrest
air, coldest water, good shooting; fine trout fish-
ing near by; regular mail; table supplied with the
Dest in tlie market: vegetables from oar own gar-
den; good home rooking And home comforts: ac-
commodation from 20 to 30; season opens Juue 1.
Distance and furrs— Buy round-trip ticket, $12
(unlimited), at office of 8. F. and N. P. Railroaa.
Rail 10 Vkiab, thence by Berryhills popular stage
line via Potter Valley to baohedrln. Room and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 per
day. Saddle horsf (when wanted) $1 per day. No
other charges. For further particulars address L.
B. FRASIF.R, Hanhedrln, or LADD'S GUN-
| STORE, 9 Third St.. £an Francisco.
I
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZUEA,
Tocaioma, Bertrand's Hotel, rUrln Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for ramping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postofflce. express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $I .. per week.
VICTOK W. KHAUSS, Manager.
Ip& P. BEKTKAND, Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. k.
SIMMER BOARD NEAR GILROT.
A PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT: ELE-
gant climate, fishing, hunting *nd scenery.
Low price.
Terms of W. T. TKOMBI/V, Gllroy.
Mommn spring farm
\VTIt,L BR OPICX FOR BOARDERS JUNE 1.
»T Write for particulars WM. J. ROSS, proprie-
tor, Oakville, Napa Coumy. Cal.
SPEND YOUR VACATION AT
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine spring water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and
home comforts. Particulars apply MRS. V. STU-
BKNRAUBCH, box 159, Napa, Cal.
SUMMER BOARD AT BURLINBAME.
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address IRA O. HOITT.
Holtt's School reopens August 4. ■
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BBSWXCK, SISKIYOD COUNTY. OAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths. '
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
-A.. B. IVEcIVI.A.TII'S.
IF 'YOU - WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
X him ting and fishing where game of all kinds is
plentiful, take the a F. and N. P. R. R. to Uklah.
Berryhill stage to Potter Valley, McMatb's stage
to iiuUvlllerp. O. address, Hullvllle, Lake Co. CaL
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
Broadgaoge Depot,'
SAKT TIAFAEti.
Summer Resort for Families. ,
Rates $6 to $10. A. BERG, Manager. .
THE JORDAN HOUSE, SA\ RAFAEL, CAL.
First- Class. Family Board ing- House. :
MRS. J. F. JORDAN, Proprietress.
Beautiful View. -385891 Sixth Street,
Flue rounds. . - Head of B.
u/hen writing for further particu lars to any of the health or
Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the C^tXX.
6ILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place "Where the Invalid Can Surely
Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May Itegule Himself . Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Kent, Refreshment and .Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed In Garments
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
rpAKE 8 :15 A.M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
A Third and Townsend streets, 3% hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 18 for round trip.
JO" Stage connects with train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ROOP & SON,' Proprietors.
SANTA CITALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
UNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
\J coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat
bunting, bathing, boating, horseback: riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, graad
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For lull information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to ■
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring at., Los Angeles. CaL
JOHANNISBERG
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, including the
GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron Springs, Lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly 1200 feet. Best
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. 'Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa,
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. For particulars address WALTER METZ,
Napa City, Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from >anta Rosa.
T\r ITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
»» bor; the place where you feel at horac Table
first class. Croquet, Billiards, Shuffle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool. Dunclag Pavilion, Fish-
ing and Hunting. Terms, $10 and 91^ per week.
Special rates for cluhs and large families. Round
trip, $3 75. Baths free to guests.
FRESE 4 JUERGENSEN.
fITT" 1 flfin HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
\ v fl 111 I 1 County, only 4iyj hours from
\fc 11 I*!* \ San Francisco; but 9 miles
II l\ fl II ll staging: new road through
** " IAM " ** canyon; new stages; sanitary
phi id bin?: natural temperature of w.iter 130" Fuhr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquuos and other annoying
Insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Round-trip ticket only 95.50.
Telephone and telegraph, dally moll and express.
Rates $VJ a week; baths free.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
LTTTOH SPRINGS.
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK. FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; V«-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
TuUe first-das'". Send for circulars.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
U most nicturesqae. Soda Spring is famous for
the yast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000.000
gallons- Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus:
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pieta and Highland Springs,
Adams, Selgler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, $ 5 50; round trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates-for families. O. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. KPlsey vllle. Lake County, Cal.
when ITkfIAH
VISITINQ UIVIAiI
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
rpHJS ISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST ANDBEST
-1 hotel in Ukiah, and it is headquarters for
tourists.
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
In the Santa Crux Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and bant-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Stage at Mad rone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCELET, Llagas, CaL
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 Titles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTTRINGER. seaview, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
nun stables m stage compasy,
WH. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TORN-
• outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage meeis all
trains. Daily stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake.
ASTORG SPIUIfI JISERAL WATER.
fTIHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOT7TH:
■L cores most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thousands in four
months In this city: no agents. A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth st., sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water.
GLENBROOK
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RE-
sorts In the State. Fine scenery, hunting and
fishing; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformatlon atloress O. W. R. TREDWAY,
Proprietor, Glenbrook, Lake County, CaL
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
resort in State: 8 different springs; good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class: rates
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled: bard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal.
T BEL"MONT\ SAN 1 MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
■tation; 1 hour fm City. MRS. HANSEN.BeImout
Easy to get to,
Easy to come from
/ETNA SPRINGS.
A c Mange in the stage arrangement makes It
far more convenient to reach .Ktna than formerly.
Stage now leaves SU Helena at 10 a. m. daily, ex-
cept Sunday, stopping at Angwins for lunch only.
Returning, stage leaves JEtua at. ID a. m., stopping
again at Angwins for lunch. No more long waits;
no more early rising. Further particulars at 318
Battery su. City, or of W. 1,. MITCHELL, Lideil
P. P., Napa County, California.
INVERNESS.
TNVERNESS. MARIN COUNTY— CAMPINO
J- privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated
on an inland bay; good beach; salt-water batnlng;
water 15 degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives; shooting and fisU-
ing: within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North
Pacific toast Railroad. Stages meet trains. Appl7
11 to 'J daily, 331 Montgomery street, room 51.
HOTEL GLENWOOD,
SANTA CLARA. CAL.
A PLACE TO SPEND YOtTR VACATION IV.
A QnM, restful and hotnelike. Good rooms and
board. Terms reasonable. For rates address
MRS. L. MASON. Santa Clara.
EL BONITO HOTEL
VTOW OPEX TO TOURISTS FOX TKB
xi season: salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and bottling; redwood grove, etc: terms
reasonable, G. W. MORGAN,
Duncans 21111s, Sonoma Co., CaL
SEIQLER SPRINGS,
V. \KK COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THB
year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at southern Pacific offices, $10; special
conveyance daily. For Information address JOHN
SPAULDING, Seigler Springs, J^ake County, Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEAKT OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing and nshlng; cottages for families; stase meets
morning train; terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LINDS'EY, iilenwood, Cal. ■■■
WANTED — PARTY OF 4 FOR SUMMER
outing: finest of trout-fUhlng and deer-hunt-
ing; country wild enough for most exacting; no
objection to 2 ladies. Andres* box 148, Medford,
Oregon.
T AUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
-Li Lake (formerly Lower Blue Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; noatiug and bathing free; no
pains will he spared to provide a good table; terms
$8 to fl'2 per week; route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare Sii: round trip !?9 50. Address H.
W AMBOLD, Prop., Bertha V. 0., Lake County.CaL
TTOTEL DF.L MAR— ON THE SEASHORE: 20
II minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled; surf bathing: sailing, row-
Ing, fishing: buses meet, all trains; children, 92
to $5 per week; adults. $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTKL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, S. F.
OTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
genuine pleasure than La Honda. 17 miles from
Redwood City, remarkable forclimate, fishing and
hunting, camping, comforts and pleasures. Tickets
fo.- the round trip via S. P. R. R. and Knight's
stage line, $i. MRS. LJ. SEARS, La Honda, Cal.
rfIVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OF
XV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishins, hunting, buttling and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open ; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the>guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. : good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL METER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
LONQWOOD6, IDE~AL~BUMMER RESORT;
send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.
OROOKSIDK FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE;
D plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
pYPRESS LAWN FKUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
bio: home comforts. T. H. EP-.KY. Napa. Cal.
hotel Umpire,
• FIRE-PBOOF, - ... *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. ■»
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with oaths ■
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centre*.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Hirer*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in . .
• America. ■.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L 7' to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel In 10 minutes. European
plan, $1 np. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
in New Yorfc-T W. JOHNSON QUINN, Mgr. .
WM. NOBLB, Propr.
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE!
J- your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My aoo-
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Omoe Hours— l 2 to 4 c. v. .
&J & &PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
QPECTALTY— DISKASEB OF MEN, INCLUD-
Vtng all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous JDis-
easesofaprivatenattire. Over 2o experience.
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Term*
reasonable. Office Hours, 9 to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30
' evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address
IV ROSIOE McXUI/TY. M. ».,
28% Kearny Street, Man Francisco, Cml.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. - PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public 633 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 57a Residence 1&9
l"ell»u ■ Telephone, "Pine" 2591. .
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SrMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Grain Bags advancing.
New Figs, Apples and Pears arrived.
Australian Coal getting scarce.
Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat 'and Barley weak and dull.
Oats. Corn and Kye inactive.
Hay and Beans unchanged.
New Potatoes weak.
Onion market demoralized.
Vegetables rather lower.
Poultry dull and weak.
Currants and Gooseberries affected by the heat.
Cherries sell very well.
Lemons and Limes very firm.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Heavier exports of Wine.
Good prices for Fruit expected.
OUTLOOK FOR FRUIT.
The Trade Expect Prices to be Satis
factory This Tear.
The circular of the Cutting Packing Company
says of the fruit outlook:
CannkdFri-its— While theapricot crop has been
greatly damaged in localities, we are led to be
lieve from special reports from agents all over the
State that the total output will quite equal that of
1895. This is attributable to a number of causes,
and we think it can be relied upon. As the market
for both canned and dried during the past year has
been exceedingly dull and values constantly
lessening, we see no reason why the opening price
should be above the average for 1895 goods, which
must of necessity, however, be higher than the
prices ruling at present. There has been but little
demand during the past month and the carry-over
Is doubtless about the same as at the date of our
last advices, but this does not alter the fact that no
supplies ran be brought for new pack below higher
figures than those ruling for the average crop of
1895.
t hkkries— Are almost a total failure: pack will
be limited of both black and white, and prices will
likely oi"'n at fully 50 per cent above those ruling
in 1895 and go higher still. There ib absolutely no
carry-over of either black or white.
Although there was a heavy damage to peaches
In hirje orchards in many sections, especially in
the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys, and a
lighter crop than the average is indicated in South
ern California, there will still be a good average
crop in the State, and as the market for dried is con
siderably b-low that realized for any stock used
for canning for several years, there seems to be no
m good reason why canning stock should be held at a
• hlfih figure for 1896, and we think the opening
prh-cs will not be far from those of 1895. and there
should be an ample supply of good quality for all
reauirements.
Pears— Are a very uncertain crop at the best in
all seasons and the month of June is a critical
one for the crop, it not being safe to count on
them before the first of July. If all the pears on
tne trees mature there will be one of the heaviest
outputs known for years, but this is extremely
doubtful. TTnder all the circumstances we think
the crop will be beavi r than In 1895, and conse
quently prices will depend larsely upon the East
ern demand for shipping Kreen. We do not see,
however, why prices tor canned will be much, if
any, above those of 1895.
Contrary to our previous information plums
have been severely daaiaged by frost and snow,
and do not look in nearly as good condition as a
month aco. and we advise that prices will be ad
vanced over 1895. They certainly cannot be
lower under the most favorable circumstances,
and if there is any change it must be in the di
rection of an advance.
As a whole the crop in the State looks more fa
vorable than it did a month ago, and we think,
aside trom Cherries, there Is a treat Improvement
ovit wi, at we anticipated, and that there may be
no fear of what should be truthfully termed a
"short crop." At the same time we are sure there
will be something of a boom among growers and
shippers. Wnile the quantity of (.Jreen Fruit used
for canning purposes s very small percentage of
the entire crop, the localities from which it can
best be secured for canning are not those wuere
the factories are numerous, and consequently can
in rs have to pa., more than if the large orchards
■ their Immediate vicinity. Again, canners
ai :i ruk- require a large proportion of fine quality,
ami haw to pay a correspondingly high price.
our trade therefore need not look as a whole for
any re<lu<-iion in previously expressed ideas of
va'.ues of iutures.
Tomatoes— Are practically cleaned up, there
being none left in first hands and but very light
stocks in joboers. At the same time there Is no
advance in values, but rather a reduction, and the
market is realiy in favor of buyers. The crop
looks much betier than a month since, and we see
no occasion for any fear concerning its quantity or
quality.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from this port in April were
1,804.320 gallons, against 1,360,200 gallons in
April, 1898. For the first four months of the year
they were 6,552,650 gallons, against 5,739,150 gal
lons during the same time in 1596. The shipments
this year show a value of $2,491,209, against
$2/217,671 for the same time last year.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
■ays; those underneath it. If any, the •mount of
rainrall, of melted snow In inches and hundredtlis,
(luring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
Ilß^s, connect points of equal air pressure; Jso>
therms, or dotted lines, equal tempprature. The
word "hirh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weathe?: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. \\h<-n the pressure is high In the interioi
ana low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along ih«- coast, rain Is probable
but wben the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
mariced curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. \\ lih a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coust, v, armer
weather may be exported in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of thesecondltions
Will produce an opposite result-
WEATHEK BIKKAU REPORT.
United States D'.pabtkest of Aqbicci>
irEK, Weaiheb Bureau, San Fhanoisco, May
27, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather condi lons and general
forecast :
Toe following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same dale last season :
Eureka 50.98, last season 45.48; Re i Blaff 1i'2.13,
last season 29.71: Sau Francisco 21.20, last sea
son 25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San
Luis Oblspo 17.70. last season 25.93: Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.10; San Diego 5.92, last sea
son 12.20: Vuma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-tour bourn: Eureka 56. Red Bluff
94, San Francisco 70, Fresno 102, San Luis Oblspo
78, Los Angeles 84. San Diego 74, Yrnna 112.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 70,
minimum 57, mean 64.
The pressure continues high over Northwestern
Washington, although there has been a fal! during
the past twenty-tour hours of about a tenth of an
Inch along the northern coast. There has been a
sligtr increase in pressure along thecen'.ral coast
of i alifornia. The pressure has risen decidedly
over the plateau r<-«ion.
The temperature h»s remained nearly stationary
over the country west of the Kocky Mountains,
with the exception of the coast of California from
Kureka southward, where there has been a fall in
tetn jx-riiture of from 8 to '20 deg., due probably to
fog »nd .strong westerly winds. The greatest fall
in temperature has been at San Francisco. Over
Eastern Washington and Northern Idaho the tem
perature has risen about 10 deg. No rains re
ported at any station west of the 110 th meridian.
F01; has prevailed along the coast from San
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELJCK & CO.,
LoldesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
BHAXCH OFFICB
6'JB Market SU, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
J. S. PURDY. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIKE. NEW YOBK.
Francisco northward. Conditions are favorabl e
for fair weather Thursday on the Pacific coast.
with warm weather Inland anil fog alone the shore.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours,
ending midnight. May 28. 1896.
Northern California— Cloudy weather Thursday
in extreme northwestern portion, fair eisewiierc;
cooler in the valleys: fresh northerly winds in
land, westerly winds and fog on the coast.
scat hern California— Fair Thursday ; light north
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; continued high tem
perature.
Utah— Fair Thursday; continued high tem
perature.
Arizona — Fair Thursday; continued high tem
perature.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh northwesterly winds: prooably fog.
ALEXANDER Q. MCADIK,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., May 27.— There was a
close approach to absolute stagnation at the Stock
Exchange to-day. Total sales footed up the
meager sum of 65,100 shares. At intervals busi
ness came to a standstill nearly, the sales between
1 and 1:30 o'clock amouutiug to only 1000 shares.
The indisposition to make a. new venture Is still
due to the uncertainty regarding the standing of
the leading candidate for the Presidential nomina
tion and the fear of hostile legislation by the Sen
ate In the matter of Government bond issues. On
the other hand the continuance of the gold export
movement and the low prices of farm products
caused a little liquidation In certain securities.
There was no outside business to speak of and
the operations for foreign account cut no figure in
the dealings. The changes except in rare In
stances were confined to very narrow limits.
General Electric scored the greatest variation
among the usually active stocks, and fell from
355/s to 33% on the announcement of the or
ganization of the Walker Company with a capital
of $5,000,000 to manufacture electrical appliances.
Illinois Central sold at 9'iy% against 97 last
previously reported transaction. The decline was
ascribed to lack of demand rather than to any
material alteration in the condition of the
property.
Reading and Missouri Pacific were somewhat
louver on poor traffic statements, but the loss in
either case was slight. Sugar rauged between
122 yg@l24, closing at 123, while Tobacco ranged
between 64V*@67i^. Distillers was without sale.
Just near the close Sugar developed a bit of ac
tivity and the traders sold the railway list. As a
result speculation closed barely steady in tone.
Net changes show losses of VB@lV% P er cent.
Bonds were quiet and easier. The sales footed
up $843,000. Hocking Valley consol lives fell %
to 8414: Kansas and Texas seconds, % to 59;
Missouri Pacific consolidated sixes, lVs to 88Vfc.
In Government oonds $30,000 coupon fours of
1926 brought 116 V* *°d $-2500 coupon fours of
1907, 110.
Grain.
FLOUR— tTnchanged, quiet, weak -.Winter wheat,
low grades, $1 70@2 85: do fair to fancy, $-2 45(g)
3 55; do patents, $3 70@3 90: Minnesota cleurs.
82 45(<S8 05; do straits, $3 25«i3 Bft; do patents,
$3 45(3,1 40: low extras, $1 70ia.2H5; city mills,
$4 05;u4 15; do patents, $4 25@4 45; rye mixture,
S'2 50@3 50- snperline, $1 95@-2 20: line, $1 70fg*
•2 10. Southern flour, dull, easy; common to fair
extra, $2 20(0.2 80; good to choice, f2 80(5,3 10.
Rye flour .dull, easy. f2 40@2 80.
CORNMEAL— Unchanged, quiet: yellow West
ern, $2 OS@2 10: Brandywine, $2 16.
RYE— Nominal; No. 2 Western. 43@431Ac.
BARLEY— Quiet; unchanged Western. 39((541c
BARi.EY MALT— Quiet;. Western. 48@63c.
WHEAT— Active, waker, with opt. ons f. 0.b.,
731,4 cto arrive; ungraded red, 64(g>74c; No. 1
Northern, 68c to arrive.
Options were active and closed weak at Vi@^Vif
decline with the West, continued local liquidation,
foreign selling and easier cables. July and Sep
tember most active. No. 2 red, May, 63c; June
and July. 65»a.c; August, 64 y B e; September, 65c:
December, 6634 c.
CORN— Easier, fairly active; No. 2, 34c, eleva
tor: 35c afloat
Options were active and i/4@34c lower on easier
cables, lower West and locn! realizing, closing
weak. September and July most active. May and
June, 34c: July. 34S 4 c: August, 3514 c: teeptem
ter3fii 4 c; October, 36y 8 c
OATs— Active, weaker.
Options dull, easier. May. 22% c; July, WsyV:
No. 2 White, May, 26c
Spot prices: No. 2, 23140; No. 2 white, 2514 c;
No. 2 Chicago, 24@24i,4C; No. 3, 22i,4c: No. 3
white, 24@-4i/4c: mixed Western, -<UV»(a'2sc;
white do and white State, 26<&28c.
FEED BRAX-55«65c.
MIDDLING!*— 65(<j7Oc.
RY E— Feed. 65c
. ProTlslons.
BEEF— DuII; family, 98 50@9: extra mess,
96@7: beef bams, dull, 914 60: Merced Deef,
quiet; city extra India mess, 91G@11 50: cut i
meats quiet, weak; pickled bellies, 12 pounds, 41 8
f 41,4 c; do shoulders, 4i.4<g,4 1 .2C; do hams, 9©
Vie.
LARD— Quiet, unsettled; Western steam, (4 40;
city, 4: May. 94 45. Refined, quiet, easy ; conti
nent. $4 70; bouth American. Kb 70; compound,
48/ B e.
PORK— SIow, easy; old mess, 88©8 60; new
mess, *8 75&9 M. HTCSH
BUTTER— active: fancy firm: State
dairy. B®lsc; do creamery. 11@15V2C: do factory,
7MlOVi»c; Elgins, I&V4C; imitation creamery, lo@ '
12c
CHEESE— Quiet; State large, old, 6@9%c;
do new. 6Vi@*7c: do small, 4i.._.'« f)* 4 i: ; do, new,
"'- i'ii.>-c;. part skims, old, 3@4VBC; do new, B@sc;
full skims. 2@2V?c
EGGs— Moderate demand; State and Penn
sylvania, 11 Vie: Western fresh, 10Vij@12c; do,
per case, 91 80@2 70.
TALLOW— steady; city, 3@3V c; country,
B@3y B e.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, nominal: crude,
21c: yellow prime, 24c; do off grades, 24c.
RESIN -Quiet, steady; strained, common to
good, 91 80(31 85.
TURPENTINE-Dull, steady: 26@26V5iC
POTATOES— Quiet, easy.
RlCE— Firm; Domestic, fair to extra, S@s!"4c:
Japan,' 4^4 1 4c.
MOLAS--Els— Firm; New Orleans open .kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Steady: 5 to 10 points down: May,
912 25; June. 811 7&@11 bO; July. 911 30(®ll 40;
August, 810 90; September, 9i045@10 65: Octo
ber, 810 20; DecemDer. 910 05&10 10. Spot Rio,
weak, lower; No. 7, 13Va- '.
SUGAR-Raw. more active, steady; fair refining,
S3/ B c^lb; centrifugals. 96 test, 4c $ Ib; refined,
dull, steady; off a, 4 U-16@4%c 9* lb: mold A.
s Vic; standard A, s Vic: confectioners' A, 6i/gc;
cut, loaf, 6y 8 c; crushed, 5%c; powdered, 6 9-1 6c;
granulated, s Vic; cubes, BVac.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS AND WALNUTS— None.
APRICOTS— Bags, By a OSloc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, ' v a, 6@Bc; do peeled
12@13C.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal, sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown, 3@;i»4c: three-crowu, 4
(s;4igc: four-crown, 4V2Sb5c: do London layers,
90c(<v8; : clusters, 91 25(51 40.
HOPS— Quiet; steady; State common and choice,
2y 2 r<ißc: Pacific Coast. 2V2<&2Tsc
WOOL— Quiet: steady; domestic fleece, 16@21c;
pulled, 16<&33c; Texas, 12c
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
«10 75(313.
. COPPER-Steady: lake. 911 50.
LEAD-Steady; domestic. *3 02y 2 @3 05.
TlN— Quiet: straits. 913 60@13 60.
PLATES— Moderately active. •
SPELTER-Flat: domestic, 94 06.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, ' 111., May 27.— Less disposition to
depress wheat prices was observed this morning,
the heavy declines of the past few days having the
effect of Inducing a more conservative attitude
on the present bears, many of whom took oppor
tunity to cover when the market was at its weak
est. : Liverpool cables after the three days' recess
came with but 1 d decline, which did not adequately
correspond with the American loss for the same
period. That fact tended to steady the tone here,
prices opening slightly easier than they closed yes
terday, but very shortly rallying a little. The
weather was all that could be desired for the crops
and other conditions continued adverse to Im
provement in values.
Receipts in the Northwest were 262 cars, against
238 last Wednesday and 233 a year ago. Chicago
received 10 cars and inspected out 156,167
bushels. Bradstreets gave a decrease In the
world's visible supply of 4,797,000 bushels. Im
mediately subsequent to the announcement of
which there was some steadiness, but In less than
thirty minutes afterward prices broke sharply on
all-around selling. St. Louis leading the movement.
Export clearances were 294,643 bushels. Closing
continental cables were all lower. July wheat
opened from 593/ g to 59V4c, sold between 69n /a M
69% and sß%(&sbVic closing at SHVB<9>IB»/ic,
«4c« 4 c lower than yesterday. Estimated receipts for
to-morrow, 13 cars.
CORN— The movement of corn' from the coun
try was good this morning. 620 cars arriving at
Chicago. This was depressing to prices, and
caused an easy opening, but wheat displaying a
better tone reversed the direction of the market
and caused a firmer feeling. . The trade was local,
few if any outside orders comlne to hand. Liver
pool cables w*re Vid lower. Withdrawals from
store amounted to 223,710 bushels. When the
break in wheat tooit place during the last hour
corn declined in sympathy. Bradstreets reported
a decrease of 1,517.000 bushels in the available
snpplv. Export clearances aggregated- 242.625
Dushels. July corn opened 'at 28V?c, sold • be
tween 28yti@2&8 / 4c and 2«s/ c, closing at 283, a( a
28 ' Ac- ys&Vic under; yesterday. ; Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 677 cars.
: OATS— Were influenced solely by wheat and
corn. Less of weakness . was consequently ap
parent early, and shorts were Inclined to buy con
siderable. Receipts were liberal at 319 cars, and
89,500 bushels were withdrawn from store. Ex
port clearances were 153,510 bushels. The late
weakness in | wheat and 1 corn was promptly re
sponded to by oats. Bradstreets reported an In
crease in stocks of 303.000 bushels. July oats
closed unchanged from yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for tomorrow 268 cars
FLAX— Was eauy. Cash, 84@84Vac; July, 83c-
September, 84i^®85V4c. ■ Receipts were 16 cars.
PROVISIONS— Were weaker on the average
also lard showed symptoms of recovering slightly.
The Impression thai this article is entitled to more
consideration has taken possession of the minds of
traders and led to some buying. Pork and ribs,
however, continue to display an entire absence of
strength. .. The ho? market was weaker. Toward
the close moderate buying by shorts rallied prices
all around.'. July pork and lard each-closed MV,(<a
6c higher, and July ribs 2i/ic higher. , r ■ -.
BUTTER— The market was firm with a good de
mand ■■! to-day. . Dealers were talking > higher
prices . for later -In < the week. Creameries
— Extras, 15c; . firsts, 14@14Vio: ' seconds, 1(>(&
18c; imitations, fancy, ll&lSc. Dairies— Extras,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
12%®13c: firsts. 10@llc; seconds. 9c. Ladles—
Extras, 9@loc; firsts. B@B%c; packing stock, 7c.
I.i , .s— Were In good demand and firmer. Re
ceipts only moderate, and stocks were well cleaned
up. Fresh stock sold at B@lOVic $) dozen.
MONEY— Was fix on call. and e@7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at $1 premium.
< ; •'■ Closing Price*.
WHEAT— May. 08c; July, 68%@58%c'; Sep
tember, 59V;rC.
COKN-May. 27%@27%c; July. 28»/»@28%c;
September, 29% c.
OATS— 17% c; July, I 8140; September,
18% c
PORK— July, $7 02%: September. 97 20.
LARD— JuIy, S4 l 20; September, «4 37%.
KIBS— July, *3 80; September, 93 95. •
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, In., May 27.— The
demand for cattle to-day was good, bat the supply
was too heavy, and prices declined 10@15c. The
run of hogs was moderate, but there was more
than enough' to satisfy the demand, and prices
were therefore s@loc lower. Good to choice native
sheep were firm, being scarce, but Texans were a
drug on the market. Prices for the latter were 10c
lower.
CATTLE — Receipts, 19,500. Fancy beeves,
$4 20@4 30; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. 93 95@115: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds, 93 75(<£4 00; medium steers. 1000
to 1600 pounds, S3 60ti$3 70; common to fair steers,
960 to 1400 pounds. 93 HOia.3 60: choice feeders,
900 to 1200 pounds. S3 60@3 90; common to choice
stocKere. $2 80@3 51): Dulls, choice to
extra. *2 90@3 25 : bulls, poor to cnoice. 92 00®
2 75; cows and heifers, extra. S3 70®4 00: cows,
fair to choice, 92 40@3 70: cows, common to fair,
$1 60@'2 35; calves, good to choice. 94 75<$
5 26; calves, common to good. S3 2504 70; Texas
grass steers, 92 60(53 30: Texas fed steers. S3 10
@3 85 : Texas cows ana bulls, 92 So@3 20 ; milkers
and springers, per head, 520@35.
HOGS— Receipts, '28,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, 93 o!>(s3 35: common to choice
mixed. $3 10&3 45; choice assorted, S3 45$
3 60; light, 93 15@3 40; pigs, $2 75<»3 35. *
SHEEP — Receipts. 20,000. inferior 10 cnolos,
92 DO <fl4 25 : lambs. 93 25(&5 25.
AKW \OiiM. siOOKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1 Va@2*<; last loan at 2%;
and closing offered at 2 .. Prime mercantile
paper, 4Va®s%- Bar silver, 185' 8 c Mexican dollars.
&3 J /ic sterling exchange quiet, firm, with actual
busiuess in bankers' bills at 94 1 -2<cbi &7 a A for 60
days and 94 88%©4 88*,! for demand. Posted
ratoa. *4 88@4 89 1" -j . Commercial bills, «4 86^,4
@4 87^4. Government bonds steady; State bonds
dull; railroad bonds easier. Silver at the board
was firm. ;
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable... 82 1^ Norfolk A West... 2%
Atchlson. •♦ i* 8/*8 /* -Preferred. — 7%
Preterrea 2j:i 8 Northern Paolflo.. 5^
Adams Express.. .lso Preferred. ->53 ¥
Alton.Terre Haute. 67 .None western. l u &Va
American Express. 114 Preferred ...... 1 8 Va
American Tobacco, 66Vi K. V. Central »6i^
Preferred 99 |N. Y. Chicago**!. 13.
Bay btatoiias '^P'/i preferred..... '6
Baltimore a. Ohio.. 17 v Bv B id preferred...... 31
fcrunswicic Land*.. V*j N. Y. AN. H ..^.176
Buffalo, RoctKfcP. l»V-> *• Y. it New Ens. 46
Canada Paclflo.... 623 /4 >. Y.Busq* W.« 854
Canada Southern.. 60i^ Preferred. m '2;( >
Canton uiii'l ...... 60 i, Ontario ;.... 13
Central Fact n0 . ... 1 1/4 ' Ontario*. Western. 141 4 > 4
Cne«.A Ohio. lii' '. Oregon improvmt. i. a
Chicago Alton 157' Preferrea... —
Preierrea. 170 Oregon Navigation. Ji
Chicago, B. A U.... 78 Li ureeon bbort Una. 5
Chicago AX. 111... 41 Pacific Mall „ 25%
Preferred. M 98 Feona, D.A Evans. 2
Cblcagouaa  67i£ Pittsburgh W pto. 16
Cleve A PitUburg. 163 Pullman Palace,.. 157
Consolidation Coat. 32 quicksilver......... 1
Consolidated Uas..l.*>'> I Preferred.... _ 15
C. CC. A BU Lous, 3414 Reading lus/.
Prcferreu. 85 rand «<fc Wests 15
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 917% Preferred. _ 40
Preferred. „ &i Bock Island 69%
Cotton Oil Cert.... 12 Home Wat AOgdenll4V£
Commercial Cable. 150 fct. L. AS. v» 41,
DeL Hudson 1241,4 Preferred. „ loi-
Del.LackAWesiernl6oWEt.Paui _ 76* 4
Denver Alt U».... I2si| Preferred. ....... 128 ■
Preierrea. _ 47s s >;u Paul A Dulutn. 23
lUtuiers l 73 /4 Preferred. «, Bft
General electric... 34 IH. Paul A Omaha, 4SV4
trie — 141/g! Preferred. ...... 122
Preferred 36 St. P. M. AM. 112
fort Wayne 163 Silver Ceruncates.. 68V4
Great Northern 1* ibouthern I'aciac.^ 19
CreenDay i. <V% boutnern it it..... 9
Har1em...,.^. .....295 ■ Preferred. ........ _h
Hoc kins c0a1...... 2vi'bngar Refinery.... 122%
Hocking Valley... IB | Preferred. 103%
Uomestake _ 32 Term. Coal A Iron. uf>3.>
H. A Texas Cenu. ; Preferred.. 100
Illinois Central.... 92 ' i Texas Pacific 8
lowa Central....... 8 i TOLA. A. AXA X. Mica. 1-
Preferred, _ 32 Vi' 1 0L A Ohio Cen .... 32
Kansas A Texas. m/ 4m /4 Preferred. 73
Preferred „ 25 , lol.bt. Louis AK.Q. 0
Kingston A Pern... 3 Preferred 5*
Lake Erie AWestn 18 Union i'actno 731
Preferred 71V4 vP. Den. A Qoll. »
Lace shore l.Mi I.a Cordage....... 5V4
hationai Lead... 24Vi Preferred. IOV4
Preferred „ 88 V* «uarauteod.....« -j < • : a
Lon«lslana 7»i-.|U. S. Express. 35
LcDiivllle A Nastl. 19T,1 . a Lt»tmr..._ 9
LcuisvlU^NaACn, 9' Preferred. ..^^ 64>A
Preferred.. ...... 19 U. a ßuDbar. ...~. 2»V%
Wenhattaa Consot. 10 '5 Preferred. _ "SVi
Mempnis A Charla, 19.' Utlca AB. River.. 150
Mexican Central... M. Wab. 8. L. A Pao.. 654
Michigan Central.. 86 Preferred. M 1714
Minn A a. i. Wells-Farß0.....^. 97
Preferred. — _ Western Union.... 85Vs
Minn. A St. L com. 18Vi Wis Central.. ..„» 1
Ist preferred 78 Vfc Wheeling A L.B— 9%
preferred....^ 47 I Preferred. 86
Missouri Pacific.. 24%' Am Cotton Oil pta. 64-i. 4
Mobile* 0hi0... „ •nyL W V 8eef .......... 714
KashvJUeChatt.... 68 Ann Arbor *. 9
Katlonal Linseed., 16 i Preferred 24V4
N.J. Central 106 Brooklyn Traction, 24%
North American... 6Vs 2d pfd 23
CXOSINO BONDS.
CP4s,re« 108»i|M X T 2ds. 69
Do^s coupon... 1093 /8 | Do, 4s. 85
C fl 4s new reg..... Mutual Union 65... 114
Do, 4s coupon.. .H6V2 N J Cent Oen 65.. 119
5°- 2 »««« .'4Vs Northern Pao Ist* 117
**>> 6s *!*% Do, 2ds... M 116 Vi
Do. 6s eonnon 11 Do. Ms 73
Cherokee 4s, 1890. 10b ' Nonnwest*ConaoULl»B
Do. 1897. 100 Do. deb Os^^llO
To. 1898. 100 OR A N lsu! 1 10
Do. 3899.... 100 eiLAlronMtOanaa 79»4
Pacific 0f '95.... BtLA BFG«n6s.U3
DC. 8-6 6s 109y 4 H Paul Consols ...130
Ala Class A 4....:.. lotj fct. P. C. APa Ist* 118
Da Class 84, 6s. 105 Da Pao Cal . S. 1 1 1
La C0n501e5........ 98 Southern R. R. 6s. 93
Missouri funding..— Texas Paclflo firsts 90 V«
■ Carollnacon Texas seconds! 2 is?
_ I) . *• ....;. .....104 UnlonPac Istor9o.lo4il
to Carolina 4V4»... 106 1 Wert Shore 4. ... 10 14
itDnnewaa 84 W Mobile* Ohio is!. 658/4
V a funding dew... 61V 2 R Uranae Wast 76&
0 - »* ...— the* AO 6s 107
£0. deterred 69.. 5 Atchlson 4s w . 78Vi
Da trust rents st 6 1 Do. 2ds a 40« a
Canada Boutb zas.. 104V5, O H A 8 A 68.'.".*." 105
tenpaclstsor'96 102 j £0. 7s. 101
Da*«? °Ut l iY /2 \ B ATax C.nt6;:.loßVi
KCo-««K Co -«« 91 Dacones 100
rlt^as 65 Reading 45.. ,. t% £ 79V*
Kansas Pa ConsoU 72 Missottrt tts.. ..UVTuw*
•■KI-alsui^ndivlllVi 1 IIIMU^
roKKKi.N MARKETS.
WJTKAT IS I.rVKRPOOt.
LIVERPOOL, Ess., May 27.— The spot market
Is dull at 6s 4V*d@6s 5i/ 2 d. Cargoes dull and
weak at 27s 3d sellers, prompt shipment.
' FOTUBKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May
6s 114-d; June, 5s IVid; July, 6s l^d; August 6s
September, OslVid. ••»»»■
BBCUBITIKS.
f LONDON, E»re.. May 27. — Consols, 112»> >i
silver. 31i4d; French Rentes, lOlf 67Vac.
EXCHANGE . AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days . — 94 881,4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89i£
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 18
Fine Sliver, %i ounce — 68V*
Mexican Dollars 64 Vi 64*4
. a>
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHKR GRAINS.
WHEAT-Spot grain Is dull and unchanged,
but futures are much lower and very weak.
No. 1, 81 06@l 06V«; choice, $1 07%: lower
grades, 91@1 05: extra choice for milling, 91 160
1 20 $ ctl. . T-\.--. : : ■ T
CAtA. BOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Pession- — 10 o'clock — December—
200 tons, 91 OOS-g; 400. 91 00 V4. '
i:i'.i ! Mornjno !sksßion— December— 2oo
tons. 99% c; 400, 99»/«c; 1200, 991,4 c; 1200.
99y 8 c; 1600. 99c. .
A ktkbxoon Session — December — 600 tons,
983ic; 200, SHVic: 800. 98% c; 100, 99c; 300,
98yaC.
BARLEY— Continues weak, with a further shad-
Ing in futures. Feed, 7iy4@72U|C: choice, 735/ i.c;
Brewing, 80@85c. • v* .
CALL' BOABD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December— loo
tons, 71 Vie .
- It ko it 1. ak Morning Session— December— loo
tons, 70% c: 100, 70Vio. 1
aftkknoon >iwsinN— December— lloo tons,
70% c: 1000, 70Vac; 100, 70» /4 c; 100.71 c
OATS — Dealers quote previous prices. Mill-
Ing. 77Va@85c $ ctl; fancy Feed, 85@90c; good to
choice. feUi»B sc; common to fair, 70@77v4: Gray,
72V2<gtH2VW, surprise. 90c(«$l «i cU.
CORN— No further change. Large Yellow, 90<a
92Vic; Small Round do, 87y 3 c; White, 80085 c
f* ctl.
RYE— 7s@77Va<s V CO. .
BUCK W UEA'I — 85@900 * ctL
FLOUR AND M I I.LSTI
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
S3 75@3 85 « bbl: Bakers' extras,' S3 &5@3 65;
superune. »2 76@3. - - - ■
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Corn. 920@20 60;
Cracked Corn, 921 9 ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlcesln 10- R> sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to ' the . trade: Graham Flour,
23,4 c; Rye Flour. 3Vic: Rice Flour. 7i^c: Corn
roeal,- 2»4«a3c; J extra cream do. SiAc; Oatmeal,
S<'i/ 4 c; Oat Groats. 4 y 2 c: Homlnv. 4@4V^c; Buck
wheat Flour," 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3Vio; Farina,
4>. 2 c-: Whole Wheat Flour, Sc: Rolled Oats, 4i/»c;
Pearl Barley, 4i, a Split Peas. 4*40; tireeu do,
6Vic 9 &*•*.-.. . .
HAY AND; FKEDSTUFF3.
BRAN— 50 9 ton. -
, MIDDLINGS— 9I6 60@17 50 9 ton for lower
grades and 918&19 fl ton for the best.
feedstuff's — Rolled Barley, Sl6@ie 60;
Oilcake Seal at the mill, »20 ■$ ton: jobbing, »21;
Cottonseed Oilcake $21 ¥» ton.
HAY-Recelpts were larger yesterday. A car of
new, uncured Barley came in steaming ; and sold
for about half of what it would have brought
had It been cared Wheat is quotable at $h@l l 50
* ton: Oat, *7©9 « ton- Wheat and Oat, $8(41 1-
Barley, *7@B 60; Alfalfa. 87@9: Clover, »6@f 50:
Compressed Oat, 86 50@8; Compressed Wheat, $7
®A°_ 80 - Stock, S 6®7 « ton.
BTRAW-3<)@&oc%tale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— quotable at 90c@91 V ctl; Small
Whites, 91 26@1 40 V ctl; Pea, 91 26@1 45
» ctl: .Large Whites. «I®l 16 V ctl: Pint,
90c@91: Keds. 91 26- Blackeye. *1 40Q1 66;
Red Kidney, «l60(<Sl' 65; Lima* »2 60@2 76;
Butters, 91 40@l eotor small and 91 25®1 60 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at 91 60
©2 25 V ctl; Trieste. 92@2 50- * ctl; Yel
low Mustard, $1 40®l 60; Flax. 91 70@l 80; Ca-
S? rvr v '~' J i* c * lb; Alfalfa, 7y 2 @9yac * *'• Rape,
2VjjC »4 lb; Hemp. SiAc * tt>-
DRIED PEAS-91^5(5l 40 * cU for Mies and
91 26@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
POTATOES-New are lower. New Potatoes in
sacks, 76c@$l 16 ct i ; new Early Rose In boxes
from the River. $I@l 25: new Garnet Chiles,
*1 15; Oregon Burbanks, 65@90c $ ctl; Early
Kose, 66®. 6c; Petalum* and Tojnales, 65@80c *
ctl; Humboldt Burbanks. 70@80c V ctl.
ONIONS— Are lower and demoralized at 25(<i;35c
V ctl. mocks have been accumulating for some
days and 2500 sacks remained unsold on the
wharf yesterday.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 6V9 boxes As
paragus, 158 boxes Khubarbaud 586 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, Hummer Hquash and String Beans
declined,
Alameda Summer Squash, 7c; Los Angeles
Summer Squash, $1 ft box; Egg Plant, 20c V
lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $2(52 50 f> box: Cucum
bers, 60c@*l $ doz; Asparagus, 50c@$l 25 f, box
for ordinary and 75(&2 25 for extra: Rhubarb,
60c@* 1 26; Dried Peppers, 7@90: Oreen Peppers. 15
(a-0c p* &>; Green Peas, 60c@f 1 9 »k for common
and $1 26 for Garden; String Beans, s@6c lb for
Los Angeles and 6@9c ® Ib for Winters; Horse
Beans, 60@60c sack; Dried Okra, 12 Vic; Cab
bage, 45@50c V ctl; Garlic 4(ssc V lb.
BUTTER, (Uiisi; AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Steady at the quotations.
Ckkambbt — Fancy, 14@14%c; seconds, 13®
uvic ty it>.
Dairy— 13".: good to choice, 12@12Vjc;
lower grades, ll@llV~c.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 7c * Ib: common to
good. sVg@6V%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America, B@Uc 9 lb; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
r.'(a,13l/ 2 c. . «. ■ >
KGGS— The market is unsettled. Some dealers
are overs. ocked and weak, while others are linn
with small stocks. The market will probably get
settled in a day or two. Eastern Eggs, ll@l2c ~$
dozen; Store Eggs, lI(aMH, s <:; ranch Eggs, 12% ,
®l4c; Duck Eggs, 14@15c ft dor.
POUT/TKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The market Is well stocked, weak
and dull, and the tendency Is downward*
Live Turkeys are quotable at 12V-j@l4c ft tb for
Gobblers, ll@l3c for Hens: Geese, 9 pair. fl@
1 25; Goslings, $I@l 25; Ducks, $3@4 '$ doz for
old and «i«sb 9 dozen for young: liens, $3 60©
4 60; Roosters, young, $7 50@9; do, old, ii(a.i 50:
Fryers, *6@6 50 Broilers. $4^5 for large ands2@3
for small; Pigeons, Si 2o@l 60 for young and old.
GAME— Is not quotable.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
5686 boxes, selling at 60@75c for White, and Red
and 40@75c "ft box for Black. Cherries In bulk, 6
(<£7c 9tb for White, 6@6c for Black and 3Va V*c
for culls.
I'rincie Apricots sold at 60c@$l 25 V box, 90
boxes coming in. '
The first Green Pears and Apples arrived, the
I former from the River, bringing 60c, and the lat
ter from Vachville. 75c ft small box.
11. W. Blaisdell of Yuma Is sending In Figs
which are brinsini? 75c (Si Ib.
BERRIES-Receipts of Strawberries were 310
chests, selling at f 7@9 "? chest for Longworlhs
and *4(56 tor large berries.
Uooseoerries. 20@'25c > drawer and '2@2U,c ft
Ib in sacks for small and 25@30c V- drawer and '2 Vi
@3c Ri In bulk for large. Many of the arrivals are
showing mildew and sunburn.
Raspberries, 75@90c V drawer; Newcastle R»sp
berrles, $1 50 %} crate.
No Blackberries from Southern California.
Currants bad a wide • range. Good stock sold at
$5@7, but burnt and mildewed stock, went beeglnL
at#3<»4.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons and Limes are tend
ing upward, (.ranges are quotable at 76c@$l 25
V box for Seedlings, fS@4 'f, box for Navels, $1 60
@'2 60 for Malta Bloods and $1 MM 25 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons, $I@l 50 for common and
J'2'OiJ 50 for good to choice: Mexican | Limes, if 0;*
6 60; California Limes, tl 9 bx; Bananas, f l@a ft
bunch; Pineapples, S3@6 V dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS-The following prices rale on
the Fruit Exchance:
Cabload Lots— Apples, lV^@2o » Ib for quar
tered. 2c for sliced and 4£&4 l ,ic for evaporated ;
Peaches. 3<asc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, 6V,©
8c for prime , to choice, 90 for fancy and 10@llc fk
lb or fancy Moorpark- Figs, black, '-'Vie for an
pressed: White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears. 7c ?)
lb for evaporated halves, 3V&@6c i* Si for quarters:
Prunes, H(a.3Vic: Plums, SVic « Ib for pitted and
lWft-c forunpltted; Nectarines, 3Va(S5c %t Si for,
prime to choice and 5 y 2 c for fancy.
Jobbino Pricks— Evaporated Apples, 4@l 1 /ie
9 B>; sun-dried. 1 Vi&2c: Peaches, 3i/i>iVßsc and 6c
for fancy; peeled In boxes. 12Ujc i& Si; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 6etsVio for 4Oj*sO's and 4Vj-aisc
for 6O@6O's; Apricots. ts^@9o for prime to choice
10@llo for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3V 2 c:
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears, 8c tb for evapor
ated halves and 4(<£7 1 .<?^ tor quarters; Plums,
3Vi@4c for pitted and lfg/1 1 for unpltMd; Nec
tarines. 4@Sc ft Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose. 3 4c; 3-crown. loose, 3c; 2-crown,
2i/t|C Ib; seedless Sultanas, 3 iA>®3»ic; seedless
Muscatels, 2V3fg,- :( ,iC: three-crown London layers,
70c V box: clusters. $1 35<ai 60; Dehesa clusters.
$•2 lowj-' -25; Imperial clusters, $2 00@i!75; Dried
Grapes, ft tt>.
Jobbing I'ricfj»— Four-crown loose, 3V«@4c: 3
crown, 3V«c V It: 2-crown, i4@Bci 4 @Bc Seedless Sul
tanas. 4c V Ib: Seedless Muscatels, 3c; S-crown
London layers, 76090 c; clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60: Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried U rapes, —
NUTS— Walnuts are qnoiab c at 9@llc ft Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c $ Ib for paper-shell, Job
bine lots; Almonds, 6(£7i,jC % Ib for Languedoc
and B',Afcfiloc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, .*> 1 j
@7c for Eastern and 4 VL>&>s V 2 c for California: Hick
ory.Nuls, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c lor
polished; Filberts. B@9c; Brazil Nut* 9@loc 9
>; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5^ 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c f, lb for
bright and Brs9c ft Si for lower grades: water
white extracted, 6<*s Vis 9 Dt; light amber ex
tracted, 41.4*43/; c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@*>.
BKEaWAX-56@'27%c » Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— B.<con, 60 V ft) for heavy,. 7c
for light meoium, 9c ft Ib for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c $ ft* (or sugar-cured; Kastern Sugar
cured llams, llV 3 c; California Hams. 10c ? Ib:
Mess Beef. $7 60(.jS; extra mess do, 9 8 r>o<&9: fam
ily do, S10: extra prime Pork, $8 B0(g»9: extra
clear, $14 «* bbl: mess, » 12 V bbl: Smoked Beef,
10c ? lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6>40 9 Is
for compound and 6»40 for pure; palls, 7i^c: Cali
fornia tierces, sy,e tor compound and bVic for
Dure; half-bbls, 6Vl@oV^c; 10- tins, 7y*c; do 6-!b,
78^c r> a>.
COTTOLENE— In tierces and 7@7s/ c
» lb in 10-Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7c $ lb; culls and brands, 6c 9
lb; medium. 6c p tb; culls and brands. Be; light,
Be; culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, 5(a.5 ';0 V Ib;
colls and brands, 4@4Vsc: salted Kip, 5c 9 Ib;
salted Calf • 7c: Raited veal. tic; dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, tic? tb: dry Kip and Veal,
H@9c; cnns, 7c: dry Calf, l&c: culls, 10c; Goat-
SKlns, 20<a*3Bc each*; Kids. Be; Deerskins, good
summer, 80c: medium, lB@25o: winter, 10@I5c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(<615c each; short wool,
20(g,a5e each; medium, 40@60c each; long wools,
60c each. Culls of all kinds about V-c less. ■
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3V4^3i^c; No. 2,
3c: refined. 5y 2 rg;6s.ic: Grease. 2 Vic* lb.
WOOL— Oregon, 9@lOVaC V Tb: do lower
grades. B@9y 2 c? Ib; Spring Nevada. 6@90: San
Joaquin and southern Coast, six months, 4@Bc;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San .
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4V2@6Vac; northern free, 7
@9c: do, defective, 6@6V*c V ">■
HOPS— Nominally 1 i/s!S)S c «* *• . .
GENERAL, 3IEKCHANDISB.
BAGS-Flrm and advancing. Calcutta Grain
Bags, spot, W2o@4 25; June-July delivery,
*4 37%; San Quentin, »4 20: Wool Bags, 24%®
26V4C . .
• COAL— Prices show some change. A circular
for Australia says: , "There are only three vessels
now en route from Newcastle aggregating about
10,000 tons capacity, and ■ three from Sydney of
about 9000 tons. As these six vessels are all that* 1
can arrive here with Colonial Coal before August
and possibly September, this means a market at
ilia time almost entirely bare of these Coals. This
has naturally led to a marked advance of price, in
fact, owners will not name a price for any Austra
lian now afloat. Of course no Coal famine need De
apprehended as we have sources to draw from on
our northern coast, which will always guard us
against a Coal famine. With a sparse^upply of
English and Australian en route and in stock the
Owners of our Coast mines will assuredly feel justi
fied in gradually advancing their figures and in
creasing their shipments. The cessation of .New
castle shipments has been caused by the continua
tion of the strike which commenced about one
month ago and yet continues. Its further duration
is a matter of guesswork, as the feeling existing
between owners and operatives Is very bitter. As
there must now,be fully 75 steamers | and sailing
vessels at anchor In Newcastle awaiting their load-
Ing turns. It can be readily imagined what a seri
ous embargo is being placed on the commerce of
the Colonies." ■ .- -
Wellington quotable at $8; New Wellington,
♦8 t* ton: Soutntleld Wellington. 17 60, ifc ton;
(Seattle. *s<a;s 60; Bryant. «5: Coos Bay S4 50;
Wailsend. «7; scotch, f7 60: Bryinbo. »7 60:
Cumberland, *llrmi2 in bulk and *\3<ai4 In ska;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 60: Welsh An
thracite, $8; Cannel, «7 10: Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Weasant .Valley. #7 60; Coke, •11©12
,A ulk and * 13 «* ton In sacks. ..
■ GASOLINE AND NAPHTHA— The Standard
Oil Company has made ' the . following changes:
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 14c; do, in ,
cases, 19W:; 63" Deodorized Naphtha, In bulk,
18c; do. in cases, IBV3C,
Coal Oil and Gasoline are unchanged.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6Vic: Dry Granulated, 5%c;
Confectionets' A, sV^c; Magnolia A. sc: Extra
C, 4%c; Golden C, 43,4 c: half-barrels, Vie- more
than barrels, and boxes Vie more.
■SYKUP-Golden, in obis, 1 60: Black Strap. 100
V gaL ■ . •; ■
SAN FBANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
. Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows ' - ■ «.'",■
BEEF— First quality, 6@6V4c; second do, 4Va@
4%c -.third do, 3V<a@4c ?Hb.
VEAL— Large, s@6c; small, 6@7c V St.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6@sVac; Ewes. 4Vafflso
V Ib.
LAMB— Lamb. 6@6V<|C V «>•
PORK-Live Hogs, 3y a @3V 4 c x> » for large and
.°.i,4'<433 8 c for small and medium; dressed do, 4 Vi
©sVicVtt>. _______ ;
1-f : RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
roit 24 HOURS.
Floor, ar. sks 12.316 Cheese, ctls, 242
Wheat. ctls 3,100 Eggs. dos... 13,950
Barley, ctla... 4.060; Hides, no _ 177
Corn, ctls l,600; Pelts. Ddls. ._...._ 375
Rye, ctls. „ 130 Wool. bi5.. ........ 139
Beans, ska ...,_i. 1,040 Wine, gals .43,300
Potatoes, 5ka.....— 1,64 4 Brandy, gals. 3,300
Onions, sks 1.477 Quicksilver. Basics 82
Br»n, ana. m 1,600 Raisins, bxs £00
Middlings. 1k5..... 11l Chicory, bbls... 60
Hay, tons. _ 640 Lumber. M feet... 30
(Straw, tons 50 Leather, r0115...—. 201
Butter, ctls _ S2lHops, bis 68
THE STOCK MARKET.
While there was not much change In mining
stocks yesterday values were slightly off Inmost
cases and trading was also lighter. The Mexican
assessment falls delinquent in office to-day and the
Occidental Con. delinquent sale takes place also.
In the Chollar mine (Comstock workings) In the
stope above 2 crosscut, 150 level, there Is no
cha nge of Importance to report for the week. We
continue to work the streak in the hanging wall
and have crosscutted to the east on the seventh
floor twenty feet, finding nothing of value there
so far.
In the south stope on this level they are assort
ing the fillings. In the winze below this point the
streak of ore reported last week continues of about
the same size and value, and the ore is saved for
pay.
They have shipped to the Nevada mill for reduc
tion during the past week 124 tons and 1800
pounds of ore. The average battery sample of the
ore with that heretofore extracted was $25 80.
In the Potosi mine (Comstock workings) from
the top of the raise from the south stope on the
450 level they have run an east crosscut 20 feet,
passing through vein material composed of clay
and quartz, assaying from $5 to 910 per ton.
They have started a north drift from the top of
the raise, following the vein, and are finding
bunches of pay that assay well. The drift is out 10
feet. '
In the west crosscut from the 650 level they have
started a south lateral drift 470 feet from the
shaft, which is out 12 feet.
From the raise above the southwest drift on the
tunnel level they have continued the northeast
crosscut on the fourth floor 40 feet, where it was
discontlnned, finding nothing of value.
They then started a southwest crosscut from the
top of the raise, com inuing it 28 feet in low-grade
matter.
BOAKD SALKS.
Following were ths sale* in toe San rranolsaa
Blocc Board yesterday:
RHOn.AB MORNINO BMSIO!* rOWMKNCIWrt 9:30.
100 Alpha 26 600 Caleda.. .. 12 300 HAN. ..2.90
300 25 400 Chollar.2.Bo 100 Mxcan.l.os
600 Alta. lU-200 2.85 200 1.10
100 11400 CCAV ...2.80 200 P0t05i. .1.45
400 09| 50 2.75 500 Savage.l.6s
100 Andes.... 4l 200 C P0int... 71 '200 1.60
300 Belcner...BK3oo 70 100 8Nev..1.05
400 B A U..1.46 1 200 Exchqr.. .10 110 1.00
500 Bodle 70 400 O A C. ..1.55 350 V Jckt....64
300 8u1w«.... 40 200 HAN... 2.95
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2: 30.
100 Alpna.-..28100CC*V...2.80 300 P0t051...1.50
100 Alta. 10 100 2.85200 1.56
200 Andes.... 4o 200 Excnqr...O9 350 Savage.. 1.5U
200 8e1cher... 76 500 G & C..1.55J150 1 45
200 78,450 HAN... 3.00 -200 Meg 8e1... 20
50 B A B.. 1.40)100 3.05j150 S Xev..1.00
400 Bullion.. .28:100 Justice... 1 3800 S Hill 07
800 Caleda.... 1 11300 Mex... 1.05,150 Union.... 91
100Cna11ng...49J4000cc1dt1..1.60 50 90
450 Ch0Uar.. 2.60 150 0phir.... 1.75:300 Utah. .....19
350 2.86300 Ovrmn... .lß|
following were t&e sates in the Pacifla awe*
Eoard yesterday:
Hiarui skssiox — 10:3 m.
200 Aloha 25 150 CC&V.. 2.75,200 Occid.l.67V»
100 Alts, 11 50 2.77VJ500 1.60
300 A noes.... 40100 Conn.... 1.35 400 1.55
100 Belcner...Bl -200 C 1mp.... 02 150 Ophlrl.72y.
600 801200 03200 Ovrmn 14
600 79J100C NY.... 12 1000 Potosi. l.so
700 77J400 Crwn Pt...70 600 1.45
400 7« 100 Exchqr...lO 150 1.471 A
500 8&8... -1.40:400 09 2M> Savage.. 1.45
700 1.35 350 O AC. ..1.60 300 1.50
100 Bodle 7U 400 1.55 200 1.55
100 8u1110U... '26200 HAN ...'2.95 100 1.57 V*
400 27 950 3.00 500 Scorpion..o»
150 28, 50 3.06 200 558AM....18
200 8u1wer... 40 300 2.90 500 B Nv....1.05
200 Caleda 12 50 2.92 V* '200 1.02Va
100 Cha11ge... 45 300 Julia 20 500 811 Hi 11 ....06
600 Chollar. 2.Bo 200 Justice. ...I '2 200 Union C..90
700 2.85 500 Kentuck..o6loo 93
200 2 9U 100 Mexnl.o7i<'2 100 Utah 16
900 2.80 300 I.OVIOO YJacKst..6O
100 2.77VV100 1.U2W250 68
100 2"I 500 Mono 11100 -....69
60 2.751
ATTEBNOOK SESSION— 2:BO.
200 Alpha 25 100 Conn.... 1.35(200 Mez 1.05
1400 Alta 10 500 Con 1m.. .021100 1.021,1
300 Andes 312 00 Con NY..1U200 Occd ....1 65
■200 Blcnr 76 100 C Point. . .BSiIOO 0ph1r....1.75
200 KO'loo ....—.....67|300 0vrmn....14
100 Bt 8.. 1.40500 69450 Potosi.. 1.50
300 1S 8 300 70350 1.52V2
100 1.36500 Exchqr...lO iOO Savage.. l.ss
150Bodte 71 100 U «tC ..1.65 400 Scorpion.. o9
700 8u11i0n.. .29 100 1.62V^300 S 8&M....18
100 281100 HAN ...3.05200 S Ny 1 021-2
500 8u1wer... 39|100 ....3.00 500 811 Hi 11.. .06
300 Caled 111100 3.lo2ooUnion ...90
100 Ch11nge... 461100 Julia. 20 100 Utah 15
700 Ch0ur... 2.85 500 Justice... 12 200 V Jacket. .6o
300 2% 200 Kentuck..O6 100 56
160 CCV 2.80500 Mono 11(200 62
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, May 27-4 p. v.
BiA.Atkm\ BltLA»k*&.
Alpha C0n..... 27 29;JuIia. — 19
Alt* 09 lOJnstlc* 12 13
Andes - 39 41 KentucK. ..._ 05 07
Belcher 80 81 lady Wash.. „ 04 06
Best <tß«lch«fc 1.35 1.40 Mexican.. ...« l.oo 1.05
BtntonCon.... 25 — !Mono — 12
Bodie _ 68 70 N evada Qaesa — 05
Bullion _ 27 29 Occidental 1.65 1.60
Bulwer 37 40 Ophir -1.70 1.75
Caledonia...... 10 I] ; Overman ...... 16 17
Cnollar 2.80 2.90 I'otosl ......... 1.45 1.50
Lon-CaLA Va. 2.80 2.85 toavrge -1.45 1.511
Challenge Oou. 46 48>eg. Belcher... 16 17
Con. Imperial. 02 03! Scorpion....™. 06 —
Confidence..... 1.35 — {Syndicate 03 04
Crown Point... 69 71 Silver Hi 11...— 06 07
EaatSierraSew — 0«:Blerra Nevada. 1.00 1.05
Exchequer..... 08 10 Union Coa.. KM 90
Uoulddt Curry. 1.50 I.66.ttab 18 19
Hm Ji.Nurcrs.3.os 3.101 Yellow Jaoicas. 61 62
Jackson. 40 —I
GOLD MININO EXCHANGE.
300 Amalle 2 50 Providence
160 a 65 Asked 80 00
6 Champion 25 00 1 00 Savannah 39
Edna 200 41
Bid 60 300 43
lOOGrant — 13i500 45
200 14"200 46
Kennedy 100 m 44
Bid 10 00 20i) Sebastopol 48
Keystone. 200 49
Bid 65 00 200 Thorpe 70
POO Lockwood Con.. 84 vJOO 72
100 „ 35100 74
:•' LOCAL SECURITIES. ,
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Ironworks 90
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water 7 00
Bid 50 Spring Valley Water.. » 9850
Bid 60 Oceanic Steamship.........; 2000
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. May 27-2 F.M.
';'■:', fMTKI)hT*TiI BONUS. •. •
JSId. Atked. . Bid. As*e&.
cb 4s c0up. .108% — c 8 «• rag... 108% -
Do, new 1a... 117 — |
UWCEItAVKOIM ROVDI. •
Cal-*tCbless. '—■ .US Do. Sd iss (Is. — —
Cat Elm L 6s. — " IJ2'- 2V* OHy 105 130
CntraCWOa. 96% 98 IVtCb Ilr — 107
Dpnt-nt ex-cp 77 05 Pwl-st.RR6s. — 116 Vi
EdsnL&P 6s. * — 12SJ% Reno. WUIi — 105
RR6s. 10*y 3 — River WCoBs — 100 :
Gearv-stRSs. 1021/3105 ;-actoP«fcL.. - 10'JVi
LosAnsLtfs. - 103 |&F<».XPKRSsIOI^IO2Vfe
Do.Unted.os. - 103 bPRRArisOs — 98
Mkt-stCble6sl33 — bl'HUCal6s~ 108y a lll
DoKvConßs.. — fcPilßCalOs. > - — •-'
NeTCN s R7s. ' 95 105 ei'BrßCaie*. 9PJ* —
PCRR6*. - 108 SVWateros.. 118^41 19%
IS Ry Cai 6s. 102 105 SVWateris... 988/* 99 Va
NRyCai6s. — * 100 StkinU&Kßj - 100
Oak Uis 55.. 101 104 Vi BunstT&T6s. 100 —
pa 2d las sj. 10 4 fciutter-alKs*.lo7^ —
Omnibus 65.. 119 Vi — VisallaWCiM — 8J
rfccKollMOs- — _
WATKK STOCKS
g> n r^».CoaU S7 39 |8aa40M.:... 75 100
MartnCo.... 50 - Spring Valley . 98% 99
. :' <A« RTOCK<L .
Capital....... 20 30 Pacific Light 47 48%
n wSH'i."" M ~ Banirraneaco 92*4 93
OUOUH. S2 .63 Stockton..... - V * aiX4
PacUaslxna, »5% 87 : * A^*
INsU&AXCK ITOCK4.
riramansFd.l66 — |Bun ....... ...2ft 60
COMMERCIAL BANK KTIVTt'v '
AmerBATO. - _: LonaonP&A. 128 l'J9
An lo-Cal ... 8184 ._ , LondoniSB 1 . — 27%
Bankof CaL. - . 242V<,|Merch Kx... 12 —^*
CaIBD&TCo. 56 Nevada^ - -
FlrnNatlOnL 178 182 V. Bather B OOu — «■
Grangers.... — _ 1 • ,
• AVISTOS BANK BTO3KI. . '
GerS<fcLCo..)42o . - Par A Loan.. — 100
HumbS&L.llOO 1480 Security."- -' 260
JHS^Klir: ~ *° Union Trust 750 800
bi bavUuloa — 485
.. .' .. STRKKT BAILBOAD STOCKS. :
California.... - no f joaic.SLdtllay - 100
Ueary-5t...,. — 62 • Presidio. ~Z 6 7%
POWDICK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 Vi — Judaon — —
East' m D... 75 87 i6lanu....V.*H 24% 25
California.... 75 100 JVigont. 75c 95c
MI-'-Kl.l .ANlTirt -.TWK*.
££& PSP S - 96 Va100 OceanlcS3C<J — 24%
BlkDCoalCa — , 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
Ca^CotMlUi. - - Pac Borax.- 98 100
CalDrvDoolc — — PaclANci — 80
Light. 117 1171,4 Pac Roll MIU - -
Gascon Assa. — — i ParfPalntOo. 61A 7%
GerLeadCa. 85 — PacTransOo. — *4
HawC&SCo- . 2014 20!% Pac T& TOO 65 70
HntchSPCa. 26S/ A 27V4 BunsetTAT.. 41 —
JndsonMfgG. — — UnltodUUOk. — 2&
UerKxAssnlOO 110 UOUWVJ *' *»
• BALKS— MOBNIXa SBBSIOX.
Board—
. 25 Giant Powder Con 25 12JA
IB _do do ; " 26 00
30 Hawaiian Commercial..... 20 25
20 Market-st Railway .., 44 00 ■
25 SF Gaslight ".'. bj as
35 SV Water 98 87Va
• Street—
95000 S P Branch Railway 80nd5....... 100 00
BALES- AFTERNOON SBSSIOV.
Board— : - ■-'• >;-. *j >:
20 Hawaiian Commercial. 20 25
136 Uutchlnson S P Co. 27 00
25 SF Gaslight 92 25
25 SV Water. b5 99 00
$5000 s p of A Bonds 97 00
Street— . V -..-,, ■.-<:*'. jv; ■ .
165 S F Gaslight, b 3 92 25
.— .
A. Bottle's Sea Voyage.
On April 4. 1895, James B. O'Neill of
Philadelphia tossed overboard from the
steamship Stuttgart a bottle containg a re
quest for the finder to return it to him at
his address in Philadelphia, offering a re
ward of $5. Tuesday Mr. O'Neill was
somewhat surprised to get his paper back.
On the otber side several fines were
scrawled, bearing the signature of John
George Lovell and dated March 13, 1896,
Ballyoughtra, west of Kerry, Ireland.
Lovell wrote that he had found the bottle
wbile cutting seaweed among the rocks.
The epistle concluded as follows : "I must
tell you when I found this that there was
half a glass of water in the bottle, which
made the Paper Damp as you will See your
self by this and Very hard to write on it
and as to the Five Dollars its not in the ac
count of them I am returning this sheet,
although I Could not be Poorer than what
I am and as hard working."
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May. 1898
[au.Mo.'To.W^TIi. Fr. 8». Moon', Phases. [
i. 12 ~~
Last Quarter.
• v *» / May 4.
3 4 6 6 7 8 9 r- — —
■ jo i£ ii }9 i£ is 77 © NcW M^?a.
17 18 19 20 21 22 23 /-f\Ftrst Quarter
vy May 19.
24 25 26 27 28 29 30
f$\ Full Moon.
[31 ' I . . ■ . \£J ■ May 26.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMER. j DgSTIJfATION-. [ BAILS. | PIKB.
Anuto I Coos U»t May28.X0AMi'ier 13
Columbia... j Portland May28,10AMiPler 24
City Sydney Panama Ma"y28,12 MJP MSS
Monowai ....Sydney |May28. 2pm (Oceanic
Beljslc j China & Japan 'May 28, Sru P M S 8
Mexico Ban Ulego iMay29.1lAu Pier 11
Cmaillla. ... Vicil'jt Snd May:», 9am 1'ierS*
Pomona..... HumboldtiJay Mkv29. 2fm 1'ier 9
•'-Paul NewDOrt IMaySl. 9am Pier 11
Empire Oregon ports.. Jne 1. SPM^PlerlS
Orizaba. : Mexico jJne 2,10am j Pier 11
Btateot Cai I Portlana jJne 2,10am ' Pier 24
Corona i San Diego Jne 2,11am : Pier 11
F&ranon — \aquinaJUay. Jne 2, 9AMPier2
t'ltyPuebla.. Vie <t Pgt Sno Jne S. 9am Pier 9
Weeott Eel Kiver !jne 8. 9am Pier IS
Enr«K» ! Swrpor. .. Jne 4. »am/ t'ler 11
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
aTBAMEB | From I dui
Mackinaw I aroma Hay "28
San Bias Panama... May '28
Pomona. Ham bold Bay. May 28
Paul I Newport. -...;.. May 29
Willamette 'Seattle May '29
City ot i'ueuia.. Victoria <fc Pugec bound ..May 30
6tateot Car..... Portland. ,.j May HO
Empire 4 Portland May 30
farallon. | YaaulDa Bay.. .. May 31
Crescent Cur... Crescent City. May 31
Weeotu. ........ Eel River May 31
Corona San Diego.. ..May 31
Cltv of Everett Nanaimo May 31
Arcata Portland June 1
KareKa „.. Newport ..June 2
North ForiL. um bold t Bar June 2
Aratro. ..-.: Coos Bay .'......, ..Jane- 2
Propreso Seattle....;....; June 2
Columbia Portland June 4
Mexico •Sun Diego June 4
Walla Walla.... j Victoria & Puget sound ..June 4
Del Norte Grays Haroor ..June 4
Alameda. Sydney June 4
Peru China and Japan June 4
Acapnlco. Panama June 5
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. 8. Coast aj*d GicoDirrro Bitbvky TidY)
BtTLHITIN- PCBLISHKD BT OFFICIAL V
AUTHORITY OF THE SUPIBIXTKNDIt«fT. J
Thursday May 28.
Snnrlses 4.50' M00n rises 9.43 m
Sunsets 7.26iM00n sets
Mhv— lß96.
% Time Feet Tim. Feet Time F»et Time Fe«
K ; L. \V H \V L W H \V
28 6.641—1.7 2.26 41 6.36 3.2 | .....
H W Feet L W Feet H W Feet L W ! Feet
29 0.17 5.7 7.41 —1.5 3.21 4.5 7.24 3.3
SO 1.04 5.4 8.27 —1.2 4.13 4.6 8.31 3.3
31 1.67 4.6 9.111-0.7 5.00 4.6 9.48 3.2
Just
1 3.02 4.3! 9.04 —0.11 5.38 4.8 11.10 2.8
3 "4.18 3.7 10.38 0.5 6.14 4.9 ...... .'.....
L W Feet H W Feet L W Feet H W Feet
3 0.28 2.5 538 3.5 11.27 1.0 6 51 5.0
4 1.32 1.9 1 6.67 3.3 12.09 1.5 7.31 6.0
•>ote- in the a pove exjioaition of the tides the
#arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column given the last tide of the day, except
when there are but fhree tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subiractive
from the depth r i yen by 1 be charts
HYDROCRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Skancr Htdrooraphic Officb, TT. S. JT. 1
Merchants' Excrandr. V
San Francisco. May 27. 1891 )
The time' ball on Telegraph hull was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of ths 120 th
meridian, or exactly at b r. m.. Greenwich tinia.
A. F. jKrchtklkr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charita.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, May 27.
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, from Cbignik Bay, via
Port Angeles via Comox 6 days: 200 piles, to J N
Kuowles; 493 tons coal, to R Dunsmuir <fc Sons.
Stmr Santa Rasa, Alexander, 60' « hours fm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Uoodali, Perkins &
Co.
Stmr Albion, Lundquist. 72 hours from As
toria: lumber, to J S Kimball.
t,tmr Starbuck, Blackburn, 22 days from
Panama, via San Jose de Guatemala; ballast to
P M S 8 Co.
ScUr J B Leeds, Johnson, 63 days from Ama
pala, bound for Portland. Put in for provisions.
Schr Ottillle i-'jord, Segethorst, 6 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to Wilson Bros <£ Co.
Schr Nettle Low. Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes; 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer <fc Co; 100
cs creum, to California Creamery Co.
Scnr Eureka, Wershuleit, 3 days from Coauille
River: 170 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. May 27.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
andNav Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, May 27.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brtdgett. Ventura.
Stmr Eureka, Jepson. San Pedro.
Slmr Weeott, Whitney, Eel River.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Coos Bay.
Stmr Sunol. Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Navarro, Hardwick.
Slmr Whitesooro, Johnson.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosrup, Tacoma.
Stmr National City. Audresen, Eureka.
Schr Eva, Klitgard. Eureka.
Schr Esther Buhue, Anderson, Eureka.
Schr John A, Hellqulst, F.ureKa.
Schr Christina Steffens. Nordltng, Flsks Mill.
Schr Albion, Svenson. Nehalem River. -
fechr Archie and Fontle. Colstrup.
Schr Mary c. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson, Coqullle River.
Telegraphic.
point i.(ibos. May 27-10 n, ic.-Weatbsr
th ck: wind S; velocity. 12 miles.
Spoken.
Per r> Hot boat Bonlta— Anchored on the bar the
sciir J B Leeds from Mexico, for San Francisco.
Voiuestic Ports*.
ALBlON— Sailed May 27— Schr Bessie X, for
San Francisco.
USAL— Sailed May 27— Stmr Protection, from
Bed 00 dp.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 26— Sohr Ruby
A Cousins and schr Lfllebonne, hence May 13.
POINT REYES-PassedMay 27— Stuxr Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for ban Pedro.
TACOMA- Arrived May 27-Br ship Earl of
Cnnmore, from Melbourne.
-N a VARRO— sailed May 27— Stmr Point Arena,
for San Francisco,
TATOOSH— Passed May 27— Schr F S Redneld,
from Tacoma, for Sun Pedro.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived May 27— Stmr Faral
ion. hence May 24.
NKW WHATCOM-Salled May 27— Bktn Moni
tor, for San Francisco.
I CASPAR— Sailed May 27-Stmr Jewel.
NEWPORT— : May > 27— Schr Reporter,
B^^ O _Ni la LAN blNG_Salled' W 27-Schr
BOWENB LANDINQ-Salled May 27 -Schr
Newark, for San Francisco. South Coast.
EUREKA-Arrived May 27-Stmr South Coast,
he Sa C ifed l Afav 6 27-Btmr Pomona." for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO-Arrlved May 27-Schr. Sequoia,
from Port Hadlock. .
■' 'Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK-Arrlved May 26— Ship Georg*
Stetson, hence Jan 30.
• ~; ; Foreign Ports. ■
LA LIBERTAD— SaiIed May 27-Schr Challen
g%^OP H D rrr?ved May 26-Schr Fred »
Sander, from Port Gamble. May 24-Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
COLON— Sailed May 25-Stmr Finance, for New
YDELAGOAY DELAGOA BAY-Arrived May 2 4-Br ship
Clan Buchanan, from Vancouver.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Stnamors.
YEW YORK- Arrived May 27— Stuttgart,
from Bremen: stmr Spree, from Bremen and
1 Southampton: stmr Schiedam, from Amsterdam:
stmr Majestic, from Liverpool and Queenstown;
s-mr Ktliiopia. from Glasgow. for Southamo-
Ss'led Miv 87-8« or New York, for Southamn
ton; stmr Kensington, for Antwerp: stmr Britan
n SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out May 27— Stmr?
S Safleli May 27-Stmr Lahn, for New York. -_
BOULOGNE— Arrived out May 27 — Stmr
'AMSTERDAM— Arrived out May 27— Stmc
F QUEENSTqWN-Sailed May 27-Stmr Aura
fl°LLV-Assed May 27-Stmr Mississippi, fm
New York, for London. o,_ ' i>_.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed May 27— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
Importation*.
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— Bß bdls dried flsh,
3 pkgs tobacco, 4 sks beeswax, 7 cs hon<»v, 4 kegs
anchov.es, 26 Dkgs flsh. 199 bxs lemons. 16.b M
limes, 199 bxs lemons, 101 bxa oranges, 179 pkgs
Santa Barbara— los bxs lemons, 6 bxaorangesi
88 ban dry pelts. 182 pkgs mdse. ,
Redondo-1 pkg mdse, 63 bxs lemons, 602 bxs
oranges. 72 puncheons wine.
Los Angeles via Redondo— 9 pkgs mdse.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— sß pkgs mase,
3 bxs china goods, 3 bxs chocolate, 7 bbls grease,
26 bxs oranges. -
Port Los Angeles— 7 bxs tomatoes, 2 pkgs mdse,
11 bxs squash, 3 bxs lemons. 1200 sks corn.
Port Harford— 46 bxs ttsh, 3cs beeswax, I coop
turkeys, 14 dressed calves, 13 coops chickens, 45
cs egita, 26 tubs 65y 2 bxs butter, 58 pkgs mdse, 3
sks gj-Dsum, 7 cs cheese, 32 cs wine.
Per Santa Rosa— Enterprise Brewery ; H Dutard!
Cox Seed and Plant Co; Wheaton, Breon <fe Co; W
Cline; Jonaa Erlanger & Co;' Norton, Teller •& Co :
HUmer. BredhorT dt Sohnls; C E Whitney <fc Co; J
MJloore; Cal Bottlln* Co: Fredericksburg Brew
ery; Hills Bros; Western Meat Co: L D Stone <fc Co;
Brigham.Hoppe <fc Co: Ross <t Hewlett; Italian-
Swiss Colony : Jacob UnnaCo; American Union
Fish Co; H Kirchmann & Co: B a Runl <S Co; T J
Kennedy; Dairymen's Union; Russ, Sanders <fe Co;
H lieckmanA Co: Witzel <fc Baker; J Hoffman; F
B Wakefleld: O Camilloni & Co: Chas Jacobson &
Co; J H Cain & Co; Murphy. Grant <fcCo; Kittle <ft
Co; Bissinger«fcCo: San Francisco Brewing Co; It
FCabral) Pacific Coast Fish Co: Union Gas En
gine Co; Jacobs * Co; A Levy A Co; Abramson,
Bacon <fc Co: E T Allen; D Hamburger: Rislon
Iron Works; W F Mitchell; W P Fuller* Co: H O
Greenhood: Levi Spleeel A Co; M T Freitas & Co;
Pacific Coast Syrup Co; Wetmore Bros; Southern,
California Fruit Co; A Galll Fruit Co; California
Wine Associat on; Braunschwelger A Co; A F
Dupey &Co: X) E Allison & Co; Wood, Curtis &Co;
Pacific Ammonia and Chemical Works: Carpe/ <%
Co; Brown & Adams; Gray & Barbierl; W H.
Miner; EWarrel: J Ivancovlch & Lo: Newmark
& Edwards: Hulse, Bradford & Co: Buckingham <fe
He-ht.
OCEAH STEAMSHIPS!
ASTORIA ANffJORTLANtt
: $2.50 Second Class,' $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Eiate of California sails.. May 23 and June 2
Columbia 5ai15.......;......... May 18 and 28
From Spear- st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. ic .
6OODALL, PERKINS it CO., Genl. Snpts.
i: F. CON OR, General Agent,
630 Market street,
PAanc coast STEAMSHIP cojipajii
CUT RATES
TO — —
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class 68.00
Second Class SSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS** CO.,
■ • . : General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A**
Broadway wharf, Ban Francisco, as ■*JUJW
follows: . .
For Mary Island, Lorlnsr. Wrangel. Juneau. Kit
Hsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at » a. k., May 14,
29, June 3, 13, 18. aB. . : .;
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port To— »
•end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingliam Bay, Wash.), 9 a. it
May 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. *9. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at - Tacoma with N. P. R. li-
st Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wltta
Alaska steamers. ■ <
For Eureka. A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum- '
hold Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. v.. May 1. 6. 9,
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San- Luis Oblspo), Onviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
3, 7. 11, 16, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. . .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
' Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. v.. .May 1. 5. 9. 13. 17, 21, 25. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La,
Pax. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba, I
10 a. m., June 1, 27, ana 25th of each month there* •
aft- r.
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomsty
street.
UOODALI* PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
COIPAGSIE GEIERAL.iUSSATLiITiQUB
French Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'SPIER (XEW).42 NORTH je^m ■
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■£&s&£
this line avoid both transit oy English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pari*
tirst-ciass $160: second-class, $116. ■
LA TOURAINE. Capt. Bantelli ..May 2& 8 a it
LA NORMANDIE. ..;..; May as! 8 A. £
LA GASCOGNE ...Ju c 20, 7a.il
LA SOK.iANIIIiS July 4. 6 a it.
LA OASOOGRB I.July 25. 11 a. ic
LA NORM A NDIE. .;.„...... ....Amtust 1, 6 a. it
LA BOURGOGXE. Capt. Leb>eut .June 6. 7 a. it
gar For further particulars apply to
— _' A. FORGET. Agent,
J. P. FUQAZI * CO., Agent 5 Montgomow
»vejue. San Franciscc.
CEANIC S.S. CO. £\ days to
OCEANIC S.S. CO. IL~. days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, fLaw HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, W\ by
AUSTRALIA. %J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
■ ' A^p&f M^9 UA i s llB Vla HONOLULU an«
t\p^t AND forSYI »^Y. Thursday, May 28?
So" A°fr,?? I ' G ARDIE> AUBt "' ana CAPETOWN
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues.
lay, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROa CO., Agts.
. Freight Office. 327 Market st./san ftg > a£g' t>
f__J_& a X HAXBDRG.AXERIGAI LISE
fe-^-^^^s^^ TWIX-SORKW EXPRESS
"■ ~ r^' "**"' "■ ■" " Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, laris <fc iiambnre.
Columbia. June 4 I A. Victoria.. ....JunelS
Normannla..v...Junell | F. Bismarck.... June 25
1. Cab., $95 and upward; 11. Cab., $50 and UDward
PLVMOUTH-LOXDOX. (U b.. free of char^T
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS 6iih
t t™ P «7* a if c a s Ply ".HAMBURG- AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V., or to X VII V & h?d
ZOO. Agents. 401 Callfornlast-San FrancUco.c^
ROYAL MAIL STEAJ_PACRET
STEAMERS I LEAVE ASPIN WALL fngm
fortnightly for the West Indies and V^S3I
Southampton, calling en '. route *at Cerbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers
ThrouKii bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
Class, *9? 50. For further particulars apply to
PAJRROTT & CO., Agents,
: 306 California at,
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave No. 3, h i ngton s^
Sunday at 7 I*. M*.
«3- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. '
STJEAMEKs: c '
T. C. "Walker, ■ ,t n p *«».
ry ,° a " att ' City of Stockton.
Tele, phone Main 80S. Cai. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FALLEJO, IARE ISHSD, *BESIGIA, POET
COSTA All CROCKETT.
SJ'K. BIONTICEI.r,O,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. m.
and 4 F. m. : Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r/iu?
H».H.only. Bund «y-»^-^
Landing, Mission X. Pi« », ;ALL BLAMED ON
A PET CANARY,
Its Attachment by the Sher
iff Results in a
Divorce.
A WIFE'S NOVEL PLAINT
Mrs. Buckemein B amed for Sell
ing Her Husband's
Pet Bird.
ORDERED TO LEAVE HOME.
The Story of Her Many Troubles Will
Soon Be Told in the Divorce
Court.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 27. j j
A little canary bird that sings sweetly i
■was the innocent cause of originating a di- !
vorce suit that has been riled in this
county.
The little bird was a pet, of course, and
was the property of Max Buckemein, and
according to the wife's complaint it was
more of a pet to him than was his wife.
The troubles began wben Max Bucke
nieia published a notice that his wife,
Elizabeth, had left his home, and that he
would henceforth cease to be responsible
for her debts. Then he gave out the im
pression that his wife was gay and too
fond of fine dress to oe the better half of a
I lain, though not penniless butcher.
Buckemein did not tell his friends any
thing about his canary bird, but in her
complaint Mrs. Buckemein reveals the se
cret and tells a story that does not har
monize at all with that to id by her hus
band.
The trouble began with the seizure by a
constable of tbe canary bird and cage.
Bucktmein had a judgment rendered
against him, and when he refused to sat
isfy it the constable hunted around for
something to attach.
Among other things he look away the
bird and cage, both of which were highly
prized by Bucnemein. When he found
that his pet was gone and that only the
hook on the wall remained to remind him
ofwhattiad been, he became uproarious
and acensed his wife of having entered
into a conspiracy with his creditors to get
his property. On these occasions he alto
gether forgot the amenities that should
exist between husband and wife, and ac
cordine to her story acted in a manner
absolutely cruel.
In the early part of April Mrs. Bucke
mein 6ays that life with her husband was
unbearable. He refused to give her the
common necessities of life, and when she
asked for anything she was assaulted an>i
invited to starve to death. Her husband
would frequently stand and look at the
book where his "pet canary used to hang
and whistle, and each time he would try
and impress upon his wife how muca less
dear she was to him than his canary.
On such occasions he would give weight
to his remarks by flinging handy missiles
at his wife, which frequently hit her and
caused grievous bodily pain. The un
happy woman still bears the marks of
bruises that were indicted during the
spells of anger inspired by the empty hook
on the wall.
Six weeks ago the domestic unhappi
ness of the Buckemein household reacued
a climax. On April 6 the wife was ordered
to ieave, and as she did not immediately
show a desire to obey some very dire
threats were made. She says that fear
caused her to flee as fast as she could, and
that she did not willingly desert her hus
band.
Mrs. Backemein was not particularly
anxious for a divorce so long as nothing
was ilone by her husband, but when he
published the notice about her desertion
she authorized her attorney, Robert Ed
gar, to tile a suit for divorce.
FIRST CENTURY PUNT,
It Will Soon Bloom in the
Gardens of the State
University.
A Seven Days' Old Chinese Baby Given
Christian Burial by a Local
Undertaker.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 27.— 1n the
botanical gardens at the State University
there is a huge century plant twenty-five
feet in height which is about to send forth
its myriad yelJowish-green blooms and
then prepare itself to fade away and die.
The tall South American "agave" Btands
in the garden on the other side of the old
bridge near the students' pathway and
just opposite Lovers' lane. It forms the
central feature of observation and admira-
Berkeley's Century Plant.
tion of nearly every visitor to the univer
fcity grounds", and at this season of the
year there aro many of them. Its huge
spike iH fully eighteen feet above the level
o» the leafy portion and Captain Kellner,
foreman of tne agricultural and botanical
gardens, said to-day that he expected it
would prow ten or fifteen feet more wit in
the next two or three weeks, at the end of
which time it wili bloom.
Hurled by Americans.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 27.—A local
undertaker buried at Mountain \ iew
Cemetery to-day iittle Harry Fon«, a wee
Chinese infant,*? days old, and weipbinp
only four pounds. This was the first Chi
nese baby ever buried from a Berkeley
establishment, and the first infant oi Chi-
nese parents that the undertaker, who has
been in the business for the past ten years.,
has ever interred. As a result the re
mains of the little Celestial were the
source of much interest to the curious
passers-by as they lay at the branch
morgue, and many availed themselves of
theopportunity of viewing them.
Tne father and mother of the deceased
child. George Fonj.' ami Neen, are Chris
tian Chinese, and because of this fact the
infant came into the hands of Americans
for burial. A solemn ceremony of a
Mmpie order was held over its remains
tins morning In the chapel of the under
taking t»?tabUshment. after which they
were tran-ferred to the cemetery and in
terred, no one accompanying the body
save the father and the undertaker.
"1 doubt very much," said the Deputy
Coroner this afternoon, "whether a
l hinese baby was ever before buried by
Americans in Alameda County."
Schmtdt-Stutt Trial.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 26 —The case of
Will Schmidt against John Stutt for
cruelty to animals, which arose through a
difficulty which the two contractors nad
last week over right to and the privileges
of a certain piece of property, came up be
fore Justice James this morning. A jury
trial was called for, and eleven men were
secured. It was decided to go ahead with
the eleven. But little was done further
than the examination of witnesses. The
case, which gives promise of being a hotly
contested one, owing to the alleged jeal
ousy between the contending parties, wil-i
be continued to-morrow.
FtTor Sanitary Improvements.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 27.— A public
meeting for the purpose of discussing ths
question of municipal sanitation was held
last evening at Stiles Kail under the
auspices of the Good Government Club.
President Joseph Addison called attention
to the efforts which are being made to
secure a better water supply tor West
Berkeley, after which Colonel Charles R.
i Greenleaf, U. 8. A., was presented. Col
onel Greenleaf expressed his surprise at
the indifference of the general public
toward so important a matter as sanita
tion.
Schmidt Enters Suit.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 27. —George
Schmidt of Berkeley has sued James H.
McKeown and W. J. Schmidt for $1800 for
the alleged wrongful conversion of* a
building, and $250 damages. Schmidt al-
I leges that he leased a lot in Berkeley from
I McKeown, and it was agreed that a build
ing thereon was the property of tbe plain
tiff, who might remove it. This, it Is
claimed, he subsequently refused to per
mit,
Stutt Not Guilty.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 27.— The jury
in tbe case of John Stutt, charged with
cruelty to animals, preferred by W. J.
Schmidt, returned a verdict last night of
not guilty.
•—• — • — •
WOODMEN POLITICS.
District Convention to Be Held In June
to Elect Head Camp Del
egates.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 26.— Much inter
est is being manifested in the district con
vention, Woodmen of the World, to be
held in this city Wednesday, June 17, to
elect three delegates to the Head Camp,
which convenes in Buttc, Mont., in Au
gust. There are numerous candidates for
the position of representative, among the
most prominent being 1. I. Boak of this
city, P. Wilfertof Hay wards, W. H. Waste
of Berkeley and two from Alameda with
the outside counties to hear from.
There are seventeen camps in this dis
trict, with a total membership of 780;
There will be thirty-three delegates to the
district convention, being one for every
twenty-five members or major fraction in
each camp. The towns to be represented
with the names of their camps are: Oak
land, with Oakland, Alpha and Forest;
Alameda, Spruce, Berkeley, Peralta; San
Lorenzo, Old Orchard ; San Leandro,
Chesty; Hay wards, Cypress; Centerville,
Maple; Pleasanton, Sycamore; Livermore,
Live Oak; Martinez, Laurel; Stockton,
Commercial; Ramona, Danville; San Jose,
Alamo.
Oakland Camp No. 94 has 218 members,
and has selected the following delegates
and alternates:
Delegates— l. I. Boak, T. M. Robinson,
F. B. Ogden, I. L. Lyon. J. B. Greer, J. H.
Patton, S. fl. Masters, H. J. McKin, E. T.
Taylor.
Alternates — A. R. Watera, L. G. Burpee,
F. T. Johnson, E. Nusbaumer, P. J. New
man, Byron Rutley, Dr. C. J. Sharp, W.
W. Curnow, E. T. Leiter.
The following officers have been chosen
by the same camp for the ensuing six
months: Council commander, J. B. Gre^r ;
advisor lieutenant, E. T. Taylor; escort,
F. Johnson; assistant escort, A. Much
more; watchman, H. J. McKin; sentry, J.
C. Snow; manager, £. T. Leiter; organist,
James Pollitt.
« — ♦ ■»
CLOSING HOURS.
High School Class Day and Graduating
.Exercises to Be Held Thurs
day.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 26.— There will be
fifty-five in the graduating class from the
High School and the exercises will be held
in the gymnasium Thursday, the after
noon being devoted to the cljass-day pro
gramme, consisting of the presentation of
"Julius Caesar Up to Date," while the
graduating exercises will occur in the
evening, at which Professor E. H. Grigga
of Stanford University will deliver a lec
ture on the subject, "Self-Culture Throueh
tbe Vacation." Tne membership of the
class is as follows :
Lizzie Arlett, Harry W. B&ngle, Fannie
Bolles. Charles S. Brooks, Arthur Baker, Her
bert L. Breed, Alfred R. Burrell, Arthur Cald
well, Agnes M. Cole, Archie J. Cloud, Heleu
Campbell, Harry Checkering, Rudolph Coffee,
M.Sara Cooper, Fred G. Dorety, Jesse L. l>i
bert, Gertrude Davis, Grace B. Edson, Cora L.
Evans, Lucia H. Fish, Mariana Florea. Samuel
V. Hardy, Mary V. E. Harris, Frank Jenks.
Neva T. Jarvis, Lotta A. Jeneks, May N\
Jacksoii, Harry A. Keeier, Henry B. Lynch,
Estelle J. Lundy, Roy McClymonds, Minnie
Maxwell, Irwiu J. Muma, Martha J. McDill.
Catherine McLean, Lillie Evelyn Moiler. John
Carroll Nlcholls, Genevieve Nicholson, Ella J.
O'Connell, Edwin L. O.iver, Eva Powell.
Ernest 8. Page, Ella Rosenberg, Joseph J.
Rusborougb, John It. Robinson, Yonesbiro
Siiibata, May L. Sellander, Sophie E. Sobst,
Minnie fcnyder, William A. Buuey, Arthur
Tiibheira, Elroy J. Wogor, Gertrude H. Wacns,
Anna R. Wilder, Emma Wolter.
The admission to both exercises is to be
by ticket only, and as there has only been
9UO issued for each they are in great de
mand. Super.ntendent McClymonds was
given fifty for the Board of Education and
city officials. Principal WcChesney and
teachers were given an equal number be
tween them. The others are divided
among the members of the class, giving
each fourteen.
•—»• — » ■»
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alnmeds County Happening! Told in
;•-..'. Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
.008 Broadway, May 27. i
The statement of the estate of Heinle Chabot
has been tiled. It shows the receipts to be
$43,895 and disbursements $40,400 »2.
The directors of the Merchants' Exchange
lam evening re-el»cied W.-bb N.'Pearce as sec
retary of the 'organization and gave him a
month's vacation. C. P. Visher will act in his
absence."
Louis P. Winn has petitioned that T. W.
Harris be appointed administrator of the
estate of the late Emily Wlnn. The. estate is
estimated to be valued at $1350 and is in
Pleasanton.
Rev r Herman "•Warzawick of New York; an
ex-Jewish raDbl. of note but now a Christian
and superintendent -of -Jewish missions, will
address the Christian Alliance at . the Asbury
M. E. Church to-morrow. at 2:30 p. M.
Canneries have been paying as high as 9
cents a pound for the very best grades of cher
ries and the ruling price Is 7 cenis. Last year
cherries sold lor 4 cents. In Alarueda County
there ih probably not more than one-leuth of a
full crop. ;/
. A F Boyden Jr., the well known racer of the
Reliance wheelmen, has further surprised his
friends by announcing that he will hereafter
ride in the professional ranks. He is the first
Reliance man to take this step, although It is
expected that others will follow later. . ; .
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
FOR A PARADE
ON THE FOURTH.
Merchants' Exchange to
Meet the Board of
Trade.
IS FAVORED BY MANY.
The Matter Will Be Finally
Decided at Next Week's
Conlerence.
REVIVAL OF ACTIVE WORK.
If the Two Commercial Bodies Unite
a Grand Pageant Is As
sored.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 27. 1
Shall or shall not there be a Fourth of
July celebration in Oakland ? The subject
James P. Taylor, Newly Elected President William V. TV'itcher, Newly Elected Pres.
of the Merchants' Exchange of Oakland. ident of the Oakland Board of Trade.
Is just now engaging the attention of the ,
Merchants' Exchange and the Board of
Trade and the various societies that
usually take part.
I^ast year's parade was a success, but
there was a good deal of dissatisfaction ex
pressed and those who had the affair in
charge were not altogether pleased with
the manner in which their work was re
ceived. While it is generally acknowledged
that there should be a grand parade and
general festival, there is a feeling prevalent
that there should be some new and original j
features and that some of the errors of
former years should be guarded asrainst,
so that the executive body should be j
thoroughly representative of the commu
nity. Only on this line can a successful
pageant be arranged.
It is admitted on all sides that there
should be a grand celebration of the
Fourth, but the Merchants' Exchange
does not think that its members should
do all the work and guarantee all thp ex
pense, or should do more than its ehareas
one of the important bodies of the com
munity. It will cost at least $5000 to give
a creditable display, and this sum, it is !
said, should be raised by the whole com
munity and used under the superintend
ence of a representative advisory board.
Next Tuesday evening a committee from
the Merchants' Exchange will consult
with the Board of Trade in the matter at
the office of the gas company, and if a
collection be decided upon it will be a
joint one.
The Board of Trade and the Merchants'
Exchange have just elected new boards of
officers, and nave entered upon their
spheres of work with renewed vieor. James
P. Taylor of the Board of Trade is the new
president of an organization that numbers
nearly 500 members. William V. Witcher
has just been elected president of the Mer
chants' Exchange, and both are recognized
in the commercial world as leaders of
strength and merit. Should these two
now undertake to get up a Fourth of July
parade it will undoubtedly be one of good
ly proportions and artistic effect.
Broke for Liberty.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 27.— Bert God
dard U in the County Jail on a charge of
burglary, and his chances for a long term
are good. Monday he went to a nursery
at Piedmont to visit Olaf Johnson. Find
ing him away, and the attendants all out
at work, be took a suit and wont his way.
The matter was reported to Sheriff
White, and to-day he found the suit in a
pawnshop on Broadway. A good descrip
tion of the man who sold it was secured,
and Deputy Sheriffs Charles White and
Smit.i were sent to Goddard's home on
Pearl street, near Thirty-sixth. He was
at home and agreed to accompany tbe
officers if allowed to go in and get is hat.
Ti.e request was allowed, but Deputy
Smith stepped to the side of the house to
avoid any surprise.
It was well he did for Goddard rushed
through the house, out the back door ai.d
jumped tbe rear fence. Smith called to
White and they gave chase. He was soon
overnaulcd and brougiit downtown, where
the pawnbroker identified him aud John
son identified the suit. Goddard was then
placed behind tbe bars.
Seriously Injured.
LIVERMORK, Cal., May 27.— J. Fee
band, a weil-known farmer, who resides
about two miles from town, was found ly
ing in a ditch above the road last night
about 6:30 in an unconscious condition.
His bead was covered wkh blood and Ins
face was hazily discolored. He was brought
to town, where it was found his skull had
been fractured.
Earlier in the afternoon two tramps were
s£en driving his team along the road in
the direction of Arroyo Valle. The team
was recognized by farmers and finally
taken to Feeband s home, where much
surprise was expressed at his absence. T c
tramps said they had loun the team and
w re nunting the owner. Then began the
search which retulted in finding him by
the roadside.
No one t-aw the accident, and at first it
was believed that a highway robbery had
been committed, attended by a brutal as
sault, but vow it is believed he was the
vicum of a runaway accident. He was 50
years of age and leaves a full-grown family,
two daughters and four sons.
Rehan Engagement.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 27. — The de
mand for seats for the Rehan engagement,
Tuesday, June 9, is immense. Orders will
be taken until Saturday at 9 p. m.. and tbe
regular sale opens next Tuesday morning.
Amonir those who have engaged seats are:
Mrs. I. Requa. W. G. Henshaw, P. E.
Bowles, Capain E. H. Taylor, F. S. Btrat
ton, J. L. N. Shepard, H. C. Taft, W. W.
FooUt, T. L. Barker, Albert Brownj J. T.
Watkinson, \V. H. Bailey and many.»th- \
ers. Invitations are out for a number of
large theater parties.
The Boyn Eeicwd.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 27.— John and
Will Swanson of East Twenty-second
street, n ar Twenty-thint avenue, anl Clif
ton Maxwell of Twenty-firai avenue near
Twenty-first street, were nearly drowned
in the estunry last night while at play. In
some way Will, the youn rest of the trio,
fell into" the water. His brother John
jumped in to rescue him, but he, too. be
gan to flounder when Clifton went into
the water in an attempt to rescue the two
drowning brothers.
Good Citizenship.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 27.— The good \
citizenship committee of the First Presby- j
terian Christian Endeavor Society will i
bold a munioipal, State and Rational Rood
citizenship rally at that church on Thurs
day evening of next week. There will be
an address on "Good Citizenship and its!
Relations to Good Government" by Giles ]
H. Gray, a member of the National Mv- j
nicipal .League and ex-president of the
Municipal League of Oakland.
Unhappy WlTet.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 27.— Louise Far- j
sow has broueht suit for divorce from Wil
liam J. Farsow on the grounds that he has
been convicted of felony.
Marion B. Com stocky has Bued for a
divorce from Charles N. Comstock. He
left lor the East some months ago under a
cloud xn connection with a diamond trans
action at San Jose.
Lottie E. Lynch has sued W. F. Lynch
for legal separation.
The Kirn 11 Rooms.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 27.— The Ebell
Society, an organization or club of the
leading society ladies of the city, has j
signed a contract with W. J. Reed fora
rive- year lease of the lower story of a build
ing he will erect especially for them at the
corner of Harrison and Thirteenth streets.
Bernal Defaulted.
I OAKLAND, Cal., May 27.— There is a
bench warrant out for John Bernal, and
his bail has boen declared forfeited. His
trial for shooting Richard Foley of Pleas
anton in that town on the 18th of Novem
ber la9t was set for trial to-day, but he
failed to appear. The court waited two
hours for him and ihen made the above
orders. The case was then set for Au
gust 20.
Republican Alliance.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 27.— The Repub
lican Alliance was reorganized to-night
amid great enthusiasm. The meeting
was held in the Masonic Temple and the
attendance was quite large. The Alliance
b.nd gave a serenade during the evening.
Yarney AY. Ga^kill was elected military
commander and given autiioritv to ap
point his subordinate olticers. The fol
lowing board of directors were elected : L.
L. Bromwell, George P. Morrow, 0. A.
Bone, H. P. Carleton Sr., W. G. Henshaw,
W. A. Mitchell, R. J. Boyer, A. P. Bray
ton Jr., F. E. Brigham, V. H. Metcalf and
H. H. Shinn.
The directors met and organized by se
lecting George P. Morrow, president; F.
E. Brigbam, first vice-president; W. G.
Henshaw, second vice-president; H. P.
Carleton, secretary, and 11. H. Shinn,
treasurer.
Mrs. Boyce's Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 27.— Mrs. Frances
Boyce, wife of S. B. Boyce and mother-in
law of «x-Street Superintendent T. G.
Harrison, died t>day from the effects of
an apoplectic stroke which occurred last
week. She was a native of Ohio and has
resided the past tnirty years in this city.
WANT THE CANAL CLEANED
Memorial Day Services in Ala
meda Saturday by Grand
Army Posts.
Meeting of the Congregational Club
Fnneral of Fletcher G.
Hoyt.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 23.— Dr. J. T.
McLean, Health Offioer of the city, was
commissioned to go to Washington over
three months Ago, to obtain funds from
Congress to complete the canal to Ban Le
andro Bay, so that the tide might scour
the channel of the sewage contained
therein. He has done nothing further
than to sell bis interests in the toilgates to
the Yoseruite Valley, and the nuisance has
increased so that the public ood<es of Ala
zneda and Oakland have had to write and
threaion Colonel Suter. Fe leral engineer,
Ban Francisco, with all sorts of punish
ment if the evil is not lessened.
Last night a lad named .lohn Swanson
was saVKi from drowning in the canal by
E. C. Baker, Constable Day and the Rev.
C. H. Loomis. They did not stop to take
their clothe* off, and the "result is the
clothes were ruined from the plunge in the
filth; waters of the canal — the latest proof
that the matter should be attended to.
Memorial >ervicei.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 27.— The mem
bers of Joe Hooker Post No. 11, G. A. R.,
will hold their memorial services on
Saturday. They will meet at their hal! at
9a. M., march to the park and unfurl Old
Glory on the tall ma»t erected last year by
the efforts of Comrade G. A. Blank. The
post will tnen go to Mountain View Ceme
tery and unte with the posts from Oak
land and Berkeley in decorating vhe graves
of tneir comrades. In the evening ai Linder
man O; era-house a hieh-class entertain
ment will b" given. Rev Dr. Dille of San
Francisco and Judge Ellsworth are to de
liver addresses and Alfred Wilkie, H. A.
Melvin and others are 10 render appro
priate music. Rector W. M. Lane will
pronounce th© benediction.
The Congregational Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 27.— The Con
eregational Club of San Francisco will
meet in the Congregational church here
next Tnesdav. The meeting will com
mence at 6:30 p.m.. followed by dinner,
and an evening session with an entertain
ing programme.
, Fletcher Hoyt Burled.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 27.— The funeral
of Fletcher S. Hoyt, who died yesterday
from typhoid fever, took place this after
noon. The pall-bearers were: Jesse Ives,
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
V. A. Dodd,- H. L. Zimmerman, Herbert
Clark, E. N.'.Whaliy.; and J. G. StuDbs,
members of the Alaraeda Cyclers' Club, of
which deceased was vice-president. He
leaves a widow and an infant son.
■■•: . * ♦ * >
THE HAM CASE.
Doctors Who Attest That Two of
Their Profession Treated the Case
of Miss Ham Skillfully.
The following letter is self-explanatory:
Oakland, May 26, 1896.
In The Call of itu- 23d inst. appeared an ar
ticle purportiug to give, in brief form, the
facts connected with a lawsuit tried in the
Superior court of this county against Mr.
Ham, on a note given by him to Doctors Gold
son and Shannon for treatment of his (laughter
at Lakeside Sanatorium in this city, in which
suit Mr. Ham claimed that his daughter had
been negligently and unskillfnlly treated.
The Call's summary of the lawsuit is substan
tially correct, with the exception that it is
saiil "the evidence of the doctors was ac
cepted as proof that the money was never
earned." This is erroneous, and it does an injus
tice to Doctors Goldson and Shannon. The un
dersigned, regular physicians of Oakland,
were called as witnesses, and upon being
made acquainted with the symptoms of the
case and the diagnosis and the treatment by
Doctors Goldson and Shannon, gave it as their
unanimous opinion that the treatment of Miss
Ham was scientific, skillful and proper.
Yours very respectfully,
S. H. Bttian, M.D.
D. D. Crowley. M.D.
H. E. Miller, m.D.
A. H. Pratt, M.D.
• — • — *
Boxing for Glory.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 27.— The final
bouts in the Hr htw eight class for the coast
championship took place at the Acme
Club to-night. At theov.tset Muller of the
Manhattan C lub refused to go on as second
choice, but later on consented to go in for
the second prize. The olHcials were the
same as last night. The first bout was be
tween the two winners of last night's
events, Tye and Siambern of the Acme.
The judges awarded the mill and cham
pion hip to Slamberg on point*. After a
rest of thirty minutes Tye and Muller ap
peared in the ring for the second and last
bout. Muller was declared the winner in
the fourth round.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E M Tarney, Sew York W H Chestnutwood.Stkn
C J Dodge, Hacto F unrtleti, l.lvermore
Mrs B P Tabor, Auburn \V A Littlefiela, Kureka
C W Rice. Chicago Mrt U T Place, R I
C II Ka Ster, Peoria Miss B Games, Vermont
RT Paine, feoria Mrs Guinea, Vermont
Miss FC.ark. Denver J B Olson, Maine
Miss O Clark, Denver Miss Robinson, lowa
w II EHcfcm»n.O»qrgotn Miss A Robinson, lowa
F S Taylor, Bird's Lndi; Mms R Hobm-on. lowa
C A Miti-liell, Calitornia J B Hobln-on, lowa
T F Bro-vne, S Barnara C A llnwurd, Oakland
C Kaland, >anta Barbara .s S Sears. Missoari
Misa James, Colton J M Peal-Tew, Cal
Miss Atkins, Colton D Mc;refror, Sacto
Miss oates, Cali.ornla C B Kocswood, Los Ang
B S Hindi, Uklah Miss Breyruan. .Salem, ur
J\V Bailey. Worcester a J.attiurn, ..os An.cits
R J Hudson. Lakeport J X Colerlck, Los Angels
Mrs \V Fritz, Petaluma W C Holmes. Loi Angels
WKde Gruchy, Boston C A Stevens <fe w.Vacvle
J Auzen, New Whatcom S R Robinson, Visalia
J C liacker, Grand June G H Hennett. Illinois
M Gilbert, Los Angeles Mrs R B Chlsholm, 111
A Lumllwrg, w<t s, Cal Miss T Clilshoim, 111
Miss Hatch, i. onion Miss Hadley, R I
F R Adams, Ky C WicKes & w, IU
A A Bel moat R X Parti ugton, Cal
R £ Panington, Oakland Mis< B Partlnttton, Okld
Miss a Partington, Okld J Craig, ll ighland Sprgs
Miss RO Kumnier.Wash C r Q Paliullo, Portland
W H Cooper. Belmont T Coffin, Carson
Mrs I Kobinsou. Canon W W Tarney, San Jose
M C Wade, st Helena SrBM Uill & w.bunsmr
Miss L Black, JloHisier R B Wilson, Ta< oma
H C Thoni) son. l'alo Alto Mrs L M Thompson, Cal
Mist X Thompson. Cal Miss E Thompson, Cal
Mrs Thos Flint, San Jose W X Peck. Sauta Chuz
A Cardwell. Pttaluma F G Naulc, Santa Rosa
±i J Lee * w, Nebr W A Chapman, Cotati
J C RuddicK, Ukiah J Kocmmh m. ca.
J F Clarke, Sacramento C M Hartley, Vacavllla
X E (ia'ddls, Woodlaud FJ£ Curtis, Arizona
DrGC Porter <fe w, Cal J £ Willis, San Mateo
P A Bull, Stockton W H Harron, TheUeyars
X P Oliver, Denver L H Frankenhelmer, Cal
KUSS HOUSE.
C Roduner, La \V Richardson, La
C T Klliott, Salldo O J Nolen. San Jose
Lew Emery, kneels N si Mi-Kinney, Cal
J IJuttertteld, San Jose A B Forrester, San Juan
8 Heaver. San Jose G W Cozzens, San Jose
W Kittleman, Wis T F Hanly. Wis
C W Abbott & w. 111 (i A FrenzH. lowles
W -.riswold, LoaGatos Miss G/lswold, Los Gatos
(i W Mapes, Keno L Emory, La
Mrs long vV dan. Wash James Holmes, LaO range
F Cliffora. La Grance J F dllver, > V
T F Vousnt, Grass Val WH » oiling, san Jose
y J Brow, Los Angeles E Lycan &w, Chicago
RL La Touches, Chgo J U Morgan Aw, Gu
Q Robb, La I Ralpn.i. Opliir
H V Van \\ aglin, Berklr P X Davis, ophir
J R Bernard, BB Bel«ic V A Swolnavi, Los Ang
E C Goodrich, <illroy G F Vo Khl, Lower Lake
Miss S Goodrich, Ul:roy C II AbbJtt, Mo.le.no
P R Davis. Hanta Hosa A P Overton, Bapta Rosa
| 8 M Corrinaton, Newvle I. D Montague & wf, Cal
T Dlxon, Covelo E Brown, Covelo
H I>i.\i>:>, cvnvio A J Stein, Ho.lister
Mrs Graham. Holilster Mrs J B Vasser. Holltstsr
C L Melvln, Ind W A Kvllrnan, Ala
A Rubinstein Aw.FresnoF J Meyers & wf, Fresno
Mrs B Clark, Mi-ndo.-ltio R H bimmerman, Uklah
E X Dove, Wbeatland
PALACE HOTEL.
R W Travent. London H M Talbott, Ind
O F Paxton, Portland F Hewlu, Portland
J R Baker, Chicago O B Parks A. w, Chicago
I)r Nichols & w, Chicago A N Washburniw.chKO
Miss S C Breweter, Chgo Miss H H Brewster.Chgo
Klizabeth Hancock, Chgo Mrs M M Calahan, Chgo
Miss H D llaye«,{'liicago J C Hancock, Chicago
Mrs S H Bt-rgen, Chicago Miss M E Shafer, Chgo
Mrs H N Brown. Clii ago Miss X I> Brmvu, chgo
Mrs J Mix, Chicago Miss C Shahen, Chicago
Mrs C Perkins, Chicago J F Finn *w, Chicago
(i T Buffam, St Louis H J Gllle, Chicago
E M Ross. Los Angeles 8 W Cowles. Hartford
G F Lave «t w, Chicago J B Lankershlm. L Ang
H L Porter, Los Angeles J rscott <fe w, Dundee
W I> Bell, Kngland L C Walker & w, lowa
J W Wilson, e=acto C Henne. Stanford
W E N'lchols, Stanford W F Slmonds, Mass
Eii Babcock. Coronado W O \V right, 111
W A Harriss, Los Ang G R Smith, N V
M Huffman & w, 111 J N Burk, San Jose
W B \s ells, Stanford W R Moon, .N V
C A McDonald, Stanford
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R C Fill more, Bnffalo T J Johnson, srocKton
E L Smith, Vsßlfjo W Owen, Chicago
D A Robinson, lowa R 6 i'aterson. B C
R S Corbett, Santa Bosk C J Ml ler. Santa Rosa
P J Kelly, Oak and H OGereve, Milwaukee
R Lla Toucbe, Chicago J 11 Potter. Chicago
J H Morgan it w. <ia Mi-s Tlernery, Atlanta
J Wisworn, San Mateo 8 D Vincent, Forest City
F G Kdlund, TJ 8 N L B Pative, U 8 N
C Wlibt-r, Spokane W H Johnson, Whotcom
R J Mowey, B C WE Pet-rs. N V
R 11 Wise, Seattle B E Weddle, San Jose
Mrs S Sepsou. Pasadena Miss J Overton, s barbra
J P Davis, Fresno Mra G Waiera, Sac
F H Peck &w, Chicago 11 A Graves. Milwaukee
LICK HOUSE.
J B Welty &w, Perm F H PecK «t w, Chicago
< > W Lewis, Santa Rosa C C Dtlburt, Santa Rosa
M Foard, Asioria F R Stokes, Astoria
Miss J Mulgruve, B Rosa A D Catlitj, sacraraento
E F Taylor. Sacramento A F Gllpln, Marysvllle
A X Wilhums. IMB Jose J J Mulligan, San Jose
W Donohue. Sacrammo H Murphy, I .as Angeles
Mi-i I Lewis, Oakland W G Kois, Visalia
M Klauuer, "sn Diego J D Lynch, Los Angeles
N W Moody, Frtsno W Currier. Portland
h W Biditle. Healdsbu^ Mrs A Bank-tt, Tiirmllto
MtssN impsOD.Tlirnillto J P Uaynes, E'.ireka
W X Duncan Jr, OTOTIJ M Walla, c, Madera
O - Robulns &w, N V Maria Robbins, i V
Miss C Long, Madera J 8 Freeman, Los Angla
Dr Evans & w, Modesto G W Rire, >an Miguel
BALDWIN HOTKL.
8 Garnsdey, Sacramento T A Pancohst, s tt usallto
A Lee * son, Alameda W L Mann, N V
L A While, N V E G Cook, I.os Angeles
A CB;oc^ton. St I.ouls J Mevtrs. st Louis
A L Bixby, Watsonville X X Reinhart, St Louis
L W van Kyc^el, .V V F P Wayoren&w.Auburn
N U WtaverA w, Jose W a Mil, I 8 N
W L I.ORg, USN U W Htenier. U S N
F Parker, Sacramento C C Murry, Detroit
F A Jones, Detroit X C Burns, St Louis
H Collier, NY F Retd, Sacramento
G Fair. S V O sniallpy, New Jersey
F A Morton, Seattle 11 uin-r .. Portland
n/mwmiHi LICENSES.'
The following marriage licenses > were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday: .
Hermann F. A. S. yon BockelDerg to Mary K.
Ireland, 35-22. "
Emll Ben on to Augusta B\vanson, 28—27.
L. D. Matthews to Lizzie E. Thompson, 47—46.
- Louis Jura to Minnie Wedemeyer, :^9— 3B. .
Allen K. Achpson to Jessie M. Moreland, 27— 19.
David A. Herrlott to Mary Jones, 32— 22.
Carl Unldburg 10 Susie Meyer, '26— • *• ■•■.;-■
J. T. Landram to Mar A. McCormlck. 30—23.
DAVOJUJJC PKOVJfilSDiJiltah
Complaints fllel- :  o, > ■
■ Joseph Hod against Anna Dold
.. Bessie Foster against William F. Foster.
Mary F. Forbes against Frank H. Forbes.
Divorce erante.l :
Edith Wilson from W. J. Wilson, for failure to
provide; by Judge seawell.
Alimony proceedings:- •--" :
E izubetn Ednervs. John T. Edner. Defendant
ordered tv Judge Beawell to pay plaintiff «25 a
month alimony. /. .
BiUTILS— MRIUAGI&— DEAim
' BORN.
BBUGGE— In this city, ' May 23, 1896, to the
wife or Henry Brugge, a son.
MCKE.NNA— In this city, May 26. 1896, ,to the
.- wife of. J. D. McKenna, a son. •■ ,
PETERSON— May 26. 1898, to the wife of G L.
Peterson, a daughter. '■
/luction Balc§
LAURENCE VINCENT,
LiUKMICi ihtlliVl, .
■ Auctioneer and Commission rierchant, ,
Booms 609 and 610 Spreckels Eldg., 927 Market.
THIS AFTERNOON.
Thursday ..'. May 28, 1896,
At 2 o'clock on the premises,
835 ELLIS ST., NEAR VAN NESS AVENUE,
....I WTLX. SKLt,
The Elegant Upright Grand Piano,
Magnificent Parlor Upholstery,
Fine Lace Curtains: Carved Inlaid Walnut Dwarf
Bookcase; Elegant Carpets; Quarter sawed Oak
Chamber Suits; Upright Folding Bed, mirror
front: Curled Hair Top Mattresses; Blankets,
etc.; Elegant Music Cabinet; Imported Ornaments:
Water Colors: Ktchlugs: Engravings, etc.: Hall-
stand; Sideboard; Extension Table: Dining
Chairs: Sofa Bed: Singer Sewing-Machine: China-
ware; Ulassware, etc.; . Winthrop Range and
kitchen requisites, j
Note— sale will commence at 2 o'clock
sharp. House open for inspection at 9:80 a. m.
The furniture is all in fine condition and well
worthy the attention of all intending purchasers.
Terms cash.
LAURENCE VINCENT, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
319-331 Sutter St., Above Grant Aye.
AT SALESROOn. TO-DAY, THURSDAY,
At 10: 30 a. m., i. will sell
AN IMMENSE ASSORTMENT
Of Parlor Upholstery, Bric-a-Brac,
Cabinets, Pictures, Mirrors. Oak, Walnut and
Birch Chamber-sets. Oak and Walnut sideboards,
Extension-tables, Chairs, Bookcases, Desks,
Tables. Couches, Bed-louuges, Curled Hair Mat-
tresses. Mission Woolen ■ Blankets, •• Bedding,
Stoves, Ranges, Crockery. Utensils, Carpels, Re-
frigerators, Bars and ■ Backbars, Cash Registers,
Safes, etc. S. BASCIi. Auctioneer.
CONTI\UATION SALE.
I. J. SIMMS AUCTION CO., ISC,
' "WILIi SELL THIS DAY,
THURSDAY, May 28, 1896, at 10 o'clock A. K.
and 7 P. m., on the premise.*, 106 Turk St., the
balance of the Hardware, Tinware, Oranlteware.
Tool Crockery, Glassware, Cages, Lamps, Orna-
ments. Woodemvare and Fixtures contained in the
above store. H.-L. KOZMINsKY, Auctioneer.
N. B.— This stock will be put up In large lots, as
we must positively vacate the premises to-day, and '
will be sold without reserve or limit.
500 FLAGS USED BY THE U.S. NAVY
AT AUCTION. THIS DAY
Thur5day......:........... ......May 28, 1890
At 10:30 A. M.,
914- BROAD vaY, OAKLAND.
500 Bunting Flag* From 22x32 Feet to
:ixT Feet.
Fine American ■ Flags, Foreign Flags, signal
Flags, Pennants, Union .Jacks, etc., etc. Elegant
chance tor shipowners or decorators. Terms cash,
M. ItABCUSE, Auctioneer. 918 Broadway.
Oakland.
DIED.
Boyce, Frances Murray, Mary
Cainan, William Nulcahy, Katie
Costello, Michael Murphy, Matthew
Conway. Michael O'Brien, P. J.
Donovan, Mary , Perm, Prudence ,
.Farmer, Mrs. H.M. Klley, James J.
Gariot, Louise V. • Schne idor. Anna
Hopkins, Dr. Frederick Shannon, Amanda
Hard, J. H. Sullivan, William J.
McDonnell, Kate Hull Ivan, Mrs. Abbie
Mcßean. George B. Tighe, William
McDonnell, Rose • Tamm, Oswald
Meaddows, H. Wobber, Mary L.
BOYCK— In Oakland, May 27. 1896, Frances,
wife of B. B. Boyce, and mother of Mrs. T. O.
Harrison, a native of Ohio.
CALX AN— ln this city, May 20, 1896, William
Cainan, a native of Ireian I, aged 66 years.
COSTKLLO— In Ukiah, Cal., May 25, 1896,
Michael Costello, belovel brother of Dennis and
John Costello, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 40 yean.
BiT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
■ (Thursday) at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for i ho repose or his soul, commencing at 9
. o'clock a. m. : Interment, Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
CONWAY— In this city. May 26, 1896, Michael,
beloved husband of Mary Conway, and father of
Henry Con .v ay, a native of Dunrale, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years.
fly Friends an<l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TIII3 DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it., from his late
* residence. 2875 .Twenty-tnlrd street, thence to
, St. Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a solemn requiem hUh mass
will be celebrated far the repose of bis soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
■ Cross Cemetery.
DON A VAN— In this city, May 21, 1896, Mary, wife
of Michael Donavan and mother of Danle! J. and
John M. Donavan, Mrs. John Sweeny, Mrs. John
W. Stewart. Mrs. Steve Pollen, Mrs. Kuaene de
Sparr and Mrs. Captain Charles Ziegler of Hono-
lulu, H. 1., a native of Grange, County Com, Ira-
. land, aged 78 years.
FARMER— In Oakland, May 27, 1896, Mrs. H,
Milo Farmer (nee Clara M. Hay ward), a native
of California, aged 38 years and 2 days.
GARIOT— In Alameda, May 26, 1896, Louise
Vallet Gariot, beloved mother of Henrietta
Brand, a native of France, aged. 69 years and
8 months.
i*"a* Friends and ° acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral by her daugh-
ter. Henrlette Brand, . her son-in-law, Lucien
Brand, and her granddaughter. Marie Brand.
Funeral services wUI be held THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m., at her late
. residence, 2241 Pacific avenue, Alameda. In-
. termeni private at Mountain View Cemetery.
HOPKINS-In this city. May 26, 1896, Dr. Fred-
erick V. - Hopkins, youngest son of the late
Bishop Hopkins of Vermont, aired 57 years.
O-Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. x., St. Stephen's
Church. Fulton street, near Webster. Interment
So a Jose.
HURD— In this city, May 28, 1896, J. H, Hnrd.
dearly beloved husband of Llssette Hurd, and
father of Mrs. Dr. Evans of Mod»sio, a native of
Maine, aged 67 years and 2 months. . . - :.■ \
MCDONNELL— In Oakland, May 26, 1896. Kate
McDonnell, beloved wif > of Patrick McDonnell,
' a native of Queens County, Ireland, aged 36
years 7 months and 1 day.
X9~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursdar), at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 811 Twelfth street, thence to the Church
of Immaculate Conception, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be said . for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment St.
.Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
McBEAN— In this city, May 26, 1896, George
Bennett Mcßean, beloved father of James Taber
Me Bean, a native of Inverness. Scotland, aged
48 years. {Inverness (Scotland) papers please
copy.] V
MCDONNELL— In this city, May 26, 1896, Rose,
beiovet wife of Michael and dearly beloved
mother of ' Mamie, Katie, Annie, Edward,
Thomas, Rone ' and James McDonnell, Mrs.
Frank Darrarh and the late Mm. Esther Carney,'
a native of the parish of Cragen, County
Armazh, Ireland, aged 47 years.
VW Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 906 Bryant street, thence to St. Joseph's
. Church for services, commencing at 10:30
. o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MKADDOWS— In this city. May 26, 1896, Freelan
11., beloved son of B. F. and B. J. Meaddows, a
na ive of San Francisco, age 11 months.
MULCAHY— In this el'.y. Ma: 27, 1896, Katie,
beloved wife of the late .fam-s J. Mtilcahy,
mother of Man-, Eva and Laura Muleahy,
, daughter of Mary and the late Daniel Crowley,
sister of J. C. Crowley. and sister-in-law of Jere-
miah Mulciiby. a ua'.iveof Albany, N. V., aged
35 years 6 months and 17 days.
43"FrleuUs and acquaintances arc respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
' (Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 1227 ' Mission street, thence ' to ><t.
■ - Joseph's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary. Cemetery.
Y. L. I.— Young Ladles' Institute, No. 3: You are
hereby requested to attend the funeral of our late
sister, Mr*. Katie Mulcahy, TO-MORROW
■ (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from .-st. Joseph's Church,
. Tenth St., near Howard. ,•
ELLA M. COMYNS, President.
■ '. Anita B. Daly, Rec. secretary.
MURPHY— In this city. May 26. 1896, Matthew,
beloved son of Matthew and Kate Murphy, and
brotner of the late Edward J. and Robert J.
Murphy, a native of >an Francisco, aged 13
year < M month* and 13 days. '
afS-Tue funeral will take place THIS -DA V
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock p. a.. from the resi-
d ence of the parents. 221 Church street. Inter-
v ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ■ ■ - .
MURRAY — in this city. May 26, 1898, Mary,
' beloved wife of Charles Murray, a native of Ger-
many, aged 28 years. ■ ...-.
OTThe funeral will take place THIS DAY.
'. (Thursday), at 9 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence, 124 Townsend street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. :  •> . Li; .
O'JBKIi.X— this city. . May : 26, 1896, P. : J.,
husband of Kllen O'Brien, and father of Willis,
John J , Joseph M., J. H. O'Brien, and Sister
■ Mary Helena, a native of Ireland,' aged 72 years.
A member of the Gentlemen's modality, B. V. M.
•9-The funeral will take place THI^ DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it., from his
late residence,- 719 Franklin street, thence to
. -St.: Mary's. Cathedral, where a" requiem high
mass will De celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. • Interment
■• 3 Holy Cross cemetery. ■sg2BBSM£IBKtB&
PENX— In this city. May 27. 1898, Prudence,
beloved wife of Thomas M. Perm, and mother of
Willie. Florence, Margie and Fred Perm, a na-
tive of England, ageM 34 years.
#3""Uemai js can be viewed st the parlors of
H. C. Porter & Co., 122 Eddy street.
Rll.tiY— ln this city, May 26. 1896. James J., be-
loved husband of the late r.llen Rlley, father of
Nannie, Moliie, John, James A., Joseph X.,
stan zie and Allie Rlley, and brother of John and
M<:it Alphonsus Klley, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 56 years and 9 months.
49"Frtends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 a tend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), st 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art..
419 KEARXY ST.
THIS DAY.
Thursday..... .....May 28, 1898,
AT 2 P.M.
More than 100 cases of new goods ex 8. S. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods, including Rugs of
every size, Antique Bronzes, Kagu Satsuma,Awata,
Cloisonne, Blshue, Kochl, etc.. etc.
Two elegant presents given to the ladles dally
attending the sale at 2p. m. Chairs for the ladies.
F. T. KEELAH. Auctioneer.
ALLEN COWAN, AUCTIONEER,
230 Butter St., San Francisco,
WILL SELL BY PUBLIC AUCTION,
THIS DAY, AT 11 O'CLOCK,
Forty mattresses, goose-feather pillows. Im-
ported French chair seats, pool and billiard taDlea
complete, pictures, etc t '
AUCTIONSALE!
fe 5& /y~jf^ Jfea
,;; THIS DAY,
THURSDAY, MAY 28, AT 11 O'CLOCK,
'y'-]}:'-,. AT
Sunset Horse Market, 220 Valencia st.,
WE WILL SELL .
50 Head of Broken and Unbroken Horses
From the J. D. ranch, Nevada. These are a fine
lot of all purpose horses and will positively be
' sold without reserve or llmi'.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Office, 327 sixth st.
AUCTION SALE_OF HORSES.
/P»A» /£tfr Jfc?S '
FRIDAY, - - - MAY 29, 1806,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
J. D. KORAN'S STOCKYARD,
Corner Tenth and Bryant Sts.,
VI WILL SKI.L AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
SIXTY HEAD OF HORSES
Belonging: to J. T. CAREY of Oavisvillo
mill 1,. JIAKKE of San Luis Obispo. .
These are good serviceable horses. Hay be scon
at any time up to sale at Koran's Sa'.esyard.
KILLIP * CO.,
Live-stock auctioneers,
30 Montgomery st.
residence. £08 Fifteenth street, near Howard,
thence to the Church of St. Charles Borromeo,
■' Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. St.
Interment, Santa Clara, by 10:40 train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
BCHNKIDEB— In this city. May 28. 1896, Anna,
beloved wife of Daniel Schneider, aud mother of
Maggie, Annie. Dora, Freddie, Bertha and Lot-
tie .Schneider, and sister of H. B. Goecken. a na-
tive of Aurich, Hanover, Germany, aged H>
years 5 months and 20 days.
Friends and acquaintances are resDecc-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock v. m.. from her late
residence. 681 Clementina street, between
Seventh and Eighth, Howard and Folsom. In ■
termenc T. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHANNON— In this city, May 27. 1896, Amanda,
wife of D. Shannon, a native of San Francisco,
age 23 years, 6 months and 5 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city, May 26. 1896, William
J., beloved husband of Kose and father of Wil-
liam Sullivan, a niv ive of the parish of Tralee,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 44 years. A mem-
ber of Court Golden state No. 7495, A. O. F. of A
*S*The funeral will take place -THIS. DAY
(Thursday), at 10 a. m., from the undertaking
parlors of McGinn Bros. , 31 Eddy street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where services will be
celebrated for tha repose of his souL . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, May 37, 189». Mrs.
Abbie Sullivan, beloved daughter of Elizabeth
and the late John Cannavan, and sister of Henry
Cannavan, a native of San Francisco, aged 39
years.
XS'Frlends and acquaintances are re^oecc-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of her mother, 636ya' Jessie street, off Seventh,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the • re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TAMM— In this city. May 27, 1896. Oswald, be-
loved husband of Freda Tamm, and father of
Matfda and Alfons Tamm, a native of Germany,
aged 37 years 8 months and 15 days.
TIGHE— In this city. May 16. 1896, William,
beloved father of Norah, Patrick and 'Thomas
Tlghe, and brother of Katie and Maggie Tighe
an t Mrs. D. Flnnigan. a native of Tuam, County
Gahvav, Ireland, aged 76 years.
£tTFrien<la and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the fnneral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:1 5 o'clock a.m., from his late resi-
dence, -459 Clementina street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Cnurcb. corner Shotwell and
Eighteenth street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WOBBER— In this city, May 25, 1896, Mary
Louis?, beloved wife of Henry Wobber, and
mother of George and Willie Garrett, a native of
Ohio.. aged 40 years 7 months and 19 days.
&7*FrieDd3 an I acquaintance i are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the- par-
lors of H. F. Suhr &.Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I ™
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-claij Funerals
at Reasonable Kates.
Telephone soach 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st. ,
I NICAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEES,
*• Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
V Telephone 808 a '
Jab. McMknombyT™"™"" Chas. UcUikokxt,
JAMES MoMENOMKY & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND KHBALMEBS,
1067 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
■ . Telephone No. 3854.
plpii|
pggtepf '
1 vcMfc
; A smart Broadway, New
/ A York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store ia
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
§J)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ft 025KEABNTST. Established
In for the treatment of Private
!W Diseases, Lost Manhood. 1 Debility or
S»dlseasewearingonbodyan"dmindaad
E9 Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswhen '
Hj others fail. Try him. • Charges low.
■ Cnrea guaranteed. Callonvrite.
»r. _ jr. <*£BJB«*>, Box 1»»7.3»a Fnodao*
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco C_.l~
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
eigtit in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 680 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BSP Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'cloci.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, op«S
ontil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
hPs=s=» CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. ft
f£Z& _A. M., will meet THIS (THURS- -_f\_
DAY) EVENING, May _8. 7: 3o o'clock. I§_2\
Third degree. By order of the Master. '~P x
tRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
_f^=» SOUTH SL N FRANCISCO «
_S— ' ? Lodge No. 212, F. and A. M., meets -J%-
THIS EVKNING at 7:30 o'clocK for first /SJ?
degree. By order of the master. ' v<
K. C. HARE. Secretary.
W*5S- THE ODD FELLOWS OF <!si*_t_>
CC2&' San Francisco will give a social, :£_gzggxS
literary and musical entertainment at ~^^^^=r
Odd Fellows' Hall FRIDAY EVEN- f-»/« x >
ING, M_y 29, 1896. at which some of the successes
of Paderewski will be rendered by the eminent
piano virtuoso. Mr. Hugo Mansfeldt.
W^S' FRANCO - AME R IC AN o_S^^>
K-*^ Lodge No. 207, I. O. O. F.-Offi-|gSnjjS<gL
cers and members are requested to at-
tend the next meeting. THURSDAY, / '' MVV
May 28, at Bp. m. Nomination of officers for the
ensuingyear, TH. SEHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavigne, Secretary.
■___= CLAN A NAN . GAIDHEAL _ &.
-E— ? AN'GUAILIBH A'CHEILE.— 3k, f%Jil
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle i_XX_Uf
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) **3~%
EVENING at Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell st.,
at 8 o'clock. The monthly "smoker" follows, to
which all Scotchmen are Invited to be present.
J. D. COULIE, Royal Chief.
Ghobse W. Patbbsox. Recorder. ■__
H_3Bf» THIRTIETH GRAND AN- v
&--» nuai gathering and cames of the 3V, QJj
Caledonian Club. Shell ' Mound * Park, _k^C£_:
Berkeley, SATURDAY, ■ May .30. A %_~_T
most interesting programme, Including all ancient
Scottish feats of strength and skill and other ex-
citing new events. A handsome banner will be
presented to the winning team In the relay race
between the hieh school boys of San Francisco
and Oakland. Noted athletes . from all parts of
America, as well as lads and lassies, will take part.
Coin to the amount of $3000 and other valuable
prizes will be distributed to the . successful cor.i-
pe.itors on the grounds. Music and dancing In
two large pavilions. A Caledonian welcome to all.
Be sure and buy your tickets for Shell Mound
'Park. Admission — Adults 50c, children 25c
D. R. McNEILL. Chief.
J. H. Duncan, Secretary. '
BJ^— ?■ NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
EpjG' ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
.hereby Riven that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Paciiic Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1896. at the hour of 11 a. m., at the office of the
conijiany. Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
t.'ouiity of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPRECKELS, President.
W. S. Leaks, Secretary.
San Francisco. Cal., May 15, 1896.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
R^3= COFFjsY*S COLLECTION CO.. 235
fis-^ Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for $10: all
costs paid. Telephone Red 304.
BETS* THE SCHOONER PILOT HAS ARRIV-
ES^S* ed with a lot of fresh halibut; will retail
them at 5c per pound. Apply at Union-st. wharf.
E^> BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4;
wkZ£r collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 :ilon:^v «.. room 6. Tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS tVANTKL>-:F.EMAI,E.
"CURST-CLASS SEAMSTRESS AND
-T maker desires situation; best references; city
orconntry. MI^S CULLEN, 323 Sailer st.
-r»IRST-CLASS|COOK. WHO UNDERSTANDS
J. all branches of cooking, desires situation ; best
city references. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
EASTERN CURL WISHES A SITUATION IN
Ju American family: neat and capable for house-
work. FE.N'TON <fc CO.. 122 Geary st.
pOMPETEST IRISH GIRL WISHES TO DO
\J general housework in city. FENTON & CO.,
1"2 Geary st.
TMRST- CLASS AMERICAN WOMAN; 18
-F very much in need of work; is willing and can
do most anything: is strong and able to work;
will •50 by the day. or go steady; perfectly honest
r.r.i temperate; more for good home than wages;
no cards: please call; is alone; don't fall to call.
Koom 8, 231 Third St.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
\JT day: , washing, ironing and cleaning. 358
Eleventh St. ,*y -
TIANTED-BV A COMPETENT GIRL, SITU-
'» atlon for general housework; city or country.
530 Eddy st.
T>ESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
XV a situation to do upstairs work , care of children
and light housework. Call 307 a Sixth st. V .' •
V COMPETENT WOMAN TO DO COOKING
in private family. Call 1126 Howard st.
RELIABLE GIRL (LATELY FROM IRE-
J t land) wants situation to dogeneral housework.
Call or address 2417 Clay st.
RESSMAKER, PERFECT FITTER, WILL
do first-class work very reasonable; borne or
will go out. 41 Eddy st.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
\J to do general housework; Is good cook and
laundress; not afraid of work. Call or address 214
Third St., room 51.
77y COMPETENT WOMAN, general
-U housework: city or country. 551 V 2 Howard.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS A PLACE IN
\J restaurant or private boarding-house to help in
* the kitchen: thoroughly understands her business;
wages $12 per month. Call or address 653 Folsom.
WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF WORK BY
I t the day. week or month. Call 17 Elliott Park.
BY RELIABLE AMERICAN WOMAN, TO DO
cooking and housework in small family; mod-
erate wages. Call 1239% Market bU
"PUOTESTANT LADY, WITH A CHILD OF 10
X years, wants position aa working housekeeper
for widower or bachelor; a go. home the object.
Address P. L-, box 102, Call office.
C WIDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
O housework, Call 424 Jersey St., near Castro.
"YOUNG FRENCH LADY DESIRES SITUA-
X tlon as lady's maid or housekeeper; can teach
French; good references. 612 Bush st.
TjiRKNOH LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
X). housekeeper: good cook: $12 a month. M. C,
717% Bush st. . •■••".
QCAN DIN A VIA GIRL DESIRES TO DO
O general housework; no postals; call and see.
Address 45 Sacramento st. '
/ • IRL WANTS POSITION IN RESPECTABLE
* I family, housework and second work, in Ala-
medaor city: good reference. Please call, with
present employer, 838 Santa Clara aye.. Alameda.
T7URST-CLASS COOK WANT.? A SITUATION
J . in an American family; will do plain washing:
references; no postal answered: 314 Jessie st.
GIRL WANTS TO DO PLAIN SEWiNG,
- mending or cooking by the day ; very reason-
able, all 211% Polk st. - - • "
S" ITUATION WANTED BY A WOMAN TO
O do general housework; small wages; city or
country. 39 Minna St.; apply 2 days. -■ ■ 
\\r ANTED— by" A middle-aged WOMAN
'» li-;ht housework; work for a few hours in the
day. 653b Minna st. • : : -...\
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
\J the day: washing, laundress or hou seel can ing.
Call or address 43 Willow aye., cor. Polk st.
IJESPECTABLK YOUNG GIRL WANTS SITU-
SX ation to do light housework and plain cooking.
Call or address 257 Tehama st., off Fourth. .
ADY WANTS A SITUATION AH HOUSE
keeper; city preferred. Address or apply 120%
Geary st., room 15. ; •
\\T ANTED — SITUATION TO DO XjPSTaIRS
'i work and sewing or ..attendance on Invalid.
M. A. 8., box 11, Call Office. Oakland. -.. ■
p OVERNESS AND NURSE. WITH YEARS'
VT experience in refined families, seeks position;
also other qualifications: references; terms moder-
ate. Y. W. CH. A., 1221 O'Farrell st.
SITUATION ANTED BY AN iiXpEßl-
•enced child's nurse; capable of taking entire
charge from birth; best oity reference: accustomed
. to travel, j Call or address 423 Ninth st.
Fddle-aged WOMAN wants BITUA-
tion as housekeeper, or take c.ire of children;
best of reference, call 2 days, 720 Natoma sup
- p ERMAN GIRL, 16. WISHES LIGHT HOUSE-
VT- work, or work in bakery; 10 per month. 1305
Mis ion st. \ . ; ■ ■ ',
OMPETENT.- YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
situation: general housework; good cook: kind
. to children; city, or abort distance in country.
" 27 1/2 Fourth st. -"-■- - r ■
I C WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
ij housework. Address 12 Clara st. : - ;
PROTESTANT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
X tlon to do general housework in an American
family; is a good cook and laundress; best of ref-
erences. : Call or address Housework, 308 Fifth
a., fiat 3. . - :
ITUATION WANTED -AS NURSE OR TO
take care of invalid; wages $20 to *26. Ad-
dress or call, A. D., 929 Pine s:. - ':,,.• .
14; ANTED— SITUATION BY MIDDLE-AGED
•■■»?: woman: is a good cook and laundress; city or
country- Apply at 1000 Washington a. , ■ -
ADY FKOM THE EAST-WOULD LIKE A
J position: either us managing housekeeper or
governess, call or address 137 Seventh st., room 1.
MART YOUNG GIRL, JUST - FROM IRE-
laud, wishes a situation in private family. Call
at 37. Kvf rett st. ■■■ .- .- - ;. ■,■-■■• . ; i ; ; ,  ; ; -: , =; .
N AMERICAN, GIRL WISHES TO CARE
" for invalid lady; do second work and sewing:
■ references. - Address Nurse, box 45, Cal Office.' :
* MKRICAN GIRL .WISHED TO, CO GEN-
A. »ral housework and cooking in small family;
references. 7 Address 0., box 47, Call utnce.v
/ ll'T/i^KNT WISHES SITUATION
V^ for general housework.: 3323 Twentieth sUj,,
INCIIEd»ERHOUsK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: ; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 6U per night;
«$1 50 10 $6 per meek;: convenient and respectable
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry; ■ ■
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
ADY STENOGRAPHER WISHES A'POSl-
tion in a mercantile house. Address L. S_ box
92, Call. ___
■YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day, sewing or housecleaning. j Audress H. «'.,
box 99, Call.
VOONG LADY RECENTLY FROM THE
X East desires plain sewing and mending by the
day. Room 8. 472 Stevenson st.
T7XPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER WISHES
J_ piecework or depositions: law, theatrical and
business work, or will accept work by the day or
week; reasonable terms; perfect, work. Call or ad-
dress MISS M., room 6, 4-0 Montgomery st.
OOK WANTS A SITUATION FOR THE
country; bakes A SITUATION FOR Clara
J country; bakes good bread. 1301 Santa Clara
aye., Alameda. . .•: 5
/COLUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR-
\J ni&hes best help for every position in one hour.
128 Fourth St.; telephone lilac k 1353. ■ '
f> ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE; BEST I
IJT help secured. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE. . \
T^oTuTi^LA^EI^LOYM^E^T^U^E^LU^FURr
\J nlshes best help for every position In one hour.
128 Fourth St.; telephone, black, 1353. ■ -
UNTER _ CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and -Sacramento, tel. 231.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 4141,. O'Farrell; tel. E. 42a
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY -CO., 640 Clay.
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches :short notice. 14 Geary. teLGrant4B.
. W. JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 31 4 8 Sutter: tel. Grant 80.
BY STEADY, SOBER, MIDDLE-AGED MAN,
situation as dishwasher In small restaurant or
hotel ; last place 4 years. A. 8., box 3, Call Office,
Oakland. ■ __
SITUATION WANTED AS MARKER AND
distributor by young man of three and a half
years' experience. Address F. C, box 2, Call
Office, Oakland. *
QTENOGRAPER, EXPERIENCED IN LEGAL
O and commercial work, desires position; per-
manent or temporary; references. Address S. P.,
box 89. Call office.
Air ANTED— POSITION AS PORTER IN
tt wholesale house; good references. Address
P. D. F., box 47, Call Office. ; ' -.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS SITUATION TO
Udo housework and cook in family. Address H.
N., 1001 Buchanan st. "
STRONG JAPANESE MAN WANTS A POSI-
O tion in wholesale store: has best reference in
city, good driver. G. S., box 72, Call Office.
■Y OUNG MAN WANTS A SITUATION TO
X drive a milk wagon: has had experience and
knows city well. Address M. W., box 102, Call.
QITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN MAN
O as servant or porter; likes to work; understands
care of fine horses. GKDASCHEE, 330 Kearny.
■yOUNG MAN WISHES WORK OF ANY
X kind ; best references. Address G. B. C. box
14, Oail Office.
OUSE CARPENTER, GOOD WORKMAN,
wants steady job, city or country; can take
charge of work. Address H. C, box 108, Call
office.
\\T A NTED— SITUATION TO LOOK AFTER
" invalid gentlemen or as valet; first-class ref-
erences given. Address W. R., box 74. Call Office.
A7-OUNG MAN, AGE 21, WANTS SITUATION
X in city office work or traveling. Address T. L.,
box 135, Call office. . ■ '
I /IRST-CLA FRENCHMAN WANTS BITUA-
I tiou as bedmaker; has good reference. Call or
address 621 Pacific st. . •*
OAKKR FOREMAN WISHES TO TAKE
-D charge of shop, city or country. Address Baker,
box 141, Call Office. ■
YVANT~ivD~BY STRONG YOUNG MAN— PO-
>> sit ion In a wholesale house or with a shipping
or commission firm; not afraid of hard work. Ad-
dress S. M., box 151, Call Office.
j"«OA CH3IAN— SITUATION WANTED; UN-
\J derstands thoroughly the care of horses, cows,
garden, etc.; also careful driver: city or country;
reference. - Address C. D., box 99, Call.
THIRST-CLASS BARTENDER WISHES POSI-
-T tlon in a saloon or liquor-store; references.- P.
R., 1309 Stockton St. -
yOL'XO MARRIED MAN, COMPOSITOR,
JL speaking mil writing English and German,
with small amount of money, wants position; is
no: afraid to chance bis trade. Address Composi-
tor, Oakland Call Office.
■VI ARRIED MAN, FRENCH, POLISHED IN
i-VL manners and obliging, wants a situation as
coachman, butler, etc.. around gentleman's place;
can furnish highest recommendations. Address
A. B. it., 420 Devisadero St.
WINDOW- WASHING AND ROOM-SWEEP-
" ing by day, hour or piece work. Address
JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210VJ, Larkin st, rear.
T?XPERIENCED WINEM"aKEU AND CEL-
J-J larman (German), for the past 10 years fore-
man in large California wineries, with first class
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address box 1, Call Office. Los Angeles.
/"\RCHARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
v/ charge of orchard, vines, stock and general
farming; 15years' California experience; Al refer-
ences. Address Ranch, 812^4 Fulton st.
AN AND WIFE— PRIVATE PLACE OR
J.*l gentlemen's club: man 'understands care of
horses, cattle, grounds and indoor work; wife com-
petent cook' and housekeeper; Eastern people.
Address E. P., box 141, this office.
UTLER (GERMAN) WANTS POSITION;
best city references. Address G. D., box 99,
Call Office, •
OTEL OR. RANCH MANAGER— :.aN AND
I! wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public in-
stitution or other property in Southern California;
large experience in handling help. Manager,
I', i . box 2217. San Francisco.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
it Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to ¥1 60 per night; SI 60 to 96 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $ 1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus ami baggasreioand from the ferry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THB
■A. WEEKLY CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
FEMALE HELP WANTED^
TV"EAT GIRL. HOUSEWORKJ-COUNTRY,
JLN uood place. 320; voting woman to assist in
kitchen, $20: housekeeper. $15; - waitress, $15,
and ether places. MURRAY <t READY, 834
Clay st. • ' - '
ECOND GIRL, OAKLAND, $25: CHAMBER-
O maid and seamstress, $25; nurse, $25. MISS
CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
p ER>I AX HOUSEWORK GIRL, OAKLAND, 2
VJT in family. $15; German nurse, child 3 years.
$15. M IBS CI'LLION, 323 Sutter St.
OOK, COUNTRY, $35; WAITRESS, SAME
VJ house. $25.. MISS CULLEN. 323 Butter at.
C* ERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, $25.
XJ MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
OOK. SLEEP HOME, $20. MISS CULLEN,
323 Slitter St. t .
/I ERMAN. SCANDINAVIAN OR FRENCH
IJT seamstress, 825. MISS CULLEN, 323 Butter.
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $15. MISS
VY CULLEN. 323 Butter st.
OMAN WITH A CHILD; $15; COUNTRY;
good place; s*e party here. Apply early to
MISS CULLEN, 823 .Butter st. V
QSEOOND-OIRLS, OAKLAND, $25. MISS
£ CULLEN, 323 Sutter st . t
VOIISG NURSEGIRL; $10. MISS CULLEN,
i- 323 Suiter st.
OUSEWORK GIRL. COUNTRY, $20; 3 IN
family. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
' AITRKSS, $15; GOOD PLACE. MISS CUJj-
LEN. 323 Suiter st.
OOK, P.OARDINO-HOUSE, $36. MISS CUL-
LEN. 323 Sutter st.
ANTED— LAUNDRESS, PRIVATE FAMI-
'» ly, $25, see Iftdy hire at 9 to-day; Irish girl
for cooking and housework. 3 in family, $25; 1 ro-
testant second girl. $20: Invalid's nurse, $25: 3
cooks, German style. $25; restaurant cook, $25,
see party here . at 9 to-day: 3 waitresses, $20;
chambermaid assist waiting. $20; and. a great
■ many slrls for cooking and housework in city and
.country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutterst.
ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS COOK, ALSO A
waitress, same home in country, $25 and $35;
a first-class laundress, $30. Apply MISS PLUN-
X i-.TT, 424 butter St. ■
■VT EAT GIRL" FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
-I-' In Alameda, $20; German cook for small fam-
ily in city, $25: fifty cood housework girls for city
and country, $25. • $20 and $15. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Gutter st. ; vv J
"PROTESTANT COOK FOR SAN MaTEO, $25;
X North German girl, general housework, city,
$25; cook, small country resort, $20: girls for
housework, city and country, 20 and $16. C. R.
HANSEN A Co.. lIP Geary at. '
DISHWASHER FOR PRIVATE FAMILY,
one who speaks French preferred, $25; cook
small country restaurant, see party lie re 8:30, $25;
waitress country hotel, $20: waitress city hotel,
$20: ironer for starch work, country laundry, $10
a week ; ironer tor French laundry, country, $20
and found; 2 first-class ironers, city. " C. R. HAN-
HEN <fc CO, 110 Geary st. -•..
ANTED— GERMAN NURSE FOR GROWN
children and sewing. $20: infant's nurse. $26-
-second; girl small hotel, $15; Frencn laundress
and second girl, country,, fare paid, $20; cook,
same place, $20. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stock-
ton st.".: -. _■ • ■ : .:■ . '.*.■ .-. ■.1 ■ . . ;
\\r ANTED— GERMAN LADY CHAMBER.
■'»»> work: girl' chamber and dining-room work.
$20 a month; experienced . lady shirt-maker; girl
about 15, fine country norm , orphan, preferred-
hotel waitress, $20. Colambiu, 128 Fourth st,
\\r AITRE.SSKB, spki.ngs, $20. HOTEL GA-
V? ZETTE,' 420 Kearny St • ■■'--'.:
'.;. A : PPKENTICE, r HAIR-DRESUING,/ ilANI-
xv curing «nd beauty parlors; permanent. 131
St., room 20. . . ■: : ; . .:-••. ; - . ; . •■
..\\r ANTED— . x J'P H !•: N TICK ON VESTS WHO
can sew well. ■ Apply 1553y g Market st.
D EtiPECTABLK. GIRL,. GENERAL HOUSE-
IX work; small family: no wash. , 2138 Howard.
WILL GIVE IN EXCHANGE: F<K DRESS-
'» - making a sunny furnished room. 1211 Lagu na.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
. HELP .WANTED— Continued.
•vtice person" TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK
x\ for board and small compensation. Cottage,
11 Essex st,, sooth gate. ____________
'WANTED —AN EXPERIENCED LADY
»' fitter for cloaks and tailor-made suits. Apply
Cloak Department, White House, from 8 to 10 a.m.
OBER PROTESTANT WOMAN LIGHT
O housework; 2 In family; plain cooking. ■ 764
Howard st. ■''''■ ___________*
\VAN TEI) — GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
tt housework and cooking. 1316 Ellis st. '. .
TvERMAN COOK IN SMALL FAMILY:
\t plain washing. Call 1814 Washington St., 8
to 10 a. M.
VOU>"O GERMAN GIRL ASSIST LIGHT
X nous, work; good home. 2120 Union st. •
\)irANTED-GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
TT work; wages $10. 914 Pierce st.
OUNG LADY STENOGRAPHER FOR FEW
X dictations daily in exchange for office room.
410 Montgomery St.. room 1. • : ''■'■
IRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN .GENERAL
vJ housework. 1133 Geary st. '. ■* -'•
ERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
\X care for 2 children. Call at 10, 463V_ Jessie.
TTHNISHERS ON CUSTOM-COATS. 441 NA-
toma st. _j ______________
T\r ANTED— PANTS FINISHER. 402 MONT-
. TT gomery St.. room 36. ■
l\ r ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
" light housework. 1217 Webster st.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO DO GENERAL
T T housework ;wagess2o. House south side school-
house, Golden Gate, Aiameda County. . -
TAT OMAN OR GOOD HOME WITH WIDOW;
Ti small wages. 12 Cherubnsco, near Thirtieth.
RKSSMAKER'H HELPER WANTED. 38
Harriet st. . ■
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE ;
wages $16. 925 Fulton st.
A PPRENTICE FOR DRESSMAKING; PAID
A while learning. 846 Folsom st.
ANTED— STRONG WOMAN FOR CLEAN-
ing; must speak German and live in the
neighborhood of North Beach. Address E., box
10. Call Office. - "■' '..
1 FINISHERS ON PANTS; CALL READY TO
; work. 1286 East Fourteenth St., East Oakland.
rtOAT-FINISHERS~W ANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street. ' ' ■
ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUBE-
work. 604 McAllister st. ■ - '
WANTED — GERMAN GIRL; GENERAL
housework in small family; good place. 2222
Fifteenth St.; Castro car. . ■ ■ ■..•■■•;
LADY AGENTS; NEW INVENTION; CUT-
■i ting dresses taught 1 hour: rights for sale. 605
Fell st. ,- .■:' .-.v
A PPRENTICES-SPECIAL LESSONS EVERY
XX Tues. in dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
<M. Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 par night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AIRDRESsINO, 25c AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes: 101es6ons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
TYKESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st. •
MALE HELP WANTED.
WAITEITANb COUNTRY HOTEL;
" $40; cook and wife, $30; waiters and dish-
washers, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. "
AY-MAKERS, FARMERS, ORCHARD AND
vineyard hands: 1 hay derrick forker, butter-
makers and milcers. MURRAY _ READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. :.••
ILKER, NAPA COUNTY, $22. MURRAY
<fe READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
p ERMAN PASTRY COOK, COUNTRY' HOTEL,
vJ $40: restaurant waiter, city. 97 week. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"I f\ LABORERS FOB THE CITY; 20 MEN TO
1" dig ditches, etc., $20 and found, for large
company. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. ■ - ■■ . -•■
% LABORERS FOR SAWMILLS AND
—vi woods: steady job: 'JO redwood tlemakers. 8
ana 10 cents each. MURRAY _ READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. ■
TO GO TO-DAY: 8 RAILROAD LABORERS;
.$2O and found; fare reduced. R. T. WARD
— jCO., 608 and 610 Clay st. '
rpO GO TO-DAY; CALL EARLY: 15 SAWMILL
X and woodsmen; $20 and found and increase;
summer's work. R. T. WARD _ CO., 608 and
610 Clay st. • ■ •
2, MINERS, MACHINE DRILL, $50 AND
board; head waiter, country, $20; harness-
I cleaner and buggy-washer, $30 and found; chore-
I man and wife, country, $35: plow hands, farm
hands and teamsters; gardener, country. R. T.
j WARD <St CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
Vir ANTED-2 FARMERS FOR HAY FIELD,
" $26 and board, harvest wages In harvest time;
2 larmers, near city, $20 per mouth: butter-mak-
er. $25 per month; 2 milkers, near city, $20;
young man to help milk and herd cows, $20; boy
for ranch, $10 per month and good home; barber
to run shop near city, good change, do capital re-
quired; 2 woodchoppers, good layout; also cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWE It _ CO.,
626 Clay St.
EAT AND PASTRY COOK FOR SPRINGS*,
$60; meat and pastry cook, country hotel,
$60; second cook, restaurant, $60; broiler, hotel,
$40; starcher, country laundry, $10 a week:
lroner, country laundry, $25: young German
grocery clerk, conntry store, $26 and found. C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary sU
MINERS WHO CAN RUN BURL-IGH
drills, $3 a day, see party here; 4 Scandinavian
miners, $3 a day. see boss here; 10 redwood lie-
makers; 5 swampers for the woods, $26 and
board; 10 farmers, $20; milkers. $20 and $25. C.
R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 <ieary st.
BAKER AND PASTRY COOK AND ASSIST
on range, country hotel, $50. C. R. HANSEN
CO., 110 Geary St.
W ANTED-KOR A SEASIDE HOTEL, HEAD
"" cook, $80; second cook and baker, $50; dish-
washer and vegetable man, $-25. C. R. HAKSE.V
A CO., 110 Geary st. '. •
lURST-CLASS SHAVER HAND. BAND
sawyer and scroll - sawyer, M. HANSON <ft
CO., King Planlng-mllls, 231 Kins st.
OOK AND WIFE, COUNTRY HOTEL. $50 -
C. R. HANBEX * Co., 110 Geary at,
ANG OP LABORERS FOR TRACKLA YiNG,
railroad work, $1 75 a day and free fare. C.
R. HANSEN <fe CO., 110 Geary st.
EAT AND PASTRY COOK, COUNTRY HO-
tel, $80 C. R. HASHES <fc CO.. 110 Geary.
ANTED— COOK. $12 A WEEK; WAITER,
" who speaks Spanish, $25; gardener around
hotel. $15 and found: man to raise chickens, etc;
country, etc LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
\\T ANTED — MILKERS FOR CITY AND
"» country, $25 and found and $30; butter-maker,
steady Job, $30; 6- horse teamster, $30; 10 railroad
tie makers: man and wife, sin all ranch, $30: res-
taurant and boarding-house, $40 to $46 : wait* !
country, $25; ana oners. Apply to J. F. CROB-
KTT <fc CO., 628 Sacramento st,
EAD BAKER, $15 A WEEK, ROOM. ETC.-
kltchenman, $25. room, etc. ; kltcbenman,
$35, room, etc.; 15 ranch hands, $1 a day, etc ; 5
ranch hands, $15 per month, etc ; ranch carpen-
ter: 25 men to peel tanbark; man and wife, 835
etc MARTINS, 749 Market st.
OUNG MAN TO WORK ON A RANCH;
X must know how to milk; $25. Apply after 8
to MISS CULLEN, 323 Matter st. '. --,».
COLORED BOY WAIT AT TABLE, PRIVATE
/ family, $20 per month. MISS tI'LI.KN, 323
Sutter st. ■:
SECOND COOK. COUNTRY. $45. HOTEL GA-
O ZETTE, 420 Kearny at.
T> ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT call skc-
JL> re'.arv Barbers' A eso., 225 Grant are. S.FUCHS.
AJtIBERS 1 ASSOCIATION OF CAL. LMI-toV-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann. 289 I /a O'Farrell.
WANTED— TAILOR, AT ROOBBROS'., 37-37
11 Kearny st. .
\\r ANTED— RESTAURANT AND RESTAU-
' » rant furniture; spot cash paid. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. . ■ ■ -.
OOD COATMAKER: NON& BUT GOOD
r workmen apply. 697 Mission, second floor. ;
WANTED— GENTS FURNISHING GOODS
" salesman; one with knowledge of clothing.
Apply 523 Market St., room 7, bet. 3 ana 6 p.m.
11T ANTED— AT THE PEOPLE'S- RESTAU-
' * rant, 24 Hayes St., man to carry the banner.
AN * TKI) — 3 BARBKRS; STEADY WORK.
' ' Columbia. 128 Fourth st. _^_^
COD BARBER, THURSDAY AND SATUH-
day; $5. 13 Vi Third st. • ■ •■■-■■
HOEMAKER WANTED; GOOD REPAIRER.
787 Market st.
WAN TED- FIRST - CLASS BARBERS;
" steady work; 60 cents on dollar. 207 Fourth.
ARBF.R WANTED— COR. TWENTY-FIRST
and Broadway, Oakland; rail at 9 o'clock, a. m.
QHOEMAKEK ON REPAIRS: STEADY JOB.
0 Call 230 Noe St.. cor. Sixteenth.
ANTED — PARTNER IN GOOD-PAYING
business: capital required, $250. Address D.,
box 109, call office.
\\T ANTED— STEADY MAN AS PARTNER IN
'» paying wood ' and coal yen); must have $150
cash. JOHNSTON, 28V3 Kearny at.
\» T ANTE D— ST E A DTt MAN TO LOOK AFTER
* ' office, handle cash, etc.: duties easily learned:
experience not necessary; capital required. $175.
GEORGE STEWART. 602 Market st.
AIT ANTED— STEADY MAN; LIGHT WORK;
salary el 5 per week to start; must bare $100
cash. 777 Market at., room 7. ..
TVT ANTED— MAN- EXPERIENCED IN CON-
' ' ,cr -te work to undertake a job of about $1000,
In exchange for lttO-ecre ranch in Napa County.
Address 410 Kearny St., room 10. • .
HOE-SHOP FOR SALE: GOOD LOCATION;
.cheap rent. Apply.Call Office. • " . f
PHOTOGRAPHEB WHO . UNDERSTANDS
I all part h of the business: none but good work-
men need apply;. -'ConQva Gallery, cor. Park and
Santa Clara aye., Alameds. x .-.-■.,
1 MMEDIATKLY— 2O MEN. FRUIT-PICKING;
-L 15 housework . girls. 921' Broadway, room 10,
Oakland. ':, ■■-^. :■-■.. . ; ;
Solicitor WANTED. GOLDEN GATE dye
Works, 342 McAlllsierst. ... -■.. .. -^. ........ .
ANTED — GENTS' FURNISHING AND
fancy goods salesman. Address MILES, box
36, Call. "■•- - - •-'--••.---
____■_ HELP WANTED— Continued. •
O i BUSHELMEN^ J WANTED. 641 MARKET
— ' street. .. - . . ■■ . ;•■:■-- ' •-.■•■■■• -^
VyA.NTED-A SOBER MAN WHO SPEAKS
" German, understands taking care of a couple
of horses and wagon and make himself useful in
the store. Address E. A., box 74, this office.
BARBERS-3 CHAIRS; BARBER-SHOP OF
-U 15 years' standing: must be sold: cheap;
owner leaves city. 502 Montgomery aye.
-CENT BEDS; ALL CLEAN. . O_O KU_ TOH
O Hospital, Bryant St., bet. Fifth and Sixth. -  . .
ijARBERS— GOOD • 2-CHAIR shop and
'> baths; a bargain- must be sold. DECKEL-
MAN BROS., lOd Ellis St. . ' ■ -.. :
"SEFUL • MAN WITH $150; SPLENDID
chance; $60 per month guaranteed. JAMES,
box 25, Call. ■ • ■■■■■-■-■■.---■
i BAR"BER-SHOP- 15c; SPLENDID CHANCE;
XJ no rent : $160. STOLTZ, 630 Market st. . - .
NEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
XI 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 60c:week,$l to t'i 50- reaiting-room;strlctest at-
tention to morning calls:clean;quiet': open all night
PENSIONS— J. H SHEPARD _ CO., THE OLD
X reliable attorneys, 1068 Eait Sixteenth j St.,
Oakland, Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-,
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house: new. calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. -
LCHO . HOUaii, 563%" MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to'6oc night; $1 to $" week.
JUST OPENED; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
Pacific St., below.Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16c per night; clean beds, sonny rooms. . ■-
\ "ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
" Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
not less than 6 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted ; this important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further Information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
0 0.1. - ■
CIALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60;
> half-BQlelng 25c up. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
A STHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
- v din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44TUIRDST..NEAR
TT Market: 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
• 8. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
ANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1616 Howard.
X\r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
'» some simple* thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDKRBURN & ro.. Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D.-C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. _^
C KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
> acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, teL m. 853.
EST IN CITY— SING' E ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night." $1. $1 26, $1 60 per wee-
Pacific House, Commercial and Ld-esdorff sts.
"DOOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 50
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES due labor
TT ers_clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
IJARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X) ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO '
" su-, 200 rooms; best in the city, slngie rooms
20 and 25c a night, »1 a week: meals 10& . . ■ i
T\T ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS '
"» to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie- .
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 160 ,
large rooms: 250 per night; $1 to $3 per week.
I INDELL nOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD '
X i sts.; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c night.
EN'S %-SOLLNG 60c: LADIES' 40c; DONK
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 l\f\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
X.\ i\J and _0c a night, including coffee and roils,
624 Washington st,, near Kearny. _^
E ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
• » your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work ]
nt one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
VI EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
I*l all grocers keep It. • " : :--.-. -■. ; >
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOR 60;
1 also a bottl scf lager, sc, at 637 Clay st. •. ; '•
KY' ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BBS-
X low Sixth, for a room: We a night ; $1 a week. >
TV ANTED-BINGLE. ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
TT v-»ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay «t
AGENTS WANTED. , >.;.
1 '^J^ANVASS_RSr*3 TO $7 A DAyT^OOM
X -- 805. 927 Market St.. 9 to 12 a. m.
property WANTED.
a^^^ext^a^sh^ic^Tu3?i__f : r^ved'
tt Pacific Heights lots, 2 or more, suitable for
building, in exchange for $12,000, nearly new !
marine-view residence. Address P. D., box 114,
Call Office. ■
* WANTED-MISCELXANEOUS.
t^iekt~hXni>6rg anT m t s r i.k lot; 6
and cheap. Address Organ, box 3. Call Office.
IGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
\\r ANTED— NATIONAL CASH REGISTER;
» » must be a total-adder and In goo. condition.
Address W. N., box 66, this office.
ANTED — SECOND - HAND NATIONAL"
cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 106, this office. . .
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
<lrv to A. X I, KIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
; ~ ■ LOST. ■ ■ - •.-• .
Q.~\ f\ "BEWARji - • PLAIN GOLD-PLATED
«35Xv/ child's watch (Cenntenlal movement), val-
ued as a gift of deceased grandfather. Full value
of watch as reward for return to this office.
LOST-A PARROT FROM 1120 ELLIS ST. $5
reward ior its return. j
CUE WARD LOST. FOX TERRIER BITCH^
• ' yellow on head and black spot on back. Re-
turn Baldwin Hotel storeroom, bet. 6 and 2 a. _t. .
OST— SUNDAY. BET. CASTKO AND BART-
i lett, seventeenth and Twenty-third su., $20
currency in envelope. Reward paid by leaving
same at 405 Castro st.
OST— IRISHTSETTER DOG. RETURN TO
1703 Howard st.; reward.
OsT— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of LUIGI AKCURI, No. 146570. The
tinder will please return to bank.
LOHT— 1 11 >I..\Y AFTERNOON ON THIRD
St. a black Newfoundland aud water spaniel
with white chest; reward $5. Return 176 Minna.
II MAY _.) V,\ MAIL-CARRIER SMALL
J package letters In vicinity Steiner and McAl-
lister sts.: liber;:l reward. Return to general de-
livers, main postofflce.
RUT-BOOK LOST; IF THE BOY' WHO
found the book on Market st. last^Saturday aft-
ernoon wi'l reusrn It to the saloon, 502 Market st.,.
he will receive reward. «
"I OrsT-GULD WATCH, DIAMOND LOCKET
J- and chain on Sunday, -_ Ith.on San Bruno road,
between city and Uncle Tom's cabin: will pay re-
ward asked. J. LBO, 14 Hofl aye.
..^.^ FOUND. "-'•'- '
• TRISH SETTERBITci_"o AVNEB , CAN HAVE
X same by paying charge*. 1838Va Howard st.
11OKSES. "
HORSE AND DELIVERY WAGON, WITH
harness, cheap; only $50; also 1 dozen fancy
chickens. Apply 2425 Gough St., near Broadway
AUCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
wagons, harness, etc. at Derby • stables, 645
Geary, cor. Leavenworth.every Tuesday 11 o'clock. '
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. ATKINS, auctioneer.
NICE BLACK SADDLE HORSK FOR SALE.
XI Gllmore Bros.' stable, Twelfth and Mission ste.
IPOR SALE— SO HEAD OF GOOD YOUNG
workhorses. .426 Valencia st. J. D. FOR-
RESTER, Salesman." :" . ' / •
*SOO SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND EAR-
_»v/V/.. ness; all kinds: .wagon, carts, surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
40 _ lORBES FoX SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
~V bugsies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth St.; anctlbn sales every Wednes-
day.. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers. •
HORSES PASTURED; ' SEND FOB CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
I FiO SETS NEW A.>J- aKCOND-HAN_» HArt-
x _#v ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and.
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st. ; ,
DR. C. Hi WEHTPHAL. VETERINARY BUR-
XJ teon for a F. Police Department Office and
hospital. 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
J WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD WAGON, : HORSE AND HARNESS
cheap;jiultablc for peddling. 1418 Alabama st.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
O samples. 11. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
M E W AND SKCO.ND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
-*•" dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and _ fine buggies. .828 Ilarrlsot-st. . j-
_^ ATTORNEYS-
A DV JOE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
, x •"y; private; no charge unless successful; all
aw suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended tq O. w. HOWE, att'y-al-iaw, 860 Market.
T i E. HII PS-U. S. AND STATE COURTS;
-_j • ; .i. E. ikies and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California st.
~\\ J. N O Lfc N, ■. AIT OR N KV-AT-La W. . 719
i-TX . Market at. ; advice free. '
rp, J. -MURRAY, ATT' AND COUNSELOR AT
x . law; advice free. 24 Sixth su, rooms 14. 15.
W w - Davidson, attorney -a i'-1a w. 420
.tt, . California . at., rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
- ■' '-' '-~^H KlTE ''i -'--':. . . ■ "
"\7"OST, $30; .OALIGRAPH,' $25; SEND FOR
X ample work. SCOTT _ BANK AN, 333 Monty
PERSONALS, l '-_ _-_-■- -_"-'___:"-V
ANCER-CURING ! SURE CURE • NO RE,
\J no pay. Address MRS. L. C. WHITNEY, 1218
Cypress st., i bet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth, Oak- I
land, Cal. * :
OTICE TO RANCHMEN— I NEW MARK-
XI ham Eureka - mower for sale cheap for cash.
H. CA-.LAUHAN, 737 Folsom st.
LUKs>T-CLA S.-S ■ tailor-made button-
X? holes 2 cents each. 689 As ! aye.
GEO. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 216
Sansome st., room 4. • - ■■-■■-
PARISIAN MILLINERY' SCHOOL; A FULL
-I- course taught in six weeKs; competent gradd-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate avei . -"
DAVID JEFFERSON, MUSICIAN AND VO-
calist. 416 Dupont; music for all occasions,
reasonable. -viCTßrqu'aiJC' . - . •■ . •■■
RAO CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER.FOR SALE;
Jt also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
EWARD— THE MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
XV sociation offer a reward of $20 for Information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work is being done.
LI N COIJN r ~8R0"5.7"2_6 SIXTH ST., MIDDLE
XJ of the bloc_: look for the name; 10 lbs. rolled
oats, 25c: 9 lbs. rolled wheat, 25c; 6 lbs. dried fruit,
-sc; 23 candies, 25c; 4 cans Cutting's tomatoes, '
25c; one lb. line tea or coffee, 25c; box macaroni i
or vermicelli,- 25c: 3 Ins. cheese, 25c: milk or
cream. 10c a can; eggs, 10c a dozen: butter, 20c a j
roll; Eastern hams. 8c lb.: picnic hams, 6c lb.;
flour, 80c a sack. LINCOLN BROS., cash grocers, !
226 Sixth st.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $16 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company,lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SP_
dalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
T AM NOT SECOND CLASS, AS MY PRICE
X (25c) for hair-dressing might lead some people
to believe; I employ nine of the best artists In the
city; aon|t mistake the place. 11l Stockton st., G.
LEDE RER.
VAPOR AND ELECTRIC BATHS FOR
Rheumatism, Sciatica, Constipation, Obesity.
EO. W. PHELPS, aTTORNEY-AT-LAW, 216
• Sansome st., room _.
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 sixth st children's school hats 6c ; dyed,
pressed 26c.; nats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c
T IBEIS.AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
SPECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER & CO., MERCHANT |
Tailors, Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
mRUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company. 43 Sutter st. telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us. '
1 (100 CARDS, $160; SHOW CARDS, 15c;
X \ >\J\J teL Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary r. 39.
ABK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash ; cures scalp diseases : take no other.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 26 cents.
_ TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
/V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at . M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st.; open evenings.
TT'LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
X-f Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKL. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
"DARTING TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and ■ evening
classes; Instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Fartlngton,R.L.Partinston. Particulars 424 Pins st
R. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
chanan; gas given; crown and bridge wor_
U~ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY", FORMERLY 132
\J Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton ; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
X>lG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND . LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
/CLOAKS, CAPES AN_» SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfra' cost. Factor-. 'SO t-'armoma St.. upstair*.
~ . DRESSMAKERS.
41 A TAYLOR— E ; LEG I ANT STYLISH SUITS,
j.x\j $,'• up: dresses made over. .
RESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 505*4 Natoma St., above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
'■"-''"■'"■'" •"• "''___• - ■ ■
_r_ 60ct8 «nd $I— socts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest ■to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and burled treasures, find lost .
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure Dad
habits and destroy evil Influences in halt the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 2 to 6 P. 11.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERB,
' > 1728 Market st.
DO NOT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. M. L.
Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium: he gives correct information on
love, courtship, - marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go ana wnat to do to be successful,
reunites the separated and causes a speedy mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. - 220 Eddy st. ; hours 9t09. ■ '
SYRA, THE WORLD'S RENOWNED INDE-
pendent slate- writing medium: known through-
out Europe and America as the mystic wonder;
If deceived by fakirs come to Syra; have you
trouble? do you need advice? Syra tells just what
you want to know; mediums developed: hours,
10 a. _t. to sp. ii. 1008% Market st., parlors 1
and 2. . ' . ■ . '
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT FOR
25 years Kearny, now 929 Post St.; fee $1:
letter $2. . ■: _^
ROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST., NEAR
Sixth; wonderful. power: advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; tells of
friends and enemies; 9to 8, 'also Sunday. ..
•>-! C ELLIS ST.— PROF. AND MME. HALE,
Oli) occult scientist, palmistry and clairvoyants;
names given: 9to 9: also Sunday. ■ ■ .
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT. PAST AND FU-
ture, 25c 811 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 'lurk st,, nr. Jones.
ME MOREAUrBEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
. past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. EX' >DIUS, . CLAIRVOYANT, BE-
moved to 1003 Mission st., near corner. Sixth.
\\ ME. RAVENA READS LIFE. FLUENTLY:
,Itl tips on races; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE Tb-LLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee -5 cents. 914 O'Farrell at. .
p YPSY Lit E-READER; ■ LADIES, 26c:
VT gents, 600 ; readings daily except Sun. . 6 7th.
ME. ARNDT. BEST FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world; 50c and $1. shows you the picture ot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
er and clairvoyant in world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of I age; I mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladles or gents 50c 917 Market, 3 and 4.
I) -TURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED mmc.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM- •■' .-'•• _ '■
MRS.. DR. MIRANDAS, MEDIUM, PHYSl-
cian, guarantees satisfaction; love, business;
removes evil Influences:' her Revealed Medicines
cure all diseases: sit. $1 ; 10 to 8 p.m. 1206 Market.
FUXtON; SL.ATKWRITING : SEANCE
■IYI to-night: 60c: sittings daily: 31 Fell st. -
A I Its. SHKINKR & GRIFFIN ; TEST CIR-
ItJ cle to-night; 10c 311 Van Ness aye.
EBT CIRCLE TO-NIGHT 10c. MME. E.
X YOUNG, 605 McAllister st. : articles read.
DDIE (-.WAIN; : ASTRAL-SKER: LADIES
only; no fee only as a gift. 1055 Market st. ! .
T\t RS. KATE HOSKINS. TKA.NCE AND BUSI-
IVL ness medium sittings dally: $1; circles Tues-
day evening, 25 cents. 136 Oak st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYAST
trance medium : sittings $1. 818 Stockton at.
_ ASTROLOGY. / ;^^ . ,^J"
rT__A^ANBWERS^ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets from date of birth, dally, or by mall,
»2. 86% Geary si,
.^ ;^- . ■ OAItPET. CLEANING. __" '
; TR_AT_rA^^RN^TEA_VARPET CLEAN-
VT ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
I ONES CU CAkFL-I' - CLEANING AND
O renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
ARPETS CLEANED, So A YARD; LAID 3c.
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
HEN "BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
.••tt. poor wont send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 363-57 .Teßama St.; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET SEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126. ' •_'•■;
ITY STEAM CAKPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
V t ting, 38 Bth. - STEVENS, mgr. . TeL South 250.
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CARI'ET-BKAT-
inc. works; latest improved machinery ; 3c yard.
G. GKOKGE.oflice 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
|~* a'RPKTS CLEAKKD AND RENOVATED
\J like new.-," FEKGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; t-sL
Booth 36. - d. mackintosh &co., successors.
J".. E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 340
• 14th st.; cleaning 3c a yard. ;- Tel. Mission 74.
, MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REX-
. ovating works.' 453 Stevenson; tel. south 2.8.
' BUSINESS CHANCES. ,
OKA BUTCHER - 8HOP; OLD- ESTAB-
»PO«JU. lisbed : 2 horses, wagon, cart; low rent;
a great bargain. JOHNSTON, 2«y Kearny St.
(Mr c(\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
tJpOOv/. very central; 2 living-rooms: owner had
place 9 years. JOHNSTON, 2&V^ Kearny sU ■
l-QAI OLD - ESTABLISHED BAKERY—
t_)OUU. Good store trade and wagon route; bak-
ing 2 bbls. daily. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
<2*d^f\ FINE PAYING RESTAURANT ON
tl&UOv/.' Kearny St.: low rent: receipts $25 to
$30 daily; a sure bargain. JOHNSTON, 26%
Kearny st. ■ - * • - ■ •
BaKERY; ALL STORE TRADE;
tPOOU. clears $75 month. GUS STRAND, 45
Third at,- ... '- __
■STr A SALOON: OFFER WANTED TO-
tJp^OU. day. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
O BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSl-
ness of any kind see GUS STRAND, 45 Third.
GROCERY AND BAR; FULL VALUE; OFFER
. wanted. GUS STRAND. 45 Third st.
WANTED BY YOUNG MAN— TO INVEST
small amount of capital and services in some
legitimate business; no canvassing: no agents.
Address, full .particulars, Invest, box 105, Call
Office. — ... --•■ ■
<SitiF.d RESTAURANT, WITH BAR:
>DOU. clears $150 a month. GUS STRAND,
i____l________— — — — — — — — - — — — — — —
CUQFifI PARTNER WANTED TO-DAY IN
tjpOOv. first-class dining parlor: clears $150 per
month. GUS STRAND, 46 Third st.
_-1 ?;a restaurant near MARKET
•iOU. St.; cheap at $600. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st. •--■■ '
©Q^fk. DRY GOODS, NOTIONS AND VA-
«Jpt/tJU. rlety store: 4 furnished rooms: full
value: offer wanted this week. GUS STRAND,
45 Third st, ' ..■ ■ - '■-.
<_'-*^A BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
fg)Oo\J. icecream parlor, also cigar-store: build-
ing included; long lease; a snap. GUB STRAND,
46 Third at.
_________________________________
4_QPiA RESTAURANT SOLD TO-DAY AT A
tIpOOU. great sacrifice; fully $2000 In sight;
elegantly fitted;. good location; receipts $30 to s3s
daily; chance for fortune. GUS STRAND, 45 3d.
ELEGANT GROCERY WITH' 2 TEAMS:
X!i well-established business; fine location; In-
vestigate this rare chance, this fine place. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ' .
QQP.A FOR HALF INTEREST GOOD,
tE! O«JU. paying meat market; best part of city.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. >
mo- SELL YOUR " BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
ffi> 1 f\(\ BAKERY WITH BRICK OVEN, ALL
tJPXUv*. fixtures with oven; locality fine; cheap
rent; you will never net a bakery like this for
twice the amount; investigate this snap at once.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye
qk9£kfifl GROCERY AND BAR; ELEGANT
<Jr-J«-'" '"• corner stand: doing fine; rare chance
for fine grocery Investment: see this place at once:
the fullest investigation; located north of Market
St. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye, .
ffIJQAA FINE SALOON DOING FROM $15 TO
•pOUVJ. $20 a day business; best location In the
city; on principal street; this Is a snap. T. LU-
BKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<lJ 1 WOO GROCERY AND BAR: DOING
«05XOV.'l/. fine business; corner stand: cheap
rent: big stock; rare bargain: come see this splen-
did buy: also horse and wagon. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye. '-.-.:
cj^kA elegant stationery and co n-
<p«J«JV. fectlonery, with soda fountain: finest
locality; cheap rent and 4 fine living-rooms: see
this fine place at once; paying well. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. .,-,..
____________
3_IOOO GROCERY; SE"B IT IMMEDI-
tIpXUUU. ately. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye
Qss^fi RESTAURANT LOCATED TWO
tJPO«JU. blocks from Crocker building: excel-
lent business; receipts over $30 daily; old estab-
lished; rent only $36. M. LESS & CO- 783%
Market st.  - . . , . .
Q/lAfJ ON MARKET STREET, VICINITY
tiP-iUU. Baldwin; 22 rooms; $200 cash, balance I
$20 monthly: always filled: choice business loca-
tion: yields $100 monthly. M. LESS «fe CO., 783%
Market st. ■ ..-■■■-
ffijO^A BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
"©--*■»"• and clear store; rent only. $10; good
business. M. . LESS <fc CO., 783% Market.
©OnfV BRANCH BAKER Xf COFFEE AND
tJJV?"". icecream parlors, cigar-stand, building
I included: choice part Western Addition; ground
rent, $10; long lease. M. LESS _ CO., 783% Mar
ketst. . '.
fflJ'JXrv BRANCH BAKERY ON A BUSY
tiPOUU. street;, central: good stock; nice fix-
tures: living-rooms; choice place. M. LESS- &
CO., 783% Market st. ■ •
<_QAn ELEGANTLY FITTED UP SALOON
tJpOvM'. with private rooms; north of Market
street: fine cash register: big bargain. STEN-
BERG, 632 Market st.
t2» QAA SALOON IN BUSY PART OF TOWN;
tipOUv. cheap rent; don't miss this bargain.
STENBKRG & CO., 632 Market SU -■;
I dill ?\f\ft CORNER RESTAURANT, NEAR
! O\J\J. transfer ' point, • Western Addition ;
; handsome private rooms: owner 3 years; no better
offer In market ; rare bargain. STENBERG CO.,
63' i Market st. . - .
O_QAAA PARTNER wanted IN weli-
C><JVJUU. established steam laundry in first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
I ing-houses and restaurants; valuable outside
routes: horses and wagons; business sure to in-
crease if properly attended: books open for inspec-
tion: full investigation. STENBERG CO., 632
Market st. " ' - "
QQAA CORNER SALOON; NICELY FIT-
iJOuU. ted up: good location; wholesale dis-
trict; offered at a sacrifice; owner bus two places.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
$17^0 RESTAURANT AND SALOON;
tIP I «JU. near large carbon neat, attractive
place: doing Al business; large number regular
boarders; retiring from business. . sTENBERG
CO., 632 Market st. "
■ ffinnn SALOON AND CARD ROOM; GOOD
I «J)__UU. business: clearing $3 to $5 daily: look
this up.' KENNY & CO., 765 Market st.
CI» 1r f\ PARTNER WANTED — LIGHT,
tIPXtJU. profitable business: no night or Sunday
work; rare chance. KENNY & CO., 765 Market.
QJOCAA PAPER ROUTE; 550 SUBSCRIB-
_«_)v/U. ers; thriving town near city; circula-
tion increasing: most desirable paper on coast:
increasing in public favor. KENNY 4 CO., 765
Market st.
»'KA PARTNBR WANTED; SALOON
I tlpDOl/» and lunch house; good stock; fine trade.
KENNY * CO., 765 Market st.
<m 1 £(\ RESTAURANT— PART OF
lOU. Markets-; good trade; new fixtures: a
bargain. KENNY <fc CO., 765 Market st.
Cj-CA WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
1 tjp • O\J and notion business; clearing over $100
month: building included: ground rent small;
great bargain.. BARRETT & SKIFF, 9,21 Market.
QOAA FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STOKE;
<J>~\.'\J. horse, wagon; rooms; daily receipts
$10; rent $12; snap. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 921
Market st. - ." , ..
ffljO^A BEST CORNER CIGAR-STAND IN
t©_t.>U. city. BARRETT _ BKIFF ,921 Mar-
ket st.
fflj O n PROVISION AND DELICACY
<4p£O\J. store; rent $14;. furnished living-
rooms; must be sold in 3 days. LYNCH <fc
S_KKY, 935 Market st.
ORNER GROCERY" AND BAR: CENTRAL;
make offer: going to Europe June 1: bargain.
LY'NCII _ SEURY', 935 Market St.
WANTED— RESTAURANTS AND RESTAU-
" rant furniture; also lodging-houses; we have
plenty of money to speculate on bargains. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st.
IF YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO BUY, SELL,
trade or exchange, see us at once: will sell your
business in H daws or treat: we have snaps for
buyers. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
"mTT^frij partner wanted in elegant-
rJp'lOU. ly furnished saloon: good day and im-
mense night trade; ] block from Examiner office.
WILKK & WOLF, 531 California st.
p ROCERY-STORE WITH'gOOD ASSORTED
\J stock, doing large family trade. This Is a fine
opportunity 10 eet good paying buniness. Particu-
j lars of J. B. MIHA.N, 509 Kearny st.
1 <_r»AAA A DYEING AND CLEANING
[ i^UVJUI/. works: established 8 years: 35-ho se-
; power boiler; 12-horse engine; all kinds of copper
; kettles; 3 wagons; 3 horses: clears over $300 per
; mo.: rent $30, with lease. Business Exchange,
! 777 Market su
I 'ft CORNER BAR, WESTERN ADDI-
tJpOvU. tion: club and living-rooms lease;
money-making place. WILKE. 531 California,
m»7fk BABBKH-SHOP ON MARKETS!'.; 2
«IP i \J. chairs: rent $15: great bargain if sold to-
day. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market st.
(JJj -1 or RESTAURAjTtTdOING GOOD BU8I-
»J) 1 — •>. ness: fine place for man and wife: av-
erage receipts $15 per day. MEEKS & CO., 865V_
Market st.
(JjfJCn CORNER SALOON OPP. GOODALL
<PUUV. <fc PARKINS' steamboat landing: rare
chance. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
TpRUITSTORE FOR SALE; COR. GROVE AND
r Lyon sts.; fine location; good outside trade;
flee horse and wagon. *
ffl»9^o BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
tJp_Ul/. notion store: 2 li vine- rooms; good
trade. Apply LBO2Vi Howard st.
ffil QOO BEST CORNER BAR IN WHOLE-
<JpXOV/U. sale district; money-making place;
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cal'a
OR SALE— STATE RIGHTS FOR VAUN
able iuvention. Apply 12 to Ip. _ 829 How-
ard st.
ffIjQAA CHOPHOUSE; CLEARS $100
tlPyUl.'. monthly: living-rooms: excellent place
forTnan and wife. Add. A., box 109, Call Office.
OM£AA WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
«ip IUUu, wine and liquor store; established for
years; large store and outside trade; lc.i.se; low
rent; living rooms. WILKE <fc WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st.
ffi-O^A PARTNER WAM'ED IN A THKlV-
•_j_'e>U. ing cash business; duties lu'ht and
tasilv learned; remainini; partner a- well-known
businessman and thoroughly resp nsible: partner
preferred to hired help. J. A., box 90, Call Office.
ft'^Ofl Al DA IKY PRODUCE STORE: FINE
i>p**\J\J . location; good paying; must be sold In 3
days: at a sacrifice. Inquire Call Office.
I-UNE BISsTNESS~c"HAN r CE~FOR A MAN
who can Invest $8000.: big profits. Address D.
X.. box 137. this office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnnea.
<_1 />aa $850 CASH, = COFFEE .SALOON
tfexbUU.-and restaurant: one of the finest loca-
tions in the city, near Market st. : elegant fixtures,
well established, trade runs i'roni $50 to $60 per
day; best of reasons for selling. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st. \ . . <-; ; :
—"•)?v/t " LEGITIMATE MANUFACTURING
(Jp—JOU. 1 business; partner .. wanted; manu-
facturing standard goods in general use every
where and in great demand; trade increasing;
money to be invested to enlarge plant; carries full
stock: .is - absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
in; will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART. 602 Market St. .*
dL'innn $500 CASH: BAI.ANCB.TO BE
(JIUUU. paid out of the business: livery,
boarding and sale stable: fine location near Market
St.; has 15 horses, 20 boarders; full equipment of
carriages, hacks, buggies, etc.; clears $250 per
month: this Is cheap at $2000; greatest bargain
ever offered. See GKO. STEWART, 602 Market.
_»1 £ A EXPRESS BUSINESS; ' GOOD
<JhlOU. stand; clearing $80 per month; sold
on account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205
Lafkin st. .:■ _ ■ v * ■■
ffl»enA CASH; BALANCE OF $900 ON EASY
JIpDUU terms: house of 7 rooms; lot 150x206;
suitable for chicken-ranch; barns, stabies, chicken-
houses, artesian well, flower-garden: lot all fenced
in. Apply J. M. MCCARTNEY, 22% Geary st.,
or Saratoga aye. and San Leandro road. ■ ■ .
ranch Bakery and- varieties;
good business; corner; 6 livlag-rooms; large
sunny yard. Apply 449 Guerrero st.
ARGUN- $125; OLD-ESTABLISHED Ci-
gar candy and notion store; large garden and
summer-house; opposite University gate, Berke-
ley junction Telegraph-aye. electric road; cars
stop in front of store. Apply on premises.
TDARTNER FOR . BEER-BOTTLING BU3I-
Jl ness; experience ' not . necessary. 712 Four-
teenth ________
_»Onnfk CORNER BAR; AVERAGE DAILY
Sn OUUU. receipts $35; choicest location; lease.
WILKE _ WOLF, 531 California st. . •
ALOON; LONG LEASE AND LOW RENT.
Apply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific
ARTINEZ HOTEL — TO RENT, UNFUR^
nished: terms reasonable; 56 rooms; in good
order. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
OK SALE— LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
X? grinding shop, well tooled up. 1003 Mission sU
mAILOR-SHOP FOR SALE; 1910 POLK. - AP-
-1 ply at 357 Grant aye. "
OR SALE CHEAP— RESTAURANT AND
coffee-house; party going to country; no agents.
Call or address S. H. McNALLY. 17 Thirtieth st.
©1 fid PARTNER IN BUTCHER - SHOP;
iDIUU, buggy and horse; good trade. • Apply
235 Third st. ; ' -■■■■■.. -■-
"djTrnn CHICKEN RANCH IN PETALU3XA:
OxJ \J. good investment. Inquire Cosmopoltan
Hotel. Petaiuma.
FOR SALE— BAKERY AND CONFECTION-
ery. Apply 526 Valencia st. ■
/GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ lady of means, $35 capital. 12 Mason St., rm. 2
/I BEAT OPPORTUNITY— WILL PUR-
VT chase retiring manager's interest, worth
$10,000. and secure permanent position on salary
in one of the . greatest dividend-paying businesses
of the century: not a mine; serious Illness com-
pels sacrifice: none but competent men with cash
considered. Address . Chronos, box 67, Call Office.
HALF INTEREST IN WHOLESALE AND
retail liquor ' business; amount required
$2500 to $8000: also leasehold, goodwill, fixtures
and furniture of a hotel doing good business;
amount required $1200. For particulars address
1. L. L., Santa Rosa.
STABLISHED MANUFACTURING. BUSI-
X-l ■ness recently incorporated offers active Inter;
est stock for sale; noe opportunity to extend
trade: fullest investigation; references given and
required; principals only. Address lock box 194,
Kan Jose, Cal. ' '-■■',
© 7 f iA FOR SALE — STEAM LAUNDRY,
«lp i Ul/. doing good cash business;- good reason
for selling. For particulars address San .Luis
Steam Laundry, San Luis Obispo, Cal.
<B>l UF. SALOON, SE. COR. BATTERY AND
«IPXU«J. Vallejo sts.: great bargain ; living-rooms
upstairs; must be sold this week] ....
ANDY-STORE FOR. SALE. -261 THIRD ST.
\J Bargain. ,
NY STOCK- OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
©IK?; A BLACKSMITH, HORSESHOEING
tip lUilU. business; clears $125 month: corner;
shop: tools; stock; party going East. Owner, box
6, Call Office. Oakland.
Ob! SALE— palace shoe store INT
flourishing county seat town; established 15
years. For particulars address Box 446. Ukiah. j
Cl* 1 (\(\ BUTCHER-SHOP: FIXTURES;
x\J\J. rent $18. 1806 Howard st.
RESTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of. sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3281 Mission.
lit 700 for sale— grocery AND BAR,
tip I \J\J. cheap rent; 3 'living-rooms and stable;
no opposition; a rare opportunity. Inquire Call
Office. ■ . .
OR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
■JC and cleaning; good reasons for selling. - Address
by letter C. BONNAKD, "218 Fourth st., Santa
Bosa.
mo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA. CLARA
X County, Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st. .
TpOR RENT. UNFURNISHED— THE -GRAN-
J ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms; in good repair and fine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person, desirous of
going into the hotel business; extra inducements
offered. ; Address LOUIS KLUMPP. Foisom, CaL
AVT ANTED— TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
"» with us; will sell it in 3 days or treat; we hava
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, 123
Fourth st.
"COLOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEAN,
X I and in good-order: always plenty on band. J. 8.,
322 Pacific St., basement. '
OOD PAYING CY'CLERY; GOOD WHEELS-
best location. W. CKaNE, 324 Post st. _
LODGING-HOUSES FOE SALE.
"wELL-FUlt
*_5 I UU . nished rooms; rent $75: long lease; '
fine location; north of and near Market St.; house
filled; paying $150 clear per month; rare bargain.
KENNY* CO., 765 Market St.
$lO' 9 ROOMS; FURNISHED WKLL;
*IP1_»-'. cheap rent: come quick for a snap. T,
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
OTICE— FOR BARGAINS IN LODGING-
Xl houses. . See GUS STRAND. 45 Third sU
1 C ROOMS; FINE CORNER..... ..... $]s<j
1 t/10-room house, worth $1000; price 40iJ
40rooms; tine tor transient. 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., only  got)
16 rooms on Taylor st_... 750
46 rooms on Market st 250U
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
1 Q-ROOM. HOUSE ON SIXTH ST.; PRICE
xO $550;' payments. DECKER, 1020 Market.
9^-ROOM CORNER- HOUSE, $1000: WORTBC
--itt $2500; must, be sold. DECKER. 1020 Market.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY t "i" SELL A LODG-
Ing-house. See T. LUBEL^KI, 7City Hall aye.
at^^fl ROOMING-HOUSE, OPP. BALDWIN^
iIDUtJv/. Hotel: ,37 rooms; partly furnished
must b.e sold immediately: account" of sickness:
must leave city. MEEKS & CO., 865% Market, *
ffljl F\fifi • "SO-ROOM HOTEL. NEAR UNION"
«35 .1 *J\J\J * Iron Works: low rent: selling ac-
count of dea:h. BARRETT * SKIFF, 921 Market.
FARGO HOUSE, 105 NEW MONTGOMERY
st. ; 84 rooms furnished : on easy terms.
90 welCfuuxishkd kooms, with~orl
-wO gan; low rent; bargain. Grocery, 40 Sixth st.
BOARDING AND LODGINU HOUSE FOR
sale; near city front; will -be sold cheap. In-
quire at 39 Pacific st.
FURNITURE 1-OK SALE. ~"
I7URNITURE OF 3 ROO^lS V ~AitrD^luTCH~E>r
_ and wood. 275 Clara st. \
AT _. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or goal
as new, cash or time: open evenings.
SURE SALE ! ~ ~ :: ' *
Prices stand till goods are completely div
posed of.
Oak bed sets , i.. $13 51
Bed lounges..; 8 03
Stoves ....; 750
Carpets, peryard „ 55
Linoleum, per yard ..........«. c .— 55
Matting, peryard...........:........... 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices wIU
stand. Till such time we.are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and ■ Mission sts. J
NOONAN. . - ■■ ■■ '
Al\(\ CARPETS;, CHAMBER BETS, $14 "
ttUU stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-
slo; bed-lounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th!
ROOMS FURNITURE, ■NEW 1 . 1..-. —^f^
Kedlouns;es trimmed with plush.....* $5 53
Brussels Carpet, laid..;.: 1!J.45c un
English Linoleum, 1aid....:.".. ...;... .40<juu
Window shades in 5 colors ■ *"*2soua
SHIREK _ SHIREK, 747 Market ■■ it, * oppostM
Grant avenue: no branch stores. -
_ FURNITURE \V ANTED.
ECOND-HAND . FURNITURE WANTED TO
fill country orders; I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. : K^- l " *
PALL ON J. C. MUTHEK, 601 CALIFORNIA^
\J if you want highest cash price for your furnl-
ture. carpets, pianos or merchandise of any kind.
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE!
than elsewhere lor furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st. .
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-"
X ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
KFURiS .SELLING YOUR : FURNITURE
send for Simmons -, Auction . Co., 1057 Markeu
SB A SCH, 321 -.SUITER, , WANTS FURNI-
. ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price,
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 76_
PHYSICIANS.
DEMOVED— DR. cT<(irdlSoN?iElAr^PO~lvsi
X\i Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
. his : museum, 1051 Market . St. : 1113 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee fair treatment'
tae wont cases treated satisfactorily by mail. ..r^.r^~^-?P- PSES TO LET.
A loTTalabama st., nrTtweniyl
/i, >Dd: S rooinB - ASHTON <fc GARDI-
M:.R, 411 Montgomery su ««-»iyx
$23. i 428 ELLI I ST -. near webster"
O— O. 6 rooms and bath: sunny side of atrtpt'
ASHTON & GAKDINER, 411 Montgomery st!
s^l 8 11 NATOMA ST., NEAR FOURTH-
SNgR,4I1 3 M D ont S ome b ry t v ASUT ° y *^
DiNER, 411 Montgomery su r
Q]R 5 1S L FULTON ST.; 6 ROOMS AND
>Yon,g,m b ASHT °* * ° **?****. ™
f)99 S'Xm i?' r KT HOUSE 9 ROOMS, BATH;
sonlble? lS: Bllllable tor 1 or 2 families; rent rea-
HOUSE 6 ROOMS; BATH; HOT AND COLD
XX water; $ 16. 1417 Ellis su, near Webster.
610. M °^_* B^ATOF3ROOMSAT2SO7^
t^Bf) S .S. UCED FKOM $76: 810 LEAVER.
*iP\JU. worth su, near Putter; 11 large sunny
rooms and bath; splendid location for loom-
renting.
711 SUTTER; NEAR TAYLOR — VERY
■ xq. choice; elegant; spacious: reasonable.
A p _*V"-<-'IATKD IF BEEN— 30 MORRIS AYE.,
-»- oh Harrison at., near Sixth; sunny house of 6
rooms; good order; $13: water free: yard; cellar.
A PPRECIATED IF SEEN— B29I^ SCTTER,
-n. near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
HOUSE. 7 ROOMS; BATH: MODERN IM-
provements: garden. 730 Capp st.
QAZI SUNNY RESIDENCE; SOUTHEAST
1 "' or. Taylor and Broadway; 10 rooms and
bath; fine vie Apply 929 Broadway.
HOUSE, 4 LARGE ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
men t; $10. 321 Tenth st.
<'7_| BRYANT, NEAR FIFTH — NICE
u>^ dwelling: 3 rooms; separate yard : $10.
O; 7 X A HOUSE OF 3 ROOMS. 202 PERRY
tip I ,OU. St., Just off Fourth; water free.
LARGE ROOMS; YARD; RENT
$10. Apply 1523i,a Leavenworth st.? beu,
Jacssonand Pacific.
41 HYDE-HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
rrxxj bath. Inquire at 418.
RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
,«". Pf °P' e ri?«t- BALDWIN A HAM^
MUM) 10 Montgomery st.
Je'UIINISHED MOUSES. ~
70Q- HYDE— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
in V-rh m t t £ a uan:r flat of 6 rooms : large closets
in each; bath; hot water; large cooking gas or coal
stove; washhonse, stationary tubs and cellar.
Pi < i TTAOE L ° ROOMS AND BATH NEATLY
* 1 furnished. 3935 Twenty-fifth st.. near Church.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~
pOTTAGE, 3 RO^SiT~NEWL7-ir'pAPERED
vv and painted; large basement anfl yard; $10
'Jt.3l Harrisou su, bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. ---.--■ . *
\>7fW-i BUrOI-SUNNY BAY-WINDOW COT-
— 1 \ju tage, 6 rooms, bath, basement, yard- $26
to good tenant. J *
QQ COTTAGE; FLAT $12: BOTH LARGE
ij2<J. separate yards; cheap. 1123 Vailejo st.
SI fiO'O - 050 JON'E.S,~BET. UNION AND
<- XfjyjKf. Filbert; neat cottage: 4 rooms and
bath. Apply to S. c. CAPP «fc CO.. House Brokers
and Real Estate Agents, 413 Montgomery su
C 1 OTT AGE: NEARLY NEW; 6 ROOMS AND
x~ bath: latest improvements; fine stable and
■ barn. 828 Hampshire su
QIQ COTTAGE 4 ROOMS:VHICKEN-YARD.
<? IP. 721 Twenty-first st., above Valencia.
' rpo LET— COTTAGE 3 ROOMS, I6BIINGTON
X aye. Apply 1621 O'Farrell bL •.
lid. COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS; AR-
-» XI: ranged for 1 or 2 families.
Cl A NICK CLEAN SUNNY COTTAGE-643
«£) X*x> Minna st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
o^l Q t\\ I WITH WATER, ELEGANT COT-
VPXiJ.kJ". ta?e: 5 rooms: bath: gas-fixtures:
cellar and large yard. 438 Seventh st-
Oil NEAT COTTAGE OF 4 BOOMS AND
<J Xtr. bath. 1831 Union, near Lagnna.
ft 7 nft COTTAGE OF 3 BOOMS; GOOD OR-
«JP I .Uu. der; water free. Apply premises 945
Bryant St., near Eighth, or room 79, 6iiB Mont-
gomery.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THK
\J V EEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
*sefree.
furnished flats.
URN r is r t H^sTs?ro^ENTr**^ r " J " l ~""''
2336 Pacific aye.. NE. corner FHlmore: loca-
tion among the choicest. O. F. YON RHiilN
6 CO., 513 California st. N ~- t -
UNNY HANDSUMELYFUKNISHED FLOOR,
4 rooms, bath, etc. suitable for family: new
carpets and furniture; very reasonable. 913 Polk
St., near Geary.
'LINE CORNER: 6 SUNNY ROOMS: CHEAP;
J afternoons. 800 a Webster st. -
FLATS TO LET.
CjTTi 603~UNION DUPONT; 3
<3J>Xv/. rooms. ASHTON A GARDINER. 411
Montgomery su
Q1 9 1726 MCALLISTER ST.. SB. BROD-
. C'— erick— B rooms and b_th: large outside
dining-room, with fine view. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, 411 Montgomery st.
GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 28-1 Buchanan st. ; call from 9to 12
F. If. .
TTPPER SUNNY FLAT. 4 KOOMS. 29% ZOE,
yJ bet. Ihird and Fourth, Bryant and Bran nan.
7 1 ft OCTAVJA. NX. MCALLISTER— MIDDLE
lv flat 7 rooms, bath; modern Improvements;
no dark rooms.
IAI X MCALLISTER— FLAT OF 7 ROOMS;
lull) yard; modern Improvements; $22 50.; 0
71/4 DE VIS ADERO — FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
, I J-'X. bath; all sunny; $18.
7*)li3 MCALLISTER— SUN NY UPPER FLAT:
I *-l>4 4 rooms
UNNY FLATS: 3 ROOMS; YARD; BASE-
ment: $20. 810 and 812 Ellis St. -
IfLATS — 4, 5 AND 6 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH:
' laundry; from $13 50 up. 1513 a Mission near
Eleventh s:. . .
PPER AND LOWER FLAT 2. 3, SUNNY
J rooms; bath; nice garden. 36 Elgin Par*, off
Ridley st., above Valencia.
Ql 1 LOWER FLAT; 4 BUNNY ROOMS;
<^)XX. large yard: basement. 35 Moss st.
"<gjl Q FLAT: 6 R OOMS AND BATH. 489
010. Sanchez St., corner Eighteenth. \
Q> 1 0 8 LARGE rooms; YARD. 409 THIR-
! ■%? 10. teeuth st. above Valencia. ' .'
LATS, 5 ROOMS; RENTS $13 AND $14.
4061 Eighteenth sU, near Castro. .
79QA GROVE— LOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS;
I £o bath; light, sunny yard. ________■-
9QI Ql BUSH— UPPER FLAT OF 5 SUNNY
-i/lOg roomsand bath -.rent reduced; good view.
1 9 DALE PLACE, OFF GOLDEN GATE AYE.,
x£i nr. Hyde— 3 large sunny rooms; no children.
LATS; BEST IN THE CITY; $12 TO $14.
Apply .4l6 Capp st. ' " - " .
1 Qft7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTKR— LOWER
0 -LOIS I flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
"1 "1 Q FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
XXO rooms and bath ; $28. - -■■'-', -.-;-'
WE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
»» treat people right. BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st. ■
SUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden: $13 and $16. 1706 Post St.
1 P»97 FIFTEENTH, NX. HOWARD— 2 NEW
X U_j I flats, Just finished; 6 rooms, bath; $18.
1 1 07 HOWARD— SUNNY UPPER PART OF
XX\J t i house; 6 rooms and bath: rent low.
FLAT 3 ROOMS: SEPARATE ENTRANCE;
rent $10. 1325 Sacramento st.
RIGHT, MODERN ECONOMICAL FLATS; 6
rooms; bath; marine view; 2. 8 and 10 Han-
over place, off Sacramento su, below Mason; nice
neighborhood. Apply 320 Sansome, room 4.
<J_OA ELEGANT UPPER FLAT: BAY-WIN-
tJ!_.U. dows; 6 large rooms and bath; modern
Improvements. 611 oreenwlch :
PPER AND LOWER FLATS: 3 AND 4
rooms; very convenient; $7 and $8. 941 Bry-
ant. ; _____
A A7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 *\EET FROM
I\J I O Castro cars; lovely sunny upper flat of 6
rooms; modern Improvements; rent only $16;
water free.
T OWKR FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS: SUNNY
-Li side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Kingold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
\TEAR CITY HALL: ELEGANT FLAT OF 5
.-> rooms: latest improvements; $23. 143 Grove.
. nOliY MCALLISTER - FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
I --O2 modern improvements: rent reduced.
VLEGAST NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
x\i low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THK
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ag free. . - ■ ■ . - ■'■■■•
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
California Street.
2rQl CALIFORNIA ST.-3 ELEGANTLY
UOx furnished rooms and bath for house-
keeping; cheap. Call before 1 P. M. •
i tidy street.
Q-l 7 EDDY-2 OR 3 '- t< KI.Y FURNISHED
OX I housekeeping rooms: private family.
J-. 1.i» street.
C AQ ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
. UUO complete for housekeepng: large yard; $16.
COO ELLIS-FOUR SU.NNY UNFURNISHED
<JO_* rooms, with bath. . . . .■/ •-- ■■;
Ql P. E-LIS-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
OXO rooms: $2 and up. ■
Fifth Street.
fl_Q SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN, BATH,
yO. sink, water; no children; private: also 2
sunny front rooms; $10.. 314 Fifth st. ,■■;■: - .
Folsom Street.
Q R Q FOLSOM-LAKGK SUNNY FURNISHED
COO bedroom ; adjoining kitchen; yard; com-
plete housekeeping.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS - Continued.
i • '<»eary Stieet. .
91 71 GEARY (REAR)-3 BUNNY HOUSE-
I 2 keeping rooms. Key, 217.
GEAHY — 5 LARGE UNFURNISHED
rooms. •-;■•/
<5M (1 1911 GEARY, OPP. PARK-ALCOVE
$1 8^ Uo « adjoining room.wlth porcelain sink,
S closets, bath; furnished housekeeping rooms.
©90 PARLOR. BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
SPrt * J *, ae , w , | nB-room, Dath > kitchen: all neces-
Eanes. 1917 Geary su
olden Uate Avenue.
Q"| Q GOLDEN GATE AYE 2 COMPLETELY
stove rnisne<t housekeening rooms, $16; gas
siu\ c. ■ 1 - " *
. Harriet Street.
96 HARRIET— LARGE FURNISHED
-*<■/ rooms for housekeeping. -^ •
Harrison Street.
(MR HARRISON— LARGE FURNIBHED.
yj *\J rooms for housekeeping; also single room.
790 HARRISON— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
1 **\j famished complete for housekeeping.
Hermann Street.
OX. HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA—I OR 2
f-u rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
HA G. HOWARD— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
* housekeeping; rent $9.
1"I 49 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
xxta ing rooms: water; range; rent 912 60.
. Jessie Street.
09 A JESSIE— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
*J£> j housekeeping; f 10.
Minna street.
F\AQ MINN A— 2 LARGE ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
tIiO keeping.
Mission street. '
Q9O MISSION — LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
KJUV room, $8: sunny basement of 3 rooms, 910.
Ci A 7 MISSION— 2 OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
»1 « complete for housekeeping.
QXO MISSION"-;2~LARGE~FRONT ROOMS
O*Jk> furnished for housekeeping; private; cheap.
1 999 MISSION — 2 OR 3 ROOMS, FUR-
x*-— nished complete for housekeeping; hot
and cold water. .
"Nutoma. Street.
17 A"I NATOMA ST.— 3 FURNISHED FRONT
I rtx rooms; light housekeeping: bath and gas.
Ninth Street.
9A NINTH. NR. MARKET— FRONT BAY-
— 'v window suite and kitchen: gas; reasonable.
1 9£l NINTH — FURNISHED FRONT
■*■— -US housekpg. rooms, single or suite; $4 A $8.
Octavia Street.
I_| AD OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY — SUNNY
X^l\J*J bay-window and kitchen; from $7 t>o up.
*>'ti»rrell Street.
401 O'FARRELL— SUNNY FURNISHED
rooms for housekeeping.
Folk Street.
Q-l Q POLK-SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
wlu nished alcove, with kitchen, bath, running
water, gas, etc. ; new carpets and furniture: also
sunny newly furnished floor four rooms; reasonable.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL. COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
2 or 3 well furnished housekeeping rooms.
Post Street.
Q99 POST— PLEASANT BACK ROOMS
<?-•-' furnished housekeeping; rent $10: separate
entrance.
Scott Street.
"I 1 O SCOTT— 2 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
X JLO ing rooms; partly famished for housekeep-
ing. ■
li*l _. SCOTT— 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
XUl*± rooms, bath, garden; rent reduced; call
afternoon.
Seventh Street.
1 3fi 7TH — LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
XOKJ .house it pg rooms; veranda yard; reasonable
Tenth Street.
1 9/1 TENTH-ELEGANT 2 OR 3 HOUSE-
X— .tt keeping; gas stove; piano: family.
Twenty-sixth Street.
1 "I Cl TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
1 ltJ'> Large sunny housekeeping suites, nicely
furnished; $9 to $12.
ROOMS TO LET. ••!■,•-"
.:.-;' Bryant Street.
JQA BRYANT —2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS,
low nicely furnished for housekeeping.
Bush Street.
Q-l Q BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED BUNNY
OXO rooms.
1 n*->fk BUSH — BEAUTIFUL SUNNY UN-
X\JO\J furnished parlor; also furnished rooms.
— icntn. Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 2S BTH
St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
_Ui» Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
X ART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
IV at reduced rent; satisfy yourself; open all night.
Essex Street.
"I 9 ESSEX (RINCON HILL)— LARGE SUNNY
J-_. rooms: furnished and unfurnished. -
Fell Street.
QftQ FKLL.NR. COUGH-FURNISHED RMS.,
Out/ single, double and for housekeeping.
* oltom Street.
Q9ft FOLSOM — SINGLE FURNISHED
O—.'/ rooms: $lp<>rweek.
i>iurv >tre«v.
91 71 GEARY, REAR— TWO FURNISHED
_-x I 2 rooms: key 217.
El Q GEARY— ELEGANT SUITE OF PAR-
•JJ.O lors; ottfer rooms; light housekeeping if
deslr.d. .
f{(\Q GEARY— LARGE BAY-WINDOW ROOM
DUO suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen. ■
DftOAOEARY— SUNNY SUITE FOR LADY
OUO or couple: also single room; private.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
1 AA A* GEARY, NX. CORNER OOTAVIA— 3
J_~iUU elegant furnished rooms, for gentlemen
only: all modern conveniences.
tjoluea (.air Avenue.
Q9A GOLDRrI GATE AYE.— SUNNY AL-
Dju\J cove suite; housekeeping If "desired: also
single rooms: reasonable.
Howard Street.
1-I 9QA HOW ARD — ELEGANTLY FU R-
lX_iO nlsbed single room, closet, bath; rent
reasonable; an American family; none but quiet,
sober people need apply.
•Jones Street. .
9A7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: ; NEW
_.W i management: . elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc; «1O to S3U.
. Ja-eitrny street.
ARLrNOTON HOUSE, 127 ARirT— PLKAS-
Jt\. ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
la every respect: terms reasonable.
Market sum.,
VOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
I night, 86c to $1 ; week. $1 60 to $5: families.
1 091 mAkket, bet. eighth and
X.__ iX Ninth— Single front room: $4.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, BET.
Mason and Taylor— Sunny room: $5 60.
Minna street.
"I 79 MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED
X I — i rooms; 75c and $1 per week. :
O(*rj MINNA, CORTeIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-00 I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
V Allusion it reek.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION, NEAR
X Fourth— New fireproof building: ,90 elegantly
furnished. rooms: all modern Improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 60 a day.
QA MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
CHU ny suites, or single; reasonable; board op-'
tional^ r. __ .;
Tj~U7koFti • liOl'.-sE, lltS9 MISSION— NICELY
Xj iurniaiied rooms, single or en suite: transients.
; r in tli Street.
OA NINTH ST., NEAR MARKET— FRONT
—■U suite or single for lor 3 persons; rent $16;
gas; grate; water. ' •. ■■
O'Karrell Street. *
■inn O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
IZ_- room for a gentleman; all conveniences;
central; $7. ' ' . ■ '
Silver Street.
iri SILVER— "SUNNY, SINGLE AND
xDL double, for gentlemen; bath: hot and cold
water. - ■■-..-■-■.■ -.. - ,'. ~■. ' -•-.■--. •
(sixth Street.
m SIXTH — CHEAPEST jIN THE CITY;
nicely furnished, double and single. ;
Stockton Street.
i 17 (\Q STOCKTON-2 sunny rooms FUR-
-1 I I/O nlsaod complete for housekeeping; cheap.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
,^^^*ggMS^ TO LET-Contln-ed.
- utter street.
%AA SUTTER, COR POWELL— FR'NT
"V» suite, furnished or unfurnished: other rooms.
7AQ BUTTER. COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANT
1 \j*j furnished rooms, all new, by the mouth.
1111 8 R^NICE"LY— "FURN I 8
- -- 1 -- 1 -- 1 - rooms, single, suits, also housekeeping.
Taylor Street.
A 1 A TAYLOR — GENTLEMAN'S APART-
rx^ t ments, nicely furnished; running water. .
Twenty-first Street.
OftOl TWENTY-FIRST, NR. VALENCIA—
OV/OJ- Sunny furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Twenty-sixth Street.
ml TWENTY-SIXTH, NR. MISSION — FUR-
XX«J2 nisbed suites suitable for gents, $10; also
single furnished rooms.
Valencia Street
1 04.3 1 VALENCIA— LARGE SUNNY BAY-
-1 > ~r*-*2 wl"dow front room, 88: also single ones.
ISO Alt I) IN AND ROOMS. i
T f) I Q I'^LK^aTGENTLEM 'KN~TO~BHARE" 1 1
X\JO large room; $16 per month, mending in-
cluded; or man and wife; best of board.
Xft9 POWELL ST., COR. SUTTER— FUR-
•Jv/_j nished rooms, with board; term* reasonable.
1 9fiQ SUTTER ST.-FURNIf.HED ROOMS.
l^yO with or without board; prvt family; refs.
Q->9 GEARY — LARGK SUNNY FRONT
— -- rooms, with board; also single run; «20 up.
1 99ft MCALLISTER— FINELY FURNISHED
X _<_,V/ sunny rooms, with or without board.
71 O POST— NICK LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
I i- with board, $20 per month. ;
/^9l PINE ST.— INFANT OR CHILDREN TO
U-.J. board; re lined home; sunny yard; best of
care, s
1 71 C POLK (NORMANDIK)— ELEGA NT
XlXUrooms. single and suites; newly fur-
nished: opens June 1 as a first-class family hotel;
references.
OTEL BERTLINU. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
*rn conveniences. ~. .
CHILDREN BOABDED.
ivToow'wATcTini'clii^^
»» furnished room for parent. 1016 Jackson st.,
near Mason. ■
STORES TO LET.
Q»7C 306 MONTGOMERY AYE., WITH
W • «-». clubrooms in rear. ASHTON A GAR-
DINER. 411 Montgomery.
C£9K 830 HOWARD. NR. FOURTH-FINK
<IP->-l. large store. ASHTON A GARDINER.
411 Montgomery. .. --
rpo LET-PART OF STORE. 104% BTOCKTON
1 street, •
7ft & POLK— DELICATESSEN STORE TO
I \JU let; tenant just moved out; rent $18: busi-
ness established; rooms In rear; fine chance for
somebody. : ■
— ■ OFFICES TO LET.
A VI^G^^UN^ON^^UILDING; LIGHTrDE:
slrable offices. ABHTON A GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
C» 9ft SUITES IN MAR YE LAW BUILDING,
iX)£\J. 1504 Market St.. cor. City Hall aye. ASU-
TON A GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
I CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
KJ Offices $10 and upward, including Janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM.
9ft O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICES,
—v' with electric lights, elevator and janitor ser-
vices.
09QI AND 707 SUTTER— CHOICE FOR OF-
<jjuO2 flees and residence combined: reasonable.
Q9O MARKET, OPP. MASON— LOFTS OF
000 various sizes; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises. • . -
SPRECKELB BUILDING, 927 MARKET-
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or«;. H. I'MBSEX <fe CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
~~ STABLES TO LET.
EAUTI FUL LARGE STABLE: 2414 CALI-
Xi fornia sl : rent cheap. Apply room 28, Chroni-
cle building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
CM ft ROSEWOOD UPRIGHT FOR SALE
t^-±\J. on $5 Installments. 221 Lcaveuworth st.
MAGNIFICENT GRAND UPRIGHT PIANO;
Halletit Davis makers: sold to pay cost and
charges. 1921 Sacramento st.
A FEW MORE DAYS ARE LEFT IN WHICH
-fV to take advantage of the great annual May
clearance sale of pianos an I musical instruments
at MAUVAI3'. 769 Market St.
S" TECK PIANO; FINE TONE; EXCKLLENT
order; obliged to sell. Room 21. 809 Market.
UNE UPRIGHT: SPLENDIDTONK.
sale; $160. Room 12. Flood building.
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post st..
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious warerooms at 933 Market si., opposite
Mason: bargains In different makes to save ex-
penses of removal.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ A Gens and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 824 Post st.
pLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINK OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York ; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins, $1 Mi mandolins, $3 35: guitars. $3:
antobarps, $1; accord locs, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin out 11 is, etc.: new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St.. iSprecWels building. \
„- IO- FINE CUICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
<ijy 1~0. McAllister St.. next to Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER. STECK, STEINW AY. STATHAM
second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
Cj 1 ftft MARSHALL UPRIGHT: SHERWOOD
(jpxKjyj. upright, 9l 6o. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
HERMAN, CLAY A CO.. STEIN WAY REP-
rc-sentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs In the West: all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Suiter.
SHAW. 9575: STEINWAY, $216; SQUARE
$25: rented 92 up. HEINE, 13tt Ellis st.
A KRIVKD— LOT UK CELEBRATED HIGH-
j»- grade T. L. Neumann pianos; prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDER3. 82 Ninth at. ■:•■ -■'
pHICKERINO, KNABK, STfiCK.VOSE, BTER-
VJ ling pianos: see our n»w piano for $187; pianos
:or renu BENJ. CURTAZ & aON. 18 O'Farrell.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST BT.-SOHMKB,
Newby <fc Evans, Brtggs nnd other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. '£ Latham Place.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THK
-fv WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
FOR SALE-aUSUELLAXEOUS. ■
FOR SALE — CABINET-mXkER'S OUTFIT"-
bench; tools of every kind; a fine outfit; will
be sold cheap;- also complete bunting outfit. 1400
Van J» ess aye. -
SODA-FOUNTAIN AND SAFE; A BARGAIN.
Apply immediately 1122 Harrison st.
I ■'OR PAINTER'S FALLS AND SCAF-
foldlng; cheap. W. A., box 6, Call office.
■VTEW A 2ND-HAND » '95" BICYCLKS, $26 TO
Xi 965. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
fl_ I O WALL TENT. 10 OZ. DUCK. 14x16, 6
<IP 10. feet wall ; cost 40; perfect ' order. Apply
1402 Valencia st.
OUNTERB, SHELVING, %HOWCASES
) bought sold. 1121 1/2 Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
GIAS OR GASOLINE ENGINE, 2 HORKK-
r power; shafting, pipe, belts, etc. ; cheap. 948
Howard st. ■• ■
SIX-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay at. ■ ■ - .
f EOHORN3, WHITE. BROWN AND BUFF*
XJ $1 each; fine layers. Address CUMBERS.
1183 Broadway, Alameda. '
■y OUNO HPITZ dogs FOB .SALE. lob
X Hayes st, ■'•_-..-.■
GIREAT BARGAIN IN A BURGLAR-PROOF
r safe, with or without Sargent time lock. 42
Main street.
C COMPLETE SECOND-HAND OUTFIT OF
I tinner's tools ;and machines; cheap. Box 129.
Napa, CaL - ;
FOR SALE-UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
register; price 926. J. L.. box 64. Call Office.
I^OR SALE— SUN CASH REGISTER; USED
r 10 days; price $26. S. C, box 65, Call Office.
'IRST-CLABS SECOND-HAND WASHING-"
ton band press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A
box 100, this office. ' '*
ECOND-HAND GAS OR OAbOLINE EN-
sines; various sixes; guaranteed perfect order ■
bargain. G. E., box 100, Call.
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS:. ALL MAKES-
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
r>OILERS,ENGINE»,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
D waterpipes. Mclntosb & Wolpman. 137 Beale!
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit California Rattan Co.. 61 First st., nr. Mission
K UILDINU3 BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHiiS
1 > doors, mantels, etc.: for sale. 1166 Mission. :
ONE. SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. - 1 09, 111 Market st.
TTlßti AND BURGLAR- SAFE. LETT
J press, platform scales and desk : cheap. 102 Clay.
VTKW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND
1> hand. W. BT-BAY Mfg Co.. 12 California su
Cl OUNT E R 8, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
/ bought and sold 1121 Mark* beu 7th andatfc
BICYCLES. \
"PARK OYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _EtT
X best : accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
All later and Powell aU car lines. . . . -' -.
bkwing machines.
""\ LL KINDS BOUGHT, r sold, EXCHANGE!* ,
XX ranted, repaired; lowest me* _U5 i"ourta sb
EDUCATIONAL.
pRIVAifETcIcHYTp^XCISO-CUSSI
X es Tues. and Frl. Misses HUBBY, 6a Hyde st.
"VTEW PROPOSITION IN SHORTHAND
X> writing; common wrf ing requires an average
of 5 up or down strokes per sound, and writes 25
words per minute; therefore. if you write every
sound fiv one up or down stroke you may write
125 words without abbreviations. HKCHT'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
"(two months' course $25), room 708, Spreckels
building, 927 Market St.. >an Francisco.
A TTEND SI IEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
•TV. sU The very best Individual instruction;
20 trial lessons In Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting and English branches, $1;
books free. ' - ■
OOKKEKPING BY TARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
XJ ant teaching: % time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Markeu
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Markeu
JOSEPH GREVKN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth sU -
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAM R
day A night ;noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth,
PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CABTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bld.,r. 37.
' J^PaNISH.FRENCH.OERMAN; MODERATE.
OMeUterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s:
YRE3*. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
L)ELASCO"S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mku
CUOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING. ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 MkL
EALD-S-BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, . business practice, shorthand.
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modem
languages rapidly taught, write for catalogue.
\' IUHra'HUOL-.MEALL'SIiIs. C«JLLKUE;'J»
■L' Post: commercial, ohort hand. English: low ra'e*
"7 vVEciK'S NEWS FOR & CENTS—
-V WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
MEDICAL.
fTleT t~prTvate' home Pin confine*
menu MRS. Dtt. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth su?
Alameda.
A LL CASES* OF IRREGULARITIES E&
-Jri. stored In n few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate borne in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhare; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MIIS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
KCARD'S PI IKS- DISEASES OF WOMEN' A
specialty; also "line Bailis." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland.
RS. DR. WEOENER TAKES LADIKS BK-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes: treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
pSYCHO-MAGNETIC CO. CURES PARALY-
X sis, rheumatism, Insanity, heart and lung
trouble, all kinds of aches and pains, nervous 1
proUrallon and general debility, without medicine;
no charge unless cured. Room 11, 8 Mason st.,
cor. Market.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl*-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 264U| Fourth sU
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MltS. DR. BCOTT.
216 Powell su: only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
ICE PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT;
— •' all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearuy su, room 9."
MRS. DR. WEGEjSER, PRIVATE HOME
. for all female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dies before and during confinement: all female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish übiets, $<!; Infallible preventa-
tives, $1. 419 Eddy sL.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INBTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no maimr
from what cause: restores always In one day:
bnped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPEK, 318 Kearny su
B. JOSSELYN, TJH X GREAT SPECIALIST^
has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make then
well: travelers helped Immediately prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. <£ MRS.
DAY' IKS, 14 McAllister au, next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity In one day; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients: best skill: cfedleal attend-
no»; low toes; regulator, $2. 1370 Market s'u
S"urb CUKE FOR ALL fkmalk diseases,
0 from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MhS. DR. GWYKK, Ti« Turk St. -.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKMALK DISEASE,
1 don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ, 254 4th.
1 R, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER MIKKfcT, NEAR
JJ^Jonps- Diseases of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
-TV ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
— 1. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. ' -
DENTISTS.
TpiRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
X" prices: first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. lIAB-
DING. C.M., M.D., 600 Sntter st., corner PowelL
R.L. T. IRAN EXTRACTION PAINLESS
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary sU. cor. Grant ava.
/"I ROOM E DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
VJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $6; fillings frm $1; extracting 6oc, with gas $1.
HONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES*.
DR. lIARDCASTLE. Montgomery, rm. 1.
<J»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
«4> I good as can be made: inline $1. Dr. SIMMS,
ilentl.ii, 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting wbei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per get; extracting 60c; gas given.
T/ULL fc_i OF iKHTH. $7; WARRANTED
J flvi> years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth St.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.' DX. H.
O. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
]\R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THK GENUINB
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from tt to '20 O'Farrell st.
AINLESS EXTRACTION. BOcl CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up-. 13 rear*'
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S., 815-f 4 Geary.
. I \H. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIIXJK-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
OVTO.N DENTAL ASSOCIATION. »oti MAR-
ket su DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WaIT
ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
STORAUE.
QTORAGK— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY' FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
£ FURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; Al>
vances, shipping. CHAiS. L. TA YLOK.2O4 Post.
rp H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
■I .reduced rates: basement storage.Jl 60 per load
OWEST RATES— FURNITURE; PI OS.
household goods, etc J. M. Fierce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
PPLY FOR RATES OR STORING FURNI-
tore, etc. BHIRBK&BHIREK. 747 Market.
PROPOSALS.' "
p^in^^vXllett water "works," 816
California street, San Francisco.— bids
will- be received at the Secretary's office of the
Spring Valley Water Works. 616 California street,
up to 12 if. on the first day of June next, for any
part of five thousand (5000) shares of the stock of
the company, in lots of not less than ten (10)
shares.
All stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the 11th 4ay of June following," and
must be taken and paid for on or before the 10th
of said month.
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
five ($5) dollars per share, In gold coin or certified
check.
No bids will be entertained at less than ninety-
nine ($99) dollars per share. - --
By order of the Board of Trustees.
PKLHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
San Francisco, May 21, 1896. , - **i*ry. .
PROPOSALS— STATE PRISON (SUPPLIES
X Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk at State Prison, San Quentln, until lv
a. m., (Saturday, the 13th day of June. 1896. and
at theoftice of the clerk at State Prison, Folsum
until 9:30 a. X., Saturday, the 20th day of June
1896, a*, which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsistence ores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other staple supplies
from July 1. 1896, to June 80. 1897, Inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which will be
furnished upon application at either of the above
offices. 1 "<—ft_gWB~~M> t v:- . -._<.-■■
No bid will be considered unless made upon said'
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the certified
check ' therein required, ■ nor - from - any other
parties than . bona-flde dealers in the classes
of articles to be furnished. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some ;. well-known and >. responsible
banking-house fer at least 10 per cent of the
amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presi-
d- in of said board, of his bid, conditioned that the
bidder will . enter into a contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance as required by law. '
Bids for either prison must -be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will be
paid in cash or Controller's warrants. . - ; ■ .-*,
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
the schedules. ■ ■■ ■ ' ■•■-.-.-■■• . .
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public Interest - may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or under theamoun speci-
fied. > , R. M. FITZGERALD, President
J. V. Ellis, Cleric. ' " esiuenu
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PEAL ESTATE
x*> ...AT....
AUCTION,
at 12 o'clock coon, at the salesroom of
O'FARRELL * CO.,
11 MONTGOMERY STREET,
LICK HOUSE BLOCK.
THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 1896.
pENTRALLY LOCATED INVESTMENT;
VJ Taylor St.. W. side, 137 :tt S. of Ellis; 2-story
house of 8 rooms ana hath: 211 Taylor St.: rents
$45; only a few steps from Market St.: could -be
made a line Investment; street paved and accepted.
A DMINIBTRATOR'S SALE: BRYANT ST.,
f\. s. side, 225 feet W. of sixth: 819. 821 and
823 Bryant st. ; 3 cottages of 4 rooms and base-
ment each; rents $45 per month: streets paved
and Accepted; electric-cars pass the property: loi
50x75: terms cash, subject to confirmation of the
Superior Court; we can negotiate loau If desired.
ELEGANT OAK-ST. BUILDING LOT— FINE
lot on the north sldeof Oak St., 127:6 west of
Flliroore st.; a few steps from the Flllmore-su
electric cars: oak st. paved and accepted by the
city: fine surroundings: size 25x137:6; terms;
«2100 can remain on mortgage in Htbernia Bauk
at 6V3 per cenu
lOT AND IMPROVEMENTS— WEBT SIDE
j of Mason su, 118:7 feet north of Lombard St.;
2111 Meson st. ; four flats; one of 4 rooms; three
of 5 rooms each ; stable in rear; lot has two front-
ages; rents $41: street paved and accepted; size
19:6x122:6 to rear street; terms cA_n.
mKHTH-RT. BUSINESS PROPERTY; 10TH
X st., E. side, commencing 100 feet N. of Folsom
St.; live business lots, five minutes' walk from the
city Hall and on the main highway to the Potrero:
street pavei and aoct-pted; bitumen sidewalk;
should be Improved with stores and flats: electric-
cars will noon pass this property; 4 lots 25x100. and
one 35x100; terms cash: we can negotiate a loan
if desired.
OAK BT., N. SIDE. 76 FEET E. OF SCOTT; 822
Oak St.: 2-story modern house 7 rooms and
bath: street paved and accepted; stone sidewalk;
1 block from Devisadero street electric-cars; lot 25
xlOO; terms cash.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS; REFEREE'S
sale; 2 lous 26x120 each, W. sldeof 11th aye.,
125 feet S. of Point Lobos road; level and ready to
build on ; street graded, sewered and mucadamized ;
terms cash.
SOUTH BRODERICK. NEAR HAIGHT AND
Baker— Two flats. Sand 11, South Broderlck:
6 roomsand batb each; sheltered from the wind
and fog; fine view; a short walk from Halght-st.
cable- cars: rent $30permonth: 10t 36x128; termi:
$2100 can remain ou mortgage, iilbernla Bauk,
interest 6' ■_ per cenu
pENTRALLY LOCATED HOWARD-ST. IN-
\J vestment— Howard St.. north side, 225 feet
east of seventh; 1036, 1066V3 and 106614 How-
ard; store and 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
rents $61 ocr month: close to the new 1 ostoffice
site and new C'ltv Hall; street paved nnd accepted;
cable-cars pass the property; lot 25x90: terms,
cn-h above mortgage of $3100, at tiVa per cent,
Hibernia Bank.
"TTALENCIA - ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY—
V Two lots on the west line of Valencia su, 107
feet north of 24th; coming business property; lots
extra width; street paved and accepted: cabie-cars
pass the property; should be improved with stores
and flats; each lot 35:3x90: terms cash; we can
negotiaie loan if desired.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE — BRYANT-ST.
flats: Bryant st.. south side, 121 :3 feet east of
Third; 457 and 457 i/i Bryant st.; two flats, one of
(j rooms and bath and one of 3 rooms: rents
$37 50: street paved and accepted by the city;
Third-st. electric cars a few steps away ; lot has two
frontages; size 22x80 to Park lane; terms cash,
subject to confirmation of Superior Court; we can
negotiate loan if desired.
pOZY COTTAGE— CLINTON PARK, SOUTH
V ' side. ISO feet east of Dolores St., No. 265; coty
cottage of 5 rooms and bath, near Market and Va-
lencia sts.. only i 5 minutes lrom Kearny st.; lot
85x79; terms cash; we can negotiate loan if de-
sired.
pHESTNUT ST.— NORTH SIDE, 75 FEET
\J east of Dupont, 140 Chestnut 'si., 2-story
house of 8 rooms, divided into tenements; brick
foundation; rent *25; lot 22:6x122:6 to alley-
small piece out as per diagram ; terms cash.
For further particulars apply to
O'FARRELL A CO., Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS I
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSINESS INVESTMENTS.
Three pieces of good business property within
one block and two blocks north o» Market si.:
prices $42,500. $110,000 and $176,000; these projv
ertles are in the choicest business aud lncoim-pro-
duetug portion of the city, with a good present
and an assured future: Investors are Invited
to Inspect these properties.
WE WANT
A WEBTERN ADDITION LOT
Or residence In exchange for Oakland coming
business property; Improved: unincumbt-red-
within 4 short blocks of the City Hall; valued at
$7500; some mortgage would be assumed.
WE WANT
A SANTA CLARA COUNTY HOME,
With orchard preferred. In exchange for one of the
prettiest homes In Berkeley, with grand view of
the whole bay and surroundings; with every mod-
ern convenience and large lot. stable, etc.; valued
at $14,000; without lncucibrance. .
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
©KftftCASH; BALANCE LIKE RENT:
«J)t»UV/ fine 2-story bow-window residence, 10
rooms, bath and modern conveniences; lot 25x
100; McAllister st., bet. Broderick and Baker:
cable-cars pass.
THOMAS MAGEE <fc SONS. 4 Montgomery gt.q
HOUSE FOR SALE, B*B BUSH. BET. MA-
son and Taylor: to be removed the Bth of
June.
WHY PAY RENT? ~"
» » W hen you can buy cheap on easy terms'one of
the finest nouses of 8 and 10 rooms In the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole su, near Waller; all
modern Improvements; street to be bltumlnized:
large lota, - jsx IUS. Owner on premises.
NLY $500 CASH, BALANCE AS RENT;
new and handsomely decorated residence, near
Panhandle; every convenience: marine and park
view; the choicest of any: cannot be obstructed:
every room sunny. Apply on premises, 2203 Ful-
ton ; take Hayes or McAllister cars to the park.
SOL GETZ A BRO., ~"
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS. NEW LOTS,
— ' for homes or investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains.
<J_7~ TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
«Ip I>) boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
GETZ A BRO.
ffl»Qftft $400, $450, $500 TO $1100 —
001/ U. Choicest lots In Richmond; near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit purchasers. SOL GETZ it
BRO.
Oil HA To $260— BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
tUJ.LV/U Mission-st. and electric-car lines; only
$10 down, $5 monthly. HOL GKTZ A BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL OETZ A BRO., OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
INK BUILDING LOT ON BROADWAY,
near Jones st. ; any offer wanted. SPKCK «_
CO., 602 Market st. ■ -
ARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS. ' """
If you are looting for a home lot we advise
you to see those we are offerlne In the Castro-
street Addition at $350 to $400, with the
street work done. including grading, sewer-
ing and macadamizing.
TERM«-$5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
: . ,Take the Guerrero-street electric cars (Mis-
sion and Valencia transfer at Fourteenth),
ride to Chenery and Castro sis.; our agent
there to show property and give full particu-
lars; take the rile to-day; It only takes 30
minutes from the City Hall; cars pass the
property. BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
- • 10 Montgomery st.
GL. Billies X A CO., REAL ESTATE
• Agents, 412 Pine st. •-.-.
$350 — Bargain; must be sold by Thursday, 2
p. if . ; corner 80x61 feet ; Lake v lew, cor. Lake view '
and Arlington aye.; 2 lots only: near racetrack;
cost owner $1000 cash; title guaranteed by Cali-
fornia Title Insurance Company.
HEAP; HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
Berkeley: near station: near good schools.
$375— Lot 39x135 ; $50 down, $5 monthly.
$200— -L ot 25x130: $5 down, $5 monthly.
$560-Lot 60x120;. sewered; $26 down, 910
monthly. ««bbm>m9 ■
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 80 Montgomery at:" .
© Q A AA~LOT~2Bx9O on-howard, NEAR
<JpO"'UV/. 6th: house has large store and 16
rooms. H. F. ROSS, 1035 Valencia st.
JACOB HEYMAN WILL REMOVE JUNE 1
v to 11 Montgomery st. ■■•"..■ , ■
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
Ii bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans- J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
OR SALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
X 1 lot 27:6x85: 7 rooms: bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller st., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park.
W. COR. FOLSOM AND 21ST STS, ; 06x90
it.; will subdivide: cheap for cash: also »W.
20th and Treat ay.; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
J<OR i SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,
Just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
fflj I ztP\ft RARE CHANCE FOR A HOME;
tJpXIUv/fnew 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, 60x50, Holly Park; small payments, same as
rent. Ca__>'aS3O A CO., 61* Montgomery ■(. -
CITY REAL ESTATE.
fliQl C.A COTTAGE, 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
*iF*JXiJ\j. j jUt8 t buiit; plastered basement: con-
crete walks in front and rear; decorated through-
out and superior to any before built in the Mission;
$d5O cash and $30 per month; on Twenty-fourth-
g______ectric line. 4-J49. nt-ar Douglas st.
COUNTRY KEAL ESTATE.
•P'OR SALE-BEAUTIFUL SUMMER HOME;
x s-.perb view; Hoivell Mountain, Napa County.
Cal.; 46-acre ranch: 26 cleared and Jenced: 6
St. Helena: IV2 miles from Angwlns
. w'j stage passes daily; comfortably fur-
nished 6-rooin house; 3-room cottage: good stable,
chicken-houses, etc.: unfailing spring; concrete
dam: 2000-gallon reservoir; air motor windmill,
pump, tanks: wmer ploed over the place; 5-acre
vineyard, full bearing; orchard, assorted fruits,
full bearing; 572 French prunes. 4 yenrs old;
terms reasonable. MRs». G. L. MIX, care of .Etna
stage, Su Helena. Napa County, Cal.
FOR HOMES IN LOSG4TOB OR ORCHARDS
X In the vicinity or in Santa (Tuz Mountains call
or address C. it. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble «fc Co.
I^OR SALE-COZY HOME; 5 ROOMS: 4 LOTS
(half acre) ; fine place f.>r poultry or flowers;
$1800; half cash. WILLIAM LAMBERT, Mill-
brae. San Mateo Co.
A BARGAIN— OPEN FOR 30 DAYS OXLY:
160 acres in Sonoma County for $1000 with
20 acres cleared: 4 acres in vineyard and orchard
for family use; living stream of wat»-r: fine place
for chicken or stock ranch; terms one-half cash
and balance on time.
O4 A ACRES OF LAND: SUITABLE FOR
fruit, grain and fine pasture; slightly roll-
Ing; located four miles from railroad; 160 ready
for cultivation: all well fenced; plenty of water;
this land must be so d and is offered at $8 per
acre, half the price of less than a year ago.
EDWIN K. ADSIP A CO..
Room 'J9, second floor, Mills building.
ft 97 FLA PER A.CRE-453 ACRE* FINELY
<T_- I .UU located land; 4 miles from Menlo
Park and Stanford University: on main county
road: this is without question one of the best bar-
gains in the State, considering the locution and
nearness to San i'rancisco. Call for further parti-
culars, EDWIN K. ALSIP& CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building.
q£QAAA A HOME RANCH 2i,fr MILES
*P<J\J\J\J. from Santa Rosa; 66 acres, including
tt-room cottage (hard finished) aud furniture; barn
and farm Implements, windmill and tank; 3
horses, 1 cow. chickens, etc.; intending purchasers
only will please apt ly to C. BTAHL, grocer, cor.
Fourth and Wilson sts., Santa Rosa, who will fur-
nish free transportation to the ranch. Further in-
formation may be obtained at 2914 California st.,
between 6 and 8 p. m.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
and ranch at Los Gatos for sale; furnishings
insured for $6000: property of H. H. DAVIS.
CH A RLEB CoLTON. 906 Market st.
1, OR SALK, RENT OR EXCHANGE FORICITY
X property— One mile from Wrlghta, Santa Clara
County. 42 acres; 13 acres bearing vines. Apply
646 Natoma at.
fTO SAVK FORECLOSING MORTGAGE —
X Choice lands $35 per acre; IVi hours from city.
Alameda Land Company, 67 Chronicle building.
FOR SALE — FINE HOME ON TOM ALES
Bay; 5 minutes from postoffice, station and
Rchoolhouse; property comprises aoout 80 acres
first-class farm laud: 8 fields, from 1 to 25 acres
each; house 1^ stories; stone cellar; a barns, 1
dairy-house, granary, woodshed and several
chicken-houses; abundant spring water; well
fenced; 33 fruit trees; county roads within 100
yards; N. P. C. R. R. skirts the property; price
only $150 per acre, ialf cash, balance on mortgage,
ior particulars apply to JAMES BISCIONI,
Marshall, Murin County, Cal.
LOCATED IN ALAMEDA COUNTY— 32O
XJ acres of farming and grazing land: plenty of
water and Umber: only $6 per acre. Inquire 408
Twelfth st- Oakland, or 41 Sixth St., S. F.
fiftft ACRK DAIRY.HOG AND WOOD RANCH;
\J\J\J 0, 8. patent; iy 8 miles from two stations. 3
from town: more than 200 acres cultivable; 40
in hay; fair bouse, barn, etc.; 10 springs and two
running streams of water; will carry 100 head of
stock and cut 8000 cords of oak wood: $9600: half
cash: a snap. D. H. TWINQ, Sonoma City, CaL
pONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
VJ send for Hsu D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
"\fARIN~~COUNTY— 5000 ACRES 36 MILES
lv. from San Francisco.
Rancho de X ovate. '
Tracts cnt any sizn desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land; no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation: $40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. =: >-i-
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY. 64
and 65 Chronicle building. »
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
lor sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. San Jose.
ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years* credit; 8 partly improved.
with small house, etc. D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ~~
HOUSE AND LOT; 60x130; WELL
tpriOXJ. located: nearcars. ALDEN&KRON-
ENBEHG. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
T OOK! 910(1 1 LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
XJ no Interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
0-STORY HOUSE AND LOT IN GOOD LO-
X cation In Oakland; only 2 blocks from station;
house in first-class condi ion: p.umblng entirely
new; will sell on easy terms or exchange for Im-
proved or unimproved Sun Francisco property.
Address R. P.. box 20, Call Office.
WE HAVE $1000 AND ALSO $2500 AT 8 PER
»» cent Interest, and another lund at lv, per
cent Interest, to loan on improved Oakland real
estate. if well located. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
m<- its equal to rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
, Company, WARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion. .
FURNISHED HOUSES.
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS. COMPLETELY~FUI£
VJ nished for housekeeping: Twenty-third aye.,
Fast Oakland: bath; hot and cold water: all
modern conveniences; piano: nice garden; fruit
trees and chickens; electric cars pass the door;
convenient to local train for San Francisco- de-
lightful climate. Address M. E. C, box 50, Call.
OAKLAND _FCTtNITURE FOR SALE.
(D»QC FURNITURE 4 ROOMS. U. SC'HELL.
tjpOU. HAAS'. 408 Kleventh m. Oakland.
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AIAMKDA REAL ESTATE. .'
LOOK— $350 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park st..' Alameda, on installments: fine
location. H.B. PINNEY. 90J Broadway, Oakland.
"\1 ARCUBE A REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
■I'J and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
•'2200— cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2450-$25 cash. $22 60 monthly: 63x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath. ■
$2800— No cash, $26 monthly; 35x100; sunny
corner house: 7 rooms and bath.
$3000-Nocash: «25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
3250— 6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location.
Several special bargains In lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays. '
C COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BATH, LARGE
) lot, $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottage, 4 rooms, large lot, : $1000 cash. THUS.
F.BAIRD. 1303 Park st. . . ;
ffi»9Qft ft 6-ROOM COTTAGE; $800 CASH
«jn_.OVfU. and $2& per month.
$2760— 5-room cottage; $i!6O cash and $26 per
month. .-,. •- .
• $3000— 6-room house; $200 cash and $25 per
month.
If we have nothing on band to suit, will build to
order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEONARD
COMPANY. 1364 Park st., Alameda.
HOMKS BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. H. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh St., Alameda.
SNAP— IF YOU WAN TO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between. Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
am sure If you wished to buy it will suit yon, as It
is for sale: 7 large rooms very -finely frescoed and
finished: open most every afternoon. GEO. B.
M. GRAY. 453 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO KENT— CUTTAGE; 5 ROOMS; ALL
X modern Improvements; lawn: flowers; rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. Mastlck and
F.nclnal station. Alanieda. -' . '
--————-_—_———___
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR RENT— DWIGHT~WAY7^fEAR~TEL&
graph . aye., nice co.t««e, 5 rooms, I bath, large 1
yard, flowers: close to electric and steam cars; '
$20. with water; can be purchased if desired. Ap-
ply 2417 Channlng way, Berkeley.
rpo LET, IN BERKELEY, A MODERN COT-
X tage of 5 rooms and bath; rent $13; water free.
Address S.. box 81, Call Office.
OR RENT -CHOICEST LOCATION IN
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; •to first-class tenant long term. , See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
! 1?OR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE OF FOUR
-1' rooms and hath: $25. Apply GEORGE H.
STRICKER. 2132 Shattuck aye. . : -
I^OR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE; 5 ROOMS
and batn: piano; $30. 9 '^014 Virginia St., near
Shattuck aye.. Berry man station.
J"«OR RENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
•T 12 -rooms, D wight way, Berkeley, beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery : carriage-house, barn, etc. M. : L. WURTS,
, D night-way station,
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
"L?LEGANT, NEW. MODERN 5-ROOM COT-
-1- tage; 40x100; $1400. F. BOEGLE, Golden
Gate station.
IOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
1 on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., xeal estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. /
_^ MONEY TO LOAN. f
mb" LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; "FROM 920
J. to $5000 on good security. P.O. box 444, Oakland
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
J^mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
x\. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st.; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 21) or 3D MORTGAGE!*:
estates, undivided interest*, real estate in an>.
bate. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments: Interest low; private entrance: private
rooms: discreet' attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. ' ..
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each 91000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
ONEY LOANED ON* JKWKLBY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
l]o6Market<ii..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
OKTGAGES. LOANS ON COLLATERALS;
lov»- rates. Sylvaln Saloman & C 0. ,328 Montgy
I iIKKCT ON YOUK FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market su
08. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
0 life insurance policies. 330 Pine sU
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS ■ AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st.
IST & MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN E*
Xtates;lowest rates: no deIay.MURPHY.62B Mrku
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEWELRY, ETO
X\ Colombia Loan A t'ollateral Oftic»». 9 Prune arc.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY*
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pa-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal 3 cheap. ■ .
' ■ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. ":
ANTED-TODO PAlN^lN^AlfErPAPJEß-
hanging In exchange for suit of. clothes or
watch. Address R. C. C. Grand Southern, Sev-
enth and Mission sts. ■ • - ■
tftft BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
U\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0... 510,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from 100 to »0,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. . 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from 9200 to. 3,000
2 lots. Ocean View, 60x1'25 .' 600
4 stores; 28 rooms; rent $160 25,000
20 acres; Sonoma County; improved 1,000
40 acres near Santa Rosa :....." 8,000
H. C. PECKKB, 1020 Market sU, opposite Fifth.
EXCHANGE— FOR IMPROVED RANCH, UN-
XU Incumbered. lot in San Francisco, 47x114 feet,
on Twenty-fourth St.. Nos. 932 and 934, with bnild-
ings in cood condition; . 2 stores: large ball com-
pletely fitted up; 4-rooai cottage; electric-cars on
street: valuation $8000; mortgage $3000. J., box
4, Call Ofllce. ■
1 9Qft ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
l^iOKf water: fine for cattle-rafslng. N..bx.l6.Cail
LEGAL NOTICES.
TTNIT^D^T^T^S^CIRCIJIT C&ljßT^l^tS'
yj Judicial Circuit, Northern District of Cali-
fornia.
' In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court. . . ; ■
Pursuant to section 634 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States It Is
Ordered that a special session of the Circuit
Court of the United States of America of ■ the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, in and for the Northern
District of California, be and hereby is appointed
to be held at the courtroom of said court in the
United States Appraisers' building, in the City
and County of San Francisco, in said district, on
Friday, the 12th day of June, In the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred, and ninety-six,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. 1 -
Witness my hand and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty -sixth day of
May, A. D. 1896.
Seal. I Signed] JOSEPH McKENNA.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
trict. • 1
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
Marshal, Northern District of California,
And W. J. COSTIGAN Esq., Clerk United States
Circuit Court, Northern District of California.
OTICE OF SALE — NOTICE IS HEREBY
— .1 given that the undersigned assignee will on
FRIDAY, the 29th day of May, 189:5, at the hour
of 2 o'clock P. a., in pursuance of an order of the
Superior Court of the state of California, in and for
the county of Alameda, made on the 26th day of
May, 1896. in the matter of J. W.BALDWIN, an
insolvent debtor, sell at public auction, to the high-
est and best* bidder, for cash, at No. 113 Powell
street, ran Francisco. State of California, the fol-
lowing described property, to-wit: 1 safe, 1 bar
and fixtures, 1 office-de3k, 1 business wagon, lot
of lumber and building material, hardware, etc.
Dated Oakland, May 26, 1896.
CALVIN B. WHITE,
Assignee of the estate of J. W. Baldwin, an insolv-
ent debtor. E. A. HOLM AN,
• Attorney for said Assignee.
. for Death Xoticea See Page 13-
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George Knack to Emaunel Bruck. lot on S line
of Ellis street, 27 :6 Kof Polk, B 27:6 by S 120;
$10.
Maxlmilllan R. and Josephine M. Ott to Helena
Wannenmacher, lot on W line of Octavia street,
44 M of Fell, N 33 by W 82:6: also lot on W line
of Octavia street, 77 X of Fell, N 3 by W82:6;
$10.
D. J. and Delia Kelly (by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff)
to William H. Bralnard, lot on N line of Doriand
street, 201:6 W of Dolores, W 25, N 170. E 25, S
172:5i£; also lot 14, block 8, Flint Tract; $1250.
C. W. B. Van Goethen to L. S. C. Andersen, lot
on N line of Doriand street, 279:3 W of Dolores, N
167, W 28:3. S 166. E to beginning; gifu
Miguel, Vincent and Caullna Noe and Catallna
Rplivalo to \Vi!linui McCormick, undivided half of
lot on W line of San Jose avenue, 624 a of Twenty
fourth street, W 120 by N 40; $10.
William McCormlck to Amante Gherinl, same:
flO.
George and Elizabeth Doerins to Mary E. Clancy,
lot on N line of Twenty-third atreei, 6j :6 E of
Sanchez, E 25 by N 90; $10.
John F. Byxbee (executor of the estate of Mary
S. Kimball) to John and Hfenry Peters, Adolph
Dittmann and Chas Baltz, lot on E line of Doug
lass street, 112 Sof Seventeenth, S 37 by E 125;
$1023.
Same to Henry Peters, lot on E line of Douglass
street, 76 S of Seventeenth, S 37 by E 126: $1023.
Timothy Sullivan and John Drlscoll (executors
of the estate of Cornelius Drlscoll) to Pierre Vn
munt, lot on the NW line of Tehama .street, 100
SW of Fourth, »W 26 by N/W 75; $'J7OO.
Edward A. and Avy A. Kitto to Felix H. Irvine,
lot on W line of Third avenue, 400 S of Deeth
■treet (California street South), > 25 by W 120: $5.
Adolph Sutro to P. Wnue, lot 12, block 224;
$10.
M. A. Graham to Ada A. Wnterbury, lot on W
line of Seventeenth avenue, 250 N of B street, N
25 by W 120; $300.
John and Sophia Spottswood to James Nixon,
lot on X line of Thirteenth avenue, 175 N of M
street, N V 6 by E 120: $10.
Joseph and Babette Dinkelsplel to Joseph Haber,
loi on E line of Ford street, 300 N of Sherman, N
25 by E 200, block 12. City Land Association; also
lot on W line of Walnut street, 275 N of bhoruia...
N 25 by VV 100, block 12, same; «10.
alahkda county.
P. C. and Amelie Rossi to West Oakland Loan
Association, lot on E line of Campbell street, 66:3
S of Eighteenth, S 26 by E 110, being lot 18, Woe*
740 a, Oakland; $5.
William M. Hatfield to H. B. Mayo, lot on NW
line of Eleventh street, 52 X of Center, E 62 by N
110, being lot 2, block 668, Center-street Home
lots, at Oakland Point, subject to mortgage tor
$581)0, Oakland; $10.
Huldah F- Boyce to Bhepherd B. Boyce, lot on
S corner of Twenty-third avenue and East Four
teenth street, SW 150 by SE 75, being lots 27, 28
and 29, block 1, resubdivision of blocks 1 and 3,
Kennedy Iract, Oakland; gifu
T. C. Acheson to L. W. Foratlng. lot on SW cor
ner of Prospect avenue and East Eighteenth street,
W 110 by S .'»»' :6, being lot 1 and N half of lot JL
block G, Daly Tract, Brooklyn Townshio; $1550.
L. W. Forsttng to Frances P. Tully (wife of N.
C), lot on SW corner of East Eighteenth street
and Prospect avenue, W 110 by 8 620, block O,
Daly Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Elizabeth .Aid is to Thomas and Catherine E.
Reed, lot on S line of Eighth street, 161:8 E of
Willow, E26by a 156. being lot 15, block 62u,
Casserly Tract, at Oakland Point, Oakland; $10.
Florence McArthur to Diana Leavitt, lot on W
line of Chestnut street, 125 N of 'I hirtieth, N 25
by W 132, block C, lands of Peralta Homestead
Assocla- ion, Oakland; gift.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson to Frederick
Prinule, lot on N line of Linda avenue, 150 W of
Pleasant Valley aveuu-. N 110, W 25, N 10141,
W 6080, 6 172.90, E 75.57 to beginning, being
lots 13, 14, 17 and 18, map of Bowie property, Oak
land Township; $5.
Frederick aud Nora Prindle to David S. Priadie,
same; $150.
Joshua add Emily B. Ryder to Lorenzo Dumnseg,
loi on £ line of Klttredge street. 100 W of Fulton,
\V 50 by 8 135. being lot 16, Map of Berkeley
property. Map 3, Berkeley : $100.
Maynie F. Spencer to Joseph Zens, lot on N line
of Parker (Eddy) street, 240 W of McOee avenue,
N 13'J:6, W 149 :tf o W boundary line of Case
Tract, S 133 to N line of Parker street, E 159:6 to
beginning, being 1 its 17 to 20, blocic 3, Case Tract,
Berkeley ; $10. V
William Barry to Daniel A. Twlggs, lot on S
line of Virginia street. 60 W of Bo me avenue, \V
60 by N 25, being lot 17. block 17, Daley's Scenic
Park, Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $10.
G. H. Perry assignee of Louis Meyer, insolvent
debtor) to L. Fjlord (or Ford), all interest in lotion
Sllneof Eagle avenue, 100 :4V4W of Park street,
W 100 by S 145, being lots 8 and 9, block 146,
Mlnturn Tract, Alameda; $57.
Builders 1 Oontraots.
E. Brock with Ira W. Coburn. alterations and
additions to a two-story building on S line of Ellis
street. 27 :B X of Polk, $2650; Edward J. Vogel,
arcbitecu
J. Noonan with L. C. SchroSer, brick work, etc.,
for a three-story brick building on S side of Mis
sion street, between sixth and Seventh, $4000;
P. J. Donohoe, architect.
J. Noonan with John Nuron, carpenter work on
same, $1300; same architecu
• — •> — •
The weapon ol tlie swordflEh probably
served as the model for one of the eadiest
forms of the sword. Many early swords,
particularly ameng the marine nations,
were edged with the teeth el sharks.
1516
KILLS HIS HUNT
FOR HIS WATCH,
Heartless Murder in a
Howard-Street Lodg
ing-House.
KATE M'KEEFER SHOT.
Peter Ducy,"the Assassin, Cap
tured When Leaving the
Scene.
HE CONFESSES HIS CRIME.
Fired a Bullet Into the Old Lady's
Brain and Quietly Started to
Walk Off.
Miss Kate McKeefer was murdered in
cold blood at her home, 917 Howard street,
last nieht.
The victim was a single woman, 60 years
of age. The slayer was her nephew.
Peter Ducy, the nephew, aged 34 years,
quarreled with his aunt because he
MISS KATE McKEEFER. THE MURDERED WOMAN.
thought she had his watch and would not
return it to him, and almost without
warning fired a bullet into her brain.
The old lady fell to the floor and the
murderer slipped the instrument of death
into his pocket and started to walk away.
As he was leaving the basement Police
man Frank W. Smith met him and asked
him who fired the shot.
It was a simple, pitiful story. No begin,
aing, no plot — but an ending.
"I did," replied the murderer, "because
she had my watch and would not give it
oack to me."
Ducy was taken to the Southern station
wnence he was removed to the cen
tral station in the City Hall. He did not
seem conscious of his crime and spoke
freely of the shooting to the policemen by
whom he was surrounded.
"She had my watch and would not give
it back," seemed to be the dominant
thought in his mind and he kept repeat
ing it until the patrol wagon reacned the
City prison.
Miss Kate McKeefer had kept the lodg
ing-house at 917 Howard street for nine
years. She was a woman of simple and
frugal habits. Ducy is the son of the
muraered woman's sister, and was in the
habit of visiting ncr whenever he returned
to the City after his trips to the country
in search of work. Up to about six yeara
ago he was in the employ of the Omnibus
Railway Company as a nostler. Beyond
that little is known of him.
The story of the bloody deed as told by
the other inmates of the house confirms
tho first goilty admission of the assassin
when he wa3 confronted by the officer of
tbe law.
Mrs. Annie Ross, who with her husband
and three small children occupy a portion
of the second floor, heard Ducy quarreling
with his aunt. It was about ten minutes
before 6 o'clock. She heard him say:
"I will ask you once more, do you want
me to bio* out your brains?"
After that high words, though indis
tinguishable, were heard, and then came
the shot.
Mrs. Nellie O'Connor, who has rooms
with her husband on the upper floor, saw
Ducy Tuesday afternoon. She talked with
the murdered woman yesterday, and the
latter told her that Pete was mad because
be thought she bad his watch and had
gone out to get a search-warrant. That
was an hour or so before the murder was
committed.
A few minutes later she met Miss Mc-
Keefer and asked her in a jocular way
where her nephew was with the search
warrant.
Peter McKeefer, the brother of tho mur
dered woman, lives with his wife and
family at 204 Fifth street, Mr. McKeefer
NEW TO-DAT.
itchingT
SKIN
DISEASES
RELIEVED BY
ONE APPLICATION OF
BPXRDT Cdbb Tbbatkbnt.— Warm baths
with CuTictniA Soap, gentle applications of
CrrriCL'RA (ointment), and mild doses of Cun-
cpka Ekbolvent, greatest of humor cures.
Sold throoghout the world. Price, Cirnctr«A, Me.
Soap 25c. ResoLTgxT. Me and tl. Pott** D*oo
a*d due*. Cokp., Sole Prop*.. B««ton.
aa*» flow to Can iKhiac Skin DueaM*."Bsail«l fret. ,
PETER DUCY, THE MURDERER OF BIS AUNT.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
heard the news on his return from work.
He could say nothing more than confirm
the relationship.
Mrs. McKeefer received a call from
Ducy during the afternoon and they ate
two dishes of strawberries together. She
thought he had been drinking and spoke
to him about it. Ducy passed it off
lightly, saying he had sipped a couple of
glasses of beer. Nothing was said about
the dead woman and the news of the
tragedy proved a great shock to the sister
in-law.
Ducey was seen in the City Prison last
night after he had been charged with
murder. He is a stout little man, and the
most prominent feature of his face is his
crooked nose. He has small, shifty eyes,
and last night there was a glare in them
that made htm resemble a hunted animal
at bay. He looked as if he had been suf
fering from the effects of a heavy debauch.
To all questions he gave the one answer,
"It was an accident."
He was asked to be more explicit; to
explain if he had been showing his aunt
hia revolver, or how it exploded, but he
stubbornly refused to say more than "It
was an accident."
"Didn't you have a quarrel with your
aunt about your watch, which you blamed
her for taking from yon?"
"1 did not. There was no quarrel be
tween us and nothing was said about my
watch. I decline to make any statement
just now, and that's an end of it."
He consented to talk a little more freely
about himself. He said: "I used to work
at the Fourth-street car stables when they
were running the horsecars. I left there
about two years ago and have been doing
odd jobs since.
"For the past three months I have been
working for the San Joa.quin Railroad
Company at Tracy. I came to the City by
the Stockton boat yesterday and last night
I slept at 772J4 Harrison street. I went to
see my aunt this morning and remained
with her till about 4 o'clock in the after
noon. Then I went around the tender
loin district with some friends and re
turned to my aunt's house about 6 o'clock.
I intended leaving the City to-night to go
back to work at Tracy."
SUICIDE OR CANARD?
Conductor S. J. Robinaon Tells a Pecu
liar Tale Which Investigation Fail*
to Substantiate.
As car 477 of the Jackson-street line was
on its way toward Central avenue yester
day afternoon, the conductor, S. J. Robin
son, regaled two or three of hiß male
passengers with a thrilling story of how a
woman had attempted to commit suicide
a few hours before.
"I was sitting in the same apartment
with the woman, who was youngj| and
beautiful," said Robinson, "when, as the
train neared Land's End, she jumped off.
Though the train was running at nearly
full speed, sne escaped unharmed, and
immediately began to clamber down the
declivity.
"I signaled the engineer to stop and ran
back. The woman had already waded out
| ioto the water for some distance, and I
followed and pulled her out. We took her
immediately to her borne on Golden Gate
avenue.
"Later I went around and saw her.when
she expressed penitence for her action and
said if she ever tried it again she would
choose some spot where the water is
warmer. She gave as her motive marital
infelicity, saying she was the wife of a
commercial traveler. She asked me to
keep the matter quiet and I promised to
do so."
When seen later in the evening, Robin
son admitted the main facts of the above!
but refused to give the woman's name'
There are several facts which throw dis
credit on his story, the main one being the
statement of an employe of the streetcar
company at the carhouse on the corner of
Sacremento street and Central avenue,
that Robinson had been workiner all day
and cons :quently could not have been near
Land's End. Again, if he were working,
he could not have seen the woman at her
residence on Golden Gate avenue.
A year ago Henry Giuso of Pennfield,
Pa., proclaimed the doctrine that those
who gave up the use of liquor or tobacco
on April 13 will be permanently cured of
the habits. As many as twenty men cut
off their liquor and tobacco on the day
mentioned, and they say they have no de
sire to resume the habits.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 28, 1896.
HENDERSON TALKS
ABOUT JOBBERY,
The School Director Is
Called Sharply to
Order.
ALL OVER A CONTRACT.
A School to Be Named in Ho nor
of the Late James G.
X ennedy.
Charges Preferred by a Principal
Against a Teacher Under
Her Control.
School Director Henderson talked of job
bery at the meeting of the Board of Edu
cation last evening until he was called to
order by the chair and ordered to use par
liamentary language if he desired to be
heard.
It was over the letting of a contract for
the enlarging and repairing of the Bernal
Heights School that Mr. Henderson waxed
wroth and used language hardly justified
by the circumstances, until brought
sharply to time by Dr. Clinton, who occu
pied the chair as president pro tern.
Mr. Henderson thought that instead of
spending $30,000 in remodeling the school
the board should expend $45,000 to $50,000
in building a new structure. He claimed
that the residents of the Bernal Heights
district would be satisfied with nothing
less than a new and modern brick build
ing; that if they received anything else it
would be "jobbing the people."
H. A. Magendie, who appeared as a rep
resentative of the Bernal Heights people,
contradicted Mr. Henderson in this state
ment.
He declared that they were not only
willing to take but were glad to get the
building designed by the architect to re
place the present small and unsanitary
structure. Then Mr. Henderson subsided,
and the report of the Building and
Grounds Committee awarding the con
tract to J. H. McKay lor $?4-,290, with
oonds fixed at $6000, was adopted.
The contract for the construction of a
new sanitary system in the Columbia
Grammar School building was also
awarded to J. H. McKay for $4140. Bonds
were fixed at $1000.
Tne contract for waterclosets, bitumi
nous work and painting at the Harrison
Primary School was awarded to William
Lindner for $4937, with bonds fixed at
$1250.
Bids for the reconstruction of a concrete
bulkhead at Ihe North Cosmopolitan
Grammar School were rejected.
Numerous bids for the furnishing of the
following articles were received and re
ferred to tbe committee on supplies: Paints
and oils, stationery, printing, hardware,
automatic desks, brooms, brushes, etc,
school furniture, coal, physical apparatus,
lithographing diplomas, lumber, maps.
The Committee on Classification made
the following recommendations that were
adopted: That Miss Rebecca Jacobs be
transferred from the Lincoln to the Clem
ent Grammar School, the transfer to take
effect on August 3; that Miss Edna J.
Scott, teacher of kindergarten work and
music in the San Francisco Normal School,
whose term of service expires on June 6,
be elected as a teacher in the school, to
serve during the pleasure of the board ;
that Miss Viraß. McArthur be transferred
from the Pacific-avenue Primary School to
the Lincoln evening school as extra
teacher and assistant priucipal; that Miss
I Forest A. Gilmore of the Longfellow
] School be transferred to the list of unas
signed teachers, without loss of pay, pend
ing investigation of charges against her
j by the principal; that Mary E. O'Leary,
i teacher in the Garfield Primary School, be
transferred to the Lincoln Grammar
School ; that Misß Josephine F. Miller of
the day substitute class be appointed a
probationary teacher in the department,
and assigned to the Garfield Primary
School.
The trouble that has been breiring in
the Longfellow Primary School for some
time past came to a head last evening,
when Miss Jennie Smith, the principal,
preferred Charges of insubordination
against Miss Gilmore. She stated that
Miss Gilmore nad refused to attend to her
duties or obey orders given by the princi
pal. The matter was referred to the board
as a whole to meet on Monday nicht next.
A resolution offered by Director Barrett
was passed, to the effect that no person,
not an actual citizen of the United States,
be employed in the School Department.
Director Murdock offered the following
resolution, that was referred to the Com
mittee on Rules:
Resolved, That when permission is given by
either the board or the Committee on Rules
for the holdine of any fair or other entertain
ment by any school, it shall be with the ex
press reservation that no raffle, lottery or like
game of chanctf shall be held thereat or in
connection therewith.
Director Murdock offered a resolution
making the following changes in the
names of various schools:
Pacific Heights Grammar to Grant Grammar.
Pacific-avenue Primary to Paul Revere Pri
mary, North Cosmopolitan Grammar to Han
cock Grammar, South Cosmopolitan Grammar
to Adams Grammar, Spring Valley Grammar
to Winthrop Grammar, Mission Grammar to
Burnett Grammar, Dudley C. Stone to Dudley
Stone.
Director Barrett moved to increase the
number of changes by calling the school
now known as tbe Franklin school tbe
Kennedy School, in honor of the late
James G. Kennedy, and to rename the
South San Francisco School the Frankhn.
These changes were acceptable to Mr.
Murdock and the entire matter was re
ferred to a committee of the whole.
MEMBERS OF THE
A. P. A. SCORED.
Father Ferguson Lectures
on the Subject of "Be
lated Patriots."
NAMES ARE MENTIONED
First of a Series of Lectures
Under the Auspices of the
Y. M. C. U.
THE CHURCH'S EIGHTS DEFINED
Opposition to Parochial Schools At
tributed to Protestant Evan.
gelical Preachers.
Father Ferguson talked to a crowded
house at Metropolitan Hail last night on
the subject ot "Belated Patriots." Hia
lecture was the first of a series of three to
be given under the ausnices of the Young
Men's Catholic Union. In introducing
the speaker of the evening ex-President
Ed Luby spoke asfoliows:
There are dangers to our liberties and we
must not shut our eyes upon them.
Every Sunday regularly, as the Monday
morning papers tell us. Catholics are made the
subject of llbelous and scandalous attacks.
Our motives are questioned and our honesty
of purpose assailed, and our loyalty to our
country denied. False doctrines are imputed
to us, which, If true, would have left the
Catholic church by this time without enough
worshipers to fill this hall.
During this state of affairs the duty of the
young Catholics is plain. We must do the
u'.most to disseminate the truth. Let me state
right here that all who are opposed to us are
not to be put in the same category. It must be
considered that they have been reared in an
atmosphere so dense "with ignorance that they
are not to be blamed. We should endeavor to
bring to their knowledge that the Catholic
church is not as it is always described.
We carry no concealed weapons with which
to strike our adversaries while we are feign
ing sympathy with them.
Mr. Luby referred to the work of educa
tion being performed by Catholic societies
and continued :
The Young Men's Catholic Union has taken
no small part in this and will continue with
fresh zeal and renewed determination. But
in this we must have your support, which
must be given as long as the danger con
tinues.
Thanks were tendered to Fathers Yorke,
Ferguson, Cavalier, Riordan and McKin
non for their part in the work. As each
name was mentioned it evoked long and
hearty applause. Father Ferguson was
then announced to speak on the subject
of "Belated Patriots." He began as fol
lows:
We read in ancient history that the old re
public of Rome, the great commonwealth of
antiquity, was once saved from an attacking
force by the cackling of geese. In our time
history may again repeat itself. The future
historian of the great modern republic may
yet chronicle the fact that In the second cen
tury of its existence it was saved from the old
man in Borne by the cackling of the modern
gosling.
The patriots still continue to do business at
the old stand. They are still bent on saving
the country, whether it will be saved or not.
Reference was next made to the alleged
recent organization of a society in Chi
cago to be called the Burglars' and Thieves'
Protective Association, and the speaker
declared that one of the qualifications of
membership wa9 that the applicant should
have three prior convictions against him.
He then mentioned the various patriotic
organizations of the United States, and
last on the list was the American Pro
tective Association. To the last named he
declared one of the qualifications for mem
bership was that the applicant should
have beaten three landladies out of board
bills. Proceeding he said:
It is strange that the dangers which threaten
the peace and security of society and excite
fears in the minds of conservative men for the
safety of the Republic receive no attention
from them.
The increasing despotism of corporations,
the concentration of wealth in the hands of a
few, the illegal encroachment* of capital upon
labor, the rapid growth of trusts, all these pass
unnoticed.
They want to- protect us against evils which
exist only in their own disordered and belated
minds.
When this society first came into existence,
it will be remembered, Mr. Sovereign of the
Knights of Labor, said that it was hatched on
Wall street, New York, by American and
Canadian capitalists. The great object sought
was to prevent all united action on the part of
labor. To divide was to conquer. None knew
the truth of this better than the Canadians.
They made it plain to their conferes that the
introduction of a religious issue was the
satest and only sure means of breaking up the
union which then existed amongst certain
trades.
Some events have transpired at different
times which would lead us to believe that Mr.
Sovereign's statements are true.
It cannot be denied that the American mil
lionaire, the average one at least, is not above
entering into such a combination. Ue has the
strongest objection to increasing the wages of
an American workingman, but he is willing to
Bpend millions of his money in paying
the gambling debts of titled and foreign
princelings, broken-down lords and dukes, if
they will oulymarry one of his freckle-faced
daughters. It is the additional cost of sup
porting and paying the gambling debts of the
constantly increasing sons-in-law that is fast
impoverishing this country. There are no
strikes In foreign countries of late years. The
times in other countries are better than they
are here because the money has been taken
from here and is being spent over there.
Any one acquainted with the ways of the
needy politicians who direct the A. P. A.
knows that they are ready and willing to be
tbe toola of corporations.
To plot for the discharge of employes, some
frail and delecate girls struggling to support
widowed mothers, because they worship at the
Catholic altar, is without parallel for baseness.
The other day I met a gentleman who had
recently returned from a trip to one of the in
terior towns of the State. While there talking
to a merchant one afternoon the conversation
turned on three men who were talking on the
sidewalk just in tront of the merchant's store.
"That tall man," said the merchant, "is a
resident of this town. I know him well. I
have reason to remember him. He owes the
house $200 for a grocery bill. He is the presi
dent of the A. P. A. The other man on the far
side was sued last week for a debt, and the case
is panding. He will pay nothing if he can get
Out of it. He has been three times sued for
rent within the year. He is the treasurer of
the A. P. A. The one nearest couldn't get
credit in this town for a shave or a night's
lodging. He is tne secretary of the A. P. A."
Yet it is such men who are endeavoring to
antagonize Americans of different religious
creeds. It is such men as these who pose be
fore the American public as the purifiers of
politics and the only legitimate protectors of
our institutions. Our blood-bought liberties
are to be preserved, our grand political system
is to be upheld and perpetuated by men whose
reputations are pale blue and pink on the
edges and red and yellow in the center. It is
such men as these who would try to make the
American public believe that the educational
system of the country is menaced by Catholics.
It is such men as these who have in season and
out of season misrepresented the attitude of
Catholics toward the public school.
Father Ferguson then declared that the
Catholic church had no quarrel with the
public school, but simply asked to be al
lowed to attend to their own business, and
added that no Catholic had ever denounced
those schools in such terms as had the
Protestants themselves, and the
right of Catholics to have their children
educated as they saw fit.
He argued that the present outcry
against the parochial schools was due to
the fact that the opportunities of proselyt
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
ing by Protestant preachers were mini-"
mixed.
Continuing, he said:
A Britisher, Henry French, In defiance of
State enactments, has introduced Bible read
ing into the Normal School at San Jose. He
has, besides, removed every teacher with
Catholic affiliations. This alien, who became
a naturalized American citizen a short time
before Donald Ross, overrides the law with
impunity because the sectarianism taught is
not Catholic.
Catholics are not apologizing to any one for
their parochial schools. The parochial school
system is the crowning glory of the Catholic
Church in America. Catholics are not asking
for privileges, or rather rights, in this matter
of education which they are not willing to
concede to Protestants the world over. When
ever and wherever Catholics are in the ma
jority they cheerfully grant to Protestants
their own schools.
The Catholic church stands for Christianity,
and it is through these parochial schools that
she has preserved Christianity in this country.
Those preachers who rant and rail against the
Catholic church to-day forget that if it were
not for her the Christianity which they repre
sent would be nothing more than a tradition
here at the present time. If the Catholic
church were removed from the country the
preachers would soon become lonely "pelicans
of the wilderness." Their occupation would be
gone.
How much they really owe to the Pope they
so roundly abuse! How thankful they should
be that he continues to exist! Do they ever
reflect what would become of them If there
were no Pope to abuse? Perhaps in secret they
pray for his preservation. When they retire
to the evangelical chamber they pray no doubt
witn unction: "Oh, God, preserve the Pope;
keep him for thy love for us. For what would
become of us, our wives and families if there
were no Pope?" Gratitude may yet impel
them to erect a church in his honor.
Take the local triumvirate of country savers,
the oracles of the A. P. A. on both sides of the
bay — Major Sherman, Dr. French and James
Taylor Rogers — and compare them, not with
Clay, Caihoun and Webster, but with the
leaders of former days, and an apology will be
due those leadeis for coupling their names
with the triumvirate of to-day.
Sherman the First was proved by the Monitor
to be the greatest liai from the Yukon to Terra
doi Fuego. His senile vanity impelled him to
try to get the Monitor 10 admit that he was the
greatest liar on earth. But the Monitor would
not concede that. It said he was one of the
greatest. To say that he was the greatest
would have implied the possession of more
braias than the Monitor credited him with.
The grip of the teredo on the Oakland piles is
not firmer than that of the Sherman teredo on
every society and church organization in Oak
laud. There is no tradition in Oakland that
he ever did a legitimate day's work in his life.
Only recently, you will remember, he said
he was on terms of intimacy with tne elder
Foote. Skilled in tortuous finesse, a past mas
ter in the art of deception, the Old intriguer
for social position selects men as his acquaint
ances who are either too dead or too far re
moved by distance to put in a disclaimer. He
daced not claim acquaintanceship with the
Attorney-General or Billy Foote. They were
alive and near, and the imputation, he knew,
would have been indignantly denied.
This is one type of leader. Dr. French is an
other. He Is the obscure pill-mixer, who, fail
ing to get the public to take his pills, wanted
tbe public to take his Rose on the police force.
The public would have neither his pills nor
his Rose. History affords scarcely a parallel
of such unexampled patriotism as this. He is
willing to forego the companionship of the
fiartnerof his joys; he is willing to live alone
ike a cave-dweller at the foot or Berual
Heights that his Rose, dressed in a suit of navy
blue, may save the country by clubbing horrid
men off the grass and looking after everybody
else's children, even to the neglect of her own.
Now I come to the third type. That is James
Taylor Rogers, secretary to Mayor Sutro.
The speaker ridiculed the assumption
by Taylor of his full Christian names and
also his aspirations for what Father Fergu
son called literary fame. In reference to
the latter point, he played all the possible
changes of satire on the financial publica
tion of which Rogers is the author. Con
tinuing, he said :
It was reported a short time ago in the news
papers that the Mayor, like some of the preach
ers, had wheels in his head. Various reasons
were assigned for this obfuscation which
seemed to htivu settled upon him. They were
all wide of the mark. The collapse of Sutro's
brain power can be ascribed to nothing else
than the close relations which he has held
with James Taylor Rogers.
It is this kind ot empirical demagogues who
officer the knights of the dark lantern. They
are invariably men whose contemptible
abilities utterly unfit them for position or
place in either of the old parties. They are in
variably men whose utter disregard for de
dency and insatiable greed for office make
them worthy leaders, whose spurious profes
sions of patriotism excite ridicule and disgust
in the minds of every true American. They are
worthy leaders of a society which is prepared
at all times to perpetrate the unspeakable out
lawry of proclaiming one day that it is in ex
istence to prevent Catholics from holding any
position ot trust or emolument under the Na
tional, State or municipal government, and
ready the next day to proclaim that it makes
no war on any mau because of his religion.
Father F«rgusqn here related an inci
dent connected with the last days of Web
ster. The dying statesman asked to view
his favorite band of cattle. He was taken
to the window, and as the animals passed
before him he exclaimed, recalling the
trials and disappointments of his DOlitical
career:
"I love the honest faces of the animals.
They look what they seem."
Father Ferguson then rounded out his
discourse as follows:
It is appalling to think what might have
been the result to Webster in his weakened
condition if the A. P. A.'s had existed then
and those attendants through some mistake,
instead of driving up his favorite herd had
driven up the long-eared band whose initials
as well as whose acts stamp them as the Ag
gregation of Pusillanimous Asses. If the old
patriot had not dropped from his chair stone
dead from the anomaly presented to his
view on the lawn in the aggregation posing
as patriots, purifiers and country-savers, he
would have turned his face to the wall and
cried, "Take them away. Take them away. I
hate the dishonest faces of these animals.
They don'.t look what they seem. They are
Republicans part of the time; but they are
Democrats part of the tinn — they are dead
beats, spurious and belated patriots all the
time."
THE WOOLEN MILLS SOLD.
Disposed Of at Auction for a Merely
Nominal Price.
It is seldom that there is seen such a
gathering of men in this Oity represent
ing as much capital as did the crowd that
attended the auction sale yesterday of the
Pioneer Woolen Mills, held at the sales
rooms of Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. A
eentleman made an estimate of the wealth
represented, and he claimed to speak with
authority in stating that $150,000,000 was
represented by the crowd. Included in
the number present were many old resi
dents, who have grown rich through the
growth of the City and State by haying in
vested here when values were low.
The attendance of these pioneers and
capitalists at the sale, however, must have
been merely out of curiosity, and was evi
dently not prompted by a desire to bid in
the property at a reasonable figure, and by
bo doing demonstrate the same faith in
the future growth of the City that they did
when making investments in years gone
by.
The bidding was of a desultory charac
ter, and the live fif ty-varas on which the
woolen mills buildings are located was
knocked down to Fontana <fe Co. for the
low price of $30,500. The improvements
alone cost $145,000 to erect, and while some
seemed to recard their presence on the
land as a detriment rather than an advan
tage, yet, admitting this to be the case,
the price was all out of proportion to the
actual value of the premises.
Fontana & Co. can be congratulated on
having secured a bargain, and many who
were present at tbe sale will doubtless see
the time when they will regret not having
bid in the place at a higher price. The
new owners intend to remove the fruit
packing business to the buildings on the
lots, and it will no doubt prove to be a
most excellent location for them. The
machinery now in the building was not
included in the sale. The two 50-vara lots
at the northwest corner of Beach and Polk
streets, opposite the mills, were also par
chased by Fontana & Co. for $1800. The
title to the latter is not quite clear, hence
the low price.
Judge and Attorney.
Judge Conlan and Attorney Mack had some
words yesterday over the case of Edward Kelly,
arrested for battery upon Kitty Stanway, dive
waitress, which Mack wanted transferred to
another court. Mack wanted the case broueht
to trial yesterday, but it wa* continued. He
insinuated that Kelly had a "pull" with the
court, as he could riot get a warrant for his
arrest for threats to kill.
__ j_ NEW TO-DAT-DBT GOODS. .-A-'-i
CLOSED. SATURDAY, MAY 30, . ,
MEMORIAL DAY.'
SELLING M*§|i^
A ■ W ¥""} A^^_>^"
Chas. flayer (^SgKw
CLOAK
-■ANO... AT
SUIT SPECIAL
cTnri^ SALE
OIUVIVi- THIS WEEK!
O<KX^OOO<>OOO<><X>OO<X><KKX><><X> 0 THE ENTIRE SUMMER
2 DRESS GOODS STOCK-
-6 WHO 15 9 SILK, WOOL, COTTON.
$ TC\ WMOW^ 2 LINEN— ALL • GREATLY !
X ILI IViMUW. UNDER -PRICED FOR
I YOU GOT YOUR S fWe THIS SAI^
$ 6 MEANS HELPFULNESS
x CAPE, JACKET _ 0 TQ EVERY cU STOMER
? ° R SUIT AT 2 OFHALE'S.
$ ABOUT Vt VAL- $
£ UE! THE GOODS |<HX>o<X>CX><><><>oo<>oo<>o<>oo<><><>o<>
p \JVu\ XxlHi (tUUDo X
6 ARE FIRST- 9 — ,
X CLASS, STYLES SnDPQQ QTf IPRC-
-6 PERFECT FOR oL-JlxEr^i^ iJ 1 U'rrj.
% SPRING, AND X
6 9 WOOL FANCY SUITING— To-day .
6 WORTH OTHER I we place sale a line of 40c all-wool Of^O
5 9 fancy suiting;, fancy checKs small **O
6 DEALERS' % lalds - Price V*Y *
6 PRICES. X ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT suiting— to-
-6 X . day all of our 50c all-wool 36-inch
6 X cheviot suiting on) special sale, OCO
00<XHXKKH><><>00<>00<><>0<>0<><>0000 p^ mixture3l 3trlpes and checks. **£ |f
_____
EXTRA HEAVY STORM SERGE— To-
day a special line, black and navy CAO
■■ ■» y I~V A w^s-* blue, 48-Inch, specially adapted for *J\J
\\/ l^ A IJW outing wear. Price - Yard
FANCY FRENCH SUITING—
:; •-wvallne of 7»c stuff, 40 Inches wide,
100 LADIES' DUCK SUITS— In fancy 1 a boucle effect, light spring shades, taD, mo
stripes and polk* dots, niazer style K ra y. olive, brown, rose, cardinal, «JU
.very full skirt, will go on sale this' OPT .95 ® tc * Price Yard
morning, .worth %i 50, sizes 33 to 42. «nl
Price w Eaca
75 LADIES' DUCK SUITS, mottled ef- %^-v" ft^C* / JlS~^>r>+~ V!
fects, blazer style, a bargain at «3. ©0.55 f~~~ JI I / J J^ A SS JfT? f\
sizes 32 to 40. On sale to-day and *$>£— t K^S I {AsLSC/\SV /LS Sm/^4
Friday. Price ™ E «* / [INCORPORATED] "
79 LADIES' BLAZER JACKETS, In 75 c 937 to 945 Market Street, .
blacks and tans, Mayer's price «5. <O VUI lU UrrU IUUtXVUI Ull tUlj
Ourprlco Each SAN FBANCISCO.
■ > -.' ;...■■•• ■::. - ..'.-■ \^. '■ .'~- ■ ■ ■ •■■■ i ' ■
PRUNES!
Extra Fine French Prunes, 6 lbs f0r.... 25c
Regular price 10c per lb.
BEST BUTTER, squares..'. 30c
Best Butter, rolls 25c
HIRE'S ROOT BEER, per b0tt1e....!. 10c
French Castile Soap, per bar 20c
Regular price 40c.
HIGH-GRADE TEAS, per lb 45c
Regular price 60c.
ROBMSOH& KNOX,
1928 and 1930 Market St.
900-906 Valencia St., Corner 20th.
fl !*w You wm flnd on cou 011
VM^--^^«^Ml lll'- *''W \^ nsi^ c each. two ounce bag
CiZt^\f* I I^BjggSglgflfl ''■ I i 1 and two'coupone inside each
K!f\TUlMfl92 \S 'I- tour ounce bagofßlackwell's
*\\J I M I* W JHA 7^BSSHi ! I iii\ Durham. Buy a bag of this
miTTLJr -=?^sSl. i Pill celebrated tobacco and read
DU II n L /^^fflJP^itiJl thB cou P° n - whlch e lves a
rrM I 1 IMC* JJH'^J St of valuable presents and
wtNLJINE /OSI^H how to get them.
IF YOU ACHE
OR GET HURT
TRY MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
Harmless, Clean, Easy to Use, Always Quickly Relieve*
ALL PAIN!
COSMOPOIiITAKT, Sm^tm WIJLCOX COMPOUND .
Opposite U. H. Mint, 100 and 102 i'ifttx st., >jaa JP«'B£!*W r >pfc. «#» M 0&
> ranclsco, Cal — The matt select family Hotel la /Rf /if flffj^ If ©3 B&EM § *•*
city. Board aua room. »1, $1 -5 and $1 51) Par BS «1J VVI/ *** M Mmm&t V
day according to room. Meals -25a Kcoms, oJa ; ' "™ Safe and SURE. Al'wavs reliahl*: t.i»
and 75« a day. ■ free coach to and from ths-botai. IH> substitute. Porlalebyalldr^s^l «5 Ml Be^S
look lor th« coach bearing the name of the Co*, j 4c. for Woman' tSafeotuird Wlfrox 2p?"ri^?n
mopouua HoteL \tll I'AHKY, froprlefc* . ' CO.. 238 SOUTH EIGHTH BT PHILAD^
MMiiuiiwMnniiwttmHmmiwiiwiiMHMjMnipt^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiii^ii^iiiiiiiuijminnmnijim^impi
I . 1 + 1 I
I i -.- Good to tell tiao 1
1 A Blind Mail's b^ # j
1 I+ I \ Raised numerals 1
i WATfTT I Heavy hands |
1 YVAILH I No Crystal I
I Ij" I A great many other nov- I
I * ■*" elties in watches. |
A Hundred Styles g^'
-Hot For more general use — bargains. Cat] <Ma~
"2? and see us at our a«w office hi the »*™^
3 MILLS BUILDING. jp
~4< THE TT 7 J. ' 1 iM
4-.^- W aterbury fc
3 b Watch Co. p