VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 1,37.
SPANISH FORCES
HAD TO RETREAT.
Fierce Encounter With the
Advance Guard of
Maceo.
RAKED BY A HOT FIRE
Regular Troops Suffered Great
Loss While Resisting the
Cubans' Charges.
OPENED A WAT WITH CANNON
Some of the Wounded Carried Away
Under the Shelter of the
Gunboat Alerta.
MADRID, Spain, April 14.— The Havana
correspondent of the Imparcial telegraphs
that the advance guard of Maceo's forces
have had an engagement near Lechuza
with the Alfonse XIII Battalion. The
Spaniards were compelled to fall back unon
their main body near San Claudio. The
troops lost four killed and fourteen
wounded.
Further details of the engagement show
that the Spanish column occupied two
hours in advancing from Mariel to the
point where it met the main body of the
insurgents. The retreat to the San Clau
dio estate, which is some distance west of
Mariel. occupied seven hours. On their
retreat the troops were exposed to a con
stant fire from the rebels in their rear, and
were frequently compelled to form squares
to resist the charges of the enemy. It was
necessary to use cannon to open a wav for
the retreat of the vanguard. The wounded
Spaniards were embarked upon a schooner
under the fire of the Alerta.
Accoraing to military authorities here
Colonel Sanchez Kchevarria, who had re
ceived orders to act in accordance with
Colonel Debus and General Inclan, failed
to arrive In time to assist the other two
bodies of Spanish troops. The authorities
say had they arrived in time Maceo's
force would have been badly whipped.
Colonel Ecbevarria has been relieved of
nis command and ordered to appear for
trial before a court-martial.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 14.— A band of
rebels attacked a number of laborers who
were employed in cutting sugar-cane on
the Constancis estate. The guerillas who
wore guarding the estate went to the aid
of the laborers and in the fighting that
ensued four of the guards and seven work
men were killed. Four men were
wounded. The rebel loss is unknown.
The colonel of the Luzon Battalion reports
an engagement between his command and
a rebel force between Rodriga and Aniaro,
in the province of Santa Clara. The rebel
loss, according to the report, was twenty
one killed, while only two troopers were
wounded.
VXOJ.AIEU neutrality LAWS.
John U. Hart Again Arrested in Connee-
lion With the Bermuda.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 14.— John
D. Hart, the steanfship owner of this city,
was arrested this afternoon on the charge
of violating the neutrality laws between
this country and Spain in connection with
the last voyage of the steamship Bermuda
and was given a preliminary hearing
before United States Commissioner Bell
ami bound over in $300 bail for a further
hearing to-morrow.
This is the second time Mr. Hart has
been arrested on the charge of filibuster
ing and it was only a day or so ago that he
was acquitted in New York on the first
charge.
Warrants of arrest are out for Captain
John O'Brien, master of the Bermuda;
Mates Murphy and Simonson and Colonel
Nunez, one of the local Cuban leaders,
and who was a passenger on board the
Bermuda on the last voyage.
Arrangements have been entered into
between counsel for the alleged filibusters
and the Government officers by which the
cases will be transferred from this United
States District to the United States
Court in New York. The information
upon which the warrants' were sworn out
was made by Jose Congosto, the Spanish
Consul at this port. Dr. Congosto is said
to have received the evidence upon which
he made the information from six or eight
of the seamen of the Bermuda, who are
said to be dissatisfied with the treatment
they received on the voyage. Mr. Hart's
hearing before Com missioned Bell to-day
was merely a preliminary one and no evi
dence was taken.
HORRIBLE DETAILS "FAKED."
How the Associated Press Grinds Out
Cuban News.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 13 (via Key West,
Fla., April 14). People of all shades ap
pear indignant over. the report of the gar
roting of five negro murderers, as sent out
by the Chicago Associated Press and
printed in papers which arrived from the
States yesterday. The report makes it ap
pear that Jive Cußan patriots had been wan
tonly tortured to death by slow strangula
tion at the hands of a Spanish executioner
and a tale of horror is unfolded, the like
of which has not been witnessed in mod
ern times.
It is needless to state that no such story
was cabled irom here. The local agent of
the Chicago Associated Press at Havana is
an ex-lieutenant in the Spanish array and
is a good friend of Spain. He reported
briefly by cable that "Jive negro murder
ers, violators and incendiaries," had been
parroted and that the new executioner
made a bungling job in killing three of the
men and the old executioner dispatched
the other two victims without trouble.
From this a column account of the affair
was turned out by the Chicago news fac
tory.
The minutest details are given of the be
havior of the doomed men, one of whom
is made to confess while the others pray
for vengeance upon "those who had falsely
tent them to the scaffold." Ruiz, the exe
cutioner, is made to act as "he fumbled
The San Francisco Call.
and fumed, alternately turning to a death
like whiteness and Hushing crimson with
excitement." All of this is made out of
whole cloth. Ruiz, instead of "stumbling
away from the deatti-post and insisting
that his assistant finishes the day's work,"
turned to the new executioner after kil ling
two men and said: ''That is two ounces
you owe me." The Government pays an
ounce in Spanish "gold, or about $7, for
each man, and Ruiz wanted his share.
The United Press covered the actual facts
in the case in the following dispatch:
HAVANA, Cuba. March 31.— Five negroes
were garroted here to-day. They were not
rebels, but had been sentenced to death for
crimes committed prior to the breaking out of
the insurrection. The crimes were of the kind
that have resulted in negroes being burned at
the stake in the Southern States, and the exe
cution was not more bungling than many
hangings in the North.
The authorities at the palace were
amazed when they read the Chicago Asso
ciated Press story. They sent to the cable
office and obtained the original dispatch
as wired from here. This proved the
story to be a fake manufactured in the
United States and the local representative
of the alleged news association was saved
from decapitation. It will be remem
bered that the Chicago concern had Hav
ana captured by the rebels some three
months ago and Gomez dying from con
sumption four months ago; had Weylar
decide to resign one month ago, and had
buried Maceo and disbanded the insur
gents at frequent intervals for a year. The
next exploit is awaited with interest.
TOO MANY IN THE FAMILY.
Domestic Difficulties Culminate in Ex-Min
ister Turner Receiving a Frac
tured Skull.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 14.— J. Milton
Turner, ex-Minister to Liberia, politician
and lawyer, is at the City Hospital with a
fractured skull. A fight with his step
daughter, Mrs. William Mason, Monday
night, is the cause.
There are two sides to the story. His
wife says: "It has been my custom. for
years to spread his meals in his room, no
matter what time he came home in the
morning. I was setting out his supper,
with which he expressed great dissatisfac
tion. My daughter heard him coming
into the room. She asked him to keep
still. He swore at her, telling her to mind
her own business. He told her to take the
children and get out of the house. She
said the children were in bed, and it was
too late at night to leave. He rushed at
her with a knife. Picking up a broken
pitcher from a shelf at her side, she hit
him over the head.''
Turner's story differs materially from
that told by his wife. He denies being
drunk. He told his stepdaughter to get
him something to eat, and a quarrel en
sued. During the excitement she hit him
on the head. Turner loudly bewails the
girl's ingratitude. He says he spent over
$10,000 on her education. Her husband
will not work, he says, and Turner sup
ports the whole family, including four
little girls. ' \. . . ; < ''i:u' : .
COUNTERFEIT POSTAGE STAMPS.
Hundred* Were Sent Through the Mail*
:> - * J y ' a* a Test.
CHICAGO, 111., April 14.— B. Peters,
an engraver, and John Volney, a litho
grapher and engraver, were arrested to
day by Captain Porter of the Federal
Secret Service on the charge of counter
feiting 2-cent stamps in large quantities
and selling them. A.J. Bodkin, whowas
manager for the Pauline Hoyt Formula
Company at 504 Van Buren street, is
charged with being a member ofthe gang.
Officers were unable to find him to-day.
The mails lately have been flooded with
hundreds of. letters with counterfeit
stamps on. The Hoyt concern- sent 600
such letters through this postoftice, it is
believed, as a test before the manufacture
and sale were conducted on a big scale
from the factory on Western avenue.
OBSTRUCTION'S ON' THE TRACK.
Removed Just in Time to Prevent a Train
Wreck.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April 14.— The ex
press train due here at 4:30 th ; morning
on the Cleveland and Pittsburg road
would have been wrecked near the south
ern limits of the city but for the removal
of the obstructions placed there by the
would-be wreckers. A man on his way to
work saw several ties piled across and
parallel with the tracks, and he had only
just moved them when the train rushed
by at the rate of fifty miles an hour. -—
EARNEST SINGLE-TAXERS.
They Fail to Cause Miss Wil
lard to State Her Views on
the Question.
i
An Answer During a Church Lecture
That Caused the Audience
to Titter.
WILMINGTON, Dei.., April 14.-Four
workers connected with the committee in
charge of the Single Tax movement in this
city created a sensation in Grace. M. E.
Church this afternoon. Miss Frances E.
Willard, who came to this city for a fare
well lecture to Wilmington,* .was nearing
the close of her address when one of the
Single Taxers arose and requested per
mission to ask Miss Willard a question.
The latter thought the man wanted to
know if the collection had been taken, and
in answer to his request replied: "Yes,
the collection has been taken."
The single-taxer then sent a note to her
asking her opinion on single tax. Ad
dressing the audience Miss Willard -said
she had received several letters about the
single tax from a man in Wilmington and
said that she did not know much about
the matter. She said that she did not
think that it was the time or place to dis
cuss the question, as it had no connection
with the subject of her address. This re
mark caused the audience to titter. The
single-taxers walked from the church, and
after the meeting distributed single-tax
literature in the hallway.
Funeral of Bishop Ryan.
BUFFALO, N. V., April 14.-The funeral
services of the late Bishop Ryan were held
in the cathedral to-day. Archbishop Cor
rigan officiated at the pontifical high mass
and the sermon was preached by Arch
bishop Ireland. The body was lowered
into the vault in the cathedral beside that
of Bishop Ryan's predecessor in office.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, APRIL 15, 1896.
THE N.EX3" STEIP.
DEBTS OF THE
PACIFIC ROADS
Powers Has Not Reported
the Proposed Funding
Scheme.
MAOTIRE IS ON GUARD.
Does Not Propose to Let the Bill
Go Through Without a
Struggle.
HUNTINGTON'S MINIONS BUSY.
They Yet Have Hopes of Securing a
Big Appropriation for Santa
Monica.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.—Al
though the House Committee on Pacific
Railroads instructed Chairman Powers to
report the funding bill to the House, Pow
ers has not yet done so. He is now en
gaged in writing his report to accompany
tbe bill.
Representative Maguire said to him to
day that he would like to be notified in ad
vance when the bill was likely to be re
reported, and whether or i not, in Powers'
opinion, it would be considered by the
House at this session. He asked Powers if
he had any objection to notifying him
some time beforehand so that he might
prepare himself to oppose the bill on the
floor of the House. Powers replied that
he certainly had no objection to giving
Maguire any information, but that he had
no definite knowledge as to whether the
Home of the Country Club at Montecito, Where .the, Naval Reception of Carnival Week Was Given.
[Reproduced from a sketch made for "The Call.'']
bill would receive \ consideration at this
session. He said he hoped to complete
his report by Saturday, or at most by next
Monday. He said that the Pacific Roads
Committee would ask the Committee on
Rules to set a day for the bill', considera
tion, and he believed that it would do so. "
The Committee on Rules is composed of
Reed, Dalzell, Henderson of lowa, Crisp of
Georgia and McMillan of Tonnegsee. The
Calif ornians who are opposed to the fund
ing bill will made an earnest attempt be
fore that committee to prevent a day being
set for the bill's consideration. '<'y'yy:y
■ McMillan of Tennessee is with the Cali
fornians. Crisp is seriously ill in Georgia,
and is not expected to return here this ses
sion. He is a Pacific railroader and his
absence does not worry the anti-funding
representatives, y " ,:'./--''* ' V'
| Henderson of lowa might naturally be
expected to vote against giving considera
tion to the funding bill, as he comes from
a State where "interests are 'directly af
ected. The Sioux- City people who were
not provided for in the bill are pre
paring to make a determined fight on
it, and it is 'believed they may be able to
influence Henderson. : ■ •■ • . '■ iyiy:y
Mr. Coombs of Boston, who is here rep- i
resenting: the Northwest interests, saia to
The Call correspondent to-night that the
bill was certain to be defeated.' ,He de
nounced it as an outrageous measure and
declared that no honest or respectable
Congressman could vote for it. ..-.:. ... . 1
"I am as certain as I am alive," said he,
"that it will be defeated by an over
whelming majority."
Maguire is more cautious in his observa
tions, however, ; and said quietly: , "We
must not be too confident of that."
The Call correspondent learned to-day
that Speaker Reed has been canvassing
among Representatives on the floor to
ascertain how they feel toward the funding
bill. ' " '■"■■■ V- ■; " .
Loud of California says he believes that
Reed is individually opposed- to the bill.
Loud does not think it will be considered
at this session. Politics, however, will cut
a big figure in this fight. If Reed signifies
a disposition not : to allow : the bill to be
considered • the j McKinley : men will be al
most certain to -oppose him in this, and
vice versa; so that, in Loud's opinion, it is
altogether uncertain what the Committee
on Rules will do. y.^iy
• Dingley, chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee, is strongly opposed to
Continued on Tliird Page.
NAVAL DAY AT
SANTA BARBARA
The Philadelphia's Officers
Feted by the Country
. Club.
MARINES IN A PARADE.
Carnival : Guests View . a Drill
by the Warriors of the
".. .Sea.
TRIP TO SAN MARCOS PASS.
Thriving Ride Along the Edges of
"' Precipices — Visiters Throng
the Mission.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 14.—
The city is all life to-night. At the Ar
lington, about which socle ty is centering,
the parlors are ablaze with illuminations
and in motion with the waltzers. On the
streets two or three bands are playing, and
thousands of persons are promenading.
The brilliant lights at the beautiful homes
for which Santa Barbara is famous show
that guests are , being everywhere enter
tained. The trains and stages have
brought a thousand men and women, most
of them tourists who during the winter
have remained in other parts of Southern
California, and in a place the size of this
1000 new comers make a showing. There
are 10,000 or 15,000 to come. Newspaper
men who dwell here and are shrewd ob
servers of the indications, assert in private
conversation that the attendance at this
festival of flowers will be greater than the
attendance in any previous year.
There was revelry to-day, out the resi
dents say that the real carnival will begin
to-morrow. The unique feature of the
Wednesday afternoon flower show in the
pavilion is to be the rosebud procession.
The word "rosebud" is used figuratively
in the programme, but it is also literal,
for the rosebud procession is to be a parade
of the Santa Barbara babies, and there are
many of these human rosebuds here— the
glory and the promise of the town. The
little people will travel in their carriages
and their carriages are to be richly dec
orated with roses— real buds, of course
but the babies will be the chief adornment.
At 1 o'clock to-morrow the battalion
band of the United States man-of-war
Philadelphia will give a concert at the
Arlington grounds. The rose show is to
begin at 2 o'clock. A promenade concert
will be the evening event.
The great feature to-day was the Country
Club reception, given in honor of Admiral
and Mrs.Beardslee, Captain and Mrs. Cot
ton and the subordinate officers of the
Philadelphia. The Country Club is a pow
erful social organization here. Dr. R. J.
Hall is its president. The other officers
are: C. B. Hale, secretary and treasurer;
Captain Walter Lord. C. C. Felton, Ronald
Thomas, George Gould, Dr. A. B. Thaw
and R. B. Fithian, directors. The club,
organized two years ago, has been highly
successful in the social line, but to-day's
event went far beyond any previous effort.
An object to the members was to make the
entertainment of the naval officers a
crowning event in its Hue of success, and
that was accomplished.
Nearly 1000 guests were in the spacious
reception-room. The battalion band gave
a concert on the lawn and the red of the
uniforms gave a contrast that enlivened
the outdoor portion of the scene. Nearly
all the Santa Barbara society people were
there.
The Country Club, which has a delight
ful home six miles down the shore in the
most beautiful part of Montecito, was or
ganized, in August, 1894. It has enter
tained many distinguished travelers, and
it has an important place in Santa Bar
bara social life.
• State street, which is the main thorough
fare and extends from the wharf to the
elevated region of the Mission, was
crowded this morning with people who
congregated to witness the parade of the
naval battalion, 350 strong. At the con
clusion of the parade a drill was given in
the field opposite the Arlington. Lieu
tenant Ingersoll commanded the battal
ion.
Of course the ancient mission is hourly
invaded by hundreds and the padres have
the opportunity of the year to practice the
virtue of patience.
A large party went up the stage road to
San Marcos pass to-day in stages and on
horseback and from the mountain'ssum
mit looked upon the picturesque and
rugged Santa Ynez Valley. The whirling
along the edges of precipices was a thrill
ing experience to many of the tourists and
the story of it will often be told in their
Eastern homes. .. • ! .'.. . -
The good old city is taking on its festival
week attire. The Thursday morning sun
will rise to look upon the annual marvel of
the Santa Barbara transformation. Thurs
day is to be the greatest day of the week,
with the procession, the battle of flowers
and the ball, but it is difficult for the
stranger to believe that there can be any
thing more delightful than the experience
that they have had while here.
BLOWN DOWN BY A STORM.
Seven Members of a Texas Family Severely
Injured by the Destruction of
, a House.
ABILENE, Tex., April 14.— News was
received here to-day that the house of J.
C. Hillion, living at Spring Creek, in the
southwestern extremity of the county,
was blown to pieces by the storm Satur
day night and seven out of ten members
of the family were severely injured. Three
of them were fatally hurt. They are Hil
lion's wife, her mother and the eldest
daughter, a girl of 16.
- The house and furniture were reduced
to splinters. The wreck immediately took
fire and two of the smaller children were
caught under the • rubbish. The other
members of the family were unable to
rescue them -and they would certainly
have burned to death had not the flames
been extinguished by torrents of rain and
bail.
TRAMPS BURN A TOWN
After Setting Fire to Dorchester,
Nebraska, They Flee for
Safety.
Flames Fanned by the Wind, and
the Place* Is Doomed to
Destruction .
LINCOLN, Nebr., April 15.— A telephone
message from ' Dorchester, twenty-five
miles west of here on the main line of the
Burlin_ton, says that town, comprising
nearly 1000 inhabitants, is threatened with
entire destruction by a fire which broke
out shortly after midnight. ' ;,
Half the town is already burned, accord
ing to the message, and the fire is spread
ing, fanned by a heavy wind.
Four of the principal business buildings
are destroyed. One street in the business
district is swept clear and the flames have
been carried to the residence part of the
town. ,
The town has been overrun with tramps,
who are supposed to have started the fire.
The police of Lincoln have been asked to
arrest them, as they are reported to have
escaped on a freight bound for this city.
A later message says the whole town is
in an uproar, with the fire still spreading.
m
REV. MR. CLEVELAND DISMISSED.
The President's Brother Persisted in
? Preaching Democracy, i * , ' > <•
NEW YORK, N. V., April 14.-A Re
corder special from Watertown, N. V.,
says: Rev. William Cleveland, brother of
Grover Cleveland, was to-day dismissed
from the Presbyterian Church at Cha
mont. Dr. Cleveland has been pastor of
the church for the past five years. Com
plaint was made against him by part of
the congregation because he preached ser
mons that were in favor; of Democratic
principles. The committee to whom the
matter was referred expressed its appre
ciation of the high Christian character of
Dr. Cleveland and regretted the necessity
of dismissing him. -y-'y'-Yy . I
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
COBURG'S FIEND
A LAD OF TWELVE
The Mysterious Persecutor
of the Smith Family
Captured,
PLANNED MANY DEATHS
For Months He Has Attempted
to Murder a Widow and
Her Children.
POISON PLACED IN THEIR FOOD.
Sought to Settle an 01. Feud Between
His Relatives and Their
Neighbors.
EUGENE, Or., April 14.— Oral Poindex
ter, a lad 12 years old, was arrested at his
home, four miles north of Coburg, yester
day, and was brought to this city this
afternoon on a charge of attempting to kill
the family of Mrs. Hiram Smith, a widow,
who lives on a farm adjoining that of the
Poindexters. The youth has made re
peated attempts to poison the Smiths, and
on several occasions has nearly succeeded.
An old feud has existed between the Poin
dexters and the Smiths, and it is believed
Oral felt that it devolved upon him to
settle the grudge by taking the lives of the
entire family.
For months Mrs. Smith and her chil
dren have been dwelling in constant fear
of death. When the family would be
away some mysterious person would visit
the house and scatter poison about, but it
seemed almost impossible to detect any
one. • Several weeks ago the unknown
enemy left some kind of powder on the
top of the jars of milk. Mrs. Smith does
not know what the powder was, but be
lieves it was the kind of poison used to
destroy rats and squirrels. On this visit
the poisoner left two notes of a threaten
ing character. On the afternoon of the
next day he again visited the premises and
put another kind of powder on the cream
in the pantry. This substance was of a
whitish color, look like soda and tasted
like concentrated lye. On this visit an
other notice was left, as fellows:
The ones we want to kill is Hiram Smith,
L. Smith, Mary Smith, Clara Smith. I am
cqming: again. , This Is done by one you will
never know. God is building the fire for you
now. d you.
On the days that the notes and the
poison were left Mrs. Smith and her two
little girls were alone at the farm, the
young men— Leel and Hiram— being ab
sent on business. Judging from the tone
of the note it appeared that the unknown
desired to take the lives of the four orphan
children who live with Mrs. Smith.
About two weeks ago the family perse
cutor again gained admittance to the
premises unseen by any one and. scat
tered poison about the well and in water
ing-troughs and, in the . grain bin.
Thwarted thus far in his efforts to take the
lives of the family, the mysterious indi
vidual seemed determined to poison the
stock on the ranch. Since then several
other attempts were made by the poisoner,
and only by keeping their food and drink
under lock and key have the Smiths es
caped death. . ,
The officials having failed to trap the
fiend, S. 0. Garrison, a neighbor, was ap
pointed a special officer to investigate the
repeated outrages. He obtained .hi 3 first
clew Saturday. Mrs. Smith was away
from home, but one of the little girls was
left to keep watch. She saw young Poin
dextercome with a vial and pour some
thing into the pump. The next day, while
working about the chicken-house, she was
struck over the back of the head with a
club by Poindexter and was left uncon-
scious. Other evidence was secured against
the boy, until sufficient was had to war
rant his arrest. He is now held under $500
bonds. The boy is sullen and refuses to
talk.
Mrs. Smith is th« widow of the lata
Hiram Smith, a man who was quite
wealthy and prominent in social and po
litical life. He owned large tracts of land
below Cobuig, and at one time was a can
didate for Congress. He has been dead
for number of years. Mrs. Smith is now
73- years old, and lives on a farm about
four miles below Coburg. She has no
children of her own, but adopted four
children who were orphaned by the death
of another adopted son.
As the first attempt to poison Mrs. Smith
was made ten years ago, it seems that
Poindexter was carrying on the dastardly
work begun by some other enemy of the
family. ' ' b^bb bb
FEARED HE WAS GROWING OLD.
So John Lehman Killed His Three Children
and Then Committed
Suicide.
CHHICAGO, 111.. April John Leh
man, a driver for the Chicago and West
Division-street Railway Company, killed
his three children, Clara aged 5, Bertha 3,
and a four-months-old boy, to-night and
then committed suicide. Lehman, though
only 38 years old, became possessed of the
idea that he was growing aged and had
been in bad health for many weeks. He
was fond of his, children, and while he
had over $1500 in the bank he was afraid
he would die and his little ones would not
be properly provided for. • • yy.'-
Mrs. Lehman at the time was at a flat
to. which the family intended moving
within a few days. She had been married
twice and by her first husband had two
children who live with her. Lehman had
no desire to kill his wife's children by the
former husband and before committing
the dreadful deed sent them out to find
their mother. " ■■TJ!.i,Y.
Run Down and Killed.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 14.-Chief
Engineer Robson of the Franklin Sugar
Refinery was run down from behind by a
huckster's wagon while riding on a bicycle
last night and almost instantly killed.
The men in the huckster's wagon" were ar
rested.,.2
FOR A DEFENSE
OF THE RATION.
Senator Squire Speaks of
the Necessity of Better
Protection.
SEA COASTS EXPOSED.
Not in a Condition to Withstand
Attacks by the Navies of
Foreign Powers.
NO TIME TO CRY FOR WAR.
In the House the Bill Providing for
Improved Fortifications Is
Parsed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.— After
a speech in the Senate to-day by Squire of
Washington, in support of his bill making
large appropriations for seacoast defenses,
the rest of the session was taken up in the
consideration of the Delaware election
case, Chandler of New Hampshire arguing
at great length in favor of the claim of
Mr. Dupont to the vacant seat in the Sen
ate. The other side of the case is to be
sustained to-morrow by the Senator from
Delaware, Gray, who holds that Governor
Watson was entitled to cast his vote in the
Legislature as a State Senator and Speaker
of the Senate, and that having so voted
there was no majority for any candidate.
Gray intimated that his speech would
probably clos. the case on that side. Hoar
of Massachusetts gave notice, however, of
purpose to address the Senate in support
of Mr. Dupont' s claim, so that a decision
ot the question is not yet in sight.
The fact of Senator Morrill of Vermont
having attained his eighty-sixth birthday,
with more than half his life spent in Con
gress, was recalled to the Senate in the
chaplain's opening prayer, in which the
Senator was truthfully described a. hale
in body and clear, sound and vigorous in
intellect.
After some routine business, Squire (R.)
of Washington addressed the Senate on
the subject of tbe National defense. He
said:
"What an absurd spectacle has the Con
gress of the United States presented
during the present session by its persistent
talk in favor of the intervention by the
United States in behalf of Cuba and Vene
zuela. Every man who has informed him
self on the subject of National defenses
knows that as a nation we are not in con
dition to undertake war or suffer war.
Our courage and numbers would not avail
and it is folly to depend upon the resources
and inventions of the hour. The people
don't know how shamefully their interests
are being bandied and played with by
those who represent them in the halls of
Congress. They suppose in the simplicity
of their hearts that we are prepared to
protect ourselves in case of war with any
of the second or third class powers or even
against a first-rate power. They know
that the Nation has millions of brave and
patriotic men who would gather at the call
to arms. But they don't know that there
is no means of arming these hosts upon
the emergency that may arise. They
don't know that the great seacoast cities
through which extend the arteries of trade
and commerce with each other and with
the people of foreign lands— populous
though these cities may be and teeming
with wealth— yet exposed and defense
less against attack by foreign navies with
vessels far outnumbering ours in strength.
'•The bill presented by the Committee
on Coast Defenses is intended to meet the
wants of the Nation in this respect. It
has received the approval of the Secretary
of War and of the chiefs of the two great
departments of engineers and ordnance.
If it shall be adopted provision will be
made for the construction of the fortifica
tions necessary for the defense of the prin
cipal seacoast cities of the United States.
The aggregate number of direct fire high
power guns of all calibers required is 517;
the aggregate number of mortars is lOob";
for the construction of these guns* em
placement, and carnages about eight
years -till be required, and the sum of
at least $50,000,000. This sum cannot be
judiciously expended in a less time except
under great stress and at an additional
cost to the Government, and even in that
case it will be very difficult to complete
the armament in a much shorter period.
It is provided in the bill that the sum of
only $10,000,000 be appropriated for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1897, and
that an expenditure be authorized of
$10,000,000 for each -of the succeeding
seven fiscal years ending June 30, 1904.
Thus the tax wo;tld bo comparatively
light for each year, not equaling that
of the river and harbor bill, which
for the past ten years has averaged annu
ally between $13,000,000 and $14,000,000.
Think of it; $279,916,317 69 has been appro
priated since 1872 for the improvement of
rivers and harbors— that is, for the benefit
of commerce — and yet we have been so
afflicted with 'coast defense blindness*
that we have expended only $10,000,000 or
$11,000,000 for the protection of ' these
harbors during the same period."
At tbe close of Squire's speech the Du
pont election case was taken up, and
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire ad
dressed the Senate in advocacy of Dupont's
right to the vacant seat in the Senate from
the State of Delaware.
At 2:15 p. m. the unanimous consent to
have Mr. Peffer's "bond issue" resolution
____ -.■.---..-^-^-^-w^^_-_-_ ___? TO-DAY.
Apollinaris
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
"First in Purity."
BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL.
JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First St., San Francisco,
Representing CHARLES GRAEF & CO., N. V., for Mineral Waters.
taken up at that hour to-day was called to
the attention of the Vice-President— Peffer
offering, however, to withhold the resolu
tion until Chandler should have finished
his speech. In referenca to that offer
Gray (D.) of Delaware said that the ar
rangement was that he should follow
Chandler, and he added that that would
probably close the debate on that side of
the question.
Cullom (R.) of Illinois made a sugges
tion as to not interfering with appropria
tion bills, but Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada
remarked that before all the appropria
tion bills were passed it was necessary to
know how much money there was on
hand.
"The Senator need not worry about the
money getting out of the treasury," said
Cullom. "It is going out pretty fast. The
trouble is that it does not come in fast
enough." -> b
"My dear sir, listen to what I have to
say," Stewart interposed. "With $300,
--000,000 in the treasury taKen out of circu
lation, the country feels the pressure of a
want of money if the Senator from Illinois
does not."
"The Senator from Illinois," said Cul
lotn, "has always felt the want of money.''
"If the bond resolution is up," Hill (D.)
of New York broke in, "I want to take a
hand in it myself." [Laughter.]
After further colloquy on these lines, it
was agreed that the Peffer resolution for
an investigation into the recent bond
issues should be taken up after Gray shall
have replied to Chandler's speech.
Then Chandler proceeded with his argu
ment, which he addressed especially, he
said, to his three judges, who sat near
him, the Populist Senators, Allen of Ne
brasica, Peffer of Kansas and Stewart of
Nevada. (This intimation oi the quarter
from which the decision of the question is
to come created a ripple oi laughter all
around the chamber.) He closed at 4:30
o'clock, when Gray (D.) Of Delaware took
the floor, but reserved his argument
against Dupont's right till to-morrow.
The following bills were taken from the
calendar and passed:
Senate bill relieving the personal repre
sentatives of John Sherman Jr., late United
States Marshal in New Mexico.
Senate bill for the relief of the estate of
Ramsay Crooks, appropriating $9719.
The Senate at 5 p. m. adjourned until
to-morrow.
DONE WITHOUT DIVISION.
Passage of the Bill Making Appropria
tions for Fortifications.
WASHINGTON, D. C.. April I.4.— The
House to-day passed without division and
practically without objection the bill
making appropriations for fortifications
and coast defenses. Its passage was ad
vocated by Hainer (R.) of Nebraska,
Sayers (D.) of Texas, Bartlett (D.) of New-
York, Livingston (D.) of Georgia, Hemen
way (R.) of Indiana and Cannon (R.) of
Illinois, all members of the Committee on
Appropriations, and by Baker (R.) of New-
Hampshire. The latter criticized the com
mittee for not going further and appro
priating all the money asked by Generals
Flagler and Craighill.
Berry (D.) of Kentucky w T as the only
opponent of the bill. He said the money
would be better spent in building ships
than in fixing batteries.
The Secretary of War estimated that
$8,045,153 could be expended in the coming
year. The bill carries specific appropria
tions, amounting to $5,842,337, and au
thority is given to the Secretary of War to
make contracts involving the further ex
penditure of $5,542,276. making the total
authorized expenditures in the bill $11,
--384.613.
The following shows the aggregate
amount appropriated and authorized by
contract under each subdivision of the
bill, namely: Gun and mortar batteries,
$5,260,000; sites for fortifications, $250,000;
plans lor fortifications, $5000; seawalls
and embankments, $17,977; torpedoes for
harbor defense, $100,000; armament of
fortifications, $5,502,673; proving eround,
Sandy Hook, N. J., $38,0C0; Watertown,
Mass., $3500; Watervleit Arsenal, N. V.,
$3105; Benicia Arsenal, Cal., $4500; ord
nance and fortifications board, $100,000;
Fortress Monroe sewerage system, $9860.
The House agreed to the conference re
port upon the legislative, executive and
judicial appropriation bill as far as the
conferees had agreed, and ordered another
conference upon the matters still in dis
pute between the two houses.
Bingham (It.) of Pennsylvania reported
from the conferees on the legislative, ex
ecutive and judicial appropriation bill, the
agreement made leaving the two houses
still apart on something over 100 of the
314 amendments made by the Senate.
Bingham explained the grounds of differ
ence substantially as stated by Senator
Cullom in the Senate yesterday. The
total amount involved in the differences
was $189,590.
'Considerable discussion occurred over
the amendment included in the disagree
ment which provided for additional Sen
ate employes. bbb
Hartman (R.) of Montana moved to in
struct the House conferees to recede from
their disagreement and agree to it with an
; amendment providing annual clerks to
members of the House, but it was ruled
out on a point of order.
The report of the conference was agreed
to and a further conference on the dis
puted points ordered.
The debate was continued by Sayers
(D.) of Texas and Bartlett (D.) of New
York, who advocated the passage of the
bill. The whole people, irrespective of
party, Bartlett contended, demand the
adoption and execution of a just system of
coast defense.
Proceeding to details, Bartlett said the
plan recommended for execution contem
plated the execution of about $90,000,000.
It would necessitate the purchase of 203
12-inch steel guns, 190 10-inch guns and
ninety-eight 8-inch guns. He exhibited
engravings of the guns as mounted in the
fortifications.
in closing Bartlett quoted from the
words of Tilden, whom he described as
"A distinguished Democrat and at one
time President of the United States."
This evoked laughter and groans from the
Republicans, and Hardy of Indiana asked
"Did he draw his salary?"
"No," answered Bartlett with delibera
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896.
tion, as he wiped his glasses, "he did not
draw his salary, but he did receive a ma
jority of the fair votes of the country and
that I believe is now conceded by every
body except the gentleman from Indiana."
Several gentlemen desired to ask Bart
lett questions, but he declined to yield,
saying he did not wish to be drawn into a
political discussion.
Livingston (D.) of Georgia, also a mem
ber of the Committee on Appropriations,
and supporting the bill, said it might
seem strange to persons on the outside
that the House should jump from an ap
propriation of $2,000,000 in one session to
$11,000,000 in the next. But he wanted to
congratulate people on the inside and out
side that this appropriation was to be
made at a time when it was apparent that
Mr. McKinley of Ohio would be the Re
publican nominee for President; that the
A. P. A.'s would beat him; that 'the pure
Jeffersonian Democracy would take charge
of the Chicago convention, and that there
fore they could sleep comfortably, know
ing that money would be economically
spent and that the country would be safe
after the 4th of March next. [Laughter.l
The bill has been prepared in accordance
with the suggestion of General Flagler, he
said, and if the committee had made a
mistake it was because it has been misled
by those who ought to be informed on the
subject.
Walsh (D.) of New York asked if Living
ston was aware of the fact that forty-five
rapid-fire guns had been sent by the Brit
ish military authorities to Kingston for
defense of the lakes?
Livingston— lt would not make any dif
ference, Mr. Chairman, if there were 145.
I know that we could take Canada in three
weeks without regard to the number of
guns or the number of men that could be
assembled within that time for her de
fense. [Applause.] Mr. Chairman, I hope
the bill will pass-
Baker (R.) of New Hampshire ex
pressed his gratification that the bill was
so much better than those of preceding
Congresses, and regretted that the com
mittee had not gone further and risen to
the full height of the opportunity pre
sented.
The action of the committee was warmly
defended by Hemenway (R.) of Indiana
and Cannon (R.) of Illinois. They stated
that the committee had recommended an
approriation of all the money that could
be expended for fortifications in the year
and authorized contracts for additional
work, money for which would be provided
in the coming session of Congress.
Cannon emphasized the statement made
by Hainer that this bill would do as much
work as had been accomplished by all the
fortification appropriation bills passed
since I^B2. The only opposition to the
bill came from Berry (D.) of Kentucky,
who said that the expenditure of money
would be more profitable if it were put
into the construction of the best type of
battle-ships and coast-defense vessels,
which could be assembled at any point
threatened by a foreign foe, instead of for
fixed batteries.
The bill was read and without amend
ment was reported to the House and
passed without a division.
At 4:25 o'clock, oh motion of Hainer,
the House adjourned until to-morrow.
SWARMS OF IMMIGRANTS
Ellis Island Crowded by the
Horde of Pauper For
eigners.
Hundreds Who Clamor for a Landing
Will Probably Be De.
ported.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 14.— Ellis
Island is crowded by the advance guard of
the invading horde of pauper Italian im
migrants. Right on top of the swarm of
nearly 1400 unloaded from the Bolivia
there came yesterday another hungry con
tingent of 1500 landed from the steamer
Alesia from Mediterranean ports and the
Albano from Hamburg, and Havre. Of
these all but a few were Italians.
The immigration authorities are fairly
appalled, and realize that no steps mnst
be neglected to check the influx. On the
island the immigration authorities, were
driven almost frantic in their efforts to
control the clamorous horde of aliens, who
fairly fought to be permitted to land, and
the not less persistent mob of friends who
sought to obtain their release.
That term "friend" more frequently, is
used as a cloak by tbepadrones and immi
gration agents, who are ready to pose as
brothers or cousins in order to secure the
release of immigrants consigned to them,
who might otherwise be debarred from
landing. Such friends were in the major
ity yesterday, for it was known that among
the Bolivia's passengers were 260 of the
'barred" class, who, unless rescued, were
subject to deportation. In addition to
these there are 542 passengers under de
tention until their claims can be passed
upon. -yyY. <•_
Many of the passengers by the Alesia
swelled the number of. the "barred," which
rose to 520, or about one in every six of
of those arriving during the two days.
This will be further increased to-morrow,
when another steamer arrives with about
1500 immigrants. Ellis Island presents a
scene of extraordinary activity, all avail
able space being covered with a mass of
immigrants awaiting their turn to present
themselves before the examiners.
Patents of Caiifornian*.
WASHINGTON, D.C., April Patents
have been issued as follows: Waller
Aspeden, Riverside, sack used in picking
citrus fruits; Clarence W. Ayers, San
Francisco, automatic letter-stamping ma
chine: August W. Bear, San Jose, rotary
engine; Helen Bieres, San Francisco, ma
chine for preserving eggs; Francisco
Cavellora, San Jose, flushing device for
sewers; Irvin P. Doolittle, Redlands, pipe
coupling; John W. Eisenbuth, San Fran
cisco, gas engine; Henry S. Grace and A.
D. Reynolds, San Francisco, bottle-label
ing machine; Augustus M. Ingargiola,
San Francisco, blacking-brush; Robert L.
Pepton, Stockton, display stand; Daniel
S. Regan, San Francisco, power trans
mitter, hoisting mechanism and gearing
for gas or explosive engines; George Risch
muflcr, San Francisco, carfender.
Colonel Ludlow'* Recall.
WASHINGTON. i). C., April 14. There
is nothing significant in the recall of
Colonel William Ludlow, corps of en
gineers, U. S. A., as military attache of
the United States embassy in London.
The change has been made on Colonel
Ludlow's request presented last summer
when he was in Washington in connection
w>th the business of the Nicaragua Canal
Commission, of which he was a member.
It is understood that upon completing the
work of investigating the great canals of
the world he would be relieved. "
Treatury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness stood at $126,715,801. The withdrawals
for the day were $197,000. '
SILVER MEN ARE
VERY ACTIVE.
_____
The Democrats of Missouri
Gather at Sedalia for
the Convention.
A SPIRITED CANVASS
Leaders Preparing to Do Battle
Against the Policy of
Gold Bugs.
THERE IS A PROMISE OF STRIFE
Serious Trouble Expected in the Se
lection of the National Dele
gates.
SEDALIA, Mo., April 14.— Incoming
trains to-day brought the advance guard
of the Democratic State Convention to be
held here to-morrow. The executive
committee met this afternoon and, after
a spirited canvass between Colonel W. H.
Hatch and Hon. M. F. Benton, the former
was selected temporary chairman by a
vote of 16 to 13. Senator U. F. Cochran of
Buchanan County is favorably mentioned
for permanent chairman.
Nearly all the prominent leaders of the
silverites and gold bugs reached here this
morning, and some of the liveliest hust
ling ever witnessed in a Missouri campaign
is being carried on. Among those active
in the button-holing of delegates and the
manipulation of modern conduit systems
are Governor Stone, Hon. Richard P.
Bland, Colonel William Phelps. Colonel
Nicholas M. Bell, Secretary of State
Leseur, Auditor Seibert, George W. Allen,
Chairman Maffitt and ex-Congressman
Heard.
It is admitted to-night that the silver
men will practically control the conven
tion, and unless they are inclined to be
magnanimous and adhere to the time
honored traditions of Democratic State
conventions there will be serious trouble
over the selection of National delegates.
Ik is conceded that Governor Stone, ex-
Congressman Bland and Senators Vest
and Cockrell will be selected as the dele
gates-at-large to the Chicago convention.
The Sedalia convention will promulgate
a financial platform which it is intended
shall be the money plank in the National
platform as adopted in Chicago. This is
not all. The Missouri silverites will go to
Chicago with the belief that they and.their
fellow delegates from the Western and
Southern States are strong enough to
dominate and control the National con
vention. To support this claim they will
present two pieces of Presidential timber,
namely, Governor Stone and "Silver Dick"
Bland.
In case their attempts to control the con
vention are frustrated they will hold in
reserve the threat {hat they will cast the
solid vote of the Missouri delegation, ac
companied by that of several other neigh
boring States, for ex-Governor Boies of
lowa, as the Democratic standard-bearer
in the coming campaign. Some enthusiasts
even go so far as to predict that Governor
Stone of Missouri will be chairman of the
National Committee on Platform and will
make the principal speech in favor of its
adoption. y';'v
Late to-night the cry of "no quarter" is
being sounded throughout the city, and it
is given out that the mandate of the people
of Missouri must be obeyed, and nothing
less than a solid free silver delegation
from this State shall be sent to Chicago.
REPUBLICANS OF NEBRASKA.
They Will Declare for McKinley and
Sound Money.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 14.— The Republi
can State Delegate convention will be
called to order to-morrow evening at 7:30
o'clock, but prior to that time all the pre
liminary work of selecting committees and
choosing a temporary chairman will have
been accomplished. The presentation of
the names of these committees will there
fore be a mere formality.
The city is alive with politicians, dele
gates to the convention and candidates for
office. .Congressman Hainer, chairman of
the State Central Committee, cannot be
present, and the duty of calling the con
vention to order will fall upon Vice-Chair
man J. J. Mallalu. W. P. McCreary of
Hastings has been spoken of for. tempor
ary chairman, and Dr. G. W. Collins of
Pawnee City hag a following. The chances
are in favor of McCreary.
The election of delegates will be little
more than a formality, at least so far as
three of them are concerned. John L.
Webster of Omaha, T. B. Kennard of Lin
coln and Peter Jensen of Jefferson City
will be chosen by acclamation. Interest
in the matter was increased this morning
by the announcement that George H.
Thummell of Grand Island would contest
for the honor of being the fourth member
of the State delegation.
The consensus of opinion by those con
sulted on the matter seems to be that the
committee will not go very heavily into
platform making. It is thought McKin
ley will be indorsed promptly, and that
the money question will be touched on in
McKinley 's words: "The money should
be as sound as the Government and as un
tarnished as its honor." _;--__
SQUARELY FOR McX INLET.
Indiana Republicans Said to Favor the
->, :. - Ohioan.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., April Chair
man Gowdy of the Republican State Com
mittee which met here to-day has come
out squarely for McKinley. He says: "I
am for McKinley. As chairman of the
State committee I believe I have the right
to be for whom I please. I have had the
best facilities for ascertaining what the
sentiment of the party in this State is and
I believe that 90 per cent of the Republi
cans of Indiana are demanding the nom
ination of McKinley. I have not only
written letters to my friends throughout
the State advocating McKinley, but I have
openly advised that the State convention
ought to instruct the delegates at large to
vote for him, not first, last and all the
time, as some of the newspapers have said,
but as long as there is a reasonable chance
for his nomination."
WILL FIGHT CLEVELAND.
Colorado Democrats .Solid for the White
Metal. YyYyy
DENVER, Colo., April 14.— The State
i Democratic Convention will meet to-mor
row in the Broadway Theater. There will
be 463 delegates in the convention. Arapa
hoe County will have ninety-one delegates
representing the county. The leaders have
not yet decided who will be chairman of
the convention. -
Charles S.Thomas and T. J. O'Donneil
will probably go as delegates-at-large to
the National convention at Chicago.
Other delegates are uncertain owing to
divided interests. As the Arapahoe
County Convention held to-day seems a
solid delegation to the State convention,
bound by the Senate rule to fight the
Cleveland wing of the party, the contest
between the administrationists and the
silverites will not be as interesting as was
anticipated.
The presence of Senator Tillman will
aid the silver Democrats materially, and a
silver delegation of fighting strength will
go to Chicago. y ;
CHAIRMAN UARRITT'S VIEWS.
Say* th* Sound-Money Democrat* Should
Organize Everywhere.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 14.-In ;
speaking to-day of the political situation
in the Democratic party, National Chair
man Harritysaid:
"I certainly do not agree with those who
expect that there will be two Democratic
National Conventions or a bolt from the
regular Democratic National Convention.
I recognize and appreciate the fact that
the free-silver element of the Democratic
party, up to the present time, is more ag
gressive than the sound-money men of
that organization. The free-silver men are
systematically and energetically at work
with a view to electing delegates and dele
gations who will favor the free, unlimited
and independent coinage of silver.
"It is generally believed that in the
States in which the free-silver element of
the party prevails and in the majority, the
unit rule will be adopted, in order that the
States in question may prove as effective
as possible in the interest of free silver.
This will apply to the adoption of a plat
form as well as the nomination of the
candidates. As you know, a majority of;
the convention has the power to make the ;
platform, but it will take two- thirds of the
convention to nominate its candidates.
"I can only repeat what I have hereto
fore said, that while I still believe that the
sound-money element of the Democratic
party will be in control of the Chicago
convention, yet what now seems likely to
be a majority may easily become a minor
ity by reason of the supineness or neglect
of the sound-money men of the party.
"I would say to the sound-money Dem
ocrats of the country, organize, organize
everywhere if they want to adopt a plat
form and nominate candidates who will be
for the best interests of the country and
conducive to the permanent welfare of the
Democratic party."
BRADLEY IN THE LEAD.
Ahead of McKinley in the Struggle in
Kentucky.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 14.— Governor
Bradley to-night leads in the contest for
the Republican instructions for President,
but there is such a strong sentiment in
favor of McKinley that there is no telling
who will win out. Bradley had the better
organization, and won the instructions in
the majority of the district conventions.
The big fight is going to be on temporary
organization, and as there are enough con
tests to sway the result, a lively battle is
promised.
The district conventions, six of which
were held to-day, instruced as follows:
First, Bradley; Second, Bradley; Third,
McKinley; Fourth, Bradley; Fifth, Mc-
Kinley; Sixth, McKinley; Seventh, Mc-
Kinley; Eighth, Bradley first, McKinley
second; Ninth, McKinley; Tenth, 1 Brad
ley first, McKinley second; Eleventh,
Bradley. •
The State convention will meet in this
city at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon. The
Fifth or Louisville District will cause
trouble by reason of the bolt of the A. P.
As., who are solid for Bradley, he being a
member of the organization. Governor
Bradley is his own manager, while Mayor
George Todd is representing McKinley.
VICIOUS FIGHT ON McKINLEI.
The A. P. A. Men Will Leave No Stone
Unturned to Defeat Him.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 14. — The
American Protective Associatian is mak
ing a vicious fight on McKinley. Judge
J. H. I. Stevens of Missouri, chairman of
the National Advisory Board, is here di
recting the battle, and to-night it is an
nounced that C. E.Sapp, a McKinley dele
gate from this city to St. Louis, will bolt
his instructions and vote for Bradley. He
is State president of the A. P. A. The
A. P. A. leaders had a long consultation
to-day with Bradley and several members
of the State Central Committee.
The A. P. A. announced that they were
going to use all the influence possible to
secure the indorsement by the convention
of Bradley's candidacy, and the claim was
made that they had already organized a
Democratic branch in this city with 1500
members. The Republican members of
the order, it is stated, have received in
structions to scratch McKinley to a finish
if he is nominated. -^bb
Election* in New Jersey.
RAHWAY, N. J., April 14.— The char
ter election here today resulted in the
election of a Republican city ticket.
NEWARK, N. J., April 14.— James M.
Seymour, Democrat/was elected Mayor
to-day over Julius A. Lebkurcher, Repub
lican, by about 2000 plurality. The' Re
publicans electea thirteen out of sixteen
Councilmen.
TRENTON, N. J.. April 14.— The Re
publicans to-day elected eleven of the
thirteen members of the Council, and
will retain control of that body by twenty
Republicans and three Democrats.
BAYONNE. N. J., April 14.— T0-day's
annual charter election resulted in a
Democratic victory.
— #
National Democratic Clubs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.— The
executive committee of the National Asso
ciation of Democratic Clubs met at the
Ebbitt House at noon to-day. Of four
teen members comprising the committee
twelve were present. Congressman Mc-
Millin of Tennessee presided. St. Louis
was selected as the place and September 3
as the time for holding the annual conven
tion.
Headed by Senator Faulkner and Gen
eral Black the committee at 2:30 o'clock
called at the White House and paid its re
spects to the President, and then ad
journed sine die.
Wheelmen Win the Day.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., April 14.— The
first election iv New Jersey to vote on an
appropriation for the construction of a
cycle path took plaoe to-day in Asbtiry
ParK, and the wheelmen carried the day
by a vote of 218 to 37. The path will be
six feet wide and wili extend from Asbury
Park to Trenton, a distance of fifty mile..
It is thought the path will be built before
the end ofthe coming summer. '
Chose McKinley Men.
LINNEUS, Mo., April 14.— The Repub
licans of the Second Congressional District
to-day elected McKinley delegates to St.
Louis.
Cannon for Congress.
WATSEKA, 111., April 14.-The Repub-
Mean Congressional Convention for the
Tweleftb Illinois District to-day renom
inated Joseph G. Cannon for Congress.
McKinley delegates to St. Louis were
chosen.
McKinley . Get* the Majority.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., April 14.— At
the delegate election held here to-day Mc-
Kinley carried a majority of the delegates.
Reed had two delegates instructed for him.
Stone for Congress.
WARREN. Pa., April 14.— The Republi
can County Convention adopted resolu
tions indorsing McKinley. C. W. Stone
was indorsed for Congress.
Elected Reed Delegates.
NEW BEDFORD, Mass., April 14.— The
Republicans of the Thirteenth District, at
their convention to-day, elected Reed del
egates to St. Louis.
STATEHOOD FOR ARIZONA.
The Mouse Committee Will Favorably Re-
port the Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.— The
Arizona statehood bill was ordered to be
favorably reported this morning by the
House Territories Committee. This ob
ject was not gained, however, until a
strong protest had been made by three
members of the committee against taking
a vote at this time. The five members who
voted for a favorable report were : Scranton
of Pennsylvania. Perkins of lowa, Le
Fevre of New York, Turner of Virginia
and Cooper of Texas. The negative votes
were cast by Low of New York and Had
ley of Illinois. Owens of Kentucky, who
was present, declined to vote, and subse
quently withdrew from the meeting.
Avery of Michigan and Harris of Ohio
were "paired with Knox of Massachusetts
and Harrison of Alabama, the two latter
being opposed to the bill.
Varioloid on the Petrel.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.— The
Navy Department has received mail ad
vices that Assistant Paymaster Philip
Mohun of the gunboat Petrel contracted a
case of varioloid before that vessel left the
China station for San Francisco, but had
fully recovered and was now en route
home on her. The attack was slight and
there was no spread of the disease. The
Petrel is expected to reach San Francisco
shortly.
For a Scientific Director.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.— The
Senate Committee on Agriculture to-day
made a favorable report or. the bill for the
appointment of a director-in-chief for the
scientific bureaus of the Agricultural De
partment and the bill codifying the laws
relating to the bureau of animal industry,
Department of Agriculture.
SAT UP IN THE COFFIN
After Being Laid Out for Burial
Clara Hoppenstall Came
to Life.
Her Su.dea Vitality Scared a
Neighbor Into Complete Un
consciousness.
FREEHOLD, N. J., April 14.— While the
friends of Clara Hoppenstall were gathered
at her home on Saturday night talking of
her life, and her death on the day before,
they were startled by a shriek coming
from the room where the body had been
laid out.
Several men present rushed to the room,
but the sight that met their gaze terrified
them. Sitting upright in her white robe
was the supposed corpse, with wide open
eyes staring straight ahead. On the floor
was Charles Burton, a neighbor, in a dead
faint. The lips of the supposed corpse be
gan to move, and then she fell back to her
bier.
The frenzied men plucked up courage
enough to go to the assistance of Burton,
and a doctor was hastily summoned.
When the physician arrived Burton had
recovered his senses and the doctor ex
amined Miss Hoppenstall. He announced
that there was life and that the case was
one of suspended animation.
He applied remedies, and soon the
woman was resting quietly and breathing
naturally. She sleeps all ' ttie time, but
yesterday her vitality was sinking rapidly
away. Her physician does not think her
recovery probable, though it is possible.
Miss Hoppenstall had all the appear
ance of being dead for more than thirty
four hours. She had typhoid fever and a
complication of other diseases. The
funeral was to have taken place yesterday.
Mr. Burton stated that he went to the
room to saturate a cloth that was over the
eyes of the supposed corpse to prevent dis
coloration. He noticed nothing peculiar
about the body, and was about leaving the
room when he saw Miss Hoppenstall sit
ting up with her eyes wide open and star
ing at him. He did not remember any
thing further until found by those who
came in respone to his shriek.
NEW TO-PAY.
400,000 Pounds
of Nickel Steel
That is the amount of 6jk
this wonderful metal, %L__. 101
drawn into tubing in our r — - jSTifekr*'
own mills, that has gone ' ~^fini____v **
into Columbia Biryrlre JioJ*^^^_\
in the past year and a _t7«3__!li
half. Its use is what iV _Jw-B_?
makes Columbias so /7us]cEs£^_\
strong and light. No llyn^^Jrf.Sl
such material in other jl $J_\Jjr
machines. Reserved ex- )\ _v__^
clusively for
Standard of the World
-»!-_)(_) Columbias in construction and
-T__?l2 quality are In a class
to all alike. by themselves.
POPE MAUUFACTDRRG COIPISY,
344- POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
197Q PACE ST., NEAR STANYAN.
• .r*i i — i — — _ — : ' ;
Creamlet Wheat Wafers \M
3 for 25 ets. M
IN CARTOONS. \ i]
U 1 1 \y ibb 7 [//
Above "Special" this week only. r off
'-Smith's Weekly" tells all about «7
the Specials.
Removal Sale now In progress.
Freight prepaid 100 miles and over.
Smith's Monthly Catalogue free for postal.
QMITUQ' CASH STORE.
QIYII I nO 414-18 Front, S.F.
Largest Departm't Store west of Chicago.
THE KING
HUDYAN.
SORE SPOTS. \
If your body is .partially covered with
sores which itch badly, or which run con.i
tinually, or are bard to heal; or if youri
hair is beginning to fall out; if your teeth I
are loose or are loosening, you may be as- I
sured that your blood is in a very impure
state. These symptoms frequently follow
the contraction of diseases of a private na-
ture, and they may be due too to a parent
or nurse who had some affliction. "HUD-
YAN" the KING cures all these ailments
promptly and permanently. It is a purely
vegetable compound, but strong and cer-
tain in its action. It was discovered by
the physicians of the great and grand
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.,
San Francisco.
The famous establishment where all cur-
able diseases are cured quickly and surely.
WEAK KNEES.
If you have been foolish enough to give
way to temptation in your youth and you
are beginning to feel the effects now,
either by having lost your manhood or
perhaps through nightly emissions, which
will soon bring on this dread disease, you
must lose no time in seeking complete
restoration of your vital powers. If you
would become "every inch a man" again
nothing equals "HUDYAN," the KING
jof all specifics. It will restore your vital-
I ity, bring back your strength, will power
| and energy. It makes weak men strong
{ and nervous men full of confidence, life
• and action. It can only be obtained,
though, from those eminent specialists,
the world-renowned doctors of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.,
San Francisco.
The great and grand establishment where
hope and life are extended to all sufferers.
Most forms of kidney and liver diseases,
is well as blood diseases, pass away
rapidly when "HUDYAN" is used. Writ*
for free
"Blood Book,"
"All About the Liver,"
And
"A Knowledge of the Kidneys.
And you can also get for the asking cir-
culars and testimonials of
HUDYAN
THE KING
rip
■ JfsV TAKE
4/ this
/ SHOE
For $2 50 and compare it with the
shoes that are sold elsewhere for
$3 50— identical. A very dainty
Russet boot in lace or button,
strictly up to date, needle toe and V-
shaped tip, just like above cut.
ASTONISHED
ARE THE LADIES.
How we can sell so cheaply. Simple enough,
We own this bit; building— no enormous rent
to pay and you share in the saving.
• 1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows" Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
FLOWER FESTIVALS,
FIESTAS,
ROSE CARNIVALS,
and the like, will be the delight of California
for the next two or three months.
Santa Barbara Flower Festival, the fame
of which is world-wide, and the glory of which,
like that of Solomon, is not half told, opens
April IS. Queen Flora will reign 3 days an
arbitrary and absolute despot.
La Fieeta de Lot Angeles, now fixed in
the chronology of California feasts, and riot
less illustrious than its older prototypes, com.
mences April 22, and the riot of fun will
spread over 4 days.
The Carnival of Rosea, to take place in
Ban Jose May 6th to Oth, inclusive, though a
more recent candidate for favors of the fun-
loving world, yet because of the limitless possi-
bilities of the Garden City for anything that la
made of roses, is quite as full of promise.
REDUCED RATES
Will ibe made by the SOUTHERN PACIFIC
COMPANY for all these brilliant events. Ar-
range your programmes accordingly and call
on agents for particulars.
§RU§||ESS_*S£s
taawe-_,_, bookbinders, h0 ""_* Millard -tables.
biawan, bookbindera, candy-makers, caaaer*
dy.rs, flourml_ls, foundries, lav Qdries, paps?
*"*•*"• _______?•• Pinters, shoe factories, sBS
■MS. tar-rooftirs, tanners, taUora. etcT ■'*«»■
•rusk pctur W6- 008 Sac a meatAN ELOPEMENT
AND A FIGHT.
Bloody Sequel to a Little
Romance of Sunny-
Italy.
TWO MEN ARE STABBED
And a Third Who Took Part in
the Fray is Shot in
the Heart.
ONE ACTS AS THE EEFEREE.
But He Is the First to Receive the
Vengeance of One of the
Belligerents.
BROOKLYN, N. V., April 14.— A free
fight among four Italians at a pier near
Hamilton Ferry to-night resulted in two
men being stabbed and one shot in the
heart. Three are in the hospital with
little chance of recovery. The principals
were Salvator Grinaldi and his brother,
Caimo Grinaldi, Salvator Pasquale and
Martin Gentelo. The latter lives in Bos
ton, while the Grinaldi brothers reside in
this city.
The row began owing to the elopement
between Salvator Grinaldi and the IS-year
old sister of Gentelo, who left Naples
about six months ago.
The young couple came to Brooklyn,
and Gentelo was instructed by his parents
to hunt them up. He found them in a
house on President street to-night. He
wanted to fight.
The brothers consented, and took Pas
quale along as referee, and after fighting
some time Gentelo drew a knife eight
inches long and stabbed the referee ten
times in the body. He next attacked
Caimo Grinaldi, and succeeded in cutting
him in the arm twice. Grinaldi drew a
pistol and fired two shots. One of the bul
lets struck Gentelo in the heart, ending the
fight. It is thought Pasquale will also
die.
TOYING WITH TICKETS
General Managers Determined to
Enforce the Restrictive
Conditions.
Provisions Adopted That May Some
what Impede the Business
of Sca'pers.
CHICAGO, lit.., April 14.— The general
managers of Western railroads reached an
agreement at an adjourned meeting to-day
with reference to the mileage ticket ques
tion. It was in line with the action of the
general passenger agents at their recent
St. Louis meeting as to the enforcement of
the restrictive conditions of such tickets.
On and after May 1 the 2000-mile ticket,
which is sold for $50, cannot be used ex
cept when the conditions of purchase have
been complied with. It is non-transfera
ble, and the conductors will take it up if
they believe it is presented by any person
other than the original purchaser.
The non-transferable restriction will be
practically enforced by a provision that
the refund of $10 on each ticket now made
by agents of each road independently
shall be made through the chairman of
the Western Passenger Association or his
agents at the principal points in the terri
tory. The refund will be refused if the
•cent thinks a scalper or his agent is the
holder of the ticket. As the mileage
tickets represent the stock in trade of the
ecalper and the refund of $10 is usually his
profit on each book, this action of the
Western roads will be a body blow at their
business.
Two or three of the Western roads at the
general managers' meeting yesterday did
not feel disposed to vote for the complete
extinction of party rates in territory east
of the .Missouri, but their votes were re
corded in the affirmative at to-day's meet
ing. All the roads felt that they ought to
make reduced rates for theatrical and such
parties, and to show their, friendly senti
ment they named a special committee to
see if some means could not be devised
whereby such parties could be legally and
protectively given a reduced rate.
The managers adjourned till next Tues
day, when the details of the new mileage
ticket agreement will be attended to.
OLIVE WREATHS FOR WINNERS.
Those Who Captured Prizes at Athens Will
Be Honored in the Ancient
Manner.
ATHENS, Greece, April 14.- It was in
tended to distribute to-day to the winners
tne prizes won in the Olympic games, but
the weather was so bad that the distribu
tion was postponed, so that all those who
desired could be present to see the honors
awarded to the victors. The prizes will
be wreaths made from the leaves and
twigs of wild olive trees growing in
Olympia, thus following the precedents in
the ancient games. It was at one time
proposed to substitute silver wreaths, but
this plan was abandoned, it being thought
far more appropriate to give the olive
wreaths that centuries ago conferred such
honor and distinction UDon the victors in
the Olympic games. In addition to the
wreatns each winner will receive a medal
and a handsomely illustrated diploma.
STANFORD FIELD DAY.
Athletes of the . University Meet .in
Friendly Rivalry.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
14.— The trial field day sports were contest
ed hereto-day. A heavy wind was blowing,
which made all records uncertain and pre
vented much enjoyment for the spectators.
Burton, '99, astonished the crowd by win
ning the 100-yard dash in 10 2-5 seconds,
beating Burchard, '96, who was not, how
ever, in the best of condition. Wilbur, '99,
threw the 16-pound hammer with one hand
125 feet 9 inches, which was also a feature
of the meet. Following are the results:
100-yard dash— Burton, "99, won time
.102-5; Burchard, *96, second, Holbrook, "97.
third. '
120-yard hurdle— H. Reynolds, '96, won
time. :16 4-5; Pope, '97, second.
(.hot Wilbur, 40 it 8^ in, won; Fisher,
'98. 36 ft 10 in second; Fickert, '98, 36 ft 4 in
third. ■=■-.- ■'-.!? ■■;-, ■■..-- _-•_•_ By -yy'
Two-mile bicycle race, Roper, '96, won, time.
5:56; Amenger, second.
Quarter-mile dash— Burton, '99, won, time,
;54. •---■: :•'";.■ W
•Mile walk— *99, came in first, but his
record was not taken for the reason that both
be and Wilkinson broke on the finish.
Hammer throw— C. Hazzard. '96, won. 125 ft
11 in; Wilbur. '99, second, 125 ft 9 in; Fickert,
■97, third, 125 ft 7 in. ._____,
Burchard. '96, won the 220-yard with
23 4-5 sec. __ _,
The 220-yard hurdle was won by H. Reynolds
in 27 2-5 sec. The record is inaccurate on ac
count of the wind which was blowing at the
time.
IVES DEFEATS DALY.
The Young Napoleon Plays a Great
Game of Billiards.
BOSTON, Mass., April 14— Ives and
Daly were down to show Bostonians the
cushion game to-night, and 500 spectators
paid admission to Bumstead Hall to see
their dexterity. Ives broke the record with
a run of 85 and won. He gave a display of
judgment of force such as the old-timers
here never saw before, and their enthusi
asm knew no bounds. The applause when
Ives passed the half-hundred mark was
tremendous, and the silence when he
neared the record, 77. tomblike. The score
was : Ives 300, Daly 250. Winner's highest
run 85, loser's highest run 29; winner 8 av
erage 5 30-54, loser's average 4 38-53.
On the English Turf.
LONDON, E.n-g., April 14.— The race for
the Fitzwilliam plate of 500 sovereigns was
run at the Newmarket Craven meeting to
day, and was won by Sir R. Waldie Grif
fith's Princess Anne, Baron de Hirsch's
Chantilly was second and E. C. Clayton's
All Moonshine third. P. Lorillard's bay
gelding Glaring was among the starters,
but was unplaced. ' » "• ' ;
The race for the Crawford plate was won
by R. A. Oswald's Menu. G. S. Revett's
Villager was second and Baron de Hirsch's
Sauterelle third. P. Lorillard's Anisette II
was sixth. V -•-
The race lor the Visitors' plate was won
by J. Newton's Forecbrun, F. Richard's
Helen Nichols was second and William
Eta ifem's Confessional third. Pierre Lor
illard's Kin« of Bohemia II finished tenth.
Racing at Newport.
NEWPORT, Ky., April 14. -The talent
had the best of it to-day, favorites captur
ing every race. Track good.
Seven furlongs, Prince Imperial won, Derfar
gilla second, Uno third, lime, 1:29}4-
Six furlongs, Rubberneck won,Aimee6econd,
Nana third. Time, 1:16. '--:.
One mile, Booze won, Toots second, Basso
third. Time, 1:43.
Four ana one-half furlongs, Gewgaw won,
Red second, Brossart third. Time, :57J^.
Four furlongs, Tempesta won, Leo Wecka sec
ond, Bessie L third. Time, :50.
Winner* at Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Tes.v., April Track fine,
attendance fair and sport good.
Half a mile, Lord Zeni won, Agent second,
Elyria third. Time. :53.
Seven-eighths of a mile, Ramona won, Pan
jandrum second, Plug third. Time, 1:33'
One mile, Tennessee Club handicap, Urania
won, David second, Robert Latta third. Time,
L.46&
One mile and a sixteenth, Presidio won,
Whisper second, Leonard third. Time, I:s4} '
Three-quarters of a mile, Eunuch won, Little
Cliff second, Sycamore third. Time, 1 :20.
Half a mile. Sea Robber won, Goshen second,
Lear third. Time, :51J£
Pacific Baseball League.
SEATTLE, Wash.. April 14.— Robert H.
Lead ley, one of the managers, arrived in
Seattle from Chicago this afternoon with
four teams — Seattle, Victoria, Tacoma and
Portland — comprising the new Pacific
Baseball League. The teams were as
signed to their respective cities, the Ta
coma and Portland aggregations continu
ing their journey while the Victorias will
taKe their departure to-morrow. The
season will be opened in this city and
Portland on May 1, Seattle playing Ta
coma and Portland playing Victoria.
DEBTS OF THE
PACIFIC ROADS.
[ Continued from First Page.]
considering the bill at this session, and he
is supposed to reflect the views of Reed.
The Capitol corridors are infested with
Huntington's agents every day. Hunting
ton himself goes to the Capitol to direct
their efforts. Among them are: Tweed of
New York, ex-Congressman Payson of
Illinois, ex-Congressman Phil Thompson
of Kentucky, Winslow S. Pierce of the
Union Pacific, ex-Representative Cadmus
of New Jersey, Corthell of New York, the
Southern Pacific engineer; an ex-Repre
sentative from Nevada, John Boyd, and
others who are working less conspicu
ously.
It is a noteworthy fact that Powers,
chairman of the Pacific Railroads Com
mittee, represented California on that
committee when it voted to report the
funding bill. Grove L. Johnson was ab
sent, but he authorized Powers to vote him
for the bill.
Kyle of Mississippi, who was absent yes
terday when the committee agreed to re
port the bill, will join with Hubbard of
Missouri and Bell of Texas in a minority
report; but he will not go so far as to
favor the bill which Maguire will propose
as a substitute. Hubbard is now engaged
in preparing his minority report, but will
not present it until the majority report is
submitted by Chairman Powers.
Corthell of New York, Huntington's
railroad engineer, is here to try to convince
the Senate Committee on Commerce that
the Santa Monica harbor should be im
proved. It was Engineer Corthell who,
with Engineer Hood, reported that Santa
Monica wis much better adapted for a
deep-water harbor than San Pedro. Hunt
ington is mating determined efforts to get
the $3,000,000 (continuous contract) item),
stricken out by the House side, inserted
by the Senate Commerce Committee.
Senator Frye, the chairman, is using his
best endeavors to assist his friend, and be
wields considerable influence both in that
committee and in the Senate.
Senator White of California is a mem
ber of the committee, and his attitude is
in some doubt. His colleagues declare
that he will oppose Santa Monica, even'
though San Pedro suffers by it, but John
Boyd said to Ihe Call correspondent to
night that he believed White would not
oppose the Santa Monica project if the ap
propriation for San Pedro was endangered
thereby.
A delegation of ten from Los Angeles
will arrive here to-morrow night or Thurs
day morning. Five are understood to be
for Santa Monica and five for San Pedro.
A merry time is expected when they begin
their fight.
Maguire proposes to make a speech in
the House denouncing the Santa Monica
job. ' : "-yyyiy
Subsidy for a Cable,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.-By a
decisive vote to-day the House Interstate
and Foreign Commerce Committee ex-
pressed its willingness to vote a subsidy to
aid in the construction of a cable from
the United States to China and Japan
touching at the Hawaiian Islands. The
vote was taken to test the sense of the
committee on the proposition and only
four votes were recorded against it. Tiie
subject will ,be further considered and
definitely acted upon at the next meeting
of the committee on Friday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896.
STOCKTON BANKS
MUST ANSWER
Assessor Ortman's Demand
for Cash Accounts Is
Sustained.
GOVERNOR BUDD ACTS.
Tardy Commissioners Ordered
to Secure the Information
Desired.
TOLD TO DO THEIR DUTY.
If False Returns Have Been Made,
the Money-Lenders Will Be
Taxed Twelvefold.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 14.— County
Assessor Ortman is after the banks with a
sharp stick. Recently he asked the State
Board of Equalization to request the Bank
Commissioners to have the banks here fur
nish him with a statement of the amount
of coin on hand on the first Monday in
March. This Mr. Morehouse of the State
Board of Equalization did, and it was
thought that at last the Assessor could
assess the banks with some knowledge of
what they had on hand. Heretofore the
blanks have been left in the banks and the
bankers filled them out to suit themselves,
and their returns were never questioned.
Now Ortman is satisfied that the returns
are not correct, and wants to get some
way of ascertaining whether he is right or
not.
Instead of complying with the request
made by Morehouse the Bank Commis
sioners notified the banks to submit a state
ment of what they had on hand on March
28. That is not what Ortman wanted,
so he went to Governor Budd on Friday
and asked him to request the Commission
ers to direct the banks to furnish the in
formation wanted. This Governor Budd
did, putting it in such a way that the Com
missioners could comply with the request
very gracefully. If they do not, Governor
Budd says, he will see that they do. In
speaking of the matter to-day Ortman
said:
"I think the Bank Commissioners are
trying to shirk their duty. The Governor
says that he believes the rich should pay
their taxes as well as the poor a/id that he
will do all he can to see that they do. If
the Bank Commissioners will not do what
we ask he will endeavor to compel them to
have the banks furnish the statements we
want. The Governor came to the rescue,
and if we are able to get at the amount of
money in the banks all over the State it
will increase the tax roll millions of dol
lars. If the Bank Commissioners compel
the banks to furnish us with a statement
when requested the Grand Jury can haul
an assessor over the coals when he fails to
compel the banks to pay taxes on the
amounts they should.
"I wish you would say for me," con
tinued Ortman, "that the law allows me
to assess at twelve times the amount
turned in in cases where such amounts
have been willfully falsified. Not only will
I increase the assessment ten times in case
I find a man deliberately giving an incor
rect statement, but I will have the man
who makes it brought up before the Grand
Jury." .
CALIFORNIA EDITORS.
Semi- Annual Meeting of the Pres* Asso
ciation at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. April 14.-The
semi-annual meeting of the California
Press Association was held here to-night
and was largely attended by publishers
and editors of interior journals. Interest
ing papers were read by S. S. Boynton of
the Oroville Register, G. S. Weeks of the
Bakersfleld Caiifornian, F. N. Haskell of
the Pomona Progress and W. Mellick of
the Lancaster Gazette.
Arrangements were made for the recep
tion here to-morrow of the members of the
Nevada Press Association en route to the
Santa Barbara flower festival. A commit
tee was appointed to confer with the State
Board of Trade relative to the semi-cen
tennial celebration of the discovery of
gold and the signing of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo.
THE AHWAHNEE TRAGEDY.
Richard McGcon Confesses to the
Killing of William
McGuirk.
C aims in Justification That the Water
in His Well Had Been Poisoned
by the Rancher.
MADERA, Cal., April 14.— Sheriff West
fall and Coroner Payne returned late last
night from Ahwahnee, bringing with
them Richard McGoon, who shot and
killed William McGuirk on Saturday last
at that place. The verdict of the Coro
ner's jury was that the deceased came to
his death by reason of gunshot wounds
inflicted by McGoon. '
William Metcalf, who was the principal
witness at the inquest, said that on Satur
day afternoon while he was at the Crooks
ranch he saw McGoon coming from the
direction of his cabin. ■ When he arrived
at the bouse he told ; Metcalf that he had
shot McGuirK and that he wanted him to
go up to where his body lay and have it
cared for. Metcalf, in company with one
of the ranch hands, started out for the
scene of the snooting. When they ar
rived at McGoon's place they found Mc-
Guirk's body lying in front of the door of
the cabin. One charge of buckshot had
struck the man in the shoulder and an
other had taken effect in the side of his
head. y'-Y-.r-
McGoon surrendered to Constable Lara
more, who took him to Fresno Flats for
his preliminary examination. Coroner
Payne swore to a complaint, charging Mc-
Goon with murder, and filed it before
Judge Johnson, who, after informing the
defendant of his rights, asked him if he
was ready to • plead to the charge. The
prisoner answered : "I guess lam guilty ;
I done the shooting all right, and there is
not much use in fooling about it."
Judge Johnson then made out a com
mitment holding him to answer before
the Superior Court without bonds. Mc-
Goon stated as his reason for killing Mc-
Guirk that some time ago he had over
heard McGuirk and another person in con
versation, in which they were laying their
plans to poison him; that McGuirk had j
poisoned his spring the night before the
shooting, and he had nearly died from the
effects of the poisoned water on Saturday
morning. . * r o-.'-',
"We were both mad," said McGoon,
"and I told him to go away and go home.
He saw me cock both -barrels of the gun,
but instead of going away he started to get
off his horse and then' I fired at him. He
fell, and I fired the other barrel at him to
finish the job."
TRAIN'S INTO RIVERSIDE.
Valuable Concession Granted to ■ the
Southern Pacific.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., April 14. —At a
meeting of the City Council to-day an
oidinance was passed which grants the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company valu
able franchise rights within the corporate
limits. Some time ago the company
bought the old motor road running be
tween this city and San Bernardino, and
soon after the "purchase applied for a mod
ification of the franchise held by the motor
company, asking that it be allowed to use
large locomotives instead of small motor
engines. The body to-day granted this re
quest, and the Southern Pacific will here
after run trains into the heart of the city.
The concession is a valuable one and
places the Santa Fe at a disadvantage, as
that company's depot is a half mile from
the city center.
UKIAH BANDIT ON TRIAZ.
John Schneider Arraigned for the Al
leged Robbery of a Stage.
UKIAH, Cal., April 14.— The trial of
John Schneider, charged with having
robbed the stage running between this
place and Willitts on January 15, was be
gun this morning in the Superior Court,
After thirty-five t talesmen had been ex
amined a jury was secured. District At
torney Sturtevant made the opening state
ment for the people, after which the wit
nesses subpenaed in the case were placed
under rule by the court and excluded from
the court-room. ...
Twenty-two witnesses were subpenaed on
behalf ot the prosecution, and eight by the
defense. The testimony this afternoon
was unimportant.
CAPAY VALLEY ASSASSINS
Young Stevens Confesses That
His Brother Shot Aged R.
L. Maxwell.
Neighbors of the Old Man Said to
Have Been Implicated— Death
of the Victim.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 14.— R. L.
Maxwell, the old man who was fired upon
by an unknown person at his ranch in
Capay Valley on April 7, died at the
County Infirmary this evening. Word
comes from Capay to-night that the
younger of the Stevens boys, who were
suspected of having shot the old man, had
confessed that the elder brother fired the
fatal shot. A report is also current that
other persons were implicated in the mur
der; that they were desirous of purchasing
Maxwell's ranch, but were unable to reach
satisfactory terms, and that the Stevens
boys were hired by them to do away with
him.
Maxwell was shot while at work in his
garden. The weapon used was a shotgun,
and at least twenty-rive No. 4 shot took
effect in the right side of his face and
head. At the hospital he told the follow
ing story:
"Two boys named Stevens came up to
my cabin and I gave them dinner. They
told me their stepfather had gone to Capay
with a load of wood. After dinner I in
vited them to go down to the clearing,
where I was working. I resumed work
and paid little attention to their move
ments. About half-past 10 o'clock there
was a sharp report, and I felt a stinging
sensation on the side of the head. The
blow staggered but did not knock me
down. I looked around, and only one
boy— the smaller one— was in sight, and
he was running away. He stopped and
came back to me. ;;.
"The younger, boy denied that his
brother fired the shot, but I am positive
that he did. In fact a friend of mine
caught the older lad in the act of reloading
the gun shortly after the shooting. I can
assign no reason for the deed. I have no
enemies that I know of."
The Stevens brothers are stepsons of A.
McMillan of Capay Valley. A short time
ago a rifle was stolen from a neighboring
farmer and the theft was traced to the
Stevens boys, who acknowledged the
crime, and in returning the rifle avoided
arrest. The oldest one of the brothers has
not yet attained his majority.
SAD DEATH AT MERCED.
Morris Hartman, an Invalid, Drowned
in a Bathtub.
MERCED, Cal., April 14.— Morris Hart
man Jr., a member of tbe dry-goods firm
of Hartman Brothers, was found this
morning in his bathtub, drowned. He
was in ill health, and a hot bath was pre
scribed by his physician. Soon after he re
turned home last" evening he proceeded to
the bathroom. It is supposed that im
mediately on entering the bathtub he was
struck with a fainting spell, and became
helpless. Hartman was formerly in busi
ness in San Francisco, coming to this city
in 1888. -yy:y
South Vallejo Fatality.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 14.— Matthew
Devine of Valona fell overboard at South
Vallejo while attempting to board the
schooner Sophie I. The captain and crew
hauled him out of the water; his clothes
were dried and a bed was made on the
deck of the schooner for him. Devine soon
went to sleep. This morning he was found
dead. It is supposed he received internal
injuries whed he fell overboard.
Humboldt County Floods.
EUREKA, Cal., April 14.— recent
rains and the melting of snow on the
mountains have flooded the streams and
rivers of this district. The construction
bridge of the Vance Railroad was carried
out to sea last night. County bridges over
Farmer and Salmon creeks, while still in
place, have been injured greatly. Many
large slices of rich bottom lands bordering
on the rivers, especially the Eel, were
washed away.
Murder at Latrobe.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., April 14.— George
Roberts, a Cherokee sheepherder, to-day
cat the throat of Walter Freeman, 19 years
of age, a son of a hotel-keeper at Latrobe.
Freeman died instantly. The two had
quarreled while drunk. Sheriff bert
started for the scene of the murder this
evening, and District Attorney Carpenter
will go in the morning. ."_.
Suicide at Mare Island*
VALLEJO, Cal., April 14.— Frank St.
John, a young man 28 years of age, em
ployed as a hostler at the navy-yard took
his own life last night by taking a dose of
laudanum. He has been a sufferer from
asthma for some time and to this affliction
the act is attributed. -\b.O;
Fought on the Monitor.
VALLEJO, ' Cal., April 14. — George
Dunne died in this city. He was an old
resident, ana his war record was ususually
interesting, as he was on the Monitor dur
ing the terrible battle with the Merrimac
in Hampton Roads. ; b-r yt-y.
VIEW THE SIGHTS
OF LOS ANGELES
Eastern Hotel Men Given a
Hearty Greeting by
the Angelenos.
BUSINESS AND PLEASURE
A Reception at Judge Silent's
Home Follows the Annual
Convention.
LYNCH ELECTED PRESIDENT.
Unanimous Choice of the Popular San
Diegan — A Trip to Santa
Monica.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 14.— The
threehundred hotel men who arrived from
the East late last night were astir early
this morning, eager to see the sights in
Los Angeles and transact the business for
which many of them had journeyed across
the continent. Hundreds of citizens
flocked to headquarters at the Hollenbeck
Hotel, to seek acquaintances among the
visitors. The early morning hours were
spent in exchange of greetings.
The seventeenth annual convention of
the Hotel Men's Mutual Benefit Associa
tion was called to order in Music Hall at
11 o'clock by President Benjamin H. Yard
of New Jersey. In the absence of Secre
tary Walter Barnes, Henry J. Bohn acted
as secretary pro tern. The president in his
annual report said: ' V ;
"Our total active membership in good
standing to date is 1228— the largest in the
history of the organization. Only forty
members lapsed the past year, as against
one hundred the previous. We have paid
beneficiaries to date the sum of $301,546."
When the election of officers was reached
a telegram from the Colorado contingent,
whioh was snowed in at Trinidad for
thirty-six hours, was read. It stated that
they expected to arrive at 6 o'clock
Wednesday morning, and that they sent a
unanimous vote for George VV. Lynch of
Hotel Florence, San Diego, for president.
Mr. Lynch was the only person nominated
and he was elected by acclamation. He
thanked the convention for the honor in
a neat speech. Mention of A. C. Bilicke,
landlord of the Hollenbeck, in this city,
was the signal for loud cheering, which
was not silenced until that gentleman made
a speech.
George H. Parker of New England was
elected first vice-president. The following
vice-presidents Were elected from the
various States: A. C. Bilicke, California;
M. M. Tabor, Colorado A. M. Bliss, Wash
ington; Charles B. Taylor, Florida;
Warren Leland, Georgia; Charles
Locke, Illinois; Edward Watson, In
diana: John E. Carlisle, Michigan;
A. Barker, Minnesota; H. Weaver, Mis
souri; G. Turn, Mississippi; George
Marke, Nebraska; O. T. Kellorn, New
Hampshire; C. M. Ford, New York; A.
Cook, New Jersey; G. W. Reynolds, Mon
tana; D. P. Kisick, North Carolina; D. C.
Shears, Ohio; F. P. Holley, Pennsylvania;
F. W. Eldridge, South Carolina;" W. P.
Harbutt, Texas, and Al Ainsley, Virginia.
The following directors were elected: H.
H. Brockway, New York; A. L. Bliss,
Washington, D. C. ; M. F. Barker, St. Paul;
C. C. Holton, S. E. Howard, F. W. Rice,
Jewett Wilcox, H. J. Bohm, W. H. Worth,
M. A. Loring and E. S. Pinney, Chicago.
Boston was selected as the next meet
ing place.
A resolution indorsing and pledging
help to the Commercial Travelers' Home
at Binghamton. N. V., was adopted. At
1:30 p. m. the convention adjourned.
All the delegates, together with the 126
ladies of the party, were taken on deco
rated electric cars to Judge Charles Silent'
beautiful Adams-street residence, where
luncheon was served on the lawn. The
rest of the afternoon was spent in carriage
and tallyho drives about the city. This
evening most of the visitors went to Santa
Monica by special train, where a hop at
the Arcadia Hotel was the feature of the
evening's entertainment. To-morrow at
10 o'clock the party will go to Santa Bar
bara.
ALASKA MINE DISASTER
Five Men Dangerously Injured
by an Explosion in the
Treadwell.
Reports of the Suffering at Juneau
. Confirmed by Returning
Passengers.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 14.— The steam"
ship Wiilapa, which arrived to-day from
Alaska, brought news of an explosion oc
curring on April 3 in the famous Treadwell
mine. Five men, two of whom cannot re
cover, were dangerously injured. Those
fatally hurt are Thomas Oleberge and Peter
Noveau.
Very discouraging reports concerning
the condition of affairs in Alaska are made
by the Willapa's passengers. Frank E.
Bryant, formerly .superior, officer of the
Seattle Police Department, and one of the
Willapa's return passengers, says there
are from 300 to 400 penniless men in
Juneau, and that' with the departure of
every vessel for the States scores of these
unfortunates congregate on the wharf beg
ging the captain for dead-head passage.
The Cooks Inlet region, he declares, is
being given the go-by by experienced
miners, hut that district is literally swarm
ing with prospectors. At the time of Bry
ant's departure very few men had suc
ceeded in crossing the pass into the Yukon
fields owing to the severe weather.
The Yukon mail, carried by Davis and
Stewart, is reported lost for the third time
this winter, and with it a valise containing
$800. .; I
The rush to Alaska is subsiding, and the
steamer Al-Ki,when it sails to-morrow, will
not have to exceed twenty-five passengers,'
including those from Puget Sound ports.
Penned In by Snow.
SEATTLE. Wash., April 14.— A private
letter received in this city from Arthur
Berry, formerly warden of the United
States : Penitentiary on McNeil's Island,
who left for Alaska a month ago, says that
three hundred miners bound for the Yukon
are snowed in at the base of the divide^ or
pass, between Cooks Inlet and the Yukon.
A■ ' fierce snowstorm was raging at the
time the letter was written, ten days ago,
and the prospects of the men being able to
cross the mountains were not only discour
aging, but the writer is of the opinion that
many will perish.
Nevada's honored dead.
The Body of the Late Governor Jones
Will Be Interred To-Day. .
CARSON, Nev., April 14.— A1l business
will be suspended in Carson to-morrow, in
accordance with the Mayor's proclama
tion, when the funeral of John E. Jones,
Nevada's late chief executive, occurs. The
body will lie in state at the Capitol until
noon, when the services will be held. If
the weather is pleasant the last rites will
take place on the steps of the Capitol.
Eulogies will be pronounced over the dead
on behalf of the Masonic fraternity, the
State, the various religious denominations
and the Nevada Press Association. The
Masonic fraternity will conduct the final
burial services and have charge of the fu
neral, in accordance with the dying wishes
of the Governor.
The bells of the city will toll and minute
guns will be fired as the procession moves
to the cemetery. The National Guard will
also fire a last volley over the grave and
taps will be sounded.
Acting Governor Sadler arrived at 4
o'clock to-day and at once paid his re
spects to the late Governor's widow. The
families were neighbors in • Eureka and
friends of long standing. Acting Gov
ernor Sadler will take the oath of office
and become Governor of Nevada on Thurs
day next.
UNA WA I TRAIN AT TUCSON.
Break* From a Locomotive on a Steep
Grade and Is Ditched.
TUCSON. Ariz., April 14.— Word was re
ceived at the Southern Pacific office at 8
o'clock this morning that a gravel train
being used near Vails station, eighteen
miles east on the main line, had broken
away from a locomotive and was on its
way toward this city, as it would meet
with no obstruction till it reached the
yards. Instructions were given and prepa
ration made to receive the runaway.
Switches were all set for sidetracking, so
as to derail the train in the yards.
A few minutes before No. 19, the east
bound passenger, was due the caboose and
thirteen gravel-cars came bearing down
from the east at a high rate of speed, and
as the switchspurs were struck the cars
plowed their way through the yard, wreck
ing everything except the caboose and two
cars. No one was injured, but the damage
to the company's rolling stock is consid
erable. If the accident had occurred half
an hour later the runaway would have met
the eastbound passenger on an upgrade.
Illegal Fiahing at Vallejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 14.— P. Resso, a
fisherman, was fined $100 to-day for illegal
fishing, he having been caught by Fish
Commissioner Davis with over 600 pounds
of striped bass on his boat off Army Point.
The net used was made of meshes "smaller
than the lawful size.
WOODLAND ARSON CASE
Shepherd & Collum's Actual Loss
in the Woolen Mill Fire
Is Investigated.
District Attorney Hopkins Accuses a
Woman Witness of Favoring
the Defendants.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 14.— The pre
liminary examination of Shepherd & Col
lum, the proprietors of the Woodland
Woolen Mill, accused of having caused
the destruction of the plant by fire in
order to cash a heavy insurance policy,
was resumed before Justice Lamton to
day. The burden of the testimony intro
duced was in support of the prosecution's
contention . that the two men had little
money invested in the mill and a small
stock on hand. Miss Watkins, the book
keeper for Shepherd & Collum, was shown
a copy of a statement of stock on hand on
January 11 and was asKed:
"How much were the proceeds from the
sale of merchandise at the time the
invoice was made?" ..."._ ._.,
"Thirteen thousand dollars," was her
reply.
"Including the expense account it
reached how much?"
"Sixteen thousand nine hundred and
six dollars.
"How much of this amount was invested
in the mill by the defendants?"
"1 do not know without referring to my
books." : y> y
"Miss Watkins," continued District At
torney Hopkins, "isn't it a fact that you
have already testified on two occasions
what amounts the defendants invested ? I
submit the question again ; how much did
they invest?"
"Shepherd invested $500 and Collum $400,
besides $600, the amount of the dye stuffs
purchased from Mr. Laugenour."
"As bookkeeper, what was the largest
sum on any single occasion you ever cred
ited?" {
"1 do not know."
"Was there ever entered $2000?"
"No, sir."
"One thousand dollars?"
"No."
"Five hundred dollars?"
"No."
"Three hundred dollars?"
"No. There were seldem any large
amounts of cash on hand."
District Attorney Hopkins caused a sen
sation by declaring that Miss Watkins was
unfriendly to the State. He said she had
told him at one time that if Shepherd &
Collum invested $7500 in the business her
books were in error to that extent. The
case went over until to-morrow.
dr. Mckenzie.
The world is on Its nerve just now. Every
one is getting nervous—nations and individ-
uals. You see it in the "Chewing-gum Craze
and in the Nerve Specifics." It is fortunate,
therefore, for mankind that the celebrated
Dr. McKenzie's Nerve Treatment can be had by
the rich or poor. This great Nerve Treatment
is not a simple nerve sedative or tonic, but is
really an elaborately prepared nerve treat-
ment, that will build, renew ana make over
old, worn-out nerves.
YOU CAN GET
Dr. McKenzie's Nerve Treatment at
Joy's Baldwin Pharmacy.
JQY'S Tidin S sof reasonable prices at
I i-kwjo Joy's may have reached you. If
JUY O. not, "Know thou then that
JQY'S Joy ' Baldwin Pharmacy is the
• « VJO . reasonable price drug concern
JUY O in this city." Why? Because it
JOY'S Pay t0 Sell 'at • reasonable
|Xw»o prices. Have you read of our
JVJY O combination prices? They still
JQY'S exist You can get them yet.
*lXv»0 Wnen you want something
JUY O which no other druggist has in
J O Y'S stock ' you will find il at "Joy's,"
I^wj^ Because our stock of drugs Is
J V O complete, and "what you get at
JQVT'Q Joy's is good."
JOY'S JOY'S
;{°Y;SBAIDWIN PHARMACY,
in\/JD Under Baldwin Hotel,
JOY Powell and Market Sts.
b NEW TO-DAY.
Samples
$ Wit
We want you to see and compare our
new importations of suitings for summer
wear — take samples home with you, test
i them and put them alongside samples
from other tailors whose prices are away
above ours.
For instance, we want you to see that
our suitings we make to your order for $10
are the superior of $13, $18 and $20 suits at
other tailors' ; that our $20 suits surpass
$30 and $35 suits elsewhere.
The latest patterns in Cheviots, Checks
and Mixed Grays; all the rage for sum-
mer; tailoring guaranteed to excel in every
point; prices, $10 to $.0, made to your
order.
COLUMBIAN
WOOLEN MILLS,
MARKET 54 I STREET.
BEWARE of firms imitating our name
and methods. Our only branch in S. F. is
at 211 Montgomery street.
CUR 3 , O f* 1 -_fj_rf-^Stf_yi-V^
©offtfSAße THE BEST®
ANDCH-rAPgsm ©
@£AkkAN9 BEGOrWIFiICgS, g)
©_ft^to^v&.Mf^vJu^ ®
4gh KOSaCSS-RUS6IR-T1 W-WHCn_H^T-0 * MMk
818-820 MARKET ST.
■_S9_-U* .->9_HH_fcW- - X
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CBBONIO
diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney trouble-, disorder*
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
j varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
I Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either moa
j or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry
■ bashfulness, failing memory and ail the distre-ts^
I Ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
ani permanently cured, Oonorrhcea, Gleet, Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease,
ilia, thoroughly and forever cured. v
WRITE your troubles if living away from to*
i city and advice will be given you free of charge.
Address F. L. sWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
__ Kan Francisco, oaL>
1 LIGHTNESS jS®M%m^
S STRENGTH fe^^^S^
_\ more in a bicycle? 2
© T_ere 'is more in the 2
Monarch _S. j
Monarch ££. j i
• 4 models. $80 and $100, fully' jroaranteed, ' For &
*§ children and adulu who want a lower price wheal _%
0 the Defiance is made in B models, (40, $30, $60, i'.i. Z
A Send for Monarch book. S
2 MONARCH CYCLE MFG. CO., $
0 .8 and 5 Front St., San Franclaco. qa ■
. . — , . — _ _«*,
.^___-_? Rra «V_B_^__
#ARNYS\
IS THE VERY REST ONE TO EXAMINE
A your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own invention
whose superiority has not been equaled. My an*
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to . p. it.
>BS»,OEWEV &co._«g»r~
a DEWEY fcCO."JB-«^r~
PATENTSb 3
'20MARK^^x5fSS-«^_
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.NA I.ITTEK.S, TH__
great Mexican , Remedy; kivo» liea-th -_-l
Strength to iii Sexual o«i__* ""«"• "«•
34
COCOS ISLAND'S
HIDDEN RICHES.
Futile Search of Stockton
Men for a Pirate
Cache.
ARE NOT YET DISMAYED
Believe They Will in Time
Find the Store of Buried
Doubloons.
ENRICHED BY THEIR QUEST.
Coffee Planted on the Island Will
Yield a Fortune to the Lucky
Concessionaires.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 14. — Jacob
Simon of this city, the proprietor of the
Columbia House, has received some good
news from the island of Cocos, about 350
miles off the coast of Costa Rica, in which
he and Captain Geisler are interested.
Several years ago Geisler learned that
millions of dollars in treasure was buried
on the island. Expeditions had been sent
before to discover the hiding-place of the
buried wealth, but Geisler secured a chart
from some source that purported to give
the location. He needed money to back
his enterprise, and so he managed to in
' terest Jacob Simon of this city, who is pos
sessed of considerable wealth and is a keen
business man. Simon fitted out an expe
dition here, and the schooner Hayseed
was secured for the trip. It was pro
visioned for a long voyage and a party of
Stockton men were selected to man it.
All were enthusiastic over the prospect of
securing the millions that were reported to
be buried on the island, and were willing
to brave any dangers to get the hidden
wealth.
The island was reached, but the expedi
tion did not prove to be a success, as the
treasure could not be located. The
schooner returned with its men after a
time, but Geisler still had faith in the ulti
mate success of his plans and so had
Simon. The island had rich soil upon it,
and Captain Geisler saw a chance to get
hold of it until such time as he could lo
cate the treasure that he was convinced
was hidden there. He made an offer to
the Costa Rican Government and obtained
a concession to farm the island for a long
term of years. He at once set about ar
ranging to colonize the island. Numbers
of Germans were brought from their na
tive land and put at work planting coffee.
This was three years ago, and yesterday
Simon received a letter from the island
telling him that the coffee was getting
ripe and that a good crop would be har
vested this year. This was very pleasing j
information to Simon, as it takes nearly I
five years for coffee to grow from the bean j
on the mainland.
Geisler has never given up the idea of
finding the buried doubloons. Some time
ago he learned that an old seaman in Bos
ton knew something of the spot where the
gold was supposed to be bidden. He went
at once to that city and found the man. A
new chart was made, indicating very
nearly the place where the money was
buried, and he hopes to locate it. Even if
the money is never found Simon and Geis
ler will make a fortune out of the island.
They are anxious to colonize it, and have
made a liberal offer for any who wish to
go there and who will cultivate the land.
Joseph Heine, one of the crew of the
Echooner Hayseed, is in the city and gives
a glowing account of the beauties of the
little island. It is only six miles across
and is nearly all high land. According to
Heine, the mercury on the warmest days
celdom registers above 90 degrees and at
night the temperature drops to 65 degrees.
The island is heavily wooded and there
are millions of birds upon it. The only
animals are the wild hogs, which are there
. in great numbers and are very vicious.
There are two little bays on the island-
Chatham Bay and Wafer Bay— and it was
in one of these that the party from the
Hayseed landed in 1898. They hunted for
six weeks without success, in one of the
places the water preventing them from
digging deeper than they did.
The treasure supposed to be hidden on
the island amounts to $60,000,000, accord
ing to the traditions handed down to
those who are now searching for it. It '
was in 1821 that it was supposed to have
been buried there by the pirates who
robbed the ship Relampago off Acapulco
and took the money that was being sent
from Mexico to Spain. Two Englishmen
named Thompson and Chapel, who were
of the pirate crew, made charts that were
handed down by them to the next genera
tion, and these are the ones that Captain
Geisler and Simon hope some day to
locate the money with.
WORTH T ALL THE PRAISE.
Report on the Final Trial of the Battle
ship Indiana.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.-The
«port of the Board of Naval Officers ap
pointed to conduct the final or efficiency
trial of the battleship Indiana has been re
ceived at the Navy Department. It shows
that the vessel is worthy of all the praise
that has been bestowed on her. Her hull,
engines, machinery and fittings were
found to be faultless. The trial took place
on the voyage between Port Royal, S. C,
and Norfolk, which the Indiana "made in
forty hours. Although run under natural
draught and with four boilers only, she
maintained an avarage speed of 13»X knots,
an excellent showing for a ship designed
to run 15 knots under the best conditions.
The horsepower developed was nearly
0000. There was very little roll, the maxi
mum being 20 degrees in a heavy cross-sea.
This trial completes the official testing of
the Indiana and the percentage of the con
tract price retained to insure any changes
or repairs for which the contractors might
he held accountable will now be paid to
the Messrs. Cramps.
Rank for Veterinary Surgeon*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 14.-The
House Military Committee to-day, after
some discussion, ordered a favorable re
port on the bill giving to veterinary sur
geons of the army the rank of second lieu
tenants of cavalry. It provides, however,
that the surgeons who are promoted shall
be graduates of veterinary colleges.
♦- «
For Maimed Veterans.
WASHINGTON, I). C, April 14.-The
Hoase Committee on Invalid Pensions
to-day ordered a favorable report on the
bill to adjust the pensions of maimed
Union soldiers and sailors of the Union
who served during the War of the Rebel
lion. The measure makes an average in
crease in the pensions of this class of
about $13 per month and creates a pension
for those who have lost a hand and foot.
CONDITION OF THE CROPS.
First Weekly Telegraph Report by the
Weather Bureau,
WASHINGTON, D. C, AgrU 14.—
Weather Bureau issued its first weekly
telegraphic crop report of the season to
day. Winter wheat is reported as in ex
cellent condition in Nebraska and Eastern
Kansas, and is much improved and look
ing well in lowa, Missouri, Arkansas, Ten
nessee and northern Illinois. v In some of
these States it has been badly winter
killed, and is generally in poor to fair con
dition. No corn has yet been planted
north of the Ohio River. In the Southern
States corn planting is practically com
pleted.
Missouri — Wheat much improved;
grasses starting nicely; oats coming up
well; corn-planting in progress.
Illinois— Winter wheat is in poor to fair
condition in central counties of the south
ern section ; elsewhere it is in good condi
tion and much improved by rains and
warmth. Oat-seeding mostly done; fruit
buds in profusion.
lowa— Generally favorable reports re
ceived from limited area wherein winter
wheat is growing.
North Dakota— seeding or planting
done yet.
South Dakota— progressing well
in southern counties, though little has
been done in northern portion.
Nebraska— Over 6 inches of rainfall in
several central counties. Oats mostly
sown. Plowing for corn in progress. Win
ter wheat growing rapidly and in excellent
condition.
Kansas — Wheat much improved.
Montana — Snow caused a suspension of
plowing and seeding, but will prove of
great value to ranges.
"Wyoming— Early crops are starting
nicely.
Idaho— Early sown wheat coming up
and looking fairly well.
Colorado— Heavy snow beneficial ; winter
wheat in good condition.
New Mexico Heavy snows of great bene
fit to stock ranges.
Arizona — Rain in southwest and snow
in northwest counties improved all crops.
Utah— Showers very beneficial; grain
looking well. «
Washington— Winter wheat has im
proved. Considerable hail. Earlier fruit
injured; later fruit not injured.
Oregon — Cold rains somewhat injurious.
Sheep shearing commenced.
California — Rains beneficial to grain,
grass and hay; apricots, almonds and
prunes were seriously injured by frosts.
TWO WARSHIPS WITHDRAWN,
Tiie San Francisco and Minneapolis
Leave Turkish Waters.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.—
of the three warships— the San Francisco
and Minneapolis— sent by the United
States to give protection to American in
terests in Turkey, have been withdrawn
from Turkish waters, leaving the cruiser
Marblehead to look out for the affairs of
the missionaries. The Minneapolis, to I
which Admiral Selfridge will change his
Sag, will go to Cronstadt in order that the
admiral and some of his officers may at
tend the coronation of the Czar. It is not
likely that they will return to America at
present, but will remain in the European
station, ready for any emergency that may
arise in Turkey.
Prevented a Performance.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.—
Hinrich Grand Opera Company, which
has entered on its second week's engage
ment in this city, yesterday suspended its
performance before the rising of the cur
tain to-night, owing to dis.ffections on
the part of the chorus and to other ob
stacles that temporarily inconvenienced
the management. A fine audience was
already seated, but the management was
unable to appease the disaffected employes.
The Venezuelan Commission.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 14.—
regular weekly meeting ofthe Venezuelan
boundary commission to-day was devoted
to the reading of the reports made by the
various members on the sub-topics to
which they were individually assigned.
No executive action was taken and the
question of sending a member or members
about to collect information was not dis
cussed. k-tr^BH
EXPLOSIONS IN A MINE.
Workmen Badly Burned by the Spread
ing Flames,
ILKESBARRE, Pa., April 14.— A
serious explosion of deadly mine gas oc
curred at the Woodward mine of the Del
aware, Lackawanna and Western Com
pany last night, whereby William Mor
gan, John Evans, Arthur Colightly, James
Lewis and William Powell were badly
burned.
Later a second explosion occurred, burn
ing the men who were engaged in fighting
the flames. Before the injured men could
realize what had happened they were
violently thrown in all directions. As
soon as they had recovered from the
shock they began to make their escape,
and on reaching the foot of the shaft gave
the signal and were hoisted as soon as
help could reach them. At 11 o'clock last
night the mine was still on fire, but it was
hoped it could be subdued within twenty
four hours.
Mine. Workers' Convention.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, April 14.— an
nual-- convention of the United Mine
workers of America opened, here to-day
with about 100 delegates present. The day
was spent mainly in preliminary work.
President Tobin of the National Boot and
Shoe Workers addressed the convention,
urging assistance in the boycott of Hard
ing & Tobin, shoe manufacturers of Roch
ester, N. Y. President Pennas' report was
encouraging. After Secretary Mcßryde's
report was presented the convention ad
journed until to-morrow in order to per
mit the committees to work.
Found a Big Gold Nugget.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, April 14.— A few
days ago, while working . in the Reid gold
mine, near Concord, in Cabarrusco County,
some workmen found a gold nugget
weighing 27 pounds. The nugget is irreg
ular in shape, but is solid. The owners
have refused an offer of $6000 for it. This
find is the second of the kind at this mine.
A very large nugget was found there many
years ago. by y"
Two Buildings Swept.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 14.— five
story building at 78 Grand street, which,
with an adjoining building at 33 Green
street, is occupied by C. A. Auffmordt &
Co., importers and agents for foreign dry
goods firms, was gutted by fire to-night.
Estimates of the total damage vary from
$20,000 to $750,000. The insurance on the
stock is nearly $100,000. • . -,
Caused by Combustion.
FAIRBURY, 111., April 14.—Spontane
ous combustion among the oils and paints
in the basement of Walter Bros.' general
merchandise store to-day caused a loss by
tire amounting to over $250,000. The fire
spread rapidly and nothing could be saved.
The heat was intense, and several people
were seriously injured. The insurance
was $100,000. v "-'
After George Taylor.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 14.— A
Deputy Sheriff .and posse this evening left
Carrollton, Mo., for Bogard, seven miles
north of there, where George -Taylor, the
condemned murderer who escaped from
prison Saturday night, has been located.
Onb Cold Aftkb Another will, with many
constitutions, securely establish the seeds of
Consumption In the system. Those In need of a
remedy. will find Dr. Juyne's Expectorant always
prompt, thorough and efficacious.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. APRIL 15, 1896.
POLITICS ON THE
PACIFIC COAST.
Washington Democrats Go
Upon Record for Free
Trade.
THE SATTSALITO STRIFE.
Candidates Are Still at War,
Though the Voters Have
Decided.
A SURPRISE AT PASADENA.
Several Straight Republicans Defeated
by the Candidates of th.
Citizens' Ticket.
TACOMA, Wash., April 14.— Demo- j
cratic State Convention to-night adopted
the follow ing platform :
Recognizing that honest men may differ on
questions of party policy and principle we
differ from the President upon the financial
question. We commend the administration of
President Cleveland as honest, able and fear
less, and we now reaffirm our unshaken con
fidence In the integrity, Americanism and
patriotism of the great chief magistrate of the
Nation. '-'■-
Wo believe in the Monroe doctrine, as in
terpreted by President Cleveland and his able
Secretary of State, Richard Olney. We de
mand the free and unlimited coinage of silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1, without waiting for the
intervention of any other nation.
The effort in the committee on resol v.
ions to have a plank inserted instructing
*the delegation to the National Convention
to vote for silver failed of passage after a
stormy three hours' committee session.
The election of delegates to the National
Democratic Convention at Chicago resulted
in the choice of H. C. Wallace, W. H.
White, Sol G. Simpson, J. E. Kenton, R.
C. McCloskey, Thomas Maloney, R. C.
Darling and J. F. Gerton. They were in
structed to work for a free-coinage plank
ana for candidates known to be in favor of
free coinage. Three of the number, how
ever, are known to be goldites.
CRUEL SAUSALITO VOTERS.
Why the Band Did Not Play After the
Votes Were Counted.
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 14.—
trouble in Sausalito is not yet ended by
any means. The encounter between Creed
and Brandes was the opening of hostilities.
Before the election Creed said that either
he or Brandes would have to get out of the
town or there would be trouble. Creed
Creed overwhelmingly defeated Brandes
at the polls, so either Brandes must take
leave or await developments.
Alfred Brandes is the night watchman
in Sausalito and John E. Creed is the
Marshal. The night watchman's remuner
ation is obtained by subscriptions from
the people on his route, and in view of the
recent troubles many of his customers, it
is said, are leaving him. Whether Creed
j intends to carry out his threat remains to
be seen, but the people of Sausalito who
know him say that he will.
Among the election stories going the
rounds is one on the Sausalito brass band.
It seems that Antone Lawrence, the day
before election, hired the band to play
when the result of the election was an
nounced.
Lawrence was confident of being elected
and so had made arrangements accord
ingly. Lawrence was defeatea by just
three votes. While the ballots were being
counted at the Town Hall the members of
the band were getting in trim to thunder
forth the strains of country music in honor
of Lawrence. Buttons were brightened,
the tiny lamps that the members wear in
their hats on dress occasions were refilled
and lighted, and never before had the
boys appeared so well.
At the risk of spoiling their uniforms
they were going out in the fog to play for
Lawrence. They assembled at their room
in the basement of a local hotel and waited
for the summons to march out and cele
brate. It never came. Fiedler had de
feated Lawrence by three votes.
31 RIC OP A. P OLITICS.
Representatives Named by Anti-Wolfley
Republicans.
PHO.NIX, Ariz., April 14.— That part
of the Republican party of Maricopa
County known as the anti-Wolfley faction
met in convention to-day and selected
twenty-five delegates to the Territorial
Convention, which will name six delegates
to St. Louis. The resolutions adopted
declare for the free coinage of silver, in
dorse Congressman Murphy's efforts to
secure statehood for Arizona and favor
liberal pensions to veterans. They favor
sending unpledged delegates to St, Louis,
instructed to support the man who will
favor giving Arizona statehood.
The young Republicans organized a club
last night, the age limit being 21 to 30
years. T. D. Bennett was elected presi
dent and George Kirkland secretary. The
membership of this club is about 100.
; : "' „---"-*■■■■■". '"■ __" .a.
A Surprise at Pasadena.
PASADENA, Cal., April 14.— The final
result of yesterday's vote in the municipal
election resulted in a mild surprise. The
Republicans elected the City Treasurer and
two Councilmen by a fair majority; the
Citizens won on City Clerk by a large
majority, one Councilman by 23 majority,
and Marshal by 15 votes. The Republicans
feel their defeat, but are practically vic
torious in the issues at stake. The City
Council is now composed of four straight
Republicans and one Prohibitionist.
Tacoma Election Aftermath,
TACOMA, Wash., April 14.— After an
all-day's tussle with alleged election frauds
and irregularities the Council this even
ing ordered the City Clerk to issue election
certificates to A. V. Fawcett for Mayor;
W. A. Sternberg, Treasurer, and E. V.
Benham, Controller. Fawcett was elected
by two majority.
Santa Monica* Election.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., April 14.— Five
hundred and eighty votes were polled yes
terday. The main fight was for Town
Trustees, "J. J. Carrillo, R. C. Gillis and
Moses tetter being elected. Charles S.
Dales was elected Clerk, George B. Dexter
Marshal and Eugene W. Boehme Treas
urer. . . ' ' - . .' -.;; ; - ■;
Sierra County Delegate*.
DOWNIEVTLLE, Cal., April 14.— The
Republican Central Committee of Sierra
County has elected the following delegates
to the Republican Convention to be held
at Sacramento on May 5: A. J. Meraux,
J. O. Jones, W. Donaldson, J. B. Irish and
A. S. Nichols.
Loa Gate* Winner*.
LOS GATOS, Cal., April 14.— The town
election yesterday resulted as follows:
Clerk, George A. Butler; Marshal and
Street Superintendent, M. E. Blank;
Treasurer, B. W. Pearce; Trustees— N.
Davis and B. S. Williams. '•"■"-.
SANTA CRUZ LABOR EXCHANGE.
It Purchase* a Grocery Store and Will
Operate a Sawmill.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 14.— That
the Labor Exchange Association means
business and is doing business is
no longer a . matter of speculation,
for yesterday Santa Cruz Branch No.
106 bought the stock of groceries, provis
ions and general merchandise of W. H.
Crowe at 12 Pacific avenue, and that gro
cery is now being conducted under labor
exchange methods.
The committee that has the mill propo
sition in hand has received all the neces
sary machinery and tools, and in a week
or so the sawmill near Soquel will be run
ning in full blast, with a force of from
thirty to fifty men. There is in the timber
tract owned by the exchange 169 acres, and
it is estimated it will produce from 3,000,
--000 to 5,000,000 feet of lumber.
The shipments will not depend upon
railroad transportation, as the port at
Capitola is as near to the sawmill as is the
railroad.
GRADING NEAR MERCED.
Valley Road Constructors Are Making
Rapid Progress.
MERCED, Cal., April 14.— Three large
grading outfits have passed through this
city within the past two days, bound for
the surveyed line of the Valley road
lying between Minturn and Madera and
beyond. v'y
They come from the completed work at
the Tuolumne River, and are the outfit of
the Grant Bros., which were used in grad
ing the road from Stockton out. Contrac
tor McDougald has a large force of laborers
at work throwing up the roadbed between
this city and the Merced River, and expects
to reach this point with the grade by the
first week in May. The distance from
Merced River to the depot site in this city
is about fourteen miles. Mr. McDougald
will have several miles of the road graded
by next Wednesday, when he will move
his camp from the river out onto the
plains. 'yy-Y'-
Santa Cruz Accident.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 14.—
Waterman was thrown from a buggy this
afternoon, receiving injuries which will
probably result in his death. Young
Waterman and Levi Hanna, son of the
late Captain Hanna, were riding in a buggy
on the Soquel road, near Arana Gulch.
The horse shied at a passing vehicle,
throwing the young men to the ground.
Waterman's head struck a post, fracturing
the skull.
Fresno's Electric Power.
FRESNO, Cal., April 14.— The pumps at
the city water works were to-day run by
electricity for the first time. The new
company, which is bringing the power
from the San Joaquin River, thirty-five
miles distant, has turned on the current.
A test was made several days ago with the
lights, and sinco then additional ma
chinery has been put in, and a 75-horse
power pump was to-day run as smoothly
as if it weighed but a few uoundt.
Town of Clauston Founded.
■ MODESTO, Cal., April 14.— The site for
a new town has been located on the line
of the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railroad. It is named Clauston, in
honor of Claus Spreckels, president of the
company. The town villi be founded on
land recently purchased jby Capitalists Has
lacher and Kahn of John Adams, five
miles northeast of Modesto.
Luck of a Tacoma Girl.
TACOMA, Wash., April 14. —It was
learned here to-day that Lady Bennett,
formerly MiasLenoraVan Marter.a Tacoma
girl, was presented at the British Court at
the drawing-room held by the Princess of
Wales recently. This was her debut into
English society. Both Lord and Lady
Bennett while here devoted themselves to
evangelistic work with great success.
DOGS AND FISHES.
A Valuable Canine Shot in the Presidio
Reservation— Bass From San Diego.
Fish Commissioner Babcock received a
letter yesterday from Deputy Al Wilson,
who Is at present located near the great
bass and pickerel lake in San Diego County
with his companion, Cross. Wilson says
that owing to the extreme cold weather of
the past week it was utterly impossible for
him to draw seines for bass. He arrived
at the lake on the 9th inst., in the midst
of a blinding snowstorm, and he imme
diately concluded that it would be very
unwise on his part to attempt the capture
j of bass and pickerel until such time as the
weather would permit. He is in hopes
that an opportunity will soon permit of
the capture of several fish which, on their
arrival in this City, will be transported to
Clear Lake, in Lake County.
A handsome fox-terrier, the property of
Mr. Martin, the manager of the Sharon
estate, was shot and- killed recently by a
soldier at the Presidio. Mr. Martin was
accompanied by his two favorite dogs
while taking a short walk near the military
reservation. Something attracted the at
tention of the canines, and they unfor
tunately ran within the line, so to speak,
and before their owner could reach them
a soldier leveled His rifle at one and fired.
The aim of the blue coat proved deadly,
and a. he was about to aim at the second
dog its owner interfered and some warm
exchanges of words followed. The soldier
informed Mr. Martin that he was carrying
out strict orders from General Graham
and was obeying a command.
Dog No. 2 was taken in charge and
turned over to the Poundkeeoer. This
should serve as a warning to the owners of
valuable dogs to steer clear of the Presidio
when out for a constitutional with their
canine charges.
The Fly-casters' Club met last evening
in the Flood building, Market street, and
discussed at length the advisability of
holding practice casting contests weekly
on Stow Lake or some water whore the
conditions are favorable for exercise and
sport. The club expects a large number of
entries for its summer tournament.
Entries for the Pacific Kennel Club's
bench show, which will be held next month
at the Pavilion, are being received, and
judging from the interest that is being
shown by fanciers in the show, success is
bound to crown the efforts of the mana
gers.
WIFE OF A PRESIDENT.
Mrs. George Q. Cannon a Visitor in Sun
Francisco.
Prominent in the congregation of Latter-
Day Saints at Pythian Castle on Sunday
afternoon was Mrs. Cannon, wife of Hon.
George Q.Cannon, one of the first presi
dents of the Mormon Church and formerly
Delegate to Congress from Utah, and
mother of United States Senator Frank J.
Cannon of that infant State. "Ibl b
She has been visiting her son, Hugh
Cannon, in Nevada, and since February
recuperating her health in Los Angeles.
She is spending a few days with ber old
friend, Mrs. Sophia King, at Alameda,
and will leave this week for her home in
Salt Lake City. !
Mrs. Cannon is a type of the Mormon
mothers in Israel. She is a small woman
of matronly figure and kindly face. There
is nothing special in her appearance to
distinguish her from the millions of good
wives and mothers in the land. But upon
those who come within the radius of her
personality she exerts the unconscious
magnetism of a forceful intelligence and
gentle nature. She is beloved by her peo
ple and is a veritable Lady Bountiful.
At their home, a rambling brie.: house
on the picturesque- "Cannon Farm," a
mile west of Salt i_ake City, President and
Mrs. Cannon disperse generous hospitality
to old and young. yy J
NORMAL SCHOOLS
OF CALIFORNIA.
Boards of Trustees Meet in
Joint Session at San
Jose.
PROGRESS OF TEE WORK
Encouraging Reports Submitted
by the Secretaries of the
Institutions.
MR. BUDD NAILS A CANARD.
The Governor Prove 3 That He Did Not
Speak Disparagingly of San
Jose Grounds.
SAN JOSE, 'CaI., April 14.— A joint
meeting of the boards of trustees of the
State Normal schools of this city, Los An
geles and Chico convened at the Normal
School in this city this morning. The
meeting was called to order by President
Henry French of the San Jose board. The
following members were present:
San Jose board— President Henry French of
! Ban Jose, Mrs. E. A. Wilson of Oakland, F. An
gell of Stanford and R. E. Wilhoit of Stockton.
Los Angeles board— A. S. Davidson of San
Bernardino. T. P. Lukeus of Pasadena and F.
A, Molyneaux of Pomona.
Chico board— President F. C. Lusk and John
Bidwell of Chico, F. H. Groely of Marysville
and N. P. Chipman of Red Blu'ft.
State Superintendent of Instruction S.
T. Black; E. T. Piece, secretary of the
Los Angeles board; R. F. Penned, secre
tary of the Chico board, and Miss Blasdel,
secretary of the San Jose board, were also
present.
The principals' reports were read and
thoroughly discussed. The recommenda
tions that the present text-books be con
tinued were adopted. It was decided to
leave it with the faculty at the several
schools and their Boards of Trustees to
use discretion as to the time limit for
graduates of high schools to complete the
course.
President Childs' report for the thirty
third year says the raising of the standard
of the school had the effect of increasing
the enrollment, which is now 710 in the
Normal department. This is attributed to
the fact that the grammar grade and high
school standards of the public schools
have been raised. He reviews the work of
the past year and concludes that the school
is in a splendid condition, the past year
being in many respects the best. It is
also shown that, according to statistics,
800 new teachers are needed annually in
California. Of this number, the Normal
schools furnish 225 and the rest are the re
sult of county examinations and immi
grations.
Secretary Robert F. Pennell's report of
the Chico school was of a very encourag
ing nature. It stated that the school was
doing a great work, for Northern Califor
nia and causing the demand for trained
teachers to continually increase.
Secretary E. T. Piece made an extenaed
report of the Los Angeles school. In his
review it appeared that the enrollment in
1894-95 was 475 and in 1895-96 498.
Governor Budd was present at the even
ing session of the joint board. The first
business was the selection of dates on
on which to hold the meetings of the
various local boards. The Los Angeles
meeting will be held May 27, Chico meet
ing June 2 and the San Jose meeting
June 25.
John Kid well of Chico, T. P. Lukensand
Henry French were appointed a commit
tee to suggest changes in the Normal
School laws. One suggestion decided upon
is that Normal School Trustees be put
upon the same footing as trustees of insane
asylums and penitentiaries in reference to
the allowance of expenses made in the
discbarge of duties in the service of the
State.
The interesting portion of the session '
was brought about in an informal way. It
having been reported that Professor Childs
had quoted Governor Budd as referring to
the San Jose Normal School grounds as
a ranch, toe Governor took occasion to ask
the professor when and where that state
ment had been made by him. After being
pinned down to the question, Professor
Childs replied that he did not remember
NEW TO-DAT.
fn health and that of their husbands.
// A man's physical well being is
* ' closely watched by a thoughtful wife.
* It is part of her duty in the world to
keep him well. If she sees him running
down, she should take measures to stop it.
Very few men enjoy being sick. They
won't admit even to themselves that they
are sick. They will go on losing flesh and
vitality working too hard — worrying too
hard taking little or no care of their
health. Maybe they need only a little help
to be made well. Maybe a good simple
tonic is all they require. Maybe it is some-
thing more serious. Whichever it is, it
should be attended to. When a man gets
really sick, his work stops. He can't tend
to business. He loses all he has previously
gained. Actual want may stare him in the
face. It doesn't pay to get sick, or to stay
sick. There's no need of doing either. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery will
prevent sickness. It is a blood helper and
a flesh builder. It restores perfect diges-
tion and insures perfect assimilation of
the food. It is a powerful enemy to germs
and will search them out in all parts of the
body, forcing their evacuation. It has
been proven by the written testimony of
hundreds of grateful people that the
"Golden Medical Discovery" will even
cure 98 per cent of all cases of consump-
tion if taken in its early stages.
A book of 160 pages containing testimo-
nials and much valuable health talk will
be sent en receipt of this notice and 6 cents
to cover . postage. World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
ever having heard the Governor make any
such reference.
The joint board adjourned to meet in
Los Angeles the second Friday in April of
1897. A reception tendered the board by
the faculty followed the meeting.
SANTA CRUZ ENCAMPMENT.
Commander-in-Chief Wilson and Family
'Will Attend.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 14.—Infor
mation was to-day received by Wallace
Reynolds Post, G. A. R., that Commander
in-Chief Wilson of the United States, who
resides at Minneapolis, Minn., would be
here during the State encampment, be
ginning on April 22. : yy'- : y
Commander Wilson will be accompanied
by his family and his aids-de-camp.
Preparations for the encampment are
about completed, and the Santa Cruz vet
erans expect to give their comrades a loyal
reception and royal entertainment. The
Women's Relief Corps and the Ladies' Cir
cle G. A. R. have been working with that
spirit that insures success in their efforts
to make the coming encampment a suc
cess. ■ ' ___________^ ■_■•_■_■_
JNO. MONAHAN,
412 Commercial Street.
As I live by the pen I must say that one
of the most pleasant and affable gentlemen
it has been my good fortune to meet po
litely gave me an interview yesterday.
His name is John Monahan and he is a
printer a printer known far and wide on
the Pacific Coast. People had told me of
Mr. Monahan, so that I had come prepared
to meet a good-natured man and was not
at all embarrassed when he smilingly told
me what he thought of California, her
products and her Sarsaparilla. Said he:
"On the subject of Sarsaparilla my opinion
is fixed. While I have no reason to know
or to say that other sarsaparillas are of no
value, 1 have every reason to know and to
say that Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is of
inestimable value, for not only have some
of my relatives used it, but I have actually
tried the Sarsaparilla and know its true
value. It is a delicate matter for one to
speak of the virtues of a proprietary rem
edy. Nevertheless, the truth stands in the
bright light of reason and overcomes deli
cate feelings, for the truth is mighty, and
the mighty truth is that Joy's Sarsaparilla
is made of California herbs and contains
no deleterious mineral poisons. I am
personally acquainted with a gentleman
who suffered from violent headaches, and
be suffered continuously, and perhaps
would have been Buffering now but that
he used the home remedy, Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. He recommends Joy's Vege
table Sarsaparilla, and so do I. It is a
very pleasing remedy for women because
it is not nasty to the taste and its effects
are pleasant. In the spring of the year,
when nature is at work renewing herself,
he who desires to renew and make rich
the blood can do no better than use the
home remedy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa
rilla."
As I left John Monahan, the printer, I
could not help but think what an abund
ance of philosophic humor he possessed.
HENRY TILLMAN.
¥ C YOU MENTION
IT THIS PAPER
We will send you FREE the
handsomest bicycle catalogue is-
sued this year. It tells you all
about the
BUILT LIKE A VVATCrP
Address WM. V. BRYAN,
Manager Pac. Coast Branch Sterling Cycle Work.
314 Post St., San Francisco.
A Page for Farmers.
A Page for Miners. I
A Household Department.
Weekly Review of the Fraternal
World.
Weekly Review of San Francisco
Markets.
Articles Descriptive of California
Towns. I
California, Pacific Coast,
Eastern and Foreign
Telegraphic News.
» — ♦ ■ a
.. - ALL FEATURES OF THE
Weekly Call
ISSUED to-day.
— _-*-. —
Better than a letter to send to your friends
in the East. Per annum, $1.50; per copy, 5 ets.
itT^o^ MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
|(f^#s t,on a French physician, will quickly euro you of all
!7v PV -R* ZS? & tlou of a famous French Physician, will quickly cure you of all n£
Ml\\ _• _ 7 \*\ ' X\ voua or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost _C_-3J_vf
fl \ o^\. T W-MV Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains i vSni I '^1
H >v r V Co-AbShod. It stops all losses by day or Sght.^ v^n^
H V \_____/ ress of discharge which If not cheeked leads toa^K h M_n.
H BEFORE aMB AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. crPl»__S__ c le-__se3 the live? t__J
H olrunt AND Mr- 1 fcH kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities. '^
_ CUPIDENE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
_J The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are tmnhi&d «-!fh
Proatatl . l«. CUPIDENE is the only known remedy to cure without an operation MOO te«HmJ?nC
als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a nermann _Vnr»
|-Xoa_*>x,sixforsS.oo,by mail, Send for rais circular and testimonials. permaneoteur *
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, CsJ. Forsale by
8800-.S' PHAKMACY, 119 Powell street.
b NEW TODAY. -A
C5-_
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY APRIL 21, 1896
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOOK,
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace HoteL
—
...
• Golden Gate Park Residence.
East line (No. 112) of Lyon, 125 feet north ot
Page st. A very . pretty residence of 9 rooms
and bath. Bay-windows; basement and attic.
Cement stone walk. One-half block from the
Golden Gate Park. . Examine this. Must be sold-
a rare opportu nlty. Lot 25 by 102 feet.
Elegant Mission Residence.
Southwest corner (No. 306) ' of San Jose aye.
and Twenty-fifth St.— near the Valencla-st. depot..
Elegant residence, with bay-windows; 10 rooms
and bath; brick foundation. Cement stone walk.
Choice neighborhood. Examine this for a home.
Large lot, 40 by 120 feet.
McAllister-Street Residence Lot.
South line of McAllister, 87:6 feet west of Pierce
street. This magnificent residence lot Is located
in the midst of splendid Improvements; street
bltumlnlzed; cement stone sidewalk; McAllister-
street cable. Lox 25x100 feet.
Castro Heights Residence.
North line, 982 Fifteenth, 72 fset east of Castro
street. Two-story residence of 9 rooms and bath;
stable, etc. ; just the place for an expressman or
drayman; Castro-street cable. Large lot, 48x115
feet.,'
Pleasant Home Near Market Street.
West line (No. 36) of Elgin Park, 139 feet north
of Ridley street, between Valencia snd Guerrero
! streets. Pretty home of 9 rooms and bath, con-
I servatory, laundry, etc.: brick foundation; new
I plumbing; house in fine condition; handsome gar-
! den; cement walk: examine this; Valencia cable.
, Lot 41x75, or 22x75 feel. Vacant lot, 22x75 feet.
Mission— Fifteenth -Street Residence.
North line. 824 Fifteenth, 280 feet west of San-
chez street. Fine residence of eight rooms and
bath. Street in fine condition. Stable on premises.
Examine this. Must oe sold. Large lot, 30 by 115
feet.
Mission Business Corner Lot.
Southeast corner of Twenty-fourth and Noe
streets. Elegant business corner: good business
j location. Twenty-fourth street bltumlnlzed; Noe
: street macadamized. Mission electric road. Large
! corner lot, 50 by 14 feeL
Fine Residence on Falcon Road*
South line of Falcon road, 200 feet northwest
from Copper alley. Eight rooms and bath: large
| unfinished basement; large outhouses; stable for
four horses. Elegant view. Owner going East.
Must be sold. San Francisco and San Mateo elec-
tric road. Lot 50 by 110 feet.
Mission Residence Lots.
North line of Twenty-fifth, 80 feet west of Noe
street. Three handsome residence lots. .Street
macadamized, sewered and sidewalked. Lots
fenced. Twenty-fourth street electric road. Lota
26:8 by 114 feet.
Mission Residence Lots.
South line of Twenty-first street, 203:7 west of
Church. An elegant marine view. Street graded,
I sewered and macadamized. Fan Francisco and
I San Mateo electric road. Lots 25:5 - by 114
feet.
Richmond Residence Lots.
East line of Boyce street, 400 feet north of Point
Lobos avenue, near Parker avenue. Two large
residence lots, near Geary-street cable. Any per-
son wanting a cheap lot for a home should examine
these. Large lots, 25 by 120 feet each.
JEASTOX, KLDRIDGE A CO.,
838 Market st. Auctioneers.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.00
SUITS made to order from $15.08
MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
«ft( TMK Bear IN THI STATS.
201 and 203 Kontgomerj St., cor. Bush
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St.
SAN FRAN CISCO.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1620
Fell Telephone "Pine" 2591.MR. SINK WON EASILY.
Pilotei Walter J Past the Wire
Ahead of the Other Gentle
men Riders.
THREE FAVORITES IN FRONT.
The Ladies Will Hold Sway TcDay.
William Pinkerton Finished in
Front of Sam Leake.
The management at Ingleside offered a
race for gentlemen riders at a mile as a
special feature of the day's racing-card. It
was a razzle dazzle sort of an affair and it
is to be hoped the next one will be run in
1901. Several ofthe young fellow, belong
ing to the select Blingum crowd were orig
inally carded to don the silk, but forjeome
unknown reason did not appear on the
scene, depriving the event of much inter
est. Of the five starters left in, Walter J,
with W. B. Sink Jr. in tne saddle, held
sway in the betting, backed down from 6
to 5t04 to ,i. Mr. Sink did not tarry with
bis mount, but took him out in front and
won all the way, with Monita, ridden by
Mr. Schwartz, an ordinary second. Ike
L, with Henry Forsland, the form-book
man, to do the piloting, opened a strong
second choice at 8 to 5, but receded down
to 2% to 1. Donathan's colt was taken so
far out of it from the jump that he never
had a chance, finishing a poor third.
Arno was well ridden by Mr. Skinner an d
could he have lasted would have been
dangerous, but the gelding tired very
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Oeventy-first day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter fleeting, 18P5-96. Ingleside
*-* Track, Tuesday, April 14, 1896. Weather fine. Track muddy.
lnslvx. Horse, age, weight.
I s '- i
I
S 4
>tr.
i Fin -
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
988 Japonic* 102 4
98S Carnation 102 3
957 ha Flecha 103 2
988 Imp. Alien 106 5
958 Canvasbaclt 104 9
Henry Grattan....lO6 8
9*B Big Chief 104 1 .'.
9MI Japan 104' 7
988 jßhaetia 102' 6
3 1 '-'5
11 1%
61 I 4lj
6h 6 6
4 1/2 5 3
8 V 3 7 i/ 3
'-' 1 3 h
5% ! a
9 9
2 4
1 h
3 l/S,
6 1
6
4 1
8
9
1 1 C'ochran
•-' 10 Plggott
3 V 2 jMacklin
4 6 Fell
5 1/2 ;O'Brlen
610 Bt-nron
7 : j B. Jones
8 iv, Johnson
9 ' W. Flynn
3
6-5
8
4
50
6
8
8
20
6-2
8-5
12
8
100
8
10
60
30
started with gate. Won handily. Winner, E. Corrigan's br. f., by Longfellow-Hattie Harris. Time,
1 1 '4.
"I AT J SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; selling;
J-V/X i. and up: purse $400.
;" three-year-olds
Index, j Horse, age, weight. St. I V* | Vi j s -i I Btr. I Fin.
099 |Kamsin,3 95 1 ' ,-i 1 114, 23 12
1010 |Moba!asKa,3... .90 6 114 23 | 11 26
971 j Yankee Doodle, 3. ft" 2 4 1 31 i 3Vn 31,4
ti(7 I All Over, 4 108 6 21 .. 4', 4 4 44
952 j Fred Gardner, 5.. 109 4 6'" 64 '63 I 5 14
1007 iGallant, 4 106 S I .">!.> 6 6 6 '"
Betting.
Op. Cl.
9 3 1 2 Cochran
! 1 1 12 6 C. slaughter.... 1
S 3Va ; S% iT Sloan j
; 44 ,44 Shields I
6 3 I 5V2 Mclntyre I
6 6 Macklin
8-5
8-5
3
8
60
i 15
1
6-2
4
40
200
15
Startme-patf used. Won easily.
Winner, I . Kzell's b. c, by B'.azes-Miss Hall. Time, 1:17.
101 r ) TIIIRD RA t'K— **our furlongs; two-year-olds; conditions; allowances; purse $400.
: 1 1
Index. I Horse, weight. St. jV* j i/ a j s /i str. Fin. Jockeys.
»? !K leur de Lis 108 ~ 11 IVz ~TT~ Shields
995 ! Pun boy 101 2 2 J> 3 36 2 2 K. Jones „
938 .Dura ll'B 6 74 53 3h T.Sloan
988 l« ast " s -- ■• 101 3 34 22 43 if. Slaughter.".
962 Srarb>.ro:uh 11l f> ; M 41 56 Beauchamp
•V.\X^ ! Joe man 104 9 81 7 6Mi Cochran..... ...
1000 The Roman 99 7 6% 8 7% W. Flynn ..
903 | senator Morgan.. 101 i 8 9 9 | 820 H.Martin. YYY.
1000 Cyrus King 11l 4 | j 4% 63 '9 McHugh
Horse, weight.
1
10
9-2
! 10
8
8
! 40
I SO
! 30
BettlDg.
Op. cl .
7-10
30
8-2
10
12
60
60
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, El Primero
ac, :50y 2 .
t. ,
1 (Jl li FOL'RTH RACE— Six furlongs: three-year-olds and upward; handicap; purse $400.
Index. I Horse, age, weight. |
Index. j Horse, age, weight. | st.l hi \ Vi : 3 /i 1 Str. Fin.
(986) Wm. Plnkerton, 394 2 4 5 3U 2V, Tl
991 Sntni/-»Ke.:i....100 4 l 3 1 45" 4 2h
PBO Montallade, 3 SO 3 1 ! 11 11 12 34
986 |lp. Sni,ta 8e11a,3.101 5 2h 2 1 3 1 4 3
(1006)!Adlph3preckelg.3 90 1 .•... 5 5 6 5
Jockeys.
llHlini.
op. a.
r. Slaughter.... 4
;Piu'Cott 4
Mclntyre 20
IT. Sloan 5-2
Cochran | 2
4
16
50
7-2
9-5
starting-gate used. Won cleverly. Winner, 8. C Hildreth's eh. g., by Shannon-Fannle Lewis.
"I AT " FIFTH KACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; allowance; purse $400.
Index. Home, age, weight.
.-'.
V* I ¥a A
11 ~2 11
4 > 3 4 alO
2 1 ' 2 In 3 10
3 1 I 4 4
Betting.
Op. Cl.
991 !lpMlssßrumme'.3 97! 4
1006 ! service, a 118 3
989 Tobey, 4 .... 94 2
997 I Lncrezia Borgia,3 S5 l 1
1 v 2
2 20
3 10
4
1 ° '
a 20
3 10 :
4
'T. Sloan '
:
|E. Jones
iJ. Ward i
! 6-5
4-5
10
30
7-6
3-5
20
60
.^-artine-gate used. Woneasilr. Winner, W. OB. Macdonoush's imp. eh f.. by
Mirage. Time, 1:45 i, 4 .
101 8 SIXTH RACE— One mile; gentlemen riders; puree ?400.
Index. Ilors*. age, weight. fc'-
Vi
Betttne.
I Op. a.
896 iWeltPr J. 3 134 4 11., 12
977 IMonita, 5 150 3 . 32" 2h
983 Ike L, 4 149 1 5 6 4 1
1009 Arno. 4 146 1 '.' i/ 2 36
967 'Nellie G. a 148 2 4 4 5
1 4
2 10
4 n
3 3
5
! 14
28
4 20
3 2
5
14 I
2 5
3 2
4 25
6
Sink Jr (6-5
[Schwartz I 3
Forsland 2
Skinner j 4
Stern 20
4-5
7-2
6-2
20
30
tar;^ d ) 1 * ate - w on easily. Winner, F. McDermou's b. c, by imp. True Brltton-Nellie B.
] "THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day** Entries at Ingleside Track.
Jr res where the horses have no record a; the distance to be run the records at tha next nearer
-It'.io are given.
jlbbrevißtions— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; ... furlong; «, about.
riBST KACE— Six furlongs; selling.
nd'i. '
Name.
i Best ;
Lbs record, j
I Dißt.
Lbs Tk.
1003 Perhaps 95 1 : 1 3 1 *6 f ; 110 F... .Alma Dale stable . ' Kosdusco-May Vilev
(9«9) The Judge 11 l:17i/ 4 6f 109 H.. Z. Abraham" . : IplovaMst-Brltlsh Queen
P9B -n Marco 98 1:16% «f 117 F... L. Dunne....! . " jlp st BUlse-Hound Dance
891 Repeater 107 1:16% Bf 94 F... j. iirennock ... ' Rapture-VentuMa
1007 <rhni:z 113 1:17 6f 105 H..C. F. Sanders.:... ] ■ PanlquTllllS
ICO9 Alvero ' 95 1:0514 5f 105 H.. Santa Anita stable. Gano-Ullita
9-2 Tim Murphy.... 109 1:14 : 6f 111 F... While & Clarke.... Imp Kvrle Dalv-Mairela R
538 NicNac 93 1:07 6% f 89 F... BurnsdWaterhouse Take Not lce-pfcnic
3017 Tooey 107 1:10 ! 5V2 f 100 Fa. W. G. Hinton.. Imp Greenback-Una
1009 ! Ida Saner. 104 1:19 *6 f 100 H.. O. 8e11.... Joe Hook.-rTc-die O*Vell
(998) Meadow Lars.. iO6ll:16 I fit 109 F... Elm wood nock frm Imp Bnnus-Nabeua
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth nilies: handicap.
I
iDdPX. ;
Name.
Lbs
I Be*,
record.
Lbs Tk.
Pedigree.
1004 logan ](ir> l:40V 2 lm ;119F... A. Shields ' VoltiiriiPr Pert "
THIRD RACE— One mile: si-lling; non--,vinners since December 1, 1895.
I I I'.ert I
ln()»x.! Name. Lbs! record. ! T>l«. I-b»
»^^____« - ™™ — _ __^_ j ■ i
921 jConchita ! 95 no rec
956 iCapt. spencer... 101 1
991 Boeder 104 1:161,4 6f 112
906 'landlord '104 no rec. ! . ... I
M 8 .M>l P 10. 1 ) 1:011/4 6f 10 l )
884 <J>lttle Bob 97 1:42^4 lm BO
1001 Fi Fl ■ 97 1:29«54| 7f 9s!
953 tn. Ie Giles 106' 1:42 1 m 107
IMiis Gardner... 105 j
P94 lAllfmoke 98
«73 Monterey IOOj 1 :1334i*6 f 103
942 Jim Corbetu.... lOll :143,4 i*6f !IOS
994 jDon<H-iar 103il:4'J3 4 i lm 95!
777 jVeidette loo'norec.i '
Index.!
Name.
I'.ert
I.hs n-cord.
Tk. *
Owner.
....il.one stable
McC'iilough&f'lemß
V .. \\. swift
.... J. Kobbins .'.'.
F.. n. l'acheco j
F. . Davenport stable. . .
!■ .. S. I>. Merriweather.
F.. Nevada stable
"I! L. 'steVilVe'iisi! '.!!!"" !
F.. J. O. Barley
F.. W. H. 80w'0n. ...
X . UmivoiKl (ilk farm.
\ V'ici stable-
Imp. Friar Tuck- Pink
Bramble- Daisy Hooy
Imp. Harebm-Mura
Longfellow-imp. Manzanita
1 I life Cheers-Dairy Maid
Surinam-Daisy S
H Id alco- Veracity
KlKioKey HetleHumphrey
i m p. Kilk Gown-Ordnance "
Ilidaljto-Gien Ellen
Wildidle-Rachael
Imp. Brutus-Bessie
Vici-Lucy Long
JOIRTH Rack— One and three-sixteenth miles: Bva&nrales;
1
IwJex.
Name.
I i Best I
I.b^ Kecord Dist.
I.bh Tk.
985 ,Bpl!rln«er 160|2:07 1 1 8 m 149F.. F. M. Taylor . . ..
l'» 05 >ir Keel 15212:35 is 8 m 141 11.. Almona stable i
J'H. 1 ) .(.•ontentmeut... 140 I :sBVii 1 l-lGm\ 12S Fa. K. Corrigan
649 Col. \VpiKtitmac:l3B:S:o2 1 >. a 111 1126 H.. A. G. Blakeley i
M'-rance 1134 2:49 iv a m 124' f..T. A. Tohln I
846 .Arundel 184! no rec Floodmore stable ..
11 "■• isiirt-rodo 134'2^)a% 1 1 1-Wm 130 11.. E. Corrluan
IUOS iTeniplemore.... 127 J:2J l^D 140K..J. Btenoek
jTroubador-Bosque Belle
I Alia- Dizzy Blonde
Itavor-lmp. Sally II
WrtrHlow-Lessio P
jAlta-Mother llubbard
juiike Norfolk-Klaine
i Riuberford-Josie C
[Tom OcliiUre».sadie E
FIRTH hack- FlTe fmKnga; selling.
, . Kesi i
Index. Name. Lbs record. • Dlst.
(UilSi'Wm. I'uikerton. »o!l:O2V<F ~s~f
(974) Ncl/wn 104 1 :00 V* 5f
998 ; Claud Hill i ;oav4 5f
1010 j Ueorge Miller... 115 1:08 V* 514 t
(9«0) 1^ Mascota 184 1 iuj *6f
(1014) Karusln i 96 1:14% 8f
Montgomery.... 100 1
Alpine 111',... . "! )-;*.*■;*"
Name.
! Best i
Lbs j record. Dist. Lbs
109 P.. S. C. Hildreth '
113 X . . Davenport stable. . . :
90 F.. C. K. Jlurray ,
11J r.; V.L stanfleld j
102 F.. ij. O. Follaual>ee....:
94 F..:i>. Kr.e!l !
1 i HunißAWaterhouse!
... |....|Vkd stable '
Tk.
'Sbnnnon-Fannip Lewis
Duke Norfolk-Neiison
Imp. Deceiver-Useful
Loftin-Emma -
■ Imp. San Simeon-Maria F
: Blazes-Miss Hall
Hanover-BK-sslcg
'Little Alp- Dolly .
HlX'lH RAO.- Five furlongs: luats.
Name.
R<st
l.bs record.
Lbs
829 JLevenaC. 96!l:013i st
1001 Pcrseuf Bt>|l:3ti I 7f
1003 Tonino 86'1:09i/ 2 ! 51/, *
»57 Unvllle 98ll:15i| 6f
1011 Dungarven 101il:09Vi 6iA f
970 Road Warmer.. 83 1:01 5f
(1007) Olive 102 1:151.1 6f
9H9 Bug 98 1:008/* 6f
989 p'Fleeta i 98 1:09 , 5y 3 t
98 £" I). A. HoniK —iA--- Ansel-Miss Goodrich
96 11.. Cambridge stable.. Imp. King (iHllon-Nanka
86 Fa |S C. llildreth ;J. H. Kenton*li«ie B *"
103 r.. Musto&Kuyz Warwlck-shasta
MM v a ' '{I 1 S5 el Vi"— * Hindoo-imp. Calpbiimla
108 F... B.Edsall... Frank Rhoades-Belle
99 F... E.Corrlgan Apache-
-105 '£"• J. Homer. Pittsburg-Mollle
108 F... J.M. Buckley Harry O'Falian-FieeU
badly the last part of the trip. Mr. Stein
abstracted not a little speed out of the
remaining starter, Nellie G, at the com
mencement, but she, too, grew very leg
weary. _ .
The going was a trifle slippery, which
tended to upset the calculations of the
form players and handicappers somewhat.
The lirst choices fared very well, though,
capturing three of the six events.
The opening six-furlong dash was taken
by Japonica, a full sister to the trood per
former. Joe Murphy. Backed down from
4to 2 1 *,' to 1, she disposed of the 9-to-5
favorite. Carnation, throuph the stretch
and won with little to spare by a length.
The "Over the- Mountain" handicap,
simmered down to a six-furlong selling
affair, proved a gift for the even money
favorite, Kamsin, who won in a gallop,
with the second choice, Mobalaska, finish
ing in the place.
! Nine started in the four-furlong scram
[ ble for .-year-olds, with the El Primero
I stable's fast brown filly, Fleur de Lis.
| gome to the post the warmest kind of a
: choice, backed from evens down to 7 to 10.
j She was off in front when the barrier was
I raised, and passed the wire a handy win
! ner, three lengths before the 40 to 1 shot
■ Dnnboy ridden by Jones. Dura came last
at the end, finishing a good third.
Tnero were but live starters in the six
j furlong handicap. Adolph SprecKels com
manded first call in the betting, but the
going evidently did not suit him, for he
| ran unplaced. Montallade, a4oto 1 out
i sider, led until well into the stretch, when
! he was passed by both William Tinkerton
! and Sam Leake. The former, who, con
! trary to his usual custom, came from the
! rear, beat Sam Leake out a couple of
! lengths. *■ : ' ;
Old Service was played for a "moral in
the mile selling run, a barrel of coin eoing
into the books on his chances at 4to 5,
which price was finally rubbed to 13 to 20.
The 6 to 5 second choice imp. Miss Brum
mel outfooted him from the start, heading
him out at the wire by two lengths. Tobey
was a poor third.
Track and Paddock Items.
As customary, the gate at Ingleside is
free to the fair sex to-day. The manage
ment has prepared an especially attractiv c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15. 1896.
card, and as it is the closing day of the
two weeks' meeting, a big crowd wiil be in
attendance. It will be the last opportu
nity afforded of seeing many of the East
ern racers contest, for many of the big sta
bles leave for the East at the conclusion of
the meeting. . y ; ..v;.
CHRISTIAN CYCLERS.
They Reorganize the Old Y. M. C. A.
Bicycle Club as the Triangle
Club.
Bicycles and bicyclers took up quarters
in the Y. M. C. A. building last night.
The former, of various brands and degrees
of merit, were mounted on stands in the
lecture hall ana amusement room for
the admiration of the latter, who, arrayed
in knickerbockers and sweaters or in fault
less evening costume, promenaded up and
down both apartments discoursing learn
edly on the relative excellences of the
rival wheels. There were bicycles for men
and for women, single tandem and triple
or quadruple, painted, gilded or polished
as the several manufacturers might choose,
and the machines made a very tine display.
At 8:30 o'clock in the evening the cyclers
and their guests assembled in the banquet
hall, where full justice was done to an
elaborate dinner menu. When the coffee
was brought on. C. F. Stewart, president
of the old Y. M. C. A. Bicycle Club, an
nounced that th. club would be reorgan
ized under the name of the Triangle Club,
and that the charter would be left open for
signatures. Dr. J. A. Kuykendall, cap
tain of the club, also made a brief address,
and Dr. A. N. Couture, Frank Hancock
and Robert Cranston gave several songs
and dramatic selections. The Rev. H. L.
Dietz and General Secretary McCoy also
spoke, and a number of new members
signed the charter roll.
SHORT IN HIS ACCOUNTS.
Thomas S. Atherstone Is Ar
rested for Felony Embezzle
ment.
He Has Been Head Bookkeeper for the
Singer Sewing Machine Company
for Twenty-Five Years.
"W. B. Fry, Pacific Coast agent for the
Singer Sewing Machine Company, swore
out a warrant in Judge Low's court last
Friday for the arrest of Thomas S. Ather
stone, the head bookkeeper, on a charge of
felony embezzlement.
At the request of the police Judge Low
kept the complaint in his pocket and re
fused to give any information about it.
Detective Ross Whittaker was detailed on
the case, and with the assistance of De
tective Holland of Oakland located Ather
stone at his residence in Oakland yester
day morning and arrested him. Last
night he was booked at the City Prison.
Atherstone has been in the employment
of the company for the past twenty-five
years. He is a man of family and has al
ways borne a good reputation in the com
munity. A few days aero he wrote to Fry
that be was short in his accounts, but he
would make good the deficiency as soon as
he could. He went to Tehama County to
visit some friends and returned home on
Monday night. He at once went to Fry's
residence to make arrangements as to pay
ing up the deficiency. Tbey talked the
matter over, and it was soon arranged that
Atherstone should aeain see Fry jester
day morning. He did so and Fry agreed
to meet him later in the day.
When Atherstone returned to his resi
dence from his visit to Fry the detectives
were waiting for him and placed him un
der arrest. Fry learned of the arrest and
hurried to the City Hall with Attorney
Husted. At his request Judge Low re
duced Atherstone's bonds from $5000 to
$1000. and later agreed to release him on
his own recognizance.
It was against Fry's own judgment that
Atherstone was arrested, but he had to
obey his instructions from the head office
of the company. The amount charged as
being embezzled in the complaint is $400,
but what the total deficiency will amount
to is not yet known. Whatever it is Ath
erstone says he will make it good.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Entries and Handicaps for the Liberty
Club's Road Race.
The Liberty Cycling Club will hold a
five-mile handicap road race over the
course from San Mateo to San Carlos Sun
day, April 19. Tne road there is said to
be in splendid condition, which was evi
denced by the remarkably fast time made
over it in the relay race' last Sunday. The
entrants and their handicaps are as fol
lows :
H. Goertzhain, 2 minutes; F. Irelan, 2;
J. Holle, 1:50; G. Thackeray, 1:50; C. H.
Parks, 1:40; F. Koch, 1:30; R. P. Waite,
1:30; T. White, 1:30; P. Nanson, 1; C.
Kinnear, 1; R. McLean, :30; C. Guil
fuss, :30; H. Wahnig and F. R. Haley,
scratch,
There will be eight place prizes and two
time prizes. Captain Beattie has called a
run of the other members of the club to
witness the event. The start will be
promptly at 2 o'clock, at San Mateo.
The Camera Club Cyclists will have
their oft-posiponed run to San Jose next
Sunday, leaving here at 9 o'clock, lunch
ing at Redwood. City and returning by
train. The roads are now in excellent
condition, hard-surfaced and with no dust.
Captain Argenti assures a slow pace, so
that all the members will arrive at their
destination comfortably. There will prob
ably be a number of ladies on the trip.
On May 7 and 8, during the Healdsburg
flower festival, cycle races will be held
there on the new three-lap track in Luce's
Park, which is a splendid racing circuit.
Entry blanks will soon be out, and follow
ing the Fabiola and Santa Rosa festivals
the races will probably be well entered and
a great attraction.
The construction [of the six-lap board
track in Central Park is to be commenced
in a few days, and the track will be com
pleted and ready for training purposes be
fore the end of this month.
H. E. McCrea and Emil Ulbricht, the
two Loa Angeles members of the Bay City
Wheelmen who made such creditable
showings in the relay race Sunday, will go
south this morning, stopping at Santa Bar
bara to compete in the races at the flower
festival there this week. Theyjhave been
royally entertained by the Bay Citys while
here. As both will probably be in the pro
fessional class shortly, they will not be
able to compete in another relay, as it is
open only to amateurs.
The third annual "old men's run" of the
Reliance Club Wheelmen of Oakland will
take place next Sunday, the start being
from the foot of Broadway at 9a. m.,
thence by special tug to Sausalito, wheel
ing from there to Point Bonita. After vis
iting -the lighthouse and enjoying lunch
the party will wheel back to Sausalito, and
the tug will then be utilized for a trip
around the bay. Many prominent San
Francisco wheelmen have been Invited.
The run will be directed by E. B. Jerome
and George H. Strong. '•-';-"-. -.-
l'er.n-ylvania Replies.
BERKELEY.. i al., April Manager
Friend of the U. C. track team received a
dispatch from Captain Orton of the Penn
sylvania team to-day stating that they
would meet the CaliJornians at Philadel
phia on June 3. '^yyy'Yy
A few days ago a Wilmington (Del.)
woman received a little box by mail, in
which was a ' watch and chain that were
stolen from her twelve years ago. It was
sent, it is thought, by the thief.
• » •— -
Got any ear or tooth ache in yours T Mitchell's
Magic Lotion will surprise you. »
WHALES OF MONTEREY.
Dr. Ord Says the Leviathans
Are There in Wonderful
Numbers.
GRAY, FINBACK AND SPERM.
Formerly Rubbed Away the Barna
cles and Other Parasites— Some
History Corrected.
Dr. J. L. Ord of Monterey and Santa
Barbara, who probably knows more rela
tive to the early history of California than
any other American living, is at the Occi
dental. He is a large man, with a full,
florid face, and hair and mustache as white
as the driven snow. In every way he is a
striking man, and his reminiscenses are
as interesting as many a novel.
. He says that whales are very numerous
Dr. J. L. Ord of the Famous Ship Lexington Gives His Views on the Whales of
Monterey Bay and the Unreliability of History.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
in Monterey Bay now. It is very unusual
for so many of tnem to be there.
"I arrived at Monterey in January,
1847," said the gentleman, yesterday, "on
the United States ship Lexington. I came
with Company F, Third Artilierv, after
ward the crack regiment of the Mexican
War. General Hal leek was in command,
my brother, E. O. C. Ord, first lieutenant,
and I myself was surgeon. My brother, as
is now well known historically, afterward
became general. lam now the only officer
of the ship who is alive.
"It astonishes me the way many people
make history in California. Half the his
tory we have isn't true. Those stage
drivers down on my part of the coast say
anything and everything, and it is taken
for truth and put down in writing by men
who ought to know better. They could
get the facts if they would go to the per
sons who really knew what they were. "
"I have noticed a great many of those
mistakes in history. For instance, as to
the pulling down of the Mexican flag at
Monterey. The Mexican flag used at tne
Custom-house by the Mexican authorities
was not the one that was burned.
"Pablo de la Guerera was the Custom
house officer at the time. He took the
flag down and gave it to his sister, Mrs.
Jimeno, and she hid it. Afterward De la
Guerera became a State Senator and Dis
trict Judge at Santa Barbara, and finally
Lieutenant-Governor.
"The Lieutenant-Governor was the son
of Jose de la Guerera of Santa Barbara,
whose house was built in 1804. 1 have
learned that an English priest was sent
out here to sound the people and see if
they would not be willing to come under
the protection of England. They told him
no, they vastly preferred the Americans.
"From 1848 to ' 1849 I lived in Santa
Barbara, when I came back to Monterey.
The war was over and we disbanded. I
have lived off and on at Santa Barbara
and Monterey since then. I also Jived
for a while in Arizona, and for two and a
half years, from 1871 to 1873, I was Consul-
General to Mexico.
"I had studied Latin and French, and
when I arrived here i easily mastered the
Spanish language. It has* been very use
ful to me. I have a 3000-acre ranch in
Santa Barbara County, the fourth of an
old Spanish grant, where I spend a good
deal of my time. I have two sons-in-law,
both in the army. One is Captain Robert
Read of tbe Tenth Cavalry, Fort Custer,
Mont., and the other is Captain J. H.
Peshin, military attache at the court of
Spain at Madrid. ;b
"There is a large number of whales in
the Monterey Bay. It reminds me some
what of the .old days. There are two
kinds, the gray and the finback:. Now and
then you see a sperm whale. It was once
a great place for whales. I have seen two
or three at a time rolling on the beach.
They were so plentiful that they knocKed
all the barnacles and other parasites off."
The doctor will leave fur his ranch at
Santa Barbara in a day or two.
HE USED A BELT.
Warrant Out for the Arrest of Ex-
Policeman Greeley for Beating
Mis' Wife.
John Greeley, an ex-policeman, living at
210 Church street, and his wife got on a
drunk together on Monday night. They
were both arrested and taken to the Seven
teenth-street station. When Mrs. Greeley
awoke yesterday morning her face was
bruised and swollen, and tier eyes were
blackened. She went before Judge Low
and swore out a warrant for Greeley's ar
rest on the charge of battery. She said he
had beaten her with his police belt, using
the end with : the buckle. She was' in a
highly excited state, and her voice woke
the echoes in the courtroom as she recited
her woes to the Judge. Greeley could not
be found up to last night. The couple have
three children, and the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children will en
deavor to get control of them. ■■■- .:•' .
Mrs. Mary McMorrow, a neighbor of the
Greeleys, who had her door smashed in
by Greeley on Monday night, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Officers Holbrook
and McMurray of the Society for the Pre
! vention of Cruelty to Children on the charge
of cruelty to her little girl, who was sent
to the Children's Hospital. She is a suf
ferer from spasms.
FRENCH UNION.
Entertainment That Reflected Credit
on the' Participant*.
The Young Girls' Society gatnered tinder
the auspices ofthe French Christian Union
of California and gave a most interesting
social at its headquarters on Clay street
Sunday evening.
The programme comprised recitations
in French and English, vocal ana instru
mental music and a one-act play in
French, expressly composed for the young
girls' schools, the whole being carried off
with great spirit by the young girls, who
showed great natural talent, considering
they are all self-supporting and therefore
have but little time to give to the prepara
tion of so full a programme.
Mile. Aegerber, their president, is an
authoress and read admirably a poem of her
own, introducing the work of their society
in the most poetical manner. She sus
tained the principal role in the little play,
representing a young nursery maid pos
sessed with the versifying passion. She
was very ably supported by Miles. Vasseur,
Donze, Kogalle, Key and little 10-year-old
Adele Vercoutere. A young missionary
teacher from Papeete, who recently came
to this City, recited in French, sang in
Tahitian dialect and wore the costume of
the natives— very effectively. With Miles.
S<^e]i, Brison, Gardner, Winteler and
Wright, who recited and sang and played
the piano in a charming manner, the two
hours given to the programme were found
too short by all present.
' NEW TO-DAT.
No, $15 is not the lowest
price you can buy a metal
bed for. You can buy one
for $14 and $11 and $8 75 —
here is the place to stop.
If you pay less than that
you will waste your money.
This one has plenty of brass— knobs, collars and
top-rails— not skimpy brass, either; thick, heavy-
brass: hollow, of course (to make them light).
Curved foot-rails don't get in the way of the bed-
clothes; heavy posts. : ';*.,." y-;,^
Made by Adams & West-
lake; that means made right.
Sold by California Furniture
Company; that means sold
right.
White enamel and brass, $15.
Aluminum finish and brass, $16 50.
We have cheaper beds —
not so good; we have costlier
beds —no better ; prettier,
that's all. .•■;.■■/
Carpets. Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N.P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
Pfe>^>ICYGLES
s—rffflJTl^. *_ First <_*_» Per
»|i ?5 p *y'* T* 2 Week
/sg||uj? Do You Want
■Any- Better
C5^S^W Evidence of
/^JPt Our Faith in
'^mm> theWaverley?
Catalog and Application Blank Free
This offer applies only to residents of San
Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda.
Oakland Agency
17th St. & San Pablo Aye., Reliance Bldg.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
18 & 20 McAllister St., San Francisco
OPEN EVENINGS __
.------^_^ -,-.-■-_-,- NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
| ON SALE |
§= We will reward the early callers 3
|| with our usual semi=weekly list of bar= 3
IE gains. The prices hold good only until =_|
H the NOON HOUR. Some particularly 3
i§E fine values in to-day's list. 3
SE Evening Silks, Fancy Wash Crepes, 3
P 65c Yard. , 10c Yard. 3
' The most fetching styles in one <>* the new effects in this r^
I dainty self-colored brocades in season's wash goods— a favorite __**
!ZZ light tints, such as pink, light for waist and gown making— — «
_^Z blue, nile, violet and cream, also raised crepon effects printed in __3
»-- daintily painted floral and Dres- the most weird and fascinating 3
5-^ den effects on light --rounds, designs, mostly all in medium _^
Every one of them reduced from an d dark colors. Reduced from —_»
!2^ our regular $1 25 and $1 lines. 15 c a yard. =^
§E Cashmere Checks, Infants' Embroidered 3
25c Yard. Cloaks at 98c Each. 2|
fc— _.  -, -- , ., A closine-out of our odds and "2
Double- fold shepherd checks on ends in fine all-wool cream cash- __-»
a cashmere ground; the main mere long and short cloaks, all _-2
colors are black and white, navy handsomely embroidered in silk, =55
and white, brown and white gar- lined with sateen and interlined __2
ZZ net • and white; particularly with ann el. Among them are -_■
S--= fashionable for waists and chil- garments that sold up to *4 and =^
_Z dren s dresses. \\ ere sold by us $5 apiece. 12
jg— as a special bargain at 40c a yard. '• * --SS
.£ __? t. -_i j ci Infants' Hose, 3
rz Embroidered Flounc- if _' __>„• is
y*~ • , en v <4 lUc .air. — -a
Jt: mgS aL--i>UC Yard. Real French Lisle Thread in 13
t The most elaborate floral designs fancy " ribbed effects, guaranteed =^
in natural colors, worked on a fast black and an every-day 25c r^
•— sheer hemstitched lawn, 45 inches value; sizes 4 to 5%. 23
c*— wide. Will make charming aprons _ -. , _ . ~^
3E_-_ or fancy skirts to wear with'shirt LaGieS 3UIT.S, — •
'ZZ waists. Among them are some rf«^ rvi-| I_. i~ ~"^
I j^; beautiful all-over work up to $2 a $-*•"" tacn. __**
•_- yard. For this offer we have gathered 15
St— together every line where we —^g
•^ Infante' V_»«_"c have from one to three suits of a -»
»-- * *<* 111 - a vc_»-._>, kind of last season's styles, which =^
S= 19C Each sold from 10 to $17 50 apiece. If -«g
a- * you are not particular about hay- —_g
g"~ These come in three sizes, are ing an "up-to-date" style for ~ =^»
j •__ made of white Zephyr worsted, marketing, morning, country ___»
I S^_ having high necks and short and bouse wear, yon can set a _-S
fc sleeves. They were always sold very substantial tailor-made suit — •
!g~ at 40c, 35c and 25c, according to in all-wool cheviots, serges and -^5
|«— the size, but during this sale any fancy mixtures at about one-third Z^
| S--1 at 19c. or half its real value. 235
|§i Our Spring and Summer Catalogue Is Now Ready. |j
I; Will Be Sent Free of Charge Anywhere 3
§_ Upon Request. 4
AIl-HO AP TR AVEIJ
SOI'TIIKKN I'ACIFIC CO3IPA_«lt.
(PAOiriO SYSTEM. I
Train* Irim- null nre <lin- to nrrlTe _»t
*$ WAN IIt.XITMO. ' -'
leave — Fhom March 28, 1896. — aruiv^
~7:I»Oa Atlantic Express, <>g^ien and East.. B:_..r
7:OOa Benicia, Vacavilie. Rums;*y, Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis.... 7: 1 3 r
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
8::IOa Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, Red Bluff
and Sundays excepted Oroville.... _:1..p
*S:»0a Peters aud Milton '7:151'
«:<»«A Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Berbers and Los Angeles 4:4.">p
0:OOa Martinet and Stockton IO:15a
»:»»Oa VaHejo G:ir,i
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore • 8:-_."»
*l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *9tOOr
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:4.>r
4:»Op Martinez, Bau Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verauo and
Santa Rosa 9:15»
4:OOp Benicia, Esparto, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville
Orovillo and Sacramento XO:4Sa
4:30r Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
4:<tOp Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11.45 a
s:ot»p New Orleans Liprcs.. ITresno, Bakers-
field, Santa Barbsra.l.os Angeles,
Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East lOjIBa
5:0 Op Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
(or Mojave aud Last 10:15 .
5:00p Vallejo 1 1 :45a
6:<M» Europoau Mail, Ogden and East.... 9: .5a
OtUOp Ilayuards, Niles and San Jose 7:13 a
!7:OI»p Vallejo t7:4.1p
7:OOp Oregon l'.xpress,Sacraniento, Marys-
ville, Redding. Portlaud, Puget
Sound and East 10:43 a
«J10:03p "Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Ar.ge'es, El Paso, New Orleans
and Ear. 142.-4.5 i'
SANTA CttUZ IHVIxION (Narrow <.auge>.
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB:osp
8:13 a Nu\vark,Ceiitevville,San.losc,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:!M»p
*S:l3p Newark, Centerville, San .lose, New
Almaden, Feltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *1 » : 2 » -
4:15p Newark. Sim .lose and Los 0at05.... 9:5Qa
COAST DIVISION (third A lowiisend Sts.',
0:45 a San Joso and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:4.".
Sil.V* San Jose, Tres Pinos, Beats Cruz,
Piicilic Orove, Paso Robles, Han
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7i©Si'
IO:.Oa San Jose Way Stations S:UOp
11:45.\ Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
■StB9p San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos. . r ta
■ Cruz, Salinas,Monterey and I'acfliC
Grove «IO:.Oa
*3:!IOp San Jose aniTl'rincipal Way Stations 0:17 a
♦l:3opSan Joseand Way Stations.. *8:«0a
3:SOp San Jose and Way Stations *8:48 a
C::t(» p San Jose and Way Stations 0:33 a
t1 1 :45i- San Jose and Wav Stations . I7:--5i-
NAN 1.1.A.MU.U AND HAYiVAK?)> LOCAL.
iM»:0«a "I ( 7: ISA
ft:OOA tO:I3A
_8.02 a Seminary Perk, ¥__{_[_
"aloop Fitehburg, San L.sn.r* \\£j_\
3:OOp I ....•-. .__* 4:43r
4:OOp f 5: ISP
__*** Hsywsrds. 6sI3P
3:30p iiaywaras. _I ;. p
7:OOp I B*4BP
8:OOp ._ „• .-. ._., 0-.13P
9-00p 1 * Runs througu to Niles. IO ."Or
11 ': i 3 ). l From yil< «- 1_H12!«0p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRIKCISCO— Foot of Market Stmt (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:on\.M. tl:00 •2:30 13:C0
M:CO t3:50 *C:OOr.M.
From o:_UsD— Foot orßroidnay.— "6:00 8:00
I 10:00 a.m. U2:CQ *1:00 t2:CO *3:00 Ji:CO
*5:00f.M. .
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
, J Sundays only. «J Tuesdays only. ,-
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. - '
I? MARKET ST-'Tf gj
W^hl f _! 5 ' c<ai|j ' fir MfJ
I RAILROAD TRAVEL;
SMFRASCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.. 12-3\
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. M.
i SUNDAYS— :30. 9:30, 11:00 a. it.; 1:30, 3:31
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. ir ■
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. m. Saturdays— Extra trip.
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. _c.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:  11:10 a. it.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00,6:25 p.m. .»•_-.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part san_-
schedule as above.
c £?* ye , In effect I Arrive '
San -rancisco. A p r " 2. | «an Francisco.
Da X I da U y^ j SS-ffikJi i Sun- I WF.BK
Days. I days, | destination.! DAYS . ' DAY'S.
7:30 am 7:30 am I Novato, 10:40 am 8:4 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 0:15 pm
Fulton, "
7:30 am j Windsor, 10:10 am
'Healdsburi;,
(iev.serville,
8:30 m 7:30 am Cloverdale. [ 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
Vieta, j
! Hopland &
7:30 am 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 tm
7:3oam „„„ L 1 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm 1 j ! 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am ~8: 10 *-t
5:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm '6:15 pm
I j Glen Ellen.
- 'i?, AM I : 2°. AM I Sebastoool [55:40 AM!10:10 am
3:3opm|s:oopm! fte oastopol. j . 0: , ,. M | s-^pj,
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Oevsers. "
Stapes connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Lakeport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vlcnv Springs, Bin .
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Bonneville, Green-
wood. Mendocino City. Fort Brasti;, Usal, Westport.
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's. Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Sco.ia
and Eurek3.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red uco J
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* oa-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H.C. WHITING. R. X.RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
Atlantic "^^^p
r_> * -P* _-^*i-_-?»iT?»j>»)si_
X^CkCXTtC > »^ak
rdLUlt pr;^"^ SJj
RAILROAD V^iW-^^^^^J
I Trains leave from and arrive feY v§r jvj?^-XlZiy'
at Market-Street Ferry. «^ :^^stpi
SANTA FE EXFKt=>S
To Chicago via A. & H. Direct Lino
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pnl. man
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Won
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars jo«
i Denver and St. Louis. -—_---.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
I Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
! nnder Harvey management. Connecting trains
1 leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. M. daily.
j The best railway from California to the East.
! New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery |
J and good meals in Harvey's dining-roam or dining-
cars.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
yyy CUr.-u_.vJv fiuiii-i<Ag.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Snusalito Ferry;.
from Saa Francisco, com m- ing March 29, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *Boo
*9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. m.: ►1:18, 3:-0, 4:15,
5:15. •< :0(.. 35 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. 11.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael-*8:00, *9:00.
♦10:00. 11 -SUA. _.;"r.:S-i. -I :_.O, *'.':l5. *4:00,
0:30,6:46,8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Bauaalito_,t
11 :00 a. m.
Trains marked * run to San Qnentln. ••12:8«
P. M. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
2 Inn P " M * we * kt, »ys— Cazadero and way stations,
o sa a ' M " Sun<1 »>s-( azade-o and wav stations.
v.w a. m. yundayi-Polnt Reyes ana way station*
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor
-OUB3CRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Tally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.-5
Tally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall I.SO
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
Wiulv Call, one year, by mall ..... -*§•
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Earn Francisco, California.
r«!-pbone Maln-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
feJ-phone M__n-_B7-
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
1:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 -.nrkin street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
Or . corner Sixteenth and Mis-ion street-; open
mtll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street open until 9 o'clock.
118 _>____ street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICES :
90S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
-teams 81 and 32, 34 Pack Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY APRIL 15, 1596
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Attend the primaries.
— . »
Vote early and vote right.
The Republican procession starts to-day.
The report of the funding bill may make
a big noise, but it won't scare anybody.
Don't forget that every loyal Republican
should take part in the primaries of the
party.
The bosses and the gangs went through
their crooked tricks yesterday and to-day
straight politics has a chance.
Mr. Huntington may force the funding
bill fight to an issue if he chooses. This is
just as good a time to settle it as any.
If General Weyler continues to right it
out on the present line it will take all sum
mer to show which way he is moving.
Cleveland is hiding behind something
on the Cuban question, but whether it be
discretion or pure cussedne.s is not cer
tain.
There is some talk among Eastern !
Democrats about "signs and signal fires of j
possible victory," but they are deceived j
by smoke.
The California delegation to the St. j
Louis convention must be left free to ad
vance California interests in every issue
that arises there.
The prospect of having California repre
sented in the Cabinet of the next adminis
tration is cheering to all except those who
are too blind to see it.
— —
The R«publican who is truly loyal to the
great principles the party represents cares
more for the party as a whole than for any j
particular leader of it.
All good Republicans in the City should \
make it a part of their duty to see to it
that San Francisco has a strong delegation
at the State convention.
The Tories have introduced into Parlia
ment what they call an "Irish land bill,"
but according to the Home Rulers it hasn't
a particle of Irish ground to stand on.
'
No man with any prospect of a political
future wishes tho Democratic Presidential
nomination this year, but there are plenty
of back numbers eager to fill the vacancy.
The shopkeeper who never has the thing
you ask for, but is always ready to offer
you "something just as good," ought al
ways to be allowed to keep it for his enter
prise.
From this time forth until election day
politics should be a part of the business of
every man who is concerned in American
industry and seeks the welfare of the
American people.
♦
According to Senator Hill, if the Demo
cratic party "has the wisdom of its wants"
it will nominate Morrison of Illinois, so
we may count on it that Morrison is fore
doomed to defeat.
•
The primaries of yesterday, like the
bosses who managed them, are back num
bers, and the true Republicans who are up
to date will get in with the primaries and
the leaders of to-day.
It is significant that the men who are
urging the claims of Morrison of Illinois
for the Democratic nomination are much
given to a habit of informing the world
that he hates Cleveland.
»
As the resolution calling for an investi
gation of the bond deals is in order for the
Senate to take up to-day there is a chance
for a lively session, provided it is taken up
in the right Way and handled well.
The strength of California at the Repub
lican National Convention will have but
little influence unless the men who repre
sent it there are left free to exercise it in
bringing about the nomination of the best
man.
The delay in the construction of our
Postoffice building is one of the things we
suffer from the Democratic deficit, but per
haps a little more energy on the part of
our delegation in Congress could hurry it
up a little.
The Democratic scheme of running a
gold ticket and a silver ticket during the
campaign and then uniting their votes in
the electoral college is about as good as
any scheme the Democrats could desire,
but it won't work.
There will be a free vote and a fair count
at every polling-place of the Republican
primaries to-day and all members of the
party should avail themselves of the op
portunity to cast a ballot for men of their
choice to represent them in the coming
State convention.
As a general rule the article that is most
advertised is tbe best of its kind, for while
it never pays to advertise a worthless thing
it always pays to advertise a good one;
and those who do not know the relative
values of two similar articles will never
make a mistake in asking for that which
is most widely made known.
The Immigration restriction bill should
be hurried through Congress without the
formality of debate, for the public is well
posted on the subject and further discus
sion is not necessary, while on the other
hand it is known that thousands of pauper
immigrants are pouring into the country
and every day's delay in the passage of
the bill permits just so many more to
enter.
THE PRIMARIES.
All the arrangements for the Republican
primaries to be held to-day have been
made with the one object of providing for
a free, fair and full expression of the
wishes of the majority of the members of
the party. There is, moreover, ovary pros
pect that the object desired will be at
tained. Republican enthusiasm was never
higher at so early a stage of a political
campaign, ard a large vote, as well as a
fair one, is virtually assured. .
This provision for an absolutely honest
primary election should certainly be made
use of by all loyal Republicans. It has
been known for a long time that most of
the evils attending our political system
have had their origin in the debasement of
the primaries. By obtaining control of
these, the political bosses have been en
abled to so direct and manage the whole
electoral mechanism of the law as to be
able to obtain almost any results they
pleased at later stages, and to practically
dictate the nominations of party conven
tions. It is significant of a better order of
things, therefore, that the Republican
party begins this campaign by redeeming
the primaries from the control of the
bosses and placing them under the super
vision of men who will assure that strict
political honesty which is summed up in
the phrase, "A fair ballot and a fair
count."
it is not too much to expect that the
better element of citizens who constitute
the great majority of the Republican
| party will show their appreciation of the
| new order of things by attending the pri
| maries to-day and casting a vote for the
j men whom they wish to represent them
j in the work of electing delegates to the
National convention that is to nominate
the next President of the United States.
Every man of business should to-day re
j gard politics as a part of his business and
j attend to it. Men who in the past have
abstained from primaries because they
have had well-grounded fears that their
votes would be thrown away or rendered
worse than useless by the boss rule that
has too often dominated such elections
may go to the polling-places to-day with
the assurance that every vote cast will be
counted, and that none but honest votes
will be either cast or counted.
The Republican party of this City is no
longer seriously affected by bosses or by
those who would like to be Dosses. The
real leaders of the party have come to the
front. That element known in the slang
of the day as the "push" and the "pull"
has been thrust aside. Honest primaries
are assured. It is now the duty of all
loyal Republicans to respond to this call,
and by voting at the elections to-day show
themselves on the side of square dealing j
and fair dealing in politics as in business. !
THE LOTTERY EVIL.
The Supreme Court was undoubtedly
compelled to declare invalid the Los Ange
les ordinance making the possession of a
lottery ticket a misdemeanor, but that
offers no consolation for the evil which
lias suddenly sprung up as the result of
that decision. The fatal defect of the ordi
nance was this qualifying clause: "Unless
said possession shall be shown to be inno
cent or for a lawful purpose." Clearly
this throws the burden of proof upon the
defendant, and that is a fatal defect. As
the San Francisco ordinance contains the
same clause the prosecution of persons
found with lottery tickets in their posses
sion has come to an end and peddlers
selling them are plying their trade from
one end of the City to the other.
Other lotteries besides Chinese are, of
course, affected, and they will probably
benefit more than the Chinese, for the
simple reason that most of the leading
daily newspapers of San Francisco are ad
vertising the outside lotteries every month
in flaming advertisements that excite the
cupidity of the poor and make them easy
prey. Our contemporaries would doubt
less advertise the Chinese lotteries also
were it not for the happy circumstance
that the Chinese are prohibited from con
ducting lotteries and dare not make their
operations public. i
The ability of the newspapers to adver
tise lotteries and of peddlers to sell tickets
has come iD both instances from inexcusa
ble carelessness or ignoranco in framing
the laws. The laws were honestly intend
ed to prohibit both evils, but the looseness
with which they were drawn could not
withstand the scrutiny of the Supreme
Court. Experience has shown that in the
absence of a proper moral sense, laws pro
hibiting such evils should receive the
most painstaking care.
One remedy remains, as far as the ped
dlers are concerned. That is for all high
minded citizens to assist the police in dis
covering Chinese lotteries. Tbe ingenuity
of the race in concealing its lawlessness is
a familiar fact. However zealous the po
lice may be, outside assistance is always
helpful. Nothing further can be done un
til the Legislature meets and passes laws
to cover the whole ground. Meanwhile
the poorer people of the City will con
tinue to be robbed and the press will
doubtless continue to lend its assistance.
OFFICIAL NEGLECT.
There is something radically wrong in
the office or person of the supervising
architect of the United States . at Wash
ington when, despite the fact that $216,
--736 is available for the work of construc
tion on the new San Francisco Postoffice,
that enterprise is absolutely ignored. » All
manner of petty excises have been ad
vanced for this neglect, among others that
the Postmaster of this City ana the Fed
eral Judges now located in the Appraisers
building have retarded the matter by fail
ing to promptly and properly pass on the
plans of the proposed building submitted
to them. These gentlemen aver that they
have in fact done everything to facilitate
the beginning of the construction of the
edifice.
It is the opinion of some that the dila
toriness of the department in the case is
due to lack of ready money, but this can
hardly be so in the face of the statement
made by the acting supervising architect
of the treasury to the Washington corre
spondent of The Call that "with the
balance left after the purchase of the site
and the $50,000 additional appropriated to
commence building, the amount now on
hand and available is $216,736."
Not long since an appropriation "wag
made for a new Postoffice building for
Chicago. Within three months thereafter
actual work had begun thereon. Califor
nia's Senators and Congressmen might
take a lesson from the representatives of
Illinois, by whose joint and energetic ac
tion this remarkable result was achieved.
If our nine representatives at Washington
united in a demand on the supervising
architect, asking for immediate attention
to the ■ Postoffice matter, it is not likely
that there would be any farther dilly
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 896.
dallying. But should their efforts prove
unavailing in this direction, there yet re
mains the drastic resort suggested by Sena
tor Perkins of introducing a resolution de
manding explicit information from the
Treasury Department why this work is
delayed, and directing the Secretary to
proceed with the construction imme
diately, y'yy
San Francisco is certainly in as great
need of her new Postoffice as is Chicago of
hers, and is not less worthy of considera
tion than her more populous sister city.
DEMOCRATIC TARIFF TINKERING
Political economists of the Democratic
school demand the nearest possible ap
proach to free trade on the ground that
protection prohibits competition, which is
the life of trade. No reasoning could be
more illogical from the standpoint of the
tariff schedules advocated by the Repub
lican party. It is true in a general sense
that competition is the life of trade, but
the line which separates that competition
which is the life of trade from that compe
tition which is the death of trade is broad
and well defined. The Kepublican party's
theory of protection to our industries does
not contemplate the prohibition of foreign
competition in our markets, but it does
mean that the operatives in our mills and
factories shall be protected against the
poverty-making wage schedules of foreign
countries, and that is the head, front and
soul of the incentive that actuates the Re
publican party in its energetic and persis
tent advocacy of protection.
It is no doubt true, as the leaders of the
Democracy claim, that were absolute free
trade to prevail in this country our indus
trial enterprises could and would continue
to supply our people with most of their
manufacture, but to do that the cost of
production would have to be lowered to
the cost of production in Europe, and as
the greatest item of cost is wages, even
the stupidest of men could not fail to see
that nearly the whole burden of the reduc
tion in manufactured commodity prices
would be borne by wage-earners. But
those who prepare raw materials for the
mills and factories would have to accept
the European standard of wages, too, for
in order to hold our own with foreign com
petition every factor in manufacture, from
raw material to finished product, would be
obliged to conform to the wage schedules
and gooas prices which prevail in the old
country.
The argument of the Democratic party
that free trade would strengthen the posi
tion of our farmers is as illogical and falla
cious as the assertion that the lower the
Custom-house charges on imports the better
would be the condition of wage-earners gen
erally. With the duty on farm products re
moved breadstuffs could be laid down at a
less cost to the consumer in the Atlantic
States from Argentina than from any
trans-Mississippi point. In that event
prices for American grain would be fixed
by Argentina, where farmhands receive
considerably less than one-half the wages
paid for similar work in this country.
It is needless to point to the good results
that came to the country through the op
eration of the act of 1890, for the large in
crease of wrecks of business enterprises
which may be seen strewn along every
channel of trade distribution testifies in no
uncertain voice that the Wilson act, which
repealed the law of 1890, is a vicious and
destructive attack upon the welfare of all
the peonle. But the Democratic theory of
the tariff problem prevails in fact, and
since the hurtful consequences of its influ
ence upon all lines of trade and manufac
ture is felt all along the way from the day
laborer to the mammoth industrial enter
prise, it is impossible to conceive any re
sult from the coming Presidential election
other than an emphatic and vehement re
buke to the un- Americanism of the Dem
ocratic party. Nevertheless, the snake
was only scotched in the State elections
that have been held since tnat fatal No
vember day in 1892. These facts should be
remembered by everyone who is for Amer
can industries, for high wages for Ameri
can workmen and for high prices for
American farm products.
A REMARKABLE LAW.
New York has passed through its second
Sunday under the Raines liquor law and
the odd working of the statute is now un
derstood. The law prohibits the Sunday
traffic in all kinds of liquors in barrooms,
restaurants, drugstores and the like, but
says nothing about hotels. As a conse
quence hotels have sprung up at a pro
digious rate. Every saloon that can find
as many as ten rooms above it has secured
them, thrown furniture into them and
transformed them into a "hotel." Even in
such cases, however, it is required that the
thirsty shall drink only in the course of a
meal. A sandwich which the customer
need not eat solves the difficulty. Under
the operation of that ordinarily useful
trait which makes the overcoming of ob
stacles a pleasant pastime. New York City
has gone mad with a desire to "beat the
law," and the result is to reduce the Raines
bill to an absurdity. The question of
evasion seems not yet to have been raised.
It appears ridiculous that a restaurant may
not sell liquors on Sunday while a hotel
cafe suffers under no such restriction.
A remarkable feature of the law is that
it represents the rural idea of conduct as
opposed to that of the urban. New York
State's large rural population has made it
possible for the man in the country to
bring down his heel upon the neck of his
arrogant city cousin. Such an event is
not uncommon in this country, but
hitherto country domination over city
pride has been confined to measures affect
ing taxation and public improvements.
The New York statute is quite a different
matter. It is the united voice of the sturdy
and earnest workers of the fields and ham
lets saying to the proud residents of the
greatest city in America: "You have de
parted from the honored ways of the
fathers. That Old World levity and dissi
pation which have struck rottenness to
the heart of European civilization have
sown t'-e seeds of decadence in you. While
this will react injuriously upon us, your
superciliousness and your contempt for
the bone and sinew of the State are griev
ously offensive. The yeoman calls upon
the aristocrat to halt."
Viewed in this light, which is largely
correct, even making allowance for the
city sentiment which supported the coun
tryman, the great city of New York now
occupies the most ridiculous attitude ever
held by an American metropolis. Even
its cherished free lunch on weekdays,
that most eloquent proof ol the mad rush
with which city people are wearing out their
lives in the pursuit of money," is sternly
withheld by the righteous farmer, and the
Raines Jaw informs the madmen of New
York City that they must go quietly and
in peace to a restaurant or stay hungry.
What will be the outcome of the law's
enforcement it is difficult to say, except
to remark in a general way that Jaws
which operate unequally and produce ab
surd results are never permanent. That
the people are taking the matter seriously
may be inferred from a recent decision of
the New York Court of Appeals, which
has gravely announced that the law does
not prohibit Sunday drinking in clubs.
The ground for the decision is that as each
member of the club is part owner of tbe
club's liquors, and as every man may drink
his own, a clubman is at liberty to drink
the club's liquors, and may or may not
leave propeity of other kind— to wit,
money— in the club's assets in lieu of that
which he has drunk. But the thins that
has turned the laugh of the whole country
upon New York City is that tbe farmers
of the State are regulating the personal
conduct of the city's residents. That is
surpassingly amusing.
PERSONAL.
Dr. R. E. Seixon of Hanford is in the City.
Robert Jamieson of Nanaimo, B. C, is here.
City Attorney Mason of Nevada City is at the
Bus-. bb/.Vr; '-„•?' -■ ,---.'-'"
W. D. Laughorne of Chehalis, Wash., is at the
Grand.. Yy.y^ y??yyyyf:
F. B. Cluff, editor of the Esparto Press, is in
the City.
G. V. Holt, a mining man of. Nelson, B. C,
is in town.
J. H. Jordan of Hanchow, China, is at the
OccidentaL
F. Martin and' wife of Antioch are at the
Cosmopolitan. ' : '-'
W. L. Robertson of Stockton is staying at the
Cosmopolitan.
District Attorney C. Lindsey of Santa Cruz is
on a visit here. '. r " y?
L. T. Kinsay, an attorney of Eureka, arrived
here yesterday.
Dr. R. S. Markle of Cloverdale is among re
cent arrivals here.
John Burns, a business man of Toronto, is a
recent arrival here.
J. W. McClanahan of St. Joseph, Mo., is stay
ing at the Cosmopolitan.
R. E. Jack, a wealthy resident of San Luis
Obispo, has arrived here.
A. H. Ashley, vice-president of the Stockton
High School, is in the City.
John Hilton, a business man of Portland,
Or., is at the Cosmopolitan.
George W. Roop, the owner of the Gilroy Hot
Springs and Hotel, is at the Baldwin.
Tne Rev. Father V. Aguilera, P.P., of San
Luis Obispo, is a guest of the Cosmopolitan.
W. D. Toby of Carson arrived here yesterday,
ne is accompanied by his daughter and Miss
Bliss. Yy Yy
W. H. Flagg, a business man of Walla Walla,
accompanied by his wife and children, is at
the Grand.
G. R. arid F. W. Gorgeson, agents of steam
ship lines at Eureka, and also of Wells, Fargo
<fc Co., are in town.
Elijah Smith of Empire City, Or., president
of the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany, is in the City.
James A. Hardin, the rich cattle-owner of
Nevada, California and Idaho, whose home is
at Santa Rosa, arrived here yesterday and is at
the Russ.
W. A. George, Mrs. George and A. George of
Colorado City, Colo., the old capital of that
State, and for many years a dead place, but
during the last year or two made active by
reason of the boom in near-by Cripple Creek,
arrived here yesterday. They are at the Russ.
M. H. Walker, the millionaire mine-owner
and extensive real estate holder of Salt Lake,
is in the City. He is accompanied by John H.
Walker, J. M. Barratt and M. J. Cheesman.
Mr. Walker is one of the firm of Walker
Brothers, who were among the earliest resi
dents of Salt Lake. They own the Walker
House there. They were builders of a portion
of the Union Pacific system. The Walker
Brothers are interested in mines in California
as well as in Utah.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 14.— the Astor,
C. A. Blenk, Mrs. P. Cowles. H. C. Frazer, Miss
Heynman, D. Mendelsohn; St. Nicholas, R. W.
Carson and wife; Sturtevant, L. Moroses, Mrs.
Lawrence and Miss Martha Gottig, who came
in on the Kaiser Wilhcirn II from Genoa; Cole
man, W. H. Long and wife, Rudolph and Mrs.
Mundy and Ida Schruder, who arrived on the
Luhn from Bremen: Marlborough, C. H. Cathe
wood; Holland, Mrs. and the Misses Hecht;
Warwick, R. McKntght; Hoffman, G. M.
Peligsolm; Broadway Central, R. McKnight;
Imperial, A. C. Rulofson and wife.
ABOUT THE CANDIDATES.
Those-., Illinois newspaper correspondents
persist in representing Mr. Cullom as being in
a boom-bound condition.— Washington Poet.
It is quite evident that Mr. Carlisle would
not be averse to sitting up with, the Demo
cratic corpse.— Washington Post.
Reed may take comfort in the thought that
at this season everybody is more or less af
flicted with that tired feeling.— Cleveland
Press.
It would be easy to make up a baseball nine
of Republican Presidential candidates, but im
possible to get up an opposition team.—Phila
delphia Ledger. y
The people do not want their Presidential
candidate handicapped by the claims of hordes
of professional politicians in a score of States.—
Pittsburg Dispatch.
The Vice-Presidency is a symmetrical step
ping-stone, in the hands of a self-assertive
man, which Mr. Read should not despise.—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
Secretary Carlisle's concern for the welfare
of his party might with good results be ex
tended so as to include the welfare of the coun
try.—New York Press.
Here is the difference: In the Republican
party the question is, "Who will get lt?" and
in the Democratic, "Who will take it?"—
Worcester Telegram.
Robert E. Pattison is a sensible man. He
has made kindling-wood of the little Presiden.
tial boom his friends presented him with some
time ago.— Florida Times-Union.
It is said that about a month ago the McKin
ley managers made overtures to Quay, urging
him to withdraw in favor of their man, but
their offers were rejected.— Brooklyn Eagle.
If the next Presidential election could be
held in Great Britain there would be many
eager aspirants for the nomination, because it
would be a Democratic walkover.—lndian
apolis Journal. yyy
The managers of the McKinley Doom will
make a fatal mistake if they permit Mr. For
aker to sit too near that large consignment of
fireworks they have ordered lor their St. Louis
display.— Washington Post. .
Morrison, Campbell and Whitney are the
men oftenest mentioned for the Democratic
nomination. Undoubtedly Whitney would re
fuse it if it were tendered to him. Tho choice
probably lies between Morrison and Camp
bell. Either would do in this off year.— St.
Louis Globe-Democrat. '''y : ~i'Y'i
Don't bet on the result of the St. Louis Con
vention. Betting is foolish at all times. It is
doubly so when the situation is so involved as
it is regarding Presidential candidates. We
challenge anybody to figure correctly to-day
within 100 votes of the standing of the dele
gates already Philadelphia Inquirer.
The Tribune is not a partisan of any particu
lar candidate. It is one of the encouraging
features of the situation that no candidate has
yet been named for President by any consid
erable group of Republicans whom the Trib
une could not support with heartiness and en
thusiasm as a representative and exponent of
Republican principles and policy.— New York
Tribune. ■ - ,---\
The Washington correspondent of a Chicago
paper says Mr. Olnev wouldn't walk the length
of his room in the State Department to becure
the Democratic nomination for the Presi
dency. The odds are 900 to 1 that the Boston
lawyer would sprint the whole length of Penn
sylvania avenue— his wind permitting for
complimentary ballots from two States.—Min
neapolis Times. • :- '
For a time it was believed that Major McKin
ley's boomers would sweep the whole South.
That idea has long been dissipated. There is
no truth whatever in it. .There never was »ny
truth in it, and that fact is now becoming ap
parent to all. Alabama, which is the first
State on the rollcall in the National Conven
tion, and which was expected to set the Mc-
Kinley gait, will cast only four votes tor the
man from Ohio. That same proportion, when
the convention meets, will hold good in most
of the other. States of the South.— Pes Moines
Register.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
POPULISTS AS A FACTOR.
Recognized as a Living Force to Be Reck
i oned With in 1896.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sik:
Advices at hand from all parts of the greater
West and the South— not by telegraph, but by
the weekly journals of the party— indicate not
only great enthusiasm and harmony in the
Populist party, but a degree of confidence and
aggressiveness never before manifested. " The
proposed alliance with the Silverites receives
cordial consideration,' but it must be on candi
dates alone, tor there will be no surrender of
the principles which j constitute the Omaha
platform, though the money question in its
broadest American sense will be made the
fighting issue of the campaign, and the other
issues of their platform will be submitted to a
vote of the people as provided for in the reter
endum, in the same manner as this State sub
mitted the question to the people of an educa
tional Qualification of voters.
Direct legislation by the people will, beyond
a doubt, be incorporated in the next Populist
National platform, for the Populists have ac
cepted literally the watchword of the old
Roman republic, "Vox populi, vox dei," with all
its age-long significance, and with such patri
ots as Jefferson, Franklin, Paine and Lincoln
they believe in trusting the people, and hold
as immutable law to the declaration of the
founders of our Nation that "government de
rives it. just power from the consent of the
governed," and are unwilling to continue to
be governed by class laws made by corrupted
and bribed representatives at the behest of
the faVored and powerful classes, "as it is at
this day"; and they are determined to elim
inate the boss from politics, which will at once
be accomplished on the adoption of direct
legislation by the people.
Our old time politicians, who are just now
kept so busy mending the fences which the
political storms are prostrating all over the
country, may not reckon at it- full value such
an incident as the defection of ex-Governor
St. John of Kansas from the Prohibitionists to
the Populists, and they may have forgotten
that he was the strongest man who has led
their forlorn hope in twenty years, his vote as
Presidential candidate far exceeding that of
any Prohibition candidate before or since. He
will be attended by a large following into the
Populist party, and in strong Prohibition
States where Populists have already gained a
largo number of voters, some surprising re
sults may follow. ■ <■■■■—.-"■
In Oregon tbis year the Populists are united
and lull of enthusiasm, while the two old par
ties are in the throes of open di.se tions and
bitter animosities, which are not likely to be
quieted and healed during the campaign.
Similar misfortunes overtook the Populists at
the last election, whicb greatly diminished
tbeir vote, and this year they are likely to
profit by the condition of their opponents and
have a lair chance of carrying the State.
Looking eastward we discover evidences of
alarm at the growing influence of the Populist
party as a factor in National affairs. The New
York Sun, which has long been credited with
a high order oi political sagacity, has recently
said: "While the Republican party is visibly
stronger in the former doubtful States of the
East— New York, Jersey and Connecticut—
than it has been at any time for many years,
the success of the Republicans in their former
strongholds in the West is seriously threat
ened by the defection of the Populists, who
complicated by their action all the most con
fident prophesies made in 1892. The Demo
crats, too, are without any. enforced depend
ence upon doubtful States, east or west, this
year, and Illinois and Minnesota seem to prom
ise better results than New Jersey and Mary
land. The contest of 1896 at the conventions
will be a free-for-all one, as far as precedents
and past conditions will be involved."
It will be borne in mind that the Sun is a
prominent advocate of the gold standard of
values and decidedly inclined to discount the
influence of the Populist party.
The New York Herald, also for the gold
standard, devotes two columes to the Populists
and silverites, showing that the Populists made
larger gains two years ago in Congressional
districts, and avers that "the sliver men are
desperate," and declares that there is reason to
believe that "party lies will be torn asunder
by the white-metal men.at both the National
conventions." After giving details at treat
length of the votes in States favorable to silver,
politicians are iniormed that they can gain
"no adequate conception of the situation with
out a careful scrutiny of these details," and
recommends that they be "studied in the hope
of finding a sale path through the maze to vic
tory." .
The Boston Globe (goldite) likewise has dis
covered the existence of a live and vigorous
Populist party, so oiten pronounced dead and
all but forgotten, and after due consideration
of its claims as a National party, thus refers to
the political situation: "People who can see
beyond tbeir noses or out of the back of their
heads do no; trust any surface indication tiiat
DOW may seem to foreshadow a one-sided Presi
dential campaign ibis year, with an Inevitable
and easy victory for the Republican ticket at
the polls. To such a vision there are discern
ible not only many signs of a hard and doubt
ful struggle, but the experience of the past also
sounds a clear warning against the idea, some
what prevalent now, that an election for the
Presidency can go by default."
The Globe then proceeds to give some solid
reasons for making the ;oregoing statement,
reviewing at some length political statistics
which cannot be summarized within the
limits of this letter, but are so significant and
instructive that ail who take an interest in
the study of conditions which may within a
few months produce a radical change in the
political and economic administration of our
National affairs, will find it well worth while
to examine them in my next letter. In the
meantime the reader will observe that I have
not presented the hopeful views of silver men
and Populists, but those of the ablest goldite
journals of the country, to indicate the danger
which menaces the further domination of
goldites. Joseph Asbtjey Johnson/
11 Essex street. San Francisco.
a voice for Mckinley.
an Admirer of the" Ohio Statesman Eulogize.
His Services to the Republican Party.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sib:
A good deal is being said against sending a
pledged delegation to the St. Louis Convention
in favor of the eminent Ohio statesman, Wil
liam McKinley. Why is it thus? When Gen
eral J. S. Clarkson ana Senator Andrews of
Pennsylvania were on the coast, ostensibly in
the interest of Allison and Quay, but evidently
more to prevent the nomination of Major
McKinley, they found to their surprise an
overwhelming sentiment in favor of the
Obioan in preference to. their favorites, and
therefore modified their schemes somewhat
and urged an unpledged delegation by the
State convention. They were also very lavish
and magnanimous in their promises what
their favorite candidates, if nominated and
elected, would do for the great West and for
the Pacific Coast particularly. Now I, as an
Ohio man, undertake to say that neither Alli
son, Quay or any other man can outdo Major
McKinley in magnanimity. McKinley is at
once the grandest man of the present day, the
peer of any man, pre-eminent in statesman
ship and forensic abilities, the prince of
honor, sublime in thought, true to every inter
est of all classes and all sections and the con
siderate friend of the working classes.
When some years since the McKinley law
became unpopular, even before it had a fair
trial, made so by pessimistic Democratic ora
tors throughout the entire country, Major Mc-
Kinley, like a true patriot, stood up and boldly
defended his measure with great ability, but
all the same went down In defeat and lost his
seat in the National Congress because ofthe
splendid energy he made in the country's be
half. It was McKinley that had to bear the
brunt and blame for all the dire calamity to
the Republican party. But since the country
has gone to ruin under Democratic rule, and
the McKinley protective system proven to be
the greatest measure ever enacted, and that
the country would have prospered beyond
measure under its operation, and beneficial in
the highest degree to the now distressed people,
those other gentlemen now come forward and
claim great credit for the passage of the Mc-
Kinley tariff law, and their friends, like Clark,
son, do their level best to undermine the great
Ohio candidate. Let me again say that in the
event of McKinley's nomination and election
to the Presidency he will fully recognize our
wants and he will not snub the Pacific States,
but will appoint one of our best men as a mem
ber of his Cabinet. The right of the Presidency
belongs to McKinley, and let the delegation
be pledged for him. J.B.Powell. •
San Francisco, April 12, 1898.
ANSWERS ,TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Citizen— S., City. The Citizen is pub
lished in Chicago. It is a weekly; was estab
lished in 1882 and. edited by John F. Finnerty.
Sullivan and Mitchell— W. 0., City. On
the 14th of May, 1883, John L. Sullivan
knocked out Charlie Mitchell in three rounds
in Madison-square Garden, New York City.
World's Fair— S. S. T., Cherokee, Butte
County, Cal. Medals and diplomas awarded
at the Columbian Exposition were, it is said,
distributed to those entitled to them a long
time since. '.X\ ;
Johnny-Jump-Up— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal.
"Johnny-jump-up" is a, term used in the United
States to designate a naturalized variety of the
pansy (violet tricolor), but who is responsible
for the name is not known. :,:.: yy
General Sherman— A Doubter, City., Gen
eral W. T. Sherman died on the 14th of Febru
ary. 1891. His eldest son, Rev. Thomas Sher
man. S. J., became a priest , of the Catholic
church a short time before the death of his
father.
ADios— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal. Adios is
from the Spanish and is the ordinary term for
good-by, but in saying "a dios," which has
been corrupted into adios, the speaker means
to say, "In leaving you I leave you to the care
of God."
Germs in Milk— C. E. 8., Palo Alto, Cal. To
kill the germ of the bacillus tuberculosis that
may be suspected to exist in milk the liquid
should be heated to 170 degress and be sud
denly chilled. The heating should occupy ten
minutes. " '
Antt-toxine— A. S. T. D. C, Goshen, Tulare
County, Cal. The paragraph you quote— "We
have been fortunate in coming upon the par
ticular substance which will neutralize the
poison (diphtheria) which has been secreted" —
refers to anti-toxine,. the composition of which'
is the discoverers secret. ' yyy
United States Senators— T. F., Santa Mon
ica, Cal. Senator Stephen M. White was born
in San Francisco June 19, 1853. Among the
youngest Senators is Marion Butler of North
Carolina, aged 33 years; Frank J. Cannon of
Utah, aged 37 years, and J. C. Pritchard of
North Carolina, aged 39 years.
Adobe— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal. Adobe is
from the Spanish, meaning sundried bricks.
H. H. Bancroft, in his "History of tho Native
Races," says:
The natives make adobe or suniried bricks by
mixing ashes and earth with water, which in then
molded into large blocks and dried in the sun.
Copyright— City. Had "Citizen"
complied with the rules of this department,
and instead of sending an anonymous com
munication have given name and address,
Answers to Correspond en would have been
pleased to forward all information about copy
right, but that question has been answered so
often in this department that it cannot be an
swered every time it is asked.
Santa Paula — Veritas, . Jackson, Amador
County, Cal. Santa Paula is sixteen miles east
of Ventura, the county seat of Ventura County.
It is situated on the line of the railroad at the
confluence of the Santa Clara and Santa Paula
rivers. It has a population of about 1200; has
several churches, a bank, a newspaper, coal
oil refineries and planing-mills. The climate
is pleasant. For further details you should
write to the County Clerk of Ventura County.
Slang— F. W. 8., City. A great many slang
words have become words of general use, but
none of them are recognized by educated per
sons as anything but slang. For instance, such
words as "awfully" for exceedingly, "jolly"
for surprising or uncommon, and "daisy"
for somebody or something Charming or ad
mirable, are words in daily use, but they are
vulgar and inelegant. A person who uses
grammatical language in speaking or writing
will never introduce a slang word or phrase.
Napa Asylum— H. M. M., Lawrence, Cal. The
number of inmates at the Napa Asylum for the
insane is 1360. There are no nurses at the in
stitution, but attendants. There Is one at
tendant at $000 per annum, 34 at $540 each.
47 assistant attendants at $420 each, and 13
attendants at $430 each. Appropriation for
the past two years. $200,000 a year. There are
80 patients in the pay wards and the charge
for maintaining such is $15 per month each.
There are 1280 free patients.
Swift's Epitaph — SoulsbyvilJe, Tuolumne
County, Cal. The epitaph of Jonathan Swift
(DeaD) written by himself in Latin is as fol
lows: "Hie depositum est corpus Jonathan
Swift, 8. T. P., hujus ecclesiae cathedralis de
cani; übi soeva indignatio ulterius cor lace
rare nequit abi viator et imitare. si, poteris
strenuum pro virili libertatls vindiceum."
This translated into English is: "Here is the
body of Jonathan Switt, Dean of this church,
where cruel disdain can no longer lacerate his
heart. Go, traveler, ana imitate if thou canst
a sturdy vindicator of the liberties of human
kind."
A SONG OF THE CYCLE.
This is the toy, beyond Aladdin's dreaming,
The magic wheel upon whose hub is wound
All roads, although they reach the world around,
O'er Western plains or Orient deserts gleaming.
This is the skein, from which each day unravel
Such new delights, such witching flights, such
joys
Of bounding blood, of glad escape from noise
Such ventures, beggaring old Crusoe's travel.
It is as if some mighty necromancer.
At kind's command, to please his lady's whim.
Instilled such virtue in a rubber run,
And brought it forth as his triumphant answer. '
For wheresoe'er its shining spokes are fleeting.
Fair benefits spring upward :roni its tread.
And eyes grow bright, and cheeks all rosy red,
Responsive to the heart's ecstatic beating.
Thus youth and age, alike In healthful feeling,
And man and maid, who find their paths art-one,
Crown this ran- product of our century's "run,"
And sing the health, the joy, the grace of wheeling
Youth's Companion.
IT STANDS AT THE HEAD.
Ellensburg (Wash.) Capital.
In noting the growth of great papers in this
country, the San Francisco Call should not be
forgotten. • Under its present management it
has sprung into wonderful popularity, and de
servedly, too, for In its marvelous growth it
has maintained a dignity and freedom from
sensationalism that commends it to those who
want all the news in reliable shape. This The
Call gives them, and to day It stands at the
head of California newspapers.
LADY'S BELTED WAIST.
A charming model for three fabrics is here
shown. It may be without the lining. -The
pattern is cut with the back In one piece. The
front is laid in a box-pleat on either side, it
opens at the top to show a plastron, from
which revers of the latest shape turn back.
The sleeves are particularly effective, made of
striped materials to show the folds at the top.
A white lawn with pink stripes would be ex
quisite, trimmed with white plastron and
revers trimmed with yellow valenciennes
Another charming way of making up striped
materials is to use the material crosswise for
the plastron, the stripes in the body being
used up and down.
A waist of blue colored heavy linen after
this model might have revers and plastron of
.white lawn.
Blue duck could be made very effective with
the revers and plastron in blue and white
striped or plain white duck.
For crepon or light wools the most stylish
and summer-like trimming is flax-colored crass
linen or batiste, which could be used for the
revers and plastron. These might be trimmed
with narrow Valenciennes luce or insertion
White batiste linen or lawn could be used
instead of the natural colored linen
Organdies or mulls can be made entirely of
the material, with an edge of narrow Valen
ciennes for a trimming. . ......
Ribbon belt and collar are sufficient to elab
orate such gowns. u_ . y
H  "J { you want a sure relief for -ains in the backT^dJchesTor^
fy limbs, use an . yyy. ' •'•.••" ■
l Al l f*g"\f %jr ?cr Porous 5
* A AAA^w^jL^ 25 Plaster ?
Z • . . B ? AR IN MiND-Not one of the host of counterfeits and Lmita-' ?
v- tions is as good as the genuine. -.»*»* ™* £
A' NATURAL TUNNEL.
! On the western shore of Angel Island, about
half way .between the steamer landing and the
fog-bell signal, is a most interesting natural
curiosity that it would be hard to find dupli
cated in any part of the world. It Is a tunnel
that goes directly through an enormous cliff.
The direction of the tunnel is from north to
south, or it could be seen from the Tiburon
ferry-boats. -rI.Y. . .. .;.-'-•/;
When viewed from a short distance the tun
nel appears to be only a small hole, but close
examination reveals the fact that it is over ten
Natural Tunnel on Angel Island.
feet high and at least thirty feet long. At high
tide it has about a foot of water in it, and
were it not for the rocks close to the entrances
could be entered with a bout.
When the tide is out the tunnel can be
traversed from end to end on foot, and a most
curious experience it is. The rocks in the pas
sage way are alive with crabs, and it is almost
impossible to avoid stepping on them. As tho
center of the tunnel is a little higher than
the ends it drains perfectly, so that it Is dry
except for a few puddles. *
The interior walls of the tunnel present a
curious appearance. They are of volcanic rock
and look as, if they were thrown into their
present shape when mixed with some softer
substance. This has since washed away, leav
ing the hole through the cliff. The rock
formation is exceedingly hard and in many
laces has a spongy appearance. It is almost
lack in color and very rough and jagged.
For its full length the tunnel is about the
same size, and is so straight it is hard to be
lieve that it is not the work of human nands.
In stormy weather the waves wash in and out of
the tunnel with great force, and wnen the
tide is high will entirely fill it, forcing the air
out with a loud, hissing noise.
. Don't Feed the Animals.
Tulare Register.
Chinamen seem to be as crooked in horse
racing as they are in poker-playing, and the
best thing to do with them is to not monkey
with them at all.
■ ■ ■ » ♦ « — i 1
Califop.nia glace fruits, 50c lb. Town-en<r_.*
■ ■ • — ♦ — • ■
A Plain Steal.
-Fresno Populist. • -
Under the proposed funding bill the Govern
will, at the end of the term— ninety years
$129,400,000 out of pocket, or sixty-nine mil
lions more than its present claim, against the
Central Pacific alone. Better cancel it now if
that is to be the only alternative.
— « — »
Ppec-AI. information daily to ma-.ufactarett,
business bouses and public men '.y the Prau
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. «
• — ■» — • i .
The Impertinent East.
Los Angeles Express.
It is rather amusing and decidedly imperti
nent to see the Eastern papers reading West
erners out of the two great political parties
because they will not indorse the Wall-street
financial programme.
The benefits to be derived from a good medicine
In early spring Is undoubted. To purify the blood,
overcome that tired feeling and gala strength
take Hood's Sarsaparilla.
' » ♦ «
Important CHA-fSB of Time.— 12th Inst.
the Northern Pacific Railroad inaugurated a double
daily passenger service between Portland and St.
Paul, making a saving of ten hours between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were run oat of the Pa
cific Northwest. The superior accommodations in
our passenger equipment recommend our line to
all. Ours Is the only line that runs dining-cars out
of Portland. T. K. STATELER, general agent,
638 Market street . Sau Francisco.
» — ♦ — • - ■ . %
"Sirs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children white Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part, of the world. Be sure and asf
for .Mrs. W'inslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Cobonado.— Atmosphere Is pertectly dry, soft
and mild, and Is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
4 _sew Montgomery st., San . Cisco.
Good Government and Low Taxation.
Pendleton Oregonian.
The Portland Oregonlan says "salvation of
Portland and Multnomah County depepda on
good government and low taxation." The
salvation of all the towns and counties of
Oregon depends on this.
..-  NEW TO-DAT.
rrsP"
VERY
NICE.
-F'-ES-E.-H
A PACKAGE OF CREAM CHOCOLATE
•b— WITH OUR
MONEY-SAVING
TEAS, COFFEES, SPICES!
COLIMA BAKING POWDER.
Onr 50c Teas Cost 75c Elsewhere.
Our 85c Teas Cost 50c Elsewhere.
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN AWAY.
Great American Importini Tea Co.'s
1344 Market St.. S. P.
gmra^' ==SS» 96 * Market St., S. F.
_M__-_^-? 140 Sixth st -- s - F '
■piY32am£? °' 7 Kearny st., S. P.
L___»T™ 1419 Polk st., 5. F.
521 Montgomery aye., S. P.
UAyrU 333 Hayes St., 5. P.
MONEY- '46 Ninth St., 5. P.
iv will. ■ 21 Th , , St., S. F.
ft 111 l.in 2008 Fillmore St., 5. P.
SAVIiIU 2510 .Mission St., 5. P.
wn V 3006 Sixteenth St., S. P.'
-iTnorO 104 Second St.. S. P. ,
STUrtCb _ 3259 Mission st., 5. F.
v* i uuhw ■ 52 Market gt •s p_
-a--, 917 Broadway, Oakland.
-_a£^ffl_P-_v 1053 Washington St., Oak'd.
fc^(Slll__y ,31 San Pablo aye, Oakl'd
fcggfc-™^ 616 E. Twelfth st, Oakland.
1355 Park st., Alameda.
inPORTINQ FOR AND OPERATING
100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SAVE YOU MONEY. '-
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.*** . . ..... . «f--
WEDNESDAY _____________ 16, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater — "Beau Brummell."
Cai ifornia Theater— "The Night Clerk."
lOLUMBIA -HKATEit— "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
V< peso's OrERA-Hoi:s>— -Michael Strogoff."
- ivoli Opera-house.— "Blue Bear 1.
i i i High-Class Vaudeville.
trover's a ICA7AK- -Cart the Tomboy."
Metropolitan Temple— Mormon Tabernacle
Choir.
i IMToKitM- Miss Carrie Bowes, Thursday
evening, April 16.
Si iho coney Island— Grand Athletic Exhibi-
tion and Concert.
-Boot the CHtxF.s— Dally at Haight street,
«i tlock .ast ofthe Bark.
1 /.lilt Coast Jockey Cub.— BB3C- to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By George K. Lamson— This (lav (Wednesday),
Furniture, at 1 10:1 Sutler st , at 11 ' o'clock.
By- Kabton ft Kldridge.— This- day (Wednes-
day '. Oil Paintings, in Maple Hall at 1- noon.
By Geo. F. Lamson— Thursday, April 16, Fur-
lure, at Brannan street.
Baldwin «._ Hammond.— Thursday. April 16,
Beal Estate, at salesrooms, 10 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock.
By LAYMANCE-Saturday. April 18, Berkeley
Beal Estate at 2 P. M.
By Easton .v. Ki.DjinxiE— April 21.
Peal Estate, at tiSS Market *:., at 12 o'clock noon.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The American Gospel Army has filed articles !
of incorporation.
"Fair to-night and Wednesday" was the |
weather forecast issue 1 last night."
Ex-Judge Hayne continued hi* argument in
the Southern Pacific case yesterday.
The funeral of James X. Brown at Grace
Church yesterday was largely attended.
The V. M. C. A. Bicycle club has been reor
ganized under the name of the Triangle Club.
The City Hall Commissioners 'decided to
have the building of the now roof let out in j
o:ie contract.
Tne Supreme Court has declared valid a re
rent issue <.f bonds by Los Angeles for street
improvement.
The ordinance of Chico taxing drummers
(50 a quarter has been declared good law by
the Supreme Court.
The jury to try R. H. McDonald Jr. was secured
yesterday. The taking of testimony will com
xnence this morning.
Experts of handwriting occupied the stand
nearly all day yesterday in the Martin case be
fore Judge Daingerfield.
The Chamber of Commerce will hold its
iterly meeting April 'Jl at Merchants' Ex
ge, California street.
The deposition oi Miss Lillian Ashley; who is j
I Lucky Baldwin for $75,000 damages for i
ing hor, has been received.
in Moss, the recently appointed traffic i
_ger oi the Valley Road, yesterday as
;d ihe duties of his new position,
: ica, Kamsin, Fleur de Lis, William
ton, imp. Miss Brummel and Walter J !
the winners it Ingleside yesterday,
\s the result of the operations of the lotterv
-1 dealers about $1,000,000 has been ex- 1
•d from the people of the Pacific Coast,
omas Mullen, a circus performer, was ar- :
id for the second time yesterday for selling !
pools to boys outside the Ingleside racetrack. !
VV. J. Kennedy has been ordered to jail by I
je Slack until he pays his wife. Catherine |
nedy, the allowance the court awarded
her. I
1 ie wife of ex-Policeman John freely. 210 j
rch street, swore i out a warrant yesterday j
for his arrest lor beating her with his police I
.
icmas S. Atherstone, head bookkeeper of !
Singer sewing Machine Company, was ar- '
ed yesterday on the charge of felony em
dement.
Ie new intermediate class rates which are
0 into effect on May 1 show slight reduc- i
son eastboand business and decided ad- j
vances on westbound traffic.
The thirteenth session of the Grand Council '
of Chosen Friends was opened here yesterday
morning. The meeting of the council will j
probably continue four days.
Judge Campbell returned from Junction city, ;
Or.. Monday night after attending the funeral j
ot his mother, and opened court in Judge
Conlan's courtroom yesterday morning.
A newly horn baby boy that had been thrust !
into 1 hand-satchel and left in a vacant lot I
on Twelfth street to die yesterday morning
in' found by a boy in time to save its lite.
The contract for the raising of the British :
ship Bairmore. that recently capsized in Mis
sion Bay, was not let yesterday. Lloyd's agents i
could not agree as to the best method to be !
adopted. I
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa- !
tion is looking into the Eastern convict-made i
goods with a view of puttine a stop to the un
lair competition of these goods with those
made in this State.
A suggestion has been made to the Chamber I
of Commerce that the masters of sailing
vessel, be examined by a special board as to
their competency and be provided with proper j
certificates if found deserving.
The Kay City Wheelmen, who won the relay J
race Sunday, have been disqualified for ex
changing the packet too soon at the sixth sta- j
tion. The Garden City Cyclers, who finished j
second, may be awarded the cup.
The relief fund for the relatives of the men 1
who lost their lives in the Blairmore disaster '
is growing apace. Nearly a thousand dollars
has been subscribed, and the chances are it will
><c doubled before the week is out.
An employe of the Southern Pacific Company
was swindled out of £200 in Matt Kerr's sa
loon, Leidesdorff and Halleck streets, on Mon
day by the top and bottom dice game and the
police are looking for the swindlers.
The custody of young Theodore Marceau has
been awarded to Miss Emma Bennett, a
trained nurse at the Children's Hospital.
This method of disusing of the question was
arrived at by stipulation of all the attorneys.
P. H. Green, proprietor of a hardware-store
at 328 Valencia street, was struck by the San
Jose express train at the corner of Day street ]
and Railroad crossing yesterday and received j
injuries from which death resulted in half an
hour. y^^
Th*< Electric Bond Transfer.
The attorneys and all parties interested in
the purchase and sale of the .San Francisco and
San Mateo Railway were in Judge Seawell's
Court yesterday, for it was expected that an
order of court would be made confirming the
pale of the road by the receiver last Saturday.
Judge Seaweil decided that the sale received
confirmation from the decree ordering the
property sold. In view of that fact the matter
was ordered off the calendar. The receiver
will issue his certificate of sale, and upon that
the ownership of the road will change. There
has been no mention made of which side will
he responsible for the claims against the road
and it is probable they will all have to be
brought into court.
For Illegal Fishing.
Information was received by Deputy Fish
Commissioner Babcock yesterday that another
illegal fisherman had been arrested on the
Sacramento River and fined by a Vallejo
Justice ot the Peace.. Deputy John 11. Davis
arrested P. Risso while using an illegal seine
with which he had captured about 1000
pounds of bass and small fish below Benicia.
Justice la Mott fined Risso $100 and sent the
lish to several charitable institutions in and
Bear Vallejo.
NEW TO-DAT.
SCRATCH
AND
SCREAM
My baby broke out with a rash. He would
scratch and scream. It would take two to hold
Lira, and one to put medicine on him. We had
to hold him sometimes an hour before we could
get him quieted down. All said that they never
saw such a face or body on any baby as on him.
1 had to tie his hands tight in a cloth, night and
day, for five mouths. My sister had used CCTI-
( "Jit A, and I began to use it. After only one
application, he lay down and slrpta* he had not
for a month, poor little fellow. He has not a Bear
on him now, and is ns fair and his flesh isaa soft
as any baby. While he had this disease I bad to
cut the sleeves out of his clothes, and put gauze .
underwear on him to keep him cool. I had to
keep piece* of soft cloth around his neck, it was
M wet with moisture from the sores, and I had to
change the cloths sometimes ten or twelve times
»day. Mas. A. HAYNES, Lisbon, N. I).
Spbidt COM Tbbatmbict for Babt Humors —
Warm bath* with Ci'tituka Soap, and gentle applica-
tions of Ccticdba (ointment), the *r«.t akin cure.
Sold thro'ifhout the world. Pottib DbCO AST)
Cum. Coar., (Sole Props, Boston, U. 8. A. _ . __ >
■ - - .
ATTORNEY HAYNE
AND HIS RABBIT
The Ex-Judge Closes Every
Hole and Then He
Nabs Him.
IS THE LEASE INVALID?
Continuation of the Argument
in the Southern Pacific
Case.
SOME GOOD POINTS SCORED.
A Number of Cases Cited to Fix the
Range of a Corporation's
Rights and Powers.
Ex-Judge Hayne resumed his argument
oefore Judge McKenna of the United
States Circuit Court in the case of the
Southern Pacific Company against the
State Board of Railroad Commissioners
yesterday morning, occupying the entire
day. He devoted himself almost entirely
to the consideration of the lease of the
Central Pacific lines to the Southern Pa
cific Company. He contended the lease
was invalid and hence no lease at all, and
furthermore that one corporation could
not merge another into it without the con
sent of the power which brought both into
existence. This, he contended, had not
been done in the case at bar. The lease
could not be held to be a lease, but only a
business contract between two corpora
tions. '
In the afternoon Mr. Hayne resumed his
argument.
"In this case we are confronted by the
fact of an agreement," he said, "and that
agreement is to the effect that a division
of earnings was to be made between the
Central Pacific Railway and the Southern
Pacific Company, in virtue of which 6 per
cent of the latter's earnings should b
turned over to the former. Now the South
ern Pacific Company actually did the car
rying for which rates were charged. What
right, then, has the Southern Pacific Com
pany to share its earnings with the Central
Pacific?
"In the case of Richardson against
Drew, the court laid down the principle
that monopoly in trade or business is op
posed to the interests of the people. It is
called destructive alike to individual com
petition and prosperity. All combina
tions for cornering the necessaries of life
and arbitrarily fixing their prices are there
said to be a formidable menace to the pub
lic good.
"Likewise in the case of the State of Ohio
against the Standard Oil Company, it ap
pears from the opinion that monopolies
are to be generally regarded as opposed to
the spirit and letter of the common law.
A society having its own laws and rulers,
and having under its control commodities
or rights necessary to the well-being ofthe
public, cannot be upheld by the Law. This
was the principle which actuated the Su
preme Court of Ohio in striking down the
Standard Oil trust.
"It is one thing for the State to protect
the rights and properties of individuals or
corporations," continued Mr. Hayne,
quoting from a decision of the New York
Supreme Court in the North River sugar
trust, "but it is quite another matter for
courts to recognize, or much less create,
artificial privileges for persons or aggrega
tions of persons."
"Excuse me." interposed Mr. Garber,
"but does not the New YorK Supreme
Court in that case distinctly refrain from
deciding that the combination was ille
gal?"
"No, sir," retorted Mr. Hayne, hotly,
as he proceeded to read on; "can't you see
that the whole tone of the opinion is op
posed to monopolies?"
"Still," persisted Mr. Garber, "it seems
to me as though the court in that case re
fused in express terms to pronounce upon
the legality or illegality of the monopoly."
"Then why do they pronounce upon it.
as they do in the other part of the opinion ?
Why don't they say what they mean?
They ought to, anyhow."
Mr. Garber, by no means satisfied,
started to look up the decision quoted by
Mr. Hayne, ana having found it, one of
his associates started in to read it aloud.
"I protest against this interruption."
said Mr. Hayne. "If any one who may
wish can interrupt the argument, I shall
never get through. If the court wishes to
see the decision it can be read at any time
in private." ' '=■'": Jri
"You may proceed, Mr. Hayne," ob
served the Judge, with a half smile at the
attorney's impassioned plea for immunity
from interruption.
"In the case of the Texas Pacific Railway
against the Southern Pacific Railway,"
continued Mr. Hayne, ""a combination
for the purpose of strangling competition
was held to be adverse to the public good
and out of harmony with public policy.
There is a tendency among corporations,
even though they may hate each other, to
combine, where there is a prospect that by
so doing they may be able to corner the
public. This tendency is mischievous and
dangerous. Such combinations are in
themselves bad, and a menace to the pub
lic, even if not positively invalid. What- 1
ever may be done by such a combination,
whether good or evil, is not to betaken
into account by the court. The combina
tion itself is a bad thing, ana decided by
many courts to be opposed to the common
law."
"I would like to have a definite idea as
to the manner in which you regard this
contract between the two lines." inter-
I posed the Judge. "Do you call it a lease?"
i "I don't know what to call it," replied
! Mr. Hayne. "It is like nothing in the
heavens above, or the earth beneath or in
the waters under the earth. I don't see
why I should be the one to baptize such a
disguised service. It is a bad thing any
how and there is no salvation for it irre
! spective of baptism.
"Now the true rule in this matter is to
be found in the case of the Oregon Naviga
tion Company against Windsor."
"What were the facts in that case?" in
quired Mr. Garber.
"I haven't the case here," answered Mr.
Hayne, "but I know it lias some bearing
on this case. The decision is rendered by
Mr. Justice Bradley, whom I consider one
of the great Judges of the country."
"I am happy to concur with you on that
point," remarked Mr. Garber. "I refer
you understand, to your dictum in regard
to Justice Bradley."
"I am delighted to have your indorse
ment," rejoined Mr. Hayne, with a be
witching smile and a co'urtlv bow. He
then proceeded to quote a large number of
citations, all of which Mr. Garber carefully
noted down.
"In considering the points laid down in
these cases," he commented, "the court
must endeavor to penetrate all disguises
and subterfuges, and see the facts as they
are. If an act of a corporation be ultra
vires, and if this lease, or whatever it may
be called, be such an act, and furthermore
subversive of public policy, it ought to be
considered void under every respect.
Judge Sawyer has maintained that an act
ultra vires ; in the strict sense, that is to
say, without the range of the corporation's
powers, such an act is to be held absolutely
void. If any of the acts of the Southern
Pacific Company have been of this nature
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10, 1896.
they are and must be considered void.
This, however, does j not imply that the
great volume of business heretofore trans
acted under this contract should now be
ripped up and declared invalid. Tne law
may palliate and perhaps to some extent
legalize and revalidate what has been
done, but it cannot undertake to indorse
and ratify things to be done under this so
called lease in future."
Judge Garber here interposed to the
effect that Mr. Hayne was dealing prin
cipally on subtle refinements of legal
practice, and hinted that the point at
issue was being neglected. -
"You misjudge ; me," rejoined Hayne,
"but when I set out to catch a rabbit, I
always try to shut up all the holes. I've
got this rabbit pretty well cornered, and 1
want to close all possible avenues of escape
in order to catch him."
"And I want to catch my boat," quoth
Garber.
"It will take me only five minutes to
finish this point," pleaded Mr. Hayne.
"Yes, and it will take just five minutes
to make me lose my boat," said Mr. Garber
in no amiable tone"
"Court stands adjourned until 11 o'clock
to-morrow morning," said Judge Mc-
Kenna; and the rabbit remained at large.
BONDS DECLARED VALID.
The Supreme Court Sustains a Decision
by the Los Angeles Court.
The set of the Legislature passed
March 17, 1891, providing for the issuing
of bonds to defray the cost of street im
provements where the cost exceeds $2 a
front foot, has been declared valid by the
Supreme Court.
he opinion of the Supreme Court was
rendered in the appeal of I. N. Hillman
from an adverse, judgment in his suit
against the Treasurer of Los Angeles.
Uillman sued to enjoin the City Treas
urer from selling some property to pay
street-improvement bonds.
The Four-Masted German Bark Altair, on Which Captain Spille Employs His Men in the Work of
Discharging. The Stevedores Do Not Like It, but the Owners Are Money in Pocket.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
TOP AND BOTTOM DICE
A Southern Pacific Employe
Easily Swindled Out of
His Money.
Instead of Being Part Owner of a
Store in Alaska He Is Mourn
ing the Loss cf $200.
An employe of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company living in Oakland, in
stead of finding himself part owner of a
store in Alaska is mourning the loss
of $200.
Last week his eye caught an advertise
ment in the Examiner, "Wanted, a part
ner to go to Alaska." He wrote to the
number given, and received a reply to
meet the advertiser at the Examiner bulle
tin board at a certain hour last Saturday.
He was there at the appointed hour and
a well-dressed young man accosted him,
introducing himself as the advertiser.
While they were talking another man
joined them, and the advertiser intro
duced him as his friend Mr. Howard.
The advertiser explained that he • was
going to Alaska to open a general store,
and he wanted a partner who would have
to deposite $200 as his share of the stock to
be purchased. The Southern Pacific em
ploye was willing, and it was arranged
that he should bring the $200 with him on
Monday. yyy-
Monday morning the three again met
and they adjourned to Matt Kerr's saloon
on Leidesdorff and Halleck streets. They
had a few drinks, and the advertiser sug
gested a dice game. Howard took the
Southern Pacific man aside and explained
to him how easy it was to beat the game.
All he had to do was to bet on 21 both top
and bottom.
The bait took, and the Southern" Pacific
man put up his $200, which Howard took
possession of as stakeholder. The dice
was thrown and the Southern Pacific man
bet on 21. He was one too short, as 22 was
turned up, the dice having been fixed for
the occasion. Howard sneaked out of the
saloon with the $200, but the Southern
Pacific man held on to the other and
begged Kerr to send for a policeman.
Kerr refused, and after an hour's detention
the swindler succeeded in breaking away
from the clutches of his victim.
The police were notified yesterday morn
ing and Detective Anthony was detailed
on tne case. After making an investiga
tion a complaint was filed against Kerr
with the clerk of the Police Commission
ers, and he will be summoned to appear
before the board to-night to show cause
why his license snould not be revoked, the
police alleging that his saloon is a resort
lor "sharks" and gamblers.
_ « — » — • . —
lie Kept the Money.
E. H. George was arrested on a warrant yes
terday on the charge of misdemeanor embez
zlement. The complaining witness is Joseph
Sommers, a waiter, who alleges that on April
8 George called upon him with an order irom
H. Wehner, convicted of grand larceny, for
$25 to be paid to men who were to go on his
bonds. Sommers says he gave George the $25
and he spent it on his own pleasures.
• — ■*■ — » — . — -
Against the Injured Fireman.
The defense in the suit of Frank Lawlor
against the Southern Pacific Company moved
for a nonsuit at the close of the plaintiffs case
yesterday, but Judge Hunt thought the case a
good one for the jury to consider, and denied
the motion. The defense then put several em
ployes on the stand to describe the collision
from the company's standpoint. The testi
mony was not material. -
• — « — a
James; D. Page on Trial.
James D. Page, an ex-District Attorney, was
before Judge Wallace yesterday morning on a
charge of embezzlement. He is accused of ap
propriating #4000 belonging, to the estate of
Louis Lichneeker, an insane person, of whom
he had been appointed guardian. He was ap
prehended in the East while fleeing from the
indictment. Nine jurors were secured and the
case will continue to-day.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Bay Pilots Have a Grievance
Against the Southern
Pacific.
RUN WITH UNLICENSED MEN.
Captain Spille of the German Bark
Altair Has Made an Innovation
on Discharging.
The German four-masted bark Altair is
one of the handsomest and best kept ves
sels in port. Captain D. J. Spille has been
on her since her maiden voyage and his
boast is that a better-found ship does not
sail the seas; the sailors are treated to
the same food that is served in the cabin,
and there was never a growl until the
master insisted upon the men helping in
the work of discharging. They did not
mind the work, but they did object to be
ing guyed by the longshoremen, who
thought it a good joke to see sailors doing
work that the stevedore was paid for do
ing. Captain Spille made his point, how
ever. He kept his men at work and the
stevedores' bill was just that much less.
Hitherto the object of every ship captain
has been to get his men to desert as soon
as the sails were furled. In future they
will be held aboard and the stevedores' bill
will be reduced to a minimum.
The Altair is a four-masted German
barK, but was built in England three Years
ago. She is 300 feet 8 inches lone, 42 feet
2 inches broad and 24 feet 8 inches deep.
She is owned by Boyes & Ruyter of Bre
men.
The bay pilots have a grievance against
the Southern Paeilic steamers, audit will
come to be heard before the Inspectors of
Hulls and Boilers to-day. Some time ago
Captain Steve Stevenson of the Modoc
was disrated, and A. Paul, who used to be
wheelsman'on the Stockton steamer Cap
tain "Weber, was put in his place. He had
only been three weeks on the Stockton
run and knew nothing about the Sacra
mento River, so Captain Fouratt refused
to accept him as a pilot. The agent of the
railroad's steamers was determined to have
him, however, so he was transferred to the
Apache. Now comes the trouble. The
law says the candidate for the position of
pilot must have been employed three years
on the river, and during the last year, at
least, continuously. Paul has not been
employed on the Sacramento at all. and
the Pilots' Association is determined to
have a thorough investigation of the mat
ter.
Hitherto they have been shuffled from
the Collector of the Port to the inspectors
and then back again, but now they intend
making a test "case. Once before Agent
White got the better of them by putting a
man named Carson on the Apache as
pilot. While the association members
were complaining, first to the Collector
and then to the inspectors, Carson got his
license from the latter and that settled the
matter. Now comes the tug of war.
Captain Weyman of the wrecked
schooner Ellwood is going to make an
other attempt in Alaskan waters. When
on a codfishing expedition the vessel went
on the rocks and was lost, and ever since
the genial skipper has been without a com
mand. He has now purchased the hull
of the tug Lena L, and is going to
turn her into a gasoline launch. She is
only a small craft, but Captain Weyman
thinks he will have no. difficulty in reach
ing Alaska with her. After* reaching
Resurrection Bay she will go into the
trading business, and as the captain has a
number of caches on Cooks Inlet he ex
pects to do well on the gold fields.
The yacht Coronet that is to take a party
of scientists to Japan to view the eclipse
of the sun will probably get away on Sat
urday. Six of her crew deserted at Sausa
lito, but there was no difficulty in replac
ing them. The men who ran away had
too much money coming to them after
their long trip around the Horn, and they
did not know any quicker method of get
ting rid of it than by deserting.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday. President Colnon re
fused to approve the bill of the Williams
Aspbaltum Rlock Paving Company be
cause the work on Pacific-street wharf has
not been properly done. He also refused
to approve the bill for water supplied to
the tugs, on the ground that there was an
unjust discrimination in the rates charged
to tugs and shipping.
The captain of the revenue cutter Rush
'■ NEW TO-DAT.
jß¥iii¥i¥¥¥¥¥¥P»f ¥*»¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥K
5 T World's Best Natural Aperient Watei ij
I SViiiiiF^iii YaiiftCE 3
E* a»SBIIJf &MB w4&llw» j
5 Buyers should not allow any other water to be substituted, 2
5 <_^tlP*fe-\ but INSIST upon having the J
g (?^MySj_^^l^fe^ GENUINE bearing on the blue 5
m > ,w^W»^^^w'vS abe the signature of the firm 0
\^^mm&^ > "Andreas Saxleluier" |
aY - m
asked for a reduction in his dockage bill,
on the grounds that the Bear, following an
old custom, j was only jj charged quarter
rates, whiie he was charged "all the traffic
would bear." As the bills had been made
out and forwarded to the authorities at
Washington the Commissioners decided
that they could not do anything in the
matter- £'. n 'sk;
. The tug Fearless, while towing the ship
Louisiana to sea yesterday, broke her
valve stem and had to signal for assist
ance. The Alert took the ship to sea and
the Active brought the disabled tug back
to the wharf, where the work of repairing
was at once begun.
TO-MORROW'S AUCTION.
A Real-Estate Auction of Unusual In
terest to* Be Held'To-Morrow.
Much interest is manifested in real es
tate circles in the approaching sale of the
McCreery- block, which is bounded by
Baker, McAllister and Lyon streets, and
which is to be sold at auction to-morrow
in thirty-seven subdivisions.
Baldwin & Hammond, who have the
sale in hand, report an unusually large de
mand for catalogues, which is due no
doubt to the fact that I the property is in
side, ana in a section of the City where
building is quite lively.
Encourage Home Industry.
The Secretary of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association yesterday sent a letter
to the Spring Valley Water Company urging
the latter to use all California materials in the
construction of its proposed new building. In
conclusion he stated:
"There is hardly an article that it may be
desired to use in the erection of this structure
that cannot be obtained of California mate
rial equal in quality and price to that imported
from the East arid elsewhere, and we feel
assured that if you will Rive California manu
facturers an equal opportunity to bid on the
work and will exercise a preference in their
favor where prices and quality are equal you
will find it very much to your interest."
TO CUBE FOR THE CHILD
Little Theodore Marceau Will Be
in Miss Bennett's Cus
tody.
Both Parents May Visit the Boy When
ever They Please and Marceau
Will Pay Expenses.
For the present, at least, the custody of
Theodore Marceau Jr. has been decided
on. He will remain in the care of Miss
Emma Bennett, a trained nurse at the
Children's Hospital, he to stay at the hos
pital or anywhere within certain limits
she may see fit to take him, his parents
having at all times the right to visit him.
This method of disposing of what prom
ised to be a vexing question was the re
sult of a stipulation entered into be
fore court opened yesterday morning.
Mrs. Marceau and her attorneys, J. C.
Campbell; of Reddy, Campbell & Metson,
Garret McEnerney and F. H. Sh ort, and
Colonel Marceau with hisattorneys.Delmas
& Shortridge and ex-Judge Van R. Pater
son, were present, awaiting the coming of
Judge Slack, but before he ascended the
bench the attorneys all withdrew into the
Judge's chambers, and the spectators
waited another fifteen minutes.
At the end of that time Judge Slack
came, opened court and announced that in
the case of Marceau vs. Marceau the cus
tody of the child would lie awarded in pur
suance of a stipulation just entered into by
the attorneys in the case and which had
been dictated to the stenographer. The
clerk was ordered to enter the order ac
cordingly and the application for counsel
fees was then ordered put over for two
weeks.
The main case is still in the throes of a
compromise. The property question and
the charges against Mrs. Marceau are mat
ters upon which both parties can agree
amicably, but unon the custody of the
child there was always trouble.
Fractured Both I.ngs.
! Morris Beaver, 13 years of age, living with
his mother at A.'il\_ Sixth street, had both of
his legs broken yesterday morning. He is em
ployed in the American tool works, 109 Mis
sion street, and while going to | his work he
jumped on an empty truck driven by W. W.
Stewart. At Fifth street he was getting off the
truck when he fell and the wheels passed over
his legs. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and later to the City and County Hospi
tal. Stewart was arrested and charged with
battery. . t "■- yy
Drummers Must Pay.
Chico's ordinance imposing a tax of $50
a quarter on traveling salesmen has been sus
tained by the Supreme Court.
RAISING THE BLAIRMORE.
Every Bidder Has His Own
Theory as to the Method
to Be Used.
THE CONTRACT NOT LET YET.
Shipping Men Are Creating a Fund for
the Relatives of the Drowned
>:b Men.
The fate of the British ship Blairmore is
still unsolved. Just who will attempt to
raise her has not been decided upon and
the five wreckers that put in bids are still
on the tenter hooks. All the parties con
cerned met in the office of Catton, Bell &
Co. yesterday afternoon and offers rang
ing from $22,000 to $30,000 were opened.
Who was the highest and who the lowest
Lloyd's agents refused to give out, but the
bidders were: A. Robertson, Bassett &
Bishop, Alex Campbell Bros., Healy, Tib
bitts & Co., The California Wrecking Com
pany and T. P. H. Whitelaw.
All the contractors were called in, one
after another, and questioned as to their
methods. Robertson will use pontoons if
he gets the job. Whitelaw would send
down divers and remove the ringing and
masts. After that the hull would be towed
into low water and put on an even keel.
The work of pumping her out would then
be comparatively easy. Healy, Tibbitts &
Co. would drive clusters of piles around
the ship and by placing cables under the
hull would raise it bodily. In order to be
sure of their premises the firm had a pile
driver out in Mission Bay yesterday test
ing the resisting power of the mud." The !
California Wrecking Company is backed i
by the Risdon Iron Works and the chances j
are that if they secure the contract the
work of raising will be done by tugs.
Nearly all the contractors stipulate that
they will raise and dock the ship within j
sixty days, but if they succeed inside of |
three months many an old sea captain will
be agreeably surprised. Strange to say, |
the bid of the Union Iron Works for the j
raising of the Earl of Dalhousie was I
$22,000, but then the company lost over I
$15,000 on the transaction.
Captain R. White of the British ship
British Yeoman and Captain R. H. An
drew of the British ship Cromdale are a
committee appointed by the shipmasters
in port to raise a fund to relieve the wid
ows, orphans and relatives of the men who
lost their lives in the sad accident. Brit
ish Consul Wellesley Moore is treasurer of
the fund. The subscriptions so far re
ceived amount to $956 50, and the sub- i
scribers are as follows :
J. D. Spreckels & J. W. Warburton..? 5 00
Bros. $25 00 IlanKin 2 50
tour, Guthrie <_• *s. Ilankin 100
Co 25 00 "Wellesley Moore.. 5 00
J. J. Moore & Co.. 26 00 A. Mcßoyle 250 |
Sennett, Miller & I W. Chalmers... 500
Co 15 00 John Sloan 5 00
Wm. Wolff * Co. . 15 00 An Old Apprentice 500
Meyer, Wilson & Girvin <fe Eyre 500
Co 25 00 G. W. McXear 10 00
Stewart Menzies'-- 'Welch &Co ..... . 25 00
Co 25 00 Poped. Talbot .... 25 00
A. Scrivener 500 Wilfrid B. Chap-
Cash 1000 man 500
I.ouis T. Snow. ... 10 00 R. B. Hogue 5 00
.1. B. Whitney..., 10 00 Pacific line Lum-
E. C. Evans 10 00 her Co 1000
.I.C. Bea-lev 500 A. M. Simpson. . 500
Middleton ACo 500 1,. Davis 5 00
Ship owners and Eschen & Minor.. 15 00
Merchants Tow- J. stnlt- <_ c<> 10 00
boat Co 20 00 Both, Blum & Co. 20 00
Captain J. Metcalf 500 John ltosenteld's
San Francisco Pi- Sons : 25 00
lots • 5000 Eppinger&Co... 5 00!
James Boyes it Co 50 00; W. R. Grace & Co. 25 00 j
Mcpherson <fc Rich- Cash 2 00 |
ter IC °!
♦British Consulate Olticials.
The captains and officers of the under
mentioned ships subscribe as follows:
British Yeoman.. s42 00 Holt Hill 77 50
Cromdale 38 CO Verageau 18 00
Ellisiand 40 00 Celtic Race 24 50
Red Bock 45 00 Buteshire 30 00
Wulden Abbey ... _"_ 00 Gantock Rock (in
Arctic stream 3100 part) : 260
Thistle 37 00 Candor 2100
Captain W. S. Leale of the steamer Caro
line, with his usual liberality, has placed
the steamer Caroline at the disposal of the
committee, and an excursion around the
bay will be in order next Friday. All the
points of interest will be visited, and the
remains of the sunken ship will be seen at
low water. The fare will be $1, but as every
cent will no to tne relief fund now being
raised it v ill be a dollar well spent by any
one who enjoys a trip around tne bay.
NEW to-day:
t GET
COPY
Of your last pre-
oneof scription and bring
Our Customers. it to us and see the
difference in price from a store
that will not pay commission to
physicians.
Although our charges are
about one-half less we get just
as much as the druggist who
charges you twice as much, as
he is compelled to refund one-
half in commission to the phy-
sician. Do you see the point ?
! o:i=»_E_:_>-r iflLx_i]Ei -NTIC-S-ECT.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
OSS Market Street,
South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth. *
Mill DISEASES
-&Blfl™ SWATHE'S
ABSOLUTELY CTJHB3. OINTMENT
_■_* ilmpl» application at " Swim's Om-isr" wlthort -
__- int-rasl medicine, will cure an- eaac of Tetter, Salt '
B-enm.Rln_wonn,niea,ltc-,Sor_i,.implei.Kr-iipelaj,Jt-.
«o matter how obstinate or lent «t*ndln*. S*M by drniiriata.
er lent I>t mail for 50 et«. 3 Boxu. fI.H A.dr. .1 Da. .
Sob, F_ll-4»1. ___ Aik/ou4ncc_rttetti
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
by ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between sioclc;oa an. P. w»il
TO-NIGH AND KINO THE WEEK
An Over-Topping Specialty Co.
THE HE\VhT|st-nd I For One Week
LADY ZETA ~ | ' Only.
Last Week or the Favorites':
ROSIE KENDt-L, ELENA LEILA,
LA BELLA CARMEN,
ADONIS AMES,
SEGOMMER, THE NAWNS,
BRUEI AND RIVIERE, Etc.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony,' 10c; Opera cnalri
and Box seats. 50c. ,: ■ • . , • .
m K35- Hopkins' Trans-Oceanic Star Specialty Co.,
MOJJAY, April 20. • ■ *__
SUTRO BATHS
AND
PLEASURE GROUNDS. '
Firth "Wheel, Mirror Maze, Haunted
Suing and Punch and Judy always In
Operation on Merry Way. - .
Special Lessons Giveu by Expert Lady
and Gentlemen Swimming Teachers.
Admission. .....lo cents. Children....*.. 5 cents
Bathing - 25 cents. " 15 cents j
. NEW TO-DAT.'
f Napoleonic in
i^[\.ji« Napoleonic in
<wJ "& H§r its ascendant
(Wl 1\ f career— but its
}wS>3 !/ fame is as per-
jM§/TsSl)\ manent as a
fixed star.
I ||tt A small fac-
_BKr^^_--g m\ '\m simile of above
_\____W m __B « \_By tag is on each
-W^^-J cigar, Better
rWI I^H get the genuine
ammWaßmWmWammmmamVmmsmmammammWmmam^smmsmmmmsmn
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER
Al Hayman & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
— Engagement Limited to Three Weeks! —
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And His New York Garrick Theater Stock Co.
To-night and All This Week— ,
"BEAU BRUMMELL."
Monday and Tuesday,
"THE STORY OP HODIO.N, THE STUDENT."
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday Ev'gs and Sat. Mat.
"PRINCE KARL,"
Saturday Evenimr.
"OR. .IKKYLL AM) MR. HYPE."
lAU¥mn®yy
THEATRE' >«°"~
Krom 8 o'clock till half-past ten
You laugh and laugh ana laugh again.
PETER THE
F. in . NIGHT
DAILEY CLERK.
ONLY 6 TIMES MORE!
FRIDAY NIGHT, April 17— Testimonial Benefit
tendered MANAGER E. ROSEN B A UK.
Special Acts.
Next Monday— Roland Kef.d In "The Politician."
S^'^ALCAZAR
Matinee "Wednesday Pop" To-day.
ICE-CREAM AND CAKE FREE FOR ALL.
Surprising Success of the Old Favorite,
"CAD, THE TOMBOY."
THE G RON' E 8 AND A GREAT CAST.
MATINEE PRICES-lOc, 15c and 25c.
Monday, Debut of the Society Brilliante,
MRS. AUZERAIS HOYTE,
Sustained by Hereward Hoyte and an Incompar-
able Cast.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
cfe_^B^^
.rrtICDLAnQLR.OOTTLOD-i a- Lt..c-A!tcnAn«_Rj-"
EVERYBODY I THREE
IS TIMES
COMING I TO SEE
♦'PUDD'NHEAD WILSON."
i The Only Play in Existence That Can Draw the
People!
_E , _«._--_.-KrDH_, 3VE-A_"S"O
And His Excellent Company.
Monday Next— EZKA KENDALL in "A PAIR
yy.t OF kids."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Kkelino, Proprietor <fe Manager
SECOI\ D t7«7-e_e_:__x:
Of THK
'•:i_-_.j_:_c*-g-" strccsss!
The Magnificent Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD!"
-wwTJJrffiW iwi_nnn-WB-------iii-ttf ma r
NEXT SECOJB EDITIOM
The "Chevalier" Medley of Coster
Songs. «
NEW FEATURES!
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENINO AT EIGHT,
The Peerless Dramatic Pageant,
"MICHAEL STROGOFF"
Superb Scenery! Artistic Accessories I
Selected and Augmented Cast "-'' :.'p ;;.
£v_sisn Pkicej— 2s_ and Sis.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a >!*.'.•-',
Usual Sla.ineea Saturday ana Sunder'
THE AUDITORIUM.
Fkiedlander, Gottlob & Co., Lessees and Man-
agers.
To-morrow Night at 8 o'Clock,
The Eminent California Pianiste,
MISS CARRIE BOWES.
Her First Appearance Since Her Great European
Triumph, assisted by a Grand Orchestra.
JAMES HAMILTON HOWE, Condli?tcr.
Reserved seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THE FAMOUS SALT LAKE CITY
MORMON]
;— TABERNACLE CHOIR.
175 VOICES .'_
: 5 GRAND CHORAL CONCERTS
Commencing TO-NIGHT, to Sunday,
April 19 (Sacred Concert). . _;.- ■
NO MATINEES..
Concerts Begin at 8:15 v. m.
Prices (including reserved seat), $1 50 and 91.
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
v : AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION (Adults) IO CENTS.
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, sc.
T,y : ,y Ladles— Chutes, Weekday Afternoons. sc.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track..
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
y. , . (RAIN OH SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION 91.00.
Take Southern Faciric* trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p.m.
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand. $1. Take Mission-street electric line dlreos
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELSV W. a LEAKE,
President. Secretary.
78
STUFFED FOR TOE
LUST OF STUFFING
The Kelly-Mahoney Prim
ary Broke the Record
of Fraud.
ONE STUPENDOUS FARCE
Voters Were Three Hundred, but
the Votes Were Seven
Thousand.
,TWAS QUIET IN THE FOURTH.
The Shameless Pair Counted a Vote
Per Thirty Seconds With No
Voters in S'ght.
The farcical Kelly-Mahoney primary in
the Fourth Congressional District yester
day so transcended the stuffing record of
primary elections of any party in any city
that the stupendous fraud seemed to be
come an opera bouffe.
An aggregate of 300 legitimate votes, at
a liberal estimate, for the eleven assembly
districts were swelled to 7613. This was
done merely to give the election the ap
pearance of having been largely attended.
This was done, too, in the most open and
. nameless way ever exhibited by even such
conscienceless political tricksters as.Mar
tin Kelly and Jerry Mahoney, and the
arty riff-raff, on which they depend for
support alone with a few men of repute,
who through becoming soreheads or
through close friendship for Kelly and
Mahoney. to whom political debts are due,
have been induced to let these manipula
tors use their names.
The story of the primary yesterday in
the Forty-second District was about the
story of the day in all the districts. This
is a part of Mahoney's Senatorial district.
The polling-place on Taylor street pre
sented during the day a small Knot of men
aud two policemen, with occasionally a
voter coming and going. Mahoney had a
few of his boys around, and occasionally
they varied the monotony by picking out
a name from the register and voting again.
Ballots were dropped into the box by
haudfuls without the formality of tally
ing, and when the polls closed at 2 p. m.
not more than sixty votes were tallied ou
the tally-sheet.
Jerry Mahoney ordered about GOO votes
and when the polls closed the election
officers went to work on the two duplicate
tally-sheets and by rapid work just filled
out the big sheet with tallies opposite each
name.
When the first sheets were full they
simply took another, copied the ticket
down one side and filled out the oheet
with tally marks. This was done openly
in the presence of several witnesses.
The returns showed 631 votes cast.
There are 420 minutes in seven hours, and
the casting of 6SI legitimate ballots in
that time would have required one vote
every two-thirds of a minute.
This was the result at a polling-place to
which not thirty reputable Republicans of
the district came during the entire day,
end where the scene was throughout a
sleepy, listless one, with a few boys loaf
ing about and going to the corner occa
sionally for another beer.
These returns from Mahoney's district
were sent to headquarters, where they
were gravely received by Jerry and Martin
in the presence of others and slyly
chuckled over later.
In eacii of the eleven districts this story
was repeated. In the Twenty-eighth,
Kelly's district, the box was about filled
before 9 o'clock. Kelly didn't have much
money to buy beer, and he didn't even
scare up enough of a crowd to attract at
tention across the street. The few mem
bers of his old "push" who were on hand
voted in accordance with their pleasure
and industry. The Twenty-eighth re
turned 776 votes — nearly one for every
thirty seconds of the seven hours.
In the Thirty-second it was no trick at
at all for Jack Hoey to return 590 votes.
In the Forty-fifth Tom O'Brien hustled
about, trying to get a few real votes in,
but there was one record of two hours kept
when not even one voter appeared. The
Forty-fifth returned 613 votes.
These interested in the affairs of the
regular party primary of to-day did not
take enough interest in what was going on
to even watch the Keily-Mahonev prima
ries, and very few were impelled by curi
osity to visit any of the polling-places.
But then 7643 votes were returned, and
they fell to the districts, as follows:
Twenty-eighth District, 776; Twenty
ninth. 628; Thirtieth, Blo; Thirty-first, 804;
Thirty-second, 590; Thirty-third, 816;
Thirty-ninth, 942; Forty-second, 681;
Forty-third, 556; Forty-fourth, 322; Forty
fifth, ClB.
The total Estee vote of the Fourth Dis
trict was 11,034. The average vote to a
district according to Kelly and Mahoney's
returns was 095. This would be one vote
every three-fourths of a minute, and it
will be seen that in some districts a vote
every thirty seconds is recorded.
The primary election record of stuffing
and of falsifying returns was smashed to
smithereens yesterday. People last night
were amazed at the recklessness dis
played by such a record, which shows
stuffing for the mere lust of stuffing and
stuffing far beyond the criminal require
ments of a rump organization manipu
lated by two of the most infamous politi
cal parasites that have ever brought
shame to the Republican party in Kan
Francisco in the past.
These returns were taken to headquar
ters, where Kelly and Mahoney's alleged
Congressional committee — the one born at
midnight of two forged proxies— gravely
canvassed them in executive session. The
returns were formally approved and cre
dentials will be issued to the convention
delegates named on the tickets.
The primary, by the way, had another
odd feature. The ticket was a blanket one
and in all districts the nominees were
voted for. By this novel scheme each dele
gate will appear on the returns as having
received 7643 votes.
There was, of course, but one ticket in
each district and no opposition to any
body. Kelly and Mahoney had a hard job
making un their ticket in the first place,
scores of Republicans refusing to let their
names be used, and already there are signs
that many ofthe delegates" named will de
cline to act as delegates, finding Martin
Kelly and Jerry Mahoney more than they
can stomach even in politics.
it is by this gigantic fraud, shameless
methods and farcical proceeding that
Kelly and Mahoney are counting on being
able to deceive the ReDublicans of the
State at Sacramento, and by means of the
prestige, influence and little holds here
and there, which they would gain by even
a partial recognition, break into power in
San Francisco municipal politics.
Martin Kelly is too well remembered as
a Buckley Democrat until even Buckley
spurned him 3 ears ago and as the later
Republican bosslet who defeated Kstee to
receive distinguished consideration from
the Republicans of the State. Jerry Ma
honey lias clinging to him too large a pro
portion of the slimy mud from the depths
of local political corruption and is
too well known as a political trickster
who deals always' with Sara Rainey at
election time, and who is ever ready to
knife the rest of the Republican ticket in
the interest of- Mahoney to become a
favorite with the representatives of the
Republican party who will meet at Sacra
mento on May 5.
The Republicans of California are not
likely to be deceived by Martin Kelly and
Jerry Mahoney and their primary of yes
terday. _____________________________
A MARITIME REFORM.
Unique Suggestion Made With Refer
ence to Certificates for the Masters
of Sailing Vessels.
In a communication addressed to W. L.
Merry as president of the Chamber of
Commerce McNevin brothers call attention
to what they claim to be the general in- ,
competency of masters of sailing craft as |
compared with that of commanders of
steam vessels. As a remedy for this state
of affairs it is suggested that the Chamber
of Commerce in the plenary exercise of its
sound judgment, unaffected by either fear
or favor, nominate and appoint a most
critically selected Board of Examiners, j
practically and theoretica lly qualified as
experts and of fearless, unimpeachable j
integrity, whose sole exclusive duty should i
ba to pass upon the competency, tech
nically, mentally and morally, of sailing I
masters (despite the possession by them of j
navigation school certificates), who are ap- j
plicants for command of a vessel.
This communication further states that
''a certificate from such a source would be
more esteemed than one issued by a board
created by law, as such a board would
have some political or partisan taint about
it and politics and corruption have be
come convertible terms in these days."
EXPECT THE CONVENTION
Local Endeavorers Are Working
Hard for the Na
tional.
The Same Railroad Rates Can Be Se
cured as Were Prongs. d the
Republicans.
A strenuous effort will be made to secure
the Christian Endeavor convention of '97
for this City.
Rolla T. Watt, the energetic chairman
of the " '97 committee," appointed for that
purpose, said yesterday that he had every
reason to believe the same railroad rates
could be secured for the Endeavor conven
tion as had been offered the Republican —
$50 for the round trip from Chicago.
"Why not?" said he. "Won't we bring
more people here than the Republicans
could possibly have got together? It is
a business proposition."
The committee will soon issue an appeal j
; to the public for a guarantee of $20,000 for I
i the expenses of the convention, and ex
| pects a generous response from the citizens
who were so liberal in view of the hoped
| for political convention. At least three
halls must he rented, for it will be neces
| sary to hold parallel meetings. It will
require 15.000 chairs to seat the visiting
and local delegates. The expense of special
literature for the occasion will be heavy,
; and there is no doubt that the sum men
, tioned will scarcely cover the necessary
j expenditures. J ...ry
William Shaw, the treasurer and man
! of affairs of the World's Society of Chris
; tian Endeavor, will arrive from Tacoma
; Saturday and speaK in Oakland that even
j ing. On Sunday at 2p.m. he will address
I a big meeting at the auditorium of the
' Young Men's Christian Association. The |
' meeting will be under the auspices of the
'. Golden Gate Christian Endeavor Union.
. Mr. Shaw will be a guest at the Palace
Hotel during his stay in the City, which
! will be brief. He will go to San Jose on
j Monday and deliver an address in the
Garden City the same evening. He will
return to San Francisco on Tuesday and
leave that afternoon for Los Angeles.
Mr. Shaw's avowed purpose in visiting
the coast is to secure an interest in the
International Christian Endeavor Conven
tion to be held at Washington in July. He
I will, however, consider the advantages of
this City as a place of meeting for the next
National convention. Local Endeavorers
are organizing effective lines of action in
order to secure Mr. Shaw's recommenda
tion of this location. That gained they
feel that the remainder of the conquest
will be easy.
X-RAYS UNO BACILLI
Le Conte on the Importance of
Their Reported An
tagonism.
The Veteran Scientist Hopes That
the Germ-Destruction May
Be Possible.
"The only thing I have- to say with
regard to the reported destruction of
bacilli by the Chicago physicians," said
Dr. Joseph Le Conte to-day, "is that the
importance of the matter is so very great
that we can well afford to wait with sus
pended judgment until their results may
be further confirmed. Indeed, we may
sincerely hope that what they claim will
be wholly supported by competent author
ities.
"It may be very true that the X-rays
will destroy bacilli when they are inde
pendent of living tissue, as the experi
mentors in Chicago claim, but there the
question arises whether they can be killed
when in living tissue. The X-rays in de
stroying the bacilli and other disease
germs may also destroy the tissue in
which these germs are seated.
"The true effect which the rays will have
will, of course, come in time. Experi
ments along, this very same line have not
escaped the notice of the prominent physi
cians and scientists in France, Germany
and in New York. Numbers of them have
conducted tests of the effects of the X-ray
on bacilli, but all with negative results, so
far as is known, and hence positive results
must be reliable in the extreme to offset
these negative ones. I shall watch with
interest the developments in the case, real
izing the great importance which it will
have in the medical world if proved to be
a successful means of destroying bacilli in
living tissue. /.
--"I only hope that what Dr. Pratt and
Professor Wightman believe is possi
ble to be done with the ray in destroying
disease germs will prove to be a reality,
but certainly the evidence must be very
strong in its favor before the negative re
sults of other eminent scientific men can
be overthrown. This is all I have to say
in relation to the matter at the presant
time."
Court Vacation.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Bar Asso
ciation held on Friday, April 11,1890, the
following resolution regarding the court vaca
tion for this year was adopted:
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Bar
Association of San Francisco that the court
vacation commence on the Ist day of July and
end on the 15 th day of August.
Champion Mining Company.
. At the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Champion Mining Company held yester
day the following board of directors was
elected: Gus Kartschokc, president; Harry
Mohr, vice-president; FrederickZeitler,super
intendent; Dr. A. Wllhelm, Joseph A6sion, J.
S. .Schuster, James Moock, J. S. Ott.
Goodness, gracious! ' I'm well already. How
quickly Mitchell's Magic Lotion acts 1 *
THE SAN ERAS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896.
GENEROUS RIVALRY
AT THE POLLS
The Regular Republican
Primaries of This
Afternoon.
*~y
FIVE CONTESTS APPEAR
District Home Rule Will Make
Things Lively Here
and There.
.. . ,- i
THE OFFICERS AND NOMINEES, i
-
Names of Most of the Local Republi
cans Who Will Go to the State
Convention.
The party interest in the Republican
primary in both the Fourth and Fifth dis
tricts to-day is deep and keen, and a
heavy vote is promised.
The interest and activity that are dis
played in every district are proof of the
high spirit, confidence and vim with
which the Republicans here are entering
on a momentous Presidential campaign,
for the election to-day concerns solely the
selection of the eighteen delegates who
will represent California in the National
Convention at St. .Louis.
To represent the party in the work that
is to shape its destinies is a worthy ambi
tion, and one that is felt by many mem
bers of the party. Some wish the honor
for themselves, more are deeply interested
in seeing Republican clubs to which they
belong represented in the Suite conven
tion, and others are backing their friends
for the honorable goal. ";-*'yy
Out of this and this only has grown the
rivalry in some of the districts which will
result in opposing tickets being in the
field to-day. In a great majority of the
districts all elements have agreed upon
one ticket, men and organizations of large
district influence being given the
privilege of naming one or more of the
few who will make up the delegation.
In four or five districts rival tickets are
apt to be voted to-day, and these districts
will be especially lively between the hours
of 1 and 7 r. m. to-day.
There is seldom a trace of bitterness in
these contests, however.
They are rivalries that will not endure
when the later issues come to the front,
when tbe delegates to St. Louis have
named a Presidential candidate, and all
Republicans are out whooping for him to
gether.
The contests of to-day are one result of
the policy pursued by John O. Spreckels
and the Republican County Committee.
Mr. Spreckels has riser, above the petty,
tricks of scheming bosses and instituted a
party regime of fairness, equality and
honesty.
More than that, he has favored district
home rule, and has left district affairs to
be settled by the voters of the districts, in
terfering only in the way of endeavoring
to produce harmony. "
The County Committee has pursued the
same policy, and so any existing issues
will be settled fairly and squarely at the
polls to-day. The nominees who get the
most votes will no to Sacramento.
Yesterday the contests that seemed
likely to occur in the Thirty-fifth and
Thirty-sixth districts were settled.
There is a likelihood that two tickets
will be in the field in the Thirty- third,
Thirty-fourth, Thirty-seventh, Fortieth
and Thirty-ninth districts. In the Thirty
fourth Dawson Nichols is leading an op
position, and in the Thirty-ninth there is
opposition to the regular ticket from tbe
district club. ; .' ._
Leon Dennery, whose seat was declared
vacant in the County Committee on ac
count of non-residence, will hold a primary
of his own in that district to-day.
The following is a partial list of the elec
tion officers and nominees in the various
districts:
Fourth Congressional District.
Twenty-eighth District, polling-place No. 1—
Inspector, P. Connors; judges, F. Peterson,
George Van Glahn; clerks, John Durwin, M.
Corny ting.
Poling-place No. 2— lnspector, E. W. Hanghy,
judges, T. Dnnahey, J. Loney; clerks, John E.
O'Brien, John Connolly.
Nominees— James H. Daley, W. p. Russell,
Henry D. Miller, Thomas J. Tully, Albert
Houston. ;"*•'-
Twenty-ninth District, polling-place No. 1—
Inspector. George Bryant; judges, S. Taussing,
Charles Heppler; clerks, Joseph Hallett, I*.
Bradley.
Polling-place No. 2— lnspector, James Due;
judges. J. B. O'Reilly, R. H. Shea; clerks,
Thomas Lin. key, E. S. Foley.
Nominees F. Hageman, J. T. Cook, D. J.
Crowley, E. J. Smith, J. McNamara.
Thirtieth District, polling-place No. 1—
spector, Charles Miner; judges, E. Heiden
rich, E. Foster; clerks, L. Isaacs, J. Theobold.
Polling-place No. 2— lnspector, Thomas Is
rael; judges. John Thompson, Joseph Cronin;
clerks, R. 8. Roberts, William Page.
Nominees— E. B. Griffith, C. F. Metzner, I. S.
Cohen, J . Gilleran, H. Benjamin, F. E. Wal
lace.
Thirty-first District, polling-place No. I—ln
spector, Joseph Hynes; judges, John F. Ryan,
T. B. Goodwin; clerks, George Simpson, T.
Sullivan.
Polling-place No. Inspector, Charles Mar
tin; judges, William Holland, H. Borman;
clerks, M. McDonald. Patrick Cahil.
Nominees— William Smadeke, J. F. McGlynn
D. K. McMullen, J. F. Goodwin, P. Dolan.
Thirty-second District, polling-place No.l
Inspector, A. H. Cook; judges, W. Ballinger,
Jerry Lucy; clerks, John Ahem, Samuel Ham
ilton.
Polling-place No. ' Inspector, Thomas
Henry; judges, Thomas Greenlaw, W. Green;
clerks, John Duff, Frank Adams.
Nominees— Thomas C. Duff, John Hellman
John A. Buck, Zach T. Whitten.
Thirty-third District, polling-place No.l—
Inspector, Frank Pendergast; judges, Pat
O'Brien, Mark Hackill; clerks, Fred Karra;|Ben
Knipe.
Polling-place No. Inspector, Daniel Bpell
man: judges, Olut Riccomi, John White;
clerks, Harold Holman, Robert D. Turner.
Nominees— J. C. Welch, J. A. C. Dierks, J. E.
Roster, Louis Holden, Thomas Kendricks,
Charles Brown. *
Thirty-ninth District, poling-place No. I—ln
spector, C. F. Breldenstein; judges, George
Johhsou, T. Whelan; clerks, L. Usher, G. F.
Cody.
Polling-place No. Inspector, Thomas R.
Riding; judges, Amos Currier, John Hanlon;
clerks, G. 8. Graham, M. S. Torres.
Forty.second Distric, polling place No. 1—
Inspector, William Hudson; judges, George
Little, J.W. Slater; clerks, Thomas H. Bar
clay, A. L. Dille.
Polling place No. 2— lnspector, Jack Reilly;
judges, Arthur Denning, John Willis; clerks,
Lon Henry, John Cramer.
Nominees— F. S. Chadbourne, Harry N. Gray,
John M. Chretien, Thomas D. Riordan, O. L.
Swett, H. A. Kuchmeister, Dr. G. I. Drucker,
Milton D. Garratt.
Forty-third District, polling place No. I—ln
spector, Eugene Jackson; judges, J.J. McNeece,
11. Harford ; clerks, Ed Sweeney, J. J. Fogarty.
Polling place No. Inspector, William Mit
chell; judges, George ■ Herrin, Thomas Moran ;
clerks, Thomas Kelly, R. C. Barthrop.
Nominees— J. A. Cunningham, A. W. Martin,
John Lackman, M. J. Flynn, Fred Lundquist,
Charles Sonntag, David Connors.
Forty- fourth District, polling-place No. 1—
Inspector, Alfred .Bourquin; judges—
Bacigalupi, G. dc Martini; clerks,, Joseph Mer
ani, Thomas Mullen.
Polling-place No. 2— lnspector, E. M. Buck
ley; judges, Thomas F. Graham. Lloyd Cham
bers ; clerks, Thomas Ringeh. Chris Heller. > -
Nominees E. C. Palmier!, George Waterman,
John J. Gleason, D. W. Wessenberg, R. L. Clark,
G. Bacigalupi.
Forty-tilth District, polling-place No. I—ln
spector, W. E.Bates; judges, Joseph Barbetta,
Louis Kirschbaum; clerks, Joseph Rlordan, A
W. Branch.
Polling-place No. 2 -Inspector, Harry W.
Lewis; Judges, Joseph O'Hanlon, Peter Thomp
son; clerks, Eugene Valente, Oscar Lewis.
Nominees — Thomas F. Daffy, William D.
nood, William Lennox, James Carr, Emil Bor
zone. ..y - . . . .'_......
Fifth District.
Thirty-fourth District, polling-place No. 1—
Inspector, Neai Henry- ; judges, Ed Madison,
« V„ Baker : clerks, Charles Mayers, R. Kirov.
Polling-place No. Inspector, W. W. Uhan;
judges, Conrad Hildenbrand, John H. Harney:
clerks, C. Esterbrook, John McEwar.
.Nonimees— J. K. C. Hobhs, S. L. Lent, Cord
H.-Wetjen, George W. Elder, E. B. Smith,
Harry Beasley,-E. W. Eusti.e. Henry Buttner.
Thirty-fifth District, polling-place No. 1—
Inspector, Buron Kelly; judges, R. B. Freder
icks, E. H. Herrick; clerks, Eugene Cutting, J.
11. Rawe.
Polling-place No. 2— lnspector, R. H. Staf
ford; nidges. E. A. Grant, W. K. Plumb; clerks,
H. Collins, W. H. Macv. --..
Nominees: John D ."Spreckels, John D. Daly,
D. I. Newkirk, c. M. Depew, D. F. Mulville, E.
N. Torrello.
Thirty-sixth dlst-ict, polling-place No. 1—
Inspector, Thomas Jackson; judges, N. E.
Maison, W. Wright; clerks, W. Lawson, Frank
McQuaid.
Polling-place No. 2— lnspector, Frank French ;
judges, John Namery, W. Teigler; clerks, L.
Rosenthal, M. Granville.
Nominees— W. H. Chapman, W. S. Thargood,
H. Smith, W. Linden, J. McCarthy, Charles
Lempe. A. E. Holmes.
Thirty-seventh District, polling-place No. 1—
Inspector, Charles H. Ward; judges, Frank
Lang, Charles Toomey ; clerks, George Philbon,
John Curtis.
Polling-place No. 2— lnspector, J. T. Bren
nan ; clerks, T. F. O'Neil, Frank Cornym.
Nominees— c. O. Burton, G. A. Wentworth,
John H. Hegler. John H. Gray, A. J. Raisch.
James Alva Watt, Fred Eggers, John Galla
gher, yy
Thirty-eighth District, polling-place No. 1—
Inspector. J. J. Conlon; judges, J. Strauss, J.
Harris; clerks, B. Kohlman, George Rohe. '
Polling-place No. 2— lnspector, John Piatt
Jr. ; judges, John Keefe, James F. Roberts;
clerks, p. Ward ; T. Brigaerts.
Nominees— L. Koster.W. 8. Ray, Andrew
McElroy, E. P. Barrett, Gustave Pohlman, E. H.
Ai-eltinger, Richard O'Donnell.W. A. Halsted.
Fortieth District, polling-place No. I—ln
spector, S. M. Bettman ; judges. Joseph Brooks,
Robert Young; clerks, George H. S. Dryden, F.
J. Bauer.
Polling-place No. 2 — Inspector, William
K linger; judges, A. Lobe, Lott D. Morton;
clerks, A. Peckerman, O. G. Hallett.
Nominees— Brooks, William Wilkinson,
W. D. Cole, B. I). Pike, John C. Nobmann, H.
W. Miller. Bert F. Miller, John B. Carson,
Thomas Eager.
Forty-first District, polling-place No. 1—
Inspector, W. Reed; judges, J. D. Daley, P.
Callsen; clerks, J. 11. Mixen, J. T. Brady.
Polling-place No. 2— lnspector, Howard Ver
non; judges, James Hogan, J. Caronson; clerks,
John Wright, J. M. Woods.
Nominees— O. D. Baldwin, Wallace Bradford,
J. D. Boyer, I. F. Kydd, Edward Fox, Charles
Wilkinson, George T. Phelps, R. A. Grler,
Charles Burden. ;
District Meetings.
There was an enthusiastic meeting of
the North Beach Republican Club of the
Forty-fourth District held last evening at
604 Lombard street. A resolution was
passed indorsing the action of County
Committeeman Baecigalupi in dividing
delegations impartially and the manner
in which he brought the elements in the
Republican ranks in the district together
in harmony.
John T. Dare and T. V. Eddy delivered
spirited addresses at the meeting of the
Howard Republican Club, which met in
Pythian Castle last night. Thomas F.
Graham introduced a resolution, which
was adopted, congratulating the Repub
lican County Committee upon its action
in providing open primaries, and pledging
the support of the club at the primaries.
At a meeting of the joint committee of
the federated Republican clubs of the
Forty-first Assembly District, composed
of the McKinley Club, the Republican
Executive Council Club and the Presidio
Heights Republican Club, a ticket was se
lected for delegates to the State Conven
tion, and each club was pledged to sup
port the ticket so named. The delegates
chosen are: O. D. Baldwin, "Wallace Brad
ford, J. D. Boyer, I. F. Kydd. Edward
Fox, Charles Wilkinson, George T. Phelps,
[ R. A. Grier and Charles fsurdett.
The Folsom Republican Club of the
Tenth Ward organized last night at Fourth
and Tehama streets and seventy-eight
members signed the roll. The following
officers were elected: President, John Ken
nedy; vice-president, John Hannon; sec
retary, Joseph R. Smith; treasurer, An
drew Shakes; sergeaut-at-arnis, Peter
Wall. . y^"-" -"
MOSS TAKES CHARGE.
The Traffic Manager of the Valley Road
in Harness.
John Moss, the recently appointed traffic
manager of the Valley road, assumed the
duties of his office yesterday, It is not
expected that the road will be ready for
business until the last of July. Some
freight might be carried at the present
time, but to undertake any transportation
work now would interfere with the prog
ress of the construction work. It is the
purpose of the new road not to undertake
to do any business until it is thoroughly
equipped and in position to handle it in an
expeditious and satisfactory manner.
It is all that the rolling-stock now in
service can do to keep the material moving
to the front as rapidly as it is needed, and
before any attempt is made to carry freieht
or passengers a considerable addition will
be made to the rolling-stock.
Although there will be no business to
look after for at least three months, Mr.
Moss will find his every hour occupied in
getting through the large amount of neces
sary preliminary detail work, such as
ascertaining what tariff schedules are re
quired, making up these schedules and de
vising the manifold blank forms required
in the railroad business. His headquarters
will be at the present offices of the Valley
road. . 'yy:- •'.''.-•
Central Pacific Officers Re-elected.
At the annual meeting of the stocKholders of
the Central Pacific Railroad Company all of
the old board of directors were re-elected
unanimously. They are as follows: Isaac L.
Requa, C. P. Huntington, William H. Mills, I.
E. Gates, C. E. Bretheiton, F. E. Spencer
and Charles P. Eells. Later the directors met
and re-elected all the former officers. These
are: Isaac L. Requa, president; C. P.Hunt
ington, vice-president; William H. Mills, sec
ond vice-president; I. E. Gates, third vice
president; W. M. Thompson, secretary and
auditor.
Out of the 672,755 shares of stock outstand
ing, 392,000 were voted, mostly by proxy.
Filled Cheese Seized.
William Vanderbllt. the State Dairy In
spector, has seized a quantity of filled cheese
aggregating in the neighborhood of 125
drums. Large quantities of oleomargarine
were seized at the same time in Los Angeles,
but this City Is reported to be entirely free
from the sale of this latter article.
Against Bituminous Pavement.
The Draymen and Teamsters' Union sent In
a protest to the Board of Supervisors yesterday
against the bituminizing of Market street.
The communication stated that a bituminous*
pavement was not calculated to facilitate the
work of the members of the union, and that a
committee would explain the matter at any
time the board desired.
The Ways of Authors.
Industry and perseverance, "an infinite
capacity for taking pains," ii they are not
indeed genius itself, as has been "paradox
ically said, form at least the indispens
able accompaniments to it. Mr. Rider
Haggard declares that he writes his books
simply by keeping at work on them. And
the industry of Mr. Rudyard Kipling may
be measured by the fact that he is said to
have written ""The Record of Badalla
Herodsfoot" seven times over, and then
to have made considerable corrections on
the proofs. The late Professor Huxley,
was another writer whose industry in per
fecting his literary expression was only
rivaled by his genius. :..
Strikingly contrasted with this necessity
for industry have been the pe:sonal in
clinations of some conspicuous writers.
Thackeray confessed that his besetting sin
was laziness he could , never write, he
said, till the printer's devil was at his
door. The story, again, is told of Dickens,
how once in a stationer's shop, he was
startled by hearing a lady at the counter
inquire whether the next number of a cer
tain novel, then appearing in monthly
parts, were out yet. Little -did the cus
tomer guess that the next part ofthe story
was not yet in existence, and that the gen
tleman at her elbow, in fact, stood there
for the purpose of buying the paper upon
which he in 1- tided' to go home and writ*
the chapter asked for.— Chambers' Journal.
NEW THROUGH
FREIGHT RATES.
Class Schedule of Those
Applying to Intermedi
ate Points.
CALIFORNIA IS FAVORED
Eastbound .Traffic to Move Under
Lower Charges Than
Heretofore.
WESTBOUND BATES ADVANCED
Terminal Class Rates Probably Abo!
ished— Details Regarding the
Commodity Tariff.
Confirming the news of the advance in
rates, to go into effect on May 1, as pub
lished exclusively in yesterday's Call,
comes a dispatch from Chicago, where the
new schedules are being prepared and
printed, giving the new intermediate class
rates that will prevail from and after the
date mentioned.
In order to enable shippers to make a
convenient comparison of the new with
the prevailing eastbound rates, both are
given in the appended table.
Rates in cents per 100 pounds from San
Francisco:
. 1
New York, Boston and common points.. {oi ce i W '
rlttsburtf, Buffalo anil common points... {giT"
{ points.. Cincinnati, common Detroit and
common (
Mississippi Klver and common points. .. | yij W-
Missouri River and common points | U^'
400
420
380
401)
375
395
330 280
350
370 -96 360 295
370 ~V6
345. '27 5!
320 270
310 270
820 260
305
320
2
285
300
3
260 j 3
260 250
260,
230
220
21li'
12161
210 210
210
205
sou 4
200 200
19.V
200
190
105
'185
100
ISfi
175
ISO
170
175
800
200
...
1190 !
l'J5
185
190
I
!
18-2
175 |
175
176 140
180 145
170 13r>
176j140
1
1
165
170
l
i
155 | 1
155 155
155
186
135'
'140
U
135
I
135
130
Ll
120
125
iao
'120
M
120
h
i!l5
»
no
1115
D
106
110
,115
110
115
110
116
105
110
100
105
I 96
100
It will be seen that no change is made in
either third or fourth class rates, and that
in all other cases there is a reduction rang
ing from 2 cents to 20 cents per 100 pounds.
In this connection it may be stated the
eastbound rates here quoted are also ap
plicable to the westbound, and it is in
these that the important changes are
made, as heretofore the westbound rates
have been considerably lower than the
eastbound.
All terminal class rates, it is understood,
are to be abolished. No details have yet
come to hand on the commodity rates
under which at least 75 per cent of the
westbound traffic is moved, and even a
larger percentage of the eastbound busi
ness comes under those rates. It was in
reference to the effect of these changes as
a whole that the statement was made in
The Call yesterday that there would be
an average advance of 25 per cent in all
transcontinental rates, and this assertion
is borne out by these latest developments.
These rates are considerable of a surprise
to those who have been led to believe for
several weeks that they would show a gen
eral advance.
All the roads which are members of the
new association are busily a. work prepar
ing their new schedules for the printer, and
it is expected that they will be ready for
distribution to allow the new rates to be
come effective on May 1, after the necessary
ten days' notice to the public
C. F. Smurr, the general freight agent of
the Southern Pacific Company, who has
been representing his company at the Mil
waukee meeting, is expected back by Tues
day of next week.
ROW OVER AN ELECTION
Trouble Over the Selection of
the Building Trades*
Agents.
How the Shinglers' Union May Be
Admitted Into the Central
Council.
The election of two walking delegates or
business Jagerits for the Building Trades
unions last evening, was productive of
anything but satisfactory results. Those
positions were held recently by R. T. Mc-
Ivor and H. M. Saunaers, with the under
standing that they should hold only until
permanent agents could be selected at a
general election by all -of the affiliated
unions. Last night the election was held
at 115 Turk street and a good, representa
tion was present. . ._.:%.
. The candidates were W. Danielson and
R. T. Mclvor of the Painters' Union, and
H. M. Saunders and C. F. Scbadt of the
Carpenters'. ' Although the position of
walking delegate is worth only $3 50 per
day at present, the election was extremely
exciting. The ballots were printed slips
bearing the heading of the Building
Trades Council, and spaces for two names.
After a series of wrangles the ballots were
called in and the announcement was
made that R. T. Mclvor and C. P. Schadt
had been duly elected. Then came a
rumpus. It was openly charged that the
sacredness of the ballot had been grossly
violated and that ballots had been
stuffed in by the handfull, the extra slips
having been received from the outside.
launders and his friends state that they
will appeal to- the council and to the
unions to have the election declared void
upon the ground of irregularity and fraud.
- The members of the building trades
unions are highly gratified over the action
of the Parrott estate people .in awarding
the contract of the finishing of the base
ment to union contractors. When the
strike ou the Parrott building was called
off last week Superintendent Stanford as
sured the representatives of the Building
Trades Council lhat Charles J. Bru.chke
would not be permitted to figure upon any
more contracts before his present contracts
are completed, and that the other contracts
in his line of work would be let before
Bruschke could get around to bid for more
work. Yesterday the bids for the base
ment were sent in, and the union people
are pleased that Stanford kept faith with
them. The contract will amount to about
$14,000.
The recently organized shinglers ap
plied to the Building Trades Council a few
weeks ago for admission as a union. The
council declined to seat the delegates at
once. It was claimed that the shinglers
have been performing, work that more
properly came under the head of car
pentering and it was desired to adjust the
differences between the two crafts in order
to avoid trouble and conflicts in the fu
ture, and the matter was referred to the
several carpenters' unions. Last evening
the subject was discussed in unions 483
and 304 and it was decided to recommend
the admission of the shinglers' union
into the council upon the agreement that
the shinglers will work only on the roofs—
that is, that they will not do any repair
ing, laying of sheeting or shingles on the
side walls. It is believed that upon these
lines the two classes of workmen can labor
and not conflict with each other. Union
483 initiated fifteen new members last
evening. yy'
Within the past two weeks the question
has been discussed in the Building Trades
Council whether plasterers can put ma
terial on laths laid by non-union lathers.
This matter was discussed last evening
at the meeting of the Plasterers'
Union. A report was made from the
special committee from the Plasterers',
lathers' and hod-carriers' unions, which
met on Sunday. The committees decided
to make the following recommendations:
That no union plasterers shall cover non
union lathing: that no union lather shall
work for a non-union boss plasterer, and
that the union hod-carriers snail not carry
materials to any but union men. The
recommendations were satisfactory to the
Plasterers' Union. The lathers at their
meeting last night also adopted the
recommendations.
At the meeting of the Sandstone-cutters'
Union last evening the report was made
that the outlook. for better times is good.
Several large, buildings are about to be
erected and will" give employment for
nearly all the sandstone - cutters in the
city.
The Painters and Decorators' Union held
a long meeting last evening, and many
reports were made that the shops in this
City are gradually becoming unionized.
As an evidence that the painters' strike is
gradually drawing to an end was an action
declaring off the 50-cent per day assees
ment upon all working painters.
This assessment was levied when the
strike was at its height and when it was
decided that all painters at work in ''fair
shops" pay 50 cents a day into the strike
relief fund. While many worthy people
were relieved the committee was sadly im
posed upon by men who would rather
draw on the relief committee for money
than work. As the majority are now able
to find work the assessment was stepped.
Eighteen of St. Denis & Co.'s men were in
itiated.
The Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union
last evening initiated four new members.
At the meeting of the United Garment
Workers last evening nine applications for
membership were received. The union
will have a membership of 125 when these
are accepted.
Business Agent Saunders of the build
ing trades reports that Galloway & Town
ley's job, erecting a shed on the Howard
street wharf, is now fair. The contract
ors, he states, have promised to work the
men only eight hours, as required by law,
instead of nine, ns contemplated.
The Metal-roofers' Union went into per
manent organisation last night at 115
Turk street, and adopted a constitution
and by-laws. In the preliminary meeting
there were seventy-three roofers, and
forty-five more joined last evening. The
officers elected were: President, J. T. Mc-
Grath; vice-president, P. J. McDonald;
recording secretary, J. F. McGowan ; finan
cial secretary, F. Karr; serjeant-at-arms,
P. Dempsey ; financial committee— Charles
Willis. J. McGuire and J. Mcc; delegates
to the Building Trades Council— T. Carroll,
W. Taylor and M. Hughes-
KEARNS SWORE FALSELY
Bonds That "Were Not Acceptable to
Acting: Police Jndge Groe
ziiiger.
Michael Kearns, who gave his address
as 443 Minna street, is quite likely to get
himself into trouble with the Police De
partment if he can be found. On Monday
evening he presented himself to acting
Police Judge Groezinger and offered to go
on the bond of James McNulty, who is
charged with killing John Harrington in
a Mission saloon on the 27th of last month.
He claimed to be the owner of a lot and
improvements on Castro and Sixteenth
streets, valued at $6000. Judge Groezinger
was not impressed with Kearns' appear
ance or his manner of answering questions
and refused to accept the bond after it had
been sworn to until he had consulted the
Assessor's books.
The property claimed by Kearns was
found to be in the name of another, and
the would-be bondsman was taxed with
having sworn falsely. He insisted that he
owned a house and lot in the locality men
tioned, but said he had forgotten its exact
location. Judge Groezinger said that he
would look the matter up. and if he found
that Kearns had sworn falsely he would
have him arrested for perjury. Kearns
then disappeared, and has not been seen
since, though a policeman has been in
dustriously searching for him.
After a Chinese Dragon.
Negotiations are reported to be in progress
by the Los Angeles Fiesta committee for ob
taining the 100-foot dragon used by the Chi
nese- of this part of the State in celebrating
occasions of unusual importance. The great
dragon is now at Marysville.
SEW TO-DAT.
~~m ¥h¥owl
(A DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
.St. DRUGGISTS,
1128 :-Vr__Y.:_FL_B__-E_T &T.
' SAN FRANCISCO.
Corner Tenth St. and Broadway, Oakland,
WILL DELIVER '
Drugs, Medicines and Toilet
Articles FREE OF FREIGHT
OR -EXPRESS CHARGES to
any railroad point within 100
miles of San Francisco or Los
Angeles when purchases amount
to $5 or over, provided, orders
are accompanied with the
money.
FREE DELIVERY.
We deliver free in Alameda,
Berkeley, .;'.. Haywards or San
Leandro, whether your pur-
chase be 25c or $25. V
SEW FOR PRICE-LIST.
NEW TO-DAY.' i _____
crams
Colored Dress Goods!
Our immense assortment of all the
| Latest Fabrics lias been farther aug-
mented by the addition of many foreign
NOVELTIES!
JUST RECEIVED—
We call particular attention to the
following
SPECIALS!
25 pieces 55-inch All- j
wool Mohair Serge 7 A
(navy, blue only), lull
worth $1 Per Yd
15 pieces 50 -inch
Two - toned Cre-
pons, very stylish & 1 ,00
and choice color- $ I
ings Per Yd
25 pieces 38-inch Im- Cft
ported All - wool jUll
Plaids Per Yd
18 pieces 40 - inch
Silk and Wool Ok ,00
Novelty Suitings, 0 I "
Jacquard figure. . . Per Yd
20 pieces 49 -inch $4.50
Rich Iridescent $ I
M0hair5. . . ... .... . Per Yd
SE UAIIL A ESTANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Oeary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES. .
IB^^CTt_i-i---BBH-Mi--ai--m-a-_-g
I 22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
I Black Figured Alpaca— 4oc Yard
I Black Figured Mohair— soc Yard
I Black Figured Mohair— 7sc Yard
I Black Figured Mohair— s 1 00 Yard
I Black Figured Mohair— sl 25 Yard 1
I Black Figured Sicilian— 7sc Yard i
1 Black Figured Sicilian— sl 00 Yd 1
I ~~ 1
1 flithni I 54-inch Iron Alpaca— |
I ■ill 1.1-1 I 46 " In ch French Coat- Q
__ UUU UllU ._ in * Serge— soc yd 9
y * 48-inch tine Freuge __
I m Sergo— yard. ■
H3T' Carrying only Black Goods, w- I
$ can offer our patrons by far a |
larger assortment than can be I
g_ found elsewhere, and at the very 11
lowest price-. M
I.R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY. I
FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
JUST HECEIVED-A LARGE INVOICE OF
Loog-Waisted P. D. Sang Kival Corsets,
Cl*, a la ireue Corsets. '".'
Celebrated Koyal C. X. Corsets.
Elegant If. T. French Corsets,
rivaled Werlv corsets,
__._,, Bicycle Corsets.
The Reigning- fashionable LOUIS XV
PARISIAN COUSKT and THE
OLOA CO SET.
f ~ %(Hfv4_u-E93-S-K__sfi' <Stsim-9 - /
y .- mH nHr **
— — isß/r^XvfSm 1 fffmm j--" —
/ y M-W-T-^T-r /■
We have no branch store on Market street.
Onr Illustrated Catalogue scut free to
any address.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IX OUR ADDRESS
3V_:. -fc'_lHL-EJXJX_» <fe SON,
74a-744 flarket St. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
THESUCCESS THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILLROOM
-OF TUG
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.TO DESERTED
WHILE A BRIDE
G. A. Katz Leaves His
Wife on Their Wedding
Anniversary.
HE AFFECTED INSANITY.
The Half-Crazed Wife Is Tele
graphed That He Will
Not Return.
TOOK $10,000 AWAY WITH HIM
The Suppcred Motive Is That a
Wealthy Mother Objected to
the Marri-ge.
One of the strangest cases of desertion
ever chronicled in the history of this City
has just come to light— strange as regards
the circumstances, the time picked for
L I I.LI A.V KATZ. GUST AYE A . KATZ.
Mrs. Katz Declares That She Was Deserted by Her Husband Without Warning on
the First Anniversary of Their Wedding Day.
abandonment and the manner in which it
was done. Gustav A. Katz, a partner in
the California Market, abandoned his
pretty young wife and left her penniless
March 30, the first anniversary of their
happy wedded life.
Gustav ... Katz is one of four sons deft
by the late Fred Katz, the pioneer butcher
of the California Market. For four years
ho was engaged to Miss Lillian Schaffer,
one of the prettiest girls on Russian Hill.
There was opposition to the marriage in
both families, but March 30, 1895, the
young people were married and lived to
gether happily for exactly a year. Their
■•married life was without exceptional in
cident and entirely devoid of anything
that would suggest to the young wife any
such catastrophe as resulted.
They looked forward to their first anni
versary with pleasure, for Katz had prom
ised h:s wife that on that day she should
have an anniversary present in the form
of a beautiful piano.
On March 29, the day before the anni
versary, Katz acted in so singular a man
ner as to make his wife fear that his reason
was becoming unbalanced. For some in
explicable reason beseemed to be attacked
with the "blue.." The young wife sought
to make his surroundings more than usu
ally congenial, if such were possible, and
in the evening started to get supper.
Her husband went into the kitchen of
their home at 1516 Leavenworth street and,
seeing his wife busily engaged, was sud
aenly affected in such a manner that he
began to ween, and for about two' hours
this stalwart butcher wandered round the
house crying like a child. His wife begged
for some explanation, but could get none
whatever.
When they retired Katz continued cry
ing and moaning as if suffering the most
poignant mental anguish. His wife in
quired if he had trouble in his business or
with his people, and was answered in the
negative. After a short period he asked
her to turn on the gas, which was not
lighted.
"Why. you don't want to kill yourself,
do you?" she inquired.
"Yes," he replied; "I don't see any use
in living."
Of coarse Mrs. Katz refused to carry out
his request, but twice again during the
night he awoke and asked her to turn on
the gas that they might die together. Fear
ing that the husband beside her was losing
his mind, if not already a mental wreck,
Mrs. Katz remained awake all night,
though Katz slept at intervals.
In the morning the spasm of crying and
despondency seemed to have passed away.
Katz arose late and donned his best suit
of clothes. His wife inquired the reason
for this, and received the simple reply that
he felt like it. Besides this he took a
watch and chain he did not usually wear,
saying the watch needed cleaning and re
pairing. Then they sat down to break
fast, which passed off without interest,
and parted lovingly. Indeed, he paused
when halfway down the stairs and waited
for her to descend that he might kiss her
again ere they parted.
During the morning Mrs. Katz learned
to her astonishment from one of the boys
at work in the California Market that her
husband had not gone to his place of busi
ness. Terribly afraid that her husband
might have carried out the threat of sui
cide made the nignt before, she went to
the butcher-shop and found out what the
boy had said was true. The only explana
tion she could get was that her husband
had gone to the country. She went to the
jeweler's but Gus had not been there
either. None of his friends had seen any
thing of him. y'y
Then the young wife, half-crazed with
the idea that her husband had made away
with himself, went home. There she
found a telegram, signed in her husband's
name, _ saying: "Will not come home."
Going immediately to the telegraph office
she found that a man answering the de
scription of her husband had left the tele
gram. From that time, over two weeks
ago. she has been left without the slight
est clew to his whereabouts.
Whether he is alive or dead she does not
know; what excuse he can give for his
cruel desertion she cannot' tell. She has
been left without a dollar, though some
where or other her husband has at least
$10,000 hidden away. Her home is now
made with her parents at 1126 Filbert
street, but the most of her time is em
ployed in searching for the man who so
cruelly deserted her on the first anni
versary of their wedded life.
Mrs. Katz's attorneys. Messrs. Lane &
Lane, think Katz had thoroughly laid out
bis plan of desertion long before March
30. He is said to have inherited consider
able property from his father and to have
j transferred it to one of his brothers more
i than a month before he disappeared. Be
. sides, he sold out his interest in the shop
prior to his departure.
"The man wasn't crazy, in our judg
j ment," said Franklin K. Lane yesterday.
"That crying was" either stage business or
| weakness growing out of the knowledge
! that the next day he was going to forsake
: his wife. He didn't get up and turn on
j the gas himself, which shows quite clearly
! that he didn't want to kill himself. He
j simply asked her to do this.
"For a month, perhaps longer, Katz had
prepared to run away. He was properous
and hearty, but from his mother he had
large expectations, and she did not ap
prove of nis marriage. The poor girl has
been left in rather a bad position. She does
not want a divorce because she can't be con
vinced that the man meant to abandon
her.
"She has no money, though her hus
band, wherever he is," must have plenty.
.What a refinement of cruelty it was to de
sert her on the very day they had planned
to celebrate the endim: of the first year of
their married life! He had always pro
vided well for her, they spent every even
ing together, and she had no reason
throughout the year to believe that he
did not care for her to the exclusion of all
other women. Even when he was deeding
all his property and selling out his busi
ness so that he might leave her in absolute
want he appeared affectionate and consid
erate. It certainly is a cruel and brutal
way to treat a girl of 22."
It having been claimed that Katz was in
town and at home as late as yesterday
afternoon, a visit was made to the home of
Katz's mother and brothers late last night
to inquire whether or not the story was
authentic. The door was opened by a lad 3
who appeared to be his sister. The lady
was asked if Mr. Katz was at home. Her
answer was:
"We don't know where he is."
"A story is afloat to the effect that he
! has deserted his wife. Is this true?"
"It is perfectly true," was the answer.
i "Gus' actions are not supervised by us.
i He alone is responsible for what has oc-
c urred."
At this juncture the mother and two
;' brothers made their appearance. The
! mother also admitted the truth of the tale.
One of the brothers peremptorily ordered
! the rest to say nothing further.
In regard to the charge of affected in
sanity on the part of the wife, it is claimed
; by friends of Katz that there is another
! side to that story. His friends do not
1 deny the desertion, but assert thai he was
j led to do so by hi 3 wife's strange conduct.
TROUBLE OVER THE RELAY
The Bay City Wheelmen, Who
Finished First, Are Dis
qualified.
THEY REJECT THE DECISION.
The Packet Was Exchanged Too Soon
at the Sixth Station— Garden
City s Win.
The road-racing committee of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs sent word
to the Bay City Wht-elmen last night that
its relay team had been disqualified and
requested the return of th c trophy, which
will be awarded to the Garden City Cyclers,
that club having finished second in Sun
day's race.
The disqualification is for an alleged vi
olation of the racing rules, which provides
that the relay packet must be ex
changed at the finish of each relay
within a distance of 200 yards indicated
by two red flag". A protest was entered
with I. Percy Mills, referee at the end of
the sixth relay, claiming that the Bay City
man, Raynaud, handed the packet to
Vincent, who rode the seventh, before
reaching the first flag. The referee, who,
by the way, is a member of the Garden
City Club, allowed the protest, and as his
decision is final, the road-racing commit
tee had no choice bnt to disqualify the
Bay City Ciub.
Several ofthe judges at this station say
that the exchange was perfectly proper.
Raynaud, who rode the sixth, said last
night that . the first red flag was high up
on a water tank ana he had trouble seeing
it. Just as he passed this tank he handed
the packet to Vincent, who confirms this
statement.
F. H. Kerrigan, president, and Sanford
Plummer, captain of the Bay City Wheel
men, were seen by a Call reporter last
night, and both said that the club would
refuse to give up the relay cud until they
had had a hearing, which would probably
be at the next meeting of the associated
clubs in June. They seemed to care very
little about the cup itself, but felt that
snap judgment was being taken on them
and would refuse to submit without first
being heard. They claim the race on its
merits and don't propose to be "jockeyed"
out of it, ...
Chairman Stratton of the racing board
said that he had received the referee's re
port of the occurrence, which was in form,
and. the Bay City Club was disqualified in
consequence. If it refused to give up the
cup he did not know wi.at might be done,
lie had no feelings in the matter and
would only be guided by the rules. f
The trouble promises to brine about con
siderable feeling between the Bay City and
Garden City clubs, and also between the
Bay City and Acme Club of Oakland, as it
was an Acme man who filed the protest.
The end is not yet, and it is probable the
Olympics will be involved. The associa
tion will suffer by this internecine strife,
for the harmony among the big cycling
clubs has been considerably disturbed by
the recent relay race. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896.
A SATCHEL FOR A COFFIN
Newly Born Baby Boy Aban
doned by Its Inhuman
Parents.
WAS LEFT IN A VACANT LOT.
Its Life /Saved by the Fortunate Dis
covery of a Small Bay Tester,
day Morning.
By the merest chance a newly born
baby boy, abandoned by its inhuman
parents, was saved from death by suffo
cation yesterday morning.
About 7 o'clock Frank Swift, a boy liv
ing at 1111 Jessie street, was walking across
what is known as Potter's lot on Twelfth
street, between Mission and Market.
ln the southwest corner of the lot- near
the Twelfth-street fence, the boy's atten
tion was attracted by an old yellow hand
satchel. He lifted the satchel up and
shook it, then he whacked the bottom of
it with his open hand and was astonished
to hear a muffled cry.
The boy hastily opened the satchel and
gazed in astonishment upon a baby boy.
He left the satchel and ran down the
| street shouting "A baby found." The
J news quickly spread and Policeman Con
nolly heard of it and hurried to the vacant
lot, where a crowd of boys had gathered to
look at the baby.
Connolly carried his precious burden to
the Receiving Hospital, and Matron Kane
at once took possession of the infant. It
had been wrapped in an old newspaper
and towel and forced into the satchel,
which was shown by a large bruise on its
right hip and another bruise on one of its
heels. Its feet were also slightly frost
bitten.
Dr. Deil thought the baby could not
have been born more than an hour or two
before it was found by the boy, Swift. It
was well developed, with light "downy hair
and large blue eyes. Dr. Weil was "satis- '
fied from its appearance that neither a
physician nor nurse had been present at
its birth, and not a moment had been lost
in thrusting it into the satchel, which was
evidently intended to be its coffin.
The abandoned babe was sent in the !
ambulance to Mount St. Joseph's Orphan !
Asylum. The chances are that it will !
live, although for some time it was i
thought that it could not recover owing
to the exposure to the cold weather and !
want of air while shut up in the valise.
The police were notified, and Detective
Byrarn was detailed on the case with the !
object of finding the inhuman parents.
He has absolutely no clew to work upon.
The satchel is a common one such as
any one might use for carrying clothing, j
and the towel is an ordinary one. There
is a mark, however, upon it such as are J
made by Chinese laundrymen. As there
are hundreds of them in the City the
chance of finding the one who made the
mark is very remote, but if he could be
found it might lead to the identity of the
parents of the child.
Captain Lees received information last
night that may lead to the discovery of
the mother, and he detailed Detectives
Gibson and Wren to investigate.
JAS. BROWN'S FUNERAL.
Impressive Services in Grace Church
Attended by Crowds of Mourning
Friends.
Grace Church was filled yesterday with
friends of the late James N. Brown, whose
sudden demise occurred last Sunday. The
funeral procession left the family resi
dence on Bush street in time to reach the
church about 11 o'clock. The Rev. George
Walk of Trinity Church received there
mains at the door and read the impressive
burial service of the Protestant Episcopal
church.
Floral tributes of rarest beauty rested
upon the casket, which jvas borne into the
church by Perry Eyre, J. B. Lincoln,
Edward Lyre. F. W. Taliant, W. Bourne,
H. A. Williams. W. A. Heath and J. A.
Ruggles Jr. Following the casket came
the widow, led by her parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Irving M. Scott. Mr. and Mrs. James
Brown, father and mother of the deceased,
with his two sisters, all in deepest mourn
ing, followed, after whom came a large
number ot more distant relatives and inti
mate friends.
The music was rendered by the vested
choir. Among the selections sung were:
Felton's burial anthem in F minor, Cardi
nal Newman's hymn, "Lead, Kindly
Light"; Weber's, "Softly Now the Light
of Day," and Sprague's, "Asleep in Jesus.''
The interment was at Laurel Hill Ceme
tery, ■yyy
CHARGES- TWO FARES.
How Passengers Are Deceived on the
Solano-Street .Electric Line.
One of the worst inceptions yet in
flicted by the Market-street Railroad Com
pany on a confiding public is being per
petrated along Solano street, at the
Potrero.
The electric cars which go along Solano
street run from the Fillmore line to Ken
tucky, where they have their southern
terminus and where they connect with the
Kentucky-street cars. The latter run
from the Southern Pacific depot, at Fourth
| and Townsend to South San Francisco
| and at the depot they give transfers to
i Kearny street and North Beach.
Uninitiated visitors to Solano street who
| want to go downtown frequently enter the
j southbound cars, being decoyed to do so
by the names of the streets printed outside
I in letters which all who run can read. In
i every respect the Solano-street cars are
identical with the Kearny-street cars. In
print a foot long are written the words
"Third and Kearny," while the "head
lines" on the cars are "North Beach, S. P.
R. R. Depot, Sixteenth avenue, Powell
street and Kentucky street." There is not
a word about Solano street.
Now, why the Market-street company
should put the names of localities on a car
which does not go to those localities, or
even transfer to them, is a problem which
can only be explained on "the grounds of
its desire to harvest a few more dimes by
gulling the public. y-yy.y^y-Y.
The passenger to North Beach, or Kear
ney street, finds when he reaches Ken
tucky street that he is at the terminus of
the Solano-street cars. Transfers are
offered him to South San Francisco,. but
transfers going citywards are refused. The
passenger can only reach Kearny street
and the other places indicated on the So
lano-street car by paying another fare. The
same rule holds good in going the other
way.
At this rate a company can hold out all
sorts of inducements to passengers in the
way of taking tnem to remote places, and
when they are once on board and have
paid their fares it can turn round on them
and say, "You can get there, yes by pay
ing another fare."
Scbutz'a Troubles.
Albert Bchutz, ex-superintendent of the
Salem Cemetery, San Mateo County, had a
charge of maliciously procuring, a warrant of
arrest booked against him at the City Prison.
Schuiz has been in the prison for several days,
as he could not procure bonds to keep the peace
toward his wife. Mrs. Scbutz's attorney heard
that Judge Low intended to release ochutz.and
she swore out a warrant against him for hav
ing her arrested on a trumped-up charge that
she was insane.
Polk Mitchell's Magic Lotion after a row.
Don't go home limping and black and blue. *
-_-^-—-^-^.-~. NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS- ;. -b >
EXTRAORDINARY ATTRACTIONS TIS WEEIT
As samples of the values with which we are winning the lion's share of the new spring trade
we present a few of our THIS WEEK'S GREAT SPECIALS, which include a variety of THE LATEST
AND MOST FASHIONABLE PRODUCTIONS in Laces, Ribbons, Gloves, Parasols, Waists, Wash Dress
Fabrics, Dress Trimmings, etc., all offered
j At Prices That Guarantee Substantial Savings to Onr Patrons.
HEW WASH MOBS!
HOUSEFURNISHINGS !
LARGE LI\E OF SPECIALS!
At 10 Cents Yard.
36-INCH HEAVY, NICELY PRINTED
PERCALES, good fabrics, value for
•12^c, at 10c yard.
At 12M Cents Yard.
50 pieces LINON BATISTE (natural flax
color), 31 inches wide, 12^c a yard.
At 25 Cents Yard.
2 cases FINE IMPORTED PRINTED
DIMITIES, as dainty and fine as are
made, 25c a yard.
At 12«. Cents Yard.
TAILOR-MADE DUCK SUITINGS AND
LONDON PIQUES, in a large line of
colorings, 12J^c a yard.
At 6 1 . Cents Yard.
WHITE CHECK NAINSOOK, in five
different styles (10c value), 6j^c a yard.
At 5 Cents Yard.
LARGE LINE INDIGO AND SHIRTING
CALICOES, be«t standard fabrics;
also Ginghams ; 5c a yard.
At 25 Cents Yard.
A GOOD. HEAVY CREAM TABLE
DAMASK, 56 inches wide, almost pure
linen, value 40c, at 25c a yard.
EXTRA LINES!
At 7 Cents Yard.
BEST YARD- WIDE WHITE ROCK
MUSLIN, 7c a yard.
At IS Cents Yard.
4 cases BLEACHED SHEETING, 2>_
yards wide, good quality, undressed,
18c a yard.
(__f__f Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
CHOSEN FRIENDS COUNCIL
State Representatives Meet in
Thirteenth Annual
Session.
ENCOURAGING REPORTS READ.
Committees Appointed and Important
Matters Discussed by the
Leaders.
The thirteenth annual convention of
the Order of Chosen Friends' Grand Coun-
M. Itochm. Grand Assistant Councilor, Who Will Be the Next Grand Councilor.
cil opened in Memorial Hall in the Odd ;
Fellows' building yesterday morning at
11:15 o'clock.
One hundred and forty-nine councils
were represented by 180 delegates. The
total attendance of members of the order
was about 300, and sixty-two new members
were admitted yesterday afternoon.
Grand Councilor T. H. Selvage of Ne- 1
vada presided. The mbrning session and
a greater part of the afternoon session of
the council was taken up with the reports
of grand officers, all of which .showed the
order to be in a prosperous and progressive
condition. ':"[■'■
The convention will continue- three or
four days, and it was decided by vote to
open the morning sessions at 9:30 and the
afternoon at 1:30 o'clock, adjourning for
each day at 5 p. m.
A letter was read from Supreme Chan
cellor Morse of New York, givinc this*
jurisdiction of the Order of Chosen Friends
great credit for the strong stand taken on
the equalization plan, originated and pro
mulgated by him, whereby every member
pays an equal amount and receives an
equal insurance protection.
The nominations of supreme and grand
officers will be the order for 11 o'clock this
morning and the election thereof at 2 p.m.
Contrary to the usual plan, the supreme
officers will be elected first and the grand
officers afterward.
,".- A discussion of the per capita tax occu
pied a large part of the afternoon, there
being many advocates for the 80 and 90
cent and $1 tax. _; - "
LACE DEPARTMENT!
At 25 Cents per Yard Up.
BATISTE INSERTIONS AND BANDS,
with all-overs to match, will be offered
at 25c, 35c, 40c, 50c, GOc, 75c and $1 per
yard up.
At 15 Cents per Yard Up.
I BUTTER AND CREAM ORIENTAL.
LIERRE, CHANTILLY AND AP-
PLIQUE LACES, will be offered at
15c, 25c, 35c ana 50c per yard.
EMBROIDERIES!
At 25 Cents per Yard.
i FINE NAINSOOK. CAMBRIC AND
SWISS EMBROIDERIES, with Inser-
tions to match, regular value 50c, 60c
and 65c, will be offered at 25c per yard.
At 50 Cents per Yard.
FINE NAINSOOK, CAMBRIC AND
SWISS EMBROIDERIES, with Inser-
tions to match, regular value 75c, 85c,
90c and $1, will be offered at 50c per
yard. .
FANCY JIIBBONS!
At 35 Cents.
FANCY SHADED RIBBON, in elegantly
assorted colors, will be offered at 35c.
At 50 Cents.
DRESDEN RIBBON, 4 and 5 in.hes wide,
in handsome designs, will be offered at
50c.
At 65 Cents.
DRESDEN RIBBON, 4 and s inches wide,
in Dresden and shaded effects, will be
offered at 63c.
At 25 Cents.
TAFFETA RIBBONS, 5 inches wide, in
blue, white, maze and pink, value 45c,
will be offered at 25c.
_W OCR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE is now ready for distribution to our j
j COUNTRY PATRONS ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address. j
Yy.y'i ■,: ■*.. _-_--.-; £.:■■-!:._ . r - ; :.."-» "-
■ [f if Murphy Building, Jf
Market an. Jones Streets.
The matter wiil not come up for final
adjustment until Thursday.
Tne following committees were ap
pointed:
Credentials— N. Bullock, Star No. 99; J. F.
McDonell Unity No. 7; William McFadden,
Magnolia No. 94.
State of the order— John M. Fulweiler, Placer
No. 08; George F. Mack, lone No. 78; Dr. R. 8.
Mark;ell, Amico No. 136.
Laws and supervision— E. I. Wolfe, America
No. 7; C.T.Dennis, Social No. 46; George H.
Knight, North Star No. 59.
Finance— F. A. Taylor, Sunset .No. 10; M. H.
Brickwedel, Concord No. 2; F. H. Keifer,
Friendship No. 65.
Mileage— D. M. True, Columbia No. 91; S.
Oberdeener, Oriental No. 63.
Grievances— O. Carpenter, I'kiah No. 45;
J. Hartley, Sacramento No. 96; E. M. Mor
gan. Pacific No. 8.
Miscellaneous— W. H. Savage, Martha Wash
ington No. 107; John A. Steinbach, Samaritan
No. 13; George H. Burnham, Mountain No. 73.
Distribution— George W. 11. Patterson, Mis
tletoe No. 186; T. W.Richmond, Star No. 99;
W. M. Finch, Prosperity No. 162.
Press— a. Coates, Security No. 183; E. R.
Tiel, Friendship No. 65; R. G. llillmau, Olive
Branch No. 34.
At the committee meeting last night tho
recommendation of the grand councilor
that biennial sessions be held was duly
considered, but no action will be taken
until the last day of the session.
The grand reception and ball will be
held in the main hall of the Native Sons'
building to-night, at which time all the
Chosen Friends councils of the City will
be represented. %yy&-
The initiatory team will confer the de
gree and exemplify the ritualistic work to
morrow night. The work will be in the
amplified form in Social Council No. 46,
Red Mens' Hall, 320 Post street.
Through Tickets to Bartlett Springs.
Commencing May 1 the Southern Pacific
Company will be in a position to Bell through
tickets to Bartlett Springs from the principal
points on its lines in California in connection
with a new and improved stage service. The
time between San Francisco and Colusa Junc
tion will be materially shortened, as will also
the time between Colusa Junction, Sites and
Bartlett Springs.
Under this new arrangement passengers
leaving San Francisco at 7a. m. will reach
Bartlett Springs at 7:30 P. M., oue and a half
hours earlier than heretofore, and travelers
will be enabled to get a comfortable evening
repast at a, seasonable hour.
The stage service between Sites and Bartlett
Springs will hereafter be operated by A. H.
Boomer & Co. y^.v
Warren E. Price Sentenced.
. Warren E. Price, the bookseller, convicted
by a jury in the United States Coutt for send
ing obscene literature through the mails, was
yesterday sentenced to eighteen months in
the State prison and fined $500 In addition.
Judge Morrow refused to - grant a new trial.
He said that the jury had found the defendant
guilty after a fair trial and there was nothing
left for the court to do but to pass sentence.
PARASOLS ! PARASOLS!
At $1.50.
LADIES' SILK GLORIA PARASOLS,
with celluloid handles, entirely new,
value ?2 25, will be offered at $1 50.
At $2.00.
LADIES' 22-INCH SILK GLORIA PARA-
SOLS, real Dresden handles, in blue or
white, value f3, will be offered at $2.
At $2.50.
LADIES' 22-INCH SILK GLORIA PARA-
SOLS, in handsome Dresden handles,
value $3 75, will be offered at $2 50.
At $1.00.
i CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in gloria silk,
silk lined, value $1 50, will be offered
at $1.
GLOVES !_ GLOVES!
At 45 Cents.
1000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, colors mode, slate and tan
(sizes 6%, 6%, 7, 75_ and 8), regular
value $1, will be offered at 45c a pair.
At $1.00.
00 pairs 2-CLASP PIQUE KID GLOVES,
embroidered on back, colors tan,
. • brown and English red, regular value
$1 50, will be offered at fl a pair.
At 65 Cents.
800 pairs 6-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE C H AMOIS SKIN
GLOVES, in white and natural, regu-
lar value $1, will be offered at 65c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
500 pair. 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, black
only, regular value $1 25, will be
offered at 75c a pair.
6ft/ Murphy Building, J
Market an. Jones Streets.
PRESBYTERY IN SESSION.
1 The Annual Convocation Meets
at Memorial Church, South
San Francisco.
TWO JAPANESE ORDAINED.
Rev. J. S. Kennedy Succeeds Donald
M. Ross as Moderator for the
Ensuing Year.
The San Francisco Presbytery of the
Presbyterian denomination is holding its
annual session at Memorial Church, South
San Francisco.
. The Rev. Donald M. Ross, moderator,
opened the session with a short sermon
and prayer, which was followed by a
prayer from Joseph Woodworth.
Moderator Ross stated that the first busi
ness of the session was the election of his
successor as moderator of the San Fran
cisco Presbytery for the ensuing year.
The Rev. F. R. Farrand of Howard
Church was placed in nomination, and
there being none other wishing to dispute
the honors of presiding over the clerical
body, he was elected by acclamation. For
the office of temporary secretary, Rev. S.
J. Kennedy was honored in a similar man
ner, there being no opposition.
A communication from the presbytery
at Puget Sound stating that the Rev. S. J.
Kennedy nad withdrawn from that body
with the intention of taking up his resi
dence ir this City an d recommending him
to the presbytery here was read and Mr.
Kennedy was received into full fellowship.
Takenasoke Okuno and J. K. Inazawa,
two young Japanese, were ordained as
evangelists by the presbytery for foreign
missions. The ceremony of ordination
was performed by the Rev. Dr. H. C.
Minton of the Theological Seminary, San
Anselmo, who preached the sermon, and
the Rev. Dr. Condit gave the charge to
the young ministers, alter which Dr. Min
ton offered the ordination prayer.
There were examined and" licensed to
j preach the Gospel: Archibald J. Ross, T.
i Okuno and W. H. Layson. Charles R.
j Callender, a young licentiate from the
I presbytery of San Jose, was accepted into
I the San Francisco presbytery on a trans
| fer.- He will receive his ordination in the
I near future. : .-.._■ ''-*■■•
On the motion of the Rev. Dr. John
Hemphill of Calvary Church the Rev. J.
Crosbie, president of the Tamafpias Train
ing School was accorded the privilege of
the presbytery to impress upon members
the necessity of encouraging : and main
taining the school at San Rafael, where
young aspirants' for ministerial duties
would receive a proper education.
The session assigned the Rev. R. W.
Reynolds to the charge of Holly Park
Church, in the Western Addition, to which
church he has been called, and from the
accounts received of him the Western Ad
dition people will have a live minister in
their midst. ;y
, The Rev. R. W. Reynolds was. born in
Juniata County, Pa. While teaching school
in Lake County, in this State, he became
converted, and in 1889 he returned East
and took his collegiate course at Black
burn -University, in Illinois. He entered
the San Francisco Theological Seminary
September, 1893, completing the course
this month .
In the summer of '94 he had charge of
the Point Arena Presbyterian church,
comprising eight congregations. He did
much home missionary work. He was
president of the Cloverdale Christian En
LADIES' WAISTS AND
CHILDREN'S DRESSES
At $2.00.
LADIES' FANCY PERSIAN DIMITY
WAISTS, detachable collars. bishoD
sleeves, latest novelties, will be offered
at $2 each.
At $3.00.
LADIES' FANCY BRILLIANTINE
WAISTS, figured silk effects, bishop
sleeves, detachable collar and cuffs,
regular price f3 75, will be offered at
$3 each.
At $7.50.
LADIES' FANCY PERSIAN SILK
WAISTS, made in the latest style, fin-
ished with velvet collar and belt, reg-
ular price $3 50, will be offered at $7 50
each. .':
At $2.00.
CHILDREN'S LAWN AND DIMITY
DRESSES, made with fancy square
and pointed collar, finished with em-
broidery, will be offered at $2 each.
NEW DRESSJBMINGS!
JET AND COLORED SPANGLE AND
BEAD TRIMMING, in edgings and
bands, in all widths, newest styles,
handsome combination colorings, and
At Lowest Prices.
JET AND COLORED BEAD AND
SPANGLE YOKES, and with Epau-
lettes, in every conceivable style and
novelty, in solid colors and beautiful
shadings and
At Lowest Prices.
LADIES' BELTS, in 2 and 2% inch Silk
Belts, with silvered, gilt or jet buckle;
2-inch from 25c up, and 254-inch 35c
and upward ; also in Leather, Spangle
and Tinsel Belts in a large variety of
styles and
At All Prices.
DRESS Lip" SPECIAL!
100 nieces 25-inch BLACK COTTON
MOREEN SKIRT LINING
At 10 Cents Yard.
If-/ Murphy Building, _/
Market an. Jones Streets.
deavor in 1594. He organized a society of
the Endeavor at Novato and created a
Presbyterian church at the same place
and left it in a prosperous condition.
After disposing of some unimportant
routine business the presbytery adjournod
to meet at Calvary Church this morning at
9:30 o'clock, when the question of the
French and Italian missionaries will be
taken up for discussion.
AIL IN ONE CONTRACT.
The Manner of Reconstructing the New
City Hall Roof Decided.
The City Hall Commissioners decided
two important matters yesterday, one be
ing the question of letting the contract for
putting on the new roof of the hall as a
whole or in separate portions, and the
other the new elevator requested by the
Trustees of the Public Library. City and
County Attorney Creswell moved that one
contract be made for the construction of
the roof, claiming that in case of damages
to the furnishings of the hall, the respon
sibility could be easier fixed under one
contract. II c was opposed by the Mayor,
who said that the laborers who worked on
the roof would derive greater benefits if
the work was divided into three or four
contracts according to the trades repre
sented. Auditor .Broderick voted with
Mr. Creswell, and the attorney's plan car
ried. Clerk McCarthy was instructed to
advertise for bids for the work, which
must be finished by December 26 next.
The matter of giving the Public Library
an elevator to obviate the climbing of the
tortuous stairway, which the patrons are
now compelled to use, was then discussed,
and it was decided to let a contract for an
electric lift to be finished by October 1.
Architect Shea stated to the commission
that he had been planning a directory for
the hall, and had figured that it would cost
about $00 complete. He contemplated
numbering all cf the various courtrooms
and offices and placing plans at all the
entrances on the first floor.
City and County Attorney Creswell
brought up a proposition to tear down the
square tower on the City Hall avenue side
ot the hall, northeast, of the dome, but
both the Mayor and the Auditor took the
! view that it was the duty of the commis
sion to build up and not tear down the
j hall, and the proposition was not carried
j out.
NEW TO-DAT.
A HAPPY PAIR.
They feel so good, those patent leather shoes,
in the latest fashionable shapes, made by
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT.
Be sure the name is stamped on them, most
dealers keep them; if yours doesn't, you can
get them at y-.'-'YY YY-y
, Kast's 738-740 Market St.
910
BROWN GIVEN
ANOTHER WEEK
Committee on Credentials
Proves Non-Com
mittal.
CLAIMS NO JURISDICTION
The Pastor's Case Made the Sub
ject of a Special Session
Next Tuesday.
DAY'S WORK OF CONFERENCE
Yesterday's Session Largely Attended.
Rev. William Rader Delivers
an Eloquent Address.
The committee on credentials of the Bay i
Conference, in session at Berkeley, yester- |
day added another coat of whitewash to j
that in which Dr. C. 0. Brown enveloped
himself immediately after the ecclesiasti
cal council found him guilty of sundry
nnministerial nets. The report, on motion j
of Dr. McLean, was formally accepted, but |
further action was postponed until next
Tuesday.
The peculiar action of the committee in |
declaring that it had no jurisdiction over
the case of Pastor Brown was generally
condemned by those who claim to be
fully conversant with Congregational I
rules. Drs. McLean, Mooar and Rev. Mr.
Rader were outspoken in censuring what :
they termed "unwarranted proceedings."
Dr. Brown himself did not seem to be par
ticularly overwhelmed with the fact that i
the committee on credentials, under the
able guidance of Deacon I. 11. Morse, had ;
rendered him a valuable service iv that it I
gives him an additional week to build new
fences.
This committee met yesterday at 10 j
o'clock and for four hours wrestled with
the Brown case. The result of these
earnest labors will be seen in the remark
able document printed elsewhere.
The First Congregational Church of J
Berkeley presented very much the ap
pearance of the First Church of this Citj |
during the days of the council. When
Moderator Goodall rapped for order many j
familiar faces were to be seen. On the
right side sat Mrs. Cooper, Miss Cooper, !
Mr. ami Mr*, George Gaden and Mr. am. •
Mrs. K. A. Tuttle.
On the right of the main entrance Dr.
Brown's friends gathered in great num
bers. The pastor occupied the fourth seat ;
from the front. Mrs. Mac Davis and Mr.
Jacques being his particular companion.. \
The pastor's wife sat just in front of her
husband and near her was to be seen Miss
Havens, the young lady, to whom Mrs. !
Brown is said to have confided her home
troubles. Just back of the pastor were:
Mrs. Rogers and Miss Freeman. Alto- j
gether Dr. Brown had some forty of his j
1. . i;. friends present to assist him should j
the occasion demand it.
The first session of the conference
opened in the afternoon with Professor .1. j
H. Goodell of the Pacific Theological Sem- ]
mary presiding as moderator.
Rev. George li. Hatch of Berkeley acted !
as registrar, and, with Rev. W. D. Wil
liams of San Francisco, had charge of the j
arrangements.
The Cooper Congregational Church of
San Francisco sent duly appointed dele
gates, who were recognized by the confer
ence.
Rev. E. S. Chapman of Oakland dis- i
played his "sanitary communion cup" j
and explained its use at length.
Reports from churches represented in
the conference were received. For the
First Congregational Church of this City
it was announced that during the past few
weeks Dr. Brown's church has been well
filled. The Christian Endeavor Society
and Sabbath-school were growing satis
factorily. Attendance at service was large
nnd great interest prevailed in what took
place. About twenty persons will join the
church next communion on confession of
faith. .--
Favorable accounts were given by dele
gates from the Plymouth, Third, Fourth,
Bethany, Olivet, Eighth, Park, Richmond,
Bethlehem. Pierce-street, San Rafael, Sau
salito, Sunol Glen and Swedish churches.
The committee on credentials, through
Rev. W. W. Scudder of Alameda, recom
mended thai Fruitvale, Mill Valley, H
street and Ninth avenue, San Francisco,
churches be received into the conference.
The recommendation was adopted.
J. Kimball, A. R. Sheriff and A. Wil
liams were added to the roll, and with
William Rader, B. Boyer, (J. Gam and O.
c. May were made members of the con
ference.
Rev. Mr. Halleck of Tacoma was present
and received an invitation to sit with the
conference.
The report of the committee on creden
tials was read by Rev. Mr. Scudder. It
contained a resume of the unsavory
Brown-Davidson-Overman case and the
findings of the council, as published in
The Cm.:., besides some new matter as
follows:
Your committee ask leave to present a report
concerning the case of the Rev. C. O. Brown,
D.D. The matter was formally referred to the
committee by the following communication:
■ To Revs. W. it. Scudder, F. 11. Foster, Walter
Frear, Caleb Sadler. I. 11. Morse, Committee' on :
Credential* of Ban Conference of Congregational
Churches and Ministers— Draii Brethren; The
undersigned desire to bring to your notice, iv
manner according with the rules of tbe con
ference, the action of The late council called
by tho First Congregational Church of San
J rancUco to consider the charges made against
their pastor. Rev. C. O. Brown, and also the
treatment accorded to the findings of that
'•ouncil by the said church and its pastor; and
re ask yon *o consider the bearings which
fiose findings and this action, or neglect of
nction.on. the part of said church, and their
hale! pastor should have upon their standing m
the Bay Conference.
Also we wish to cad to your attention the
action of the Rev. C. O. Brown as alleged in
the public prints, in thai he is said to have
dictated or suffered to be dictated
Mad sent a telegraphic message through
the United Press to the effect that i.e.
the -lev. CO. Brown, had been fully vindica
ted on all charges made or presented lot he
ecclesiastical council, whose verdict was, in
nls hands, and further, that ha afterward de
nied the dictating or "-ending or allowing of
Mich dispatch, contrary to the sworn affidavit
of the San Francisco agent ot said United
lV: . These being matters of public interest
Mid Information, the mention of them In thts
way is supposed to meet all requirements of
the phrase "specific charges" used in article
seventh, section two of our constitution, and
weaak you, brethren ofthe committee, to con
sider all the matters herein mentioned, and to
report to the conference at the next meeting
what action, if any, the conference should
take with reference io them.
J. K. McLean.
S. M. I RKKJ.AND,
J. 1.. Barker,
James M. Haven.
The art icle In the constitution referred to, so
lar as it bears on the case, is as follows:
"When the standing of a minister or a
church is called in question it shall be the
<:,:!>• of this committee (on credentials to en
tertain specific charges from responsible per
sons) to inquire into the case, end to report to
the conference, which shall then proceed ac
cording to scriptural method and extent."
In the above communication lour points are
brought before us for report:
First -Have the findings of the council im
paired Dr. Brown's standing in the Bay Con
ference?
Second— lias the treatment of those findings
i on the part of the First Congregational Church
<•: Ban Francisco impaired the church's stand
ing in the Bay Conference?
Third— Has Dr. Brown's treatment of those
, findings Impaired his standing in the Hay
j Conference? . y '■'■■ -• - ''■■_ __ yYY
i Fourth— Dr. Brown send, or cause or al
' tow to be sent, a certain United Press telegram
announcing his complete vindication on nil
i charges presented to paid council, and after
ward deny such action or agency?
Tho iirst three points are technical in chp.r
--i r.eter and are concerned chiefly with the state
i ments contained in the flndlngsol the council.
Here follows the (hillings of the council. The
committee then went on to say that tlicy were
j in practically the same position as that of the
! council. They were not called upon to in
quire into the pastoral relations of Or. Brown
j ■to the First Church. The committee takes up
| each charge. The report further said:
As to whether the treatment of these findings
on the part of the church has impaired that
church's standing In the Bay Conference, we
report that, since the council advised no defi
nite line of action to the church and the
Church accepted the findings, and they are
spread in full on the minutes of the church,
would be difficult to find in this any cause
i for censure. This is all that Congregational
i usage requires of a church, if it requires thai
i much. As to any seeming discourtesy toward
| the council's deliverances— and we have not
j discovered that anything of the sort was in
; tended— we should not forget what the council
■■ has called "the painful and divided conditions
! in which this experience has left this loved
and honored church." With this in mind, we
believe that nothing has occurred of sufficient
significance to warrant the grave charge of a
breach of fellowship on the part that church.
In any event, it is the duty of this conference
to be very patient with « sister Church of large
and somewhat distracted membership strug
gling with complex problems of readjustment.
(c) Has Dr. Brown's treatment of those find
ings Impaired his standing in the Hay Confer
ence? Here, again, there was no definite
recommendation of the council for him to
transgress. His effort to escape the force of
the censure seems to us not commendable.
That lie Should criticize the verdict is perhaps
no more than natural. That he should pub
licly repudiate the rebuke Is, of course, to step
on dangerous ground. If Dr. Brown was dis
courteous toward the findings of the council,
which he himself disclaims, either on grounds
that to him seemed justifiable, or otherwise,
\ as may be implied in the communication sent
to us, we have no evidence that what occurred
was of sufficiently grave importance to serve
as a reason for the withdrawal of fellowship
by the conference.
The fourth point presented by the letter in
volving an accusation of untruthfulness on
the part of Dr. Brown the committee fell to be
a very serious matter. The suggestion, how
ever, that since it was "alleged in the public
prints" the committee should investigate it,
seemed to us a dangerous innovation, and one
that exceeded our powers. The committee is
not charged with this duty Dy the constitution
of the conference. * * «* The committee
therefore communicated with the complain
ants, requesting them to formulate "specific
charges.* * * * In reply to this the com
mittee received the following letter:
Oakland. Cat., April 7.
Professor Frank If. Foster, 50, Thirty-fourth street,
Oakland, Vol. —My Dkak jsir: Please accept,
thanks lor communicating the tact that notice lias
been taken ot a paper which I had the honor of
sending to the committee on standing of churches
and ministers in lie Bay Conference in behalf of
a certain gentleman interested. In respect to th ? In
t vitation given to one or ail of us to present formal
charges and proofs before the committee on Fri
day. April 10, you will allow me to say that the
gentlemen with whom my name Is associated in
the papers presented to your committee do nat re
gard themselves as standing in the light of pros
ecutors demanding the right to bring proofs. * * *
The Bay Conference has a standing committee for
this purpose, If in their Judgment th- reputation
of the body which they represent, or that of Dr.
Brown, one of its members, is in no wise affected
by the publications referred to, it is their duty to
say so. li has seemed otherwise to us and we
have suggested inquiry on your part. With great
respect, yours truly, S. M. Frkeund.
We infer from this communication that the
complainants decline to take ihe responsibility
i of proving the charges or rumors to which they
j call our attention. Since, therefore, it Is not
! the province of this committee to disprove the
i allegations of public prints, or to be charge
i able for their correctness or falsity, we could
do no more in this matter than to' report the
situation to the conference, and await your ac-
I tion. The committee has not the slightest de
-1 sire to act as an obstruction to the full inves
i tigation of all matters affecting the integrity
loi any members of the conference. * * * if
I no person or perrons are willing to take the
responsibility of procuring such evidence the
conference might appoint a special commis
sion, whose duty it shall be to present the
I matter in due form to the committee on ere
; dentials. Meanwhile, that committee believe
\ themselves to have gone to their lull extent of
. their constitutional powers. * * *
ft seems somewhat important that the com
mittee should state for the consideration of t he.
council what seems to them the correct jim
! tion in respect to the functions of a commits ;
I on credentials. These functions seem lobe judi- j
; cial. The committee, in the language ol the
j constitution, is to "entertain specific charges
| from responsible persons." Such specific
I charges are necessary that the committee may
i know into what it has to Inquire and that the
accused person may know what he has to dis
prove or confess. They are to be from responsi
i ble persons; that is, persons who are bound to
i answer or respond in case a wrong should oc
! cur. That is, in particular, in case they have
, falsely or upon Insufficient ground accused any
i one. They must, therefore, take upon them j
I the responsibility of proving the charges which
I they present.
When all this is done, when there are
I definite charges and responsible complainants.
then and not till then, it is the duty of the
committee "to inquire into the case," and that
inquiry is essentially a judicial Inquiry in its
nature. * * * In view therefore of the diffi
culties with which both council and conference
have been troubled, and in default of the evi
dence which we have invited, unless the con
ference decides to take further action along
the lines indicated in this report, the only ad
vice that this committee can give is that for
the present this matter be allowed to rest,
awaiting the action of the church, in whose
hands, according to the principles of Congre
gationalism, lie the amplest and most effective
powers of adjusting ull difficulties that now
distress it. Caleb Sadler.
I. 11. Morse,
Walter Frear,
AY. W. SCODPEB Jr.,
F. 11. Foster.
Dr. McLean moved that consideration of
the report be postponed to an adjourned
meeting of the conference, the date and
place to be fixed later. yY-y-y
"I would like to state," he said, "that
this matter relates to an exceedingly im
portant question in which the interests of
not only one man and one church but of
all Christian people and all denominations
are involved."
"Hear! hear!" came from a delegate.
"It would be impossible to do justice
now to this report," continued Dr. Mc-
Lean. "We are here as guests and it
seems unmeet, therefore, that we should
take up consideration of the report at this
conference."
"I move that Dr. McLean's motion be
laid on the table," said J. D. Foster of
Lorin. This was promptly seconded, and
the chair declared the motion debatable.
"I believed it is not debatable," said Dr.
Brown.
"Do you wish to appeal from the deci
sion of the chair, Dr. Drown?" asked the
moderator.
"I believe it is not debatable, but I want
to take, advantage of the opportunity to
say a word. 1—...I — ...
"Then I appeal from the decision of the i
chair," eagerly interrupted the Key. Mr.
Hatch."
The chair was not sustained by a vote of
31 to 31, and debate was declared not in
ortfer. The motion to lay on the table
was lost. >yy-y'-
This did not please Foster. "I can't see
what possible good can be gained by re
considering this matter," lie protested.
"The churches are sick and tired oi it. and
if the council, after spending a month,
ended in doing nothing it seems folly to
prolong this."
Dr. McLean's motion was carried and
the conference determined toadiourn until
next Tuesday at 9:30 a. m. in Market
street Congregational Church. Oakland,
for reconsideration of what was termed
"this Brown matter."
Dr. Brown and his friends left the con
ference immediately, and all sang "Nearer,
Mv God, to Thee." ■■yyy
W. W. Lovejov spoke on "Mythical Ele
ments in the Bible," and T. li. Bacon on
"The World's Peace," after which a recess
was taken until evening.
At the evening session Rev. William
Rader delivered an eloquent address on
I "Christian Citizenship," after which came
the election of oflicers and committees for
the ensuing year. The following gentle
men were nominated and elected to the
positions named without opposition:
i Moderator, Rev. J. A. Cruzan ; scrioe, S.
A. Condon ; registrar, Rev. George B.
Hatch; credentials— Rev. W. W. Scudder,
Rev. W. Frear. Rev. W. Kader, D. Gilbert
Defter, Dr. Thomas Addison; missions—
, Rev. M; Willett, Rev. O. W. Lucas, J. F.
Merrill Esq.; university committee— F.
11. Foster, M. Willett, Mr. Searby; busi
ness—Rev. G. B. Hatch (ex-oiiicib), Rev.
J. B. Orr, Rev. John Kimball; committee
on lay preachers — Rev. J. K. Harrison,
Rev. George Mooar, D.D., Mr. Caleb
Sadler. "_.ic
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ', APRIL 15, 1896.
HE SENT HER A
THOUSAND KISSES.
Lucky Baldwin's Tender
Letter to Miss
Ashley.
INTERESTING WRITINGS
Some Lively Additions to the
Suit Against- the Mil- .
lionaire.
■': ■:.'..-{. •."■:.-■ (yy-'y-'y '•"■'■ : " : y'Y..'r'.TK.'y yy~'-yy ■;■ ■"
WANTED HER TO COME TO HIM
The Plaintiff's Deposition in the Case
Ready to Be Brought Into
Court.
"I send you a thousand kisses," wrote
Lucky Baldwin to his lady friend in the
East, and then he went on to describe how
very much he longed for her to come to
California to return them.
The letter was sent to Miss Lillian Ash
ley, who was then at school near Boston. It
was in 1891 and she was then 22. Now
she is 27 and the plaintiff in a suit for se
duction, in which she demands $75,000
damages for herself and the support of
her child. Baldwin is the defendant m
the suit.
Baldwin had seen the young woman at
her home in the East and had, she says,
made promises to her which opened out
a golden future. She was to go to school,
to the best colleges the surrounding coun
try could offer, and all at his expense. She
was to wear hue clothes and have money
in her pocket, and when she had grown a
little bit more she was to come West and
be his daughter.
Two years after saw her on her way
coastward. There was money in her
pocket and hope in her Heart, and she was
going to see "Lucky," who had sent her so
many kisses and who wanted them all re
turned with interest. Her way was punc
tuated with telegrams. "Be sure you look
for me." said one. "I will be waiting for
you," breathed another. "You must come
right to the Baldwin Hotel," whispered a
third, and so, with the bits of yellow paper
in her pocket, she came westward, carry
ing the thousand kisses.
"•Lucky" Baldwin couldn't meet her as
he promised. An unsympathetic telegram
told her that when she was near Tucson,
but it added the cheerful news that she
was to go to the Baldwin Hotel anyway,
and he would see lier there.
She did go to the Baldwin Hotel and to
San Diego and to Coronado and to the
Santa Anna ranch, and she had horses
and carriages at her disposal whenever she
pleased, and her brother was given em
ployment when she sent for him to come
out, and everything went along too
smoothly to last.
Then "she told her brother what had
happened. Both were opposed to make a
bad matter worse, so nothing was said
until the case got too far for concealment.
Then she wrote and asked for assistance.
Then she pleaded, and now she is bring
ing suit. The child was born in Los
Angeles on December 7, 1883.
This is Miss Ashley's story of the case
as set forth in her deposition which lias
recently arrived from where she is stay
ing in Southern California.
"IS NOT WHAT IT SEEMS"
Dr. Levingston Explains His
Understanding of Mr.
Knight's Words.
Charley Fair Is Playing for Time
With the B.st Wishes of
His Sisters.
Dr. Marc Levingston, glancing yesterday
over tne last reported proceedings in court
in the Fair will case, was apparently much
amused.
"George Knight, I s*e, has informed the
court that the change of front is not as
serious as it appears," said tbe doctor.
"Mr. Knight is wrong about it. It is just
as serious as it appears— to us at
least. For it neither is nor ap
pears serious at all. On the contrary
it is the most arrant and transparent trif
ling with the dignity and majesty of the
law and the court. Mr. Knight is simply
playing for time. He says that Charley
Fair and himself have become convinced
that the will of the 24th, which they lately
declared to be the only genuine will, is,
instead, a rank forgery. " He says that he
has such abundant proof of it that be will
not only prove it to the satisfaction of the
court, but will convince me or my attor
neys. If that be true why cannot they try
it on tbe other heirs, the Fair sisters, and
having convinced them, array the united
army of lawyers against this later will?
"Hitherto the heirs have been one in
their contest. It is not to be supposed
that Charley Fair is concealing the facts
about the pencil will from his sisters; that
he has entered upon a serious contest of j
the will a"lone by his own choice. It',
then, they know all that be knows about
the pencil will, it appear, that the facts
have not been sufficient to convince them
that it is a forgery, and they stand out
and refuse to contest. Last Friday, in
deed, they filed a demurrer to the contest '■
of this will setup by Van K. Paterson on
behalf of Herman Oelrichs Jr., which in
effect gives distinct notice that they still
stand on this will.
"What does it ail mean then? Has
Charley Fair broken with his sisters, after
having taken chances on that disinherit
ance clause of the earlier will? Has be
entered a serious contest of the later
will that was his hope and anchor, and
this on evidence that all the others refuse
to accept? Is that likely?"
"No; Mr. Knight has said it is not se
rious. It is quite plain to me that this is
all prearranged — mere play upon the
boards, determined upon after weeks of
consultation between all the parties. It is
an extravagant. I may say, grotesque,
position for client and lawyers to take,
but, as I say, it was determined | upon
after the utmost deliberation as the only
thing to be done in their desperate straits.
"This is the reason for it. These people
have determined to keep in position to
make the best of either will. What they
objected to in the eariier will was the trust
clause. Pending their legal juggle to cure
it of that feature the later will was brought
forward. 1 was announced as an executor
of that will. I knew nothing of my hav
ing been selected to that trust until it was
announced by Mr. Fair himself.
'Well, they cured the earlier will of the
trust clause. An independent action
brought in court resulted in its being de
clared void. Having arranged with all
parties that no appeal should be taken
this will was about to be probated when I
stepped forward, as executor ; of a later
will, to .protest. My counsel urge
the immediate probate of the later will.
Van R. Paterson, who represents minors, j
who have large interests under the first
wall as drawn, with the trust clause in- j
eluded, opposes, yWe accede to his right
to contest and demand an immediate juiy j
trial. This is a right guaranteed, and the ;
way seems clear for a speedy conclusion
and probate of the pencil will.- In the
meantime the discovery is made that the !
peculiar wording of the pencil will seems
to give to each of the three children only
a fourth interest in the estate, whereas
under the earlier will they got a third.
hey determine now" to lay the ghost I
ofthe trust feature by getting an opinion !
from the Supreme Court. They require ,
time for that, and pending that time they
must maintain a position on the fence. j
One wing of them must be ready to drop j
according as the trust is sustained or de- I
stroyed. -.".. : .7, yy y: -, '.
"Charley Fair therefore files an opposi
tion, and the Fair sisters file a demurrer j
to Paterson's opposition. This means i
delay and arguments— time. It is reason
ably certain that Paterson will be knocked
out, for he contests the second will only |
by right of the interest his clients j
have under the trust feature of
the ■ first. For the time being j
the trust does not exist, for the
lower court has decided against it. If j
Paterson (alls by the wayside Charley Fair
remains to contest and further delay the
probate of the second will in the hope that
a decision of the Supreme Court will con- '
hrm the destruction of the trust, and so
they may all be free to unite against the
later will. If he Supreme Court should
sustain the trust in the earlier will— which
they fear it will do— then all would unite
in favor of the later will and you would
find Charley Fair withdrawing his opposi- I
tion to this will and all united 'in its favor.
That is why the change of front, as Mr. j
Knight says, is not as serious as it may j
seem.
CO-ED ATHLETES FETED.
Berkeley Professors Give Din
ners to the Fair Basket-
Bail Players.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 14.— Dinners I
and afternoon teas are oeing given by !
I various members of the faculty to the I
j co-ed basket-ball team, ostensibly for the I
j prime purpose of destroying the prevalent j
i opinion that the faculty do not sanction |
J the playing of the game. It is a well
j known fact, however, that certain of the |
t professors are opposed to this line of !
athletics for the young women, on the ;
grounds of the violent effort required in !
J it and of the tendency it might have to j
destroy their femininity. A few of the
i more fervent adherents of the athletic side !
j of college life for the co-eds have come
I out and are showing their sympathy in i
| the cause by affordine them entertain- |
j ment.
Last evening the team was dined by j
| Professor and Dr. Bitter at their home on -
: Durant avenue in an elegant manner. To- ;
morrow evening it is understood that they
will he entertained by Professor- Elmer E.
, Brown at his residence on Charming way,
| and on Saturday they will be tendered an
| afternoon tea at the home of Professor and
Mrs. Magee.
Still others are to give dinners to the
' young women, but their names have not ;
: been publicly announced. One of the fair- !
! est of the team said to-day that they all ;
i were much Mattered at the kindness shown
\ them by those who had furnished the en- ''
! tertainment, "for," said she, "the boys
j have never been treated in this hospitable
manner, for anything they ever did or tried
I to do in athletics, bo far as we know."
Wedding at St. Mark's.
BERKELEY, Cm.., April 14.— Miss Anna i
; E. S. Long, daughter of Mrs. Rebecca Long, :
! and Louis W. Brehm, were married this
| evening Id St. Mark's Church. The cere
: mony was witnessed by a large number of
friends of the bride and groom, who are
i both Berkeleyans. The musical part of the
j service was by the new vested choir of men
j and boys.
Palms for the Campus.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 14.— The co
eds of the university have raised enough '.
j money to defray the expense of buying ,
I and setting out a number of large palms I
jon the west side of South Hall. The work ;
j of excavating prior to the setting out of
I the tropical plants will commence to-
I morrow.
Doran Not Guilty.
I BERKELEY. Cai,., April 14.— Joseph
Doran. charged with maintaining an es
tablishment where intoxicants are sold in
violation of law, was acquitted by a jury
in Justice James' court this afternoon.
The evidence as to the sale of liquor was
not conclusive.
Citizen Suffrage Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 14.— The sixth
regular monthly meeting of the Citizen
Suffrage Society was held yesterday in
Stiles Hall. An address favoring woman
suffrage was delivered by Mrs. Carlisle,
who was followed by Dr." Stallard of San
Francisco.
THE CALL ISSUED.
Ward Republicans Take Steps to Elec
Their Own Delegates to the
Sacramento Convention.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cam,,)
906 Broadway, April 13. f
The ward Republican clubs who have
decided to hold primaries have issued the
call. The convention to nominate the dele
gates to the .Sacramento convention will
consist of 128 members, and will meet
April 20.
The full call is as follows:
Whereas, The Kepubliciin State Central Com
mittee of the otate of California at a meeting
held in San Franclaco, February 2!>, 189(1, for
the purpose of calling Stale anil District Con
gressional conventions to select delegates to
the National Convention at St. Louis on June
10,1890, acted under the following instruc
tion from the National Republican Committee
to wit: That the Congressional district dele
gates shall be chosen at conventions called
by the Congressional committee of each !
said district in the same manner as
the nomination of a Representative
in Congress is made in said district; and
whereas, the said State Central Committee at
its aforesaid meeting and In said call provided
that the basis of representation in said con
vention should be as follows: One delegate for
each Assembly district within the Congres
sional district, one delegate for each 200 votes
cast for the Hon. M. M. Estee, the Republican
candidate for Governor in 1894. and one dele-
Kate for each fraction of 100 votes or over; and
whereas. in accordance with the said last
named provision Alameda county is entitled
to 47 delegates in said State and district con
ventions; and whereas, pursuant to those
instructions the State Central Committee has
called a State Convention to be held in the
city of Sacramento on May 5, 1890, and
their instructions to Congressional com
mittees are in the following words:
"The selection of the delegates to the Con
gressional conventions shall be. under the di
rection of the Congressional committee of each
district, nnd all primaries held for the election
of delegates shall be under the exclusive man
agement and control of the Congressional com
mittee." Whereas, They also direct that the
test for voters at primary elections shall be:
"1 believe in Republican principles', and in
dorse th*- Republican policy and intend to
support the nominees of the Republican
party." y~yyi .;:- -yy ■ yy yy- .-
What; lias the Congressional committee of
the Third District done in obedience to their
instructions? Answer: Ignored them and de
fied reputable members of the party who have
earnestly urged that no deviation from usual
methods be inaugurated. We find that "our
Caesars have been eating something that has
made then unusually fat and independent."
Whereas this failure of the committee to call a
primary election places the members of the
party within the conditions anticipated by the
State Central Committee when they formu
lated the following: "Provided that in any
Congressional district where there is no Re
publican Congressional committee the Repub
lican State Committee shall appoint from the
residents of such district a committee for the
purpose of calling a district convention to
elect district delegates." and justifies, if no
other reason does, the assumption by the
people of the powers which their creatures re
fuse to exercise, to Wit: the calling of a pri
mary election. Therefore organized bodies of
Republicans sent their representatives to a
meeting held in Oakland April 8, 1896, when
I the following action was taken : .
Resolved, That a primary election be held in
I this county on the 18th day of April, 1890, be
tween the hours of 2 and 8 p. m., for the pur
pose of electing delegates to a county conven
| tion to convene at in Oakland on the
i 20th day of April, 1896, at 11 a. ji., and said
convention shall consist of 128 members, ap
portioned as follows: Oakland, First Ward, 7;
! Oakland, Second Ward, 10; Oakland, Tnird
j Hard, 10; Oakland, Fourth Ward. 9; Oakland,
Fifth Ward, B;«Oakland, Sixth Ward, 7: Oak
land, Seventh Ward, 11 ; Alameda, 19; Berke
ley, 12; Brooklyn Township, 5; Oakland Town
ship. 9; Eden Township, 8; Murray Township,
0; Washington Township, 7; total, 128.
Resolved, Tbe business of the county conven
tion thus convened shall be the apportionment
and selection of the forty-seven delegates to
the State convention as aforementioned and
such other matters as may properly come be
fore it. "
Resolved, That all ballots voted at the pri
mary election must be eight inches in length
and four inches wide. The paper shall be of a
pink color, and shall be in the type required
by the election laws now in force, and worded
as follows:
Delegates to the Republican County Conven
tion.
Resolved, That the official ballot-box at each
polling-place must remain in plain, unob
structed view from the opening to the close of
NEW TO-DAY.
g®®®®®@<S<§XSXs> ®®®®@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®s^
ft) -: ' ..(§
i i
i • i
I His for Forty Years, 1
I Yours After To= morrow. I
i •*••*•*•••••••*••*•**•••••••** §
ft * The 37 lots in the block bounded * S
| * by McAllister, Baker and Lyon * S
I J streets and Golden Gate avenue * @
2 * were bought by Mr. McCreery 40 £ *
•> J years ago. He thinks it is your J @
ft J turn now. So "off they go" at * %
ft * auction to the highest bidder ? g
I * TO-MORROW, April 16th, at 12 * §
ft ■* "^ (ci
ft * o'clock. Terms only 1/4 cash. * a
ft .'. . * ' * ®
ft •••***••••••••*•¥¥¥¥**•••••••$ §
I BALDWIN & §
I HAMMOND, . . I
| Auctioneers, §
y 10 Montgomery Street. ■ §
i ■' i
$■ ■•■■■ &
-,- iiif
ft) ®
I
I ■ J
Lame Back
AMEdACK
Of all the distressing ailments man is afflicted with, it
would be hard to find one more common than the one known
generally as "lame back," nor one whose causes are more uncer-
tain. "Lame back" may be caused by a strain in former years,
by weak kidneys, by weak nerves and vital organs, or by one of
a hundred other causes, but whatever the cause it is certainly a
weakness of the nerves which find their foundation or center at
this point, the small of the back.
Dr-SANDEN'S
Electric Belt, which gives its invigorating electric currents direct
to the small of the back, and naturally builds up the weakened
muscles, will cure and has cured hundreds of cases of lame back.
See this letter :
A Wonderful San Jose Cure.
-'.* yb : bb ''", : 'Y. b SAN JOSH, Cal., March 18 180(1
DR. A.T. PANDEN— Dear Sir: You ask me for a statement concerning my back since .
have been using yoUr Electric Belt. 1 was under the Impression I had written you about it but
whether or not, here goes: I suffered from a lame back all of 14 years as bad.as any man could
suffer. I used to have to rollout of bed, and if 1 sat down I could not get up Tor ten minutes!
I would almost cry with pain at times. I t sled everything and got no relief till I eot your Bpit
1 received the Belt on. the 7th day of last month (February). l put It on the evening of the
tame day, wore It all night. I had not a pain in the morning. 1 went to work feellne; well ant-
have had no pain since, and don't expect any if I take care of myself. That is the truth and I
am thankful to you and the Belt for being able to say it. You can do as you plea.c with thii
statement. You know where 1 live. Yours truly, THOS. O'CONNOR
; '. - . * o* South River street, San Jose, Cal.
/£"^ Mr. O'Connor I had probably worn all sorts
L t^J of plasters and tried everything in the way of
\»*j> liniments, besides the numerous prescriptions
-' the doctors give for lame back, during the
y j fourteen years he suffered— and after all Dr.
/ \ I Sanden's Belt cured him in one night. It
J-V I I seems almost beyond belief, but the statement
im^jMmi is straight from the heart, and it is true. Do
LjjjP^^^^^ you suffer from lame back? Do you suffer
■ly/ftVf^\ from any weakness or pain ? If so, discard
rb 1 J drugs and plasters and try this famous Electric
■ "^^ • ' Belt. Get the book about it free. Address
fi»__-_.-Nr_o_E:3Nr electric CO., .'..»-j.
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
b OFFICES AT—
LOS ANGELES. CAh I \1 < . • PORTLAND, OR. ..... "-
--.04 South Broadway. | 255 Washington street.
the polls, and be sc placed that the voter may
easily see the top of the box and his ballot de
posited. The representatives of all tickets must
be permitted to remain inside the polling-place
and in such position that they can at all times
witness unobstructed the reception ot the bal
lot from the voter and the depositing of the
same in the ballot-box by the inspector or judge
of elections who receives the ballot.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or so
liciting of votes shall be permitted within 100
feet of the polls, and the committee requests
the ponce officers on duty to keep the polls
free and unobstructed at all times. This shall
not be construed to apply to the presence of
challengers. -y;;- >.: -.yy
Resolved, That in addition to all other
grounds of challenge in the laws of tne State
governing general elections this committee
hereby directs and orders that the following
and additional test be given to voters: "1 be
lieve in Republican principles and indorse the
Republican policy, and Intend to support the
nominees of the Republican party."
Resolved, immediately after the closing of
the polls at 8 o'clock p. n. on the day of elec
tion the election board shall proceed to can
vass the vote, and when all the returns have
been properly signed and sealed by the board,
the package or packages shall be brought by
other members selected by such board to the
chairman of this committee, at the place where
the convention shall be held, on or before 10
o'clock a. m., April 20, 1890.
NEW TO-PAY.
C"f I NOLAN BROS |
Ijßr I SHOE CO.
j^_______M^^^^^^iM^Mi^6^S^
OUR
MONSTER SALE
SHOES!
Is tho Greatest Success ever
known In the Shoe Business.
Store Crowded all the time with
people Buying
TAMOLORED SHOES!
When you want the Very Latest
Up-to-Date
TAN SHOES
Come dlrectto our store, where you
will find all styles and all widths to
select from.
Every style made In Black Shoes
we also have In Tan.
Leaders This Week in Tan Shoes
and Oxfords.
Ladles' Finest Quality Tan Chrome Kid Bat-
ton, hand-turn soles, pointed toes and tips
$3 per pair
Ladles' Fine Tan Kid, brown cloth top, button
or lace, latest style pointed needle toes and
tips $_ 50 per pair
Ladies' Fine Tan Kid, brown cloth top. Oxfords
or Southern Ties, hand-turn soles, latest
style pointed toes and tips, French heels....
$2 50 per pair
Ladies' Fine Tan Kid. brown cloth top, South-
ern Ties, latest style pointed or narrow,
square toes, turn soles $1 76 per pair
Ladies Tan Kid Oxfords, brown cloth tops or
tan kid tops, latest style pointed or narrow,
square toes, turn soles $1 50 per pair
Ladies' Fine Russet Oxford Ties, pointed or
square toes, turn soles $1 per pair
Ladies' White Canvas Oxfords 51 60 per pair
Extra quality, $2 per pair.
Children's and Misses' Tan Button Shoes.
Spring heel, square toe and tip.
Sizes 5 to 8 90«
Sizes Bi/_ to 11 ..' $1 00
Sizes liy 2 to 2 ...$1 25
Men's Tan Shoes
From $2.00 Up.
We have all the Very Latest Styles
and Shades in MEN'S TAN SHOES.
GIVEN AWAY!
A Rubber Ball or Base Ball
With Every Purchase.
Send us your address and we will mail yoa a
Catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE O.N
MARKET STREET. '
Mall orders receive orompt Attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Long: Distance Telephone 5537.
ART SALE
AT AUCTION!
BY ORDER OP
EDWIN OEAKIN, ARTIST.
60 OF HIS CHOICEST
OIL PAINTINGS!
IN THE MAPLE HALL,
On the First Floor of the Palace HoteL
AUCTION SALES
Wednesday, April 15.. At 12 o'clock, noon
Wednesday, April 15. At 7:45 o'clock, evening
Thursday, April 16 At 12 o'clock, noon
FREE EXHIBITION,
Commencing Monday. April 13, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
and continuing day and evening until the closing
of the auction sale. The sale composes Archi-
tectural Subjects, Old Buildings, Mountains,
Mountain Lakes, studies of Fruit and Sketches of
Paris Rues. In the collection are: "Dent dv
Midi, "Westminster Abbey," "Scene of Gray's
Elegy." "Light in the Window," "Eagle Falls.
Near Tahoe," "The Old Chateau," "Point Neuf,
Paris." This will be the last presentation by Mr.
Deakin of his works at public auction.
Do not forget tiie days and hours of auction
sales. Catalogues at Maple Hall, Palace Hotel,
and at our otlice.
Connoisseurs will find this collection well worth
a visit. EASTON, ELDRIDGE- <fe CO.,
6HB Market street. Auctioneers.
DOOM WOO tjj/sM
Chine*.* Drug* /gjb-nflujF^. *».
an.l Tea and Herb teg 4_3l
Sanitarium, _\\W TjfcS
776 CLAY STREET, R gP
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, ffSI MB S"
ban Francisco. w^J *CJ^ ___\t
I, the undersigned, have % A v %_W
been cured from kidney fLgSfML \jf :
trouble, from which lEr ___¥> _ % *V _\
suffered for over 10 years, f «S_s___^ I J
by Dr. Wong Woo. fe-^^T*^ __<_n »eS
Nov. 20, 1595. tB, r ' SWs^^^^^J^^
Otlice boors: " '" '"11 __v^n_i___f____W^_vKliJu
A.U.; lto3, 7 to 9 p.m. «__-_£_. ySt_ XJjfl
§Jw &PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY- DISEASES OF MEN, IXCLCD-
ingall forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases. Over 20 years' experience. Hook sent free.
Patients cured at Home. Terms revs* liable. Office
Hours., to 3 daily; 6:SO to B:3o evenings. Sundays,
10 to 12. Consultation free mid sacredly connden-
lial. Call, tat address
P. ItOMOi: MeXI'LTT, V. !»..
, 86.. Kearny Street, Sim Framlkco, Cal.SUTRO'S AMD
ON THE REGENTS.
Stormy Session Over the
Site for Affiliated
Colleges,
— _
THE OCTOPUS ASSAILED.
Mayor Indignant Because the
Board of Regents "jumped
on" Him.
A STREAM OF VITUPERATION.
Governor Budd in His Wrath Cal ed
Sutro's Words Scurrilous
Demagogism.
."After my princely gift to the University
you slander rue, you traduce me; you try
to cast odium and dishonor on my name;
you jump on me a<id demand that I sign
a paper in twenty-four hours." This and
much more in the same strain shouted
Mayor Sutro to the Board of Regents yes
terday. Th* session was exciting through
out. The Mayor railed at the octopus and
applied to Huntington and his follow
ers such terms as thief, scoundrel, satel
lite, flunky and nincompoop.
Governor Budd demanded that the lan
guage should be taken down. Sutro
shouted, "Take it down!" while the young
lady stenographer, bewildered by the sen
sational scene, could not keep up with the
current of vituperation.
The meeting was called to receive Mayor
Sutro's final answer to the demand of the
regents that he should extend the time
clause in tbe deed of land for Affiliated
Colleges, and also make definite reply to
the demand that he should sign the agree
ment to transfer the proposed Sutro
library and land to the university.
The regents attending the" meeting
were Governor Budd, Hallidie, Miller,
Denicke, Martin, Howell (oi Fresno), Kel
logg, Phelps, John E. Budd (Stockton),
Foote. Wallace, Crocker, Marye, Bern
stein. Chase, Waymire and Slack. Aside
from members of the board Mayor Sutro,
Attorney Mhoou, O. P. Evans. Architect
Krafts and Secretary Bonte were present.
Every one there seemed to recognize
that the important business on hand was
that relating to Affiliated Colleges site, so
when Colonel C. F. Crocker moved to sus
pend the regular order and take up the
report of the law committee the motion
was instantly carried.
Governor Budd called on Judge Wallace
for a report, and the Judge, with admirable
presence of mind, requested Attorney
Mhoon to present the document.
Major Moo n related briefly the negoti
ations with Mayor Sutro which were be
gun last September, and continued until
last Monday. Reference was made to the
incident that Mayor Sutro lost or mislaid
the first agreement which the law com
mittee had prepared for his signature. In
conclusion the attorney said "Yesterday
Judge Wallace and ! submitted the second
agreement to Mr. Sutro, an.l he said then
that ie would take it under advisement
and answer to-day."
At the request of Governor Budd Major
Mhoon read the agreement. The Governor
then indicated that the regents were ready
to hear from the Mayor.
Mayor Sutro began bis remarks in a mild
and placid style that; gave no hint that be
was loaded with oral dynamite. He said:
'•It was a year ago when the question came
up to build the Affiliated Colleges. The idea
occurred to me then that a site of twenty
six acres, which I had in my mind for the
Sutro Library, could be divided, one for
the colle_es and the other for the library.
The Board of Regents accepted my gift for
college land, which had no restriction other
than that work should be commenced
within six month?. I went to work accord
ing to the terms of my gift and opened and
graded the streets. Time went by and the
regents did nothing. Extraordinary delays
took .ace. Yet yesterday I was suddenly
asked to sign another agreement within
twenty-four hours. I thought it nard to
ask a man who had made a princely gift to
the university to sign a paper in "twenty
four hour?. _ am a busy man. I have
official duiies demanding my attention,
and to be jumped on in this manner was
more than I could stand."
Governor Budd — Have you not bad six
months' time to consider the agreement
you were asked to sign ?
Mayor Sutro— lf time has elapsed I
charge it at your door. Nobody came
near me until yesterday.
Governor Budd— The attorney said you
had a copy of the agreement "which you
lost or mislaid.
Mayor Sutro— That has nothing to do
with it.
Governor Budd — It has a great deal to
do with it; but go on.
Mayor Sutro (going on)— I say now that
I will do aii that I agreed to do. The fact
is when this matter was first broached I
was dealing with the Affiliated Colleges
site. The library came in as a modified
proposition. 1 told McKinstry and Wal
lace that I had plans for the library, but
did not want the library taxed. You have
my letters here, but they do not contain
my conversation with "Wallace and Mc-
Kinstry. 1 did not a ree to surrender my
right to appoint the library trustees."
The Mayor, who had been getting a little
excited, began to talk ranidlv. He
said: "I have some enemies here, and I
wiil point them out before 1 get through.
There is a disposition to throw odium upon
me, to condemn me as a dishonored man,
because I would not sign an agreement on
twenty-four hours' notice. The Octopus
has got duukeys and hirelings and news
papers to east odium on me. They have
got lickspittles high and low to oppose me,
in order to assist the funding bill. If that
bill passes the country will go to the dogs.
i iii-y expect to find some fraud in my gift.
Governor Budd (to stenographer )-^Tuke
down everything he says.
Mayor sbuuo— Yes, take down the Gov
ernor's language, too.
Sutro (resuming)— Fellows that ought to
be in the State prison are opposing me.
The Potrero site was first wanted, and
after the board accepted my site they re
solved to beat it. Hunting'ton, the head
of the flunkeys, is a scoundrel and a self
confessed criminal who ought to be in
prison. Yes. take it down. He has a fol
lowing of nincompoops and scoundrels,
some of them of little caliber. Some of
them are members of honorable commis
sions and scientific bodies, but they keen
lathe background and have fiunkevs do
their work. The fact is they don't want
this location of mine for the colleges. They
want to destroy my rood name and de
stroy my princely gift. The big steal in
Congress is }" be passed this weeK, and
mat will end the republic. The meanest
concerns in the world are the newspapers.
The hirelings form public opinion, as the
common people do not understand many
questions. Now, you want me to sign
something in twenty-Four hours, and yon
seek to malign me because I will not do it
There may be a nigger in this .
Governor Budd If interrupting)— Snrelv
Judge Wallace and Major Mhoon would
not put a nigger in the agreement. 1 have
been in favor of your site from the first
Mayor Sutro (to Governor Budd)— You
are trying to pick flaws with me.
U. P. Evans obtained the floor to ex
plain how the library transaction became
involved with the college site. Mention
was made of conferences wherein Sutro,
Reuben Lloyd, Judge McKinstry and
himself participated. Mr. Evans said,
"So far as I am able to state there never
has been a time when Mr. Sutro was not
willing to sign the original agreement."
Mayor Sutro— l desired to endow the
library and was shown a clause where i
could'give it to the university and still ap
point the trustees. I have had high respect
for regents in their day, and possibly now;
but in the future I thought we might pet
a Governor under the control of the oc-
topus.
Mr. Sutro then expressed his opinion to
the' effect that Huntington, Collis P.,
is a scoundrel. When he finished with
this statement he said that he would con
sult his attorneys and get a consultation of
the regents' attorneys and his own.
Judge Wallace, who had been examining
the records of the regents, said that on
September 10, 1895, Sir. Sutro had agreed
to convey the library site within ninety
days.
.Mayor Sutro— l did not find an hour to
give to the work.
The Mayor attempted to speak again,
when the Governor rapped vigorously
for order, saying sharply:
"There is no attempt to jump" on you.
Now you must come to order. Ihe regents
ask you to carry out the contract. You
come here and traduce the ooard. In the
interests of California the regents ask you
to sign your agreement. They ask for no
more, and will take no less."
Judge Wallace reminded the board that
Mr. Sutro never consented to convey the
library management to the regents.
After further discussion, in which many
of the regents participated, and in which
Sutro managed to introduce the octopus
several times. Judge Wallace offered a
resolution that the board accept the col
lege site without reference to the library.
"We have not paid him anything, recol
lect. In the liberality of bis heart he gave
us this college site first. Then he said in
further generous spirit, '1 will give the
library site,' but the tax of the endowment
precludes it. Let us now take the college
site of thirteen acres."
Governor Budd— lf this motion had
been tnaae in the beginning I would have
voted for it, but now after all his refusals
and his talk I would see that university
sink before I could be whipped into line by
his scurrilous demapogism.
Regent Foote said he would not allow
his personal feelings of indignation and
disgust to restrain him from doing his duty
to the university.
Mayor Sutro "tried to speak again, but
the Governor, showing some excitement,
said: "Mayor Sutro, take your seat; you
have been beard enough."
Regents Waymire and Houghton were
willing to give the Mayor further time.
George T. Marye acquiesced in the ex
tension of time, but he was moved to dep
recate Mr. Sutro's remarks as "infelici
tous."
It was resolved at length, after Sutro
named McKinstry, Lloyd and Moore as
his attorneys, to have Wallace, Foote and
Mhoon meet them. So the question was
In effect referred to the law committee
again, but Judge Slack declined to serve.
Before leaving the room Sutro offered
to then and there sign the extension of
time for the college deed.
J. West Martin wanted the personalities
ofthe day expunged from the minutes, as
the records of the board bad never been
marred by such proceedings.
Judge Wallace— lf it was fit to hear, it is
fit to go on record. I did not take any of
his remarKs as a personal affront. [Laugh
ter.]
Shortly after Mayor Sutro retired, Gov
ernor Budd started for San Jose.
Judge Waymire was called to tbe chair
and much routine business transacted.
Bills amounting to 122.*) were passed.
The law committee on the Sutro nego
tiations is under instructions to report
three weeks hence. The board adjourned,
having resolved to expunge nothing from
the minutes, it having been ascertained
that the stenographer did not catch the
personalities, as they flew around so
rapidly.
RICHMOND IS AROUSED.
S
Better Fire-Extinguishing Facili
ties Will Be De
manded.
Views of Residents -.nd Members of
the Department on the Urgency
of the Need.
The fatal result of the fire on Sunday
night on Thirteenth avenue, near Lake
street, has used the people of the Rich
mond district to what they term the in
adequate protection offered to residents in
case of a conflagration, and at a meeting
of consolidated clubs to be held
in Croswaithe Hall to-night that will be
one of the matters discussed. The resi
dents will demand additional fire-aiarm
stations, larger water mains, more hy
drants and a change ofthe site of the truck*
company nearest to the district.
"Here we have a territory," said J. H.
Bond of the Richmond Banner yesterday,
"that extends from Central avenue to the
Cliff House and from the north line of
Golden Gate Park to the southern bound
ary of the Presidio reservation, including
336 blocks, and the measurement of which
is three milts one way by one the other,
wi th only one engine company in the dis
trict, that is No. 26, on Second avenue,
between A and B streets. There are other
companies that answer to alarms from
here, but they are so far away that a great
deal of time is lost in reaching a tire.
"The water mains in this growing dis
trict are not large enough, and if the
Spring Valley 'Water Company, .hat has
been pleading poverty, can "put up a
$300,000 building it certainly ought to
have means at its command to increase
| the size of the mains here. We have but
eight-inch mains and these do not simply
I enough water when more than one engine
! takes water from them at the same time.
"We have asked. for different things, but
! we have not always had them accorded to
jus by the authorities. This matter of
I protection against fire will be discussed at
NEW TO-DAT.
" ||1 UCUTTEB
M I EXTRA
l^ys niri
( . fcl Ulu
S_ Bourbon
ffi^rasSn- a staple
family and
B =S medicinal
j 4 ?* for a
X |#^j *. quarter-
%£?' * century.
CT E. ran
jp!;" , ' v *■» •— «~«*>*g2ia| .ceo.,
Qijlll 411 Met St.,
%7 t -_f_rL-« JC »-i»JJI-J- S * U J 'aix i;co.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896.
the meeting Wednesday night and we will
then make a demand for better protection.
There are a great many new houses being
erected in this district at this time. This
morning I counted thirty-two going no in
different directions. Buildings are going
up on the line of the Sutro road and there I
is no protection from fire there. There is
the Cliff House, the baths and adjacent
property and not an engine company
nearer than forty-two blocks.
"If a fire .broke out in the Cliff House
when a southwester was blowing nothing
could save the buildings around there un
less it was a miracle. The roads out here
are not in good condition, and that renders
it difficult to get an engine over the ground
in a hurry at a time when time is of the
greatest importance."
John J. Murphy, the engineer of 26 en
gine, said that bad roads is a serious hin
drance to effective service. "Why," said
he, "our men in the nighttime have to go
ahead with lanterns to examine the roads
and streets to prevent the engine from get
ting stalled. The mains ought to be
larger, for when one engine takes suction
at a hydrant and then another engine
takes suction at another hydrant near by
neither obtains a good stream. True, we
have hydrants in the salt-water main, but
in the use of that we are handicapped in
-~~~-~~^—^.^^ NEW TO-DAT.
What it The teeth from decay. The breath— from impurity,
saves: The gums — from softening. The pocket— money.
X^ g^ Teeth vPESreath.
A sample of liquid Sozodont by m_.il, provided you mention this publication and send three cents
for k*C tft ? c*e * Address the Proprietor- of Sozodont, llall iS_ Kuckki., Wholesale Druggists, _sew
York City- " s ' -'-*»
PROPOSALS.
J3XJ-E : »^>X__ilSDS
FOX THE
STATE 1 N AH AS Yli
AT AGNEWS.
Commencing May 1, 1896, and Ending
September 30, IS9G.
"V" 01 ICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
-A proposals wfll be received at the office of the
Secretary of the Board of Trustees of the State In-
sane Asylum at Agile we, No. 152 East Santa Clara
street, San Jose, up to 3 o'clock: p. M. of TUES-
DAY, APRIL 21, 1896. and at the Asylum at
Asnews up to 10:30 o'clock a. m. of WEDNES-
DAY, APRIL 22, 1896 (Asylum time), for furnish-
ing supplies lor said Asylum for the six months
commencing May 1, 1896. and ending September
30, 1896, said proposals consisting of the following
schedule, and to be delivered as ordered:
Groceries.
60C0 poinds Beans, small white No. 1, last crop.
4 dozen Bath Brick.
1000 pounds Crackers, Soda, net weight.
250 pounds Corn Starch, Kiugsford's, 1-pound
papers.
•100 pounds Cheese, best quality, California.
40 pounds Candles, Stearic Wax, 20-pound boxes,
16 ounces.
50 gallons Coal Oil, 150 decrees test
48 pounds Chocolate, Eagle, 1-pound papers.
100 pounds (J.rmea.
3000 pounds Hominy, large.
15 gross Matches, Diamond Match Co.'s three
noes, Safe
4 dozen bottles Lucca Oil, quarts, Cross & Black-
well.
2 dozen bottles Olive Oil. Quito farm, Goodrich's
large.
600 pounds Pearl Barley, No. 3.
300 gallons Pickles, No. 1 mixed, in barrels.
3 boxes Raisins, 3-crown loose, 50-pound boxes.
5000 pounds Rice, Sandwich Islands; No. 1.
1000 pounds Split Peas.
9000 pounds Sugar, dry granulated, extra fine.
15,000 pouuds Sugar, Golden C.
200 pounds sugar, cube.
200 pounds Sutfar. powdered.
1200 gallons syrup, Golden, 30 gallons to the
barrel.
72 pounds Soda, 81-rarbonate, 1-pound papers.
COO pounds Tapioca, flake.
200 gallons Vinegar, wine, 40 deg. test.
3 dozen bottles Worcestershire Sauce, Lea <£ Per-
rin's. pints.
6 cases Oysters, 12 ounces, No. 1, Earren's.
Macaroni and Vermicelli.
1000 pounds Macaroni, white, No. 1, 25-pound
boxes, net.
J 000 pounds Vermicelli, white, No. 1, 25-pound
boxes, net.
Canned Goods.
10 cases Tanned Apricots, standard, gallons.
10 cases Canned Corn, Wlnslow's.
10 cases Tanned Peaches, standard, gallons.
3 cases Jellies, assorted.
Dried Fruit.
2000 pounds Dried Apples, sliced. No. 1.
1000 pounds Dried Apricots, bleached. No. I.
100 pounds Dried Currants, Zante, No. 1.
1000 pounds Dried leaches, bleached. No. 1.
3000 pounds Dried Prunes. California French, 60
to 70.
Coffee, Tea, Spices, Etc.
1000 pounds Coffee, Java.
4000 pounds Cortee, Guatemala.
1600 pounds Chicory.
500 pounds Tea. A. Schilling <fc Co's Popular
No. 4. :•-,: . — . . .;.
1500 pounds Tea. Diamond M.. E. B. Congou,
No. 12.
500 pounds Baking Powder. Pioneer or Golden
Gate, 5-pound cans.
60 pounds Cinnamon, ground. A. Schilling &
Co's best. 3-pound cans.-
-20 pounds Ginger, ground. A. Schilling <£ Co.'s
best. 3-pound cans. '•,".-
-100 pounds Mustard, ground. A. Schilling <fc
Co.'s best. 3-pound cans. ::•v v; .-■'.;•
250 pounds Pepper, black, ground. A. Schilling
<fc Co.'s best. 3-pound cans.
2 aozen bottle- Extract of Lemon. A. Schilling
_. Co.'s best triple, 32-ounce bottles.
2 dozen bottles Extract of Vanilla. A. Schilling
<fc Co.'s best triple, 32-ounce bottles.
Fresh Beef. Mutton. Etc.
100.000 pounds, Fresh Beef, No. 1, all steers
from 500 pounds to 700 pounds, delivered In sides'.
5000 pounds No. 1 Fresh Mutton, delivered
whole.
3500 pounds No. 1 Fresh Veal, dressed, delivered
whole.
Roll Butter.
2500 pounds Fresh Fancy California Butter.
Keg Butter.
10,000 pounds First class California Kee
Butter. __ ___ s
E B gs.
4000 dozen Fresh California Eggs.
Potatoes.
110,000 pounds No. 1 Burba.uk Potatoes.
Hams, Bacon, Lard and Pork.
600 pounds Bacon, Light Breakfast, bidders to
State brands.
2500 pounds Hams, bidders to state brands.
1000 pounds Lard, Pure Leaf, in tierces.
6 barrels Salt Pork, extra dear.
Salt Pish.
600 pounds Codfish, California, selected. 100
pound cases to run 18 fish or less to case, last
catch.
5 half-barrels Mackerel, No. 1, 100 pounds net
each barrel.
i ; - ! Froah Fish.
10,000 pounds Fresh Fish, No. 1 assorted.
' b • - Salt.
SOOO pounds Fine Dairy Salt.
Flour, Grain, Etc.
15,000 pounds Ground Barley.
6000 pounds Corn MeaL
6000 pounds (.at Meal, extra.
6000 pounds Cracked Wheat.
25,000 pounds Bran.
3 barrels Boiled Oats,
600 barrels Fli<ur, bakers' extra.
2100 pounds Graham Flour.
COOO pounds Wheat.
Chewing Tobacco.
*00 pounds Drummond Tobacco Company's
Horse Shoe. -;■;•./-:
■' -
Smoking Tobacco and Pipes.
350 pound* Plug Cut, in 1 -pound packages; bid-
ders to submit samples.
6 gross Clay Pipes, l. D.
.Soap, Lye and Soda.
125 boxes of Star of Kitchen Soap, 20 bars to
the box. -. -
20 boxes Ivory Soap, laundry size, 100 bars to
the box.
1500 pounds Laundry Soap, Tlscher*-.
200 cans Concentrated Lye, American, one-pound
cans. r y:y : Y"^' fri J*:-f;. 4
. . Laundry Supplies.
1 case Chloride of Lime. 24 ten-pound cans.
2 cases Caustic Soda. 24 ten-pound cans.
1 case Caustic Potash, 12 twenty-pound cans.
- 6 pounds Blueing, Aniline K.
350 pounds Laundry Starch, Palmetto brand.
200 pounds Wheat Starch, fifty-pound boxes.
25 pounds Japan Wax.
2000 pounds Sal Soda.
the lack of fresh water for the boilers, and
we have to have such water brought in
buckets and tins to raise steam.
"We are assisted in this district by
engine 23 on Washington street, near
Baker, No. 30 engine at Stanyan and Wal
ler streets and No. 5 truck on Post street,
near Fillmore, but : it takes these compa
nies a long time to reach here."
T. G. Parker stated that the truck com
pany on Post street, near Fillmore, has to
climb a heavy grade to reach the Rich
mond degree/and he was of the opinion
that it ought to be located near California
street and Central avenue, as from that
point it would be down grade in three
directions and a great deal of time would
be saved in reaching a point. There is
need for more signal boxes and some cer
tainty of being able to get keys when
wanted. The key for box 412 is in a house
the occupant of which is in Marin County
eleven months in the year.
"The people here are going to agitate for
better protection and unless the cry of 'no
money is raised they will get it."
"To cave in" comes from the English
coal-mining regions. After a mine had
been worked out and abandoned, the last
item in its history was the caving in of the
ground above.
PROPOSALS— Continued.
Dry Goods.
400 yards Bed Ticking, Amoskeag, A. C. A., 36
Inches wide.
200 yards Crash, linen, 18 Inches wide.
800 yards Denims, Pearl River Indigo Blue, 28
Inches wide.
500 yards Sheeting, Indian Head, 4-4 unbleached.
100 yards Pequot, 5-4 beached.
300 yards Pequot. 7-4 bleached.
500 yards Pequot, 7-4 unbleached.
800 yards Muslin. Lonsdale, 36 Inches wide.
200 yards Prints, 82 Inches wide.
100 yards Ginghams, Amoskeag, staple, assorted
colors.
2 dozen Corsets, large size.
6 dozen Corset Steels.
2 dozen Steel Thimbles, large sizes.
5 dozen Buttonhole Twist.
25 pounds Cotton Batting, medium.
511 pounds Darning Cotton.
6 dozen Bedspreads, white.
1 dozen Hair Brushes.
10 dozen Combs, dress.
6 dozen Combs, fine.
125 dozen Clark's O. X. T. Spool Cotton, assorted
numbers and colors.
5 dozen Handkerchiefs, ladles'.
20 dozen Handkerchiefs, men's Tnrkey red 24
Inches.
5 dozen Hairpins. K. it 8.. assorted, No. 100.
1-5 dozen pair Ladles' Hose, -.ray mixed.
1000 dozen Needles, Mill ward's assorted sizes.
2 gross Pins, Wallace ft Sons, No. F. S. C.. 3 Vis
20 gross Buttons, pant*. *
6 gross Buttons, horn, coat and vest.
2 5 gross Buttons, agate, dress and shirt, No. 40.
Clothing. •' y-y
100 dozen pair gray mixed cotton Socks.
10 dozen Overalls, duck, canton flannel lined lee
SO to 34, waist 32 to 44. &
8 dozen pair Suspenders, average and extra
lengths.
Brushes*
4 dozen Hair Floor Brushes.
2 dozen Counter Brushes.
5 dozen Scrub Brushes.
1 dozen Shoe Brushes.
8 dozen Combination Mop Handles.
Brooms.
16 dozen California Brooms. The Industrial
Home tor the Adult I lind, No. 1, Excelsior.
1 dozen Whisk Brooms, 3 strings.
Crockery and Glassware.
8 dozen Dinner Plates, S-inch.
8 dozen Soup Plates. 8-inch. '
3 dozen Vegetable Dishes,' 'J-inch.
1 dozen Platters, 12-inch.
6 dozen Sauce Dishes, small.
12 dozen Cups and Saucers.
6 dozen Glass Tumblers.
Tiuware.
5 dozen Galvanized Iron Buckets. 3 gallons. No.
24 Irou.
6 dozen Galvanized Iron Chambers, 831-inch
top, cinch bottom. Hi- inches high. No. 26 iron.
10 dozen Pint Tin Cups, X tin.
1 dozen tin Coffee Pots, 3 .a! lons. XXX tin.
1 dozen Tin Syrup Cans. 2 callons, XX tin.
1 dozen Soap Cans, 3 gallons, XXX tin
1 dozen Milk Cans, 3 gallons, XX tin.
Wood.
200 cords Pine Wood. Said woo shall no' be
under 6 inches or over 10 Inches In thickness and
shall be strictly No. 1.
Engine-Room Coal.
150 tons Engine-Room Coal, 2240 rounds to the
ton. Bidders specify kin ! and quality.
To be delivered In carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales. - .-.-
Gas Coal.
100 tons das Coal, 2240 pounds to the ton. Bid-
ders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots and weighed on
i Asylum scales.
Range Coal.
40 tons screened coal. 2240 pounds to the
ton. Bidders specily kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots and weighed on
: Asylum scales.
! The above-named articles are all to be of th»
I best qualities, subject to the approval of the
I Medical Director, and to be delivered at the
; Asylum at such times and in such quantities as he
I may desire. And it Is expressly understood that
: If a greater or less quantity of any article than
! above mentioned shall be required by the Medical
Director, the same shall be furnished by the con-
! tractor at the contract price.
The contracts will be awarded to the lowest
j responsible bidder, and no bid will be received or
considered unless accompanied by a certified
■ check in an amount equal to 10 percent of the bid
: or bids presented, which amount shall be forfeited
; to the people of the State of California as settled,
: fixed and liquidated damages in case the bidder to
: wnom the award of contract is made shall fail or
refuse to enter into such contract and furnish such
bonds for the faithful performance of the same as
the Board of Trustees may require within five
days after such award. Supplies only to bo re-
ceived between 8 a.m. and -i p.m. Separate bids
will be received for
GROCERIES. y. y .......
macaroni and vermicelli.
canned goods.
DRIED fruit.
COFFEE, tea. SPICES, etc.
fresh BEEF, mutton, ETC.
ROLL BITTER.
keg BUTTER.
EGGS.
POTATOES.
HAMS, BACON, LARD AND PORK.
SALT FISH.
FRESH FISH.
SA LT.
FLOUR, GRAIN, ETC.
CHEWING TOBACCO.
SMOKING TOBACCO AND PIPES.
SOAP, LYE AND SODA.
LAUNDRY SUPPLIES.
DRY GOODS.
CLOTHING. s-
BRUSHES. Y:y.;Y
BROOMS.
CROCK r.RY AND GLASSWARE.
TINWARE.
WOOD.
ENGINE-ROOM COAL-
GAS COAL.
Range coal. yyy
The Board reserves the right of rejecting any or
all bids.
Payments to be made monthly, in cash, when
there Is money in the Treasury for such pay-
ments, and when there is no money in the
Treasury, payment to be made out, of the first
money In the Treasury applicable for that pur-
pose. ■ - y --.-,..
Bids to be addressed to T. S. Montgomery, No. 32
East Santa Clara street, San Jose, Cal., Secretary
of the Board cf Trustees of the State Insane Asy-
lum at Agnews, and Indorsed on envelope, "Propo-
sals for furnishing supplies." Bidders will also
mark on envelope the class of supplies bid on.
Envelopes and blank bids may be obtained by ap-
plying to the Secretary. A separate envelope will
be required for tar/i bid
Samples of articles, showing the character and
qualltyuhereoi required, except such as are per-
ishable, may be seen at the storeroom of the
Asylum.
The attention of bidders is called to the following
section from the Political Code of the Stale:
Section 3235. "No supplies of any- kind or
character for the benefit of the State or to be paid
by any moneys appropriated, or to be appropri-
ated, by the State, manufactured or grown in this
State, which are in whole or in part the product of
Mongolian labor, shall be purchased by the officials
for this State bavins control of any public Institu-
tion under the control of the Stale, or of any
county, city and county, city or town thereof."
In order to preserve uniformity and facilitate
tho award it has been resolved to receive no bids
unless made upon blank forms furnished by the
secretary.
Parties will please carry out the sum total for
each article and aid up the same, so that the gross
amount may be seen at a glance; otherwise bid
wiil not be considered.
By order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Insane Asylum at Agnews.
Dated San Jose,- March -6. 1886.
T. S. MONTGOMERY. Secretary.'
No. 32 East _>uuu cam street. Sun Jose, Cal.
NEW TO-DAT.
|l|||lffiii
Notice to the Republican Voters of
San Francisco.
Official Call for a Primary Election
In That Portion of San Francisco
Comprising the Fourth Congres-
sional District.
At a meeting of the Republican County Commit-
teemen of that portion of the City and County of
San Francisco embraced within the Fourth Con-
gressional District held on the 3d day of Apt 11 J
-1896, the following resolutions were adopted:
Whekeas. The Republican State Central Com-
mittee of the State of California on the _9th day
or February, 1896, issued a call for a Republican
State Convention, to be held ln the city of Sacra-
mento, State of California, on the 6th day of May.
1896, and also for Republican District conventions
ln and for the several Congressional districts of the
State of California, to select delegates to the Re-
Eubllcan National Convention to be held in St.
ouis, Mo., on the 16th day of June. 1896. and for
the transaction of such other aud further business
as may be brought before the said state and dis-
trict conventions; and
Whereas. The said State Central Committee at
Itsaforesaid meeting and in said call piovlded that
the basis of representation in said conventions I
should be as follows: One delegate for each As- I
sembly district within the Congressional district;
one delegate for each 200 votps cast for the Hon.
M. M. Estee, the Republican candidate for Gover-
nor in 1894, and one delegate for each fraction of
100 votes or over; and
Whereas, In accordance with the said last-
named provision the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trict Is entitled to sixty-seven delegates in said State
and district conventions: and
Whereas, The aforesaid State Central Commit-
tee, by a resolution duly and rezularlv passed,
further provided that the members of 'the State
Central Committee for each Congressional district
should constitute a committee whose duty it
should be to select a Congressional committee of
seven persons from the resident of each such dis-
trict, in whom should be vested the power and
authority to provide for the selection of delegates
to the said State and district conventions within
their respective districts; and
Whereas, At a meeling of the said members of
the said State Central Committee from the Fourth
Congressional District duly and regularly held
within said district, the said committee of seven
was duly and regularly selected to compose said
Congressional , committee and was invested with
the powers and duties delegated to such Congres- :
sional committee by the Republican National i
Committee and by the said Stale Central Commit-
tee: and -
Whereas. The said Congressional committee
of seven, in and for the said Fourth Congressional
District, at a meeting thereof held on the 13lh day
of March, 1896, duly adopted a resolution delegat-
ing to the Republican County Committeemen for
1 that portion of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco embraced In the Fourth Congressional District
the power and discretion to determine the manner
and supervision of the selection of delegates to the
said state and district conventions and to provide
for the selection thereof, by appointment or by pri-
mary election, as in their discretion shall seem
best, subject, however, to the supervision of said
Congressional committee of seven. Now, therefore
belt
Resolved, That the Republican County Commit-
teemen of the City and County of San Francisco
embraced within the Fourth Congressional District,
| acting under and in pursuance of its aforesaid au-
thority, do hereby order and call a primary elec-
tion to be held in the City and County of san Fran-
cisco, that portion thereof embraced within the
Fourth Congressional D strict, on the l. .th day of
April. 1896. for the purpose hereinafter specified,
in accordance with the laws governing primary
elections as prescribed by the Political and Penal
Codes of the -state of California.
Resolved, That said primary election shall be
held on the 15th day of April, 1898, the polls to be
kept open continuously between the hours of one
(1) o'clock and seven (7) o'clock In the afternoon
of said day.
Resolved, That there shall be two polling-places
in each Assembly district In the City and County
of San Fra Cisco embraced within the said Fourth :
Congressional District, and that for each of said I
polling-places the board of election shall consist of
one inspector, two judges and two clerks.
Resolved, That the polling-places must be on the
ground floor and the ballot-boxes be so placed as
to be plainly seen from the sidewalk, and that free
and uninterrupted ingress must be given in each
polling-place to electors entitled to vo'e thereat, i
and also to such representative or alternate of each
set of candidates that may be voted for at each
polling-place as shall present the credentials here- I
matter provided for to the board of election at such
polling-place.
Resolved, That printed cards of admission to each
of polling-places shall be given to the repre-
sentatives of each set of candidates requesting the
same. The said request must be in wr ting and
Signed by a majority of the candidates on each set
of tickets. The cards of admission shall be signed
by the chairman and secre cry of this committee
and shall contain the name of the party entitled to
admission and the polling-place at which it is in-
tended to be used. The officers of election may
give permission to said persons presenting said
cards of admission to enter the polling-place before
the opening of the polls and to remain there
until the canvass Is completed and ail the re urns
are properly signed and sealed up. In the event
of the failure on the part of the election officers to
admit such persons holding cards of admission to
the polling-place, such person may call upon the
police officers detailed for such duty at such poll-
ing-place, and such police officer may use all law-
ful means to take such person inside the polling-
place. The Chief of Police is requested to give
insir ctlons to his officers to entoree this resolu-
tion. Persons ho ding cards of admi-slon may be
relieved by a duly appointed and authorized alter-
nate, who shall have the same rights and privi-
leges as the first regular representative upon pre-
sentation of the card of aaxnSS-On issued to tne
said original representative.
Resolved, That no barricade or other obstruction
shall be erected or maintained in front of any
polling-plKce, but that the said polling-place shall
be free from all obstructions, as they are at general
elections, and we hereby give notice that no returns
will be received or counted as official from any
polling-place where this provision has been
violated. -: .y
Resolved, That the official ballot-box at each poll-
ing-place must remain in plain unobstructed
view from the opening to the close of the polls,
and be so placed that the voter may easily see the
top of the box and his ballot deposited. The rep-
resentatives of all tickets must be permitted to re-
main insldethe polling-place and In such position
that they can at all times witness unobstructed
the reception of the ballot from the voter and 'lie
depositing of the same in the ballot-box by the in-
spector or judge of elections who receives the bal-
lot.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or solicit-
lngof votes shall be permitted within 100 feet of
tin- polls, and the committee requests the police
officers on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
structed at all times. This shall not be construed
to apply to the presence of challengers.
Resolved, That an official map of the district,
showing the boundaries of its various precincts,
shall be posted iv a conspicuous place outside of
the polling-places.
Resolved, That in addition to all other grounds of
challenge in the laws of the State governing gen-
eral elections this commute- her-bv directs and
orders that the following and additional test be
given to voters: "1 believe in Republican princi-
ples and indorse the Republican policy, and intend
to support the nominees of the Republican party."
solved. That this committee shall procure and
provide for each polling-place a ballot-box, such as ]
is used at the general elections, and also at least !
two copies of the precinct register, embracing the j
boundaries of the Assembly District, and for each !
particular polling-place one copy of such precinct
register must remain at all times inside of the i
polling-place and retained by the election hoard '
for the purposes of ascertaining whether the name S
of the voter appears on such precinct register, and :
to place a check opposite the name of the voter
after li« has voted.
Resolved, That for said primary election only the ;
printed precinct registers used at the general elec- I
tion held in .-November, 1894, shall be used, and I
no person shall be permitted to vote whose name I
does not appear in the precinct register In one of
the precincts within the polling districts of the '
Assembly district in which he otters to vote.
Resolved, That the delegates elected from the ;
City and County of San Francisco, In and for said :
Congressional District, at said primary election,
shall be and they are hereby empowered and au- I
thorized to meet in said State Convention and in I
said District Convention, and to transact the busi- ,
ness provided in the call of the National Republi-
can Committee and the Republican State Central !
Committee. ?-**- •- -■:'. ' -Y
Resolved, That In pursuance of the provisions of
the call of the Republican National Committee :
and ot the Republican State Central Committee l
the election of delegates to the said Stale aid Dis- j
trict conventions will ba he'd in and by Assembly
districts. Kach Assembly district of the said City
and County of San Francisco within said Fourth
Congressional District Is to elect the number of
delegates hereinafter^ provided.
Resolved, That the number of delegates to be
select! d irom the several Assembly districts of the
City and County of San Francisco embraced with-
in said Fourth Congressional District and appor-
tionment thereof is as follows:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— Fve (5) dele-
gates. . ■'■'■ ''-.y . ■:
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— Five (5) dele-
gates.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Six (9) delegates.
Thirty-first Assembly District— Five (5) delegates.
Thirty-second Assembly District— Four (4) dele-
gates.
Thirty-third Assembly District— Six (6) delegates.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— Nine (9) dele-
gates.
Forty-second Assembly District— Eight (8) dele-
gates.
Forty-third Assembly District— Seven (7) dele-
gates. >
Forty-fourth Assembly District— Six (6) dele-
gates.
Forty-fifth Assembly. District— (5) dele-
gates.
The number of delegates so apportioned mnst
be voted for by Assembly districts.
: Resolved, . That all ballots. voted at the primary
election roust be twelve Inches in length and six
Inches wide. The paper' shall be of a pink color,
and- shall be in the type required by the election
laws now in force, and worded as follows: . . ,
" Assemby District
v .-■' ■ • -■ • •■ tor -yy-
Delcjtatc-s to Republican State Convention, and
Republican District Convention for the Fourth
Congressional Distric:." ■ -. ■
Numbers to be followed consecutively according
to the number of delegates to which each Assem-
bly District may be entitled. . -
- Resolved. That the time and manner of the pub-
lication of the notice of said primsi".* election shall
be by publishing the entire call for said primary
election in a newspaper of general circulation pub-
, NEW TO-DAT.
lished In the City and County of San Francisco,
for at least five days prior to and including said
day on which the primary election Is to be held.
Resolved, That within one hour after the canvass
of the vote at each polling-place, and when all the
returns have been properly signed and sealed by
the election board and clerks of election, the re-
turns must be brought in 1 ronerlv sealed packages
by one of the election board designated by the
board for that purpose, to the chairman of this
committee, at the place previously designated for
that purpose. The chairman of this committee
shall mark on each package received by him the
day and hour of its receipt. He shall also give a
receipt to the party from whom he receives the
package. The chairman of this committee shall
take all necessary care and precaution for th" safe-
keeping of all packages delivered to him and keep
them In his cus:ody intact and unopened until the
time designated for the opening ana canvassing of
the returns.
Resolved, That this committee be and is hereby
constituted a returning and canvassing board to I
open the returns from each polling place, foot np !
the returns and the total number of votes cast for !
each candidate for delegate to said State and dis- '
trict conventions. This Committee shall meet in
said City of San Francisco in the evening of the
day on which said primary election is held to open
and canvass the said returns and continue in ses-
sion until all the returns from each and every poll- '
I ing-place have been fully canvassed. After the
i returns have been completely canvassed they
I shall be certified by this committee to the Con-
! gressional committee of seven in and for the said :
Fourth Congressional District, which will act as a :
'■ returning board thereon and will certify the result
j thereof to the aforesaid State and district conven- '
tions. The said meetings of this committee shall ■
j be public.
j Resolved, That in all precincts or districts where -
Republican voters fail to vote for tne apportion- i
1 ment of delegates to which they may be entitled, I
1 or where fraud at the said primary election is I
\ proven beyond question to this committee, then
I this committee shall have power to appoint the ;
delegates to represent said district in said State '
f and district conventions, and shall certify their '
said appointment to the said Congressional com-
mittee of seven In and for said district.
Resolved, That the committee hereby insists that
a free and untrammeled ballot and an honest
count must be carried out and rigidly enforced at
said primary election; that all attempts to deviate
from this principle should be discountenanced, and
that those guilty of frauds or parties thereto should ,
be disbarred from said and all other conventions,
and that if it shall appear at any polling-; that !
there is or has been any iraud or wrong committed,
or the rights of auy citizen to cast his free and un- '
trammeled oallot and to have the same houestlv
counted has been in any way Interfered with, this
committee will set aside and" declare null and void
the election at said polling-place, and shall proceed
to provide the representation to which said district
Is entitled in said convention, as above set forth.
The eiection officers in this call provided for will
receive their credentials, election paraphernalia,
at the rooms of this committee.
All tickets to be voted for at said primary elec-
tion shall be filed with the secretary of this com-
mittee on or before 12 o'clock noon Monday, April ,
13, 1896, and all voces cast at said primary elec-
tion for persona other than persons whose names j
appear upon one or more of such tic kets Shall be
counted as scattering.
The Assembly districts within the Fourth Con- ;
gressional Di strict are divided into polling districts ;
am! polling places therefor fixed a- follows:
Twenty-eighth District— Polling-place No. 1, 122 I
Second street; precincts 7 to 15 inclusive. Poll-
ing-place No. 2, 415 Folsom street; precincts 1 to
6 inclusive and 16, 17, 18.
Twenty-ninth District — Polling-place No. 1,
7_SV_ Howard street; precincts 2, 6, 6, 7, 10, 11,
1-1. 15, 17, 18. Polling-place No. 2. 810 Howard
street; precincts 1, 8, i, 8, 9, 12. 13, 16, 19.
Thirtieth District— Polling- placa No. 1, 1003
Howard; precincts 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. 17.
Polling-place No. 2, 1021 Howard; precincts 8
to 16 inclusive.
Thirty-first District— Polling-place No. 1, 1203
Mission; precincts 1 to 7 inclusive.
Polling-place No. 2, 1367 Folsom; precincts 8 to
17 Inclusive.
Thirty-second District— Polling-place No. 1, 502
Third; precincts 1 to 9 inclusive and 12.
Polling-place No. 2, 1040 Kentucky; precincts
10.11,13,14,15.
Thirty-third District— Polling-place No. 1, 225
Twenty-fourth; precincts 1 to 6 inclusive.
Polling-place No. 2, southeast corner Kentucky
and Sierra; precincts 7to 14 inclusive. .
Thirty-ninth District— rolling-place No. 1, north-
west corner Polk and Hayes; precincts 1 to 9 in-
clusive.
Polling-place No. 2, 1019 Larkin: precincts 10 to ;
17 inclusive.
-second District— Polling-place No. 1, 209
Ellis: precincts 1 to 6 inclusive.
Polling-place No. _, 1339 California; precincts 7
to 14 inclusive.
Forty-third District— Polling-place No. 1. Califor- :
nia Ii all, Bush, near Powell; precincts 8 to 16 in
elusive.
Polling-place No. 2, 128 O'Farrell; precincts 1 to
7 inclusive.
Forty-fourth District— Polling-place No. 1. 440 '
Green: precincts 1, 2, 3, 4, 9. 11. 12. 13 and 14.
Polling-pace No. 2, 604 Lombard; precincts 5,
6, 7. 8. 10,15. 16, 17.
Forty-hub District— Polling-place N0.1— 520 Bat-
tery: precincts 1 to 8 Inclusive.
Polliug-Dlac" No. 2. northwest corner Battery
and Green; preclncis 9 to 17 Inclusive.
By order of said committee.
.1. M. CHRETIEN, Chairman.
P. J. Walsh, Secretary*.
Dated April 3, 1896.
' o
Official Call for a Primary Election
in That Portion of San Francisco
. Lying Within the Fifth Congres-
sional District.
At a meetingof the Republican County Commit- '
teemen of that portion of the City and Connty of !
San Francisco embraced within the Fifth Con- !
gressional District held on the 4th day of April, !
1896, the following resolutions were adopted:
Whereas, The Republican Sate Central Com-
mittee of the State of California on the 29th day
of February, 1896, issued a cull for a Republican
State Convention, to be held in tho city of Sacra- I
mento, State of California, on the s:h day of May,
1896, and also for Republican District conventions [
n and for the several Congressional districts of the
State of California, to select delegates to the Re-
publican National Convention to be held in St '
Louis, Mo., on the 16th day of June* 1896, and for i
the transaction of such other and further business
as may be brought before the said state and di*- I
trict conventions: and
Wh___j_as, The said State Central Committee at
its aforesaid meeting and in said cail provided that !
the basis of representation in said conventions !
should be as follows: One -elegate for each As-
-ii.i- district within the Congressional dlsirict:
one delegate for each 200 votes cast for the Hon!
M. M. Estee. the Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor in 1804, and one delegate for each fraction
of 100 votes or over: and
Whereas. In accordance with the said last-
named provision the Fifth Congressional district
is entitled to fifty-five delegates in said State and
district conventions; and
Whereas, The atoresaid State Central Com-
mittee, by a resolution duly and regularly passed,
further provided that the members of The Slate l
Central Committee for each Congressional Dis- !
trict should constitute a committee whose duty it I
should be to select a Congressional committee of
seven persons from the residents of each such dis-
tric - . in whom should be vested the power and au-
thority to provide for the selection of delegates to
the said State and district conventions within
their respective districts: and '
Whereas, At a meeting of the said members of '
the said State Central Committee from the Fifth
Ccngressional District duly and reifulariv held !
within said district, tbe said committee of seven
was duly and regularly selected to compose said
Congressional committee and was invested with j
the powers and duties delegated to such Congres- j
sional committee by the Republican National Com- :
mittee and by the said State Central Committee;
and
Whkbeas, The said Congressional committee i
of seven, in and for the said Fifth Congressional •
District, at a meeting thereof held on the 17th day !
of March, 1896. duly adopted a resolution delegat- j
Ing to the Republican County Committeemen for
that portion of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco embraced in the Fifth Congressional District !
the power and discretion to determine the manner
and supervision of the selection of delegates to the
said State and district conventions and to provide
for the selection thereof, by appointment or by pri- '
mary election, as in their discretion shall seem
best, subject, however, to the supervision of said 1
Congressional committee of seven. Now, there- I
fore, be it >.-».--= •
Resolved. That the Republican County Commit- 1
teemen of the City and County 01 Han Francisco
embraced within the Fifth Congressional District,
acting "under and in pursuance of its aforesaid j
authority, do hereby order and call a primary elec-
tion to be held In the City and County of san I
Francisco, that portion thereof embraced within j
the Fifth Congressional District, on the 15th day
of April, 1896, for the purposes hereinafter speci-
fied, in accordance with the laws governing
primary elections as prescribed by the Political i
and Penal Codes of the'state of California.
Resolved, That said primary election shall be
held on the 15th day of April, 1836, the polls to be i
kept open continuously between the hours of one i
(1) o'clock and seven (7) o'clock in the afternoon i
of said day.
Resolved', That there shall be two polllng-nlaces
In each Assembly district in the City and County
of San Francisco embraced within the said Fifth
Congressional District, and that for each of said
polling-places the board of election shall consist of
oue inspector, two judges and two clerks.
Resolved, That the polling-places must be on the !
ground floor and the ballot-boxes be so placed as
to be plainly seen norn the sidewalk, and that free
and uninterrupted ingress must be given in each
polling-place to electors entitled to vote thereat,
and also to such representative or alternate of each !
set of candidates that may be voted for at each I
polling-place as shall present the credentials here-
inafter provided tor to the board of election at
such polling-place.
Beaotved, That printed cards of admission to each
of the polling-places shall be given to the repre-
sentatives of each set of candidates requesting the
same. The said request must be in wrltln_ and
signed by a majority of the candidates on each set
of tickets. The cards of admission shall be signed
by the chairman and. secretary of this committee
aud shall contain the name of "the party entitled to
admission and the polling-place at which it is in- ,
tended to be used." The officers of election may
give permission to said persons presenting said
cards of admission to enter the polling-place before
the opening of the polls and to remain there
until the canvass Is completed end all the returns
are properly signed and set' led up. In the event
of the failure on the part of the election officers to
admit such persons holding cards of admission to
the polling-place, such person may call upon the
police officers detailed for such duty at such poll-
ing-place, and such police officer may use all law-
ful means to take such person inside the polling- j
place. The chief of Police Is requested to give
Instructions to bis officers to cniorce this resolu-
tion. Persons holding cards of admission may be
relieved by a duly appointed and authorized alter-
nate, who shall have the same rights and privi-
leges as the first regular representative upon pre-
sentation of . the card of admission issued to the
said original representative.
. Resolved, That no barricade or other obstruction
shall be erected or maintained in front of any
polling-place, but that '.he said polling-places shall
. NEW TO-DAY.
be free from all obstructions, as they are at gen-
eral elections, and we hereby £ive notice tha: no
returns will be received or counted as official from
any polling-place where this provision has been
violated.
Resolved, That the official ballot-box at each
polling-place must remain sn a plain unobstructed
view from the opening to the close of the polls,
and be so placed that the voter may easily see the
top of the box and his ballot deposited. The rep-
resentatives of all tickets must be permitted to re-
main inside the polling-place and in such position
that they can a" all times witness unobstructed
the reception 01 the ballot from the voter and the
depositing of the same in the ballot-box by the In-
spector or judge of elections who receives the
ballot.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or solicit-
ing of votes shall be permitted within 100 feet of
the polls, and the committee requests the police
officers on duty to keep the polls free and unob-
'. structed at all times. This shail not be construed
to apply to the presence of challengers.
Resolved, That an official map of the district
' showing the boundaries of its various precincts
shall te posted in a conspicuous place outside of
I the polling-places.
Resolved, That In addition to all other grounds of
- challenge in the laws of the State governing gen-
: eral elections this committee hereby directs and
orders that the following and additional test be
1 given to voters: -'I believe in Republican princi-
I pies and indorse the Republican policy, and intend
! 10 support the nominees of the Repuo lean party."
Resolved, That this committee shall procure and
provide tor each polling-place a ballot-box, such ns
is used at the general elections, and, also, at least
' two copies of the precinct register, embracing th*
bounJaries of the Assembly district, and for each
! particular polling place one copy of such precinct
register must remain at nil times inside of the
: polling-place and retained by the election board
i for the purposes of ascertaining whether the name
j of the voter appears on such precinct register, and
I to place a check opposite the name of the voter
: after he has voted.
Resolved, That for said primary election only th .
; printed precinct registers used at the general elec-
j tion held In November, 1894. shall be used, and
■ no person shall be permitted to vote whose name
does not appear in the precinct register in one of
of the precincts within the poiilng district of the
Assembly District in which he offers to vote .
Resolved, That the delegates ejected from th«
! City and County of San Franc sco, in and for said
. Congressional District, at said primary election,
' shall be and they are hereby empowered and au-
l thorized to meet in said State Convention and in
I said District Convention, and to transact the busi-
ness provided in the call 01 the National Republi-
; can Committee and the Republican State Central
Committee.
Resolved, That In pursuance of the provisions of
! the call of the Rebublican National Committee
; ana of the Republican State Central Committee, the
election of delegates to the Said State and district
conventions will be held in and by Assembly
I districts. Each Assembly district of the said Ci y
and < ounty of i-mi Francisco within said Fifth
Congressional District is to elect the number of
j delegates hereinafter provided.
Resolved, That the number of delegates to be
■ selected from the several Assembly districts of the
City and County of San Francisco embrace^
within said Fifth Congressional District and ap-
. portionment thereof is as follows:
Thirty-fourth Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
: gates.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District, git (6) delegates,
Thirty-sixth Assembly District, seven (7) dele-
gates. !
Thirty-seventh Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
gates.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District, eight (8) dele-
gales.
Fortieth Assembly District, nine (9) delegates.
Forty-first Assembly District, nine (9) delegates.
The number of delegates SO apportioned must be
voted for by Assembly districts.
Resolved. That all ballots voted at the primary
electio ti must be twelve inches in length and six
Inches wide. The paper shall be of a pink color,
and shall lie In the type required by the election
laws now in force, and worded as loilows:
" i 1 , . — Assembly District
for .
Delegates to Republican State Convention, and
Republican District Convention for the Fifth
Congressional Dlsirict."
Numbers to be followed consecutively according
; to the number of delegates to which each Assembly
; District may be entitled.
Resolved, That : be time and manner of the pub-
; lication of the notice 01 said primary election shall
be by publishing the entire call for said primary
j election in a newspaper of general circulation pub-
l lish d in the city and comity of San Francisco,
! for at least five days prior 10 and including said
day on which the primary election is 10 be he.d.
Resolved, That within one hour after the canvass
of the vote at each polling-place, and when all the
returns have been pro erly signed and sealed by
1 the election board and clerics of election, the re-
turns must be brought in properly scaled packages
by one of tne election board designated ny the
board for that purpose, to the chairman of this
. committee, at the place previously designated .or
i that purpose. The chairman of "this committee
shall mark on each package received by him th*
i day and hour of its receipt, lie shall also give a
j receipt to the party from whom he receives the
package. The chairman Of this committee shall
take ail necessary care and precaution for the sat*
keeping of all packages delivered to him and keep
them in his cus ody Intact and unopened until tlm
lime designated for the opening and canvassing of
the returns.
Resolved, That this committee be and Is hereby
constituted a returning and canvassing board to
open the returns from each polling place, foot up
the returns and the total number of votes Cast for
each candidate for delegate to said State and dis-
trict conventions. This committee shall meet ln
said City of san Francisco in the evening of the
day on which said primary election Is held to open
j and canvass the said returns and continue in ses-
I sion until all ti e returns irom each and every poll-
! ing-place have been fully canvassed. At er the
returns have been completely canvassed they shall
i be certified by this committee to the Congressional
! committee of seven in and for the said Fifth con-
! gressional District, which will ac: as a returning
j board thereon and will certify the result thereof to
the aforesaid State and District conventions. The
j said meetings of this committee shall be public.
Resolved, That in all precincts or districts Where
1 Republican voters tail to vote for the ap ortlon-
I ment of delegates 10 which they may be entitled,
I or where fraud at the said primary election Is
proven beyond question to this commtttee, then
J this committee shall have power to appoint th 1 ?
; delegates to represent said district in said State
I and district conventions, and shall certify th'-.r
! said appointment to the said < onirresslonat com-
| mittee of seven in and for said district.
Resolved, That this committee hereby insists tba.
I a free and trammeled ballot and an honest
I count must be carried out and rigidly enforced at
j said primary election: that all attempts to deviate
' from this principle should be discountenanced, and
1 that those guilty of frauds or parties thereto should
j be disbarred from said and ail other conventions,
and that if it shall appear at any polling-place that
there is or has been any fraud or wrong Committed,
or the r.ghts of any citiz -n to cast his free and un-
trammeled ballot and 10 have the same honestly
counted has been In any way interfered with, this -
committee will set aside ann declare null and void
the election at said polling-place, and shall proceed
to provide the representation to which said district
is entitled in said convention, as above set forth.
The election officers in this call provided for will
\ receive their credentials, election paraphernalia,
I at the rooms of this committee.
All ticKets to be voted for at said primary elec-
i tion shall be filed with the secy tary of this com-
mittee on or before 12 o'clock noon Monday, April
13, 1896, and all votes cast at said primary election
for persons other than persons whose names ap-
pear upon one or more of such tickets shall bo
counted as scattering.
The Assembly districts within the Fifth Con-
' gressional District are divided into polling districts
i and poll ing places therefor fixed as follows:
Thirty-fourth District— Polling-place No. 1, 1733
! Mission; precincts 1 to 10 Inclusive. Polling
place No. ii, 336 Nineteenth street, near Valencia;
j precincts 11 to 19 inclusive.
Thirty-fifth District— Polling-place No. 1, 641
1 Twenty -fourth street, near Valencia; precincts 2,*
1 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7. Polling-place No. 2. 1606 Valen-
c ia street: precincts 1. 8, 9, 10, 11, 12.
Thirty-sixth District— Polling place No. 1, 845
! Seventeenth; precincts 1 10 8 inclusive.
Polling place No. 2— Tweniy-iourth and Castro ;
precincts 9 016 inclusive.
Thirty-seventh District— Polling place No. 1,
300 cough Republican Wigwam); precincts 1 to ij
inclusive.
Polling-place No. 2— Northeast corner of Oak
and Devisadero streets; precincts 10 to 18 Inclu-
sive.
Thirty-eighth District— Polling-place No. I, north-
east corn.r of Hough and McAllister streets; pre-
cincts 1, 2, 3,4, 5, 7. 8,9.
Polling-place No 2—1703 Eddy, near Pierce;
precincts 6, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15.
Fortieth District— Polling-place No. I, north-
east corner Post and Laguna streets; preciucts 1,
2, 3, 4.5, 6, 7, 8, 16.
Polling-place No, -—Northeast corner of Sutter
and Devisadero; precincts 9 to 15 inclusive.
i-orty-first District— Polling-place No. I— North-
east corner Pacific and Polk; precincts 1 to 10 in-
clusive.
Poliing-place No. Union and Steiner; pre-
cincts 11 to 16 Inclusive.
By order of said committee.
CHARLES W. MAN WAKING, Chairman.
JOHN JACKSON, Secretary.
Dated April 4, 1896.
LI PO TAI JR., /"ST
Chines. Tea and Herb L __-. J
Sa i! i tori qui.
No. 727 Washington St., V** 2
San Francisco, Cal. \ |jfc- 9
Cor. Erenham Platte, above fates' Jl
the plaza. >V_* /_?_*__
Oflice Hours: 9to 12, — <> *,Ji^
1 to 4 ami 5 to 7. Sun- " 9 _j_l^~
day, 9 A. 31. to Vi M.
Li Po Tai Jr.. son of tne famous li £»
Tal, lias taken Uis father's business,
and is, after eleven years' study i-_
China, fully prepared to locate aal
treat all diseases. $
COAL! COAL !
Wellington f 10 00
Bontbfleld .' 950 """
Genuine Coos Bay... 6 50-Halfton. 3 '-ri
Seattle _ 00-Half ton. 400
Bryant 700-Halfton. 400
Telephone— Black— 35.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
523 Howard Street, Near First.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WABD & Co.
European plan. Rooms 50c to Sl 50 per day. $.
to $8 per weeic, «8 to *30 per month: free baths;
hot and cold water every room: fire crates iv
every room; elevator runs all night.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
t HUB- OF THE MARKETS.
Mexican Dollars lower.
silver dropped sharply.
Wheat Freights advanced.
Wheat steadily held.
Barley st* adv. live very dull.
improving demand for Oats.
Corn tending upward.
Ha] and Beans unchanged.
Flour as before.
Potatoes steady. Onions very scarce.
Vegetables sell well.
Butter lower. Cheese weakening.
Another advance in Eegs.
Poultry hardly as firm.
Game nominal.
Serloui damage to Fruit reported.
Dried Fruit very dull.
Citrus Fruits a' out the same.
Hams firm. Bacon weak. Lard lower.
Hides and Leather quiet.
Hops and Wool demoralized.
Ho;s lower.
Wool Bass higher.
Coffee quiet. .
explanation.
Tbe arrow files with the wind. The top figures !
at station indicate maximum temperature for the :
days; those underneath it. If any, the amount of .
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths, I
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid ;
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therm-, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
«ord "high" means nigh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low" i
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and i
accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*. "Lows"
Usually first appear on the Washington coast, i
V. hen the pressure is high In the interior and low
song the const, and the isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain Is probable: but when
the "low" is incosedwith isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With _ I
-.:■■" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
tailing to the California coast, warmer weather may i
be expected in summer and colder weather ln win
ter. The reverse of these conditions, will product
aa epposile result.
!
AY EAI IIEH BL'REAU REPORT,
United States Department of Agtictti/-
Triu, Weather Bureau, San Francisco,
April 14, 1896, sp. m —Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date '
as compared with those of the same date last sea
sou: Eureka 42.13. las: season 39.61: Red Bluff
17. 9, last season 27.87; San Francisco 17.23, last
season 23.98; Fr sno 5.99, last season 15.45; San
Ln's Obispo 15.88, last season 24.97: Los Angeles
8.88, last season 15.56; Ban Diego 5.80. last season
11.90; Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
bo. Bad Bluff 64, San Francisco 51 Fresno 60, San
Luis Obispo 56, Los Angeles 64, San Diego 62,
Yuma 86.
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature 51,
minimum 46, mean 48.
The following rainfalls are reported during the
past twenty-four hours in California: Eureka, .24
of an inch: San Francisco,. of an inch; San Luis
Obispo, .01 Of an inch; Sun Diego, ,02 of an Inch;
Los Angeles, trace.
1 he pressure has increased along the California
anil Oregon coasts during tbe past twenty-four
hours. . Darin, this time an area of high pressure
. s moved southward into Montana from the Brit
isi. —talons. There has been .* marked fall in
temperature throughout the entire region west of
the Rocky Mountains and north of Arizona. In
Northern Nevada the change In temperature has
exceeded 20 degrees. The temperatures are now
so low throughout the interior of California that se
vere frosts are imminent, especially in the Sau
Joaquin Valley. The danger of frost will probably
continue during Wednesday night. Frost warn-
Ings have been distributed throughout that portion
of California north of the Tehacliapi.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight; April 16. 1896:
Northern California—Fa. r to-night and Wednes
day; severe frosts to-night ami probably Wednes
day night: fresh northerly winds
southern California—Fair to-night and Wednes
day; cooler in the east jortion Wednesday; fresh
north! winds.
Nevada—Probably fair Wednesday.
Utah—Snow to-night: probably clearing Wednes
day.
Arizona—Fair: much colder Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair to night ano
\\ ednesday; fresh westerly to northerly winds.
W. 11. 11 ammon. Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 14.—Speculation at
th* Stock Exchange Is broadening, the dealings in
stocks to-day having aggregated 213,900 shares. A
more confident tone also characterized the trading.
The recent official statements from Washington
tba* action on the Cuban resolutions is likely to be
• postponed for some time again exerted a stimu
lating effect. The further reduction In the posted
rates of sterling exchange and a belief that there
will be no gold shipments this week added to the
bullish feeling. Putthermore, the Impression that
the more seasonable weather is bound to aflect
trade favorably. Id to buying by the more ven
turesome of the bull and the purchases assisted the
upward movement during the early session. as
of late, the Industrials were most conspicuous in
the transactions. Sugar rose «o 123, the best price
attained since the current upward movement set
in. The stock was taken by lower Wall street In
terest on the favorable ouiloo.. tor the trade. In
the late dealings the stock ran off to 122(0,1221,4.
Tobacco, after declining to 848/4 rose to 86Va and
later broke and closed at 81. The break was due
to the revival of the rumor that the scrip dividend
will be enjoined. Chicago Gas rose to 703/g. It was
stated that the company intended resuming the
payment of dividends, but nothing authentic could
be obiained and the report was not generally cred
ited. General Electric was weaker 1 ban the other
industrials and fell to 37*4. In the railway list the
Vanderbllts, Goulds, Grangers ami Reading stocks
were In better demand. Michigan Central at one
time showed a tain of nearly 2% at 97, while Man
hattan brought 1121% In the late trading when
Tobacco weakened on the Injunction rumor, the
entire list ran off on reaiizings and the market
closed rather weak in tone. Net changes show
gains of !_'-.!% In the general list and losses of
about as much In Tobacco, General Electric and
Northern Pacific preferred.
Bonds were active and strong.. The sales footed
up $1,987,000. Detroit das consolidated lives rose
lto7b; Duluth and Iron Range fives, 1 to 103;
Louisville, New Albany and Chicago first sixes, 1
to 104; St. Louis and San Francisco trust fives. 3V_
to 90: St. Paul Southwestern division sixes, 1 to
lib. .'■'. :-;».-.;
In Government-bonds $76,000 coupon fours of
19.5 brought 117- 171/4: $7950 registered
bonds 1925 brought liT-.-i^il^/a-
Grain.
FLOUR—Firm: winter wheat, low grades,
$2 4602 90: do fair to fancy, $2 85(^,3 90:
do patents, $3 90(0,4 25: Minnesota clear, $_ 60
(-'3 15: do straits, f__ 3 50: do patents, $3 45
<@1 35; low extras, $'- 3502 90; city mills,
!f4 IC@4 20: do patents. $4 HOgM 50: rye mixture,
82 50&3 30: superfine, $-(a,3 25: line. $2@2 30.
Southern flour dull, sieady; common to fair ex
tra, $_ 40fc3; good to choice do, $343 30. live
flour, steady at $2 65@2 90. Buckwheat flour,
$41*14 15.
Bt CX WHEAT- 40@41 c.
i CORNMEAL—Dull, steady; yellow Western,
$2 _i:r<_2 25: Brandy wine, $2 20.
RYE—Nominal; Western, 46c.
BARLEY— Firm; ungraded Western, 39@41c. .
BARLEY MALT—Quiet; Western. 49@55:.
WHEAT—DuII, easier, with options closing
firmer. No. 2 red, store and elevator, nominal;
Afloat, nominal; f. o. b.,7BV»c; ungraded red, 63
®83c: No. 1 Northern, 75^.
Options advanced 3,_(_> 3/i on firmer cables and
foreign buying, with the West higher and local
shorts covering: declined S/^Cgilc ou local liquida
tion and closed Arm at unchanged prices to s/sc de
cline from yesteidav. July and May most active.
No. 2 red: April, 74-. 4 <-: May, 7214 c; July, 71*40;
July and September, 71 %_; December, 73 l/ 2'
" — Spot dull; firm. No. 2, 40c elevator;
41c afloat.
options were dull and closed firm at *4@%c ad
va:ice, following the West aud better cab>es. -May
and July most active. April, 373 c: Slay,' 36S /8
July, Svy&c: September, 38yic. :: ■-■■■ - y-.-.--."-r.: -*;
OATS— Firm.
Options dull: steady. May, 245/ 6 c. '->;,' s.'L.'
Spot prices: No. 2, 251/^c: No. 2 white, 26V_c:
No. 2 Chicago, 2614 c: No. 3, 24V_c; No. 3 white,
2_y_c: mixed Western, 25@25y 2 c; white do and
while state, 26@29c.
EEED BRA.N-60ta>6214c.
MIDDLINGS— 65<&70c.
RYE— Peed, 66@70c.
Provisions.
BEEF-Quiet. steady. Family, $9 50@11; ex- !
tra mess, *7(£8; beef hams, slow, I*l4 50ft,15:
tlerced beef, steady, dull ; extra India mess. 9lo
ft.ls 30: cut meals, steady; pickled bellies. 12
pounds, 4-- c; shoulders, 4y«{a4%c; hams, 8%
fa9c. j
LARD— Quiet, lower. Western steam, $5 25; j
city, $4 75; May, $5 26. Refined, dull: con
tinent. $5 50; south American. *5 85: compound, j
4*/i@4iA_. .
PURE— Quiet, < Id mess. S9@9 50; new m ss. ;
$10*310 '-'5.
BUTTER — Quiet. state dairy, 9@lb'c; do!
creamery, 12017 c; Western dairy unchanged, 8 ,
@10c; do creamery, 12@15c; do held, 10@14c:
do factory, 8 _ullc; Elgins, 17c; imitation cream- .
cry, ll@l4i/ 2 .-. ■■ ■:■
cheese— demand; State, large, 5*4
©lOUc; do, fancy, 10@10yic; do small. 6@
103,4 c; part skims. 3@7c: full skims. %<&2y_c.
EoGS— Quiet, weaker: State and Pennsylvania,
121 ; southern. loy 2 (<iillc: Western fresh, 11®
!li..c: duck, i9;-,-..1; goose, 35(g,40c.
TALLOW— DuII, steady. City. 3 21-32 c; coun
try, 3 1 /_ft,3S,'»c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Pull, easy. Crude, 2iy 2 @
22c; yellow, prime, 25y_c: do, off grade, 25 1.4(0,
_siocl
RESIN— Firm, quiet. Strained common to good,
$1 BUMI 85.
TURPENTINE— DuII; steady, 28y_@29c.
P< TATuES— DuII and weak.
RlCE— lair demand: firm. Domestic fair to
extra, 3<iSs-ic; Japan, 4@4 l 4c.
MOLASSES— Firm: fairly active. New Orleans
open kettle, good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Steady, 5 points down to 10 up. May, '
$13 10(0,16; June, *12 75: July, $12 35@)2 40;
August, $1190: September. $11 50@11 60; Oc
tober, $11 20: December, $10 90@11 10. Spot Rio
steady, dull: No. 7. 13% C.
SUGAR— Paw, firmer; fair refining, 33,i@4c: cen
trifugals 96 test, 48/gc. Refined firm, fair demand;
off A 4 15-16(S'5y_c: moid A, ls^c: standard A,
3 c: confectioners' A. 53/ 8 c; cut loaf and crushed,
n^/s-; powdered, 6%c; granulated, sy_c; cubes,
5:; 4 c.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
ALMONDS— soft-shell, 7y_@Bc; do paper-shell,
ll@l2c.
APKICOTS— Bags, 8%©12 c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 12<ffil5c: unpeeled, 9 @Bc.
PRUNES— Four si zes. 6 V 4 c.
Three-crown loose Muscatel, 2 @
334 c; do four-crown, 4®sc; do Loudon layers, Bl'@ i
90c: do Clusters. $1 25@1 40.
WALNUTS— standard. ti-~>(£7c; do soft-shell, !
sy.@ioc.
HOPS— Quiet, State common to choice, 2^@Bc;
Paeilic Coast. 2y 2 @.Bc.
WOOL— Quiet, linn; domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled, 15(&33c; Texas, 9@l2c.
Merc hand ise.
PIG IRON— Moderate demand; American. $11
©13 50.
COPPER-Qulet; lake, $10 60@10 75.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic, $3 OS.
TIN-Quiet: straits. $13 25@13 35; plates mod
erately active.
SPELTEK-Dull: domestic, 84 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., April 14.— Wheat behaved Ir
regularly to-day, the changes from strength to
weakness and vice versa being numerous and sud- j
den. Beginning at an advance of V_@%c over j
yesterday's close on ihe strength of Liverpool ;
j cables, it was not long until prices were as much be- ;
i low that point. The offerings which were Instru- j
I mental In effecting the depreciation were scat
tered, but for the most part represented local
I opcrat ons. Within the first hour a complete '
i alteration In the tone and feeling took place and a :
I full recovery was noted. Northwestern receipts
were 458 cars, against 510 last Tuesday and 170 a
year ago. Chicago received 17 cars and Inspected
out 154,500 bushels.
Export clearances were light at 46,268 bushels.
Closing Paris cables were unchanged, Antwerp
partly lower and partly higher and Berlin lower.
The announcement by Bradstreet's of a decrease
in the world's available supply of 3,282.000 •
bushels imparted further firmness to he market, ;
additional advances taking place, but the selling :
became heavy and the inside figures of the session |
were established on the break which followed. i
May wheal opened from 65% cto 65% t- - sold be- j
tween 66c any 6434(g.645.' c, closing at 64 (&66c, j
y 2 <3.5/sc under yesterday. Estimated receipts for ,
to-morrow 10 cars.
CORN— Was quite active early in the session, I
the period of noteworthy animation beini; short, |
however. Better prices ruled at that lime, fol-
I lowed by recessions, which in turn were succeeded i
by rallies. The impulse or motive came from !
wheat. Receipts were 209 cars and 67,630 busheis '
were withdrawn from store. Liverpool cables
were quiet and y^d lower. Export clearances were I
32,189 bushels. Bradstreet's reported a decrease I
in available stocks of 83,000 bushels. The close .
was about steady. May corn opened at 3014c, 501d i
at 3-c, closing at 30yijc, unchanged from yester- |
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 94 cars.
OATS— Did not depart from the usual custom or i
habit of emulating the movements of the more !
Important markets. The average tone was steady, !
and prices did not alter much. Receipts were 235 i
cars. There were no withdrawals from store. An
increase in stocks of 318,000 bushels was given by i
Bradstreet's. Exports of oats were 54,743 bushels. i
May oats closed i 8 c under yesterday. Estimated \
receipts lor to-morrow. 110 cars.
FLaX— Was firm. Cash, 92c; May, 89(ii89Vic; ,
September, 92 1 , 2<5»93i/2C. Receipts were 20 cars. j
VISION — 1 here was a shade less in hog !
prices at the yards this morning, and. of course, !
product duly reflected it by declining to corre- j
spond. Moderate trading took place and short :
terms of real activity were noted, but the session, j
taken as a whole, was nothing more than ordi- '
nary. At the close he feeling was easy, in sym
pathy with wheat. May pork closed unchanged.
.May* lard B(a,7y_c lower, and May ribs 12y a c
lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— ApriI, 64%°! May. 64%@66c; July,
653 c. :■-■ . -.>■
CORN— April, 2954 c: May, 30y' 8 c; July, 311/8-1
September, 328/ B@32yjc8 @32yjc
OATS— 19 ;< ic; July, 20V_c; September,
20»/ 8 c
PURE— May, $8 60; July, $8 80.
LARD— May, $5: July, $5 12y a .
RIBS— May, 45 37%; July, $4 72y 3 .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111, April Trade
in cattle to-day was slow at yesterday's decline.
The arrivals' were moderate and the demand poor.
Receipts of hogs were liberal audi prices ruled
about 6c lower. The demand was only fair. Mod
erate receipts of sheep resulted In a steady market
for that animal. Buyers were not urgent.
CATTLE — Receipts, 2500. laucy beeves,
$4 30@4 45; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 206.4 25: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $3 80ft 3 95; medium steers. 1000
to 1300 pounds. S3 75__3 85: common steers. 950
10 1300 pounds. $3 40-.3 60; choice feeders,
900 to 1150 pounds, $3 50ft>3 85; common to good
stock $- 90ft>3 50: bulls, choice to extra. $2 85@
3 25: bulls, poor to good. $1 76@2 76; cows and
heifers, extra. $3 50@3 85; cows, fair to choice,
$2 40'_,3 40: cows, poor to Kood canners, $1 50@
2 35: veal calves, good to choice, 34 25(0,5;
calves, common to good. $3(g4; Texas fed
steers. $3 16(1^4; Texas bulls, oxen and cows,
$2 25(a,3 25; milkers and springers, per head, $20
@40.
HOGS— Receipts, 21,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 dd@)3 75: common to choice
mixed. S3 75<h-3 90: choice assorted, $3 86fa)4 05;
light, $3 65(j_.4 05; pigs, $3 10&4 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. 11.000. Interior to choice,
$2 75(33 75; lambs, $3 750>4 60.
NEW -ÜBS STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on rail has been easy at 3@3y_v:last loan
at 3% and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile
paner, 3 @0%- Bar silver, 678/gC. Mexican dollars, j
_4:- 4 '055e. cteriing exchange weak, with actual
_u»l_ess in Dangers' bills at $4 87"4@4 88 for 60
days and $4 88y_@4 8834 for demand. Posted
rate«, $4 88<_)4 89. Commercial bills, $4 B_V_@
4 b7i'4. Government bonds higher: State bonds
dull; rauroad bonds strong, silver at the board
was lower.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel* Cable-.. 93 [Norfolk & Wes:... Vi
Atchison- lbV_' Preferred. 65/ 8
Prelerred 24% Northern Paclflo.. ly
Adams _-xpress..-148 ' Preferred 107/
Alton, T.rrellaute. 58 Norinwestern. 10n /g |
American Express.ll3 Preferred 14:,
American Tobacco. 84 N. Y. Central 96y 3
Preferred 98 N. Y. Chicago..-.., ln /2
Bay State Gas ?9 Istpreferred 79
Baltimore Ohio.. 18 /s -d preferred. 3414
Brunswick Lauds.. „ Va N. Y.d_N. H...„.,175
Buffalo. Roch &P. Ji N. V<& New En*. 48
Canada Paclflc 06. N. i . Susq dt W... Bij
Canada Southern,. S«»V_I Preferred 24i,
Canton i---d 60% Ontario lii, 2
Central Paclflo.... 1- ' 4 Ontario & Western. -4 1* 2
. 1 ;>•». A Ohio. _Vs Oregon Improvmt 1 '
Chicago Alton 154 | Preferrea. —
Preferred -70 Oregon Navigation, 2 J
Chicago, B. <fc ti. ... 78 7 /_ Oregon short Line. 3i/ 8
Chicago <£ E. 111... 40V. Pacific Mau 27
Preferred 100 Peoria. D.A Evans. 2- 2
Chlcagouas « 9 Pittsburg & W pfd. la
, Cleve Pittsburg. 1.0 Pullman Palace... 157
Consolidation Coai. hO Quicksilver „ IV^
consolidated Oas.. VY> l ,a -referred. l.>
I C. C.C. --St. Louis. 35.. Readme 12»i
Preferreu 8. RioGrandedtWesta 18
Colo. Fuel _t Iron.. -9 1 Preferred. 45
Preferred 100 'Rock Island 71%
Cotton Oil cert.... 11 ' 1 i'.omeWat dtOgdenil.''
Commercial Cable. 160 St. L. dt S. W 43/ 8
Del. Hudson 12' Preferred. J -IV*
Del.l-wskdtWesternliS 1 /. Bt, Paul 76
1 Denver dt It. -1. ViVa Preferred 125%
Prelerred 47' 2 St. Paul DuluUL. 24
Distillers 1-1,4 Preferred 87
General Electric... 37 :, 4 St. Paul & OmatuL. 3914
trie 14\_ Preferred 122Va
Preferred ;<HV_ St. p. M. dt M. 11l
j Fort Wayne 160 Silver Cemncates.. 67 4
' j GreaiNorthern Southern Paclflc. 19 Va
Green *f% .oumern R. it..... 9v*
! Harlem 29» 1 Preferred. _ 3oy 4
j Hocking Coal 234 feugar Refinery.... 122
Docking Valley... 1 *V_' Preferred. 10.
i Bomesiaits 30 Term. Coal m Iron. 313/.
!H. & Texas Coau. * l /% Preferred lull
Illinois Central.... 9."> .Texas Pacific "" 8
lowa Central B%'Tol.A.A.<fc N.Mi.a.— -
Preferred 37 j'lol. d. Ohio Gen.... 35
Kansas <st Texas.— Hyi' Preferred.... 75
Preferred 27 1 ol.St. Louis dt _C(i bVa
Kingston A Pern... 3 Preferred......... 10
Lake Erie dtWescn 18 : {Union Pacific... . tJVs
Preferred.. 7«ji/ 2 U P.. Den. dt Quit, an,
Laae shore 147 V_| C .S. Cordage. ..„.. 4i/_
National Lead. 25Vil •Preferred......... 93,?
Preferred 8. y 3 | Guaranteed _. 19 i /_
Losglslaaa »'. '. &£.«_>-*--»,•_- 4/u
1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896
Louisville & Nash. 50V41U. S. Leather 8%.
Louisville .N_S 81 Preferred. . 61 vJ
Preferred..... 19 U. S. Rubber -'6
Manhattan Consoi. 1 liy s Preferred. 84
Menipnis & Chans. 15 Lilcad. B. Elver.. 150
Mexican Central... 9%l rt at- -.___. Pao.. 7Vs
Michigan Central.. 85 1 Preferred. l sl
Minn _t S. jl . ! Wells-Fareo. 99
Preferred. — — Western Union.... 84
Minn. & St. L com. 19'y> Wis Centra* 2%,
Ist preterred 7.1 Wheeling <s L. Jfi.. 9V_
Sdpreferreo sisj Preferred.. 3_i^
Missouri Paclfia... 21 « Am Cotton Oil pfd. .9 I .
Mobile A Ohio 22 ' IV U Beef "3/ 4
Nashville Chart.... 68 1 Ann Arbor 9
National Linseed., l'l Preferred 25 1
N.J. central 107y_ Brooklyn Traction. !i.%
North American... &!,,]
CLOSINO BONDS.
l'J-4*. 10. v_; >i X T 2ds .. ... 6814
£0, 4s coupon... lug j Do. 4». .. 81%
08 4s new reg..... 1171/4 I Mutual Union 65... 114
Do, 4s coupon... /8 N J Cent Gen 65. ..118
***• i 95 I Northern Pao lsts. 1143,4
SJ.J" t lai ai Co. 2ds HO-.
•Do. bs c0un0n....113i/„! Do. Sets ... 74*4
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 ' Northwest" Consols^ 1 39 Vi
B°»JSS 10 ° Do, deb Be 108 V.
f°-JSS 8 7 00 !t) K*X lsts 109%
Do. 1899... ..: 100 BlL&lronMtGenss 77 „
Pacific of '95.... BtJ_-_ SF Gen 6s. 107
I', C. 3-6 6s IOXI4 B| i aul Consols ...1-8 .
Ala i*, 9 * A „ 4 106 *<• P.C. &Pa lsts. 1168,4
Do. Class B 4. ss. 10.. Do. Pac Cal lsts.. 107
La Consoi 4s. .. 98 Southern It. R. Os. 9 1 V.
Missouri funding Texas Paeilic firsts M*V_
N Carollnacon 65.. 1 2 _ \ 2 ex as Par seconds. 231.4
_, L °< *« 103 I'nionPac lstof96. lo4'_
Fo Carolina 4y_5...10U ; West Shore 4a. .lOV'i
lenn new sa 86 j Mobile & Ohio Is.. 66
* a funding debt... It UranceWest lsts 743,4,
T/, 0 ' _*8 Ches Jt Oss 108
Do. deferred 65... 6 ; Atchison Is 78%
-Jo. trust rents st 5y 3 Do, 2d a .„ 26
Canada South 2ds.. 104 OH4S A6a 105
S! _?S HR or ' 95 ' 00 I Do. 2d 7s. 100
Lend. R a Ist HHS/,; H A Tex Cent 5,.. 108
»£_..*» 88 . Do.con6s 103*.
K_n._ i,-"A 64% Reading is 79%
Kansas Pa Consols 73*4 Missouri 6s 100
*_ Fa leu divlo9 |
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IK LIVERTOOL.
LI POOL, Eno., April 14.— The spot market
Is firm at 5s 7%d@os BiAd. Cargoes firm at 28s
3d, arrived.
ytTTUIIF.B.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. _ Bed Winter: April,
6s7y_d; May, 5s 7yid ; June, 5s 7V_d; July, 5s
'Via; August, ss73_>l.
SECCBITIKS.
LONDON, Kno.. April 14. — Consols, 1105/8".
silver, 30 13-16 d: Frenei Rentes, — -
EXCHANGE ANO I-ULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 489i' a
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New >ork Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. %> ounce — 673/
Mexican Dollars 64% 65y±
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAIN'S.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are higher and firm at
22s 6d. usual options. The chartered, wheat fleet
In port has a registered tonnage of 17,900, against
28.900 tons on the same date last year. Disen
gaged, 56,117 tons, against 39,600: on the way to
this port, 216,650 tons, against 241,100.
WHEA'I— Both shippers and millers are In
clined to hang back when full figures are asked,
but holders are pretty firm, hence" quotations are
maintained. No. 1, $1 07y 2 @l 10; cuoice,
$1 lli/i: lower grades, $l<ft,lo6V4: extra choice
for milling, $1 16@1 22 V_.
CALL BOARS BALKS.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — December—
300 tons, *1 083 i; 300, $108%. May — 100,
$1 OSV*. Seller, '96, storage nald— loo, $1 06.
Bkgui.ar Miiknino Session— December— 4oo
tons, $1 OBV2.
AFTERNOON Session — December— 500 tons,
$1 083/ . Seller. '96. storage paid— loo, $1 05:< .
BARLEY— Holders will not' sell under full
figures Feed, 68%((2|713>4C -p ctl; choice, 72V_@
7334 c_\ ctl; Brewing, 80<<fc87V_c.
CALI. BOARD SALES.
Informal, Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— Boo tons.
72i
Afternoon Session— May— loo tons, 72i/ic:
200, 7214 c.
OATS— Dealers report business Improved at un
changed quotations. Offerings are not excessive
now. Milling, 75@82i/_c: fancy Feed, 82y (<_
87V_c: good to choice, 75@80c; common to fair,
6"Y_(_-72i/_: Gray, 72y 2 (o,80c; Surprise, 90c(q;$i
f> ci.
CORN— The tendency is upward. Receipts have
been lighter for some time. Large Yellow, 87y 2 @
90c: Small Round do, 97y c@?l; White, 8.(41
871 rt i.
RYE— Continues dull at 77V_@80c ft ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9Scf»ctL
FLOUR AMD MILESTUFFS.
FLOUR— Quotations remain undisturbed. Net
cash prices are as follows: Family extras, $3 75@
8 85; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65; superfine. $2 75
@3 "$ bbi.
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $20@20 60;
Cracked Corn, $21 fl ton.
MII.LSTUFFS-Prlcesln 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c; Rye Flour. 314 c; Rice Flour, 7y 2 c: Corn
meal, 23 + :g,3c; extra cream do, S^c; Oatmeal,
334 c; Oat Groats, 4y 2 c; Hominy, 4@4y-c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 2 c"; Farina
4V_c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Rolled' Oats, 4 V 2 c;
Pearl Barley, 4V_c: Split Peas, 4«4c; Green do!
SV4C -j* »>•
HAY AND FEEHSTUFFS.
BBAN-*14@14 50 3 ton.
MIDDLINGS— *f 9 ton for lower grades
and $18 50(gi19 50 f» ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS *- Rolled Barley, $lri@l6 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 _\ ton; jobbing, $21*
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 V ton.
HAY — Quotations have not changed for a long
time. Wheat, $B^l] 60^ ton: Oat, 88@9; Wheat
and Oat, $H'g,ll; Barley, $7@9: Alfalfa, $7fe9;
Clover, $6,38 50; Compressed, $7@lo 60; Stock,
$6(g,7 1?. ton.
STRAW— 35(g,55c f, bale. Receipts are light.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
BEANS— DuII and unchanged. Kayos, $I@l 10
@ctl; Small Whites, $1 12y 2 @l 50; Pea, $1 10®
$1 40 9 ctl: Large Whites, $I@l 15 fi ctl: Pink !
90c@$l 10; Reds, $1 25; Hlackeye, nominal: Bed
Kidney, $1 75; Llmas, $2 45@2 60; Butters, $1 60
(£l 70.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 60®
2 25 fl ctl; Trieste, '$2(0,2 50; Yellow Mustard
*1 40(a,l 60; .lax, $1 70(0.180; Canary - , '.3.,r ■"
lb; Alfalfa, 7V.@9V_c "p lb; Rape, 2'i/ 2 c _t __•
Hemp, 3y 2 c p lb. v\. . " " '
DRIED PEAS-$1 25@1 40 $ ctl for Niles and
$1 25(<$1 46 for Green. v : .. ■-;
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTA I'OES— market is In fair shape for
I sellers. New Potatoes, 75c@$l; River Burbanks,
25@35c %». sack; Oregon Burbanks, 35@70c 9 ctl •
Oregon Garnet Chiles, 70@8!:c: Early Rose, 30®
40c: Petaluma and Tomales, 40@50c fl sack-
Humboldt Burbanks. 50^i65c %< ctl. '
ONIONS— are practically none In first
hands, and the quotatlo 1 of $2 _\ ctl is nominal
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 831 botes As
paragus and 664 boxes Rhubarb aud 472 sacks
Peas.
Receipts continue to bring very fair prices, and
there Is no accumulation of stock.
Egg Plant, 16c .'. lb; Summer Squash, 10c*
Mexican Tomatoes, $1 50(o)_ 50 9 box; Los An
geles Tomatoes $1 60@2 V- box: Cucumbers, 60c
(o,sl^doz: Asparagus, $I@l 75 fi box for ordi
nary and $.@2 60 for extra; Rhubarb, 36@75c-
Dried Peppers. 10@12y 2 c: Green Peppers 15(0,20c'
Green Peas, 2(0)21/^ > lb; String Beans', -.(oilOc-'
Dried okra, /2 c; Cabbage, 40<- 'p, ctl; Garlic'
6@6c 3 lb; Marrowfat Squash. f( ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY — Although local arrivals are not
large and there is very little Eastern on the mar
ket, still trade is dull and prices are hardly as firm
as they have been. Live Turkeys are quoted at
12i/_@lsc fl lb for Gobblers, 2 @l6c *$'■_. for
Hens; Dressed Turgeys, — 7?. lb; Geese fl pair
$1 25@2: Ducks, $4 50@5 50 ft doz for old and
$7 50(0*8 50 for young: Hens. $4@4 60; Boosters
young, $7 50<&.9: do, old, $4@4 60: Fryers, $-@
6 60; Broilers. $5 50te6 for large and $3@4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50@1 75 for young and $1 60
<&>1 75 for old.
GAME— But little Is being received and prices
are nominal. Hare, 75c@l $ doz; Rabbits $1 26
for Cottontails and $1 fl doz for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The gradual decline continues and
the market is dull and weak with heavy stock.
Creamery — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13y 2 c
f. It*. "
Dairy— Fancy. 12y 2 'i 3 lb; good to choice, 12c
lower grades, ll@liy 2 c.
— Nominal.
CHEESE— Weak at the decline, with increasing
supplies. Fancy mild, new, 9c: common to good,
7(3,8 1 ,.< 2 c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young Amer
ica. 9@loc: Western, 10@llc: Eastern, 12@14c.
EGGS— Incubators are cutting into stocks at
th • farms; hence arrivals are hardly up to the
demand and prices Improve almost daily. The
market is very firm at the advance. Store Eggs
12(ail3c: ranch Eggs, 13@14c; Duck Eggs, 15(u,i6c
doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Reports of serious d.ima^e to Peaches, Apricots
and Cherries are being received from all nearby
districts, and it Is undeniable that the loss is
greater than at first supposed. Apples promise
the heaviest crops and Pears are looking well In
most districts.
APPLES— SI 60@2 fl box for good to choice,
$I@l 25 for common to fair, and $2 25@2 50 for
fancy. y-i ,-■}■:
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 325
chests, selling at $s@B per chest for Longworths
and $3@5 for large berries. y v: :.•;., ; -
CURKANT —Mildew is reported as causing
damage in many places, and the opinion Is grow
ing that the crop will be lighter than at first sup
posed.
CITRUS FRUITS— Common Oranges are weak
er, but choice continue steady. Lemons are weak
and dull. . Limes are firm. Oranges, 60c@$l 75
for Seedlings, $2 25«_3 50 for Navels and $'.@3 for
Malta Bloods; Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common
ands_<g)2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
$5 60(56: California Limes, $1; Bananas, fl@2
V _._*«_.•; Pui-a^yi ara nominai
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Reports received yesterday say that Prunes are
dropping badly In several prominent districts, and
that the crop is steadily growing smaller. •
Tip- market for all kin continues flat.
DRIED FRUITS-The following nominal prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, iy_@2y_c • * for quar
tered, 2@3c _\ lb for sliced and 4i.iC IS lb for evap
orated; Peaches, 3i^(a4c %i lb and sy_@6c for
fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c: Apricots, 7 V2@S /7<'
for prime to choice. 9iA_ for fancy and 10ft>llc $
Id for fancy Moorpark: Pius, black, 2-' ? c tor v.
-pressed; White Mas, 4&5 cm sacks: Pears 7c $
lb for evaporated halves, 4(s6i^c 'i* lb for quarters;
Prunes, 3i4@3i^c: Plums, 4c %* lb for pitted and
1 V2'_i'- a /2R for unpltted: N. ctariues, 6(abc f* IL for
prime to choice and 6' „c for fancy.
'_. Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Apples. 4(??4i/2
--•p tb; sun-dried, l%@2c'iS lb: Peaches, 3(a,4c 'p. lb
and Oc _% lb far fancy; peeled in boxes, 10(aii2V_c;
Prunes, 4c for four sizes, 6c for _oft)so's and 5c
, or 50ft^60's: Apricots 6f<s9'.c for prime to choice,
JO@ll C for fancy Moorpark: Pigs, black, 2Vi@
2%c; White Pigs, 3@.'.c: Pears, 6V2<-' for evapoi
ated halves and 3<&syio for quarters; Plums,
3y B @4c for pitted and l(<_l 1 for unDitted; Nec
tarines. 4@,', c a lb for prime to choice.
RAISINB.AND DRIED PES- Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
I. lon layers, 85@90c 'ji box: four-crown, loose,
° Ac V- tb; three-crown, loose, 2' 4 e .* lb: two
crown. 2c; seedless Sultanas, 3%@4c: seedless
Muscatels, 2y.,ft)2»ic: three-crown ..<>ndou layers,
75@<J0c; cinders.' *1 35@1 50; Dehesa clusters,
*2 10@-_ 25; Imperial clusters, f2 fc'o@2 75; Dried
Grapes, 21/2 C%4 lb.
Jobbing Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c: 3
crown^i.ifgi'-Vac: '.-crown, l%@2c. Seedless su -
tanas, 33. 4 (i4 c . Seedless Muscaiels, 2_4c; 3-trown
Ixindoti laers, 75@)90c: clusters, fl 40@1 60:
Dehesa clusters, ?2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 6@Bc _^ lb;
Walnuts, B@loc for No. 1 hard and 10(_,i2c for pa
per, jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7ygC for Languedoc
and 2 @loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, s(a)
6c for Eastern and 3V_@4iAC for California: lilck
ory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, DC for rough and He for
polished; Filberts, B@.9c: Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc ©
lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 'fi 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c%« lb for
bright and Bfts9c %i lb for lower grades: water
white extracted. 6<o.;>i.4> ■ ¥ lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4_43»484c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX-21(a27c f) It..
PROVISIONS.
Hams are firm. Bacon is weak. Lard is quoted
lower. No change In barreled goods.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c Vlb for heavy. 7c _*
lb for light medium, 9c "§ lb for light, 10c for extra
light and 12c f>. lb for sugar-cured : Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, ll'/jjc; California Hams. 10c _\ lb;
Mess Beef. $8^ bbi; extra mess do, $850; fam
ily do, $10; extra prime Pork. .$9 t< bbi; extra
clear. $14 fl bbi: mess, $13 _• bbi; Smoked Beef,
10c ¥ lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 6V4c lb
for compound and 6%c for pure: pails. 7y 2 c: Cali
fornia tierces. sy_c for compound and oV2'' for
i": re; half-bbls, 7c: 10-lb tins, 7i, -c; do 5-lb, 8c
%i lb. .
COTTOLENE— 634 cln tierces and 75/jjc '$ lb in
10-tti tins. '*
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Continue dull and weak.
Heavy salted steers, 6y_@7c; culls and brands,
sy2@6c; medium, sV_@6c; culls and brands, 4y_
@sc: light. sc; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5c
'r lb; culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 5c ift lb;
salted Calf. 8c %l lb; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 9
(gilOc; culls and brands, 7\_.'-'' dry Kip and Veal,
B@9c; culls. 6 V_o: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goat
skins, 20@35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good
I summer, 2fi@Boc; medium, 15fa)"6c; winter, 10c;
! Sheepskins, shearlings, 10fel5c each; short wool.
20@35ceach; medium, 40('<ji50c each; long woo, s,
65n each. Culls of all kinds about -Ac less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3%@4c; No. 2, 3c:
refined, 51,4@6%c; Grease. 21 2 c '** lb.
WOOL— i. astern buyers have not yet appeared
I in their usual force and the market continues very
dull and weak at the low prices. We quote Spring:
Nevada. 7@9c; San Joaquin and Southern Coast, 6
months, 4(oj6c "_ lb; San Joaquin, foothill, good to
choice, 7teßc; san Joaquin, year's fleece, 4^2
@6y 2 c.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2foJlc 'f> lb.
Offers to sell good Hops at 2y 2 c meet with no re
spouses from buyers.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— bans nre V 2 c higher. Calcutta
Grain Bags, June-July delivery, .?4 25; San Quen
tin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y 2 @26y 2 c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 $ ton: New Wellington,
$8 •£ ton: Southfield Wellington, $7 50 "fi ton;
Seattle. $5@5 50; Bryant, $5 50; Coos Hay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $6 60; Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo. $7 50:
Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, : Cunnel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and $12 50 V ton In sacks.
CANNED FRUlT— Apricots are quotable at $1
icl 05 _< dozen; Peaches. $1 10(Sil 30; Pears,
$1 25@1 35 _>. dozen: Plums. 90c@$l.
CANNED VEGETABLES —Tomatoes, 70©
7.' jc p dozen; Peas, 95c@$l 05 .* dozen.
Ci iFFEK— Continues quiet. We quote:
Costa Rica— 18 3 ,i(ijj2iic. for good io prime: 18®
18i. _c for good mixed with black beans; 16V_@
17 1 ,2 < " nom. for fair; 13@16c for common to ordi
nary.
Salvador— l7y~(g.lßV_c for fair to good washed;
19y_@20c for good washed peaberrv; 17@17J4cfor
superior unwashed; 16% C for good green un-
ashed: 19c for good un washed neaberry.
(li'AIKMAU AND MKXICAN— 2O®2Os 4 c 'i? 11) for
prime to strictly prime washed; 19ft/19%c for
good to strictly good washed; 17y 2 (AlBV_c for fair
washed; 16@17c for medium; 14@15y_c for ordi
nary; 12@lJc for Inferior to common; 2<ite2o /
for good to prime washed peab.-rry; 19c for good
unwashed peaberry.
ITSH— l'acltic Cod, catch of 1895: 100- lb cases
quotable at 6c '$ 11.: 50-lb bundles, 5c .1 lb: Silver
King Strips.' 8c _\ lb; arrow-Gauge do, 7c > It;
Tablets, 8c <$ lb: Seabrigbt Block-, 7y 2 c: Pacific
Herring, 18c 't» box: Dutch do, $I@l 25 %i -eg;
White lis!), $1 50 in half-bbls and $1 75 In kits:
Tongues and Sounds. $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1, j
$30; No. 2. $26; No. 3. $24: half-bbls— No. 1,
$12 50: No. 2, $11: No. 3, 810; kits. No. 1, $2;
No. 2, $1 60: No. 3, $1 50.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at V 36&88
H* flask.
OIL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c;
bbls. 00c fi gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bbls, boiled, 50c; do raw, 48c: cases. re
more; Lard Oil, extra winter-strained, bbls. 61c;
No. 1, 51c; cases 6c higher; China Nut, 39@47c %>.
gal. ...--.;
PETROLEUM— EIaine Is quotable at 24y c %*.
pal; Eocene, 2iy 2 c^eal; Headlight, 176", cases,
2l'-_c; .--lar. 19y->c; extra Star, in cases. 28\§C;
Astral, 19y 2 c; Pearl, 19V_ C I Standard, lib" lire
test. 171/2 C f*. gal in cases, 18c faucets and 13y 2 c
in hulk; Water-white, refined, In bulk, 14y_c; Min
eral Seal, hulk. 19c; wood bbls, 21 'oC: cases, 24c
V pal; Mineral Sperm, bulk, 20c" wood bbls,
22V 2 c: cases. 25c V gal.
GASOLINE AND BENZINE— CM* Gasoline- in I
bulk, 20c; case <, 25c; Deodorized Move Gasoline,
bulk, 15i/ic: cases, 20y_c: 63° Deoderized Beu
rine. bulk, 14y c; cases, I9y_e.
WHITE LEAD— at U'ic ? lb.
RED LEAD— Quotable at fly a c ?. lb.
TURPENTINE— 47c _\ gal.
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 6s, 16 oz, lOVic;
do, 14 oz. 9y 2 c; do, 12 oz. S^ic; do, 10 oz, 81 ,<•;
Electric Light Candles, 6s. 16 oz, 8»4c; do, 14 oz,
8c: do 12 oz. 7y 2 c; do. 10 oz, 6-'s4c: fa-afiSne Wax
Candles, white, is, _s. 4s, 6s and 12s, 14 oz, 9 : % c;
assorted colors, same sizes. IOI4C.
LEATHER— Extra heavy sole is quotable nt
2H(i'2Bc f». %1 ; heavy Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c
for Na 2; medium" Sole, 24@2Gc for No. 1 and
22c t* lb for No. 2; Light sol*. 23@24c for No.
1, and 21@2_c lb for No. 2; Him heavy, 3Uft)
35c; do, medium, 28c: do, light, 24(g)25c; Rough
Leather, 18(Jt20c; Kips, $10@45 %4 doz; Calf,
70ft)90c; Rough splits, 4@sc.
si (JAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
ouotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6Vic; Dry Granulated. 3<%c;
Coulectioneis' A,5y 2 c; .Magnolia A, sc: Extra C,
4y 8 c; Golden C, 43,4 c. half-barrels, Vie more than
barrels, and boxes y_ c more. » ;
SYRUP— Golden, In bbls, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
¥ gal.
WOOD, LUMBER, TIES, ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each: . Redwood, $5 _\ cord; Oak,
rough, 86 60; peeled, $9: Pine, $5 75; Railroad
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xß, 4lc for 7xß and 45t050c
for 7x9.
TANBA RK— $» cor.l.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough, $1 3@
$17 50 for the dlft'e rem lengths: No. 2, $11 ; No. 1
Flooring, $21@26; Lath, $2: Redwood, $16 for
No. 1 andsl3 ior No. 2; Rustic, slß@23; Shingles,
common, $1 60 ; Shakes, 59 %< M.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET
Hogs have again declined. No change in the
other descriptions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from the
slaughterers are as follows:
Ri.EP— quality, 5y 2 c; second do, 4y_@sc;
third do, 3V2(£4c '•_*. lb. "> .
VEAL— Large, s@6c; small, 6@7c "$ lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6c; Ewes. sV_c fl lb.
LAMB— spring Lamb. 7c f% lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3. •>»(<». *•*/_<' fl lb for large and
3%@4c for small and medium: dressed do, 6y_@
6c * lb. ______
RECEIPTS OF" PRODUCE.
fob 24 nouns.
Flour, or. sks 10,781 Cheese, cils 100
Wheat, ctls 1.050 Eggs, doz .24,870
Barley, ctls 7,605 Leather, rolls 115
Oats, ctls 200 Hides, n0.......... 655
Oregon 666 Pelts, bdls.. _, 340
Corn, ctls 1,606 Wool, bis i 82 1
Beans, sks. .458 Wine, gas 111,300
Potatoes, sks. • 3,20.'. 'Brandy, gals. •.. 2,000
Oregon- 428 Tallow, ctls .3
Onion., m „ 03 Lime, bbls 120
Hay, ions. 270 Lumber. M feet... 10
Straw, ions 10 Quicksilver, flask* HO
Bran, (ics 1,795 Mustard Seed, sks 160
Middlings, 5k5..... 490 Paper, reams...... 6.270
Butter, ctls 626
THE STOCK MAEKET.
The market was off yesterday. . especially at the
close, Ophir declining to 85 cents. Occidental to 90
cents ami the other slocks In proportion. There
was some selling at the decline.
In the Chollar mine jln the south . stope one 450
level they are preparing to raise on the streak of
ore reported last week and are assorting the ore
fillings, which are of fair grade. On the sixth and
seventh floors of the stope above No. 2 crosscut on
this level they are opening out in new ground east
of the old stope on streaks of ore and are assorting
the old liU. They are also preparing to raise from
the seventh floor on some small streaks of pay.
They have shipped to the Nevada mill for reduc
tion during th*' past week 56 tons of ore, the aver
age battery sample of v h'ch. with that previously
extracted, was $22 46 per ton.
. In th*' Potod mine repairs continue to be made
on the 450 and 650 levels. On the. tunnel level at
a point 331 feet In from the switch in the south
east drift they are runnlngasoutheast drift through
the old stope to prospect the ground above and
west of it.
The official report from the Hale <fc Norcross
mine for the week ending April 10 says: Oper
ations were resumed In the mine on Wednesday,
the Bth ins!., with four men, who completed the re
pairs in he shaft in a few hours. This force was
increased to ten men on Thursday, and they hive
been repairing the shaft station and 975" level,
which work will not be entirely finished ior several
days. The work. of extracting ore. from the 975
level will begin one day later than expected,
that is to-morrow. April 12, and also prospecting
on the 1100 level on the same date.
The following oilicial dispatch was received yes
terday from Virginia City : The Dazet mill at Sil
ver City, under control of the company, com
menced crushing Hale *fc norcross ore this morn
ing. The ore is hauled by teams from the mine to
the mill for 80 cents per ton. . ,.,••,
The Bank of California has declared a quarterly
dividend of S3 per share, payable to-day.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 15 cents per share,
payable April 20.
The ' on. California and Virginia Mining Com
pany has an ectual cash balance on hand, with all
bills for the previous month paid, of about $30,000,
with the assessment of 30 cents per share on about
12.000 shares, advertised as delinquent, to be col
lected, and an accumulation of good ore soon to be
crushed.
a late report from the Savanah mine of Grub
Gulch says; The work at the mine Is progressing
very well. Shaft 1 Is coming into quartz of a
very good quality and the prospects are that we
will soon be In a large body of good ore, but sink
ing the shaft is slow work and lt will be some days
before we can tell about the extent of this body of
ore. In the south level, shaft 1, we have struck
ore of a high grade and it is Improving as we go In.
The ore prospects well in free gold and carries a
large percentage of sulphurets- We have now run
about fifteen feet in this and it shows up well In
the face of the drift. We are running a tunnel on
the ledge at the base of the hill at the Wide
Awake. The outlook is extremely encouraging.
We are going on the ledge with stringers of quartz
coming in. The appearances indicate that we will
not hay • to run very far before coming to the
quartz. This tunnel if nrosecuted will soon afford
a plentiful subply of ore to keep the mill running
continuously and make the mine a regular divl
d end-paying mine. From present appearances the
mine should be placed on a dividend-paying basis
inside of ninety days at an expenditure of from
$5000 to $6000.
Assessments Pending.
Following is a list of assessments now pending:
! In the
i Board.
Sale Day.
■elcher 62; 25. Apr 3 .April 28
on. Cal. &Va 6 30. Apr 4. April SI
odle Con 19i 16. Apr 7j.May 4
c,'. Belcher 17| 10 1 . AprlO .May 4
Phir 68 25i.Aprl7i.May 11
nllion 47| 10i.Aprl8.Mny 14
ouul Jt Curry 78; 16 . Aur.T. .May 20
hallenije 21 ()5.Apr27 .May 20
alMionla. 40 03 May a .May 27
rown Point 67 20May 3. May 26
cciileutiil 22 10: May S.May 28
tah 2.' O.ilMay 4 .May 27
Ipha 16 06May 7
otosi 45 201Mayl0i.June 4
BOARD SALES. '
Following were the sale, in the San Frtnolsoo
Siock Board yesterday:
BEOI'LAR MORNINO SESSION COMMENCING 9:30.
900 Ande5. .. .27,100 CCAV.. 1.65 Potosl 25
100 8e1cner...41200 Crwn P....31 300 Savage. ...27
300 401700 OA C 20 100 Seg 8e1... 13
200 B A 15....47 100 Justice. ...o32oo S Nev.. ..67
1000 Bullion. 300 0ccid.....9_ 400 56
200 Bui wer... 2ll loo 9150*) Union 47
300 Ch011ar ....36300 0phir. ....95 200 48
50 .1.601100 Ovrmn.. 100 V Jackt...3_
AFTERNOON SESSION— :30.
100 Alta 08 550 O A C 20,500 0ccidt1....94
700 8e1cner... 39,200 HAN . ..1.201300 Ophir 88
100 B A 8... .461260 Mexican.. 32|lOO 0vrmn.. ..08
100 Ch01iar. ...36 200 31200 Potosl 23
600 CC&V...1.601 10 25:300 Savage 27
15 1.65 100 Mono 11100 Union ...47
60 Conn 71 1000 Occidtl. 951
Following were tne sales in the Paclfl. Stooic
Board yesterday:
BKOtH-AR session— lo:3o.
600 Alpha 06,300 CCV..1.57 1 0ccidt1... .90
400 Alia 07; 100 Court 70 200 Ophir 95
200 Ande5. .. .26:100 C Imp 01 100 93
300 25100 02800 90
200 24 300 Crwn Pt.,.32 300 0vrmn.... 09
240 Belcher... 39 400 30 400 Poiost 25
200 BAB 48 1200 O A C... 20 600 Savage... .27
600 46400 HAN1. 22% 200 28
100 Bodie 35 1000 Justice. .03 1000 Scorplono3
1000 8u11i0n. .02500 KeniucK..o3;4oU SBAM.I2I/.
500 Caleda 03 .00 L Wash.. .031300 13
300 Cha11n_...22 60d Mexican.. 36 200 - Nev 67
600 Ch011ar... 36 500 32 ,400 65
900 351200 Occld 93 500 Union C...47
300 341600 92 000 Utah..
900CCiV....1 . 300 9 400 V Jacket. .3l
800 ..........LbO'
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
200 Alnha 200 Chollar . ..36 300 0ccidt1... .91
300 Alta <>H 150 CCaV 1.671-.. 200 90
200 07 250 Conn 200 Ophir 89 |
200 Andes. 21 300 C Imp 01500 Ovrmn. ...09 I
300 25300 02300 Potosl 26 I
200 8e1cher.... 39 300 C P0int....30|30U 23
300 P.A B 461200 A C 20 5110 Savage... 2*
3000 8u11i0n. .02 700HAN 1.22%|300 27
100 8u1wer....21300 Mexican.. 200 SB AM.. .13
300 Caleda....o.V_oo Mono 11400 B Nev 55
300 Cballnge~22|lloo Occd 9 '300 Union ....46
500 Ch011ar.. .34 200 961000 Utah ...04
200 35600 92400 YJac_iei..3o
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 14 -4 p. k.
_?.*._■)«*«( I Bil.Aikad.
Alpha Con 06 07 Jackson. 40 —
Alia 07 09 Julia. 04 06
Andes... 25 26 Justice _ 02 04
I Belcher 38 40 KentucK. _ — 04
I Best A Belcher. 45 46 I.ady Wash.... — 06
Bodie 37 39 Mexican 30 31
Bullion ....... 02 03 Mono 11 —
Bulwer _ 20 — | Nevada Queen. — 05
1 Caledonia 03 06 Occidental 90 91
; Challenge Con. 22 23 Ophir 85 86
Chollar 33 34 overman ... — 09
Con. Cal. A Va. 1-55 1.60 lotos* . 22 23
Con. Imperial. 01 02|havvre 26 28
Confidence — 70 .eg. Belcher... 12 13
Con. New Yoric — 01 Merra Nevada, 65 66
' Crown Point... 29 30; 5c0rpi0n....... 03 05
; EastSierraNa* — 04|Pllver Hi 11..... — 02
■ Exchequer. .... 03 04 Syndicate...... 01 02
Eureka C0n.... — 25_iiionCou 46 ' 47
I Gould __Curry. 18 20 I tab 04 05
, Bale *_. N.i.ri. 1.26; Velio Jacket. 29 30
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
500 Amalie . 185 100 Lockwood Con 31
Champion '300 32
Bid 15 50 3200 28
i 1500 Grant. 28 Providence
I 1000 26 Asked 85 00
900.... 27 600 Savannah 39
Kennedy 000... 40
Bid 00 200 41
Keystone 11100 42
! Bid. 55 400 Thorpe 86
800 Lockwood Con.. 29100 „ 85
j 1500 30,
LOCAL SECURITIES.
■ Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESUAV, _prll 14 2p. it.
.' - rylT. 1" STATICS Bosoi
V'l'l Bid. AskedA Bid, Asked.
V B4scoup..lot«3/ 8 _ C B4S reg... 1083/ 8 —
J Do, new 15... 116 —• '. lj> -.V: ■-.'■-.
mis* i.i.ankoos novin
I Cal-5tCb1e55. 1113,4113 Do. 2d Iss fis. — —
I C«lElecL6s.llO .— jIA ORy 6s. 105 130
CntraCWSs. 92y 3 94y ' PACh Rv6s. - 107%
1 Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.BRGj. - 116%
I EdsnLAP 63.112 - Reno. WLAL. — 105
F&CHRRds. — 105y 3 RlverW Co6s — 100
Oearv-stßss. 100y 2 -. SactoF A L..100 1023/
I LosAuel,6a. - 103 'SFANPRRSsIO2 —
1 Do,Gnted.6s. - 103 !bPRRArI_6s 94 95
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - SPRRCaISs.. —
DoßvConSs.. 1063 107 iSP.'.R Caias.. - — >
NevCNgß7s. 991/4 99% S-'BrßCal6_. 971..0)
l-.FC886a.106 — SVWater6s.. — t'.O 1 .
WBy Cal 6«. 101 104% SVWalerts.- 993* 99%
; NRyCalss. — - i*tkinGAE6i — loo 1 /.
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104% _unstTAT__.loo —
Do, 2d las ss. 103 — Sutter-stRS_.HO —
Omnibus 1183 i — VisallaWC6s — M
PacßoilMUs.. — — I
> .... , WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 37 | Pan Jose 75 100
Marin C 0.... 4a - IsprlngValley 100y 100%
',' t C t.fy STOCK *.
Capital....... — 59% Pacific Light. 44 46.
Central 95 — isan francsco 83% —
Oak LA EL 523/ i — j Stockton..... — 21%
Pac Gas Imp. 823/ 8 02%! .Y A -lyY; :
i -.ova _k stocks.
FlremansFd. 170 — |Sun 41 —
COMMERCIAL. HANK STOCK*.
AmerBATG. — — ILondonPAA.l2B —
j Anglo-Cal ... — 60 |LondonAS_. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. 238 240 ,Merch Ex.... 12 ', —
CaISDATCo.. - 673,- Nevada — . —
PlrstNatlonl. 178 1 82%; feather B Co- - —
Grangers — — — I
; RA'.INOS BANK STiICKI
GerSALCo.,I4OO — lPav_.l-.an.. — 101
j HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security...... - 260
: Mutual 37 '/a 40 Union Trust. — 815
j KFSavUnion — 490 |
:.. STREET KAII.ROAn "STOCK*.
i California.... 110 — ;Oak,SLAHay — 100
j Geary-st 60 71% Presidio — 9
Market-5t.... 46% 47Va'Sutter-st — '.— "-.'■
M>W IX KTO-K*.
j Atlantic D... 161/4 16y 3 Judson _. — —
California.... — 98 iVigonu — 1
Giant. 18y 3 19 '
"i-*f.. : i-.V._'; 'yY mm au-UT-M-in stocks.
Alaska Piers. 90 95 lOceanlcSSCO 24% 24«, i
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — , — Pac Borax... 98 100
Drv Dock. —.' — Pac IAN Co. — 30
Edison Light 106y 3 109 Pac Roll MIU 29% 42%
GasCon Assn. — — ParfPaintCo. 6 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTransCo. — 24
j HawCASCo- 19V_ 20 PacTATCo «4% —
j HutchSPCa. 20 201/4 hunsetTAT.. 41 —
i JudsonMfgC. — — lUnltedCCo.. — 25
Ex Assn 100 . 110 I
MORNIV3 KESsmv ;
Board— s Paclflc Gas Imp, 82S/ : 6 do, 82%: 6 S
F Gaslight, 84: 50 8 V Water, 100y ; $5000 S F
& N P Ballway Bonds, 102.
Street— s s V Water, 100%; $3000 8 P of A
Bonds, 9334; $10,000 S i'-.Nf Bail way Bonds,
H». , . yyyyy y-yy ,;.'-'■ >:•;.,
.'-"'.-■■ -...•■
AFTKRVoos- -KSS'OV.
Board— 6o Hawaiian Commercial, 19%: 90 dak- I
land Gas, 63: 40 Oceanic B 8 Co, 24 V.: 10 Pacific |
Gas Imp, 82%: 91000 s V 4% Bonds, 99%.
Street— Ml Californla-st It R. 110; 10 Oceanic S
8 Co, 24; 100 do. 24 V_; 50 S V Water. 100'
They Were Needed.
A newspaper woman, who sends society
letters from Washington to one of the
Philadelphia papers, is going about telling
this story on a certain Senator, whose
princely entertainments are famous the
country over. She went to his house one
night on the occasion of a big reception.
The first person she saw was the host him
self. He asked her errand courteously.
"I came to get the ladies' gowns," said ,
she.
The Senator glanced into the great ;
drawing-room at the dazzle and gleam of j
bare shoulders.
"Don't you think they need all they
have?" said he.— Washington Post.
* — ♦ — • ■
THE CALL CALEXDAB.
April, 1896. j
Su.
Mo. Tu..W. Th.
1 2
__ — —— — .
B 7 8 9
I ,
13 14 16 16
20 21 22 23
27 28 i 29 30
Jr. Ba.
3 *
10 i 11
jl7 18
24 25
/J'M.aat Quart'
-is/ April
a New Moon.
W April 12
/-"?\ First Qua
\Js April
\iZ2\ full Moon.
VS? April 27.
OCEAN stp;a->-----...
Dates of Departure Prom San Prancl«eo.
STKAMICR. | IIIISTI.VATION | SAILS. . PIER. j
Acapulco....
*'»co
P0m0na.....
Corona
Weeoii
Sunot „
Homer
Rio Janeiro.
>arahon )
A ream
Eur«k» ....
Del iS one ..
A. Blanch am
City of Para
Queen
CltyPuebla_
Santa Kuia..
«st Pani
Biale of Cai
| Panama. ;
; Coos iJar I
liumboliUßay
Can JJieio
Eel Kiver
Grays Harbor.
Coos Bay j
China & Japan j
I \ aaulna Bay.. :
Coos Bay
NewDort '
Orays Harbor. '
, Portland
Panama !
Portland I
Vie A Put Bnn !
San Diego i
Newport
Portland. „
Apr 15,12 M
A|.r 1...10 AW
Apr 15. vtru
Apr 15.11 am
Apr 15. Hah
Apr 16. 12m
|Apri6. Itm
| Apr 16, 3ph
I Apr 16. 9am
JAnr 17.10au
I Apr 17. 9am
! Apr 17. l.M
Apr IK. la m
Apr 1», 12 M
I Apr 18.10 am
1 Apr 19. 9am
i Apr 19.11 am
ADr2l. :■*•.!
Apr 23.10 am
P.MSS
Tier IS
Pier 9
; Pier 11
! Pier 13
i Pier 2
[Oceanic
1 1" MS S
Pier 2
( Pier 24
j Pier 11
\ Pier 13
PM H S
I Pier 24
i Pier 9
■< Pier 1 1
iPier 11
STEAMEKH TO AKKIVE.
STEAMER j FROM j DUI
KureKaV.V".""
City of PueDla..
Queen
South Coast
North i'oTU
Del None
San Mateo
Allceßlancnanl
Mackinaw
e&ntaKosa.
Gaelic
Wellington
Ban Jose
Pomona.
St Paul
VVeeotl
Zealaodla
Crescent City. ..
Walla Wa11a....
State of Cal
Corona
Araeo
Farallon
Australia.
Coos nay
Newport
Victoria <&fURet Hound
Portland
Portland
Humboidt Bay
Grays HarDor
Comoi
j Portland
1 aroma .
ban Dieeo
China and Japan
Departure Bay
Panama
Hum bold; Bay
Newport
Eel Kiver
{Panama
Crescent City-
| Victoria <&: Puget Mound
! Portland
San Diego
Coos 8ay......
I Yaoulna Bay
I Honolulu
i ..Apr 15
. . Apr 15
..Apr 16
..Apr 15
..Apr 15
..Apr lft
..Apr 15
..Aur 15
..Apr 18
..Apr 16
..Apr 17
..Apr 17
..Apr 18
..Apr 18
..Apr 18
..Apr 19
..Apr 19
..Apr 19
..Apr 20
..Apr 20
. Apr 20
..Apr "Jl
..Apr 21
..Apr 22
. . Apr '22
; SUN. MOON ANO TXOE.
U. S. Coast and Geodetic Shrvey Tide")
Bri,T.ETIN- Published by Official >-
AUTHORITY of the Superintendent. )
• Wednesday, April 15.
Sun rises 5.33! .Moon rises
Sunsets 6.47 [Moon sets 9.38 pm
April— 1890.
> I Time
Eli! W
FeetlliH Fe«t.i T ' me j Feet
L W| |h w|
I Time
|l w
15 0.02 5.0 7.0*!' 0.0 2.17 3.4 6.80 1.9
16 0.27 6.1 1 7.48 -0.1 1 3.20 3.0 7.10 2.2
17 0.65 6.1 j 8.34 —0.2 4.28 3.0, 7.56 2.5
18 1.84 6.1 8.28 -0.3 6.37 3.4 9.02 2.7
19 2.30 5.0 10.27—0.4 6.31 3.2 10.25 2.7
20 3.51 4.8 11.28-0.4 7.16 3.4 11.54 2.8
21 6.34 6.0 12 27— 0.4[ 7.54 3.8
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day ln the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
J column Rives the Ktcond tide of the day, the third
I time column the third tide, and the last or right
I hand column cives the last tide of the day, except
| when there are but three tides, as sometimes
j occurs. The heights given are additions to the
I soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minns sign (-2) precedes the
I height, and then the number given is subtractlve
■ from the depth given by 'he charts
UYDBOGBAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch lIYnBooRAPHicOFPicB, U. 3. N. -^
Merchants' Excftavok. >
San 1' ha. v. i April 14. 189*. )
The time ball on Telegrapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120tn
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m.. Greenwich time.
A F. Fkchtelbk.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
Miil'i I.VU INTP.LLItiENOK.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, April 14.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 62 hours from
Newport: ballast, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Arago. Reed. 40 hours from Coos Bay ; pass
and mdse. to Oregon Coal and Nov Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 16 1 hours from Eureka;
pas"* and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson, 14 hours from Green
wood: lumber, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, • 19 hours from TJsal;
230 Mft lumber, to Usal Lumber Co.
Bki North Bend, Wallace, 51/2 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Bktn Gardiner City, Masters, 7 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Bktn Gleaner, Davis, 7 days from Columbia
River: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Bktn Portland, Dermot, 8 days from Tacoma;
600 M ft lumber, to Byxbefl & Clar*..
Schr Jennie Thelln, Hansen, 64 hours from Eu
reka 186 M ft lumber, to. San Francisco Lumber Co.
Schr Carrier Dove, Brandt. 1 9 days from Hon
olulu; sugar, to J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Fortuna, Ros-Cb, 72 hours from Eureka;
185 Mft lumber, to McKay & Co. .
Schr Jessie Minor, Whitney. 3 days from Eu
reka: 310 M ft lumber, to J R Hanifv.
Schr ("has tl Wilson, Johnson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor: lumber, to Wilson Bros & Co.
Schr Elvenla, Johnson, 3 days from Eu
reka; 160 M ft lumber, to J C Hawley.
Schr Glentlale, Johnson, 9 days from Seattle:
408 telegraph poles, 256 M ft lumber, to J H
Baxter. ■ *
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing: 78 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Arthur I, Krog, 48 hours from Eureka;
shingles and shakes, to Chas .Nelson.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Arf, 5-.i days from Port
land: lumber, to By x bee & Clark". Oakland direct.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, 45 hours from Eu
reka; lumber and shingles, to Chas Nelson.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, April 14.
Br ship Buteshire, Swlnton, Hull; Eppinger A
Co.
Br ship Celtic Race, Owen,' Tacoma; Williams, i
Crown -I Co
Br ship Samaritan, Perry, Queenstown; Balfour, I
Guthrie & Co.
Bark Oregon, Park, Nanalmo; John Rosenf eld's
Pons.
Bark Alden Besse. Potter, Honolulu; J D Spreck- j
els A Bros Co.
Bark Chas B Kenney, Anderson, Bristol Bay: i
Alaska Packers' Assn.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, April 14. '
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. : ',.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Astoria.
Stmr Crescent City. Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Umatilla, Hunter. Victoria and Port Town
send. . . .;-<l\ yy
Brstmr Progressist. Pinkbam. Nanalmo.
Ship Louisiana, Halerow, Bristol Bay.
Bark Harry Morse, Lane, Bristol Bay.
Bark Oregon. Parker, Nanalmo.
Bark Alden Besse. Potter, Honolulu.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson. Iversens Landing.
Schr Prosper. Sehroeder. Thin Point.
Schr Etta B. Madsen. Port Hoss.
Schr Emma and Louise. Nelson, Cooks Inlet.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
le.ojruiniin.
POINT LOBOS. Aoril 14-10 p. -Weather
cloudy, wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
Ciiar «-< .
The ships Columbia and Glory of the Seas load
coal at Departure Bay for this port. Bark Oregon,
coal at Nanalmo for this port. Br bark Lodore.
lumber on the Sound for Buenos Ayres, 46s 3d.
Domes • Ports.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 14-Stmr Mackinaw, fm :
Tacoma for San Francisco: Chil bark Antoinette,
from Iquiaue for Port Blakelev.
PORT ANGELES— In bay Apr 14- Br ship Ar
ranmore. from Santa Rosalia.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 14-Stmr Alice. Blanch
ard. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 14— Stmr South Coast,
from Portland; stmr Farallon, from Yaqulna Bay.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Apr 14— Schr Ar- |
chic and Fontle, hence Apr 11.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Apr 14-Schr Rio ;
Rev, for San Francisco.
REDONDO- Arrived Apr 14— Stmr Laguna, frm i
Usal.
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr 13— Bark Rufus E
Wood, hence Apr 5.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Apr 14-Schr Pros
per. .
ALBlON— Sailed Apr 14— Schr Bessie K. for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Apr 14— Schr Peerless, from
San Pedro.
USAL— Sailed Apr 14— Stmr Newsboy, for San
, Fraucitc*
Ei'tern Port*.
NKW YORK— Arrived Apr 13-Stmr Alliaoca,
from Colon.
Foreign Torts.
FALMOUTH- Arrived Apr 13-Br ship Rowena,
from Portland. - ■ _ , --;,,
KINGBOAD-Arrived Apr 12-Ger baric V istir
gis, hence Dec 10. «__''- ; #. . *- -kiJ.v
LIVERPOOL -Arrived Apr 12-Dan bark Mary
Jose, from Victoria. __■
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Apr 13— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver. '
DOVER— Passed Anr 13-Br ship Aberfoyle. h.
Dec 12 for London. _ _,
•SWANSEA— Arrived Apr 11— Br ship Star Of
Beneal. from Queenstown. J
SHANOHAI-sailed Mar 31 -Ship B P Cheney,
for New Whatcom.
ACATOIXO- Sailed Apr 13— Stmr San Jose, for
San Pninclsco.
_lov«>un>iiti of Tram-Atluntla Sff»»<n»r».
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr H-^imr Kensing
ton, from Antwerp; stmr Mohawk, from London:
stmr Bohemia, from Stettin; stmr Werra. from
Genoa; stmr Naples, from Gibraltar.
sailed Apr 14— mr Lr.hn, for Bremen; stmr
Schiedam, for Amsterdam.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Apr Stmr Patrla
from New York for Homburg.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed in Aor
14- Stmr Indiana, frm Liverpool for Philadelphia.
LlZAßD— Passed Apr 13— Stmr Nederland, frm
Philadelphia for Antwerp.
I ';_' Imnnrfiiinm.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— Bo dressed calves, 42
sks peas. 1 pkg leather, 2 sks coin. 8 bdls pelts, 14
pkgs express, 4 cs boots and shoes, 127 doors, 139
M ft lumber, 297 bxs batter, 171 sks potatoes, 1 cs
shoes, 7 pkgs mdse. 2cs millinery, 2 bbls mineral
water. 1 bx emery wheels. 3 rolls carpet.
COOS BAY— Per Arago— 7so tons coal, 4 bales
flannel, 423 sks potatoes, lit Oxs butter, 3 bis
cheese, 5 pkgs mdse. 7yyY;
Consignee*.
Per Pomona— Amer Cam Acid A Oas Co: F Ton
lit- ACo; Wolf A Son: Brlgham, HoppeACo; W
Davis & Son: C E Whltnev •_ Co: Boss A Hewlett;
Dairymen's Union: Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Scott A
Van'Arsda'e Lumber Co; Get- Bros A Co; McKay
A Co; Norton. Teller A Co: Wheaton. Breon A Co;
0 B Smith A Co: Feillng, Creasy *. Co: F B Haight;
ooodall. Perkins A Co; Hawley Bros; Hills Bros;
Wlrlsnd Brewing Co: Standard Oil Co; Hibernia.
Brewery : W R knight A Co; W B Sumner A Co:
Wells, Fargo A Co; <J de Lucca: PC Lumber and
Mill co; A L Bryan Shoe Co: C Doscner; Carroll
A Carroll: Humboldt Mineral Water Co: United
States Brewery; R H Hazel ton; W Marion A Co;
W J Stone.
Per Arago— McDonough A Runyon; Hills Bros:
Marshall, Teggart A Co: Wells, Fargo A Co; Pacific
Transfer Co: Bandon Woolen-mills; Haas Bros:
H Dutard; Hllmer, Bredhoff A Scttulz.
' For Late Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Page.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.'
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class dB.OO
Second 01aa5 ....^000
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— flew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
General Agents.
ASTORIA ANffJORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails April 8 and 18
State of California sails April 13 and '23
Prom Spear-st. Wharf (Pier _.) at 10 a. m.
eoODALL, PERKINS* A CO., Genl. Sopts.
F. P. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 -Market *-rt".
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP C031P.01
STEAMER.. WILL SAIL FROM yfc____
O Broadway wharf, San Prancisco, aa ___2__M_!
follows:
For Mary Island. Loring. Wrangel. Juneau, Kil-
llsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at . a. v.. April 14
29, May 1 1. -9.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortos and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. M.
April 4. P. 14, 19, 21. 29, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wits
the C. p. R. R., at Tacama with N. P. R. ii,
•t Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend witn
! Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., April 3, 7. 11
16. 19, 2 '■. 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Kama Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Carucoa
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, ifuenenic, San Pedro, East Sag
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. April
1. 5.9. 13, 17, 21,25, 29 and every fourth da,
thereafter.
For San Diego, .topping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. April 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, and
.very fourth day thereafter.
lor Lnseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
| 10 a. it., April 5.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS _. CO., GenT Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. _f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, [Lam HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Bf my
AUSTRALIA. Vs.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 9. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues,,
April 28, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, April 3d
at 2 p. _t.
LInetoCOOLQARDrE. Aust., and CAPETOWN.
8. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agta..
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office, 327 Market at.. San Francisco.
COIPAGSIE GESERAL TRA JSATLA JTIQUB
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH _a,/M_
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by _CE___K
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel la a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Pari*
flrst-class 160: second-class, 9116.
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe
- April 18, 3a. _f
LA BOURGOONE, Capt. Letoeuf, ...... „...
: April 25, 9 a. ■
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle
-- May 2. 4 a. -_
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon
...... i..v 9, 8:00 a.
t&~ For further particulars apply to
„ »_, A. FORGET. Agent,
, _, -,_.„ *** 3 Bowling Green, New York.
avenue. FUGAZI A CO., Agent 6 Montgomerr
avenue. San Francisco.
I SETBERLAJDS AMERICA]! STEAM IATL
GATIOS COMPASY.
j New York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
0 a.
Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin »45 and
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
j reduced rates. Lowest steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local ticket agent or
i THOMAS cook <fc SON, Pacific Coast p__wenge*
: agents, 621 Market st., S. F. .
WHITE ITAR USE.
United States and Royal Hall Steamers
BETWEEN
' New York, Queenstown & Lfverpool,
SAILING __VJ_K_' WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- _fm__m_
Inc to steamer and accommodations _M«£9
I ■elected: second ci bin. $36 and *40: Majestic and
: Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire? ;
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. ' Tickets,"-
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
: from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
i General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. ETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast..-' ■
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL \___rtg___
fortnightly for the West Indies and CS£a3m
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with tha
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., Issued for freight and trea*.
are to direct ports in England and Germany. -
Through tickets from San Prancisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
ataaa. 997 M. For further particulars apply to
PARUOTT & CO., Agents.
y . 306 California at.
~~ STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washinson St-
At 5 P. 31, Daily, Except Sunday.
09- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone,
ST-_A-U.J_K : '^7
; T. C. Walker. J D. Peter*,
Mary Garratt. City of Stocktoa.
Telephone Main 808. CM. N»v. and lmpt. Co.
VALLEJO, iSLWD, *BEMCIA, PORT
COSTA MB CROCKETT.
STB. MONTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. At.
and 4 P. __, ; Saturday, 10:80 a. M., 3:30 r. if;
Sunday— » p. m.
•4 P. m. only.
Lauding, m.lssioa 1, Pier 3.CITY'S FIGHT FOR
PUBLIC UTILITIES
Alameda Is Now in the
Throes of Such a Con
tention.
FRUITFUL EXPERIMENTS
*
City Fathers Make Revela
tions in the Matter of
Economy.
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE FORMED.
A Convincing Report of the Expense
of One Hun-red Months of
Ownersh p.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 12.— Alameda
fs at present in the midst of a struggle
Vrith the problem of city ownership of
public utilities. They have a big fight on
their hand?, and they and their sup
porters look on the Oakland Gas, Light
and Heat Company as their bugbear.
Ten years ago the Jenney Electric Light
ing Company entered into business here,
received a franchise and supplied the light
for fifty-two arc lamps to the city at a
cost of $">_H per month. The city eventu
ally bought out the company and its piant
for $40,000, which is claimed was at least
twice its actual value, and in February of
this year were running 100 arc lights,
2000-candle power, at a cost of slightly
over $6 per month, and 1335 incandescent
lights to private consumers, for which
they received over $350 per month.
The electrician in charge, G. A. Wiese,
has no Jess than 1500 applications for 3000
new incandescent lights, and the Trustees
are anxious to erect more arc lights. To
do this more power and electricity is re
quired.
After considering the difficulty, the City
Trustees decided on enlarging the city's
electric lighting plant, and at the tame
time cteaiing with another large expense
that confronted them monthly, vi;.: the
payment on the average of $1000 per month
for eight, months of the year for street
sprinkling. They determined <->n sinking
a well on their sections at the south end of
Park street, where the electric works are
installed, using salt water instead of fresh
for sprinkling the streets, and utilizing
the engines that generate the electricity at
night to pump the water in the day time.
Accordingly bids were advertised for,
and on February 3 it was decided to pro
cure new engines and boilers at a cost of
$15,502, and sink a well for which the City
Treasurer was to pay the sum of $19f.
Later on in the month a new 250 kilo
watt incandescent dynamo was purchased
for the sum of $74*63. This dynamo is
guaranteed to be able to furnish electricity
for 12,000 incandescent lights of 16-candfe
power. The old dynamo, which originally !
cost $1600, was taken as part payment for
$1500, and other old stocks and fittings
sold, reducing the total indebtedness in
curred from $26,4 to $21,732.
Mr. Britten. secretary of the Oakland
Gas. Light and Heat Company, contended
publicly that his company could supply
light much cheaper than "the city could.
This started the agitation and though Mr,
Brittan failed to materialize at the meet
ing of the City Trustees to discuss his
claims as arranged the agitation still kept
un, fanned in some measure by the atti
tude ofthe local press toward the project.
The opponents of the scheme then j
sought the aid of the courts and at the in- i
stigation of John Fleming, an attorney in :
Ban Francisco, but a resident of Alameda, j
an injunction was served upon the City
Trustees to restrain them from improving
the city electric light plant. The injunc- |
tion was dismissed three weeks after on
the motion of the City Attorney, E. K. j
Taylor. The Trustees immediately held a
meeting and approved of bills" to the
amount of $3300 -part payment for housing |
and erecting plant but the City Treasurer !
has not paid the same, inasmuch as a j
pecond injunction was at once served upon
the board and again proceedings were at i
a standstill.
A new factor has also appeared in the '
statement that cities of the fifth class, j
BUCh as Alameda, have no right under their
charters to sell or dispose of lights to their
citizens, and one gentleman, F. Delanoy,
bookkeeper for the Sterling Electric Sup
ply Company. San Francisco, applied to
the city for a Franchise to test the point.
To further the interests of Alameda city j
and other cities similarly situated a mv- '<
nicipal league was formed, a preliminary'
meeting urranced for and the Municipal
League of Alameda, No. 1, was instituted.
The statement of principles, to which no
less than 350 signatures have been already
obtained, and which constitute the mem
bership in the league, is as follows:
I believe in the maintenance of municipal
ownership and operation of an electric light
plant by the city of Alameda.
I indorse the proposition to enlarge said
plant from time to time, as public necessity
may demand, so as to provide for the lighting
of our streets and public buildings in such a
manner ns may be a pride to our citizens, who
wish the same, with electric lighting at a mini
mum cost.
1 indorse the policy of city ownership of
water supply and means of distribution, and
favor the acquisition thereof by the city of Al
ameda as soon as practicable.
Some of the most respectable, wealthy
and conservative citizens of the town have
become members thereof.
There are now nearly 400 names on the
membership roll and the number is steadily
increasing. , The management is in the
hands of an executive committee of seven,
whose names are a guarantee that the or
ganization is controlled by representative
business men. They are the following:
Frank H. McCormick, Pacific Coast agent
of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
Railway,; president; Dr. E. B. Clark,
oculist and • aurist, vice-president; Her
man Krusi, vice-president and manager of
the San Francisco Bridge Company ; Green
Majors, attorney-at-law; George E. Plum*
mer, a wealth}- ship grocer; Colonel J. .1.
Tobin. deputy Internal Revenue Collector,
and Captain E. A. yon Schmidt, practical
dredging man. The secretary is B. C.
Brown, official stenographer to the Master
in Chancery of the United States Circuit
Court.
The league contends that municipal
ownership of light and water is right,
just and proper, is cheaper and more
economical to the taxpayer, is at all times
a valuable asset, and* properly managed,
is much to be preferred to having these
public necessities of life ladeied out by
private corporations when, where and how
they choose, and at the expense of the tax-
aver.
to still further this idea a public meet
ing was held in the council chamber of the
City Trustees Saturday night. Carl Cop
ping Piehn, professor of political economy
of the University of California who has
made a special study of the Question of
municipal ownership, made the principal
speech of the evening. The meeting was
presided over by Frank H. McCormick
president of the league. Charles E.
>;;vi.ir, the expert employed by the
league, also read His report. it was
shown by figures that instead of the city
parting with all its lighting property in
1895 for the film of $325 as contended by
one of the local papers it really had a
Design for au Alameda Library Building Submitted by Architect George A. Dodge,
[From the architect's drawing.]
plant that at a fair valuation was worth
$50,170.
The following report of Charles E. Nay
lor, - expert for the Alameda Municipal
League, was presented:
Having been employed by your executive
committee for the purpose ascertaining the
amount of money expended in the purchase,
construction and maintenance, including re
pairs and running expenses of the city's elec
tric light plant and the value of the services
furnished and the net resultant cost, calculat
ed upon a basis of equitable comparison, with
instructions to make a report at this time to
this meeting, I now beg to present the results
of mv labors and Investigations. All such cal
culations must have a basis, and 1 have as
sumed as my basis that at the time the con
tract was made to purchase from the Jenney
Electric Light Company the original plant as
established by them in ls*~t> the city paid
$40,000 spot cash for the same, this being
the initial investment. As a matter of
fact a part of this sum was paid in cash and
part by the sale of bonds, but this fact
cuts no'tigure in the business calculation. The
investment was $40,000.
I disregard entirely the sunt paid to the said
Jenney company previous to December 1. 1887,
for electric light service under contract at the
rate of $15 per month per lamp, because these
items were entirely disconnected from the pur
chase by the city of the saia plant.
Taking, then, this $40,000 purchase price as
my starting point 1 have added the items of
construction expenditure from time to time,
carrying the account down to April 1. 1596. 1
have also followed the cost of maintenance,
covering repairs, salaries and all other items
of running expenses from December 1, 1837 to
April 1, 1896. just 100 months.
It has been almost impossible to segregate
all Items of construction from running ex
penses, because of the manner of recording the
expenditures. For instance, entries were fre
quently made at times covering quite large
amounts under the general designation of
"supplies" for electric- light works. This
might be for one or the other or both of these
accounts. I have done the best I could in the
limited time and with the facilities at com
mand to separate these items, and believe that
the figures which I give you approximate very
closely to the correct apportionment of the
outlay. But you will quickly understand why
the absolute accuracy of this division or ap
| portionment of expenditure is not of great im
portance as a factor in producing the final
result.
The variation, if any there be, will be found ;
j in placing too much to construction account
I ana somewhat less to the repairs expense ac
| count, but the difference will not be material.
! In producing the final result which I give you
! I woiked by years, taking the original cost of '
1 the plant, $10,000, and adding one year's in
terest, then adding one year's construction
cost, then adding one year's repairs and run
ning expenses. This you will see gives me at I
the end of the first year the total expenditure ;
to that date, '1 hen I subtract from this total a |
credit for the service of the year. This you j
will recognize leaves a net investment with j
which to begin a new year's calculation.
In estimating the value of the services we '
are to credit the plant, I allow per lamp for
the first three years at the rate previously paid ;
to the Jenney company under a three "years' I
j contract, which contract was voided by the •
| purchase of the plant, thereafter I used the j
j rate paid by the city cf Oakland for similar |
! service, as nearly as can be ascertained. Ido :
j this rather than take the figures of any other |
city, because it appears self-evident that had ;
| our plant not been purchased we would have |
i been buying our light from trie Oakland com- I
, pany, and in that case we would have to pay at ■
j least the same rate that the city of Oakland has |
paid. Comparisons might be made with other
I cities, but it" the rate in such places be either !
higher or lower than Oakland, the comparison j
j would not be a reasonable one, nor the figures
I as likely to be a correct basis, because of the I
I varying conditions throughout the State, sua '.
. Ing higner or lower rates to prevail, and be
cause of the recognized probability of Oakland
! rate prevailing here in the event of our fail
j ure to purchase the plant when we did.
This i. my reason for using the Oakland ;
; rates, being the only ones that I feel justified j
lin adopting lor the reason named. If this is I
wrong then my calculation would be varied i
accordingly.
ln addition to the credit given the plant for j
arc-light service I have also added a credit for
the income from Hie sale of incandescent lights :
during the past year. Again, there has been a
; combination of city departments which caused '
j some confusion in my investigations. This
I combination is probably nature!, from an elec
| trician's standpoint, because the departments :
I are both electrical, but where each department
must furnish an entirely independent and dis- I
tinct service, standing or falling upon its own j
record, it is just as well to keep those records '
separate. These remarks refer to the fire
alarm system, the expense of maintaining ;
which has been charged up as a part of the j
: maintenance of electric light works.
Upon investigation I ascertain that an equit- l
able sum to charge to the fire alarm system j
would be, according to the estimate of well- '
informed persons, the sum of $125 per month,
and that if it were run as a distinct depart- I
ment (if we had no electric light works and no
electrician to divide his time between the two
departments) the cost wou'd be not less than
$150 a month.
Fearing, however, to rob the Electric-light
Department of too much of its expense ac
count, I have charged the lire alarm system
from the date of its establishment with only
$1000 per annum instead ot $1500 or «1800
which these estimates would justify. I sub
tract this sum from the total expense disburse
ments charged in the books to the Electric
light Works. This gives a very cheap fire
alarm system at some expense to the Electric
light Department. However, the entire report
is submitted for your approval, and on points
of this character is subject to change at your
pleasure.
interest— ln getting the views of taxpayers
on the subject of charging the electric-light in
vestment with interest, I found a diversity of
opinion prevailing, some preferring not to
charge interest to a municipal investment of
any kind, while others considered it perfectly
proper to do so.
In the first statement that I will give you I
have treated the plant as though it was pri
vate property, having added 5 per cent each
year as explained above and as exemplified
below, and will now give you the figures on
this basis.
Kindly remember that in collating the facts
which I present 1 have been particularly care
ful not to be governed in any manner by the
opinions or unsupported statements of" any I
city official although it has been necessary to !
avail myself of the assistance of the City Elec- I
trician and the City Clerk in locating certain !
books and documents and in formulating the
inventory, and I am pleased to state that
neither of these officials has endeavored in any
way to influence me in my work, nor have
I they been given at any time a shadow of a
suggestion as to what my report might be. 1
commend them for their discretion and thank
them for their courtesy in the matter.
For the past fifteen months, as explained, I
have given the plant credit for the income ofthe
incandescent lights amounting to 557 71
Now I present a summary of the above state
ment, which reads as follows:
Purchase and construction.... $77,997 29
Maintenance 76.876 68
Interest, 5 per cent added each year
oti net cost 16,559 05
Total * 171.633 02
Cr.— Cost of lights for 100 months on
Oakland rate basis '. 120,953 71
$50,479 8]
Cr.— Amount paid by S. P. K. R. and
Inter*-* on same from November,
1888 at 6 per cent 1,266 70
Net cost of plant to city 849,112 0]
, Now I will give you the.loss and gain state
ment upon the same basis.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896.
LOSS AND GAIN.
Cr.— By lights $120,953 71
I)r.— Expenses and repairs 76,876 08
Net profits $-4,077 03
inventory value of plant, etc $50,170 75
INVESTMENT. "': ; ; '
Purchase and construction $77,997 29
Interest charged 1(1,559 05
. $94,556 34
Less received from S. P. R. R. with
Inierest 1,366 70
$93.1X9 64
Less net profit 44,077 03
7 percent cost $49,112 61
And now I will give you a statement based
upon the actual amount of money paid out for
interest to date added to the other items of
purchase, construction and maintenance.
This you will observe varies from the previous
statement only in the matter of interest, as in
that one we charged interest upon the total in- i
vestment from year to year, while in this
one, as already stated, I only include the in
terest actually paid to the Jenney Electric Com- I
pany and upon the bonds:
Purchase and construction $77,997 29
Maintenance 76,876 68
Interest on bonds actually paid 8,139 24 j
Total $163,013 21
: Less amount paid by S. P. R 1,000 00
Balance $162,013 21 !
i Credit by lights 120,953 71
! Net cost of plant $41,059 50
After making the above statement, I further
j investigated the rates prevailing in Oakland
i for arc lights, and while the same are calcu-
I lated upon a different basis from ours, that is
to say, to much per light per night for an all
night run upon a moonlight schedule, our cal
culations have been made upon a basis of so
much per light per month upon a 1:30 o'clock
a. M. shedule.
I am inclined to think that possibly I have
given the plant credit for a few thousand dol
lars too much because of the intricacy of the
' comparison and the short time in which I have
i done the work, and have made a new state
ment to-day, which I will now give you, based
: upon rates for the past fifty-one months of
■ Sl 50 per month per light, less than the
I figures used in the above statement. This
statement Is as follows: ■•'-;. ,
Cost of plant, with Interest added
j yearly at 6 percent $56,518 14
Inventory 50,170 75
LO3S $6,347 39
Inventory $50,170 75
Cost of plant, with Interest oniv
actually paid 48.093 35
Net profit.^.? $2,077 40
ANOTHER SUMMARY.
To place the matter in another point of view
the following summary is given, differing from
the former in that interest is charged not on
the whole investment, but only as actually
paid by the city.
Purchase and construction account,
100 months, to April 1, 1896 $ 77.997 29
Less amount paid out by Southern Pa
cific Company account station lights. 1,000 00
$ 70,997 29
Cost of maintenance as above 70,876 68
Interest actually paid (to Jenny __ Co.
upon bonds to date) 8,139 24
Actual outlay of money $162,013 21
Cess present value of plant as per In
ventory 60,170 75
$111,842 46
Less receipts from incandescent plant. 3,557 71
Net co«t of street lighting for 100
months $108,284 75
This last table shows an average of
$1,082 85 per month, for an average of over
eighty-eight lamps per month, as compared
with $810 a month for fifty-four lamps, the
amount being paid for street lighting at and
previous to the date of original purchase in
i 18S9. This shows an average cost of $12 30
1 per lamp per month for the 100 months which
i covers depreciation in plant by wear and tear
. and exchanges of old machinery for new, as
! well as all running expenses.
Inventory— For the purpose of ascertaining
I how near the net cost according to the above
figures is to the present value of the plant I
! had a careful inventory made of the city's en
; tire electric light property. The items" I am
satisfied are correct and the prices Riven ap
proximately so, in some cases, according to a
: prominent San Francisco electrician with
i whom I have consulted, being less than the ar-
I tides can be replaced for, while in other cases
: they cover the full value, but upon the whole
, I believe it to be a safe, conservative and proper
' valuation.
I have this inventory here in detail, but will
j not detain you now to read it. Suffice it to
i say that the total amounts to $50,170 75,
I while I have just learned, af tor getting this re
! port ready, that there has been omitted from the
inventory the eighteen-mile wire circuit for the
| railroad station lights. ; . This inventory covers
j only the property owned and paid for, and
does not include any of the unpaid purchases
under the latest contracts for the extension of
I the plant. The incandescent annex installed
during the past year n as produced some reve
nue, which was included in the credit to ser
vice in the above statements.
There are now eighty regular customers for
incandescent lights on the book, and together
with those in the city offices there are 1350 in
candescent lamps on the line, although the ca
pacity of the present machinery will permit
the burning of only 800 lamps at any one
time. . t '
The monthly income at present from the in
candescent system is over $300, the amount
for March being $316 75. This Includes a very
low rate for the lights used in the city public
offices, and I see no objection to giving the
plant credit for the same, as it is saving gas
Dills which would otherwise have to be paid.-
In the inventory all items of expense supplies
now on hand, such as coal, oil, waste, etc.,
which have already been paid for and charged
to expense account have been omitted; also in
the early history of the arc system a few lights
were sold from time to time, but as the income
therefrom was inconsiderable and not easily ar
rived at I allowed that item of credit to pass
unnoticed. These credits, such as abatement
on fire alarm expense, arc light sales and in
ventory of coai, etc., as well as the saving in
individual gas bills by reason of reduced rates,
! will offset any variation in the apportionment
of expenditures and credits for light service.
Now, one more word regarding the incan
| descent department. I have not been able to
i accurately determine the additional cost of
running since this department was added, be
cause, by the introduction of the latest ma
chinery at that time the consumption of coal
proportioned to the work accomplished was
greatly reduced. However, I estimate the ad
ditional expense as salaries and incidentals
approximately at $150 per month. The in
come is about $300 per month, so that there
has not been any actual loss, although if con
ducted as an independent' plant the incan
descent annex would not be self-sustaining
with the small patronage and at the rates now
being charged.
I find that the stores pay a flat rate of 60
cents per lamp per month, and that the proprie
tors of these stores estimate that this is about 50
per cent of what they formerly paid for gas, a
very material saving. The private residences
all have meters and the charge does not de
pend upon the number of lamps in the house,
nut upon the quantity of electricity consumed.
On ail bills exceeding $2 50 there is a discount
allowed of 10 per cent. This discount in
creases as the bill grows, be ng 20 per cent on
bills over $5, 30 per cent on bills over $10 and
40 per Cent on bills over $20, so that in some
instances the more electricity the consumer
uses the less he pays. The rate appears me
to be very low and should; induce the general
use of incandescent lights among our citzens.
The fact that It is not the number of lamps
but the quantity used that is the basis of
charge is much more attractive to the con
sumer than a hat-rate system.
From data on file it is evident that many
more lights will be sold if facilities are in
creased. It would appear that the original
purchase was of a rather inferior piant at
an increased valuation and very expensive to
conduct. The cost of repairs was large.
Also that the outfit was run at a disadvantage
until last year, when most of the old inferior
machinery was taken out and exchanged for
new.
We have now two arc-light dynamos capaDle
of carrying 100 lights each. One of these is
working ud to its limit, while the other is
held in reserve. We also have one incan
descent dynamo, and with the proposed new
outfit there will be capacity for fully 5000
incandescent lights. In addition to ,the 200
arc lights provided for, there should be no ne
cessity for new machinery for at least five
years to come.
If 5000 arc lights can he sold the income
should be from 1500 to $1800 Der month,
j which amount ought to carry the entire cost 01
j running the plant.
It would appear, also, that while no surplus
j help is now employed, some of that help is
; not overworked and could easily perform the
additional semes that will be required by the
j proposed extension and enlarged machinery.
A BIG ESTATE.
Left by the Minor Son of the I. ate WII-
Hani l\alkerley.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 14.— estate
of the infant son of the late William Wal
kerley has been appraised at $195,867 49 by
Joseph Lanktree, J. B. Travers and J. C.
..wing. This represents a one-half inter
est of the property of the capitalist, which
was distributed to the son's mother, now
Mrs. Blanche Burbank, as bis sole heir at
law.
The estate includes a half interest in the
block bounded by Humboldt and Twen
tieth streets. Sixth avenue and Jordan
street, East Oakland; the Pacific Union
building and ground in San Francisco, as
sessed at $336,909? 122 shares of the capital
stock in the Wyoming Coal and Coking
Company; a claim acainst the Pacific
Union Club for rent of $1250, and against
C. F. Webb for $100.
Overturned in the Bay.
i OAKLAND, Cal., April 14.— Antonio
Pedro, a deal and dumb mute, had his
boat overturned between Oakland harbor
lights and Long wharf this mornine. His
I leg was entangled in the sail, and
the lightkeepers could not reach him for
j thirty-rive minutes on account of the
I northwest gale which was blowing. It
j took an hour to revive him at the light
; house, but this afternoon he was suf
ficiently recovered to be taken to his home
i at 226 Second street.
HISTORY OF A HAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Short Chapter*.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 14. j
Thomas McGovern, convicted in the Fed
i eral court of smuggling opium, has been sen
: tenced to imprisonment in the County Jail for
one year.
Gustav Braguschwerger, who has been in
I the County Jail for some time awaiting trial
for forgery, has been found guilty and sen
j tenced to imprisonment at Folsom for three
I years.
The ninth annual convention of the State
[ Christian Endeavor Union will be held at San
! Jose, commencing May 14 and continuing
three days. Alameda County will have a dele
> gation of from 300 to 500.
A hospital corps will be organized next Tues
! day evening at the meeting of the Fifth In
-1 fan try Regiment in Armory Hall. Surgeon.
Major Dunn is taking an active interest in
j promoting the department.
The suit of Mrs. Emma \V. Halsey and Kate
A. Halsey against the Covenant Mutual Benefit
I Association over an insurance policy on the
! life of the late Br. Halsey has been dismissed,
j as the company has settled.
Warrants have been sworn out for the arrest
' of Louis Silver, Willie Silver and Joe Gillet,
j three boys, on the charge of assaulting the
! boy conductor of the Vandercook line at Nine
! teenth avenue and Twenty-second street
Death has at last come to end the physical
and mental troubles of Mrs. Con Crowley, wife
i of Hie well-known First Warder. She died at
the County Infirmary early this morning at
the age of 48 years. Her death was occasioned
i by cancer.
Revival meetings arc being held nightly at
i the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church in East
I Oakland. Rev. C. Hill assisted by Revs. Whit
aker and Jordan are personally conducting the
meetings, and good music will be rendered
each evening.
B. F. Miller has made application to be ap
! pointed guardian of Joseph Miller, an inmate
i of the Home for Adult Blind, who is alleged to
be incompetent and has an estate valued at
I $1000, consisting of a legacy under the will of
! a deceased brother.
B. H. Fisher will succeed L.Wheeler as su
| perintendent of the Alameda, Oakland and
Piedmont Electric Railway on May 1, Mr.
Wheeler having tendered his resignation. Mr!
Fisher was formerly assistant to Engineer
Storey of the Valley road.
Mrs. M. F. Delanoy of Alameda has brought
suit against her husband, F. N. Delanoy, for
the purpose of recovering $000 for six shares
of stock in the Mutual Building and Invest
ment Company, which she says she sold the
defendant at his own request.
Judge Greene issued an order to-day for the
callineof a Grand Jury, and the names of the
nineteen county inquisitors will probably bo
selected to-morrow. The names from which
the nineteen are to be drawn have already
been selected by Judge Greene.
L. B. Thomas, a bicycle-dealer, yesterday
swore out a search warrant for a bicycle which
he rented to J. R. O'Neill on Sunday last. The
dealer stated that he had located his machine
at a pawnshop, where it had been exchanged
j tor another wheel which had been pawned for
$_!0.
Public Administrator Knight has been given
j permission to sell the personal property of the
I estate of the late Lorenzo Ghiozzi, the old gar-
I dener, nicknamed "Garibaldi." who was
killed by the Seventh-street local a year ago.
i The properly makes a melancholy snowing,
i comprising only three wine casks.
On the 20;h of this month the motion of
Adele Rose that Frank Rose allow her alimony
to the amount of $100 a mouth will be heard
in Judge Ogden's court. Mrs. Rose supports
her request by showing that her husband owns
a number of lots in Washington Township, a
livery business, with a number of horses and
wagons. She also asks for an allowance of
$500 as counsel fees.
Mrs. Mary Murphy of 664 Myrtle street died
suddenly this morning from hemorrhage of
the lungs. She retired last evening feeling
well,"' and was not well when she arose this
! morning, but before her toilet had been com
pleted the hemorrhage suddenly attacked her,
and she died before medical aid could be sum
moned. Mrs. Murphy was a native of Ireland,
60 years of age. The Coroner will hold an
inquest.
ELECTRIC LIGHT PLANT.
Alameda City Treasurer Refuses
to Cash Warrants for
Same.
Prize Deg Presbyterian Church
Surprise Party— Cylers Hold
Election.
ALAMEDA. Cal., April 14.— Last night
among the bills ordered to be paid by the
City Trustees were two of $400 and $450, re
spectively, to Contractor Constable for
buildings at the electric-light works. On
presentation of the warrants this morn
ing Treasurer Wheeler refused to pay
them unless he were indemnified by a
bond of $1000. He does this, he claims, at
the instigation of his bondsmen, who are
not sure whether the injunction suit of
John Fleming against the City Trustees
may not be decided against the city.
A Big Republican Sleeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 14.— A meeting
of the Alameda Republican Club has been
called for to-morrow (Wednesday) evening
at Linderman Opera-house, Central ave
nue and Park street. The advisability of
holding joint club primaries for the elec
tion of delegates to the State convention
at Sacramento will be discussed. The
member of the Congressional Committee
from this district, E. K. Taylor, has de
clared his willingness to abide by the de
cision of the club.
Alameda has three Republican clubs —
the Alameda Republican Club, with a
membership of over 700; the Regular Re
publican Club, with an enrollment of 400,
and the Veterans' Republican Club, with
a membership of 75. The two last named
have declared for joint club primaries, and
the action of the Alameda Republican
Club, the oldest and by far the largest or
ganization, is awaited with interest, Abie
speakers will address the meeting, which
bids fair to be the largest political gather-
I ing held in Alameda for some time. It is
I generally conceded that a declaration will
| be made in favor of joint club primaries.
The proposition as advanced la that the
j three ciubs nominate separate tickets to
be voted at a joint club primary to be held
Saturday, the delegates chosen to be in
j dorsed by Committeeman Taylor. This
i action, it is believed, will be generally sat
j isfactory to the Republicans of Alameda,
i and the possibility of a contesting delega
! tion be avoided.
A I'astor's Anniversary*
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 14.— The Rev.
F. O. Brush, pastor or the Presbyterian
Church, and his wife were the recipients
of a pleasant surprise party last night in
ttie church parlors. To render it more
| complete, and to commemorate the tenth
anniversary of their wedding, the Ladies'
Aid Society, through D. D. Stark, pre
sented the couple with two exquisite floral
pieces and a set of solid silverware to Mrs.
Brush. George C. Bordwell also presented
the pastor with a '96 model bicycle on be
! half of the male members of the church.
j The Rev. E. Y. Garette. the former minis
ter of the church, and the Rev. J. Cum;
-; ming Smith from Trinity Church, San
Francisco, were also present and delivered
appropriate speeches.
Great Dane Stolen.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 14.— One of the
best-known characters on Park street for
the past two years is a great Dane dog,
i Ctesar 11, owned by William Zing.-, t obac
j conist, and who is it present on his honey
' moon in San Jose.
The dog is now in charge of Constable
! yon Kapff, and one A. VV. Schreiber is
! lodged in the City Jail on a charge of steal
j ing him. Schreiber was arrested this
j morning, and his bonds were fixed in the
i sum of $1000 cash.
• ♦ •
THE MOBMON CHOIR.
■r-y- y>.yy
The First Concert in Oakland Was a
Musical Triumph.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 14.— The Mor
mon choir gave its first concert in Califor
! nia at the First Congregational Church
! to-night. Apart from the musical perfec-
I tion that has been attained by the choir,
the simple fact that it is a Mormon choir
from the Salt Lake Tabernacle adds greatly
to the interest of the audience. Particu
: larly was this the case when the last num
ber on the programme had been rendered.
The director announced that there was
one more number that they were pleased
to sing. "We have not been a State long,"
he said, 'and we like our State song."
The full choir then sang "Utah, We Love
I Thee." The music is somewhat martial,
and the evident pride of the singers in the
new State was very marked.
The choir presented one of the prettiest
pictures ever seen in Oakland as they
faced the audience. It consisted of about
seventy-five young ladies and sixty men
and was accompanied by a string quartet,
a piano, the church organ and harmonium.
The ladies were all "dressed in white and
each carried a lan:e lily. , They also wore
flowers in the corsage and in their hair.
The chorus singing is perfect and the
soloists possess marked ability.
The program me was arranged so as to
give full scope to the tastes of musical
critics. It contained Scotch airs, selec
tions from "II Travotore," "The Mormon
-Dedication Hymn," "Hosannah" and the
Hallelujah chorus from "The Messiah."
Master Charlie Pike, the boy alto, is cer
tainly a phenomenon. His voice is mar
velously rich and powerful and it seemed
almost impossible that the excellent ren
dition of "Angels Ever Bright and Fair"
could come from such a boyish throat.
The choir is staving in its own special
I train at the mole and hundreds of friends
have come with the singers. During their
] trip they will give only eight concerts in
this State.
Root Is Held.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 14. — Root, the
gold-brick swindler, was remanded to cus
tody this afternoon, when he made his
fifth attempt for liberty by the habeas cor
pus route. Chief Lloyd is making despe
rate efforts to hold his man, and as a last
recourse he will turn the man over to
Auction Sales
J* 3 m ll tk H W SL wfi 0 X » atwL m \r t^K
Kr Cfl tS\ la V_W_ _-. _E-4. -M wtw _r H BiXm, 43&W F ffl__ >t_A_ M-L. _. <* mWkm. T
GEO. F. LAMSON, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny St.
IMPORTANT PUBLIC NOTICE
TO ALL LOVERS OF RARE OLD ANTIQUE
FURNITURE, CURIOS and BRIC-A-BRAC.
THIS DAY.
Wednesday April 15.1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m. on the Premises.
1103 iSSvLttox- Street,
t ■ ....l WILL, SKI. I.
A VALUABLE AND RARE COLLECTION OF
ANTIQUE COLONIAL FURNITURE,
Comprising many very beautiful specimens of
the unique styles peculiar to that early period, and
comprising 1 .Magnificent Solid Mahogany Antique
English Bound Table, with snap 4 feet 6 inches,
over 100 years old ; 1 Old English Dining Table, in
polld mahogany, 75 years old; 1 Massive Colonial
Solid Mahogany Sideboard, 125 years old: >olid
San Domingo Mahogany Library Table; Card Ta-
bles: Solid San Domingo Mahogany Parlor Writ-
ing Desks; 1 Very Elegant Antique Ebony Center
Table, richly inlaid: Elegant Mahogany French
Three-quarter or Double Bedsteads:" Elegant
French or German Mahogany Chairs; 1 Very An-
tique Mahogany Library Table, style Louis XVI:
Magnificent Solid Mahogany Duchess Bureau: Old
French, Polish or Russian Candelabras; Old Eng-
lsli Silverware; Bare Old China; Genuine Bo-
hemian Glassware: Costly Bric-a-brac, with many
other specimens of very rare and valuable antique
furniture. .-• ■, :
GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
No such collection of rare old furniture has been
offered at public sale in this city for many years.
GEO. F. LAMSON, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny Street.
Thursday April 16, 1896,
New Oak Furniture of 15 Handsomely Furnished
Rooms, Brannan st. Particulars to-morrow.
GKO. F. LAMsox, Auctioneer.
those who want him from other places.
He is now being held on two misdemeanor
charges, with bail at $1000 in each.
VABNI'S DEATH.
Beginning of the Trial of one of the
Two Accused.
OAKLAND, Cat.., April 14.— The trial of
Michael Ghirardelli, charged with the
murder of Felice Varni on December 1,
1895, in the foothills back of Elmhurst,
was begun before Judge Greene to-day.
The case will be stubbornly contested, and
as there is nothing but circumstantial evi
dence there is some doubt as to whether a
conviction will be secured.
Varni went out hunting with Ghirar
delli, Lazeretta and Devincenzi, and the
next day his dead body was accidentally
found by a deputy sheriff who was out
serving papers. The evidence at the pre
liminary examination was not strong.
Landmark Going;.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 14.— The Coun
cil passed a resolution last night ordering
the old scow on the Twelfth-street dam at
Lake Merrit destroyed or removed. This
is one of the old landmarks. It is on tide
land which is under the jurisdiction of
the city as contended in the Water Front
Company suits.
Stricken With Paralysis.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 14.— Saturday
afternoon Attorney Charles F. Craddock:
was taken suddenly ill with a stroke of
paralysis, and is in a critical conditional
his residence on Twentieth and Market
streets. - - .
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. B. Haggin (by Lloyd Tevis, attorney) to
Michael J. Sullivan, lot on E line of First avenue,
100 S of Point Lobos, .S 50 by E 120; $10.
Theo or Wollweber to Emily M. Wollweber, lot
on W line of Ashburv street, 61:6 X of Frederick,
N 55 by W 100; gift".
Same to same, lot on NE corner of Frederick and
Tremont avenue, ES 28:8 by N 116:6: gift.
Samuel C. Meyer to Deming-Palmer Milling;
Company, lot on X line of Sacramento street, 60
W of Dro * no, N 59:9 by W 25; $10.
Christopher Kaiser to Klise K. Kaiser, undivided
half of lot on S line of Bernard street, 252 E of
Jones. E 23 by s 50: $10.
Carlton Rlckards to James and Katie McElroy,
lot on VV line of Secord avenue, 200 S Of Clement
street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Alfred Clarke (by 8. C. Bigelow and A. A.
Smith, trustees) to Christian Hoffman, lot on N
line of Casein avenue, 150 w of Douglass street,
W 33:4 by X 212: also lot on SW corner of Doug
lass street and Caselli avenue, W 206:8, S 520,
SK 240. N 042, excepting the following: Lot on N
line of Nineteenth street, 151:4 \V of Douglass, W
51:4 by N 111: also lot on NW corner of Seward
and Douglass streets, N 100, W 115, S 100, SE
120: $13,950.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
James A. Trefry to Edward Sals, land commenc
ing at a point where division line between the
lands of the tirst party and lands of Silvaria inter
see's the center line of the county road from Ceu
tervllle to Irvington. thence SW 433 feet, NW 80
feet, NE 433 feet. SE 80 feet to beginning, town of
Centerville. Washington Township; $5.
George Leonard et al. (by commissioner) to
Bank of Livermore, lots 1 to 8, Leonard Tract,
Livermore. Murray Township; ,*eßs.
Charles B. Morgan to Eliza W. Morgan, lot on
NW corner of Castro and Twelfth streets, N 100
by W IcO, being lots 19 to 25, block 180, Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $5.
Mary Y. Vest to George 11. Wethern, lot on E
line of Kirkham street, 148 N of West Twelfth,
N 76 by E 115. being lots '24 and 25, block 577,
Oakland; $3000.
W. I-, and Laura J. Thomas to William P. and
Alice F.Todd, re-record of 519, deed 271, on Sline
of Oakland avenue, 3-15.74 X of Vernal avenue, E
40, s 134.10, W 40.03, N 132.65 to beginning, being
lot 21, Piedmont Tract, subject to a niortgnge to
Union Savings Bankfors63o, Oakland Township;
$10.
Vincent and Marie Hourat to Marcel Ifourat,
lots 13 and 11, block I, resubdivision of portion of
Roberts and Wolfskin Tract, Oakland Township;
$460.
Charles H. Sawyer to r: eorgia E. Sawyer (nee
Handy), lot on W line of College avenue, 150 S of
Sylvan Way. W 216, -^ 43, E 216, N 50 to begin
ning, being portion of Hillegrass estate In plat 71,
Rancho V. and D. Peraita, Berkeley; $10.
J. C. and Mary E. McMullen and Mary 11. Buck
(by attorney) to George K. Holloway, lot 10, block
5, Cass Tract. Berkeley; $10.
James E. and Matilda A. Daly to David Ander
son, lots 5 and 8, block D, lots 4, 5, 6 and 18, block
F, Daly Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
• H. C. Morris to Charles Marschhausen. lot on N
line of Mountain View avenue, 110 E of Bunny
side street. E 50 by N 110, being lot 102, resub
division of block 31, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Palmer A. Town to Catherine Town, lot com
mencing at a point 7o:4Va from NE corner of
block 43 on W side of Cedar street, thence N 25.
W 75, S 25, X 73 to beginning, being lot 3, block
43 in tract 406. Oakland; also lot 4, block 43,
lands of Oakland Point Railroad ferry landing, in
trait 406, Oakland: gift.
Emma and Lincoln Brodt to Flora Rose, lot on E
line of Campbell street, 106:3 N of Thirteenth, N
26 by X 104. Oakland; $10.
Jacon Greenhood to Alice Greenhood, lot on the
NW cornerof Twentv-flrst street and Broadway,
W 172:4, N 150, E 84:8, S 28:11. E 125, 896 to
beginning, being lots 12, 20 and 21, block D, Wil
cox place, Oakland: gift. c
. Joseph Lessmonn to Jodocus Schroder, lot on the
SW corner of Taylor an.l Wood streets, S 32:4 by
W 100, block 695. to correct, page 597 of book
302 of deeds. Oakland: $10.
M. and Emeline l.onge to Edwar.l F. Grlffa, lot
on the W corner of Wood street, 111:6 Sof Tay
lor,* 26 by W 100, block 695. Oakland; $1700.
Jens P. Simonsen to Neil" M. Martin, lot on E
line of Lock-ley avenue, 100 N of Summer street,
N 50 by B 100, lo 29, Locksley square Tract, Oak
land Township: $10.
George F. Gordon to.Loulsa Gordon, lot on Nline
of Butler avenue. 288 E of Idaho street, thence
NW 135, SW 43.95, NW 41.90, NE 214.98. BE
173.06, SW 181.95 to beginning, Oakland Town
ship: grant.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Wil
liam Boclen, lot 250 in plat 12, Mountain- View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $65. '
Lizzie E. 11. Beeby to Charles L. A. Scott, lots
81, 32 and S3, Mackinnon and Gohrman Tract.
Brooklyn Township; the E Va of lot 12 and W Va
of lot 13, Potts' Tract, Map 3, Oakland Township;
$10.
H. ('. and Mary A. Jones to Frederick Baumann.
lot on S line of Pacific avenue, 130 feet W of Wal
nut street, W 320 by a 150:2, being lots 13 to 18
and a portion of lot 12, block 24, lauds adjacent to
Enclnal, Alameda: $10.
William and Elizabeth Craib to Charles R. Allen,
lot on SE. corner Thirty-second and Union streets.
S. 26 by E. 100 feet, block G, lands In Peraita
Homestead Association, Oakland; $5. '-
Charles 11. Allen to Elizabeth Craib (wife of Wil
liam), same, Oakland, quitclaim deed: $5.
George, J. G. and Mary Marsilly to M. J. Madi
son, lot on SW corner of Twenty-second and Kirk
ham streets. W 339:6 by a 263:6, being lots 6 to
10, 16 to 20, block 1, Map of Survey of Northern
Extension of Oakland, quitclaim deed, Oakland:
$10.
Warner Land and Improvement Company fa
corporation) to James and Joseph Warner^lot on
NE line of East Eighteenth street, 50 N of sixth
avenue, N 100, NE 100, SE 100, SW 100 to be
ginning block 104, Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
Pauline L Leger to Robert IS. Donohue, lot 59
and W ha f of lot 60, block C, Fruitvale Villa Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $25.
Builders' Contract.
Mrs. B. McCarthy with John Blake, alterations
and additions to buildings on a line of Oak street,
137:6 X of Ootavia: $2300. J. B. Lo Romer,
architect. -
HOTEL AKEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
E C Bedell, Colusa W II Morrison, Snisun
JSI Hartley. San Diego A Belasco, Chicago
A N Canp >ell, Cal A Geoffray, San Jose
J F Devemlorf, San Jose J H McGaugham, cal
H Howard, ' al G Train, Cloverdale
H Marshall, Cloverdale S S Nathan, Bacto
W Graves, Dixon .* j F W George-son, Eureka
G R Georgeson, Eureka L T Klnsey, Eureka
LAYMANCE
Real Estate & Investment Company,
466 Eighth St.. Oakland.
SPECIAL LONG CREDIT
AUCTION SALE
OF
on choice on
ZU RESIDENCE lots, ZU
THE VER. CREAM OF
BE3 lE*. X^-EI-a-EY
WE WILL SELL
SATURDAY, APRIL 18, 1806,
At 2 o'clock p. m., upon the ground,
20 IAGIIFICEH RESIDENCE LOTS,
40x132:6 each, in block 4 of the Case Tract,
Berkeley, upon
UNPRECEDENTED TERMS.
$10 cash as first payment, balance $5 PER
MONTH. Low rate of interest at 7 per oent per
annum. Streets graded and sewered. Electric cars
and half-hourly local trains to San Francisco only
1 and '2 blosks away.
100 much importance cannot be attached to
property at Berkeley, and It Is safe to say that well-
located residence lots, fine view of the Golden
Gate, the bay of San Francisco on one side, the
beautiful line of foothills on the other, with a cli-
mate unsurpassed, fine school, religious and so-
cial advantages, will double and treble ln value
before you have your lot laid for.
Remember this Is the first ODportnnity ever
offered in Berkeley to buy a home at auction with
only $10 cash, You cannot afford to miss it.
Secure a catalogue and examine the property be-
fore day of sale.
For further particulars apply to
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE AND IN-
VESTMENT COMPANY, 466 Eighth
St., Oakland,
GEORGE SCHMIDT, Berkeley, or
WM. BUTTERFIELD, second floor, Crocker
building, San Francisco.
Mrs F B Flint, Sacto A Kohn, Portland
W II Flagg.Waila WallaJMrs WHFlagg&cn.Wasb
Mrs Burmelster. Or It S Toby, Portland
C 11 Burden, Cal Dr B S .Mackell, Cal
C E Lindsay, Santa Cruz A Brown, Cal
Mrs N J Tresine, Fresno A Smith. IjOs Angeles
<; N Reynolds, Los Aug Mrs N B Reefer, Chicago
E smith __ w, Oakland Mrs Barker, san Jose
\\' 11 Arnold, Los Am; Mrs Arnold, Los Angeles
J Q King, Minneapolis C E Hughes, Chicago
\V \V Turney, San Jose A Duvall, Livermore
Mrs D T Davis, Me Mrs W If Thomas. Me
II L Rood, San Diego D Bernard. Denver
A s Morris, Honolulu W D Langhome. Ma
Mrs A C McDonald, Tac Elijah Smith. KmnlreCity
Dr B. >> Dixon. Hanford P Buchlig, Jackson
Geo \V Groo, Salt Lake Nll Groo, Salt Lake
M M Wadswortb, Mo Mrs Wadsworth. Mo
A Cant __ «f, Buffalo Mrs H N Koch, Buffalo
Mrs T B Taylor. Sac Mrs J X Hugh* s. Sac
N C Baker. Kakersfield Mrs.) VV Kis. '1 acotna
E A Kent, Denver W Cole, Providence
Dr A F. Osborn & w, Eld S A Howard, Woodland
J Craig, His;h!and£pgs C W Kellogg, M D.Lakep
J tle_nesbfire,Plealanton J W Bowen, Los Angeles
C B CallenUer.SL Obispo E A DuFault. Paioßobls
J V Holme, N V N I Gaudy & w, Colo
C D Stanton. Arbuckle X T Blowe, Woodland
W C Waters, Watsonville
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Walker, Salt Lake J M Barrett, Salt Lake
J H Walker, Salt Lake M J Cheesman, salt Lake
II Lonquil., France W II Elliott, Detroit
C Newman, Chicago B Baker, Portland
L Metzger, Albany ' X E Jack, San Luis Obis
J W Moore, Philadelphia J H Hoffman, N V*
S L Bwain, NY WD Tobey, Carson
Mrs Bliss, Carson A B Stelnbach, Portland
MlssASheriden, St Louis Miss Powell, St Louis
J S Toppan, Chicago W R Toppan, Los Angel
J Harion, Chicago 0 II Antes, Chicago
J Johnston *fe w, Cal Mr A Mrs It F Evans, N V
Miss Evans, NY F steurtevant, Cal
G J Pierce & w, Chicago F B 1-athrop. Chicago
M M Taylor, I'SS (J sterling, ÜBN
J Irwin Jr. USS A Yolier, N V
Mrs (j E orey, NY J S Paulson, Cincinnati
B Kism &w, Houston Mrs Hardenburg, St Paul
A L Chapman, Columbus Miss Cbapmas, Columbus
Mrs Jackson, Chicago II Jackson A w, Chicago
Miss J D Jackson, Chgo A l.oeb & w, Chicago
S W stryker it w, Chgo J Lounsbury, N V
Mr 3 Sparks. Reno Mrs Tuttle, Reno
Miss Cobb, Macon Mrs Kunyon, Cal
LICK HOUSE.
G Bagot. San Mateo W J Hillman, Cal
M 1. Wolff, Helena T u'Day, Portland
H steinmer, Portland B Jamenson, B C
W Cauthers, Santa Rosa 1* R Schmidt, Calistoga
W A Clinch. San Jose Z T George Jr, Los Ang
JT. Pea-Ball, Newman T J Klesel, Ogden
j A E Turner, New York I' II Newcoaab, N V
i Mrs Mctlatchy, sacto Mrs E P Kelly, Hanford
C Steenbergh, Brentwd P Mcßae. Hanford
A Potter it 1, San Berd A Hewel, Modesta
J Briggs ,v ' '1 Ventura J Gaenzie <fc f. Beading
I. I antli &v , Beading Miss B Arnold. Beading
Miss A Arnold, Beading B C Terry, Clayton
W M Wyat , Fresno F W Hayne, N V
Mrs Briggs, Davisville RII Beamer, Woodland
G Noble, Fresno II Postletwait, San Jose
A Bernhelm, Ventura H Eickhoff. San Rafael
P W Tompkins. Cal A H Ashley. Stockton
if Upbam. Martinez N Lebastian, St Louis
G Gruen, St Louis A X Whitton, San Jose
W 11 Kent, Santa Rosa FII Lang. Salinas
J W Weinberg, Angels c McClatcby, Sacto
Dr Bron" <fe w. Rd Bluff Hon C Coglan. Sacto
C D Cobb, San Diego A C Hillman, Davisville
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Madison, Sacramento G L Belcher, Sausalito '
F B Sex ley. Indiana .1 Weiss, Potrero
W Wolff, Chicago B It Barker, Livermore
Mrs Barker. Livermore Miss Barker, Livermore
(J .1 Campbell Jr, Vallejo A J ISiinvilly, New York
J J Conn & wf, Nevada EDe Saisset, San Jose
F W Kerr, San Jose Mrs X J Kerr, San Jose
if A smith, Arcadia W W Walls, New York
C P S WuQin, N York W Palmtag. Hollister
I B Olive.-, Stockton M Simon, Placerville
Mrs P (' Blum, Chicago T H Burns, New York
(' Martin, Woodland ' IT P.rter, Sacramento
F it Bullock, New York C 11 Willis, at Paul
Mrs C J Cotton. St Louis 0 Woods, Denver
II BOSS, Salt Lake
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. »
C W Johnson, Oakland L E Davis, Healdsburg
C Edwards, Stockton PeatQuinn, Humboldt
W A Wells. Corvalils John Finger, Colorado
J Stapleton, Onterville E G Perkins, San Jose
II P Blackmail, Merced E E Keeley. Seattle
C R Page, Akron, Ohio G B Gross, Thetis
Ned Long, Yreka James Ryan, Denver
Peter Hartmnn, Chicago C Win Sprague, Saratoga
II E Dennis, NY A Burton, Marysville
'|'Itei]fep|
Mflt
A smart Broadway, New
York, druggist has
this sign hanging outsida
his store; it marks tha
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that ha
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trada
with a druggist that haa
such a motto as that.
f "Ik ** r Gibbon's Dispensary,
_fcflN_S.' il __?-?- V ST - Established
HniT Mai '". '*•** for the treatment of Private
fSL-_ikiß-f Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
■SSagßfigssffl J fas- wearing on bodyandmindand
.'" D'-eases. Tbedoctorcureswhen
«J£sSSag2| < >tl"-i'sf»ii. Try him. Charges low
yi'SMUBE-l aretgnaranl* c d. Callorwrit«_
Dr. J, ««. «_£____o_£ Box -937.Sa^StaM.
1314
SUFFRAGISTS IN COUNCIL
Over a Hundred Women Attend
the Regular Monthly
Gathering.
Susan B. Anthony Given a Reception
and in a Speech Offers Encourage
ment to Her Sisters.
The joint committee of the State Wo
men's Suffrage Association and the amend
ment committee, together with represen
tatives of the local and various county as
sociations, met in monthly session in
Golden Gate Hall yesterday afternoon.
The attendance numbered over a hun
dred. Mrs. A. A. Sargent presided.
Miss Susan B. Anthony made a short
address after the reports had been re
ceived from several of the county associa
tions offering suggestions as to the most
effective wav in which to conduct the cam
paign ior the striking out of the word
"male" in the eleventh amendment of
the State constitution.
The reports all indicated thatthe county
associations are waring a vigorous and
encouraging campaign.
The Women's Educational and Indus
trial Union gave a reception to Susan B.
Anthony last night at 7 Van Ness avenue.
There was a large attendance, of young
"" "Woman mostly, and everyone of those en
thusiasts evinced great interest in the pro
ceedings. The room- were decorated with
flow*
An enjoyable musical programme was
rendered, under the direction of Professor
and Mine. Roeckel.
Miss Anthony was greeted with a wav
ing of handkerchiefs and prolonged ap
plause. She discoursed about the dignity
Of honest iabor for women, maintaining it
was best for them to be able to eat the
bread of independence. A change had
come over men's minds with regard to the
women question, and in the near future
men would give to women all the rights
and privileges they now alone possess.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the san FranciscoCai.i^
-110 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay open until 9:30 o'clock.
539 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 l.arkir, street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
St~S.^ CROCKETT LODGE NO. ISO. F. ___
£>-£•' A- A. M. — Called meeting THIS g\\
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 P. m. 5.3. Bv'fJP
urder of the W. M. fV>
H.FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
\f^_S* - LODGE! NO. 169, F. *_ a
U-*> a. M. — Called meeting Tili~. __A\
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. "JS 5?
Second degree. By order of the W. M. />_?>
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
gyS= MOUNT MORIAH LODGE No •
-5--^^ 44. F. an.'. A. M.— Meeting Tills ff__
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:3o^y3T
o'clock. First degree. By order of the W. /v*
M. TH F.O. FROLICH, Secretary.
r^S=" TH OFFICERS AND MEM- T __mO___^.
>S>JSe, bers of San Francisco Lodge No. : _s^^^^_&
8, I. O. O. F., are hereby notified and : tssJ*3_*g?s
requested to attend the funeral of our -w^
late brother. .1. .'.. TRASK, at 11 a. m., WEDNES-
DAY, pril 15. from Fraternal Hall, Odd Fellows'
building, corner Market and Seventh sts.
J. M. TERKELSON, N. G.
!". V llfi'iKM IK. It - i
\\_C___f TO _HE OFFICERS AN DM KM- a
Cir-c/ bers of the Austrian Renevolent^**^^
(•OCiety. — You are hereby notified to a»-st<jes : A?
tend your regular meeting WEDNESDAY 3fr-^C-,
EVENING, Arril 15, its o'clock, at yonr w '
hall. 413 Sutter st. Each and every member is
requested to be present for important business and
distribution of tickets for our next picnic. By
order. M. SCANATICH, President. '
A nton k Conn icit. secretary.
{£-£=• THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
tB~dS" Bricklayers 1 Association will be held at
JVnai : nth Hail. 121 Kddy st., THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, April 15, at 8 o'clock. Busi-
licss of import
JOHN B. CAMPBELL. President.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
fty>^ BADITENANTM EJECTED FOB .54; i
Cr**? collection made, city or conntrv. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St.." room 6. Tel. 5580.
PAINTING,' TINTING. PAHER-HANG-
ti<y~ ing di i orating on installment plan. 317* _3d
» ~f WINDOWS cleaned and FLOORS
\r-£r scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
-f.mtice> i. urrnetei-.l c. ROSSI* CO.. 242 Sutter.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
[JS 5 DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND No!
™~-»' 30 (15 cents per share) of the Hutchinson
sugar Plantation will be payable at the oilice of
the company, 327 Markets:., on and after MON-
DAY, April 20.1896. Transfer books will close
Tuesday. April li, 1*96. at 3 o'clock r. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
py-sp> DIVIDEND NO; It UK NEVADA
»- E ' Bank of San Francisco. The Board of Direc-
tors of this tan,; have declared a dividend (No. 16)
lor the quarter ending March 31 at the rate of six
i"' percent per annum, payable on and after the
15th of April. Transfer-books will tie closed from
the 10. h to the 15th ins:, both days inclusive.
y D. li. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
s nn Krar.clsco. April 8. 1896.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-FKJIALK.
pOM PETENT.DANISH COOK AND LAUN-
\J"dress desires situation; best references: city or
country. MISS COLLEN, 323 Sutter st.
I ADII St SECURE FIRST-CLASS HELP
A- of all nationalities for city or country by call-
Ing or addressing MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
T? I RST-C ASS GERMAN COOK DESIRES
J situation; best reference; city orcountry. MISS
CULLEN, 323 - erst.
VLDERLY WOMAN WANTS PLACE TO DO
AA light work; small pay. Address S. L., box
109, all.
Gj ERMAN WOMAN WHO THOROUGHLY'
VT understands French and American cooking
end nil kinds of fancy baking wishes to go out by
the day or week in private families: reference
given. 1338 Sacramento st.
pIRL WANTS PLACE TO ASSIST WITH
VX light housework: wages $10 to $12. Address
LX-, box 23. Call Oflice.
EXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER WOULD
Au like a te. more engagements by theday; terms
$1 50. Address 216 Leavenworth st.
T>E LIABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
Jt the dry, washing, Ironing and cleaning. Please
_____' a f l*lress 430 Union st.
POSITION WANTED AS WETNURSE: BEST
X of references. Call or address 325 Fourth st.
Al I : >. LEHMHIf.v. GERMAN, WANTS WORK
_'- by the day: washing, ironing, housecleanlng.
2211 Powell st., lower floor.
WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
• I end bo • work or a* housekeeper; $10 to $12
month; no objection to country. 11l Twenty-sixth
hi., near Mission.
RIGHT YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN OF
good family desires a position as companion to
elderly I:.!.; best of references. Address A F
box 115, CallOaice. '
A' OUNG WOMAN >{']• BERWORK,
JL waiting on table or housework; good worker'
can sew. Call or address 227 Sixth st., room 6. '
Y OUNG MARRIED WOMAN WITH a CHILD
X wishes a position as housekeeper in bachelor's
or widower's family; no objection to children
Address F. C, ho.. 72, Call Otlice.
pOOD SEAMSTRESS WISHES PLACES TO
ij tew; works reasonable. Address Sewing, box
62, Call Office. *
U" 'OMAN WANTS LEANING OR
washing. 22 Herman st.
I ' IRL 17 YEARS OLD - WISHES POSITION
' i to care tor children: can instruct In music and
assist in studies. call 1711 Church st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS BITUA-
JL'J. t on to do light housework at small wages.
264% Tehama st.
COLORED WOMAN .NTS MENDING, OR
.' would go out by the -lay to clean house. Call
or address 211 Tliird st., rear.
IUUEKLV WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK,
111 small family; is strong and active: good
home more Of an object than wages. 314 Jessie st.
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
O girl for general housework and cooking. Call
2633 Post St.; no postals.
i iom PI_TEN MIDDLE- AGED WOMAN
\J wishes a situation to do general housework;
kind to children; city or short distance in country.
'-7 1 / _ Fourth st., over flower-store.
SCANDINAVIAN "5 1 "ill . WANTS A SITUA-
v~ tion to do general housework. Call or address
45 Sacramento st-
T^OOK— SITUATION WANTED A FIRST-
*./' class cook: thoroughly experienced, honest
and reliable, or do housework In small family; city
references. Address R. T., box 69, this oflice.
COMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
house-cleaning by the day; $1 day. 530 Eddy.
YOUNG GIRL WANTS PLACE AStHAM-
x bermaiil and seamstress; good reference. Call
or ire.-:- 2519 Post st.
YOUNG iiUil - WANTS A SITUATION TO
x take care of children. Inquire 720 Willow aye.
KESPECTABLE GERM AN- GIRL WISHES
aX to go out working by the day; is a good sewer.
Apply 15. Twentieth st. yyy^
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
I~^TrST^c£aSsTcOO K^wTCnTS A "' SITUATION,
-T no objection to large family, boarding-house or
institution: good references. Call or address 408
.McAllister st. . ■
SITUATION WAN BY A SWEDISH
O girl in small family for general housework:
sleep at home. Please call or address Hosedale
House, 319-321 Kllis St. - ~y
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
the day; washing, ironing, housecleanlng;
good worker. Call or address 419 Minna St., near
>ifth.
pOOK— WANTED BT A SWEDISH GIBI*; IS
v.' a rirst-cli cook; or would do general house-
work. Please address S. 8., box 72, Call Oilice.
I ' I DOW WITH ONE CHILD WANTS POSI-
' » tion as working housekeeper; city orcountry;
small wages: references. 1537 Mission st.
D"ress3Ta"keu AND SEAMSTRESS: fink
litter: sews 60c a day. M.C., box 98. this oilice.
WOMAN WANT-* WORK BT THE DAY;
»i washing, honing or housecleanlug. Call or
address 1906 a Mission St., near Fifteenth.
BY WOMAN TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work; no objection to short distance in coun-
try, Call or address 1169 Mission, room 7.
T) ESPECTABLK GIRL, FIRST-CLASS CHAM-
J- bermaid, wants situation: would go for light
housework in private family; willing and obliging;
go..*! reference: no objection to country- Please
call 22 Fifth st.
DM KS-M A X _ WISHES ENGAGEMENTS:
$1 'J5; cuts by tailor system; dresses made over;
children's also. Address P. M., box 101. Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY R ABLE MID-
-0 dle-aqed woman to do general housework; is
good cook and laundress: wages sf s to $8 a month.
Call or address 848 Folsom St.. near Fifth.
ViiTXU WOMAN WANTS A POSITION AS
1 housekeeper or plain cooking. Call or address
86 Ninth st.
1/ 1 l:sl - CLASS CHAMBERMAID WOULD
JD like position in hotel or lodging-house, or would
do housework in small family or widower's -amily:
city or county. Call or address 610 Clay St., 11 to
4 o'clock. *
MERICAN LADY WANTS HOUSEKEEP-
__V. er's place or work of any kind. 433 Jessie at.,
room 10. ■:■■-•', -•■-"'
\-OUNG GERMAN LADY WISHING TO OO
J- to Europe would like to assist lady or children
for her passage. Please call or address MISS L. L.,
436 Minna st.
OMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY,
'» house-leaning or laundress. Apply 43 Wil-
low aye. it. Polk st,
L" I IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WIsilES A
-T few more engagements by the day; terms
$1 25; no postals. Address 1623 Howard st.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
I do general housework or upstairs work. Ap-
ply at 17 Debon st., bet Sixteenth and Seventeenth,
Sanchez and Church; $15. ' y-
\-ot"N<y~w WISHES A POSITION AS
J. housekeeper. Call 10-0 Market st., room 20,
second iii>or.
} EXPERIENCED GIRL WISHES A POSITION
-i as seam stress and second work. Apply at 333
Eighteenth st.
T" AI > V WANTS ANY' [ND OF PLAIN SEW-
I ' ing, mending, clothes cleaned and pressed.
114 Fourth st., room IS.
yOl'Xli WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO GO OUT
1 house-cleaning by the day. 252 Tehama st.
W OMAN WANTS WORK OF ANY KIND BY
>1 day, week or month. Call 17 Elliott Park.
V OUNG WOMAN WITH a CHILD WANTS A
L place to do housework; city or country. Call
244 Minna St., upstairs. .
WANTED-SITU A I lON BY RESPECTABLE
'» girl to assist with light housework. Address
or call 1024 Washington st.
/COMPETENT SCOTCH GIRL DESIRES SEC-
V_ ond work and waiting: will also assist with
children or invalid; references. Address J. G.,
box 53, this oflice. ■'.-".V ■■:■■
/ ' ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
VT upstairs work; is good seamstress. Inquire
5 Rurritt st., oft Bush, near Stockton.
Wf ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
' » companion or nurse to lady; domesticated and
fond of children: salary secondary consideration.
Address E. 8., box 1, Call oflice. Oakland.
DRESSMA X" WOULD LIKE WORK BY"
the day or take sewing home; reasonable; ref-
erences. -'19 Golden Gate aye.
1 RELIABLE SWISS GIRL WANTS SITUA-
J\ tion to do general housework or upstairs work.
Call or adaress 431 Pine st.
Hoi EL HE LP— 2 VERY COMPETENT
XI used to work, will go to resort or city house at
reasonaDle remuneration: well recommended.
ELLA, 865 Broadway, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED SEAMSTRESS DESIRES
Xj plain sewing and mending; hours 1 to 5. 105
Stockton st., room 22.
VOUXO LADY WISHES ANY' LIGHT OCCU-
J- pation from 9 till 5 p. m. daily; can cut and fit
dresses; children's clothes made, etc. Apply 706
Ellis st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
" Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
81 50 to !J6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
COMPETENT MEN~FOr"aI.L KINDS~~OF
work, long or short job, furnished at once free
of charge by C. R. HANSEN <_ CO., 110 Geary st.
TT'IRST-CLASS ENGLISH BUTLER DESIRES
" situation; also French butler; best references;
city or country. Apply Miss CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
CUiINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
\_' help; established 20 years: telephone Main
1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE A.ND JAPAN-
ese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
C. G. COOK'-Tsoc. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. branches :shorl notice. 14(Jear.-. tel. Grant 46.
APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J oilice; best help. 41 4 2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
"yOUNG BOY LIVING WITH PARENTS
J- wishes a place as cash or errand boy; wages no
Object. Address O. li., box 93. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED AS COACHMaN BY'
O young single man from the East; Al refer-
ences. Address Y. (".. box 67. Call Office.
YOUNG MAN 25 WISHES A POSITION OF
1 any kind: small wages to staitwith. Address
Fr. H., box 75, Call office.
OBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WANTS SITU-
O ation as teamster, to take care of horses and
make himself useful; can milk; well acquainted
with city. Call or adaress 227 Sixth St., room 6.
QTEADY YOUNG MAN, ENGLISH, WITH
O good education and references, wishes situa-
tion. Address E. R.. box 81. Call office.
ARTENDER: WELL ACQUAINTED SOUTH
of Market: young, single man. Address W.,
box 53, this office.
ITUATION WANTED AS ASSISTANT
bookkeeper, stock or shipping clerk, driver of
delivery wagon or porter; good references ana long
city experience. Address H. E.. box 131, Call.
WO STRONG YOUNG GERMANS DESIRE
situation on farm, ranch or vineyard. G., box
6, Call Office, Oakland.
IDDLE-AGED MAN, SCOTCH. WANTS
place; understands cooking, housework, care of
stock and raising poultry; moderate pay. C. R. 8.,
Call Office, Oakland.
C"" OMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
wishes position in private place to take care of
i fine horse; good careful driver; also plain good
gardener: can milk: city or country; will make
himself generally useful: good references. Ad-
dress MATTHEW, box 57 Call Office.
WANTED — SITUATION AS GROOM OR
" coachman by Englishman; age 26; single;
first-class references; city or country. Address
H. 8., 265% Tehama st., city.
SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FIRST-
O class Eastern and San Francisco references
wishes situation as coachman and gardener. Ad-
| dress C. G., box 137, Call Office.
GOOD PAINTER AND DECORATOR FROM
*J the East wants a. situation: good in water or
oil. Address G. F., box 10, Call office.
\j\ ELECTRICIAN— UNDERSTANDS WIR-
IJ ing, dynamos, arc lamps; good references: col-
lege certificate. Address Dynamo, box 48, Call.
C COACHMAN AN I GARDENER OR MAN
J about place wants situation; handy with tools.
Address N. A., box 117, (.'all office. -yy-.
(HERMAN MAN WOULD LIKE To TAKE
VJ charge of a ranch; understands running gaso-
line engine and grain-separator; good butter-
roaker. Call or address A. H., 2135 Harrison st.
NGINEEIt WISHES SITUATION; UNDER-
stands machinery and electricity. Call or ad-
I dress E. L; GAGE, 1908b Mission at."
STEADY", RELIABLE YOUNG GERMAN (22)
wishes a situation; reference. Address T.
PETERSON. 821 Hampshire st., city.
] UOY DESIRES TO LEARN BARBER TRADE.
I 1 r Address R., box 33, this office.
PRACTICAL xl A BOKN Kit DESIRES A POSI-
A- Hon ii private family; can milk and care for
horses; city and country; references. Gardener,
box 162, thisoffi cc. :■:.■,:.
OTRONG YOU NO - WANTS SITUATION
O diiving wagon: is a good teamster and knows
city well. G. p., 21 Randall st.
TCI AN WANTS POSITION IN WINE BUSI-
-.'-1 ness: 14 years' experience. Apply 2816 Gold-
en Gate aye. • ;-'.-;,■ :..v
AN EASTERN YOUNG MAN, EXPERl-
enced in engine manufacturing, draughting I
and general office work, desires a position as an as-
sistant or manager in any honorable business
having a future for him, as he wishes to locate in
the West ; is willing to work hard. Address W. B.
box 110, Call Office.
BY A MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN. GEN
ally useful; good horseman; understands
gardening; can milk; city references: moderate
wages. Situation, Postoffice, North Temescal
Alameda County. '
1" EMPLOYMENT AT ANY TERMS AS DELIV-
ery-wagon driver, by thoroughly experienced,
reliable and temperate young man of good charac-
ter and references. Address D. W., box 99, Call.
MAN, 30. THO ROUGH LY'RIELIABLErNOT
'afraid of work, wants employment; writes a
good hand. Address N. N.. box 120, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GERMAN
in private place to take care of horses, garden
and cows: good driver; best of references. Ad-
Ureas J. DEaBMAXOBS, Kapa Cal,
;-. - -■■ i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
HEAD WAITRESS. CITY. $25: IT-
resses, water and summer resorts, $20; cook,
country hotel, If 25: German girl, with references,
for general housework, $20; German cook, $20:
German girl, general housework, city, $25; girls
for housework, city and country, $16 and $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
COOK, SMALL RES IAURA NT, $20, SLEEP
v^ home; laundress, country, s2s; laundress, city,
$25; cook, Oakdale, $30: Nevada $30; Oakland,
$25; Salinas, $20. and other towns; 20 housework
girls, city, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10
to $15. Miss CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
SECOND GIRL, COUNTRY', $20: NURSE, 2
0 grown children, $20; German second girl, $2 5;
refilled German chambermaid, $25. MIS.? CUL-
LEN. 323 Sutter st.
V>ROTESTA NT SECOND GIRL, $15, MARE
A Island; cook, American family, $30; cook, Ne-
vada, $30. Miss CULLEN, 323 sutler st.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH CoOK, $30. MISS
VJ CULLEN, 323 Sutler St.
KANCH COOK, COUNTRY, $20. MISS CL'L-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
COLORED NURSE, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN, COLUSA, $15, NO
wash, fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
\XT A NTED— SECOND. GIRL, 2 IN FAMILY,
" $20. see lady here at 9 to-day: colored girl
for housework, $20; 5 German. French and Pro-
testant second girls, $20 and $25; 3 cooks, $25;
waitress, restaurant. $5 week, and girls of all na-
tionalities for all kinds of work in city aud coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT <fe CO.. 312 Sutter st.
GERMAN CH AMBEa M A I D,~"520, ETC.; 2
head waitresses, city and country; 3 wait-
resses, city, $20. room, etc.; 2 waitresses, country,
see party in office 12 o'clock; 2 waitresses, $6 a
week. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market st.
*"> 100 RESTAURANT, CITY, $20: PASTRY
-_■ cook for institution, s2s; German cook for pri-
vate family, $25; French cook, private family $20;
German maid, $20; 2 second girls, $'_0 to $25;
German second girl, $25; 2 chambermaids, city,
$15; 5 girls for general housework. city, $15 tos2o;
2 waitresses, city, $15 to $20; 1 typewriter in In-
stitution: 3 uursegirls, $12 to $15: 4 houseworK
gins, country, $15, $20, $25, and 20 other places
open for first-class help. State Labor Bureau, 325
Sutter si., San Francisco, Cal. Telephone 5271,
Main.
sj EYERAL FIRST-CLASS LADY SOLICITORS
kJ are wanted to sell a very popular article; those
In the business are now clearing from $2 to $5 per
day; traveling expenses and hotel bills paid; sev-
eral ladies will travel together; best offer yet
made. Apply to United states Industrial Agency,
room 167. Crocker bnildiug; ladies holding our
certificates desiring this work can also apply.
THIRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS FOR PRIVATE
-T family : must have reference: wages $25. MISS
HICKEY. 1033 Post st., near Polk. "
HOUSEGIRL, ALAMEDA. $20: RANCH
cook; German housegirl, $25: 20 girls. MME.
LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton. y
APPRE STIC I IN MILLINERY-STORE. 692
ii McAllister st.
pi ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
\~X work; small family; no washing; $15. 1909
Yallejo St., near Octavia.
A PPitENTICE ON PANTS. 161 TEHAMA
_-X street.
~Fx IRL AS WAITRESS. 2T6~T0W N SEND,
* - near Third.
IRL, 16. TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
work. 1523 Golden Gate aye.
ANTED — B XPE RIENCED CHOCOLATE-
'» dippers at SARONI'S, 508 Front st.
pIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK. 827
V.J Golden Gate aye., upstairs.
L -1 CLASS HANDS ON LADIES' WaISTS
-T and wrappers. S. BTEUEK, 126 Eighth st.
WANTED— WETNURSE. APPLY, _ TO 3
" r. m.. 1018 suttei-st.
TTOUNXi GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; SMALL
1 family. 1032 Page st.
TliL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK IN
family of 3: references. 503 Capp st.
l M'ksk WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
'» Call or address 115!) Tenth -,!., Oakland, Cal.
•WANTED— GERMAN NURSEGIRL. APPLY' (
*' 2523 Pine st. |
VOI" NO - GIRL: GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
-L small family; plain cooking. 219 Broderick.
p I 111. FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
vJ" small family. 2735 California st.
CX IRL FOB HOUSEWORK AND MIND CHIL-
KX dren. 1309 Eddy.
GCRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. CALL
after 8 a. m. 1538 Ellis. ■
W AN GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK,
" small family. Apply 9to 12, 1628 Fell st.
YKAT GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST WITH i
--> housework. 709 Larkin.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
JL housework. 1924 Howard.
T." l 1 BST- CLASS AIST HANDS WANTED.
J 617 McAllister.
rfvAi lTTress~wanted on "custom COATS.
1 625 Eddy st.
1" EXPERIENCED COOK; ALSO YOUNG GIRL
A to take care of baby. Apply 738 Ellis st.
TAILORESS WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS.
A. 105 Turk st.
VOUXO GIRL 13 TO 15 YEARS OLD, AS
x cashier and assistant in office; experience not
necessary; we are placing every day our appli-
cants in positions and can refer to them in the
leading business bouses. Room 167, Crocker
building.
VTORTH-GERMAN GIRL FOR SECOND-
J.l work aud waiting: must sew well; references
required. Call 10 to 12, 1216 Geary St.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 3111
VX Fillmore St.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
x work; children: $8 per month. 1510 Vallejo
St., near Polk.
T ADY," INTELLIGENT AND HONEST, TO
1- superintend worKers for wholesale house; ex-
perience unnecessary; references. E. A., box 48.
Call Office. yy-yy ;-»..
* PPICENTICES ON CUSTOM COATS. 627
_:_- Natoma st.
EWERS ON LADIES* AND CHILDREN S
0 wear. 840 Market St., bet. Tenth and Eleventh.
/ iOOD HELP WANTED ON VESTS. 641
VJ Stevenson st.
HOUSE ______ PER WANTED: WIDOW PRE-
ferred. Address J. PETERS, SW. cor. Nine-
teenth and Shotwell sts.
I ADIES TAUGHT HAIRDRESSING, A N I .
A J curing, beauty culture; reasonable: agents
with small capital taught free. MRS. BUTLER,
131 Post st.
"Fx IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; SLEEP
VJT home. Apply 1827 Bush st.
iTy.NTED— WOMAN FOR HOUSEKEEPER.
»» Call at once 514 Bush st.
ERMAN GIRL WHO UNDERSTANDS
■stripping tobacco. Inquire 524 Sixth st.
TIHOROUGH DRESS CUTTIN GAND MAKING
1 taught: half the usual price. MRS. ft, _.
JONES, 506 Fell st.
"VIOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE^
i'l Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free 'bus to and from ferry.
HA 111 NO, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
- and eveclasses; 101esson8,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
1 JtESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
i J taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
VV INCHES! HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric tights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: fee bus to aud irom the ferry.
"APPRENTICE TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
-Y ting and making. 14 McAllister. rmso7 and 68.
MALE HELP WANTED^
BROILER FOR RESTAURANT; BESTAU-
rant butcher, $40; ironer to run Sinclair ma-
chine, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
UOItEMAN FOR MARBLE QUARRY', $3
-T day: butter-maker, $40; 3 milkers, same
ranch. $20; milker, $25; _ Swiss milkers for Ore-
gon, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
WANTED— SECOND COOK, COUNTRY HO-
" tel, $30; cook, small restaurant, city, $30,
room; dishwasner, small country hotel, see party
here, $15; and others. W. D. EWER A CO., 626
Clay st.
T l ' A NTKD-3 MEN TO PLOW IN VINE-
" yard, $19 50 per month and board; 2 Eastern
American farmhands, $20; Swiss or German
dairyman and wife, $55 and found; laborers,
farmers and others; coachman, $25. W. D. EWER I
Co., 626 Clay st.
km SAWMILL MEN, $26 AND BOARD; 5
--V/ roadmakers for the woods, *.0 and board; 6
tiemakers, good timber, 8, 9 an 1 10c a piece. R
T. WARD & co., 608 and 610 Clay st.
W A NTED- W A GON AND JOBBING BLACK-
»' smith. $2 50 a day; Swiss milker, $20; stage-
driver, $30; boy for vegetable garden, $10; chore
boy for ranch. $10; swampers, $20: miner, $2 60
to $2 75 a day; German baker, $30: Japanese
cook for hotel, $35; kitchen man and others An-
ply to J. F. CrtOSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
MAN CoOK, SMALL " RESTAURANT. OAK-
I'l land; $25. MISS CULLEN, 323-Sutter st.
W' ANTED — CLOTHING - SALKSM A N WHO
thoroughly understands dressing furnishing
good and clothing windows. Apply between 11
and 12, Thursday, April 16, 1896, at P. PERWIN
& BRO.'S, 21 Battery st., S. Jt.
W ANTED— MAN"TO RUN ST. CLAIR SHIRT
»" machine and do starched ironing, $30 per
month and found. Address JAMES CAMP, San
Luis Obispo, Cal.
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN FOR
retail tea and coffee route: | none but a man of
experience and security need apply. Apply X. V
X., box 5, Call Office, Oakland.
WANTED- A BOY ABOUT 17 YEARS OLD
"' io work in bookbindery. Address J. C, box
14, Call Office.
I" IRST-CLASS BARBER FOR WEDNESDAY ,
Saturday and Sunday. Apply 1602 Laguna st!
1," 1 1 ' I . I K NCED TAILOR WANTED; YOUNG
J man preferred. 200 Golden Gate aye.
G* COATMAKER WANTED. 42 EVERETT
I" street. ;
B~ U TC ER -PARTNER IN A DELICACY"-
store; $75. Apply Call Office.
OHOP BUTCHER WANTED. 3308 MISSION
O street. ; - ■■_ [
HELP WANTED-Continued.
10 Odd CORDS OF REDWOOD 4-FOOT
J VJ .\J\J\J wood to cut: $1 40 and 70c per cord.
MURRAY' & READY", 634 and 636 Clay st.
f 1 . I i? It X M AN FOR A RANCH: STEADY JOB;
V $20. MURRAY' & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
"1 Ci FARMERS, VINEYARD AND ORCHARD
AU hands; $15 to $25. MURRAY' & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH FOR A RANCH; $30 AND
found. M URHAY & A DY',634 and 636 Clay.
'?() sawmill laborers and other
f-VJ help. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
90 Roadmakers FOR WOODS. Murray
±-VJ A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
RO (\i\(\ REDWOOD TIES TO CUT, Be. 9c,
yVJ.xjxjyj 10c ' llc and 12c each; tools and food
furnished by company; see boss at our office.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
||) MEN t.i PICK STRAWBERRIES . AND
AVJ hoe plants. $15 and found. MURRAY' &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
<) RANCH TEAMSTERS, $20; SOUTH";
— steady job year round. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
C ll A RCOAITBURNER; STEADY JOB; $1 50
* ''ay and found. MURRAY & READY', 634
and 636 Clay st.
ri W'ViTl-RS, HOTELS, $25. $30 AND $35.
_ MURRAY READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
. . I , V, TKl ' COOKS. $25, $35. $40 AND $70.
U MURRAY' ARE ADY, 634 an 636 Clay st.
'-. DISH WASH IKS, $20; 3 VEG ETA BLEM EN,
«-» $15, and others. MURRAY' A READY, 634
and b36 Clay st.
( : EBMAN ORSCADINAVIANBOY TO HELP
va in a restaurant, $10 and found : no experience
necessary. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
'-_ WIRE-NAIL OPERATORS, $2 50 PAY.
*J MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
O IRONERS, $30 AND ~ FOUND; MARKER
— tor a laundry, $10 to $12 a week. MURRAY
& READY", 634 and 636 Clay St.
9 MILKERS, $20 AND FOUND. MURRAY' &
-> READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
/♦ LABORERS TO DIG PITCHES ON A 10,000
y acre ranch; dry work. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
11 ERSMAN, WHO CAN SLING A
AA sledge; breaking up old iron; if 3o and found;
city job. MURRAY A- READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
POOL-TENDER FOR WOODS. MURRAY' A
HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
V"EG ET A iTle" - GARDENER, FROM $20 TO
> $30 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
} EVERYBODY* WANTING WORK CALL AND
A see MURRAY' & READY', leading employ-
ment agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— STRONG BO Y. APPLY 1120 HO
' > ard st.
STRONG BOY TO DRIVE WAGON. W. S.
RAY' Manufacturing Company, 12 California.
fIOATMAKER FOR COUNTRY. APPLY
\J RElss BROS.. 24 Sutterst.
ANTE D-GOOD WAITER. 530 - TH I
" si ; call early.
iJOOTBLACK WANTED; none OTHER
!-> need apply. 37 Third st.
AC "K~W ANTED IN BARBER-SHOP.
--> 131 Ellis st.
SU OEMAKER WANTED ON MEN'S SHOES.
O 202 Fifth st.
BRIGHT BOY' TO LEARN THE PRINTING
business; apply at once. 8., box 12, Call.
"1 CC BARBER-SHOP FOB SALE; 2 CHAIRS.
XO Apply Castro and Jersey sts.
ANTE I BOTTOM " FINISHER. APPLY
at the Family shoe Factory, 1524 Market st. .
BARBERSHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING 3
chairs; $90; rent paid until Ist of May; on ac-
count of leaving the City. 81 V_ Fourth St.
i-'oR THE REST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
A meal try 13 1 '_ Grant aye. ; coffee a specialty.
OY' WHO "has some knowledge of
bookkeeping; salary $20 a month, with oppor-
tunity for advancement; we are supplying our ap-
plicants with positions daily in leading business
houses, and can refer to them. Room 107, Crocker
■ building.
BEST PLACE IN CITY SECOND-HAND
shoes: great reduction ou account of other busi-
ness. 129 sixth st. This business for sale.
p6 ATM A ERS WANTED! INQU 1211
VJ Clay st., Oakland.
1()|| MEN TO GET A FIRST-CLASS SHAVE
XvJKI free. Inquire 639 Kearny st.
M — AGNESIA— "WANTED A MAN WHO UN-
derstands manufacture of. HARKER, 26
Montgomery st., 12 to l.
Mush AND MILK, SOUP, PIE. PUDDING
_'l or fruit and two kinds of vegetables free with
j all our 10c meals. 639 Kearny st.
WANT A GOOD MAN WITH $50. HEO-
ARTY', 1004 Market St.
BA I . I. E R-S l l 01 ' AND HOUSEHOLD U RNl-
tnre for sale cheap. 1856 Howard st.
WANTED- EXPERIENCED BOY' TO SET
'» type; call early. Room 4, 432 Montgomery st.
1 All WANTED— PA RTNEK IN GOOD
»]I.±V/1_». paying business. STANLEY, 211,4
Third st. 7 "
UTANTED- YOUNG MAN FOR BAKERY IN
»» Oakland: good wages: must have $125 cash.
Apply JOHNSTON & CO., 26% Kearny st.
WANTED— AT ROOM 317. 328 MONTGOM-
" cry st., clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
A" GEN is WANTED TO SELL "OUR NATIVE
u\- Herbs" blood and liver remedy. Room 76, St.
Ann's building.
"L 1 x r i cf:d operators ON LADIES'
xj jackets and suits. DANNENBAUM, MUEL-
LER & KAHN, 723 Market St.. fourh floor.
MEN'S i,,siil.l.\i; 60c: I.AIHI. Toe; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace HoteL
"A*" ANTED A PRACTICAL FURNITURE
»' salesman; one with some knowledge of up-
holstery ana carpets preferred. Apply 523
Market st., room 7, from 3 to 6 P. M.
"VTF-W WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
J-' 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all nighu
\.• ANTED— UPHOLSTERY AND CAR-
'» pet salesman; none but those with practical
experience in a retail house need apply, call at
523 Market st., room 7, from 3 to 6 I*. m.
SAY. BOYS— TONY, 722 HOWARD, GIVES 8
0 eggs, mush, soup, coffee, 10c; a good square
meal for sc; give us a call.
T IVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY'
XA profitable proposition; accident, health and life
insurance. Call bet. 3 __ 5 p. m., or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
CviA IMA KKItS WANTED. APPLY AT fl
\J A. m. at Golden Gate aye. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 1212 to 1218
Market st.
B" EST IN CITY— SING * E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, 81 50 per week.
Pad House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
'HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
'» St.; 200 rooms: best In the city; single rooms
20 and 26c a night, 81 a week: meals 10c.
Wf LABORERS AND MECHANICS
''to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
1 MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
1 ' 'VI and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-"
inent secretary. CoNRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
BA RBERI — -FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. c. Hamann, 238 O'Farrell.
MEN'S BOLES, 50c; HEELS, 25c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny st.
\V ANTED— BOYS TO LEARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools and posi-
tions furnished; reasonable terms by calling this
week; catalogue mailed. San Francisco Barber
School, 1515 Howard St.
'; WE ARE SHOE" DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" your old shoes and make them as good as new,
| and with our new machines we can do your work
I at one-half the usual price; done while you wait,
i 562 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
KOSEDALE HOUSE. 321 ELLISST.; ROOMS
At 20c to 50c night; tl to $4 week: open all night.
\/j EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD:
jAT all grocers keep IU
"VI EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
-'A nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863V_ MARKET Sivl
- Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60a night; $1 to $?. week.
"!> ATTO'S LAW AND COLLECTION AGENCY"
At Prompt collections; references. 512 Montg'y.
\\f IN( ESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
'» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: fret* bus to and from ihe ferry.
AY ANTED— COLLECT WAGES DUE
' » laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sutter st. ,':".,
L" 1 REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
A also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
'PRY acme house, st-7 MARKET ST., be-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st-
AGENTS WANTED.
SALESMAN ON NEGLIGE SHIRTS: "side
line on commission. C. D., box 19, Call Oflice.
AN V ASS $2 PER DAY GUARANTEED.
V- Room 41. 14 McAllister st.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
/bNTED^IJ^SE^^^WA^NTcHTAP"
»» express or delivery. P., box 131, this otlice.
VL' ANTED— A NICE STANDARD MAKE
*" right piano; must be cheap. Address box
122, this oflice.
ELL YOUR - books, CLOTHING AND jew
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postaL
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION
pONTIN N BUILDING AND LOAN AS-
VJ soclation— Home office, 222 Pansome st., S. F.
General savings loan business. Ed. E. Hill, Pres.;
j Oliver Eldridije, V-Pr.: W. corbin. Sec. it, Gea.Maa.
. . •- ...._■- ■ ■•
PERSONALS.
Young MAN. AGE 22yfo\Sl^~lA^EyVO
meet Eastern service girl: object matrimony.
Address M. H., box 108, Call Office.
CHESTNUT— SEND - TO FRANK;
will join you; old address: confidential.
A CUBE FOR TAPE" WORM-PROFESSOR
J\ R.. SHIPLEY", worm-specialist. 906 Market
street, San Francisco, has cured 1800 tape- worms
In past 14 years here: write for circulars of symp-
toms: consultation free; medicine sent by express
C. o. P. ■
R. F. PANCOAST, DENTIST. REMOVED
from Phelan building to 6 O'Farrell st., corner
Grant, aye.
"VTICE SUNNY' HOUSE; 5 ROOMS, BATH;
Al $300; half cash; bal. roomed out. 402 Geary.
IG OUTDOOR STEBEOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
•ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPeT
clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
\\T ILL TTV A LENT 1 N M ANT TAILOR,
"' removed from 9 Powell st. to 616 Geary st.
0 FOLLOW THE STYLES IN HAIRDRESS-
ing some people must call to their aid switches.
I have them in all colors ?nd all grades; good ones,
75c ana $1 hatrdresslDg 25c. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st.
\f AUD— COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
l'l Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 SuttT st., phone main 49. SAM.
TiR. FRANK WALL. REMOVED FROM
XJ 227 Geary to V.M.C.A. bldg,r. 2, tel. main 5477.
INFORMATION WANTED-THE ADDRESS
or information of ALICE ALLISON (or Kir-
LISON); maidsn name ALICE DROOl.; last heard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address D. BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, Cal.
LECTRIC LIGHTS INEVERY' ROOM— WlN-
chester House;, 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
V- ASH CORDS, 25c EACH; CARPENTERING
0 at lowest rates. ALBERTSON. 41*/_ Eddyst.
THE LATE MADAM C. ANTIONIA FACE
cream and dandruff eradicator. Sold only at
room 202, Spreckels building, 927 Market.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOB VERMONT
Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
rpRYTUSCAN SPRING MINERAL SALT FOR
A catarrh. 132 Sixth st., room 2. \
HEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
V_) for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
1} ARLINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
- and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes; instructors. J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, R.L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine
THE ECONOMY"' MILLINERY. RED FRONT.
1- 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c
ANN LM NT OF MARRIAGE AND DI-
vorce: legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F.
NAMELED LETTERS MADE ONLY'
at 210 steiner st.; others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing Company.
Cj 1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANEDON THE
VUJ X floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
I (100 CARDS, l BO; SHOW CARDS, 15c:
AA'UU tel. Black 141. HILL 22 Geary st., r. 39.
I ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
XJ superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market St.
BOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER:
Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy. SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter sU
IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
-I elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
a escape's AND SUITS RETAILED AT
) mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome st.. upstairs.
CHEAPEST AND REST IN AMERICA— THE
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING— DBESSES S3 LAWNS
$1 up; wrappers 35c up. 50534 Natoma st.,
near Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
C AC AND $1. SOrb-NTTsE
OVJ REMOVED TO 1007 MARKET ST.
PROF". C. F. LEON.
Wonderful power: gives advice on business, specu-
lation, love, marriage, divorce, etc.; letters with
stamps answered; hours 9 to 8: also Sunday.
ETUBNED— M ME. DR. ATLA N T A ,
XX world-renowned business and test medium;
tells from cradle to grave; reveals every
hidden mystery; gives advice on love, mar-
riage and all affairs; she has no eoual;
before going on a journey or into business call on
the gifted lady: locates mines and burled treasure;
removes evil Influences; cures all diseases; all
should seek her counsel; hours. 9 a. m. to 8 P. «_.;
open Sundays. 1055 Market St., opp. Hibernia
Bank.
EST CARD READER AND PALMIST;
ladles and gents, 25c. 206 Fourth st.
RSTb - AUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ZANZIC, RELIABLE MEDIUM, CLAIR-
X voyanl and palmist. ±*arlors 315 Ellis st.
"\|ME. EXODIUS, CLAIRVOYANT, RE-
-i-VL moved to 1003 Mission, nr. Sixth: fee 50c.
ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ME.MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM ; REVEALS
past, present and future ;26c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. ARNDT, best FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the nictureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladle* or gents 60c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
VI ME. PR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
-Jl er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy: mistake im-
possible: fee gl ; letter .$2. 929 Post nr. Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
lONELLA— ONE OF tTTfTjIOST WON PER-
J fill mediums of the age; just from the East;
she created a sensation East and also in Europe
through her mediumship: all are invited to call;
she remains with you but a short time; do not re-
main in darkness, but seek the liirht of truth; wis-
dom Is power. 318 Kearny st., room 18.
ADDIE SWAIN. ASTRAL SEER AND
J\. psychic, Is at the St. James Hotel, San Jose;
sittings daily.
i:OPLE'S SPIRITUALISTIC MEETING, 8
p. M.; speaking, tests, good music 111 Larkm.
SEE BIS HOP,- GA BIS N. PHYSICAL
seance at 528 Golden Gate avenue; 15 cents.
BOF. JOHNSON, 821 MISSION ST., MEDIUM
and magnetic healer, can be consulted on all
business affairs daily: readings 50c and $1; otlice
hours 9a.m.t08 r. m. \ -:.: ..;, \
YPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY" (SUN-
days Included) : 25c up. 946 Mission; hrs 10 to 9.
D IT RN BD, WORLD-RF.NOWXF-D M M if.
IX SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
RS! J! J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
LOST.
t OST — EBONY CANE; gouT^iani^lle:
lv name W. F. AY'RF_S engraved on handle. Re-
turn to 899 Noe st. or 325 Montgomery, room 29,
and receive reward.
UG DOG; SUNDAY EVENING; LARGE;
light in color; answers name Tiger; liberal re-
ward. Return to 616 Eddy st.
OST— PU RS ii!" ON AIN OR BOAT, SUN-
day morning. 1345 Broadway, Alameda.
FOUND.
J7OUNP— A ""'d'eERHOUND. 901 EAST ST.,
C cor. Filbert.
b HORSES.
FIRST-CLASS SADDLE AND HARNESS
horse for sale at 2412 Gough st.
FF'ER WANTED— YOUNG HORSE; DRIVES
single or double: cheap. 935 Shotwell st.
ORSE MARKET, 426 VALENCIA ST.;
just received from F;. W. Jones, Sheriff of
Colusa County, 25 head of good work and driving
horses, weighing up to 1500 pounds; to be sold
cheap. J. D. FORRF.STER, salesman.
Af\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
iVJ buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. .-■; '
1 Ail SETS second-hand harness; all
lv" kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
IF YOU " WAN - TO BUY', SFJLL OR EX-
i. change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. 8. WATKINS, auctioneer. ■
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagons, buggies and harness.
1 Cfk SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
XOvJ ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
DR. C H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY* SUR-
geon for 8. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hal! aye.: telephone south 401.
WAGON'S AND CARRIAGES. ~~ '""
Wf ANTED - SECOND • HAND 1- HORSE
»* truck. Send price to W. S. RAY MFG. CO.,
12 California st. ■ ■
- . . — - — — TTt
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW. ~
A"" DVIC R I) LAWsTsPECI-
aIty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, 1 collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
M*J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY'- AT-L AW. 719
. Market St.; advice free.
rjVJ. MURRAY. All" ANP COUNSELOR AT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
Wf W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNE Y-A l'-LAW, 420
IT. . California st., rooms 14 and 15; advice tree.
I BUSINESS CHANCES.
"NOTICE TO BUYERS AND SELLERS-THE
AY old well-known and reliable office of GEO.
STEWART, general real estate and business
agent, formerly of 632 Market St., has resumed
business at 602 Market st., Crocker building,
downstairs; business opportunities, lodging-
houses, city and country real estate, bought, sold
and exchanged: partnerships negotiated, etc.
IS"] £.00 REST Al' RANI. OYSTER-HOUSE:
<s)XO\Jvj. old-established place; first-class run-
ning order: daily receipts $65 to $70; present
owner 3 years; full Investigation; will exchange
for city real estate. BTEN BERG CO., 632 Market.
fPEAMSTERsT ATTENTION — EXPRESS
1 transfer company: has the cream of trade be-
tween this city and Oakland; clears $300 per
month over; proprietor owns his own property,
barns, offices, storages, etc.: one of the nicest,
cleanest and steadiest businesses in this state;
making sure Income; grand opoortunitv for some
active man. STENBERG, 632 Market' st.
\»r ANTED — STEADY', ACTIVE MAN FOB
>> laundry route; established 8 years: first-class
horse and wagon guaranteed to clear $90 to $125
a month; $350 required. STENBERG A CO., 632
Market st. ■'.':-'
©O7K RESTAURANT; BEST LOCATION:
%?--' i O. good stock, fixtures: established many
years; business Speaks for Itself; sacrificed this
day; make offer. S'l'i-.N BFTIG A CO., 632 Market.
ffi;"! 'A PARTNER WANTED IN GOOD PAY'-
rjpXOVJ. ing business. STANLEY, 21% Third.
I_tARTNER: GOOD PAYING BUSINESS: $20
A to $25 each weekly; no experience required;
trial given. STANLEY', 21% Third st.
•Js-l^O BESTAUBANT WORTH $850; FINE
<ID-o"i location: good, steady, profitable trade;
a snap; to see Is to buy. STANLEY", 21 1 Third.
(&] rfp. RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION:
if? X I O. low rent; receiptssll per day; can be
doubled: great bargain. STANLEY, 21% Third.
"VTOTICE —TO SELL >UR~ BUSINESS
AY promptly for cash. HEALY' A- CO.. 23 Kearny.
ft TOO RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA-
♦_ I UU. loon; vicinity of City Hall: business
$26 per day ; trial given. HEaLY, 23 Kearny st.
ft -IP. A PARTNER AN ED — Al CASH
__«IU. business, clearing to each $75 per
month: no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
Q»l rr_ PARTNER IN RESTAURANT AND
xfjX 1 O. coffee-house to attend cash counter;
business of $25 per day. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
ft 900 CIGAR STORE; CLUB AND LIVING-
«JP«_*UU. rooms, furniture included; selling on
account of other business. HEALY", 23 Hearny.
mo BUY, SELL OB EXCHANGE: A BUSINESS
X of any kind see STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
ft 300 BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY-
«JpOUU. store: splendid location; 4 living-
rooms: rent $10; good trade. STRAND A CO.,
45 third st. ; : - •',•,:.
/ ,-A PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-
«JpUtJU. class corner saloon on best part of
Kearny st.; will clear from $75 to $100 per month
apiece; one of the present owners going into other
large business: no experience required as remain-
ing partner will teach you the business: he is a
well-known and thoroughly reliable man; this is
the chance of a lifetime for a steady, sober man:
do not miss It. STRAND A CO.. 45 Third st.
ft^O GROCERY AND BAR; 6 ROOMS;
*\pOO\J. cheap rent: pays well; good place for
manand wife. STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
RESTAURANT DOING A TRADE OF 86 A
It day and clearing $100 a month: trial allowed
before baying; best reason for selling; price rea-
sonable. STRAND A CO.. 45 Third st.
ftO^O FRUIT, lONS. CANDY', ICE-
Vi)oO\J. cream and coffee parlor; opp. Golden
Gate Park: building included: pays well; full
value: old-established. STRAND A CO., 46 Third.
$Z*J ''a( I WANTED — STEADY MAN AS
'_, I—IOVJ.1 — lOVJ. partner in cash commission nusiness;
Will clear at least $75 per month to each; estab-
lished over 10 years: experience not necessary;
thorough investigation allowed; no night or Sun-
day work. STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
ft 1 'J^rt - SALOON AND RESTAURANT;
«ip li-UU. clears $150 per month. STRAND A
CO., 45 Third st.
QQA NOTIONS, CIGARS, BRANCH BAK-
ttpOU. cry; snap. STANLEY, 21% Third st.
ft! JOO CORNER GROCERY': I:<' 1- I ITS
tjp 1 lUU. $1300 month; lull value In stock and
fixtures; rent $40; rooms. BARRE IT A SKIFF,
921 Market st.
CI9X B. BAKERY; 4 FURNISHED ROOMS.
C A — U. BARRETT-SKIFF, 921 Market st
fi C. HICKOK & CO., 873% MARKET ST.,
VJ . handle all kind of business chances; real es-
tate. Insurance and money to loan.
$A A A CANDY"- AND FACTORY;
<P 'tUW. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ft f. I i A RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION";
(jt/UUU. DECKER, 10.0 Market st.
QQ J^_ SALOON ON MARKET STREET,
<D»J» I O. near Fifth; low rent: have satisfactory
reason for selling. Apply between 11 a. m. and 2
p.' M. to L." SCHEIK, 200 Hyde st.
<{{» I (\ S FINE B CORNER GROCERY" AND
(Ji/UU. bar; good portion of Mission; living-
rooms; value in sight for price asked: good horse
and wagon: does excellent paying business; fullest
investigation allowed. M. LF;ss & CO., 783%
Market st.
OgOKj ) PARTNER; PAYING CHOPHOUSE:
tJP^itSl'. reason, must run nights. Owner, box
8, call Office.
ftQOO CORNER AND BAR WITH j
WOVJVJ. living-rooms: full value in stock; rent
$25: kept by present owner 8 years. Inquire 533
California St.. Phoenix Bar.
Bl -CHER'S B I ESS~FOR SALE. APPLY'
JONAs' market, 1108 Mission st.
A~~ SNAP FOR THE RIGHT PARTY'— SALOON
and restaurant, including building: good-pay-
ing business; 7 years' lease on lot; for $1200. In-
quire at Willows Brewery, cor. Mission and Nine-
teenth sts., city.
WANTED— PARTNER IN - RESTAURANT
»» ana bar; new place; finely fitted up; at trans-
fer point; 4 roads: run night and day; too much
for one. Address B-, box 82, Call Office.
ft 700 SALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE:;
«JP 1 VIVI. rent $35; close to California and Mont-
gomery 3ts.; good paying. Call 533 California st.,
St., Phcenix Bar.
ft^.oo WANTED RELIABLE MAN AS
UUU. partner; business will pay $300 month
to each net ; can't handle It alone. Address F. W .
box 109, Call Office. .yy
RARE CHANCE — will sell half or
whole Interest In a well-established seed and
florist business in Oakland; will bear investiga-
tion. Address W. J., Call Office, Oakland.
TF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY' A BUSI-
X ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ft '-i( lO NICfiI SALOON ON CLAY ST. DOING
xfP OVvf. good business; lunch counter: worth
twice amount. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ft 1. 00 BESTAUBANT AND BAKERY;
tpUUU. good lev-tit ion: doing $20 a day; must
sell at once; big bargain. PIERCE, 22 Kearny st.
ALOON; GOOD CENTRAL LOCATION. AD-
-0 dress P. S., box 67, Call Office.
CI I ANCE FOR SMART WOMAN; SWELL
boarding-house; fine appearing eard»n; choice;
Central; owner board. Add. Choice, box 1, Call.
ftpf^O PARTNER IN-WHOLESALE AND
UUU. retail liquor-store with large store and
outside trade; rare opportunity. Inquire 633 Cali-
fornia st., Phoenix Bar.
OOD-PAYING RESTAURANT, 2 BLOCKS
VJ" north of Market st,, for sale at a very reason-
able price; cheap rent. Inquire 333 Bush st.
b'll'H' I RY AND BAR; BEST PART OF the
VX Mission; no reasonable offer refused. Address
W., box 68, this office.
Q;7C PARTNER IN PORK, SAUSAGES and
ty l O. delicacies store with route. 335 Fourth st.
Cj'lXA SAMPLE-ROOM CLOSE TOJCABLE-
»4P^»JU. house and transfer point; 2 blocks from
.Market; rent $18. Call 533 California st», Phcenix
Bar.
ftP\oo AND $30 ° WILL VELD $10 AND «5
tS>O\JVJ per day: genuine. E.. box 5, Call Office.
-LOR SALE— COFFEE AND LUNCH-COUN-
X ter. Call 916 Kearny st. after 6P. M.
Y>API-R ROUTE FO* SALE; IN SPLENDID
X location. Apply Route, box 82, Call Office.
ft 1 f. 000 LARGEST AND BEST PA VING
(JIt'.UUU, beer grotto and restaurant; cream
of trade; monthly profits of $1000 guaranteed-
books open. Address W., 1148 Suiter st.
I)EL IA ISLE PARTNER AS CASHIER COF-
X\> fee and chop house: safe Investment: good
wages guaranteed; $350 required. STENBERG
1 CO., 632 Market.
CALIFORNIA SAVING AND LOAN SOCIETY
vy books bought for cash. X., box 75, Call Office.
ALHAMBRA MINERAL SPRINGS, TO
rent, 109 acres of land: 17 rooms, unfurnished,
baths, beautiful location, 5 miles from Martinez
rent $25 per mouth. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal!
MARTINEZ HOTEL TO RENT; TERMS
reasonable; 5b rooms; in good order. D T
WEST. Martinez, Cal. / .-'
I^l^E, "WELL-PAYING INFANTS' AND
A ladles' underwear manufactory; in fine locality
""5 '""S established; doing a big business: price
$3500: best business in the state for the money.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. _"-uey.
ft 1 PLA BUTCHER-SHOP; FINE TRADE-
<4P±UU. Rood locality; Investigate this If you
want a good paying business: bargain; worth
uouble amount asked. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye. - J
$995 11 ANIU DELICACY store.
<tp*-__it_». with 3 sunny rooms: centrally located
on Geary at. C. C. HICKOK A CO., 873% Mark...
TT-OR SALE-FINE SALOON WITH LARGE
Abasement in busiest portion of Market st.:
doing immense business; best reasons for selling!
A n U r e B7%_iA,- " I(KI,K * C 0.," Real Estate
Agents, 873% Market st.
f ft9f)o KKSTAUBANT A BAKERY; BAR-
tjp-^ow. gain; good reason forselling. 917 Mission
$150 -GOO^AYING RESTAURANT: A
-__-_V_— ___ - E.JHKGARTY'.IOO. Market,
ffifiOO ? AKERY FOR SALE: STEADY
"i ,uv , business and good trade; owner leaving
city; clearing $100 a week: al store trade; living-
rooms. Apply at once at the Call Office.
POR SALE-A SALOON CHEAP; 4 ROOMS;
A rent $2-; leaving city. Apply at Call Office.
ft! (10 OME BAKERY' IN CENTER OF
<IPA"V7. city; large oven; rent $10. Apply Call.
<&"1 90 BUYS a BUTCHER-SHOP: PROFIT
**?.,.** $30 week: expenses very small; profits
will Increase 50 per cent when meats reduce at
wholesale; thorough Investigation allowed. T. A.,
box 79, Call.
i^X ROCERY AND SALOON— MUST BE SOLD;
VJ a bargain. Call at 332 Main sU
I BUSINESS CHANCKS-ContinnetU^
1 ffifO^H BUTCHER-SHOP: OLD fSTAH-
ifc«"3OU. lisbed: 2 horses; wagons- receipts $10
to $25 daily; cheap rent; a sacrifice. JO__.>-
tSTON, 26% Kearny st. ._ __.
117 ANTED- STEADY MAN AS PARTNER IN
»> paying wood and coal yard; must have »iw
cash. JOHNSTON. 26% Kearny st.
— OCA PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS;
_iOU. established over 10 years; guaranteed
to clear «20 weekly to each. 26% Kearny st. ,
IV ELL-PAYING DOWNTOWN CORNER
V> saloon; must be sold this week at a great bar-
gain. Inquire LEMLE & CO., 265 Third st.
R'~ ARK BARGAIN-WELL-PAYING SALOON:
fine location: -Investigate. 209 Ellis, nr. Mason.
AOCA OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNI-R SA-
<Jp__iOU. loon, with rooms; cheap rent. 4-9
Fourth st. ,
Tor sale OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY
X property, homestead relinquishment: irrigated
land; all level; in Kern County. Address X., box
107, Call Office.
OYSI ER AND CHOP HOUSE CHEAP. MAKE
offer to owner, 26% Kearny st., room A
rnArLOB-STOBE, WITH GOOD TRADE, AT A
1 bargain. 1213 Polk st.
IV EN AWAY ? FINE RESTAURANT: GOOD
VJT business; account departure. 303i /2 Third su_
17IOR SALE - a'guOD-PAYING ( ANDY
' store: established 12 years; locality ; long
lease; clearing ove^ $100 a month: rare chance for
moderate investment: full Investigation allowed.
See owner at 22 Sixth st.
a* 1 l\f\ DAIRY; BEsT LOCATION: OWNER
Sp ±UU. going East. Inquire at oyster stand,
Montgomery Market. 707 Market st.
l?OB SALE-CIGAR SHOP AND BARBER
JT shop: $150. 1125 Market st. .
OAKERY FOR SALE, ALSO WAGON; LOW
It rent. Inquire this office.
AIR BUSINESS FOR SALE: NEAR BALD-
win Hotel. Address H., box 105, Call.
ROCERY'; 8 ROOMS UPSTAIRS: NEAR
r Market; low rent; good stock. Apply Call.
LADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER
with $75; paying proposition. 12 Mason, rm. J.
G' OOD PAPER ROUTE IN OAKLAND FOB
sale. Address W., box 8, Call Oflice, Oakland.
FURNITU RE AND STORAGE:
good business: great bargain. 414 McAllister.
TjlOß SALE OR TO LET — THE BEST-LO-
X cated billiard-saloon in the city: next to the
Orpheum: low rent to a good tenant. ______________
7"A PARTNER TO TAKE ONE-THIRD
i (JU. interest in established firm of manu-
facturers; agents handling Eastern agencies: the
above amount to be invested In the business for
the purpose of developing it: will stand the most
rigid investigation: references. Dun or Bradstreet:
would prefer one who has had experience as a
salesman. ROBINSON, 4lh floor, 933 Market St..
9 to 10, 1 to 2, 4 to 6.
I HAVE THE BEST PAYING SALOON AND
A chophouse and lodging-house in the liveliest
town in California; 1 will sell all or take a partner:
J can give good references. Call at CHAIX A
BERNARD, 207 Sixth St.. S. F., Sunday or Mon-
day for Information.
INTEBIOB AGENCY OF THIS PAPER FOR
A sale; nets $175 per month; good chance for
right party. Apply Call Office.
APER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH-
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought,
cheap, and chances for Increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A A-BOOM LODGING-HOUBE.
*±4: price: $700— WORTH $2000.
19-room house on Sutterst.; payments $1100
12-room house on Mason st 275
20 rooms on Fourth st., only 600
16.roomson Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market st i 2500
H. C. DECKFUt, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
TVTOTICE— IOO LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE
II from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
ft9oo GRAND OPPORTUNITY; BOARD-
♦Jp—V/V/. ing and lodging house.lo rooms, for sale
on account of sic-cness; must sell in 2 days. Six-
teenth and F'oisoni sts., grocery.
T7>- ROOM HOUSE: ALL " FULL: 152 FIFTH
ID st.; $175; through sickness.
"I" ODGING-HOUSE OF 21 ROOMS SALE.
■I J 632 Mission st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
GrTorTBUYS^ NNY^LATboF^Vb-tOOMS;
•J}_-.__U central location. 73 E'ourth St.
ipURNITURF. OF FIVE ROOMS FOR SALE
X cheap. 24 Mary st., off Mission, bet. Fifth and
Sixth.
G. KRASKY', FURNITURE AND BFJD-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission.
1/MRE SALE I
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such timo we are conducting bnsines.
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN.
.100 CARPETS; CHAMBER SETs! $11;
lUU stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed- ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th,
A BOOMS FURNITURE, NEW $75
a Bedlounges trimmed with plush 9850
Brussels Carpet, laid '. 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40c uo
Window shades ln 5 colors 25c up
SHIREK A SHIREK. 747 Market St., opposite
(-rant avenue: no branch stores.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Q • BAScTTT~i«n~~^TfTI^
tO« ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUY s"~ " YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 761.
TV" ANTED - SECOND-HAND FURNITURFJ
" for country : pay good price. 7 City Hal' aye.
ALL ON J. C- M UTHEB, 521 KEARNY', IF
' you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOBE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st.
— --_— -_-_-—----^ _______
CARPET CLEANING.
vimiel^^u'bf-comf: Disc; Is ted with
" poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
CIONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 333
I Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
Ing Works. TeL So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
IT V STEAM CARPET CLEA NING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
BEAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET- BAT-
ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard..
G. GF:ORGE,office 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 26A
CARPETS CLEANED, 80 PER YARD; BE*
laid. 5c per yard. S. STRATTON, 19 Eighth.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth: teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH ACQ., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN CO., 2411
. 14th st.: cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING ANDRES-
. grating works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 22SL
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
TT'OR SALE OR RENT, CHEAP— A' COMM O-
X .lions houseboat; will be moored at Belvedere
or Sausalito. Address "Ark," box 57, Call Office.
; THRESH, THOROUGHBRED HOLBTEIN COW
' X for sale. 421 Eighth aye.. near Point Lobos.
FOR SALE— LADY S SIDE SADDLE. MRS.
E. M. STUART, 1006 Clay st.
CHENT OE' CARPENTER'S TOOLS CHEAP.
7 23 Dearborn st., off Eighteenth, near Valencia.
-rpo LOVERS OF THE ANTIQUE— VERY' OLD
A and elegant fernleaf mahogany lounge; very
rich and choice. Apply 913 Polk, near Geary.
T. OITsALE— ARK 19 FEET BY 32 FEET, 13
X feet high; now lying at Alice-st. bridge, Oak-
land Creek. Apply on board.
"LTOR SALE— GOOD FEATHER BED AND
J folding-bed. 705 Larkin st.
PAINTER'S FALLS FOR SALE. APPIY 11
Folsom aye. < ■-,
REAT DANE DOG, MALE, 14 MONTHS
old. 908 Broadway, city; $30.
5 HORSE-POWER GOLDEN GATE GAS EN.
gine for sate. Inquire 820 Kearny st.
1/.CQ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 1 UNFUR-
II7«Jt/ nished front room; running water. ->
Several" SFJCOND-HAND TANDEMS AND
safeties at extremely low prices. 328 McAllister.
I - ADY'B NEW SEALSKIN FOR HALF ORIGI-
Xv nal cost at UN CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
Y'NAMO ENGINE, BOILER AND A LOT OF
tools, cheap. 516 Mission. .: v ■;
ABY' CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURN I.
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
LING bicycle! built like I
watch; terms easy. D. N. HAWLEY", 318 Mkt.
PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
bitters in market: buy your wines, liquors, etc,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults; free delivery city, Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN & SCIIURMANN,
prop., 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES*
It doors, mantels, etc.. ,r sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 1 09, 11l Market st_
1p IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETT
press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
TVTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN second^
AX hand. W. & RAY Mfg Co., 12 California su
COUNTERS, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
bon-lit and sold. 1121% Market beu7thaadHt-i
_,_■ BICYCLES. — — —
ark CYCLER Y-nITw~W^EE~Ls"t6 IET;
beat accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
lister and Poweh st. car lines.
' _ SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired ; lowest rates. -05 iourtta st,HOUSES TO LET.
-. . HOUSE ii 1 .Alt-.:-. ROOMS AND YARD.
,*> 1' » . 9 1 " Treat ay,-. I
. f6r^F""TO — LET-RENT $40: 1714 O'FAR-
J { re; st.; 9 rooms aud batb. Apply 2 to 4 p. M.
:f7 i o~NT\K TEENTH -II O* " SE FIVE BOOMS;
I ( I, ) t'.th; basemen! : rent $15.
H* OUSE. , I- , »BOOM-.; MODERN IMPROVE-
m ,nt- '■'-' 8 Leavenworth St.; desirable lo-
•alion: rent reasonable.
■ oT'^K OF i ROOMS. 73 FEDERAL ST.,
Jl otf second, between Bryant and Brannan:
rent iced: $13; water tree. Apply 515 Secodd.
ru .- 1707 POWELL ST., OPPOSITE UNION
{* I . '■ . square— lo rooms and bath; large yard;
sun in every room: well adapted for a club. ASH-
TON 4jj A R I'NElt, 4 1 1 Montgomery st.
-./-,, 913 GOLDEN GATE AYE., OFF. .TEF-
JyOU. ferson Square, 17 rooms and bath: larze
v:;rd: newly papered and painted. ASHTON A
OARI x ' K. 41* Montgomery st.
O I 1 i IAAIi > ABOVE VAN NESS — SUNNY
, M "i house; 7 rooms: modern improvements.
...lv, S~ ROOMS: LA ROE SUNNY~ Y'ABd!
• "— O. 2527 Pine St.. near scott: see it.
i\ i; KENT MANY ItOUSF-S BECAUSE WE
t» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
M< 'ND. l'» '-ornery st.
IT BNISHED HOUSES;
RENT— DURING S BUMMER; MONTHS
X furnished house of 9 rooms; all modern im-
provements; locaied J miles from San Jose: elec-
tric cais pass ii;*- door. For particuiars address
box 35, San Jose Mercury Oilice.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Till -! ■ * -c.-| TAiiE; LACKEI",
Grove; Boss Y'alley. Apply 164 Golden Gate ay.
,-•)•' "n _25"SECOND »-T.;i7 BOOMS AND
ijJj&.OvJ. _atii; nice yard. NICOL, b.-.4'_.
c 'atifornia st
£H NNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS ;
O t ath: basement and yard. Corner Dolores and
Fifteenth sts."- -
FO *;n [SHED FLATS.
QUNNY UANDSOMEL. l-"l" KNISHED FLO 'it
oof 4 rooms, bath. etc. suitable for family or
1 hvslclan : reasonable. 913 Pol k .- .. near Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
O M O D F. Rn" SU N N VF L -.s ON * _FF~otT
O net. Mission ancl Howard, Twenty -second and
Twenty-thirty coniaining 5 and a rooms, baths,
nia:ii.-i Qrepls es, with large separate backyard,
etc; rent will suit you. ■ ill at office, O'FaRIIELL
& * ' '.. 1 1 Montgomery st.
j -".M FLATS ON CA PP ST., between
VI Iweiuy-spcorcl and Twenty-third, Mission and
Howard: sun all day: 5 and 0 rooms and baths:
n.antel fireplaces: senarate yards to each fiat:
rents $20 and .>-'-' . Mi: water free; will bold till
May 1 for you: key at grocery. Q'FABBELL A
CO., 11 Montgomery -■
y* in 822 i HOW ARD ST.. XKAII FOURTH,
«_ iV'. 12 rooms and baih. ASHTON; 411 Mont-
gomery st.
/'lli a pest new MODE m FLAT IN
vj town. 5 rooms and bath ; f 18. 809 Folsom St.,
nr. Fifth.
'V i7I K^ELEGANT FLAT. 425 STEVENSON
1 st.. b.»t. Fifth and sixth.
Mi SUNNY FLATS; 4 TO « ROOMS;
-»1 bath; $13 toS'JO; water free. 1196 Treat aye.
!- j •> -2 FLAT 4 ROOMS. - 125 AGE STREET.
'?!''. Gough and Octavia.
5 I •' 3La R<_E BOOMS; YARD. 409 THlB-
<y XO. teenth s;.. above Valeucia.
T T PPER FLAT, i NICE SUNNY' ROOMS; $12.
*-- ltiliL^ Stevenson st.
-> UPPER FLATS, 3 ROOMS EACH; $10. 29
— Ringold st., m-ar Folsom and Ninth.
Mi DERN "sunny" UPPER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Pages) , Clarion, Go.den Gate Park.
V" I N E - CO R NER FLAT; ti ROOMS AND BATH.
x Cor. McAllister anil Broderick sts; rent cheap.
1 1 •>•) HOWARD— FLAT; 4 ItOOMi.
A X OO
ZjnT'cj " shotwf:ll, ['.""t'w'e'n.te'th—
UUU Furnished Hat: 4 rooms, modern : $18.
"i^9X 1713"yi"cTLLis 1 7 1.R, NEARIBRODER-
'.. O. ick — 7 rooD-s and bath; newly papered
and painied; modern tiut_.li. ASH lON A GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery St.
\VT ANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
'» flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK A CO.,
602 Market st-
""Y~FAV'. ELEGANT, UPPER SUNNY' MODERN
--> flat; 6 rooms and bath. 933 Golden Gate aye
XI ( SANCHEZ, NEAR 19 IH (FLAT li)—
-J"l"± rooms, bath; sunny ; decorated and modern.
QUNNY UPPER flaT 6 BOOMS, BATH ;
0 reasonable. 209 Steiner st.. rear Haight.
99?. ELM AYE, BET! van ness and
——v.) Franklin, Turk an I Golden Gate— Flat 5
rooms; bath; modern improvi-meuts.
Ml LAT OF 2-SToRY
111 nou^*-- 6 large rooms and bath; cellar; sunny
yard. 14231.. Hayes si., near Laker.
S1 9 4 NICE ROOMS. 52S~ G N WICH
0* — . -:.. near Stockton, on sunny side.
OPEBN FLAT; 5 ROOMS: BATII; STABLE.
375 Shotwell st., near Eighteenth.
191 1* eddy! NEAR LA g u N A— sunny
l_l_o flat; a rooms; bath: modern improve-
ments: key In rear.
(, 5 I Harrison"! near sixth — new
-'i . 1 flat: rooms: all improvements: cheap.
J AND 5 '. S,BATH; $11, el -'. $13; ELB&
'1 trie line. 455.") a, 4587. 4591 a Eighteenth st.
SUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 BO 'Ms; BATH;
garden: $13 and 916. 1706 Post.
1 tt'JK TURK — UPPER 6 _ ROOMS, RATH,
1 \J~ O $19: lower 5 rooms, bath, $17; modern.
1 CH? BTEINBB, NEAB SUTTER— LOWER
I '"'• flat, 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
\\' B BENT MANY' FLATS BECAUSE WE
'* treat people tight. Baldwin a HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
(Jftl C LOVELY' FLAT: 5 SUNNY" BOOMS
V XO. and bath: newly papered and painted. _14
Nineteenth st., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
IKTEBSTEB 207-209— SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
I ' 7 rooms; rent $25, $-'" 50.
17 LEG ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
JT. low Brvant. 6— d 6 rooms- i>.o : $8 '■ 0 '-■'•.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOHS.
Brauiiiiii '-treet. "
79' BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH— SUNNY'
I — O kitchen and bedroom: furnished: $7.
Eddy Street.
]1Q F:DDY- — 3 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
1 Lt. rooms; oilier newly furnished rooms; cheap.
Filth street.
1 ft 7 FIFTH — PLEASANT SUNNY UNI'UK-
-IV' l nished rooms to let.
ffi»Q SUNNY' BEDROOM AND BITCH
O^* running water; bath; private: no children.
-.V.4 Fifth st.
Fillmore Street.
Q» "I A' -2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE BEEF-
•_ I _____ ing rooms. 2208% Fillmore st., nr. Clay.
Folsom Street.
r_r_Q FOLSOM— UNFURNISHED ROOMS
000 for housekeeping: range; hot, cold water.
QCiO FOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY' BEDROOM
(DO and kitchen; yard, complete tor house-
keeping.
Ino 1 FOLSOM — 3 booms furnished
J l/d_ complete for housekeeping.
Fourth Street.
Oft 7 FOURTH— NICE FURNISHED ROOMS
•l" < complete for honsekeeniug: rent cheap.
Oeary Street.
7091 GEARY -2 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
* Os rooms; housekeeping or otherwise.
Gulden Gate Avenue.
Q9A GOLDEN GA rE— COMPLETELY FUR-
•>£.\) nished sunny housekeeping apartments;
also single; reasonsbl..
OQQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY' FUR-
-000 nished housekeeping rooms; bath.
Harrison Street.
/>'C HARRISON-FINE FURNISHED ROOM;
iJOO light housekeeping.
7QO HARRISON— -ToB 3 HOUSEKEEPING
100 rooms: rent $! . and $16.
Leaven li street.
mi) LEAVENWORTH— PARLOR FLOOR
— of 3 rooms: furnished completely; gas:
ran;e.
Market Street.
1 °vfi9 v MARKET— NICELY FURNISHED
1 OK) £4 sunny housekeeping rooms; first floor;
cheap. • ,;':-:.;
I Q97 MARKET. OPP. OCTAY'IA— 2 OR 3
-*-*-'— ' sunny corner rooms furnished; house- ,
keeping; $16 to f 2O. Apply 3 1 earl st.
McAllister Street.
II" McAr -LISTER— 2 BOOMS FURNISHED
3__ ' complete or housekeeping: if 12 and up.
Minna Street.
f_AC{ MINNA - FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
*J^\J housekeeping: large yard.
MUk.oii Street.
Q47 FISSION-FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
" TI pie: iv,: housekeeping.
■Natoma Street.
fIOS AT " M A - -2 FURNISHED FRONT
VrVr ,J rooms for housekeenlng.
Ninth Street.
77 EJKTH-NICBLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
I I keeping rooms; also front suite.
"ctavla Street.
1 -10. 2F I *. V I A < ' '" r GEARY - SUNNY
unfurnished.' V boaaek^P^- furnished or
" O'larreli Street. "
Q9Q OTarrell; NEAR van NESS AVE.-
bou&eeK CoDneclln 5 ro°^s: suitable for light
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
■ ■fj'" Polk Street.
Til 1 YOLK — PARLORS; KITCHEN: GAS
viXX range; piano; reasonable; suitable for phy-
sician.
Seventh Street.
1 3fi SEVENTH— N ICE SUNNY ROOMS, COM-
IoU pletely furnished, for housekeeping; yard;
reasonably.
1 A »') SEVENTH — SUITES, SINGLE AND
1 a.-, 1 housekeeping: .suitable for doctor or dentist.
.-ix ill Street.
m SIXTH — CHEAPEST IN THE CITY';
cozy housekeeping rooms and single.
J(Y9I SIXTH-l OR ■_> FURNISHED FRONT
""—■a rooms for housekeeping.
South ParK.
09 SOUTH PARK— ONE OR TWO NICELY
Q-- furnished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
Third Street.
QQ_l THIRD— 9 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
-00 v. keeping rooms: water free; $6.
Twenty-sixth Street.
"I 90 TWENTY-SIXTH — * ROOMS; BATH;
1 .»> housekeeping; .$lO a month; single $4.
Webster Street.
•7] 1 WEBSTER— 2 O-TSL HANDSOME
J > 1 rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
BOOMS TO LET.
Bush Street.
9^94 BUSH—SUNNY FUKNISHED ROOMS.
"I 41 O BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE: FINE LO-
l ul O cation: pleasant home; private family:
reasonable; references.
Bryant Avenue.
C'9i i BBY' ANT— PLEASANT FRONT ROOM;
\J~jtJ private family] rent moderate.
LEAN BEDS. lOC AND 15c PER NIGHT.
Old French Hospital, Bryant sl, bet. Fifth and
Sixth.
Eddy Street.
V?. . EDDY'— FRONT .' SUNNY' ROOM WITH
•J— ll use of bath.
f_Ofi EDDY— LARGE ROOM, GRATE, LARGE
OOvf closet. $S; room with stove, $6.
Liglith Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
i s;., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
l-llis Street.
rpHE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FBAN-
X Cisco, MRS, KATE S. HART, manager-Just
opened; a newly luruished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 150 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, slngleor en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and lire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct to ferry and park pass the
door.
>_')} ELLIS— LARGE ROOM; SUN ALL DAY";
• —1- gas and bath: rent $7.
Fourteenth Street.
9i-J"l FOURTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD-4
_ C«_»2 rooms cheap.
I'i'iiry Street.
oni GEARY' — PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
OUJL nlsbedroom; elegant new corner flat.
89 = 'GEARY- ST. - NICELY FURNISHED
C 1 — O rooms, single, suite; modern conveniences.
Golden Viaiet Aieiiue,
"1 n?.O GOLDEN GATE AYE. - 1 UNFUR-
iU«Ji' nished front room; running water.
Hermann Street.
99 HERMA NX —T W 5 SUNNY' UNFUR-
-_-- nished frout rooms: $7.
Jessie Street.
A 0: JESSIE, NEAR MINT— PRIVATE FAM- j
"aO-I iiy; sunny single room: rent $5.
ones street.
9/17 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE; NEW j
_J VJ I management: elegant sunny suites and j
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: SlO to SSO.
I.earuy Sitree...
AF.LINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS- ;
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first class i
In every respect: terms reasonable.
Market street.
■yOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET—PER j
1 night, Hoc to $1 ; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
-I "I -I fi MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
1110 suite: Ist floor: also single: transient.
-Vinson Street.
"1 "I MASON— SUNNY ROOM; NICELY FUR-
-1 1 nished; $1 per week.
Minna street.
OKI MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY I
Owl furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient. -. •:_ ' - ■■■-.
Mission -1 tee..
1 EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
A furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
o'larreli Street.
r-OO O'FARRELL — NICE FURNISHED
O— O front room in private family; good home;
reference.
Pine Street.
£1 1 PINE— PLEASANT ROOMS FOR GEN-
Oil tlemen; $5 and $10; quiet house.
Post Street.
6 Of* POST— TO FOUR UNFURNISHED
».)U rooms; bath and pas; in a private family.
7A9 POST. NEAR JONES- It'll. BOOM;
i \J-- running water; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
Folk Street.
Q-| Q POLK— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED At.-
-■'l*) cove sunny trout room; bay-window; new
carpets, furniture; suitable young men or couple;
handsomely furnshd single rooms ;gas,l);ith ;water.
Powell street.
99- POWELL, COR. GEARY— LARGE BASE-
— — ment-room and one sunny corner up-stairs.
line reel.
•a"IJ PINE, NR KEARNV— NEATLY FUR-
0 1*1 nished room ; day, week or month.
Scott Street.
17111 SCOTT, NR. SUTTER— FURNISHED
1 I lis sunny front alcove rooms: gas.
._y Sixth Si reel.
UK SIXTH (THE PIEDMONT)—
O furnished sunny rooms; rent reduced.
Seventh Street.
lOC* SEVENTH-FURNISHED FRONT S1N-
lOl) g'.e rooms; $1 per week.
butter Street.
rnn SUTTER, COR POWELL - LARGE
OvliJ sunny front suite; otherrooms; furnished or
unfurnished.
THE ALEXANDRIA, m sitter— ele-
gant rooms; first-class dining-room ; elevator.
Third Street..
TV" INCHESTER HOUSE— THIRD. NEAR
»' Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night; Xl 50 to $6 per week:
electric lights in every room: reading r"_u ; treo bus.
99A THIRD, COI/TON HOUSE-SUITES AND
—._-iV7 single light housekeeping rooms; $5 up.
AAA T H I 1) - LARUE SUNNY BOOMS;
-lv reasonable.
Turk Street.
1 1 d TURK-BEAUTIFUL SUNNY' SUITE;
_Ll.O newly furnished; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional,
"I Of? TURK — SUNNY - FURNISHED FRONT
A_£U room; first floor; suitable man and wife or
2 gents.
9/1 1 TURK-2 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH]
Q--.14 gas; $6.
Valencia Street.
"I 0.43 1 VALENCIA-SUITE ROOMS, $15:
X\J~XO% also single rooms, reasonable.
Van Ness Avenue.
1091 VAN NESS AYE., COR. GEARY, AN
1 C—A elegant front suite of 3 or more connect-
Ini; sunny rooms; all complete. -■■-.*.-. -
CHILDREN BOAKDED.
ANTE^ToF^TcmLDR^ TO BOABD:
good care. 104HV_ Valencia st.
LADY OWNING HER HOME WOULD
AA like to board 2 or 3 refined youne- children-
best of care given. Address L. D..' box 121, Call.
Y7-OU CAN FIND PLEASANT HOME, KXCEL-
A lent caro for child at 40-' san Jose aye.
STOKES TO LET.
TCH^EbG^OD'cfolitN-^ WITH Jn-kTCA-EB*
good for any kind of business; $10. Cor. Cort-
land aye. and Bennington St., Holly Park.
S~TOBE— NW. COR7~HYDE : AN D'g PACIFIC
sts.; large cellar and stable; suitable for saloon,
grocery or drug store.
1 (11* MISS - FINE: STORE ANDCEL-
IUUt) lar, 10-1 feet; wineliouse or barroom.
A] ft FOURTH-SMALL STORE. WITH ROOM
TrJLU in rear; rent low. Apply to G. 11. UMB-
SEN A CO.. 14 Monteomery St.
————— i — _____; _g_g_ ■—
OFFICES TO LET.
S^mIfxTiCELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices; low rent; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
ing or G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 11 Montgomery a:.
TH E~ DE Al! OFFICE OF DB. JAMES D-
WARDS, f>Vi Kearny St., to let on May 1. Ap-
ply J. A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis st.
/ CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING-
vj Offices *10 and upward, Including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
Ml to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896.
BOARDING and booms.
B'_> C POST, NB. H y Fe— nTcely^i' TirniShd
OO lerge front room; good board; 1 or 2 gents.
"Vf ICELY" FURNISHED rooms uT<sur-
-_' passed for neatness and comfort: 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
*80 mo. Hackmeier's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY"; $150
week, $1B a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 12H-129 EDDY' ST.;
new management: GF.ORGE GP.UENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
Hoi',.l. BEETLING. 714 RUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required all mod-
em conveniences.
STABLES TO LET.
Rl! E^TVABLJsT^-IITT^ Ll-
fornia st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chron-
Icle building.
ZZZ __j-l--_-2--__---_--_-__--__-: etc!
MAGNIFICENT GRAND UPRIGHT, $125;
sold to cover advances; Studdart maker. WM.
G. BADGER, 260 O'Farrell St.. room 1; take ele-
vator. -v= :- • ...-.,
V^CT HOW CHEAP, BUT HOW GOOD, IS THE
AY proper way to consider every bargain ottered;
ours are the best that can be offered for the price ;
a Steinway $200; a magnificent Hardman. ele-
gant case ami tone, carefully used, half price;
these are wonderful opportunities and will not
wait long for you. The J. DEWING COMPANY,
warerooms second floor Flood building, Fourth
and Market sis.: 100 pianos in stock.
A MOST ELEGANT lIA R D M A N UPRIGHT
JX grand; a magnificent piano; sacrificed hy lady
in urgent need of funds. Room 10, 809 Market st.
A MAGNIFICENT STEINWAY' PIANO FOR
■'I sale by lady compelled to sacrifice it. Address
Bargain, box 123, ihisolKce.
'il'^"* EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STRINGF.D
«£) XOO. Weber; $350. BBUENN, 228 Post st.
4 PRIVATE PARTY WILL SACRIFICE
JX nice Steinway. See it at room 21, 809 Market.
"I T PRIGHT - CHEAP. -AIOa" GEARY
'-' St., between Bicker and Lyon.
Q~ INSTALLMENTS WILL BUY A ' $375
<yO piano ior $50. 221 Leavenworth St.
"L"UNI_ CONCERTGRAND PIANO; SUITABLE
A? for a hall; also Baby Grand. 511 Sutter st.
<3>_ 9 "_ UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
VPX~O. tion; cash or installments. 106 Mc-
Allister st.
0* X - FIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
<pOO. 16 McAllister st., next Hibernia Rank.
A LL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
JX money; Investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-baT autoharp $6; the five-
bar autoharp .$4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the Drize-winner guitar
$3 "-'5: solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos In any style case, wal-
nut, liialiou'niiv, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market St., Sprock-
el's building.
Pl^\ OS — $90. $100, $150: GREAT BAB-
gains. MAUVAIS' 769 Market st.
A SHAW. $425: - IE ] WAYS, 5215, ?195:
Sommer, -185; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis sl
CELE B A TED HAINES BROS., BUSH A
Herts and Knabe panos: being overstocked
wholesale prices will rule during the next 30 days.
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 I'ost St., S. F.
ARRIVE D— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-tX grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st. - - --. .v.
ARE YOU DESIROUS OF OBTAINING A
JX good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then Investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO., Steinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, sW. cor. Kearny
and Sutter 3ts.
YUM. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
" lirst floor; sole agents Halle; A Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments.
CIONOVEB PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW;
i great sacritice. Th. F. Vv'. SPENCER COM-
. NY, 338 Post st.
C' HICKERING, k na i;e!"st"eck7v'T)SE, STER-
J ling pianos; see our n*-w piano for $187; pianos
ior rent, HENJ. CUBTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell.
Qj] nt CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
Oi iO. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Nesi
I ] IECKER BROS., STEIN WA- .FISCHER AND
| XJ other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
i cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER A
I CHASE, 28 and 30 Farrell st.
! ASY TERMS; LOW PRICES. KOHLER A
j XA CHASE. -.. -.-.-;
j IJYItO^'iiAU/.Y', 308 POST ST.-SOHM"ERr
I Xt Newby A Evans. T.riggg nnd other pianos.
j QUPEBTOB VIOLINS, ZITHEBS. OLD ANEW
! *- ' H. Ml LLEIt, maker, repairer. '-' lAtliain nlace.
XI) 5 CAT I on al! "
! A YRl.s-.th:-. LEADING SHOBTHAND < OL-
i --A lege, 325 Montgomery st.; Individual Instruc-
I tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
r. BENCH, GERMAN, SPANISH; LEARN TO
A speak; sp'c'l $2. Flood building.
j, OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAM R-.
L> day & night ; no classes ; $3 mouth. 825 Mission.
MRS. MELVILLE SNY"DER, STUDIO 614 SVT-
ter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution:
i dramatic elocution a specialty; vocal Shakespear-
: can classes; stage dancing: minuet, gavotte, eic.
Voi-al classes resumed Monday. April 13, at 8 r.M.
A UITAK mandolin! piano AND vocal
VJ" lessons: $3 mo. MARY' WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian. 3 lessons w.-. $3 m. Maze bid, r.37.
BOOKKEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
better thau in any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR,6S9 Mkt,
A CADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY';
private and class. 6a Hyde; terms moderate.
VBENC'-LSPANTsILErc.; Prof.DE FILIPPE'S
J Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:estab'd 1871
Joseph GREVEN, VOICE IMPBOVEB. 82
O Ninth st. / .-. •
CI'aXIMU, frf.nuh,gf:rmaN: moderate.
--/Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'F'arrell s;
OICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
A YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
-.1. lege: individual Instruction; 4 months' course*;
day and evening 525 Montgomery st. -- "■'- ' ><?
I^ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Xi Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
chaulcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
A" J G li SC II OOL ;HEALD'SiH"i-. COLLEGE -.'..l !
lYx Post: commercial, shorthand. Enelish: low ra-e.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
V sonable, PROF. FRANCIS. 1045V 3 Valencia.
HEMISTRY' AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
v7 ham's School, cor. Gearv and Powell gts.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IV" OTICE TOCBE DUO RS-KST AIQ^F'TuLIA
AY A. M. COLLINS, deceased. Notice Is hereby
given by the undersigned, administratrix of the es-
tate of sold deceased, to the creditors of. and all per-
sons Graving claims against the said deceased, to ex-
hibit them with the necessary vouchers within four
months after the first publication of this notice, to
the said administratrix, at the office of Page. Mc-
Cutclu-n A Eells, room 5, ninth floor, Mills build-
ing, the same being the place for the transaction
of the business of the said estate, In the lily and
County of san Francisco, State of California. "
BERTHA L. ANDERSON, administratrix of
tbe estate of JULIA A. M. COLLINS, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. April 1, 1896.
ITY AND COUNT TREASURY. SAN
Francisco, March 21, 181)6.— In compliance
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1598 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public aution by E. S.
Spear & ca, at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and unclaimed
property recovered by the police force of san
Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory thereof on
file in the otlice of tho Clerk of thro Board of Super-
visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistols, knives, etc. Open for inspection on morn-
ing of sale. A. C. WIDBEB,
City and County Treasurer.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the application for voluntary
dissolution of '-The San Ysldro investment Com-
pany" (a corporation). Notice of hearing. No.
13,948.
Notice Is hereby given that The San Ysldro In-
vestment Company, a corporation formed under
the laws of the State of California, has presented
to the Superior Court of the State of California ln
and for the City and County of San Francisco an
application praying to be dissolved, and that
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 30 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall, San F'ranclsco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
13th day of March, 1896.
[Seal.J s v. "■■■•■■■ C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-oflicio Deputy Clerk
of the suoerior Court.
DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners.
IN THE SUPF.RIOR COURT OF THE STATE"
X of California, in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. -Department No. 10.
In the matter of. the applicat'on for voluntary
dissolution of "The Dinsrnore Water. Company"
(a corporation). Notice of hearing. No. 13,949.
■ Notice Is hereby given that The Dinsrnore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the State of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in and for the
City and County of San Francisco an application
praying 10 be dissolved, aud that MONDAY, the
_oth day of April, 1896, at the hour of .10 o'clock
a. m. of that day, or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and thecourtroom of Department No
10 of said Superior Court in and for- the City and
County of San Francisco, in the new Cltv'llall,
San Francisco, Cal., are appointed as the lime
and place at which said application will be heard.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my band
and affixed the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896. .
ISeal.J C. F. CURRY, .County Clerk.
By WM. R. A. JOHNSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-officlo Deputy Clerk
■ of the superior Court. "
DONaLD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioner., . \ . - i
CITY REAL ESTATE.
fi H. UMBSEN A CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
14 Montgomery St.. near Market.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records,"
which contain a list of properties sale iv all
parts of the city.
IMPROVED PROPERTIES.
BARGAINS.
MUST BE SOLD. ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH
IN THE FAMILY.
COZY' HOME: BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE OF
\J 6 rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc. ; all
modern improvements; nearly new; nice location
iv the Mission, near Market st.
BARGAIN ON Y'ALLEJO ST.
C.OAAA RENT 28 PER MONTH; 2
»5>_jUUU. houses: 25x137:6; street accepted;
near Hyde-street cable road.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
kKAO BROADWAY'; A LOVELY HOME;
«_SOOUU. bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements and conveniences;
30x112:6; grand marine view.
FLATS ON PIERCE ST.; VERY CHEAP.
fi-QOf-A 3 FLATS; RENTING FOR $22
«4PO_£OU. per month: 25x90.
COZY' RICHMOND HOME.: <-.
(5_ 1 O^l\ NEAR EIGHTH AYE.; COTTAGE
tpIOOU. and lot 25x100. -
CORNER INVESTMENT NEAR SEVENTH
AND HARRISON" STS.
Q* iZ.l\f\ RENT $66 PER MONTH; TWO
<4PaOUU. houses; lot, 30x80.
LOVELY CORNER HOME IN THE MISSION-
WARM BELT.
©7 AAA NEARLY NEW BAY-WINDOW
»^ I UUU. residence of 8 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc. ; 30x96:6.
BARGAIN ON POST ST.
Q'l^i \t\ 2 FLATS AND LOT 25x70; STREET
iS)OOvJVJ. accepted.
GOOD INVESTMENT ON OCTAVIA ST.
<2-ftAAA TWO 3-STORY HOUSES; BRICK
tJpOUUU. foundation; rentssu; lot 34x85.
BARGAIN HOME ON CLIPPER ST.
_<...._ NEARLY" NEW COZY" B.Y-WIN-
jipJoUU. clow cottage; "brick foundation; all
modern improvements; 26:ixllA
MUST BE SOLD ON ACCOUNT OF FORE-
CLOSURE OF MORTGAGE.
VTO REASONABLE OFFR REFUSED— BAY-
-_' window residence of 8 rooms and bath; brick
foundation: conservatory, etc.: lovely location;
opposite park: large lot, 30x162.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
O'FARRELL A CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
HOUSE-BROKERS AND AUCTIONEERS,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
Cg.iQAA PROBATE SALE; MAKE AN
<PtIQUU. offer; Tehama St., near 4th, north
side; property backs Into Howard-sL property:
3-story house of 11 rooms and baih; tenant pays
water.
MAKE AN OFFER; MUST BE SOLD; MORT-
-I*l gage about to be foreclosed; a chance for a big
bargain; 2 tints of 5 and 6 rooms and bath, near
Baker and Haight sts.: lot 38x128.
<£_9 r >f.l. COTTAGE, PARKER AYE., NEAR
iJf'^.OvJVJ. Point Lobos aye.; 25x103; 5 rooms
and bath.
AA A PINE ST., DOWNTOWN; 2-STORY;
<tJ)UUUU. 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x75-
-rent §40.
Ql_'7r_r_ GROVE ST., NEAR LYON"; 2
tjpv) i i)VJ. fla^s and 2 cottages in rear; rent $60;
mortgage $2300; will exchange for unimproved
property.
Cj*_)\)Xn COTTAGE ON CASTBOJ.T. COR-
O—OxJ. ner, not far from 16th st 5 rooms
and bath; lot 28x120.
QA f)f\rT MAKE OFFER ; MUST BE SOLD;
»J)"lUUl'. Buchanan and line sis.; 2-story; 8
rooms and bath; lot worth the money.
<s»'nnn MAKE OFFER; COTTAGE on
tfpOvIVJVJ. Leavenworth St.; lot 25x87:6; worth
$6000. _
HAVE N or SEEN OUR CHEAP HOME LOTS
in the Academy Tract Take the Mission-st.
electric-cars and ride to Francis st- Our branch
office is on the tract. Lots $350 to $550; all level
and ready for building; small amount cash, small
monthly payments.
(V FAR 11 El A. A- CO., 11 Montgomery St.
MUST BE SOLD; MAKE AN OFFER; COB-
ner on 25th st., one [block from 24th-st. cable-
cars; suitable for grocery-store, etc.; lot 50x100.
MUST BE SOLD; HKYANT-ST. CORNER,
I*l near 3d; improvements rented tor $116 per
month; 70x75.
O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery st.
Ql HIC~ lOOx 1 90, IN BLOCK 63, UNI VERS-
(JI I O. Ity Homestead Association.
$90-25x100; lot 13, block 9. City Land Associa-
tion. CHAS. c. PISH KB, 507 California st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS^-THRKE NEW 12- ROOM
A booses. 9847, 28 19 and 2.51 Fillmore st., S. of
Green: u'l modern improvements; reception-hall,
parlors, dining, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted
and decorated; furnace heat; all rooms and closets
lighted by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view: good Investment.
lOTS ON
JL_ BAKER ST..
MCALLISTER ST.,
LYON i..
GOLDEN GATE AYE.
AT AUCTION,
THURSDAY', APRIL 16.
In our salesroom, at 12 o'clock.
All the streets are sewered.
Stone walks around the entire block.
Every lot is on grade. Onl 15
minutes to the business center of the city
by eiectric or cable lines.
Go and see tbis block to-day and attend the sale.
Don't he one of those who will say
after the opportunity Is gone, "1 didn't
know they would go so cheap." We
noiify you that the lots will goat
your prices. No limit or reserve
placed on them by the owner.
TERMS, i* (ASM.
Balance in 1, 3 and 3 years.
BALDWIN A
HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
5! REM IS. ~~ ~"
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2.00— E. side of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x15-0 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson sl, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric; road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana 1- remonL
$8600— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park. ;
In Oakland— l4PX3-0, SW. cor. 19th aye. and
26th St.: elegant lawn. shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms: stable and car-
riage-house; all in good condition; must be sold;
make offer.
Oft PER LOT. 25x100: SAN BRUNO ROAD;
J*\J 6V_ miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. p. R. 1., shore line will cross tract, make It busi-
ness property: 15 minutes distant; some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. a.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery St., room 10.
WILL BUILD HOMES TO SUIT ON LOTS IN
'• Lakeview, nr. electric cars: terms about the
same us rent. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco. yyy
ffij I Qltf. COTTAGE: 3 ROOMS; LOT 50x135:
L *J^-'"» In Berkeley, nearstation; payments
easy. - '. '-
$1100— Cottage: 3 rooms: lot 76x125.
$1000— Handsome corner; 100x100; $15
monthly.
$200- Lot 25x135 ; $10 down: $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
ffi«l /IAA WILL SECURE A NEW BAY-WIN-
•Hi A UUU dow cottage; modem improvements;
basement; lot 25x100; South Broderick st., near
Haight. Apply 1330 Mission st.
A 1 ARKET-STREET PROPERTY.
READY FOR BUILDING.
CORN F.R 75x80.
NEAR VALENCIA.
Rare chance for Investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
O. N. R.. box 9. this office.
ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
SB I cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
see plans. .lAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission St.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~~~y b
"{ ST A 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS! IN ES-
Atates;lowest rates;no delay .MURPHY", 62B Mrkt.
"I OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS, DIA-
_U monds; confidential; easy. Rm. 107, 76 Eddy.
\ DVANCESON DIAMONDS..! ETC
■fl Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
OAKLAND LOANS ON FIRST MORTGAGES
on improved real estate secured on short notice
at current rates of InteresL HUGH M. CAM.-
ERON, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
-ll other valuables at the Security Loan Office*,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance? Turk.
D IBECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OB PIANO;
■no removal; no delays; |no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
810 CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PERCENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19,Ca1l Office.
DVANCE ON LIFE INSURANCE, LEGA-
cies, pianos; lowest rates. .215 Sansome, rm 6.
ORTGAGES, "LOANS -ON COLLATERALS;
low rates. Sylvain Saloman & .328 Montgy
PAWNBROKERS. ~
AT I_6~KET_tNY ?ibbT-O(_M^T-!i_oSiEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates: pri-
vate rooms; elevator; pledges for sal i cheap.
__ CITY REAL ESTATE.
\ MTsp_3ci_b_TcoT ~
jf*-« HAVE MONEY TO LOAN.
01650— New cot tas-e and lot 25\90: near Market st.
$2000— Lot 25x120 ft. on McAllist/r st.
$2800— store and 2 flats: rents $30: only a few
blocks from the City Hall: must sell.
$2000— Elegant modern 6-room collage; select
location : $200 down.
$3000— Business property half block from Market
and Tenth.
$3200— New 9-room residence near Bush and
Powell: mortgage $3500.
55000— 2 new modern Bats near Larkin sL; rents
$50: 2 fronts; mor:gnge $4000. C
$4500— Elegant residence on Pine s:.
$6000— Elegant residence, with stable and grounds;
suitable for doctor, on Turk st.
$Gooo— 3 fiats; Bush St., near Mason; rents $.5.
$701:0— Nice residence and large lot on Washing-
ton St., near Devisadero.
$8000— Geary st.; stores and Hats: rents $75; lot
37:6x137:6 feet: SoOOl) cash down.
$13,000— Splendid business property; Hayes St.;
rents $123; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
$13,000— Magnificent building; all flats; within 2
blocks of City Hall; rentssloo: -'frontages.
$16,500— Corner on Geary, near Wigwam.
$25,000— Business property on 3d St., near Market;
pays about » per cent.
A. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
J SALE— ELEGANT 12-R' ">M HOUSE,
X 1 done by day's work: salon parlors; reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden;
stone walks: view Golden Gate Park. 1917 Oak.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
ORANGE LANDS.
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PEP. ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAI-
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a pood investment: it will cost
you unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five annual
payments; no Interest; the trees olanted on this
property will begin bearing In about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. ' -.':
We have an experienced horticulturist In charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EABTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st., Sun Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal. ,
A SUBDIVISION, 3 TO 20 ACRES,
-*A. Of the beautiful Fairview Y'illu. one mile from
the Courthouse, Santa Roia, at your own price and
terms.
1 *-.(> -ACRES FOR $3000: 45 MILKS OUT: 10
lov acres healthy grapes, good for $1260 this
year; 8 acres fruit and blackberries; never-failing
supply of running water; good buildings: all tools
und slock; a bargain. ' „
"1 it'll ACRES FOR $162.": 45 MILES OUT;
1 "-■ t'i an Ideal place for summer home; fishing,
huntiugor poultry.
HUGH C-HIELS, 602 Market St., Crocker
building. .; .■
_-5 1 ftf.A 3tfJ^ ACRES. IV- - MILES f from:
(yIUUu, st. Helena; 14 acres choice wine
grapes worth $25 ton; house, barn and family or-
chard.
$350— 160-acre relinquishment near Placerville;
house, burn, tools, etc. CHAS. COLTON, 906
Market st.
INK QUARTZ, ORAY'EL, MINING AND
timber property in Nevada. Co. Call or write H.
L. W., 719 Polk st.. city; call Mom, Wed., sat.
bfiCAAA A 10 - ACRE - WELL-IM PROVED
«jrUvJ'\./\/. orchard, one mile from Havwards;
house and barn Included. Apply F. B. HOOSON,
Haywards, Cal,
7 Z_~(\l\ 15 ACRES LAND: HOUSE 8
«JP I OUU. rooms; large barn; a genuine bar-
gain; must be sold at once. Apply F. B. HOOSON,
Haywards, Cal.
"l «fl-ACKE Dai r"y! WOOD and hog
IV- 1 ranch; United Slates patent; 3 springs of
water; 111 carry 20 cows and cut 20 tons wild-oat
hay: 1500 cords of firewood; -villi 160-acre home-
stead claim adjoining, with running water; all for
$1000; half cash. D. H. 'IWINo. Sonoma City,
Cat.; inquire at 632 Market st.. San Francisco.
T^OR SALE— I6O ACRES, CLOSE TO IT\'ER-
X more; good country road; grain and vineyard.
For particulars address C. R„ box 109, (.'all Office.
ESTABLISHED 16 YEARS
N. D. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty t.3000 propositions); most reliable,
latest and
Rest systematized LAND OFFICE In America,
620 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
"noii SALE— COZY home OF 6 ROOMS; ■!
X lots, 200x120 (half sere); line place for poultry
or (lowers; $1800; ball cash. W. LAMBERT,
Millbrae, san Mateo County.
TJ I. CABLE CONTRA COal'.i. ccii.Mi
V lands lor sale on easy terms.
fiAAA ACRES: RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
««W ada del Pinole: 12 miles east of Berkeley,
near narrow-gang- railroad.
1 3AA ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL LAST)
AOUU adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
-Ordering on the bay of Sau Francisco.
ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
Oi 'x.l -.-joining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diabio and Glen Terry wine "con, panics at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles Of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
SAN RAFAEL AND" ROSS VALLEY— "~ "~
kJ Land for sale or exchange by J. TUNSTEAD,
San Rafael, Cal.
MARIN COUNTY'— SOOO ACRES 26 MILKS
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail^tnd water
transportation; $40 to $75 uer acre; terms mad.
to suit; send for , trcular.
roved dairy farms for sale With cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 61
and 65 Chronicle building.
UAKAI PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
r sites, improvea and unimproved, for sale in Tie
best part of Alameda county. Inquire of S. SALZ,
Centreville
I ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
A proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small bouse, etc. D, H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD
lor sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. San Jos?.
Q7 X AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
'3S •-• land; easy terms.
C*o?^ per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
«J5OO Pleasanton, Co. ; terms to suit; also
a few Improved cozy country homes nearby; 5 to
20 acres at naif forme-rvalue; easy terms; will ex-
change. LEE & RISER. jio6 Mont gomery st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE,
r. A \'A(bANf'^A7Tsr^Ricibs^Tßoii
OVJ $150 to $4,000
20 houses and lots, from $1250 to 10,000
60 ranches: all sizes; from $100 to 30.000
20 houses: Oakland, Alameda; $1000 t0... 8,000
100 business places; all kinds: from $00 to 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels ; from $200 to 3,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
I BELL AND EXCHANGE
All kinds of property. •
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
I OQA ACRES "TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
1 -CPU water; fine for cat: le-rals'iig. N..bx.16.Ca1l
• MEDICAL.
LADIES — GERMACIDE * CAPSULES. PRE-
vents; safe ; sure. G. S. P. Co., 1031 Market,.- P.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day:
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
neTer tails ; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make then-
well: travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit
the times; home in conhuemeut. DR. cc MRS.
DAVIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla Bauk;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
] ADIES— DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA-
J_ ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents.
| ADIFIS, CONSULT FREE MRS, DR. SCOTT,
_U 210 Powell St.; only qua! i tied specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
CURE FOR ALL FESIALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWY'EIt, 226 Turk sL ■■-:. •■-.*.■"
MRS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
continenuut ; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy St.
LL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
tlneme'ii:. French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post s!.. near larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no churce; separate
home tor patients: best skill; medical attend-
nce: low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si.
HOME, A FRIES D AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth st.,Alani-da.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON To
ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
"MR. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
A-'.Jones. Diseases of women and children.
STORAGE.
TH. ROt >NEY\ r6N— STo'ItAGE "aT
X -reduced rates:. basement siorage,sl 50 per load
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
--A. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
S' TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, etc.
B. F. OSBORN & CO., 751 and 753 Market s*..
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FIJRNT-
turu. etc. SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market.
Q TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
O hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
IT Storage: low rates: telephone South 762.
*~ w^ FINANCIAL.
qy\ (\(\ AAA to loan wunnm
flllvV MVfxt ance policies; bankbooks bought;
a.so Crinple Creek .mining stocks. JOSEPH B.
TOPLITZ, room 9, 330 Pine su
' OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
— *_--_?--_!_-:? ?L ESTATE.
Al^IX-S-O^^A^iirBATANCE TERMS
to suit: new 5-room house; fine view, 10 min-
utes to town; se- it before you buy. WILLIAM
I. TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland".
IV" ARNEK TRACT, - HE UST — BUILD-
»» ing lot, nr. scnoolhouse; 50x160; flue climate:
good neighborhood. Address E. L, box 8, Gall.
HAVE I HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans; Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear: will assume gome
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank; bulid-
ng, Oakland. y c :.r
LOR SALE -OR RENT— A FIRST-CLASS
I summer resort; house of 11 rooms; oar, beauti-
ful garden and stable; opposite the railroad depot
and near the Oakland Trotting Park; a good
chance for a live man; terms easy. Apply 11.
BROCKELMANN, Golden Gate station, Alameda
County.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to F'ruitvale sta-
tioi; 15 minutes io San Francisco; 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
cms nnd water in. Apply to syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tioir
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
oH~lnxa-ONTit^
»lT"*-'.ed modern 6-ro**m cottage; sunny cor-
ner: 2 blocks to train. 1003 Fifth aye., East Oak-
laud.
OAKLAND KOO-tIS TO LET.
HANDSOME BOOHS cSUITABLF:
to invalids), with or without good family
board; no children: near Adeline station; 3 car
lines; terms reasonable. J., box 5, Call Office,
Oakland^
OUSEICEEPING ROOMS, FURNISHED OB
II unfurnished: reasonable to responsible parties.
1229 Broadway. Oakland. ;' ■ >■-: ■-.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
TiAnT^ALEb '~~~-~-"~~'
$2200— 550 cash; $23 50 monthly; 5 rooms and
bath; new colonial cottage.
$3800— No cash: $-5 monthly; 35x100; corner
house: 6 rooms and bat >.
$3000— ij."i0 cash: $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath: handsome new cottage.
$3400—9800 cash: $3J monthly: 33x150; 6
rooms and bath; elegaut cottage on principal
driveway.
$3.">00-$lOO cash: $35 monthly; 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial cottage.
HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on improved
Streets, near schools and stations; gas, sewer and
water connections perlect.
TO LET.
Elegant, sunny and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear and flats above if desired; rent rea-
sonable; location central; at stations and on prin-
cipal streets. ■ * '../.,
CPFIN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
MARCUSE A- REMMEL, Bay-st station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., S. F.
Ip OR SALE— "
X House x rooms and bath, Central aye.; house _
rooms, 'Hand st. ; cottage (3 rooms, Everett st. ;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San I'rauclsco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
;'::..:-; .'.. 038 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
Ofifift 4-ROOM COTTAGE CASH, $20
«J»ZI>UU. per month.
$2300— cottage: $300 cash, $25 a month.
$2750— 5-room cottage; $250 cash. $25 a m nth.
$3000—6 room house; *_d 0 cash, $25 a month.
$4000— 7-room house; $800 cash, $25 a month.
All modern houses, on improved streets, and
convenient to trains; have also a few magnilicent
homes at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A.LEONARD .COMPANY, 1364 Park
st., Alameda.
YEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
AN rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park St.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa lor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
brick mantel iv dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as I am
sure ii you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
B. M. PRAY, 46:'. Ninth St., Oakland.
PARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
-Lt easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and .-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$150 cash: balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. Address A. R. DENKE, real estate, archi-
tect and builder. 1503 Seventh St., Alameda.
C« I Afl TO $250 DOWN, 5-5 MONTH NEW
tj) J- \J\J 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, sd 001, etc ; with large
lot; $2400 to $3000; send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st.. Alameda. ■
11KEKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
T^JT-^S-ROOMbJoTTAIiE; LOT 40x80; $1000;
■ll $15 month. F. 801-OLE, Golden Gate Station.
GOOD HOMES FuR RENT OR FOR SALE ON
VT easy terms. O. G. MAY it CO.. real estate and
building, 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
<£|7' LOT IN CENT BERKELEY;
«Jp I I O. 25x135; $5 cash, f/5 monthly.
$.00— Large lot in East Berkeley; 102x150;
cheap; and yet another, 'a fine cornftr, 50x110,
only $350. JOSEPH .1. MASON, Berkeley station.
JOS. .1. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
snrauco agent. Berkeley station.
BEKKELEY KOOMSb
TTRACTI V_" SUNNY ROCLMS WITH
JX board: first and second floors; single or en suite;
private; central; reasonable. 2324 Channingway.
"Santa CLARA COUNTY,
HEAL ESTATE.
vas'vXlle^b.olTilSissboF sanTk *s&,
4 miles west of Morganhill: 60 acres or more;
large furnished house with concert grand piano;
beautiful grounds, interspersed with oak trees; 9
cottages; pavilion 60x80 feet; bored well, wind-
mill, horsepower, 2 6000-gallon tanks; water piped
to house: stable; horses, cows, pigs, chickens and
Implements for working the place; implements
cos over $12,000: will take part cash, the re-
mainder in city property. For particulars apply to
E. McCURHIE. Lloyd fevis' oilice. Mills bldg, S.F
DENTISTS.
D^^-LIbrTTTTIANZ^ICJri RAl.^^ritJ^TpTl^Lliss^
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
/Tl fooM DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
$ 7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
<JP I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist., 030 Market st., next Baldwin Theater. i
IL LCDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ONEST WORK ;VBRT "LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDOASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
T">Tll SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X live years. DR. V. CAVaLSK V, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. IL
C 5 G. YOUNG, 18-11 Polk st.
1 lit, GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE.
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improvea b/tefge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PA INLESS ACTION. 50c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 ve.ir.'
experience. R. I- WALSH. D.D.S., 81534 Geary.
T|\K, H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRiLGi>
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:20 to 9.
/BOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
XJ ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
il J. jTIEEK, 1206 MA RKET. CO ItTo
Gate ay,-.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
Ut WORK REASONABLE AND WA-K-
-ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
PHYSICIANS.
ON'T FAIibTO~c7)NSULT~D-W^
his museum, 1051 Market st.: his SO years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
tho worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
REMOVED— DR. C. CnrT)ONNF_LL~TO 1203
Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
MAlil-IAGE LICENSES.
The following marrl..ge licensee were issued by
the County Clerk's oftic yesterday:
James F. Roach and Rosie Murphy. — If).
John L. Stevens and Fanny Gillette, 22—27.
Charles Luvens and Pauline B. Fischer, 44—26.
T. J. Ciiichlzola and Louise E. Cun?o, 28—28.
George Gill and Christina Dawson, 36—25.
11. F. Chadbourne and Mattie Dunn, 22—
Manuel Brazil and Maria Joseph, 24—22.
Patrick Magee and Nellie F. Klrby, 25—18.
I.ulgi Corslglia and Louisa Perl, 29—18.
J. A. Moran and Alice E. Murphy, 24—22.
J. I. Colin and Hannah B. Ossosky, 26—18.
W. R. Arnold and Carrie A. Anthony, 23—21.
' M. Monsilla and Amelia S. de Beraun, 26— -5.
Louis R. Katz to Dorothea A. Medau. 30—26.
DIVOKCE PROCEEDINGS]
Divorce granted: ; V
Hattie Sharts from Alton J. Sharts, for extreme
cruelty : by Judge Hunt.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication oflices and be indorsed
with tbe name aud residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BOIIN.
CARLSTON— In this city. March 29, 1896, to the
wife of Captain John C. Carlston, a son.
GOREVAN— In this city, April 13, 1896, to the
wife of Joseph T. Gore van, a son.
NAFTALY- In this city, April 14, 1896, to the
wife of M. Naftaly. a son.
PRICE— this city, April 2, 1596, to the wife of
Thomas Price, a son.
REULEIN— In this city, Aprll"4, 1896, to the wife
of David Reulein, a daughter."
SHIRLEY— In this city. April. 12, 1896, to the
wife of J. Shirley, a daughter.
_________ "~ ■
BUNTON— FINLEY— In this city, April 12,
1893, by the Rev. Thomas Filbeu, D.D., Isaac
Newton Blanton and Ella Finicy, both of Sau
Francisco.
CLARK- In this ciiv. April 13. 1896.
by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Henry J. Clarkaud
l-?ona V.. Olney, both of San Francisco.
PISH— JONES— In this city. April 11. 1896. by
the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. Edwin Fish and Mamie
E. Jones, both of San Francisco.
HEALY— NORTON— In this city, April 9. 1896.
by the Rev. Thomas Fiiben, D.D., Michael F"
Healy and Catherine Norton, both of San Fran*
Cisco.
PETERSON-VIND-In this city. April 11,1806,
by the Rev. B. Harstad, Rrelnholt Peterson and
Kjerstiue Marie VinJ, hot., of San Francisco.
MAONIN —In this city, April 7. 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Myer -ttegel aud Flora
Magnin.
WOT-FF— COHN— Tn this city, April 12, 1896. by
the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, William Wolff and Dora
Cohn.
_____ _
_j_j_ii.
Bailey, Mrs. Joseohiuo Lund. Peter
Bower, Robert M.c ormick. Johanna
Card matcri, Mary McGuire, Blanche M.
Christenseu, R. K. Murphy, Mary
CoUKlin, Thomas F. Murray. Bridget
Daw, John c. Peek, Cassle
Dinsstad, Thea Phalan, Rose Ann
Dooley, Amanda L. Pierson, George -•'•
Foster, Joseph A. Roberts, George G.
Hatch, Harriet A. Schwartz. Fannie
Johnson. Charles P. stanse, Hermann C.
Kearns. Ann Trask, Captain J. A.
Little, Frank W. Williams, George A.
BAILEY— In this city. April 14, 1896, Mrs.
Josephine Bailey, a native of Cincinnati. Ohio,
seed 41 years.
BOWER— In this city. April 12, 1896, Robert
Bower, a native of Ireland, aged 16 years.
CARDMATORI-ln this city. Anril 13, 1896,
Mary, beloved daughter of James and Annlo
Cardmaton, a native of San Francisco, aged a
months.
CHRISTENSEN-In this city, April 14, 1896,
Elizabeth Kate Chrlstensen (born Benson), wife
Of Captain J. ChrUteneen, a native of England,
aged 30 years and 9 months.
CONKLIN— In Napa City, April 13, 1896, Thomas
1-. Conklin, a native of Portland, Or., aged 28
yea.3 3 months and 24 days.
CUTTER— In this city. Tuesday. April 14, 1896,
Mrs. Jane A. Cutter, a native of New York City.
£_rNoliceof funeral hereafter.
DAW — In Oakland, April 12, 1896, John C. Daw
father of James M. and William J. Daw and
Mrs. Charles Barre, a native of Dundalk. County
Louth, Ireland, aged 60 years and 8 months.
tf^TThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. it., from his late
residence, 1161 Eighth street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 O'clock a. m. Interment private. Please
omit Bowers. ' ~ '•:.":"'■'
DINGSTAD— in this city, April 11, 1896, Thea
Dingstad, a native of Norway, aged 33 years.
DOOLEY— this city, April 12, 1896, Amanda
Loretta Dooley (nee Durkin). beloved wife of
W. M. Dooley, mother of Viola and. Barbara
Durkln, daughter of Mrs. Margaret Oaynor, and
sister of Mathew Gaynor. Mrs. Mary Curren and
Mrs. Maggie Dunivan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years.
4-." Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 215 Dorland street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock; a. it. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FOSTER— In this city, April 12, 1896, Joseph A.
Foster, beloved son of Mrs. Joseph Beaumont
and the late T. W. Foster, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years 9 months and 7 days.
it //-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. a., from Grace
M. E. Church, corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets.
HATCH— this city. April 12, 1896. Harriet A.
Hatch, beloved mother Of .Mr-. Mitchel and Mrs.
Cooper, a native of New York, aged S3 years.
Friends ami acquaintance** are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Co., 2 129
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In Oakland. April 13,1896, Charles
P. Johnson, a native of Norway, aged 67 years
and 3 months.
KEARNS-In this city, April 13. 1898, Ann,
beloved mother of Peter, Rose, Bernard and
Mollle Kearns, a native of County Armagh, Ire-
land, aged 55 years
JKs" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 8:30
o'clock a. it., from her late residence. 1042 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated lor the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. interment Holy cross Cemetery.
LITTLE— In this city, April 14, 1896. Frank W.,
beloved son of Kate B. end the late George i;.
Little, a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years 4
months and 24 days.
LUND— In Mount Eden, April 14, 1896. Peter,
beloved son of S. s. Lund and Delia N. Lund,
a native of California, aged 23 years 9 mouths
and 9 days.
A*~Friends and acquaintances are respect
fi'l'y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. __ from Haywards
Catholic Seminary.
Mccormick— ln this city, April 13, 1896, Jo-
hannah. dearly beloved wife of John S. .McCor-
mick, and mother of John, Johanuah, Julia, Ed-
ward and Mary -McCormick. a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 50 years. [Salem (Mass.)
papers please copy. J
S_r*Frlends arid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her lata
residence, 228 Lily avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
lor the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
t o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
McGUIRE— Tn South San Francisco, April 14.
1896, Blanche Madeleine McGuire, beloved and
youngest daughter of Arthur and Elizabeth Mc-
ciiiire, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1
month and 3 days.
jKs""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
res. .'.eiice of her parents, Fifteenth avenue south,
near 1* street south, luterment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MURPHY— In Oakland, April 14, 1896, Mary,
beloved wife of Michael Murphy, and mother of
Mrs. Joseph Cordnno. a native of the parish of
Ross, County Cork, Ireland, a.ed 64 year*.. .
ft yl-'rleuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th*' funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 654 Myrtle street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn requiem muss will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock A. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MURRAY'— An anniversary requiem mass forthe
repose of the soul of the late Bridget Murray
will oe celebrated TO-MORROW (Thursday),
commencing at 8 o'clock a. m., at St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully In-
vited to attend.
PECK— In this city. April 14,1896, Cassie Peck,
eldest child of Harry and Leunie McClelland,
a native of California, aged 10 years 6 months
and 20 days.
PHALAN — In this city, April 11, 1896. Rose Ann,
beloved wife of John I'halan, a native of Ireland,
ag'-d 53 years.
fl£§*Frlends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock x: is., from the par-
lors of McAvoy A Gallagher, 20 Fifth street,
thence to Holy Cross church . Eddy street, for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PIERSON— In this city, April 13, 1896, at the
residence of his son. R. R. Pierson, 405 Broder-
ick street, George Pierson, a native of New York,
aged 70 years and 6 mouths. [Park City (Utah)
papers please copy.]
AsTFrlends and Acquaintances aro resoect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from Pioneer
Hall, Fourth street, near Market. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
ROBERTS— In this city, April 14, 1896, George
G., beloved husband cf Margaret Roberts, la her
of Mrs. Jacob Gardner of Mill Valley. Mrs. Clark
Spence of San Jose, J. G. Roberts of Poitlaud,
Or.. Mrs. Charles F. Kinsman, Mary E.. EL W.,
James E. and Joseph F. Roberts of San Fran-
cisco, aged 76 years.
aOSTNotice or funeral hereafter.
SCHWARTZ— In Oakland, April 12, 1896. Fannie
Schwartz, a native of Roumania, aged 29 years
6 months and 8 days. .
STANGE— In St Helens, April 12,1896. Hermann
CL Stange. beloved son of Catherine Stange, and
brother of John Stange, Mrs. F. Groverman.
Henry and Jacob Btange, Mrs. H. Schmidt, Lena,
Maria and Carl Btange, a native of llolstein.
Germany, aged SO years 10 mouths and 18 day..
Friends and acquaintances ar? respect -
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock v. it., from the resi-
dence of his mother, 721 Fourteenth street, be-
tween Church and Sanchez. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cometery.
ST. DOMINICS CHURCH BUILDING ASSOCI A-
tiou— regular monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of the above association,
and for the deceased parents and relatives of the
members, will be celebrated in St. Dominic's
Church, Bush and Steiner streets. THIS DAY
■ (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m. Friends are in-
vited to Attend.
TRASK— In Felton, Santa Cruz County, April 13.
1896, Captain Joseph A. Trask, a native of
Maine, aged 63 years and 3 days.
ar_f"Frlends are invited to attend the funeral
THIS day (Wednesday), at 12 o'clock it., from
Odd Fellows' building.
WILLIAMS— In this city. April 11,1896. George
A. Williams, a native of England; aged 58 years.
1 UNITED INDKKT AKKHS'
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
. at Reasonable Hates.
Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
WICAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNRRAL DIfiF.CTORS * E3IBALMKR_,
SO FIX th St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
■ .—
1516
PUNS FOR THE
NEW POSTOFFICE
Changes Suggested by Post
master McCoppin a
Month Ago.
SUBMITTED TO AIKEN.
The Architect Is Responsible for
the Delay in Beginning
Work.
WILL NOW FORCE THE ISSUE.
Pressure Will B2 Brcujht to Bear on
the Department by the California
Delegation.
Postmaster McCoppin yesterday gave
out the correspondence between himself
and Supervising Architect Aiken at Wash
ington in regard to the changes in the
plans for the new Postoffice building in
this City. The letters of the Postmaster
go to show that he did everything in his
power to hasten matters rather than to
check the progress of the enterprise.
It was given out by the Architect's oilice
at Washington that the delay in the com
mencement of work on the building was
because of the delay which the Kan Fran
cisco Postmaster and the Federal Judges
had caused in not changing and returning
the Architect's plans as requested. This
letter of Mr. McCoppin to Mr. Aiken
clearly defines the position of the Post
master:
San Francisco. March IG, IS9C.
Hon. William H. Aiken, Supervising Architect,
Treasury Department, Washington, 1). V. -Dear
bin: Through the courtesy of lion. John P. Irish,
recently returned from Washington, I have
been permitted to inspect the "alternative
sketch plans for United states Courthouse,
Postoffice, etc.. San Francisco, Cal.." as pre
pared under your supervision, and at his sug
gestion I venture to offer a few ideas concern
ing the same. In doing so I am, of course,
proceeding upon the supposition that you will
be guided to some extent, in preparing plans,
by the representations of those who know from
practical experience what is required.
The modern postoffice requires special facili
ties for its accommodation and Its equipment,
for the best service is as particular in its way
as that required in any lactory or industrial
establishment. Its arrangement should be
such as to lacilitate every movement, provide
security and subserve the convenience and
comfort of both the public and the postal force
employed.
In my judgment the plan submitted fails to
meet these requirements in several particu
lars, and 1 take the liberty pointing: out to
you in detail such alterations as 1 think
should be made. [Here the Postmaster sug
gests that all closets, etc., be placed in the
basement of the building instead of upon the
main floor as provided in the plans.] A second
defect in the plan submitted is thatthe pro
posed stamp department is removed from and
out of touch with the cashier's department.
It is most essential tnat these two divisions of
theoffici should be in easy, communication
I nder the plan submitted all cash taken in for
stamps would have to be carried through the
public lobby for deliver; to the cashier. This
would not only be inconvenient but danger
ous.
1 think further that provision should be
made for the three -tamp windows opening
upon the public lobby, one for wholesale
transactions and two for retail purposes. The
retail divisions do not require much space, an
allotment of too square leet being sufficient
but the wholesale division should have room
enough to accommodate securely the im
mense stock of valuable supplies carried by an
office of this size. Tne space allotted upon the
plan before me. viz., 18x36," is not sufficient
ior this office unless provision be made for
storerooms beneath, communicating by ele
vator with the salerooms above. 1 would sue- !
gest, therefore, that the wholesale stamp
division be made to communicate directly
with the cashier's office: that such division be
given at least 1000 square feet of floor space
and thai two retail stamp apartments lead
irom the wholesale department. In this con
nection again I notice that no provision is
made for a vault in the cashier's division
Tnis is an absolute necessity; and I presume
its omission is due to an oversight.
The room set aside for the assistant Post
master, viz.. 18x30, is larger than it neea be
An apartment 22x20 is sufficient. I would
suggest that space be saved here and given to
the anteroom leading to the Postmaster's quar
ters. The anteroom is an important feature of
the ban Francisco Postoffice. Here the public
is received and the inquiry clerk and messen
ger nave desks. It is constantly thronged
with people and should be roomy" well-venti
lated and comfortable.
Another and a very serious objection which
J find to the plan submitted consists in the
lact that the registry and money order divi
sions ore placed at opposite extremes of the
building, The relations of these branches of
the service to each other are such that this
separation should be avoided if possible I be
lieve it can be avoided in tha plan under con
sideration.
Money order remittances amounting to up
ward of four million dollars are annualiv re
ceived at this office through the Registry De
partment. Two-thirds of these remittances
come in coin and have to be transferred from
one division to the other.
The same objection already noted in the
stamp department holds good here, only more
so. Communication under the plan proposed
would have to be had either through the pub
lic corridors or across the working floor space
of the interior floor. I would obviate this by
putting the money order departmental the
corner of Seventh and Mission streets instead
ol at the corner of Seventh and Stevenson
L nder such an arrangement it would be possi
ble to provide means of communication between
the two divisions which would be both safe
and convenient To do this would necessitate
the transfer of .... ihe offices now placed to the
right of the main entrance. l know of no
objection to such transfer. There is still another
detect in the proposed plans for the money
order division No provision is made for a
money order lobby. Such 8 :i apartment is in
dispensable in a properly equipped postoffice.
as otherwise desks and writing materials for
the accommodation of the public in filling out
applications, etc.. would have to be placed in
the main corridors.
I would further invite attention to the fact
that no place Is designated upon the plan
under consideration for lock-boxes These
mieht be placed in the partition which sepa
rates the interior floor space from the public
lobby, on the Stevenson-street side of the build
ing.
.nc general plan of the rear driveway, mail
ing-platform, location of registry division and
working space of main office door under the
skylight I think pood. I would, however
eliminate the toilet to the right of the Mission
street entrance and include the space so saved
in a roomy vault for the use ol the registry di
vision, pushing the registry lobby at the same
time over i*> the other side.
1 presume the plan is to Rive the central floor
space to the distribution forces of the office In
that ease I would place tne city delivery divi
sion on the Stevenson-street side and utilize
the space on the Mission-street side of the
cential area for the mailing and foreign divi
sions. The superintendents of these two di
visions need offices.
To meet this necessity I suggest that the .'pace
within the general area on the side of the ele
vator be partitioned off so as to provide four
additional rooms. These would be utilized re
spectively for records, superintendent of
mails, superintendent of city delivery and di
rectory clerks. The two , superintendents
would be advantageously located for tbe super
Highest of all in Leavening Power. Latest U. S. Gov't Report
ABSOLUTELY. PURE
vision of their respective departments and
would at the same time be easily reached by
the public.
In order to more fully embody my ideas of a
proper working plan for the Postoftice in this
City I beg: to hereto append a rough diagram
based upon your alternative sketch. It would
serve to show in a general way the allotments
and subdivisions of floor space which will lv
my judgment best subserve the interests of the
postal department at this point. • lYf-Y:
You will observe that 1 have, in order to
make room for the money order division,
shortened the public lobby running parallel
with Seventh street, and which is extended
upon your plan to the Mission-street walls. I
offset this by bringing the public lobby which
runs parallel to Mission street through to the
Seventh-street wall. '... ■
I would suggest, however, that the space lost
at this point, which I have marked with a red
star upon my diagram, be given to the cashier's
and stamp divisions unless it be absolutely
necessary to leave it open lor the admission of
lien into the public lobby. .
'{rusting you will not consider me Intrusive
in this matter, and assuring you that I am
only anxious to co-operate with your honor
able department in securing for San Francisco
a postofliee establishment which will meet the
wants of this people for the next half century
to come, 1 remain, yours very respectfully,
Frank McCoppin, Postmaster.
In reply to this letter the Postmaster re
ceived a communication from Mr. Aiken,
dated at Washington, March 27, thanking
him for his suggestions and outlining ad
ditional changes in the plans. Postmaster
McCoppin replied to this letter on April
7, four days alter its arrival and after he
hail carefully gone over the plans again.
lie did not like the second plan and be
said so. The substitution by Mr. Aiken
of six main entrances to the Postoffice for
three, as first intended, did not meet with
the approval of the Postmaster. He said
in his reply that the change would break
up the floor space and render it more diffi
cult to secure arrangements which, in bis
judgment, were necessary for the conven
ience of the postal service. The two best
rooms on the lloor, for instance — those at
the corner of Seventh and Mission and
Seventh and Stevenson streets respec
tively— be so isolated as to be out of
touch with other divisions and to that ex
tent illy adapted for the service contem
plated. The Postmaster ventured the
further criticism that two minor entrances
facing on the same street would give a
less imposing effect architecturally than
might be derived from one. The Post
master emphasized his former suggestions
as to interior arrangements and declared
that he was exceedingly anxious that the
proposed building should be so arranged
as to meet the requirements of the postal
service of San Francisco for the next fifty
years.
Now the department will have to fur
nish some other excuse for the long delay
in commencing work on the Postolfice.
An effort will be made to have the Cali
fornia delegation at Washington force the
department to begin the work without
further delay.
DEATH ON A TRESTLE
R. H. Green Run Down and Killed
Yesterday by the San Jose
Express.
Two Little Girls Witness the Accident
and Say That the Whistle Was
Not Blown.
C. H. Green, 75 years of age, bowed
under the weight of his years and dim of
eye, was struck down by the San Jose
express at the corner of Day street and
railroad crossing yesterday afternoon at
3:13 o'clock, and received injuries from
which death resulted in the course of half
an hour.
The old man was the proprietor of a
hardware-store at 13-8 Valencia street,
and at the time of the accident was re
turning to his store alter delivering an
j order of goods to a customer. He passed
! up Uay street to the railroad track and
climbed a 15-foot embankment in order to
cross a trestle which spans a deep and
dusty chasm. He had just reached the
trestle and was about to start across when
the express train shot around a curve and
bore down upon him.
He did not see nor hear the train until
it Tras within a few yards of him, and then
it was too late and he was struck and
hurled down the embankment. As soon
as possible Engineer Algere brought his
train to a standstill, and backed up to
where the injured man lay unconscious
and bleeding. He was picked up and
placed in a baggage-car, and the train hur
ried on to the Valencia-street station.
Upon making the station Green was carried
into the waiting-room, and a physician
hastily summoned from St. Luke s Hos
pital, a few blocks away, but when he ar
rived it was found that the injured man
was dead.
The Coroner was then notified and Dep
uty Coroners Hallet and McGinnis took
charge of the remains and removed them
to the Morgue. An examination of the
body disclosed the fact that deceased had
sustained a fracture of the skull at the
base, death resulting from hemorrhage of
th c brain.
There were two witnesses to the sad ac
cident, and although they are both girls of
tender years, they are nevertheless ex
ceedingly bright and are competent wit
nesses. Their names are Alma Voightand
Dediama Millard, the former residing at
122 and the latter at 306 Valley street.
Both girls are inclined to biame the en
gineer and fireman for the accident, as
they say that the engine's whistle was not
blown nor its bell sounded.
"When we first saw Mr. Green he was
slowly walking along the track towards
trestle," said Miss Millard, speaking about
the accident last evening, "and both of us
girls noticed the danger in which he was
placing himself in starting across the
trestle. In event a train comes along
while you are crossing the span there is no
way of escape, and death is inevitable.
We were just thinking and talking
about his danger when the train came
whizzing around the curve, and naturally
we became frightened and covered up our
eyes with our hands. We took our hands
away from our faces, however, b_for_ the
train struck Mr. Green, and saw him make
a kind of a leap for safety just a second
before he was knocked down. The train
struck him and when we looked again he
was lying part way down the embank
ment, blood flowing from an awful cut in
his head. -.-.
"We waited until the train backed up
and carried him away, and then we ran
home, as we were badly frightened, being
unused to such horrible sights."
Mrs. Green, widow of deceased, who is
also over 70 years of age, is prostrated with
grief owing to the death of her husband.
"We were married over fifty years ago,"
she said, "and just to think' that I will
never see him again. Well, thank God, I
am very sickly and have not long to live
and so I will soon be with him. I did not
know he was dead," she continued, "until
an undertaker called and asked me if I
had as yet employed any one to look after
mv husband's funeral. Just think, the
undertakers were informed as to my hus
band's death even before I was and I
think that it is a shame.
"We have no children of our own no
one but an adopted daughter, and she is
all I have left, but I suppose that I must
be contented and await the day when I
too will leave this world and join my hus
band in the great beyond." .v, ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15, 1896.
LAWYERS GO TO LISTEN.
The Martin Case Attendance Is
Increasing Day by
Day.
SHARP FENCING BY COUNSEL
Experts in Handwriting and an Expert
at Testifying Entertain the
Audience.
Judge Daingerfield's court has developed
remarkable powers of attraction with the
progress of the Martin case. No recent
civil case has been contested as has been
this against the Southern Pacific Railroad
to recover damages for having expelled a
passenger from a train at an out-of-the
way station because the passenger's signa
ture, written at the request of the con
ductor, did not .seem to agree with the
signature as written on the ticket at the
time of its purchase.
It is not so much the elements in the
action itself that create the interest, nor
the quality or character of the evidence,
but the contest, now with broadswords
and now with rapiers, of the giants who
sit on the opposite sides of the counsel
table. • ~fy-
The battle has been an intellectual treat
to the older and an object lesson to young |
WHITING EXPERT EISENSCHIMMEL ON THE STAND.
attorneys, by whom the courtroom has
been crowded for the past few days.
The little tincture of acrimony" between
the opponents in which the trial began
has sauced each day's proceedings ns it
went, and the confidence with which its
outcroppings were expected ' went far
toward putting a premium on the seating
capacity of the courtroom. Each inch of
the proceedings has been contested, not
hotly, as the term goes, but coldly anu
scientifically.
Many of the lawyers of the Fair will
case dropped in during the day, George A.
Knight sitting at General Barnes' "table
and Reuben ri. Lloyd at that of Mr. Del
mas through a large part of the morning
session.
The defense attacked the plaintiff on his
morals and his handwriting yesterday —
morals in the morning, handwriting in the
afternoon; morals through the medium of
the Midway Plaisance and handwriting
through Carl Eisenschimmel and a few oth
ers. The interest was about equally di
vided between the two— the Midway and
Eisenschimmel.
It was undertaken to be shown that the
plaintiff (Martin) had committed the
grave error of having visited the Midway
Plaisance during his visit to the City.
Police Sergeant Davis had seen him there.
There was a long struggle between
counsel as to the relevancy and admis
sibility of the evidence and of the qualifi
cation of the police sergeant to testify as
to thechaiacterof the place. The sergeant
said he knew its character, had himself
seen the Oriental muscle dance there, and
also had seen men and women frequent
ing the boxes.
"What was the character of the
women?" asked General Barnes.
"Your Honor will see where that is lead
ing us," said Mr. Delmas, after he had
made his objection. "The witness has
seen fifty women there perhaps. Under
cross-examination we will want to know
their names, their residences, and how he
knows their character — we will have the
right, I mean, to put fifty questions con
cerning each of the fifty women. There is
no end to it." "<~<yy '. >
But the question was allowed. The
witness answered very promptly that he
did not know their character.
William Ross of the passenger depart
ment went on the stand to explain the
methods of the ticket-scalper and the
relations of the railroad company to him.
At every point Attorney Delmas offered
objection on the ground of irrelevancy;
the ticket-scalper had nothing to do with
the case. But still the questions were
allowed, the court volunteering an excep
tion. In most cases Delmas would reply.
"We do not except."
The field of inquiry widened. Mr. Ross,
encouraged, amplified his answers and
was explaining at length how the ticket
scalper gave a guarantee that money
should be refunded in case the ticket was
lifted, and how faith was generally broken
i and the traveler wound up in his (Ross')
oflice with a grievance.
"Your Honor," said Delmas, "we have
the full history of the relationship of this
railroad company and the scalper, of the
legislation one way and another at Sacra
mento, of the bribery and pollution that
have characterized that story and brought
disgrace upon the State, and finally, when
the smoke of their battles has cleared
away, of how we found the lion and the
lamo lying down together that they
might with greater comfort to themselves
fleece and shear the other lambs, j Are we
to have the whole story?"
t General Barnes rose up. "The trouble
j seems to be that the character of this de
i fense is not understood," be said. "We
j propose to show that tlm plaintiff had this
j game in hand from the beginning; that
he put himself under suspicion of the
agents of the company for the purpose of
being put off the train and bringing a
suit here for the recovery of damages in
the sum of $75,000; that "he went to the
ticket-brokers in this City and offered to
sell or trade his ticket* and that was re
ported to the office of the company, and
attention was so directed toward him ; that
when asked to write his signature he made
such a burlesque of it that no bank would
think of cashing a draft upon it when
compared to the signature on the ticket;
that when put off the train he was getting
what he himself was planning for. It is
for this reason that we wish to show the
methods of the scalping, business— is
preliminary to the other."
"If this be the purpose of the inquiry,"
said Delmas, "to show that this plaintiff is
practicing a deception it passeth under
standing why they don't show it. If he is
a fraud they should prove it; if he tried to
sell his ticket to the broKers they should
prove it; if he wrote his name purposely
in conflict with his proper signature they
should prove it. It is certainly not to the
purpose to wander through all the ramifi
cations of the scalping war. If they do
prove it they make a complete defense and
the case is at end, and this plaintiff will
receive nothing at the. hands of the jury,
as he should receive nothing. If they
prove it they prove that this man deceived
us as he deceived the conductor.
"On the other hand, whatever the dis
crepancy in the handwriting of the plain
tiff, if it occurred honestly in the course of
this transaction out of which this case
grows, the plaintiff is entitled to damages.
And how are we to reconcile the state
ments herein made concerning the
plaintiff's deliberate attempt to defraud
the defendant with the latter's offer to
him of compromise."
General Barnes here brusauely inter
rupted and denied that any reference had
been made to compromise except the
statement- of Mr. Ross on the witness
stand as to the offer of compensation for
the loss of time. That was within the time
limit allowed by law.
Mr. Delmas recalled an. instance where
General Barnes had himself referred to
this offer. He should not then complain
of his (Delmas') use of it. The fact was,
he said, the big corporation was willing to
recognize and pay damages provided they
were very small. " ... . : _
Judge Daingerfield allowed the ques
tions as asked, reasoning somewhat as fol
lows :
"The evidence is here that the plaintiff
is considerable of a traveler. The same
set of circumstances applying to the case
of some other man who had traveled little
would properly exclude this line of ques
tioning. But we must suppose that he is
familiar with the requirements of rail
roads in selling the class of ticket he held
and the precautions deemed necessary to
be taken by the railroad company against
imposition and loss through the traffic in
the same."
Ana so the inquiry was continued
through a long explanation of the scalp
in _ business. ..
Witnesses as to handwriting kept the
stand all the afternoon. George Grant,
acting teller of the Nevada Bank, and W.
A. Stinson, paying teller at the Anglo-
California Bank, testified that they would
not pay money on any draft confronted
with such discrepancy of signatures as the
various writings of plaintiff exhibited.
Carl Eisenschimmel, expert on handwrit
ing as well as expert witness, amused and
entertained the crowded courtroom with a
detailed study of the signatures he had
made. He presented enlarged photo
graphs of the various signatures, and from
, the up and down strokes thus clearly
shown descanted on the "habits" of the
writer which the lines conveyed to him.
Having explained how the pen must
have been held to write the characters,
and how certain of the sinews labored
harder in the performance than others, he
explained that all of them must have been
written by the same man, and that all ex
cept those on the ticket were evidently an
attempt to disguise the hand.
Cross-examining, Delmas called atten
tion, to the differences between the signa
tures on the two sides of the ticket, one
using the Greek "c," the other not. Here
a long discussion arose as to which was the
front and which the back of the ticket.
The court suggested to the witness that
he use the words obverse and reverse to
distinguish them. V :Yyyyy.yy>Y~
"We will call them 'front and back';
that is plain Eaglish," said Delmas.
A draft was submitted to the witness,
dated previous to the date of the ticket,
which bore the signature and the name of
a bank in the plaintiff's, handwriting and
which presented the very differences in
style and formations of capital letters as
marked the signature in question, and
upon which the witness had lain stress as
showing conclusively an attempt to dis
guise the hand.
Eisenschimmel at once said the writing
was by the same hand, but declared this,
too, was an attempt to disguise the hand.
"You mean to say that this man has
disguised his hand on a draft to be pre
sented to his own bankers for payment? - '
The witness after some quibbling de
clared flatly, "I say now this is not a dis
guised hand, but simply a change of style."
I The case will be resumed , to-day.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. ttyan & Ryan, 10 Mongomery avenue. * .
NO SPLIT IN THE ARMY.
Brigadier Keppel Says Seced
ing Salvationists Don't
Count.
NO NATIONAL PREJUDICE.
The American Jurisdiction May Bs
Divided Into Three Command
eries or Sections.
Considerable comment has been called
forth in local Salvationist circles by The
Call's dispatch of yesterday containing a
statement purporting to have been made
by Mr. and Mrs. Ballington Booth. In
brief, the statement imputes to General
Booth an intense aversion to things and
ways American. So far, say the ex
commander and his lady, does the vener
abie general's antagonism extend that he
is about to divide the United States juris
diction of the Salvation Army Into three
sections,' each section having a slice of
Canadian soil tacked to the north of it.
Popular rumor went further yet, assum
ing that the general's intention was to
divide the United States Salvationist
workers so as to prevent anything like
national feeling among them, so far as
their work might be concerned. To more
effectually put down any approach to a
distinctively American branch of the
Salvation Army it was said the general
would have each American district em
brace a small portion of Canadian territory,
in which the jurisdictional headquarters
would be located and. to which all dona
tions would have to be sent after the ex
penses of each branch had been paid. The
statement of ex-Commander and Mrs.
Ballington Booth would seem, to some ex
tent, at least, to bolster up these flying
reports.
Brigadier Keppel, though a busy man
is a good conversationist. His attention
being called to the statement of Mr. and
Mrs. Ballington Booth he read it through
carefully before making any remark.
'•This," he said at length, "you must
understand, is our first information on
the subject mentioned. Until we receive
orders directly from London we cannot
allow any newspaper statements to influ
ence us. At present, also, it seems to me,
it would be premature to express an opin
ion, except in a purely personal way. It
is only my personal view of the matter —
mv individual opinion— that I am able to
give.
"First of all, there has been no 'split' in
the army. Its history, like that of every
other organization, is dotted wit.i deser
tions and secessions; but in the Salvation
Army there has been no corporate division
commander, and Mrs. Ballington Booth
was immensely popular. Both possess
fascinating personal attractions and a de
votedness to their work which gained
for them the respect as well as the
affection of their subordinates. Yet, when
they left the army their following was
small and comparatively insignificant.
Brigadier Fielding of Chicago was, per
haps the most important member of the
army to secede with them. Major Glenn
of New York, the cashier and accountant
of the New York headquarters, Staff Cap
tain Pattie Watkins, whose singing has
made her famous, and two or three other
captains, with a scattering detachment of
the rank and file, make up the sum total.
Major Glenn has sent in his submission to
the army and asked for readmission with
in its ranKs, and I have heard that Captain
Pattie Watkins has done the same.
"Now. as to the division of the Ameri
can jurisdiction, It would appear that
General Booth, in considering tne matter,
was swayed rather by ideas of conveni
ence and facility of travel than by any no
tion of national feeling. The United
States is too large a country for one com
mander.
"During the nine years of Ballington
Booth's incumbency he visited the Pacific
Coast only once. 1 would not wish to be
quoted as saying anything definite, nor
can I speak with precision in this connec
tion; but I think the American jurisdic
tion will be divided into three comman
deries, one embracing the Pacific Slope
with British Columbia, perhaps, thrown
in, with the commander's headquarters in
San Francisco; another comprising the
territory west from Detroit to the Rocky
Mountains, with headquarters at Chicago,
and one covering the Atlantic Coast, with
its center in New York City.
"Perhaps North Dakota, Montana and
some other Northern States and Territories
may continue to be governed from Toronto,
owing to the greater facility with which
they can be reached and visited from that
point; but I have no reason to believe that
such will be the case. _ do not believe,
however, that General Booth wishes to
render the army odious to loyal citizens of
any country. Though governed from Eng
land it is not English; nor is it American.
It is a world-wide agency for good, and is
entirely free Irom all national limitations.
If 'policy' can be mentioned in connection
with a work whose only object is the salva
tion of -souls, this, it seems to me, is the
only safe policy for the army to pursue."
When asked as to defections trom the
army on this coast the genial brigadier re
plied: Yy
"They have been few and unimportant.
In San Jose twenty-three of our soldiers
had seceded, and yesterday (Sunday) the
ringleaders came back to their old al
legiance. In this City we have three or
four ex-soldiers in what is called the 'Gos
pel Army.' There is another band of three
or four men known as 'Jesus' Army,' of
which I personally know little, save that
its moving spirit is a man of deep piety
with a fervent Jove of souls. . None ot his
adherents are deserters from the Salvation
Army, so far as I have learned.
"To sum up the whole matter," con
cluded Brigadier Keppel, as he rose in
answer to a request from one of the clerks,
"the grand eld army is not divided: there
is no split in it: it continues to receive di
rections as to its plan of work from Eng
land: but its field is the world and its only
sovereign the God whose majesty it seeks
to serve." ,;;;';
DEFYING THE LAW.
A Young Man Arrested for Selling Five
and Ten Cent Pools to
Boys.
Thomas Mullen, 24 years of age, who
calls himself a circus performer, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Mounted
Policemen Dinzler and Wilkinson for vio
lating the pool ordinance. Mullen was
arrested about two Weeks ago for the same
offense, and Judge Low dismissed the
case. He takes up a position outside the
Insleside racetrack fence, and has a crowd
of newsboys and messenger- boys around
him. They bet their nickels and dimes
with Mullen on the races, and he makes
up his books on each race, charging his
commission after the results are Known by
watching the races from the branches of a
tree.
The spirit of gambling is infused into
the minds of the boys by the doings of
such men as Mullen, who has openly de
fied the police since Judge Low dismissed
the case against him. The police will
push the case against him this time with
all their vigor, and hope to be able to
secure a conviction from some other Judge.
'y'.'y » — ■♦ — «
The Clairvoyant Cases.
The cases ol Professors Van de Vere and
Eugene, the clairvoyants, charged by ex-Post
master Bell of Carson City, Nev., with obtain
ing $1100 from him, were called in Judge
Low .court again yesterday afternoon. After
some unimportant testimony the prosecution
rested its case, and the defense asked for a con
tinuance till April _:_:, which was granted.
-.■ ■ NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
LINENS! LINENS!
SPECIAL SALE OF 25 CASES
German Linens
Our customers are respectfully informed that we
have just opened an immense shipment of GERMAN
LINENS, consisting of TABLE DAMASKS, TABLE
NAPKINS, TABLE CLOTHS, DINNER SETS, DAMASK
TOWELS, HUCK TOWELS, DOYLIES, HEMSTITCHED
SCARFS, LUNCH SETS, LINEN PILLOW CASES,
LINEN SHEETS, HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS, and
LINEN BREAKFAST SETS. Many of the designs in
these goods are confined exclusively to us, and the goods
will be sold at the lowest prices ever known in San
Ft-fencisco.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
In connection with the above sale of Linens we will
offer this week 9 CASES SUPERFINE CALIFORNIA
WHITE BLANKETS, PURE AUSTRALIAN WOOL,
size 74x82,
Price $A_^
____ " Pair
TELEPHONE _VE__VX3Xr Q'7'7'7,
1892. ___]> ___f^ 1 -rf
ill, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
ASKS FOR A LIGHTSHIP
The Chamber of Commerce Pe
titions the California
Delegation.
Thomas B. Reed Also Will Be Re
quested to Work for the Nicar
j-gua Canal Bill.
The board of trustees of the Chamber of
Commerce met at 2 p. m. yesterday, and
considered many subjects of importance to
the City and port of San Francisco.
Among them were the extension of the
belt railroad south of Market street, the
obtaining of an appropriation for a light
ship in place of the present inefficient
whistling-buoy, the establishment of a
board of arbitration with legal power, as
in the Chambers of Commerce of New
York and London; the adoption of official
certificates of competency, to be given of
ficers in the merchant service in respect to
navigation and seamanship; the establish
ment of a United States department of
commerce, with a representative in the
Cabinet. Referred to the quarterly meet
ing of the chamber on Tuesday, April 21.
The official, honorary certificate of mem
bersnip for "eminent public services" was
presented to Colonel Wendell, United
Stat es Engineers. The chamber only per
mits these certificates in rare instances,
and they are esteemed an honor which
only eminent p uhlic service can obtain. .
A communication was received from one
of the local navigation schools and from j
one of the commercial papers of the City,
requesting the Chamber of Commerce to j
appoint experts in navigation and seaman- 1
ship, who would issue certificates of com- |
petency, after due examination, under the I
sanction of the chamber.
lt was resolved that a letter be sent to
the Califo/nian delegation in Congress re
questing them to endeavor to procure the
establishment of a lightship in San Fran
cisco Bay, near the site of the present
whistling buoy. It was further resolved
that a letter he sent to Thomas B. Reed,
earnestly requesting his urgent endeavor ]
for the passage of the Nicaragua canal bill.
Thirty-one new firms and individuals
were elected to membership, which now
numbers 440.
The letter to Mr. Reed ran as follows :
Hon. Thomas B. Heed, Speaker of the House of
Representatives— Sir: Tne Chamber of Com
merce of San Francisco respectfully but
urgently request that you will aid the enact
ment of the Nicaragua Canal bill in the Fifty
fourth Congress at the earliest.possible date,
permitting its prompt consideration by the
House of Representatives when reported by
the committee having it in charge. The
canal question has been before Congress for
several session, and has been thoroughly dis
cussed. Both political parties have pro
nounced at National conventions in its favor.
us have also Presidential candidates in their
letters of acceptance.
The development of our commerce, our in
dustries, our international influence, our
j political and military safety, all demand its
prompt construction under control of our
Government. It will no more injure vested
interests than the Erie canal or the St. Mary's
canal connecting both the Great Lakes. On
the contrary; like them, it will create a rapid
development on the west coast of the United
States, which will aid inland transportation
interests. It will rapidly increase our mer
chant marine and open the Pacific Ocean to
the Mississippi Valley and to our Gulf States.
It will double the efficiency of our naval
forces and greatly promote our foreign com
merce. - '
Your former residence on this coast and your
knowledge of its necessities encourage our citi
zens to hope that you will now aid them in this
patriotic public duty.
Tnis Chamber of Commerce, largely repre
senting business interests of the Pacific States
and Territories, is confident that you will not
permit the fair and prompt consideration of
this important measure to be longer postponed,
to the serious detriment of our country. With
assurances of our high respect, we subscribe
ourselves your fellow-citizens,
. The Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco. '
DR. WILBOR'S
EMULSION
OF
PURE COD LIVER OIL
WITH PHOSPHATES
Cures consumption, coughs, colds, asth«
ma, bronchitis, debility, wasting diseases
and all scrofulous humors. Almost as
palatable as cream. It can be taken with
pleasure by delicate persons and children,
who, after using it, become very fond of it.
It assimilates with the food, increases the
flesh and appetite, builds up the nervous
system, restores energy to mind and body,
creates new, rich and pure blood; in fact,
rejuvenates the whole system. Flesh
Nerve, Blood, Brain. This preparation is
far superior to all other preparations of
Cod Liver Oil; it has many imitators, but
no equals. The results following its use aro
its best recommendations. Be sure, as you
value your health, and get the genuine.
j Manufactured only by DR. A. B. WILBOR,
I Chemist, Boston, Mass.
FURNITURE
| CARPETS.
' Four- room Outfit, Parlor.Din-)
; ing room, Bedroom ..^ nd [ §7s.oo
Kitchen f $ / O.UU
Solid Oak Bedroom Suit, 6) Ol £* t_ A
pieces. Bevel mirror, 22x28) V JLO.OU
Large Assortment Fancy Oak) Q-t f_f\
and Mahogany Rockers....) tJ)JL.OU
| And Upward
i Eleeant Desks and Bookcases,! . &A An
I highly polished .} $4:.UU
And Upward
Fine Parlor Suits, upholstered) C_OP_ f_A
in brocatelle ) *pZiD.\J\J
. And Upward
I Choice Patterns in Velvets,! A fl4-~
Brussels and Ingrains, > O\J I_.lU*>
sewed, laid and lined ) and upward
Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices, Houses
furnished all over the Coast oa easy payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention. floods
packed and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley, Insoecnon cordially invited and
credit extended to all.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224, 228, 23!) snd 306 pnd 308
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone. Main 1328. Open Evening!.
THE DEIMEL
Linen-Mesh Underwear
Healthy. Comfortable, Cleanly, Durable.
FOX SALE AT THK STORE OF
The Deirael Linen-Mesh System Company,
111 Montgomery St., Occidental notel. _
cc>s3vi:<3i : »<->i J i»r_A.isj".
Opposite U.S. Mint, lot) and 10. at! Ml
* rancisco, Cal.-The most select family bote lli
the city. Board and room, $_, *1 25 and 11 50 dm
255-7 w 1 S ,n « t0 i, riK)rn - Meals 2_£ Kooi__ro
■««_■' a ,2* y - * ree co* oll l ° aud I'om the hotel,
look for the coach bearing the name Proprietor.
mopolitan Hotel. wlf _.- A UI_Y. Kropneiocno_text