VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 82.
GOEBEL'S BILL
NEXT IN ORDER
The Discussion on Repeal
May Begin To-day in
Frankfort.
BITTER FIGHT EXPECTED
Huntington's Forces Will Seek to
Delay Action by Making
Long Speeches.
SENATOR HAYS' DECLARATION.
Opposes the Repeal Measure Because
the Magnate Has Long Been
His Friend.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. lfl.-Thcre is
but one bill of importance ahead of the
bill to repeal the Southern P.icitic charter
in the Senate. This is the house of reform
bill, which has been made a special order
for 11 o'clock to-morrow. Respite the
shrewd tactics of Huntington'* managers
in taking an active parts in all debates in
these measures in their fight for time un
der the guise of interest in the bills, the
friends of the repeal bill hope to force the
light and shut off debate in time to dispose
of these matters and have t!ie bill come
Dp before the end of to-morrow's session.
Lengthy debates are expected by Senator
Hays and his Huntington friends against
the bill and Senator Goebel for the meas
ure, and the fight will v/arm up to a high
pitch before the bill is passed in the upper
branch.
Two sessions a day have already begun
to be talked of, and are expected to begin
in the House some time next week. The
news is hailed with delight Dy friends of
the repeal bill, who will lend hearty aid
to the move, as it will greatly facilitate
the measure. Huntington's managers are
Keeping shy, but the strong tight they are
putting up to defeat the bill is every day
more apparent.
••I am opposed to Senator Goebel's bill,
cr any other looking to the repeal of the
Southern Pacific Company's charter," said
Senator Hays this morning, as he stood in
the lobby of the Senate cnamber, "because
Mr. Huntington lias been a friend of mine
for many years, and I do not believe it
just that the Legislature of Kentucky
should repeal a charter that it granted
years a^i and unner which great enter
prises have been projected and set on foot.
For tneh large undertakings vast capital
is required, and a great many persons are
interested as stockholders. To repeal
the ciiarter would necessarily cause great
■.A distress among them.
"The people of California should protect
themselves through the courts ana their
Kailroad Commission, 'eend to eend,' and
v e are going to beat it, too, in the Senate,
and beat it badly. It should never have
been introduced."
The major seemed a bit conscious that
an ancient friendship with Mr. Hunting
ton, and the consequent employment of
free passes and other privileges on his
roads, were not such reasons for his action
as would entirely satisfy his constituents
and the public generally, but they were
the best he had, and so he gave them, with
his argumentative conclusions to back
them up. When he said, "Let the people
of California protect themselves through
the courts and the Kailroad Commission,"
he did not mean to be so sarcastic, as that
is not the major's way. He oniy meant
that the interests and the wishes of the
large body of his fellow-countrymen now
groaning under the .burdens put upon
them by Huntington <fc Co. were a second
ary consideration with him so long as he
enjoyed the friendship of the atomic
souled old man.
That intimacy has been a valuable one
to the major. It saves him at least 00
cents a day m railroad fare in and out to
his place on the C. O. & S. W. road.
The major was the subject of a scathing
editorial in the Louisville Evening Post
the other day in which he was charged
with misrepresenting niscity and repudia
ting his party by his course in the Sena
torial contest and with pursuing the same
with a view of making trades of votes for
certain purposes. It winds up by Baying
that "it is another and a final illustration
of Mr. Hayes 1 unfitness for any public
service — an unb'tness that was discovered
years ago. When this district refused to
■end him to Congress, though he did have
the Democratic nomination. Had he the
reeard for his constituents that he pro
fesses, Mr. Hayes would resign at once."
Well, not much! Mr. Huntington wants
the major there and tne major will stay.
Tneir antagonism on the Senatorial race
has developed some unfriendly feeling
between Mr. "Weissinger and Major Hayes,
which it is to be hoped will have its effect
when the repeal bill comes up and keep
"Weissinger rather in the lukewarm state
as far as giving a hearty support to the ef
forts of the major against it is concerned.
Senator C. C. AicChord of Springfield,
Ky., wno is warm in his support of tue re ;
ieal bill, has introduced a bill himself
looking to the protection of the people by
enlarging the powers of the Railroad Com
mission of which he was lately a member.
He ie a fine lawyer and a popular man and
will lend Goebel very material assistance.
He knows something of Huntington's
methods from his former experience and
the influx of an additional force of lobby
ists to fight his bill will only put him more
on his mettle and fix him firmly on Goebel's
tide.
The supporters of Senator Blackburn,
while not surprised at tl^e tenor ol Secre
tary Carlisle's letter declining to assist
lilackburn in the Senatorial fight, are
nngry as hornets orer the cool and delib
erate rebuff they have received. The re
f'llt of it is to widen the breach between
the respective factions on the financial
stion in this State and also to intensify
i lie feeling between the party and the Sec
mary. The gold men are jubilant over
Mr. Carlisle's course and say that had he
lent Blackburn a helping hand it would
have been no use to attempt to send a
The San Francisco Call.
sound-money delegation to the National
Convention.
The joint assembly had trouble at the
start to-day over a supposed pair between
Senators Bowling (R.)and Walker (D.),
as a misunderstanding arose over it, and
when Senator Bowling answered to his
name a dozen Democrats arose and chal
lenged his right to respond. Considerable
excitement prevailed for the time, but in
the meantime Mr. Walker came into the
hali and straightened matters out.
The twenty-sixth ballot resulted: Hun
ter. 60; Black Dum, 00; scattering, 8. Nec
essary to a choice, 66.
In an interview to-day Dr. Godfrey
Hunter, Republican nominee for United
States Senator, announced for the first
time that he was for "sound" money. Mr.
Hunter said :
"In the State convention, which, de
clared unconditionally for a gold stand
ard. I was a member of the platform com
mittee and fought for that platform. 1
am a 'sound' money advocate and always
have been. I refer to my course in Con-
press and to my public utterances. I have
not yet seen any cause to change the views
I have heretofore held."
mil. yOT jyiERFERE.
Secretary Carlisle's Heply to the Appeal
J'rnni Kentucky Democrats*
WASHINGTON, I). C, Feb. 19.— The
text of Secretary Carlisle's letter to the
Kentucky Democracy, reference to which
has been made in Kentucky dispatches to
The Call, is as follows:
Gentlemen: Your telegram, in which you ap
peal to me to request and urge that live Demo
cratic members of the general assembly who
are not supporting the nominee, to join with
us (you) In voting for him was duly received,
and has been given the careful consideration
which Its object and the number and character
of its signers demanded.
Inasmuch as the five gentlemen referred to
are pcting in a representative capacity and are
familiar with the whole situation and all the
circumstances connected with it, 1 am bound
to assume that they are more competent than
I am to determine their duty to their party
and their constituents and how that duty shall
be discharged, and an attempt by me to influ
ence their action might very properly be.
regarded by them as a presumptuous interfer
ence in a matter of the gravest importance,
which has been committed solely to their own
judgments.
But even if this were not so, I have no right
to assume that the honest convictions of the
five gentlemen alluded to in your communica
tion could be changed by my interference, or
that they could be induced contrary to such
convictions by advice which they have not
solicited. Having heretofore tendered no ad
vice or made any suggestion, directly or iudi
rectlv. to any member of the General Assembly
on either side of the unfortunate controversy
now existing, I must respectfully decline to do
so now or hereafter.
It may not be considered inappropriate in
this brief response to your appeal to assure
you that 1 will at all times cheerfully co
operßte In any proper manner with you and
all others in any effort that may be "made to
unite all our friends in supporting the Demo
cratic organization in Kentucky and main
taniinsj sound Democratic principles and poli
cies as declared by the constituted authorities
of the party, State and National, and to repeat
what tins been said to all who have cared to
ascertain my views upon the subject, thnt I
sincerely aesire to see the present General
Assembly send to the Senate of the United
States a Democrat who is in fall sympathy
with these objeccs. Very respectfully,
J. G. Carlisle.
To C. J. Bronston, Hon. H. L. Martin, Hon.
Fenton Simms and others, Frankfort, Ky.
SEXATOR ATjTjlSy'S JtILL.
Regulates the T)i»po»al of T,and Granted
to Bond-Aided Jtailroads.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.— Senator
Allen of Nebraska to-day introduced a
resolution directing the Secretary of the
Interior to promptly issue to all purchas
ers of land granted by the United States
in aid of the construction of bond-aided
railroads or their assigns, patents for such
lands as have been earned and sold to
third parties when the said purchasers
have paid the United States the principal
and interest that may be due upon
their respective contracts, and money
arising therefrom shall be held by the
United States as a "trust fund" until such
time as the amounts due the United States
from said railroads shall be determined
and adjusted by Congress or other legal
authority. The receipts shall be deemed
as conclusive evidence of payment in all
Federal and State courts, as though thev
had been made to the railroad company in
the first instance.
Hereafter no road in arrears to the Gov
ernment snail sell or otherwise dispose of
or encumber granted I^nds until the prin
cipal and interest is paid.
LOS Ay O ELKS' PROTEST.
Workinamcn- ftetnanU Justice in Dealing
With Muntxngton.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 19.— The Los
Angeles County Council of Labor, repre
senting 6000 voters and twenty-seven dif
ferent trades unions.at a regular meeting to
night, adopted the following resolutions:
Whereas, We, as citizens of the common
wealth, are unalterably opposed to the con
tinuance of a monopoly which has for years
past systematically plundered the people,
bribed Legislatures and corrupted our judi
ciary; and whereas, the time is rapidly ap
proaching, when in the absence of a special
law passed in its interest, the mo
nopoly represented by C. P. Huntington
must cease; and wnereas, the paid lobby
ists of this source of notorious corruption
are at present thronging the halls of Congress,
endeavoring, by bribery and misrepresenta
tion, to induce the people's representatives to
enact a special law in the interest of the said
Huntington that he may continue to rob the
people of this State for another fifty years;
therefore, be it
Betolved, That we are unalterably opposed
to the funding of the Pacific Kailroad debt;
and furthermore, we demand that Mr. Hunt
ington bu treated precisely as any other cred
itor of tne Government would be in the ab
sence of a settlement of his indebtedness dollar
for dollar.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
furnished the San Francisco Call.
MAGVXRE I>EFICXI>S I>VCKVTORTH.
Believes an Injustice Una Keen Done to
the Chief Clerk.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.-Judge
Maguire believes an injustice is being
done to C. C. Duckworth, chief clerk of
the Assembly of the last Legislature of
California. He said:
"Immediately after the passage of the
Belshaw resolution I received a copy of it
by telegraph signed 'James H. Budd,
Governor.' and presented it to the House
of Representatives. I also examined a
copy of the resolution yesterday on tho
files of the committee and find its purport
to have been telegraphed by the Gov
ernor."
Prince Ferdinand Recognized.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 19.—Constanti
nople advices state that all of the powers
have assented to the recognition of Prince
Ferdinand as the lawful ruler of Bul
garia.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
Bear — "For whom did you set that trap?"
ENGLAND RESOLVES
TO ARBITRATE.
Lord Salisbury Will Deal With
the United States
Direct.
SETTLEMENT NEAR AT HAND.
The Method to Be Adopted Is All
That Remains to Be De
cided Upon.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 19.— The Daily
Chronicle wili to-morrow announce the
actual situation between Great Britain and
tne United States regarding the Venezue
lan boundary dispute thus:
"Great Britain is resoived to arbitrate the
Venezuelan boundarj' dispute directly
with the United States. The method to
be adouted and details of the settlement
are alone under consideration. The Gov
ernments are being urged by persons of
influence to conclude the settlement a3
speediiy as possible."
The Westminster Gazette publishes an
article urging Lord Salisbury not to further
delay the reply of Great Britain to the
proposal to appoint a joint British and
American Venezuelan commission. For
England, the Gazette says, there is great
advantage in settling the question with
the United States iustead of Venezuela.
.If America claims the dispute as her own,
she must assume the attendant liability of
becoming surety for Venezuela. England,
at least, has nothing to complain of.
The Pall Mall Gazette says that the Right
Eon. George J. Goschen, First Lord of the
Admiralty, will announce the naval pro
gramme of the Government Monday. Be
sides the sum of £9,500,000, which will be
asked for the construction of four battle
ships, four first-class cruisers, four third
class cruisers and sixty torpedo-destroyers,
the Government will ask for a large vote
for guns and men.
The Times will to-morrow print a dis
patch from Caracas denying that the
authorities are in possession of official
knowledge of a direct settlement with
England of the Venezuelan-British Guiana
boundary dispute.
NATIVES BECOME TRAITORS.
Abyssinians Under Genera/ Baratieri's
Command Will Surrender Important
Positions.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 10.— A special
cable dispatcn to the Herale from Rome
says: Dispatches from the seat of war in
Abyssinia announce that a number of na
tive troops forming General Baratieri's ad
vance guard have revolted against the
Italians and intend to hand over impor
tant positions to the enemy.
This has rendered the situation much
more serious and proves the Italian com-
mander-in-chief to be absolutely wanting
in foresight. It is feared that this revolt
will have a bad effect on other native
allies.
The news has produced a very bad im
pression here. The Fanfulla expresses a
fear that there will be further defections
among the black troops, and that other
unpleasant surprises may be in store.
King Menelik is operating on a quad
rilateral formed by Asmara, Keren, Mas
sowah and his present camp. The offen
sive operations of the Abyssinians are be
coming more accentuated. A number of
outpost affairs have taken place, in which
the Italians have been successful.
It is evident that the Negus counts on
further defections among the native levies
on the Italian side. General Baratieri has
taken precautionary measures to prevent
this. A number of other generals are un
der orders to leave for the front.
FIRE CAUSES A PANIC.
Merrymakers at a Masked Ball Burned
or Trampled to Death — Forty
Bodies Recovered.
LISBON, PoRTt-GAL, Feb. 19.— During
the progress of a masked ball given by the
Artists' Club of Santarem, a town fifty
miles from Lisbon, last night, at the close
of the carniral here, ■fTt broke oat in the
building and the flames spread with
frightful rapidity.
A terrible panic ensued and many of the
dancers and several outsiders who went to
their rescue were either burned to death
or latally crushed or trampled in the rush
to escape from the burning building.
Forty bodies have been recovered.
WII,Z,IJLai \TO HE SIfUBBED.
Socialists in the lit ic It stag Win Xot At
tend the Anniversary Banquet.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 19.— The So
cialist members of the Reichstag have re
solved not to attend the banquet to be
given on March 21, to celebrate the
Twenty-fifth anniversary of the creation of
that body, because it has been announced
that Baron von Bulot-Berenberg, presi
dent of the Reichstag, will propose a toast
to the Emperor.
In the course of the discussion of the
militarv estimates in the Reichstag to-day
Herr Bebel, the Socialist leader, and Herr
Lenzmann of the Freissinnige party, at
tacked the right of the Emperor to abso
lute enforcement of discipline and authori
ty in the army, entitling his Majesty even
to order a man to be shot.
WRECKED BY DYNAMITE.
Hundreds of Houses in a Suburb
of Johannesburg Are
Razed.
Many People Believed to Have Been
Buried Under the Ruins of
Their Homes.
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, Feb.
19.— A large quantity of dynamite exploded
at Viedendorph, a suburb of this city, this
evening, wrecking hundreds of houses in
the vicinity. All the window-Danes in
Johannesburg were broken by the con
cussion. It is feared that great loss of life
was caused by the explosion, and the
police and inhabitants are engaged in the
work of searching the ruins of the de
molished buildings for bodies of victims
of the disaster.
mcK&oy is skeptical.
Doet \ot Believe That Ifanten Reached
the Xorth Pole.
LONDON, Exg., Feb. 19.— Baron Oscar
A. Dickson, a patron of Arctic explora
tion, has expressed himself as being en
tirely skeptical regarding the alleged dis
covery of the north pole by the Dr. Nansen
expedition. The Fram, Dr. Nansen's ship.
Baron Dickson says, was probably seen
drifting in the pack ice. and that fact, lie
thinks, gave rise to the conjecture that the
explorer had discovered the pole and was
returning.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Feb. 19.—
The Bussian explorer, Baron Toll, who es
tablished the Nansen provision depots on
the new Siberian islands, said to-dav that
he was convinced that Dr. Nansen was re
turning by the way of the provision de
pots, and thougnt it probable that he was
lingering on the way in order to recuper
ate.
Excellence and Purity the Standard.
Americans always want the best, hence
G. H. Mumm & Co.'s £xtra Dry is one
third of the total importation in 1895, or
45,125 cases more than of any other brand.
FRENCH MINISTERS
TO FORCE AN ISSUE
Determined to Push the Struggle
With the Senate to a
Conclusion.
STRONG RESISTANCE IS MET.
Moderates in the Chamber Will En
deavor to Pull Down the Gov
ernment's Prop.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 19.— A special
cable dispatch to the Sun from Paris says:
The past forty-eight hours have sharpened
the lines of the impending political con
flict between the Cabinet and the Senate.
It is now generally believed that the Min
isters have deliberately raised the issue
and intend to force it to a conclusion. It
is even more certain that the Senate will
resist to its last resort the attempt to sub
ordinate its will and authority to those of
the lower house.
The situation is in one sense similar to
that which often exists between the Senate
and House at Washington, or between the
Lords and Commons in England, but it is
unprecedented in France and has a very
different significance under the French
constitution, which makes the Cabinet
responsible to both Houses of the Legis
lature.
The Bourgeois .Cabinet, after making a
statement which virtually gives to a vote
of confidence in the Chamber the signifi
cance it does not legitimately possess, of
censure upon the Senate, has decided to
do nothing further until the Senate shall
take the initiative at its session on Friday.
The Moderates ia the Chamber, however,
are so alarmed by the situation that they
will probably make some effort at to
morrow's session either to outvote the
Government or otnerwise deprive them of
the backing of the lower House in the
fight against the Senate.
The deadlock, at all events, will not last
long, for now, that the radicals have shown
their teeth, they will be fought desperately
both in and out of Parliament. Perhaps
it will be the best thing in the end if the
plans of the plotters be allowed to develop
a little further, in order to expose the
dangers clearly and allow public senti
ment to meet them.
HIRES NON-UNION MEN
One Complaint Against Senator
Stewart's Paper, the Sil
ver Knight.
Carl Browne Supplies the Cartoons,
While the Nevadan Writes
Heavy Editorials.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.— The
latest literary combination has been ar
ranged between Senator Stewart of Ne
vada and Carl Browne of California, the
picturesque young artist who played
Sancho Fanza to Coxey's Don Quixote|dur
ing the march of the Commonweal army
upon Washington two years ago, and who
afterward married Coxey's daughter.
Senator Stewart writes the editorials for
the Silver Knight and Browne makes car
toons to illustrate them. The Senator
claims that his paper, which has been
running only a year or so, now has a cir
culation of 65,000 copies, all paid for in
advance, the larger portion at the rate of
$1 a year, the remainder at the rate of fifty
cents in clubs of 100. The editorial otiices
are in Washington, but the mechanical
work is done in Alexandria, for the pur
pose of avoiding the typographical union,
the pressmen's union and other labor
organizations. In Alexandria there is no
typographical union and the Senator may
not only employ non-union men, but may
regulate his own wages. This will furnish
an interesting topic for the next Populist
convention to discuss.
But there is little doubt that the Silver
Knight has a large and growing ex cula
tion, for Editor Stewart has been com
pelled to buy a couple of new and im
proved presses, which are now being set
up in his Alexandria establishment.
Stewart is grand sachem of the Silver
Knights of America and is listing recruits
rapidly. There arc temples in every State,
from Maine to Washington, but they are
most numerous and have the largest mem
bership in the West and South. A Repre
sentative in Congress from Ohio says
there are not 500 voters in his county, Re
publican or Democratic, who do not be
long to the order, while in Kansas, Ne
braska, Colorado ar\d other States further
west there are temples in every village.
WILL NOT BE ABROGATED.
Traffic Contract Between the Pacific Mail
and the Panama Railroad Still in
Effect.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 19.— 1t n
stated authoritatively that there is no
danger of an abrogation of the traffic con
tract between the Panama Railroad and
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company. The
facts as to the failure of the Pacific Mail
Company to deliver business to the
Panama road are that the Central Ameri
can and west coast traihe was so heavy
that there was not room enough on the
Pacific Mail boats for freight via the
Isthmus of Panama, and it was sent by
the Southern Pacific Railroad. Two Pacific
Mail boats, which formerly ran on the
Atlantic, are on the way from New York
to go into service on the Pacific, and thev
will be able to handle the business in
tended for the Panama Railroad.
The contract between the two provides
explicitly that the Pacific Mail shall fur
nish adequate facilities for delivering busi
ness to the Panama road. Accordingly
the Pacific Mail Company will have to pay
an indemnity to the Panama Railroad for
its recent failure to do so. Arbitrators
will determine the amount as stipulated
in the contract.
CAVE Of THE WINDS VISITED.
Extensive Exploration Made Possible by
the Lowitrss of the Xingara.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. Y., F;b. 19.— The
"dry" condition of the falls yesterday was
such that, under the guidance of John
Barlow, the Cave of the Winds guide, a
party of thirty men made an exploration
of the Cave of the Winds in a way never
made before. The cave could be reached
only on the remarkable ice formation, the
bridges of stairways heretofore in use hav
ing been crushed to pieces.
The cave presented a remarkable appear
ance. In tome places the ice formed on
the rocks towered sixty to eighty feet
above the heads of the spectators. Instead
of the immense volume of water ordinarily
coming over there was scarcely more than
a mist.
From this spot, which is within the cir
cle of the Horseshoe Falls, the party
walked on the ice bridge directly before
tne American Falls and within full sweep
of it, and followed almost the line of the
course taken by tho Maid of the Mist
steamer in the navigation season. This is
the first time that the bridge has been
known to extend so far east, and no one
has been known to have traveled over the
route t*ken yesterday.
ANARCHISTS AT WORK.
Four Bombs Exploded in the Royal
Garden at Madrid.
MADRID, Spain, Feb. 19.— A bomb was
exploded at 9 o'clock this morning in the
garden of the royal palace in this city. An
energetic search was at once instituted by
the palace guard, and while this was going
on three more bombs were exploded at
different points in the garden. No one
was injured by the explosions, which are
believed to have been the work of an
anarchist.
DEATH WAS IN THE AIR
A Lawyer's Illustration of an
Assassin's Act Almost
Ends in a Tragedy.
He Wields a Butcher's Cleaver, and
the Blade Is Hurled Into the
Crowd of Spectators.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 19.— At 3 o'clock
to-day a jury found Nic Marzen guilty of
the murder of Fritz Holzhuetter in this
city on January 30, 1895, and condemned
him to death. The murder was for money
which Holzhuetter was known to have for
the purpose of buying cattle.
The closing scene of the trial was in
tense, dramatic and almost tragic. While
making the closing address, Prosecuting
Attorney Pearson picked up the butcher's
cleaver, with which he claimed Marzen
killed Hoizhuetter, and, by way of illus
tration to the jury as to the manner of the
murderous blow, raised the cleaver over
his head with a quick motion, intending
to bring it down heavily. But the glisten
ing blade flew from the handle, went over
the heads of a dozen persons and struck a
pillar in the courtroom, entering the hard
wood to the depth of a half inch. Two
men, one of them Charles Pagle, a wit
ness, sat near the pillar and the keen
edged steel passed between their heads
with scarcely an inch of space on either
side.
This excitement was followed by the
collapse of the prisoner, while Judge
Smith was reading his instructions. He
tried to rise, his arms fell on the table in
front of him and he fell forward on his
face. Wild excitement was caused in the
crowded courtroom, Mrs. Marzen's shrieks
piercing the air. The Judge was com
pelled to adjourn court.
yew l'ork'a Blizzard.
NEW YORK. N. Y.. Feb. 19.— Dispatches
from various cities in Western New YorK
and Pennsylvania show no abatement in
the blizzard which began last night. Tne
railroads are badly blocked and the tem
perature hovers around the zero mark.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORD APPEARS
FOR THE MINERS.
Gains the Support of the
California Delegation
in Congress.
WILL AID HIS BILLS.
Reduction of the Caminetti Act's
Penalty Clause Is Alone
Opposed.
USE OF RESTRAINING DAMS.
He Declares That the System Has
Proved a Success — An Agree
ment Reached.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.-A meet
ing of the California Congressional delega
tion with the visiting delegates from Cali
fornia was held this afternoon. Senator
White presided. The principal object was
to bring about a more amicable under
standing between the representatives of
the mining and of the agricultural dis
tricts.
Tirey L. Ford, on behalf of the miners'
convention, denied the charge that the re
straining dams erected under the Carai
netti act had proved a failure. He admit
ted that an unusually severe winter had
caused ten of those dams to break, but he
said hydrauiic mining was being carried
on behind 104 dams, only four of which
had not withstood the unusual Hoods. He
thought that thi3 was a good snowing for
the bediming of a great and difficult sys
tem of impounding the debris, and that a
little more care on the part of the Debris
Commission in issuing permits would
make the system perfectly s;if<\
Ford stated that he was willing to go as
far as he possibly could to meet the views
of the valley people, but there were two
points upon which he was compelled to
insist. First, the appropriation which he
sought must not be less than $250,000, and
second, it must be made in such a manner
as to unlock the appropriation made by
the California Legislature. With these
two conditions reserved, he was willing to
join forces with the valley delegates and
work in harmony with them. He said,
further, that he was perfectly willing to
support a bill creating a Sacramento River
commission, and would cheerfully do aii
he could for it.
Ford explained the provisions of the bill
introduced by Johnson in the House and
Perkins in tlie Senate, revising the Federal
mining laws. He stated that Senator
Stewart had also introduced a bill in the
Senate for the revision of the Federal
mining laws, but that it differed materi
ally from the Perkins and Johnson bill.
"The point upon which miners most
strongly insist," said Mr. Ford, "is the
provision for the transfer of contests (as
to the mineral or agricultural character of
land), from the land offices to the local
courts in the respective counties where the
land is situated."
He said Senator Stewart had agreed to
permit this provision to be added to his
bill, and that a further conference was to
be had with Senator Stewart with the view
to harmonizing other differences in the
bill.
Ford took occasion to correct an erro
neous impression upon the part of some
of the delegation that hydraulic mining
was or ever had been an unlawful busi«
ness. He quoted from the California Su
preme Court to the effect that the business
was not itself unlawful, and that injunc
tions were issued only where the busi
ness was so conducted as to injure other
property.
The delegation agreed to support the
bills reported by Ford, except the bill re
ducing the penalty under the Caminetu
act, which it decided not to approve. The
river delegates agreed not to oppose
Ford's measures, though they did not
agree to suppotr them.
BROTHERS IJS A DUEL.
Both Are Killed and a Would- Be Peace.
maker Is Injured.
LONDON, Ky., Feb. 19.— News was re
ceived here this evening of a double killing:
on Slaters Fork, nine miles above Harlan
Courthouse, in which MUford and Felix
Fee, brothers, were shot to death by each
other and John Fee, a cousin of the two
men, was seriously injured while acting in
the role of peacemaker. The Fee brothers
were under the influence of whisky at tne
time.
If YE IS SIXKISG RAPIDLI.
The Death of the lluu.orist it Xot Far
Mutant.
ABHEVILLE, N. C, Feb. 19.— News
from the bedside of the humorist, "Bill
yye," who was stricken by paralysis at
his home at Buck Shoals last night, is that
he is sinking; that he may live a few
weeks or may die at almost any hour.
JUsntter in a Mine.
SOUTH McALESTER, 1.T., Feb. ML—
Gas exploded in the Osage Coal Mining
Cjmpany's shaft at Knebs yesterday.
Five miners were severely burned, two of
whom are likely to die.
A Course
Of medicine for purifying the blood and
building up the system is needed now. A
few bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla will give
strength of nerve, mind and body.
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All (IrugKists. $1.
H/>rkH»c Pillc the after-dinner pill and
nOOkJ S rlll» family cathartic. 23a.2
LITARES AND
MACEO CLASH.
Cavalry and Artillery Are
Hurled Against the
Cubans.
GOMEZ'S FORCE ENGAGED
Official Report of a Skirmish
Which Ended in Spanish
Victory.
SENOR PULAN TO APOLOGIZE.
Spain to Make Amends for the Stric
tures Passed Upon the United
States.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 19.— General
Litares reports that the column under his
command had an encounter on the 17th
inst. with the rear guard of the rebel force
commanded by Maceo, and the advance
guard of Gomez in the hills near Chirn
borazo, east of Bejueal.
The Spaniards first attacked Maceo's
fortes, killing rive and wounding three of
the rebels, and then engaged the insurgents
under Gomez, killing six of them and
wounding twenty-seven. The Spanish
cavalry made a brilliant charge, and its
artillery did effective work against the
enemy. The loss of the Government troops
was four killed and one wounded.
Senor Adolfo Porset, Governor of the
Maianzas province, has issued a circular
directing the owners and managers of
sugar estates in his jurisdiction to begin
the work of cane-grinding with the least
possible delay. This circular is the result
of the verbal instructions given Governor
Porset by Captain-General W.eyler at a
recent conference.
The planters are expected to hire guards
for their estates, as the Government troops
are being withdrawn in order to aid in the
carrying on of military operations against
the insurgents. The province of Matanzas
contains several hundred sugar estates, in
cludins; some of the finest on the island.
Governor Porset declares to the planters
that it is a patriotic duty they owe to
Spain to begin grinding operations at
once. J. Frank Clakk.
MISOR MOrGAOJBMJBXTB.
General Weyler'a Official Report of Jte-
cent Skirmishes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 10.-The
following is a copy of a dispatch received
here to-day by the SDanish .Minister,
signed by the new commandant of the
Spanish forces in Cuba:
HAVANA, Cvba, Feb. 19.— The reports
of the last military operations are as fol
lows: Maceo ha? crossed the line between
Havana and Batabano by the village
called Vapor, with sixty horses. Later,
other troops joined him, in number about
800, but the enemy was under tire of the
troops commanded by Colonel Beguera,
which killed three rebels and wounded
twelve.
The insurgen+s joined their forces at San
ADtonio Las Vegas, abandoning their
route toward ICatanzss, that has been south j
of the railroads from San Felipe to Guines. i
fearing the columns which were closing
the line between the railroad and the sea. I
A train conducting General Echague,
who, with his command, was goiner to
place himseif between San Felipe and
Guines, met in Molina, between the rail
road station of Molina and Palenque, 800
cavalrymen of the enemy, which ap
proached the train, thinking that it was a
freight train. The column fired on them
without alighting and arrived safely at
Guines.
The column of Colonel Seguera, forming
tbe extreme left, came upon the enemy in
San Felipe de Las Vetras. where it found
and dislodged' Maceo. Miro, Diaz and Cas
tillo with 1500 mounted men. The cavalry
troop of Camajuani charged and defeated
them in the Culebra and Culebrita hills.
The enemy retreated toward Navio. Sev
eral columns followed them in a combined
movement, encircling them.
General Linares also defeated Maximo
Gomez in Lomas del Porvenei. capturing
four horses. The troops had three
wounded. In reconnoitering the camp
after the engagement they saw the rear
guard of ihe enemy and took them for the
Spanish forces, but seeinc that they had
no answer to the countersign, opened
artillery and Mauser rifle lire, killing six
and wounding twenty-seven. The column
suffered four wounded. The troop3 fol
lowed and encircled the enemy.
In the province of Santiago de Cuba the
guerrillas of Coeber defeated, on the 11th,
on Paso Lajas a small band, killing one
and wounding another. The same guer
rillas, in Loma Noeruga. defeated on the
16th the rebels in Potrero Cruz.
Weyleb.
The places mentioned in the above de
tails are inside a triangle formed by the
railroads from Havana to San Felipe, San
Felipe to Guines and the road from Guinea
to Havana by San Jose de Las Lajas.
The following dispatches were received
by the Spanish Minister to-night:
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. ly. — General
Linares, who has been following the track
of the enemy, attacked the rebel forces in
the Porvenir Hill, near Mount Chimbo
razo. The insurgents were defeated, los
ing eleven killed and thirty wounded.
General Prats met two days ago in the
Guanajales Mountains a band of 1000 in
surgents commanded by Varona y Soto
longo, and pursued them to the Pardinas
plantation. The enemy lost five men
killed. Thirteen horses were captured.
General Prats went afterward with his
column to Union de Reyes.
The volunteers have defeated on the
Josefilo plantation the bands of Garcia and
Acevedo. Fifty men of the San Quentin
regiment reconnoitering in Savannah
Guanajay defeated a group of insurgents,
killing two and capturing their horses and
rifles. \V btucb.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 19.-Having re
ceived advices that Maceo had passed bv
the Santa Amelia plantation in the direc
tion of Faparte, and the Corea cattle
ranch with 3000 men, including eighty
wounded in recent engagements with
Colonel Seguera and other columns, and
Maximo Gomez with his forces arrived
yesterday at the Morales plantation with
the intention of uniting his forces with
those of Maceo. I hare re-enforced the gar
rison of Jaruco with companies of the
Guadaiajara battalion and I have given
orders to the columns of Colonels Galvis
and Frances to go from Gabriel y Santiago
de Las Vegas through Havana by rail to
take positions on the railroad to Man
tanzas, between Jaruco and Aguacate.
Six troops of cavalry, commanded by
General Ruiz, have gone from Bejueal to
Cuatro Caminos, on the roact from Havana
to Guines. Colonel Fort with his com
mand is holding Jose de la Lajas. Colonel
Seguera is following the enemy. General
Aldecoa goes toward Carmen to meet the
column of Hernandez, that comes from Cat
alina. The command of General Echague
is at Guines. General Prats and Colonel
Molina are marching toward the nionn
tJns of Madroga from Union de Reyes
and San Nicolas. The bulk of the enemy
seems heading toward the province of Ma
tanzas, and propose by these combined
movements to oblige him to light.
Weyleb.
SPAIH Gl r±'S WA Y.
Senor Ccwrns y J'uian to Ajiologize for
His Insubordination.
LONDON, E.vg., FeD. 19.— The Standard
to-morrow will print a dispatch from its
Madrid correspondent saying that Senor
Canovas del Castillo, the Spanish Prime
Minister, will request Senor Coucas y Pu
ian, who recentl3 T read before a geographi
cal society a paper to which the United
States Minister. Mr. Taylor, tooK excep
tion, to write an apology to the Minister
and thus terminate the incident.
JAMISOX EXOSERATED.
Held Blameless for the Disaster to the
Joiner St. Paul.
NEW YORK, X. Y., Feb. 19.— Captain
Samuel G. Fairchild and Thomas H. Par
rot of tne local board of United States In
spectors of Steam Vessels have finished
their report upon the stranding of the
American line steamer St. Paul. In con
clusion it says:
"We rind Captain Jamison was not un
skillful in the navigation of his ship or
negligent of his duty, ami we i'.re satisfied
that he was takiisg 'every precaution that
his long experience and successful career
as a shipmaster suggested to be necessary
to guard against accidents or casualties
thai would endanger the lives intrusted to
his care that would result in injury to the
ship or her cargo, and he is exonerated
from all biame in connection with the
stranding of the steamship St. Paul."
GARMENT MAKERS STRIKE
Twenty-Five Thousand People
Affected by a Chicago
Walk-Out.
An Effort to Impose Additional Work
Upon the Men Causes the
Trouble.
CHICAGO. 111., Feb. 19.— At a meeting '
of Lodge 61 of the United Garment
makers of America to-night the cutters
and trimmers of Chicago declared a gen
era! stx-ike, excluding about ten clothiers
only, against whom there is no grievance.
The cutters and trimmers in the city have
been working on a minimum salary of $20 ■
weekly, and now an effort is being made
to have them do piece work, which will in
many cases leduce wages. It is against
this that the men protest.
About 800 men will leave work in the
morning. Tim will affect all the makers
of garments and the families of all con
cerned, and it is estimated that over 25,000
peoY>le will be affected bv the strike. The
cutters assert that they have plenty of
money to sustain a strike and this is an
opportune time for declaring their rijrhts,
as it is nearly the end of a season, and they
would in any event be idle for a short
time.
The cutters are all ordered out at once.
No committees have been appointed to
wait on the manufacturers, but the cutters
themselves wait to be approached fora set
tlement of difficulties.
JiOOHS OPESKI> TO CHARITY.
Relief for [Suffering Armenians Will
He Admitted to Turkey.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 19.— The
National Armenian PLeHef Committee re
ceived to-day the following cablegram
from Miss Clara Barton, president of the
National Red Cross:
Constantinople, Turkey, Feb. 10.
To Spencer, TraskCo.: Entrance and protec
tion given; no obstructions.
Clara Barton.
This cable, taken in connection with a
dispatch received from Mr. Terrell, United
States Minister to Turkey, which ended
with these words, "The door is tims opened
wide for charity," removes all questions as
to tbe possibility of funds contributed in
America being promptly and wisely dis
tributed among the Armenian sufferers.
The National Armenian Relief Committee
having, by the agreement with the Red
Cross, the general charge of raising funds
and supplies throughout the United States
for Armenian relief work, now appeals for
money to forward at once to Turkey.
JViutoiw fur Coast People.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 19.— The
following pensions have been granted:
California— Original: O/.ias "Willis, Los An
geles; John Britton, Sun Jose. Original
widows, etc. — Celestia L. Poe San Diego;
Harriet H. Green, Pomona.
Oregon— Original : William H. Conyers,
Clatskanie. Original widow — Celia A.
Smith, Grants Pass.
Suffocated by liaa.
"WILKESBARRE, Pa., Feb. 19.— George
Maxwell, John S. Erby and Samuel Max
well, employed at the works of the Con
sumers' Gas Company in this city, were
suffocated by escaping cas this afternoon.
The men were filling a" purifying box and
neglecting to close the trap a iiow of gas
from a 12-inch pipe was allowed to escape
into the room.
Mominntiona Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.— The
Senate in executive session to-day con
firmed the following nominations: Wil
liam H. Pugh of Ohio to be auditor of the
Nuvy Department. Peter Victor Deuster
of Wisconsin Consul at Crefeld, Germany.
Postmaster — Oregon : J. Wheelock Marsh,
Forest Grove.
Union. Pacific Earnings.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 19.— The Union
Pacific December statement for the whole
system shows gross earning of $1,872,863,
increase, $163,295; net, $ ( i74,253; increase,
$224,544. For twelve montns: Gross earn
ings. $22,350,464; decrease, $821,326; net
$8,304,607; increase. $1,861,802.
Crime of a Mother.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 19.— A horrible
case of murder and suicide occurred in a
small hamlet in Cambridgeshire last even
ing. A widow named Farnham, who
lived a secluded life in a cottage in the
village,, murdered her four children by
cutting their throats and then completed
the blood^y work by cutting her own
throat. No motive for the deed is known.
A Gale la Threatened.
COLON, Colombia, Feb. 19. — Heavy
weather prevails here and a northerly
gale is threatening. The barometer has
fallen to 29.80. Vessels lying m the harbor
are prepared to leave their births and
put to^ bea. The steamer Finance from
New York broke from her moorings last
night and went adrift.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
SEARCH FOR THE
VULCAN VICTIMS
Four Bodies Are Recovered
From the Sepulchral
Colliery.
LONG LIST OF MISSING.
Fifty-Five Miners Now Known
to Have Been Killed by
the Explosion.
FOUL GAS FILLS THE DRIFT.
Slow Progress Made in Delving for the
Unfortunates — Many Families
Destitute.
NEWCASTLE, Colo., Feb. 19.— The
number of lives lost in the Vulcan mine
explosion, according to the Coroner's list,
is fifty-five. The officers of the company
have- checked up their lamp list, which
shows that iifty-one lamps were issued that
morning to miners, so that it is probable
that rifty-five will about cover the cas
ualties of the exp;osion. Four bodies
were recovered up to 3 o'olock this after
noon, the deadly gas still preventing a
thorough search of the long slope and the
many chambers.
A temporary fan was set up and a vigor
ous effort made to clear the mine of its
deadly fumes, but as all ventilating must
be done through the slope this is a slow
process. Fortunately it was fully proved
this morning that the mine did not become
lircd by the explosion, and after the debris
at the first 300 feet of slope was removed
all further obstructions seem to have been
overcome and nothing but the black damp
now prevents the rescue of the bodies of
theueadmen. However, this is still merely
conjecture. Back of the slope is the main
entry, which runs to a distance of 1400
feet. The effects of the explosion may have
caused great masses of coal to rill the pas
sageways and this obstruction will further
delay the progress of rescue.
Of the four bodies discovered, the first
was that of Ed Welsh, a roperider, who
was caught in the dritt and his body
badly mangled, as he was projected out ot
the slope with such terrific force. The
next body was that of Abel Dore, found at
9:30 o'clock last night. His brother Joe
was found at 12:30 and a French carpen
ter named Frank Cimonsie found at 2:30
A. m. These were found lying along the
slope about 300 feet in and they were
badly mangled, as if they, too, had been
driven outward by the force of the escap
ing gas generated in the explosion. The
remaining bodies are around the bend of
the fclGpe, in the entry which forms the
other side of an inverted U, which is the
shape of the workings, and it is along this
j other arm of the U that the chambers !
' were opened.
Before daylight the fan was in motion
j drawing out the fou! gas and black damp, ]
but though repeated efforts to enter the
slope were made none could get in far
enough to discover any more bodies. At
11:30 to-day work ceased because of the
still evident dani<er of the gas. The fan
j still pumped pure air into the mine, but
! the work of clearing out the damp will be
very slow.
A peculiarity of the Vulcan mine has
been the presence of some substance,
either dust or gas, which strangely affected
the eyes of the miners. After a few days
they had to take a lay off to restore their
eyesight and all had to be treated alter
working a shift in the mine.
The entire town has worted herocially
to assist in recovering the bodies of the
dead and to look after the families of the
men. Nearly all were married and some
had large famlies solely dependent upon
the earnings of those caught in ths death
trap.
Little progress may be hoped for in the
work of rescue to-night.
Laie this afternoon State Coal Mines In
spector Griffith, accompanied by a party
of workmen, ventured into the slope, but
made little headway beyond the place
where the bodies already rescued .had been
found. They discovered that much debris
must be removed before the work of rescue
can be done, and also that the drift and
chambers are rapidly filling with water.
Pumps must be set up at once to combat
this new source of trouble, and furttier
delays will ensue.
Everybody is worn out from the excite
ment and fatigues of the past thirty hours.
DIED OF STARVATION.
Poverty and Pride Combined to Bring a
Son of Lady Corrigan to a
Pitiable Condition.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 19.— Major
George de Bentley, who for the last ten
years has been a noticeable rieure in
Newark, N. J., died in the city hospital
there Monday. While it was known that
he was in straitened circumstances, his
numerous friends had no idea of his real
struggle with poverty. His pride kept
him from revealing his condition, and he
literally starvea himself to death rat,her
than break through his pride enough to
a?k for assistance or even give a hint to
those who would nave willingly aided him.
From papers among his effects it was
learned that Major de Bentley was the son
of Lady Corrigan and the husband of
Elizabeth de Bentley, the daughter of a
wealthy English family, whose estates in
clud Little Grimsby Hall, Loach, Lincoln
shire. After his marriage he came to this
country. He invested and lost large sums
of money in Texas real estate.
It is not definitely known when he went
to Newark, but he had been there at least
ten years. During the latter part of this
time he did odd jobs. He was taken to
the Newark Hospital January 28. Major
de Bentley's friends have purchased a
plat in Woodland Cemetery, and there the
body wili be buried this afternoon. His
relatives abroad have been notified of his
death. Ho is said to have a son some
where in the West.
XO ME ARSE LARGE EX O UGH.
Vtfficultiet Heart the Burial of a Dime
Museum Jut VToinait.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 19.— Not a hearse
could be found in Chicago ample enough
for the funeral of Nellie Cole, "the fat
woman," who was buried from Gavin's
undertaking establishment on North Clark
street yesterday afternoon.
Nellie Cole weighed over 530 pounds.
For years she exhibited herself as a
"freak" in dime museums, being known
as "The Kentucky Beauty." Her last en
gagernent was with; a South Side show,
where she appeared in a fat woman's bi
cycle race.
Around the coffin yesterday were gath
ered her former friends, many of whom
are "freaks." The snake-charmer touched
elbows with the glass-eater, and thesword
swallower with the bearded woman. They
stood quietly about the casket during the
simple services, and by their tears and
sorrowing faces showed their grief at the
death of one of the most popular of their
number. The Rev. Mr. Can't of the Chi
cago Biblical Institute conducted the ser
vices. Then the casket was carried out by
sixteen pallbearers, who found their bur
den all they could carry.
The casket was the biggest ever made in
Chicago, being 33 inches wide, 27 inches
high and 5 feet 6 inches Jong. As no
hearse could be found large enough it was
taken to the cemetery in a covered under
taking wagon. The interment was at Rose
Hill.
COLORADO'S GGLD TRAIN.
The Special Carrying Miners and Boomers
to New York Reaches Its Des
tination.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 19.— The Colo
rado gold train, which left Denver for this
city to be present at the opening of the
New York Mining Exchange, arrived at
Jersey City over the Pennsylvania Rail
road at 9:10 o'clock. An hour later the
103 miners and boomers reached the ex
change, where they were welcomed by the
officers.
The trip was one round of gayety. The
train made stops at Fort Worth, New
Orleans, Atlanta, Raleigh and Portsmouth,
Va. In each city the miners made merry
for a couple of hours. They were met at
the stations by brass bands and offered the
freedom of the city. At Portsmouth the
whole town turned out to welcome them
and when the boat left Norfolk for Cape
Charles last nitrht each man engaged in a
personal struggle to get away. All the
members of the party were tired and dusty
this morning.
The bullion car contained th« Brecken
rid«e exhibit, which was at the World's
Fair, it is valued at $50,000, and constated
of wire gold, nugget? and other high-class
ore specimens. It will be on exhibition at
the exchange to-morrow.
No actual business was done on the ex
change to-day. The first formal call of
stocks is set tor 10 a. m. to-morrow. The
list of stocks which will be dealt in, as it
was given out this morning, contains lifty
eight stocks. Most or them are Colorado
uroperties, with Cripple Creek well repre
sented. There are also some Utah stocks
ami one from California.
To-morrow nip ht there will be a banquet
of the members of the exchange and their
Western friends at the Hotel Gerlach.
LEAGUE OF REPUBLICANS.
National Executive Committee
Meets to Arrange a Plan
of Campaign.
Tariff Literature to Ee Scattered
Broadcast— California's Organ
ization Recognized.
CHICAGO, 1u.., Feb. 111. -The executive
committee of the National Republican
league held an ail-day session at the Au
ditorium Hotel headqu aiters to-day. Gen
eral E. W. McAlpin of New York presided,
and the other members present were: M.
J. Dowling, MinnebOta, secretary; 1. G.
Neglee, Alabama; A. C. Gampbeil, Illi
nois; F. W. Bicknesnell, Iowa; J. W.
Slater, Michigan; John Goodnow, Minne
sota; F. B. Browne!!, Missouri; O. L.
Rosenkranz, "Wisconsin, and T. England,
Oklahoma. Major Totten of New York
was proxy for Major Gould of Massachu
setts, and M. M. Eckstein of New York for
Congressman Brewster of that State.
The committee decided to hold the an
nual convention at Milwaukee, August 25
to 27, at which time the political campaign
for the ticket will be officially opened. A
committee was chosen to arrange for dis
tinguished speakers and another commit
tee to obtain reduced railway rates.
i- manciai matters was the principal
business of the committee meeting. New
York led off with a cash subscription of its
share toward the campaign fund, and
when the meeting adjourned the National
organization was placed out of debt, and
enough money was in the treasury to be
gin active operations on a large scale.
The committee congratulated itself on
the receipt of a telegram from the league's
attorneys, Blanchard, Carey & Pheips, of
New York, saying that a Court ol Appeals
of that State had rendered a decision
favorable to the committee in a case in
volving $17,000.
The secretary was instructed to recog
nize the California League and also to
have printed and distributed among the
Republican newspaper publishers of the
country 10,000 copies of the tariff document
of T. B. Walker, Minneapolis.
The committee reported that the lowa
plan of leamie organization was being put
into operation in all States. The secre
tary will at once increase his ollice force
and flood the country with campaign lit
erature, principally on the tariff i3sue,
without favoring any of the candidates.
A telegram of condolence was sent to
Joseph Manley of Maine, who has just
lost his wife, and a cordial vote of thanks
was extended to General Clarkson of
lowa for his assistance in getting the
league recognized fully by the National
Republican Committee. «
The headquarters of the league in St.
Louis will be at the Lindell Hote), and
the next meeting of the committee will be
held in that citv on June IH. A general
meeting of the league will be held that
evening in the convention building.
HARDiyG'S SCOTOSCOPE.
Claim* Hint With. It He Can Picture
Hidden Object* iiiroct.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.—Pro
fessor C. Knox Harding, after experiment
ing with cathode rays, will apply fora
patent on a "scotoscope." He says:
"It will be of interest to experimenters
with X rays to know that it is not neces
sary to have any electric discharge in the
vacuum tube for the same rays are found
in spectrum of magnesium, and, to a great
extent. .at calsium. It is evident that if
the new light can photograph a hidden
object, the tiuoroscope will enable us to
see them direct, and even if we can only
photograph shadows, as at present, it is of
more importance to see them direct.
"I hold that light in a scotoscope can be
reflected an>l refracted and focused by a
lens; that this light so produced is strong
ly actinic and is the only means by which
to reduce a picture to a small size, and
having them fixed by direct vision they
can be studied under the microscope. The
vital difference and value of the discovery
is that we obtain by this means not pic
tures of shadows, but pictures direct from
the objects."
For a Salt Lake Building.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.— brown
(II.) of Utah to-day introduced in the Sen
ate a bill apDropriating $500,000 for a pub
lic building at Salt Lake City, and $GO,OOO
for a public building at Ogden.
An Appointment for Maginni-a.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.—At
torney-General Harmon has appointed W.
L. Maginnis Assistant United States Dis
trict Attorney for Utah.
Send your change of business or residence to
Crocker-Langley Directory, 215 Bush st. •
HILL OPPOSES
THE CRUSADERS
Sarcastic Attack Upon the
Woman's Temperance
Union.
HIS OPINION OF BEER.
Does Not See How It Can Affect
the Health or Lives of
the Bibulous.
PENSION BILLS IN THE SENATE.
Widows of Deceased Veterans Receive
Aid— Southern Senators in
a Quarrel.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 19.-The
crusaders in tbe cause of temperance re
lorm and of Sunday rest law3 were se
verely criticized in the Senate to-day by
Hi!l of New York in connection with a
sheaf of petitions in printed form, ema
nating from the Womaa's Christian Tem
perance Union, against the sale of beer to
immigrants landing on Ellis Island, in
New York harbor, and to the men sta
tioned on Bedloes Island, and in connec
tion with other petitions for a Sunday rest
law in the District of Columbia.
Hill could not see how a glass of beer
could be of great injury to the temperance
cause or have any serious effect on the
health and lives of the immigrants. He
thought, on the contrary, that it was a
very welcome thing, and referred to the
efforts of the well-meaning but misguided
who flooded Congress with such petitions
as extreme paternalism or extreme Roose
veltism. As to the Sunday rest law for
the District of Columbia, he did not see
wuat interest people in New York could
have in it, unless to regulate the conduct
of their Senators and Representatives.
A resolution for an investigation as to
the issues of bonds in 1894, 1895 and 1896
was offered by Lodge of Massachusetts,
and went over till to-morrow. Notice was
given by Morgan (D.) of Alabama that he
would bring up the Cuban resolution for
consideration at 2 o'clock to-morrow.
The diplomatic and consular appropria
tion bill was passed and the conference re
port on the urgent deficiency bill was
agreed to. The remainder of the day's
session was spent in the passage of private
pension bills and at 5:06 p. m. the Senate
adjourned.
Wolcott (K.) of Colorado, chairman of
the Postofiiee Committee, reported a bill to
prevent the sending through the mails by
any department of the Government of mat
ter weighing more than four pounds, ex
cept written or printed matter. He spoke
of the great abuse of sending through
the mails typewriters ana other machines.
Numerous private pension bills consid
ered and passed were bills increasing
the pension of the widow of Brevet-
Brigadier - General Horace Boughton
to $7f> a month; giving pensions
of $100 a month to the widows of
General O. M. Poe, General Blunt, Gen
eral Gibbon and General Thomas Ewing
and to Generals Nathan Kimball and
Joseph ß. West; $75 to the widow of Sur
geon-General Sutherland; $25 to Eliza
Saidford, daughter of a Revolutionary
soldier, and of $75 to the widow of General
Morrow.
A bill giving a pension of $75 a month to
the widow of ex-Senator Spencer of Ala
bama, as colonel of an Alabama regiment,
provoked a long discussion, Senators Al
len (Pop.) of Nebraska and Berry (D.) of
Arkansas arguing that distinctions should
not be made in the pensions to officers'
widows (the regular pension law in this
case only allowing $30 a month), nor be
tween the widows of officers and the
widows of soldiers.
The discussion led to a rather angry
altercation between Senators Allen and
Call, who, to the great amusement of the
galleries, denounced each other as
"plutocrats." Finally the bill was re
committed to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill granting a pension of $200
to the widow of the late Secre
tary of State, Waltar Q. Gresham, as
brigadier- general, with an amendment
making it $100, went over without action,
as Voorhees (D.) of Indiana, who had
originally introduced the bill, but who
was absent to-day, desired to oppose the
ameniiment. A bill was also passed for
the payment of a year's salary to the
widow of the late Isaac H. Bassett, the
veteran assistant doorkeeper of the Senate.
IV THE HOUSE.
Settler* on Land Grants Given a Ten
I'ear*' Extension.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.— The
house was strictly "on business" to-day,
and in the live hours' session disposed of
two important measures. The first was
the bill under consideration yesterday to
extend for ten years the time in which the
Government may institute suits to annul
land grants illegally or erroneously issued.
Hepburn's amendment to restrict the law
officers to cases of fraud was rejected, as
was also the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Public Lands to reopen
Mexican and Spanish grants. An amend
ment proposed by Loud (R.) of California
was agreed to, restricting the operations
of the law to patents issued under railroad
and wagon-road grants. A substitute was
offered by Mcßae (D.) of Arkansas to re
peal all legislation on the subject, and was
vijted down— l49 to 72— which was a test
vote on the bill.
The army appropriation b ill was passed
without much discussion, but most of the
new legislation proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs went out on points of
order. Among the propositions thus re
jected was the one to compel the President
to appoint paymasters from the line officers
of the army alone, shutting out civilians.
The unanimous report of the Committee
on Ways and Means against the passage
of the bill to regulate the issue of liquor
licenses was submitted by Evans (R.) of
Kentucky and ordered printed.
The agreement of the conferees on the
urgent deficiency bill was reported and
concurred in.
When the House took up the bill to
extend for ten years from March 3 next
the time within which suits may be
brought to vacate and annul patents il
legally or erroneously issued upon public
lands, the Committee on Public Lands
having recommended that the distinctive
words "railroad, Mexican, Spanish or
other" special grant be inserted, the Cali
fornia representatives objected to the re
opening of the old Mexican and Spanish
grant controversies, and Loud (R.) of
California offered the amendment to sub
stitute "wagon road" for "Mexican, Span
ish or other," as proposed by the com
mittee. Loud's substitute was agreed to.
Then the bill extending for ten years
from March 3 next the time within which
suits may be brought to vacate and annul
patents illegally or erroneously issued
upon public lands was passed, after being
further amended so as to require settlers
on lands affected by the bill who had pur
chased from the grantee for less than the
minimum Government price for public
lands to pay to the Government the differ
ence.
When the House went into committee
of the whole to consider the army appro
priation bill Hull (R.) of lowa explained
that the bill carried $23,275,902, being
$23,290 64 more than appropriated for the
current fiscal year and $817,373 less than
the estimates. Pickler (R.) of South
Dakota unsuccessfully endeavored to
secure an amendment which would pre
vent the practice of detailing army officers
to act as Indian agents. It was rejected
on a point of order. The provision in the
bill reducing the number of hospital
stewards from 112 to 100 was struck out on
a point of order. No further changes
were made.
The committee recommended the pas
sage of the bill and the House agreed to
the recommendation.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois reported the
agreement of conferees upon the urgent
deficiency bill and it was agreed to. As
finally adopted the bill carries a total of
$6,305; 436, an increase of $1,584,033 over the
total as it passed the House.
GOLD FOR TILE TMCASURT.
Searly Tu>o- Thirds of the Bond Sale Pro-
ceeda Already I'.tia In.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.— 0f the
1111,000,000 for which the new issue of
$100,000,000 4 per cent bonds sold the treas
ury haß received directly and indirectly
nearly two-thirds of the amount. So far
$56,000,000 in gold has been taken up in
the treasurer's cash and $19,000,000 is on
deposit in sub-treasuries and National
bank depositories. As fast as possible this
latter sum of gold will be transferred to
the treasury gold reserve, ana probably by
the end of the week the whole $19,000,000
will be taken up on the treasurer's books.
Messrs. J. P. Morgan & Co. and asso
ciates, under their bid for $100,000,000 of
the bonds, are entitled to receive bonds of
the face value on about $4,700,000 in addi
tion to those which they have already
been notified. This will give Mr. Morgan
about $38,000,000 of the new bond issue.
MXGLEi'S BILTj FAVORED.
It Amends the Act to Prevent Extermina
tion of the Seal.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 10.-The
Committee on Ways and Means to-day or
dered a favorable report on the bill of
Dingley of Maine amending the act to pre
vent the extermination of fur-bearing ani
mals in Alaska. An adverse report was
ordered on the bill of Mr. Denny of
Mississippi, making it unlawful for any
United States commissioner of internal
revenue to grant or issue to any person or
persons or corporation license for the Rale
of whisky or other intoxicants in any
State, county or parish where the law of
such places prohibits the sale of liquor.
APJPM.ARED UOVT A QUEUE.
Korea's Minister Presented to President
Cleveland.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 19.— Pom
Kwan Soh, the new Minister from Korea
to the United States, was formally pre
sented to President Cleveland in the Blue
Room of the White House oy Secretary
Oiney at 11 o'clock this morning. The
ceremony was made practically interesting
from the fact that it was the first affair of
State at which Korea's diplomatic repre
sentative had aDpeared without a queue
and in full dress.
Another Chance for Arizona.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 10.— The
House Committee on Territories to-day re
considered the vote taken at the last meet
ing of the committee, at which the motion
to report the Arizona Statehood bill was
defeated by a vote of six to tive. This
leaves the bill without prejudice in the
same position as it occupied before the
vote last Wednesday.
To Protect the Salmon.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb.
tary Carlisle sent to the House to-day the
draft of a biJl for the protection of salmon
in Alaska and recommended its passage.
NEW TO-DAT.
"Sloane's"
SPECIAL SALE OF FURWTU3E.
We quote for example:
100 Heed Chairs, assorted styles, at
g Half Kegular Values— prices ranging
from $2.25 to |4.50.
COME AND SEE THEM.
Easy Chairs— elegantly upholstered.
Dining-Room Chaira— in Jateat styles.
Dainty Bedroom Chairs.
ALL GRADES OF FURNITURE AT
GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
CURTA'H DEPARTMENT.
250 Genuine Imported Oriental Bag-
dads, $5.00 each; former price $7.50.
150 pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains,
odd lots, to close at Wholesale Cost.
THE CELEBRATED NAIRN LINOLEUM.
1 Most Artistic Floor Covering made.
2 40c per square yard, laid, and up-
ward.
W, & J. SLOANE 4 CO,,
Pfin CARPETS - FURNITURE
"vfi UPHOLSTERY,
30 DAYS 641-647 Market Street
* *"^ SAN FRANCISCO.
TO IMPROVE
THE STREAMS
Californians Heard by the
Rivers and Harbors
Committee.
CLAIMS OF STOCKTON.
Captain Corcoran Explains the
Need of Dredging the
San Joaquin.
M'LEAN SPEAKS FOB OAKLAND.
Commercial Importance of the Harbor
Discussed — Resurvey of Al
viso Slough.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 10.— The
House Committee on Rivers and Harbors
to-day beard Captain Corcoran of Stock
ton, Cal., in support of a proposition to
appropriate $57,000 for the improvement
of the San Joaquin River, so that the cur
rent of the river will keep it clear of sand
and sediment. He also urged an appro
priation of $4000 for the improvement of
the Napa River.
Ex-State Senator Johnston of Sacramento
spoke in favor of the bill creating the Sac
ramento River Commission and urged the
necessity of such a comprehensive scheme
of river improvement, stating that at a
comparatively small expense that great
waterway from San Francisco to a point
thirty-two miles above Red Bluff could be
made navigable for steamers of considera
ble tonnage.
Mr. Cleaves of Shasta County made a
j statement concerning the advantages
! which would result in the improvement of
| the upper Sacramento from Sacramento to
! the head of navigation. He said that
there were immense advantages in this
region undeveloped which water trans
portation would cause to be developed.
Mr. Coulter spoke in favor of masing
an appropriation for the improvement of
' Alviso Slough. The report of the survey
\on this project is unfavorable, and the
chairman of the committee informed him
' that no appropriation for its improvement
'■ could be made.
After discussion on the subject by Sena-
I tors White and Perkins and Representa
! tive Maguire, the committee promised to
| order a new examination and to consider
I the proposition of ordering a resurvey.
Dr. McLean closed the bearing by pre
senting the claims of Oakland harbor. He
discussed the commercial situation, claim
ing that a reasonable appropriation at this
time would immensely improve the har
bor and increase its already growing im
' portance as a port.
2HE HA WA II A A' CA BLE.
J-.'.rtmaion of the Proposed Clue to China
Is Under Consideration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 19.-The
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
this morning cave the proposed telegraphic
cable propositions connecting the United
States with the Hawaiian Islands and the
Asiatic coast much consideration. The
proposition of the New York company,
I headed by James A. Scrymser, was mate
! rially amended to-day in a statement laid
; before the committee by a proposition to
I extend the cable to such other islands in
the Pacific Ocean as may be selected and
I to the coast of China, making that one of
the termini instead of tbe island of Japan.
The rate for ordinary private messages
j between the United States and Japan and
! China is $1 29 per word, and on messages
between the United States ana the Island
of Oahu in tne Hawaiian group at 35 cents
per word. Press rates are not to exceed
! one-quarter rates charged for ordinary
i messages. No action was taken by the
! committee.FITZSIMMONS
CULLS "TIME!"
Maher Must Enter the Ring
on Friday, Sightless
or Seeing.
WEARIED OF THE DELAY
Backers of the Irish Lad Say
They Will Be There on
Time.
SPORTS ARE COMING BACK.
Returning Confidence in Stuart's De
clarations — Pugilists Issue
Manifestoes.
EL PASO, Tex., Feb. 19.— This hasfceen
a day of watching and waiting, with the re
sult thatevery one knows at sunset as much
as at sunrise, and little, if anything, more.
There was somewhat of a more buoyant
lone in the sporting market than yester
dav and as the afternoon wore on every
body was on the qui vive for tips concern
ing the location of the battleground or
new movements on the part of the State
or the Mexican authorities. All sorts of
stories were afloat concerning the point
wnore the rin^ has been pitched. A good
authority located it across the Arizona
boundary; an equally reliable one said
confidentially that it would be a matter of
an ail-night ride, and a third insisted that
he would be able to reach the spot on a
wheel.
Stuart and his colleagues preserved the
same sphynx-like silence and would not
deign to notice even the telegraphed roor
back from Galveston that the mill would
be brought off on a barge on the Gulf
of Mexico.
In response to a request for an authori- ■,
tative statement concerning Maher's con- j
fiition this candid reply was received from !
Maher's backers at Las Cruces tins even- j
ing:
To the United Prat: Maiier will be in fair
condition. His eyes are almost well, but his
condition will not be as pood as I would like j
ii to be. But, nevertheless, I expect to see him j
win, or would not let him fight.
John J. Qttxhk.
Fitzsimmons crossed the Rio Grande
this morning and entertained the u?ual |
■ r iwd of sightseers watching him make !
horseshoes. After a spin through tne j
business streets ne returned to his training
quarters at Juarez, where this afternoon j
he entertained a company of visitors,
among whom were Adjutant-General !
Mabry, Tnued States Marshal of New i
Mexico; Captain Hughes and Lieutenant
Sharp of the Texas Rangers, Colonel J. J.
Dickey of * Unaha, wife and party of ladies,
together with a number of military officers
and society people from Kl Paso and >
Juarez. Fitzsimmons is in apparently
perfect physical condition and eaper for
the fight. He stopped training to-day and
will rest until Friday. He asked that the
■itement be given publicity by
tbe United Press:
erican people: Out of the goodness
of the heart and believing as alleged that
Maherwasont of condition jn la&t Fri
day, I agreed to give him three days' grace
- than Ret xny.se! f before the American
In the attitude of taking advantage of
WHO was reported to be partly blind,
■ing him myself, I knew nothing to the
iry. Now that the date has been set for
: -lay and the assurance being given that
Maker will be In perfect condition on that day,
I intend going to the ringside and will be
ready to fight for a kingdom. If his backers
(■ay, •■Well, Fitz, here is a blind man, and if
you insist on fighting him, go ahead." I shall
Bay to the referee, "Please call time. 1 '
In doing this I snail feel justified, because I
have agreed to two postponements, and the
last one was accompanied by a forfeit of
■ In asking the referee to call time I
will also be gruided by the earnest belief that
Maher's crowd do not want a fight under any
circumstances, and I honestly believe that
Maher's backers and friends have warned him
not to fight, and in so doing they have led him
to believe that if he escapes a ficht with me he
can return to Ireland and pose as the only
champion of the world.
I am a naturalized citizen of the United
and I believe that I am entitled to the
good will and support of the American people.
1 have been in hard and honest training for
Eeven months and have spent thousands of
dollars in preparing to meet alleged cham
pions, all of whom have, at the last moment,
found some loophole to crawl out of a fight. I
am novj satisfied that none of them possess the
courage to meet me, and I therefore have de
cided upon this course.
Robert Fitzsimmons,
Middle-weight Champion of the World.
Dispatches received to-day say that dele
gations from Fort Worth, Dallas, San An
tonio and Galveston are doubling back
again and quarters at one of the hotels
were ordered fora party from Hot Springs,
headed by Phil Dwyer of New York. Las
Ve^as, Santa Fe, Albuquerque and other
points within twelve hours' ride will also
be well represented here to-morrow.
Notice was issued from headquarters to
night directing ticket-holders and all who
contemplate witnessing the contest to re- !
port for information at 5 o'clock Thursday j
afternoon. Not a single bet on the result j
has been heard of for several days. The |
money went away with the trainioads
of sports that leit between Friday and
Monday, and the townspeople are not sutfl- I
< iently interested in either man io back j
iheir choice with solid cash.
Among the majority of local and visiting
.■■ports, the consensus of opinion seems to
be that the tight will not last more than
three rounds, and that the Cornishman
will have Maher at his mercy after the first
round.
Jack Everhart worked with Fitzsimmons
to-day and will be in his corner on Friday.
The principals of each fighter were noti
fied to-night by Dan Stuart of the place
and hour at which bil man is to bein
readiness. This was done in order to con
fonn to the articles of agreement. Buck |
intimation upon his ;
arrival on the night train from Las Crues, j
n- ■!.:■•■ 1 the party at the j
training quarters to come down on the!
:s due here at
• m. Th<- notification to Julian was
I me river a li.tle later by one
ut's liiillhllialp '1 he Jatest rumor
..; is that the battle will take place |
in the State of Honora, Mexico, which has
niß'ie no preparations against an invasion
; which liuvernor Ahumada has no j
I rity.
Walcott and "Bright Eyes" were !
matched this evening to meet in a twenty
round contest at Tom O'Kourke's Long
Island City (old Puritan) Club, on March I
12, the men to weieh in at 142 pounds five
hours before the contest. The club will
turn over 50 per cent of the gross receipts,
of which the winner will take 75 and the
loser 25. Stuart controls "Bright Eyes"
and Tom O'Rourke Las charge of Walcott.
The referee is given the right of calling
additional rounds up to twenty-live if
necessary to reach a decision.
CrCi/AG al SAXTA MOMCA.
Attractive Frogranitne of Rnce* for Wash
ington's liirthday.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Feb. 19.— 0n
Washington's birthday a bicycl" race meet
will occur at the track here, the pro
gramme arranged being a very attractive
one. In addition to the events ou the
programme, there will be given a exhi
bition mile with a flying start, paced by
the famous sextuplet machine of the
Stearns Company, which has a wheel base
of nearly twelve feet, weighing 137 pounds,
and is geared to 120 inches. It is expected
to make a mile with it in from 1 :-'O to 1:30.
Another event will be a military race of
teams of tne National Guard.
QUARRELED Wl Til A XEIGHBOB.
An Old 3lan Murder* a Woman and I
Commit* Suicide.
MILWAUKEE. Wis., Feb. 19. -The lit
tle four-room cottage at 11 Plymouth
avenue was the scene of a double tragedy
this noon. Jacob Moser, 05 years of age,
one of the tenants, shot and killed his
neighbor, Mrs. Marguerite Senger, 32,
who lives in the same house, and then shot
himself.
The two families have been on unfriendly
tornis for some time, and at this noon the
man went to the rear door of the house
and walking into the woman's kitchen ex
changed a few words with her, then draw
ing a revolver shot her through the neck.
He then went to his own rooms and after
cutting his wrists and throat he raised the
pistol to his own head and sent a bullet
through his brain.
X-RAYS USED ON STEEL
Roentgen's Discovery Will Be
Utilized to Detect Flaws
in the Metal.
Fair Shadows Developed in Experi
mental Photographs of the
Dense Substance.
CHICACO, 111., Feb. 19.— Tne Illinois
Steel Company is making plans to use the
Roentgen photography for the detection
of Haws in steel. If experiments along
this line are successful, one of the greatest
benefits of the new photography will ac
crue to manufacturing and metallurgy.
Albert Sauveur, chemist and engineer oi
the Illinois Steel Company, is conducting
these experiments. If his hypothesis is
correct, the penetrating nature of the rays
and its photographic effects will be the
means of detecting flaws in steel and deter
mining the purity of metals.
Thi9 fact is appreciated by the directors !
of the Illinois Steel Company, and a com
plete and searching investigation will be
; made at once in the laboratory of the com
i pany at the mills in South Chicago.
Owing to the difficulty of getting the I
needed apparatus the experiments have j
been handicapped and delayed. Mr. i
Sauveur expects to get results this week.
He was fortunate in being able to obtain a
Crookes tube from one of the electrical j
, supply houses in Chicago. Besides this, j
he Uad several tubes blown at the Illinois j
Steel Works. He has been disappointed !
in not securing an induction coil that will j
! give the current necessary to produce the
light.
The chemist has been photographing i
various metals and has produced fair
: shadows. But steel is so dense that some i
i have regarded it as doubtful if rays can be
, produced strong enough to pass through
it ana record on the sensitive plate the ,
1 delicate variations in the shadows which i
, indicate flaws.
Ttie experiments do not differ from '<
j the numerous tests of the Roentgen dis- i
covery which are being carried on all over i
; the country. An ordinary sensitive plate I
; in a holder is placed beneath the Crookes !
. tube. The objects to be photographed are j
■ placed upon the plate and the current ■
i sent through the tube to develop the un- <
i known rays, wiiich have a photocraphic ;
effect upon the plate.
It has become a matter of ease now for ;
: any one to produce shadows by metals
varying in depth of tone, according to
' their density. It is only necessary to have
a correct Crookes tube having a practically j
perfect vacuum. But to discover flaws in j
i tnese metals by the shadinp in tne nega
i tive will be much more difficult, especially
when the metal is steel and almost opaque
to these rays, even on lone exposure. The
outcome of the experiments cannot be
foretold.
EFFECT OF TALHERT'S SPEECH.
Several South Carolinans lAkely to Lose
T/irir Seats in Contjreax.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 19.— A Sun
special from Washington says: A rumor
circulated among the members of the
Houth Carolina delegation yesterday was
to the effect that the recent speech of Jas
per Talbert, which was denounced as
treasonable by Representative Barrett of
Massachusetts, probably would cost sev
eral South Carolina Congressmen their
seats.
Four contested election cases pending
before the House are about to be decided.
On the very day when Representative Tal
bert created the scene in the House, the
Committee on Elections having the Sjuth
Carolina cases in hand were about to re
port.
It was understood generally that at least
three, if not all, of the sitting members
from South Carolina would get. clear tities
to their seats. Then came tne Talbert
episode. Almost instantly there appeared
to be a change of sentiment among certain
members of the committee regarding the
South Carolina cases. Tne reports said to
be ready for promulgation were held back,
and discouraging tints were thrown out
to the interested gentlemen from South
Carolina. All inquiries were met with
the statement that the committee was
having great trouble in reaching a decision
in those cases. It was said also that the
Republican National Committee wae urg
ing the Republicans of the elections com
mittee not to lose sight of the political pos
sibilities involved in' the South Carolina
JiOSACVM'S SLIT TtROPPEO.
The tiiihop Jler/urstt a IHsmiaial of the
i >i Junction Cage.
TECUMSEH, Nebr., Feb. 19.— Bishop
Bonactim did not appear in the District
Court here to-day against Fathers William
Murphy and Dennis Fitzgerald in his in
junction proceedings against these gentle
men. The Bishop sent in a request that
the case be dropped, and it was accord
ingly dismissed. The suit, which has long
been pending, was brought to oust Fathers
Murphy and Fitzgerald from their re
spective parishes.
Frank H. Katper Tttad.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Feb. 19. -Frank
Kasper, for several years past night agent
here for the United Press and New York
Associated Press, died at the General Hos
pital at (> o'clock this evening of purlient
pericarditis following an attack of pneu
monia and pJeuri.sy. Mr. Kasper was
justly credited with bein one of the finest
telegraphers in the country, while as a
newspaper man he earned a reputation
second to none.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
RICH ORE FOUND
IN MILL VALLEY
John F. Tobin Discovers a
Fine Gold and Silver
Ledge.
NEARLY $300 TO THE TON
A Result of Searching the
Hills and Valleys for
Six Months.
LOCATION OF THE BONANZA.
Obstacles Under a Spanish Grant
That May Prevent It
Being Worked.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— John
F. Tobin of this place claims to have dis
covered a ledge in Mill Valley that is full
of gold and silver, particularly the latter.
He has made a rough assay of the rock,
and makes the startling announcement
that the sjoid and silver in it will run as
high as ?2!tß a ton.
Mr. Tobin refuses to divulge the location
of the Jedge, but he says it is in Mill Val
ley and not over two miles from Eastland
station, at the terminus of the Mill Valley
branch of the North Pacific Coast Railroad.
Mr. Tobin is well known in Mill Valley,
where he is the agent for Wells, Fargo &
Co. He is trustworthy, and his story is
believed by the people here.
He was seen this evening at his home
near Millwood by a Call correspondent,
and said that it was true that he had found
a ledge rich in gold and silver.
"I have been searching the hills and
valleys in and about Mill Valley for the
last six months," said he, "and at last
have succeeded in locating a rich deposit.
"I made a quick assay of a small piece
of rock weighing about half an ounce
yesterday, and was surprised to find that
it contained a. great amount of silver. My
rough estimates placed the value of the
rock at $298 a ton, and as I had no, means
of ascertaining the quantity of gold in the
rock 1 believe its value will run still
higher."
Mr. Tobin said that his stepfather had
years ago discovered gold near Mill Val
ley, but was unable to work it as it was sit
uated on the great Throckmorton ranch,
which was a Spanish grant, and the laws
of California did not allow a prospector to
claim land that was under a Spanish grant.
It was for that reason that the region was
never worked.
Mr. Tobin thinks that he will have the
' same difficulty in working his ledge. He
says that it is situated on the lands of the
, Tamalpais Land and Water Company, and
j he fears that they will have some Lesi
j tancy in selling any property that he
I might wish to purchase.
"I have shown samples of the rock to
some persons having a knowledge of
I mines," said Mr. Tobin, "and they have
: expressed the opinion that it is very rich
! in silver, which substantiates my assay,
i I will send a sample to the City to-morrow
: and hope to have it assayed there, and by
to-morrow night I will know whether there
is any gold in the rock or not.
"I expect there will be a large number
of men searching the hills for the ledge
as soon as the papers publish my discov
ery, but I have no fear of their finding: the
place. It took me many months of weary
tramping before I came across it, and I do
not think they will discover it in a day.
'•The ledge is quite large, and the sam
ples of rock I have assayed have been
taken from the surface."
A GALA DAY AT VALLEJO.
The Monitor Monadnock to Be
Formally Put in Commission
This Afternoon.
Band Will Play "The Star Spangled
Banner" as the Colors Are
Unfurled.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 19.— The new
monitor Monadnock, being all complete,
at 1 o'clock Thursday afternoon, with all
the pomp and ceremony peculiar to put
ting a Government vessel into commission,
this new terror of the seas will fly the
American flag.
Captain A. S. Barker, captain of the
yard, will have the honor of turning the
monitor over to the command of Captain
Sumner, who arrived a few days ago from
i Washington. The officers and crew will
| be ranged on the after deck while the
orders are being read. The Independence
! band will play "The Star-Spangled Ban-
I ner" as soon as the colors are unfurled.
! The men will stand with bared heads and
officers congratulate eacn other on being
aboard of such a splendid lighting ma
chine as the M onadnock.
The crew recently from the Texas, who
have been aboard of the Monadnqck, look
I with pride upon the workmanship about
j the vessel, which they say is far better
than that done on the ships they have
been in the habit of seeing.
The monitor has been painted from
stem to stern a snow white, and wben in
commission there will remain but little if
anything to be done to her. She will go
out on a short sea trial, but will not be
given as severe a test as though she had
been constructed by contract. Her stores
and coal will be put on board at once and
her crew take up their quarters on the
I monitor, which ia pronounced by all
to be a credit to the skill of the officers and
I workmen employed on her at the Mare
i Island Navy-yard.
AX VXL.VVKT BURGLAR.
shot in the Arm and Subsequently Cap
tured at I'ortland.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 19.— A notorious
young crook, whose real name the police
have not yet learned, fell into the hands of
the police in a peculiar manner here to
day. At an early hour this morning B. L.
Houston, a Southern Pacific Railroad con
ductor, living in East Portland, was
awakened by a burglar breakine into his
residence through the bathroom window.
Mr. and Mrs. Houston, each armed with a
revolver, made a search for the burglar.
Mr. Houston located the intruder on the
porch with a big bundle of clothes and
valuables he had picked up in a quiet
search over the entire house, and opened
tire on him. The burglar decamped in
i hot haste, yclliug with pain. By drops of
blood scattered on the walk, he was tracked
for several blocks.
About noon Dr. Harry McKay, in the
Marquam building, was called upon by a
stranger who had a bad wound in his arm
he wanted dressed. The stranger said he
had shot himself accidentally while exam
ining a gun. Dr. McKay suspected his
patient of some crooiced work and tele
phoned the poiice about it. Tne stranger
was arrested, and gave his name as Joseph
Harrison, an Englishman. He claimed to
have come here from Seattle. Later tne
man confessed thac he had burglarized
Houston's house.
THE JOHXSOS BO\B.
Still Eluding the Officer*— Their Horses
Are Captured.
VISALIA, Cal., Feb. lU.— This morning
a Call reporter left Visalia very early to
make a tour of investigation of the neigh
borhood where the Johnson boys lived,
near Traver. The neighbors of the boys
talked freely, and it was ascertained that
the twins were very close to the officers
last Sunday. In an interview with Mrs.
Hill, who lives one and a half miles from
the Johnson place, where it was reported
the boys were in hiding while the officers
were at the house, she said :
"Mr. Hafley came along, and my boy,
Eddie, went out to talk to him. Hafley
wanted Eddie to go with him, but the bov
replied that he had not lost the Johnson
boys. Hatley then rode on toward Mon
son. My daughter was at home, and after
Eddie told her what Hafley wanted she
exclaimed: 'Why. Ido wish I could see
the Johnsons. I have heard so much
about them.' "
"Hardly had she finished speaking when
we heard the sound of horses as if m a fast
Jope. On looking out, sure enough, it was
the Johnson boys and my daughter was
granted her wish. At that time Mr. Hattey
was a full mile and a quarter away from
our bouse and I was wishing the boys were
further than that away. I asked them if
they knew that was Hafley and they an
swered yes. They said the officers were
not looking for them. True enough, thev
had got into a little trouble, but that it
didn t amount to much, but still the otli
cers were not looking fortnem very much.
I felt very much relieved when they left."
Last Monday several of the posse "trailed
them to the Hard in crossing on the east
side road. About two hours after the
twins had doubled on their track and were
seen going toward Orosi. This wouid be
Monday afternoon between o and 4 o'clock.
All of the posses have returned. They
captured the Johnsons' horses in a lield
near Farniersville, six miles east of Vi
salia.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
An Unhappy Marriage That Ends
in Desertion and a Suit
for Divorce.
Mrs. Sarah Rodgers Tells Her Woes.
No Children and No Community
Property.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Feb. 19.— Court Com
missioner Montgomery has Hied a report
of the testimony taken in the suit of Sarah
Ilodgers against Benjamin A. Rodgers for
divorce on the ground of desertion.
The couple were married in Tres Pinos
in 1889 and lived together until April 2.5,
1894. The husband is at present employed
In a liquor store in this city. The story of
the wife is that shortly after their mar
riage Rodders told her that he was con
vinced that he had made a mistake. Al
though he had plenty of work, he was a
poor provider, and did not buy her a dress
during the five years that they lived to
gether, lie bought iier shoes a few times,
but always under protest. The wife claims
that during the greater part of the time
she had to rely on her relatives for sup
port. There are no children and no com
munity property.
A.CTI YE J'Jt till 1 RITIoyiSTS.
Working to Secure the State Convention
for San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 19.— The Prohibi
tionists of this city are making a deter
mined effort to have tne Prohibition State
convention meet in this city in May.
1 The selection of a place of meeting will
made by the State Central Committee
their meeting in Oakland to-morrow,
d Henry French, W. Kelley, Frank
after, Robert Summers and A. W. Ken
dv have been appointed a committee to
lit upon the State Central Com mil tee
d urge the claims of San Jose.
Charged With l'vrjury.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb 19.— Eugene G.
Shirley was arraigned before Judge Lori
gan to-day on a charge of perjury alleged
to have been committed d urine the trial
of the Pyle-Piercy beach of pro
mise suit.
A determined fight is being made to
clear Shirley. The case was argued at
length, and a motion to dismiss on ac
count of insufficient evidence was taken
under advisement.
Jturylar* I'lcad Guilty.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 19.— Hy Wilson,
a negro, and Russell Harris, the men who
robbed the residence of H. Korf at the
Five-mile House several weeks ago. pleaded
guilty to burglary in the second degree
s'fore Judge Lorigan this mornintr. They
will be sentenced Friday.
Information has been filed charging
Frank Atwood with the robbery of M. C.
Close's store a few weeks ago, and his ar
raignment is set for Friday.
Fioneer Found Dead in lied.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Feb. 19.— William
Hummeltenburg, a well-Known resident of
Santa Clara and a pioneer of 1850, was
found dead in his bed yesterday morning.
Death resulted from heart disease. The
deceased was a native of Prussia and 07
years of age. A widow and one son sur
vive him.
Assignee Appointed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 19.— George W.
Cozzens was to-day appointed assignee of
the estate of J. Z. Anderson, the insolvent
fruit-packer, whose liabilities amount to
$125,000. Bonds were tixed at $00,000.
Stockton in the Itaee.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 19.— Efforts are
being made to get the next Democratic
State Convention for Stockton. The
Evening Mail to-nipht published inter
views with leading Democrats here favor
ing making a strong light to get the con
vention.Party leaders believe thai it lies be
tween Stockton, Sacramento and Oakland.
Next Saturday delegates to the lroquois
convention at San Francisco will open the
campaign in favor of Stockton.
I'nrt Townar.nd Mongol Arrested.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 19.—
The first arrest of a Chinaman illegally in
this country to be made in the Puget
Sound district in the past six months was
made by Customs Inspector Terry this
morning. A coolie was found at -,vork in
a reservation garden on the abandoned
Fort Townsenct site. He will have a hear
ing on Thursday.
I'acoma'a Myttery.
TACOMA, Wash, Feb. 19.— he Coro
ner's jury in the case of C. Horace BaKer,
the transfer company proprietor, who wag
found dead under the Eleventh-street
bridge under mysterious circumstances on
Saturday, returned it verdict to-day that
death was due to a fall from the bridge,
but refused tosay whether from accident,
suicide or murder. The case ia: auii
shrouded ia mystery.
STOCKMEN FIGHT
OVER A FENCE
One Is Killed, the Other
Will Lose Both
Hands.
STORY OF THE SURVIVOR
Duel in Which a Revolver and
a Double-Barreled Shotgun
Were Used.
OUTCOME OF AN OLD QUARREL.
The Slayer Surrenders Himself— They
Were Prominent Residents of
Hardin, Or.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 19. -Isaac W.
MUI9 brought the news to Prineville on
Monday that he had shot and killed James
R. Wagner. Mills' version of the affair,
the only one heard thus far, is that last
Saturday he rode to a fence beyond which
Wagner was plowing, and asked Wagner
to come out to where he was, as he
wanted to have an understanding in refer
ence to a division of fence over which they
had quarreled and which they Had decided
to divide, each buiiding his own fence.
Wagner replied that if Mills desired to
talk with him he would have to come
where he was, so Mills rode in to where
Wagner was, when he found that Wagner
had tied his team to a post and in his
hands held a double-barreled shotgun.
MiJis got down from his horse and then
commenced a war of words. Pretty hard
names were given and returned, until
finally Wagner, who was standing near
Mills, suddenly raided his shotgun and
struck Mills in the face, making a wound
near the right eye. At the same time,
stepping back a little, he fired at Mills,
who at the same instant struck the gun
with his right hand, receiving the contents
in the back of his right hand, near the
knuckle joints and ranging upward toward
the wrist, tearing away the tendons.
This shot dazed Mills for a moment, but
on recovering he reached for his pistol
with nis left I and and immediately fired,
and at tne same time Wagner shot the
second time, and again Mills received the
contents in the hand, but this time in the
left, the one in which lie had his pistol.
Mills dropped his pistol and Wagner im
mediately fell over backward, and Mills,
after some difficulty, succeeded in picking
up his pistol and walked off, leading his
horse. After going a short distance he
met a. boy, who helped him to his home
and gave the alarm.
Both men were prominent stockmen of
Harain, in the southeastern part of Crook
County, where the shooting took Dlace.
Mills was brought to Prineville and his
wounds treated. He at once sent for
Sheriff Combs ana surrendered himself.
Mills is not absolutely sure that Wagner
was killed, but is of the opinion that he
died almost at once. Mills will lose his
right hand and possibly his left. Both
men have families and are old residents of
the county. Wagner was about 60 years
of age, while Mills is a comparatively
young man.
BIGHTS OF WAY IN FRESNO
The San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company Making Good
Progress.
Many Obstacles Encountered, but They
Will Eventually Be Over
come.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 19.— The right-of
way committee of the San Joaquin Valley
Railroad Company is making commend
able progress in securing rights of way
through the county. Several knotty prob
lems have been disposed of, and the way
now seems open for the committee to com
plete its labors at no distant day.
Among the purchases just consummatad
are four Jots at the corner of Mono and Q
streets, the property of Mrs. Lizzie
Manuel, who resides in Los Angeles.
A basis of settlement has been agreed
upon between the committee and W. B.
Baker of San Jose, who owns ihe south
west quarter of section 21, township 13,
range 20. The agreement calls for seven
acres running diagonally through the
property, which adjoins the Montpelier
Tract. The dosing of this deal was the
source of much annoyance to the commit
tee. After considerable correspondence
with the owner of the property it was
agreed to submit the matter to arbitration.
A committee composed of Alex Gordon.
J. P. Strother and J. M. Braly was chosen,
and the value of the land involved to
gether with the damages was fixed at $400.
An agreement between the company
and Jules Gottleib of Denver has been
reached. Four lota on (I street are in
volved in this deal.
The committee is encountering no small
decree of difficulty in securing deeds to
some of the property not yet purchased.
However, the committee is making ex
cellent progress, everything considered,
and will no doubt be prepared for the con
struction crews when once they cross the
line into Fresno County.
DIED F 031 THE BUS AB.
Miss Marcia Farnham of Woodland £x-
;■!>'■» in Oreat Aaony.
WOODLAND, Cal., Feb. 19. — Miss
Marcia Farnham, who was frightfully
hurried on the evening of February 12 by
the overturning of a kerosene lamp, died
this morning at 3 o'clock. For two days
prior to her death there was no sense of
feeling in her right arm, and* had she re
covered amputation of that member would
have been necessary, as portions of the
tlesh fell away every day since the acci
dent.
Miss Farnham was a beautiful and ac
complished young lady, and her prema
ture death nas cast a gloom over the whole
community.
Itrtitally Murdered.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 19. — Alfred
Halterman, a prominent young farmer
residing near Pomeroy, Wash., was bru
tally murdered by hi3 brother-in-law,
Ralph Melton, last evening, who brained
him with a club. The murder was un
provoked. The community is terribly
aroused and talk of lynching the murderer
is openly made.
NEW TO-DAT.
A
Funny
Coincidence!
George Washington and our-
selves are celebrated for truth-
telling, and on George Wash-
ington's Birthday we'll be four
years old, remarkably strange ;
a contrasting of greatness.
The big store has your confi-
dence for its truth-telling, and
in four years it has climbed to
the top and it's firmly seated on
the top and it's going to stay on
the top with your kind permis-
sion.
Above you see the figure 9,
and 9 has cut a very important
figure in this town the last four
weeks. It represents a Chal-
lenge.
The big store, to make itself
felt, to make itself, which it al-
ways has been, a terror to its
competitors, has taken some of
its very fine Suits and Over-
coats, including some of our
very handsomest Spring styles,
and placed 'em in the big cor-
ner window. There are goods
in this window representing
values up to $18. We said to
our competitors, put up a line
equal to it, put up aline as high
in character as it, put up an as-
sortment as large, put up styles
as new at
-$9.00-
They have neither put up,
but they have silently shut up,
and we'll keep shutting 'em up;
and just think of it, four years
ago when we opened they gave
us six months to last. We're an
awfully healthy four-year-old,
ain't we ? And we have grown
with you, grown in your esti-
mation and grown in popular
favor until the big store num-
bers among its friends to-day
the very best dressers on the
Coast.
People these days haven't
money to throw away and the
big store has taught them a les-
son that high styles needn't ne-
cessarily be high priced.
O A OIMI A IDT 9d frisco's biggest AND
■■Jt\X>Jr^Jl il'r^lGlL, /3 MOST POPULAR STORE.
(iNcoRPORATED). . ' 9,-11, 13, 15 Kearny Street
BELOW
We picture an awfully clever Cutaway,
made from tine Black Clay Worsteds, also
in grays, in the new Spring style of the
Frock; it's awfully clever; it's the envy of
the swell tailors; it's the delight of the
fashionable dressers. In the Challenge at
$9.00-
But mind you, now the Challenge is draw-
ing to a close and we must call this sale off,
as we can't go on forever selling goods at.
this price.
Those stylish Scotches in light and me-
dium shades, handsome goods; those very
clever Cheviots, in the twill, in blues and
blacks; the new Spring cut of the Double-
Breasted Sack; the new Spring Sack, the
Edgemont, our new Single-Breasted Three-
Button Cutaway Sack, an awfully clever
garment; in the Challenge, but just for a
short time, at
89.00
Such garments as are in this Challenge
are very seldom seen outside of the very
swellest tailoring establishments, and that
means $40 to 50 for a suit.
Above we show the clever English Top
Coat, made from tine tan covert cloths,
satin sleeve linings, an awfully clever gar-
ment, in the Challenge at =.= ;
&e.oo
Some right smart English Kersey Over-
coats, silk velvet collar, silk and satin
sleeve linings, handsome garments; your
tailor couldn't build one like 'em under
$30; in the Challenge at
*3.00—
We have no desire to hurry you, but
judging by our sales of the last few days
the cleverest garments are going very fast,
and as we do not intend to prolong this
sale beyond Saturday, we would advise of
you a very early call.
34
FORTY PERSONS
AS DEFENDANTS.
Suit to Foreclose a Ken
wood Land Company
Mortgage.
COLONISTS IN BAD LUCK.
Some of Them Will Probably
Lose Their Homes and
Little Farms.
NO TITLE TO THE PROPERTY.
How the Beautiful Los Guillicos
Valley Was Settled by De
luded People.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 19.— Forty
persons are named as defendants in a suit
to foreclose a mortgage given by the Ken
wood Land Company to Giacondo Gianella
;n 18OL, and some of the forty are liable to
lose their homes as the result.
The property involved is in the beauti
ful and fertile Los Guillicos Valley, and
was formerly known as theGianella ranch.
Tne traot was purchased by D. M. Carman
and one or two associates under the cor
poration name of the "Kenwood Land
Company.''
A comparatively small payment was
made at the time of the purchase and
mortgages given for about $<J5,000, the bal
ance due on the purchase price.
I>. M. Carman, who is an energetic pro
moter and a pleasing and persuasive
talker, was sent by the Kenwood Land
Company to Chicago, where it seems he
had no trouble in inducing colonists to
buy small tracts of the land. A small
payment down was all that was required,
the balance due to be paid on long time
and in easy installments.
Many of the intending settlers bought
without seeing the property and had no
conception of the difficulties to be over
come in getting their vineyards and
orchards into profitable bearing. Some
arrived at the land of the "Olive and the
Fig, "where nature's table is ever set, with
out the means of subsistence during the
time that must elapse between the plant
-1112 and the harvest.
Many returned to their homes in
Illinois and a few removed to Santa
Rosa.
Those who were able tb keep up their
payments and remain to tend their trees
and vines until they should become profit
able stayed on their little farms and
beautified their new homes. As the
company was unable to give title to the
land a receipt for the money paid and a
bond for a deed was all the colonists could
show for their time, trouble and money.
The money received by the company was
used in improving the tract and paying
up the outstanding notes given in Gia
nella, of which there were three.
As long as new colonists could be in
duced to purchase and settle upon the
tract things went swimmingly, and the in
terest and first notes becoming due were
promptly paid.
But for the past year or more payments
of interest and principal were few and far
between, and the Gianellas were at length
compelled to take steps to secure them
selves, and the result will likely prove
disastrous to the colonists. This will work
a hardship on some of our foremost
citizens, and will be o! great injury to one
of the fairest and most productive valleys
in the State.
ALTMURIAXS TO DISBAXD.
Short of Money and Disappointed in
Various Expectations.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 10.— The
members of the Altrurian colony, near
Mark West Springs, in this county, have
decided to disband. In the resolutions
adopted by them they Bay that they were
disappointed in thetr financial expecta
tions ana that their resources were not
sufficient to carry out the plans of the
colony.
The location of the colony was ill chosen
and the land comparatively unproductive,
and the final breaking up of the project
has been freely predicted for some time.
It is claimed that some of the leaders of
the society were visionary and impracti
cable, bringing financial distress to their
followers. The association will 'be main
tained, however, for such other work as it
finds feasible under its articles of incor
poration.
TTORKIXG FOR GOOD ROADS.
Members of the State Commission to Sleet
Fresno's Supervisors.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 19.— R. C. Irvine of
Sacramento and J. L. Maude of Riverside,
members of the State Board of Good
Roads Commission, were in Fresno to-day.
Tney are making a preliminary tour of
the State collecting data as to the condition
of pnblic highways, with the view of
matting a report to Governor Budd.
This report will form the basis of much
needed legislation on the subject of im
proved roads in California, fo say these
Commissioners. An inspection "of the
roads in this and Madera counties wili
complete their tour.
They have found the highways in most
of the counties in deplorable condition in
comparison with leading Eastern States.
It is the opinion of the Commissioners
that iarge sums of money are being con
stantly squandered under the present plan
of improvement.
They will therefore recommend some
very radical changes from the present
plans, in behalf of more economical and
beneficial methods of public-roads ex
penditures.
Next Friday these Commissioners will
meet the Board of Supervisors of this
county and prominent taxpayers at the
courthouse here for a conference on the
subjeot.
ARIZONA'S PROTEST.
President Cleveland Askra to Veto the
School Lands Hill.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Feb. 19.-A petition
was signed by leading men of Phoonix to
day asking Cleveland to withhold his sig
nature from the bill which passed both
houses of Congress, authorizing the leas
ing of Bchool lands of Arizona. Great ex
citement prevails among settlers on these
lands, as the bill fails to protect them and
places the entire control in the hands of
three men. The petition charges that
fraud and jobDery were employed in pass
ing the measure, and that the bill is detri
mental to the interests and development
of the Territory.
Mnmitr Station fatality.
. MARYSVILLE, Cal., Feb. 19.-The
mangled body of a tramp was found near
ilarcuse station to-day. The mna had
fallen from the brake-beam of a train last
night while stealing a ride to this city.
There was no means of Identification.
SANTA CLARA'S STUDENTS.
They Give a Brilliant Entertainment in
Honor of Washington's
Birthday,
■ SANTA CLARA. Cal., Feb. 19.— The in
troductory address delivered by James F.
Emery that welcomed the large audience
at Exhibition Hall last evening inaugu
rated the attractive programme of the en
tertainment given in honor of Washing
ton's birthday by the Santa Clara College
students.
The oration was succeeded by the recita
tion of John A. Selby, and at interval?
during the evening the college brass band
rendered a series of appropriate instru
mental selections, pleasingly varied by the
performances of the string orchestra,
under the leadership of Professor F. Schu
bert.
The feature of the occasion was the pre
sentation of the Shakespearean dranm of
"Richard III," the cast of characters being
entirely composed of the students of the
institution. Those who sustained the
leading characters in the play acquit
ted themselves of their different
roles in a manner highly creditable
to the young amateurs, while the able
support of others who delineated the less
prominent parts materially assisted in the
success that characterized the production
throughout all its details.
The accessories of scenery and costumes,
historically exact, brought out the stir
ring incidents of the play in excellent
prominence, and the general effect re
flected great credit on those under whose
management the play was so attractively
placed upon the stage.
SANTA BARBARA NEWS
Dissatisfaction Over the Effort to
Push the Claim of San Pedro
Harbor.
The City's Splendid Natural Resources
Ignored to Benefit More Favored
Rivals.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 19.—
Santa Barbarans are feeling sore over the
effort to rush the claim of San Pedro
harbor against that of Santa Barbara at
the very time when it looks as -though
this place liad fair prospect of receiving
the aid she had long deserved from Con
gress.
The earliest voyagers to thig coast agreed
that the three most important harbors in
the State and the safest refuge in stormy
weather were the bays of San Francisco,
San Diego and the Santa Barbara harbor.
Before the discovery of gold Santa Bar
bara was a very important trading port,
and in those days there existed no ques
tion but that the State should become set
tled and its resources be developed, and
Santa Barbara would rank as a port of the
first importance.
In a communication to a local paper to
day Dr. Shaw, one of our oldest and most
intelligent citizens, relates the history of
Santa Barbara's lost appropriation of
$100,000, voted by Congress in ISC6, which
was afterward revoked pending a survey
asked by members of the Peralta family,
who conceived tho absurd idea of estab
lishing the port in the vicinity of Point
Sal, and thereby benefiting their own
property.
The survey was made, but never ap
proved, and the appropriation never re
pealed by Congress.
Recently a concerted effort has been
made by public-spirited citizens, headed
by the Board of Trade, to have Santa Bar
bara declared merely a port of entry, with
some modest hope that if this recognition
of her advantages were made some small
appropriation might be secured for the
purpose of improving v»harf facilities.
Senators Perkins and White have both
expressed themselves as favorable to tne
project, but the strong effort now made to
secure further appropriations for San
Pedro will probably result in setting aside
for another term of years the superior
claims of this port, which sixty years ago
was reckoned as a supero harbor, and San
Pedro was only sought when the necessi
ties of commerce demanded that vessels
should put in there.
Santa Barbara has a hard experience.
For nearly half a century her splendid
natural advantages have been ignored and
she has been forced io witness less favored
rivals outstripping her in all directions by
sheer force of superior numbers and politi
cal influence.
HARMEN HELD TO ANSWER.
The Prosecution Submits the Case With
out Argument— Bail Fixed
at $3000.
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., Feb. 19.— There
was little of material interest in the Har
mon examination to-day.
Brady was recalled and subjected to se
vere cross-examination by ex-Senator
Sprague in regard to what inducements
had been offered him by agents of Wells,
Fargo & Co. to induce him to make a con
fession.
Sheriff Johnson took the stand and tes
tified as to his connection in the arrest of
Harmen and recovery of certain portions
of the stolen money he had found.
The prosecution submitted the case with
out argument, and defendant's counsel
made a short address to the effect that his
client was not a criminal and that no jury
would by its verdict so brand him.
If what they say is true, this man simply
went out in the brush and found some
money hidden there, which he did not
give up until it was demanded.
Concluding, Attorney Sprague said that
Detective Thacker, as shown by the evi
dence, had conspired with Bandit Brady,
the man who was implicated in the mur
der of brave Sheriff Bogard, and that he
had promised the bandit immunity from
prosecution for his crime of train-robbery.
At the conclusion of his argument Judge
Henry held Harmen to answer to the Su
perior Court, fixing the bail at $3000.
FIERCE MOVXTAIX FIRE.
Anxiety for the Safety of a Sp anish
American Family.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 19.— A
fierce mountain fire is raging in San Roqui
Canyon, close to the city. There is no
wind, but the flames have covered consid
erable territory, entirely burning out Gar
cia Canyon, a" branch of the San Koqui,
and running far up the mountain side.
Many visitors have taken horse and car
riage and cone out to the elevated ground
overlooking the place to better enjoy the
brilliant spectacle.
Some anxiety is entertained concerning
the safety of a young Spanish American
rancher, Aledoni Garcia, who, with his
wife and two little children, are residing
in a cabin up the canyon, the place being
a veritable hretrap should the flames have
broken out below them without warning.
Ttr. Curnoto Elected.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 19— At a full
board meeting of the trustees of the State
Insane Asylum at Agnews to-day Dr. J. R.
Curnow, recently appointed trustee by
Governor Budd to succeed W. W. Monta
gue of San Francisco, was elected chair
man without opposition.
There is a irovement on foot to raise a
bust to the late Paul Yerlaine of the Lux
emburg Gardens.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1596.
ARIZONA HOLDS
HIGH CARNIVAL
Banners of Orange, White
and Crimson Wave at
Phoenix.
THE MIDWINTER FIESTA
Many Visitors From Southern
California Participate in
the Jollification.
THE EXERCISES AND PARADE.
Music Floats, Indians and Regular
Troops Add Brilliancy to
the Event.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Feb. 19. -Under the
streaming banners of orange, white and
crimson, waving so gladly at the bidding
of each vagrant zephyr in the sunbeam
laden air, all Arizona entertained many
visitors and held high carnival in this city
to-day, the occasion being the second an
nual midwinter fiesta.
For many weeks arrangements have
been in progress. The citizens one and nil
have taken an absorbing interest in it, and
to-day was the culmination of all these
combined and unified efforts.
The exercises of the day opened with a
concert by the Eleventh Regiment band,
rendered under the green trees in the
courthouse plaza. Then came the formal
opening, H. C. Gooding, ex-Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court, delivering the ad
dress of welcome.
At 3 r. m. occurred the grand parade.
This was really fine, a distinguishing and
notable feature being the presence of a
delegation of 150 of the most prominent
business men in Los Angeles. They
brought with them the famous Bruin float.
This was borne in the parade by four
Pima Indians.
Miss Lena Purdy, one of the most popu
lar and beautiful young ladies of Phoenix,
received the most votes and hence was
chasen in the procession as the Carnival
Queen.
The Indians from the Pima, Sacaton
and White Mountain reservations were a
feature.
There was also a very large delegation
from the Indian school near this city. It
was a sight incongruous enough — the
Apache, his sworn enemy the Pima, and
the Papago marching side by side in front
of their children, who as pupils of lhe
school mad up a brass band whose music
was not at all bad.
There were about forty-five floats, two
regiments of the United States regulars
and others, making in all about 2500 peo
ple, occupying about one hour in passing
a given point.
As a whole the occasion passed off
siroothly, and on all sides to-night
Director-General Francis C. Hatch and
Major Ed Schwartz, marshal of the day,
are receiving high encomiums of praise.
The season occupies the remainder of this
week.
The Los Angeles delegation, headed by
Mr. Montgomery and John J. Converse of
that city, serenaded Governor Hughes,
Chief Justice Baker and Whitelaw Reid
last night. Mr. Converse acted as spokes
man for the crowd at each place.
Governor Hughes made a neat reply, in
which he said the interests of Arizona and
Southern California were identical, and
that in a case of emergency the latter
would be called upon to help Arizona in
any measure had before Congress. Much
applause greeted this statement.
Chief Justice Baker also replied to an in
vitation issued by Mr. Francis. He
thanked the gentlemen and excused his
own uselessness by the fact that sickness
prevented his replying fittingly.
Whitelaw Reid also responded. He
spoke of the unity of interests of Southern
California and Oregon and recommended
the cultivation of closer commercial rela
tionship.
The party was accompanied by the
steam caliope quartet, the most renowned
musical organization in Arizona. Among
those present were Messrs. Francis of the
Herald, Converse of the Express, Mont
gomery, Smith and Newton.
JUST TO SCARE THE SOT,
Why a Stockton Man Took a Shot at a
Mischievous Urchin.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 19.-Jiiumie
Newbury, a 14-year-old boy, was shot last
evening near the pavilion by a man on a
streetcar, who resented the boy's act iri
throwing flour on him as the car passed.
The conductor saw the man fire the shot,
but did not think it had any serious end
ing and did not report the matter to the
police. The boy received a severe flesh
wound and is in danger of blood-poisoning.
To-day Harry Masters, a groceryman]
surrendered himself to the police and said
that he fired the shot merely to frighten
the boy. He was charged with assault with
a deadly weapon and was placed under
bonds pending the result of the boy's inju
ries.
Masters' friends profess great surprise
at his foolhardy act and are doing all they
can to assist him in his trouble, but are
severe in their criticism of his conduct.
A STOCKTOX HOT'S fTIXDFALZ.
Recover* $'£800 Itamagea for Having
Been Put in Irons.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 19. - Charles
Trabing, a 16-year-old boy, to-day ob
tained judgment against the California
Navigation and Improvement Company
for $2000 damages.
Trabing is the boy who was put in irons
by Captain Benson on March 31 of last
year for alleged non-payment or fare. At
the next landing place he was put ashore,
and, according to his story, had to walk
thirty miles to a friend's.
The company professes to believe that
Captain Beuson acted within the limits of
the law and that the boy gave offense by
abusive language to the passengers and
did not pay his fare.
The company's attorneys will move for
a new trial, and in case of failure will ap
peal the case to the Supreme Court.
PORT TOWA'SJSAn WILL CASE.
Two Women. Claim the Estate of the Late
I/arht Spoor.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 19.-
There ia a contest in prospect here over
property valued at $15,000, left by ex-Coun
cilman David Spoor, a pioneer, who died
on February 11. His will, dated February
5, 1895, in which all his property is left to
his sister, Mrs. M. J. Cluni of St. Paul,
Minn., was filed yesterday, and to-day it
i is claimed by his wife that the deceased
signed a later will leaving all the property
to herself. It is said the last will was made
in San Francisco, where Spoor went to con
sult a specialist, who told him four weeks
ago that he could not live more than a
month, and if a later will does not turn up
the one on file will be contested.
WAR IN A CITY COUNCIL
The Mayor ot Port Town send Has a Coun-
oilman Ejected From His
Seat
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 19.— A
complaint was issued this evening charg
ing Mayor Rogers and Chief of Police
Stamer with assault and battery on the
person of Councilman Jacobs, who was, at
last night's meeting of the City Council,
forcibly ejected from his seat in the Conn
cil by the Chief of Police on the order of
the Mayor.
There has been trouble between the
Mayor and Council for the past six months
over city appointments. The majority of
the Council has steadily refused to con
firm the Mayor's appointees by a vote of
four to three, but last night the Mayor at
tempted to remove Councilman Jacobs,
one of the majority against him, who has
recently moved out of the ward from
which he was elected.
On the advice of the City Attorney,
Jacobs refused to vacate, and was removed
as stated. The result will be the arrest of
the Mayor and Chief of Police as soon as
papers are signed by Jacobs.
The real light is over the City Treasurer's
office.
The present Treasurer deposits city
money in a bank of which Collector Saun
ders is president, and Mayor Rogers, al
though a Democrat, is at the head of the
anti-Saunders Democratic faction, and at
least a dozen leading politicians of both
parties are involved in this trouble. As a
result of this light the Democratic party
of this county is now hopelessly rent
asunder.
TWO SUICIDES AT ST. HELENA.
One Shoots Himself and the Other Takes
Carbolic Acid.
ST. HELENA, Cal., Feb. 19.— One sui
cide is enough to startle this usually quiet
town, but it had two this afternoon.
About 2 o'clock an Italian named Gal
natti was brought from Beringer's ranch
with his face all shot to pieces.
Fellow-workmen heard two shots ten min
utes apart. Upon investigation they found
Galnatti lying in a pool of blood, but
alive. He said he was tired of life and
wanted to die, so he took a shotgun loaded
witn sniall shot and rired into his face.
Finding that tt did not kill him he fired
the other barrel, which also failed to kill
him. The doctor says the man may live,
but he will be blind and have little face
left.
The first suicide had hardly been cared
for before a report came that'John Nielsen
had killed himself. His little girl, return
ing home from school, went to the wood
shed for wood to get supper and found her
father sitting in a chair dead.
He had taken carbolic acid and had
been dead two or three hours when found.
Deceased was a well-knotvn hotel man of
this city and leaves a wife and three chil
dren. Despondency and family troubles
are supposed to have been the cause. He
had been out of business several weeks
and recently had trouble with his wife.
THE WILLOWS TRAGEDY.
Frank Putman and John Crothers
on the Witness Stand for
the Prosecution.
The Court Takes a Recess and Puts
the Jury in the Hands of
the Sheriff.
"WILLOWS, Cal., Feb. 19.— Frank Put
nam, the witness who left the stand last
night, was recalled this morning and
: testified that Mrs. Sehorn, wife of the de
; fendant, came upon the scene and remon
; strated with the defendant, who told her
to let him alone and gave her a push away.
The next witness was John Crotncrs, a
young man who was employed in the store
of the deceased at the time and was pres
ent at the killing of Putnam. He testified:
"I came from supper, and saw Sehorn
and Putnam talking; saw Mrs. Sehorn
and her little ?on near by, and one Frank
McNorton also. Putnam was standing in
front of the store, leaning acainst the awn
ing-pole. Sehorn was shaking his finger
! in his face, anil called him 'a liar' twice.
"Hulet came between them and then
Putnam struck defendant in the face with
his fist, staggering him against Hulet, but
not knocking him down. Then Sehorn
shot Putnam four times. Sehorn shot
Putnam when his back was to him. I
went into the back part of the store, and
the next I saw they brought Putnam into
the store and laid him on the floor."
Attorney Albery worried the boy wit
ness until 4 o'clock, when Attorney Swin-
I ford elicited as follows:
"At the time I was examined before the
Justice it was my first experience as a wit
ness and 1 was excited. lam not excited
now and have thought the matter care
fuliy over since that time."
J. 1?. William?, who was a Constable at
the time of the homicide, was the next
witness. He testified:
"Between (j and 7 o'clock in front of
Putnam's drugstore on the evening of Oc
tober 7 my attention was attracted to the
parties in front of the drugstore, but
didn't know them until I was six or eight
feet of them.
"I heard some talk and saw three or
four men together and thought somethine
was going to happen. I Lurried there
aud had got within six or eight feet when
a shot was tired, before I had got closer
than ten or twelve feet of them I saw that
Sehorn was In a bent position and was
straightening up. 1 saw Sehorn h're the
shot. Ido not know how Sehorn got into
the bent position.
"Frank Putman had hold of the deceased
and was trying to get him away, pushing
or pulling him to get him off the sidewalk.
Did not see Putman make an attempt to
strike Sehorn. Putman kept backing off
and fell in the street."
The court took a recess and put the jury
into the hands of the Sheriff until 9
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Closing a tiap in the Coast Road.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 19.—
Beginning with Sunday, the 22d of
February, the Southern Pacific will com
mence to run through trains from here to
Elwood, connectine with stages running
to Casmalia, and thus closing the gap in
the coast road.
This news is hailed with delight, for
while it is not probable that Santa Bar
bara will find an appreciable gain in time
as regards transportation between here and
San Francisco, the movement seems to
indicate a serious purpose on the part of
the railroad company to complete build
ing the road at an early date so that the
stage line will be shortened by constantly
advancing railroad stations.
Seattle Jiepubllrana Xoininafe.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 19.— The Re
publicans, in convention to-day, placed a
full municipal ticket in the field, naming
Frank Black for Mayor. The A. P. A.
made a strong fight for the control of the
nominations, and while failing as regards
the mayoralty, it named a number of"can
didates for minor offices.
Cincinnati is one of the few cities whose
growth has not been proportionate to the
increase of wealth of the State in which it
is located.
OFFICER ON TRIAL
AT SACRAMENTO
Serious Charges Preferred
Against Police Cap
tain Green.
SCENE IN THE JURY-ROOM
The President of the Board of
City Trustees Accused of
Prejudice.
A STORM OF ANGRY PROTESTS.
The Accused Seen to Enter Faro
Games and Drink Whisky While
on Duty.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 19.— The
trial of Captain Anthony Green before
the Board of City Trustees to-nijjht drew
an immense crowd. The charges, which
have heretofore been published in full in
The Call, were preferred by Mayor C. H.
Hubbard.
Chief M. M. Drew was sworn and stated
the duties of the captain. Under cross
examination he stated that as far as he
knew no charges had ever been filed with
him against Captain Green and Green had
attended to his duty. He had no method
of ascertaining positively whether Green
attended to his duties or not, as Green's
duties always commenced after his ended.
At this point Captain Green filed a re
monstrance against the President of the
Board of Trustees acting as a member of
the jury, on the grounds that he had time
and time again expressed a decided preju
dice against him, and had repeatedly ap
proached members of this board and re
quested them to join him in having him
discharged. He did not consider that the
president was capable.
This aroused a storm of angry protest
from several members of the board, who
not only repudiated these charges, but
claimed that the president of the board
was no't on trial.
The chairman of the police committee
then rose and stated that the president
was not concerned in the matter, and Cap
tain Green acknowledged that his informa
tion onihe subject was largely hearsay.
W. L. Leonard, an agent who had been
engaged by the police committee of the
board of trustees to investigate into the
method in which the members of the po
lice force have been performing their
duties, was the next witness. He stated
that he had followed the accused for the
past three weeks. He had repeatedly seen
him enter various places where faro and
otner games were conducted.
He had entered these places, but had
not played at the games to his knowledge.
He had seen him enter a saloon and tako
a drink of whisky when on duty. He had
seen him enter the residence 1013 Q street
at five minutes after 12, and, although he
had watched two hours, he had not come
out.
Mayor Hubbard stated positively that
Captain Green had acknowledged to him
that he was at the residence 1013 Q street
at 12 o'clock at night, but that he went
there to pluck the wing-feathers of the
gamecocks, who were flying over the
fence, and then Captain Green established
an apparently clear alibi by numerous
witnesses wno positively swore that at the
time he was accused of being in the afore
said residence he was attending to his
duties.
Every other allegation was disproved by
Green's witnesses and the matter was ad
journed until Saturday night, when it is
rumored considerable rebuttal testimony
of a startling nature may be introduced.
YOLO AND COLUSA CANAL.
Scheme to Place a Large Area of
Very Rich Land Under
Cultivation.
A Meeting to Be Held at Knights
Landing to Consider the
Question.
WOODLAND, Cal., Feb. 19.— An impor
tant and highly interesting meeting to
land-owners in Reclamation District 103
will be held at Knights Landing in this
county Saturday, February 29.
The purpose of the meeting is to devise
some system of drainage by which a large
body of the best farming land in Yolo and
Colusa counties can be reclaimed.
The land is already protected from the
overflow water of the river, but there are
several creeks that run down from the
hills and empty into the basin from which
there is at present no outlet into the river.
It is the disposition of this hill water
that furnishes the vexing problem to the
farmers, as there is not a drop of the
river water in all the basin. All schemes
to reclaim the Jand from the devastation
of the hill water have so far proved un
availing.
This body of land comprises about 74 ,000
acres of very productive soil. The latest
scheme is to construct what will be called
the West Side Canal. It is proposed to
begin at a point north of Colusa and run
southeasterly along the border of the basin
and along the north side of the ridge at
Knights Landing.
It is said that such a canal can be con
structed so that the water can be emptied
into the Sacramento River above high
water mark, and without in the least en
dangering the town of Knights Landing,
or increasing the danger of flooding the
farming districts below the town.
Tn e cost of the canal is estimated at
$/00,000, and the money is easily obtain
able.
SMUGGZEIt I>T4 HOyrtH HELV.
lUch Gem* Taken in Charge by a United
States' Detective.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 19.-The
United States authorities believe smuggled
diamonds have been disposed of in this
city, ana that they came through a Cin
cinnati house, one of the largest importers
of gems in the country. About a week
ago a captain of a steamship on the Red
Star line arrested at Philadelphia, and
a box containing valuable gems was found
in his possession. The package was ad
dressed to the Cincinnati firm. and did not
appear on the steamer's manifest.
Yesterday Charles Rogers went to an
express ' office ?' and called for a package.
He paid the charges and was about to
walk out when a man stepped up and said ; i
"I will take charge of those diamonds."
The stranger threw back his coat, display
ing the badge of a United States officer.
The diamonds are being held at the
express office until the officials are able to
identify them as smuggled gems. Ttity
are said to be worth $33,000.
TRAMPS IX A. HOLD-UP.
Vagrants Traveling in a Boxcar forced
to Gire Vp Their Savings,
NEW YORK, N. Y., Feb. 10.— A Morris
town (N. J.), special says: Something new
in the line of a hold-up took place about a
mile from Dover, on the Delaware, Lacka
wanna and Western Railway, at an early
hour yesterday morning. A freight train
had come in from Scran ton, Pa., and about
iiftecn men, some of them tramps, and
others who had been at work and saving
their money and I: beating" their way home
were in a boxcar.
As the train stopped there was a rap fir
admission, and those inside supposing
some one wanted shelter, opened the door.
Outside were three masked men armed
with revolvers and dark lanterns.
Two of the men entered the car and com
manded the occupants to throw up their
hands. They then ordered them to stand
line, and while one of them held the gun
his companion went through the crowd.
The robbers secured about $200 and three
gold watches.
WHAT SUNNYSIDE WANTS
Extension of Its Avenue Desired
Through Mr. Sutro's
Property.
Ashbury Heights Property-Owners to
Discuss the Question of
Franchises.
The Sunnyside Improvement Club, when
it meets in Vice-President Eugene Dasse's
hall on Circular avenue Friday night
proposes to take up vigorously the ques
tion of having Sunnyside avenue ex
tended through Mayor Sutro's property,
so as to connect with the Ocean boulevard.
"Three years ago," said E. Avery Mc-
Carthy, "Mr. Sutro promised us that he
would have Sunnyside avenue so extended,
but he has not yet done anything toward
it. Our people have had Sunnyside ave
nue opened and put in shape fora distance
of about one mile, at a cost of $75,000,
making a fine roadway 100 feet in width.
We are getting tired of waiting for the ex
tension."
Another question to come up is the con
dition of the Southern Pacific Company's
property on Circular avenue. The em
bankment there needs attention, it is said,
and the fences are senerally dilapidated.
The organization of south of the park
property-owners known as the "South
Side " Club is preparing to celebrate the
completion of the Ocean boulevard as soon
as Contractor Buckman finishes his job.
The time for the completion of the con
tract is April 1. President Charles W.
Pope has already consulted with Editor
Hayman, who owns the Ocean House,
with a view to a big banquet. The boule
vard has been macadamized to within
three blocks of the Ocean House.
Mr. Pope said yesterday it was the in
tention of the Market-street Railway Com
pany to change the H-street steam-dummy
line into an electric line and run it out
Forty-eighth avenue to the Ocean House.
The company owns about 2000 feet front
age now on the bouievard— three blocks
adjoining the Ocean House property —
which, according to Mr. Pope, the com
pany proposes to convert into a resort.
The Ashbury Heights and Stanyan
street Improvement Club is considerably
agitated over the franchise recently ap
plied for by Secretary W'iJlrutt on behalf
of the Market-street Railway Company.
As usual, a condition of the franchise, in
tended to bar out every other bidder, re
quires that the pieces of road applied for
must be "an extension of and adjunct to
and in connection with the street railroads
now owned by tne Market-street Railwav
Company."
President George A. Rankin could not
say yesterday afternoon just what action
would be taken in the matter. A meeting
of the club is to be held at F. W. M.
Lango's house, 127 Carl street, on the first
Monday of the month. Mr. Rankin's
opinion of the Market-street Railway
Company's move was that it constituted
an indication that it anticipated losing the
suit brought by the club to compel a for
feiture of the old Metropolitan franchise
and that it was preparing to quietly aban
don the old franchise.
Tbe franchise applied for proposes to
cover several pieces of road as 'follows:
Along Page street, from Masonic avenue
to Stanyan street; along Mason street,
from Market to Eddv, and along the block
on Hyde street from Ellis to O'Farrell,
and thence out O'Farrell to Scott.
There was no doubt in Mr. Rankin's
mind that the Board of Supervisors would
grant the franchise, but from Mr. Rankin's
point of view this franchise would not
legally be worth the paper written upon,
and in the same category Mr. Rankin
placed sweepingly all the franchises now
owned by the street railway system.
Alfred Austin is entitled to draw the
accumulation of salary due to the Poet
Laureate since Tennyson's death in l£o2.
NEW TO-DAY.
Dark Wintor Underskirts for ladies 35c
Yard-wide Family Muslin, standard make 5c
Trousers, everything up to $2, closing jpi 00
Blankei-i, California wool, gray. 6 lbs 92 45
Fluffy Cotton Vats, bigrolis, best ] r >"
Embroidery, \v:'s 10c and worth it .'.'. :!c
B. <fc H. Celebrated $4 Button Shoes $2 00
Mousses, Open Kettle, New Orleans, again . 75c
Table Peaches, ripe and luscious 10c
Cookies, equal to your grandmothers' 30c
Coffee, that grand Aureola blend 20c
Sweet cider, tor mince pies, quarts ] if,r-
Wash Blue, Fidelity, price cut in tw0......... 10c
Keene's KnKlUh Blue. 5 blocks ,"k-
Hams, Kastern, (,'uanmtectl, our brand "l2U>c
Pitted Plums, used to bring 'Jiip 'X c
Beehives, enough for everybody ..".'.".!.'.'.' 90c
feoap, Babbitt's best, 24 bars !!.$1 00
Smiths 1 Cash Store,
414, 41 6, 41 8 Front St., S,F.
2 SENT POSTPAID •
1 For ioo Coupons ) f For 2 Coupons
\ and $I.oo j ORf land $2.00.
% You will find one coupon inside each 2 ounce 2
2 ba£» a "d two coupons inside each 4 ounce bag of
j Blacewells Genuine j
2 The watoh ia Electro Gold Plated, a good time keeper, quick
2 stem wind, and stem set. It is offered far below its value to induce •
2 you to try this Tob»oco. Send coupons with name and address to •
2 BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO CO., Durham, N. C. \
g Buy a bag of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco and read the
S Coupon which gives a list of other premiums and how »
to get them. 2 CENT STAMPS ACCEPTED. 2
THE GREAT
This extraordinary Rejuvonator la the mos]
vonderful discovery c f the age. It haa been
endorsed by ths leading scienti iner. of Euiopa
-zrm-^ find America, /tffc*!^
W«jl^k Bndyaa is fsS&£s3k
_k_ .SB purely veee- i
Wfl&*f Hadyan stops (>S&^ r ' .
*$%Mjtiioi remat:irenes3 &j^/t4&ik
Cures
BEFORB I<OST AFTEB
MANHOOD
Constipation, Dizziness, Falling Sensations, 1
■ Nervous Twitching of the eyes and other parts.
, Strengthens, Invigorates and tones tho entira
; Byßtem. Hudyan cures Debility, Nervousness,
and developea and restores vrenSt
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day or
night are stopped Quickly. Over 2,000 private
\ endorsements.
Frematureness impotency In the flrnt
i stage. 1 1 isasymptomof Beminal weakness and
| barrenness. It can be stopped iu 20 days by tho
use of Hudyan. ,
The new discovery was made by the Special,
lstsof theold famous Hudson Medical Insti-
tute. It is tho atrongbst vitalizer made. It 13
very powerful, but harmless.
Send for circulars and testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN Fit.yyCISCO, CAL.
0 «*«"532 c °
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's I. failing; Specialist,
CUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHROXIO
! O diseases of the h'-ad, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
I ach, livtr and bowels; kidney trouble.!, disorders
of the bladder and nrinary or-nns, rupture, plle%
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of tbe gland*.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
. or woiiipii, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
' bashfulness. failing memory and ail the distress-
I ing ills resultinz from nervous debility positively
' an 1 permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
! ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles if living away from tha
1 city and advice will be irlven you free of charge.
I Address J?. L. SWKANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Oflice),
San Francisco, Cal.
! ~
CURED AS IF -BY 'MAGIC.
Victims ol Lost .Manhood PhouM send at
£<Esii . once for a boolc
"w^s that explains how
/*^\jt\ full irianly vigor
(-» -yJ^-a^v * 3 easil - v quickly
I V' JJr*» .S\ aD d Permanently
X^^^^&dltt) restore!. man
//^^V^^^-^; Kf Buffering from
/ / \\Jjjl Vr?P weakness can af-
[/^JZ&'J 'M\V/ rd to ignore this
j/L^^rT 'PfTTI tim ely advice.
/£2CX Book tells hovr
£>*— — < -^^■^iikfuU Btrensth, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERIE CO., BUFFALQ,N.Y.
ililililf
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary ana
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con«
eultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEAIICAL CO.,
"oom 1, G33 Market St., San Francisco.
DR. PIERCES §g| GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
Is the Latest Patent; contains all improvements
and is sold at one-half tbe price asked for Inferior,
but much-advertised electrte bo:ts.
The results accomplished by Dr. IMerce's belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures havlnsj
been made where physicians and medicines h:»a
failed to Rive relief.
The strongest possible evidence vrill be Riven to
inquirers as to the efficacy and auperiority of I>r.
i'ierce's belts, and a thoroupii examination a.id
COmparisoii of those eoods with all others is re-
spectfully Invited of all Intending purchaser* of aa
Electric Belt. tfo" Call or writo for free I'avifu-
i.kt No. 2." Address
I)KS. I'IKKCK & SOX,
704 .Sacramento Street.
2d, 3rd and 4th floors, San Francisco, Cal.BASSO WAS A STAYER.
Easily Outfooted Oakland and
Cadmus in the Three-Cor
nered Race.
The Greatest Crowd of the Season at
Ingleside— Favorites Took
Three Events.
The greatest crowd of the season at
tended the racing at Ingleside yesterday, a
conservative estimate placing the number
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Corty-elghth Day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Fast. Ingle
side Track. San Francisco. Wednesday. February 19, i896.
1 X FIRST EA< E— Four furlongs; two-year-olds: conditions; allowances; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, weigh:.
| St.
Vi
Vk
I
54
Fin.
Jockeys.
; Betting.
Op. Cl.
852 01. Wheeler 103 4
642 Scarborough 108 8
641 L.mrelwood.lo7- 7
•S9B Cha'r^niagne 10S 9
618 Torpedo 10S 6
698 Phillip II ios 10
6.VJ Alma Dale 10U 8
710 Ltndendale 100 1!
688 Billy Vice 108 5
698 ting 108 2
3h
! 6h
........ i 6h
10
i 7h
! 91
: 8h
2 1
4 h
I l *
11/2 i 4 Donnelly
32 1 I 1 -' W. -Martin
7 3h J. Cborn
41/« 4 4 Sloan
9 fih Bh»w
10 6 1 iPIKKOtt
8 7 a Harrier
6 H 6 Frawley
S • 9 3 Macklln ....
2 3 10 C. Sloan
7-a
3
J
4
6
i
H
8
8
7
20
6
4
4
6
8
15
10
25
7
30
start. Won easily. Winm-r, Uurns «fc Waterhouse's ch. c, by imp. Midlothian-Agnes.
Btartlng-gate nsed. Time, :49<&.
ri £» SKCOND HACK— Six furlongs: selling: three-j-ear-olds and upward ;
Index. ! Horse, ase, weluht. I St. I
. I
; Str. I Fin. | Jociters.
23 12 H.Martin ■..
IVa L' 3 Shields
3 h SI ik-rgen
5 'I 4h C 510an......
4i'j 6 3 J. Chorn
6h 6 h jCoady
j 7 74 Garner
! <) 8 6 .-lucklin
8 9 Cas:ro
10 ! 10 W.Martin
; i Dowell
Betting.
Op. Cl.
702 Hermanita, 4 109 4
707 Artist, 5 117 2
702 Pecksniff, 5 117 7
708 Road Kunner, 5..U7 6 :
709 Walter J, 3 107 lo
704 Belle of stnewll,4.lo9 1
705 Brametta, 3.... 97 B
709 Prlncen Rose 11,3.103 S
705 Fleet. 5 114 9
704 The Judge. 5 117j 8 !
704 Ida Sauer. 4 109 left
6Va
18
7h
; 9
6h
4 1/3 ::::::::
8
2h
3h
10 !::::::::
1 1^
7 V 3
4 1
2 h
6
9
10
i 7-2 7-2
15 30
b 15
15 9
5-2 8 5
4 H
4 7
5 15
100 300
I 8 15
, 200 200
stait. Won oasily. Winner, J. G. Follansbee's blk. f., by Fresno-Sister to Jim Douglas.
Start itic-cate used. Time. 1:16.
Cl "T THIRD RACE— Two miles; sweepstake; value, ?2000.
Index. Horw, age, weight- I St. a.* sul \t I Vs Str. j Fin.
696 :Basso.4 110 2 L'h 21 2h 3 13 11
69« 'Oakland, 6 107 3 3 3 3 '2h 2 1 2 5
696 ; Cadmus, 6 110 1 111-12 12 11 3 3
St.
J. Chorn 7-10
H. Martin., 3
Bergen 5-2
i Betting. •
Op. Cl.
3-5
9-2
14-5
Good start. Won easily. Winner, McNauchton A Muir's b. c, by Falsetto-Kthelda.
Time, 3:34»/2-
-rio FOUKTH EACE- One and a ijuaner miles; over five hurdles; handicap; purse $400.
Index, j Horse, age, weight. Bt Btd. hi Vt 194 Btx.
707 Argenta, a. 140 217 51 ,4h 510 Jl
678 Kurmab, 4 16U 1 Sh 2b 2i, 2 1 21
707 Cirero, a 143 6 lh lh 11 lh 11
684 Templemore, a...1;-!6 3 42 4h 5 6 i3h 510
700 Contentment. 5.140 4 21 SI 3h 4h 4 1
655 Tom Clarke. 4... US « 5 \' 3 6 6 6 5 610 615
707 McGovern. 4 130. 7 ,'6l 7 7 7 |7
| Fin.
G. Cochran '10 20
J. Mara ; 2 7-5
J.Owens 4 7
Boyd 10 7
T. Murphy 8-5 2
Cairns. 6 5
ißudolph 60 250
lh
2 h
3 2
4 1
5 10
820
Good start.
Won driving. Winner, L. Ezell's b. g.. by Enquirer-Arilla. Time. 2:20*4.
ri Q FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward: conditions; allowances-
t LO. purse S4OO.
! Hors*. age, weight.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
i
686 Kd Kearney, 5.. ..116, 4
: helma, 5 110: 3
686 Nephew, 5 115 : 5
711 BirVMsar.S 100 2
696 Fred Gardner, 5. .115, 1
7'Jtf > I p.FuMrtn Lass, 6.llo 7
666 Imp. Candid, 6.. .110! 6
3 3
24
6 3
4 h i
1 1
32
23
4 il<s
53
7
QV2
Iy% I i i
2 IV a ! 2 2
8h 43
43 3 h
5 3 6 10
6 10 6 2
7 7
lh
2 h
3 3
4 1 !
5 4 |
6 20 ;
7
T.Sloan ; 2-5 4-5
J. Chorn I 3 3
W. Martin 10 SO
! earner i 5-2 14-5
iGriffin 10 SO
Sniler 150 300
Piggott... | 30 100
oood start. Won cleverly. Winner, G. E. Smith's ch. h., by Tom Ochiltree-Meduaa. At poat 25
rr.l!-.:;ps. Time, 1:88)4.
'7 4 7() SIXTH. RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; conditions: allowances; purse $400.
. ■■■--
index. Horse, age, weight.
Jockeys.
[ Betting.
Op. Cl
701 Mobolasca. 3 103 3
701 Pat Murphy, 4.. -11l 2
698 Unity, 3 99 6
(6SB) Highland, a 112 4
697 Jack Atkins. 3.... 99 6
SenatorHoffmn,3.lo2 1
(695)jlTncertalnty, a....H7| 7
Morven. 5 114 left
2 3
34
6 S
6 10
4h
1 h
7
1 4
32
6 20
5 4
4 Va
21
7
1 4
3 2
6 20
6 4
4 A'
7
1 2
2h
3 3
4 2
B 4 |
6 2U I
.. 7 .....i
T. Sloan
PiKgott
Cochran
J. Chorn
ißeaucbamp
IT. Martin
jShields
It. Jones
I l
10-
-6
3
60
'lO
15
I 4
3-6
6
8
11-2
300
25
40
6
<;oo<i starr-
Won
Winner. K. Corrigan's br. f., bv A
'. Time. 1
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have do record at ihe distance to be run the records at th« next nearest
«J!atenre ere Riven.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., lair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIP.ST RACE— Fire and half furlongs; selling.
Index.
Name.
| Best
Lbs record.
Lbs
Tk.|
Pedigree.
708 Agitato
621 Melanie..
674 Easel
461 El Kayo
640 Miss Ruth
633 TamalpaH
645 Marionette
709 Model
640 Swiftsure
642 Playful
• HoJ Gondola.
64-i Red Will
634 Hyman
694 Myrtle H
695 Banjo
686 Imp. Kndymlon
611 Rev Alta.
705 Crawford
705 Veraeua ]
656 Sweet Hose
458 JLlttle Tough....
108 1:1514
106 1 1:07%
I 95 :50
11111:083/4 |
10411:42% i
109,1:16 j
9111:01
10211:0734
108 ' 1:08V*
102; 1:20 % ;
106|l:08 !
107jl:01
1081:08
91 :56
l:O7»4
93! :55S 4 I
104 j 1:02
108 1:08
93 :56
91 no rec.
108 1:09
6f
5%f
% m
5%f
,1 m
6f
6 f
5% f
5% t
61
5%f
5 t
5% f
4 1/2 f !
51 - 3 f
41., f
sif
5% f i
4% f
5%"i"
107
99 ;
108
101
94
104
105
105
98
110
105
98 >
93 1
104
96
100
125
.101
101"
F...
V...
V...
V...
V...
y...
F...
k:
ii..
F...
F...
F...
F...
F...
F...
F...
F...
F...
i Pueblo stable !
:T. H. Ryan '
■ Woodlawn stable
C. J.Quinn !
A. H. Martin
Mrs. A nderson |
.Ingleside stable
California stable.. . .
I A. H. Small I
P. Archibald
W. P. Fine !
iO. F. Johnson I
T. F. Lynch :
T. J. Koche
! Odell stable i
Atkins <fc Lottridge
(.. Motheral
Antrim stable
W.O'B. McDonough
Burns&Waterhouse
G. Balr.
limp. Cyrns-Frolic
'Fowbattan Fasuionette
Ben Ali-Kzza
Grinstead-Sunllt
Sobrante-Ruth
IJoe Hooker-Una
Imp. Marinf-r-Maranette
I rri j». Sir Modrt-d-Gypsy
jColoma- Laura D
Ijim Brown-Imp. Fun
Frank Rhoades- Delia
'Jim Gore-War Banner
:Himyar-Macgie B
Torso- Lady Leinster
Peregrine- Lady Foster
Knterprise-Sapientia
Altn-Pannie 1)
Apache-Kmma Longfleld
Sin fax-Partisan a
Flambeau- Imp. Fairy Kose
jGlenKlni- Unknown
|iO6
PKCOND RACE
and a
: selling.
Inside course.
Index. !
Name.
I Best I
Lbs record.! Dlsu I Lbs!
Tk.
702 Hy Dy !
T''4 i omrade
640 Miss Ruth
6.*4 I'ncle Giles
•60 Catalogue
681 Dncbss Miipitas
. ,»ibot Clifton..
62*2 Alexis
600 iMonita '
712 K. li. Sberley ..
'104 I<4l»A 3 m 92 F...1
112 1:051-4 5 f 107 H..i
99 1:42^2 1 m 94 F...
104 1:42 1 m 107,F...
IQ]il:23 BVa* !109!H..1
«:< l:4liA la. |ps f...
104 1:161 2 5i/ 2 f 97 11..
1107 l:44ia 1 iu 97 F...
104 1 :41V a 1 m 104 F... I
107 I:3B V£ 7 t 104 H.. i
J. H. Snields. i
,C. Hpooner I
A. H. Martin I
: Nevada stable '
iC. Tyron... j
(Elmwoocl stk farm. [
iPleasanton stable..:
! Garden City stable, i
|M. Schwartz |
F. Brown :
iHyder Ali-Addie Warren
'Ty rant-Blithesome
jSobraDte-Ruth
I El Rio Key-HettieHumnhrv
IGano-Jennle C
jDuke Norfolk-Ledette
•Flood-Imp. Goula
j Argyle-Frisa
'St. Snvio:ir-Nighthawk
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles: s.-llin-.
Index J
Name.
Best |
Lbs record. Dist. Lbg,
Tk.
651 Hidago 110 2:0114 1% m 1 11 11.. B. Schreiber Hidnlgp-Ora< iosa
706 iDelNortc 105 1:47 1 1-Jtim 105 F.., Woodlawn stable la. Greeubaek-I'rescilla
607 Rey del Bandidos 95 I:lsi<>6f ' 1 07, F... Lone stable iTrufßriin-KnimaCollier
: u :le Cripple 107 1:55V 2 H.gm 108 F... J. Weber ! P of Penzance-LStaulipt
•rtllla i95 1:42 1 m , 100 F... O. Appleby. 'Peel-Faustina
712 Red ROM 107 1 :44 i/ 2 1 m :105F.. C. Purker 'imp. London-Cameo
b6O Little Bgb | 97 1:42i /2 lm 90 F> . Davenport stable Surinam-Daisy S
FOURTH KACE— One and a half miles; hurjle; soiling. Burlin<?ame stakes.
Index.
Name.
Best :
Lbs record. I
Dist Lbs Tk.
Owner.
liP/j)kjpC. 127 '_»:4S \lV 2 tn 138 F... G. Motheral Apache-Irene
tigi> Tbree Forks.... 124 2:l-ji.i li 8 m 142JU.. F. Farrar Spokane-Trifle
£?r C J° 1 iS2 5?^ C /Uv/"- ;•„;•••• (; - K - Morris* C0.... Imp. s,r Modred-Preciosa
BIS I h f, Lark 128 2:46 y. p l^ m 135 F...J. T. Clifton Wildidle-by Monday
700 liellrm K er 1«6! 2:45^5 1 ' m 150 F...5.C Hildreth iTroubador-Boicobelle
(700) St. Brandon.... 140j3:4H |2 m 165 F... J. lirenock Imp. St. Blalse-Guenn
Vil . AI I.' ■"; Via ! o : 22^* \\\ Am lio F - A. I'. Welcome Robson-Grcenleat
b6 S l ' old I M.ft "8:2:36 l%m 136 F... J. Fields Oro-Gold Cup
b49 Montalvo 1 33 j n0 rec. J.Cochran bid-May Belle
b3O Apri1...... 157J3:01% li/ 3 m 136 11.. W. B. Dod.l McCreary-Rosa
826 Great Palls 141|no reel ig. H. Irwin.... Glen Klm-Nordica
543 |\\awona ]138jnorec.| |.. Mokelutnne stock fm Imp. Modred-Typhoon
FIFTH KACE- One mile: purse.
Index.
Name.
Best
Lbs record. Dist.
I
!LbB Tk.
I
rSSi T C r? ilar 101 1:29% 7f 104 F... J shields. Imp. Esther-Wyandoue
(4t)oi IriX •- 101 1.00 11-8m IOS \t... O. TI. Dur.ee Frwrnnn-A nnip L
1108 1 Rebellion 81 1:13% »6 i 108 F... Walrott stal.-.n I'eW-imp. Mutiny
SJ ot M rI L- ™j }:«}* I°J 108|>>- K'"»""«>'»stk farm. Imp. Brutus-Bonnie Jean
705 Molließ 94 143% 1 m HS £». J. Kobbins Imp. Mariner-Cantenac
b,2 K.rady ; 1.13 i*b f 109 11-...| Qw.-ns Bros ; Three Cheers-bold Cup
SIXTH RACE— About six furlongs; selling.
Iridex.
Name.
I Best I • i
(Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk.
Owner.
■
657 Toano ;
&£•£ Beatrice !
335 Clara Johnson..
676 Clacqtier
(70'2) s>ea r?pray j
»9'J M ajor Cook
SB6 Hiiftio :
(646) Joe Terry i
683 Meadow I^ark..
71.S Mainstay........
714 Ferris Hart man;
661 colt- man !
tt l*?iJ sV 3 Mn• \i J i* Dnrkee Haviour-Miss Mitford
,S 1-15& «f 11.H wtw 8011 KlUio It v-Valerie ■
10J 1-141& bf inn H.. }f. Tavh.r. Three Cheers-Belle of Lake
TOOI-l-J/ 6f ln«iff" }. • * lebemhaler — Imp. Mariner-Mawiette
q« 1 : -6 '"« 6 f 105 n" vii.H 88lon8 , la e — Bulwark-Sister to Violet
2o i.'T? «♦ iii- U" nn V° stable... Hidalgo-Bertie W
b9 1:17 '6f 10/ H.. BurnsiWaterhouse Klamhea.i-inip. Teardrop
{^li^i HJ iiVw t" ,-' lm , "o^^ckfarn. Imp. Brutus-Nabette
; lliiiiiJiil^ggilsSis::
BKVKNTH RA'
Five and a half furlongs; selling.
Name.
I Bent I
Lbs record. !
• Dist.
1.1.s
Tk.i
i i
Owner.
Pedigree.
679 Hal Fisher I
023 Red Bird |
644 Suffrage...
645 Rapido '
714 ißodegap j
705 Raphael
464 Tiny j
706 Imp. Amarino. . 1
580 Phyllis... |
464 Isu Lottery filly j
649 : Harry Lewla....
663 isinbad
cloud
6SB IJuillo
653 Normandie
«97 Laura F...
688 Ike L
607 Trappean
695 Price11*..........
688 Polaski
634 Turba
....... Sir Kdward
uiij !
109 l:O7V i
i 91 : 56% !
104 no rec.
104 1:16 i
108 1:07 |
i 91 1:02
! 111 ....:.;.
| 91 1:03
; 91 no rec :
1108 1:18V4
108 1:02 <
108 ........ i
104 !
106 1:29
91 1:01
107 1:22% \
96 :
108!
108:1:403/4!
lOa do rec.
10a no rec.|
j 4V2 t\
'"6f'"'
I 5f
6 f
-6f-
•eT"
i i> t
i i
'80
97
iofj
t>B
99
!
ilOl
; ' 96
107
....
F...
P. .
f.:: :
H..
F..
V.'.'.
k:
F. K. Maley
K. C. Sacho I
El Corona stable
IK. Kaufman
Or. Buckley
lE. l'owe
8. Bowley '
L. Slianer
J. Garret
M. Kerr
J. Maddox !
iR. A. Lewis
F. Vanciel ]
\3. Robbing j
Ramsdell <fc Garlaud.'
B. Schrelber !
Garden City stable...
W« D. Randall !
T. Lundy
lOwens Bros I
W. Chamberlain
\J. A.Greer.
Buck Walton-Alice
,Red Iron-Fanuie Johnson
Imp. suwarrow-Frauchise
Cyclone-Kate Carson
Hrrj- OFallon-MttieWlkr
IHike Norfolk-Futurity
Fresno- Varona
Kella-Amadine
Imp. Trade Wind Daisy S
i Ip.TrdWinil-Sistrlo Lttrv
' Versalllea-Cnu.iin Kate "
Joe HookiT-Kaeuuel
Wild wood- Km ma Barnr-s
Lltteral-imp. Koval Title
Imp. Kyrle Dalv-Kxtract
Tremont-Sallle Hagau
Major Ban-Miss Flush
iliup.ltiverness-La Trappe
Imp. Cyrus- Precious
K'aptaln Al-Gold Cup
iWildldle-Turban
! I
i 7f
I 5f -
104
107
. 94
F..'
F...
K...
....
j"i"m"
"95
id
\'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.\
....
....
••••
of people at 8000. Before the first race
was started the grand stand was literally
packed, and the management fearing the
transportation facilities would be inade
quate to handle the big mass, ordered a
special train. It was "ladies' day" as well
as the closing day of the two-weeks' meet
ing and the fair sex predominated.
The day's sport was not marred by a
single unpleasant feature. Six events
were down on the card, of which the fa
vorites captured three.
The great three-cornered contest be
tween Basso, Oakland and Cadmus at two
miles for a $2000 stake was the event of the
day and awakened genuine enthusiasm.
Contrary to the outside public's expecta
tions, who thought Oakland had the best
chance. Basso opened a 4 to . r > favorite,
which price was speedily cut to 3 to 5.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
Cadmus, who opened at twos, went back '
to 3 to 1, with Oakland closing third in
demand at 4>^. The result was a hollow
victory for the favorite. The pace at the
opening was slow, Bergen on Cadmus j
rating along in front. The brown horse ;
sporting the Spreckels red, white and blue, j
made the running for the three for over a |
mile and a half, where the other two
closed up, and tna trio swung into the j
stretch for the last time on nearly equul I
terms, Basso being slightly in front, appar- |
ently cantering.
Cadmus soon cried quits and the favor
ite bpgan drawing away from Oakland.
H. Martin on the latterurged his mount
with whip and steel, but he was entirely
outclassed, tiie favorite beating him out a
length almost pulled to a walk. Cadmus
finished aoout six lengths further away.
The time for the distance was 3:34}^, the
California record standing at 3:30.
The Burns & Waterhouse stable cut an
other watermelon in tiie two-year-old j
event with Colonel Wheeler at sixes in the i
betting. The youngster assumed a com
manding lead in the stretch and won gal
loping in 49Vi seconds for the four fur- I
longs. Scarborough and Lady Laurel- j
wood, who vied In the betting for second- !
choice honors, foueht it out for the place, !
which was captured by the former. The J
3 to 1 favorite Torpedo ran poorly.
The unlucky Walter J was backed down
from 2' 2 ' to Bto sto win the second event,
a six-furlong dash with eleven starters, but
was slow in breaking away when the bar
rier to the starting machine was hoisted
■nd ran unplaced. The second choice,
Hermanita, won handily bv a couple of
lengths, with the 30 to 1 aho't Artist in the
place.
The handicap-hurdle event, one and a
quarter miles over five jumps, resulted in
a big upset. Burmah went to the post
with first call in the betting backed from |
twos down to 3 to 2, and after heading |
Cicero in the stretch looked to have the
race won, but in the final few yards was
beaten out a short neck by the 20 to 1 shot i
Argenta, ridden by George Cochran. Con
tentment, the second choice, ran unplaced.
Pittsburg Phil's horse Ed Kearney had
performed so inconsistently in his races
that the general public fought shy of him j
in the seven-furlong run that was fifth on j
the-card, and even money or 9 to 10 was J
always obtainable about him. A hc-avv j
play was made on Tom Griffin's Vassar, |
who was backed from 4to 2}-, to 1. The I
noted plunger's horse had one of his run- :
ning streaks on, for taking the lead almost |
as the Hag fell, was always in front, win
ning with little to spare by a neck from j
Thelma. Nephew was a bang-up third. |
Vassar was cut off soon after the tiag fell, I
or he would undoubtedly have won.
The fast brown filly Aiobalosca from the
Corrigan stable was hammered down from
6t05t03 to sin the betting on the last
race, a six-furlong spin, ami she won as
she liked from Pat Murphy, after making
all the running. Unity was third.
Track and Paddock Items.
The Bay District track reopens to-day
with a good card. The Australian start
ing machine has been placed at most of
the starting posts.
Jockey Cairns was indefinitely sus
pended by the stewards for his ride on
Tom Clarke.
Morven was left at the post in the last
race.
Edward Corrigan will leave for Chicago
this evening. He will remain in the
Windy City only a few days and will then
pay a visit to his breeding farm at Lexing
ton, Ky. Mr. Corrijjan expects to return
to California in a couple of weeks.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club closed a
contract yesterday with P. de B. Lopez,
and at the coming Ingleside meeting a
starting machine will be seen at all of the
starting posts. One will also be erected
on the inner track for schooling horses in
quiet breaking.
The string of Al Orth arrived at the Bay
District track yesterday from New Orleans.
By actual count "5674 ladies passed
through the gate at Ingleside yesterday.
The trotting-horse men again met at the
rooms of the Breeder and Sportsman, on
Bush street, and adopted various resolu
tions for the advancement of the harness
horse the coming season.
READY TO FIGHT.
Tod Sloan Back* an Unknown Against
Dal Hawkins, tho Well-Known
Local Prize-l'ighter.
Dal Hawkins and Billy McGoidrich are
to meet in the next three or four weeks
and fight for a purse of $1000. The fight
has been under discussion for some time.
It was not till last night that the arrange
ments were completed. The articles have
not been signed, but a forfeit of $100 was
put up last night by each of the two men.
Tod Sloan, the jockey, is backing Mc-
Goidrich. J-fe says nis man is a game
fighter, with a great capacity for punish
ment and a right that is a "terror. Sloan
is to give McGoidrich the $500 Hawkins
puts up if lie wins. His interest in the
right centers on a side bet of $5000 he has
laid on the result of the contest.
McGoidrich is from Los Angeles. He is
known among local pugilists as Mickey
Dooley. He has done no righting here,
but has quite a reputation farther south.
Hawkins is quite a celebrity in San Fran
cisco. He has been in many battles, and
is known as a game if somewhat vicious
tighter.
The time and place for the fight have
not been fixed upon. This is deemed ben
because it is feared that there might be
some police interference. The fight wil[
occupy six, eight or ten rounds. It
promises to be a splendid exposition of
the manly art.
NEW TO-DAT.
THE EQUITABLE
LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY
OF THE UNITED STATES.
Assets Dec. 3i, 1895 $201,009,387 84 I Outstanding Assurance De-* ftin CAn ccn AA
cember 31, 1895 J9t 2,509, 553 00
Reserve on all existing
policies calculated on a New Assurance written in i 0 nnr7OcoA aa
4 per cent standard, and i fi n one nnnji 1895 10^0/8,0(10 00
all other Liabilities IOUjOoOjO/O 11
Proposals for Assurance «« », 0 . .
Undivided Surplus on a 4 ( K. ft 7Q Examined and Declined. ZZ,b40,495 00
percent Standard (J)tUjOZtjUll IU installmkn-t policies statkd at theib commuted values.
DIRECTORS:
H. B. HYDE, President.
JAMES W. ALEXANDER, Vice-President.
LOUIS FITZGERALD, LEVI P. MORTON, JOHN A. STEWART, AUGUST BELMONT
HENRY A. HURLBUT, GAGE E. TARBELL, JACOB H. SCHIFF, WM. B KENDALL
HENRY G. MARQUAND, MARVIN HUGHITT, A. VAN SANTVOORD, HENRY S. TERBELL
WM. A.WHEELOCK, FRANK THOMSON, MELVILLE E. INGALLS. GEORGE W. PHILLIPS
MARCELLUS HARTLEY, GEORGE J. GOULD, THOMAS •?. YOUNG, GEO. W. CARLETON
H. M. ALEXANDER, SAMUEL M. INMAN, A. VAN BERGEN, SAMUEL BORROWE*
CHAUNCEY M. DEPEW, SrW. C. VAN HORNE, JOHN E. SEARLES. E. BOUDINOT COLT*
CORNELIUS N. BLISS, CHAS. B. ALEXANDER. DAVID H. MOFFAT. DANIEL R. NOYES ■
THOS. D. JORDAN, EDWARD W. LAMBERT. JAM £S H. DUN HAM, ALAN SON TRASK "
CHARLES S. SMITH, JOHN J. McCOOK, T. DS WITT CUYLER, BRAYTON IVES
JOHN SLOANE, WM. ALEXANDER, JOSEPH T. LOW, SIDNEY D. RIPLEY
HORACE J. FAIRCHILD, JAMES H. HYDE. DANIEL LORD, . J. F. De NAVARRO '
HORACE PORTER, HENRY R. WOLCOTT.
BRANCH OFFICE : Crocker Building, San Francisco.
HAVE BROKEN FAITH
Bad Feeling Engendered Between
the Two Rival Racing
Associations.
The Pacific Coast Tockey Club Claims
the Old Club Is Not Living Up
to an Agreement.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club claims
that the California Jockey Club has broken
faith with tne new racing association, and
that to-day every crime-breedina; gambling
den in the City known by the name of
"commission-houses." as well as those re
sorts in the interior towns of the State, that
are kept alive by the dollars cf petty
employes, opium fiends, messenger boys,
criminals and women of uncertain char
acter, who find an outlet for their
surplus cash by gambling on races, will
be in receipt of the odds, jockeys and
results of the races run at the Bay .District
track.
Edward Corngan, one of the directors of
Ineiesiae tracu, was seen at his hotel last
evening, and stated that by appointment,
he had a meeting with M. A. Gunst and
Henry Ach, two of the moving spirits in
the affairs of the California Jockey Club,
previous to the opening of the meeting
just closed at Ingleside, and that it was
agreed by these two gentlemen that what
ever action was taken by tne management
of the new track in preventing the pool
rooms from obtaining information would
be followed by the California Jockey Club
during its meeting that opens to-day.
Durine tne meeting at Ingleside the
management cut off the interior rooms
who had previously had wires upon learn
ing that the results thus obtained were
being wived back to the City poolrooms.
Balked in this move the proprietors of the
rooms then had the odds, results, etc.,
wired back from Eastern cities where pool
rooms were in operation. The Ingieside
people then cut off from communication
with the track every poolroom in the
United States, and every precaution was
used to i>revent information in regard to
the races from being smuggled from tne
track.
The result was tnat the poolrooms were
in a very bad state, bordering on utter
collapse. " Incorrect odds were given,
wrong jockeys were posted on their boards,
no scratches were obtained, and their busi
was was very light Of course, by this ac
tion a heavy loss was entailed upon the
new jockey club, but they were earnest in
their endeavor to rid the turf ol these para
sites pnd raise it to the hieh standard it
has attained in the far East.
The directors of the California Jockey
Club at a meeting held yesterday after
noen, decided to shut off the other city
and interior rooms from getting wires,
hut the eastern cities will be supplied with
bettint: and odds. This of course means
that the City rooms will be open in
full blast ag;un. It remains to be seen
whether the California Jockey Club will
put forth the same strenuous efforts to
close these illegal "joints" as did the new
association.
SPORTS OF ALL KINDS
What the Advisory Committee
Accomplished at the Olym
pic Club.
Where the Lovers of Outdoor Sports
Can Enjoy Themselves on
Saturday.
The advisory committee of the Pacific
Amateur Athietic Association met last
evening at the Olympic Club and raised
the suspension that has been hanging over
some of the amateurs for several weeks.
The boxers and wrestlers are not yet free
from possible punishment and their cases
will be heard at the next meeting of the
committee.
A large gathering of club members who
are interested in handball will be held on
Tuesday evening next, when it is thought
an annex will be formed. The plans for
the proposed new annex are very elaborace,
and as the directors are strongly in favor
of the construction of a magnificently
equipped ball alley an enthusiastic gather
ing of lovers of this grand indoor pastime
is expected at the meeting.
Superintendent Kennedy has ordered
two dozen balls from old Ireland, which is
the home of tuis now very popular
pastime. James C. Nealon, the ex-As
sessor, who is at present on a snipe-shoot
ing expedition near Sacramento, has of
fered $100 to the Olympic Club as an in
ducement to further the growing interest
in the pa me.
John Butler and Dr. von Hoffman have
returned from Duncans Mills, and report ■
that steelhead fishing in Ru3sian River is j
tolerably pood now. Mr. Butler says that
the Supervisors of Sonoma County have j
been severely criticized by residents along
Russian River because of their recent ac
tion in repealing the ordinance which pro- '■
hibited the catching of steelheads at the
mouth of the river by means of set-nets.
The State law, however, reads that this
style of fishing is unlawful and, conse
quently, the Fish Commissioners propose
to continue the crusade against a class of
men who persist in catching the so called
salmon.
Deputy Fish Commissioners have been
patroling the Paper-mill, Lagunitas and
Sonoma creeks for the past week, but up
to the present there have be en no arrests
for illegal fishing reported.
Henry J. J. Plaeke, who styles himself
champion long-distance swimmer ot the
world, is domiciled at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel, and states his willingness to meet
any man in a swimming match. He has
recently arrived in this City from Aus
tralia.
On Saturday a grand potpourri of sport
will be presented. A regatta wilJ be held
on Lake Merntt, in which aJI of the row
ing clubs of any note will be represented
by well-trained crews, the particulars of
winch appeared in last Saturday's Call;
the Interstate Coursing Club will bold a
grand meeting at Newark Park; the wheel
men will concentrate at San Leandro to
see the finish of the 125-mile roadrace; the
Lincoln Gun Club will meet at Alameda
Point, where a blue-rock tournament will
be held, the finish of which will be de
cided on Sunday; a football game is slated
for Central Park. There will also be seve
ral interesting handball games in the
courts on Howard street, and the marks
men who take a delight in pumping lead
at targets will be well represented at the
Shell Mound and San Rafael ranges. The
number of sporting events announced for
Saturday proves beyond question that con
siderable interest is taken in sporting
affairs by the people of tnis City.
TO RESOLVE AND FEAST
The State Conference of Iro-
quois Clubs Will Set the
Pace for the Party.
Braves Will Hold on Saturday the
First State Democratic Gather-
ing of the Year.
The first State Democratic gathering of
the campaign will be the State conference
of Iroquois clubs, which will convene at
Iroquois headquarters in Pythian Castle
next Saturday morning at 11 o'clock.
As the Iroquois organization here and
elsewhere is largely composed of strong
and leading Democrats, it is a thing of
party influence and a party power that is
respected. The coming conference will
serve pretty well as an indication of Demo
cratic sentiment throughout the State on
various things. The conference will be
devoted partly to electing officers and
mainly to the good of the party. Demo
cratic sentiment as gathered there will be
crystallized in a lot of resolutions, which
will probably include in their subjects
the funding bill, the Monroe doctrine,
silver, the administration's indorsement,
Governor Budd's indorsement, the pop
ular election of Senators and various
otiier things about which it will be proper
for representative Democrats from all over
the State to dtclare themselves. The reso
lutions adopted will likely be a foundation
for the State platform, as they have been
on forme: ana similar occasions.
It is likely, too, that the pulling and
hauling for the place for the assembly of
the Democratic State Convention will be
gin at the meeting. The Stockton Demo
crats have already begun putting in their
bids and a number of Stocktonians will do
something in this line for the "Cliicago of
the West" next Saturday. Sacramento
and Santa Cruz areabo spu'ien of as prob
able aspirants for the convention and
these three towns are the only ones
spoken about so far.
Raleigh Barker of Vacaville is the grand
sachem of the State organization and Law
rence .1. Welch of t:iis City is the secretary.
No noticeable campaign for officers has
been opened.
There are about thirty Iroquois clubs
located in leading towns and cities of the
State, north and south, as a result of the
organizing efforts of Max Popper in recent
years. Each club is entitled to repre
sentation at the conference on the basis
of one delegate to each twenty members.
A hundred or so delegates are "expected to
assemble.
The delegates will be guests of the local
Iroquois L'lub at a royai banquet which
will be enjoyed in the evening at Del
nionico's restaurant. Set toasts will be
responded to by John P. Irish, 0. M. Wel
burn, J. C. Ruddick, Kaleigh Barker and
James V. Coleruan, and others will en
deavor to say entertaining thinps. The
board of trustees of the local club have
charge of all arrangements.
1 1 . 1 1 1 •1 1 > : 1■ ! Matches.
At F. Ryan's San Francisco ball court yester
day a very interesting game of iiandball was
played between the following four well-known
players: I'. Donnelly, the amateur champion,
ana T. K. Bonnett against J. C. Nealon and M.
J. Killgallon. the Denver champion. They
played the best 3 out of 5 21 aces. Each side
won two games, and the final game was won
by J. C. Nealon and M. J. Kiligalion after a
hnrd strucule by the following score: Nealon
and KillKalion, 7—21—21—17—21; Donnelly
and Bonnett, 21—1(1—10—21—10.
The turqoise is the stone which ex
presses great Bareness and prosperity in
love and in all the circumstances of life.
- • NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
| Some Bargains |
1 Just to Hand. 1
. During the past few days we have received a very 13!
fcr large quantity of new goods by both express and
fc: freight. Besides an elegant assortment of NEW _S
ig= SPRING DRESS GOODS, WASH GOODS, Etc., 3
there were among the lot several plums bought E^
i way under price and will be sold way under price. =^*
! Jt- ■ — «■
! g~~ ■ • ■ ■ — «a
■ y~ ~ , . — «a
I Here's Some of Them. |
| Double-Faccd Satin Ribbons, 19 Cents a Yard. I
S— They are 3 inches wide and a quality usually sold at 50c a yard. _2
; The colors are Pink, Rose, Light Blue, Cerise, Cardinal, Majrenta, r^
g^- Terra Cotta. Med. Blup, Golden Brown, Bronze and Chocalate. — «•
~ — As there are only about 100 pieces in the lot, we will limit pur- — «
j chases to not over 5 yards of any one piece. _S
i Satin and Gros-Grain Ribbons, 10 Cents a Yard, i
%£z Almost 3)4 inches wide, and worth 35c a yard; such colors as _g
g" Cardinal, Blue, Terra. Cotta, Lilac, Bronze, Lavender, Myrtle, _•
— — Crush&d Strawberry and Tan among them. For Trimmings, — «
' m^ m Neck Collars and Fancy work of all kinds they are just the thing. 12
| All- Wool Serge Skirts, $4 Each. • 1
j 2^l . Only about 2 dozen of them, so the first twenty-four early cus- 13
; tomers will be the lucky ones. They are made of an excellent ZZ%
: *£- quality of Black Storm Serge, cut very full in the new flaring
— ~ shape, lined all through and finished with a velveteen binding; --«
: »— $7.50 apiece would not buy these SKirts under ordinary circum- _S
! stances. - *^
% Sew Duck Suitings at 81 Cents a Yard. %
'■ SI 100 pieces of new light-ground Duck Suitings, printed in most del- US
j g"~ icate figures and striped designs. The same quality that usually i^
, sells at 12J^c a yard,' but infinitely prettier than any yet shown. — g
i . —^a
I; New Percales at 12i Cents a Yard. |
g— All the new colorings, such a-s Mignonette Green Stripes, Golden — «g
m^ Rod Yellow with Black Stripes and Figures, as well as the ever I^
p ST^ favorite Pinks and Blues. It. makes one think 'tis midsummer to ZZm
; g*" . look at them. The quality is the same as they ask 15c for down- ~~^g
town. . . —^
% i\ew Lawn Embroideries at 12] Cents a Yard. |
gf The most elaborate Guipure and Irish Point . work upon a sheer zz%
«^- lawn of 4to 5 inches in width. You would readily pay 25c a yard -*■
; S£— for them and consider you had your money's worth. * — «o
| GREAT SALE OF SUITS A.\D JACKETS SOW OX. |
% ■ ■ .. ~ - i
£&M? r jriyn TDRS CX> rS ft \4 k (V & s** %£W
PAPER
HANGINGS
I AND 1
INTERIOR
DECORATING.
WE ARE NOW PREPARED TO
show the largest and most
elegant stock of
WALL PAPER
everoflered in the city, comprising
the " Choice Things" of the leading
manufactories.
With our large force of skilled
■workmen we are prepared to execute
any orders for ;. ' » - -_\
pECORATINCIj^ND
In the Latest Style and at the
LOWEST PRICES
G. W. CLARK & CO.
653 Market Street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
SMFHA\CISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O. 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12-3J
3:80, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— K.xtra tria
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BDNDAYS-8:00, 9:3C, 11:00 a.m.: i:SO, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. U.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a. if
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1:65 P. M. and 6:35 r. i£.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. it; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San i'ranclsco and Schuetzen Parlc sam»
schedule as above.
v Leave Tnoffw Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. 28." San FranciBC
Wkkk I Sun- I . e8 Itfn1 t f n ) _ s tion Sitn- I Wkkk'
Dayb. 1 da YB.~ destination. 3AYg | DaY3-
-7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 am
3:30 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
5:10 pm 5:00 PM | Santa Rosa.] 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Henldsburg,
Geyserville, ■ ■
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
' ', Pieta,
' Hoplaud &
7:40 am 8:00 AM I Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
7:40 am|~ i 10:30 am
8:00 AMjGuernevUle. 7:30 pm
8:30 pm| I • : 6:15 pm
7:4oam 8:00 am; Sonoma 10:40am 8:90 AM
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and ; 6:05 pm 6:15 fm
j I Olen Ellen. |
7:40 am 8.00 AMI phMtono i 10:40 am|lo:3o am
3:30pm 1 5 pm 1 °eoaatopol. | 6:0:» pm 6:15 pm
Stßges connect at San Kafael for Bolinas.
, Stages connect at Cloverdalfi for the Geysers. •
Stages connect at Pleta for Highland Springs,
K»lseyville. Lalceport.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Blae
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Brass, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, WUletts, Calpella, Pomo, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, ; Scotia
and Eureica. . " -
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
- H. O.WHITIXG, R. X.RYAN,
; '-...- Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 9-15, 11:00
A.M.; 1:45, 3:45, 6:15. 6:30r. M.
San Quentin— 9:15 A. M. ; 1:45, 5:15 p. M. '
E.tuy. trips for San Katnel on Hondeys, Weuues-
' days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and Ran Quentin—
8:00,10:00,11:30 a.m.; 1:30,3:00.4:30, *615
T.U. *Does not run to San Quentin.
.-; THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a.m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 P. m. Saturdays— and way stations.
11:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Roves ana wayit»tlon«
' ■ ■ ■ '■ .
RAILROAD TRAVEI^
SOUTSXERX I'il'lljr COHPAHTT.
': :^ ■;:-' Iricmo BVHTEM.I (^
Ti'mlH* leuv* stmi are <luo to nrrlve kS
SA.N' IUA.\(IMO.
ICAVK — From Novemeep. SO, 1805. — arp.iv
C:3oa llayward3, Nile3 and*\Vay Stations. . 1O: I Oa
7:OOa Atlantic Bxpren, OpTeii anil i q«t.. »:Isp
7:0Oa Ber.icia, Vacaville. lltur.Ecy. Sacra-
mento, and V.' ui^iis via ]3a'U.... 7:15p
7:3Ra Haztisez, San Ilimon, Xapa, C'alis-
tog^audSanta Ko.-a 6:1 5*
8:30a Kill's, Bui Jose, Stockton, loae.
Sacramento, Marysviilo, Keil liluff
ami Sundays cxccptcU Oro»iUe -1:13p
•S:SoAPctcr3 and Milton # 7:15p
U:OOa San Leacdro, llayTrcrd j& Waj Bt'na 11:43a
0:«Oa Los Angclsa Impress, Raymond,
(for \osciaitc), Saata liarbara .
ar.J Loi Aimsles 4:4.%p
9:00 Martinez and Stockton ] IQ.--I •' a.
1 0:0Ca San LcaDdro, Iljywirils ami Kilss . . l:-13p
1S:00m San Leandro. Haynards * Way St'ns Ss4B»
l:OOrNilcs, San Jcse acd Livcinjore S:4sa
•l:OOp S.icr^rncuto ltivrr Steaiiicni *»:OOr
tl :30p Pott Costa and Way Stations |7:45y
3:00p ,San Le?.ntiro, HaywacdaA Way Ht'us S:4Sp
4:OOi> San Leandro, Haywards k Wayßt'ns 6:45p
4:OOp Martinez, Sau Itaraon. Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, i'A Verano and
Santa I'.osa Cil3a
#•••* Benlcia. Eaparto, Woodland.
v Kni^iits Landing, Marysville, .
Oiornie and Sacramento 10i4S*
4tBSp Uile3, San Jose, Livormoro and
Stockton 7:lSp
B:00p San Leandrc, Uayward3 & Way St'ns 8:45p
S:!iOi* New Orleans Kxpress,l''resiio,liakera-
lii.-Ul, .Saiit!* il.irbara.l.oa Augcles,
Deming, El Paso, ICowOrleaii3and
East '19:43a
3i3op Sant.i Fo Route, Atlantic Kxpress
for M<>javn anil L'ast ]0:43a
0:00 [» Kuropcau Mail, Ogilen and ICatt.... O:!.Ta
O:Otip Ilayivards, Hilt sand SauJosc 7:43a
| }7:0»p Vallejo ■»7:45p
7:00p Oregon Uzpreas,Baaamento; Marys.
. '■'-:'.'.■ : villo, lieiUling, Poitlaml, Piiget
Sound Kast 10:4 3 a
7:00p Sau I^eandro, Haywardafc Way Sfn3 1 O:.">op
9:OOp San Lcandrn, Hay wards* Way St'ns ttl-.OGA
«51O:»3p "Sunset Lilted," Fresno, Loa
Angeles, El Paso, New Orle«u3
and! t f fsl «5p
tfllilßl Bin .Haywanls& Way St'ns 7:lSa
SASTA CIUIZ DIVISION iN.ir,,,,- 6««g»).
S>l3a Newark, CenteiTille,Saii.losu, Keltoi!,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Statioua 8.5*4
•8:13p Newark, Centcrville, San Jose. New ■
\ Alinaaen, Fclton, iiottldar Cr?ek,
Santa Cruz anil Princiral Way
Stations.. *ll:2«4
4:13p Rawark Ban Joso andl.os Uatoa 9:30a
f11:45p Hunterß' Kicoraion. Kan Jose nn<l
j '.Vay Stations t7:2»y
COAST IUVISION (Tlilr.l X Townsfiiil Sts.)
0:45a San Josa ami Way Kts.Uoi;n {tiew • *
Almaden Wednesdays 011:7) l:4Bp
■il.iA.San .lose, Tres I'inoa, K;mt:i Cruz,
Pacilio (iroTe, I'aso Roblcr, Sau
Luis Oliispo. Guadalupe and Priu- ;
cipal Way .Stations 7:03p
1O:4Oa San .lose nn.l Waj Stations 5:«Op
11:4.1a Palu'Alto and Wny Stations 3:30]
•2:30i« San Joso, (Jilroy, Tres Piuos, -Saiita
Cruz, Monterey and PaciHc
Groro <IO:1Oa
•3:SOp San Jiisoatiiirriiicipal Wny .Stations 0:47a
•4:80p San.lo2o»ihl Way Stations..-.. »B:OOa
3:3oi' fio.it .Toso and AVay Stations *B:4Sa
G:::Oi- San Jose nml Way Stations ..... G::i.V\
■411:45p San Jf«tini»l W:iy Stationw...." n:4.%>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. "
rrom SAU FRIKCISCO— Foot of Karittt Clrett (Slip 8)—
*7:1« 9:00 11:00a.m. U:co »2:03 t3:
•4:00 • t5:30 »C:OOp.m. •
From OAILABO— Foot ofßroidwar - 'POO s-00
10:OOa.jj. J12:00 *l:00 {2:CO *2 ; C0 tt : 00
*3:OCr.M. . . .v .. .
' — _______
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
; • Sundays excepte.i. . t Saturdays only.
it «r , _ t Sundays only.
n Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
<|Taas<lays and Saturdays tSuadavg »nd Xhursd»»»
Atlantic '^^^>
Pacific
RAILROAD '^S^-^^^^SP
Trains leave from =.n;i arrive
at ilarket-Street i'erry. ttt^"p'*O\Witl
SANTA FE EXPRESS.
To Chicngo via A. & P- Direct Line
l>avea everv dav at 3:30 p.m.. carrylnj; rajnui
I Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleeper3 to Chicago
i via Kansas City without change. Annex cars fcr
Denver and St. Louis. *— -~,
CMICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
' under Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at fl a. m. and 3:SO p. M. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties"; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good mealp in Harvey's dining-room or dlni»a«
ours*
t Ticket Offloe-04 4 Market Street,
. .■■.yi i -;- ■;.;. .,;■: ._, . .-, • Chrcciclo Bui:ui^2t
56
CHARLES Al. SHORTRIDGE, ;
' Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
r«!ly and Sunday oneweek, by carrier.. $0.15
Taily and Sunday Call, one year. by mail.... 6.00
I'nily nnd Sunday Cam.. six months, by mall- 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cai three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Calt., one month, by mail.. .65
Hwnflaj Cji i . iiiii'i year, by mail ••• 1-60
Wkekly I'ai.l , one yi'iir. by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
10 Market Street,
San Fraucisoo, California.
Tflepbone Maln-1858
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street,
ftlerborje Main— lß74
BRANCM OFFICES:
580 Montgomery btreet, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock. . "
839 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
713 l.nrk'.:i street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth aud Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission 6treet ; open until 9 o'cloc'i.
116 is luiii street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Kow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 20, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Our carnival ball was not big, but it was
Roasted pelican is not good diet, but
is better than cr,>\\ .
It begins to look a>- if the monopoly cen
tipede would soon be without a siugle leg
to stand on.
Once more the French republic is said to
be in danger of failing, and ouce more it
doesn't even totter.
It is now said it was not the cathode ray
but what scientists call the X ray that
made the ten strike.
The next thing we know Huntington
won't remember that he owes the Govern
ment anything at all.
What Huntington doesn't know about
railroading fills all the bjoks of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Senator Morgan's cross-examination is
getting, in its work (. n Huntingtou with
all the effect of a cathode ray.
The Junta may be right in thinking
P.ainey is 'away oft," but he has a long
reach and may capture them yet.
It is worth Doting that every State in
the Union that has a large gold mining in
dustry is in favor ot free silver coinage.
Whenever the Huntington burr is
opened up we rind the two old chestnuts,
"1 doni know"' and "I don't remember."
It will be a long time yet before the
fistic carnival pets its quietus, for Jim
Corbett has begun to take a tongue in it.
The Senate made a good record for itself
in passing tne pension bill in eight min
utes, but it doesn't promise to keep up the
lick. '
In her rapid acquirement of all the
features of civilization Japan has just de
v eloped a railroad combination and a
Cabinet crisis.
The report from Berlin that the Kaiser
is worse in society than he is in politics
may be put down among the tales that
fatigue creduiity.
The boulevard movement is good, but it
mustn't get too far ahead of the move
ment for the improvement of streets where
business travels.
About the time Huntington gets off the
stand the bond deal investigating commit
tee will put Carlisle on it and then there
will be more fun.
"With the cold shoulder on one side and
bastea ribs on the other monopoly doesn't
know yet whether it lias struck a cold
snap or a hot time.
The goldbug papers may be right in
calling Tillman the "Senate stable-boy,"
but all the same he does his work well in
currying down the donkeys.
It was perhaps well enough for both
houses of Congress to turn their lire on
Secretary Morton, but why hunt a rabbit
when there is a bear in sight?
Although Senator Morgan has been
forced to play a lone hand in the Pacific
Roads Committee, he holds the winning
cards and can euchre the crowd.
It would be a good idea to give the
Balfe-Moore concert a series of encores to
raise money to erect a memorial to Balfe
and Moore as an ornament to the park.
Senator Hill objects to the investigation
of the Cleveland bond deal and it seems
these New York fellows have found out
that it is time for them to stand together.
The carnival in New Orleans may be
larger than any single one of ours, but we
will have enough to surround it with such
a ring of rose festivals as would lose it in
the whirl.
Huntington persists in asserting that
the Ciiff House is a saloon and a gambling
den, but fortunately the fame of that
beautiful resort is too well known for the
lie to obscure, it.
Now that the Cleveland Chamber of
Commerce has rejected Carnegie because
"he is an oppressor of the poor," they
should not allow their philanthropy to
stop there. The poor are still with them.
In the great international game for the
Korean stakes Russia holds the King, but
it remains to be seen whether he belongs
to the trump suit. There is a chance yet
for Japan to turn up a card of another
color.
In publishing interviews of prominent
Californians favorable to the funding bill,
Huntington not only counts his chickens
before they are hatched, but what is more
no sooner are they hatched than they rise
up and deny the allegation.
Ex-Senator Ingalls has appealed to the
Republicans of every county in Kansas to
give instructions on the senatorship to
their representatives in the Legislature,
and if his scheme works he won't be a
statesman out of a job much longer.
The report of the State Liquor Commis
sioner of South Carolina states that from
February 1 to December 31, 1805, the total
sales amounted to $1,076,963, from which
counties and towns derived a net profit of
$106,131 and the State $133,467. It will be
seen therefore that whatever the system
may be-, in other respects it has proven a
fairly profitable one as a matter of busi
ness. f '. " ' "
THE TACTICS OF POOLS.
In the whole course of the contest against
the funding bill no feature of the contro
versy has been more surprising than the
part played by the literary bureau of the
railroad, if in other departments of the
monopoly camp there have been cunning
and skill, in the literary work there has
been nothing but awkwardness and blun
ders. The men appointed to obtain inter
views with prominent Californians favor
able to the funding scheme have gone
about their work with the recklessness of
a journalistic faker who believes that any
thing will do for the day so long as it tills
space and is published a long way from
home.
Column after column of the "Washington
Pott has been ii! Jed with what purports to
be interviews with men of more or less
prominence in California, and these inter
views invariably are made to represent
some form of sentiment favorable to the
funding scheme. A wide variety of ex
pression is given to the different state
ments, but all are so fashioned as to tend
to the same end. In some the funding
scheme is directly commended. Others
oppose the policy of Government opera
tion of the roads, and the false inference
is put forth that such men support the
funding scheme. Still others are made to
denounce the great majority of their fel
low-citizens as "sand-lotters" and "wild
eyed anarchists" because as is alleged they
are opposed to doing justice to capital.
In the concoction of these reported inter
views there is a seen;ing cunning, but the
blundering awkwardness of them is dis
played by the vigor with which they are
denied by the men who are reported to
have given them. Man after man has
arisen to repudiate in language more or
less emphatic the statements attributed to
him. Some of them assert they were
never interviewed at all. Others found
their words garbled or distorted, and in
not a few instances the reported interviews
contained statements the direct opposite
of what the persons interviewed had said.
We have here therefore coming forth
from the literary bureau of the monopoly
a daily iteration of statements conta ining
every form of misrepresentation, from a
sly innuendo to a downright falsehood.
Such methods of conducting a controversy
are so dangerous to the employer of them
it is difficult to understand how men of
even ordinary sagacity, much less honor,
could be tempted to use them under any
circumstances. Their employment by the
railroad therefore is one of the encouraging
signs of victory for the people. The monop
oly must be in a corner, indeed, when it
resorts to such weapons, or perhaps It is
only another illustration of the old truth.
'• Whom the gods would destroy they lirst
make mad.' :
THE TSTJTH ESCAPING.
Mr. Huntington is having an experience
entirelv new to him — he is being cross-ex
amined by men in Congress who have
neitner fear of his power nor respect for
his money and character. Under the ex
asperating pertinacity and contempt of
Senator Morgan he is driven occasionally
into outbursts of anger that alternate with
his abortive attempts at facetiousness, and
under the torture of a cold and merciless
band of iron that holds him to the issue he
is giving forth some truths that all his
powers of evasion are not able to withhold.
He has divulged the fact, for instance,
that it wa3 he »vho suggested the destruc
tion of the Contract and Finance Com
pany's books. His assigned reason was
that the concerns of the company had
been closed and that the books were no
longer of any use. Yet he admits that the
books of the Western Development Com
pany were not destroyed, so far as he
knows. The significance of this is appar
ent when it is reflected that the crooked
work which it would be useful at this
juncture to discover was done by the Con
tract and Finance Company. Moreover,
it is not the custom among business men
to destroy the books of enterprises that
have expired unless there is something in
the recoids that would be dangerous to
have discovered. It is commonly believed
in California tnat the books of the Contract
and Finance Company were not destroyed
until Mrs. Colton filed her famous suit for
an accounting, and that the destruction
was intended solely to prevent their con
tents from being made public.
Mr. Huntington has been compelled to
disgorge other useful information. He
testified that the Southern Pacific Com
pany paid the Central Pacific $1,360,000 a
year as rental until the earnings of the
Central fell below that fignre, and then
made a new contract to pay only what the
Central Pacific earned. A close inquiry
would possibly develop the fact that the
new contract was made after the passage
of the Thurman act requiring the crea
tion of a sinking fund. It might not be
difficult to show, further, that about this
time and for the further purpose of im
poverishing the sinking fund the sys
tematic plan of diverting traffic from the
Central to the Southern line was begun.
On top of all that is the consideration
that tne question of foreclosure was gradu
ally approaching, and that a destruction
of the value of the Central Pacific would
make foreclosure and a full recovery of the
Government debt a more difficult process
than if the Central Pacific had been kept
up to its full earning capacity. Mr. Hunt
ington indeed is unwittingly and unwill
ingly giving some very useful information.
IMPROVING THE RIVERS.
While the committee appointed to advo
cate before Coneress various appropria
tions for the improvement of the rivers
and harbors of California is presenting its
case to the Senate and House committees
having in charge the bills governing such
appropriations it is well to turn to an
eminently practical contribution which
has been made to the Woodland Democrat
by J. R. Price, Chief Engineer of the Cali
fornia Commission of Public Works. For
the basis of his argument Mr. Price takes
the majority report of the Mississippi
River Commission, dated February I*7,
ISBO, which report went to the value of
levees and other means for restraining the
flow of inland streams as a safeguard
against inundation of contiguous territory
and the occurrence of shallows and bars to
obstruct navigation.
Mr. Price's argument is reducible to a
simple formula: The restriction of streams
to definite channels may be accomplished
by the construction of devices required by
the circumstances, as levees, wing dams,
jetties and the like; such restriction not
only prevents the overflow of contiguous
low regions but by confining the now re
duces the flood level by bottom-scouring,
prevents the deposition of suspended
solid matter and increases the facilities for
navigation. All these principles are fa
miliar to intelligent persons and need not
be stated, either in Mr. Price's terms or
those of James B. Eads, that brilliant
genius who not only was a member of the
Mississippi River Commission, but who
was the author of the jetties which in
creased the depth of the Mississippi chan
nel from nine feet to thirty-one, and thus
made New Orleans a port of the Gulf of
Mexico.
Mr. Price makes a suggestion of great
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
value. It is that the whole subject of
river improvement in California should be
in the hands of the Federal Government,
and that under its direction there should
be conducted a series of improvements, the
expense of which should be borne in rea
sonable proportion among the Federal
Government, the State government and
the owners of the riparian property
affected;
As the present inadequate carrying
cauacity of our rivera has been ascribed
wholly to the filling process of hydraulic
mining, it may be proper to call attention
to other current and increasing factors
contributing to that end.
Wherever the soil of watersheds is ex
posed or stirred there is bound to ensue a
flow of silt down the draining streams.
The only rivers which are never roiled are
those which issue with an oasy flow from
dense forest regions. Such is the case with
the wonderfully hmpid and sluggish rivers
of Florida. When there comes about a
barbarous burning of the undergrowth "to
preserve the forests," or a clearing and
cultivation of the ground for agricultural
use, or hydraulic mining, or anything else
that gives the erosive power of rains an
opportunity to work, there will be a wash
ing down of the soil into the rivers and a
consequent falling up of the beds of slug
eish streams, with all the ensuing evils.
Hence the spread of agriculture presents
ultimately as grave a menace to our rivers
as does the mining industry which our
agriculturists are fighting sostrenuously.
These are matters to be ponderea in all
fairness and wisdom, and the more they
are considered the wiser will appear Mr.
Price's suggestion that the Federal Gov
ernment should be the center of all move
ments to improve our rivers.
MOORE AND BALPE.
The popular interest shown in the en
tertainment of the Balfe-Moore club was
sufficient to afford reason for the members
to venture upon further efforts and to in
spire them with an ambition for greater
undertakings. It would be well, there
fore, for the club in the flush of this suc
cess to consider whether it could provide
for doing honor to Irish genius and adorn
ing the City at the same time by erecting
a memorial to Moore and Baife In the
Park.
As in the making of San Francisco there
have been employed the energies of all the
best races of earth, so it is fitting that her
great ornamental garden and public pleas
ure ground should be marked with memo
rials of those great men who have been at
once the glory of their own race and an in
spiration and a joy to the whole civilized
world. The souls of genius and of worth
to whom has been given the power to cre
ate and make known to men immortal
ideals of beauty and truth deserve com
mendation everywhere, and particularly
so in San Francisco, where men of all na
tions have been united by destiny in the
common task of building up a city that
ought to reflect the iinest genius of all.
Tom Moore and Michael Balfe have
made the poetry and the music of Ireland
a precious heritage unto all who delight
in those things which are both noble and
beautiful. In the Irish melodies of Moore
there is music in every line, and in the
strains of Balfe's "Bohemian Girl" there
is poetry in every chord. Thousands of
hearts in this City respond to their music
and their poetry as ardently as they are
responded to in Ireland itseif. All these
would willingly unite with the club in
erecting in the park a memorial to serve
as a companion to that erected to Goethe
and Schiller. The undertaking certainly
deserves the best efforts the club can
make, and there can be little doubt that
if made, success will be achieved aiid we
shall have the memorial.
PICTITIOUS MEKIT.
That sort of journalistic "enterprise"
which seeks to better its financial condi
tion by resort to lotteries, coupons and
similar devices is evidently distasteful to
the Argonaut, which, in its last issue, pub
lishes the following:
"The San Jose Mercury copies a recent
editorial in the Argonaut entitled 'Peter
Funk Journalism. 1 and says: 'The Argo
naut speaks with truth and force, but had
it desired to be perfectly fair and candid,
it would not have traveled nearly two
thousand miles from home to select an ex
ample of honest, straightforward journal-
ism, when so conspicuous an example
flourishes beneath its very nose as The
Call.'
"The Argonaut has already frequently
commented approvingly on the course of
The Call in this regard, as that journal
will doubtless admit. We repeat it, how
ever—it is the only daily journal in San
Francisco which is apparently able to
stand alone, and does not depend on lot
tery fakes and premium snaps to keep it
going. The article to which the Mercury
refers was necessarily restricted to Chi-
cago, as it discussed the return of journals
to journalism, and Chicago is the only city
where that practice has as yet become gen
eral. In San Francisco, as we said, there
is but one daily journal which is not
edited on the Peter Funk plan and which
is not engaged in junk journalism."
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
Travel Serves to Remind.
Los Angeles Express.
People who conie home from the East at
this time of the year appreciate climate.
!'.i'.\ a Homo.
East Oregonian.
Ho who has no clear, inherent right 10 live
somewhere, said Horace Greeley, haa no right
to live at all.
Fun in Arizona.
Phoenix Republican.
There is gotng to be a lot of fun in Arizona
politics this year, but the .Democratic party
will be at the other end oi it.
Remarkable Coincidence of Language.
Gait Gazette.
There is a remarkable unanimity of senti
ment and coincidence of language in that por
tion of theState press that favors Huntington's
funding bill. The stuff reads like newspaper
syndicate work— as if all penned by the same
hand. Arguments can always be found to
bolster a bad canse.
Competition Sadly Needed.
Santa Clara Jonrnal.
Fresno has wisely decided to grant the Valley
Railroß.d the right of way through the city. It
was unfortunate that the hitcn occurred in the
first place, but owing to the recent law passed
for the purpose of covering just such cases
the delay was unavoidable. Now that the ri^ht
of way has been secured, the work will be
[ pushed with vigor.
Cleveland the Autocrat.
San Jose Mercury.
Cleveland has in several instances, either
directly or through the departments, deliber
ately set aside the law. He has assumed that
the legislative, executive and judicial powers
of the Government all center iq him. He has
been imperial in his dictation and conduct,
and 'that he has not been impeached is due
solely to his retainers in Congress whom he
has purchased with official patronage.
Progressing Backward.
retaluna Argus. J
In the past three year." we have increased
or.r indebtedness 202 millions of dollars and
at the same time aecreased the revenue. The
interest-bearing indebtedness has been in
creased for the sole purpose of retiring green
backs, preventing the circulation of silver and
to give the wealthy classes an opportunity to
escape taxation on $262,000,000 of capital by
, investing it in United States bonds.
DR. JORDAN TALKS ABOUT NANSEN
President Jordan of the Stanford University
talked with a Call reporter yesterdßy concern
ing the Arctic explorer, Dr. Nansen. Dr. Jor
dan said:
"Dr. Fridtjof Xansen is a man of tremendous
physical strength and endurance, voung, am
bitious aud withal a highly educated gentle
man, thoroughly trained in the methods of
scientific work.
"When I first knew Xansen, in 188G, he had
but lately taken his degree in science at the
University of Christianta and was then director
of the Natural History Museum of the city of
Bergen. He was a brilliant your.g fellow, with
the solidity ot mind common among Norwe
gians. He stood over six feet in height, well
proportioned, tremendously fcirong, delighting
DR. NANSEN AND HIS PARTY.
in physical exercise. He had on a summer
vacation to the far Xorth killed and mounted
fifteen Polar bears, which he sent to the differ^
ent museums of the world. He had published
several papers on the anatomy of the hagfish
and on the anatomy and morphology of cer
tain groups of worms.
"In 1887 it was my fortune to be able to offer
him a professorship in zoology in the Univer
sity of Indiana, which position he came very
near accepting. But he gave it up to accept
the offer of the Norwegian Government of
means to carry out his scheme of walking
across the glacial plateau ot Greenland. He
wrote me that his friends in C'hristiania all re
garded him as foolish to give u;> the certainties
of a professorship for a scheme such as he was
going into. But his admirable good sense and
his wise choice of men, combined with his un
tiring physical strength, made this dreary ex
pedition a success, adding considerable infor
mation, largely negative, to our knowledge of
the glacial plateaus of the far north.
"Since then he come to feel that the north
pole must be known, and he, if any one, has
the strength and the ability to rind it.
"Not long ago I had the pleasure of naming
for Nansen a new genus of Arctic fishes, the
species being Xansenia groenlandica."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
"One of the most delightful recollections I
have among all the events of a rather busy
career is that of a week spent in Honolulu some
four or five years ago," said Kalie Putnam at
the Columbia Theater last night. "We had
been to Australia for a season of twenty-six
weeks and were on our journey home. We
stopped at Honolulu, and at the solicitation of
the King, who was then alive, we gave a series
of performances under royal patronage. The
whole community received us with open arms,
and the kindnesses shown us were such as one
never can forget.
"But, aside from that, the beauty of the isl
ands, the strange, almost weird customs of the
natives, the ease and langour which seemed to
permeate and envelop all life made the week
seem like a quickly passing visit to another ex
istence. Puch profusion of flowers and plants,
such perfume-ladened atmosphere, such rare
and pleasing hospitality made one think he
had fallen heir to a quarter-section in an
earthly paradise.
"Major IMacfarlnne. who, I am told, is at
present in San Francisco, was unremitting in
his attentions and his purpose to make our
visit one to be forever remembered. Our per
formances secmod to delight everybody, and
though anxious to set foot again on our own
ground, we all felt a keen regret when the
time came to leave. It is the dream of my life
to go again to those islands of a thousand de
lights."
PERSONAL.
L. Kinney, a business man of Portland, is In
town.
Edward Siltner of Oregon arrived here yes
terday.
11. ('. Bedford, a stockbroker of New York,
is here.
J. J. Boyce, the attorney, of Santa Barbara, ts
in town.
Captain George Hark of Carson, Nev., is in
the City.
John W. Mitchell, the grocer, of Los Angeles,
is in the City.
H. G. Turner, an attorney of Modesto, arrived
here yesterday.
Duncan McNee left on the Corona for Los
Angeles yesterday.
Fred Pelham, agent of a Chicago lecture
bureau, is at the Palace.
S. Clark, who owns large mining Interests at
Forest Hill, is at the Lick.
C. D. Hazzard, a wealthy merchant of Min
neapolis, is at the Palace.
A.T.Evans and J. R. Marion, business men
of Mnzatlan, are in the City.
Hon. John MeMurray, the banker, of Reno, Is
a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
J. J. Pratt, the extensive truit packer of
Yuba City, is here on a business trip.
Joseph M. Locke, a capitalist of Cincinnati,
Ohio, is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
Austin Abbott, the well-known farmer of
Sonora, is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
.T. W. Casebury of Sacramento, who is en
gaged extensively in cattle-raising, is in town.
R. D. Boyce of Portland is a guest at the Cos
mopolitan, accompanied by his wife and .sister
in-law.
Frank M. Berry, a business and mining man
of Juneau, Alaska, is at the Russ, accompanied
by his wife.
Captain B. F. Day of the United States navy
and recently commander of tho Baltimore is
at the Palace.
Lieutenant E. A. Rogers of the United States
navy returned from Seattle yesterday after a
month's absence.
District Attorney J. Charles Jones of-Sacra
mento came down yesterday and heard Pader
ewski at the California.
Dr. Hawks, formerly surgeon of the cruiser
Baltimore, left for Diego yesterday to join
the cruiser PhiladelDhia.
W. H. Mills of the Southern Pacific system
left yesterday on a business trip to Los An
geles. He will be absent about a week.
Godfrey Holterhoff Jr. of Los Angeles, treas
urer, assistant secretary and tax commissioner
of the Southern California Raiiway, la in the
City.
E. M. Ross, United States Circuit Judge of the
Southern District of California, will leave for
his home at Los Angeles to-day after a month
here.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. Y., Feb. 19.— Mrs. Howard is
at the Holland; M. Moses, Broadway Central;
H. Huntlngton, Murray Hill; R. P. Vail, St.
Cloud ; E. C. Peiber, Astor. Mrs. W. R. Foster
and Mrs. A. Vanbergen were among the pas
sengers who sailed on the St. Louis for South
ampton. E. J. Priber and Miss Elsie Priber
were among the passengers who sailed on the
Normandia for Genoa, via Gibraltar, Algiers
and Naples.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
TREATMENT OF SAILORS.
A Plan Suggested for Improving the Lot of
American Seamen.
To the Editor of the Han Francisco Call— Sir:
One can scarcely take up a newspaper pub
lished in a maritime city that does not contain
an account of 111 usage by ships' officers of
sailors, and that chiefly on American mer
chant ships, and the question arises, Why is it
so? The writer having followed sea life for
many years of his early manhood, feels to
some extent able to answer the question,
trusting that the publication of this commu
nication in so widely circulated a journal as
The Call may be the means of causing a re
form in such matters and benefit those whose
lives are spent on the briny deep.
Tne main cause of ill treatment on board
American vessels is the system of shipping
crews through the means of boarding-house
keepers and their runners, whose words
are taken as to the capabilities of the
men they Introduce to ships' oflicers. A sailing
vessel carries a crew according to the amount
of her tonnage, and among the number re
quires so many able seamen in each watch, the
remainder of the crew being made up of what
is termed ordinary stame:i. When the ship
gets to sea, however, and the officers find half
the men to be land-lubber?', it is no wonder
that trouble occurs, and especially so as that
class of men are, sis a rule, insubordinate and
what is termed "cheeky."
Every ship master aiid officer in these days
of fast passages on clipper ships is anxious to
make good voyages, and nothing is more ag
gravating than for a mate to find when too
late to remedy the difficulty that one-half of
his watcn do not know a bowline from a
wagon wheel or the main brace from a mule's
halter. Hence the knock-down and stringiug
up-to-the-slirouds business.
In the British mercantile service seldom
does anything of this kind take place, and the
reason is obvious, for the following arrange
ment: When a crew signs articles with a
British ship for a foreign voyage each man
who siups as an able seaman procures a'cer
tiricate from the Board of Trade of his compe
tence, which he deposits with the ship's
officers, and if found incompetent may be
landed at any port and can claim no wages;
and those who ship as ordinary seamen have
to do likewise; and seldom is punishment or
hard usage reported in consequence of such
arraugement, for an officer knows he can de
pend ou the men that comprise his watch in
any emergency.
Chief and second mates have to undergo ex
aminations before the Board of Trade as to
their etlk-iency in navigation and seamanship,
and cannot ship on a foreign-bound vessel
without producing a certificate of competency.
It would be well if the same rule were ear
ned out at every American seaport, and if a
law were enacted to severely punish every ras
cally person found guilty of loistiug dock
loafers and other vagabonds on shifts oflicers
as able seamen a seaman's life would be much
improved. Old-Timer.
Seattle, Wash., Feb. 14, 1896.
THE POINT OF VIEW.
This worid is hs we make it,
I often hear them say.
li wcare sad and tearful,
The world will seem that way;
And if we seek the dark side.
Where everything Roes wrong.
And see molehills as mountains,
Our lives will seem 100 long.
But if we geek life's sunshine,
Sweet joy to other's give.
And sayly climb life's mountains,
As though we're elad to live;
To overcame disaster,
And round us sunshine shower-
To make our dear friends happy-
Then joy will be our dower.
The world is but a mirror.
UefiectiuK each one's mind.
If we look at it crossly
To us 'twill not look'kind;
But if we siii. le upon it,
It will b«? joyous, too —
No matter bow we see it,
'Twill give us our own view.
• So, when the world seems dreary,
And life seems bitter, too,
Jusr ask your disposition
If It can oetter
And, if it turns to sunshine, .
. The world will look so bright
Thut you will be forgetting
How (lurk has been the nl^ht.
Martha «. Uppincott, in Philadelphia Ledger.
LADY'S WAIST WITH BOX-PLEATED
BLOUSE FRONT.
Here is a charming model for exira waists
of silk, batiste or other cotton, as well as lor
entire costumes of silk, wool or cotton.
The pattern has a fitted lining, the material
being seamless both back and front. The box
pleat is cut separate and sewn on, which is less
troublesome for the maker than to have it cut
in one piece with the front.
a handsome crepon gown of old green was
made with a waist after this pattern, and a
perfectly plain tkirt. The trimming consisted
of embroidered bands of creamy batiste laid
over black satin ribbons. Wide black satin
ribbon made the stock collar with a bow at the
back. A bow like that shown iu the illustra
tion was set on either side of the box-pleat at
the waist.
A serge dress of black had the shoulder
straps of bright rose-colore/l ribbon, overlaid
with white embroidery. The box-pleats were
of white lawn, with a rutlle of narrow Valen
ciennes lace on the edge of each fold. The
sleeves on this gown reached to the waist ex
actly like the pattern, which is longer than
shown in the illustration.
A printed organdy made after this model was
trimmed with brettelles of ribbon, with a bow
on the shoulder. Over the stock collar, which
was of the same violet ribbon, were tiny points
of white nainsook, edged with lace," six of
these points just meeting extended all around
the coliar, being sewed in at the top and over
lapping the collar, points downward.
MAY PROVOKE A SMILE.
Personal Experience.— He— Her treatment of
Jack has made him an anti-vivisectionist.
She— How is that? He— He knows what it is
to feel cut up.— Puck.
A Wise Child.— Dickie, what do you want for
your birthday present?
Oh, papa, get me a savings bank that mamma
can't get nickels out of with a hair-pin.—Chi
cago Record.
Photographer— Yes, sir; I can photograph
the money in your pocket-book just as you
stand.
Visitor— Well, you're a real genius then; I
went through it just now and couldn't find a
cent!— Chicago Record.
"Doctor, my father wanted me to study medi
cine, but I wouldn't have made a successful
physician."
"Indeed! Why not, pray?"
"Because I could not have felt a lady's pulse
without causing her heart trouble."— Fliegende
Blaetter.
You've seen them more than once or twice,
These vagaries of fate;
The thinner Johnny thinks the Ice,
Tilt more he wants to skate.
-Washington Star.
Fenderson— You say that man is a deaf mute,
and thai he has an impediment iu his speech.
Pray, how can that be Y
Foggs — Very easily. A few months ago he
lost two fingers by a buzz-saw.— Boston Trau-
Ecript.
Willie— l knew you were coming to-night.
Caatleton— Why, Willie?
Willie— Sister has been asleep all the after
noon.—New York Truth.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.-
Payne Ciarke has come very near losing his
life since his arrival in San Francisco. When
he opened here in "Aida" with the Tavary
company tho tenor was suffering from a slight
lameness caused by the friction of a new shoe.
He paid no attention to the scratch, however,
and continued to go about as usual, till blood
poisoning from the wound set in. Even then
the tenor refused to consider himself on the
sick-list, and it was not till he was very ill that
he gave up his work and sent for a doctor.
The physician, who found him delirious,
arrived just in time to avert an attack of
lockjaw, and for some days Payne Clarke
hovered between life and death. He is on the
highway to recovery now, and it is hoped will
soon be able to resume his work in those roles
where he especially shines. Great commisera
tion is felt for him among his many friends,
particularly as his illness occurred when he
was suffering considerable mental anguish on
account of adverse criticism for his Radames
In "Aida." It is said that Payne Clarke has
not denied that he deserved "roasting," but he
felt that he was entitled to a few shreds- of the
mantle of charity on that memorable occasion
when he sang the part of the Egyptian hero.
Mr. (jiiille, the real Kadames of tho company,
had been sent on ahead to rest for the opening
performance, but rumor says that Mr. Guille
found on taking up the Monday papers that he
had not teen given the prominence due to his
merits in the way of interviews, and, therefore,
declined to sing. Whatever his reason, he cer
tainly refused to appear, and Payne Clarke,
who had never sung Kadames without the
score and who had just arrived from a 'long
journey, was good-natured enough to save the
performance by appearing at a dtcide<l dis
advantage. There are few artists who would
have been so self-sacrificing.
Musical celebrities are beginning to shower
upon us. The latest announcement is that
Martin P. Marsiek is on his way here to give a
series of concerts. He is one of the leading
violinists in Paris, and is the great proiessorof
die violin at the Paris Conservatory. Marsick
is a native of Liege, Belgium, and at 12 years
of age was organist of Liege Cathedral and
soprano soloist of the great religious festivals.
Later he went to perfect his studies at the
MARSICK, THE BELGIAN VIOLINIST OF PARISIAN REPUTATION.
Brussels Conservatory under Leonard, but,
having more than his usual share of the artis
tic tendency to resent rivalry, he shook the
dust of the conservatory from his feet at the
age of 15 because he had been debarred on ac
count of his youth from receiving a prize.
Marsick went to Paris and graduated at the
conservatory, after which the seal of success
was set upon him by Vieuxtemps, who pub
licly unbraced the young violinist for playing
his fourth concerto. Marsick is well known at
the Colonne and Lamoureux concerts, and has
also toured with success through Holland,
Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Russia
and England. This is his first visit to Amer
ica, and partly owing to differences of opinion
with his manager he did not at first create the
enthusiasm in the East that was expected.
Lately, however, he has aroused considerably
more public interest. The critics have always
spoken in the highest terms of his scholarly
work, which is said to show to the best ad
vantage in chamber concerts.
Siegfried Wagner, the son of the Bayreutn
master, has just created a great sensation in
Vienna, where he was invited by Hans Eichter
to make his first appearance before the Vien
nese public by directing an orchestral concert
at the Imperial Opera. The young man con
ducted with great sentiment the idylle of
"Siegfried," the delightful excerpt which the
happy father dedicated to his son when he was
only an infant in arms. Afterward Siegfried
Wagner attacked Beethoven's symphony in P,
and is said to have shown real talent as a con
ductor. The Viennese were very anxious to
hear his own cantata, "Homesickness" (Sehn
sucht), which Siegfried Wagner haa written on
Schiller's celebrated verses and which has
been already performed in Munich, but he ex
cused himself from appearing as a composer
during his visit to Vienna. It is a quarter of a
century since Richard Wagner conducted in
the Austrian capital for the last time. Tnat
was in May, 1872, and lie gave his concert to
raise funds for the Bayreuth enterprise. More
than 50,000 francs were cleared. It is true
that Wagner offered the first fruits of the
"Xibelungen." and among other fragments
the famous fire incantation from the "Valky
rie," whose first execution has become legend
ary, for the elements mixed real lightning and
thunder with the music. The- resemblance of
Siegfried to his father has been greatly com
mented on in Vienna; his eves, however, are
said to reflect a vague souvenir of his grand
father, Fratiz LUzt. Siegfried has been so much
sneered at as "the son 01 his father" that it 13
quite retreshiug to find him receiving a little
consideration on his own account.
"Jennie Deans," theopera founded by Joseph
Bennett on Sir Walter Scott's novel, "The
Heart of Midlothian;" and composed by Ham
ish MacCunu, has just been given for the first
time in London. Scotland, of whom it was
contemptuously said not many years since
that she had not produced a single composer
of genius, seems now coming to the front in
this department of art, and among the most
talented writers must certainly be placed Mac-
Cunn. His overture, "Land of the Mountain
and the Flood," and svmphonic poem, "The
Ship o' the Fiend," have proved him a tone
poet of uo mean order, and if his first essay in
grand opera cannot be called a masterpiece it
at any rate is said to aftbrd evidence that with
due experience he may give something to the
world in the department of lyric drama which
the world will not willingly let die. Joseph
Bennett has taken just as much of the original
story as was convenient for bis libretto.
Cardinal Perraud, Bishop of Autun and a
member of tl'e French Academy, has just
written a book on music according to Plato.
Its title is "Eurythmie et Harmonie." The
author expounds the Platonic doctrine of the
assimilation of music ar.d morals, and devel
opes this thought by quotations from the Scrip
tures. "The wise man is a musician, and virtue
is harmony."
A dispatch from Odessa says: "The Russian
composer, Alexander Fedoroff, has just pro
duced a lyric drama, "The Fountain of Tears,"
which has been received with enormous en
thusiasm at Ekaterinsolaf. All the papers
speak in the highest terms of the music, the
libretto for which was based on a fable by
Pouschkine. A French translation of "The
Fountain of Tears" is already being made.
The Regio Theater at Turin has given the
first representation of Maestro Conti's new
opera, "Savitri." The reception accorded the
work was favorable, but not enthusiastic.
Nine calls were given the composer, but that
was very little for Italy.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Leo XIII and the Due d'Aumale have been
made honorary members of the St. Petersburg
Imperial Academy of Sciences.
President Cleveland still remains silent as to
his desire to experience the "ex" rays.
General Horace Porter at a recent eiub din
ner in New York said that the first half of. a
man's life was spent in getting his name into
the newspapers and the last half in a struggle
to keep it out.
A MISPLACED MONARCH.
"Kmperor William," said a well-informed
and discerning Frenchmau last summer to an
American traveler, '-is precisely the kind of
monarch that the great majority of the French
people would delight to have as their ruler."
Unquestionably, if Emperor William, instead
of being the head of the ilohenzoliern family,
had been the head of the Bourbon, the Orleans
or the Bonaparte family, and had in this way
come to the throne of France, as, with his fa
voring personal qualities, it is not unlikely he
would have come, in spite of the republic, he
would without doubt have been fcr the
French the idol of the people in a way
that he never can be with his Ger
man subjects. Their devotion is for "Unser
Fritz," or the old Emperor, the good but
somewhat commonplace, ruler and fighter,
who will stand at his palace window each
morning at a certain hour to see his troops go
by; who will lead what the French would call
a bourgeoise species of domestic life — that is,
quietly and after the rather tame middle-class
method — but a man who will never startle
them by doing anything thtft in unexpected,
nor make too frequent demands upon them for
displays of personal enthusiasm.
The French, on the other hand, have in the
past delighted in having over them a man who
kept himself constantly in evidence. General
Boulanger almost succeeded in securing a dic
tatorship by his pleasing personal bearing and
the art which he showed in attracting notice
at military reviews and on other public occa
sions.
The Frenchman who looks back over his
national history finds in such sovereigns as
Henry IV and iu Louis. XIV, particularly the
former, the type of man who has appealed
most powerfully to the popular mind. There
has been iu them that exaggerated egotism
that monarehs who win the adoration of peo
ple like the French must possess. They have
entire confidence in themselves and in their
judgment ana demand and expect to receive
th» unquestioning confidence and respect of
their people. This quality of supreme egotism
is one which the present Emperor William of
I Germany possesses in a markr-d degree, while
! he has that uncomfortable readiness to make
i rash, though btirring, remarks which, while
! they give to many of his German subjects an
| uneasy feeling of alarm and make some of
them question whether his mind is jentirely
sound, would, if he were the ruler of France,
arouse the delighted admiration of his people
from one end o? the country to the other.
It is probably fortunate for the world at
large that this logical union of a people and a
sovereign has not occurred; that, in place of
it, the man who would be a fitting ruler of the
French is their greatest hereditary enemy,
j wnile the people who would be the devoted
I and loyal subjects of such a ruler are now
; struggling with the attempt— to them by no
■ means easy one— of giving to principles that
; ascendency which, in the past they have given
to men. The French are undergoing a hard,
but necessary, disciplinary course, which in a
generation or two may make of them a
stronger and more self-reliant, if less impul
sive, Deople. On the other hand, if the some
times erratic Emperor of the Germans was the
ruler over such impassioned and devoted a
people as ihe French could be made to be, it is
questionable whether the peace of Europe
could long be maintained.— Boston Herald.
Pcee mired candies, 10c lb. Townsend's. •
Special information daily to manufacturer*
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
The Proffer.— Watts— Do you really believe
that every sin is followed by punishment?
Potts— Of course. For instance, when some
man steals a million or so dollars don't a lot of
people have to starve as a consequence?—ln
dianapolis Journal.
War is declared ajrainst disease by Hood's Sarsa
parilla, whicn purifies, vitalizes and enriches the
blood. I' are blood means pood health, and the way
to have pure blood is to take Hood's Sarsaparilla.
If your complaint is want of appetite try half a
wine glass of Dr. Siegert'a Angostura Bitters be
fore meals.
Ikbitation of the throat an'h HotMßm
are immediately relieved by " Brown's Bronchial
Troches." Have them always ready.
They were getting up some amateur theatri
cals, and the manager said to Gus de Smith,
who was to be one of the performers:
"Mr.de Smith, you are to have the role of
Don Alfonso."
"Do you think I'll please the^niblic In that
role?"
"I'm sure of it. You are killed off in the firgt
act."— Texas Sittings.
NEW TO-DAT.
'r . . There's nothingf. absoltiv
I tely nothing;, on earth a
p man will appreciate better
i xOfhe is a smoker) than a j
j| box of the new jfc Jt jtji Jk '
"<m ITT.IIWIIM Mil iifo*"^JE il Jm[T J .■ . il_
W cigfars for Xmas. Up-to- 1
|| date in shapes, sizes and i
fj colors mild in flavor, g
u .Every one banded. All B
* dealers sell thcmJ'J'^dtJt
Ill's Creaia Balnßp?£3l
Cleans the Na*»l Bs^^S^
PaKsages. Allays Pain f««St«^>A!4'*tofl
and luliaiiiiii.it sou, BLy""Eft TO 3» M.
Kestoves the Senses of SBo. tL/'*£'Aa
Taste aud Smell. I?P j^*»'Y^3
Heals the Sores. WSfif*^^jTblN
Apply Balm Into each nostril ■B&-£v3^?'^^^
SLYBUOS.&ewarreun.N.i HkIJ^^TSHi in K9DAY FEBRUARY 20. 18fl6
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatkr.— Grand Opera— "Faust."
California Thfater—" Hamlet."
<oir»ißiA Thkatkr— "The Old Limekiln." '
Worosco's Ofera-Hoi-sk— "Wife for Wife-"
Tivoli Opkra-Housk.— "Del Freischutz."
ORritRtTM.— High-Class Vaudeville.
Urovfr's Al.CA7AR.— ••Faust."
Orovk-Street Thkatkr— Between Polk and
Oan C ( ss ~" Two of a Kind." Ueneflt for Veteran
(«uard. O. a. R.
tv. M cnA . KlCB ' PAViLiox-Masquerade Ball, by
ine \ ereln-tintracht, Saturday evening, February
«n. ot . THK Chi'tvs— Dally at Halght street,
lie block east of the Park.
l/V PATRIOT Track.—
AUCTION SALES.
\ n PX ■ f:ast & Kldridok.- Tuesday, February
-5. Real tstate, at 68S Market street, at 12 o'clock
noon.
By W. p. >I< Corp- (Thursday), Horses,
at corner Twelfth and Harrison streets.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair and probably cooler weather is predicted
for to-day.
Mr. and Mr?. A. Chesley Stevens are about to
o]>e!i a newsboys' home.
Pietro Gori delivered a lecture last night,
1 over by a lady socialist.
spooial Ash Wednesday services n-ere held
yesterday la ihe Episcopalian churches.
a] Agent Moore is still taking: evidence
npainst the discharged interpreter Williams.
The Board of Health has ordered the Long
fellow School closed until its sanitary condi
tion is improved.
The States Free Labor Bureau will be re
moved ironi "215 San some 6 tree t to 325 Suttei
s:r<.'«-t on March 1.
Tunes seem to be improving among the
s, ami many of them are linding a market
Jor local productions.
Colonel Wheeler, Hermanita, Bassn, Argcnta,
Ed Kearney and Motmlasca were the winners
at Ingleside yesterday.
Sannyside property-owners are agitating for
the extension of Bannyside avenue through
Mayor SntnVs property.
- now announced that it is possible the
Durrani case will come before the Supreme
Court during Us April session.
The latxir unions will soon begin a crusade
against those who make use of child labor and
■gainst the sweatshops In general.
Professor Hudson oi Stanford University
lectured in the Academy of Sciences last night
on the "Social Aspects of Conduct."
Mrs. Emma Gregory has lioon summoned to
apjiear for examination as n> her financial con
dition at Justice Groezinger '.- court.
The burglar, who was shot iu the Franklin
ace last Friday morning, not having
Leen identified will be buried to-day.
Milk Inspector Dockery threw 195 gallons of
impure milk into tne bay last evening. It
came irom dairies outside the county.
J< lin Brophy and Mary Orr have been ordered
by Judge Sanderson to pay their mother, Mary
Brophy, $15 a month for her maintenance.
The police were Tillable yesterday to obtain
any clew to the three men who committed the
robbery in the Market-street bank ou Tuesday
morning.
Jake Rudolph has aeein opened hostilities
• ' Qrfi Buekley's nephew, William Har-
The feud threatens to develope into a
shooting scrape.
i.ane case opened before Judge Belcher
.rty. Five jurors were secured during
riling, and then an adjournment was
taken until to-day.
Carroll Cook has excepted to Judge Belcher's
remarks to the jury that tried Mrs. Shattuck.
lie >fi\> the discharge of the jurors prejudices
thi' case against Lane.
Street npairs and increased streetcar ac
commodations wore among the topi' ■
at last night's meeting of the Point
Loboa Improvement Club.
Thomas Brennan. a wife-beater, was severely
lectured by Judge Campbell yesterday, who re
el not order him to receive
thirty lashes on his bare back. '
Residents oi the Bay View district are pre
paring to protest against the location of a pest-
Louse fite tftere, and they charge .Mayor Sutro,
v ith being interestedly liberal.
A former associate of Collis P. Huntington
• at the railroad mau lies when he says
at he had a million dollars when he lirs:
:nto the railroad business.
Mrs. Cooper appeared before the ecclesias
ouncil yesterday charging Dr. Brown
Immoral conduct. She proposes to pro
■ :*nesses at the proper time.
The Balfe-Moore Club is considering the
project of a monument to the illustrious
Irishmen whose name it hears. The idea is to
have the statue in Golden Gate Park.
The "South Side ri::b,' % so called, composed
of owners of property south of the park, is pre
paring to celebrate the completion of the
Ocean boulevard in April by a banquet.
Richard Ferrer of this City, who has been
studying music in Encope, and who is now a
..f the famous violinist Ysaye, is here on
a snort visit to his relatives and friends.
The executive committee of the Miners' Asso
ciation passed resolutions last night to inves
tigate the standing of Grove L.' Johnson to
ward them iu regard to hydraulic mining.
William McDonald, a Bernal Heights
." was arrested last nightand identified
by Mrs. C. J. Marble as one of the two men
who robbed lier a week ago on the San Bruno
road.
_•<• >'.ack yesterday dismissed three old
involving the title to the property on the
southwest cornerof Mason and Jackson streets.
ag had been done in them for twenty
K. H. Beverly of the Elgin Dairy cays that
: let lever at his home has no connection
with the dairy, as he keeps away from the
milkcans and is merely the collector for the
dairy.
The Committee on Rules of the Board of Edu
cation took the preliminary step* in the in
vestigation of the charges made by Director
Hender>>qn against Principal James O'Conitor
last evening.
The reports of the experts employed by the
Board of Health to examine San Francisco's
water supply were read yesterday at the n>eet
ine of the board. The experts found the water
to be of excellent quality.
Edward Dolan, Kugene Sullivan and Thomas
< •uway, three boys who broke into the stores
at 523 and 403 Hayes street and stole a quan
tity of knives, razors arid pistols, were booked
at the City Prison last night fnr burglary.
Ron l'asodi has been given a verdict of
!».-><><h> a^ninst OttHvio ("unco for slander. The
latter made ■lighting remarks about her, and
■be sued for $T>o<>o damages. There was no de
fenae and she was awarded the full amount.
Max Arold, who lives at 40$ U Fell street
was whitening the house, 221 Laurel avenue'
yesterday afternoon, when he fell a distance
of about twenty feet, fracturing his left arm
and left leg. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
The Southern Pacific Company managed to
transport troops from New York to San Fran
cisco, via New Orleans, at cut rates, and the
Western lines that believe they should have re
reived a share of this business, In accordance
with the Western Passenger Association rules,
are talking of a rate war.
The Horseshoe Consolidated 'fining Com
pany has incorporated with a capital stock of
*10.000.000, all of which has been paid up.
The directors are: Nat I. Mes^en, Herman Za
dig, O. F. Griffin Jr., John W. Tniggs and K. L.
Parker. All but (iriffin subscribed $10,000,
and he put up $9,900,000.
Judge Seawell has sustained the demurrer
of the Board of Supervisors to the petition for
a writ of mandate filed by N. if. Spatding.
Spalding wanted the board to be compelled to
fix a grade for Liberty street, but Judge Sea
woll held that the law under which he was
I-lending could not help him.
THE WILLIAMS CASE.
Special Agent Moore Still Taking Ktl
dence Against the Accused.
The Williams investigation was con
tinued behind closed doors in the office of
Collector of Customs Wise yesterday. Sev
eral witnesses were examined, but no new
facts were developed. This evidence will
he submitted directly to the Secretary of
the Treasury at Washington.
There is a decided lull in the proceed
ings. The talk that Moore will have an
« asy matter in removing certain officials
hipn in authority is paid little attention to
itroundthe Custom-house. Anyway, Moore
is doing considerable hard, quiet work,
and seems determined to carry a few more
scalps at his belt.
The defense in the Cleary case is making
a iirm stand aeainst a Grand Jur3' investi
gation. The effort is to have the witnesses
examined before United States Commis
feioner Heacock.
IVAN KOVALEV
WHO IS TO HANG
He Faced Almost Certain
Death at Sea in His Si
berian Escape.
HIS LOCAL RECEPTION.
Arrested by the Immigration
Commissioner, but Quickly
Released.
A WARNING WAS NOT HEEDED.
Captain Lees Told the Ten Russian
Convicts That They Must Obey
American Laws.
Ivan Kovalev, the Russian convict who
is to be hanged at Foisom Prison to-mor
row for killing aged Mr. and Mrs. Weber,
is one of the ten convicts who escaped
from the Island of Saghalien in 1893. It is
probable that he and his associates were
murderers before they pot away from the
prison island. Two of them had been sen
tenced by the Russian Government for
outrages which merit life imprisonment
in this country, but the others claimed
when here to have been arrested only for
political conspiracy, and there was no
contrary evidence. They were all re
garded as dangerous criminals when they
Ivan Kovalev, the Russian Murderer
Who Is to He Hanged To- Morrow.
[Draicn from a photograph.]
were under arrest here, and upon releasing
the prisoners Captain Loes considered it
his duty to deliver, by the aid of an in
terpreter, a wartime lectilre on the advisa
bility of obeying the laws of this country.
How much that lecture was needed and
how little attention was paid to it are
shown by this record of three of the men:
One shot dead in San Jose while at
tempting to rob a store, another sentenced
to San Quentin for burglary in San Fran
cisco and Kovalev to be hanged to-morrow.
Kovalev was regarded by the local
officials as the least vicious and dangerous
of the lot.
The ten prisoners of the Czar were serv
ing indefinite sentences, according to
their testimony, when the}' found the op
portunity to escape from Saghalien. Their \
story, as told to Walter P. Stradley, the i
Commissioner of Immigration, was that a j
Hebrew peddier. rowed to the island in
August, 1893, and that, being willing to sell
anything that he possessed, he sold his
boat to them.
There is an idea, however, that the ped
dler was murdered by the convicts in or
der to obtain the boat and to prevent the
owner from giving information to the au
thorities. |
At any rate the boat was obtained, and
with but little food or water the convicts
started for Japan. They were picked up
by an American whaler ten days later and
were brought to this City. Commissioner
Stradley arrested them, out after an in
vestigation the authorities at "Washington
ordered that the prisoners be released.
The affidavit of Kovalev, signed on No
vember 13, 18f>3. is as follows:
lam 25 years of age. 1 was born in Russia,
In the city of Haroov. I am a shoemaker. I
know nobody In America. I have no money.
la the year 1888 the Russian Government ar
rested about fifteen nihilist workingmen in
my native city. I attempted to lake their part
and help them ana was arrested as a nihilist.
I was tried and sent- to the island of Sag
halien to serve an indefinite sentence. I
escaped the same time and in the same man
ner as my nine companions. I was tranferred
from the whaler Charles W. Morgan to the
■whaler Cape Horn Pigeon and arrived here on
the night of November 9, 1893.
Ivan Kovalev.
The story of the rescue of the ten men
is related in the affidavit of Captain J. A.
M. Earle of the American whaling bark
Charles W. Morgan, as follows:
On September 3, 1893, while in the Okhotsk
Sen, about forty miles from the land, and while
the boats were down whaling, an open boat
came alongside of the bark containing ten
Russian subjects, who reported being out ten
days in their boat, during threo of which they
had been without food or water.
They said that they had escaped from a
Siberian prison and asked to be taken on
board. As an act of humanity I complied with
their request, for to have left them in that con
dition would have meant death, especially as a
gale came up the next day which would have
destroyed their boat.
1 retained them all on board until September
25, then transferred five of them to the Ameri
can whaling bark Cape Horn Pigeon, for lack
of accommodations on my own vessel. The re
maining live I gave passage to this port and
provided clothing, as they were in a destitute
condition when they came on board my ship.
The Morgan arrived here on November
7, 1893, and the Cape Horn Pigeon reached
port two days later. Kovalev came on the
latter vessel. On the arrival of the con
victs Commissioner Stradley was notified.
Being in doubt whether the immigration
laws applied to the case, the latter official
telegranhed to Washington for instruc
tions and he was ordered to arrest and
detain the ten men pending an examina
tion. On November 9 the convicts were
arrested, the five who arrived on the Mor
gan being then on exhibition at a low
grade saloon theater on Market street.
After the testimony had been submitted
by Commissioner Stradlev the authorities
at Washington decided to release the pris
oners. Xo notification of the reason for
the decision accompanied the order of re
lease, but the Commissioner believes that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUSRDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1596.
t lie prisoners were not regarded as immi
grant?, having been picked dp in distress
on the open sea and brought here against
their will by American vessels.
No interest En the case was ever officially
manifested by the Russian Government.
At the release of the prisoners Captain
Lees addressed the ten men. He told them
that they had come to a free country,
where they could enjoy all the advantages
afforded to any others. They would have
a good deal of liberty here, he said, but the
people in this country would not tolerate
tne manifestation of any nihilistic or an
archistic tendencies. If any of them should
become lawless ttiey would have to accept
the punishment.
That ended the wirning. To-morrow
the threatened punishment will be meted
out to a third member of the gang.
A BRUTAL WIFE-BEATER
Judge Campbell Severely lectures
Thomas ltrennan, a Burly
Longshoreman.
Thomas Brennan, a longshoreman, was
convicted in Judge Campbell's court yes
terday of beating his wife. She appeared
in court with a big black lump on her left
cheek under the eye, and begged the Judge
to be lenient with her husband for the sake
of her children. During their married life
she had borne to him ten children, and five
were alive. He was a good husband, ex
cept when he was drunk. She admitted
he was very often in that condition, spend
ing all his wages in drink.
'•The whipuing-post is the best thing for
such men as you," said the Judge, "and if
E had the power I would order you to get
thirty lashes on your bare back with a
rawhide. I had made up my mind to give
you six months in the County Jail, but as
your poor children would be the actual
sufferers and not you I will for their sake
withhold sentence for thirty days.
"Meantime you will have to give your
wife $3 per week for the support of the
children, and if, at any time, a complaint
be made to me that you are not paying
that amount, or that you are beating your
wife, I will at. once issue a bench warrant
for your arrest and send you to jail."
Brennan declared that he would pay t he
amount regularly and would not touch an
other drop of drink.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The City of Puebla Leaves for
Victoria With Many
Passengers.
Conference of the Harbor Commission
ers and Architects on the
New Ferry Depot.
Amonsr the passengers who sailed on the
City of Puebla yesterday for Victoria, B.
C, were A. E. Pryor and Harry W. Good
all of the firm of Piper, Aden, Goodall &
Co. It is rumored along the front that
they are going to Seattle to purchase one
of the sound steamers for use in the bay.
If she comes here the chances are that she
would be used in connection with tne line
of railroad to be built from San Jose to the
waters of the bay. When spoken to about
the matter both Pryor and Goodall denied
that they were going to the sound on busi
ness, but said they were merely on pleas
ure bent. They will be gone about two
weeks, nnd expect to enjoy themselves.
As Pryor is anything but a good sailor the
chances are that all his fun will come
when he reaches terra firma. Goodall
conies of a family of sailors, and he will
revel in "a life on the ocean wave."
There was an important conference in
the ollice of tho Harbor Commissioners
yesterday. Bes'de President Colnon and
Commissioners Cole and Chad bourne there
were present Harold Wheeler, represent
ing the A. Page Brown estate; E. R.
Bwayne, the newly appointed architect,
and Walter Coffman, who appeared for E.
S. Stratton, who is sick. The discussion
was all over the detailed drawings for the
new ferry depot. Swayne admitted that
the ones made in tho otlice of the deceased
architect were probably all right, but still
he would not take the responsibility of
constructing the depot from them. He
wanted to make his own detailed draw
ings, and then he would know where he
stood.
Wheeler, as representative of the Brown
estate, argued, that the drawings ought to
be accepted and paid for. They had been
completed in good faith, mainly under the
supervision of Mr. Brown, anil therefore
the board was liable for the money. This
was the rock on which the Brown estate
and E. R. Swayne split, and the confer
ence was called in order to have the Com
missioners solve the problem.
President Colnon said that Mr. Swayne
was the newly appointed architect, but
that he would have to look for his re
muneration from the Brown estate. If the
two could not reach an agreement then
working plans would have to be made by
some one. The whole matter finally re
solved itself into a question of dollars and
cents, and the discussion finally went over
for a few days in order to allow the inter
ested parties to arrive at an amicable set
tlement. Should Mr. Swayne agree to
erect the building from the late Page
Brown's working plans, then there will be
plain sailing; but if he docs not, then new
ones will have to be made and the trustees
of the estate of the dead architect will sue
for the work done on the plans now ready
for use.
Governor Budd made an extended tour
of the water front yesterday. He was in
the City to attend the meeting of the Board
of Regents of the State University, and
seized the opportunity to inspect the work
being done by the Harbor Commissioners.
He was driven around by Chief Wharfinger
Root, and spoke very highly of the man
ner in which tilings were being conducted.
He particularly admired the new Pacific
street wharf, now in course of construction,
and thought it would prove to be the
longest lived of all the piers along the
front.
Changes in the revenue fleet still
go on. Captain Roath left yesterday
for the north to take charge of the cutter
Corwin. On his arrival the vessel will sail
for Sitka, where she will relieve the Wol
cott, the latter going to Seattle for repairs.
Captain Manger of the Corwin takes charge
of the buildiinr of the new Custom-house
launch, the Golden Shore, now being con
structed for San Francisco.
The tug Ethel and Marion will run ex
cursions to the Italian, man-of-war Cristo
foro Colombo next Saturday and Sunday.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's steamer J. D. Peters has
been laid up for a thorough overhauling.
It will be some time before the work is
completed and in the meantime the Mary
Garrett will run in her place.
There is trouble brewing over the cargo
of the steamer Willamette. As stated pre
viously in The Call it was transferred
from tne George W. Elder to the Columbia
and from the latter to the Willamette.
All three broke down, and it has been said
that there will be three general averages
on the consignments. Captain Cushman
Jaughs at the story, however, and says
that there was only a few cases of salrnou
damaged durinc the various transfers.
A Chicken Thief.
James Coakley, an ex-convict, was arrested
in the Mission at an early hour yesterday
morning Dy Policemen Blackman and Harris.
He had in a sack thirty-lour chickens, which
the police nave good reason to believe were
stolen from some henroost. He is being de
tained pending inquiries as to tne owner of
the hens.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
This Thursday, February 20, day and even
ing, the Mardt Gras Ball decorations will be
on view. In the evening there will be a
Promenade Concert. Admission 25c, evening
BANKER KLEINSCHMITS.
One of the Famous Pioneers of
Montana on a Visit
Here.
BOUGHT MILLIONS IN DUST.
Mr. Kleinschmits* Story of the Ac
tivity in the Gold Camps and on
the Cattle Ranges.
T. H. Kleinschmits, the millionaire
banker of Montana, three times Mayor of
Helena and interested in many great
enterprises throughout the West, is at the
Occidental.
Mr. Kleinschmits is one of the pioneers
of Montana. He settled at Virginia City,
in that then Territory, in 1864. Two years
Jater he went to Helena and engaged in
banking. During his experience in the
latter business he has bought more than
$28,000,000 in gold nuggets and dust. He
handled a large amount of the product of
Aider Gulch and of other famous camps in
Montana.
He is recognized as one of the ablest
MILLIONAIRE T. C. KLEINSCIIMITS OF MONTANA.
[Sketched by a "Call artist."]
business men in the country. Mr. Klein
schmits says that Montana has improved
greatly in a business way lately.
"There is a general renewal of confi
dence not only there but elsewhere where
I have been," he said. "In Montana men
are now casting around for investments.
It is very different from what it was a
short time ago.
"We have been in Montana aJmostwith
out any winter. I have never seen one so
mild. The cattle are in excellent shape.
We haveu't lost one. and we won't now.
for it always happens that when cattle are
slick and fat at this time of the year the
cold spring weather does not affect them.
"Sheep are also in fine fettle. There are
many of them, as there are of cattle, for
these two industries are very extensive in
Montana. We shall have a great deal of
wool, mutton ana beef this year.
"As for the mines, we are digging deeper
tnan formerly and finding bigtrer and
richer veins. We are not trying to dis
cover more silver, because it is too cheap.
However, we are working the big silver
mines at Butte, Anaconda and Elsenboro.
But the main idea in Montana lately, as
in Colorado, ha«» been to develop more
gold mines. We have had great success
in this. Eighty miles from Helena lately
a good gold mine has been opened which
returns $200 to the tun — about four times
what the best mines tiiere ordinarily re
turned. This is something immense,
especially when it is remembered that it it
only went $9 to the ton it would pay well.
"They are aevelopinc a new district in a
part of the Kocky Mountains next to
Idaho ; known as the BlacKfeet Range. It
is an area about eighteen by seventy miles
in extent, which has recently been ceded
to Montana by the Blackfeet Indians. It
appears to be rich in gold. Many other
districts are being opened.
"I think the mineral product will in
crease from year to year. The product of
Montana last year was about $48,000,000.
It will be more than that this vear."
Mr. Kleinschmits is executor of the
estate of a Montana man who lately died
in Oakland, and he is here to attend to it
and also to visit a lemon ranch which he
owns near San Diego. He has several in
terests in California aside from the latter.
He has lately withdrawn from the First
National Hank of Helena, of which he was
bo long executive officer, and retired from
active business. Mr. Kleinschmits' fortune
has been acquired solely by his own efforts
as he had no money when he drifted into
Virginia City.
He has bought more dust and nuggets
than any other man in the West.
THE POTTER INQUEST.
A Verdict of Accidental Death Re
turned by tho Coroner's
Jury.
The Coroner's inquest yesterday re
turned a verdict to the effect that the
death of H. Cranston Potter was acci
dental.
Dr. A. G. Hicks came down from racoma
to give his testimony at the inquest. He
was the last person to see Potter aJive at
the Cliff House on the evening of Febru
ary 7. They dined together, and while
they drank a whisky cocktail before din
ner and a quart of champagne during the
meal he did not consider Potter intoxi
cated.
The witness and Potter left the Cliff
House at 7:45 o'clock. The former wanted
co take the Sutro electric cars back to town
and his companion wanted to take the
steam dummy.
Hicks said he walked down the hill for
about 100 paces with Potter trying to per
suade him to take the Sutro cars but
deceased was obstinate and refused .' Wit
ness said Potter was an independent man,
and when he made up his mind to do a
thing no one could induce him to do other
wise. Witness took the 7:45 butro car for
the City. He was positive deceased was
not intoxicated when he left him. It was
a very dark night. •
Hicks stated that Potter acted contrary
to everything thai he (Hicks) would say,
as if he desired to get rid of him. "Witness
had an appointment with deceased at the
Occidental Hotel on Saturday evening;
but, as Potter did not put in an appearance,
he concluded that he had gone off with
other friends. Hicks had a ticket for
Tacorna on the Walla Walla, which sailed
the following day, and, as he expected
Potter to leave for Tacoma by train on
Tuesday, Hicks made the trip on the Walla
Walla. '
BURIED AT TACOMA.
James Brown Potter Attended the Funeral of
the Unfortunate Young Man.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 19.— The funeral
of H. Cranston Potter took place at 3
o'clock this afternoon from his late home,
312 North Cliff avenue. None but rela
tives and intimate friends of the deceased
were present. Rev. Preston Barr, rector
of St. Luke's Episcopal Church, officiated.
Many beautiful rlowers, the tributes of
friends, were piled about the casket. The
remains, which were embalmed and rest
ing in a handsome casket, were sealed in
a metallic shell this afternoon and shipped
to New York City by express.
James Brown Potter, brother of the de
ceased, who arrived in the city yesterday,
will not return to New York with the re
mains, but will stay here to settle up the
affairs of the dead man.
Another Noe Suit.
Once more the Noe case has come into court,
this time with lour solid pages of defendants,
numbering altogether several thousand. The
.suit is brought in place of a former suit with a
much less imposing list of defendants, because
the former list was so incomplete. As in the
former action, the plaintiffs in the suit just
filed are Miguel Noe, Vincent Xoe, Cataliiia
Splivalo and Catalina Noe.
CAPTAIN LANE'S TRIAL
It Has Opened With Objections
From Defendant's
Counsel.
The Shattuck Case and Judge Belcher's
Remarks Mixed Up in the
Proceedings.
The Lane case opened with an objection.
When the case was called Carroll Cook
submitted a demurrer, some challenges an
objection and an exception to the remarks
of Judge Belcher about the Shattuck jury,
made last Friday. He declared that «o
discharge the jurors from the panel was an
illegally proceeding, and one which inter
fered with the rights of the defendant,
Lane.
The dismissal of the jurors, counsel
said, was equivalent to a refusal by the
Sheriff to summon jurors regularly drawn
to serve upon a panel in a court, which ac
tion on the part of the Sheriff, counsel
maintained, is ground for a challenge to
the entire panel. In closing his affidavit
on the subject, the defendant Lane made
this statement:
That in preparing for his trial affiant learned
from the records of the court who the jurors
in attendance thereon were, made investiga
tions as to their characters, reputations and
opinions in general, and now romes to this
court prepared to proceed with the trial of
this cause, anticipating that the said jurors
hereinbefore named, would all of them
form a part of the panel of jurors in attend
ance upon this court and from which a jury in
this cause would be drawn. Finding that
such names have been, without legal cause
ordered taken from the jury-box of trial jurors
in attendance upon this court and said de
partment thereof, affiant objects to proceed
ing with said trial or to proceeding to draw a
jury until said jurors shall again have been
notified to be in attendance upon said court
and until their nnmes, or at least the names of
all except KittreJpe, Ash and Walker, shall
have been replaced in said jury-box, or that
the entire panel of jurors in attendance upon
this court shall be dismissed and a new venire
of jurors drawn to serve on the trial of this
cause.
R. B. Kittredge, W. L. Ashe and W. D.
Walker of the Shattuck jury had served
their terms anyway, and so were not in
cluded in Cook's objection. R. A. Muller
the man who had stood out for "guilty. 1 *
had been ordered restored to the panel
after two weeks.
Judge Belcher overruled all the objec
tions and exceptions, and then the Lane
trial proceeded.
Five jurors were secured during the fore
noon, and then the case went over until
this morning, when it is hoped Mr. Knight
now engaged in the Turner case, can be
present. Cook's questions indicated that
he is anxious to secure jurors who have
no children. He seemed particularly
anxious to be rid of any juror in whose
family there are little girl?.
This is the first charge against Lane to
come before the Superior Court.
In fighting a duel the principals are gen
erally placed twelve paces distant from
each other.
NEW TO-DAY.
v spoonfuls/ rvwiicr v^~^ /
\REQUIRED/ Vspoqnfuls/
V V THE BEST THAT MONEY CAN BUyX^^^
HOME FOR NEWSBOYS
The Charitable Enterprise of
Mr. and Mrs. A. C.
Stevens.
A ROOF GARDEN MADE.
A Non-Sectarian Institution Which
All Churches and the Public Are
Asked to Aid.
The Newsboys' Home, at 113 Powell
street, will be opened this evening.
There are ten large, sunny rooms in
course of furnishiner, and at the front a
roof garden is about to be made, where
boys may eat icecream and exchange the
jokes and stories of the craft.
The lirst floor will be devoted to a res
taurant, excepting one room for an office
or sitting-room. On the second floor will
be gamerooms, reading-rooms, workrooms
and bathrooms.
It is designed that in connection with
the home will be established a stamp sav
ings society, an employment bureau, a
weekly paper, an industrial department, in
charge of competent teachers; a laundry
agency, a package delivery system, a news
paper exchange, a library, restaurant and
barber-shop.
The amusements include musical enter
tainments, socials at which refreshments
will be served, writing, drawing, stamp
albums and scrapbooks, and it is intended
that new features will be added as soon as
practicable.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Chesley Stevens of 112
Liberty street are the promoters of the
plan. The story of their interest in the
work is an interesting one. Last summer
the young couple started on a tour around
the world. They stopped at Duluth,
Minn., and there became interested in the
work known as the Bethel Home of that
city. So much were they absorbed in this
work that they resolved to abandon their
plan of a tour around the globe and re
turned to San Francisco resolved to under
take a similar work. They looked over the
Held thoroushly, and the result has been
their conclusion that helping working
boys to an education, to save a little
money for a start, in business and to pro
vide them with the surroundings of a re
lined club life is the worthiest work in
which they could engage.
They hope to make the institution in
every sense a public one. A board of man
agers will soon be formed, and an appeal
to the churches for aid in furnishing the
rooms has been made. Mr. Stevens has
become responsible for the rent.
His purpose is to make the home self
supporting as soon as possible. To this end
a restaurant will be opened which the pub
lic is asked to patronize.
It is not yet decided, and will not be
until the board of managers meets, whether
a nominal charge will be made to the
boys.
Provisions vill be made for a temporary
home for such boys as are without an
abiding place.
There will De an employment bureau
and, in time, connection with a training
school for boys.
The great need now is for substantial
furniture in all the rooms.
The institution is to be non-sectarian,
and the help of all churches is desired.
This evening the Methodist deaconesses
will have charge of the entertainment, to
which all working boys are invited.
The hospitality of the home will not be
restricted to newsboys.
An Abandoned Baby.
A baby girl, about a week old, was found in
a basKet on the Bteps of 409 Vallejo street, at
an early hour yesterday morninsr, by the
policeman on the beat. It was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital and yesterday afternoon was
taken to Mount St. Joseph Orphan Asylum.
It was poorly clad.
The halcyon alluded to by the poets is
the bird called the kingfisher. It is believed
by the ancients that while the female
brooded over the cues the spa and weather
remained calm and unruffled; hence arose
the expression of halcyon days.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
GROVE-ST. THEATER
(Bet. Polk anrt Van Ness).
JbSJiHNri^Jb'X'X 1 "CT7'it!^lTr
VETERAN "GlllsD^ G. A. R.!
SPLENDID COMPANY! .
. ATTRACTIVE BILL!
Commencing MONDAY, February 17.
Monday... .....f t i% • ■
Tuesday II Afr I
Wednesday **< *^^- *
5S^;:::::;:::::::::::TW« OF A l\W
ird r a y ay ::::::::::FUN OX TnE BRISTOL
-SATURDAY MATINEE !
PRICES— IOc, 20c, 30c, 50c.
Curtain Will Rise at 8 o'clock on Tableaux In-
troducing Veteran Guard.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrcll Street, Between stoclf ron aal Po*»lL
WEEK BEGINNING MONDAY, FEB. 1 7 ,
A Great list of Renowned Attractions!
: THE WILTONS '.
\ THE PANTZERS •
• CARROLL JOHNSON ~~~:
! THE GARRISONS ~:
Our Great Company of Celebrities.
Reserved seats, -sc; Balcony, 10c: Opera caalrl
and Box seats. 50c
SHOOT THE CHUTES!
Saturday— Washington's Birthday,
• ORPHAN JUVENILE BAND —
Afternoon and Evening.
■ Also in Evening,
GRAND DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS!
. Pyrotechnics of All Sorts and Kinds.
• HAIGHT STREET, NEAR THE PARK.
AD3IISSION— — — — -10 CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go-Round Ride), 10c,
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
—WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, February 20,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday itnd Saturdaj'. Rain or Shine. -
FIVK OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
- Races start at •_' :00 p. m. sharp.
- McAllister and Ueary street c»ra pass the eate.
K. AIILROY. THOS. H. Wl JK.
; Becretary. President.
NEW TO-DAY- AMUSEMENTS.
fiK"N"H EATRB *l P^ops.
Last 3 Nights of the Opera Season!
LAST MATINEE SATIRDAI!
At SI. OO, 75c and 50c.
TAVARY GRAND OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT (Thursday) ."FAUST"
Friday "BOHEMIAN GIRL"
Saturday Matinee (50c, 75c, "CARMEN"
Saturday N'txtu— Great Double BUl— Cast In-
cluding all the Company, "TIIOVATORE"
and by Kequeat... ,. .. "I'PAGLIACCI"
Sunday Night, Feb. TS— Positively Final Recital
PADEREWSKI.
EXTRA NEXT WEEK.
Annual Engagement of the Favorite Actor,
FBBIMBKICK
And His Celebrated Companr In Magnificent
Scenic Productions of Classic Romance
and Tragedy.
-SfSi^Wountebank
Tuesday and Thursday Evenings,
"THE LION'S MOUTH"
Saturday Evening "VIRGINIUS"
SEATS READY TO-DAY
MUroRHMS
VTHEATRE prop*.
2nd AND LAST WKKK OF
MR. THO3IAS
And His Splendid Supporting Company.
TO-NIGHT... "HAMLET"
Friday "OTHELLO"
Sat. Mat "MERCHANT OF VENICE"
Saturday Mght "KIt'HAKI) III"
bunday "LOUIS XI"
— —COMMEN CING
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT, February 24,
Everybody's Favorite Comedienne,
JOLLY
NELLIE
McHENRY
A nd Her Excellent Farce-Comedy Company, prc
ttenting Her Latest Musical Farcical Success,
"THE BICYCLE GIRLI"
Uright Music, Catcliy Songs, Pretty Dances,
Beauthul Girls, Elaborate Costumes, etc.
SEATS READY TO-DAY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Extra.
Al Hayman <fc Co. announce
jp.a.id:e:e*.:e"\*7-jsis:i
In Two (2) Piano Recitals on
FRIDAY AFTERNOON.. ..February 31, at 3:00
AND FOR
A FINAL RECITAL
AT THE
BALDWIN THEATER
SUNDAY EVENING. February 38, at 8:13
PRICES : St2, S3. 85, according to location.
*3" Seats for Friday afternoon at Sherman,
Clay & < o.'b.
S£S~ Seats for Sunday night now ready at Baldwin
Theater box-olnce.
Steinway & Son's Piauo used at all the Paderew-
ski recitals.
TRICDLAtIOtR.<iOTTLOD«» o>- Le£»«»iWlMa»>"
THE CATHODE I NOT
KAY I NECESSARY
To See the Great Things in
"THE OLD LIME KILN"
By Charming KATIE PUTNA3I
And Her Excellent Company.
Even the Children Are Delighted.
SEATS— ISc, sc, 50c and 75c.
Szj/ ' ALCAZAR
■ Magnificent Production of the Great Play,
FAUST Ai\D MARGUERITE !
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Washington's Birthday— lcecream,
and Cake. Special l'resent of
a High-Class Bicycle.
Prices — -lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c and 500
Monday Next— The Great
CARLETON OPERA COMPANY! .
Seats Now on Sale.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs. Krnkstixe Krklino, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING
Splendid Electric Production
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
OR
"THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
The Most Wondrous Brockcn Seen* Ever
bbown in This City.
— —CAST INCLUDES —
TO-NIGHT— First Appearance of
MISS ANNA SCIIX.\BKL.
Ida Valerga, John J. RafTael,
Martin I'ache, Marcel Perron,
W. 11. West, Arthur Boyce.
i Grand Chorus ! Superb Oichestrat
Next Opera-"RIT 7 ~VAN WINKLE."
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSfO, Sole Lessee and ilanagar
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
John A. Stevens' Great Melodrama,
"WIFE FOR WIFE!"
With DARRELL VINTON and .
ESSIE TITTELL in the Leadinß Koles.
Special Matinee Washington's Birthday
XTKmra I'rickj— 2sc and 53a.
Family Circie and Gallerv. 100.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunclar.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 32, 1896
(Washington's Birthday). ■
PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL
VEREIN EINTRACHT!
• -
tEg- Grand Festival March entitled "400 Years
of American Life," representing the most Im-
portant periods of the history of the United States
of America.
i Prizes amounting to $500 will be distributed.
• Louis N. Ritzau's Military Band of 36 Pieces.
Admission 81.00*
Reserved Seats 50c extra at Goldstein & Cohn's,
822 Market street.
i Uoors open at 7. Promenade Concert at 8. k
umua Mordi at, 8 *. u. *
78
MRS. COOPER READS
HER STATEMENT
Repeats the Charges Al
ready Existing Against
Dr. Brown.
THE SITUATION STATED.
Fears Expressed That Mrs. Stock
ton Has Been Induced Not
to Appear.
NEW EVIDENCE IS SUBMITTED.
The Pastor on Cross • Examination
Scores One or Two Very
Strong Points.
Mrs. Cooper, as had been predicted, pre
ferred serious charges against Dr. Brown
yesterday. She declared, with much
earnestness, that the Overman-Tunnell let
ters are genuine, supporting this state
ment with evidence, which the pastor will
probably lind some difficulty in overcom
i:ip.
She claimed among other things that Dr.
Brown, in his acquaintance with Mrs. Al
bertine Stockton, was not ministerial, his
conduct at various times proving him to be
unfitted to continue in pastoral work, and
Mrs. Cooper also sets forth as a fact that
Mrs. Blanchard had been intimidated into
j-igninz a statement which Dr. Brown knew
to be false.
Mi>s Hattie Cooper supported her
mother in a .supplementary charge, alleg
ing that Miss Overman conspired with
Mrs. Tunnell, and that the two occupied
a room for one week prior to the arrest of
Mrs. Davidson. Tiie nature of the con
spiracy was not named in the charge
handed the committee. Miss Cooper also
alleged that Mrs. Tunnell was spirited
away from the home of Dr. Brown, inti
mating that if she wa3 present the pastor
would ii:id himself amid a sea of breakers
from which he could not be extricated.
Fne committee on charges spent a busy
three hours yesterday morning. First
tame Mr. Mason of "the Christian En
deavor Society. lie had prepared a
charge to the effect that Dr. Brown, had
tiud to intimidate a young lady member
of his church who "nad expressed an
opinion as to the pastor's gui;t.
The force used was embodied in an ex
pressed determination to assail the young
■woman's character unless she should un
dergo a change of heart. Mr. Mason's
charge was backed up with an affidavit
Prominent Figures at the Congregational Church Council — E. C. Williams Read
ing the Charges Formulated From the Newspaper Articles.
[Sketched from life yesterday by a "Call" artist.]
in which all the facts of the alleged act
were recited. There was a hitch, however,
in presenting this charge to the council,
and it was found in the desire to withhold
the name of the young lady. The matter
was finally passed, to be taken up at the
evening session should there be a demand
for it.
Mrs. Cooper and her daughter were the
next to appear before the committee, the
substance of tneir charges being given
above.
When the doors leading to the lecture
room were opened for the afternoon ses
sion there was a momentary crush, which
subsided when it was found that there was
room for all. The ticket of admission
■scheme seemed to have fallen through, for
the general public found no difficulty in
gaining admittance.
Itn. Brown and >iit-s Overman came
early, securing seats in the front row.
Just across the aisie Bat Mrs. Cooper and
her daughter, Miss H attic, and on 'the left
of the former was Mrs. Lena Blanchard,
who figured in ihe affidavits charging Mrs.
Cooper with Ituffing the church ballot.
At 2 o'clock Dr. Brown came by a side
ilour, carrying a handbag. Ten minutes
inter the council liied into the room, and
was immediately called to order bv Mod
erator McLean requesting Dr. Pond to
i<-:id in prayer- liev. J. M. 'fenny of San
Jose was the only member absent, he hav
ing been called Home to attend a funeral.
Attorney Woodhams on motion of. Mr.
Hoyt was made, not without objection
from Dr. Brown, judge advocate of the
council with privilege of a seat on the
platform. Mr. Yvoodhams' special duties
arc to look after the interest of both prose
i ution and defense in a perfectly impartial
way. The report of the committee on
changes was ti>en presented by Ctiairmnu
Hoyt. He said there was a difference of
opinion among the committee concerning
the matter of revising the newspaper
statements of the charges against Dr.
Brown, and he would read the shorter re
port, which is as follows:
l'our committee of three has received the
following charges in writ ins. a 'id properly
signed, copies of which have been put in the
hands of Dr. Brown:
First— That the Overman letters are gen
uine.
Second— That Pr. Brown in his acquaintance
with Mrs. Albertine Stockton was not ministe
rial in his conduct.
Third— That Pr. Brown has been guilty of
Intimidation to Mrs. Lena Blanchßrd.
Fourth— That Pr. Brown was concerned in a
conspiracy with Miss Overman lo spirit Mrs.
Tunnell away *roru this City secretly.
At the evening session Mrs. Cooner gave
to the council a lengthy and well-worded
statement of her knowledge of the charges
pgainst Dr. Brown. With the exception
of one or two new points the document
presented nothing that has not already
been published. She sprang a surprise oh
the accused pastor and his friends when
she declared that her first positive knowl
edge of wrongdoing came wh.n Rev. Mr.
Coplin informed her by letter that lie
knew a Christian lady who was familiar
with the alleged misconduct of Dr. Brown
and Miss Overman.
Mrs. Cooper said that the pastor's rela
tions with Mrs. Stockton were true in de
tail and fact, that lady having admitted as
much to her. Mie had learned, however,
that an effort had been made to prevent
the widow's appearance before the coun
cil, but that she (Mrs Cooper) had
faith in her ultimately coming. Concern
ing the disappearmg'of Mrs. Tunnell she
said that she had been informed by a re
porter that the lady in question left the
home of Dr. Brown about 11 :30 o'clock on
the Sunday night following the arrest of
Mrs. Davidson. She made her exit by
means of a side or rear door.
On cross-examination by Dr. Brown,
Mrs. Cooper was asked to repeat the state
ment about Mrs. Tunnell, and the pastor
then said that he had asked this for a
purpose as there was neither side nor rear
entrance to his home.
The full statement of Mrs. Cooper, to
gether with the days proceedings, will be
found below.
Considerable matter has been printed
recently concerning some supposed
trouble Dr. Brown had with a student at
Oberlin. The following telegram is self
explanatory:
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Feb. 19.— An Elyria
(Ohio) special here to-day say* l>r. C. O. Brown,
the Congregational preacher of San Francisco,
who has gained especial notoriety on account
of charges brought by Mr?. Davidson, a mem
ber of his church, was at one time a student at
Oberlin College. Young Brown and the entire
Brown family were of good character, being
considered honest, religious and upright. At
IS years of age the young man married Miss
Mary Wheat of Oberlin, but as it was against
the rules for a student to marry, he was com
pelled to leave the college. He' pursued his
studies elsewhere.
The council will meet again to-day at 2
o'clock, when the examination of Mrs.
Cooper will be resumed.
CHARGES FORMULATED.
One Sat of Accusations Based on
Letters Submitted to the Coun
cil by Mrs. Cooper.
Dr. W. C. Pond opened the session of
the council in the afternoon with prayer.
He returned thanks for tne harmonious
character of the proceedings of Tuesday
ami asked that the same conditions might
bless the proceedings of yesterday.
The moderator — Among the last items of
business last night was the appointment
of a committee of three to receive and
formulate charges against Dr. Brown, to
be investigated by the council.
At this point there was a demand for a
rollcall, and this was ordered by the mod
erator. It showed all present, except Rev.
J. M. Tenney of San Jose, who had been
called home on some urgent business.
In response to the request of the mod
erator for the report of the committee on
charges, its chairman, Dr. H. N. Hoyt of
Sacramento, announced that the commit
tee had prepared two reports. One was
formulated fiom letters makimr certain
charges, which had been submitted by
two ladies, and the other outlining the
method of procedure before the council.
He was asked to read the latter first, and
did so, as follows:
It is the recommendation of your joint com
mittee of five that the case of Dr. Brown, before
this council, be conducted by an officer or eom
mitteemnn, with duties similar to those of
judge advocate; that is to say, said officer or
committecman to have charge of the presenta
tion of all evidence to come belore the council
and to question all witnesses in examination,
both direct and cross, excepting the right al
ready accorded Dr. Brown to appear in his own
defense as counsel representing himself; and
also excepting the right of any member of the
council to propose questions to any witness
I under examination.
Dr. Hoyt nominated Mr. Woodhams to
take charge of the presentation of evidence
to the council. This brought Dr. Brown
to his feet in an objective mood. He said:
1 do not rise positively to oppose this, but to
suggest merelv. I would be very glad to ac
cept Mr. Woodhams as the prosecuting officer
in this case. But it seems to me anomalous to
me that he who has alwnys been a friend and
who has voted for me on every question that
has arisen of late should be now asked to take
a position directly opposed to me. It would be
unfair to him and unpleasant, and he would
be placed in an embarrassing position as my
prosecutor.
Hoyt— The thought expressed by Dr. Brown
was not in the mind of the committee. We
were not selecting a man to prosecute Dr.
Brown, but one who is simply to be the busi
ness agent of the council to present the proper
matters to it for its action.
Dr. Brown's attention was called to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY j'O, 1896.
THE MODERATOR ADMINISTERING THE OATH TO MRS. SARAH B. COOPER.
use of the words in the report of the com
mittee which defined the duties of such a
person as being similar to those of a judge
advocate — one who is to act in a strictly
impartial manner— and then withdrew all
opposition to the appointment of Mr.
Woodhams, who was duly elected and in
vited to take a seat on the platform *ith
the council members.
Moderator McLean called for the other
report of the committee. Before present
ing it Chairman Hoyt spoke as follows:
There was a difference of opinion among the
ti;einhprsof the committee as to whether you
had given us any other power than that of" re
ceiving and formulating charges that might he
brought to us. Some of The 'committee held
that we should formulate ana summarize
charges made up from newspapers and other
reports. V. o nave done both. I would pre
sent the briefe- report and leave to you the
disposition of the other.
Mr. Woodhams then read the following;
Your committee of. three has received the
following charges in writing, and properly
signed copies of which have beea put in, the
hands of Dr. Brown:
1. That the Overman letters are genuine.
2. That Dr. Brown, in his acquaintance with
Mrs. Albertine Stockton, was not ministerial
in his conduct.
:■(. That Dr. P.rown has been guilty of Intimi
dation in respect to Mrs. Leo a Bianchard.
4. That Dr. Brown was concerned in a con
spiracy with Miss t'v<rman to spirit Mrs. Tun
nell away from the City.
The proceedings then continued as fol
lows:
Pond— T move that the committee be In
structed to present the second report.
Brown— l have not received a copy of the
document read before this body. 1 was not
furnished a copy of the document just read.
Mcl*an— Yoa said you were familiar with
those newspaper reports. We agreed to fur
nish you with copies of all documents simply
that you might not be surprised.
Brown— l asR to have a copy of all documents
that are in the nature of charges against me
I thiuk that I am entitled to them.
It was decided to provide Dr. Brown
with copies of aJI papers, after which
Chairman Hoyt spoke as follows:
We have not selected or procured witnesses
to prove these charges. They have simply been
summarized. Two persons came before the
committee and submitted written evidence
and we have Mimmarized it, as shown in our
report. In addition to this we have prepared
another paper which summarizes the charges
in the newspaper articles.
Mooar— l wish to know if the committee has
the evidence on which the charges in the
newspapers a*e made.
Hoy t— We hive not had time to secure it, hut
have made inquiries as to who will testify and
where they can be found. But we are in doubt
as to what the procedure is to be, and we have
asked Mr. Woodhams to help us in this matter
I think that the report we have already made,
and the letters I hold in my hands, will make
clear as to what we should do. There are
ladies here who are ready to make statements
to substantiate these charges
K. C. Williams— if the newspaper charges
are brought up and the people who caused
them to be printed ao not come forward then
Dr. Brown goes clear. If these people do not
come forward we must believe that they are
afraid of the irutli, or tnat ihe matters caused
to be published by them are not true.
Dr. Pond s motion was adopted, and
Chairman Hoyt spoke as follows:
Is it the desreof the council to hear the sec
ond report previous to hearing the letters we
hold in our hands, or do you desire to leave
entirely in our possession the matters pertain
ing to the first charges?
McLean— TTe council has assumed the un
usual duty of ascertaining what charges there
are in the community, and I do not see how
they can go forward without formulating
charges. It is unusual for a council to show
such a deference to a church and to an accused
pastor r.s has been shown up to now in this
case. We will, therefore, hear thesa second
charges.
Chairman Hoyt read them as follows;
Charges and specifications preferred against
the Kev. C. O. Brown, pastor of First Congre
gational Church:
CHARGE 1— CONnVCT PREJUDICIAL TO THE WELFARE
OF THE CHURCH.
Specification first— ln this, that knowing
Mrs. Davidson to be concerned in a conspiracy
to extort a large sura of money from himself,
lie publicly recognized and treated her as a
Christian woman and spoke of her to others in
terms of approval, thereby misleading them as
to her irue character and bringing reproach
upon the Christian ministry and scandal upon
the church.
Specification second— ln this, that knowing
in his personal experience that Mrs. Stockton
was guilty of permitting immodest and im
proper liberty by the opposite sex. he made no
effort, as her pastor, to recall her to the right
path and warn her of the impropriety and dan
ger of her conduct.
Specification third— ln this, that possessed as
he was of a knowledge oi tne tacts recited in
specification "J, he, the said CO. Brown, con
tinued his alleged intimacy with the said Mrs.
Stockton, taking her on extended trips over
the street railroads and dining with her at
public restaurants without the company or
knowledge of his wife.
Specification lourth— ln this, that knowing
the alleged facts mentioned in the last two
yp.-eiiieations, he took no steps to bring them
to the attention of the church of which he was
the pastor and the said Mrs. Stockton a mem
ber, but by his silence and conduct toward the
said Mrs. Stockton gave ground for the belief
on the part of her fellow-members of the church
that she was living an exemplary Christina
life and was worthy of their Christian confi
dence and sympathy.
CHARGE 2— CONDUCT VNRIXOMING A CHRISTIAN
JIIMFTKK.
Specification— ln this, that the said C. O.
Brown, while pastor of a Christian church,
paid a large sum of money, namely $500, to
Mrs. Davidson, to be used by her in inducing
Mrs. Baddin lo withhold from the public cer
tain alleged information possessed by her relat
ing to certain scandalous or criminal conduct
on the part of said (.'. O. Brown; which money
was paid to Mrs. Davidson covertly and in
secret, without telling any one of any intent
In such payment, other than to secure the
silence of the said Mrs. Baddin and with no
provision for any concealed witness ol the
transaction and conversation connected there
with, through whose testimony the innocent
and proper Intention prompting the payment
could be understood and made ay>parent.
CHARGE 3— IMMORAL CONDUCT.
Specification first— ln this, that on the— day
of — , IS9-, the said (.'. O. Brown is alleged, in
or near his study, to have pat his arms around
Mrs. Stockton and kissed her, under what she
took to be strong (animal) passion.
Specification second— ln tni=, that he, the said
C. O. Brown, is alleged to havp been guilty of
criminal intercourse witli Miss Overman, and
retain her in his house, knowing that his re
lations with her were in contravention of the
law, both divine and civil.
In an evident state of indignation Dr.
Brown arose at the conclusion of the report
and remarked :
Is any action to be taken upon a document
with such important blanks in it— blank day
of li.mii!:. I was once forced to defend myself
against a woman whose mind was blank, and I
do not think 1 should be called upon to de
fend myself against such a charge unless dates
be given.
Iloyt — I wish to say a few words in explana
tion at this point. We don't feel ourselves to
be prosecutors, and don't like to be called
prosecutors. All that the committee wanted
to do was to make everything clear, and if Dr.
Brown were my brother or my father— he is
my dear, personal friend — I should have to do
everything that I shall do throughout this
council. My idea is to make the matter as
clear as the noonday sun. And this I consider
the best act of friendship to Dr. Brown that
could be done by any one. Ami so I wish that
the word prosecutor and prosecution would
not be used more than necessary.
McLean— The extraordinary deference pakl
to the wishes of the church and its
pastor has placed this council in the
apparent attitude of a prosecutor. Our
attention has bten called to certain un
formulnted charges, and if this investiga
tion is to amount to anything the moderator
sees no way except that these charges must be
formulated, ami that we hnve assumed to
formulate them must not be construed into «in
unfriendly attitude. I have no doubt but that
Dr. Hoyt expresses the feeling of every mem
ber of this council. The greatest friendship
can be shown to Dr. Brown only by a thorough
investigation.
Brown— Dr. Hoyt has been very kind in the
expression of his opinion ami in defense of his
position. I would uot iiave the slightest
nntagonism aroused by what I may say; hut I
must use certain terms tosave circumlocution,
and 1 hope the council will keep this in mind.
It is not with any feeling against any one that
I used these terms.
The report was duly adopted, and when
Moderator McLean announced that the
report was not the property of the council
Dr. Brown again spoke. lie said:
One thing ought to be amended. Facts are
spoken. 1 would like it better if they were
referred to as alleged facts.
The snijjcested change was made.
Dr. Mooar suggested that in order to
avoid the use of the word "prosecutor"
the term "investigating committee" be
hereafter used. The moderator said it
would be ao understood.
At this point the two letters on which
the first series of charges were based were
placed in the hands of Mr. Woodhams,
who read them. They follow:
For the Clerk of Congregational Council— My
Dear Sir: I charge that the Overman letters
incrimiuating Dr. Brown are genuine. I have
proof to substantiate tbia fact. I charge that
Dr. Brown iu his acquaintance with Mrs.
Albertine Stockton was not ministerial in his
conduct and showed himself unfitted to be a
minister of the Igospel in good standing. I
charge that Dr. Brown intimidated Mrs. Lena
Blanehard, threatening her with arrest end
Imprisonment if she did not sign a statement
which ehe told him was false. Very truly
yours, Sarah B. Cooper.
Gentlemen of the Council, Through the Commit
tee on Charge*— Dear Sirs: I charge that Miss
Overman (one of the principals in the so-called
Brown scanda') was in conspiracy with Mrs.
Tunnell, the recipient of the famous Overman
letters, and that they roomed together at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel, corner Fifth and Mission
streets, in the City of San Francisco, one week
prior to the arrest of Mrs. Davidson, now await
ing trial. From good authority I learnetl Mrs.
Tunnell was concealed in Dr. Brown's resi
dence, 1703 Cieary street, Han Francisco, aud
that she (Mrs. Tunnell) was spirited away from
the City secretly by Dr. Brown. Respectfully
and sincerely jours, Harriet Cooper.
Mr. Woodhams explained that these
to ladies had promised to appear and sub
stantiate the charges contained in the let
ters they had presented to the committee
on charges.
Brown— lf this letter sent by Miss Har
riet Cooper is to become a matter of record
I would ask the council to suike out all
between the words "from" and "now
awaiting trial." Miss Overman is not on
trial.
Mr. Woodhams informed Dr. Brown that
he was out of order; that the council had
no power to amend any documents sub
mitted to it; that it could amend only its
own records.
Brown— Does this letter become ft matter of
record in this form? It seeir.s to be a matter
of grave injustice to Miss Overman.
Pnrkinson— Those letters are not the report
of this committee. They were simply author
ized to receive letters or charges, a'nd from
.nem formulate charges or specifications
against Dr. Brown. They do not say Miss
Overman, or any one else, was engaged in a
conspiracy.
This closed the controversy on this
point. Mr. Woodhams announced that be
Was not prepared to present evidence, and
that he thought he would be prepared to
do so in the evenine. It was decidei to
defer the taking of evidence till then. Mr.
Woodhams then addressed the council as
follows:
The members of the council will realize that
it will be impossible for me to go out and get
evidence to substantiate these charges. I think
it would only be just to myself, the council
and Dr. Brown to have it understood that per
sons who have evidence should present it to
me as your representative so that I can place
it in a proper way before the council.
Mr. McLean — I may state properly now that
testimony betore a council exempts any per
son from liability for libel or slander the same
as in testifying in a civil court.
On his own suggestion Mr. Woodhams
was authorized to issue subpenaes for wit
nesses.
Dr. Brown asked to have each charge
separately specified, but Mr. Woodhams
thought they could best be considered in
the form presented.
Dr. Mooar suggested that all persons
who came to testify be placed under oath,
the sari:e to be administered by the mod
erator. The motion was divided, the first
part being passed and that authorizing the
moderator to administer t lie oath being
laid over for the evening session.
Just before the adjournment of the
afternoon meeting E. C. Williams moved
that the representatives of the press be re
quested to make a prominent notice in
their reports of the council that any one
who knows anything about these charges
should report tiie same to Mr. Woodhams.
The motion was adopted.
Dr. Rader opened the evening session
with the customary prayer. The minutes
of the afternoon session were read and
approved. On the motion of Mr. Wood
hams the moderator was instructed to
administer the oath to witnesses.
Mr. Woodhams then again defined his
position in the investigation disclaiming
all intention of partiality or bias and ask
ing for a suspension of judgment by any
who might think he at any time acted
otherwise than impartially.
Dr. Brown raised the question of classi
fying the charges so as to have all those
relating to different individuals treated
separately, but he was overruled by Mr.
Woodhams, who stated that all witnesses
would be asked to testify to everything
they new in connection with any of the
charges or persons mentioned in them.
This matter being settled Mr. Wood
hams announced he was ready to go on by
producing as a witness Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper.
'•She has prepared," he said, "a state
ment on the matter which she wishes to
read without interruption, after which
she is willing to be examined by whoever
wishes to do so."
Mrs. Cooper ascended the platform and
prepared to read her statement, when Dr.
Brown asked that she be sworn. She then
took the following oath :
You solemnly promise in the presence of the
omniscient and heart-searching God that you
will declare the truth, the whole truth and
nothing but the truth, according to the best of
your knowledge, in the matter in which you
are colled as a witness and respecting 'the
guilt or innocence of the Rev. Charles o.
Brown, D.D., upon the charges before this
council as you shall answer it to the great
judge of the quick and the dead.
Dr. Brown then asked : "Am I to under
stand that I am to be debarred, if the mat
ter prove irrelevant, from my privilege as
a defendant? Am I to sit here and be
compelled to listen, possibly for an hour,
to matters irrelevant?"
Moderator McLean informed Dr. Brown
that Mrs. Cooper would be allowed to
read her paper without interruption and
that other witnesses should be allowed to
do the same. Mrs. Cooper read as follows :
Gentlemen of the Council: As preliminary to
the main statement which I have to make, I
desire to say, that whatever I have said or
done and whatever 1 may say or do, in regard
to this unhappy affair has "been inspired by
one single motive, aud that is, to get at the
essential truth oi the matter in question,
namely, the guilt or innocence of Rev. Dr.
C. O. Brown, as respects the grave rumors (I
will not say charges) that have been and are
current against him.
That my earnestness in this matter to get at
the truth was inspired Dy no previous prejudice
or aversion to Dr. Brown, I solemnly affirm.
In support of this affirmation I challenge any
one to truthfully testify to a single disloyal
word or act on my own part, from the earliest
date of his ministry up to the time of the pub
lication of the Overman letters in the Ex
aminer of January 2of the present year. On
the contrary, I call to rerrembrance my many
public utterances, at the meetings of the Bay
Association and at the social festivals of the
church, such as Forefathers' day and the like,
where I have, in response to toasts and other
wise, uttered the strongest words in commen
dation of Dr. Brown's zeal and labors in behalf
of the church.
I desire, also, to refer to my weekly reports
of Dr. brown's sermons in the Bulletin, in all
of which I have shown myself, by the printed
and published records, from the earliest date
of his pastorate, August 14, 1892, up to the
date of the publication of the Overman let
ters, to have been his loyal friend and sun
porter. Many who did not like Dr. Brown's
pulpit ministrations will bear me witness that
they have asked me not to report his sermons
on the ground that it tended to strengthen his
ministry, and they desired him to resign I
invariably replied that I believed it to be the
duty of every church member to work to build
up the church. I always argued with them
that when we united with the church we
pledged our vows to seek the highest good of
the church; that pastors were local and transi
tory, but that the church of God was univer
sal and permanent. I have been the stanch
friend and defender of Dr. Brown in his min
istry and work to scores who have not liked
him personally or in the pulpit. This is well
known to many who are here present and to
scores of others who would bear witness to the
truth of what I here affirm.
In support of this statement I would say that
on Sunday evening, July 21st, of last year, in
response 19 an invitation from Dr. Brown, I
spoke in his pulpit on "The Religious Train
ing of Children." The church was filled,
many strangers being present. In introducing
me Dr. Brown characterized me as "Assistant
Pastor," to which kind allusion I craclously
demurred, at the same time admitting that 1
desired to do all in my power to aid him in
church work. This shows the true state of
feeling as it existed up to January of the pres
ent year. I do not remember to have ever
been refused a favor by Dr. Brown, except
when 1 endeavored to secure the church for
the opening meeting for one of the congresses,
the Religious Congress, when Dr. Brown ob
jected to having a Jewish rabbi in his pulpit.
I remarked pleasantly that our Master used to
go into the synagogue to teach on the Sabbatli
day. The trustees and deacons were all de
sirous for the congress to have the church.
That was but a passing matter, ana I never
gave it another thought.
I deem it necessary to say this at the start
in order to show clearly that what I have said
or done, or what I may hereafter fay or do, is
entirely free from personal prejudice, or pre
conceived notions or opinions in regard to Dr.
Brown; and that it is done only in the inter
est of purity, truth and righteousness. Any
one who knows, or thinks he knows, of dire
contagion, whether physical or moral, in the
community, or in the church, and does not
do his utmost to prevent its propagation, is, in
truth, responsible for the result that may
ensue. To conceal anything bearing upon a
case like this where the best intcrsts of society
are involved is to lie an abettor and coadjutor;
or, to use a legal phrase, is to be accessory be
fore the fact.
What it has cost me of anguish and suffering
to take the steps I have taken, God alone knows.
I saw Gethsemane before me, but 1 dared not
shrink from it. With deep humility aiul great j
pain I quote the words of the Master whom I i
seek to serve: "The cup which my Father hath
given me, shall I not drink it?"
And now, trusting to the eternal strength
and in the ultimate triumph of truth and
righteousness, 1 take up trie plain, simple
statement of facts and incidents as they have
been unfolded to me since the beginning of
this sad affair.
On the morning of Sunday, December 29, I i
was startled and astonished by the publication j
of a terrible scandal concerning our pastor,
Dr. Brown. Loving the church as I do, next j
to my home, I felt as if my own home had
been assailed.
At the close of the morning service, just be
fore I opened my Bible, class, I extended my
hand to Dr. Brown and assured him of my
earnest sympathy, mv perfect confidence in
his integrity, and of my unqualified support in
this fearful attack upou his character, which I j
felt sure was born of malignity and evil. Hoi
thanked me heartily and ssid : "Sister Cooper, i
the blush of shame shall never be brought to I
your cheek by anything which I have !
done." The utterance seemed to me to be i
heartfelt and sincere. I have often been called j
a born advocate. I certainly nm a true and j
loyal defender of my friends, and of those
whom I believe to be misjudged and abused.
Not satisfied with my verbal expression of !
sympathy and proffer of help in the afternoon, I
after having completed my report of Dr. '
Brown's sermon for publication, I wrote him a i
letter lull ol encouragement, bidding him be
brave and hopeful, reminding him of the
worus of the poet-philosopher:
For right is right, since God is God,
And right the day will win,
To doubt, would be disloyalty,
To falter would be siu.
This letter I directed to his 1 home address,
1703 Geary street, my daughter consulting the
telephone directory to make sure of the num- !
ber. My diary confirms these facts. I mention
this fact in connection with this matter be
cause Dr. Brown reproached me publicly on
the platform on the evening I made my pro
test for never having written him on the sub
ject. This protest was made aguinst the adop
tion of the resolution of confidence in his
integrity, after asking for a suspension of
judgment, which I then characterized as a
logical absurdity, and which position I still I
maintain.
But to return to the chronological order of
incidents. Bear in mind that this letter oi
mine to Dr. Brown, wherein I expressed confi
dence in his innocence, was written on Decem
ber 29, the last i-unday of the year. I proffered
my sympathy and any service I could render
Four days later, on Thursday morning Jan
uary 2, the Examiner published the first in
stallment of the Overman letters. And it was
just at this point that my confidence in the
integrity of Dr. Brown began to falter. And
why? Because a fac-simile letter of Miss Over
man's, published in that paper, was in the
exact chirography of letters which Miss Over
man had written to our Normal Kindergarten
trainer and to me in regard to en'eriug the
normal training class for kindergartners
Striking peculiarities in orthographv and
syntax, in the use and non-use of capitals, and
many other distinctive characteristics con
vinced me that the letters came from the same
hand. My faith in Dr. Brown's integrity was
somewhat shaken, but I still hoped tlia't the
darkness might give place to dawn.
On Sunday, January 5, Dr. Brown did not
preach. Protessor Lloyd occupied the pulpit.
I reported the sermon, as usual, and after com
pleting it I again wrote to Dr. Brown. I could
not speak as cheerily as in my former lettor,
but I wrote as strongly as I could. I said it
was right to apprehend a blackmailer, but I
asked him why he did not take the precaution
to have an officer of the law secreted in his
study and then draw out Mrs. Davidson's state
ment from her, pay her the money, give her a
receipt, and at that point have the officer take
her into custody? "In that way," I added,
"you would have protected the church, your
self and saved great pain to all your friends."
J. M. CLIFFORD.
YESTERDAY I CONVERSED WITH
■*- Mr. J. M. Clifford, of 265 S. Main street,
Los Angeles, California. He is one of the
leading merchants of Los Angeles, and is a
gentleman of strict integrity and high
aims. He told me much about the city of
Los Angeles," its boom, its collapse, its
steady growth and its now thriving import-
ance. Then he spoke of Joy'a Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. Said he:
"I have no hesitation in indorsing Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I believe it is a
very fine spring medicine. The early spring
has caught many men and women unpre-
pared, and there is much lassitude and dull
feeling. One can't always be just well, so
one needs a spring medicine to tone up and
cleanse the system. I have used Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla to my great advan-
tage. Before using the remedy I felt out
of sorts, blue. I was not a sick man, yet I
did not feel as rugged as I desired. Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla has its advantage
over other spring medicines in that it con-
tains only herbs. There being no minerals
in this remedy, one does not have to show
its effect in facial blemishes, blood spots
and Sarsaparilla trademarks. If you take
the remedy you will soon begin to realize
its importance. • Again its action on the
bowels is simply remarkable. There are
nogriping pains, no nauseating feelings to
go through. Yes, I recommend Joy's Veg-
etable Sarsaparilla." ■■ V
The experience of this Los Angeles mer-
chant is the experience of hundreds of men
and women who have use 1 Joy's Vegeta-
ble Sarsaparilla. Many people are at first
averse to using Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rf ila, but wnen they once try the grand
herb remedy, they invariably recommend
it to their friends and even chance ac-
quaintances.
The people of the Pacific Coast are now
alive to the substitution business. There
are still a few druggists trying to palm off
something "just as good," but ] you don't
have to take the "just as good," you can get
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, if you insist.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic' for th9
sexual and urinary organs of 'both se-tea, and a
preat remedy for diseases of the kidneya and blaJ-
«er. A' great Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervine,
Bells 'on its own ? Alerits— no long-winded testi-
monials necessary. . ■
-> ■'A'ABtRi T AJL.FS * " BRITNK. Atrents;
32 Market St., S. *\-( W for ctrcuUr.)
But I closed the letter with words of hope,
quoting that fine and stalwart sentiment:
Blent forever on the scaffold,
Wrone forever on the tbrone.
.■ ******
Yet behind the dread unknown
Standeth God within the shadow
Keeping watch above his- own.
My confidence has been shaken, but not de
stroyed. From this letter, to which my diary
of that date besrs record. I received no reply.
Next came the publication of further letters
from Miss Overman to Mrs. Tunnell. These
i letters were dated from early in June, 1895, to
August I— covering two months. And it was
these letters that still farther shook my confi
dence in Dr. Brown. In every one of these let
ters, save that of July 24, -Miss Overman writes
! of the kindergarten, of her desire to hear from
our normal trainer. Miss Storall, and lroni me,
and of her having been accepted for training.
She says In her letter of August 1 : "Yesterday
I received a letter from Miss Stovall informing
me that the position of assistant teacher was
still open for me in the school supported by
the First Congregational Church. Strange,"
adds Miss Overman, "that she should have so
placed me."' Miss Overman further wrote that
Miss Stovall spoke of Dr. 8., and that ''he very
highly recommended my moral character.
Very kind of him, don t you think?" she sar
castically adds.
On making inquiry of Miss Stovall, our nor
mal trainer, she informed me that she had
asked Dr. Brown for credentials, according to
Miss Overman's suggestion, and that he had
refilled to her question in a somewhat curt and
hasty manner, as if annoyed, in the words,
"Above reproach— above reproach," leaving
the impression upon Miss Stovall's mind that
he did not care to have Miss Overman take the
kindergarten course of training. Thus you
will see that every fact and circumstance in
the Overman letters regarding the kinder
garten, as published in the Kxaminer, corre
sponds exactly with the facts and circum
stances as they occurred in our experience
with Miss Overman. It is, therefore, neither
unjust nor illogical to infer that other facts
ano circumstances contained in the Overman
letters might have a basic foundation in fact.
At all events, by the laws of evidence, such a
conclusion cannot be called un-Christian or
unkind. lam certain those letters are gen
uine, and, being genuine, I cannot see how Dr.
Brown can be a man of integrity.
The publication of the Overman letters, with
so much in them relating to the plan for her
kindergarten training, naturally turned the
tnought of the daily press toward me for in
formation, and from that time to the present I
have not been forgotten by my friends of the
press. And I will say just here that in all the
numerous interviews in the search after news
1 do not know of a single instance in which I
have been {incorrectly reported. It has been
my experieuce that a polite and sincere treat
ment of the representatives of the press has
been met with a corresponding polite and sin
cere treatment on the part of the press.
There was one expression which I made in
gfeat earnestness. "Oh, why does he not con
fess?" which leaped to my lips unbidden at a
fresh revelation of details and of incidents tnat
fairly overwhelmed me with their corrobora
tive strength and confirmation. I felt that a
full and honest confession was the only road
to peace. David sinned deeply, but lie con
fessed and was forgiven, and some of his
noblest work was done after his great sin and
confession. Peter denied his Lord, but he was
forgiven because of his penitence. And, feel
ing as I did, that Dr. Brown might have gone
wrong, I longed to have him confess and
repent, knowing that "he that covereth his sins
shall not prosper; but whoso confesseth and
forsaketh them shall have mercy." "If we
confess our sins he is faithful and just to for
give us our sins, and to cleanse us from all un
righteousness." This was why I cried out,
"Why does he not confess?" f felt that it was
the only road to peace.
Then came a deluge of letters of all sorts and
kinds. From December 29 to the present time
I have received over 450 letters. Some of
them were strongly confirmatory in character.
As for example, one was from a clergyman
who said ihat he had been in the ministry for
nearly forty years. From his lengthy letter o£
about six pages I quote the following: "I am
acquainted with a Christian lady who knew of
their (Dr. Brown's and Miss Overman's) rela
tions in 1894. and warned Miss Overman and
Mrs. Tunnell of the storm that would inevita
bly break, upon them in the future. One of the
strongest links in the chain of evidence," con
tinues the writer, "is the hasty flight of Mrs.
Tunnell, who knew more of Miss Overman's
secrets and life than any one else. She had no
reason of her own for going. She must have
disappeared in the interest of one or more who
desire to get her out of reach of both tne civil
and ecclesiastical courts." The name of the
NEW TO-DAT.
Sole Agents for the .
MAQQIONI KID GLOVES.
NOVELTY
WASH DRESS FABRICS
FOR
l 1896. |~
Organdies, Crepes, Sateens, Plain and
Figured Dimities, Batistes, Lawns,
■ Crepons, Swisses in Dotted and
' Eyelet Effects, Etc., Etc.,
In Patterns and at Prices Never Offered
Before. .
The following are Special Values just opened :
50 pieces ;.. J ki
FiguredLawns '■■■I I A
All new I /AP
Dresden designs | £■£, U
Yara. .
40 pieces Dresden Stripe Eateen, * m»
effect marvelous for inexpensive 1 t A
material I |JP
* "" * ••••••••••• Yard.
40 pieces New Cotton Crepon Wavelet, g\ ■■
in all evening shades, cannot be'flt A.
surpassed for evening waists and # Tl
dresses 4UU
Yard.
50 pieces A A
Extra Fine Imported J 1 1 A
Dimities in tIII
Plain and Figured Uvll
Yard.
30 pieces new and handsome Persian
and Dresden designs, in imported m f%
Swisses, exclusive patterns. The MII A
most beautiful material in the£L|||
market, which must be seen to be I U U
appreciated...... ". Yard.
Samples Mailed Free Upon Application.
DRESS SILKS!
Grand exhibit of advance styles in high-
class Novelty Silks for spring, comprising:
Colored Persian, Dresden. Chameleon. riarblc-
ized. Mottled and Pompadour Silks, in the
handsomest patterns ever shown. See them.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
NEWMAN IBJSON,
135, 127, 129, 131 KearnySt.
Branch Store 742 and 744 Market §t.
HACKMEIER'S HOTEL. 123-120 EDDY ST.
HAS CHANGED HANDS, AND IS Nu\V IN-
der new management. First-class in all ap-
pointments, with secoml-class prices. Room and
board f 1 a day and up; rooms without hourd 50c a
day and up. Special rates by week or month. Meala
• 25c. Free bus lo and from Hotel. ■
tiJiOKtiK USUKMIa, Proprietor.£h*??.Z?"« signed - l have paid no attention
d m u to Hnon ymous communications. I
of auention CoininUniCatlonS utterly ""worthy
And now in regard to the sudden and mvs
tvnnus disappearance of Mrs. T/nntiell. On
rt^n' 11 /."'^ ' December 28, a reporter was
detailed to iind Mrs. Tunnell. The detail was
given him at 8:20 o'clock v. m., with the sim
ple nruction, -she lives on Tenth street."
no more definite Instructions on which
to work— with this very obscure suggestion—
ne explored Tenth street without finding the
m\sterious Mrs. Tunnell. Returning without
success, he went to the Jail and Mrs. Davidson
ti'.d him lhal Mrs. Tuunell lived near the
P2 w er-hoose on w Tenth street. He searched
f'hri!?- that she had been employed at the
Mmstiun io-operntive Restaurant. He went
iVo% n r ur nt Rnd Earned that some per
son had been » her « and got Mrs. Tunnell. He
TuZ?u P h thls clew ftlld found that Mrs.
"i h Vn had Boneto Dr. Brown's house,
trud,? i day bciUR Sunday, he did not iu
»li; n n llu ' - Mrs - Tunnell would be likely
wentfhPr ro , wll homcf sometime. He
Dr Krnt 1 "* 1 arl \\ <>nday morning and asked
learn/,? k fOr Mrs - Tun «ell, raying he had
D? R™« e W rV l his (Dr. Brown's) house.
Mrs Tm! tidied that he did not know where
U-irnl Tir"if'i The reporter subsequently
his v«rV,' a! D r-, Brown »e« Mrs. Tunnell out of
o'clock thf " de -? r reßr «^rance about 11
BivinfTh • rrei edin K night (Sundav ni ht),
oaV- i*i V :UM Um , eilo «Kh to catch the hall
wara traced l ° Oakland ' where she was atter
lnc?eiV!.V l iV\ eßvy burden of responsibility
wfnt?™. g> , » tcrm U ied t0 fcce the Bev.Dr.
th'.m t°« an ?v K K V ;, £ r ' Pond Rnd submit to
mvr \ nnr P»Nlshed Overman letters and our
tra?nin^", ? nd L" n v. e . re ftrdi kindergarten
of ihV£ i\S? ask their opinion of the blaring
oi these T OrS upon lho ease of Dr. Brown In
he B i U o «?n CW W U " Dr - WlUUms, which was on
fm™ 2 ? Bof Janu 17, he read me a letter
i££nV» rgy , man m Chi c»BO, telline of Dr.
• h °*" n fester experience, and inquiring
facts in the Rochester affair ""niliar with thi
lacts in tne Rochester affair
tha l h S tr . ou b!ed me still more, and I felt
i n>,,V lleUt . IIW b0 sin Accordingly,
fnnvf,, Pt ° my k hghe!t C()nvictioll of dutv-a
conweuou which 1 Vaml> ' tded to Shake off-I
Vr ,!*' "i ed *? lay the ma «er before two
trusted friends who were trustees of the
innrn^n f c n^ d upon One ° f them on the
morning of Wednesday January 29, and told
him the facts, and he advised me to enter my
protest against the "resolution of confidence
in the integrity of Dr. Brown" which was to be
offered at the meeting that (Wednesday) even
ing. "hen the resolution was offered'l signi
nea to the chairman my desire to speak on the
resolution. 1 spoke as follows :
During the past weeks— sacl woeks, indeed— l
Have been asked many times whnt I thought in re
uam to Dr. Browji occupying the pulpit, pending
the investigation of the grave charges that huve
tit-.n madfe against him. My invariable reply has
been tha'. I should not think "he would desire to do
bo, knowing as he must know, the divided stut:
meut of the church in regard to the matter.
i have also l>eeu overwhelmed with questions
along other lines of this sad affair, when have
rained me beyond expression. Scores ot letters
ironi all over the country have reached me laden
w-ith Inquiries, showing how fast and far sad tid
lnps can travel.
It is easy to make answer at long ranse by
say:ncr. ".Let us wait and see wliu: is the essential
truth:"
And just here I must be permitted to state why
my mind and hean have been rent with con
fucting emotions durins all this sad interval.
Wbenthe sad disc osures first appeared, on the
morning of December 29, 1 lelt tl:ut malignity and
crime had clasped hands in a nefarious effort to
ruin the fair name the pastor of tl>is church.
1 entervd my protest to members of the press,
with which I have been long connected, character
izing the charges made aeiinst Dr. Rrown as in
tar.io.is and (rue!. I was told, in r>-.spons", that
evidence of the most convincing nature was In the
hands of the editors. Even this did not shake my
laith, nntU I saw the published letters of JMlss
Overman in the ! umlner of January 2.
These, I must confess, staggered my faith, and
cus: a deep shadow over my heart. " Whv? . Be
cause the entire recital tu inose published letters
concerning the application of Miss Overman to
v nter the Golden Gate Klndergarteu Normal Train
ing Stbool corresponded exactly in respect to dates
ami of facts to the written letters received from
Miss Overman by me mid by our normal trainer,
Jliss Anna Stovall, in regard to the matter la ques
tion.
Heferences to my diary, where I keep the
ri-cords concerning our work, are confirmatory of
the same dates and facts-
Then, again, when a fac simile of Miss Over
nian's letters appeared in the Kxaminerof Janu
ary . sii.l January 7 the chirography was found to
be identical. Striking peculiarities and id osyn
crasies .u the matter of orthography and of syntax
were unmistakable and convincing. There was no
escaping the conviction that the letters were from
t:.e sarue person— written by the same hand.
With such iticoutroverubie evidence of the
cennineness of the Overman letters in my own
hands, together with much corroborative * test i
mony oi which I will not now speak, Is it to be
wondered at that I have felt an irrepressible de
sire to have a satisfactory explanation regarding
the Overman letters, which 1 am frank to confess
nave caused me unspeakable pain and havese ved
to unsettle my hitherto implici: confidence in a
pastor 10 whom I have always given my loyal al
!^g:ance and unfaltering support? -"» -.=-
•In view of all these puzzling' ; circumstances I
should be personally glad If our pastor could feel
it to be wise and best to refrain from preaching
until such time as he may be legally permitted to
explain all these perplexing problems, and thus
make the dark places radiant with "the light of
truth and righteousness, for this X fervently hope
a tid pray.
These remarks have been characterized by
some of the friends of Dr. Brown as un
womanly, unchristian, and by many other
ephithets not used in polite society. I really
do not see that-they deserve such severe cen
fcure. It seems to me that they are temperate,
calm and logical. However they must speak
for themselves. During their presentation Dr.
Brown, who was on the platform, interrupted
me with the question: "Are you aware that
you are laying yourself open to church disci
pline?" 1 replied that I was aware of it and
continued to read the protest. Then followed
hisses from different parts of the audience, the
Bon of Dr. Brown, who sat on the piano-stool
near me, joining in the hissing. There was no
word of rvbuke from Dr. Brown, who sat close
by me. The chairman. Deacon- Dexter, pro
tested from the platform. I paid little atten
tion to the insult, simply remarking that there
was oi.e creature besides man that could hiss.
I should have said there were two. Later ex
periences in this sad affair have brought to
mind the second.
It is hard for me to account fnr the venom
that has been manifested in this affair; tnalig
nity is not argument; it cannot change a
Eingle fact. Just after I had finished my pro
test Dr. Brown said: "Mrs. Cooper would have
received the explanation she demands if she
had come to my home. There, at any time, I
will give her an absoluteexplanation of all she
afks. I will convince her of my innocence,
and ask only her word to keep silent until I
am allowed to speak." .
J immediately arose and said: "Then I will
be at your home at 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning."
'Make it 11 o'clock," returned Dr. Brown.
I said: "Any hour." "But 11 o'clock will suit
mo better." "I shall be there," lat once re
plied.
The next morning, just as I was about to
Etart for Dr. Brown's residence, I received a
telephone message from him informing me
that he could not see me, as Judge Louderback
was very angry with him lor even proposing
btich a thing.
Of course I did not go, and I had no feeling
in the matter, as the otter had come volun
tarily from Dr. Brown himself, at the meeting
the night previous.
At a subsequent meeting, held one week
from that time, my daughter was character
ized by one of Dr. Brown's ardent followers
as "a smallpox speckled-face creature," and
was told she had better ieave the room. Ij
mention this to show the deep-seated malignity
which manifested itself in some of the adher
ents of I>r. Brown. Nomine in ail this bitter
experience has been so hard for me to bear
as this public insult to my daughter, for rea
sons which I stated to the press the following
day. They are as follows:
Mrs. Doriey Szanik. who, by the way. Is a mem
hor of the First Church, insulted others as well as
i.-s ' oojitr. Tljjs insult hurt Mrs. Cooper deeply.
• It maae It all the harrier lo bear." she said,
"when I remembered what hroiiKl t this sorrow to
oar home. It whs during the lust year of the war,
In 18t>5, when the.Un.on refugees were flockins
Into Memphis. 1 was president of h society in
that city lor the protection of refugees, nd snp
j>Hes of clothing, food and money were aeot to me
for distribution. A poor woman liud come over
from Arkaiuas In an oxcart, with seven little
children. Her husband, a Union man, was
l.ldiug out to cet away from the bushwhackers, as
they were called. Bbe was utterly destitute, and
< .iti'i • to me lor help, fllint; me all her seven chil
dren were (Jown wi:h the measles. It proved to b«
imallpox, and although my darling rhildreu lmd
t«en vaccinated the year before, they were both at
tacked with the dire disease, our baauUfu] little
Mary died— there is her picture now — and precli us
•Jattie was spared to us, the last of four children.
T;i^ is the first time that u cru< 1 taunt has ever
rr b«£ her, and It was in my <rwn church and by a
church l»ea»ber. It Is the hardest of all the hard
things 1 have Sad to bear in this sad, dreadful case.
This is »H I -an «ay. I know Of DOthius more
cruel. It shows tlib >-irit of some of theadheriiiis
of Vr. Brown."
But, after all, I bellev? that a good Provi
dence was in it all, as the climax of this state
ment ill show. On the enduing- morning,
Thursday, February (i, about c o'clock, the
telephone rang, anil in response K« the call
came the following question irom the other
en i of the line:
"iMrs. Cooper, will you let me come and see
>■"■.■.• It is Mrs. Stockton who is speaking."
J told her I should' be glad to t.ee her, and in
the ooam of an hour Mrs. Stockton was seated
In lily library v.ith my daughter and myself.
As soon as she was seated, with much evi
dent OtlOO ■ .■• said: 'Mrs. Cooper, I can
Ktand it no longer to see you abused and vili
fied by one wiiom 1 know is the det-pest-dyeU
hypocrite in San FroncJsco. I wrote you a
'fetter last week and then tore it up ; but, after
thu abuse of last night, I can stand it no
longer. He is a vile hypocrite."
1 interposed the question, "Do you know Dr.
wcnvn to be r bad inuti?" placing strong ein
pliasis on the word ''know." |
"Indeed J d<>," replied Mrs. Stockton, "and
he knows that I know all about him."
'Do ; on. wish to tell me what you know?" I
asked. " i
v. es> " ? he re P lied . l<l came to tell you. I
WlaototeU you because he is so cruel to you
"iia you have always tried to be a friend to
me.
"Dr. Brown," continued Mrs. Stockton, "fol
lowed me persistently while I was in the Sur
veyor s olhce; I found him waiting for me dav
after day in the corridors. The first thing 'l
knew, there would be Dr. Brown. He would
ask me to take a ride with him on the cars or
to go with him somewhere, until his constant
attention was observed by a friend one day
who asked me who he was, I baid ,'lt is Dr.
Brown.'"
Mrs. Stockton entered into full details, which
l will not embody in this statement. They
were of such a character as to convince me
that Dr. Brown should not occupy the pulpit
until a thorough investigation had been insti
tuted and his innocence established beyoud a
douot.
This interview with Mrs. .Stockton lasted
nearly two hours, my daughter being present
all ot the time. During the interview Mrs.
Stockton told me that when she joined ihe
church it was with asinceredesire to be helped
to live a Christian life. With real pathos she
referred to her 1 ittle daughter and said: "I
want to raise my little girl to do right. I love
my little girl and I want her to be good."
Here Mrs. Stockton burst into tears and trem
blod with emotion.
I then said: "I cannot ask you to go with me
before the council and testify. It would be
asking too much..'
Mrs. Stockton replied: "I think I ought to go,
and if you will let me go with you and your
daughter 1 will go and tell them what 1 know
of Dr. Brown."
I pointed out all of the difliculties that she
would have to encounter, but they did not
seem to shake her purpose. She left me with
the avowed wish of going with me to the
council.
1 do not hesitate to say that I believe that
Mrs. Stockton was moved by the Spirit of God
to come to me on that morning, fehe was, I
believe, moved by that same Spirit of ood the
wt-ek betore to write me a letter, which she
did, and, resisting the Spirit, she afterward de
m royed it. But again tne might;, Spirit of (jod
moved her to come and tell me the truth.
Toward the close of the interview Mrs. Stock
ton said: "1 was never so happy as when 1 was
teaching in the kindergarten under your direc
tion. I loved the wore. I loved the little
cnildren and I was happy."
And right here I desire to say that the judg
ment of the world in regard to women is in
sharp and bitter contrast with the judgments
in regard to men. It is all wrons;. And I
further wish to say that 1 stand ready to help
all women who desire to iive a pure and good
life. 1 would forever help them and never
hinder them.
\Vhen I told Dr. Brown, as my minister, in
the sacred confidence mat pertains to that
holy calling, or that should pertain to it, of
the Port Angeles letters which referred to Mrs.
Stockton's unpaid bills in that place, and
when I further suggested that she might be
somewhat gay in demeanor. Dr. Brown ac once
Hiked, "Do you think I have compromised my-
Bell?" I replied, "Oh, no; you are her liiini's
ter, and your motives could not be called into
question." Dr. Brown responded, "But 1 have
been to see her when she was ill and have re
mained for some time, hearing her troubles
and trying to comfort her." I again assured
him that no one could question his motives.
I further stated to him that I had seen both
Mrs. Brown and himself getting on the street
car with Mrs,. Stockton, and mentioned some
nymg rumors, concerning the truth of which
I knew nothing. All that I said was in the
spirit of Christian kindness to all concerned.
i Hore the matter ended, i have never spoken
oi Mrs. Stockton to Dr. or Mrs. Brown from
that time to this, except in response to Mrs.
Brown's paper on the evening of Wednesday,
Jreoruary 5, when she charged me with break
ing up her home by introducing Mrs. Stockton
to Dr. Brown, with all the consequences thai
followed.
It seems to me that such a charge as this is
very unjust. Certainly a minister of the Gos
pel should be one to whom the members of his
church can confidently introduce any and nil
who seek direction anil guidance. A minister's
primal mission is to seek to lead the weak and
wandering ones Dack into the paths of pleas
antr.»ss and peace. A minister s highest vo
cation is. or should be. to seek tne prodigals
and tne wanderers and to Dring them back to
the Father's home. That is what Jesus did,
and no scandal ever attached itself to his de>ir
name in doing this. A minister's character
should be so granitelike in quality, and yet so
kind, as to enable him to minister, as Christ
did, to any and to all who need his ministra
tions. Sinners need it most of all.
Not the righteous, not the righteous,
dinners Jesus came to call.
All ministers and all Christians should be
able to say (to some extent, at least), as did
Jesus, the master, •'The Prince of this world
cometh and hatn nothing in me." iience. it,
seems to me that any minister who censures
another for introducing the weak and wander
ing ones confesses thereby that he is not fitted
for the sacred restorative and puri/y ing work
of those who are called of Ciod to go forth to
seek and to save that which was lost; to be min
isters of Christ to any and all who need them.
lience, I say again, a minister's chief con
cern should be to reach out after the wanderers,
no matter how far they have wandered, and
he should be morally and spiritually strong
enough to donhe work.
Paul tells the story of what a preacher should
be i« his letter to Timotny. He says: "He
must have a good report of them which are
without." This we have a right to desire and
to demand.
The foregoing part of this statement was
flnisoed ar.d placed in the hands, of a type
writer on Saturday morning. February 15. Ou
the evening of Monday, February 17 Mrs.
Stockton spent the evening in my home, tell
ing me, in the presence of my legal adviser, of
the terrible pressure that had been brought to
bear upon her to prevent her from appearing
before this council and testifying against Dr.
Brown. She was told that he' (Dr. Brown)
would put her behind prison bars if she testi
fied. She said: "I would end my life t>efore I
wbuid go to prison." My attorney assured her
that this was only the same style of intimida
tion that had been pract ; ced upon those who
were to testify against Dr. Brown. She said:
"1 long to go before that council and to tell all
I know of that dreadful man."
Just as she left my door, she said: "Mrs.
Cooper. I am determined to do what is right,
I will go to the council and testify in spite of
all the threats of imprisonment that have
been made."
I wish to recall the fact to the minds of the
council that Mrs. Stoctton came to me from
the first of her own free will. She soueht the
interview because she felt she ought to do It.
And now I close this statement. 1 have
spoken plainly. I could not do otherwise. 1
have set down naught in malice. I have done
only that which 1 was compelled to do by my
conscience and my sense of duty. God's voice
was mandatory within me. Idared not dis
obey, no matter what I might be called upon
to suffer. To have faltered would have been
sin. There are two places in this great whirl
ing world that shouli be held sacred. No pro
fane liana should ever be laid upon them— the
home and the church. The chureh wnere we
take our little ones to dedicate them to God;
the church where our fair, pure young
brides pledge their sacred vows;* the
church from which we carry forth our
beloved dead to their last restiiig-place: the
church where we group to hear of Him who is
the way, the truth and the life; the church
where we pledge ourselves to seek Its peace
and prosperity. In doing what I have done I
have endeavored to seek its peace and pros
perity by seeking its purity. First pure, then
peaceable— this is the divine order. I have
done my duty. I have no further responsibil
ity in the matter.
Gentlemen of the council and reverend sirs,
the responsibility now rests with you. May
the God whom we seek- to serve direct us all
with that wisdom which is from above.
Having finished her statement. Mrs.
Cooper was asked to be seated in the wit
ness-chair, in order that she might be ex
amined and cross-examined on her state
ment.
Woodhams— l now introduce as evidence the
letter referred to in the statement of Mrs.
Cooper. Mrs. Cooper, who was that letter
from?
Mrs. Cooper— From Rev. Mr. Coplin.
Did that letter come to jou under cover of
the United States mail?
It did.
The letter was shown to the witness and
she identified it, and Dr. Brown was also
allowed to examine it.
Woodhams— lf Dr. Brown has any motion to
make to strike out any portion of this state
ment that he thinks ought not to go in he can
make it now.
iirown— l would take pleasure in being sworn
right now and in dc-ny ing rII the allegations in
that paper. I would like that portion that re
fers to the personal insult to Miss Cooper
stricken out. It has not the slightest
bearing on the case. Mtss Cooper, ou that
same night, called my wife a liar, trie first time
hhe had ever had such a term applied to her,
and that oueht to go in if such matters aTe to
be considered, but I don't think they ought to
be. I say again, that I would be pleased at
this time to deny every allegation in that
paper.
Woodhams— lt had been mentioned to me
that certain matters that appear irrelevant
would be in the paper, but I was told that they
were used to show the motive for certain ac
tions, such as what induced Mrs. Stockton to
cali C^^Mrs. Cooper. 1 think the whole paper
should .TT made a part of the record, as it can
be considered later.
Mr. Woodharas 1 suggestion was adopted.
Woodhams (to witness)— Did you ever receive
any communication from Miss Overmnn?
Mrs. Cooper— l received the letters referred
to in my statement.
Woodhams (showing witness a letter)— ls this
a letter you rect- ived from Miss Overman?
Mrs. Cooper— My trainer received it from her
and it was given to me.
Woodhams— l file this letter, Mr. Moderator;
that it may be used for tiie purpose of com
paring handwriting at some future time.
Hie letter was submitted to Dr. Brown,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
who passed it to Miss Overman. The lat
ter inspected it and returned it to Dr.
Brown, who informed Mr. Woodhams and
the council that Miss Overman admitted
that the letter had been written by her.
Pond— Mrs. Cooper, will Mrs. Stockton ap
pear before the council and give her testi
mony?
Mrs. Cooper— l hope that she will, and I have
reason to believe that she will.
Parkinson— Who was it that told you, or did
any one tell you, that he saw Mrs. Tunnell
escape out of the back door of Dr. Brown's
residence?
Mrs. Cooper— They did not say that they saw
it. A reporter told me so. Ido net know* who
saw it.
l'ftrkinson— Was it Dr. Brown who applied
that epithet to your daughter?
Mrs. Cooper— lt was Mrs. Szanik.
Parkinson— Did Mrs. Stockton say she went
on these excursions, to which she says she was
invited by Dr. Brown?
Mrs. Cooper— Yes, sir.
Parkinson— Did Mrs. Stockton, Dr. Brown
and Mrs. Brown all pet on the streetcar to
gether at the time referred to in your state
ment?
Mrs. Cooper— All three got on toeether.
Parkinson— Who tried to intimidate Mrs.
Stockton? Dr. Brown?
Mrs. Cooper— l decline to answer.
Tenncy— Did you read the original letters to
Mrs. Junnell, and were you able to compare
them with the letters you had from Miss Over
man?
Mrs. Cooper— I have never seen her letters,
except those I received and hold from Miss
Overman.
Tvnney— Could not a fac-sirnile of her writ
ing have been made by using original letters?
I mean could not these letters have been fab
ricated?
Mrs. Cooper— The facts mentioned in those
letters, their chirography and their style con
\inoeil me of iheir genuineness. I do not
think they could have been manufactured.
Si nk — A reporter told you about Mrs. Tun
nell bei"ng let out of the side door of Dr
Brown's house. Is it possible for the council
to secure the reporter as a witness.
Brown— The defense would also like to call
mm, principally because I have no side or
back door to my house. [Laughter in the
audience.]
Mrs. Cooner— l believe I said entrance.
lirown— There is no side or back entrance.
On the request of one of the members of
the council Mrs. Cooper agreed to make
excerpts from her diary to substantiate
certain statements in her paper.
Sink— Will you give the name of this reporter
to Mr. Woodhams?
Mrs. Cooper agreed to do this and wrote
it on a slip of paper for Mr. Woodhams.
Sink— Were the matters contained in Miss
Overman's letters to you and Mrs. Tunuell
known generally?
Mrs. Cooper— They were known only to mv
self, the trainer of the kindergarten teachers
and my daughter.
Parkinson— Will Mrs. Cooper give us the
name of the person who tried to intimidate
Mrs. .Stockton?
Mrs. Cooper— l would prefer to have Mrs.
Stockton tell that name.
Woodhams— lf Mrs. Stockton should not tes
tify before this council would you be willing to
give that name?
Mrs. Cooper— l would like to consult my at
torney, who was present during all the time
Mrs. Stockton told her story.
Tcnney— lf Mrs. Stockton is not willing to
testily are you willing to testify to what she
told you?
McLean— The council may not wish to hear
it. That is a question that should be settled
by the council— as to whether such testimony
is wanted.
Tenuey— We want facts. We haven't many
yet. *
Mrs. Cooper— lam perfectly willing to give
those facts to the council, but not to an audi
ence.
Woodhams— Can you turn to vour diary in
which the excerpts are which" confirm vour
statement?
Brown— l may save some time by admitting
as true all that the diary explains. I never
denied having received the first letter. The
secona letter I knew nothing of until I re
turned to my home on the evening of February
5. when my wife informed me that she had
read it and considered it insulting and de
stroyed it. I understand that witnesses are to
be brought to prove the allegations in this
statement. I do not understand that we have
any proof before us.
Dr. Brown then asked Mrs. Cooper if
she had not seen the report of the council
which had investigated the Rochester
matter, and she replied that she had, but
did not think that councils could always
be depended upon to find against minis
ters from a desire not to deprive them of
their means of livelihood. But she quali
fied her statement by saying she had com
plete confidence in the existing council.
In response to questions by the accused
pastor she stated she was a3 positive his
son, when he hissed at her, sat near the
piano as she was of anything she averred.
Brown— Have you any objection to stating
what those flying rumors are you referred to
about Mrs. Stockton?
Mrs. Cooper — I think that those things
should be held sacred.
Brown— Do you think it proper for me to
hold sacred what Is used against me by your
self?
Mrs. Cooper— l do not see now it has anything
to do with this matter. I decline to give the
name.
It was some little time before Mrs.
Cooper could be made to understand the
question of Dr. Brown, but she finallv
comprehended it and answered that a
ministerial confidence ought never to be
violated.
Replying to a question by Mr. Wood
hams Mrs. Coocer said that the menace to
Mrs. Stockton came through Dr. Brown
and that she would give the name to the
council, but not to the public. This offer
was accepted. She also promised to give
to the council the name of the person who
told her that Dr. Brown hung around the
corridors of the Surveyor-General's build
ing.
Chairman Hoyt of the committee on
charges announced that it would hold a
meeting for the presentation of further
charges or information concerning Dr.
Brown in the pastor's office to-day at 130
P. M.
The council then adjourned to a secret
session, at which it was determined to
limit future statements to a mere matter
of questions and answers. A possible
exception will be made in the case of Miss
Overman, whom the council think is en
titled to the same courtesy extended to
Mrs. Cooper.
Adjournment was taken until 2 p m to
day.
WALKING THE CARPET.
Two Policemen Fined by the Board of
Police Commissionors Last
Evening.
Policeman W. D. Scott was fined f 100 by
the Board of Police Commissioners last
night for having made a false charge
against Henry Meyer, a groceryman at the
corner of Polk and Grove streets. Meyer
applied for a liquor license, and upon
Scott's representation it was refused. Upon
examination before the board the police
man's charges were not proven.
Policeman Henry A. Madden v was fined
$25 for being absent from his beat, near the
foot of Townsend street. He stated that
he was investigating a call for the police,
but the Commissioners concluded that his
investigations, lasting one hour and twenty
minutes, were too long, and his next
month's salary was clipped.
The McLaughlm case went over till next
Wednesday.
Wliat Makes Conduct Right?
Professor William Henry Hudson of the Ene-
lish department of Stanford University spoke
last night In the hall of the Academy of
Sciences upon the '"Social Aspects of Conduct."
It was the second'of a series of popular lectures
given by the Stanford University Extension
Club. The discussion was mainly upon what
constitutes rightaction and what innkes certain
conduct wrong, and the conclusion was that
moral conduct is that which makes more hap
piness or lesg misery in the world. The speaker
said that at present people do not make a clear
distinction between what is right because it is
morally so, and what is considered right be
cause of some religious command, some social
custom or some legal declaration. The theo
logical, the social and the legal standard of
right is not based upon the idea that certain
conduct is right because it is moral, but simply
because the standard prescribes it. So it was
originally with the theological sanction for
conduct. The code arose from the personal
mandates of some ancestor or chief that in
lime came to be regarded as supernatural pre
cepts. What was commanded to be done whs
considered right; what was forbidden was
wrong.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
This Thursday, February 20, day and even
ing, the Mardi C.ras Ball decorations will be
on view. In the evening there will be a
Pronieuaae Concert. Admission 25c, evening
50c. •
A LABOR AMALGAMATION.
Local Unions May Adopt the Plan
of the Western Labor
Council.
NOW FOR THE SWEATSHOPS.
A Crusade to Be Begun Soon Against
Those Who Make Use of
1 Child Labor.
At the meeting of the Labor Union con
vention last Tuesday. R. T. Mclvor of the
Painters' and Decorators' Union Intro
duced a long resolution from the commit
tee on resolutions and asked that it be
adopted as the platform or declaration of
principles of the convention. It provoked
much discussion and it was finally referred
to a committee, consisting of one delegate
from each union, which was directed to
arrange a platform and resolution and to
formulate a plan for the permanent organ
ization of the new federation.
This committee has not been idle. Its
members have Deen hard at work discuss
ing various forms of organization, and
particularly how all interests can be har
monized so that all will work for a com
mon purpose.
This matter was brought up last night
at the meeting of the American Railway
Union. For the first time since the late
strike the members of this organization
have kept out of sight and rarely has the
attendance been over fifteen, although the
names of over 700 members in good stand
ing appear on the union's roll. Those who
have stayed away from the meetings have
done so for fear ttiut if it became known
that they were affiliating with the A. E. U.
people they would soon be among those
blacklisted. Last night, however, the
meeting hall was Tilled and the movement
was received with the greatest enthusiasm.
As stated, the niunner of how the new
federation shall be placed upon a solid
foundation was discussed, although it was
recognized that the matter is in tiie hands
of the convention's special committee.
The proposition that received the most
favorable consideration and which is be
ing seriously considered by many of the
members of tbe committee is that on
Which the Western Labor Council is based.
Delegate L. K. Stinson in explanation
stated that the Western Labor Council is
an organization of all the trades in Wash
ington, Idaho and Montana. Each State
and Territory has its own central body
which sends its delegates to the general
central body, which meets in Butte, Mont.,
every year. This body passes upon the
qualifications of every candidate for Con
gressional honors, and the candidates
selected are voted for to a man by every
voter in the entire amalgamation. '
The success of this plan is a matter of
record. Candidates for legislative posi
tions are passed upon by the central body
of the State and tiie same course is pur
sued with reference to county and munici
pal selections. The fundamental point is
that whatever the selection be the labor
union men stand by the edict.
Mr. Stinson holds that the same course
can be successfully followed by an amal
gamation of all the unions in Oregon,
California, Nevada and Arizona, and the
proposition is being seriously considered
by the committeemen. He said:
The City organization is the first step. We
will go into politics and stand by the men of
our selection. The A. K. U. men,"TOJ strong,
can control all the way from iive to 100 voters
outside of our union. Thia power of itself will
elect or defeet any candidate in the field, no
matter what party he may belong to. This
movement will be a success, notwithstanding
that there may be a few who are opposed to
radical measures. They will see, however,
that iheir only hope lies in the formation of a
Pacific Coast amalgamation, and that partisan
differences must be buried. 1 feel confident in
saying that the radical and progressive ele
ment in the labor unions in this City will con
trol enough votes to put the workingmen's
candidate to the front, and that is what we are
going to do. /
In Mclyor's resolution was the clause
''Prohibition of the employment of
children of school age and of the employ
ment of female labor in occupations
detrimental to health and nioralitv.
* * * Equalization of women's wages
with those of men where equal service is
performed." A strong movement toward
enforcing the observance of these prin
ciples has already been started by the
leaders of the progressive element. H.
M. Saunders of the Carpenters' has started
the ball in motion. He and T. F. Burns
of the Cigar-maker3\ in comparing notes,
summed up half a dozen "sweatshops"
in this City where children under 14 years
of age are worked hard when they should
be at school. In these same places
women are overworked and poorly paid
until many are breaking down in health.
The places enumerated are principally
factories where cheap clothing is made for
men and boys. Mr. Saunders said:
I believe that there Is a law against child
labor, but it Is full of flaws. What will be done
is to call the attention of the Labor Commis
sioner to these sweatshops, and make the sys
tem so unpopular here as to drive the proprie
tors out of business pr make them reform.
I wili bring this matter before the Building
Trodes Council to-morrow night and have it
taken up by the painters and decorators and
the district council of carpenters at their next
meetings. The delegates to these bodies will
make reports to their unions, and the latter
bodies will give their delegates to the conven
tions instructions upon the matter. We will
break up the system if we have no solid law to
work upon.
The District Council last evening voted
?100 to District Organizer E. O. Malsbury
to go to Sacramento next week and organ
ize the carpenters of that city. It was de
cided to cease patronizing cigar-dealers
who handle cigars made by firms in De
troit employing little children. It also
de< ided to recommend that the carpenters'
unions raise the initiation fee to $10 on
May 1. This is for the purpose of prevent
ing members from leaving the unions dur
ing dull times. On March 7 a social
smoker and reunion cf carpenters will be
held at 115 Turk street, under the auspices
of the council. The committee in charge
thereof are R. B. Ingle, J. Krajewski,
Thomas Done, P. McDonough and J. E.
McVicker.
All of the barbers' organizations in this
City have joined their forces and will make
common cause against any and all vio
lators of the Sunday closing law who shall
keep their places of business open after 12
o'clock on Washington's birthday. Bar"
bers finding any violations will report the
same to an executive committee which
will be in session all of Saturday afternoon
at 120 O'Farrell street, fourth floor.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY.
Preparations for Immense Crowds at
Woodward's Pavilion.
The committee of arrangements of the
St. Patrick's day celebration met last night
in Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth street. John
Mulhern occupied the cliair.
James J. Gildea, J. Rooney and John
Fitzgerald were appointed a committee on
music with instructions to engage bands
for the entertainment.
It was decided to print 10,000 tickets at
50 cents each and 3000 tickets at 25 cents
the latter for children.
Woodward's Pavilion was chosen as the
place for holding the celebration, and there
will be two entertainments, one in the
afternoon and the other at night.
THE GOVERNOR'S TOUR.
He Will Go South and Thoroughly In-
ventigate the Whittler Institution.
Governor Budd will leave the City this
evening, to attend a meeting of the State
Board of Examiners at Sacramento to
morrow. He lids very nearly completed
his tour of inspection of State institutions.
He said yesterday that his next important
work in this Jine would be in the southern
part of the State.
He was asked if the investigation and
inspection of the management of affairs at
Whittier would be unusually diligent, em
bracing an inquiry in detail* regarding the
manner of conducting: that institution.
To this question he replied that he intended
to make a thorough examination there,
and get all the information possible re
garding that institution.
Governor Budd's health is fully restored
and he feels confident of his ability to de
fend the surplus in the State treasury. By
the time the Legislature convenes the sur
plus will amount to $750,000. Several
State institutions are already figuring on
getting a good lift from the funds so abun
dantly provided by the tax levies author
ized by the Legislature at its last session.
AN INSTITUTE REQUIEM.
The Annual Services for Deceased Mem
bers of the Y. M. I. to Be Held
Saturday.
In accordance with its established cus
tom Xznatius Council No. 35 of the Young
Men's Institute will attend an anniversary
requiem solemn hiprh mass, celebrated on
the morning of Washington's birthday,
for the repose of the souls of all deceased
members of that order.
The services will be held at the church
of the Paulist Fathers, St. Mary's, corner
of California and Dupont streets, and will
begin promptly at 9:30 o'clock.
There will be special music for the occa
sion and the choir wili be largely aug
mented, ltev. H. H. Wyman, C. S. P.,
will preach the sermon.
An invitation has been extended to all
relatives and friends of deceased members
of the institute, to members of all local
Catholic societies, and especially to Catho
lic young men, to be in attendance.
VERDICT FOR THE PASTOR.
Claims of Ellen Gallagher's
Heirs Not Accepted by
a Jury.
FATHER NUGENT EXONERATED.
The Rector of St. Rose's Parish Justi
fied in His Transactions With
the Widow.
The trial of the case of P. J. White,
special administrator of the estate of
Ellen Gallagher, against the Rev. Denis
Nugent, pastor of St. Rose's Church, came
to a close yesterday in Judge Hunt's court.
After mature deliberation the jury re
turned a verdict for Father Nugent.
The suit was brought at the instance of
the heirs of Thomas and Ellen Gallagher.
They are Peter and James Collins, Mar
garet Collins, Hannah Kelly and James
McCullom. They sought to recover
$140,000, which they alleged that Father
Nugent, by the exercise of undue influence,
secured from decadent's estate for his own
benefit and of that of the church. Arch
bishop Riordan was made a party to the
suit, as the church property within the
diocese stands in his name.
In his opening statement of tbe case for
the plaintiffs Barclay Herriey said that
Thomas Gallagher died- in January, 1892,
leaving an estate worth $190,000 in stocks]
cash and realty. He lived near Sr. Mary's
Hospital and was on intimate terms with
Father Nugent, whom he nominated as
executor of his will without bonds. His
wife and Kingston were aiso executors,
but Nugent was the active one among
them — ho did all the work practically
alone. Thomas Gallagher left property to
his wife worth $147,000.
In all, the attorney said, Mrs. Gallagher
gave the pastor sums of money aggregat
ing between $130,000 and $150,000. No
written acknowledgments of any Kind
were made concerning these transfers.
These transfers were not known by Galla
gher's heirs until after Ellen Gallagher's
death, and then Father Nugent made it
known.' To be suie, he had some receipts,
but they are not witnessed, and are in his
own handwriting. One of these was writ
ten by him two or three days before the
death of Ellen Gallagher and while she
was on her deathbed. This receipt repre
sents the transfer of no less than $30,000.
She made a will leaving her relatives
several bequests. She had received from
the court since her husband's death $500
or $600 a month, in all amounting to about
$10,000. This was put out to interest, but
what it h;is netted is not known. Mr.
Henley said the plaintiffs would show the
jury that the priest's influence had led
Mrs. Gallagher to forget her own people,
ani that if she had been left to herself she
would have remernhered her kindred.
The defense showed a different state of
affairs, however — that Mrs. Gallagher was
an intensely religious woman, "but pos
sessed of sound mind. She gave the pas
tor about $140,000 to build a church and
rectory in St. Rose's parish. At the same
time she gave $30,000 to relatives. It was
shown that she was simply carrying out
the proposition long before understood
between her husband and herself.* Her
husband used to say that the property
was not his but was really held in trust,
and he wanted it to go back to God, from
whom it came, and to charity.
It was proved that Mrs. Gallagher was
imbued with the same spirit and that she
had an ambition to build the parish
church, while her name was to have been
withheld until the dedicatory ceremony.
The fight fo r the money came from rela
tives of Mrs. Gallagher living In Philadel
phia. Members of her family in this City
were on the other side— the defense— as
witnesses and testified favorably for the
pastor. Their evidence was corroborative
of his statements, and, besides, Mrs. Gal
lagher's attorneys, Jones & O'Donnell,
testified that the disposing of the property
was legal and regular.
BLOOMER GIRLS SUBSIDE.
Closing Up of the Dunce Hall Where
Trousers Were Worn.
"Bloomer Hall" is a thing of the past.
That is the place on Grant avenue wnere
girls danced, served drinks ana tended to
wants of patrons who cared to try their
skill at the shooting gallery or in the bowl
ing alley.
The place created a furor when it opened,
the bloomer girls being the main attrac
tion. This soon died out and "Minnesota
Harry," the proprietor, whose real name
is John A. Folster, was crowded to the
wall by his creditors.
He quit the place last evening and has
been in hiding where deputy sheriffs could
not rind him. In his place a black-eyed
Spanish woman who gave her name as
Minnie Le Roy held forth and acknowl
edged service of legal papers. The first
service was on an attachment by John H.
Dow for $200. Later C. F. Humphrey, at
torney for Bader & Fincke, served papers
on a claim for $58 35.
Driving on the Boulevard.
The drivers of heavy vehicles arrested on
Tuesday for violating the ordinance declaring
Golden Gate avenue a boulevard had their
cases dismissed in the Police Courts yesterday
with a warning that il they appeared again
they would be heavily fined. Twenty more ar
rests were made yesterday.
The iron pen mentioued by Job in the
book of that name in the Bible is supposed
to have benn a steel graver used for in
scriptions on stone.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
NEWSreINQiooODS
AND GRAND WIND-UP OF OUR
GREAT MIDWINTER CLEARANCE
■
As an extra inducement to an immediate inspection of the First Ship-
ments of New Spring Styles and Novelties in Oress Fabrics on exhibition
this week, as well as to make room for the vast importations yet in transit,
we are holding a GRAND FINAL CLEARING OUT of all Winter Goods of
every description, which we have marked down to figures corresponding
with the following SACRIFICE PRICES
TO FORCE THEM OUT THIS WEEK WITHOUT FAIL!
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
. jAjt 25 Co3ite3.
87 pieces 39-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS, newest spring shades, good valu«
for 50c, will be closed out at 25c a yard.
j£\jt SO Cents.
57 pieces 50-INCH PINHEAD CHECK SUITING, in grays, tans and brown effects,
will be closed out at 50c a yard. *
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
J\-t 5O Cents.
2 cases 39-INCH SUPERIOR LUSTER ENGLISH FIGURED MOHAIRS, reduced
from 75c to 50c a yard. . V; " :
-A-t 75 Cents.
2 cases 54-INCH ALL PURE-WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE, reduced from $1 26
to 75c a yard. ' >>;
SILK DEPARTMENT.
-A-t 75 Cents.
20 pieces BLACK FIGURED DUCHESSE SATIN, neat designs, extra good Yalue for
$1, will be closed out at 75c a yard.
EMBROIDERIES! EMBROIDERIES!
.A.t 5 Cents a. TZT«,rci.
100,000 yards CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular value 10c.
.A-t 1O Cents £\ Yard.
100,000 yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY
regular value 20c. , *
-A.t IS Cents *x "y**,x*ci..
50,000 yards' CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY
regular value 25c. UVVZ-'A
y\.t 2O Cents ix 7tT«.x-d.
50,000 yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY
regular value 40c. '
GLOVES! GLOVES !
•W A.t 45 Cents.
2000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, in mode, tan and slate Bbades, regtw
lar value $1, will be closed out at 45c a pair.
NOTE.— We are clearing out the balance of our GIGANTIC PURCHASE of
CLOAKS AND SUITS at PRODIGIOUS REDUCTIONS preparatory to the arrival ot
our New Spring Stock. " '
/ ffl/iljr^^ UPtni' BUTLDUfQi ff
(/(/ iarlsl Street, comer of Johbs, /
jg* ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
i Out To-Day! |
jr "The «torv-telllng hit of the ♦
* century."— Phila. Call. <+>
<J "Most fascinating five cents' "#
♦ -worth on earth."— Uoston Post. «g.
» ■ «
The Black Cat |
,$, ion MARCII v
* . '. ,J
♦ '
♦ CONTAINS: 4
•^ AN ORIGINAL , . ♦
£ ThrJLUlng |
| Detective Story! I
S . *
|H AN ORIGINAL 4'
♦ Up-to-Date |
I Ghost Story! |
fa AN ORIGINAL <£'
* No-Diagram |
J Love Story! |
» ' f
fa / AN ORIGINAL <f
♦ Startling |
J Society Story! %
♦■ • - ■ : . ■ *
> AN ORIGINAL .. ..«i<
* Architectural ■■•*
% Mystery Story ! %
fa ....'.. S^
fa Gaptivating! Copyrighted I ♦
*" •?'■ Complete! *
* ____ ■ ' *
| All for r"\ Cents. |
♦ %*^
*V" : ; ■ ■ ' ■ • ♦'
T Of Newsdealers. If yours hasn't It, and J:
<y won't get it for you, get another news- Jj
fa dealer, Jf you haven't a denier send us *»'
,fti stumps for the ,- -•• . ■ ■ : '.i*>
» ".Most fascinating five cents' worth on Jsj
'T earth." j»
'» Address: The Shortstory Puhllshing *
t> Company, Boston, Mass. t£<
cosno:oi»oijiTA.3Nr,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 aud 10'2 Fifth St., . ban
> ran Cisco, Cal — The most select family hotel in
the city. Board aud room, 1, $1 25 tvn'l $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Kooms, 50c
and 75e a day. Free coach to and from " the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the L'oi-
tnopolltan Hotel. WM. FAiIKV, Proprietor.
MBBZSSBZ! WIIiCOX COxUPOUND
TTANSY® PILLS
Mmwi 8 * 16 "" 180118 ' Always reliable. Take
noeubstltute. Forsalebyalldrucßists. «2.«0. eend
4c. for Woman' tSqfetniard. wn.cox spfcifio
1 CO., 2M SOUTH iIIUUTH ST., VHXLAr/i.i'A.
D A 7' A A D • 'W
DA£AAi\
THAT
TRUSS=FRAME
MEANS ,
THE "FOWLER!"
'96 MODELS
NOW IN.
J51333 THE 'O6
FOWLER TANDEM
JUST RECEIVED.
AGEITS WAITED 11 EVERY CITY, i
. AGENTS ALSO
FOB THE
"BEN-HUR,"
The Best Bicycle Made
FOR $85.00.
BICYCLE REPAIRING A SPECIALTY
Full Line of Bicycle Sundries
at Lowest Prices.
.ft"4RNYSt
T STHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUB
J-eyes and tit them to Spectacles or Ey«glusa«.
with lnstrumeau ot hli - own laventloa, wuo«
•operlonty h&a not been equaled. M/*UQO«MiUa
Man due to the merits of my worK. i
_ OUice Hours— lS to ±p. «.___
NOTARY PUBLIC.
i^iHAELES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOBNEY-A*
\J law and Notary Public, 688 Murtet St., opp»
Bite Palace Hotel. Itesidence, 1620 Fell «t. '1 el»
phone 670. Keaidence telephon* "Pine 25t1."
HEALTH RESORTS.
tHE^fTnE lesisasitarujS
111L M. iltiiLbM Mill I AILIUjI,
ST. HELENA, NAPA COUNTV, CAL.
A RATIOML HEALTH RESORT!
Send for Circular.
910
GOVERNOR BUDD
AND THE REGENTS
Plain Talk About the De
signs for Affiliated
Colleges.
COST OF THE BUILDINGS.
Report of Expert Architects
Sharply Criticized by
the Governor.
THE PLANS RECOMMENDED.
Designs Presented by Krafft and Cur
lett Received Favorable
Report.
There was a breezy session of the Board \
of Regents of the University of California I
at the Mark Hopkins Institute yesterday
afternoon. The business on hand which
engrossed so much attention was the re
port of consulting architects on various ;
plans presented far the arliliated colleges. !
Governor Budd presided and took an
active interest in the proceedings through- j
out the sessions. When Secretary Bonte
called the roll the following named regents |
responded : The Governor, Speaker Lynch, j
State Superintendent of Schools Black. C. |
F. Crocker. A. S. Hallidie, T. G. Puelps, \
George T. Marye, Columbus Bartlett, Gen- j
era! Houghton, .1. Went Martin, Albert ;
Miller, President Kellogg, J. B. lteinstein, \
Judge Slack, Regent Chase, Arthur Rodgers j
and J. A. Wayruire.
As soon as the assembled regents squared
themselves at the table for business the
secretary was requested to produce the re
port submitted by Architects Clinton Day,
Albert Pissis and Walter Mathews. The
report discusses the plans in their alpha
betical order and presents the following
conclusions:
In conclusion : We consider that the best ele
vationß are those presented by William Curlett,
and they would form a very imposing and
monumental group of buildings.
We are further of the opinion that the group
which, if carried out, would best serve the pur
poses intended and would make the best and
most commodious buildines is, without doubt,
the one furnished by Messrs. KratVt, Martens &
Coffey, which we place at the head of the list.
As to cost, we will state that in ordinary
practice the cost of buildings is governed
tolely by the price of labor ana material, and
the quantity of each required in any building.
We can, therefore, take It for granted that to
corer the same surface -of ground with build
ings of the same character, built of tiie same
material, the cost will be the same. Judging
from that standpoint, we find that the designs
<.i Messrs. KrafTc, Martens 4t Coffey and oi Mr.
Sutton are. in our opinion, the most econom
ical of those presented, being about equal as to
cost. Next ingner would be the design or Mr.
Curlett. Messrs. Pelton & McDougail's design
Veing highest, the greater surface covered by
the buildings of Messrs. McDougall being off
set by the more costly architectural feature of
Mr. l'elton's production.
We also rind that the buildings of Messrs.
Krail't. Martens it Coffey and oi Mr. Sutton do
not contain more than is required by the
printed circulars, and that the space in'both
those designs has been thoroughly utilized;
that is to say, we do not think, that the re
quirements could have been fulfilled in
■mailer buildings.
Haying computed the probable cost of the
erection of the buildings shown by these two
designs, we lind that the construction of either
group would far exceed the full amount of the
appropriation. Respectfully submitted,
Ai.Kci'.T i'ispis,
Clinton DAT,
Walter J. Mathbws.
The subject of cost was immediately in
troduced, which led to a discussion be
tween Attorney Mhoon of the board and
tiovernor Budd as to whether the architect
was not bound by the law to give a suili
cient bond to guarantee the construction
ol tbe buildings within the limit of cost
specified.
The Governor embraced the opportunity
to cite the construction of the Stockton
Free Library as an example of a fine
building completed according to cost esti
mates submitted by Architect Pelton, al
though other architects had proclaimed to
the Stockton authorities that the work
could not be done for anything like the
Bum mentioned by Mr. Pelton. The figure
which "cut some ice" in this case was
?T>o,ooo.
In a communication to the Regents Mr.
Curlett announced that two responsible
contractors had figured on his plans. One
was willing to give a bond to construct the
buildings for $1'20,000. The other esti
mated that the cost would be $242,000.
.1. West Martin mentioned that Albert
Pissis was present and would cast some
light on the problem of cost. The Regent
thought if the session was executive Mr.
Pissis might explain in detail to the board
the method adopted to estimate the cost.
The Governor remarked that Mr. Me-
Dougall had made an estimate ot cost in
detail.
Regent Crocker said tliat it was the in
tention that all the architects should make
careful estimates of cost.
Regent Timothy Guy Phelps was anxious
to go into executive session.
The Governor inquired in a manner
which seemed frank and ingenuous, al
though the language was somewhat sig
nificant, "Is it the custom of the board to
go into executive session?"
Colonel Crocker indicated that he pre
ferred an open session if Mr. Pissis did not
object.
(■overnor Budd — I should prefer when
discussing the question of spending public
money to have the session public.
For an instant there was a perceptible
change in the light of the room, caus&d by
a simultaneous blush.
Inaudible talk, obviouslv in the cause of
executive session, followed.
The motion was made by Mr. Hallidie
or Mr. Martin to go into executive ses
sion, and. being seconded by Timothy Guy
Phelps, the Governor put it. A decided
majority voted in the atlirruative. Mr,
Crocker voted against the motion.
A- the reporters, ieeling that their
departure would afford relief were about
to vanislj-, the Governor signified thatthev
could remain if Mr Pissis, the architect,
did not object, and they remained.
Architect Albert Pissis did not seem to
be embarrassed by the presence of news
paper people and replied distinctly to
many questions addressed to him by the
Governor and other regents. According
to his explanation ttie committee of archi
tects did not go into a detailed examina
tion of cost, but calculated from the
ground space covered that decent build
ings could not be constructed for the sum
estimated — J2SOIMJ.
Governor Budd referred with evident
local pride to tbe Stockton Free Library
building a* a monument of grace anil
beauty, and ne renewed the assertion that
skilled architects had said that it could not
be built for $50,000, yet the designing
architect completed it for $30,008. Frmn
this example iresh in his mind and ob
viously impressed by a mental image of
the beautiful edifice the Governor reasoned
that general opinions of architects were of
no value unless sustained by detailed esti
mates of cost for wood, brick and building
material of all kinds.
Regent Albert Miller believed in exact
ing from the architect whose plans should
be accepted a sufficient bond to construct
the building at a cost not to exceed the
appropriation of $250,000.
tieueral Houghtou asked Mr. Pissis
how much the buildincs would cost
according to the estimates of the consulting
architects.
Speaking for himself. Mr. Pissis said he
placed the cost at $310,000.
To the Governor the architect said,
"We knew that cheaper material than
common brick would be used."
Then arose the vexed question whether
Roman brick would not show stains and
discolorations. The Governor asked if the
regents could show any building in San
Francisco constructed of brick of this de
scription which was not disligured by
stains.
Colonel Crocker remarked that the
Roman brick in the Towne residence was
not marred by stains.
Governor Budd expressed his displeas
ure at the insufficiency of the report from
the consulting architects. He wanted the
cost specified in detail. He said: "I will
not surrender my judgment to such a re
port aa this. 1 tell the regents now that if
the Dlans do not meet my judgment I will
nut approve them when they come before
meat Sacramento."
Regent Reinstein — We should have some
one here to point out defects in all the
plans.
(■overnor Budd — That is what* l propose
to have. There is no information to my
mind in this report of expert architects.
Why are they not here? 1 understood
everything was cooked and prepared for
us to eat, but I see that even the hare has
not been caught.
Regent Miuer explained that no notice
was given to the architects requesting
them to be present. He moved, as a solu
tion of the question, that the secretary be
requested to ask the architects if they
could give bonds to complete the buildings
for $250,000.
General Houghton said if the consulting
architects were called before the board
that it would be found that they had gone
far enough by cubic feet measurement,
which architects employed, to rind that
the work could not be done for $250,000.
Governor Budd — I think this board has
a right to ask all about the detects. This
committee of expert architects has thrown
out two plans simply on account of cost.
Mr. McDougr.ll presented an idea in his
design which escaped all notice of the
committee.
It was resolved, after further talk, in
which Architects Krafft and Sutton partici
pated in replying to questions, that the
meeting should adjourn until 10:30 a. m.
to-day.
Architects Albert Pisais, Clinton Day and
W'aJter Blatuews will be informed of this
meeting with a request to attend.
The Governor remained at the institute
until evening examining the plans, par
ticularly the space for admitting light.
He measured the plan3 with a rule and
generally fortified himself with informa
tion for to-day's session.
MAY CAUSE A BATE WAR
The Southern Pacific Company's
Breach of Contract
Resented.
Troops Transported at Cut Rates Over
the Sunset Route to Cheat
Western Lines.
The Western Passenger Association,
which has its headquarters at Chicago and
in which all the railways engaged in trans
continental business west of the Mississippi
are supposed to be united, is in a ferment
over what some members claim to be a
breach of the compact.
The association was organized and nas
been maintained for the purpose of keep
ing up passenger rates across the contin
ent, and one of its most active members
was i he Southern Pacific ComnaDy of
Kentucky. Its aim was to have all the
railways in the combine work for mutual
interests that profits might be secured on
every possible occasion by thus working in
harmony.
A dispatch in The Call of yesterday
contains the information that this har
mony was a tiling of the past, or in other
words that certain railway companies in
Colorado have risen in their anger with a
protest against the Southern Paciiic of
Kentucky.
These Chicago-Colorado lines have been
lett out in the cold by Huntington and his
managers exactly as the Central Pacific
has been shunned of late in the interest of
the Sunset route.
The trouble all came about over the
trainload of sailors and soldiers which re
cently passed over the Sunset route be
tween New York and San Francisco. The
Southern Paciiic made an arrangement
with an Eastern seaboard line at very
moderate terms to carry the special mili
tary trains from New York to New Or
leans via Portsmouth, ami the company
did the rest by taking the sailors and
marines over its southern line at greatly
reduced rates. Through the combination
it was possible to convey the men at prices
much below the Transcontinental Associa
tion standard, and at those figures a con
tract was made with the Government for
the transportation of the troops.
General Passenger Agent Goodman of
the Southern Paciiic explained yesterday
that no rule of the transcontinental com
pact had been violated. Before the con
tract to transport the military was entered
into, tlie president of the association was
notified, and at the same time he was
asked to Rive an opinion on the subject.
The president replied by telegraph that
the Southern Pacific Company could make
the contract, and so it was understood that
the association had given its permission
for this special case.
The Chicago-Colorado lines viewed the
matter in quite another light when they
learned that business, which should have
come to them. were the association's agree
ment lived up to, had been diverted over
the Southern route. A vigorous protest
followed, and a meeting of the association
was held in Chicago Tuesday to consider it.
Representatives of the Chicago-Colorado
lines demanded that notice be served on
the Southern Pacific to discontinue such
practices. Those roads insisted that pas
sengers should not be taken half way
round America simply to evade the asso
ciation's rules and thereby escape from
the agreement on rates, they also held
that it was a clear case of violation of their
rights under the compact. Business was
taken from them by a 'subterfuge, they say,
and as the midland lines have accordingly
lost money in consequence, it is claitaed
by railroad men that trouble is sure to
ensue. Should the tactics be repeated by
the Southern Pacific, the midland roads
have announced they will break up the as
sociation and institute a war on passenger
rates into California if necessary.
"This is nothing more nor less than an
other instance of the Southern Pacific of
Kentucky diverting business from the
Central Pacific," said a railroad ticket
agent of one of the Western roads j-es
terday on the street. "The special rate
could not be made on -the central route
without giving some of the money to the
Western lines, so the Kentucky corpora
tion went to work and connived with the
East Coast air line to carry troops from
New York to New Orleans to connect with
its own road there on a cheap basis. It
was only a Southern Pacific trick to beat
the association.
"The other roads ought to have known
better than to enter into an agreement
with the Southern I'acltic on any proposi
tion. The Southern Pacific could not keep
a contract, anyhow. It will do the worK
and make explanations and excuses after
ward; and what are you going to do
about it?"
Very Awkward Indeed.
This is precisely the kind of mistake a man
makes if he "turns out" on the wrong side of the
road when a vehicle comes toward him. No less
atisurd is the error of the individual who takes
drastic medicines to relieve his liver. That organ
is on the right side, and the road to its relief is
Hostetter's stomach Bitters, a medicine also
adapted to the relief of dyspepsia, constipation,
kidney and rheumatic uilmems and malaria.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
WILL ERECT A STATUE.
Noble Project of the Balfe-Moore
Club in Honor of Irish
Genius.
DISCUSSED BY ITS PRESIDENT.
The New Literary Organization Would
Like to Place a Monument in
the Park.
The Balfe-Moore Club, it now transpires,
has a noble object in vie «f— distant, how
ever, that prospect may be— and one which
has not yet appeared in the preamble of the
society. It is still as an unwritten project,
although not a single member has been
found whose opinions are not in entire
harmony with the idea. Many of the more
intensely patriotic Irishmen, who form the
leading ranks of this club, look upon the
subject with longing for its realization.
For they are desirous of seeing a monu
ment in enduring bronze, a marble to per
petuate the name of the Balfe-Moore Club,
as well as do honor to two of their illus
trious countrymen.
The project, briefly stated, is to erect a
monument in Golden Gate Park to Moore
and Balfe or to Goldsmith, Grat:an or
some other great Irishman. And further
this statue must be a work of art that
would adorn the park and be an object of
interest to visitors of all nations.
Among tiiose members of the club who
are specially interested in the monument
is James 1). Pbelan. Mr. Phelan's name
is so associated with every movement in
San Francisco looking toward the ad
vancement of art or adding to the beauti
fying of the City that nis support and
sympathy are regarded by other members
of the club with feelings oi much encour
agement.
J. J. O'Brien is another leading member
of the club who will do all he can to pro
mote the idea of a grand monument, for he
would like to see it a reality in the people's
pleasure-ground as a mark of honor to his
illustrious countrymen. Rev. D. 0. Crow
ley, Thomas R. Bannerman, Jeremiah
Mahoney, Dr. O'Toole and others, all
leading spirits of the Balfe-Moore Club,
are right in line with the rest for the same
object.
The idea has not been formally discussed
as yet, but then the Balfe-Moore Club is a
mere infant, with an auspicious beginning
in the world and a brilliant literary and
musical career before it. And so, like the
development of ths club itself, this monu
ment project can grow only with time. It
has been mentioned more than once, how
ever, when members of the club met, and
consequently, for all practical purposes, it
has already assumed pretty definite form.
It was discussed last evening by Thomas
R. Bannerman, president of the club. He
said :
"There is a settled conviction among
many of the members that one of the ob
jects of the Balfe-Moore Club in the near
future is to undertake the raising of a
monument to Moore and Balfe, or Gold
smith, or some other illustrious Irishman.
The individual, of course, is a matter to
be decided by the club. We feel that the
park authorities and the people would be
pleased to see a statue to one, or, perhaps,
two, of these men of genius in Golden Gate
Park, since it would be a noble ornament
of itself and a fitting tribute from the
Celtic people of this City to Celtic emi
nence 111 art and letters.
"Just the same we would like to see
monuments to Longfellow, Washington Ir
ving, Bryant or oilier great Americans, as
these statues tend to cultivate an interest
in the graces and lead men into a closer
knowledge of the accomplishments of
American gen mis.
"For my own part I have no doubt but
that if the matter of a monument to Moore
and Balfe was undertaken by the respon
sible men of our young society it would
soon be realized. From the immense au
dience last night and from the gratifying
reception to the initial meeting of the
club we tind more encouragement almost
than I can express, and this is enough en
couragement lor us to go ahead with the
ultimate idea of a noDle statue to our
country "s genius. I do not speak for the
club in this matter, but my opinions upon
it are those of many of my associates.
"For a plan of action I would suggest a
series of concerts similar to what' we had
last night, and then by depositing the
money received in a fund, even though it
took some years, we would in the end have
our desires accomplished. We would not
aim to draw upon the generosity of the
masses of our people. The club itself is
not intended to be a popular organization.
Its membership is limited to men of taste
and the ability of accomplisning the ob
ject of the clun. We propose to give balls
and reunions periodically, and by keeping
such a fund as many of ray associates
favor for a monument, the project, once
undertaken, we feel sure, would inspire
our people with enthusiasm in the move
ment and stimulate them to support the
cause."
David Costello, an active worker in the
Balfe-Moore Club management, said: "I
am heartily in accord with everything Mr.
Bannerman says, and I would give my
personal services with the greatest pleas
ure to carry out the grand idea. Every
Irishman should be proud to have an op
portunity of lending a hand in this pro
ject. Our Cerrnan fellow-citizens have set
a good example. They will have a splen
did monument to Goethe and Schiller, and
I believe the cost will not exceed $10,000.
Now, surely we can do as well as that, for
if we set about it once in the right way
$10,000 or so would not be long forth
coming.
IRISH SONGS AND POEMS.
Brilliant Pirst Night of the Balfe-Moore
Club.
The Balfe-Moore Club held a most enjoy
able open session Tuesday night at Metro
politan Temple. A pleasant feature of the
affair was a well-selected programme of
Irish airs rendered by various well-known
vocalists, Dr. A. E. Regensberger's fantasia
of Irish airs on the violoncello being spe
cially deserving of mention.
Midway in the concert programme Will
iam Greer Harrison delivered a most inter
esting lecture on "Balfe and Moore."
"Poetry," said Mr. Harrison, "is just
one heart talking to another, and music is
the same thing in another way.
"Speaking generally," he proceeded,
"poetry and music, specially considered,
may be taken as the evidences of a na
tion's literary progress. The civilization
of a nation is measured by it's literature.
The poetry and music of any nation will
correspond to its literature. Indeed,
poetry is the favorite child of literature,
and music seems to be an evolution of the
poetical faculty. In speaking, therefore,
of Celtic poetry and music we must tirst
look to Celtic literature and take its
measure.
"Owing to the desire of the Celtic race to
discover and present to the world absolute
proofs of its past greatness, various
scholars gave to the literary universe a
wealth of material, which has caused
numbers of distinguished scholars to de
vote their lives to a complete and ex
haustive study of Celtic literature. But
let us glance hastily at what that litera
ture comprises. We take, first, the 'An
nals of the Four Masters, 1 ' contained
in seven large quarto volumes of 4215
paees; then we have ttie great vellum
manuscript books belonging to Trinity
College, Dublin, and to the Royal Acad
emy, such as the book of Leinster, the
book of Le Cain and others, having suf
ficient material to fill nearly 12,000 pages.
Other niauuscriptß in Trinity College and
the Royal Academy have matter enough
to fill auout 40,000 pages.
"This mass of literature naturally falls
into several divisions. There are tales,
historic and imaginative, which refer to
love, to Battles, voyages, sieges, expeai
tions, banquets, elopements, etc. Then
would follow the annals, giving us the
dates of the foundations of churches and
castles, the obituaries of notable person
ages, the coronations of kings, the battles
of chiefs, the conquests of clans, and the
ages of bards, abbots and bishops.
"Following this, came the pedigrees,
genealogies and martyrologies, which con
tain traditions committed to writing at a
period when the ancient customs of the
Celtic people were unbroken. In these
ancient works was a mass of poetry which
Thomas Moore translated and adapted
into English verse. Michael William Balfe,
delighted with these ancient songs,
collected them and used them in his
operatic works, notably in 'The Bohemian
Girl.' Singly and together, thfesetwo men
have done "much for Celtic poetv and
music, eriving each art a place in the world
of song and letters."
The remainder of the programme was as
follows :
Remarks, T. R. Bannennan, president; organ
selections (Balfe), K. J. Harrison ; tenor solo,
"There Is a Flower" (Wallace), W. J. O'Brien;
cello, "Fantasia of Irish Airs" (Paque), Dr. A.
K. Regensburger; contralto solo, "Silent, O
Moyle" (Moore), Mrs. Carroll-Nicholson; read
ings "A MelaioKiie Upon National Music"
(Moore), Miss F. M. Estabrook; soprano solo,
"Tho' the Last Glimpse of Erin" (Moore), Miss
Millie Flynn; piano, 'Irish Diamonds" (Pape),
Miss Florence Burke; vocal quartet, "Come
Back to Erin" (Claribel). Mrs. Carroll-Nichol
son, Miss M. Sullivan. D. Manlloyd, 6. V. Wood;
bass solo, "A Father's Early Love" (Wallace),
harp accompaniment, G. V. Wood; narp,
"The Last Rose of Summer" (Moore), Miss
M. L. Klmball; tenor solo, "Let Me Like a
Soldier Fall," by request (Wallace), D. Man
lloyd; cornet solo, "Killarney" (Balfe), A. P.
Black; soprano solo, "Meeting of the Waters"
(Moore), Miss M.Sullivan; violin, "The Harp
That Once Through Tara's Halls" (Moore), J.
H. Kay ton; vocal trio. "Through the 'World"
(Balfe), Miss M. Flynn, D. Manlloyd, G. V.
Wood; orpan, "St«r-sp«vngied Banner," R. J.
Harrison; Sidney Hopecroft, accompanist.
The proceeds of the concert were given
to the Sisters of the Holy Family of St.
Charles parish.
NO CLEW TO THE ROBBERS
The Man With the Sack Sup
posed to Have Jumped on
a Passing Car.
Cashier Hopkins and Accountant Hay.
hurst Completely Unnerved by
Their Experience.
The police so far are absolutely without a
clew to the identity of the three robbers
who held up Cashier Hopkins and Ac
countant Hayhurst of the Market-street
Bank on Tuesday morning and stole $3600.
Detectives made all possible inquiry
yesterday with a view lo ascertaining if |
any one had seen the robbers leave the |
bank with their booty, but without success. !
It is the general belief that the man '
with the sack jumped on a passing cable- :
car, a? a car passes the bank about every
thirty seconds either to or from the ferry. I
A large number of people impelled by |
curiosity visited the bank yesterday and
took a morbid interest in examining the !
mark made by the bullet on the top rail of
the counter.
President Lillis is not in the least wor
ried about the loss of the money, but tie is
exceedingly anxions to Ret his eyes upon
■the three robbers. This is not the only
kink in which he has a controlling inter
est, lie practically owns the Ban* of
llanford, the Bank, of Lenioore and the
Bank of Oroville.
"You can say for me," said Captain Lees
last night, "that the bank robbery was a
trenuine one, and had been carefully
planned. I have known President Lillis
for many years and have had business
with him before. He is the great cattle
king and one of the wealthiest men in the
State. I do not know the cashier or ac
countant, but Mr. Lillis told me that he
had such confidence in them that he would
trust them with every cent he was pos
sessed of, and that was saying a great
deal."
The captain said he had no new infor
mation to give, but he was picking up all
the points he could get. He had Account
ant Hay hurst with him last night for some
time, but the accountant had verj' little to
add to what has already been published.
Both cashier and accountant were some
what unnerved yesterday after they began
to realize the narrow escape they had from
being shot by the robbers.
"If it had not been that the bars of the
vault were thrown out," said Hayhurst,
"we would have been locked up in the
vault and the probability is we would have
been suffocated before "help reached us.
They tried three times after driving us
into the vault to close the doors, but the
bars prevented it. Then it was that we
heard one of the robbers say, 'We had bet
ter kill them.' We thought our time had
come sure enough, and it was a great re
lief when we heard them going away."
EMMET'S BIRTHDAY.
It Will Be Celebrated by the Knight's
of the Keil Branch on nn Ex
tensive Scale.
The committee of arrangements of the
Robert Emmet birthday celebration met
at K. R. 11. hall last night. There was a
general meeting of the Knights, and it was
followed by a committee meetine. There
was a large turnout of the members of the
society and great enthusiasm prevailed.
A large number of seats have already
been taken for the exercises at Metropoli
tan Hall on Wednesday evening, March 4.
John P. Finerty of Chicago will be the ora
tor of the occasion and there will be Irish
music and Irish songs.
The committee decided last night to en
tertain the visiting lecturer by a banquet
at which many of the leading Irishmen of
the City will be invited to be present.
There is every reason to believe that the
celebration will be the most successful ever
held on Emmet's birthday in San Fran
cisco.
WILL EMPLOY FIVE CLERKS.
Registrar Hlnton Preparing for the
Coining Primary Election.
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday authorized Registrar Hinton to
emplov five clerks to begin the work of
preparing for the primary elections that
take place on March 31 next. Though
the decision of the Supreme Court regard
ing the constitutionality of the primary
election law has not yet been handed down
the Commissioners decided that to delay
further would be to run the risk of being
behind hand with the preparations. Mr.
Hinton was instructed to make all haste in
preparing the lists of electors from which
will be chosen the names of those who
will serve ns election officers.
He was also instructed to get the ballot
boxes ready and secure polling places.
A resolution was passed requesting all
political parties desiring to hold a conven
tion under the law to send in their peti
tion to the boaTd as required by section
2of the primary election law before the
Ist of March.
Died From Natural Causes.
Mamie Pease, the young woman who was
taken from her home, at 42 Turk street, to the
City and County Hospital on the 18ih inst.,
supposedly suffering from the effects of a crimi
nal operation, died yesterday afternoon. The
body was taken to the Morgue and an autopsy
held by Dr. J. B. Barrett. The ajtopsy re
vealed the fact that the girl had died from
natural causes.
BODD ON COL. HARRINGTON
The Governor Is Not Conscience-
Keeper to His Judge Advo
cate General.
THE COLONEL IN KENTUCKY.
Harrington of Colusa Vigorously Pleads
the Railroad Cause in Ken
tucky's Capital.
Lawyer and "Colonel" John T. Har
lington of Colusa is in Frankfort, Ken
tucky, opportunely so for Collis Persistent
Huntington, and appears to be improving
his visiting time by constituting himself a
formidable champion of the Southern
Pacific Company in the pending fight in
the Kentucky Legislature over the bill
providing lor the repeal of the franchise
of the Southern Pacific Company.
Mr. Harrington seems to see his duty to
Colusa County and to the State, whose
government he represents to the extent of
being judge advocate general on Governor
Budd's staff, in a defense of the benign
railroad company and the charter which it
managed to get from an Eastern State in
which it could have no other interest, so
that it might in some measure be treed
from the jurisdiction of the State courts to
which it was properly beholden.
Harrington first saw the light and the
little red schoolhouse in the neighborhood
of Frankfort, Kentucky, and since the
Kentucky Legislature has convened he
has appeared there for the first time in
over thirty years to r.-visit the scenes of
his boyhood. He looms up In the Ken
tucky capital as Colonel John T. Harring
ton of California, judge advocate general
on Governor Budd's staff. That adds
weight to his eloquent and ringing words
to the members of the Kentucky Legisla
ture.
The appearance in Kentucky's capital of
the judge advocate general on Governor
Budd's staft, while he acts as an attorney
for the railroad company and declares that
he voices the sentiments of the people of
California, is a matter concerning which
Governor Budd's ideas of the propriety of
it are of pertinent interest. Governor
Budd was asked about Colonel Harring
ton's railroad operations yesterday. In
his reply the Governor spoke with his
usual frankness and vigor, saying in effect
three things: That he was not before ac
quainted with Colonel Harrington's atti
tude on the Southern Pacific question,
that he did not know that he was respon
sible for Harrington's private views on the
matter, and that he wa.s unwilling to say
what he might or might not think, or do if
circumstances should bring the matter
more definitely to his attention in the
future.
"Alt I know about the matter is what I
have read in the papers," said the Gov
ernor. "I see that Mr. Harrington states
ihat he is there simply to visit his old
home and friends, and 1 knew some time
ago that he intended making such a visit.
It appears that while there in that way he
baa expressed inuividual views in a news
paper interview.
"1 appointed Harrington as judge advo
cate-general because I thought him quali
fied for the position, a good Democrat and
a friend of mine. I never inquired and
never learned his views on the railroad
question. Ido not understand that it is
my duty to inquire into a man's religion
or his views on economic and other ques
tions when I appoint him to a position,
especially to an honorary one. I consid
ered only his qualifications for the place
to which he was appointed. Now I am
not the keeper of his conscience or his
mind, and I do not know that I am called
upon to muzzle a man boldinqsuch a posi
tion as his, in the expression of his per
sonal opinions.
"It is not necessary for me to discuss at
all my own views on the railroad question,
for everybody knows them. lam in favor
of the Government owning a railroad line
from one s-uie of the continent to the other,
and as to Mr. Harrington and his expres
sions I cannot, and in fact would not, in
timate what stand I might take if the mat
ter were presented to me definitely in the
future."
So Colonel Harrington may or may not
be called down by ttie Governor in his ad
vocacy of the interests of the Southern Pa
cific monopoly, while displaying in Ken
tucky his high-sounding title as a warrant
for his assuming to talk to the Kentucky
Legislature in behalf of the people of Cali
fornia.
It is the Capitol, a Frankfort daily news
paper, devoted to the monopoly interests,
which publishes a long interview with
Colonel Harrington. Says the article:
"In speaking of the bill now pending be
fore the Legislature for the repeal of the
cnarter of the Southern Pacific Company,
he says that the proposition does not meet
with the approval of the people of Cali
fornia.'
In his interview Colonel Harrington
gives the information that "outside of a
lew sensational newspapers and Mayor
Sutro ot San Francisco the proposition
has few adherents," and he says that the
opponents of the company out here are its
enemies through personal reasons. This
is especially the case, he asserts, with
Mayor Sutro, who is ufter the railroad be
cause it would not establish a rate of 5
cents to a place he had built for his
"privategain,"and who built that gigantic
swindle, the Sutro tunnel. California does
not suffer, Mr. Harrington testifies, and
he says that it would be a stupendous
piece of folly and wrong for Kentucky to
repeal the Southern Pacific charier.
All in all Colonel Harrington is about
the ablest advocate the Southern Pacific
Company has in Kentucky's capital at this
critical time, and if Collis doesn't see that
Colonel Harrington is a railroad attorney
for a long time in the future there will be
another case of base ingratitude to record.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Mme. Tavary Sings Lucia at the
Baldwin— Keene's Riche
lieu.
Performance of " Wife for Wife ■ at
the Grand — "Freischutz" at
the Tivoli.
An excellent impersonation of the title
role in "Richelieu" was given last night
by Keene at the California Theater. This
actor excels more in roles requiring finesse
than he does in robust, heroic parts,
and his impersonation of the diplomatic
cardinal is one of the best in his repertoire.
The supporting company was, as usual,
far from being up to the standard of the
star, but, notwithstanding this lack of all
round balance, a most interesting: perform
ance of "Richelieu" was given.
"Lucia di Lamiuermoor" was sung at
the Baldwin Theater last night, with Mme.
Tavary in the title role. Guille, Abram
hoff and Max Eugene were all in the cast, aud
a satisfactory performance of Donizetti's
melodious work was given.
Katie Putnam aud her company are proving
a drawing attraction at the Columbia Theater.
The bright little actress is the chief attruciion
of the play, but lovers of the sensational find
the excitement they seek In the scene ol the
- m
old limekiln, from whictj. the drama takes it
name. ; There, on the brink of a pit, from which
- flames ascend, occurs a struggle for life, in
which the hero is all but thrown down to be
burned alive. This melodramatic situation is
one of the most applauded hits of the plav.
The now additions to the cast of the Grand
Opera company are repeating their success of
Monday night. Darrell Vinton and Miss Essie
Tittel have thoroughly captured the sympathy
of their audiences. The all-round performance
of -'Wife for Wife" is an excellent one.
The Alcazar production of "Faust" con
tinues to prove successful. Percy Hunting is
thoroughly at home in the role of Mephis
topheles, and Miss Mina Gleason makes an
engenuous Marguerite.
Preparations are being made to present some
patriotic tableaux and National vocal ami in
strumental music on the occasion of Washing
ton's birthday. . On February 24 the Carleton
Opera Company commences its seasou.
The Tivoli production of the "Freischutz" Is
proving one of the most successful'perform
ances that have been given at that house for
sometime. In Agatha Ida Valerga has a con
genial role, and Kate Marchi is also well
adapted to the part of Annie. Rattael has
made a decided hit tua Casper, and Martin
I'ache is evidently more in hjs element as Max
than he js in opera bo u tie roles.
The clever and diversified programme at the
Orpheuni this week Is being received with
outward and visible manifestations of satis
faction by the usual large audiences. The
I'antzers' head-balancing is considered to be
one of the most popular acts on the bill, and
the new monologues of Billy Carter and Car
roll Johnson generally win several recalls.
THE FRANKLIN BURGLARY.
No Identification of the Dead
Burglar, Who Will Be
Buried To-Day.
Captain Lees Denies the Report That
He Is Working On a New
Theory.
C. P. Maze of the firm of C. P. Maze &
Son, contractors at OS Jessie street, called
at the Morgue yesterday and Identified the
dead burglar as William Wade, a tramp
who had come from Chicago a short time
ago and who worked one day for the con
tractor. This identification is only one of
many of like uncertainty made during the
last few days. Mr. Maze's son called later
at the Morgue and said his father was
mistaken.
The dead burglar will be buried to-day,
and t:ib only hope the police have of his
identification is that if lie belonged to the
East, as believed, some one may be able to
recognize the marks on his arm and hands
when they read about it in the San Fran
cisco papers.
Captain Lees still clings to the belief
that the burglar was was a siraneer here,
and came from the Eastern States.
The captain last night denied the reports
that the detectives were working on a new
theory in regard to the burglary at the
Franklin residence.
A perfectly proportioned man weighs
twenty-eight pounds for every foot ol his
height.
NEW TO-DAY.
I A Ml LU ATTENTION
LH U I LQ ATTENTION
OUR PRICES.
Allen's Swan Down, this week only 5c
Oriental Cream, per bottle $1 00
Lablache Powder, assorted 30
De Laire Powder, small 25c, lanre 60 !
Lilien Powder, Fischer's, from 2&c t0.... 46 |
C'amelline •. 30 !
Powder Puffs ' 15
Rabbits' Paws, 20c and .' 40 ',
Colgate Soap, 3 cakes in box 86
Bay Rum, 25c, 60c and ..... 75 1
R. and U. Peau de Kspagne Ext..*. 85 I
Wonder Sarsaparilla. 75 |
Wonder Toothache Drops , 26
Wonder Liver Pills, box v 25
WONDER DRUG CO.
(FLETCHER & CO.),
1028 Market Street.
VARICOCELE
Wasting Weakness, Failing Man-
hood and Nervous Debility
Are Easily Cured by
r- ' * VT 2
While you sleep. at night .^JL^ Dr. Sanden's Fleet
this belt soaks your M'-vk^^-" Belt has a newly pat-
weakened nerves full of ]_^ Jp^ -■>^ -j^-— . enicQ regulator which
electricity and restores > makes the current mild
your health. It is surer j^Jf;? "5-V^ or strong while the belt
and cheaper than medi- §:t#^#§r is on the body. No other
cine - . WH^€^ belt made can be regu-
v// W\\V v lated.
Th™/ 1186^ kn ° asvaricocele has baffled the medical profession at every tnra.
The vanous attempts to remove it have all proven ineffective, and some of them even
more injurious than tae disease itself. The knife, vacuum, compression and massage
have all been tried and all failed, and yet Varicccele and its large following of wasting
weaknesses can be cured. Varicocele is a congestion of . the stagnant blood in the
veins, with considerable detention of the glands. ' Electricity will decompose this
congested state and drive the stagnant blood , into the circulation, relieving the veins
of the weakening strain, at the same time contracting the glands which have erowu
weak from the disease, thus curing the whole trouble.
DR. SANDENS ELECTRIC BELT,
Recognized by. the medical profession as the most scientific method for the application
of the electric current to tbe body, and backed by many thousands of cures of various
nervous and chronic cases, is now acknowledged the best means of reaching the dread
Wasting disease.
APPLIED BY A DOCTOR.
A free test is given by a regular practicing physician of thirty years' experience.
Do not fail to get the little book with hundreds of testimonials. It is free upon
application. • v .
S-A.UI3E3XT ELECTRIC 00.,
632 MARKETS^., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B to 6; ; Evenings, 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to 1.
Portland (Oregon) Office, 255 Washington Street.
NEW TO-DAY.
IDNTOFS
Cold and Cough Cures
Promptly Effectual in Curing Grip.
Colds and Coughs and a Sure Pre-
ventive of Pneumonia and All Lung
Diseases.
Colds lead to coughs, cotigbs to Pneu-
monia and Consumption; therefore, it is
all important to check a cold before it
readies the lungs. Munyon's Cold Cure
will positively break a cold inside of tnren-
ty-four hours if taken as soon as the cola
manifests itself. When the cold reaches
the lungs or bronchial tubes the Cougl
Cure should be used alternately every half
hour with the Cold Cure. The Cold Cure
isguaranteed to prevent pneumonia if used
in tne beginning of a cold. Pneumonia,
or inflammation of the lungs, can be con-
trolled by t he use of these two cures.
The Cough Cure positively cures bron-
chitis, ticklintr in the throat, hoarseness,
loss of voice, soreness of the chest, diffi-
culty in breathing, hacking cough and all
pulmonary diseases where the lungs are
not too far consumed or covered with
tubercles.
If you are ailing, step into the nearest
drugstore and get a 25-cent vial of one of
Munyon's Remedies. No matter what your
disease, or how many doctors have failed
to cure, it will eive you relief.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
California's prosperity depends on the
patriotism of her citizens; on her loyalty
to Home industries— the principal one of
which is the manufacture of STANDARD
SHIRTS, employing 500 people. Do you
wear them, Californians ?
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 rnlMira .Street, anrl 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
I irinont to I'eiile.
; Office 813 FolsoVn Street.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
\ OPE.V UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
-~&—fl — «ajj?\i.i,M,.A l i l lry
UAUC Vnil &°ro Tnroat, Pimplea, Copper
aJfIA?!: TUU Colored fcpots, Achos, Old Sore?
L'lcers In Jlouth. Halr-F.illtngt Write COOK
KF.?JEDI CO., SO7 Maiontc Temple,
SChlcatco. 111., for proofs of ceres. Cupl- fl
tal, 8(»OO,«>(K). Wont cases cured In 16 3
ggto as day. 100-pqgo booii. free. •-■FATHER YORKE
ON HUDELSON
The Chancellor Says the
State A. P. A. President
Dodges.
"ONLY TRUTH IS NEEDED"
Brings Evidence to Substantiate
the " Los Angeles Case "
in Dispute.
CALUMNIES ARE DENOUNCED.
Rev. Mr. Hudelson Repeals Some of
the Questions Propounded and
Demands Answers.
The following communication has been
received by The Call:
ToUte Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: The Rev.
Benjamin Hudelson, State president of the
iT ' s verv carexul to dodge discussion on
the doings of his order. He produces his
■wonderful questions before the public for the
seventh time, ties them nicelv up in bundles
smiles complacently, "What a pretty
Ul this A. P. A." Surely the Kev. Benja
min Hudelson must retain much of the sylvan
■•!> of s-.>iiiyou to Imagine that the pub
■ be fooled with platitude*.
Americans know enough to refuse to give
credence to the professions of a frau.i, and
that the A.. P. a. is a fraud its deeds demon
strate without doubt. Hence in this rfbeus
|i°" I can safely leave the Rev. Benjamin
iiiMelson to amase himself arranging his
pretty little questions as a baby does its Duild
'■ks. My object is to sho\v the public by
proven facts and authentic dooumeuts tnc true
inwardness of the A. 1". a.
NOTHING NEEDED BUT TBTJTH.
Let me repeat that I have no desire to do in
justice even to the A. P. A. In this discussion
anything bin the truth will injure ray cause.
1 have .offered to correct any misstatements I
may fall into and to apologize for any errors !
Into which I may be led. That offer I stand by
and when the Rev. Benjamin Hudeison can I
accuse me with truth of not living up to it |
then I am willing to withdraw from the con
trove r.-y.
Out of the many facts with which my last
jetter was filled the Rev. Benjamin Hudeison
found conrapo to question only one. He re
" explain how he could v^late the oath
I • look with his hand on his heart, "I will !
not enter into any controversy with a Koman i
Catholic upon the subject of this order." He;
aid not deny that the A. P. A. used the forged •
encyclical, the spurious instructions and the
slanders about concealed arms to stir up ;
eotry. He jumped, however, at one unim
■ •riant circumstance in one of my facts, and !
he jumped at it bo readily that even the blind
an see that he did nut deny the other facts
: t-cause he dare«l
To 6 how that the report about artns con- ■'
■ealed in churches was not unknown in Cali
fornia I quoted an A. P. A. speech made in .
s Angeles. That speech 1 attributed to ex- !
'■overnor Sheidon. I was wrong. It was I
utterly immaterial to my argument whether
it was made by one or the other. The mistake
arose from the number of shelved politicians
and retired preachers connected with the
A. P. A.
In the galaxy of ex-Governors, ex-minister?,
ex-liverymen, ex-lawyers, ex-gamblers -which
shines in ihe A. P. A. firnianent it is difficult to
distinguish between star and star; hence I
pleaa guilty to the crime of confounding
t-heldon with Goeper, and I apologize to the
one who considers nimself aggrieved.
The mistake was entirely unintentional, and,
as the reader can tee, had no effect whatsoever
on my argument, no matter what effect it may
have on ex-Governor Sheldon's political as
j iranon?. I think it showed a lack of sagacity
:n the Kev Benjamin Hudelson to dwell so
much on the ambitions of his protege. There
b:e few booms which can 6urvive the indorse
ment of the A . P. A.
THE LOS ANGELES CASE.
The Rev. Benjamin Hudelson couches his
denial of the unimportant circumstance of the
rsoulity of the lecturer in Los Angeles in
? uch a mariner as to throw doubt on the au
thenticity of tne whole incident. In order to
I'rove my facts I quote from the Associated
i Teas dispatch dated September 29, 1594:
•i-:.\-Governor John Gos]>er. of Arizona, is the
supposed head of the A. P. A. here, and last, night
si'idressfd the Unity Club on the order and its
teiuurf* Ue made a passionate partisan argument,
k i>i at last miule this hcnsationul statement: 'They
siy they have a cathedral on -Main street. It
is nothing or the s -rt. It is an armory — an
arsenal wbera arms are stored. To-nieht there
are 5000 rifles stacked there, and they are in con
slant iM>e, too. by Catholics who are drilling in
order to tx-come familiar with them.'
"'Vou are a liar, iiDd you know it." ran? in clear,
Riroa« tones through the church, and the aston
ished ectarer, loolcinc into the auditorium saw
the tall figure of D. P. Doneinn. a wealthy con
tractor, nis eyes blazing with anger aud waviuga
piece of paper over bis head. 'I challenge vou to
prove your assertion.' iKiiiL'ifan continued.
'• »Uet the Chief of i'oUce and a squad of officers,
and if a single cun is found I will five th:s certi
fied check ior $1000 to i?o to the Associated Chari
ties. 1
"The s<^en<» which followed was exciting to a de
cree. >^>n-.e men wanted to put Donegan out. A
woman inmped on her chair and pointing her fin
ger at Go-pt-r reiterated JJonegau's words: 'You
are a liar.'
"CJosper looked as if he wished himself safe back
In Arizona, and chaos ruled for a time, Captain
tressy, the chairman Of the meeting; at last got a
semblance of order. He said he wooW not tole
rate, as chairman, any such language as th;f used
r>y Gosper and complimented Donovan by the way
in which he brought the errant Arizotiian to time.
Gosper jrot up and said the story ' had heen told
liim, Ml was promptly told auain that was a
liar, and he did Dot annie the point any further.
'•A iady stood up aadtold him she belonged to the
Kelief lorps of John a. Logan Post G. A. R., to
li:ch be belonged, and ihat he was well aware
that iis many Kii!lani and hard-.li;titmg Catholic
patriots were in the late war as I'rwestants. Mr.
GospeY ' was much disturbed and made an un
ostentatious departure."
i ts the story to which I referred and
men my authority for it. It is absolutely true.
■ r, as a represeniatiTe of the a. P. A.,
made these statements and he made them be
cause he was an A. P. A. They are part of the
:;sof that malodorous society. Sheldon
and Hudelsou an ible for them as
well as Qosper. I owe no apology to any leader
r>i fhe A. P. A. for accusing him of particl
pancy in the -pread of that slander. Ido owe
an apoiogy for confounding one A. P. A. lec
turer with another.
'Jo which of the two the apology should be
• iI do not know. When Mr. Hudelson
certifies which is the less disreputable I will ,
send him a generous amende.
While I am on thU qoestioa I may as well
explain the part played by this calumny m the
popular teaching oi'tho a'. I'. A.
we w:ll then understand better my state
'liat Sheldon and Hudelson are as re
■ e as Gasper for the Los Angeles fabrica
in paining recru ts and in confirming
< on verts in their allegiance to Apaism Mr. Hud
- colaborers do not pay much attention
to platforms ordeciarationso'f principles. They
rely on good old-fashioned ignorance and on
id>fashioned lies. They indoctrinate the
n- tubers ot the lodges with the idea that the
Catholics are secretly preparing to massacre
Mi Protestantsanrt to poi&ess this land by iurce
of arms.
As fare"! I have been able to classify their ut
'• raocefl the writers and orators of the A. P. A.
a three points. .
I. Catholics are naturally bloodthirsty and
religion makes It obligatory on them to
■4t to exterminate Protestants.
11. All over the country Catholics are arm
in tr and drilling.
111. It has become necessary for the members
A. P. A. to procure arms also, so as to be
repel force with force.
L CATHOLICS BLOODTHIRSTY.
Of course, it rocs without raying that the
lire ready to <lo anything against Prot
-1 tantß. In this connection it is well to rc-
BMlUtt the- Jesuits are not only those
ce in the Jesuit communities, but every
1 • who has attended their schools.
WBO ARE THE UW118?
the American Patriot of October 18,
"When a man Bays there are but tew
J'.-am in tbis country you may taKe it for
I l that he is ignorant of the facts— he is
ngonly those who write K. J. after their
'Jhe iuet is every graduate from h
■oboai is a Jesuit, having been trained
In Jesuit casuistry. There nre twenty-three
>llomc in "the United States and hun
irivate schools conducted Dy Jesuits.
' ■■■ •uty-tlire-- OOlleces tnere art- at jircs
:nMructor.>- and 8830 pupil*, and these
- have been grinding out their thou
6andt> :or years."
THE JE.«VIT OATH.
Kow every one of these Jesuits has taken
that wondertul Jesuit oath, which you will re
member was produced in this controversy as
an authentic document. The A. P. A. teaches
its members to believe that thousands and
thousands of their fellow-citizens are sworn to
mini, boil, flay, roast ' stab, poison all heretics.
V ill Mr. Hudelson dare to deny this? Can he
deny that these infamous forgeries have been
tept standing for months in the Apaist papers?
\\ Ul he come before the public of San Fran
ciscp'and take the responsibility of this teach
ing? - Here is the real A. P. A." platform and
let, Mr. Hudelson for a change answer a ques
tion instead of askini; one: Do you believe
that the Jesuits take that oath?
<•; ORDIKAEY CATHOLICS.
But according to the A. P. A. papers the
JesuKs have no monopoly of murder. The
ordinary Catholic is just as bloodthirsty as the
hierarchy and is just as ready to do murder
for the good of the church, "in the American
Patriot for August 31, 1895, page '2, 1 lind the
following delectable morsel:
A SPECIMEN CASK. -'-••-'.
A reliable lady friend of the Patriot relates the
following, which presents a specimen of the abject
obedience the great mass of Koniantsts suppose
that as a matter of course they owe to their su
periors—the priests:
[ "A relative of mine told me that one of her
I cousins, who had become a Catholic, told her that
it was the duty of all belonging to the church to"
obey the <'lergy without questioning, no matter
what the order mißht be. My cousin snid to her,
'Then, if your priest were to tell von to kill me,
your own cousin, you would do 60?' The reply
wns, 'I certainly would do so; I should have no
choice in the matter. 1 " \
The following is from page 5 of the issue of
September 6, 1894, and inculcates tho same
idea, but in more detail: ggQM
ROMISH IXOTIATITCPE AND HATE.
Rlilor of the Citizen; I gave the follow ine just
as it was told to me by a lady and her father, for
whose imegritv I can vouch. I use the lady's own
words. \Viixiam Chask, Uxbridge, Mass.
In a well-known village in Massachusetts sev
eral years ago my father and I lived (a little in the
suburbs of the town). Beside us lived a gentle
man (a Protestant) of a generous, Christian char
acter—one who was always striving to benefit his
fellow-men. He told my father that he previously
lived on a farm which adjoined that of a Koinan
Catholic, and for many years, by acts of generr
osity and kindness, he had iri<d to help lsls neigh
bor—sending him aid in every way— helping him
with work on his farm when he was not well,
giving him assistance finauc ally and otherwise
trying to fulfill the command, ".Love thy neighbor
as" thyself."
"Thus things went on for "years— my neighbor
always glad of assistance, but underneath his
stolid demeanor showinar an ungrateful spirit. But
' 1 kept on in ti'.y duly to my fellow-man until he
ni taken sick. Then I went over and helped
I about the work and watched with him until he
i died, which was several weeks after he had- taken
! sick. One night— the r.i»?ht before he died— ne
, called me to him (liis voice was weak then) and
| said: 'Neighbor, you have done a great deal for
I me, but at the time you were doing your best for
■ .me I cjuld have cut your throat from ear to ear.
. No maiter what your kindness has been to rue,
' 1 could kill you every time with a good heart. I
hated you because you were a heretic, and when I
have been working with you, 1 have been tempted
I to slay you, and 1 could kill you now!'
"ihis was my rewurd tor years of faithfulness
: toward my neighbor. This proves 10 yon the in
: born hatred of Bomaniata toward Protestant
Christians, no matter bow kind they are to them
i in daily life.
'•Here is an ingratitude peculiar to Roman
Catholics which suould be made known to the
world."
Moreover Mr. Hurtelson's disciples are care
fully instructed that this inborn blood thirst i
aess breaks out into deeds. From page « of
the number dated October 11, ISS94, "1 extract
the following sapient remarks:
To thr Editor of the American Patriot— Dear Sir:
Asa subscriber of your panor I wNh to be informed
whether or not "indulgences" c;tn be bought, for
the Roman Catholics in San Fraucisco? 1 heard
years ago that such was the case, aud having
watched their coarse it appears to me to be cor
rect, inasmuch as I find a majority of the above
rlass to have committed the foolest crimes on the
calendar. Notwithstanding 'this they escape pun-
Isbment In nearly every case, hut if a Protestant
or Jew commits a crime he seldom escaues. It
also appears to me that many Protestant families
have been poisoned, of those who have been so un
fortunate as to have employed Roman Catholic
servant eirls.
In reply to the above wo may say that we have
Inoorpo-vspssivu ••indulgences" that were sold in
this City.— Ed.]
When minds are carefully saturated with
ideas like these, it is not hard to believe
the second article of the A. I J . A. creed,
namely, that "the Papists are arming."
[The remainder of Father Yorke's
letter will be published iu to-morrow's
issue.]
HUDELSON TO YORKE.
Says He Will Prod the Father
Till His Questions Are
Answered.
office of the ")
State Council, of California, !
Kooni 40. Academy of Science Bidg., f
Sl'J Market street.
San JfßANCisco, Cal., Feb. 19, 189G.
To the Editor of The Call— Dkar Sir: In my
last letter I demonstrated three logical propo
sitions which. I believe should be kept promi
nently before the people of this City and State.
For that reason I propose to incorporate them
in;o all my letters. These propositions are as
follows:
F1 rst— The objects of the American Protective
Association are pood, whether viewed from the
standpoint oi its friends or from that of its
enemies. .
Second— That inasmuch as the objections of
tim Rev. Peter C. Yorke to the A. P. A. refer
not to the objects of the order, but have to do
wholly with Us piatform and political princi
ples therefore Father Yorke's hostility to the
A. P. A. is billed upon political differences and
is not caused by religious consideration.
Third— That inasmuch as Father Yorke has
refused to define his position upon twelve full
principles of the A. P. A., his object in the
present controversy is to pain some petty per
sonal advantage rather than to enlighten the
people upon the truths involved.
In my last communication I demanded that
Father Yorke prove the following assertions
contained in his letter published on the 13th
iust.:
Statement 1 — "I know, however, that a secret
political society can never brins about puie
politics."
Statement 2— "l know that they (the Methodist
Bishops and preachers who are n^itat.ns the repeal
of the tax on church property) pay more taxea
th:m the whole a. I'. A. put together."
Siiiiemeut 3— -'A ton -i«m-i who is not American
ized in five years will never be Americanized."
Statement 4— •■There are no universal proposi
tions in politics."
These are very high-sounding phrases. They
are fair samples of the "rounded period," anil
they "would be epigrammatic" sentences, for
which Father Yorke has such an apparent weak
ness. That I have the right to demand the
proof oi their correctness is evident from
Father Yorke's own words, written in this letter
of the 13th inbt.:
I have made no statement which I am not rearly
to prove— not with mere assertions, hut with au
thentic documents, with affidavits and with facts.
Now. I want the "authentic documents, the
affidavits and the facts" in support of these as
sertions.
Two days ago, Mr. Editor, I charged Peter C.
Yorke with uttering concerning ex-Governor
Sheldon what was and is "absolutely and un-
QualLfiedljr, and, I believe, purposely false."
And I e,av*e adequate reasons for my belief that
tiie faUehood was willfully uttered.
Since the appearance ot that charge Father
Yorke has, up to the presentwriting, permitted
thirtv-six hours to pass without even disclaim
ing the wilfullness of the falsehood, to say
nothing of proving his words or apologizing
for uttering them.
There are several question?, Mr. Editor,
which I have repeatedly propounded to Father
Yorke and which he has guilelessly professed
to answer. In every instance, however, he
dodged the issue; and the questions are as
follows :
. ON THE A. P. A. PLATFORM.
Question 9— '-Is Mr. Yorke hostile to loyalty to
true Americanism, which knows neither birth
place, race, creed' nor party as a first requisite for
membership in any organiza ion?"
Question 11 <part)— "ls Mr. Yorke' hostile to the
toleration of all creeds?"
Question 13— "Is .Mr. Yorke hostile to the up
holding of the constitution of the United States
and its Kuarantee of religious liberty to the in
dividual ?"
: Question 16— "Does not ilr. Yorke believe that
exemption from taxation is equivalent to a grant
of public funds? And is he houile to th.« taxation
of all property, the title to wliich is not vested in
the National or State Government, or their sub
divisions?" . .
Question 17— "Does Mr. Yorke favor the enlist
ment in tue military arm of the Government of
any one not actually a citizen of the .United
Btates?" '
' Question 19— "Would Mr. Yorxe object to the re-"
peal of the act anthorizi-iK the : naturalization of
minors without a previous dpciaration of Intention,
and is he hostile to a provisiou of law that persons
IO be naturalized must spt-ak the language of the
land and must prove seven years' continuous resi
dence in this country from the date of the declara
tion of intention?" • ,
Question "JO— "Does Mr. Yorke object to a protest
against the laxity with which our present natural
ization laws are administered?" .-:■., ,
Qnestion 21— "Is Mr. Yorke hostile to the public
inspection of. all hospitals, asylums, reformatories
or other Institutions, in which people are under re
straint?" .■.:•' .
Question "Does Mr. Yorlce favor National or
State legislation la favor of any one section of the
country, orcf any class?" ">.."'
ON A. P. A. POLITICAL PRINCIPLES.
•<• Question 28-r-"Is Mr. Yorlte opposed to such re
striction of iinnilcration us will prevent paupers,
criminals and anarchists from landing on our
shore?" ' ' ■ . . '
Question 25 part)— ''Does Mr. Yorke wish the
voters of the country to be ignorant of the duties
and |irnil-i;i's of citizenship, and. the pliant loo'.s
of politicians?" . .■ .
Question 2t>— -'Does Mr. Yorke oppose support
ing from the public iiin.i.s , one general | non-secta
rian tree public school system, snflicient for the
primary education of all children v\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUS SPAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
Question 28— '-Does Mr. Yorice oppose the taxa
tion of non-Governmental property?"
Question 29— '-Does Mr. Yorke 'support for oflice
any person who recognizes allegiaucu to any
foreign or ecclesiastical potentate as superior to
our Government ?"
To you. Mr. Editor, I feel like apologizing for
repeating these questions here, but Father
Yorke's unwillingness to commit himself on
questions of principle renders it necessary.
For two weeks from the time I propounded the
first of my questions I was forced to prod him
before he would even pretend to reply, and 1
am determined, with your permission, to con
tinue the proceeding" until the questions are
answered. Very respectfully,
B. F. HI'DKLSON, .
President of the A. P. A. of California.
A STATEMENT DENIED.
Lionel A. Sheldon Repudiates an
Expression Attributed to Him
by Father Yorke.
The followiug letter is self-explanatory:
Los Angeles, Feb. 17, 180(5.
F.i I nor San Franetico Call: In his paper pub
lished in your issue of the lUth inst. Father
Yorke says that in a speech in Los Angeles I
stated there were arms concealed In the base
ment of the cathedral, and that Mr. Donnegan
produced a certified check for SIOOO and of
fered to pay it if arms were found there.
Bo far as I am concerned the statement is
absolutely false. 1 saw it stated in the papers
that Governor J. J. Gasper did make the state
ment that Father Yorke ascribed to me. I
have never made such a statement anywhere,
and I do not deal in that kind of stuff, nor do
I assail any religious creed or form of worship.
Our principle is that every man may worship
God according: to the dictates of his own con
science. I believe with the great Thomas Jef
ferson, that "error of opinion may be safely
tolerated when reason is left free to combat it."
Please give this a place in your column*. Very
respectfully, Lionel A. Sheldon.
D, Nichols' Denial.
D. Nichols has sent a letter to The Call
in which he denies the truth of certain
statements made with reference to him by
Father Yorke. The statement was that
Mr. Nichols had asserted that large quan
tities of firearms, etc., were beimr stored in
the basement of the Catholic church on
the corner of Eighteenth and Suotwell
streets. Mr. Nichols emphatically denies
that he had ever made such a statement.
THE PUPIL OF YSAYE
Arrival of Richard Ferrer, the
Young California Vio
linist.
Story of His Experiences Abroad.
Will. Give Concerts Here and
Return to Brussels.
Richard Ferrer, the noted young violin
ist of this City who five years ago went
abroad to study, has returned here. His
coming was sudden, not even his friends
expecting him, and was the result of a
sudden determination to see his native
land once more.
During his absence he has been in Ber
lin, Dresden and Brussels. In the former
city he studied under Wirth of the iaruous
Joachim quartet, who is regarded as one
of the finest of foundation teachers.
In Dresden Mr. Ferrer had for his
teacher the renowned Lauterbaen. He re
mained for a long time there.
The last instructor of the young man,
Richard Terror, the Young Violinist Who lias Returned After Five Years in
Europe
and the centleman who yet has the direc
tion of his musical tastes, is the famous
Eugene Ysaye, who charmed the people of
this country with his melodies about a
year ago.
Mr. Ferrer has been living in Brussels
for nearly a year past and going regularly
to Ysaye. He regards him as his perma
nent teacher and on hi9 return to Belgium
will renew work under him.
"My trip abroad has been very pleasant,"
said Mr. Ferrer. "I have, however, had
to work very hard, but this I have in the
main enjoyed. My trip home was owing
to a sudden impulse. 1 had not heen here
for five years and I got anxious 10 see ruy
friends once more.
"1 shall only remain here about three
weeks. Meantime I shall give a few con
certs, one in this City soon and others in
the larger towns near here."
Mr. terrer has been busy during the few
days since his arrival in meeting his many
musical friends, besides the old-time asso
ciates of his youth.
Mardi Gras Aftermath.
In consequence of many requests, the
directors of the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art have decided to keep the magnifi
cent decorations used at the great Mardi
Gras festival Tuesday night in place to
day and to-night, so that every one may
have an opportunity of inspecting them.
In the evening a choice programme of or
chestral music will be rendered, while the
Nob Hill home of art will be brilliantly
illuminated.
Milk for the Fishe*.
Inspector Dockery threw several wagon-loadß
of milk into the bay last night. It was found
to contain preservaline, a pptent preparation,
said to be poisonous. The Inspector was ac
companied by Veterinary Surgeon Creely and
Market Inspector Joe Rivers. The milk was
from the Sausalito and Tiburon routes.
In some districts of India large tanks
are constructed by banking up the over
flow. These embankments are sometimes
miles in length, and from them during the
dry season the water cau be easily con
veyed so as to overflow the rice fields.
Captain Hall, a well-known authority on
rice cultivation, described one valley
whicn he visited as being a mile broad and
forty miles long.
In the reign of Canute no guardian could
compel his ward to marry a man she dis
liked, and the money paid ; for her was . to
be a voluntary gift and not a compulsory
payment.
WOULD COLLIS
TELL A LIE?
The Evidence Already Sub
mitted Indicates That
He Can.
ON THE MORGAN GRILL.
He Is Questioned Regarding the
Size of His Pile in Early
Days.
SAYS HE HAD ONE MILLION.
A Former Associate Figures That the
Whole Gang Had About $14,000
at the Start.
I think I was worth about a million
dollars when 1 commenced railroading,
but after completing the Central Pacific
I wiis considerably poorer on account
of the heavy accumulation of debts. —
Collis P. Huntingdon.
When Senator Morgan of the Pacific
Railway Committee was grilling Hunting
ton in the investigation that went on in
the Senate Tuesday, and which continues
to-day, it became necessary to ask Collis
how much money he was worth when he
began to amuse himself with the pastime
of building and operating railroads.
Mr. Huntington's answer was amusing,
inasmuch as California is full of people
who have known him since he ran his
hardware-store in Sacrairento before the
war began. His wealth at that time was
not enormous, and oid residents scoff at
the statement that he even enjoyed a com
fortable income. The dispatches that have
appeared in The Caix relative to the mat
ter of the Pacilic railway inspection have
contained a great many of Collis P. Hunt
ington's misrepresentations, but none so
palpably ridiculous and misleading as the
one quoted above.
A well-known San Franciscan, who was
one of the original incorporators of the
Southern Pacific road, was approached on
the matter last night.
"When I read in this morning's Call,"
said he, "that Collis P. Huntingdon had a
million dollars when he began to build
railroads, I readily recalled the time he
refers to, but I do not recall the existence
of anything like a million dollars in the
exchequer of Mr. Huntington. As a mat
ter of fact, Mr. Huntington, Mr. Crocuer,
Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Stanford all together
did not possess $14,000 in cash and prop
erty in Sacramento or anywhere else.
They were associated in hardware and
other business ventures and were not very
well off at the time the railroad scheme
was hatched. They got a good lift from
the Government and the State and then
most all the counties came to their assist
ance. Vast tracts of land were deeded to
then; by the VTOvernruent and they began
building the road through construction
companies which they themselves abso
lutely controlled.
"It was their custom to spread the in
formation broadcast that certain engineer
ing feats cost several times more than they
did. This was doubtless done for the pur
pose of misleading the Government as to
the uifticulties and dangers incident to,
building a road in the West. Their figures
were greatly in excess of the real cost and
were in every possible way misleading.
"I am very familiar with the workings
of the early railroad builders, as I fur
nished the money for a railroad repre
sentative to go to Washington and lobbv
tho Jand grant through. I also supplied
the capital with which to purchase the
stationery for the first meeting of the
board of stockholders of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad. Of course, as a great many
others will testify, I was swamped
later on and compelled to sell out my
stock and retire to leave the road In the
hands of its present owners. It is all bosh
for Huntington to claim that he had a
million dollars or anything like it when he
went into the railroad business, and there
are thousands of men in California who
will recognize the fact that Huntington
lies if he says so."
FREE LABOR BUREAU.
It IV ill Be Removed to Sutter Street
Within Two Weeks.
On March 1 the State Labor Bureau will
be removed from 215 Sansome street to 325
Sutter, between Grant avenue and Stock
ton. Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald has
been contemplating making this change
for some time, but his finances would not
permit, he having exhausted the small
amount of the State's appropriation in the
establishment of the free employment de
partment.
Last fall the banking-houses in the
neighborhood of the present quarters were
apprehensive that in the large crowds of
unemployed men who daily assembled at
the Free Employment Bureau would be
desperate characters who might make a
raid upon the clearing-house next door.
They did not like these crowds assembling
in the money center of the City, and they
were anxious to have the employment bu
reau mo"ed uptown. 4
At that time they were willing to sub
scribe liberally to have the change effected,
but at that time the Labor Commissioner
refused to accept the offers of money, be
lieving that the State Board of Examiners
would make special provision for the
maintenance of his office.
However, the winter passed without a
single overt act being committed and the
bankers' apprehension proved to be with
out foundation. Since then they have
showed little interest in the matter and
very few have assisted in subscribing to
the fund that is necessary to effect the
move. Prominent men, however, have
come to the front ar.d subscribed about
$800. It will cost about $1400 to fit up the
new quarters.
The front rooms will be used as the
women's department. The male depart
ment will be in the rear and reached by a
small alley leading off Stockton place. By
this arrangement the annoyance of crowds
of men on the Sutter-street sidewalk will
be avoided. There will be a larce shed in
the rear of the building where the men
may stay while waiting for work. The
offices and rooms where the statistical
work will be attended to will be in the
second story.
Governor Budd, in a conversation with
the Labor Commissioner recently, stated
that when the next Legislature meets he
will endeavor to secure the enactment of a
law providing for the establishment of
three froe employment offices in the south
ern, middle and northern portions of the
State.
PROTEST FROM BAY VIEW
Residents Object to Mr. Sutro's
Choice of a Pesthouse
Site.
They Say His Object Is to Have It
Located Far Away From His
Own Property.
Residents of the Bay View District are
circulating a protest against the location
of the Pesthouse there. They object to
Mayor Sutro bonding a piece of property
in that section for the purpose of donating
it to the City for Pesthouse purposes, and
they intend to present the protest to the
Board of Supervisors on Monday. Fol
lowing is a portion of the document:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors—-Gex
tlemen": Monday morning, February 17, 1896,
Mayor Sutro took a drive, in company with the
representative of local real estate agents, out
beyond South San Francisco and down into
the pretty little Bay View Valley. The object
of Mr. Sutro's visit was to inspect the site
which these real estate agent-!, as we are in
formed, have bonded for Mr. Sutro, who pro
poses to purchase the property and donate it
to the City for the location of a pesthouse.
■Whether Mr. Sutro drove out Railroad avenue
ur out Sun Bruno avenue does not make much
difference. He had to go over one or the other
routes, and for miles on either road he passed
the humble cottages of hundreds of poor work
ing people, and not one of the residents along ; he
route would have given him a cordial greeting
had they known that he was tryinz to drag
behind him a trail of lepers and smallpox pa
tients and people with loathsome and con
tagious diseases.
After leaving Railroad avenue at Thirty
second avenue south, and goine- thence down
the latter avenue to the bay, he passed scores
of homes— homes of poor people who had
toiled early and late that they might own the
roofs over their own heads, and yet among
these people and in the midst of a well popu
lated valley, he wishes to locate a pesthouse.
Had he taken the trouble to get out of tte car
riage in which he reclined and stepped onto
the land that he proposes to purchase, he could,
feeble as he is, have almost tossed a stone
through the open door of the nearest residence
to the bloek of land which he wishes to poison
bv planting thereon the germs of virulent and
contagious diseases. .
In his endeavors to prevent the Supervisors
from locating the pesthouse on the Almshouße
Tract, where it would have been near some of
his vacant and inaccessible property, Mayor
Sutro promised to donate to tae City a. suitable
location.
He is accredited with beine the owner of
over 4000 aerosol land in this City and County,
most of it vacant, and a great deal of it being
hills and mountains too steep to ever be util
ized for residence or other purposes, yet in all
his 4000 ucres'of land, covering ninny hun
dreds of blocks and extending over miles of
uninhabited waste, he cannot lind a location
suitable for a pesthousc, hut must needs at
tempt to foist it upon a locality that has been
settled for more than twenty years, aud where
scores of -poor and hardworking people owrft
and live in their own homes.
The location chosen by Mr. Sutro is a gently
sloping bill at the mouth of the valley and
near to the present beach. It commands a
view of the entire valley from Hunter's Point
to Bay View Point and "from Holly Park to the
bay. There are no trees or shrubbery to ob
scure the sight of so foul a plague, and for
miles along the ban Bruno road and along
Railroad avenue, the two great thoroughfares
leading out of the City, this institution would
be visible; and not alone would It retard the
advancement and progress of an already well
populated residence district, but would utterly
destroy the value of such improvements as
have already been made.
Mr. Sutro's motive in offering to donate a
site to the City for a pesthouse apoears to bean
entirely selfish one. The objection that he
urges to the location of a pesthouse on the
Almshouse Tract is that it is me "geographical
center of the City." How much more true it
would be if he would only state that it is the
"geographical center of Mr. Adolrjh Sutro's
landed, estate." Were he actuated by a desire
to honestly provide the City with a suitable
location for a pesthouse it would be a small
matter for him to choose from his many hun
dreds of blocks one block of land hidden in a
ravine or behind a hiil off from the tide of
travel and shut out from sight by sloping hills
too steep to ever be used for residence pur
poses. __________^__
INSURANCE MEN BANQUET.
The Annual Meeting of the Pacific Coast
Association Knded.
The Underwriters' Association of the
Pacific Coast held the closing session of
the annual meeting yesterday afternoon,
and enjoyed the pleasure of a brilliant
banquet at the Maison Riche last evening.
Eighty members sat down to the banquet
bonrd.
The pleasure of the feast was enhanced
by the songs of Frank Coffin, Charles
Dickman, E. W. Hopkins and Clarence H.
riowland.
The presiding genius of the banquet was
V. C. Driliield, president of the associa
tion. Clever but brief addresses in re
sponse to sentiments proposed were made
by Insurance Commissioners M. H. Hig
pina, Thomas C. Van ft ess, Rolla V. Watt,
V. C. Drifheld, F. J. Arpall, Herbert Fol
fer, Alfred R. Grim, R. W. Osborn, George
\ Grant, William Sexton, George D. Dor
nin, I). J. Staples, Louis Weinemann, H.
Belden, George Spencer, Alfred E. Magill,
J. G. Edwards, Rudolph Herold.
Following is a list of the guests present:
C. F. Mullins, H. V. Park hurst, R. W. Osborn,
George F. Grant, Frank L. Hunter, Henry T.
Fennel, H. Danker, George Leonard, J. D. Max
well, W. B. Hopkins, 11. M. Grant, N. C. Far
num, I. S. Watson, W. B. Westlake. Alfred R.
(irini, D. E. Miles, Will Sexton, William U.
Hill, George D. Dorniii, R. D. Hunter, D. J.
Staples, William J. Datton, George H. Mendell,
Louis Weinemann, E. C. Giltner, R. P. Fabj,
Cesar Berthean, A. M. Thornton, Frank J. Dev
lin, Charlea T. Parker, Henry K. Belden,
Charles B. Hill, A. O. Andre, Churles W. Grant,
V. W. Gafckill, E. T. von Etlinger, George W.
Dorxsin, Ed G.tSprowl, C. Mason Kinne, Franz
Jacoby, G. Messinger, J. G. Edwards, Rolla V.
Watt, V. Carus Driffield. L. B. Edwards, F. G.
Argall, Georee W. Spencer, S. >L Anderson,
George A. Crux, B. G. Smalley, H.
Folger, A. R. D. Paterson, D. A. Spencer,
Charles"C. Echlin. C. A. Stuart, W. S. Duval,
Frank Coffin. Clarence H. Howland, Charles J.
Dickman, T. C. Van Ness, M. H. Higgins, C. W.
Smith, A. E. Magill, Paul M. Xippert, A. F.
Gartner, Rudolph Herold Jr.. William Maris,
C. O. Scott, William Marsh, A. R. Gunnison,
Chester Deering, O. M. Brown, Tudor Tiede
mao, Homer A. Craig.
The movement to erect a monument to
Edgar Allan Foe in Baltimore is making
progress.
HEART STENOGRAPHYT
A Remarkable Instrument Which
Records in Detail the Move-
ments of the Heart.
STRANGE ACTION OF STIMULANTS.
The Sphygmograph, a Delicate Piece
of Mechanism, Which Writes
What the Heart Dictates.
One of the most intricate and wonderful
little instruments applied in the science
of medicine is the sphygmograph. The
mechanism of this tiny machine is so
minute that it is somewhat difficult to
convey a comprehensive idea of it by
means of a written description. The ac-
companying illustration, however, will
assist the reader in building an ideal
sphygmograph in the mind's eye, and the
study of it will afford a little exercise and
consequent development of the faculty
through which we gain most of our knowl-
edge — perception.
The sphygmograph is an instrument
used to measure and record the action of
the heart, using the pulse as its key. In
other and plainer language, it sketches on
paper, by mean* of a very line point, in
irregular up and down zigzag strokes,
every beat and movement of that great
little blood pump — the heart.
The utility and importance of such an
instrument is readily understood wnen we
remember that the heart's action mani-
fests itself through the pulse. The heart
acts and the pulse exhibits the action, or,
rather, the manner of the action. Tbia
action is perceptible to the touch when we
"leei the pulse," manifesting itself by dif-
ferent degrees of intensity in the pulse-
beat. Thus a strong heart produces a
_____________________ i _____________________________
THE SPHYGMOGKAPH, SHOWING MANNER IN WHICH IT IS ATTACHED
TO THE WRIST WHILE RECORDING THE HEART MOVEMENTS.
strong, firm swell or wave in the pulse,
and vice versa.
Tne office of the sphygmograph is to in-
dicate the degree of intensity and regu-
larity of the heartbeat, which performance
is accomplished as follows: The instru-
ment is attached to the wrist by means of
a silk band, thus holding a sensitive disk,
fastened to the band, in juxtaposition with
the. pulse-artery. The pulsations, acting
on this disk, move a pointed marker held
by an armature. up, down and across the
surface of a slip of paper, which is kept
moving by means of a delicate mechanism
within the instrument. In this manner
the irregular tracings, as shown in the cuts
below, are produced and make an accur-
ate stenographic record, as it were, of the
heart movements in health and disease,
excitement and depression. This written
No. I— Tracings produced by the nor-
mal heartbeat.
language of the heart is, therefore, a mes-
sage containing a detailed description of
the status of our physique in general, and
heart in particular.
Dr. -F. Woodbury, professor of clinical
medicine at the Medical Chirurgical Col-
lege of Philadelphia, in a recent lecture to
medical students, called attention to a
most important series of these sphygmo-
graphic tracings made by Dr. A. H. P.
Leuf, late director of physical education
at the University of Pennsylvania, which
illustrated in a striking manner the effects
of alcohol and other stimulants upon" the
heart. The illustrations here shown are
adopted from those of Dr. Leuf. Cut No. 1
represents the condition of the pulse in its
normal state.
Cut No. 2 shows the high fitful and er-
ratic pulse produced by an ounce of alcohol
No. — The Irregular lines produced
by the abnormal stimulation of al-
cohol. • : ■ ■
taken in the form of whisky, a half hour
after administration.
The weak, uncertain tracings of cut No. 3
show the reaction, or depression— mental
or physical — which . follows the use of
alcohol. It will be noted that the pulse is
reduced to one-third its normal strength.
These three tracings accurately indicate
NEW TO-DAY.
the normal and whisky actions of the"
heart respectively.
Tracings Nos. 4 and 5 represent the effect
of a powerful stimulant tonic made from
[ j~- ■ 1
No. 3— The reaction following the use
or alcohol.
the African sterculia nut, the standard
preparation of wnich is the Vino Kolafra
1 of the drugstores, made by Johnson <fe
Johnson, New York.
L£v--/H-/\.-J_>__/J
1 [Lr^l_SuT>iV_sC£
i
!
No. 4 — Stimulation produced by Vino
Kolafra — regular and high.
l
. _.
As shown by the tracings in No. 4 Vino
" Kolafra produces a regular and even de-
l gree of stimulation, sustaining perfectly
I" the increased tone and intensity of the
I pulsation produced by the heart beat. It
1 doea not plunge and jump in a wild in-
, crease of stimulation, as in the case of al-
cohol, and. what is of more and far graver
importance, the African stimulant has no
t ~ZlZ_______l_______^^ ■
{
1 — — -___——-— — ______
1 ' 1 ■ ' —
No. s— Shows condition 'of the pulse
after stimulation by Vino Kolafra, the
pulse being normal, the sauie. as in
No. 1.
1., ; —
3 reaction, nor does it cause any of the de-
- pression attendant upon the administra-
t tion of alcohol. When the force of the
drug is spent the pulse gradually decreases
in strength, until its natural strength is
attained. . Tracings taken every fifteen
! minutes for five hours showed that at no
' time was the subject's pulse lower than
• before takine, or lower than normal,
i whereas with alcohol the reaction was so
pronounced, the pulsation so feeble, that
the sphygmographic record of them is a
weak, wavy line, Bhowing scarcely any
movement of the marker.
Dr. Leuf's tracings serve to demonstrate
that alcohol, opium, cocaine, morphine,
etc., are stimulants which merely lend
strength and exact a twofold payment
from nature's reserve forces for the loan.
Therein lies the great drawback in the use
of ulcohol as a stimulant and excitant, ab-
sorbing as it does its stimulant power from
the vital reserve of nature, whereas in the
case of Vino Kolafra the extra amount of
energy is furnished Dy the remedy itself,
molded and eenerated by nature's own
methods. It is merely an addition of fuel
to the ever-burning fire of nature, and
when that addition is consumed the flame
of nature subsides to its normal state, leav-
ing no trace whatever of the transpiring of
any unusual event. This fact is of the
utmost importance, and its value cannot
be overestimated, as it will undoubtedly
have a considerable bearing in the admin-
istration of a stimulant and tonic. Pro-
fessor Woodbury specifically drew the at-
tention of the medical students to it. He
also recommended the value of Vino Ko-
lafra in restoring the nervous system to its
normal condition after an alcoholic de-
bauch, as also for weakness, melancholia,
gastric catarrh and drunkard's dyspepsia,
predicting that "on account of its sustain-
ing and strengthening effects upon the
heart it will be found useful in preventing
heart failure." "It is," he further says,
"the remedy for the muscular pains and
debility following la grippe."
Professor Woodbury notes that his atten-
tion was first called to the products of the
African nut by Dr. A. L. Gihon, Medical
Director of the United States Navy, who,
in treating several cases of sick headache
and others of nervous debility and im-
paired digestion, found the remedy of
decidedly beneficial value; and Dr. Gihon'a
observations were subsequently confirmed
by Dr. A. Hudson, United States Navy, in
a paper published in the Philadelphia
"Medical Times."
Referring to the extensive use of Vino
Kolafra by the athletes of Yale and other
colleges during the past season, Professor
Woodbury saya: "As athletes find it sus-
tains them during their severe muscular
and nervous exercises, it is a fair inference
that in wasting diseases it will similarly
conserve muscular and nervous force."
These remarkable characteristics ex-
hibited in the action of Vino Kolafra
would seem to lend it a distinction in
value far beyond that possessed by any
other stimulant and tonic the merits of
which are known to us. Its application in
sickness and disease will certainly prove a
valuable innovation in the scieuce of medi-
cine.
Much has been said about Vino Kolafra,
and the scientific and indisputable evi-
dence of the sphygmographic tracings as
detailed by Dr. Leuf add only to the cumu-
lative proof of its merits.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MJIMAKV OF_THE BIABKETS.
S 1 ver firmer.
Wheat and Bar'.ey quiet.
Oats and Com very dull.
Buckwheat held higher.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged*
No business in Beans.
Potatoes and Vegetables weak.
Butter steady. Cheese firm.
Kgßs continue to weaken.
Younp Poultry firmer. Turkeys lower.
Game no lonpor auted.
No change in Fruit.
Provisions as before.
Kxplanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station iii'iic-ate maximum temperature tor ire
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, o: melted snow in Inches and hundredths.
during the p;ist twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poir-.ts of equal air pressure; tso
ihi-rm-s. or ilotte 1 lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means nish barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: '"low"
refers to low ) ressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. '-Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
AVhen the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rui 11 is probable; hut when
the --low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With a
"high" in the \ ■;<•!:. jty 1 Idaho, and the pressure
falling to tbe California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and odder weather in win
ter. The revers* of those conditions will produce
an opposite result.
WKATIIKK BUREAU KKTOKT.
VNITEV) STATKS DKI'ARTMENT OF AGRI't'I-
TntK. Wkathkr BrjBEAU, San FXAKCISCO, Feb
ruary 19. 1896. 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general fort c:-.s: :
Tlie following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as companvl with those of the samo date last sea
son: Eureka 24.73, last season 31.60; Red Bluff
i:i.B3, hist s^iisoii - i4.:i7: S:m Francisco H.'.4'-'. last
season 21.69: Ere no 4.09. last season 11.18: San
LniS Obtepo VJ.'.'o. last season 22.40; Los Augeles
5. P1. last season 11.ti7; s ; m IMego 2.82, last season
lO.'H; Yuma .46. last season 2.99.
Ihe following maximum temperatures are re
ported from B:ations in California today: Eureka
66, Fresno 76, I o> Angeles 82. Red Bluff 70, Inde
pend' nee 66, -San Diego 7G, San Francisco 72, San
Luis Obispo 84, Yuma 78.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 72,
minimum 51. mean 62. There was no rainfall
during the past 24 hours.
lie pressure is histH-st this evening in Utah and
lowest along the Pacific Const. There has been a
r< neral all in pressure in all sections west of the
Rocky Mountains but not sufficient to cause cloud
iness. Clenr weather with unusually high temper
atures still continues throughout this entire re
gion.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight February 20. 1896.
Northern California— Fair Thursday; light vari
able winds: probably becoming westerly along the
coast Thursday nieM.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light vari
ah'e winds becoming westerly along the coast
Thursday night.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
>an Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
probably becominc cooler Thursday night; light
variable winds becoming wf sterly Thursday nig&t.
W. H. Hammox, Forecast Official.
NEW Yokk MAKKETS.
I'imincial.
NKW YORK. N. Y.. Feb. 19.-Speculation at
the Stock Exchange was intensely dull to-day.
The undertone was stroag, however, and higher
prices were recorJed in a number of cases. Lon- j
don was a buyer of the specialties and bankers
with foreign connections said that interest in
American securities abroad was reviving. The
main reason for this, so bankers said, was the
high price ai which British consols ore selling.
These securities brought 1C95-8 in London tc-day.
The declaration of the regu'ar dividend by the
Huriington and Qulncy, the favorable iraflic re
tnrns of the Baltimore and Ohio, Louisville and
Nashville and Southern Railway had a good eiYect j
on the market.
A feature of the day was the heavy buvingof the |
new fours up to"117%, $l,633,oOOJ,chauglng bands
at the board. The award of nearly liv« millions
more bonds to Morsan was well received, as it
means an additional net gain in gold for the treas
ury. The particularly strong stocks were I>jtiis
vllle and Nashville, the grangers and Manhattan.
St. I'aul rose to 775g; Burlington an<l Quincy to
80%; Rock Island to 78^: Louisville and Nash- ;
ville to Bi*4; Manhattan to 105y a.nd Union
l'Hi-.iic to 7y>. in the Industrials Sugar was r&tber
easi<-ran.l lA\ from 116 t0114%@115^. Leather
preferred fell i/i to 66 and rose to 66^4. speculation
closrrf firm. Net changes show ni t gains of ' ;■■ i
per • -it, Burlington and Quincy leading. Kugar,
Chicago <>a-. and New York •-rural lost Vs®-*/* per
cent. Total sales we're 116,200 shares.
Bonds wire active, strong, sales were $2,182,
--000. Chicago' aud Northern Pacific fives rose 1%
10 43%: Iron Mountain geconds I 1 4 to 102V2:
Ka:.>H-i'anM i exas "■ Texas, first lives 1 % to BS% ;
Northern seconds I*4. to 112; do thirds lyj. j
to 76W.; do consolidated lives li/t to 41 ; do ceriiri- I
ccAes to 4iy 8 : Texas Pacific seconds Ito I
22 7 -; Wabash seconds 1% to 76; and Wisconsin
Central Bves certificates ■- : j to 46.
in tforer n:>-nt bonds, §1,633,000 coupon fours of
19-J5 brou«hl 117yi@iU7%: $20,700 registered
lours of 1907. 110, aud $30,000 registered fours !
of 1925, 117S' 8 c
■ <.rain. . '
. FLOUR — Dull, steady, unchanced.* Southern j
fiour— Steady, unchanged. I'.ye flour— Dull, easy,
at ■$2 4<lid.v 85. Buckwheat nour,sl 25(<£1 35. J J?
BUCKWHEAT— 4Ife42c :
CORNMEAL— Steady; yellow Western, $2 20©
2 25; Brandvwine, S'2 20.
KYK— Nominal.
BAKLKY— Nominal: No. 2 Milwaukee, 45c;
ungraded Western, 40®47c. .
KARLF.Y Nominal.
WHEAT— Fairly active, stronger. No. 2 red,
more and elevator. 79%c; afloat, »li, c; i. o. b..
fcO3/g<£Bl%u; ungraded red, 67@81c; No. 1 North
ern, 75c.
Options were moderately active and Irregular,
closing steady at Vtjjl^hc advance, following the
West and on local covering, with a better export
demand. MayandJulv most 'active.' No. red,
February, 72%c; March, 735/sc; May, 713.ic:
June, 7is/ 8 c; .1u1y,755/gc.
('i)KN— firm. No. 2, 36c elevator; 37y«c
afloat. '-
Options dull ainl i/gc higher, with only a local
tradr. May and July only months traded in. Febru
ary, 365 B ?: May, 36y c: July, 37c.
OATs— Moderately active, iirm.
Options <iu;i, steady. February, 2514c; May,
2Sy c. Spot pnre.H: N0.2, 25y 4 feiVsi/.c; No.U white,
2(i-'-iC; No. 'I Chicaco. 'Jti' 4 (d,Siii/nc: No. 8, 243/10;
Ka 3 white, i!sr<Sv;si/ 2 c: . mixed Western, 26®27c;
white rsiateund Western, 'J7@'-'Bi/2C.
FEED BRAN— 62»/.fd.65c.
MIDI>LINUS-65@6"7y 2 c
RYE FEED-65@70c.
J'l-ovinions. -
BEF.F— Quiet, steady; family, 10@12c:
BEEF. HA Mb- Inactive; "*l4 aOfo;l6- tierce
beef. -dull, Stead) : city xtra India mers, $lo@
16 60; cut meats. <iui«t, unchanged.
LAHD— Quiet, steady; Western steam. 85 72V«*
city, $3 10: May. S5 BS. Ketined, inactiw conu
nerit, $S 95: s. a.. $880; compound. $4 75.
J'OP.K— Dull: mess. «10 60@10 75. .
BUTTER— Choice, rirnit-r, >.ood demand: state
dairy, fl-rd. iku: do creamery, held 13@17c: W r estern
dairy, 9>/ 2 s.i;>.- ; do crwuoMry, I3<a2oc: do hold
1-J(g,l7c; uo factory. K\l.<aViv; Elglns, SOc; Imita
tion creamery. ll@15c; rolls. lifeline.
CHEESE— Faird>manrt: State, large, 6@loc: do
fancy. JOI/4C: do small, 6@loy c; part skims, '31/4 '
©7c: full skims, lVi(S3c. *
Ef.<iS— Liberal supply, weak; State and Penn
sylvi-.ulh 13<aJ al /2 c: Southern, 12@12y-.c; do case, !
$1 7f(g'.i tSS: Western, iresh, l-Ji/ 2 @l3c; limed,
CU«e, »'.'(o,;-!.
TALLOW— steady: city. 313-16e; coun
try. 3«i@4c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, easy: Crude. 2ly 2
(a-.".'. ; prime yellow, *_'6c: do off grade, 25i,- 2 c.
KESlN— Quiet, firm; strained, common to good,
$1 0«l(Ji,l 62i/i.
TUKPENI Quiet, easy; 29y @;>93 / c .
POTATOES— Quiet, weak; unchanged.
' RICE--l.iichßTig.-d. ' ?'.-* - .
MOLASSES— Quiet: unchanged.' , • ...
COFFEE— : 6 ami 10 points dowp. March,
$12 6&<sl2 7U: May. 512 O5@J2 25. Spot Kio dull,
•teady; No. 7, lZ*Mfi. - . ;
bUGAR— strong, quiet; fair refining, 334c; [
centrifugals, 96 test, 4y 8 c; refined, active, strong,
unchanged.
Fruit and Produce. v'.-fV--:
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots— Bags, 98,4
@12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 4i-:.@S 1 /2c: peeled, 14
@]sc. - - • .
PRUNKS-Four sizes, 3V&@si.4c
RAISINS — Clusters, 25(g>l 40: do London
layers, 80@90c: do loose Muscaiel. 4-crown. 4y
sc; do S-crown. 3i/4@3y 2 c:
AI.MONDb— Soft-shell, 7y 3 @Bc; do paper-shell,
11 (a) 12c.
WALNUTS— Soft-shell, Bi.z@loc; standard, Ci/i
@7c.
•HOPS— Quiet: firm; unchanged.
OO L— Quiet; lirm: unchanged. ■
Merchandise-
PIG IRON— Fair demand; unchanged.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. $10 75.
LEAD— Firm. Domestic, $3 l"i;>.
TlN— Easy. Straits, $13 30; plates, moderately
active.
SPtLTEK-Qulet. Domestic, 84.
CHICAGO BLAKKBTg.
CHICAGO, li.u, Feb. 19.— A fair amount of
"long" wheat came on the market this morning.
l"he sales of one house were supposed to be for the
iccourit of a prominent holder, but it was not be
jeved tiiat he parted with more than a moderate
proportion of his holdings. There was selling for
scattered owners and the aggregate made a very
;ood amount. Tbe cold weather lighter North
.vestern r«'Ceipts, 332 cars against 439 last Wednes
lay aud 420 a year ago. were " instrumental in
irming prices at the opening, but it was soon itp-
Mureai that there was more wheat seeking a mar
vet than there was a demand for, the inevitable
•esuit being a break of about lc. Liverpool cables
.vere weak and 3 4 d lower. Receipts at Chicago
,vere 164 cars an d 87,704 bushels were withdrawn
rora store. Export clearances were light at 102,
--*33 bushels. Closing Continental cables were gen
erally lower. About noon prices recovered the
Drevious loss, early short sellers turning buyers.
Large sales of cash wheat at New York and
'hiCHgo inspired the strength. It was said that ]
iOO.OOO bushels were taken at the former place
and 200.000 bushels at the latter. May wheat
jpened from 67i>i to 65V8C sold between 65."V8
ind 64R/ c, closing at 65y 2^655/ac, 5 /8 c higher than
rester.lay. Estimated receipts lor to-morrow, 46
cars.
CORN— Quite a steady feeling existed at the
opening of the corn market, the motive for which
same from wheat. It was but reasonable for prices
to break in sympathy with the liiiiiini; market, a
moderate loss taking place. Receipts were 354
cars. There were no withdrawals from store. 1
Liverpool cables were quiet and unchanged. Ex
port clearances amounti-d to 170,700 bushels.
rhe subsequent recovery of wheat helped corn, a
rally takinir place. May corn opened at 30c, de
clined to 295/s@'J93'4c and rallied to and closed at
30c, l/gC higher than yesterday,. Estimated re
ceipts lor to-morrow, 264 cars.
OATS- Followed the direction of wheat and
corn, opening steady and afterward declining.
There was no more than a;i ordluary trade in the
pit and no transactions of especial value or import
ance. Receipts were 197 cars. There were no
withdrawals tronf store. A recovery correspond
ing with that of wheat aud corn whs noted in outs.
May closed 1 ' 8 c higher than y< -sterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow. lt>6 cars.
FLAX— Was steady; cash, 90y 2 @9lc; May, 93®
921 Receipts were 12 cars.
PROVISIONS— Were lacking in strength and '
interest. Lower hoss suggested lower product, and
declining wheat, extenaed a depressing speculative !
tone to the market. There was a recovery from I
tbe inside (iuriMs: the latter part of the session.
May pork closed 2i/<|C under yesterday. May lurd
and ribs remain unchanged.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— February, 63i/ B @63iAc; May, 65y @
655ge; July, 65s/ B @6si/ a c.
CORN — February, s>Bsi May, 30c: July, 31c.
OATS— February. ioy 8 c: Mav, 21c: July, 21@
211, ,<■.
February. $9 80: Way, $10 00; July,
$10 15.
February. $5 42y 2 : May, $5 67y a : July,
55 72y 2 .
February. «5 05: May, *5 221/3; July,
*5 32 y .
Livestock.'
UNION STOCKYARDS, Ilt-. Feb. 19.— The
supply of cattle to-day was liberal. There was a
fair trade at a decliue of 10c. Offerings of hozs
were large and buyers forced a decline ot 2V2(aisc.
At the decline a good business was transacted.
The sheep market was steady. '1 he receipts were
fair.
OATTLE— Receipts. 21,000. Fancy beeves, $4 43
(a,l 60; good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600 pounds,
$3 80(<k4; medium steers, 1150 to 1300 pounds. j
e0(0,3 75: feeders, 900 to 1200 pounds, $3 fill'.ii :
3 85: stocKers. 600 to 900 pounds, $2 60@3 50:
COWB, poor to good cauners, -lil 50@"- 4U; veal
calves, good to choice, $s'2f>@U J5; calves, com
mon to good. $3 05@3 10: bulls, choice to extra,
53@3 60: Texas fed steers, .*:h 10(<£3 90; Texas I
bul;s, oxen and cows. f 2 35®3 25.
HOOB— Receipts. 28,000. Heavy packing and j
shipping lots. $3 95fa)4 17V 2 : common to choice I
mixed. $3 B6(g>4 20: choice 'assorted, $4 17 y:>@ !
4 22' ; light, *4(a)4 25: phts. $3 25@4 15.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18.0U0. Inferior to Choice, I
$2 50(£3 SO; lambs, $3 25(g,l 65.
NEW YOUK STOCKS.
* ~
Bonds, Exchange, Money aud Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at 3('44°»: last
loan at 3%, and closed offered at 3 . Prime mer
cantile paper. 6@7%. Bar silver, 67y-»c. Mexican j
dollars, 63%@54%C. Sterling excnan«« easier. with
aci'ial tiusvjea.t in Dai»K*>ri' bills at $4 BKi 4 (a,4 8654
for sixty dsys ana 64 b7V<>@4 87% for Uenjar,<l.
Posted ratps. $4 87f#4 88V2- Commercial bills. j
$4 i>syi@4 feß. Government bonds strong; >iate 1
bonds doll; railroad bonds higher and active. j
Silver at the board was stronger.
ILCPINB STOCKS.
Am Tel Cable.... 92 (Norfolk <t \Ves - ... 2W,
Atchlson- 16y ' Preferred 7y 3 !
Preferred 253 /!t .North American... 5s/ 8 .
Adams t-xpress...l4B Northern Pacirlc.. 4i ;
Al;on,TerreHautfe. 58 ; I'referred 1>:< s 1
'American Express.lll Nonnwesiern......l«4
American Tobacco. 80 l Preierred 145
I'rcferrea IOH2 N. Y. Central 5*73^
Bay State (Jas i 8 1 /;; -N .Y. Chicago&S.!. 12 i /a
Baltimore <s.Ohla. 36 , Ist preferred..... 65
BmnswicK I-auus.. a ,i id preferred 28i, a •
P,i.ltalo. Koch &P. 10y a ! N. Y. &N. H... ; 184
C'cnacta Facitic 5i iN. Y.«SNew Eng. 4tj
Cnn&da Southera,. 491-i, N. Y. Susq <k \V... t>y a !
Canton 60 7/ 8 | Preferred 27i
Central Pacific... 15 Ontario. 10i/ 3 1
Ches.<fc Ohio 17.y 8 Ontario & Western. 15i /4
C'hlcaKO Alton ....1"* tiegon Improvmt. --/ 3
Preterrea 170 I Preferred
Chicago. H. & Q.... f-05/g Oregon' Navigation. 10
Chicago <St E. 111... 43 jOreeon Short, Jjue. Ml4 i
Preferred H'O jl'acilieMau 29
Chicagouas 6«y 8 Peona. D.& Evans. 3i
Cleve<t I'ntsburg.l'jO IPlttsbunj A. W pfd. 17
Consolidation Coal. 32. Pullman Palace...
Consolidated Gas..l&7 [QniCksllvetr iy
C. C. C. & St. Louis. HSVi Preferred.... 15y 2
Preferreu 90 |Reaaing 13i/ 2 I
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 3234 RioGrande&Westa it>
Preferred 9JJ Preferred 44
Cotton Oil Cert 17 Rock Islana T.i
Commercial Cable. 153 P.omeWat &Ogdenllsy a j
Del. iludson 127 1 ■'■. Kt. L. <t S. W 0
De!.LackiWeslernlf.iy 2 Preferred 12
Dfnverctlt.o 18 >'au! 77y I
Ptelerred 47 ! Preferred., 139
Distiller* lH'-4|St. Paut& Dulnth. 25
General Electric... Hl*/sl Preferred 9j
Erie.. 16 ■• fii.Y't>.\ii & Omaha_ lOVa !
Preferred 2d ": Preferred 122
Fort Wayne 162 St. P. AI. <fc Al 109
GreatNorihernuia.llo Mlver Ccrtincat--.. 67%
fireoniiay y 3 Southern l'acitlc. 20
Harlem 29^ .toutnern li. K 10>>i
Hockine Coal :; .i Preferrea 32
HockniK Valley... 17 ,bunar Refinery 1153/ 8
Hcmestake 30 I Preferred JOO''^
H. <t Texas Conu. 1/3 lenn. Coal <& Iroa 33y 2
Illinois Central.... 94y 2 j Preferred 100
lowa Central 9 V2 1 Tex as Pacific Mi/ 3 j
Preferred 86 I ol.A.A.<fe N.liica. '
Kansas Texas.. _ IS !'j 01. & Ohio Cen.... 10
Preferred....^.... 295/ ] Preferred. 65
Kingston <fe Pern... 3 iiol.St.LoulsiK.a 5
Lake Erie <fc Westa -'I'U Preferred 1-'
Preferred 7l Union Pacific 73/» !
La^e Shore I*l l ,^ U. P.. Den. <fc Oult. 47/8 i
Natictiai Lead 2 y.. U .S. Cordage ... r.t.*
Preferred.'... ■ Ssy 2 Preferred 11. i
Lone Island S3 . Guaranteed .21
Louisville «t Nasii. 5) 'i> U. S. Express. 43
Louisville Na& Cu. 9^4 L. t. Leather 10%
Preferred Al .\> i Preferred 68V2 !
Manhattan Consot.l'-'.Ti/i U. S. Ruober xti'li
Mempms <fc Charls. 15 ! Preferred H5
Mexican Central... 10 |Utica<fc 15. River.. 151
Michigan Central.. 9 ty ! Wab. S. L. ifc Pac.. 7Vs
Minn <£.;-$. L — • ' " Prelerred ;.. IBV2
Preferrea — Wells-Farc0........ '58
Mln:i. »t St, Lcom. 20i'± Western Union.... 85 4
Ist preferred B'i |Wls Central 3
2d preferred...... 493 / i;Wheellng <t L. E.. 12
Missouri Pacific 22 8 ! Preferred. 3Sy»
Mobile Ohio 23^'Am Cotton Oil Dfd. 67V i
Nashville Chatt.... 65 W V Beef 9y
National Li useed.. l!i L I Tractiou ...... 21 y
N. J. Central 107 ,8:Ann Arbor 10
« 1 « «•• ■» « ■ R'lVm.
U P4s, re« 109:t; M K T2ds 603/
Eo, 4s coupon... ilo ' I D0, 45.....; 85i.
C B 4s r.e-.v 1175/ 'Mutual Union 65... 115
Vo, 4s coupon... 1 17»/4 N J Cent Gen 65...11«y
Do. 2s 95 Northern Pac lsts.ll6
I)o, 6s ...... .....113 Do. 2d8......'.....11iy 2
l!o. 6s coupon.... llMJ4 L>o, JWs. ... ... 76, "
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 'Nonnwest Consols.l 39
Do. 1897 100 L-o.ceb 8e 108
1)0.1898 100 OR&Nlsts.. 109
]Jo. J899 10 'BvLAlronMtGenSg BtJ
Pacific 6s of '86.... — . IW LA BFGwn 6». 106 r 'ii
D. C. 3-6 6s 110 ift Paul Consols 127
Ala Class A 4 108 St. P. C. * P lsts.Hsy 3
Do. laes 84, ss. lUS | Dc, Pac Cal ists_ 110
I.n ' ■;.•■■.! i : 99 If-outhern K. R. ss. 93
Missouri fandtac-.— Texan Pacific firus 87
N Carolina con 65..122 Texa>i Pacseconas. ■ lt'4%k
Do, 4s ..: .loas/g Gnionl'ao lstof 96.10^14
Fo Carolina 4V^s...H>6 r> H^cst Sh-jre 45.:...106-
Tena new ss S7V4 Mobile ct Ohio 45.. OH'4
Va funding debt... 6iy 2 RUrandeWettlsia 70i..
Do. reic. .-."...' ■ ( lies <t O6s 1091/I
Do. deferral 65... Alciilson 4s ...... 77
Do. trust rcpts st 6- \ Do. 'ids A........; 2«v
Canoca South 2ds.. iVi iu HA S A 65... . 105
Cen Pac l8t« 0f '95.101 1 Do, 2d 7s. . . 101l
Den&RO Ist 113 H & Tex Cent 61..
Ho. 4g..... ....... 89 - Do.con 65........104
rle2<Js 78 Reading 4».. ....... 78%
Kansas Pa Consols 73 ! Missouri 6a 100
Ks p« lets fcn divlOßVil -
FOKJEIG3N MARKETS.
wrtTAT IN' I.JVKRPOOL. ,'.'•• -^
LIVERPOOL. ENo..,Feb. 19.— ihe spot market
Is qulot at 5s Birtjd@sslod. Cargoes are dull at
28s 6d arrived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool cmotatlons for -No. 2 Red Winter: Feb
ruary, 5s 6i^.l; March. 6s BVid; Aorll, 656»/id;
Way, 5s 6»/i<l; June, 5s 7d.
6KCUBITIKS. ;
LONDON. En B>l Feb. 19.-Consols. 1095/g; sil
ver, 30 15-1 Bd: French Rentes, 102f 65c •
ffTE SAN FHANCISCO CAT.I,, THTTRSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION,
Sterling Exchange, 60 day5......... — : $48684
Sterling Exchange, 5ight....... .... — 48H
MerlinK Cables — 4 88 Vi
New York Exchange, 5ight. ........ — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, jounce — j, 67y 2
Mexican Dollars 63% ' 64yi
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AM) OTHEIt GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Ross-shire takes for Sydney 77,
--677 centals, valued at 895,000.
The market showed no particular change yes
terday. Futures followed Chicago up and down.
No. 1. $1 iay W ctl; choice. $1 133,4; lower
Grades. $1 UsCg(l 10; ealra ; choice lor milling,
$1 2a^@i 27%:
CA!,L BOARD BALKS.
IxronsiAi, sfssion— lo o'clock — May — 100
tons, $1 143/ 8 : 900. $1 I414: 200, $1 14V 8 ; '200,
$1 14; 200, #1 IS%: «uo. $1 IS*4: 100, si i35 /8 .
400, $1 18i 2 ; 100, $1 13V4: 100<>, $1 18%. l>e
cember—»oo. $1 18%; 100, *1 13S, 8 : 600. $1 13:
11110, $1 13y*. Seller '»t>, new, 'storage paid—
2CO, $1 lOVfe.
Rkguur .MORNi.vn Session— May— loo tons,
$1 l4i- 8 ; •-'OO, $1 14; 300. $1 13%; 500. $1 135/ 8 ;
600. *1 1835.. December— loo. $1 135/ B ; 2UO,
.fl 13V2: 30u, SI. 1334. Seller '96, new, storage
pa;d-HOO, $1 11.
Aftkrnoox - Skssion— 6oo. tons, $1 14i/ ;
800, $1 14V*; 700, $1 143.' 8 ; 100, ifl 141/2'. 2()oi
$1 14. December— 3oo, Kl 14; 100, $1 l4Vi;
2800. $1 141,3. Seller '96, new, storage paid— 3oo,
$1 1H 9()y, *1 lli/ 8 .
BARLEY— Ihe market continues quiet. Feed,
67Vb@70c "$ ctl; choice, 71V«@72^c; Brewing,
76!g.8^ Vac
CAT.r, BOARD BALES.
Isfosval Skssion— lo o'clock— No sales.
Kkouuar mossing Session— May— 2oo tons,
72%c: 100,725/ c
. Aktkrxoon skssiox— May— loo tons, 73Vkc
OATS— Very dull at. ttie decline. Milling. 72y 2 @
80c ctl fancy Feed, 80@85c: good to choice. 7»%
@80c; common to fair. (g»7oc; Gray, 72y 2
80c; • Ked, for seed, $1(0.1 05; Black, for seed,
90c@?l 20;. Surprise, 90c@$l.
CORN — Receipts irom .Nebraska continue, as
will be seen elsewhere. The market is weak and
very dull. Large Yellow, 90fg92i/2C 1* ctl; Hmall
Hound do, $l(g;l 05: White, 80<g;85c.
KYK— Quoted at 80@833,4 V ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Is now scarcer and held higher
at $I@l 26 %i cU.
" FLOUR ANO MIL,L,STUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
f 8 90@4 ■£ bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 80@3 So;su
perflne, $2 75@2 85 *$ bbl.
tORXMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $20 50@21; •
Cracked <"orn, 821(a-21 50 $ ton.
MI LLSTUFFS— I'nces ii\ 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
234c; Rye Flour, 31./4C; Rice Flour. 7y->c; .Corn- j
meal, 2%@3c: extra -cream do, Oatmeal, I
3 4 c ■; Oat Groats. 4y c: Hominy, 4(S>4yic; Buck
wheat Flour. 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3JoC: Farina,
4y 2 c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Kolled Oats, 4v c;
Pettrl Barley, 4y 2 c; Split Peas, 4^o; Green do,
51/4C f4 tb.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— sl3@l4 50 "& ton. jobbing rates.
Minni.l.N(i>— sl6 6O@lß for lower grades up to
#20 f< ton for the best. /
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley, SlG@l7 ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 ft ton; jobbing,
i »21 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, *21.
AY— Nothing new. Wht'at is quotable at
I $B@l2 $ ton; Oat. $B@9; Wheat and Oat. $tk&
11 Barley, $7(59; Alfalfa, 57(0,9; Clover.s6@B 50;
Compressed, $7csilO 60; Stock, $6(&7 s* ton.
KTRAW-35&60C D bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS — Prices have made no material change
for weeks. Bayos, $I@l 15 V ell; Small Whites, j
$1 25@1 55 %i ctl; Pea, $1 50Ca,l 65 $ c!l;
Large Whites, $1 15@1 27V 3 ; Pink, 90c@?l 20;
Reds, $1 50@l 65: Blackeye, $1 80@l 90; Red
Kidney. $1 75(§tl 80; Llmas, $2 25@2 65; Butters
$1 60@l 75 "tf ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 95
@-J 06 ft ctl: Trieste, $2@2 140 ft ctl; Yellow Mus
tard. $1 40@l 60; Flax. #1 70@l 75;Canarv, 3Vi i
@3V 2 c ft !b: Alfalfa 6@7c ft lb; Rape, is @2c ft ■
tt>: Hemp, 4c V* tb. 1
DRIED PEaS-$1 25@1 40 ft ctl for Niles and
$1 25(g,l 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES,
POTATOES— EarIy Rose are lower. New
Potatoes are quotable at 3f<s4c ft lb; Stockton
j Sweets, $1 50; Merced Sweets, $2@2 25 ft ctl: Sa
i linas Burbanks. 60@9(>c ft ctl: Kiver Burbanks,
! 506z,40c ft sk: Oregon Burbanks, 351360c; Orecon
Garnet Chi:es. 50(a.b0c; itiver Reds, Bo@6oc ft ctl;
Early Rose, 55@65c: l'etalumas and Tomales, 35 I
I @46c.
j ONIONS— to choice quoted at 70(g.85c ft !
! ctl; Cut Onions. 40(g,85c; Oregon. $I©l J5 ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs of Asparagus were 38 !
! boxes Aimos' all summer kinds are weak. Cu- !
i cumbers are quotable at 76c@$2 ¥*dnz: Asparagus, |
! 10(g;12V'2C ft lb for ordinary and 15c for choice: '
Rhubarb, 10c ft lb; Mushrooms. £@15c ft lb;
Dried Peppers, B@iloe i* lb; Green Peppers.
12 l/ 2 c ft lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $I@2 V. box;
1 Green Peas. 3(a,5c %i lb lor 1-os An^e'.es and He for
Bay; Strins; Beans. 12y 2 rg,lsc %* lb; Dried Okra,
12y 2 c; Cabbage, 4i @50c 'H ctl; Garlic, 4@sc & lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $'l£>(o,2U : f* ton.
BUTTEK, ; CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market Is steady with moderate '
stocks.
Cbeamkry — Fancy, 28@29c "f tb; special
; brands go hlpbjCr; seconds, 26@27V%c %♦ Jb.
' T'aiky — Fancy, 26@27c: pood to choice, 24®
j 25c; lower grades, 22 Vj@23y c.
frn— Ladle-packed, 13@l8c t 1 lt>.
1 CHKErsE-Fancy. mild new, 12y 2 @l3c ?^ Ib; ;
I common to good. 10@12c Cream Cheddar, 12((613c ■
! ■%4 lb; Young America, 12'g)13c; Western, 12y 2 (g)
■ 13c; Eastern, 13@14c.
EGGS— Prices continue to decline. store Eggs, ;
j 14c; ranch Egßs, 15@lBc, with extra choice :
bringing 17c $ dozen.
rOUI/TKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The Eastern stock is cleaned up at !
! last, but another car will be on the market to-day. !
Turkeys are lower and dull. j Hens are steadier. '.
I Young l'.ooaters and Broilers are still higher and ;
very linn.
Live Turkeys, 10@llc lb for Gobblers and 12c
! for Hens: Dressed TurKevs, 12@14c: Geese "$
pair. $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $4 50(0.6 for old and $0 I
, ca.7 for you n?; liens, sf3 no(a.i 50 t* doz: /Joosters, ■
( young, $5 sOrds 50: do. old7 $: J , 50@i: Fryers, •?.'>; ;
Broilers, $4 50 for large anil $3 50@4 for small;
! Pigeons. $2@2 25 %4 doz for young and $1 25®
1 1 50 for old. \
j GAME— Is out of favor, noborlv wants it and '•
i quotations are nominal. Elan is quoted at 5c I
' doz; Rabbits, $I@l 25 for Cottontails and 75c for '
i Bmnll: Gray Geege, $1 25fa.l 75; White Geese, i
j 5U(0,76c; Brant, 75c@$l: Honkers, $1 25@1 75.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FKUITS. !
APPLES— BSc@SI ■?, box for good (o choice, 50 {
j @75c for common to fair and 51 25@1 60 for fancy. j
crißt.'s FRUITS-Orangps are quotable at |
75c@$l 24for Seedlings atii!sl 75rai2 75forNaveis; !
I frozen stock goes down to nothing; Lemons, $l(/i
! 1 50 for common and $2fia 50 for pood to choice: •
j Mexican Limes. $5©5 50: California Limes. 65(<$ '
: 85c: Bunanas, $1 25@2 60 bunch; I'inoapples, $2 '
1 (Qb t 1 dO7ei<
DKIED IRUIT.S, KAISiNS, NUTS; ETC.
DRIED FitUlTS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Cakload Lots— Apples, 2y;.@3c # lb for quar- j
j tered, 3@3y 2 c %1 lb for sliced and 414c f, lb for |
' evaporated; .Teaches. 3Vi>fa.4c ib and sy«@6c
i for fancy; peeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots, fyoO 1
; (-.• _„• for prime 10 choice. 9y a c for fancy and lu<g
i lie t lb for fancy Moorparlc: Pigs, blacK. 2yoc !
! for unpressed: White Figs. 4@sc in sacks;. Pears,
' 7c 'B lb for evaporated halves. 4fri6y2C %n lb lor !
1 fjimrters: rrunos. 3%c: Plums, 4c f) tb for pit- ;
j ted and iy 2 @2y 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, s(g)6c
1 Iff. lb for prime to choice and 6V?c for fancy.
Jobbing Pbicxk— Apples, 4@4y a c: Peaches. 3® I
: 4c and 5c for Jaucy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12i'ac; I
I Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c f lb for 4.0@50's !
I and 5c for 50<Vj,B0's; Apricots. 6@9y c for prime to
Choice and lu@llc for fancy Jloorpark: Figs, !
I black, 21 4@23.4c: White Figs. 3Cg)sc; Pears. 6y c j
i for evaporated halves and 'Ma,b\\,c for qnarters; j
j Plums, 3i/2@4c lor pitted ana . i@li/ c tor un- j
■ pitted: NectarinPß. 4(^6c 1?. lb for. prime to choice. '
RAISINS AND Dl-.IED GRAPES— Prices areas i
I follows, carload lot f. o. b. San Kranclsco: Lon- '
! <ion layers, fc6@9oc y> box; four-ciown, loose, 3»/i,c |
lb; three-crown, loose, 2y±c Q tb; two-crown, !
] Vc: seedless Sultanas, 3 3 /4@4c; seealess Muscatels, \
1 2i y '2@2 4c: three-crown J.ondon layers, 70c: clus- j
; ters, $1 35@1 CO; Dehesa <-lusters. $2 10@2 25:
In:penal clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2y o
j1? tb. . . . , ...V-. 'i. ■:
-1 .lobbino PBICKS — Four-crown loose, 3c: 3- '
1 crown, '2i/4(§j2y2c: 2-crown, 13 @2c; Seedless Sul
tanns. 3-y (ii.4c:Sfe'Jleßs Muscatels, 2y 2 c; 3-crown
London layers, 85etgi$l; clusters, $1 40@l 50
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, f'J 76
Dried G rapes, 2y c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@Bc iS Ib: Walnuts. 7<aßc
! lb for No. 1 hard and 9@9y 2 for ROUshell, Job
j liiiic lots; Almonds,. 6fa>7y c for Languedoc and
B^@loc tor paper-shell,, jobbing; I'eanuts, s@6c
for i-.a.stern at.d 3i/ 2 (s4i,<jC for California; Hickory
Nuts, s@6c; I'ecaiis, 6c for rough and Bc. for pol- I
ished; Filberts, 8(5,9r; Brazil .Nuts, 7y @Bc fl lb: \
Cocoaniits. $4 50ra,5 V 100.
lIOXEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c Ib j
for bright and 8r0,9c ■$ lb for lower grades; water- 1
wbite extracted, 6@5y 3 c "ft Ib; light amber ex- j
trncted, 4i.4@43,ic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEEbWAX— ~f! Ib.
PKO VISION'S.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Gi/ c ij* Ib for heavy,
7i- 2 c for light medium; 9y a j for light. 30y 2 cfor
extra light and 12Va'2 for sugar-cured ; ; Eastern
Suear-curea Hams. I liy-c: California Hams,
10&10V»c; Mesa iJeef, $8 # bbl; extra mess rto,
«8 50; family do. $10: extra prime Pork, *« # bbl:
extra ciear. *1« "J» bbl; mess, $14 "f> bbl: Smoked
B^-ef. 10®10y 2 c -$ Ib.
LARD— tierces, Is quotable at 6V2C '^
Ib for compounu and 8c for pure; pails, BV<jC: Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6V2C for pure;
hnlf-bbls, 63 ic: 10-lb tins, 7Vsc; do 61b, 7-%c ■# tb. I
COTTOLKNE— 7y c In tierces and 8c V lb in 10
--lb tins. •
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlN'S— Heavy salted steers. 7c
*& Ib: cuils aud brands. 6c %* &>: medium. 6c: culls
and brands. sc; light sc; culls aud brands, 4c: Cow
hides. 6@5y 2 c: culls and brands, 4@4V2C; salted
Kld. Be Ib; salted' c:alf, 8c %4 lb; salted Veal.
6c: ory Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands, 7®7ync;
drv Kin and Veal,- 9c: culls. 6i/ Ca<7c: dry Calf,
16c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20®35c each: Kids, sc;
Deerßkins, good summer, 25(a)30c: medium. : 16(^
25c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(cB
15cep/-h: short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 4j3 J
■. ' "
@50c each ; long wool, 65c eacn. Cuils of all kinds
about i/,c less. • , v — '. \r
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3y 2 @4c: No. 2, So;
refined. 5%c; Grease, 2y a c 9 lb. ■ :■■ -
WduL— e quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
jron. y@llc p> lb; San Joaquin and Southern. 3@
6c: Nevada, 9c lb. •' ' . v':^
HOPS-3@6c ■$ B>.
GENERAL. 3IERCHANDISI3.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 12y a @4 i!5: San Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags,
24@26c
COAL— Wellington is Quotable at $8 ton; New
Welllnnton. $8: Southiieli Wellington. %$7 60
%*■ t°n: Seattle, $s(cu.i 60: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay,
$i 50; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50: Brvmbo,
87 50: Cumberland. $13 50 in bulk and *lu in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, Sl3; Welsh An
thracite Egg, - ; Cannel.sß; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, f7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 60 13 ton in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5 14c:
1 Confectioners' A, sVsc: Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra
C, 4 Vac; Golden C, 43/ c; half-barrels, 14c more
than barrels, and boxes Vbc more.
SYKUP— Golden, in bbla, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
Sal. - ; ■'- -.-•.' ■?[:
SAN FBANCISCO MEAT; BIARKET.
Vholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers areas follows:
BEEF— First quality. 5V' 2 c; second, quality,
*y2@sc; third do, Hi/ 3 @4c V- lb.
VKAL— Large, B@t>c; small. 6(<if7c f* Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. eVi® : Ewes, 6@6y a c
T? lb.
• LAMB— Spring Lnmb, 12y 2 ; yearlings, 7@Bc
t . lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4V4c for large and 4Vi@
4S- c for small; dressed do, s®6Vic lb. . • •■■ -
RECKIPTS OF INTERIOR. PRODUCE.
FOR '-'4 HOtTBS.
lonr, qr. 157.014 Middlings, 5ka..... 265
Wheat, ctls 72,681|Hides. no 170
Barley, ctls ' 3.090 Pelts. Ddls.. 60
Oats, ctls 530:Wine. gals... 67,600
Corn, N'ebr. ctls. . I.B7sißrandy, gals 250
Beans, 5k5......... 400;Bntter, ctls 277
Potatoes, 5k5...... 1,7:-!B.Cheese, cils 131
Oregon. 475iEggs, doz 11,790
Onions, sks ]63;Quicksllver, fla^lci 45
Hay. t0n5.......... Lime, bbls.... 120
Bran, 5k5........ Lumber, M feet... 10
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was rather more tone yesterday after
noon and most stocks hardened several cents,
.though trading continued dull.
Bullion valued at ;rl«7;> has been received from
the May (lower gravel mine
(iiuv Kaolk— For the past week they have
made 18 feet of tunnel, most all in !>edrock. The
formation at faca is bedrock, 3y 2 feet of blue
gravel on the bottom an 1 roment and boulders on
top. The bottom gravel will average by pan pros
pectlng $6 to the car, and the gravel Is improving.
Savaok— From the north prospecting drift on
the eighth floor from the north upraise above the
950 level they are stoping ore; below and above the
drift from this opening and the east crosscut stope
on this level they have extracted during the week
sixty-two cars of ore, the average assays of which
are $36 12 per ton. The north drift from the
twelfth Moor of the north upraise is advanced 16
feet ana continues to show bunches of fair-grade
ore. On the 750 level they have retimbered and
repaired the main west drift from the station a
distance of 65 feet.
The Julia Consolidated and Crown Point assess
ments fall delinquent in office to-day.
An oiUcial letter from the Occidental Consoli
dated says: • •
5,">0 level— JTave doue no work in the west cross
cut daring the week. Have cut out and timbered
a station at the foot of upraise 4 to receive tne
engine and air compressor lately purchased by the
company.
650 — The main northwest crosscut started
at a point 210 feet north Of the winze station lias
been extended 15 feet through hard porphyry;
toral length, 374 feet. The north drift from said
northwest crosscut has been driven in 13 feet:
total length, 119 feet; iace in low-grade ore. The
souUi drift from said crosscut is In 57 feet, and a
crosscut to the east is being run from the end of
the drift.
750 level— The west crosscut started in the north
drift at a point 310 feet north of the main winze
has been extended 17 feet: total length, 169 feet,
and continues in hard tiornhvry.
BOAUii SALES.
Following were the sales In the Saa Francisco
KtocK Board yesterday;
RF.OUI.AK MOBXIVfI WKHHTONT rfIMWF.WIfU 30.
100 Alta 13150 CC\tV...2.05 100 Ovrmn..
100 Benton...36looMexi<;an..s7i BO Union.... 53
200 Ch011ar....62i10v) 0pht7...1.26 Y Jackt..37
A*TKRNOON" fiKSSlfiv—
200 Alta 14 100 Challnge..39 300 Mexican.. 6o
600 Andes.... 15 100 Crown Pt.4o 50 Uccid...1.05
200 Beicner...26 50 39 200 Overmn...lß
•JOO IWfc 8....82h00G <t C 42 100 Potou 53
100 8u11i0n. ...11 200 H&N ....1.20 100 Utah 11
500 Bulwer...lß I
Following were the sales Jn tha Paclfto Stocic
Board yesterday: . . ..-.;..
BKorrtn .wiov-!i-11,
200 Alnha 13j200Ch0nar....62 200 0cc1d...1.00
200 Andes 1200 63 200 1.02y 3
hOO 8e1cher....25 500 CC&V.. 2.05 200 Ovrran.
200 B«iB 78 200 2.07y>300 Potosi 52
300 79!400 Exchqr....os 200 .'.53
200 80200 li & C 41|400 Savage 49
500 8u11i0n. ...121800 H.5N... 1.20:500 S B& M...07
1100 8u1wer..16!200 Justice. ...ll 700 SNev 41
400 17500 Ken1ck....0650051l Hi11.... 02
300 <a1eda....07 300 Mexican.. 400 Unton C...54
200 Cha11ne...37 400 59j200 UUih 12
200 Conti.... 1.00 400 0ph1r...1.30 : 500 Y JacKet..39
300 C P0int. ...39- I
a ftb r srnos ncssio s-— i■. ti.
100 Alta 15 MM) C Point. .40400 0ph1r1.32y 2
400 Andes 16 300 O at' C......4T200 I'otosi 5a
300 8e1c1ier....25 ; 20'J IKtX 1.22 V^00 Savage... .so
800 B<fc B 800 Julia 400 Scorpion..o3
200 Kodie 100 Kentuck..O(i 200 S Xev....42
100 Cha11ge... 37,200 Mexlcan..6O 200 Union 54
100CC«fcV2.07V 2 200 Mono 14 400 YJaclcet..4O
100 C0nn... .1. 00450 Occldl.o2y l
CLOSING OUOTATION3.
WE DAY. Feb. ltt-4r.w.
Bi*.A*krH.\ . Bld.Atk'.d.
Alpn» Con 14 15 Jackson 40 50 i
Alta 14 15Julia. — 06
Andes 14 16 Jnstice... 10 12
Belcher 25 27jt>" entucK. .....; 05 06 !
Best&Belcnec 81 82 1-ady Waah — -06
BentonCon.... 35 —Mayflower.. 1.50 — i
Bodie 35 37 Mexicati 59 60 '
Bullion 10 12 Mt. Diablo....- 15 — i
Bulwer „ 18 20' .Mono .......... 12 — j
Caledonia 05 07 Nevada Queen, -r- 05 '
Challenge Con. 3H 40,Occidental..... 1.00 1.05 i
Chollar ........ 63 64 0phir. ......... 1. 30 J.35 !
Con. CRI.&Va. 2.05 Overman 17 is
Cou. litux-nai. 01 02JPotO3l b6 54 :
Conlldence 1.00 I.os;bavace.' 4S» 60 1
Con.New Yoric . — Ot*|fceg. Belcner... 07 08 i
Crown Point... 39 40 Sierra Nevtltt. 42 43 i
l.'i!HtS:-r:.».Sa» — 0-t scorpion 02 \i,— 1
Exchequer..... 05 .07 silver HiU — 03 j
lunkiicon 25 —Syndicate 02 —
Uould Jt Curry. 42 43; Union Con 63 54 1
lialt *»orcr«.l.V!o 1.25 I' tan 10 12
lowa — .i , t:.-.>-.v JacKLOC. 38 39
STOCK AND BOND KXt'HA.NGE,
WEDNESDAY, Feb. 19-2 p. ic ' .
I'MTH)BT*".'i;B BOXD3.
Bitl. AlkedJ Jild. AikecL
C S4seoup..lo9J/a — ICJ S4s rez...H6>}4 —
Do. new is. 109 y — ,|
MIS' r .LI,AXKfI!'S BONDI.
Cal-stCbless.llO — :I)o. 2d lai fis. — -_ \
CalElecL6s.lo6 — !P *O Uy 105 120
CDtimCWSa. — 100 PAChltvßs. — ]05y a !
Dpntstex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.KR6s. — 116y.,
Kilsnl.*! 1 6».105y — Keno. WL«fcL — 105
F&CHKBQs.iO7 — RiverWCoSs — 100
Gearv-stKSs. — 105 isiiotoP .<t L*. 100 11TJ*4
LoßAncLtJu. — 101 SF<feXPRR6«IOO — '
I)o,Uuted.6s.loiy 2 |bPKKAriz63 — 95
Alkt-stCMe6sl23 — |BPRRCaI6s.. 109 —
DoßvOonss..loß 10s» IsPKUCaI&s.. - 97V 2 i
NevCNstUSs. 97y 105 SPBrKCalfl*. 86V2 97V4 i
NPCRKdj. - 104 c>Y\Vater6j.. 1213/T -
NH.vCal6s.loo - BVWater4s.> t»93/ 8 100
Ry Cal ss. — 103 Stkin(;&E«ilO2 103 i
Oak Gas 55.. 102 104y ? ; bunstT&T6s. 100 —
Do. 2d lss 55.102y — Sutter-stHsa.lO9y —
Omnibus 65.. iJ9y 4 - VisaliaWCtis - W
Pacltoll.M — — '
* WATKH stocki.
Contra Costa 40 60 iSan J05e..... — »5
Alarm Ca... 49 63 ISpringValley 9R»4 9914
c/.h KT(«:Ks.
Cupltal _ 39 iPaciflc Light. — B0 r
X*""'™ 1 ---.. 93. — Kin I-Tancaco 721^ 72»4
OakOLAIL - 51 V» ! Stockton..... — ai2
PacOaslmp. ts^ 79 Vi!
I.NbITRANCK STOCKS.
FlremauaFd.ieo 170 |Bun 6Q — - : . :
COMUEKCIAIi BANK KTOCKI. i.
AmerMTi:. — — |I,on(lonP<fcA.l29 -—V
Anglo-Cal... 6814 — ILondomtSb'. ■— SO
Bank Cal.. 231 — rilerch Ex.... Vi —
CaISDATCo.. 57y 3 - Nevada.;.... — —
FlrstNatlonl.l77 180 It-ather BCa. - — '
Grangers _ —I
. < BAVxsraa bank stock*.
G^rSvtlXo.. — l»6oHnv<feLoan.. — 102J/a
HumbSJtL.looo — |Security......24O —.7
Mutual _ 41 Itniou Trust.Bos —
BFbavUulon4B2 ' 490 |
STKhKT RAILHOAD STOCKS.
C811f0rn1a....1057/« — .Oak.SLAHay — 100 '
(ienry-st 60 .70 1-resldio ..-. ; *V» —
MarKet-5t.... 45V 3 46; Suiter-sl — —
roWDEK stock*. . :'"-:'■'
Atlantic D... 15 — IJudson.. .. — '": —
California.... _ . 9« iVigont. .....— 1
«i»nt 167/ 19 . I
MIM >.Lr,ANKOtTS stokk*.
AlMkaPkrs. 93 96 OcennioSSCO — 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
ColCotMilis.. — - rac Borax... 98 100 :
CalDrvJ)oclc — • . — Pacl&NCa — 30 *
Kdlaon Light. »7 98y 2 Pac Koll Mill 29y *2Va
OasConAsso.' — ' — |ParfPftintCo. 6»/ 8 7V2
Ocrl,<ad«o. 85 92y 2 PacTrausCa — 24
HawCASl'o.. — ib», 4 lac T Co 55 - — .
HntchSPCo.. 18 ; 18y SunsetT&T.. 41 —
Judson.Mf-c. — _ jUnliedUC*. — 35
Mer AssnlOO 110 1
MORNivn ' Btsiinv. . :
Poard-50 Hutchinson S P Co. 18V a : 100 do,
181.4:, 0 PaclHc Gaslmp. 79: 1:0 t) F Gaslight,
72y 3 : 100 a V Water, 99; $5000 SV 4% Bonds,
99V2-
Street— Market-st Kailway, 465/
- AKTEBNOON HF3SION".
Board-75 Hutchinson S P Co, 18V4: 200 do, 18;
6 do, IBi/ S ; 100 Jlarkel-st Kailway, *5S^.
S:reet-10 S V Water. 99. • •
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
: GRAND HOTEL. .
PH Brook, Cal j S Phippen & w t Mayfild.
i.u. r i m ' LO3 An eles A Berg, Vallejo
v\ \\ I-ury Jr. Cal J a Perkins, Visalia
J A Jenkins, Valiey Forge W A Heathcote, Cal .
F H Rowlaud, Vallejo R T Brown Petalumft
Dli Misuer, Petalurna F G Berry, Fresno
a A Macon, Boston Mrs Rice <fe fam, Portlnd
Geo A sruall «fc w, Prtlnd Miss Harris, San Jose
M iss E Harris. San Jose Miss LucyLucas.Sta Crhz
r J Mobr<fcson, Chicgo Miss Molir, Chicago
B B Bradbury. Red Bluff M Weil, Baker City
JH it Jiartley, Auburn Mrs G\V Wilson. allejo
*■^ l J V, nter> Vallejo A C KeniotU & w, Prtlnd
8 D Ballon, S L obis J J Pratt, Yuba City
i.{ S , vv »Itoii,YubaCty Miss Walton, Yuba City
i. b -Keiley & w, Portland Mrs I M itussell, S Diego
Otto Olston, Geneva, Xeb G S Swick <t w. Oakland
W\\ ? la kl Holllster J E Harding, Los Angles
H H John&«-,V alley Forge H Q Turner, Modesto
A S Hays, Fresno H M. Stevenson & w;
i btewart <fc w, San Jose Kscondo
-*iiss A Halt. N&pa J H Jiatcher, Sacramento
li J Cninn, st, Helena \V II Hilton, Gieu Kllen
Mrs E I Knox.Baker Cty Miss I M Daley, fcitaßosa
•1 a iiustiu. Palo Alto Mrs S A Ivett, Grove
H Meinman, Sacramento D H Wyckoff, Woodland
J Kasburjj, Sac J H Denton, Minn
J H Cunningham, Minn D Mclntosh, Redding
PALACE HOTEL.
JHWafrgener.Lonisvilla CT Waltring, Louisville
i J Gosnell, Louisville D J Colton, Nevada
M Thomiin, Burlingame Mrs M Thomas, Burlgme
B F Day..U N- B A McMillan. Bait Lake
MrsF J Leouard.SltLake W H Bellow. Dutch Flat
E Giltner, Oregon 8 W Blasdell, Oregon
F J Llewlyn, Minu H P Goodmau, i\apa
-nrs H P Goodman, Xapa Miss Gooman, Xapa
Miss R CJoodman, Napa It iS'orthup, St Louis
MrsNorthup, St Louis I C King, Chicago
Pulackman. Chicago C Fitzgerald, England
A M Bergevin, Chicago A W Tredway, Dubuque
Mrs Tredway, Dubuque F Pelhani, Chicago
Miss Hennesey, Oregon M P Boss, Mexico
T J Nay, Holdcu De Witt Jackson, N Y
Mrs DeWiltJackson.NY (i Holtenhoff Jr, LsAngls
H G Mos3 & w, Alameda J F Callahan, Boston
Miss M, Carlow, Cal .. C 15 Ford, San Andreaa
A O Field. San Jose THCulborn, K Y
W K Kobinsoii, Minn J C .Slayton w, Boston
G AVallace, Freeport ' Mrs Hli Manville, Alass
G W MitchelKtw.Ls Ang Miss C Busch.LosAngeles
A C Bedford <S w, N Y CD Hazzard <fc w, Minn
Miss Jlazzard, Miun K L Bauson, Chicago
LICK HOUSE.
C E Hartwell, Newman A N Jackson, Plymouth
Miss B Hewell, Berkeley J C Bell, Woodland
K Dyer, Oakland H Peterson, Santa Kosa
K tiuklater, ship Celtifc- C Tompkins, Tulare
burn s M Heller, Cal "
K L Powell, Spokane T Harold, Victoria
N K Jionh'.v <fe \v, Piorhe A Clark, Forest Hill
Miss Ciark, Forest il ill Mrs P Beck with. Forest H
F E Baker, Woodland }1 E Robinson. Gilroy
Miss K E Woodward, Sirs . I Louttit, Stockton
!San Jose A L Bartlett & w. Cal
J A Carson, Boston K A Whetmore, Midi
11 D U I}arnhardt,S Cruz Mrs A A Dickey, Suisun
Miss N Dickey, suisun Mrs ML McKee. Stockton
K 1) Goodrich, X Y H C Morrison, Atlanta
W K Baines, Oregon He Laucy stone, N Y
Q 1) Dornin, Fulton Mrs F L Strong, Sunol
Hiss May Strong, Sunol L Klnney, Astoria.
S a Hofman, Sa:i Jose It E Moore, Woodland
B A McMillan, Salt Lake S B Hums, San Jose
B J Wright, Oakland J F McDonnell, JLos Ang
li J Morris, Los Angeles Frank White, Sac
J J Harrison, Chicago
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
L L Case, Castroville Henry Spencer, Los Ang
M X Hartz, I'hila C Kaynold, Australia
S L Jones, Chicago H Heltman, Portland
Q J Anderson, Seattle 'J J McKeggee, Vallejo
W M i'oung, San Jose M E Tinder, San Jose
J J Kammiter <fc w. SCrz F M O'Brien, Port Costa
P McQuJllm, Port Costa E II Smith, Oakland
H E McDanlel, Seattle HJJ Plaacke. Australia
S G Youngkins <t w. Cal T E Collins <t w, Fresno
S U S.-werton & w, Wyo C R Lisle, Phila
Wm Hawkins, Arizona J Durkin, Sonora
A Abbott, sonora "M T Bowland, N Y
F R Smith &w, Boston R. D lioyce <fc f, Portland
Miss Lewis, Portland J M Locke, Cincinnati
Jno McMurray, Reno Henry Wilson, San Jose
F J Johnson, Alatneda
•n;sv BALDWIN HOTEL.
II Sherwood, Fresno T J Crowley, San Rafael
ti Muson, San Jose (l T Dunlap, Oilroy
A Flbusch, Oakland W Palmtag, Hollister
Mrs A Coleman, Martinez Mi.-sK Blaesdel, Martinez
T Christieme, .-ousa'a MM ii Bice. Kansas City
F W Ralph, Illinois J T Sullivan, Fresno
W S Mitchene <fc wf, W .1 Lockwood & w, N J
Healdsburg J Hatch,' San Jose
F I) Read, USS a M Beecber, D S N
J Kellenberger, Colo Miss C Jones. Denver
A JB t^cou, Seattle G Johnson, sacto
EEAL ESTATE TBANSAGTIONS.
Klias .1. Baldwin to P. F. Dundon. lot on SE cor
ner Oak and Fillmore streets, E 100 by a 125;
$5.
H. and Priscilla Boman to John Hasslinpcer, lot
on S linf- of Ellis street, 161:3 K of Fillmore, E
22:1 by s 137:6: $10.
Forrest S. Bowley to Betsy Meyer, lot on N line
of Sacramento .street, 118:9 E of Fillmore, E 25 by
K 128; $10.
Jane Campbell to George Kelchley, lot on N line
of Hermann street, 131:3 E of Steiner, E 25 by N
120; 910.
"Margaret McElroy to Robert J. and Ellen Mc-
Elroy, lot on W line of Kroderick street, 100 S of
Fulton, S 25 by W 100; gift.
llugn and Theresa Keenan to Ellen L. Whelan,
lot on E line of Masonic avenue, 100 S of Haight
street. B2sby E 112:6; 10.
' William I- Whelnn to same, same; gift.
John J. Madsen to Catherine .7. Madsen, lot on E
line of Belvedere street, 235 N of Frederick, N 25
by E121:10y 2 : gift.
i Pacific Improvement Company to Timothy C.
Murphy, lot on W corner of Colton and Brady
■treets, 8W 99:6, SW 40, NE 25, SE 4, NE 74:6.
SE 36; $10.
Same to PHtrick H. Farrell. lot on NE line of
Brady street, 110:6 SE of Colton, SE 20:8" by
NE 100: $10.
Same to Lizzie Conlin, lot on E corner of Colton
and Crocker streets. NE 99 by SE 22; .$lO.
same to Macgie McFarland, lot on SK line of
Colton street, 79 NE of Brady, NE 21 by Sli 60:6;
.flO.
Same to acorec D. and Robert V. Lucy, lot on
SE line of Market street, 75 SW of Brady, SW
25 bv SK 124; «10.
Mary A. Stevens to Patrick Deeney, lot on NE
corner of Twenty-second and Bartlett streets, N
36:10 by E 125: $10.
Sara K. Jennings to Mary ('. Rea, lot on E line of
Sanchez street, 57 B of Nineteenth, S 32 by E 105;
Sift.
• Francois L. A. Pioche to Jose de Jesus Noe. por
tion of rancho San Mipuel, 200- vura sijtiare oppo-
Rlte hotel family, known as the ••Pavilion," and
bting the premises exceptetl from 33 d 616: $1.
August and Tuche to Louis Metzger, lot on
8 lineot Jersey street, 124 \V of Noe, W 22 bv S
114: $20.
William B. and Avnes M. Bnnrn to Andrew B.
McCVeery, lot on \V line of Kenrny street, 72:6 X
of Pine. N 20 by W 39:2: $10.
l>avid Dutton to Charles Lux, re-record, lot on s.
line of Valleio street, 622/3 Spanish vuras E
of Powell, S 87:6 by E 16% varns; $3600.
Mary C. BCassey to Henry MacDonald, lot on N
line of California street, 75 E of Larkln, E 25 by
N 70:10: $10.
John T. anrt Ella A. McKenzie to William F.
Murphy, lot on N W line of Silver street, 95 NE of
Fourth, NE 30 by .N\V 80: SlO.
Emily P. Geary to David Emerson, lot on E line
of Fourth avenue, 175 S of Clement str.-et, s 25
by E 120: $10
Herman I. Xajjer to Phebe J. Hall, outside lands
block 1257. bounded by W and X streets, Seven
teenth and Eighteenth avenues, warrantv deed;
SlO. ,
Conrad Gibfried (administrator of the estate of
Mlcbae] Waener) and John Wagner (by Jumes li
McKnight, Commissioner) 10 w. E. Kleinsonce,
lots 414 to 417, lots 485, 486, Silver Terrace Home
si«-:id: r $640.
F. M. Love to Mr3. E. A. Lynch, lot on SW line
of Mauritius street, 175 N\V of Osage, N\V 125 by
SW 100, b'ock 401, Sout'.i San Francisco Home
stead aud Ballroad Association: $1000.
William J.Peters and Emma J. Marks (nee
Peters) to Robert s. Weir, lot 6. block 8, Flint
Tract. Homestead Association; $5.
Cdd Fcllowb' Cemetery Association to Mrs. Fran-'
cette : Leveridgc, lot 15, plat 4, San . Francisco
section; 81.
Rebecca Mathews to Margaret Keeley, lot 26,
circle plat, Masonic Cemetery; $225.
AUMF.HA COINTY.
L. Schaffer to Lena Schaffer. all of section 36,
township 4 south, ranee 2 E.Murray Township;
also the NW quarter of lots 6 and 7 and E half of
SW quarter of section 6. township 5 south, range
8 E, Murray Township: $10.
M. Isabel Gould to Sar.ih M. Chamberlain, un
divided one-eighth interest in lot on E line of
Adeline street, 150 X of West Eighteenth. X 112:6
by E 127, being portion of plats 330. SSI and 333,
White-tier's map, Oakland; also undivided one
eighth of property in San Francisco; $1.
E. C. and Mary' I), sessions to Matthias H.
Schramm. lot commenting ut ii point on the XE
line of an alleyway 20 feet wide, lying between East
Fifteenth and East (Sixteenth streets, 125 XW
from XW line of Fifteenth avenue, thence XE to a
strip of land 25 feet wide of the Highland Park aud
Fruitwile Railroad Company, tlii'iice SW to X'E
lint- of said alleyway, thence, se to beginning,
block 31, Snn Antonio, East Oakland: $10.
M. W. and Emma P.. Rain to Louis Keichhold,
lot on E line of Louise street, 325 X of It, N 25 by
E 133, being subdivision B of lot 4, block bOO,
Watts Tract, Map 2, Oakland; $10.
J. S. Emery to Lcroy t;. Harvey, lot on S line
of Yerba Buena avenue, 660 W of San Pablo ave
nue, W 260. S 367, E 260. N 360, to beginning,
being block 10, Emery Tract, Oakland Township;
also'lot on X line of Yerba Buena avenue, 660 W
of San Pablo avenue, W 260 by X 360, blocs 11,
Emery Tract: $10.
J. Guinazso to Maria . Uuinazzo, lot on SW line of
East Tenth street, 75 SE of Twenty-seventh ave
nue. SE 37:6 by SW 100. block P. Knowles <&
Potter subdivision of Kennedy I'ract, East Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $10.
Andrew E. taverns to Andrea Jensen, lot 9,
block f>, J. E. McElrath Tract, Oaklaud Town
ship; $10.
Cbariea Babb to F. F. Weston. lot 103, Drexler
Tract, Oakland Township, quitclaim deed; $ .
Builder's Contract.
Kohn Bros, with Otten «fc Sorensen, alteration. 1 !
and additions to three-story frame huiLlinjr on SW
corner of Haight and Devisadero streets; $3265.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, 1896.
M.
Tu.
wTj
— I
!Th.
Kr.
Sa.
1
1 •
i Moon's Phases.
©Last Quart*
February
3
4 i
6
1 8 !
11
12
15
jg?K - New Moon.
>s/ February i3
10 j
17
3 First Qua
February
21
22
I I
29
fi~\ Full Mo*
23
24
28 I
OCKAN STKAMERS.
Datftd or I)Apartnr« iromSan "rnnri«ro.
BTICAMKK. j DKSriNATIO.V |
SAILS.
j PIER.
San Juan.... Cen America.. Feb 20,12m PMSS
Kureka NewDor: ...... Feb'2l. «am I'ierll
Pomona i Humbotdtßay : Feb 2pm Pier 9
bmto of Cai Portland Fet>23.lUAii Pier2t
fantaKosa.: -an Dieeo -.-... ■ Feb23.llAM Pier 11
W Alia Walla! Vic * Pgt Snd Febi'4.-9AM ri«9
Bt Pain. Ne-.TDort ...... I'eb 2.">. 9am Pier 11 .
Willamr. Val arex1c0........ ! Feb25.lOAM Pier 11
City Peklns. China* Japan ' Feb 3pm PMSB
4.rac0....... L'oojjjav...... Feb 2s.l«am I'ier 13
Knipire...... Portland Fcb26,..; I
Weeott Kel Kiver Feb26. :
Corona t-an Diego..... Feb27.llAM Pier 11
STKAMEKS XO AKKIVJi.
stkamkr j From I Dub
Walla SValia ! Victoria eft Puget souna i ..FeD 20
KtateofCal ' Portland . Feb V0
OeoWKlder Portland ; Feb 2i
SantaJtosa. san Die«;o«... Feb 21
Prostreso Seattle . Feb 21
Nurtn i-'orli Humboldtßay Fel) 23
Columbia... Poiuaod .Feb 22
Cost Rica Departure Bav Feb 22
Pomona... riumboiJt Bay Feb 83
Araeo |Coo* Bay [..FeD 23
StPaui Newport. I ..Feb 23
San .lose > Panama. ] .Fob 23
Mackinaw Tacoma .Feb 23
Kniplre..... : Portland i Feb 2'A
Truckee Tillamooit ;. I ..Feb 25
Beigic China and Japan i Feb 25
Corona s ; ui Diego.. L.Feo 25
Urnatilla v'ictoria <fc Putret Sound ! ..Keb 25
Queen Portland Feb 25
Crescent City.:. Crescent City „ Feb 2(i
South Coast : Portland.. Feb 26
Ktireka iXewport I . Feb 27
SUN, MOON* AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast and Geodktic St:rvf.y Tide")
Bl T I.I,FTIV PUW.ISHRD BY OFFICIAL J-
AfTHORITY OK THK hITKKIXTKXDEST. )
Thursday, Feb. 20. Thursday, Feb. 20.
Sun rises. 6.54; Sun seis 5.55
February— lß96.
Time I Feet ! Time | Feet i Time i Feet Ti m, F(l( , t
H W ' L W I iH W' i L W
20 £201 4.H 10.14 0.5i H.Hl] 2.» 9.80
21 6.01 4.8 11.50* 0.2 1 7.47 2.9 111.'.'l
221 4.56i 4.H 12.551—0.8 *..">K ; 3.'-' 11.39
23 6.04 1 6.0 1.55-0.6' 9.42 ; 3.5; ,
L W Feet H W Feet L WlFeei H W
24 1.01 3.d 7.15 6.21 '.'.48—0.0 H>.l7
25: 2.151 8.7 8.20! 5.4 3.35 —1.2 10.50]
261 3.17J 2.5 9.20 5.5 ! 4.17—1.2 11. 1»!
87 1 4.11| 2.0 10.17( 5.6 1 4.58 —1.1 11.48!
2.9
30
I
! Feet
j 3.9
4.2
! 4.4
4.7
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are piven in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
onler of occurrence as to time. Tho second time
column Hives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or ri^ht
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, a« sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to tho
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDKOUKAI'HIO BtLLETIX.
Branch Hydrographic Offick., U. S. N. "i
Merchants' Kxchanpk. V
San Frakcisco. February 19. 189rt. )
The time ball on Telegrapn liili was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. e., at noon of the I'JOtJ
meridian, or exactly a: 8 r. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. PcCKWtKB,
Lieutenant V. S. N.. in churije.
SUIPI'ING IXTELLIOfc.NCK.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, February 19.
Stmr Willamette Valley, Von. Helms, 11 days
from Guaymas, via Ensenada — hours; pass
and nidse. io (ioodall, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 18 hours from Caspar:
330 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 71 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse. to Goodall, I'erkins
& Co. ■• - .
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson, 18 hours from Green
wood; r r ties, piles and wood to L E White .Lumber
Co. . ■ . ■
.Stmr San Benito. Smith, 83 hours rom Tacoma ;
43U0 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
stmr Excelsior, Higglns, f JP hours from Hue-
Deme; produce, to Fielo <fc stone.
Schr iloro, Jorgcnson, 108 hours from Albion;
M ft lumber, to Albion Lumber Co. •
Schr Besate K. .Anderson, 24 hours from Albion:
tamber, to J S Kimball. ...
Schr Etta B. Madsen. 12 hours from Fort Ross;
; butter, etc., to Koss & Hewlett.. ;,*•?-,
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY, February 19.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
Co.
stmr Corona. Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Perkins
<fc Co. -: . "•--■"; , . ,
Haw stmr Iwa, Henningsen.Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond <fc Co.
(Jership C H Watjen, Brunlngs, Queenstown;
Eppinirer it Co.
Br ship l.iracadale, Youlden, Sydney; Williams,
Dimond <fc Co.
Bktn C U Funk, Challeston, Honolulu; John
Challeston.
Schr Czar. Hntman, Mazatlan: Wm Olsen.
Schr Anna. McDonald, Mahukona; J I) Spreck
els <fc Bros Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, February 19.
Stmr Pomona. Doran, EnreKa.
Stmr National City, Andresen, Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
stmr Corona, Hall. San Di«nro.
Stmr Point Loma, Conway, Grays Harbor.
.Stmr Homer, DrisKo. Coos Bay.
ur ship lloss-sliire, Baxter, Sydney.,
Br ship Glenbank, Leonard, Moodyville.
Bark Tidal Wave. Lancaster, Tacoma.
P.ktn 0 C Funs, Challeston, Honolulu.
Sohr .Mary c. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Czar, Hutman, Mazatlau. . .
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— February 19—10 Pic— Weather
clear: wind NE; velocity 8 miles.
Char'Bfi.
The schr Anna loads mdse for Mahukona: bark
0 B Kenney, cannery supplies for Alaska; scbr J
I) Tallant, sugar at KahuliU for ihisport: bktn
Skagit, lumber at Port -Gamble for Honolulu; schr
Kohert Lewers, lumber on the Sound for Hono
lulu; bark Carroll tOD, lumber at Port Blakelev for
Shanghai. 50s— nrior to arrival; Br ship Duntrune.
wheat at, Portland for Europe, 255.
Sppkeii.
Feb 7— Lat 46 N, long 18 W. Br ship St Muneo,
from Swansea, ■ for San Francisco.
Dec 21 — Lat 45 N, no long, Br ship Hllston, hnce
Sept 28, for Queenstown.
Jan 13— Lat S N, long 29 W, ship Joseuh B I
Thomas, from -Norfolk for Honolulu.
■ Ja'u 2— Lat 27 S, lone 26 W, Br baric Pass of
Leny, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Jan 13— Lat 18, Ion? 27 Br bark Brussels, fm |
Oregon, for Queenstown.
Nov 1— I.at 4 N. Ion? IIS W, Fr bark Pierre
Cornelle, hence Oct 6. for Queenstown.
Dec 16— Lat 51 S, lone 52 W, Br ship Dominion,
• hence Oct 4, for Liverpool.
Jan 4— Lat 'i'i S, long 25 \V, urship Burmab, fm
Ptsagua,
Dfeuiorandum.
l'er schr Moro— Machinery cot disabled on Feb
ruary 15, twenty miies south of Point Arena.
Domestic Ports.
VENTUP. A— SaiIed Feb 19— Stmr Geo Loomis,
for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Feb 19-Stmr Point Arena
for San Fiancisco.
TACOMA— Arrived FeD 19-Brship Aigburth,
hence Feh 0.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Feb 19-Schr Roy
Soniers. heuce Feb 9.
KEDONDO-Sailed Feb 19-Stmr Caspar.
TATOOSH— Feb 19-Shlp America, from
Departure Bay, for San Francisco.
HUENEME— Sailed Feb 19— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco. ■-"■■'■
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb Stmr Sunol, fm
Point Arena; stmr Caspar, from Rodondo.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 19— Schr Jessie Minor,
from San Pedro; schr Confianza, hence Feo 11.
•SAN DIEGu— Feb 19— Nor stmr Peter
Jebsen. for Nanaimo. • ...;■;
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb Stmrs Truokee and
Geo W Eirter. for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Whites
boro, hence Feb 18.
POINT REYKS- Feb 19-Stmr *>asadena
from Eureka, for San Pedro. ' ■
ALBIoN-Salled Feb 19-Schr Bessie K, for San
Francisco..
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Feb 19-<=chr
ewark, hence Feb 18.
Sailed Feb 19— Schr Barbara HerDster.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived Feb 17-Schrs Dora
Bluhm and Melancthon, hence Feb 9; achr Serena
C A Thayer, hence Feb 10.
TACOMA-Arrived Feb 19-Schr J 21 Colman
hence Feb 10.
- ROCK PORT-Sailed Feb 19-3tmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
FrSKS MILL-Sailed Feb 19-Schr Reliance, for
San Francisco. -
Forelern Ports.
D ARTMOUTH-Arrived Feb 18-Br ship Brenda
from London, and sailed for San Francisco
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 17— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
IQUlQUE— Arrived Febl6-Bark Olvrnplc, from
Port Blakelev. : . . " '
NEWCASTLE, NSW-Salled Feb 16-Br shlD
Morven, for San Francisco. •
Movement** or Trans- Atlantic Steamera.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 19-Stmr Massa
chusetts, from London; stmr Teutonic, from Liver
pool. . . - .■■.,. , ,■• ■ . .
• Sailed Feb 19— Stmr Wcsternland, for Antwerp
stmr St Louis, for Southampton stmr Germanic!
for Liverpool; stmr Normanuia, for Genoa.
MALTA— Arrived out Feb 19— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck. '. " ■  .- •-•.■'■•■ ,
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out Feb 19-Blmr Is
land. ' ' :■
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Feb 19-Stmr
Spree. .
Sailed Feb 19— Stmr Lahn, fo? New York.'
ROTTERDAM— Feb 19-Stmr Spnarn
dam. for New York. -
' LlZAßD— Passed Fob 19— Stmr Amsterdam, fm
New York, for Rotterdam.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Feb 18— Stmr Wllle
had, from Sew York, from Brerueu.
Importations. '-."
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— l94 bxs oranges, 68 i
bxs lemons, 139 sks coin. -
East San Pedro— l hx oranges. 576 sks corn.
, Han Pedro— l3B4 sks corn. 945 sks barley.
Los Augeles via San Pedro— lo pkgs mdse. *?%£:".
Los Angeles via k SP. Co— B Ddls wire, 3 pfces
mdBO. .
Hueneme— s pkgs mdse. .
- San Buenaventura-5 cs eggs. 319 bxs oranges,
16 bxs tangerines, 60 bxs lemons.
Carpenteria— 4 sks crawfish/ ■• .: - . -,•,;{ i>'.
■ - .■■ •-..-■■ "■ -■•'■ ■' ■■-■ . ■-.
■ Santa Barbara— l2 pkgs radse. : 25 wool, 43
bxs lemons, 4 ti:cs oranses.
Gaviota— 2 txlls pelts. Ics eggs, 44 sks crawfish.
Port ilarford-5 pkgs mdse, 6 cs cheese, 17 Va
bxs butter, 23 cs epgs, 20 bxs fish.
Cayueos— 2 kegs 88 bxs butter, 11 cs eggs, 1 pk?
mdse, 66 dressed calves.'
San Simeon— 2 tubs 52% bxs butter, HVz cs e?gs,
3 coops chiekeus. 1 coop ducks, 1 coop turkeys. 4
rkgs mdse, 4 bxs flsh. 35 dressed calves, 24 bales
seaweed. 4 sks abalones.
. Santa Cruz— 4 bxs fish. H bxs butter.
GUAYMAS— Per AVillHmette Valley— 4o pkes
leather, 19 pkgs mdse, 2442 sks ore, 3 pkgii furni
ture. 1 pk; rues, 24 bbls wine, 3cs wing ma
chines, 1 pkg 4 oka 1 cs Mexican dollars, 49 sks
daiuiena, ISttf bdls dry bides, 408 bdlsereen hides.
8 bbls deerskins, 2 sks beeswax. 429 pKgs salt
hides, 32 pkgs shells, 58 pkgs pearl sheila, 1 bdl
iish 'ins. 1 cs tortoise shells, '1 gold bar, 1 pc 7 bar*
Koid bullion, 2 pkKßgOld coin. 48 bars silver bul
lion, 9 bdla Ixtle. 9 bxsorauges, 1 pkg mdse, 1 t>x
30 bagß shrimps. 273 bxs tomatoes, 2 bxs chilt
peppers, Ibx leathers. -13 fresh bides, 244 pea
wood, 88 sks bark, 18 sks sugar, 5 bags precipitates
of silver. 17 bars silver and gold bullion, 5 sks hair,
18 cs I) skins, '£ sks saltpeter, 45 turtles, 407 bdls
orchilla. 1 cs lemons. 1 cs cheese. 1 sk minerals.
HUEXEAIE— Per Kxcelsior-833 sks corn, 6494
sks barley.
ConSlJjnftfM.
Per Willamette Valley— Thannhaussr A Co: W
LoaizaACo: C Tetzea: Candelaria Con Mexican
Mining Co; J BHaggin: i» V LMtrato; Js* Ruther A
Co: Spragae ite Williams: Thiedeman & Delius:
Selbv Smelting an ■■ Lead Co; Wells. Fargo it Co: O
Staacke; Uroxvn & Adams; A C Nichols A Co: Tha
Singer Mfg Co: Theo Hermann it Co; Cabrera,
Uoma Co; li Lond .t Co; Indianapolis Furni
ture' Co; Mr Glaser: Hongkonir and shanghai
Bank; A Levi <fc co: A Paladini; I Gutte; Meyer,
Wilion tt Co: San Vincente Mlg Co.
Per Eureka— Campodonico A Malcolm: T Mel
don : McDonough * Kunyon : I. Bcatens A Co: C A
Cleveland ; Kiagl Co; Newmark & wards;
Kowalsky & Co; Gray cfc Karl.:, ri: '. II Peck: Joan
A Roebllng's Son; Hooker dt Co: M Ebrman A Co:
A I'allies: National P.rewery : Wood. Curtis <fc Co;
Allen &L*wis: American Union Fish Co: Immel dk
Co: J M Moore; C A Parkin; Lievre, Frlcke .t Co:
Shoobert, Beaie & Co; J Ivancovich Co; Kresoii;
A Levy <fc Co: Enterprise Brewery: J Demartini:
BisslngerACo; Hilmer, RredhofTA EJ
Pringle; Dodge, Sweeney A Co; H Heckman ACo;
JStntsACo; M Henneman; T 11 H Varney: A
Wyss; Witzel A Baker; Wheaton. Breon & Co; P
Gusmani: H Kirchmiinn A Co: G Camlllonl ACo:
C K Whitney A Co; Milanl A Co; OB Smith A Co;
Brigham, Jloppe Co; Dairymen's Union: Goiaen
West Fish Co: Labor Exchnnge; Getz Bros A Co;
Konler A Chase: W F Mitchell: De Bernardl A Co;
San Irancisco Kisli Co: Western Meat Co; G ROSSi;
I. D Stone Co: Wieland Brewine Co: Pioneer
Fish Co; Marshall.Teirgart dt Co; H N Tilden A Co;
Chas Montgomery A Co: Eveleth A Nash: Poultrv
men's Union; J Schweitzer it Co; A K Stevens: V
I) Virg-lio: s Brunswick; J Hoffman; Cbas Jacob
son; s Brunswick.
Per Kxcelsior— A Oerberding A Co; C'has Bard;
Field A st.)ii.. : S P Milling Co.
jHBk OFFICE FDRHIIDRE
P OFFICE FURNITURE
AND FIXTURES.
C. F. WEBER & CO.,
Ig^^^gEa afto to 3fm Pf)sf . St., cor. Stockton .
AUCTION SALES.
mTEBIAnOIM HORSE MARKET,
Corner of Twelfth and Harrison Streets.
£»^ /t?> j£i& ASS
A great chauce to get a well bred horse for a
small price. V.". I'. McCord will sell to the highest
bidder 40 horses, 16 head from Revile Chief,
rench Spy and the celebrated horse Mack; pedi-
gree pending; 16 of the best Mason Valley horst
and some large draft stock,. THURSDAY, Febru-
ary 20, 1896. Don't, forget tne dav.
ocncAH steamships:
PACIFIC COAST STEABISffIP COMPASI
CUT RATES
— —TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
Flxr'ist Class &O.QO
Second Class . ■ 5&C300
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— -4 Sew Montgomery Street.
QOODALL, PERKINS* CO.,
- -i General Agent*.
ASTORIA ANfiT'ORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Bloat-
goraery street.
Columbia sails Febrnary 18 and 28
teiatu of California sails.. February '23 and March 4,
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. k.
SOODAL..L, PERKINS ACO, Genl. SuptS.
F. F. CO^•^OR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASI
STEAMERSJ WILL SAIL FROM J>-SL
O Broadway wharf, Sau Francisco, as ■^*Pq>f
follows:
Tor Mary Island, Lorln;*, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at a a. m., Fen. 14, 29,
March 19. 30.
For Victoria and Vanconver (B. C). Port Town-
Eead. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and N»"V
Whatcom (Bellincham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
1-eb. 4. 9. 1-1, 19, 24. i>9, ant! every flftt»
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltn
the C. it*. R. r... at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle n-ith G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wltb
! Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landln* (Hum-
boldt Bay) Btr. Pomona, 'I p. n., F"b. 3, 7, 11, 15,
19, 23, '27, and every four;h day thereafter.
For «anta Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Sanui
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. JSan Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at. 9 a. >t., Feb.
1,5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, '29, and every fourth day
thereafter.
• For SanDleeo. stoppln? only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Manta Barbara, Port Lo«
I Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
1 a. u., Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every
j fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mnzatlan, 141
j Paz, AUata and Guaymas (Mexico), s:r. WUlan*-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. '25th of each month.
Ticket office. Palaca Hotel, 4 ■ New Montgomery
■tteet.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Qen'l Agent*.
10 Market at., San Francisco.
OCEAJIC STEAJISIIIP CO3IPAH.
Cool^ardie gold tieids
urfS^tTO^S?^. (Freemantle), Austra-
UfLL^ li »; ' '-"- ; " ■ tirs! class;
j£&7<y nUr>J |||0» $110 sif-eraae. Lowest
Jmitt ' *t&Z^^^siß*l ratea to Capetown,
MKXtoVr" £>^tto±. Srouth Africa.
|EjS|/ "fjrKp ySHi Australian steamer,
BV/ y«Ae.iK \^& MONOWAI. sails via
ME/ \1 .^li\ f^T lionolu'u and Auck-
■■l £jUP^]B land, Thursday, March
TB§jSt^»»By3rj*'7~'/riy Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Tues-
day, March 10. a: 10
Speciai, Pakties.— Reduced rates for parties
! March 10 and Anrii 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Monttromery street.
Frelßht Oilice, 827 Market street.
. J. D. ECKELS & Bltos. CO.,
General Agents.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TKAASATLAATIQUE
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NKW).42 NORTH Ajj«_
Ri ver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by iMßglf
! this line avoid both transit oy English railway uuvl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
'boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
lirst-class $160: cond-class $116.
LA BOUKGOGXE, Capt. Leboeuf
... Feb. 29, lr.U
LA NOKMANJJIE, apt. Deloncle
a March 7, 6 a. m
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. iiaudelon
March 14, 10 a. K
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Kupe
March 21, 5 A. M
S3" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3 Rowling Green. New York,
rjt, F. FUGAZI <fc CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
1 ROYAL MAIL STEA3TPACRET COJIPAXY.
STEAMKKS LEAVK ASPINWALL yßgjß-
fortnightly for the West Indies and tsmUm
I Fouthampton". calling en route at C -rbourgft,
i France, and Plymouth to land p»«senKerg.
■ Through bills of lading, in connection with th»
Pacific Mail S. 8. Co., issued for freight *J*a trea*
: ore to direct ports in England anil Germany.
Through tickets Jrorn San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thill
SIMSi SB7 60. For further particulars apply to
. VARROTT <fc CO., Agem*.
' " ' . . 306 California St.
STOCKTON steamers
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
■; At 5 F. 31: Daily, Except Sunday.
. tf£~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
STKAJIEK,:
T.C.Walker. ; k J.D.Peters,
Mary Garratt. . City of Stockton.
• Telephone M»ln SOS. CM. Nav. and I nipt. Co,
VALLEJO, lift! *BE.\ICIA, PORT
(OSTA A\D CROCKETT.
STK. MOXTICELLO, .
Daily, except Saturday and Sundav— lo:3o a. u.
. and 4 p. m. : Saturilay, 1*2:30 noon-
Sunday— 8 p. n.
•4 r. m. only.
■J Eanding,' Missiou 1, Pier 3.Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
FLIGHT STOPPED,
FORTUNE LOST.
Dr. Harmon of San Leandro
a Sadder but Wiser
Husband.
CAUGHT WITH HIS COIN.
Thirty Thousand Dollars Was
Packed in His Va
lise.
OBJECTED TO PAYING ALIMONY.
Cleverly Arrested on the Eve of
Making His Escape to
Victoria.
Oaklaxp Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway. Feb. 19. i
Dr. L. C. Harmon, of San Leandro dis
tributed about $-21,000 about his person last
evening, and intended that by to-night he
would be well on his waj T to Victoria, B.
C, beyond the punishment of American
civil law. Instead, however, he is still in
Ban Francisco and $L'o,ooo of his money is
in the possession of the Superior Court of
Alameda County. The failure of the doc
tor's plans constitute a sensational chapter
in the proceedings ol a divorce suit, insti
tuted some time ago.
The Harmons lived at San Leandro,
where they have a beautiful home. But
all the beauty is outside. Within the do
mestic life was a travesty on the word
home. Mrs. Harmon declared that she
was very frequently the victim of extreme
MRS. HARMOX, THE DOCTOR'S WIFE, WHO IS SEEKING A DIVORCE.
[From a photograph.]
cruelty, and when she could stand it no
longer she wanted to be free. Incidentally
she asked the court for attorneys' fees, a
division of property and permanent ali
mony. At the first hearing in the case Dr.
Harmon was ordered to pay his wife $100
a month. For the last month he has dis
obeyed the court and so he was served
with an order yesterday to appear in court
this morning and show cause why he
should not be punished for his contempt.
Dr. Harmon and his wife present a
strange contrast. He is a physical de
formity ti. rough acute spinal ataxia. His
hearing and speech are so far impaired
tnat he can communicate only by signs
and in writing. He also stoops considera
bly, and is about 40 years of age.
Mrs. Harmon is several years yonneer
than her husband and is a very attractive
woman. She is of medium stature and is
extremely ladylike in her demeanor. She
married the doctor nine years ago, and
they have one child.
Far several d;iys Mrs. Harmon has been
BUSDicioofl that her husband was not anx
ious to live up to the order of the court,
and that he intended, if possible, to leave
the State. She communicated her fears to
her attorney, \V. W. Foote, and a detec
tive was set to watch the ban Leandro
doctor. He has been livincr at the St.
Nicholas Hotel in San i- rancisco. He
lias not been practicing for some years, as
he is wealthy and is known to possess
The Sfcamcr City of Puebla, on Which Dr. Harmon Was to Sail for Victoria, B. C, the Tug Millie,
Which Was to Put Him Aboard, and the Whitehall Boat That Was to Intercept the Tug.
more than $30,000, and probably twice j
that amount.
( Detective Hierlihy joon discovered that j
t.ie doctor had a handy man as a valet. J
His name is E. Ellsworth, ana he was con- !
Btantly with his master.
While watching the doctor the detective I
excited the suspicion of Officer Bode and
was taken to the station.
In explanation of his presence outside i
the house he said that Dr. Harmon was '
inside and the doctor was trying to evade
service of a suhpena to appear in Judge |
Frick's court in the morning in a divorce i
suit instituted by his wife. He and the j
other detective were watching for him to ,
serve him with the subpena as he intended |
leaving the city.
Captain Gillin telephoned to Captain \
Swain of the Oakland police and was in- |
formed that the private detective's story
was true, so he was at once released and
Sergeant Martin and party were notified to
quit the espionage of the house.
How the two came togetheris not known
at present, as neither of them is inclined
to give his secrets away. Last night the i
detective noticed that Ellsworth left the j
hotel and made a circuitous route to the j
water front. He went into the saloon of ;
Al White, where he met a man, evidently |
by appointment. The conversation was all i
about a tug and the speed of the steamer j
City of Puebla, which was to leave for i
Victoria at 9 o'clock this morning. Ells
worth asked about the tug Millie, which
brings The Call to Oakland, and told his
companion that he had a friend who had
any amount of money, and who was mixed
up in a divorce suit ana wanted to get out
of the State.
The conversation was heard by the de
tective and communicated to Mrs. Har
mon's attorney. Then a plan was laid to
outwit the doctor. Sam Kuddell of the
revenue sen-ice was brought into the mat
ter and requested to hold the Government
tug in readiness in case Dr. Harmon should
get off shore. Then a warrant was aworn
out for the arrest of the doctor.
Some days ago Dr. Harmon wrote to his
wife. He used some language that might
be construed as vulgar. Mrs. Harmon
might not have paid any attention to it,
but when something had to be done to
hold her husband from fleeing with his
fortune a warrant was sworn out.
At 2:30 o'clock this morning Captain
Wittman of the Central police station at
San Francisco was notiiied from this city
to arrest Dr. Harmon, who had left the
water front in a buggy. The captain got a
description of the doctor and the rig and
was informed that the doctor had $30,000
wit!, him, which the captain was to hold
as evidence ncainst the doctor.
Captain Wittman ordered Policeman
Sullivan tj change bin coat and accompany
him and they both hurried from the sta
tion. At Market and Sixth streets the
captain met the buggy, and, told Ells-
, worth, the valet, who was driving, to stop.
Ellsworth drove on, and, the captain,
drawing his revolver, commanded Ells
. worth again to pull up, otherwise he would
have to take the consequences, and it had
the desired effect.
Behind the buggy occupied by Dr. Har
mon and £Ilsworth there was another
buggy in which a private detective was
seated, who had followed close after the
other all the wa^ r from the ferry.
The captain led the horse to the Central
station, and there, in the bottom of the
buggy, were found two revolvers loaded in
every chamber. The doctor and Ellsworth
were taken to the captain's room and Oak
land was notified of the arrest. He re
ceived instructions to hold the doctor and
a detective would cross over for him by
the first boat.
The doctor admitted that he was trj-ing
to escape to Victoria. He said lie had
lived happily witb his wife till he was
seized with a deadly spinal disease and
now she wanted to get rid of him. He had
only a few years to live and he wanted to
get away somewhere to end his last years
in peace and quietness.
The case Mas called in Judge Frick's
court this morning and Attorney Foote
called all the detectives.who told the story
of last night's escapade. He asked that a
receiver be appeinted and Judge Frick ap
pointed Emif Nusbaumer as receiver.
Dr. Harmon went outside the courtroom
with Detective Holland, and then de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
livered up a roll of notes that he had
secreted about his underclothing. It was
worth $16,000. This, with $4595 found in
the doctor's valise, was considered by the
court a sufficient sum to cover any possible
judgment that the wife might obtain, and
Harmon was released. He was again
arrested and taken to the City Prison on
the misdemeanor warrant, but after put
tine up $100 cash bail he was again at
liberty, and returned with Ellsworth to
Snn Francisco.
Mrs. Harnon was not present during the
Dr. Harmon of San Leandro.
[From a photograph.]
court proceedings, but her brother, Dr.
Cecil Corwin, sat by Attorney Foote. At
! torney Xusbaumer holds the" money sub
j ject to the order of the court.
THE SYNDICATE SCHEME
Project for the Alameda Library
Building Progress
ing.
Inquest Over the Body of Lena Nel
son, the Youthful Girl '
Suicide.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 19.— F. W. Van
Sicklen of the Citizens' Committee reports
great progress with the scheme of forming
the syndicate to build a library building
for the city. He has had numerous offers
from interested citizens, who desire to
contribute sums of money and become
stockholders in the syndicate, but he says
that at present it is bis desire to secure
only subscribers who will advance $1000,
and he wants ten of them. He has so far
secured six of the ten. After getting the
other four he intends to call upon those
who will give the smaller amounts until
the necessary f 1:0,000 is raised.
The proposition of the syndicate is a
simple one. It wili lease from the city the
library lot at the southwest corner of Oak
Street and Santa Clara avenue, erect a suit
able building costing $20,000 thereon, and
in turn lease the building to the library
trustees. The terms of the lease of the
building to the library trustees will be for
a rental equal to 5 per centum on the sum
invested, with the condition that the city
may at any time purchase the building
during the life of the lease for the actual
cost of construction.
There lias been some question as to the I
legality of this proceeding, but the ques- !
tion was submitted to City Attorney !
Taylor and George H. Mastick on behalf j
of the library trustees, and they have both '
declared that the plan can be legally and
successfully carried out without loss.
Board of Education.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 19.— The Board
of Education met last night and the prin
cipal matter brought before it for discus- I
sion_ was the appointment of a census
marshal. Superintendent Sullivan called
attention to the fact that the school census
marshal must oe chosen before the Ist of
April, and that the law only allows the
appointment of the marshal, making no
j provision for assistants. The census
marshal himself must appoint his depu
; ties. Tha board has reason to remember
| the experience with Edward McFadden,
[ who was brought before the Grand Jury
I and indicted ior falsifying the census re
turns of last year, but subsequently ac
quitted because not appointed by the
proper authority. It will consider the !
appointment this year deeply and en- !
deavor to avoid a repetition of the past
scandal. J. L. Ballentine has already put
In an application for the position.
The Coroner'* Inquest.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. I!).— An inquest
was held to-day in the case of Lena Nel
son, who committed suicide on Tuesday |
night at the residence of her employers I
Mr. aud Mrs. R. 8. Clark of Alameda
avenue. Her sister and brother made dep
ositions, but threw no light on the motive
for the act. According to the sister she
had admitted having made an attempt at
suicide about three months ago, and had
gone so far as to place the strychnine to
her lips, whereupon her courage failed and
she dropped the glass. The verdict was
death from strychnine poisoning with
suicidal intent. The deceased wag a mt
tive Rio Vista ana aged IG.
The Isle of Shoppey, according to the
correspondent of a London contempo
rary. Btanda in serious danger of disap
pearing altogether. It is being gradually
washed away by the sea.
MERCHANTS SURPRISED
Result of Treasury Agent Har
ris' Recent Visit to
Oakland.
CONFEDERATE NOTE "ADS."
Standing in Line for Hours to Secure
Scats to Hear Paderewski
Play.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 19. \
Treasury Agent Harris created a sur
prise in this city yesterday by notifying
several merchants that their method of
advertising was contrary to law. tor sev
eral weeks the sidewalks have been freely
covered with folded sreenbacks. "When
the finder would pick them up he would,
on unfolding it, be speedily made aware of
the fact that the supposed greenback wa3
an advertisement.
The greenback was a fac-simile of a
Confederate note, promising, two years
after the signing of a treaty of peace be
tween the Confederacy and the United
States, to pay the sum for which the note
was drawn. The note was invariably
folded so that the eye could see what it
was, and very few were left on the side
walk more than a few minutes. The ruse
proved a good one and several firms were
soon using it.
Agent ilarris came to Oakland yester
day, found out the people who were using
them and then warned them to desist, as
j the practice was against the law. This
i occasioned great surprise, because the
I notes were not representations of United
: States money and were merely Confederate
I "shin-plasters." The agent, however,
! quoted the law which he said forbade the
using of notes as an advertising medium.
He alfao referred to a case in whicn a
! doctor up north had been fined $100 for
1 persisting in using the notes after being
warned to desist.
"We intend to respect the -warning of
the agent," said J. W. Layraance, one of
the enjoined advertisers, "but I have been
told that if we were to persist we could
continue to use them. We have no time
or inclination to make a fight, and will call
all our currency in."
THE NAIL WORKS.
i Preparations to Keg time Work With
I>ay ami >"ig;ht Shifts.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Feb. 19.— The old nail
1 works at the foot of Filbert street, which
, have been leased by the Biddle Purchas-
I ing Company ol Philadelphia, made the
I first nail to-day under the new manage
ment. J. C. Maloney came out here about
j two weeks ago and Monday put a force of
; men at work cleaning the place up and
; putting it into condition for operation.
■ Harry Veirs, who was with the old corn
■ pany for many years, has been appointed
; foreman, and William Wilson and William
! Uassner, twe skilled mechanics of Cleve
; land, Ohio, arrived to-day. They will rush
j the work of putting the machines in work-
I ing order.
The intention is to draw the wire on the
i premises and manufacture nails from
j those used in cigar-boxes and shoes to the
I sixty-penny naii. There will be two shifts
and the plant kept running day and night.
The day force will work from 7 a. m. to
•6 r. m. The night force will be on the
| other thirteen hours. No stops will be
: made for meals, as the men can lunch
j while the automatic machines are at work.
| It is expected that 100 men will be em-
I ployed, but it will be a week or ten days
i before things will be in such shape that
I the twenty machines can be put to work.
The company running the plant lias
j factories at Cleveland, Ohio; Joliet, 111.;
I Charleston, W. Va. Some thirty or more
: men, old and young, were hanging about
the place to-day in hopes of securing work.
None of the machines will be put to work
until all are ready. There arc about a
dozen employed getting things into shape.
FIXING WATER RATES.
Water Companies Seemingly Take but
Kiltie Interest This Year.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 19.— President
Manuel of the City Council selected Coun
cilmen Towle, Mott and Buckland a
special committee upon water rates. They
are at work on an ordinance which is to
be presented to the Council at the meeting
next Monday. The framing and passing
| of a water-rate ordinance is the chief event
in the Council each year, and the pull
which is called into exercise is tremend
ous, but there was little sign of it last
I year, and, to judge from appearances,
neither water company is troubling itself
this year about the rates which the Coun
cil may establish, though both will make
the usual motions of a fight by sendinc
! attorneys to arcue before the Council"
! The reason for the indifference is that
both companies are selling water below
the legally established rates, and they ex
pect to continue doing so. It is generally
I believed that the committee will recom
mend an ordinance substantially the same
as that now in force.
WAITED FOR HOURS.
Paderewski's Concert Will Be a Marked
Success.
OAKLAND, Cat-., Feb. 19.— For three
ho urs before daylight this morning there
Was a line of people reaching from the
Macdonougii entrance around o:i Broad
way, patiently waiting for the box-office
to open so that they could purchase Feats
for Paderewski'a concert on Saturday
night. There was some struggling to get
to the front of the line and it was neces
sary to ser.d for an officer to keep the
peace. Promptly at 0 o'clock the box
oiiice window was thrown up and the sale
commenced.
From the general character of those who
purchased tickets it is very evident that
| the theater will present a very swell ap
pearance. Coachmen ware in line to pur
chase for their masters; many people
prominent in society nwule their own se
lections, and Fome bright boys who had
got there early were able to sell their po
sitions at a paying rate. By 2 o'clock
$3000 had been passed through the win
dows ivid over one-half of the house had
been sold. There are still some choice
seats left, but the rate continues brisk.
Garrity in Court.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 19. —Attorney
Thomas F. Garrity appeared before Judge
Wood of the Police Court this morning for
the first time since his commitment by
that official for contempt of court. He de
sired to have a Chinese opium-selling case
go over so as to have a San Francisco at
torney appear in the case with him Jud"e
Wood denied the request, as the case has
been repeatedly postponed at the request
of the attorney, but he set it for to-morrow
at 10:30 instead of 9:30 o'clock, so that At
torney Garrity could be present at the ha
beas 'corpns proceedings in his behalf in
the Superior Court. The attorney will be
represented in these by Attorneys Chap
man, Bradley and Walsh. The people
will be represented by Assistant District
Attorney Church and Attorneys Reed and
Nusbaumer. The latter are confident that
there is nothing in the point raised by
Garrity's representatives.
He Surprised Them.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 10.— Officer Lay
tou of the North. Oakland beat rides a
bicycle when on duty and this fact nearly
led to the capture of three burglars yester
day morning. Heretofore the officer of
that beat has ridden a large white horse,
which could be heard and seen a long way
off. This was always a caution to evil
doers to lay low. This time the officer
was nearly on his men before the lookout
saw him and gave the signal to make off.
He saw them and called on them to stop,
but they slipped away from him. He
emptied his revolver at the fleeing forms
without effect. It was found they had en
tered a bakery and removed a small
square of glass from the showcase and
were helping themselves So tobacco, cigars,
etc., when scared away. There is not the
least clew as to who the guilty ones were.
Folitical Gossip.
HAYWARDS, Cal., Feb. 19.— The city
election to be held the first Monday in
April is beginning to excite considerable
interest already. There will be a large
list of candidates as usual. Among those
who are already in the field are the follow
ing:
Treasurer — Charles Prowse and Al
Fisher.
Clerk— H. Bruner, J. A. Collins and M.
Ternpleton.
Marshal— J. W. Ramage and George
Obermueller.
Town Trustees— E. Mervin and W. P.
Crane.
Library Trustees —G. Tayne, J. E.
Crooks, G. Oakes, Itev. G. Wenk and
Fred Russell.
The Centervi'.le and Haywards football
teams will meet for the first time this sea
son on Saturday.
Wheelmen Officers.
OAKLAND, Gal., Feb. 19.— The East
Oakland Wheelmen held their semi-an
nual meeting last evening. The following
were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, E. F. Williams; vice-president, E. S.
Wilkins: secretary. A. R. Haskint: treas
urer, "Walter T. Wood; captain, Howard
W. French ; first lieutenant, C. F. Weldon ;
second lieutenant, C. Kirk; executive com
mittee, E. Lucus and W. Doyle.
Captain French has issued* a call for the
first ciub run of the season. It is to be
next Saturday, to witness the twenty-five
mile road race.
Will Try Once More.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Feb. 19. —The building
at the intersection of Brush and Twenty
third streets and San Pablo avenue which
was blown down during the wind storm
of February t>, killing Charles Hurley is to
be rebuilt." Hurley and a number of others
C. W. Cornor, Oakland's Natural "Uncle Sam," Who Will Figure in the Washing
ton's Birthday Parade.
[Drawn by a "Call" artist from a photograph.]
were at work when the building collapsed.
All escaped with slight injuries but
Hurley. The material has all been over
hauled and the joists relaid ready for the
frame which will be put up in a few days.
Republicans to Meet.
OAKLAND Cal., Feb. 19.— The Second
Ward Republican Club will meet at
Milton Hail Thurday night. The issues of
the day and the life and character of
George Washington are to be discussed.
A meeting has been called for Saturday
night at Kohler & Chase hall in the in
terests of the movement to organize an
Oakland McKinley Club.
Sent to Whittier.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 19.— William
Kelleher, aged 17 years, was sent to Whit
tier by Judge Frick to-day. He look $85
belonging to his employer, H. Koster, and
went to a Han Francisco hotel with Mrs.
Van Zant, where he was arrested for em
bezzlement. The Sum of $71 41 was found,
the woman admitting the boy gave it her.
PIETRO GOBI'S TALK.
A Female Socialist Presides at the
Anarchist's Lecture.
Mrs. A. Gaffe, an ardent lady socialist,
presided last night at Pietro Gori'a lecture
in Apollo Hall, which was addressed espe
cially to women.
In introducing the anarchist, Mrs. Gaffe
spoke strongly aeainst modern conditions,
saying:
'•Our children demand from us another
neritage than that of slavery, Let us, the
mothers of families, try to-day to crush
the head of this serpent of selfish capital
ism."
IMetro Oori commenced his address by
his usual spirited denunciation of the ex
isting state of society, in which he said,
•'The mother must think of the black to
morrow when bread is not assured to her
children," but he cheered his hearers by
alluding to the time when the workmen
shall have conquered their places at tne
banquet of life.
Pietro Gori denied repeatedly and
emphatically that anarchism desires to
abolish tne family, but he scoffed at the
present marriage laws as being too ridicu
lous to be worth considering. "Ah! they
sav that we want to destroy the family.
Does a family exist for a man who toils
twelve or fourteen hours a day, as they
often do in Europe? The family of such
a toiler is a heavier burden than he can
bear."
The speaker dwelt at length and in
scathing terms on the modern system of
marriage, wb'ich he said had come to be
looked upon merely as a loveless commer
cial contract. There was a large audience.
Gori's views, which at times were very
revolutionary, received warm applause.
-■ A German authority states that from the
mouth to the source of the Rhine £ 725
castles, formerly the homes of warlike
chiefs, are to be found oyerlookinjr the
waters. .. \ . ■ ■ /
A NATURAL "UNCLE SAM."
He Will Figure in the Oakland
Parade on Washington's
Birthday.
TWO THOUSAND CHILDREN.
Regatta in the Afternoon and Pa
triotic Exercises at
Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 19. j
One of the features of the Washington's
birthday parade win be Oakland's natural
'"lincle Sam." The man who so closely
resembles the being used in common by
caricaturists to represent the Nation is
C. W. Cornor, for many years a resident of
this city. Isext Saturday he will be seated
on a float and take the place in the pro
cession for which nature has so well fitted
him.
"Uncle Sam" Cornor, as the gentleman
is known all over Oakland, possesses other
claims than his features for figuring on
this particular Washington's birthday. He
was born in the State of Maine on the 22d
of February, 1826. Consequently he has
just reached the limit of three score and
ten years.
The many floats that will figure in the
parade and the various fraternal -societies
that will be in line have been already pub
lished. It is now estimated that the en
tire parade will be over an hour passing a
given point.
The committee in charge of the exer
cises at the Congregational church have
decided upon the following programme:
March. "King's Choice" Oottl
Oichestra.
Prayer Rev. B. F. Coyie
Choirus, "American Hymn"...D. P. Hughes, leader
Address, "President of the Day". Hon. J. A. Sands
Overture, "Poet and Peasant" Supi>e
Orchestra.
Oration, Washington and His Compatriots
Major K. A. Sherman
Patriotic air, "Star-spangled Banner"
Mrs. Lena Carroll-Nicholson and Chorus
Reading, '-The .Rising in 1776"
Thomas Buchanan Reade
Miss Mabel Hussey.
"Columbia" Orchestra
Oration...'... Hon. George C. Pardee
"America" Orchestra and Chorus
(Audience standing).
Benediction Rev. R. F. Coyle
Soloists— Mrs. Lena Carroll-Nicholson; reader,
Miss Mabel Hussey; organist, W. il. King; First
Congregational church Orchestra, A. T. Stewart
conductor; 1). P. Hughes, leader of chorus.
Superintendent McClymonds has re
ported that there will be least 2000 school
children in the march.
The main streets have already been dec
orated with numerous strings of flags and
bunting, and with two exceptions every
store on Broadway will be decorated.
THE REGATTA.
Six Races Arranged to Take Place on
Lake Merrltt.
The rowing regatta to be held on Lake
Merritt in the afternoon of Washington's
birthday will consist of the followiug en
tries:
First race, four-oared barge— South End Club
of San Francisco, colors red and white; Ariel
Boat Club of San Francisco, colors blue arid
white.
Second race, single shell— South End Club,
Frank Duplesse, colors red and white; J. Me-
Cnusman, colors red and white; Alameda Boat
Club, S. J. Pembroke, colors blue and red.
Third race, single outrigger skiff— Alameda
i Boat Club, J. \V. Pembroke, colors red and
white; Dr. C. Dennis, colors red, white and
black.
Fourth race, single outrigger skiff— Ariel
Boat Club of San Francisco. Robert EP.is, colors
blue and white; Mr. Prendergast, colors blue
and white; Alameda Boat Club, Captain Jack
Lancaster, colors red, while and blue; Fred
Avers, colors red white and blue.
Fifth race, four-oared barge— Alameda Boat
Club, married and single men; married men,
colors red, white and blue; single men, colors
blue and white.
Sixth race, iour-oared outrigger shell— U. C. I
Rowing Club, colors blue and gold; Columbia I
Rowing Club, colors blue and red.
Referee— A. R. Wilson.
Judges— Ai Rodger?, boatbuilder; Eugene i
Flandirs, Ariel Boat Club; Ed Scully, South
End Boat Club.
Races will be under the rules of the I
Pacific Amateur Athletic Association. ■
Handsome first and second prizes will be <
given for each race.
UNIVERSITY POLITICS.
Sophomores Preparing for the Klection
of Their iilne and Gold. Officerg— Se
ries of Services at St. Mark'ti,
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— College
politics is again interesting the students at
Berkeley. President Dorn of the sopho
more class has called a meeting of the '98
men for next Friday afternoon, at •which it
expected that the "Blue and Gold" officers
for the next year will be nominated. The j
question as to how the election will be car
ried on will also come up. Some hot dis
cussion is expected on this point. Presi
dent Dorn favors the assembly system, to i
expedite matters and to prevent jobbery, !
while a large proportion of the class wishes
the ballot system.
Those who have announced themselves
as candidates for the editorship are Steele,
Chickering, Hector and i)ickie. The can
didates for business manager are Baker
and Meade. All of the aspirants, with the
exception of Rector, who is a "non-frat"
man, are members of different Greek let
ter societies, and, as a consequence, the
election will bring forth a more or less
animated fraternity light.
Subject for the Intercollegiate.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— The com
mittee, consisting of seven professors and
students, appointed by the forensics class,
to prepare a question for the coming
annual debate between the University of
California and Stanford, reached a deci
sion to-day.
At the recent meeting of the intercolle
giate executive committee the University
of California won the choice of subject and
Stanford the choice of sides. Now that
Berkeley has decided upon the subject all
that remains is for Stanford to choose their
side, after which the preliminaries in both
I colleges will be held. The following will
I be the subject:
I "Resolved, That article I, section 3,
: clause 1, of the constitution of the I'nited
I States be amended so as to read, 'The
i Senate of the United States shall be com
'■ posed of five Senators from each State,
! chosen by the people thereof, and the
j electors of each State shall have qualifica
i tions requisite for electors of the House of
; Representatives.' Each Senator to be
I chesen for six years and to have one vote.
"And that part of article I, section 3,
clause 2, which refers to the filling of va
i cancies in the Senate, should be amended
| so as to read, 'And if vacancies happen, by
! resignation or otherwise, tliey shall be
tilled in the same manner as vacancies in
the House of Representatives.' "
The students' congress debated the sub
ject extemporaneously at their meeting to
night.
The intercollegiate will be held on the
| evening of April IS, in San Francisco.
Electric Light Building.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— The Berke
ley Electric Lighting Company is about to
I purchase a lot and commence* the erection
lof a brick building. The stockholders
1 have decided to bond the company for
$30,0<X), which will be done at a meeting to
!be held on April 20. The money will be
. spent in securing the new plant and in tho
h pureiiase of new boiler.-?, engines and
dynamos. No location for the new plant
has yet been decided upon. The company
j has recently added to its plan: on Louisa
| street a new $4000 arc dynamo, having a
1 capacity of eighty-rive arc lamps.
Coining of Dr. Fryer.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— President
Kellogg has been informed that Dr. John
Fryer, the newly elected professor of
Oriental languages at the university, will
be able to complete his work at Shanehai
for the Chinese Government by the end of
next June, and in consequence can leßve
for Berkeley one month sooner than he at
first anticipated. He will deliver a course
of lectures on the history of Oriental lan
guages next fall, but does not expect to
commence instructions in the Chinese or
Japanese languages until next year.
Gentlemen's >ight.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— The Cres
cent Athletic Club will give Us second gen
tlemen's night entertainment to-morrow
evening at its rooms on Atlilison street.
The programme will consist of boxing, in
which members from other clubs will par
ticipate, wrestling and indoor bicycle rac
ing by means of a newly invented appa
ratus, through the use of which the bi
cycles will remain in a stationary position,
while each revolution will be registered on,
a dial in full view of the audience.
Glee Club Trip.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— The Uni
versity of California Glee Club will leave
for Santa Kosa next Friday afternoon giv
ing a concert in that city on Friday
evening. On the evening of Washington's
birthday they will appear at Ukiah.
Contract for Pews i.--! .
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 19.— The con
tract has been let for the pews for the new
First Presbyterian Church, the pews to be
ready for use by April 15, by which time
it is expected that the building will ba
ready for occupation. The exterior is al
ready nearing completion. Efforts are
being made by some of the members to se
cure a set of chimes for the church.
A ROBBER ARRESTED.
One of the Men Who Held Up Mrs.
Blnrble Identified.
William McDonald, a Bernal Heights
"tough," 26 years of age, was arrested last
night by Corporal Sheehan and Policemen
McKenna and Thompson and booked at
the Seventeenth-street station on the
charge of robbery.
Mrs. C. J. Marble, who has a milk ranch
on the San Bruno road, was driving home
from the City on the ni^ht of February 12,
when she was held up by two footpads,
who compelled her at the point 01 a re
volver to Hand over to them $25, all the
money she had In her possession.
She notified the police at the Seven
teenth-street station, giving a good de
scription of the two men. Suspicion fell
upon McDonald, and after he was arrested
Mrs. Marble was notified. She drove to
the station and at once identified Mc-
Donald.
NEW TO-DAY.
Gladness Comes
With a better understanding of the
» * transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills, which vanish before proper ef-
forts — efforts — pleasant efforts —
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge, that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a const ipa ted condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed bo highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial;
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which, promotes internal
cleanliness without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine arti-
cle, which is manufactured by the Cali-
fornia Fig Syrup Co. only and sold by
all reputable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, laxatives or
other remedies are then not needed. If
afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
one should have the best, and with the
well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f»2o KEAKJfT «T. Established
In IHSI for the treatment of Private
DisejiSPS. Lost Munhnod. . Debility or
disease wearing on hodyand mind and
Hkln Diseases doctor cures
others fall. Try him. Charges lovr
Cnrricnnranlrrd. CallorwritA.
X>r. J. r. uIBBON, Bos. 1837.5&Q J-'cancls'-i
1314
SAID TO BE HEALTHFUL
Expert Analyst's Report on San
Francisco's Water
Supply.
LONGFELLOW SCHOOL CLOSED.
Condemned by the Board of Health.
Filthy Marin County Milk
Ranches.
The Board of Health considered the re
ports of the experts employed to analyze
and examine the waters of the various
lakes from which the Spring Valley Com
pany supplies this Citv yesterday.
As stated exclusively in The Cu.r. the
reports were very favorable to the water
and Professor Wenzell, the analytical
chemist, stated that in his opinion the
vrator was entirely fit for drinkinc pur
poses and that the quality of the water,
has greatly improved pince the reports of
tlie company were submitted in 18f>4.
An interesting phase of the matter was
the portion of the report referring to the
aeration of water It was inferred from
the results attained that this process
vastly improves the fluid, destroying cer
tain objectionable matter and .adding
others that improve the water.
The difference in the foreign water in
the waters of the various lakes between
In4 and the present was shown hy the fol
lowing table submitted by Professor Wen
zell:
"3 > £ O
•>-: >? ** = 2-2
I ~ BE HI 1 Iff
| if S5 B ?H
P »£ :e x • °«
::: a :
: ; ■ a :
klarcttos, ISS4 |.0180i.0220|.0700|2.145
alarciios, 1896. .0058 .0122 .0075 11.385
an Amireas, 1884 .0080 .0-JOO .0570 ! 2. 06
Ml Andreas. 189t> OOtiti .0251 .0060 1.480
ercert, 1884 .0400 .0410 •_'. ■-'*:(
[erced, 1b96 .0076 1.0'-'2O;. 1008; I.SIO
The report of Professor Wenzell was
borne out by that of Professor Rising, the
State analyst, and others who investigated
the m;ttUT.
Dr. J. C. Spencer, the bacteriologist of
the board, reported that he had given the |
samples submitted to him a careful micro- j
Ecopical examination, and had not found
anything that would menace tlie public '
health. He had found colonies of bacteria,
but they were of the kind found in all
water as a result of decaying vegetable
matter.
In the samples from Lake Merced and ;
the Clarendon Heights and University !
Mound reservoirs an unusual number of j
colonies were found, though not of a dan- ;
gerous kind. Dr. bpencergave his opinion
that with the exception oi that contained :
in the reservoirs mentioned the water sup
plied to San Francisco is of excellent
quality.
" It was recommended by Professor Wen-
Bell that the coverings of the reservoirs be
removed to give the air more chance to
purify the water.
At the close of the reading of there
port?. Dr. Morse moved that the reports
be adopted and the suggestions contained ;
be carried out. Mayor Sutro objected to
such action on the "ground that he had
not had time to examine the reports and
that he desired to see that oi Professor j
Price, who was employed by him, before
coming to any conclusion.
He asked that the matter be deferred ]
until next Wednesday and that a special
meeting be i-alled to pass on the subject.
Dr. Morse consented to this arrangement.
The sanitary condition of the Longfellow
School then came up. Dr. Hart declared
that as the matter now stands the lives of
thousands of school children are endan-
gered and tbat the board should do sonie
thmK to prevent an epidemic of scarlet
fever or diphtheria from gaining a foot
hcld in the City.
He said tbat the Supervisors had given
the committee that called on them little
satisfaction and that there was little like
lihood of relief from that Quarter.
He moved that the Longfellow School
be condemned and closed until such time
as the Board ot Supervisors or Board of
Education should place it in pood sani
tary condition. The motion was carried,
and the Board of Education will be noti
fied to close the school at once. The Rin
con School, which adjoins the Longfellow,
will also probably be closed.
It is believed that the suspension will be
of short duration, as the School Directors
are already laying plans for the immediate
changing of the system.
Milk Inspector 'Dockery reported that be
bad visited the dairies of Marin County
and found them in a most indescribably
filthy condition. Though ne has no juris
diction over them, he expressed it as his
opinion that he could prevent t:.eir milk
from- coming into this City unless they
kept their dairies as the local law requires
of San Francisco dairymen.
Dockery on the Front.
Milk Inspector Dockery was hard at
work yesterday and created a sensation bv
gathering in a large quantity of milk be
low standard. People stood around in
amazement, as can after can of the con
demned commodity was dumped into the
bay. Dockery says tbat be is determined
to follow up his duty of suppressing the
adulteration of miik wherever he tinusit.
WITHDREW ONE CHARGE
Beginning of the Investigation
of Principal Joseph
O'Connor.
It May Be That the Matter Will
Never Come Before the Board
of Education.
The Committee on Rules of the Board of
Education decided last evening to hear the
testimony of witnesses before deciding
whether Principal James O'Connor is to
be tried before the open board on the
charges recently preferred by School Di
rector Henderson, or whether the matter
is to be dropped. This conclusion was ar
rived at after considerable feeling had been
displayed on both sides and sharp words
spoken on both sides.
Director Comte opened proceedings by
stating that the committee had not met to
hold a trial, but simply to learn from
Principal O'Connor's accuser whether it
•was worth while to take up the time of the
board with a trial. Tu this end Mr. Hen
derson was asked how he gained his in
formation, and whether it was through
hearsay.
"I decline to answer," he said. "It is
nobody's business but my own."
The committee looked astonished and
Superintendent Babcock asked: "Is it not
a fact that you went among the homes of
the pupils and tried to rind those who were
opposed to the principal?"
Again Mr. Henaerson refused to answer,
and Mr. Comte said that if he had done
such a thing the committee had a right to
know it. Then the charges were taken up.
Mr. Hendenon was asked whether he was
certain of the language used. Ke answered
that he could not be quite sure that Mr.
O'Connor had used the words, "Get yez to
your rooms," but was certain that the
principal had compared the children to
Digger Indian?.
Then the second and more serious charge
was taken up and Mr. Henderson was
asked wno gave him the informa ion on
which he based his accusation that Mr.
O'Connor was an untit person to conduct
the school.
"I decline to answer," was all that Mr.
Henderson would say.
"'ihen what are you here for?" asked
Director Comte with ?ome warmth. "You
make serious accusations against an em
ploye of this department and then refuse
to aid us in finding out the truth of the
matter. This committee is not iroing to
be bulldozed, though Mr. Henderson
seems to be trying that operation. If this
is to go on I am ready to report that there
is nothing in the charges, and that it is
useless to bother the board with them."
"As a matter of fact." put in Mr. Bab
cock, "you have been draanetting the
neighborhood of the school and trying to
tind pupils who have been disciplined by
Mr. O'Connor to testify against him, have
you not?"
Mr. Hen -arson denied tlie charge and
after talking in a disjointed way about the
principals character in the past suddenly
announced that he would withdraw the
hist charge and only insist on tho charge
that the principal hr.d used improper
language.
When Mr. O'Connor was sworn he denied
everything contained in the charges ex
oopt that he had compared the pupils to
Digger Indians.
"They were noisy and unruly," said Mr.
O'Connor, "and I told them that their con
duct was a discredit to their parents, the
school and themselves. I also said that
their manners were worse than those of
Digger Indians, not rellecting upon their
parents or bringing up, but merely on
their actions at that moment."
It was decided to hear testimony as to
other words attributed to the principal by
Mr. Henderson and both were instructed
to be on hand with their witnesses at 8
o'clock next Monday evening.
BROKE UP THE BAND.
■ Desperate San Luis Obispo Cattle
8 Thieves Brought to
Book.
Sheriff Ballou's Story of a Formidable
Gang of Robbers Who Posed
as Farmers.
Sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo
County arrived here last night, having in
charge Hjalmer Petersen, one of a notori-
I ous band of cattle thieves infesting San
; Luis Obispo County for a longtime. Peter
sen has been sentenced to State prison for
seven years.
"The band has made its headquarters
mainly in the northwest corner of San
Luis Obispo," said Sheriff Ballou, who is
at the Grand. "It is a large band and has
been operating there for ten or twelve
years. They have become very formidable,
and the cattle-owners there and others had
become afraid of them. The thieves would
steal the cattle in numbers all the way up
from one to twenty. They drove them to |
Templeton, San Luis Obispo and other j
places and sold them to butchers. They
would also steal wheat by the wagon-load,
haul it to a mill and exchange it for flour,
and then divide up. as they did with the
proceeds of the cattle-stealing.
"The thieves have been living at vaiious
places in the mountains. Some of them
are married and have nice families. They
usually have a little patch of cleared ground
arouiut their houses, so they can raise
\ a little hay, but it is all a blind," for the real I
| business is stealing. The organization has j
| been very complete, with many ramifica
! tions, and they all stood in together.
••When I went into office different cat
■ tle-owners complained to me that they
I had lost cattle, and that they knew who
i stole them. I told them I "wanted the
proof, and I reported the names of the
' complainants to the Grand Jury. They
1 were called and testified to the alleged j
I facts and indictments were found.
I arrested nine of them altogether;
and the evidence is so straight that several
of them have pleaded guilty in order to
get as light sentences as possible. The
others will surely be found guilty. Two
young fellows, members of the band, have
fled the State.
"The band is now broken up. It was
one of the most desperate organizations
ever known in the State, but fright has
overcome its members now. I think the
j farmers and others who have suffered from
I their long-continued depredations will suf
! fer no more."
THEY WANT GOOD STREETS,
Knthusiaatic Meeting of tho Point Lobos
Improvement Club.
People in Richmond seem resolved upon
having passable streets, though they are
apparently having a deal of trouble in
bringing their resolutions to the desired
culmination. Last night the Point Lobos
Improvement Club held a meeting in
Mohrman's Hall, on Fifth avenue, near
Clement street, and decided to refer a
number of their grievances to the Mayor,
the Board of Supervisors and the Superin
tendent of Streets.
George R. Fletcher occupied the chair,
and after calling the meeting to order
asked for the views of those present in re
lation to tbe proposed improvement of the
roadways. Luke liattie?, chairman of the
committee on the First-avenue boulevard,
reported that his committee had arrived
at an understanding with the Presidio
Heights Improvement Club, and tliat
henceforth both organizations would work
in harmony.
Some discussion ensued as to the re
numbering of certain of the streets, tile
present system bein • considered rather
! confusing, but no action was taken.
A resolution wai adoptei calling the at
tention of the authorities to the crossings
at the intersection of California street with
Second, Third and Fourth avenues. It
was sai-1 that these crossings are prac
tically impassable even for light vehicles.
A committee was also appointed to confer
with his Honor the Mayor in reference to
the state of Point Lobos avenue between
Thirty-third and Thirty-seventh avenues.
Since the Sutro road w'as laid this part of
the avenue has been much cut up, and the
residents are desirous of seeing it put in
proper condition. An effort will also bo
made for the running of cars on the road
at more frequent intervals, particularly in
the early morning and evening, as work
ingmen are now delayed sometimes as long
as twenty minutes waiting for a car.
The matter of sidewalks in Central
avenue will also be referred to the Super
intendent of Streets, as well as the condi
tion of Sixth avenue. On the latter thor
oughfare there is said to be a great lack of
paving between the tracks, some blocks be
ing rendered well-nigh uninhabitable by
reason of the sand blowing about almost
constantly.
Alter the regular meeting of the club,
the executive committee held a brief ses
sion. I. S. Green was elected a member in
piace of T. G. Parker, who has removed
from the district, aud Luke Battles was
elected cnairman. The committee decided
to accompany Mr. Fletcher to tbe cham
bers of the Board of Supervisors to-day in
order to aid him in presenting a statement
of tlie needs of the district to the proper
authorities.
The Story of King Arthur.
The special committee on a course of free
lectur.es appointed by the Board of Education
announces that the next lecture to the
teachers of the department will be given by
Hon. Horace Davis in the auditorium of the
Girlr High School, corner of Scott and Geary
streets, to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. The
subject of the lecture will be "The Ktorv of
Kins Arthur." Music will be furnished by 'the
eighth and ninth erade clasaes of the l'acilic
Heights Orammar School.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20. IH9G.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Fran Cisco Cam,—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nlßbt in the year.
BRANCH OKFICES-830 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayps strpet. oppn until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin strpet, open until 9:30 o'clock. *
k'i\'. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
KOTIfK *>F flli;iSTJ>ah.
JJ-rS 3 CALIFORNIA LODGENO. 1, F. it
t*-* s^ and A. M.. will meet THIS (THURS- aK
DAY) EVE INO, February 20. at 7:3o^fjf
o'clock. Third degree. By order of ■ the <v>
master. FRaNKLIN ri.DAY, Secretarv.
lf^s»= DuKic LODGE NO". 'Jit;, ~ F. AND •
Eb-JS? A.M., 121 Eddy st.— failed meeting M\
THIS EVENING at 7::-S0 o'c:ocii. Second tr
degree. Sojourning brethren are Invited. /x^>
By order of the W. M. ADOLPH KRONBERG, Sec
VJjEzip SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO A
r ir ' Lodxe. No. 212. F. and A. >!.. meets »*
THIS EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-¥f]3f
gree. By order of the Master. f^r\
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
K _>r T H E OFF I C E(IS A N D "m"e^~'^m^ /y ~
*-*' bers of San Francisco Lortie c *3i2i&L
No. 3, I. O. O. I<\, are hereby notified ;?&flg*S?
that at our next regular meeting, FRI- '^7" v^*
DAY EVENING, Feb. 21, the lodge will gi\f an
entertainment and dance for the recept on nnd
visit of Oriental Hebekah li.'u-reo I. (id No 90.
J. N. TERKELSON, Noble Grand.
F. M. Ha okm ax, Recording Secretary.
«t^g= NOTICE-A. O. H., BOARD OFte IB sS!v»>
iw-*" Erin— The monthly meeting will be V\\v)/
held on THURSDAY, Feb. 20. 1896, at SRW//
7:30 o'clock sharp, as business of Import-c^WiS [
atice will come before the board. By order Bx2 '
ot D. WARD. County Delegate. i
John- McCabtxky, County Secretary.
flltr-S= -'MUSIU.SONG ANDMTCKLE v C7 >,
üb-*' Glee"— Fifth annual celebration 3V ckufi
of Washington's birthday by Clan >&»>,X£*
Fraser No. 78, Order of s<-'o:tisii Clans.
FRIDAY EVENING, February 21, IS9B. at Scot-
tish Hall. Larkin st. Rev. J. dimming Smith wili
deliver an address. Subject, "Scotchmen In Amer-
ican History." The famous Knickerbocker Quar-
tet, assisted by other talented artists, will furnish
a hrs'-class musical programme. Full particulars j
see programmes. oucnrt at 8, grand march 10
o clock. Admission 25c.
EDWARD KERR, Chief.
iixtam Cormack, Secretary-
Beq3p THE REGULAR MEETING OF THE
ur-** Bricklayers' Association will be held at
B'nai B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy St., THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, February 19, at 8 o'clock.
Business of great importance.
' JOHN B. CAMPBELL, President. .
jK^gp ANNUALMEEMING— REGULAR
i*-*^ annual meeting ot stockholders of the West-
ern Beet Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the coniDany, 327 Market street, san Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1896, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.." for tlie purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, February
29, 1896, at 12 o'clock if. .
E. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
DJVIDKXD NOTICBS.
jptTS 3 dividend N'T>r7cl^nrrX^E~N J rrivor
t-""^ 28 (fifteen cents per share), of the Hutchin-
son Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable at the of-
rice of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
THURSDAY, February 20, 1896. Transfer books
will close Friday, February .14, 1896. nt H o'clock
!•■ m. ]■:. H. SHELDON. Si cretary.
SPECIAL NOTIUKS.
}fcEi?""tro~^fN?rTTs*r^
Ip-=^ teaches languages. Room 31, 321 Ellis st.
jj?^s= MME. M U A N DA, 17 GRANT AVE.,"
Urs^ parlor 1; vapor and electric baths.
s|Ep3p ENGLISH LADY GIVES GENUINE
CJ-*^ massage. Room 46J350 Market Bt.
it^=» MISS PATON GIVES GENUINE
l!^* y steam baths. 121 Montgomery st.. room 6.
ft^ 3 BIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW
l*~*> every night cor. M arket ana Sixth sts. : artis-
tic advertisements in livit:jt lielit; promoters of
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., ll«0 Marset.
jSCS 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $IT
"f-— r Collections made, city or country. Paoltta
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy st., room ti, 1 el. &080.
|^^=' W INDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
****** scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages cuaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
Jt^> DR. EUGENE ROLAXD, MAGNETIC
Cg*-iy treatment for rhmatism.r. 20, 116a Grant av
ffi^gp SENORITA CARMENCITA SCOTT A
l*^*^ gives Spanish lessons. Room 2. 27 Taylor.
j^TS 3 MRS. NETA. CHIROPODIST; ELECTRO
Cg^^ treatment. Oflice 11, 5V 3 Kearny st.
Jf^S°" EVA GOLDSTEIN— GIVKS LESSONS N
U^-*>" the autoharp. Parlor 2, 120a Eddy Bt.
]R3= SENORITA CARMENCITA SCOT-
O^^ ta. 10J Stockton street, room 43. Parisian
baths.
Kr^§=* MMK. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS-
Ur-Jy Electric, vapor, salt water baths. 116 Taylor.
SJ^S=Ta N N DAVIS.MANICURE PARLORS,
I^-^ moved from 202 to 122 Post; parlors ■- <S 3.
Ct^s= MiSS WILLIAMS. INSTRUCTION ON
t*- 1^ piano. Room 15, 101 Vb Grant ave.
BT^= 202a PO ST — A~CO 1 E N,~G E N UIN E
Cb^s" Parisian baths. Offices 2 and 3.
S^" GYPSY CARD READER; 25c AND UP.
EP^S' Room 2, 12 Mason st.
oE^g=» mae edward's has returned to
Ur-£^ 3031^ Sutter, room 3; genuine magnetic
treatment.
ll^Sp VESTA GOLDSMITH, GENUINE JEW-
i*^^ ish massage. Oflices 47-48, 850 Market st.
|KS=» MRS. WALLACE GIVES GENUINE
*-** magnetic treatment. 109 Powell, room 23-.
f£-£** MRS. STEWART GIVES GENUINE
I*-** steam baths. J2oi / Geary, rooms 10 and 11.
l£^s= AL M A G R*EY, Cll RQPODIST, 6"20
ar *-* y Market sc, room '2i, opp. Palace Hotel.
BE^g 3 MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
w^*r 8. second tloor; genuine massage treatment.
C^S="miss FRANCES BERNHARD; GENU-
JS ' j ne as3age treatment. 17a Sixth st.. nn. 1.
SK5p DR. ROSE CLEVELAND RETURNED;
t*-^ Chicago baths: attdta. R.4. 110a Grant ave.
. SITUATIONS \VAMKI)-rhM.\i.l..
17«OR FIRST-CLASS COOKS. GIBLB
1 and maids with the best of citv references call
on LtcON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
T ADIES-IF YOU WANT A NURSEGIRL;
-I -i second girl, seamstress, laundress, cook or gen-
eral houseglrl send us your orders; we have many
of all nationalities with references^ c. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st. Telephone Grant 185.
t\(\ HOTEL WA ITRESSHS, PANTRY OIRLS,
*J\J chambermaids and laundresses want places
Send In your orders to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary s'. "
rriRUSTWORTHY INFANT'S NURSE DE-
J- sire^ situation: two years last place; citv or
country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st. Tele-
phone, Main GSV2O.
VTEAT, CAPABLE SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
-i-> ifirl desires situation: $ir> to ff>2o; best refer- i
ences: ciiy orcounlry. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter. '
COMPETENT AMERICAN WOMAN WISHES
yj to do general housework; good cook, washer
and ironer; would work by the day; good refer-
ence. 934 Washington st.
! CAPABLE AGREEABLE CONSCIENTIOUS
VJ American lad.- will give services to elderly or
middle-aged lady in exchange for pleasant relinvd
home and pin-monf-y. "Pin-money." box 114, Call
C\O MPET K N f FIR S T D lt ESSM K E R
\J wants to take full charge of diessmaKinK estab-
lishment in country town; highest references.
Call or address C. R., 1356 Valencia st.
Hot:si :k BE PER i n WIDOWER OR gen-
tleman's family; refined, educated young
woman; not afraid of work; unincumbered. MISS
DUDLEY, 7 Van Ness ave.
DRESSM A KER, ACCUSTOMED TO BEST
work, wishes few select customers by the day;
terms moderate; perfect fit and Parisian styles.
Address "The lvanhoe," 1002 Polk st.
Y'OUKO LADY STENOGRAPHER ANDTYPE-
J- wriler desires situation; experienced: can show
ncommendaiioii from last place. Address R. It..
box 64. Call Ollice. ■ --.-'."■■■-■
PE-PECTABLE WOMAN WIsilES WASH
■it Ing and hotiB3cleanlng by the day. Call 1138
Howard st., top tloor.
II'OMAN WANTS TO DO LIGHT WAS ING
'» anil housecleanlng by the day; $1 a day and
car fure. Call or address 138 Clnra st.
AllY W I HH ES POSITION TO TAKE
Ji charge of children and help with upstairs work.
A.ldress T. C, box 121. all Ottice.
T> ELI ABLE COMPETENT NURSE WANTS
J-V to take charge of 2 or 3 children. Call or aa-
dress 1122 Jackson St.
OMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WANTS BIT-
VJ uation to do general housework; Is good plain
cook. Call or address 1313 Stockton st.. room 27.
V" OUNGGERMAN WIDOW, WITH 8- YEAR-
-1 old Kirl, wishes position, do general housework.
Apply 1098 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
\ OUNO GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
-L by the day, washinu or housecleanlng; $1 60 a
day. Address 69 Clementina St., rear.
CIOMPETENT WOMAN* WANTS SITUATION
\J to do housework is good cook. 345 Miuna St..
bet. Fourth and Fifth. .
RESPECTABLE WOMAN— TO DO GENERAL
housework: good cook and laundress; 5 years'
reference. Cull 3H4 Jesiie st. :
9 YOUNG GIRLS WOULD LIKE PLACES TO
*- do general housework wages $12, $15. Call at
843 Howard st.
CIOMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
\J do cooking and housework; _ood references.
1119y 3 McAllister St., near Webster. . '
TXT OMAN WANTS WORK BY-DAY; WASH,
""house-cleaning and moving. 24 Verona st.,
off Third, bet. Folsom and Harrison. •■"..-
S" TKONG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day; washing, clewning, etc.; wages fl. Ap-
room 7, 325 i-'ourth st. ■ .: .■
"Vr OUNG (i!RL WISHiSS SITUATION TO AS-
J- s!st at light housev\ork or care for children. An-'
ply at 835 Valencia st. ■_. :;..
T?LDERLYVVIDOW \vis"heh TO do LIGHT
■U work for room and board. Address Honie, Cull
Braucli Oflice, 2618 Mission st. ■
_J=JTITATIO?iS WASTED-Contlnn»(J.
DRESS'MAICER ■ WOULD LIKE TO TAKE
work home or go out by the day. $1 50 a day.
301 Franklin st.
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
x housekeeper; excellent cook. 1148 Sutter St.,
room 24.
STRONG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION IN
private family to do housework and plain cook-
ing. 963 Mission st., room 6.
pOMI'ETENT WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
\J housework, cooking, washing and Ironing. Call
l_Tay St.. off Clay, between Powell and Mason.
OSITION WANTED AS COMPANION OR
X wait on lady. Address C, box 85, Call Office.
GERMAN ' NURSE WISHES ENGA E-
VJ meuts: lady in coniinement and sick children.
216y 2 Sixth st.
T) Y FIRST-CLASS COOK AND COMPETENT
-I-* nurse in private family: good home more an
Object than wages. Call 1236 Bush st.
EN TI.EM EN'S MENDING EATLY DONE
VJ at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
\OUNO WOMAN, RECENTLY FROM THE
East, wishes any kind of work in family, or
care for children or invalid; country preferred.
Address 8., pox 33. Call Oilice.
OM AN WANTS POSITION TO DO GEN-
" eral housework or mind children; good refer-
ence. Call 10 Cleveland, nr. b venth and Folsom.
A X AMERICAN WIDOW DESIKES A POSI-
-<**. tion as housekeeper or companion. Widow,
box 20, Call office-. Oakland.
QITUATION WANTED — X OFFICE OR
O store or typewriter. M. K., 3281 Central ave.,
Alameda.
UrANTED— SITUATION TO TAKE CARE
'" of children by a young girl: church-going peo-
ple preferred. 411 Post St., basement.
yOUNG LADY' WAN TS~ SITUATION IX
I X hotel as cook or waitress. Call at 160 Fourth,
| room 28.
i W ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAX SIT-
" nation as cook and laundress; city or country.
Apply 39 Minna.
TLJVXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER WANTS
JJ tew more engagements by. the day; terms
SI 50. Ca11.209 Franklin St.
y OUNG WOMEN FROM the COUNTRY
X would like any kind of sewing or mending.
1169 Mission st., nr. Eighth, room 15, second floor.
I)EFINED Y'OUNG WOMAX WI'SHEs PO-
I Xt sitlon as housekeeper. 203 Powell St., room 5.
yOU.NG WOMAN DESIRES POSITION A3
X nurse in small family. Call or address 929 Pine.
"T merTc an~ work in g HOUSEKEEPER
-i^v wa ts situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda.
yOUXG MARRIED LADY", XO CHILDREN,
X wishes njnee to take full charge of respectable
rooming-house. Address or call on MRS. DE-
-1 VINE. 408 Sixth st.
yOUNG SWEDISH iTlitL WAN 1 S LIGHT
X housework. Call 405 Fifth st.
y OUNG GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
1 general housework, and cooking. Call 162V2
Clara st.
Q I I'T ATION WANTED BY YOUNG GIRL TO
O take eare of children and assist In housework.
Apply 10 Falmouth St., off i-olsom, between Fifth
and Ulxtn sts.
I\MDOW, SPEAKS FRENCH, WOULD LIKE
'I a place to nurse one child, do light upstairs
work and sewing; Oakland preferred., F. c,, box
10, Call Ollice, Oakland.
LADY' wishes POSITION as HOUSE-
J keeper; is good liressmaker. 137 , Seventh St.,
room 1. -"-«:'*"
it E NCII DRESSMAKER, GOOD FITTER.
-T would like a few more engagements in family.
38ViMossst.
WELL-EDUCATED LADY' WISHES A POSI-
'» tiou in office or wholesale house. Address S.
E., box 67, Call Office.
JAD Y WISHES A POSIT lON AS JHOUSE-
J-i ke<>per. 215a Post St., room 15.
"VriSITIXG GOVERN 1 Ss, AN EXPERI-
V enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature and piano. Y. G.,
box 104, Call.
yOUNG- SPANISH LADY WISHES -HOUSE-'
JL keeper's position. Room 15. 1201/2 Geary st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 TllißD ST., NR.
»' Market; 200 rooms ; 25c to *1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient knd res»i>ectable;
Iree bus to and from the terry.
SITUATIONS WAMEo-alALl!:.
C|)A MEN FOR ALL KINDB OP WOHK ABX
O\i\J waiting for situations at J. F. CROSETT <t
'JO.'s Employment Agency, 628 Sacramento st. '
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPI'LI COOKS: ALL
• branches :short notice. 1 4 Geary, tel.Grant46.
UNTKR & CO., IH'NESE AND JAPAN-
esc employment office, 17 Webb st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
JAPANESE KMPLOY'MENT OFFICE PRO-
vides best help. 314b Sutter st.: tel. Grant 30.
pHINKsE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. -1 1 41 2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
I AX AND WIFE (GERMAN) WITH BOY OF
-L'A 7 would like to work in boarding-house, ranch
or private family; wife good housekeeper; man
willing to do any kind of work. Address M. G..
45 Carol ma st., nr. Stxtb. bet. Folsom and Harrison.
A CTIVE MAN REQUIRES EMPLOYMENT*:
tV expert bookkeeper; has knowledge of ma-
chinery: good round man: highly recom-
mended; security. R., 15 Tilden st.
GENTLEMAN OF "20 YEA EXPERIENCE
in the commission business with the whole-
sale grocers is open for engagement. Address W.
G.. box 61, Call ollice.
MAN WANTS EMPLOYMENT WHERE
worK is not heavy; some experience at nurs-
ing and store work. Address M. D., box 119, Call
Office.
N HONEST, ENERGETIC, WELL-EDU-
cated youth desires a position in office; best
of references. Address Experience, box 85, Call.
ITUATION WANTED; GERMAN 30 YEARS
of u?e. able to furnish security, wants worK;
understands handling horses; Is willing- to work.
Address G., box 69, Call.
JAPANESE BOY', SPEAKING GOOD ENG-
lisb. wism-s a situation as waiter, housecleauer
and bell-attender. GEORGE, box 160. Call Office.
pOACHMAN OR MAX ABOUT PLACE;
\J thoroughly understands care and driving
horses: good gardener and milker; handy with
tools; California references. Address A. S., box
115, Call oilice.
\i A N AN I) WIFE WANT SITUATION;
-L'A man understands gardening and stock; woman
thorough housekeeper: would lake charge of room-
ing house. S. E., ,0. Call Ollice, Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED — SURVEYOR AND
civil engineer; 6 years' experience with one of
the largest constructing firms in the United States;
bridges, trestles and concrete, forms a specialty.
Address Engineer, box 69, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY AN ENGLISH
O coachman who thoroughly understands his
business: willing about place; can milk: first-
class references. Address JOE, 1725 Everett st.,
Alameda, Cal.
H< iN WILLING YOUNG MAN WISHES
work; c:erk. porter, collector, salesman, etc. :
7 years in former place; references excellent.
Y. M., box I'2, Call Office. -
rANITOR, MARRIED, NO CHILDREN,
O wishes stuation: best of references from last
employer; strictly sober and handy. Please call
or address 923 Minna st. •
STRICTLY FIRST-CLASS BARBER. WHO
has been employed in the best shops in city,
is desirous of place to work evenings. Saturday
and Sunday. Address A No. 1, box 65, Call Office,
r OUNG RELIABLE MARRIED GERMAN
X wishes some kind of work. Address A. O. S.,
box 16, Call Office.
j^'V 18 Yi-.ARS OLD, WOULD LIKE SITUA-
!-» tion of any kind; good references. Address W.,
634 Polk st.
WANTED— BY A YOUNG MAN WITH WIFE
" and child a position as clerk or bookkeeper;
city or country. Addres« 134 Fourth St.. room 26.
OITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN
KJ as porter in wholesale howse or saloon: best of
references. A. HELLSTROM, -09 Seventh st. J
yOUNG GERM A N, WELL ACQ AI XTED IX
X the clty,wautB job on delivery wagon. Ad-
aress Y. 0., box 116, Call Oflice.
/"I EN 11. 1 .Ma.N. HIGH EUROPEAN EDUCa-
VJ tion, French. German, etc., wants occupation;
references; eventually bonds. Address G. H.,
box 68. Call.
\ DVEUTISr.R. HOLIMNG HIGHEST CRE-
■» dentials, offers $50 to any one procuri him
permanent employment as bookkeeper In repu-
table establishment. Alpha, box 67, Call.
Q ITUATION WANTED BY" A BLACKSMITH i
O competent to do all kinds of work and shoeing-
city or country: references. Address S. BUT-
TKRY'. 809 Treat ave.
ST R I TL Y SOBKR AXD RELIABiTe MlD-
dle-aged man wants to work: around a private
place: would work for small wages for a home;
city or short distance in co ntfy. Address E. C,
box 76, this oilice.
BA K ER WANTS SITUATION; FIRST-CLASS
JJ man on bread and cake; American t Address
M. P., box 8. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
*._> general printer; sober, steady and can handle
liny work, book or job. Address G. W., box 41,
Call Office. ■
pOAOIIMAN, BY A YOUNG MAX FROM
yj Boston; thoroughly understands his business;
can furnish best references. Apply LL M., box 14,
Call Ollice.
FEMALE UKLP WANTED.
MOT H 1 R AND DAUGHTER, SMALL COUN-
- try hotel, '-'s2s: waitress, $20; neat woman
cook, near city, $16, see ladv here; and other
places. MURRAY & READY. 634 Clay st. . ,
V EAT GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL,
■i-i housework and cooking, American family of 3,
city, $-20. MIItKAV & READY, 634 Clay St. ;
\V' ANTED— REST AURA NT COOK, $7 WEKK;
"2 waitresses, $20; French chambermaid, plain
s?win , $20; German s.fond girl, $20; 3 c oks.
German style, $'25; 2 French and Irish nnrses,
$20; invalid's nurse, $20; oj rrators on children's
clothes. *6 to $8 50 a week; colored meat cook for
hotel, $25; 4 Ironers in laundrv, $10 a week, and
others. J. F. CROSETT «v CO., 31 2 butter st.
\V A NTED— MOTHER AND IIAI'tiHTKH OR
" 2 friends ns cook, etc. ; see party here at 11 to-
day. .1. l-.CKOSETT.fc CO., 3l'J Sutter 81.
GJ RL, 2 IX FA M ILY', $20 ; > 2 A 1 U RSKG I 1: 1 s,
VT $12; 2srcond girls. $15; 10 houses lrlti, f 2O,
MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton at.
. * PKT.P WANTKn-Conttnnwd. __
COOK, SAI'SALITO, $30; NURSE.T CHILD,
$30, same house: second girl, same house, $26;
20 housework girls, ciiy and countrv, S2O and $25;
6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
T? JENWI SKCOXD GIRL, $25; GERM AX OR
-*- Swedish second girl and seamstress, $20; house-
work girl, Alameda, $20. MISS CULI.EN, 323
Sutterat.
V EAT HOUSEWORK GIRL, COUNTRY, $20.
-L\ MISS CULLEX, 323 Sutter st.
fJ*Mt&.N OK SWEDISH SECOND GIRL, $20.
\* MISS CULLEX, 323 Sutterst.
pHAMBERMAID, *15; WAITRESS, SAME
V^ house, $16. MISS CULLEX, 323 Sutter st.
piIAMBERMAin, LODGIXG-HOUSE, $15.
V^ MISS CULLEX, 323 Sutter st. ■
pOOK, $35. MISS CULLEX, 323 SUTTER
\J street.
WOMAN' TO COOK IX THE COUNTRY ONE
" week. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
poLORKD XURSE. $30. M 1 SS CULLEN, 323
\J Sutter st.
£. WAITRESSES, $20, ROOM. ETC.; 7 HOUSE-
*J girls, $20 a month; lady rroner, $9 to $10 a
week; starchers, $12 a week; 4 uursegirls, $10
and .$l2 a month. MARTIN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market st.
9 NURSK GIRL>, ONE CHILD. $15; 2 GIRLS
— to assist, $10; 4.cooks, $25 to $30; 2 housegirls,
$20; waiter girl for country hotel, $15. 315 Sutter.
\VTAXTED-GIRL FOR ALAMEDA. HOUSK-
» » work. S'2o; 3 girls for housework, ipzOand $25,
ty. 1 1 V Anlonla st., off Jones, near Ellis.
pOUPLE OF YOUNG ladies for o"ffice
\J and inventory work. U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 167. Crocker building.
WANTED— FOR AX INFANT, COMPETENT
»i Swedish or Norwegian nurse; references. Call
1 to 3 Thursday or Saturday 2220 Webs. erst.
W ANTED — EXPERIENCED NURSE TO
» » take charge of infant: city references required.
Call afternoon 1630 Sacramento st.
\'or>*G GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
■«• work- good home for willing girl; *10. 408
Sanchez st.
XPERIENCED FINISHERS ON COATS.
108 Battery st. ;
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST TAK-
ing care of baby. 738 Ellis st.
y OUNG GIRL ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE-
X work; German preferred. 1044 Go den Gate.
N' EAT GKRMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
_ housework. 211 Scott st., near Halght.
y OUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X Call 1636 Post st.
CA HOLIC G I FOR HOUSE WORK; WAGES
$10. 819 Golden Gate ave.
fURST-GLASS TAILORESS ON PANTS. 161
Tehama st. *
STRONG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 1511a
Howard st.
/ a 1 ItL OF 15 OR 16 YEARS TO TAKE CARE
}X of baby. 1418 Pa-;e st.
\\ ANTED— YOUINGGIRL; ASSIST IN LIGHT
' housework and cooking. 1'217 Wenster.
rp A I LO RE YhTu.VG GIRL AS~AI r PREN-
X tice on coats. 457 Jessie St,
SEAMSTRESS TO SEW ON DRESSES, ALSO
►J 2 apprentices. 16^0 Post st.
\ PPREXTICE AT DRESSMAKING: PAID
xl- while learning. 420 Larkin St., cor. Tnrk.
W ANTED— GIRL ABOUT 15, TO TalTe
TT care of children. 1308a Leavenworth.
ERMAN GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL
VJ" housework. 2732 Pine st. - r --.-,•
A PPREXTICKS TO LEARN DKESS CUT*
tmi;uii(l mukiug. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
Gllth, GOOD COOK; NONE o'Tt'lEß NEED
apply; family of 3. 1727 Page St.
ERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING AND GKN-
erai housework; sleep at home. A 1023
Minna st., Det. Eleventh and Twelith, off .Mission.
pOLORED NUI'.SEGI ItL WANTED TO CARE
\J lor 2 growing children; wages $10. BOWHAY',
604 Sutterst.
lI R EE LADY SOLICITORS: THOSE HAV-
X ing some knowledge of Insurance preferred. P.
11. A. Co., room 6, sixth floor, Mills building.
W INCUESTER HOCSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
«l Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per nleht; $1 50 lo $6 per
week: J"'e bus to and irom the ferry.
rpHOROUGH COURSE IX MILLINERY
X taught: will prepare pupils to take positions this
Bprlng. MISS ALICE HAAKE, 121 Post, rm. 46.
HfcisMAKlXii, CUTTING, FIITING, FlX-
ishinc taught: easy to learn; rapid to use: pat-
terns. '25c up, at McDowell Academy, 213 Powell st.
HAIRDRESsING, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eveclasses: 101es?ons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
"j AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE—
XJ cult'.ng school. 1231 Market St.. Det. Bth and 9:h.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 LO to $6 per
week : free bus to and irom the f erry. •
MALE HbLl- WAITED.
p ARDENEIt, PRTvA^E^AMTLYTpORThrR",
VJ pantry-man. 2 cooks, 2 ■waiter-boys, 2 wood-
choppers; 2 qnarrymen, engineer, concrete-mixer,
2 orchard hands, blacksmith for a ranch and other
places from $20 to $60. MURRAY «fc READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. -
M ERICA N MAN AND WIFE, PRIVATE
A family, $50; young second cook, lunchhonse,
$9 a week: man to make shakes and pickets, piece
work; solicitor for winehouse. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
•WANTED— 2 CROSSCUT-SAW Y'ERS, $26; 2
I »T barkers, $26: swamper, $20; 6 woodchoppers,
I $1 25 cord, long job: miner, $3 day; cooks, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628- Sac-
ramento st. .-..>-
W ANTED— WAITER FOR restaurant,
IT $35; butler for small family, city, $40; cook
fcr restaurant, $60, etc. LEOX a'XDRE, 315
Stockton st.
O WAITERS FOR SPRINGS; $25. C. R. HAX-
— BEN CO.. 110 Ge .ry st.
5 KILLED MEX FOU PIPE-ORGAN F.\C-
tory; one a pipemaker. one a bellows-maker
; and one a voicer; each must be competent in gen-
i eral work; also a competent traveling salesmun
: for pianos nnd organs. U. S. Industrial Agency,
; room 167, Crocker building.
W ANTED— WAITERS. CALL PALACE HO-
»» tel Employment Oflice at 9:30 this morning;
only rlrst-class waiters need apply.
\\T A NTE D— MA KERS AND DISTRIBU-
»' tors. Parisian Laundry, Dolores and Twenty-
ninth sts.
WANTED — GOOD COMPOSITORS AND
»' printers. 49 First st.
yOUNG MAN WAITER WANTED. 1805
X Halght st.
ATfER ; MUST ALSO MAKE BEDS.
»T Gercke H0te1, 922 Battery st.
U OOKKEEPKR FOK EXTRA WORK EVERY
I > second evening. Call 2 p. m., 15 Stockton st.
Tj"XPERIEXCED APPRENTICE GIRL ON
XJ custom coats: wages paid. 604 O'Farrell st.
BARBEB-SHOP FOR SALE TO-DAY; CASH
or installments. Fourth and Braiinan sts.
ARBER-sTIOP-3 CHA I 15c SHOP; HOT
and cold water. 19 Mission.
Q GOOD men to WORK A new PLAX of
O life insurance: something new on the coast-
chance for advancement. 91010 a. m., third floor,
Industrial Department, Pacific Mutual building,
Montgomery and Sacramento sts. ■
Wan ted-a ge rjTaxTn a winehouse
Ti as abartendcr; must understand to sell goods
In the store; only a well-recommended man need
apply. J!., box uO, this ollice.
•ANTED- YOUNG MAN TO LEARN DENT-
istry; references required. Apply 1631 Devi-
sadero st., cor. Sutter, bet. hours of a and 4 p. m.
ARBERS AND THE PUBLIC, TAKE XO-
tlce— That all harber-shops are notified to close
on Saturday, February 22, Washington's birthday
at 12 o'clock, noon. E. PAUL ROCHE, Recording
Secretary Barbers' Protective Union.
ARBER-GOOD; WANTS STEADY JOB
year round Saturday and Sunday; or even-
ings and Saturday and Sundaylin good shop. e..
box 18. Call Office, '■» f *^--
SHOEMAKER'S shop for sale-good
O custom: sbop must be sold at once. 2903 Pine.
St., cor. Baker.
/IOOD STRONG BOY OR YOUNG MAN To
learn the candy business, at once. SCHAEF-
ER'S, 22 Sixth St.
EXPERIENCED DOMESTIC AND MEN'S
furnlshing-goods' salesmen. It., box 2, Call.
O-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP: 3 ROOMS; \LSO
O shoemaklng-shop; reasonable. 649 Broadway.
L>ARBEB-SHOP For SALE: GOOD LOCA-
»* tion; laundry pays rent; $60. 514 Mission st.
UOlt SALK— WELL-ESTABLISHED SHOE-
X rnaker-shop; account other business. 1197
Market st. -
SEAMEN FOR EUROPE, SOUTH AMERICA,
_ bouth Africa. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.' •
WANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
' » ery st., clerks and laborers -to call If they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
]V EW WALDO HOUSE." 765 M ISS ION. bet.
J-V 3d and 4th— Slnsjle furnished rooms, night 15c
toBOc; we<-ksl to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room ;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all nighu
O R PASSAGE AND FREIGHT DIRECT TO
X the placer gold fields of Cooks Inlet aiidress
C. D. I.ADI), 9 Third at., Sar. Francisco. . ;-.-«
EST MKAL ON EA KTII ; WELL COOKED- 8
courses. 10c, at Seattle Restanrant, 137 Fourth.
CREAMERY' HALL RKWTAURANT: SEAT"
V/' Ing capacity 120 chairs: meals sc. 635 Clay st.
SALESMAN— "TO sei.l, I'ETI LKDGKR-
kI grocers' coupon books and other specialties bv
snmiile, to merchants; side lines ready sellers ■
good pay. MODEL MF'G CO.. Souib Bead, Ind. '
V EW AM) SECOND-HAND SIIOKH . Klto.M
-'-Li2scup:-men'« half soles, 40c 959 Howard st.
fflji TO H PER WKEk: 800 SUNNY KOOM's*
<Jp 1. large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third!
IpORTiiK HKSTAMi CI.V.AN K.ST 10c MEAL
I try 13^ (iiatil ave.: conew u specially. ;;.
'"\(H> MKNTO OKTA I'INIi MVLISHYDU"
UWV/ rablo calf shoe toorder,s2 50. 9jD Howard.
BA ItliEltS' ASSOCI Al lON OF CAU I MPLOY-
_ineat. I Sec.'y, P. C. Hamann, 2:!M' O'lairell.
r HAT CHKKR HOI'SE. 529 SACRAMENTO
»» st.: 200 rooms; he»t In the city; sln2lo room*
20 ana 26c a ul ht, *1 a week; meals lUc *
HELP WAXTED-Contlmifld.
|)ARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
1) female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed."
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
POSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
XX 20c to 50c night; »1 to 84 week; open all night.
"nr ANTED— M KCII a"N I CS, CLERKS, 1-ABOIT
« i ers tocall if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections: no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutler st.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant ave. S. FUCHS.
"ly ANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»T to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
• tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; lali
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per weelc
MEN TO BELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTKLL, San Mateo.
INCHEBTKR HOUSE. 44 Mi 1 HI) st.. NEAR
Market: 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: tree bus to and from the ferry.
]||AiIE.N TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 5 c
1 '" and 20c a night, including coSee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CIT — SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per nigh:-, 81, 91 25, f 1 60 p«r weei-
Paciric House .Con.merciai and Leidesdorff sts.
"\\r ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
" steam beer, 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S 1/2-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
i> inent. secretary. CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
: IJIKEK BEER-TWO BCHoovT:Tis"""Foit 5cT
X 1 also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay St.
WAXTED-SIXOLK ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
" week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st. .-.
riIKY ACME HOI SJ.jr<).">7 MARKET" ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
TUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RhJPAIR-
-1 O ing shoes; call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
I ntes, done while you wait: all repairing done by
' machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
I anteed. 562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
A(\(\ MEN'S SKCOND-H AN DKIJ SJIOES.SOME
1"" nearly new. -_ 5c lo S>) 25. 662 Mission ft.
AGKXTi WAJi.lil).
TNTELLIGENT, GOOD-APPEARING CAN-
JL- vasser for out of city; expenses paid; no sam-
ples: also salesman and collector; salary. Room
79. Flood building.
\ GENTS "WANTED TO CANVASS FOR GEX-
A eral Longstreet's memoirs, from Manassas to
Appomattox; the best selling book issued foryears;
apply bet. 9 and 12 a. m. J. A. lIOFMANN, gen-
eral agent, 120 Sutter st. _2ii£:
A GENTS WANTED— NEW NOVELTY. 719
J\- Market St., first floor. ■
I7<XPEKIKNCED LADY' AGK"NTS; XO OTH-
J ers need apply; big money. Call at once, 1020
Market St., Ist lioor. ' .
IjAIRST-CLASS SOLICITORS WANTED BY
-T the California Mutunl Benefit Society: ladies
and gentlemen: Hto9::-tO a.m. P. D. RAINE,
superintendent ofagents. Murphy building.
FUK.NITUHK WASTKD ~
PER^ENT'MORE
-^\- than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth »U
CA^H PRICE PAID FOR FURNI I URE. JA-
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
■i\- second-hand furniture and carpets by X.undy
Furniture Co.. HIS Mnrkot St.: call or send postal.
HOUSES WANTED.
IE A SE 6Ti ; 7I^U^I?EX^irAI?GETrTOR^A>rDi
2 SW. corner preferred. L., lOV2 Farren ave.
KOOIIS WASTED.
'vir'AXTED— r~OR 2 COMFORTABLE i^FUr"-
-»' nished rooms by a middle-aged gentleman
(German) and son of 18; please state particulars.
Address N. 0., box 67. Call Office.
I'KOI'EKTY WASTED.
W^^^T^D^bTJll^Ol^iT^LOT NEXfT^oT^G!
Park; must be cheap: state price and terms.
Address B. M. C 3a Belvedere st.
MIBCE-.-.ANKOPB. ■
I T\T ANTED— BA^'-^a'rRIA^^T^JOOD^COn'-
. *» dition; must be cheap. D., bo\ 89, this olKce.
VkT ANTED— TO RENT. LEASE OB WORK ON
| »" shares a ranch with stock or summer resort.
Apply F. J. S., 206 Ninth st.
IG HO HSKS • MUST WEIGH 1800 OR
over. BURNSTINE BROS., Fifth and Bluxome.
WA NTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
»» repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUS.S, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
: O elrv to A. KI.KI.V. 109 sixth st-: send postaL
CLAI KVOY AX Is.
TjEm;cKl7^soc— sT. re7TuckT>^si^s6g
I It THE WORLD'S CELEBRATED
CLAIRVOYANT A MIST MEDIUM,
PROF. LEON, gives advice on business, specula-
tion, love, marr:age, divorce, etc.: tells of your
friends aud enemies: interprets dreams; removes
evil influences: call and be convinced; hours, 9 to 8
dally; also Sunday. PROF. LEoN, 533 Post st.
KOP. ZANZIC, OCCULT SCIENTIST,
palmist. 303 Mason St.; sittings 50c; attend the
entertainment Golden Gate Hall, February 25.
•QTABLIGHT" IS LOCATED T 116AGRANT
O ave.. parlor 5 ; ollice hours, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.
ME. i>R. THOMAS, SCI K NT I FICREVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future: consultations on all affairs; liOth.
ing excepted; names given: good advice; snr«
: uelp: restores lost love, by sympathy; mistake im-
poasible; fee $i; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr. Larkiu.
AU TA LEOLA. FORTUNE TE LLKK:
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husbund; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc. has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 23J6 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
A I ME. POKTEK, CARD- BEADBR; TELLS
-i-'X past, present, future; ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, SI 50. 126 Turk, nr. Jones.
A I ME. RAVENA SI I S DAILY; SURE TIPS
l'X on races: names given; 25c up. 828 H Oward.
MM K. MOREAU7BESf"MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present fnture;2sc up.764 Howard ttt,
1 ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
i'J the \vorld ; 50c and $1 will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
Vl KS. B. BAUMAN, TIIE RENOWNED
i-'J- medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
Tj ME. STEWA RT7"CH MEDIUM; THE
-I'l greatest card ' reader and clairvoyaut In the
world; seventh daughter of seventh daughter;
Indies or gents 50c 917 .Market . parlors 3 and 4.
SPIRITUALISM.
rpO-NIGHT — KA'IE HEUSSMAXN'S, DRS.
X Clarke and MuehlenbrucK. 793 Stevenson st..
off Ninth; 10c. . ■ .;-.,.v c .-V
rriEST CIRCLE TO-XIGHT, 10c. MME. YOUNG,
X 605 McAllister st. ; sceptics Invited. •
MBS. C- CORNELIUS. BUSINESS TRANCE
HX medium; developing clr.Thurs. evg. 1035 Mkt.
TO-DAY AT2O'CLOCK; MRS.MAYO-STEERS;
X lailies only; readings daily. 101 Grove st.
MP.S. FULTON; MATERIALIZING SEANCE
■L'l to-night; sittings daily. 31 Fell st.
YPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
VJ days Included) ; 26c. 946Mi«ion; hourslO to9.
TVJRs. SEAL, MEDIUM : TINGS; TOBACCO
-LIJ. habit cured or no pay; obsessions cured; dis-
eases of women cured; hrs. lo to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8.
MRS. J. J. W H ITN EY , CLAIRVOYANT
■LU tr.nce medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton su
-— —
HVP.NOTIsJI.
Y?N^T7sirxrß^3i^s^rEK7s^r^n?a^
Four (4) different methods taught in four
weeks' time. A rare chance for physicians, stu-
dents of science or those interested in it's therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases <;ui be
relieved if not cured. None taught hut those fur-
nis!iing first-class reference or recommendations
Correspondence solicited. Address J. WIRT CUM-
MINS. Ph. G.. Oakland Call office. "
— — HORSES. \
SUNSET UORSe"m^UuTe^l^2Vv^LENCiX^
0 Horses, mules, wagout", tarts, buggies and har-
ness on hand.
INK SOUND HORSK; HARNESS, ALMOST
X new; li;;ht delivery-wagon; cheap. 239 j-Mf-
teenth St.. near Mission. '
"1 ST-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
Xand feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
1 bETS NEW AND BECOND-HAND HAB7
X t»U ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
OKSES PASTURED; .$2 A MONTH- GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hj-d«
ranch, 630 Commercial s;. >n "
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY
Keon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 city Hall ave. : 'telephone south 401
40 11ORSK6 FCK BALE: ALSO WAUOvV"
Market, S<!< Sixth St.; auction sales every Ww'ue*
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Aucjopeeri!!-
_^__i_^__ii€_i
1 V-> klntU: "Pcon^l-liand wagons, bueev cmrL«-
-!^ 2 .Ol^D_horses._J2i^en:ii^d V^ncUwV
AwfkKLYCaV\ S , FOH 5 t'-NTS-THK
_ »- »\ 1-.EKLI CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
____^ STOKAOK
A^^P^ 3 * Fl KXI ' r "6ai"'i__T"i_i_^
xv^ket: storage ai lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 3. •
•'V H. BOOXY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE Vl'
1 -reduced riU es: bMemenl stontg e .sl 50 per load
CTOBAUE OF FU"rNITU RK.« PIANOS 1 u-
-OK. F. OSBORX co.. 751 and 763 Market si -
S\ ( AOE ( Ol '' FUU - VIfrURK PIANOS, HOUSE-
o hoidKootiM. etc. .1. m. 1-ikiick, :.; 5 Market st.
ViriLSON HJtOTilKl'.s. 1710 MARKET-
Storage; low rates; telephone South 762.
ATTOKXKYS-AT-I.A W. ~~"
\ I'Vick i-Ki.i.. DIVORCE !,.\\v 9*A SPBCJ
«. alty; private: no chur-e unless socoesafnl ■ _ll
i«w suns, claims, col ectlons, wills,, deeds e- ■' " a
tende^.o^ G. W] BOWK, n:t y- 5:,, ) ".M, I rk"
rp J. MURRAY. AT>Y AND Co"unSKl6 RAT
1 . law. advice frte. 24 Sixth m.. rooms 1 4. 15.
WW I)AVI|.MON,ATTOKNKY-ATLAW4_O
• faiitwau si., nus. li-lft; aUyice iresT
PKRSONAI.S.
PAWB-FIXIKO OUB W^gAJSJ-OgSS
it in- new edge on raz.or, 2-c; ra or c < < c^ p '^
50c: razor boning and Mttlng. 36c :, at th€ Razor
Exchange, 630 Market st.: nrst-dass worlr.
T"OVE'S DANCING-SCHOOL, 62 f BUSH
L ballroom or stage, daily; Tueaday and lhuis-
day evenings. ,
I>E-PKCTABLK YOUNG. LADY WISHES
Xi roommate. It. M.. box 76, Call.
\\'III GIVE PRIVATE LESSONS ON THE
bicycle to i..di-s or gentlemen on your own
bicycle. A. P., box 76, Call. ■ - - _____
r>EMOVAL— i MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
Ji O'Firreli. Telephone. Bush 21.
fTIHOHK NECESSARY ADJUNCTS TO A
1 woman's to let, switches, may be had atG. LED-
EBEB'a hair dressing parlors. 11l -tocK.on St.,
at reduced rates now: 7.>c and f\ «IJl.bu> the
best; artistic hair dressing reinic o .v. ■
R" AGCAKPETS \\ uVI-.T.Mu.i-....,- • SALE;
also chenille-wove portterj s ; "■■>■--
er in carpet twine in bant or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
(_. I \ KOOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THJO
«U> I floor. 206 Leaven worth s .
PHYSICIAN \VAITrS TO TRAVEL WITH
1 patent medicine or other business. P., box 14,
Call.
ÜBa DR. SETA BRUXDAGE, IROl'O-
dist: lost vitality restored. Ollice 11, M 3
Kearny st. ,
I* E E-SM> PAOE BOOK, -sIG 1 1 I >. »'KR K k« l
P and Defective," postpaid. I- Kll rNBttACO.,
Opticians, 1644 MarKei at., Hotel St. Mcholas.S. t.
■\Trs7drTa7sykes. beauty doctor.
31 taken offices at 330 Ellis St.; btearniug and
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
I>i:ofi-.ssioNAL LADY'S NUBSK— MBS, MO-
X CARTHY; city or country. Sutter s'.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A St'E-
cialty; private: no charge unless successful; an
law suits, claims, collections, wills, fields, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
MBS. M. H. OBEB, HEADQUARTERS OK
Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout rigu es.
Sole agent for Equipoise Wnists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions;
sena for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and paiifting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanging Company, 635 McAllisters^
EGYPTIAN HENNA; $1: IB DYE; PER-
fectly harmless; easily applied; all druggists.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., agents. s. F.
C«-| FOR 10 CENTS - CLOAKS, JACKETS,
tjP-1- capes, sold at 10c on the dollar in the base-
ment of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 48 Geary st.
cor. Grant ave.
A DDRESSED TO TnOSE WHO WANT TO
_v become rich— lnvest your money in Sto<kton
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
S5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
JIOFER, 1706 Clay st., B. F.
mELEPHONE OYSTER COMPANY", 1443
X Polk, sells high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter loaves: delivery to 12 p. m.
l/OB FINE .POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
X 1 HTRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
PAKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evenin?
classes: instructors, J. 11. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partlngton,R.L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pinest
DR. E. BOBBINS, THE CELEBRATED PHY-
sician, has removed fm 8 Mason to 1508 Market
E.VRY HUFSCHMIDT. PLUMBEK AND
gasfltter gas fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate ave.: telephone Sutter 471.
EAROHING.LOCATINO.SIIADOWINO.TRA-
cing,coIIecting.GRAHAM'Sagncy,632Mrkt,r.B.
I f\l\l\ BUSINESS CARDS, $1 f-i>: 1 ELK-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." H lLL. 22 Geary, r. 39
OURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPBB;
XJ instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant ave. and Sutter st.
QECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
O .showcases, courfters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN. 1017, 1019,
1021, 10^'3 Mission St., above M.xtli.
"yLECTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-WIN.
Sli Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 lo ftiper
week: tree Ims la and from the ferrv. _^
Lliii^lVAi. A UV ANCfc-S ON DIAMONDS, JKW-
-J elrv. etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st.
LI) BUILDINGS BOUGHT "AN BOLD:
store n.xtnres, doors, windows, lumber, pip*
ftc. : cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factor?.' 20 Sansonr* St.. upstair*.
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS AND LADIEi 1
' ' clothing bough-.. COI.MA.N*. 41 Third h;.
UKt.SSJIAKKK>.
POT G MEA "it Y "ST.— STyTiSiY SILk" ISTs7
«J — X goodsf urnlshed. *4 50 up: latest dre^s.s $5.
tli It. TIuiSA-..
Qi^N^HT^Fß^fcHT-ScTppBSFT* I
O IpDe's Acadamy of Languages. 320 Post st. ;
established 1871.
UITAR, MANDOLIN. PIANO ASD V()C\L
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTH 39 Fifth.
"VfRS. MELVILLE SNYDEB. SIUDIO 520
X»X Sutter St.; teacher vocal music (Italian m«'(li-
od), pi-ino and elocution; dramatic elocution a spe-
cialty; vocal and Shakespearean classes.
N I ) I VIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 rket.
TUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVEB-
O sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
i/KLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
1) Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, TJaMkt.
"irioLiN. MANDOLIN, GLII'A " CORNE
V taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary :rpn»onabl'»
PaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN: MODERATE.
C?Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
]VIGHTSCHOOL;UEALD'SBUS. COLLEGE
i-i Post:<-ommercial, shorthand. English: low ra'ei
■\7"IOLIX, MANDOLIN, CELLO. 3ANJO; BEA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 10451/2 Valencia.
CIHEMISTKY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
yj ham's Schooi, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
piANO LESSONS: CLASSICAL COURSE AND
L simple music taught; accompanists taught:
lessons 50c. Call 9t012 a. m.. SO Xinth st.
JOSEPH GKE'VenT" VOICE IMPROVER. H2
Ninth st.
A JISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
-I'X mento— Board. English, French, German,
piano: $30 month; kindergarten under new man-
agement: coach.
NGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, EXG-
lisn literature a specialty. MISS BOULSTON,
724 O'Farrell st.
\? LOC ' TION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI-
XJ cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE lIOFF
SCHRoKIH-R. 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. m.
A *'EtK s NEWS FOB 5 CENTS— THIS
-A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
m_:_»ica_,.
ALL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
anytime: travelers helped at once; home in con-
finenie 1: French pills guaranteed : consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
SSINGTO LADIES iM-.lii.N.. i-iluJl
female troubles peculiar to their sexes: our
treatment never fails to cure a single case: bewara
of frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. 14
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank; consult
DR. and MRs. DAVIKS; home in confinement:
French Female Plok Pills.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU
ments or worthless pills useu; ever.- woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter trom what cause: restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sur- call on men'l
physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny St.
I ADIES— CHICHKSTKR'S KNCLISH . PEN-
JJ ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable: take no other; sendee, stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladles," In letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa.
ECZEMA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
grown on i>Hld heads, and other chronic dtaeasi -t
treatedat 1207 Market St., rs. -A3 ;German spoken.
lADIEB. CONSULT FKI-.E MRS. I>K. SCOTT.
J 216 Lowell st.: only qiißlitied specialist; $SI*J
for case I fail to cure; dlseasrsof the eye trtati i
A HOME, A FRIEND ANIiM.'TII CARS;
housekeeping apartments: strictly prlrate.
MRs. DR. FUNKE, 141<5 Eighth at., Alanieda.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS- A BOON TO
_\ ladies troubled with irre^u art ties: no danger;
safe und sure; S- 50 expressCO. I).; don't dtlay
until too late. OSGOO|> BKOS., Oakland. Cal.
RS. AND DR. lIEKWIU, i'KIVATiS CON-'
linement home: good care aud attendance;
prices reasonable. 710 Ellis s;.
I \l( 11,, 1.1. . 14 iUAl.Lisl ER"- i'REET, NKAH
Jo ties. Diseases ot women and children.
I KsTTiOOinVIX MAKES A SPECIALTY ■>!•'"
L) diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
chanre; separata t:ome for patients: be.-,t skill;
medical attendauco; low lets; regulator, $2.
1370 Market.
I ADIF-S -DAUDKT FEMALE REQULA
Jj titig Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis su,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
i SURE CUBE FOR ALL FKMAI.K PIS-"
t-ases, from whatever causa; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. gvvykr. 22tt Turk st.
TTRSrDR. WKi.KNKI;: PRIVATE HOME IN
i>» confinement; Irregularities cured in a fevr
boors without operatic-; pills 419Rrtdvst.
ITmjTkkgular on ANY 1-KMALE DISEASB
•ee Mrs. Dr. Pnf and be content. \loiV? 4th.
■ ■' BIOXOUES. '
«TINDBOR BICVCLES; BTBICTLY HIGH
'» grade; no tamping: all lathe work; cones
and caps fully guaranteed lor 2 years. a. L. BAN-
CROFT >fc Ci>.. 324 Po • St.. S. F. 1
PARK CYCLKRY— NEW WHEELS'TO LET;
J b*st accommodations. Ternainiu Usaxy, i_S»
AllliterttiidPowcUsu car uues.WOTIMsBW rHASrux.
Q'S'SO CO(tXER BRAN CH U\l?FrpY^C(Tx"
S4OO nf A^ U °* N ' WWEHOCSK: 2 DOORS
700 , H rAr , RAXTTN vTciNITY OF 3
ftH'^iS EA TEST, BEST-PAYING REsT
«e»Te n Crth .°J Mnrket st - : easil >- "">••
Ca" 32 Market si Blckness - STBSTBBaO &
t Ei?G (^u.r^2 M^r^
52500 ° N ACCOUNT LARGE AND IN-
WH^r ' c eaaln ? business, young trerclraut
wan.s partner ln wholesale and r&Ail iish and ovs-
kuown market in city; controls large and well-
i£*l T^l ln cit ?! controls large lirst-class
.T«*i»a t * b " !lll * d si) years: niust na™ iT-
t «fifn OO f moDtblV; beStOf refer nces: full Invt^
KFiVr- i; onu: e for 80me actlve man. BTEN-
. hh "'» A CO.. 632 Market st.
P O _ B Y .""SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
x o£any_kin d see STRAND .v CO.. 45 Third st.
ftf)o i U:SCH S|AN GOOD LOCATION;
seian^. st ran p<t p.. 5 rhlrast. ure ' cause of
ftl7r> BUA -NCU BAKERY: 3 ROOMS;
V^_^^_bargain. STRAND «t CO. 45 Third st.
SB(M OI D EST ABLISHED BAKERY AND
IY-ri * coftee parlor across the bay; clears
■uu , pe^ montli: '-' norses anJ wagons: good out-
'^^^RA'ND l^^^^ s r rtaCr f ° f
ft4fSo OCERY AND BAB : ON OF THE
lar^=.^.'i, beS n° ornprs lu ln< cltv: P ood business:
r^«« to^ k • sell "ie on account of other business:
reasonable rent. See STRAND A CO., 45 Third
S4")() RESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION;
htmHc« 1 °i "* steady, prolitable bnsiness;
«^.m m *V I!lt " <1 up: wortu double; selling on
account ot departure. STRAND A CO., 45 Thirn st.
S'>(|( }() SALOON: HANDSOME fLACE;
,V,r . * . nt-!lr M: " : st.: paying business;
lull value: cheap rant. STRAND A 0., 45 Third!
<••-,, S A LO ° *" AND ; BOARDIN.i-lK.rsE
KHJ\J. ea F 31aiI dock: cheap rent; Rood place
for man and wife. STRAND A CO.. 45 Third
S*>7 "1 N A LOON MEN, ATTENTION -
r'» » 'iv, SaIOOU - No - 1 location: pavs well; cheap
r< "' >TRa N I) A CO., 45 Third St.
.X 'i r -\tU\ VSTEK-UOUiSE AND RESTAU-
- ( ' uvvr - rant; doing a business of $75 to $100
per dr.y ; must be sold at once on accoont of other
business. BUSINESS EXCHANGE, 873^ Market
ft'^ooo ELEGANTLY FITTKD-UP KE^
h~. T,,Y« ; taurant; b«»t location in city: doins; a
wws"vV", IP i; I<> -- V: ;u!1 value in sight-
BI SINEtW KXCHANGE, Mi-.rket st.
ftHOO UODTE J ESTABLISHED OVER 2
■..A"-in,i'/*' ars: v, has ull cash customers: koo<l
a irTni»h? wagon; business worth $600; clears $100
fr^l h:canbe slly doubled; mnsl sell at once:
trml given before buying. STANLEY, fl Geary.
S 1 f)0 LI GrtT BUSINESS; RUN BY S LME
~Y • P*°JBj e "- ye»rs: cash trade: easU. man-
a^ed; clears $20 week; suitable for two ladies
« a an^ wl a d«cide<i bargain; must be sold
l oncf. STANLEY, 9 Geary st.
.^4OO PARTNER WANTED IN FIRST-
„ >\j. clus cpsh mannfactnring busi es6:
Kept by present owner 12 yeers; la highly genteel;
i.iu tbe patronaee of tiie beat mercantile booses:
wears $ r 0 to $25 r>er wees each; a trial allowed.
Apply KENNY .765 Market st.
<£'-^fl KESTAUHANT, SEAB CARHOUSE
%. tujy. and raiiroad junction: receipts over .9.5
a_°ayj a bargain. JOHNSTON, 26V3 Kearuy.
"I^EST PAYING CIGAR-STOKE ON KEARNY
XJ .-t. JOHNSTON, 26 Va Kearny st.
><')"(» PARTNER WANTED: V.BLISH-
'. — '>\>. <"d business: co<h! for $100 per month;
t>e increased. JOHNSTON A '-"■_• Kearny.
Sj^^A SALOON, WITH 18 GOOD FURNISH-
'„ «/OV. ed rooms: rent $60; one block trom
;V a f, Ket s '-= eoo.i paying place. Particulars 533
California st., Pho-nix Bar.
Clhf) BRANCH BAKKRY AND CANDY-
SP 1 -s^ v/ ' Wore; laundry office:2 furnished rooms:
rent $14. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Mnrket st.
■V-OTICE - TO: SELL YOUR BCSIN
X> promptly for cash. HEALY A CO.. 23Keamy.
«<CAA DO WNTO WN COMMISSi ON-HOCSE
'&kj\jkj. do:ng alarg business: line ance for
an active mac; owner will remain until trade is
fully secured. HE ALY A CO., 23 Kearsiy st.
ss.'l'wi PARTNKU IN COFFEE AND
<U 1 <J\J. liquor ro;:te; clears to each $60 per
month- lnvestic.':,-. "H EALY A CO.. 23 Kearny.
<«>".A r A RTNER W NTED I N : LIG HT
*-,—*/'.'• bt ' slne!iS : will pay $05 month to each.
LLVER A COLTON. 906 Marker st.
Sk11(mI SA M PLE-KO()>f"f 'n~v'ek Y~*BEsf
«nXJ.UU. locatl. on Market st.: iixtures nni
stock worth me monpv; owner sick in bed. In-
quire 633 California -•.. Pha-nix bar.
<Hlil SAL( ION : CHOICEST . LOCATION :
*- IU V« gooa payinsr; low ren:; fixtures wtirth
the mon . Call 533 California >t.. Phcenix har.
Q 9(1 A PA RTNER WANTED IN,BtJTCHEH-
nr _ i'\J. shop n Mission; owner kept place 35
years; rare opportunity. Ca!l 533 California sU,
rbipnix bar.
Ql^() PAKTNEUWANTKD IN RESTAU-
•- -»<-'"• rant and cofi'ee-hcoie; local close to
Market St.; doins good business. Call 533 Califor-
nia st.. Phoenix Bar.
"OTEADY MAN WANTED TAKE CHARGE
0 of a laundry route: small capital rf-c;uired.
PROLL A LLOYD, 719 Market St.
EF.STAURANT AND OYSTEB-HOUSE FOR
1^ ■ sale, near new City Hall and .l..ue> st.; good
business and money-makine place ior sober in-
dustrious man: cos over $400, but will bell for
b*st offer, cither for cash, exchange for lots cron
installments. Apply L. OtSTERREICHER, 880
Market st.
Af)(\ HAY, GRAIN, WOOD AN D COAL
tW. business; stock, fixtures, horses, \\ag-
ons, etc.; rent $15; good business strett: Bnecor-
ner: QSt be sold before March 1: sickness cause
selling. J. B. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
. iERMAN HOTEL WITH 35 ROOMS 1 N "a
' *" central locality: must be sold immediately;
circumstances requiring it. Inquire at MAX
ROKMKR, 146b Tehama st.
THIRST-CLASS I PHOLSI EKER AND DRA-
X pery man can h;tv-- a chance to sret '-s-abiished
in business: doing good custom work. J. D., box
116, Ca I Office.
OBLKHKD BUSINESS in NEW
and second-hand line for sale; satisfactory rea-
sous given. 157 Third st.
Q9^fj OLl> - ESTABLMHEb SALOON;
"■ —•' cood stock; tine lixtures: positive bar-
gain, 1026 Larkin st.
GOOD PA YINcTbUSIXeTjS: SMALL CAPI-
'* a: no experience necessarv. 15 Monscom-
ery ave.
Q7X BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
Jtt • ''' notion store; grtat bargain ; must besold.
]'l-4 leaven worth.
/">OOD PAYING SALOON WITH 10 FUR-
VJ nlshed rooms for sale, cheap; on account of
leaving the city. tn inire at 624 Sacramento st.
p ROCER V AND ISA] GOOD LOCALITY";
*J> mus: he sold on account of leaving the citv.
Hickory ave. and Buchanan st.
p IFT-niGAR-STORE ASH CLURROOM ON
VT Kearny st; receipts $12 per day; no agents.
Apply this ■ flice.
BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS-STORE;
furnished rooms; no agents. 449 Guerrero st.
pESTAURANT AT A GREAT BARGAIN.
-« 1 Address Call, box R, Alameda. ..
I.) R W< H BAKKRY. NOTION AND CANDY
J-J store; opposite a school. Apply 1124 Page st.
ARGE HASEiIE.VT, VAHIi AND STABLE,
X J for wood and coal yard. ■ 935 SbotweU it.
"l/XPERIENCED. MINER with $)iooo IN
Xj cash for interest in mine; worth Investigating.
Address Investment, box 69, Call Oflice.
IRST-CLABS SALOON CHEAP; FINE CASH
register: safe: private rooms; cause ot sale,
sickness. 209 Ellis.
AIRY PRODUCE STORE FOR SALE
cheap: good location: mast sell; cause, de.
parture for Europe. • Apply Call Oflice.
5.9-A SfoCK |OF POULTRY. RANCH ON
V7-.''V/. car line, near i'ruitvale. 34 Donohoe
building. '
&9= f\ WANTED — PARTNER IN OLD-
«3).i'»Jv/. established corner saloon to tend the
bar: first-class location; fixtures, pool-table, trale,
board and lodging included: $65 guaranteed a
month; must be a sober, earnest man"; the owner
is an industrious ludy. See owner at 1324 Mason.
rjr.||AA FOR SALE: THE CONTROLLING
tJt) II UU. interest in a well eojllpped and pay-
ii j? quartz mine now in active operation in Amador
County. California: title perfect and full Investiga-
tion allowed. Address .Bonanza, box 98, Call
Otlic«, San Francisco.
QQ'fl CORNER OROCKRY BAR; TRANS-
iSOO\J. fer; pleasant living rooms. Apply
Call Office. .
T^OR SALE— VERY CHKAP FOR CASH,
P steam laundry : doins f 300 per week. Address
M. L.. box 234, Call OtHce. ■
DKSTAUHAXT AND BAKERY; OWNER HAS
other business: can't attend to It. 917 Mission.
Q-Ojlf) PARTNER, CASHIER IN COFFEE
'. —''"-'. saloon: can make $75 a month. Genu-
Ute, box 85, Call OOice.
VI ERRY-GO-ROUND FOR SALE — STEAM
i'J- power, nearly new; very lart;e, for $1600, or
$900 for half interest: cost $3590; investigate this
opportunity, ti. M. ROGERS, 631 South Main at.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
\\ ANTED— AN ALL-AROUND LAUNDRY-
•I man who can buy a quarter or half interest in
a steam laundry at Sonora, Tuolumno County, one
of the best ii.'luini: , counties in the State;, the
laundry is connected with the lcadiu- hotel of • the
place. For further particulars, .address P. M.. :
KEEFFB, City Hotel, Sonora, Tuolumne County,
Cai. ....■
UOB SALE-FRUIT AND VEGETABLE BUSI-
X neg» store at 335 Sixth st." .
V'vAA PAYING CORNER .SALOON- WILL
'3OUU. take sober man partner. ' 633 Howard.
(I ACRES WITH $1900 NOTE TO TRADE.
•' A. KHE APE, Pulaskl st. ■•
1> H A NCH " BAKERY. SUITABLE FOR DELI-
XJ cacles and laundry ofllce; cheap. 317y s O'Far-
'•QH st.
] Restaurant— in good location and
- 1 *- business: $200. Apply at Call Office.
— ?. Csryigs S CHASCKS-Continnert.
■ft I^oo , t?ROCKRY AND BAR AND FlX-
s!,t? \ ture f' horse and ""Son, Including
outside cash Ir ade , : recel Dts $25 a day: present
A R«n v O;^^ slnC!i uire NABER.ALFS
<k BKl.\ r , 323 Market st. ; - < i
NTED — PARTNER IN COHNER SA-
,'V??" l " m »^e himself useful behind the bar and
1324 mSo" P rHS! ; ?2 °° Cai)ital reqU ' rea - Apl>1 V
.^4^o Rt -STAURANT-IN GOOD - RUN-
qul7e Cnu'o^. 0^" everytlliu complete. In-
-55700 .' VIIjL BUY EXCLUSIVE AGENCY
tj} 1 \J\J for the Pacific Coast for 10 years: busi-
ness established; good-selling article; fullest in-
vestlgation solicited. Address W. li., box 71, Call.
Httft'^O, .CIGAR-STORE, WITH CLUUKOOM
yMdr\l!_? J office. C box 108, Call.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE. TELEG RA"PH
x Hill district, covers 18 blocks: can be bought
Chi ap, and chances tor increase are very good.
Apply this oftice, principals only. '
Q^vAA 22 ROOMS; NE\V 7 CORNER HOUSE;
ipO\J\J. all full: low rent. 712 Kearny st.
VOR SALE— OLD ESTABLISHED GENERAL
X merchandise store in the SaD Joaquin Valley:
$12,000 stock; will sell at sacrifice; easy terms.
Address CHARLES POWELL, lock box 255.
Lodi, Cal.
OR SALE— A FRENCH LIQUOR-STORE ON
one of the best corners on Sixth strcH at asac-
rili..-. Inquire of K. RolilNET. California st.
I-OUGIXti-HOUSI2S FOIi SALE.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE ALL THE
*i time. CULVER & COLTON, 906 Market st.
rpO BUY OU SELL, A LODGiNO-fIOUBIS
X quick for cash see <;US STRAND 45 Third St.
CORN ER HOUSE: 11 ROOMS; WELL FUR-
\J nished: price $250. STRAND, 45 Third st.
1 A-KOOM HOUSE. NEWLY FURNISHED;
XU will sacrifice, cheap. 202% Turk st.
C?9XA NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE OF
— «JU. 10 rooms: nearMarket st. BUSINESS
EXCUA.NGK, 873Vb Market st.
-/\ A ROOMING-HOUSE WITH TWELVE
♦4D«JU. rooms furnished; must be sold on account
of sickness. SO2 Second st.
QAQ FOURTH NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT-
O"Oedi room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MARTINI. 317 Washington st.
CiTHH ON ACCOUNT OTHER bu-iness;
»j7 Illil, 45 rooms; clearing $100 per month;
S 5OO oash, balance Installments. 115 Second st.
l'uicNn ui;i: fok salk.
OO- ure of 7 100ms: a bargain: no dealers.
IMJB SALE— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW 7-ROOM
X I flat; well furnished. Apply 112 Golden Gateave.
'A ROOMS Fl HNin J NF.W.....r.".7 $75
*t iiedlourifres trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
Encllsh Linoleum, laid 4Cc up
Window shades In s colors 25c up
SHIREK »v SHIREK. 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue; no brancii stores.
O^E MORE CUT— ~~
" " Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Moves und Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We kt'pp everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN.
1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth.
H<.. KRASKY. FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding;; new folding-beds, and up: step-la<l-
ders, 20c pr s'ep; iurnlture exchged. 779 Mission st.
EDUCTIONS ON LARGE (STOCK, NEW AND
Xt second-hand: 400 carpeta, good as new. ol!- I
cloth, 25c; parlor suits. $19 up: linoleum, 45c; I-
! piece chamber, suits, fa 50: cornice poles, 25c:
ranges, $6; ca.«h or installments; cooJa shippei
lrne. T. K. NELSON. 126 Fourth St. _^
CAKPfcI OLiiANiXU.
CIM SI EAM I ARPeVi LEANING.RENOV \-
yj tin?, 38 Bth. STEVENS, ni^r. 'IVI. South 250.
CARPETS CLKANED AND RENOVATED
V like new. FERGUSON <fc CO., 23 Tenth- t»I.
South 36. P. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
O . 34tli St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RBN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
V MON AL CARPET BE ATI NO AND RENO-
IX vating Works HAMPTON &BAILLY : layin?
snc< . terlne. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 24 1.
U' K.\ YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH"
'* poor work send to SPA ULDING PioneerOar-
jei lieatins: Works. 553-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
I 1 >ON K LIN S CARPET SKATING WORKa. aj S
* ' '^oldi'n Gate ave. : tclephoni? esar. 26.
PIANOS. »iOl.j>>, iiTf.
C T i: 1 N W A Y: »165;" WEB E , *380; "sMALL
O upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
<£Al\ BARGAIN; FINE PIANO: GOOD
iJPTtU. condition. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.,
next. Hlbernia Bank.
QoTfMER PIANO, ALMOST NEW, CHEAP.
O Apply 134 Erie s:., below Howard.
f ADY l>r sT:LL STKINWAV AND OF-
-\-i fers it at an exceedingly low price. Apply at
SO9 Market St.. rooi 121.
C1 HOICK chTckering BACKIFCED BY
\J party leaving the city. 809 Market st.. room 21.
9C .SECON D-KAN D~ PIANOS AT FROM $75
j —«J up; good instruments, all of them: sm;il! in-
Btallmenta. A. L. BANCUOFT & CO., 324 Post
bt.. San Francisco.
Ha s 1 BRO.S. PIANO: WITHOUT A SUPE-
rlor; we vnc comparison: prices moderate.
A. L. BANCROFT <t C< > 324 Post st. S. F.
,\ SPECIAL B ALE OF PIANOH. chka pfor
- V 1 ash, this week at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
pOM E IK AND "HEAR THE LATEST
\J novelty— the Ossian attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one vurv sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it •
beautiful effect. .1. T. BOWERS A SON. sole
agents, 23 and 26 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.'
Ltpright anoAT A BARGAIN; USED
1 only 2 months. 1234 Bush st.
QQA CHICKERING ROSEWOOD PIANO-
tSU\J. os: $500; $51nstallnus. 221 Leaveuworth
A MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
-"- at once 1623 Buchanan.
A SIIAW, $425; 2 STEINWAYS. 8215, $195;-
Sommer, $237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
piANOS — - ' •. :
X Hazelton, Ilemme and Loner, Brown and
Simpson : easy terms. 735 Market st.
OA /\f)A SIIKET MUBIC 1 CT. COPY. STAT-
±jyj.yj\)\) HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister st.
OOD PIANOS CHEAP, CHEAP PIANOS
good, at MAUVAIs', 769 Market Bt.
AINBS BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PRE I : B-
ence; also renowned Bnsn A Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 824 Post St.
PONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 33s Post st.
pHICKEKING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, STER-
V/' ling pianos: see our n-w piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BKNJ. CURI AZ <t SON, 16 O'i'arre'.i.
\VM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
'» rell, room 1, Mr-it floor; take elevmor; pianos
i.nd organs sold for cash or ins'allments.
8 • OUR NEW RENT . CONTRACT PLAN
for Belllne pianos has met with gTeat success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantcge of if please call and
have It explained. SHERMAN, CLAY <& CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
(Dj 17s CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
C < O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
r\EOKER BROS., STEINWA Y.FISCHER AND
X-/ other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap, for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER «fc
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'FarreU si. ..:
EASY TERMS;-LOW PRICES. " KOHLER &
CHASE. • , -
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
UPKRIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD NEW
H. MTJLLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTEINWaY, $215: WEBER, BOMER,
lO $237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE. 410 Post st. ■__
ARRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
grade T. L. Neumann piauos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. 11. LUEDKRS, aj
Ninth st.
PKN FOK BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and salt
iu San Francisco. - J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market St.. Spreclcels building.
.FOII SALK— aiI&UJ^LXAMfeOUS.'
lmiVED^2 F^ETTir^TjoWs! LARG
milkers: sell or exchange for dry cows. 1312
Folsom st. ;.
NGLISH CHRONOMETER WATCH. 18-K.:
none finer; must sell. 1073V Market St., near
Seventh, room 7. -
(fc9^A «'-OOP YACHT; 11x27. APPLY
tJr4O\J. 1548 Park st., Alameda.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's prolit ; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. Mission.
YEW INCUBATOR, 120 EGGS, $12 50;
1 i-i Brown Leghorn hens and Guinea -fowls, 81
I each. Address 2029 San Antonio ave., Alameda.
IJOYS'AND GIRLS', NEW $25 BICYCLES
13 for $10 each. W., bov 48, this ofllce.
B~ ODKS AT- GREATLY REDUCED PRICEa
KIN(''S old bookßtore, 15 Fourth st. -
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market s;.
ELLOWS ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
small steam boiler and engluc. 631 Howard at.
AA SECOND-HAND CARPETS," ALL SIZES
O^XJyJ and ■- iirices from' '25c per yord up J
NOONAN, 1017 , to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
r^IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER-
T press, platform scales and desk;cheap. 102 Clay.:
V EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1> hand. W.S.BAY Mfg Co.. 12 California su:-
f\ OUNT JEKB, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
* J bought and «old , 1121 '/„ Market bet. 7th »nrtB;tt
iSUILX>IKU,ANI> LOAN ASSOCIATION.
/ 'ONTINENTAI, BUILDING AND LOAN A«'
\J soc ion— Home office, 222 ' Sansome st., S F,
General vinga & loan business.' Ed K. Hill, Pnta.
Oliver iaUndse V.Pr.; W Corbin, Sec.it Geu. wi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1896.
__ HOr«ES TO LET.
7117 JONES 4 SUNNY ROOKS;
1A OQ liLSH . NEAR POLK — HOUSE 6
j:\JO rooms, bath. •Inquire at 1407 Bush st.
MODERN HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS, BESTDES
kitchen, wine-cellar, storeroom, etc.: garden
front and rear; sun all day; location sheltered;
superb marine view; 10 minutes' walk to center of
city; convenient to cars: don't fail to inspect this
house before mtfklng a selection: rent reasonable.
P. J. KENNEDY, 11 Montgomery st. ..
It 1 9 r^fi 'IOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; BATH;
1 . Q\.f . i ar g e yard. 1017 Twenty-first st.
9"! 1 GEARY— HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS AND
— .J bath; rent reasonable: key at 217V3-
-e?Q9 A HOUSE- 8 ROOMS. BATH: MOD-
V^O— i.Q\J. ern. 1723 Clay, near Van Ness ave.
CHEAPEST HOUSE IN CITY; 8 ROOMS;
bath; modern, $20. 534y 3 Valencia st., near
Seventeenth.
OUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BASEMENT. 17
Linden ave., near Van Ness. ■
1 OQfi MISSION— SUNN Y SIDE BAY-WIN-
X\JO\J dow house of 10 rooms.
<B*QA 8 roomsTmodern convenience*;
<£O\J. tine neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant ave
71 AND 73 SHIPLEY ST.— 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
I 1 $12. - ■
(J»1O ELEVENTH AVE., cor r. r. AVE.;
*35x0. 10 rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 534J/ 2
California st. . ,
BABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN &
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery s;
FUKNISH£D HOUSKS.
"I7UIRNISHED HOUSK, 6 ROOMS, BATH:
X rent $30 -.very reasonable: 10 Octavia: key at
grocery corner Haight and Octavia.' Apply 135
Kearny st.
COTTAGKS TO LKT.
0 nice'Bl^a3T"c^?ta^i2sT^ii ; to
U good tenants. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
u> 1 A COT'IAGE OF FOUR ROOMS AND
'P-L"i« bath. 1831 Union, near Laguna st.
SUNNY COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH,
gas. 1119 Vallejo st., near Leavenworth.
979Q BRYANT AVE., BET. TWENTY-
*-i '* O fifth and Twenty-sixth sts.— Cottage, 7
i rooms and bath: large basement, garden, yard and
■ stable; all in perfect order: rent low to right
party. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN cfc CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st. . ■•■-—,•
C«Q COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS. ON PROSPECT
tjp O . ave. Inquire 75 California ave., nr. Mission.
pOTTAGE— SUNNY ROOMS: BASEM N 1 ;
\J large yard; chicken-house: water free; rent
$10. 31 Harper St., south of Thirtieth. lig blocks
from Twenty-ninth st. electric-cars.
! LET— COZY COTTAGE IN SAUSALITO;
'. X good location; fi tit- view; large flower garden;
rooms: rent reasonable.. WILL E. FISHER A
CO., 14 Post st. .
C UNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT OF
C 1 6 large rooms and bath. 540 Fifteenth st.,
near Dolores. . .; v. 1 v
FLATS TO £,J£ i .
/7o7r^r^£L^M?R^^
f I— U dry; bath: rent $80.
OIA THREE ROOMS; YARD. 1706 Jls
sle st.. near Eighteenth.
VKAR CITY HALL — 2 SUNNY FLATS; 5
-l> and 6 rooms; '$21, $25. 147 and 713 Grove st.
iTuNE CORNEiFfLAT: 8 ROOMS A N D BATH;
X 1 rent low. Haight and Webster sts. 1
i^EW STEPS"FROM CITY UAI.L; ELEGANT
flat of five rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
QT (j Ni.W MODERN SUNNY FLAT OF 6
■ «Ir-L V. rooms, bath. 133 San Jose ave., nr. 24th.
71 O OCTAVIA, N A R LLls't 1 . i i —
II- Lovely Hat;/? rooms, bath; latest mprove-
ments; brick basement.
OST desirablp: flat of 7 rooms,
I'i with bath and all modern improvements;
1635 Bush st. rent $30. MADISON A BURKE,
agents.
WEBSTER— 3 NICE FLATS, R., BATH,
4 r., bath, 3 r. ; rent cheap to good tenants.
ABY HAPPY; M A JiM A SATISFIED; PAPA
contented; flat rented -■ from BALDWIN A
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st. :
T7I L ATS TO SUIT— B E PART OF CITY;
-T central.convenient. economical; Sdrramentost.,
below Mason : sunny. Apply S2O Sansome st., rm. 4.
A- \.\:\ FINE FLAT; 7 ROOMS; LARGE
1 yard: low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
FINE FLAT OF si\ ROOMB AND BATH;
10 1 Louisa st.. near Fourth; rent $14; water
free; onemonth'srentfreetogoocl tenant. SHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE A 0., .]h Montgomery St.
OAO7 B AKER ST., BET. WASHINGTON A N D
-"Ol Clay— Elegant new modern- very sunny
flat; nexttoalarge vacant lot; 5 rooms and bath;
I very choice neighborhood; 3 car lines: $27 50.
WILL K. JFISHER A CO., 14 Post St. .
&1A T'PPER FLAT 4 SUNNY- ROOMS,
ypJ.tr. ■ cor. Twenty-third and -Castro sts.;
a!so 6-room flats, cor. >"iitt.-eiith and Noe sta. ; new
and modern.,
O NEW BAY - WINDOW FLATS; 5 AND 3
-i rooms; bath: $18 and $13. 909 i'olsom st., nr.
Fifth; :■ - ''■"■_ ' : - '
O ROOMS AND BATH. • 409% THIRTEENTH
0 st., above Valencia.
VTORTHWBST COR. EIGHTEEXTH ST. AND
-l-> Clara ave.: sunny upper flat, 6 rms:.bath: $20.
UNNY FLAT, 3 ROOMS; YARD; WATER
free; rant $12. 356 Third st.
LAT, 6- KOOMS, HEALTHY- -LOCATION,
$14; cottage. 4 rooms, yard, $11. 629 Second
St., near Brannan.
Cji 7 FLAT, 1207a BU*H: 5 ROOMS, BATH,
<u?X < . gas, bay-windows. Apply 1211b Bush st.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
-i low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
K]^l MISSION, NEAR ELEVENTH— 6
1 Ol sunny, papered rooms; bath; laundry;
very cheap.
'LAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS, BATii. 1613
X Folsom st., near Twelfth.
BUSriiX *" LAT - 687 MINNA ST. ~
<ORNER TWELFTH ND HOWARD STS.— 2
\J sunny bay-window flats, 7 and -6 rooms, and
bath. No. 1505.
(2* 1 O SUN N Y FLAT, 5 ROOMS, BATH. 23
<DX<J. Birch ave., otT Larkin st., bet. Grove and
Fulton.
GUNNI bay-window flat; 1704 WAIH-
vj ington, near Polk; 6 rooms and bathroom; rent
$27 50.
Sfe97 ?\CI ELEGANT UPPER FLAT; 7
(fl A I .O\J. large sunny rooms and bath. 2219
Sutter st.
qiO *> AND $14-1124 AND 1110 STEVENSON ,
- «IP ; XO_ near Herman; nice tials; cheap rent. ■•
BA Y- W N DO WFLA TTI626 CLAY. NR. POLK;
7 rooms and bathroom; reut $25.
(B»1Q MODERN, BUNNYV UPPER, CORNER
i. (J. flat; 6 rooms: bath; stable. 1232 18lh St.
UOtSKKDEPINd KOOMS.
C'lara Street.
4Q CLARA— 3 OR 4 ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
* >J kef-piug: furnished or unturnished.
Eddy Street.
91 Q EDDY-2 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
( J ing; rent very reasonable: private place.
Ql 7 EDDY — 8 UNFURNISHED OR FUK-
t/X-| nished housekeeping rooms; private family.
Ellig Street.
79A KLLIS-3SUNNY BACK ROOMS.' PA RT-
t *-i\J ly furnished for housekeeping; reasonable.
i-ifth Street.
099FIFTH-2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
«J—^- housekeeping; rent $9..
I-'illmore Street.
991 9 FILLMORE, NEAR CLAY-3 SUNNY
■fa'^' XZi rooms to small family, $11.
991 Al I-'ILI-iMORE— SUNNY FURNISHED
A^tyt-z rooms, with dining-room and kitchen if
de3lred; reasonable.
lolBom Street.
or;qi folsom — 4 NICELY furnished
OO"Z housekeeping rooms; unconnected; rea-
sonable.
i'ourtii -.treet.
OA7 FOURTn— SUNNY FURNISHEU
""I front rooms for housekeeping; rent cheap.
Harrison Street.
7QQ HARRISON ST.-3 HOUSEKEEPING
.4 OO rooms; large yard; $13. .
Howard Street.
1 1 OOa HOWARD-FINE SUNNY SUITE OF
ll^O front rooms: furnished Complete for light
housekeeping; e.egant antique oak folding-bed;
new Brussels carpet: couk stove; bed-lounge; large
closet; $13 per inonth; In an American family:
none but sober, quiet people need apply.
fV/£9~H O\VaS D-2 SUNNY FRONT FUR-
X'X -iij nishedhousekeetiingrms. ; rent $10 to sls.
I •> I - HOWARD— THREE UNFURNISHED
1.01.0 rooms for light housekeeping; use of bath,
laundry, yard: no children/: •■;
JLar Street. ■
AOO L A R K I N — NEAT BAY- WINDOW
tOO housekeeping rooms; hot water; reasonable.
.-; Mission: Mreoi.
AJK MISSION, NBAR SIXTH — 9 LARGE
UrXfJ sunny rooms; furnished complete for house-
keeping. . " . ' . ..- , .
. O'Farrell Street. :
£97 O"FAKRELL— UPPER FLOOR; 4, OR 6
\)Lt % rooms and bath; light housekeeping: ref. v
QOQ O'KARRELI^— FOUR NICE ROOKS FOR
O+uO housekeeping: call 9 to 12. •
' . ; -< \. ■!:!, street. '''
1 Z|9 SEVENTH — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
' 1— ' rooms: also single or en suite; suitable for
ado tor. ■:,.; . . ■■-■■;-.■ . - „ ;.-.,
south Park. -'
T(* SOUTH PARK— 3 FURNTBHED HOUSE-
-LU keeping rooms; $10; also unturuished. --■■■■;
HOJDSKKEEPINO BOOMS- Contlnned.
, Tliirteentli Street. ~
1 Oft THIRTEENTH— 2 NICELY FURNISH-
XUU ed rooms, complete for housekeeping ; $12.
Turk Street.
Q9l TURK- 2 UNFURNISHED PARLORS
O— i ga3 u:id bath. $15. -
Van ess Avenue. ■- .
71 n VA.V NESS AVE. — 3 COMPLETELY
• lv furnished housekeeping rooms, $20.
Welsh Street.
DA WELSH. OFF FOUKTH-4 NICELY'
1 I- tt furnished housekeeping rooms: yard ; cheap.
ROO3IS TO JLEi.
liramian Street.
A99 BRANNAN-FLRNISHED ROOM; USE
1 — of stove; $1 per week. •
California Street.
1 ADA CALIFORNIA — 2 HOUSEKEEPING
XttOTr rooms and kitchen with gas, bath, stove,
running water: $15. N __^
/"■',£. l)evisa«lero Street.
I AAO DEVISADERO, COR. GOLDEN GATE
±\J\J<J ave.— Furnished sunny rooms for invalid,
or single gentlemen. y :■ ■
iIUUy Street.
9Q EDDY, OPP. TIVOLI - FURNISHED
— O suite: also double and single rooms; gas.
11Q EDDY'— GROUND FLOOR FRONT
110 cheap; other rooms, $5 up.
i-ightli street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUhE, 28 BTH
0 St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street. — — ~
r.AQ ELLIS-SINGLE FRONT ROOM FOR
O\JV gentleman, large one, $8; private family.
I'olsom Street.
QOA FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH— FURNISHED
O-Jv" rooms from ."SI a week.
Fulton Street. . .
I 1 o FULTON— LARGE DOUBLE sunny
11U room; housekeeping If desired; $7.
. " Geary Street.
91 7 GEARY' — SINGLE UNFURNISHED
—X I room; rent reasonable; key 217 y±, rear.
rr-l Q GEAKY— SUNNY' FURNISHED ROOMS;
OXO double and single; suitable doctors' offices;
reasonable. ■ - ■■■ ■ ' ■
C'AO GEARY'— LARGE FRONT ROOM, WITH
Uv/O with 3 large bay-windows, suitcble for den-
tist. - . .
1 IAI GEAUY, COB. VAN NESS AVE.. TH*E
XXUJ Martinet; rirst-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and sin«le; new house; ele-
gantly fltted: breakfast if dealred. j^r
(i olden <iai« Avenue.
6 OQ GOLDEN GATE - ELKGANTLY FCTR-
OO nished rooms; single and 9iiit<'s.
i i OAc GOLDEN GATE AVE.— SUN-
i-J.«-U ny front room ; rent
"I 9 A r- GOLDEN (JATE AVE.— FIRST FLOOR
XZAJO of house; 3 rooms and washroom; base-
ment and garden.
<i>ough Street.
"lftii GOUOH - NICELY FURNISHED
IUIJ. sunny bay-window alcov« room; $12.
i .-.'*.. Howard Street.
70/1 HOWARD, CORNER THIRD— FINE
t vtr front rooms; tirst floor; quiet house.
Jones Street.
907 nVF -S— THE VAN WINKLE: NKW
j-V/ i management: Plegant snnny suites and
Biugle; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to i>3o.
Kearuy Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEARNY'— PLKA3-
-£*- aut Bunny rooms, en suite p.nd single; firssclau
in every respect : terms reasonable.
I>angton Street.
<2tJ. CA NICELY FURNISHED. LARGE
•uDtr.Ov/. front room, with German family.
132J/2 Langton.
Lark in Street.
A9QIJ A R KIN — NICELY FURNISHED
J— 'U suites; single; running water; bath; gas. 1
] 9AA LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY' PUB-
-L £\t\J nished front ro<>m, $8; sincle rooms, ?5.
Market >treet.
"\7"OSKMITE HOUBE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
JL Sixth and Seventh— Single and ■ suites; per
plEbt. 35c to $1 : wpek. $1 50 to $5: families
I 1 99 MA RKET — NICKLY- F UKSISHKI)
11'-- suite: also single rooms.
TI > 1 MARKET— SUNNY HOOM SU TABLE
X _ OX ior 2: home comforts; running water; $12.
Mason treet. .
"1 (\C\ MA SON— ELEGANT furnished SUN-
X\J\J ny front rooms: also for light housekeepine.
--■'•■■ Minna >treet.
APLA MINNA-NICK FURNISHED DOUBLE
tt«JT front room; separate entrance; gent pre-
ferred.
f\U 7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NKWLY FU
yJVJ I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient. . .
aiission Street.
r\(Jl MISSION, NR. SECOND-FRONT ROOM
O\J L and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
nt-iO m on— 1 LARGE furn!
I \JO front room for $10; also 1 smaller front
room, $6.
Europe" house, .1169 mission-nicely*
I'lirnishfd rooms, single or en suite; transients.
..": : O'i-'Hrrell Street.
9991 O'FARRELL-SUNNY FROKT ROOM;
£-£i£lsi nicely furnished.
*' Post Street.
907 POST-PLEASANT FURNISHED SUN-
— "'I ny rooms; suitable for downtown clerks.
/\1 POST— NICEt.Y' FURNISHED SUNNY'
O\J I rooms; slngir or en suite; rates reasonable.
CAQ POST —HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
O\JO rooms, en suite or single; $2 per week up-
ward. ....
POST— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
U^iO Ktiite.
Seventh Street.
109 EVE N T H-F ÜBNI S H E n FRONT
100 sunny rooms adjoining housekeeping ;cheap.
1 Q/» SEVKNTH-2 LARGE ROOMS, FUR-
-IOU nisbed complete for housekeeping: yard.
1 O7 SEVENTH— FURNISHED ROOMS, $1
XO I per week up; housekeeping; transient.
sixth Street.
1 9] SIXTH— NICESINGLEROOMS;CHEAP-
X_ 1 cst in tho city. w.-,
Stevenson Street.
/JAQ STE\ ENSON, COR. FIFTH— 2 ROOMS,
TtvO furuisned complete for housekeeping.
Stockton Street.
Al 7 STOCKTON ST.— FI'RNISHKD SUNNY
— X I front bay-window room, $10; single $5.
Sutter -street.
O9AI SUTTER-ALWAYS SECURE IN PER-
O^jUjj son • and property and rooms sweet and
neat, says the leading hatter of s»n Francisco-
rooms at Shasta rooming-house, price $2 60 per
week, formerly $5. ■ *
Taylor Street.
QAQ. TAYLOR - SUNNY UNFURNISHED
O\JU bay-window room; grate; gas; board. :■■
Ihird Street.
WIIC(^IE.STER HOUSK— THIRH. NEAR
'" Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night : si 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room : reading r'm : free bus.
9AX THIRD, KOSTERHOUSK-FURNISUED
— '' ' rooms, slnale ati.l suites: !?8 Riul $16 up.
BOAUJJ.Mi AiNL» ICOOjJIs.
ANDSOME^FRONT^ AND BAcir^PARLOR^
warm belt of be Mission: bath; gas; piano-
breakfast: use of private team ; • references ex-
cnanged; $10 per month. 629 Noe st.
A(\A LU-IT, I'WO JBLOCKs - FROM EAKBK-
_V/_ Sunny rooms with board.
•1 4-99 YDE - LARGE SUNNY ROOMS-
-1 tt^._ marine view; board j for 2; $40 and $5o!
OTEL BKRTLING, 714 UUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; allmod-
eru convepiences. . ■ .
OU]_I>KKN BOAKDJiU. ~~~~
WOULD LIKE TOHAVeToTT^CHILDREV
»» to board; nice home; mother's care- beat of
reference. 1205 Laguna st. - ;
ADY WISHES CHILDREN- TO BOARD- $8
month; mother's care. 1 603 Twenty-second St.
n GLfsH WIDOW w 1 .SUES a CUILDRE \
lu to board; furnished room for parent. 47^
Giibert st. • "va
pOOD HOME FOR INFANT; terms mod.
It erate. 1014 Jackson, bet. I'owell and Mason.
r STOUi.S TO . LEX.
QToiftE^VN^TH^lE^LIVINGr^^o^IS?^
O Folsom st., near Sixth. . . - ,•'.." " .
STORE AND 3 ROOMS; CHEAP RE\T 328
Seventh st. •*/ " ■■"> -■■: ■--■:,.-. .' vr T7°
oFJb'ICES TO LET. ~~
ELEGANT OFFICE^fTjr" PR^PI^SIOnXI
Hi. man will be vacated on March '1, at 850 Mar-
ket St., cor. Stockton;, first floor. ',_\ ...,-... "
ELEGANT OFFicES"IN T N_W BPRECKELS
building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
coarge for gas, janitor services or heaiinr. . Apply
at buildine or U. H. UMBBKN _ CO., 14 Monte st.
ESTATE.
AL HOKIGKR. . IOUI3 A. BOUC
T A. SOUC&CO.,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time and
money by calling on us at ouce.
GJQ (\f\C\ ONE OF THE BEST BUSINESS
<IP«J«.>.UV/l/. corners : in the Mission; lot 65x
100; 2-story buildinc, containing 3.stores and 4
rooms; 3 flats, 's rooms and ' bath each; 2 bay-
window cottages, 5 rooms and bath; all in Al o'r-
der; renting for $2880 per annum, ••■"■v -■
<J£l A- f\C\f\ COR. (4IKRRERO AND 20TH—
<iPX"±.Uu\./. lot 76:6x105; elegant bay-window
house; 8 rooms, bath; saloon parlors; large
grounds and stable.
<fi?"l (\ (\IU\ FINE CORNER ON 16TII ST.,
»4pJLV/.\J' »U. near Market; store and 3 rooms;
upper flat 5 rooms and bath; cottage 4 rooms; lot
30x83.-
SJtA^nn VALENCIA ' ST., NR. 20TH: LOT
*g>\J*J\J\J. 25x90; bay-window house 8 rooms
r.nd bath: could at small cost bft converted into
business property. 11*1 1 iiii<iHi»|iiq| Hru'.Ml ill*
SU^^nfY BARTLETT ST. TO ALLEY; LOT
>[PtJt)yi\J. 30x117:6: modern bay-window house,
& rooms, bath; stable for 3 horses.
(g^t .AA 19TH ST., NEAR VALENCIA:
«IP«J"UU. lot 37:6x90; elegant home; bay-win-
dow house S rooms: saloon parlors; all in perfect
order; cheap at $6»00.
j.OO - 6XIOiJ FLORIDA ST., NR. 24TII-
<U7OttvV. modern bay-window fiats, 4 and 5
rooms: bath, laundry: in perfect order.
<jftQ'7£kn 37:6x90-18TH ST.. NR. VALEN-
«CS«J I «JvF. cia: a snap; cottageof 5 rooms, bath,
laundry; In good order; the lot, is worth more
monev. • . , v< _
(fifl Kf)O Coxlls-DIAMONDST.,KR.2OTH;
<ID-L*JV\J. 2 lots; street graded; sewered:
must go.
(s;y,V)n LEXINGTON AVE., NEAR 20TH-.
ii£)<J<J\J\J. cheap: two-story house; rooms;
batb: laundry; in perfect order.
VALLEY ST.y NEAR CHURCH:
W*-*J\J\J»lot 27x114: bay-window tlats; four
rooms and bath each; always rented atS24.
<B; Q9^o SAN CARLUS AVE., nr. i9TH; 2-
Vp*JZJU\J. story house, 6 rooms; bath; street
worK all done and accepted.
<&9^A.A 27TH-ST., NR. CHURCH; LOT
t\T)±*U\JV. 25x114; modern bay-window cottage,
6 rooms; bath; iaundry; ln-'h basement, •
<2;9fwWk COZY COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS;
<IP4*\J\J\J. iar«e basement: lot 25x114: nr. Guer-
rero and 2i'd sts.
Our list comprises some of the best property in
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any oi the home-
steads; also good business corners iii any part of
the Mission. Call and get a list and prices.
If you WHiit >our vacant houses rented place
them with us.
L. A. Sim.'C cfc CO., 465 and 467 Valencia St., near
Sixteenth. ,
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
-L»l REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS, •
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS.
.©7900 BRODWAY'. STOCKTON; 21 :6x
*l?*£d\J\J. 137:0; good, substantial improve-
ments: 2 flats and cottage in the
rear; brick foundation; street work
air done: reins $68; must be sold;
easy terms can be arranged; elec-
tric-cars pass the door.
flsl 9 Z\f)fl PINE-ST. FLATS: VKRY
«IP-*-*-»t»Ul/. choice locality; •-'6x137:6, with 3
modern flats 01' 6, 6 and 7 rooms,
bath aud all conveniences; all rented,
$B'J5O; flrst-class condition.
Q1 £;n JACKSON ST., NR. BAKER; 25x
t{pOXUU. 127:8Vi: good locality for flats; woutd
reat well; a cheap lot.
$3000 LOOK AT THIS! SPLENDID
<]PO\J\J\J. building lots on Mission St., but 45
ft. from Valencia: cars in front;
cable and electric; street work done
aiid accepted; 25x100 each: neigh-
borhood well built up; will sell 161:5
xIOO for $18,000.
©9^oo RICHMOND; EASY TERMS; 11TH
w — U\J\J, ave., near Ciement; 50x120; street
work done.
OAKLAND BUSINESS PROPERTY TO EX-
change for S;.n Francisco residence or residence
lots In the Western Addition; come
": mortgage would be assumed; but a
very short distance from the City
Hall, and has 2 frontages; sHxllB
fret deep: improved with bay-win-
dow, 2-story residence: 10 rooms,
bath: large basement and attic: also
Stable for 2 horses and carriage;
street work all done and accepted;
inquire about this without fail.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 -Sloatgomery st.
SOL GETZ <fc BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
KOOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. '
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM. :
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots. ..V : ■> i
S7KTO $300 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
I *J the park and Grand Bouievard; $10 down
and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ <fc BRO.
(&9AA $400, $450, $500 TO $1100; CHOICEST
tIDOV/v/. lots nonh and south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist nve. to 20lh ave. and Point
Lobos, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near AOiliated Colleges; opposite con-
cert valley ana Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ & BRO.
<Ui IAA TO $250; BUILDING LOTS NEAR
<DX\J\J Mission-st. and electric car lines; only
$10 down and $6 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
6OL GETZ <fc BRO., Owners,
Room A, tirst floor, Crocker buiidin?.
pHANCE FOR HOME-B-UILDERS: FRUIT-
\J vale Terminal Tract; special terms; $100 up.
VRUITVALE TERMINAL TRACT — LOTS
X $150 up: $5 cash, $5 per mo.; I). Pratt, Fruit-
vale sta. THE McCaBTHY CO.. 646 Market. S.Jt\
<a*J.F.AA FOR BAL&— I BLOCK FROM THE
tiP^'-'W. park; new house, 6 rooms, hasem^nt
and attic; well built and finely arranged. Take
McAllister-st. car to Sianyan and apply at Park
House. .
<Q:1 f\(\f\ FI2JE-- CORNER; 104x100; ON
IUUU. cal. and Nev. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
down, $i5 monthlv. ■
$360-1 acre hill land; $5 monthly. >-
$750— Business lot: 50x100: $10 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly..
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St.
BRIGHT, CHEERY, E A LTHFUL LOCA-
tion. Frultvale Terminal Tract; lots $150 up.
<tt9*?K IF TAKEN AT ONCE; LEVEL I.OT, 1
i\D^jjJO block 8. of the park. Call at once, 9
Powell st., room 3.
}?OB' tUXE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
In Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28J/2 Zoe St., city. :
3 FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY'-WlN-
dow, mantels.etc., built for $8200; 5-room cottage
and lmtli..tir<»o. JAS McCO.VA H A Y.IUH Mission
41OAKV TO LO.i>. ~
ON FURNITURE~OR~PI ANO ' E i y"pRI VATE
party ; low inierest ; strictly privait.. 215 Powell.
T OANS IN 8D M TO SUIT. BY THE COSMOS
XJ Loan Association, cor. Battery and Pine sta. |
\\ ONEY - LOANED ON JEWELRY'. AND
i.»i other valuables 'at tho Security Loan Office,
1106 Market St.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNIT fRE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low Interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate officerm. 68, Donohoe build'g, 1170 Murket st.
TsT"<fc 3D MOKTCJAGKS; INTERESTS IK KS-
Xtates;lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY',62B M"rkt.
NY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos; lowe3t rate; call and
state your proposition or write: open evenings."
: ■ ■. J. NOON AN, 1021 Mission st.
©^nfTfiflA ox BEAL ESTATE: LOWEST
<IfrtJlM ' ? UU Urates. A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
MoN VTO LOAN ON HOKTG AGE OR OOL-
laterals. JAS. F. DAMON, 303 Mqntgomry
ORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS. WAR-
rants. SALOMON & CO., Montgomry,r.2l4.
AKLAND LOANS ON REAL ESTATE;
. first mortgages secured on snort notice; cur-
rent . rates of -interest. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
ONEYTOLOAN; PRIVATE. 410KKARNY
St., room 6." ; ' .
DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
ColumMli Loan & Collateral ctiiicp. 9 Grant ave.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2lfor 3D MORTGAGES;
J\.' estates, undi\ided interests, real estate in pro-'
batp. McCOLGAN. '-'4 Montgomery, rooms 2-ft.
PAWSUROKEBB.
T. 126 1 ; KEAIINY~sf .;" "r^O^PT-MoSjEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap.
, Fl>A->UAL. ; ;. :■. ■;•;■„.•. r; : :
©"Vaa" f\()f\ TO £Sa» on life^nsTpolF-
«Jf> IUU.UUU clcs> JOS. I:. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
\ir ANTED— S7OO AT. 1 PER CENT; GOOD
'f security. ■ P., box 8, Call Office. . ■ ;
ERCHANT WANTS fZOOO FOR 1 OH 2
years at 10 percent., on 13,000 security,
$7000 insurance; Al reference; full Investigation.
Address : Business, Call Brunch, Sixteenth and
Mission sts. .' : .-.-..•..•■>.-•.• -.-•■■•.■,.---•-..■-.-■•;■ ■ -■
OANS ON IST AND 2D MORTGAGES AND
life insurance policies: low rate of interest:
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st. -■-:-.•
— — — _____ ______
PHYSICIANS.
KATDKTu^Ts^P^Y^l^N^sljßG^ol^^aYAL
Unlvei*sity Turin, Italy. Nucleus b1dg,661 Marlct
DEMOViiD— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
XV Market St.; diseases of women a specialty.
. COtjyTKT KEAL KSTATfc.
"I f)A ACRES MEADOW; RICHEST SEDI-
X\J\J ment soil; 1% hour3 out; depot of 4 rail-
roads on the land: cam be sold in town lots; only
$faO per acre if sold at once; worth 8200.
jV MODEL VINEYARD.
"1 0(\ ACRES, BEARING 7, TONS PER ACRE,
J. \J\J on resistant stock, near this city; will sell
for half iia value or will subdivide; small payment
down.
HUGH SHIELS, 602 Market St., Crocker bldg.
iR-4-fl ACRES; GOOD HOUSE; BARN; GRAIN-
"^t" house; chicken house; spring water piped
to house; lar^e spring which will furnish all water
needed for irrigation; air fenced; no frosts: one-
quarter of this is the best of oranze and lemon
land: very small first payment; lonK time, com-
mencing next fall; low interest : price only $6 per
acre. WARNER <fc CO., 465 Ninth st., Oakland.
9Q ACRES OF LAND (UNIMPROVED),
f u " wood and water, Tuolumne County ; cheap
for cash. p. C. box 133, this office.
\ SIIURST COLONY: i 7~
-tx At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better thau have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes in
this colony and are determined to surround our-
selves with neighbors who wish at once to have ;
schools and churcbts and rendlnz-rooms in our very
midst. We have every facility for a grand devel-
opment. We make it possible for all who are en-
terpnsin.sr thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comforfand abundance. Address
ABHTTBST COLONY,
' Room 10, Mills Building. 8. F.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN- IM-
-L/ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partlv Improved,
with small house, etc D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st.. S. F. =""">m-»
"IyTEAR lIAYWARDS: 8 ACRES OF LAND
-i-^ free; payment for improvements only: 10-room
house, barn, windmill, horse, vehicles, furuiture, '
tools and bearing fruit trees; price $3600. For
full particulars apply to THOMAS McMAHON,
628 Market st. ...'
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY. "
' OAKDALK, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus B.iver, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
btockton and Mercea. The Stanislaus and Saa
Joaquln Irrigation Company's canal runs directly i
tlirous^i the colony and ' the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
! ton Navels. ■ Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
1 Bloods. Th« property is utider the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight,
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares lor the orange groves for non-
residents, i
A hiKh and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. AH kinds of small game near by
cftords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water rl™ht
ana planted to oranj?e tree.3. $175 per acre. Unim- ,
proved land witn fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
ifcct and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, map3 aad catalojjues, ai-
dress ••■■■■••
' leS^ASTOK, ELDRIDGE & CO..
ti3B Market Street.
san Francisco, CaL
OrF. T. KNEWING, our representative,
'''■--■:- Oakdale. CaL
MARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
trom Sail Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75Deracre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESI'MKNT COMPANY, 64
End 65 Chronicle building.
SEND FOK OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
"DUSINESS FOR SALE: GOOD BARGAIN;
lJ home bakery and confectionery; cheap rertt:
rine location: pays well: owner leaving town;
price $350. F. C. WATSON, 463 Ninth St., Oak-
land.
M~ ODKRN 7-ROO.M HOUSE; LOT 50x109;
-L'A opposite residence of U. S. Senator George C.
Perkins: lovely view; mortgage $1600 can run;
will take $1-JOO for equity: good buy. E. E.
BUNCE. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
<5?99XA RENTS $40 PER MON'i II • MUST
'.. — — u\J, be sold before March 1 : 3-story build-
in^: store and rooms; coita^e in rear: main street
in Oakland; one block from local train. Anoly
Immediately William J. DINGEE, 460 Ei«htn
St., Oakland.
(£«9XA BUSINESS CORNER LOT; SEV-
>iP-f"- entli street. Apply at store, 1548 Park
street, Alameda.
Qg l(j/k HAY. GRAIN. WOOD AND COAL
«Ip-J;UV/. business, including stock, fixtures,
horses wanons, etc. : rent $15; good business street,
fine corner; must be sold before March 1 ; sickness
cause for selling. J.S.MYERS, 1002 Broadway.
Oakland. ,
O/^ ACRES, SANTA CLARA COUNTY, AT
— U Saratoga; 20 acres fruit; house and barn-
ss7so; $800 cash, balance in trade.
Lot on Grove st. and Plymouth ave., Oakland;
50x116; very cheap. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway
<SJ{ 1 AH CABH AND 9^o PER MONTH WILL
*iP 1 XJyJ secure a new 5-room cottage; largp lot;
close .to station and electric cars: price $1800.
W. C. MOR AN. Loriu station, Berkeley.
(£• I (\f\ . LOTS AT FRUITVALK STATION-
<iiJ-iW- come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
<2*O(\ MONTHLY FOR 5-ROOM COTTAGES;
qp£i\J plans free. F. BO£XiLE. Golden Gate statu.
(ftl Pvf) £°TSNEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
KT-l-*J\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 dowa
and $1 a week; selling fust; good Improvements.'
H. B. PINNEY .owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAJH.DA r.KAI. i.STAJ'K.
Cj99Afi S5O CASH, $22 50 MONTHLY; 5 ;
i£i\J\J. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottaire.
$3000-SM) cash: $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath : handsome new cottage.
$3230— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
53500— cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottace: 7 rooms and bath.
MARCUSE «t KEMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
I'-iiBKELIiK K-fcAi, JSSTATIS.
TyE OFFFR A NICE S-ROOM^T'TAGe'oN
»' a 50x1 35-foot corner lot, three squares from
North Berkeley sta;ion; price only $1,00; easy
terms. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center st. ,
<2iq9Kn SEE THIS ELEGANT HOME;
*IP O — *J\J. new 6room cottage; large room3;
handsome finish: porcelain bath: tiled sink; :
choice location; street work done; terms to suit.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station.
WE OFFKII A FINE LOT ON HASTE ST
for $1000: one on Hilgard. nesr U. C, for
$800, both with street work done; alno one near
North Berkeley station, $400. O. G. MAY & CO.
Center st., Berkeley.
"V-OU SEE~THEY ARE BOOMING STOCK-
-l ton, but any sano person prefers "Berkeley the
beautiful." Look at this: A new 9-room house,
near university, street work all done, and only
$3200. JQiH. J. MASON, Dwigut-way station:
SANTA CLARA CODNTY.
BEAK KSTATEi •
S'^N^A^cl^RT^'u^fY^ROPEKTY
0 ior sale or exchange for city property: lanrp, •
residence, well furnished; beautiful grounds;
large oaks; suitable 'for gentleman's home, semi-
nary or summer boardinir: with 160 acres or less;
stable, two cottages, outhouses, pavilion, bored
well, windmill, horse-power, tanks, farming imple-
ments, wagons, horses, cows, pigs, chickens; 30
acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7 years; 70 acres in wheat
and barley. For price and fur her particulars apply
E. McOURRIE, office Lloyd Tevis, MllUbldg. s /'
T — — - DENTISTS. : — — — ,
SET ol^^E^TH^wTrldUJlJT iUPLATET^R~H~
0 G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. "
I\R. GEORGE \v. LEEK. THK GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of oainless extraction !
'and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'Farrell st.
])AlN'i.!-..-S I.XTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X. bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 vearV ,
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 81534 Geary.
1 ill. 11. U. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — "BRIDG& '■
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. : 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ave.
C ROOM E DENT At, ASSOCIATION, 789 MAK-
-1 ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
agent for painless extraction: artificial t«eth ■
lrmj|>6; Jillin^sirni $1: extracting 50c. with gas $1.
$7 A SET FOR "TEETH; WARRANTED as .
. «JP I : good as can be made; rilling $1. DR. SIMMa,
dentist, 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
I \R. LUDLUM HILi., 1443 MARKET ST~
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when >
plate3 are made; old ; plates made over like new: '
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 5l)c: gas given. ■
aolton dental ASSOCIATION. SOU MAR"
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. . ■
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MA RKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate ave.— Open evenings : Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK , REASONABLE AND WAI? '
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, ll^a Market st.
TO EXCHANGE ■ •" ■
Gl OODr'RE NTiN^OAKLAND AND^BERKE^ I
r ley property to exchange for land or ranches.' !
J. H. EDSON, 908 Broadway. Oakland. rangces> '
LOST.
OPITZ DOG T(WHITE) i^ ANS\VERING TO TUB
O name of Roy; reward will be paid if brought
back or for information leading to recovery. N. D.
SICKELS, 6^o Market s'. - ■
J" OST— FEBRUARY 19, LADY'S OI'KN-FACE
-^ gold watch and fob; monogram. Liberal reward
by returning to 1412 Bush st.
QTKA YED OR STOLEN— A WHITE BULL^
O dog; ears cut ; scratch under the rl^ht ear; suit-
able reward if reairned. 37 Gilbert st.
LARGE Ri laN HOUND: BLACK AND
gray: long, broad nose : .f-_'O reward. 1 Fifth.
LOST-ROLL OF GREENBACKS ON TRAIN
to Ingleslde. Return Call Office and name own
reward. •
T OST— GOLD MEDAL FUO.M MAKION-SIMS
XJ Medical College of St. Louis. Mo. Finder will
please return to JOS. MENAFEI-J, at 9u6 Powell
St., and receive suitable reward.
LOST— YOUNG PUG DOG; GET REWARD
on delivery. 13 Shot well st.
T OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
A 7?f? O OTP5 Ui X- S mi ' ShOPS mft ' Je to order bv
OEO. BRYANT for j|s. 204 1 urk st., near Jones.
T OST-BET\VEEN,CITY HALL AND .ii'.l
sj .erson square, ladles' huntiriK-case gold wa-tch,
with -name inside. A handsome reward will tie
given for the return of siii.n- to Call Office.
S WU| ti aiACHJLVES^
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOU), KXCHaXi;:
-n- rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
UIVOKCJS I'KOOi.iilJlNUs.
Complaints filed: '
Erminie J. Austin asralnst .Tohn L. Austin.
Nellie A. Clark against Charles B. Clark.
Divorces granted :
Matthew J. Ryan from Nellie Ryan, for intem-
perance; by Judge Sanderson.
Margaret Moore from Francis M. Moore, for de-
sertion by Judfra Sanderson.
Amelia Lehman from Henry Lehman, for deser-
tion; by Judge Hunt.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
CAMPBELL— In this city, February 15, 1896, to
the wife of Alick Campbell, a son.
GOLDSTEIN— Oakland, February 16, 1896, to
the wife of Morris Goldstein, a daughter.
JONES— In this city, February 18, 1896, to tho
wife of Walter B. Jones, a daughter.
LEAN— this city, February 17, 1896, to the
wife of Robert Lean, a daughter.
LKWALD— In Selma, February 18, 1896, to the
wife of Sam Lewald, a son. •
PLATE— In Oakland, February 10, 1896, totha
wife of Frank E. Plate, a, son.
MAKRIKO.
LYONS— February 16, 1896, M. A.
Lyons and Lulu G. Kelrns, both of San Francisco.
Diau.
Carter. Edward E. Matthews, Julia E.
Cole, John J. Morse, Capt. A. H.
Dreyfus, Julee Nichols, William D.
Iratas, William J. . Ostrander. Stephen
Hansen, Andey L. L. Pariez, Nick
Harris, George A. Ryan, Thomas
Hayes, Bridget Ryan, Mamie
Hainmerberg. John A. Smith, Jane
Irwln. Mary F. Steele, E. W.
Leniban, Catherine Von Roenn. Diedrich
Levl, Euiilie . Wesseis, Earl A.
CARTER-In this city, February 17. 1896, Ed-
ward E. Carter, a native of San Francisco, aired
30 years.
COLE— In Alameda, February 19, 1896, John J.
Cole, brother of Herbert H. and Amy Cole, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 38 years.
DREYFUS— Jn'this city, February 18, 1896. Jules
Dreyfus, a native of France, aged 79 years.
FRATAS— In this city, February 17, 1896, William'
J., beloved son of Anthony and Emily Fratas.
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 years and 10
months.
HARRIS— In this city. February 19, 1896, Georco
A. Harris, a native of Methuen, Mass., aged 66
years.
HANSEN— In this city, February 18, 1896. Andey
L. L., beloved son of John and Mary C. Hansen.
and brother of Henry A. R., George R. N. and
Walter B. Hansen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years 3 months and 29 days.
JSSTFriends and acaualntance.i are resp9s> •
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the re3l-
dence of his parents, 1569 Murketstreet. between
Eleventh and Twelfth, interment Cypress Lawu
Cemetery.
HAMMERBERG-Tn Fruitvale, February 17,
1896, John 'August Hammerberg, a native of
Sweden, aged 36 years.
HAYES— In Sausalito, February 18, 1896, at the
residence of herson, John Hayes, Bridget Hayes,
a native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 73 years,
e3*The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday) on the arrival of the 10:05 o'clock
a. m. boat from Saua.illio. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemeterv.
IRWIN— In this city, February IH, 1896," Mary F.
Irwin, a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
£3"Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS D\Y
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor cc Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, whera a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I.ENIHAN— In this city, February 18, 1896, Cath-
erine, wife of the late John lienihan, and mother
of John, William and Dennis Lenlhan, a native
of Newcastle West, County Limerick, Ireland
aged 57 years.
,S3~Friends and . acquaintances ara r»snec:-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her late
resideme, 229 Clara street, thence, to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services nt 2 o'clock p. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LEVI— In this city, February 18, 1896, Em lie.
beloved wife of Jacob Levi .Sr., and mother of
Mrs. Jacob Levl Jr., a native of Germany. a"ed
67 years. . ■ ;
Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Frday) at
9:30 o'clock a.m., at her laie residence, 1363
Post street. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by special train at 11 o'clock a. u. from
Third and Townsend streets.
MATTHEWS— In this city, February 17, 1896,
Julia E.. beloved wife of S. B. Matthews, and
mother of James B. Matthews, a native of Guys-
boro, Nova Scotia, aged 40 years.
45F"Fnends and acquaintances ara r93nect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. u., from her lata
residence, 813a Hayes street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland. '
MORSE— In Alameda, February 18. 1896, Captain
A. H. Morse, a native of Maine, aged 63 years.
£j~Friends and acquaintances nre resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAV
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 893 Union street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. '
NICHOLS— In Berkeley. February 17. 1896. Wil-
liam D., beloved husband of Ann Nichols (sister
of Mrs. K. Mertens), father of Willie E. Nichols,
and brother of Charles R. Nicbois. a native of
Herklruer, N. Y., aged 60 years 11 months and
17 davs. fEureka (Cal.) papers please copy.]
&3~Friend3 and acquaintances and members
of Lincoln Post, G. A. R., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the family
residence, 1815 Addison street, Berkeley statioii,
thencr- to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, arriving in
San Francisco by 11:45 o'clock a. m. boat.
OSTRANDER— At Greenbush, Van Rensselaer
Couuty.'N'.Y., February 9. 1896, of typhoia fever,
Stephen Ostrauder. ased 68 years.
PARiKZ-In this city, February 18, 1896. Nick
Pariez, beloved brother of Tom Pariez, a native
of Moidez, Bocche dl Cattaro, Austria, aged 22
years 9 months and 8 days, s
JKS"Frlends and acquaintances are rasnect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from Servian
Montenegrin Society's Hall. 10 California street.
Interment Greek Russian Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, February 18, 1896, Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Ryan, a native of
County Longford. Ireland, aged 65 years.
jB9" Friends and acauaimances ara resDect-*
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. 12 St. Rose's street, off Masonic
avenue, thence to Holy Cross Church, where a
. solemn requiem mass will be cjlebrn**! for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. m. Interment Hoiy Cros3 Cemetery
RYAN— In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 19, 1596, Mamie Ryan, aged 25 years.
SMITH— In East Oakland, February 17. 1896,
Jaue smith, beloved mother of Mrs. M. L.
Schleuter, a native of Ireland, aged t>s years.
Friends and acquaintances are reaDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(TnurBday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 13/2 Thirteenth avenue, t;:ence to St.
Anthony's Church, where a solemn requ iem
• mass will he celebrated for the repose of her soul, -
commencing at 10 o'clock a. it. Interment
Bt. Mary's Cemetery.
STEELE— In San Luis Obispo, Cal., February 18, -
1896, E. W. Steele.
JBQB" Friends are respectfully invite 1 to attend ■
the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday), at 11-
-o'clock a. m., from Gray's Undertaking Parlors.
, Interment private. , ... . , . ,
von ROENN— In thjs city. February 18, 1898.
Diedrich von Roenn, a native of Germany, ased
64 years.
WESSELS— In this city, February 19. 1896. Earl j
- A. Wesseis, a native of San Francisco, aged 15
davs. :
"" UJS'ITIiD UNiTkHTAK-EKS'
EMBALMING PARJLOKS.
Every Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Elates. ■
TelephOHe^SieT. 27 and 29 i-'ifth street. '
. NIcAVO V'&'cALLACHER, \ '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EJfBALMKRS, j
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. •
.. . Telephone 3080. •• ;
IAB7McMBNOMitT^^^^ Chas. McMekomsy.'
JAMKS Mc>IENOMJS¥ Jfc SON,
ÜBUEKTAKKRS A>"l> EMBALMKBS,
1037 Mission Street, >*.«ar Seventh.
- ... Telephone No. 3354.
CYPRESS LAWS CEMETERY,
TUSANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIANj
JL laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bean*
tlful, permanent and easy of access; tee it befon ■
touring » burial place elsewhere. : • ■. -
City ofli.ee, » City H»IJ Areoai.
1516
GRAND ARMY MEN
ARE UP IN ARMS
Old Soldiers Aroused Over
the Yountville Man
agement.
A CALL TO THE STATE.
Governor Budd Asked to Inves
tigate Charges Against
the Directors.
SOME SERIOUS ACCUSATIONS.
Lyon Post of Oakland Leads in a
Movement That Will Arouse the
Entire Coast.
Oakland Office Pan Frakcbco CaxxJ
908 liroadway, Feb. 1!». >
■Whereas, It is alleged and believed by many
Grand Army men and others:
First— Tnat the board of directors of the Vet
eran!-' Home at Yountville have for along
time pai'i n salary oi .-<<>(Kt a year to one of
Uieir number as treasurer of the Veteran's
Home Association when the by-lawa of the as
>in state that no director or member
shall receive any compensation for services
rendered the home.
second— That the treasurer hns now under
his control over £ - _!<>,tMH) of pension money be
longing to veteran! at the home, and receives
rly ior the use of the home more ihnn
$11,000 from the State and about $14,000
from the I'nited Statt-s, while his bond, the
cost of which is paid to the Surety Company,
is only $10,000.
Third— That the directors maintain an office
in San Francisco at an annual expense of about
jj4(K>o, whirh is supported from funds fur
nished by the Stale and National governments
6olely for tiie maintenance of indigent anil do
ubled soldiers, and where no business is trans
uded that could not be done at the home with
out extra charge, as customary in State insti
tutions.
Fourth— That the directors have lately reno
vated and furnished live of the best rooms at
the home for their private use, at a cost of
about and paid the bills for these im
provement* with money appropriated for the
old soldiers, many of whom are uncomfortably
domiciled and in want of conveniences.
Fifth— That the directors maintain ami sanc
tion a saloon at the home, where whisky,
brandy, gin and other intoxicating drink* are
»-old to members and civilians, when the by
laws of the association say that 'No alcoholic
or distilled liquors shall be sold upon the
prounds controlled by rhe association or in any
building upon the grounds."
.-isth— That the directors carry wines and
liquors upon the home premises at will, keep
the same in their private rooms, visit the
hospital dispensary early and often for free
drinks, and allow themselves to be seen on the
grounds in a state of intoxication, when their
own rules forbid members of the home to visit
Fftloons or other drinking places within two
miles of the home grounds, to buy or accept
intoxicating: drinks within said two miles, to
bring such drinks upon the grounds or into
the buildings thereon, or in any way become
intoxicated, under penalty of discharge from
the home.
Seventh— That the directors have constructed
6C-wers which lend from more than twenty
buildings and carry daily about 10,000 gallons
of filth into a branch of Napa Cruet a short
distance above the domestic water supply of
the City of Napa. scattering seeds of disease
and deam among hundreds of families.
Kiphth— That the directors habitually favor
personal friends in business matters concern
ing the home, to the great detriment of the
home interests, as in the painting of the build
ings last summer, vrhen a certain comrade of
George H. Thomas Post was appointed super
intendent ami paid $4 50 per day, with board;
■while the hard-working contractor and his
men received but $150 a day and board— the
superintendent's wages amounting to more
than 60 per cent of the contract price of (870,
and his duties being fo light that several mem
bers of the home better qualified than him-
Fe'f would gladly have performed them
at the rate of $10 a month; and also, in
the matter of supplies, when a director who
buys largely for the home was able to sell his
prune crop of 18.94 direct to the home at the
highest market price, and to get his last year's
< rop into the home through the firm having
the contract to furnish that article — the former
transaction being a criminal offense; and this
partiality is further shown in the erection of
the two large buildings approaching comple
tion on the home grounds to .be paid for chiefly
with funds appropriated only for the mainten
ance of the veterans— the plans originally pre
pared by the oflicers and experienced carpenters
of the home, for buildings to cost about $17,
--•M10, being replaced by others more ornamental,
Though no more commodious or serviceable,
and designed at an increased expense of fully
$ 10,000 by the architect and superintendent
appointed by friendly directors.
Ninth— That the directors used some of the
funds appropriated by the State and "Congress
for the maintenance of veterans in lobbying
at the legislative sessions of 1893 and 1895 to
obtain a continuance of the home annual al
lowance of $45,000, and also to defeat the acts
of 1895. calling for bids and contracts for the
home supplies and for the abolishing of the
superfluous office in San Francisco.
Tenth— That the directors have disposed of
the special State appropriation of $ 50.000 made
in March, 1895, as follows: About $23,000 for
n poorly adapted general dining hall and two
private residences for the commandant and
medical director, respectively ; about $17,000
hocus-pocused Into the home treasury to re
place the stealing of Treasurer Royce and his
partners; and about $10,000 used to liquidate
old debts of the board; whereas, the whole of
this appropriation was intended for perma
nent improvements oh the home grounds for
the use of the old soldiers.
Eleventh— That George 11. Thomas Tost No. 2,
G. A. EL, has usurped the control of the Veter
ans'Home, having secured all the command
ants but the last, all the treasurers, all the sec
retaries coming from the Grand Army, and
many other officials, while posts that have
labored faithfully for the veterans have practi
KEW TO-DAT.
FOR BABY'S SKIN
Scalp and Hair
i/3^ use
(%f (Pair*
The most effective skin purifying and beau-
tifying soap in the world, as well as purest
and sweetest for toiJet, bath, and nursery.
For distressing facial eruptions, pimples,
blackheads, irritations of the scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, red, rough hands,
chatings, and simple rashes and blemishes
of childhood, it is absolutely incomparable.
Bold throejshtrat the Verld. Britlih depot: F. New- .
»*rt * Kohs, 1. King Edward-*t., London. Potix* I
1>«C« * Chi*. Cosr^ Sole I'rope., Boiton, U. B. A, _,!
cally no voice in the management of the home;
therefore,
Retolved, That his excellency James H.Budd,
Governor of California, be and is hereby re
quested to investigate these matters and cause
suit to be brought against |ne treasurer of the
Veterans' Home Association to recover all
moneys paid h'im by the association for services
rendered the home while a member of said
association; also against the directors for all
moneys appropriated by State or Congress for
the maintenance of members of the Veterans"
Home, which moneys have been used for ex
penses of office in San Francisco or for other
purposes not contemplated in such appropria
tions; and, further, for the misappropriation
of 927,000 out of the (50,000 donated by the
Legislature in March, 1893, to the Veterans'
Home Association, to make permanent im
provement on the home grounds at Yountville
for the use of the soldiers; and, finally, to re
move from office any director who has violated
any by-laws of the Veteran*' Home Association,
or any law of this State or the United States
relating to the association or the management
of the home; or who lias received directly or
otherwise any profit through his ottieial con
nection with said association.
Resolved, That J.yon Tost Xo. 8, G. A. R.,
recommend that the Grand Army at the State
encampment at Puma Cruz in April next, con
sider and act upon the proposition to transfer
the Veterans' Homo property at Yountville to
the State of California, to be kept as a home
for veterans as long as needed and then used
for other State purposes, thereby relieving the
u -and Army from the odium ot the scandals
that seem inseparable irom a directorate man
agement of the home.
Raolvtd, Tlint copies of the?e charges and
resolutions be forwarded to all the (Jrand Army
posts of this department, to the Governor,
Attorney-General, Controller and Treasurer
of this State and to the California members of
Congress.
These resolutions have been adopted by
Lyon Post No. 8, G. A. R., of Oakland,
and copies of them will be forwarded to the
Governor, the Attorney-General, the Con
troller and the State Treasurer and to
every Grand Army post in the Department
of California and Nevada.
Thus, the long-threatened war between
many (J. A. EL posts and the directorate
of the Yountville Home has broken out,
and within a lew days every veteran in the
California and Nevad^a Department will be
involved.
A hint of what was coming was con
tained in The Call story regarding the
autopsies held on the bodies of soldiers
who die in the home, published two weeks
ago. It brought forth some correspond
ence from both sides, and many other
issues were brought up. The opposition
to the management of the home reached a
climax last night when Lyons Post of this
city adopted resolutions denouncing the
home, charging fraud and calling on the
Governor for an investigation.
Before passing the resolutions, Lyons
Post was assured of the hearty co-opera
tion of many posts in the department, and
their action will precipitate one of the
liveliest campaigns ever inaugurated in
the G. A. R. The subject is bound to come
up at the next encampment, which as
sembles at Santa Cruz on April 21.
THAT BLUE ENVELOPE
A Fair Officer Served a Sum
mons on Mrs. Emma
Gregory.
WOMAN OUTWITS WOMAN.
The Weil-Known Lady Suffragist in
the Power of a Defrauded
Landlord.
FemiDine finesse served a novel purpose
at a meeting of the Woman's Republican
State Central Club last evening.
The proceedings had progressed to the
point of extending a vote oi thanks to the
speakers, that is, Mrs. Emma Gregory was
about to move such a vote wlien a pretty
young woman, modishly dressed and
wearing dainty short-bowed glasses, left
her place near the door from which she
had witnessed the proceedings.
"I beg your pardon. Is this Mrs. Greg
ory'."' she asked sweetly.
Mrs. Gregory smilingly answered in the
affirmative.
'•I promised to deliver this note," said
the young lady. Mrs. Gregory thanked
the bearer, who smilingly made her exit.
Mrs. Gregory did not break the seal of
the robin's egg-blue envelope until she
bad finished her speech extolling the tal
ents of the speakers of the evening, Judge
Cooney and Edgar Briggs.
When she settled back into her chair
after the five minutes' address, she drew
from the square blue envelope a big legal
document that had been doubled and care
fully placed therein. She had been served
with an order of examination and she will
appear before Justice Groezinger on the
28th inst. or be lined for contempt of court.
Mrs. Emma Gregory is a well-known
advocate of woman suffrage. She is a
member of the constitutional amend
ment campaign committee of Cali
fornia and has always raised her
voice in protest against political ine
quality. She is also one of the faction
that has come to be known as the "dis
senting Portias." Her intelligence and
education have never been questioned,
but of late there has been some expression
of doubt as to her honesty.
Last March Mrs. Emma Gregory, her
husband and her son-in-law and daughter,
Dr. and Mrs. Gregory Flesher, left a flat,
at 819 Lombard street, at the request of
their landlord, Mr. McCluskey, as they
were in arrears to the amount of $120 for
rent.
Dr. Flesher was sued for the amount, but
pleaded his inability to pay it. Mrs.
Gregory was taken to account for the same,
but said she and her husband merely
boarded with them and were not responsi
ble for the debts of Dr. and Mrs. Fiesher.
Judgment was secured for the amount
of the delinquency.
But a rumor that an expected legacy had
been received by the family became rife
and Mr. McCluskey accordingly arranged
for the issuance of an order of examina
tion. It was issued in December, but so
vigilant was the dissenting Portia and her
family that it had not been served up to
last evening. The door was barricaded at
just the proper legal height and the mes
senirers of the law always returned bear
ing the order and a dejected expression.
The pretty yoting lady was equal to the
occasion, however, and last evening she
rose to it with admirable acumen. Mrs. J.
Cooper, who served the summons, is fa
miliar with the duties of an attorney's
clerk. She also knows the habits and idio-
Byncrasies of her sex. When she learned
that Mrs. Gregory would be in attendance
at the club she inclosed the much-worn
summons, addressed to Dr. Flesher and
family in an envelope of the stereotyped
sort used by ladies who "receive" and" car
ried the coup d'etat to its successful issue
of last evening.
Dr. <.rtgory Flesher, who dropped his
own Christian name and assumed his
bride s surname instead upon their mar
riage, is in charge of the pharmacy at
Haight and Pierce streets. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2U, 1896.
JAKE RUDOLPH
WITH HIS GUN
He Has Again Started Out
to Annihilate Billy
Harrison.
RENEWS AN OLD FEUD.
Chris Buckley's Nephew Is
Afraid His Life Is in
Danger.
HE ASKS FOR PROTECTION.
The Judges and the Chief of Police
Know of No Way to Stop His
Nemesis.
Jflko Rudolph, who for years was the
guide of Christopher Buckley, the blind
politician, is out gunning once again.
It will be remembered that he took a
shot at the Chronicle's business manager
two years ago, and likewise tried to kill
Austin Fitzgerald, a politician who is
on his blacklist.
A week ago Rudolph cast his glove at
the feet of Billy Harrison, Buckley's
nephew, and challenged him verbally to
a ' ; gun light." There were people enough
around at the time to prevent bloodshed,
and Rudolph, his wrath and his gun
were packed away by Officer Harry Rey
nolds. He was not jailed, however, but
allowed to roam at. his own sweet will, to
the great discomfort of those individuals
who know that lie is in such a frame of
mind that he is iikely at any moment to
begin shooting.
Tuesday night Rudolph went again in
search of Harrison. He found him at the
corner of Market and Ellis streets chatting
with some friends. Harrison had his back
turned at the time, and Rudolph advanced
upon him rapidly with his right hand in
his pocket. He had all the appearance of
a man who was about to draw a weapon.
Harrison was notified by one of his friends
that his enemy v. - as advancing and he
turned suddenly, and the two stood face
to face. They glared at each other, and
Harrison, who had run his own hand into
his pocket, realized the danger he was in,
as he had not brought hia revolver from
his home. AVeapqnless, he felt that his
only chance for life was to stick closely to
Rudolph and attack him should he make
an attempt to draw.
Rudolph, looking straight at Harrison,
spoke as though addressing some one else,
although his allusion was plainly to the
man he was looking for. Harrison bad a
piece of gum in his mouth and Rudolph
asked: "Is there any other
around here who's got" some tutti frutti?"
Harrison was cool enough to refrain
from speaking to Rudolph, and this fact
probably prevented the opening of hos
tilities.
By that time one of Rudolph's followers
succeeded in getting him away.
In speaking of the affair yesterday Har
rison said: "Everybody tells me "to do
nothing, because Jake is crazy. That is
all well enough to talk about. If he's
crazy he should be put back in the asylum,
where he came from. Bat I don't think
he's crazy; I believe he knows just what
he is doing.
"I have been to Chief Crowley and have
told him of Rudolph's attitude toward me,
and have asked for protection, as I do not
want to be murderer!. The Chief does not
see exactly h6w he can help me out,
neither does a Judge of the Superior Court
to whom I have appealed, so I feel it in
cumbent upon myself to see that I am not
abused or molested."
Harrison was advised to have Jake Ru
dolph placed under bonds to keep the
peace.
"Why should I do that?" he asked.
"Sam llainey and pave Xeagle will go on
his bond, as they did on a former occasion,
and he will be liberated in a more aggres
sive condition than ever."
Marion Wilson, the ex-deputy sheriff,
who is as brave a man as there is in the
county, and who is a staunch friend of
Harrison, accompanied the latter in his
promenade yesterday. He spoke as if he
did not propose to allow Jake Rudolph to
run amuck or even bluff around the peo
ple with whom he associated.
Alex Greggains, the past master in physi
cal culture, is likewise a close friend of
Harrison's, and he says he does not iutend
to see his friend have anything less than
an even chance, if the conflict with Ru
dolph assumes only the proportions of a
fist fight.
GREGGAINS AND SHARKEY.
The Fireman Shows the White
Feather by Refusing to Box
the Sailor.
The managers of the National Athletic
Club, who were figuring on having an ex
cellent fistic programme for their next en
tertainment, were given a very unpleasant
surprise last evening when word came
from "Professor" Alexander Greggains,
the protector of Billy Harrison, the politi
cian, that owing to pressure of business, it
would be utterly impossible for him to sign
articles to box Tom Sharkey on the even
ing of March 6.
Gr eggains was up to yesterday "boiling"
for an opportunity to meet Sharkey in a
twenty-four-foot ring, but a change for the
worse ha3 come over the scientific and po
litical body-guard of ex-Manager Harrison,
and as a consequence Tom Sharkey will
have to look to other and better lields to
conquer.
The friends of Greggains do not think
that the ex-fireman is in the least bit
afraid of the famous pugilist of the navy,
but it is quietly rumored that Greggains,
who is a particular friend of Harrison,
will remain "on guard' r until such time as
the relative of "Boss" Buckley is satisfied
that the coast is clear of big Jakey In
dians who are on the warpath for "some
political scalps.
Palacke, the all-round athlete and swim
mer, of Australia, visited the Olympic
Club last night and was given %n oppor
tunity to try his muscle on Van Buskirk,
the heavy-weight champion boxer of the
club.
Sufficient to say that the Olympian boxed
all over the invader and would have cut
him to sleep were it not lor the timely in
terference of Manager Kennedy, who called
a halt in time to save Palacke from a funny
experience on the floor. The Australian
then tried swimming and was very easily
disposed of by Pape and Tavlor. who beat
him in a short spurt. Palack* now wants
to meet any man on the coast in a swim
ing race from Butchertown to the Faral
lone Islands. Manager Kennedy says that
if the champion of Australia will extend
the race to Santa Cruz he will meet him
for marbles or money, and that the latter
talks.
Court of Appeals.
The Court of Appeals yesterday affirmed the
decision of the lower court in the matter of
the Humboldt Lumber Manufacturers' Asso-
ciation against Olivia Christopherson. The
latter sued the association for $25,000 for the
death of her husband, who was drowned by
the capsizing of a tug belonging to the Huru
~-~~^~^~^^^~~J^^^ NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
Closed All Day . ~ T^T \j Spring
Washington's pjv ; $M i I 1 Wrf^ W\ ' IfJi \ t Opening
Birthday ! . ■ v<^> AX/^M 111 V I i^SIW WtS M \ Monda y Next *
■ "&(^ To=Day!=====To=Morrow! // z^.
6T\ XIH ' n Every Department, at Every Turn, It's ' $%\
ft REMNANTS REMNANTS====REMNANTS (?!
yi AT H ALE'S! ,'Vi
[\ THE LAST OF OUR /CT\ TO-DAY TO-MORROW ! W^ /
1 m^_______jS) ■ CLEARANCE W\%yT^^ -^"^} /AV
■ If s^?^^ •■ —
Dress Goods.
FANCY SILK, two-toned, 18 Inches wide, QXC
all new spring colorings, heavy qual- O«J
lty. Special price Yard
BLACK FIGURED SILK, black bro-
caded Taffeta, 19 inches wide, all Silk, (?AC
in medium and small designs. To DU
close at special sale Yard
FANCY SILKS— To clear our counters of
all winter styles of Fancy Silks we Qt "I .00
will offer our" $1 50 to $2 25 Hues all «J)1
this week at Yard
BLACK AND COLORED CASHMERE,
a special line of strictly all-wool, 37
inches wide Cashmeres, ull colors, in- O/^C
eluding opera shades and black. JLiJ
Special this week at Yard
BLACK AND COLORED SERGES, 37
inches wide, guaranteed all wool, fine QKC
French Serge, all staple colors and O«J
black. Special all this weeK Yard
FANCY SUITING, all-wool fancy check O^C
Cheviot, 33 inches wide, ail new spring
colorings. Special this week Yard
STORM SERGE, 48 inches wide, an all- r f\C
wool fabric extra heavy, special »>U
this week Yard
A better grade for 60c yard.
Remnants.
Remnants in Silks and Dress Ma-
terials, all lengths, some big enough
for a waist, some for fancy work.
Every piece handy for some purpose
at some time.
937=939=941=943" C/l /7 /'^t 937=939=941=943=
MARKET ST. CrtCo^VWvi/# MAPKTFT <*T
mnivivL, »j i . £ INCORPORATED. iYIAKKE 1 » 1 .
boldt line and of which he was commander.
Mrs. Christopherson was allowed $7000 by the
lower court.
«. — .» »
ASH WEDNESDAY SERVICES.
The Day of Penitence Wag Obserred
by Episcopalians.
Special Ash Wednesday services were
held yesterday in the Episcopalian
churches in this City. Three services were
held at St. John the Evangelist's, the Holy
Innocents', the Church of the Advent, St.
Luke's and St. Stephen's. St. Mary the
Virgin's Church held four services, the
Good Samaritan Mission two and Trinity,
Grace Church and St. Peters each held
the service of morning prayer.
There were no evensong services in the
various churches, as the Episcopalians hold
united services every Wednesday during
Lent.
The first of the present Lenten series
was held last night in Grace Church, at
the corner of California and Stockton
streets. The special preacher was Kev.
M. D. Wilson, who took as his text "The
Marriage of the King's Son."
At the cathedral a solemn mass was cele
brated in the forenoon, the ashes being
blessed by his Grace the Archbishop. At
St. lenatius Church the ceremony of bless
ing the ashes took place at the early hour
of 6:30 in the morning, followed by the
celebration of low masses until 9 o'clock.
The Kquitable L.ife'9 Statement.
Assets over $201,000,000, surplus over
$40,000,000. These, according to the annual
statement of the Equitable Life Assurance
Society, show the financial standing of the
society to-day. The exact amount" of the
surplus is $40,024,011 73, which is the
largest surplus of any life assurance com
pany in the worid. The wisdom of the
society, or rather of the officers who direct
it, in building up this colossal surplus is
shown In the fact of the constantly de
creasing rate of interest on high class
securities such as a life assurance company
would, or at all events should, invest in.
One of the strictest liabilities of an old
line company is the "legal reserve," which
is held by the company according to law,
to guarantee the payment of all its policies.
Hitherto this reserve has been based on
the assumption that a company can make
4 per cent per annum on its investments.
There is no doubt, however, in the opinion
of good authorities that this reserve will
have soon to be placed on a 3j^ per cent
or even a 3 per cent basis. The wisdom of
the Equitable's course is here shown by
the fact that even on the most rigid 3 per
cent basis the society would still have a
surplus of many millions of dollars over
all liabilities.
THREE OLD SUITS.
They Bested Quietly for Twenty Years
Before Being Dismissed.
Three old cases, so old that the ink in
the complaints and answers has faded to a
dull yellow, were dismissed by order of
Judge Slack yesterday.
The three old suits involved the title to
the lot on the southwest corner of Jackson
and Mason streets and the two lots adjoin
ing on Mason. One was broueht by Asa
White against John A. : Zoller, on April 16,
1868. R. P. and Jabish Clement were the
complainant's attorneys. Another was
brought by William Moore against William
D. Leavenworth, Frank Knowles and
others, through James McCabe, attorney
in June, 1857, and the third was brought
by John West against A. Meyer, in April,
1868, through S. T. and L. Reynolds, at
torneys.
The suits were dismissed' on motion of
the defendants or their representatives in
each case, the grounds being that no action
had been taken in them for twenty years.
Judge Slack accordingly ; dismissed them
all." ■ ; . ■-.'■■.' :.:-; " '■'.'■' - . '
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.'S
Teas, Coffees and Spices
Best and Cheapest. Try Them.
l'retty presents given away free.
B'J Market St., S. V. Headquarters.
BRANXiI STORES EVERYWHERE.
Notions. Furnishings.
IH^ilSi l^ Dozen long, value 75c. Sale price Garment
baiepnte Dozen long, value 75c. Saleprice Garment
aaiepnce Palr 28 to 38, value $1 25. price Garment
SATIN AND G. G. RIBBON, all silk, good assort- LADIES' SILK VESTS, L. N., N. S., OKC
mentof colors, value 8c to 162/sc. Swiss ribbed, sizes 3 and 4, regular
' No. .4c Yard No. 7. 7V cYard , value 50c. Special to. close ;... Each
No. 5.. 5c Yard No. 9... 10c Yard '
:,-,;" No. 12 12c Yard LADIES' USLIN DRAWERS, heavy
muslin, three tucks, with two rows of O^C
_.„,,„ .__ t _ embrolderj' on bottooi. Special sale £O
FANCY MESH. VEILING, plain and 1 f\C price.... , pair
dotted, black, white, navy, brown and 1U . . .
tan, value 16c to 25c. Saleprice...... Yard GENTS' MACCO COT^N SOCKS, col- "'■.
-„_ _ ,' ors tan. brown and gray, extra strong r C
•SILK HEAD RESTS, with cord and tas- Ire where it is generally necessary to JO
sels, pretty designs in assorted colors, ±0- darn, worth 25c pair. Special. Pair
value2sc. Saleprice. Each -
• — : — LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, roll collar,
FLOWER CALENDARS, poppies and prettily trimmed, very wide, full A (\C
pansles, cutout and embossed, calen- ruflle on collar, front and sleeves. ±V
dar for month under each flower, were O C Special n.ach
and 75c. Special sale price £k) !
! FRENCH IMPORTED C. P. CORSETS,
DICKENS. TENNYSON and LONGFFL- drab onl i'> heavy - French jean, real i
LOW CALENDARS, in booklet form no whalebone, plain and Venus . back,
12 pages with quotation, 5V 2 x33i i fancy silk stitched, value $3 50.. QJJI.SO
inches, regular price 18c. " Sale price'* Each bpecialsalepr.ee tj>±
Remnants. Last Days.
Remnants in Ribbons, Veilings and To-day and to-morrow left to
! Laces. Short lengths and odd pieces. i orce t *! e se llin S °J the remaining
: For h.«,rln, mlng s Uncy W of etc. JSS^TbJK^IKt pK
You will be sure to find something on dear every shelf. Furnishings at
: our remnant tables. half value. * ,
DOUBT JOHNSON'S COURSE
Miners' Association Will Make
Investigation as to His
Attitude.
The Sacramento Chamber of Commerce
Promise Heartily to Support
the Bill.
The executive committee of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association met last even
ing In the Union League Club rooms for
the purpose of considering the advisa
bility of lending the support of their body
to the Johnson mineral lands bill now
pending in Congress.
Chairman J. H. Neff. opening the meet
ing, stated that the committee had re
ceived advices from Washington to the
effect that a bill, formulated in connection
with Mr. Herrin of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company and wi th Mr. Ralston
and Mr. Ford, has been passed by Con
gress.
.Before, however, th e matter of the John
son bill was discussed resolutions were
read by Secretary Sonntag, recently passed
by the Sa cramento Chamber of Commerce,
promising hearty support to any bill be
fore Congress which would work bene
ficially to the miners and not interfere
with the interests of the farmers of the
Sacram-ento Valley.
A resolution submitted by Professor
Christy instructing the secretary of the
Miners' Association to acknowledge a. re
ceipt of the resolutions and to assure
the Sacramento Chamber of Commerce
that they would be ready to join in any
movement of development of the water
ways of the Sfate provided the rights of
the miners were reported, was unani
mously adopted. The resolutions asked
of the Chamber of Commerce copies of
the Johnson bill to be sent to the members
to study before further action was taken.
A resolution offered by J. M. Wright
was adopted authorizing the president of
the association to appoint a committee of
live of which the president would form
one to canvass the qualifications of appli
cants for commissionership under the
mineral land3 classification act.
T. J. Parsons stated that there had been
a great deal of discussion as to Grove L.
Johnson's standing toward the miners
he might support the provisions of the
bill and still be aggressively opposed to
hydraulic mining.
Air. Parsons read a clipping from a
Marysville paper stating that Mr. Johnson
was actively and aggressively opposed to
the miners. On the strength of this Mr.
Parsons submitted i resolution, which was
adopted, stating that a thorough investi
gation be made of the attitude of the Hon
Grove L. Johnson toward the interests of
the miners.
It was the opinion of Secretary Sonntaa
that Mr. Johnson was wholly on the side
of the miners and that he would neglect
no effort of advancing their interests in
Congress.
Young Burglars.
Homer Marsh, 17 years of age, and Juason
Marsh, 12 years of age, were booked at the
Seventeenth-street station last night on the
charge of burglary. Ou Tuesday they and an
other boy went to the residence of Mrs. Wedee
wood, l'2O Liberty street, and rang the bell
several times. Mrs. Wedgewood was at home,
but wanted to see what the boys would do.
T vT e u opened one of the windows "and got into
the house. She then maae her appearance and
they dashed through the window and escaped.
Appointed Market Inspectors.
Deputy Fish and Game Commissioners John
P. Babcoct and John H. Davis were appointed
Deputy Market Inspectors without pay by the
Board of Health yesterday. The purpose of the
appointments was to give the Game Commis
sioners bstter facilities for examining markets
in search of game and lisa offered for sale out
AHidh Fiver
Ivßlfiir hR *^^ Sue 9
The largest piece of
Good tobacco
ever sold for 10 cents
"THE CLEANER 'TIS, THE COSIER TIS.%
»WHAT IS HOME WITHOUT
SAPOLIO
Dll re ITCHING PILES
•lilrSK-T
STMPTOMS-MoUtcrei Intense Itchlnc and ;
lllow"d t« eoitliuc tomoni form and protrade.
which and ulcerato,bo<-om: n? r? rr
•or*. BWATNE*BOI>TME>T »top« the li<hlnc
•ad UfWlnf. heidt ulcentltii,«nd In BMttUM
: VWBove* tuwn> *»lijr9ux6rujgirt f«m j
Domestics.
FRINGED T A BLK COVERS, 8-4 size nr\C
cood quality, plain white and red UU
borders. Sale price Each
TAPESTRY, 50 inches wide, good qu»l- rAC
lty, large variety of colors aud pat- OU
terns. Sale price 40c and y ar d
UNBLEACHED CRASH, 16-inch, all /»1C
linp'h, a good heavy absorbent. Re- O4
duced from B'/yc Yard
CALICOS, indigo blue, fast colors, Tarlety r C
neat patterns, sale price 0
Yard
BLEACHED PILLOW CASES, 45x39% r>nO
inches, hemstitched, fine quality, ZU
value 30c each. Special this week. .. Each
BLEACHED DAMASK TOWELS, 22x
43 inches, all linen, colored borders, Q^C
knotted fringe, extra good, reduced ZO
from 35c each. Special .Each
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3 CAC
yards by 36 inches, white ana ecru, t)U
gooJ value for 76c. yalc price Tair
Remnants.
Remnants in Muslins, Flannels,
Calicos, Ginghams, etc. Odd lengths
from 1 to 10 yards. Enough for
many uses. Buy while the remnant
clearance price is on them.
DR. lepper'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures i: h.- n niai i 1 Neuralgia, Bruises.
Sprains, Stiff Joint, and Swellings,
IT STOPS ALL PAIN.
Alr mtrTßCTinsi «i.m i xt
ADIi •J}iil<ll''I»l!) ■ bKiiL IT
60 CKNTS ANl> 81 A BOTTLB.