VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 101.
SLAUGHTER OF
THE INNOCENT.
Proof of Great Butchery
Among the Natives
of Cuba.
KILLED BY SPANIARDS.
Tactics of Certain Officers Cause
a Reign of Terror on the
Island.
WEYLER TRIES TO CHECK IT.
Outragtous Abuse of-Power and Wan
ton Murders by Some of the
Army Leaders.
HAVANA. Cuba, March 7, via Tampa,
Fla., March 9. — Arrests of civilians under
the sweeping provisions of General Wey-
Jer's proclamations of February 16 have
been made at such a rate and in many cases
with so little evidence of guilt that Gen
eral Weyler was compelled a »reek ago to
issue instructions to his officers to be mer
ciful, as he required more proof than verbal
denunciation. Yesterday he issued a cir
cular in which he stated tt)3t absolute
proof must be furnished by other than in
terested parties before accused persons
will be deported, and warning command
er? that they will be held responsible for
false answers.
Without doubt General Weyler has in
view the effect of this order abroad as well
as here, for the manner in which Cubans
who have never borne arms against Spain
have been dragged from their homes,
from their families, their stores or their
farms and thrown into prisons with
felons and after a few days' delay placed
on board ships for what is probably the
vilest penal colony on the face of the
earth, has become a shame that cries
aloud for redress.
General Weyler upon his arrival set at
liberty a number of these civilian prison
ers whom General Pando had taßen from
their daily occupation in the (astern end
of the island. I saw twenty of them at
the palace one day. They were white, in
telligent looking and bore the appearance
of being shopkeepers or clerks. They
were not bronzed by exposure to the
weather as all are in the held. The oniy
»-viden •« against these men was a paper
purporting to be a list of the people who
were aping and communicating with the
enemy. It was made up by a Spaniard.
Since that time General Weyler has re
ieapeiJ others captured in the same way.
Hundreds have, however, been sent to
i.'euta, Africa, and to the isie of Pines,
and the arrests are increasing in number.
General Weyler has removed the alcalde
of all towns in whom he had not absolute
confidence and has appointed the ranking
military officers of reeular troops or volun
teers alcalde or Mayor. These men are
usually of the grade of lieutenant or
major. They possess arbitrary powers.
I'nder the proclamation the life or death
of any man, woman or child in their zone
is in their hands.
A large proportion of these commanders
believe We3'ler to be a man of severe
measures, a man who will quickly approve
any extreme act on their part. They look
upon his circulars as intended for effecc in
tie United States. *They expect praise
and promotion for shootiiiar war prisoners
as soon as taken. In their reports they
are careful to have the prisoners or the
peaceful citizens killed found in the field
after an engagement, but between the
lines the manner in which the victim met
his death is not difficult to decipher.
General Canella was sent back to Spain
by Weyler either for having shot down
seventeen prisoners or for having reported
"seventeen bodies were found in anoiDer
part of the field,' 1 but the man who con
fessed to his friends here and probably to
General Weyler of having killed seventeen
people in cold blood received no more
severe punishment than being deprived of
his command.
When the horrible story of the butchery
of eighteen peaceable citizens in the little
hamlet of Guaiao was published in
the United States and wired back
here General Weyler announced that
he would make a thorough ex
amination and would punish who
ever was responsible for the outrage, if
one had been committed. Two weeks have
gone by since the affair occurred and no
official has lost his stripes.
Guatao was so near Havana that Ameri
can correspondents succeeded in demon
starting the absolute truth of the story.
Dozens of reports of affairs similar in
that unarmed citizens are killed by Span
ish troops have been received here, but
the authorities have placed obstacles in
the way of correspondents so that it is im
possible to visit the localities and estab
lish the facts.
In a dozen cases refugees from towns
where fights have occurred state that after
the rebels are driven away citizens who
took no part were shot down and counted
in the official reports as dead insurgents.
The Government officials deny these
stories, and while it is common talk in
Havana that certain affairs were
butcheries, the correspodents are in most
cases obliged to accept the Government's
version.
I have visited towns where nearly every
family had fled in terror, leaving dishes
standing on the table and everything in
disorder, showing the haste in which
homes were abandoned. I talked with the
few who remained and was told that the
people did not dread the insurgents, but
fled from fear of the excesses of the Spanish
troops. On the other hand, in some sec
tions where towns have been used by the
Spanish the insurgents have burned the
whole town and the people were left home
less. Other towns which have harbored
the insurgents have been destroyed
by the Spanish troops and the wreck
and ruin which are being visited upon the
fair island of Cuba are pitiful to contem
plate. But for the warmth of the climate
The San Francisco Call.
and the ease with which life is sustained in
the tropics, thousands would have perished
ere this and the isiand wouid be a charnel
house before the end is reached. In many
towns there have bf?en no provisions for
weeks. People have lived by sucking
sugar-cane and eating plants. Fami
lies have camped for days upon the
rums of their homes in the burned dis
tricts, sleeping upon the ground nights
and crawling under a thatch during the
beat of the sun.
Those who could have sought refuge in
the cities, and the few in proportion who
had the means have escaped to the
United States, Mexico and some other
country where peaceable citizens are not
liable to summary execution.
lysunoioTs nuitx forts.
Considerable Arms. Ammunition and
I'roviaious Also Seized.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Feb. 29 (via
Tampa, Fla., March 9).— On the 2iith in
stant the rebel forces under command of
General Matias attacked the town of
.Sa>rua de Tanamo seizing after a three
hours' fight one of the forts which defend
the place. The rebels entered the fort and
seized arms, ammunition and provisions,
afterward burning the fort and several
houses. The rebels had two killed and
ninety wounded.
A rebel force of 100 men under Captain
Dominguez appeared yesterd.-iy, the 28th,
in Moron. They burned the two forts of
the place, and took with them all the
arms, ammunition and provisions they
found there. There was no Spanish gar
rison in Moron, as the Spanish troops had
left the day before in compliance with the
general order of the military Governor of
Santiago to abandon all small villages.
On the 23d inst. the rebel forces of
Brigadier Periquite Peres had an engage
ment in Ramon de las Saguas with the
Spanish column under Colonel Recas. The
Spaniards retreated, losing eight soldiers
killed and twenty wounded. Two mules
laden with ammunition were captured by
the rebels. The rebels had one killed and
seven wounded, among the latter Captain
Vega, who fell into the hands of the troops
and subsequently died from the effects of
his wounds.
Insnrgent Leaders Salvador Rioz and
Puyala, with their party, had an encoun
ter with the Spanish column of Lieuten
ant-Colonel Escudero, 700 strong, on the
24th, in Monto Oscuro, Bayamo. The
Spanish columns retired to Bayamo after
half an hour's firing, leaving three soldiers
prisoners with the rebels, three killed and
eight wounded. The insurgents had one
wounded. On the 27th a party of rebels
compelled the garrison of Fort Escondido,
near Caimanera Guantanamo, to surren
der. The insurgents blew up the fort with
dynamite bombs. The garrison was com
posed of one officer and forty soldiers.
On the 24th inst. the Spanish general
Gonzalez Nunez, with 1200 men, infantry,
cavalry and artillery, had an encounter in
La Herradura and Sal, near Manzanillo,
with the rebel forces of Mendicta, Vera
and Estrada, 2000 in number. The Span
iards retreated, leaving in the field twenty
hve killed and eighty wounded. Among
the former was Lieutenant-Colonel Lolo I
Bonitz of the Spanish guerillas, whose
body was taken to Voquita and buried
there. Amone the latter was Lieuteiiam-
Colonel Tejorizo, who was very seriously
wounded.
There was a fatal fire last night in the
town of Cristo. Several houses were
burned, and the bodies of two soldiers
were found under the ruins burned to
| ashes.
The sugar estates of San Luis and Santa
Anna have stopped grinding, all the em
ployes having joined the rebels.
HOLDISG THE BER3IUVA.
It Is Done by Detaining the Engineers as
Witnesses.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.-Captain
E-abazon, the commander of the alleged
Cuban filibustering steamer Bermuda, who
was arrested as a witness and who is under
$1500 bail as a principal, was discharged as
a witness this afternoon. He was before
the United States Grand Jury, and his
discharge is regarded as indicative of the
fact that he gave no evidence of value
against the so-called filibusters.
The engineer, assistant engineer and
steward, who were also arrested as wit
nesses, were brought before the Grand
Jury to-day and were held until next
Wednesday. It is estimated that the de
tention of the engineers and steward as
witnesses was with a view to prevent the
departure of the Bermuda, and there is
also another rumor to the effect that the
Bermuda has been re-equipped, and may
ship her anchor at any minute. 1
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 9. — George
Gomez, a Cuban soldier and nephew of
General Gomez, arrived here to-day. He
is here to arouse the interest in the Cuban
cause. He said:
'•If the United States recognize us we
will win. But we will lose all we have
gained if they fail to do this, Spain is
sending additional forces to Cuba every
day. We could meet this increase if the
United States would recognize us as a ra
public."
ATTACKS OX CO\SUT,ATES.
.No Information Can He Obtained From
Secretary Olney.
WASHINGTON. D. C, March 9.— The
news of continued attempts to attack
American consulates in Spain naturally
excites interest, but no information can De
obtained at the State Department as to
whether Minister Taylor ha 3 cabled to
Secretary Olney the facts. Gratilication »j
expressed, however, over the manner in
which the Spanish authorities are protect
ing American interests.
The statement in the United Press dis
patches from Madrid that the American
consulate at Valencia, which was attacked,
is occupied by our Consul at Denia, clears
up the mystery heretofore prevailing.
When the news came that the consulate
at Valencia was attacked. State Depart
ment officials were unable to explain the
statement, as the United States has no
consular officer stationed there. Andrew
Fay oi Illinois was recently appointed
Consul at Denia, Spain, to succeed Gen
eneral Mclvor of Alabama.
Before leaving for his post Mr. Fay ex
pressed a desire to reside at Valencia, a
much pleasanter city, and transact the
Denia business from that place, although
Valencia is geographically within the
limits of the Barcelona consulate district.
As no objection was made it is presumed
that Mr. Fay settled in Valencia and is
the United States Consul who is being pro
tected from the fury of a Spanish mob.
■ The United States has a consular agent
at Bilbao, on whose residence' an attacic is
Continued on Ifilrd Page. '
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1896.
C. P. Huntingdon— You won't catch me taking that thing any more.
It is too much like a red-hot stove.
STOLE A TRAY
OF DIAMONDS.
Cool Nerve Displayed by a
Thief in a Denver
Store.
SNATCHED COSTLY OEMS.
Pursued by a Clerk Who Fired
Shots at the Retreating
Robber.
\
DONE DURING A SNOWSTORM.
Jeweler Gottlesleben Loses About
Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars
by the Raid.
DENVER, Colo., March 9.— A tray of
diamonds was stolen from the jewelry
establishment of P. Gottlesleben on Six
teenth street at 5 o'clock this afternoon
and the thief managed to make good ,his
escape, though he was followed" for several
blocks by the clerk who had waited on
him. The cool nerve of the thief makes
the feat seem simple enough.
About 5 o'clock a well-dressed man of
medium height and age entered the store
and asked to be shown some diamonds.
At the time there were a few customers in
the store, while without a snow squall was
driving the pedestrians to shelter. The
robber stated that he wanted to buy a
diamond for his wife, and the clerk, C. H.
Leppla, produced a tray containing a large
stock of gems. Selecting one he offered it
to the robber, who took it in his hand, and
after examining it critically asked to see
another. The clerk selected another, but
before passing it over the showcase held
his hand out politely for the first one,
which was returned.
The robber suddenly looked toward a
tray of watches and suggested that possi
bly a watch would do instead, evidently
expecting that the clerk would step along
and pull out a tray of watches. Instead
of this, however, the clerk reached out for
the second diamond, with the purpose of
returning the diamonds first to the show
case. At this instant the robber drew a
small piece of board from under his coat,
and, with an oath, laid it over the tray,
which he coolly drew out of the reach of
the clerk, ana turning ran out of the door,
leaving his overcoat behind.
Leppla snatched up a revolver and ran
out, catching sight of the robber a short
distance up Sixteenth street. The robber
turned at the corner of Arapahoe and ran
diagonally across toward the alley in the
rear of the postofhee. Leppla fired one
shot, hoping to attract attention from by
standers, but no one offered to assist in
the pursuit.
Emerging into Fifteenth street the rob
ber made for the alley above. "Greek"
George, a candy vender on fifteenth street,
started in pursuit, when the robber turned
and fired a shot. The bullet lodged in the
candy vender's wrist. Leppla rired twice
on Fifteenth street, but failed to bring
down the robber, who dodged into the alley
and was lost to view.
Mr. Gottlesleben was unable to give the
value of the contents of the tray, but it
may be $5000 and it may be $25,000, but he
declined to fix upon any sum.
The police department arrested a num
ber of suspects found in the neighborhood.
That there is an experienced gang of dia
mond robbers in Denver at this time there
can be no doubt, as last week several valu
able pins were nipped in the corridors of
the Brown Palace Hotel by robbers ming
ling with the guests. Among the losers is
Hon. C. S. Thomas, a prominent attorney
of this city, whose $250 sparkler was lifted
from his shirt front.
DIAMONDS NOT ON THE FREE LIST
A Decision Rendered That Saves the Gov
ernment Over One Million
Dollars.
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 9.— The
contention on the part of a number of im
porters of precious stones that, by virtue
of paragraph 467 of the aci of August 28,
1894, diamonds are on the free list, has
been definitely disposed of in the negative
by a decision rendered in the United States
Court of Ay; eals in this district to-day.
A u-st cj ( . .. ;i > brought iv the United
States Circuit Court some time ago, and
Judge Townsend decided that diamonds
were not exempted from duty by the act
referred to. An appeal was taken by the
firm of importers who broueht the suit.
The Court of Appeals has sustained Judge
Towr.sena's decision. Something over
11,200,000 is involved in the decision, as,
bed the Government been defeated, all of
the duty paid upon diamonds since the
passage of the act of 1894 would legally
have to be refunded on demand.
RUDINI RENOUNCES HIS VIEWS.
Genera/ Ricetti Is Also Agreeable to
Continuing the War in
Abyssinia.
LONDON, Eng., March 9.— A dispatch
from Rome to the Central News sayß that
Marquis di Rudini, upon accepting the
Premiership, renounced his own views
favoring withdrawal of the Italian troops
in Africa. General Ricetti, Minister of
War, the dispatch nays, has also aban
doned the proposed reduction of the army
corps.
ROME t Italy, March 9.— Official reports
of the battle fought on March 1 between
the Italians and Abyssinians at Adowa
confirm the previous reporta of heavy
losses on both sides. Those of the
Abyssinians were enormous.
BERLIN, Germany, March 9.— Count
Goluchowski, Austrian Minister of Foreign
Affairs, arrived here from Vienna at 9
o'clock this evening.
On Wednesday he will take luncheon
with Emperor William at the Schloss.
The object of the Austrian Premier's visit
to Berlin at the present time is to confer
with Prince Hohenlohe, the German Im
perial Chancellor, in regard to the situa
tion in Italy as affecting the alliance be
tween Germany, Austria and Italy.
MARQUIS DI RUDINI, THE NEW PRfcMItR OF ITALY.
LIENS ON THE
PACIFIC ROADS
Morgan's Bill to Give Sole
Jurisdiction to One
Court.
REFUNDING THE DEBT.
Nine Government Directors to
Control the' Central and
Union Pacific.
REMOVES PRESENT OFFICERS.
The United States to Own and Operate
the Property Until Final
Settlement.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.—Sena
tor Morgan, who has been conducting
such a rigid examination of C. P. Hunt
ingdon iv connection with Central Pacific
affairs, to-day introduced a resolution
which will lie on the table and upon which
Morgan will address the Senate at a fu
ture time. This resolution directs the
Committee on Pacific Roads to report a
bill giving the Supreme Court of the Dis
trict of Columbia jurisdiction in cases in
volving the question of Government liens
on these bonded roads. It also directs
them to provide for the refunding of the
debt of both the Union and Central Pacific
at 3 per cent for thirty years, giving the
Government the right to settle the same
at the expiration of ten years if it sees fit.
both roac's to be turned over to a board of
nine Government directors, the present di
rectors to be ejected from their offices and to
suffer a penalty of fine and imprisonment
on their failure to transfer to such Govern
ment board all the deeds, papers, con
tracts, etc., that maybe in their possession
relative to the road, its construction and
operation.
These directors are to be given full
authority to establish rates and to operate
the Union and Central Pacific as a con
tinuous road. The stock is to be reduced
to the actual value of the property, and all
holder-* of stock are required to have their
holdings registered. A declaration is also
made that the United States is in posses
sion of the property and that it will oper
ate the same through its board of directors
until the debt is lifted.
JVO CIIAXCE J-OR SETTLEMENT.
Receiver Anderson Talks About the Union
Pacific's Ih-hta.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 9.— Ellery
Anderson, receiver of the Union Pacific;
Alexander Millar of Boston, secretary of
the system, and Lawrence Greer, epre
senting heavy bondholders of the s road,
arrived to-day from the East. Receiver
Anderson is here to attend hearings before
Master in Chancery Cornish. About the
prospect of reorganization of the Union
Pacific road Mr. Anderson said:
"The Union Pacific is making very slow
progress with Congress. There have been
an endle33 amount of explanations, propo
sitions, consultations, but nothing satis
factory can be agreed upon. I estimate
that the chances of securing any legisla
tion at present are done for. All parties
interested cannot agree on any practicable
plan of settlement. One proposition which
has been made public is that made by
General Hubbard of the Central Pacific, by
which the Government will apply the
sinking fund of $6,000,000 to the payment
of the principal in'currency sixes, without
applying any part of the same to ihe inter
est. The company then agrees to take up
the currency sixes, amounting to $21,000,000,
and would give the Government 2 per cent
income fifty-year bonds to adjust the in
terest, which is about $35,000,000. The
same proposition applied to the Union Pa
cific would result in the application of
$15,000,000, the amount in the sinking
fund, to that amount in currency sixes,
leaving the reorganization to par $19,000,000
and also to adjust the outstanding arrear
ages of interest, about $35,000,000, with 2
per cent income bonds.
"The proposition is favorably received
by the commission, and I am satisfied
would be accepted by the company, but I
am not able to see, personally, where the
Central Pacific is going: to get the $21,000,
--000. I am emphatically in favor of the
plan and think it is the most intelligent
and fair way bf coming to a settlement.
The Government can get more money out
of it than in any other way, and it is the
best plan for tue company. It is a good
square basis of settlement, but there is
only one thing not in its favor, and that is
that it won't pass."
EARTHQUAKES IN MEXICO
Shocks That Caused Great Fear
and Consternation Among
Natives.
All of the Trouble Attributed to the
Volcanoes of Colima and
Vicinity.
COLIMA, Mexico, March 2. — Colima
and vicinity felt the two largest earth
quakes ever experienced in Mexico last
night. The first was the largest, lasting
over sixty seconds. The second, coming
four hours later, was not so severe, last
ing only thirty seconds.
The confusion was ereat, not only among
the people, but with the animals and
fowls. The people all left their houses
and could be seen kneeling on the street
with uplifted nanas. Many houses were
totally demolished, while in others the
plaster was torn off and tablea, safes and
chairs upset.
The cause for these earthquakes can
only be attributed to the volcano Colima.
This volcano, which has always been in a
quiet state of action, is now quite violent,
there being now, besides the large one,
three smaller ones surrounding it, which
are also in eruption. The cause is at
tributed to this because in the towns close
to it the shock was far moie great and
severe.
The natives have become so terrified
that many are leaving the city for fear
the volcano will become more active. The
lava which issues forth from the moun
tain has run down the side to a greater
distance than it was ever known to before.
COVLI* AOT HE HOCKED.
Naval Officials Annoyed by an Accident
to the Indiana.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— A dis
patch received at the Navy Department
this afternoon reported that the battle
ship Indiana had met with a slight acci
dent to her machinery today while leav
ing Hampton Roads for Port Royal, S. C,
which would prevent her from being
docked at that place on Thursday next.
Tbe accident consisted in the bending of
her valve stem, and several days will be
required to make repairs. There is much
disappointment over the delay at the
Navy Department, as the high tides neces
sary at Port Royal to allow the Indiana to
go into the dock will not be again avail
able for some time and the docking may
be further postponed.
The new Government drydock at Port
Royal is the largest of its kind in this
country, and naval officers have looked
forwanl with much interest to placing the
Indiana in it, the largest warship in our
navy. The docking is in the nature of a
test, but officials of the Navy Department
are confident that the Indiana can be
placed in the basin successfully without
injury to dock or ship.
To Sight for Printing.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9. -A Hsrald
special from Macon, Ga., says: Advices
from Dublin state that there is strong
probability of a duel between Thaxton,
editor of the Courier, ana Thompson, edi
tor of the Populist Transcript, published
at Sylvania. The trouble is over the
Lauren- County printing.
Sheriff Joiner of Lauren's is a Populist.
There is no Populist paper in his county,
and he has been sending bis official notices
to Sylvania. Thaxton has fought Joiner
and his editor bitterly on this account. He
went to Dublin Saturday night, and the
result was a formal challenge.
Treasury Gold JCcservr.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness stood to-day at $126,411,209. The
withdrawals for the day were f 99,500.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEVASTATION OF
ST. KITTS ISLAND
Riotous Strikers Set Fire
to Property and Loot
the Stores.
PLANTATIONS IN ASHES.
Overseers Beaten and Killed and
Many Flee to Vessels
to Escape,
ENGLISH BLUE-JACKETS LAND.
British Squadrons Sent For, but in the
Meantime Lawlessness
Prevails.
BOSTON, Mass., March 9.-G. Osborne
Grant, general secretary of the Loyal
Guianese Union of America, received the
following advices to-day from British
Guiana:
A general strike took place yesterday in
the West Indian island of St. Kitts among
the boatmen, porters and estate laborers
which culminated in a general riot
throughout the island. The principal
buildings were destroyed by tire set by the
rioters. Stores were looted of their stock,
sagar plantation managers and overseers
were severely beaten and a good many of
them killed. Some had to escape aboard
vessels lying in port in order to save their
lives.
Sugarcane fields were burned in all the
parishes. The damage done to property is
considerable, and the sugar industry is
jeopardized greatly, and the whole island
is in a state of bankruptcy. The rioting
has increased and the local authorities are
handicapped and entirely unable to cope
with the rioters. Her Majesty's ship of
war Cordelia, which was lying at a
neighboring island at the time, was sent
for, and arrived in port last night and
landed all the blue-jackets and marines
that were on board, but order was re
stored only in certain sections of the city.
Business is completely suspended.
The rioters, who were compelled to re
treat before the British marines and blue
jackets, have joined in the country dis
tricts in beating and killing sugar planta
tion authorities, and destroying ma
chinery, buildings and canenelds on sugar
estates. The riot act was read, but this
did not help matters any.
The British West India and North Amer
ican squadrons have been sent for, but it
will be some days before they can g«t the
vessels together in St. Kitts harbor.
The trouble is due to low wages. There
are no troops in St. Kitts, with the excep
tion of a corps of volunteers, which is in
sufficient to handle the riot.
. St. Lucia is the nearest military station
where troops could be obtained, and the
authorities have telegraphed there for a
detachment of troops, which is expected
to arrive in time to save the entire destruc
tion of the island.
A good many of the special constable*
who were sworn in yesterday joined the
rioters last night, and nothing can be dono
until the arrival of troops from St. Lucia.
The gigantic steam yacht Susitania ar
rived in Barbadoes yesterday, having on
board Arthur Chamberlain, brother of
Hon. Joseph Chamtjeriain. and seventy
other tourists, including several notabili
ties. The steamer is making a round trip
throughout the West Indies.
The Hamburg-American liner Columbia
arrived in Barbadoes with tourists from
New York yesterday.
SUFFERING OF ARMENIANS
American Donations Barely Keep
Six Thousand Persons
Alive.
Many Christians Have Forsworn
Their Faith to Keep From
Starving.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, March
9. — The American donations are barely
keeping alive 6000 of the Armenian suffer
ers at Marash. The allotment to each per
son is only six pence weekly. The lead
ing men of the place are still in prison.
The correspondent describes their tortures
and sufferings, which were suspended
when the consuls thronged to Zeitoun, but
which were renewed after they had left.
Refugees from Zeitoun are specially vic
timized by the Turks.
A letter from Marash to Mersina thanks
the officers and crew of the United States
warship Marblehead for their donations,
and attributes the safety of foreigners to
the ship's presence. Tne situation at
Aintab was never more hopeless than now.
The Governor tells the Christians that
their only chance of security is to abandon
their religion and become Moslems.
Most of the Christians in the villages
north and east of Aintab nave forsworn
their faith. Four thousand persons are in
absolute destitute circumstances and will
undoubtedly perish unless aid is sent
to them. The distress at Oorfa is so great
that even the distribution of a penny to
each family absorbs a large sum. The
weather is the coldest that has prevailed
in Anatolia for years.
Were Sot Murdered.
CHICAGO, 111., March 9.— The bodies
of the man and infant found in an alley
last nieht at Forty-eighth street and Indi
ana avenue in a horribly mutilated con
dition have been identified. There was no
murder, as was supposed, but the bodies
were dumped into the alley by a medical
college to save the expense of burial. Toe
man was Edward Joseph Cummings, 72
years of ape, who has a wife and son living
at 313 Fortieth street, and the infant wa-i
the child oi Mrs. John McDonald, wile of
a painter.2
OPPOSITION OF
SENATOR HOAR
Argues for a Postponement
of Resolutions Relating
to Cuba. |
ARE NOT BELLIGERENTS
Says the Natives Have No Gov
ernment and Are Strag
gling Bands.
_
GIVES GRANT AS AUTHORITY.
Believes the Views of the Great j
General Should Apply to the
Present Situation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— The
Cuban belligerency resolution as reported
from the conference conmittee did not
have the plain smooth sailing in the Senate
to-day which the resolutions of the same
import had when they were reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations. At
that time there was practically no obstacle
interposed to them, but to-day when the
conference report was taken up in the Sen
ate it was attacked by Hale- of Maine in a
two hours' speech of gseat force and earn
estness, and then it had to eive way to a
question of still higher privilege than a
conference report— that is, the right of
each State to be represented in the Senate
of the United States. That question is di
rectly involved in the report of the Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections, to the
effect that Dupont is entitled to the vacant
3eat in the Senate from the State of Dela
ware.
The negative of that proposition was
asserted to-day in a speech by Turpie (D.)
of Indiana, one of the minority of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
His contention was that Mr. "Watson,
while acting Governor of Delaware, was
still in law and in fact a Senator in the
State Legislature and had a right to vote
in the general assembly, and that his vote
being counted Mr. Dupont had not a
majority of all the votes cast.
The question may come up to-morrow
whether tins report of the conference
committee is not a matter of higher privi
lege than the claim to a seat in the Senate.
Sherman, it is understood, holds that it is,
but if the decision should be otherwise,
and if there be any real desire to defeat or
postpone tha Cuban resolutions, the Du
pont case may be used as a parliamentary
meaiiS for aoing so.
There were large crowds in the galleries
at the opening of the session this morning
in anticipation of action and discussion of
the Cuban resolutions. The chaplain's
prayer was terse and comprehensive. It
was comprised in a single sentence an-l
was an invocation to the divinity to
"stretch out thy right hand to be a de
fence against all our enemies."
Numerous petitions were presented from
the States of Delaware, South Dakota, Ar
kansas and Kentucky in favor of recog
nizing God iv the constitution of the
United States.
A bill for the punishment of offenses on
tie high boas (revolt, mutiny, assault and
riot ) was reported from the Judiciary Com
mittee, and was, after some opposition on
the part of Call (D.) of Florida, passed.
Dubois(R.)of Idaho reported from the
Committee oa Public Lands a bill, which
he explained as one meeting the objec
tions of the President and of citizens of
Arizona to the bill on school lands, re
cently passed by Congress and vetoed by
the President. He said the report was
unanimous and that he would ask action
upon it very soon.
Cockrell (D.) of Missouri gave notice of
his purpose to address the Senate to-mor
row on the question of amending the reve
nue biil.
At 1 :10 r. m. Sherman (R.) of Ohio called
up the conference report on the Cuban
resolutions.
Thereupon Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts
offered a resolution, which went over
under the rules, that the consideration of
the conference report relating to Cuba be
postponed until Monday. April ti, and that
the Committee on Foreigu Relations be
directed to report the facts which, in its
opinion, justify the adoption of such reso
lutions with the evidence therefor.
Hoar also offered a resolution, which
was agreed to, requesting the President to
communicate to the Senate (so far as not
incompatible with the public interests) all
the facts in his possession relating to the
existiug conflict in the island of Cuba, and
especially such as effect the interests and
.duty of the United States in the premises.
The conference report on the Cuban con
current resolutions having been laid before
the Senate Hale (R.) of Maine spoke in
opposition to it. He was one of the few
Senators, he said, who had voted against
the concurrent resolutions reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
he had seen no reason since to regret his
action, and should vote against the con
ference report.
All the reasons that he gave since then
had grown in strength. The conditions
existing did not, he believed, justify a
recognition of those in rebellion against a
friendly Government as belligerents. The
inflammatory appeals of Senators, based
upon statements that were not corrobo
rated, were not sufficient to persuade him
to act other than he had acted. Subse
quent events and later information only
proved, Hale said, the justness of the posi
tion he had assumed.
Hale then reviewed the history of the
previous insurrection in Cuba and the ac
tion of the House then, winch was almost
identical with that had at this time. For
tunately for the country and its peace,
General Grant was in the Presidential
chair at the time and refused to take the
action urged by the House. General Grant
was as great a lover of liberty, Hale said
as was any member of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and knew prooably a
great deal more about the subject of bel
ligerent rights. The message he sent to
CongrMl was such a clear expression of
ti.'- law that the resolution of the House
went for naught and all the excitement
was at once abated.
Hale «aia he did not intend to speak at
length upon the subject, but would be
conttf.t to cite quotations from President
<iruiit'!i message, which, although sent to
•M doting the previous insurrection,
wae as applicable to the present day as
though it hud been freshly laid on the
desk of the presiding officer of the Senate.
iiule theu seat to the clerk's desk and
[ had read extracts from the message of
I President Grant referred to. If any dis
! passionate man were to-day to make a
! review of the conditions in Cuba no lan
| guage could better portray the present
! situation there than the language of Gen
eral Grant, he said. It was characterized
! by good sense, patriotism and clear dls
• cernment. His doctrine of belligerency
i should, Hale said, be accepted to-day as
! the doctrine of this country.
Tiie insurgents in Cuba to-day had,
Hale asserted, no government except on
paper; they hold no courts; their power
is seated in straggling bands — in strag-
g ling camps. It has not only not won a
' battle, but has not fought what can be
j called a battle. It is a clear case of pure
I guerrilla warfare. There was no compari-
I son between the conditions in Cuba and in
the Southern States during our rebellion,
when foreign governments recognized their
i rights as belligerents. The Southern
States held at that time undisputed
possession of a vast territory; the States
' had set up their own government, organ
ized courts of justice, mobilized armies
and sustained a navy. Not one of these
details had been secured in Cuba by the
insurgents. The recognition granted them
by foreign governments was done in
courteous language and not through the
passage of insulting resolutions.
Hale wanted to know why it was that
such a considerable portion of the press
was seeking to drive Congress to take
some action; why such a strong senti
ment on the part of the American people;
why such a large vote in the Senate, in
view of the actual conditions as they ex
ist in Cuba. Hale said it was because Con
gress and the people had been informed
falsely of the situation in Cuba, and told
oi things that did not exist. The debate
in the Senate showed, Hale said, an in
genious attempt to connect the Spanish
Government and Spanish military officials
with the barbarities and outrages that
were alleged to have taken place in Cuba
during the previous rebellion.
Hale referred to the book from which
Sherman read the other day, and, after as
serting his continence in* Sherman's belief
in the honesty of the publication, stated
that it now turned out that tne book was
an anonymous publication, translated by
a newspaper and published as a pretended
statement of fact. It was in reality an ab
solute, mendacious falsehood. Had he
voted in favor of the resolutions before in
the light of subsequent information he
would gladly change his vote, and record
himself against the resolutions.
Hale sent to the clerk's desk to be read
the statement of Minister Dupuy de Lome
of Spain, published in the newspapers rel
ative to statements made in the debate by
the United States Senators.
Davis (R.) of Minnesota objected on the
grounds that it was not permissible for a
communication from any foreign Minister
to be read by or read before the Senate un
less It came to the Senate through the reg
ular channel — the State Department.
Hale expressed his surprfse at the objec
tion.
Teller (R.) of Colorado said this was the
first time during his service that anything
coming from a foreien Minister had been
sought to be read before the Senate with
out having been transmitted through the
only department that has official relations
with the diplomatic corps.
Fvye said he hoped the point of order
would be withdrawn, and it was agreed to
by Davis.
Hale continuing, interspersed his re
marks with numerous newspaper clip
pings, giving statements on both side of
the question, tending to show that acts of
cruelty were not confined, to any particu
lar side in the conflict. The policy of the
insurgents was, he said, not war. It was in
cendiarism, outrage, barbarism, savagery.
He would give no vote to aid men engaged
in such murderous business as this. The
question how long should this sort of thing
be permitted to continue before the United
States interfered was, Hale said, the very
question that was asked over and over
again during our rebellion. We were al
ways confronted with the danger that for
eign governments would intervene and
recognize the^ndependence of the South,
if we aid not suppress the rebellion our
selves. Whenever the Union troops met
with a defeat, that question was asked us.
Sherman, interrupting Hale, said that be
fore a single battle was fought, the govern
ments of Spain, France and England,
recognized the belligerency of the Con
federates in language identical with the
first clause of the resolution submitted in
the conference report.
Under all the circumstances, Hale said
the attitude of Spain was one of proper
dignity. He had no doubt there was mis
government in Cuba, but it was not ap
plied and localized alone in Cuba. It was
found in all the governments of Central
and South America and in Turkey. It
was not the duty of the United States to
endeavor to correct all the misuses of
power in the world. The United States
should not incite war by inflaming a
friendly power. He had been disturbed
and made anxious by the growth of the
desire to aggress, to incite trouble and the
building up of tbe imagery of war rather
than of peace. It was militarism, and
Hale deprecated it. When militarism took
possession of the minds of a great people
that people, no matter who they were,
would soon be within the grasp of a strong
military dictator. He did not look upon
this, however, as an immediate danger.
At 3:07 the conference report on the Cu
ban question was laid aside until to-mor
row, and Turpie (D.) of Indiana proceeded
to address the Senate on the Dupont case,
TOlcing the view of the minority against
seating Dupont. Without closing his ar
gument Turpie yielded for a motion to go
into executive session, and at 5 p. m. the
Senate adjourned until to-morrow.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
further Consideration of the Postoffice
Appropriation Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.—
Among the bills passed to-day under
unanimous consent were the following:
Limiting to 10 cents per copy the maxi
mum price for copies of patent specifica
tions.
Changing the time for holding terms of
court in San Francisco.
To print 20,000 copies of the book on
agriculture by the Department of Agricul
ture.
Hendrick (D.\of Kentucky was assigned
to the Banking and Currency Committee
in place of Cowen (D.) of Maryland.
Chairman Daniels gave notice that he
would, on Wednesday, call up the con
tested election case of Aldrich vs. Robbins,
from Ihe Fourth District of Alabama.
District of Columbia business and the
further consideration in committee of the
whole of the postotfice appropriation bill
occupied the rest of the session. Without
disposing of the latter, the committee rose
and at 5:15 the House adjourned until to
morrow.
Director Situs Kemoved.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— The
members of the New York Mining Ex
change to-day by vote removed George V.
Sims as a director. He was charged with
failure to meet his engagements, and with
refusal to make an accounting for moneys
received by him for the exchange.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896.
SUDDEN DEATH
OF A STATESMAN
Senator Weissinger Passes
Away From Political
Strife.
REGARDED AS A MARTYR
His Last Words Request That
Colleagues Stand by
Sound Money.
HURTS BLACKBURN'S CHANCES.
The Vacancy in the Kentucky Legis
lature Cannot Be Filled
This Session.
FRANKFORT, Ky., March 9.— Senator
Weissinger died at 11:30 o'clock this morn
ing. The joint session of the Legislature
at 12 o'clock was held merely in formal
compliance with the law. When called to
order, Carroll arose and explained that an
agreement had been reached by which
only two member? for each side should
vote. Senator Bennett voted for Boyle
and Senator Bronston for Blackburn. The
others failed to respond to their names
with the exception of Poor, who voted for
Pettit in order that the Populists might be
represented. The session then adjourned
until noon to-morrow.
The vacancy caused by the death of Sen
ator Weissinger cannot be filled in time
for his successor to take Ms seat. The law
requires eight days' notice for such elec
tion, and the Legislature ends by legisla
tive limitation on March 17.
Senator Weissinger, shortly before his
death, was visited by many of his col
leagues of both houses, and among the last
words he uttered to those of his own finan
cial views was a request that they stand by
their sound money principles to the last.
The promise was given to the dying Sena
tor, and whatever hope the free silver
Democrats have been cherishing of the
election of Senator Blackburn will never
be realized. Senator Weissinger's friends
look upon him as a martyr and will never
desert the cause for which they claim he
died. Senator Weissinger's death re
moves one of the most prominent
figures in the upper house of the Ken
tucky Legislature, and one of the most
determined opponents of the return of
Senator Blackburn to the National coun
cils. He was the head and front of the
nine "sound money" men in the Legisla
ture who refused to go into the "caucus"
which nominated Blackburn, and have
steadfastly refused since to vote for him
under any circumstances. At several
stages of the contest Mr. Weissinger could
have elected either Blackburn or Hunter.
Mr. Weissinger was about 48 years of
age and unmarried. He was born in Tay-
lorsvilJe, Spencer County, Kentucky, where
his family have long resided. After gradn
ating at Harvard he studied law at the
university of Louisville, and began the
practice of his profession in 1872. He took
hiiih rank from the start among his col
leagues and the public in general, and
has ever since been on the ascending
grade, and at the time of his death was
ranked with the leaders of the bar of Ken
tucky. His election to the senatorsljip
was his hr3t appearance in public life, and
he fully demonstrated his abilities and
firmness of purpose, and his strict integ
rity of character in the brief career allotted
to him. He was the leader of the opposi
tion to the Goebel bill to repeal the South
ern Pacific charter, and made a strong
speech against its passage.
The Legislature has adjourned out of re
spect to his memory.
FOB A THIRD PARTY.
All Arrangement! Made, but a Name
Aot Selected,
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 9.—Prepara
tions were completed to-day for the con
ference of political schismatics to be held
at Old City Hall Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday of this week, at which time it is
expected that all schisms will be cast aside
and a new united third party will be pit
ted against the two great political bodies.
The name of the new party has not yet
been made public, but its platform will
embody two broad principles — tbe equal
coinage of gold and silver at a ratio of 16
to 1 and the abolition of the liquor traffic,
perhaps through t!ie Swiss system of initi
ative an d referendum. Among the speak
ers will be Jacob b. Coxey of Commonweal
fame.
The party's National Convention is to be
held in Pittsburg May 20, 21 and 23.
HOLCOMB IS FOJR ALLEN.
But He Appreciates Peffer'a Effort* in
Hi* Own Behalf.
LINCOLN, Nebr., March 9.— Senator
Peffer's indorsement of Governor Holconib
as a Populist candidate for President,
brought a response from that gen tleman to
day. Covernor Holconib said:
"The mention of one's name in. connec
tion with a position so exalted is an honor
to be highly appreciated. I am not.however,
a candidate for President. I believe, how
ever, in standing up for Nebraska, and am
of the opinion that she has an illustrious
citizen well qualified to perform the func
tions of this most important office of the
Government more satisfactorily to the
great masses of the people than any Presi
dent since the days of Abraham Lincoln. I
am for Senator Allen and believe him to be
the choice of the people of Nebraska and
I predict his unanimous nomination at St.
Louis, July 22 next."
To Elect Campbell's Successor.
CHICAGO, 111., March 9.— Chairman T.
N. Jamieson issued to-day a call for a
meeting of the Republican State Central
Committee in this city next Thursday
morning, for the special business of elect
ing a successor to the late William J.
Campbell as National Committeeman and
to transact any other business. Edward
K. Brainerd, a wealthy contractor of this
city, is a candidate for the position, out if
Chairman Jamieson wants it, there is not
expected to be any opposition to his elec
tion.
Curtis lie nominated.
EMPORIA, Kans., March 9.— The Re
publican convention of the Fourth Con
gressional District this afternoon declared
Charles Curtis the unanimous choice of
the Fourth District to succeed himself in
Congress. A motion that the Fourth Dis
trict delegates be instructed to vote first,
last and all the time at the St. Louis Con
vention was adopted. The financial ques
tion was straddled.
2/ie Third Fatality.
61. LOUIS, Mo., March 9.-Richard
Lannigan, an insurance agent, aged 32, one
of the injured in last night's streetcar
collision, died this evening. This is the
third fatality.
Applauded McKinley.
WICHITA, Kans., March 9.— At the
opening of the Seventh Congressional Dis
trict Convention to-day Chairman Elliott
in his address characterized McKlnley as
the grandest statesman of tue age since
the immortal James G. Blame. At e?ery
mention of McKinley's name the conven
tion broke into tremendous applause. A
resolution was passed which declares for
free silver.
THOMAS FOX GETS THE PLUM.
Defeats Russ Stephens in the Prolonged
Race for the Sacramento Post
mastership.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., March 9.—To
day Thomas Fox was appointed Post
master at Sacramento. He is the Sacra
mento agent of the Pacific Insurance Com
pany. The contest was between R. D.
Stephens and Fox. Stephens was Post
master during Cleveland's tirst adminis
tration, and witli the advent of the pres
ent administration he applied for re
appointment, but Representative Cami
netti recommended Leake, who was
appointed. Leake resigned to accept a
more lucrative situation at San Francisco.
Mr. Stephens has been here for several
weeks looking after his own candidacy,
and, inasmuch as he had supported Presi
dent Cleveland at National conventions,
was hopeful of being appointed; but Mr.
Fox was indorsed by Sacramento County
and the municipal Democratic committee
and by Senator White and Representative
Grove Johnson.
BALLIXGTOy BOOTB.'S ARMY.
The Ami Religion* Organization Xow
Foirly Started.
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 9.— The new
religious movement on similar lines to the
Salvation Army, to be led by Ballington
Booth and his wife, may now be said to be
fairly started. Ballington Booth appeared
at his new headquarters^ in the Bible
House to-day and at once began to get
the work of organization under way. A
name for the new movement has not yet
been decided upon, and it may be several
days before that is settled.
There is also doubt as to just what uni
form will be adopted. The indications
are, however, that a dark blue costume
and black slouch hats for the men will be
chosen.
OPPOSED BY MR. DILLON
Says That England's * Increased
Navy Is a Menace to the .
United States.
This Statement Is Refuted and the
Estimates Submitted Are
Approved.
LONDON, Eng., March 9.— ln the House
of Commons to-day Joseph Chamberlain,
Secretary of State for the colonies, said
that strong representations had been made
on behalf of Canada opainst'the perma
nent« exclusion from Great Britain of
Canadian cattle. The Government,
the Secretary said, had the matter under
consideration. - \ ,
John Dillon, Nationalist, asked if there
was any foundation for the statement that
five British warships would arrive in a
short time at Cnracoa.* •
William McCartner, Secretary of the Ad
miralty, replied in the negative. He said
that as far as he was aware the Govern
ment had no intention of dispatching war
vessels to Curacoa. »
The House resumed the discussion of
the naval estimates. John Dillon, the
leader of thf> anti-Parnellites, and William
Redmond botli contended that the naval
proposals were intended as a menace to
the United States, and for that reason
every Irishman would oppose them.
The Right Hon. George Goschen, First
Lord of the Admiralty, declared that the
statement was absurd. Mr. Dillon, added
he, was desirous of creating in the United
States animosity toward Great Britain, of
which happily there was no indication in
the American newspapers.
Continuing, Mr. Goschen said that the
naval programme was settled in Novem
ber last, before any of the events that had
caused the recent anxiety had occurred,
and were deliberately framed upon the
policy that had long been pursued. It
was not intended to attack anybody unless
Great Britain was first attacked.
The Government entertained no idea of
an adventurous course anywhere on the
globe. It merely desired to be prepared
for possible eventualities.
Walter Hazell, advanced Liberal mem
ber of Leicester and treasurer of the Peace
Society, asked the Government to make a
pronouncement in favor of international
arbitration.
The Right Hon. A. J. Balfour said nobody
would be pleased more than himself to see
international arbitration established, and
steps thereto would be taken.
It was carried by a majority of
216, the division showing 261 members in
favor of it to 45 against.
Look Out for the Jialloon.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, March 9— The
chief commissioners of the Hudson Bay
Company here have been asked by the
Government of Sweden to prepare the
natives in the far northern districts of
Canada for the appearance of the balloon
in which the Swedish explorer, Andree,
and his companions are to make an effort
to reach the north pole. The company is
sending pictures of the balloon to the na
tives of the polar regions, telling them
they need not fear to approach it, and that
they will be rewarded for assisting the ex
plorers.
One Yacht foundered.
THYERES, France, March 9.— The
weather thus far during the international
yachting regatta has been such as to ren
der the sport very unpleasant. At Mar
seilles the rough weather rendered the
racing difficult and even dangerous, and
the same conditions have prevailed since
the yachts came here. To-day the racing
programme was stopped altogether by the
bad weatner, and one of the French yachts,
the Mignon, owned by M. Francois Bes
sede of Marseilles, foundered. One of her
crew was drowned.
The Grand Duke Escaped.
BERLIN, Germany, March 9.— Floods
are reported in the Rhine, Saar and Neckar
rivers. At Freiburg, Baden, the heredi
tary Grand Duke, accompanied by Coun
cilor Siegel and Director Sonntag, was
watching the work of salvage from a
bridge over the Triesam River when the
bridge collapsed. Herren Siegel and
Sonnta^ were drowned, but the Grand
Duke was saved.
William to Meet Humbert.
BERLIN, Germany, March 9.— The
Neuste Nachrichten says that Emperor
William wno will shortly go on a cruise in
the Mediterranean will meet King Hum
bert at Naples, not Genoa as previously
stated.
GIVES INDIRECT
INFORMATION.
England's Attitude Toward
the Venezuelan Boun-
dary Commission.
THAT BIG BLUE BOOK.
Evident That Diplomats Are
Ready to Pose as Amicus
Curiae.
THREE COPIES SENT OVER.
But Evidence Relating to Disputed
Territory Remains in Oiney's
Possession.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— Four
copies of tbeVenezuelan Bine Book reached
Washington yesterday, having been sent
in advance of their publication in England.
One came to Sir Julian Pauncefote, ex
clusively for his information and not, as
was expected, to bo presented by him to
the Venezuelan Commission as the British
case. The other three copies came to the
State Department from Embassador
Bayard, to whom they were given by
Lord Salisbury over a week ago, it is sup
posed, simply as an act of personal cour
tesy to the Embassador, as the State
Department officials are most mysterious
about the matter and deny all knowledge
of the book.
In the meantime the Venezuelan Com
missionhas to depend for information on
the subject to the full abstract cabled to
the United Press last Friday. The copy of
the document received at the British
embassy is in appearance a very imposing
affair with its accompanying maps and is
evidently prepared with the direct end in
view of the consideration by such a judicial
body as is constituted in President Cleve
land's commission.
Each chapter dealing with the various
phases of the question closes with a con
cise statement of what is demonstrated
and the entire work seems to have been
accomplished in a most painstaking, care
ful manner. Those who have seen it say
undoubtedly it is an exhaustive statement
of Great Britain's claim and that it could
not be extended in any particular if Eng
land had consented to arbitration and had
expressed a willingness to let her case
stand or fall on the evidence therein pre
sented.
The fact that but one copy of the Blue
Boot was sent to the British Embassador
here, who alone would be the vehicle of
communication for such a document to
the United States Government, and the
extreme reticence of the State Department
regarding the three copies which were
transmitted unofficially by Secretary Bay
ard confirms the impression that England,
while declining to recognize in any direct
manner the creation by President Cleve
land of a commission to designate the
true divisional line, would in Justice
Brewer's words in his letter to Secretary
Olney inviting information from the two
governments, "act the. part of an arnicas
curia;" and be willing to throw light upon
difficult and complex matters of fact. To
that request, which the commission made
January 15, Venezuela responded by for
mally appointing counsel and promising
all the evidence obtainable.
Lord Salisbury's acquiescence, accord
ing to best reports, was confined to per
sonal assurances to Mr. Bayard that Great
Britain's case would be fully made up for
the information of Parliament and that
the entire world would then be in posses
sion of every argument upon which
England's claim to the territory was based.
As appears from the .United Press cable
grams the preliminary edition of the Blue
Book on Friday, when it was delivered to
Parliament, was totally inadequate to
supply the demand, not more than a hun
dred copies being available for distribu
tion. Ttys may account for only one copy
being forwarded to Sir Julian Pauncefote
and only three to Secretary Olney. Some
speculation has been set afloat as to what
Secretary Olney intends to do with his
copies.
- Naturally he would wish to keep one for
his own information, as it replies more
fully to his famous dispatch of July 2 last
than did Lord Salisbury in his two re
joinders of November 2(3. Another copy
might go the President informally, merely
as a matter of interesting literature, but
the destination of the remaining copy is
not yet permitted to be guessed at.
The Venezuelan Commission, which
would under ordinary circumstances be
thought to be the most appreciative re
pository for the tnird copy, claims to be
utterly dependent upon the United Press
cablegrams for information regarding the
contents of the Blue Book. Although in
tended more for the consideration of the
commission, whose appointment brought,
it forth, than perhaps for any other body,
all the copies but one now in this country
are apparently shrouded in the most im
penetrable mystery. The hope, however,
is held out by those in authority that the
next official mail from London, arriving
in Washington next Saturday, will bring
additional copies and that the commission
may then be able informally to get the
exact terms of the British argument, th«
evidence in all likelihood having already
been discovered through the commis
sioner's laborers in the past two months.
In the meantime the Venezuelan side of
the case has not been presented, nor is it
positively known that it has been com
pleted, although ex-Minister Scrugg has
been introduced officially to the commis
sion as counsel for Venezuela.
It AID OJV MOOXSHIfrjEnS.
Considerable Shooting During the Seizure
of Stills .
NEW YORK. N. f ., March 9.— A Jour
nal special from Scottsboro, Ala., says:
One of the largest moonshine raids on rec
ord in the South was made here Saturday
by Deputy Internal Revenue Collector
Logwood and Deputy Marshal Skelton.
Two stills and nine moonshiners were cap
tured at one haul. The revenue officers
started out early Friday morning to locate
the still and while on Sand Mountain
about 12 o'clock they saw the light of the
sill about a mile below them. During the
onslaught, which lasted fifteen minutes,
no less than twenty-five shots were fired
and one of the moonshiners was fatally
injured.
After the shooting two of the officers be
gan to break up the stills. While on guard
Deputy Skeltoa captured four men from
the pang. The stills were splendidly made,
of copper and of eighty gallon! capacity.
The moonshiners were taken to B«ottsboro
and locked in jail.
Flan for Jteorganxzatim*.
BOSTON. Mass., March 9. -The Boston
News Bureau says: The plan for reorgani
zation of the Oregon Short Line and Utah
Northern Railway Company will be offi
cially issued to-morrow. It calls for fore
closure and the formation of anew com
pany, to be known as the Oregon Short
Line Railroad Company. It preserves the
entire sy torn and also the control of the
Oregon Railway and Navigation stock
which is secured by $13,000,000 collateral
trust bonds, the new Short Line Company
paying the assessment on Navigation
stock. The annual fixed charges of the
new company are $1,853,270, as compared
with $2,738,570 for the old company.
Kiltrd by Stolen Foicder-
CHATTANOOGA, Ten>-., March 9.—
A bucket full of powder and twenty-tive
pounds of cartridges, which had been
stolen by convict miners, exploded in the
Durham (Ga.) coal mine Saturday after
noon, killing two neeroes and injuring
several more. Four hundred convicts are
employed at the Durham mine, and in
stead of digging coal with picks, powder
is used. The negroes stole the powder to
make their work easier.
Sailed Around the World.
NEW LONDON, 009 H., March 9.— The
steam yacht Eleanor of the New York
Yacht Club, Scott, master, and William A.
Slater, owner, arrived^in this harbor this
afternoon from a trip around the world,
having been absent since October 27, 1891,
in which time sue traversed 42,406 nauti
cal miles, and did it almost without mis
hap, only trifling delays having been ex
perienced during the entire voyage.
Failure of a State Bank.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 9.— The State
Bank of Bloomfield at Bloomrield, Knox
County, Nebr., closed its doors to-day. Mo
statement was obtainable, bur the failure
was probably caused by slow collections.
TRAFFIC WAR RESUMED.
Methods of the Southern Pacific
Opposed by Trunk
Lines.
Giving First-Class Sleepers on Sec
ond-Class Tickets Is Not a
Proper Practice.
CHICAGO. 111., March 9.— The immi
grant commission war between the South
ern Pacific and the lines which are mem
bers of the Western Immigrant Clearing
house is now on as vigorously as ever,
negotiations for the purpose of inducing
the Southern Pacific to join the clearing
house having been oflicially declared off
indefinitely when advances had been
made by Huntington's road for a confer
ence here on the question. The combined
roads will carry the fight into Europe,
which is the principal prolific field of ope
ration for the Southern Pacific immigrant
agents.
Chairman Caldwell and the committee
of the Western railroad passenger officials
who went to Montreal to get the Canadian
Tatinc and the Grand Trunk roads to
gether on the troublesome dispute of al
lowing differentials to the Canadian Pacific
on business to North Pacific coast points,
returned to Chicago to-day and reported
success, with a fair prospect of permanent
settlement.
Both roads agreed to restore the rates to
the old basis March 20, and within the
next thirty days the Canadian trunk lines
will try to agree on the amount of differ
ential which is to be allowed to the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad, although the Grand
Trunk contends its competitor should not
get any. If no agreement is reached in
that period, or if the Canadian Pacific re
fuses to submit the question to arbitra
tion, then the Grand Trunk will return to
the present status.
As chairman of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association Mr. Caldwell to-day
ruled that the Southern Pacific .Railroad
had no right to sell California tickets from
Albany, N. V., and other Eastern points
and furnißh first-class sleeping-car tickets
to second-class passengers as far as Chicago
or Cincinnati, on the ground that no tour
ist sleepers are run between these points
in connection with its trains. This prac
tice had aroused the ire and vigorous pro
tests of other transcontinental lines, as it
made a reduction of almost $y in the rate
of $82 25 from Albany to California.
Purify
Your blood now, because this is the time when
your blood most needs cleansing. The impuri-
ties accumulated in winter must certainly be
driven out if you would have good health this
Spring and Summer. The blood must be given
new vitality if you would have good appetite,
perfect digestion and escape that tired feeling.
The best Spring Medicine, nerve tonic, appe-
tizer and strength builder is
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
Prepared only by C I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass.
U nnr l> c Dillc are the onl >' P ills t0 take
1 1UUU » rllla w j tQ uood's sarsaparilla
a Watcir— ]
. SENT POSTPAID :
IN EXCHANGE FOR 100 COUPONS, :
OR. IF YOU PREFER, j
FOR 2 COUPONS AND $1.00 IN CASH. :
The watch is nickel, good timekeeper, quick stem wind and set. You will " !
nnd one coupon inside each 2 ounce bag and two coupons
inside each 4 ounce bag of
BLACKWELL'S GENUINE
DURHAM TOBACCO. ;
Send coupon* with name and address to •
BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO CO., Durham, N. C. Q
Buy a bag of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read the JJ
coupon, which gives a list of other premiums and how to get them. Q
2 CENT STAMPS ACCEPTED. £
■ ■■■■■■■■■M|M.,MM ! ,,MJ^,imm ! ,MMg||^-
TOO MUCH WATER
Not a Bit Like a Kentuckian Fs
This Caiifornian.
Danger In the "Pu-e Fluid," Al-
though the Prohibition-
ists Say Not.
"THE DEMOX RUM" IS ONE THING OF
earth that is being continually flayed. For
variety of enemies nothing can begin to equal
it, for from the pulpit, the press, the woman
suffragists, the Populists, the many "purity"
parties, and goodness only knows how many
other sources comes a never-ending flood of
tirade that ought to "flabbergast" even a de-
mon. But it doesn't seem to. The arch fiend
is us plainly in evidence as ever, and there is
not a particularly brilliant hope for his ex-
tinction in the immediate future. The advo-
cates of his extinction— in all 'heir variety-
avow that water is the "drink alone given to us
by the Supreme Being." If so, there are times
when that heavenly fluid must, at any rate, be
used with much moderation. Disbelievers in
this are Invited to consult Mr. K. C. Taft of
Stowe. Cal. This very worthy man was af-
lhcted by the Hand of Providence with an ex-
crutiatingly painful as well as most malignant
disease. He applied to the grand old Hudson
Medical Institute, and. although his disease
was quite dangerous, he was of course cured.
They make no mistakes and no failures there.
But after going back to his work, Mr. Taft wag
a little bit indiscreet — he drank too much
water. But tnat has all been rectified now. Ho
tells the story in the following interesting let-
ter:
STOWE, Cal., Ausust 20. 189").
Hudson Medical Institute, San Francisco. Ca .—
(Gentlemen: I am.feelinsj fin>i without aslgziof
disease now. ,Lasl week, though, while I was work-
lughard. I swear and drunk a Rood deal of water.
Thtn. when I ur i.a ■■<!. I felt .< coldness, but after
I rested and cooled up it uou'd leave me. Outside
ot that T feel asyouni,' as I ever did, and this is all
through the skill of the physicians of the Hudson
Medical Institute. I can never say enonth. iv your
praise for wLat you have don for me. I received
some of your circulars, and 1 sliall take pleasure in
handing them around amonc tneucis and sufferers.
Youri very truly, k. C i A 1- l .
Mr. Taf t was a very sick man when he applied
for treatment, but he hus found the relief that
thousands of others from all over this great
country have. The files of testimony that aro
in possession of the management of the Hud-
son Medical Institute is simply wonderful.
Here are a few excerpts:
S. M. Hooker ot Los Angeles writes: "I now
feel as though I am cured and a well man."
F. Minturn of St. Louis, Mo.: "I desire to ex-
press my sincere thanks for the careful and
conscientieus manner in which my case has
been treated by you."
E. W. Fowler of Kamele, Or., writes: 'I am
feeling as good now as it Is possible for a man
to feel."
S. J. Bailey, Weaverville. Cal.: "I will now
state that after two months' treatment with
you I feel fully restored to health."
Testimony of this sort is very pleasant for the
great specialists to be receiving daily in great
volumes, and it shows that if you have a cura-
ble disease there is no place where you can get
such SATISFACTION and PROMPT help as at
the HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
All the Following Cases Are Curable:
Catarrh of the head, stomach or bladder; all
bronchial diseases; ail functional neiroua
diseases; St. Vitus' dance; hysteria: shaking
palsy; epilepsy; all venereal diseases; all
kinds of blood troubles; ulcers: waste of vital
forces; rheumatism; gout; eczema; all skin
diseases, from whatever cause arising; psori-
asis; all blood poisoning; varicocele; poison
oak; lost or impaired manhood; spinal trou«
ble; nervous exhaustion and prostration; in-
cipient paresis; all kidney diseases; lumbago;
sciatica; all bladder troubles; dyspepsia; in-
digestion; constipation; all visceral disorders,
which are treated by the depurating depart-
ment. Special instruments for bladder trou-
bles.
Circulars and Testimonials of the
Great Mudyan sent Free. V
f=Vnd for "A Knowledi?eof the Kidneys, j
Write tor a "Book on the Liver." l'B£|>.:.
j
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.
WEAK lI EN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should send at
fiff^a ■ onco for a book
. it©? * ■*.; that explains how
/**^/k . full .manly, vigor
1 /w~~2**v is easily, quickly
\V, Try < j§V and permanently
-«^rrl *&&( ~*v<rffiV restored. No man
Sr*^*— ?**£&&)s suffering from
I / nWSTrwyfk weakness can af-
tS-^Jtigr'/ /l<*ft»/ ford to ignore this
\f y<^- \v iifsh timely advice.
•iS^V UL -^Ljk^i/V v ßook tells how
fc-*^ — * — — ■^"^*^**Dfull strenKth, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
: proofs (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERIEMEOICALOO..BUFFALO,N.y.
"[ STHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUS
eyes and fit them to Spectacles or Eyeglassai
wita Instruments of his owq iaveutlon, watu
•Bperiorlty has not beon equaled. JMLy auod«U 44i
ii*«ndue to the merits ot my worifi.
Otlica lluui.j— iJ. ioU.il
VVAGOi\S. CARRIAGES 41ft HARSESS.
iHS^> Fifty per cent saved!
' Factory prices— .Send
J*l* j l Tijjjflßyr" > '^ Cafrlages..sloo to *•_'() I
>TjHj>*|gSHK!x/\ Wagons $50 toSIOO
pSjißjalKßi^ftlj*/! 1 We ship everywhere.
California ■ Vt|OD ani
■ "* *— J»SsH»4^i / C } Fremont st., 5. F.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
ARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-A l^
\j law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo>
alte Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Fell st. - Tel»
phone 670. Residence telephon*, "Pine 2&01."IMPRISONED IN
SWARTHOUT PASS.
Rancher Lawrence Hemmed
In by Walls of
Snow.
HE TARRIED TOO LONG.
Delayed a Trip to the Valley
and the Recent Storm Cut
Off Escape.
RESCUERS SENT TO HIS AID.
When Last Seen His Larder Was Al
most Empty and He Was Threat
ened With Starvation.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., March 9.— ln
Swarthout Canyon, a desolate mountain
pass about twenty miles east of here,
Charles Lawrence is hemmed in by snow
on Lis little ranch. Doubtless he is ont of
provisions, for when last seen his larder
was about empty, and he was preparing to
leave for safer shelter in the valley. The
snow is from six to eight feet deep in the
canyon and the rancher cannot cut his
way through the barrier that in a single
night cut off his escape. But for the fact
that he had a cow which he could have
killed, if necessity had demanded its sacri
fice, his death by starvation would seem
inevitable.
A rescue party was sent out this morn
ing by order of the Board of Supervisors to
bring Lawrence out of his perilous posi
tion if possible. When the snow com
menced falling last Tuesday his neighbor,
William Guffy, who lives three miles dis
tant, determined to get out of the canyon
at once, and drove over to Lawrence's
house to have the rancher leave with his
stock for the valley, to remain there until
the storm was over. Lawrence said he
■would follow Guffy on Wednesday. At
that time the snow was four feet deep, and
on Tuesday night there was a heavy fall.
Lawrence, having voluntarily delayed his
goin*;, was now forced to remain against
his will.
At the time Guffy left Lawrence had
only a sack of potatoes and a little flour,
and was feeding the potatoes to his horse
and cow. Without aid it is impossible for
the rancher to make his way out through
the snow, and he has probably ere this felt
the pangs of hunger. The rescue party
cannot return before Tuesday, as Ihe can
yon is twenty-rive miles distant, and for
over half the route the snow is so deep
that traveling will be exceedingly difficult
and, it is feared, impossible.
SLAUGHTER OF
r THE INNOCENT,
Continued from First Page
reported to have been made yesterday.
He is Sydney I. Dyer, an Englishman, who
was appointed to the position from Spain.
He 13 probably engaged in business in
Bilbao, as his income from his duties as
consular agent amounted during the last
fiscal year to $370 only.
BVRX Ay A3l ERIC AX FLAG.
Spain's Riotous Students Are let on the
Rampage.
MADRID, Spain, March 9.— Quiet pre
vailed in the city of Valencia to-day.
More arrests were made of persons who
took part in yesterday's riotous demon
strations.
At Bilboa the manifestations against the
United States were resumed to-day. A
large crowd of rioters proceeded to the
American consulate and stoned the gen
darmes who were guarding the building.
Nine of the guard were severely injured.
Keinforcements were hurriedly dispatched
to the consulate, and upon their arrival a
charge was made upon the mob, which
was quickly dispersed. A score of the
rioters were wounded by the gendarmes
and six were arrested.
The Heraldo says that the Hon. Hannis
Taylor, the American Minister, is about to
send his family away from Madrid. Their
baggage was taken to the railway station
to-day.
The students at Salamanca paraded the
streets to-day hooting and making other
demonstrations against the United Slates.
The Governor tried to pacify them, but his
efforts were in vain. The crowd stoned
the gendarmes, who finally dispersed them
after they had burned an American flag.
During the riotous proceedings several
persons were injured.
JtEMOXSTRAXCE OF JttERCHAXTS.
Protests Agaxnst Action of the United
States Congress.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 9.— Merchants,
political leaders and citizens generally
have signed remonstrances against the
action of the American Congress in the
matter of acknowledging the rebels as bel
ligerents and also against the speeches de
livered in the Senate regarding Captain-
General Weyler.
Jose Gregorio Delgado, who was said to
oave been killed in a tight on the Morales
•state, is not dead, but severely wounded.
Kemarkable quiet prevails in this city 1
despite the reports of what is being done
in Spain and Washington. No ex- ;
citemenl is observable at the hotels or
in the business districts. There is some j
talk among the Spaniards of a heated na- j
ture, but no open manifestations against j
Americans.
A masked ball was held at the Tacon
Theater last night. It was the largest of
the season, fully :iOOO persons, including a
number of Americans, being present. The
gayeties continued until a late hour.
Reports have been received of numerous
small encounters in the different prov
inces There has been no engagement of
■ufficieat importance to be called a battle. >.
rzAXTJLTiosa DESTROYED.
Insurgents of Cuba Continue to Apply
the Torch.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 9.-After
a stormy pasttfp of eight days the British
steamer' Viceroy, Captain Rollo, has ar
rived at this port irom Cuba, and brings
word of the further destruction of planta
tions by the insurgents.
When at a place called Vita, near,
Gibara, three men from the interior came
aboard the vessel and sold milk. They had
got through the lines of the insurgents
In some way, but on their way back to the
interior they were captured by the insur
gents and hanged.
TVUXG AMERICA RETALIATES.
Students in a Nebraska School Tsar Vp
a Spanish flag.
LINCOLN, Nebr., March 9.— Students in
the eighth grade of the Park School to
day at a supposed pre-arranged signal
made a rush for the Spanish tlag which
hangs on the walls, pulled it down and
tore it into shreds. The teachers were
hardly given time to interpose objections,
even were they so disposed.
Ao Mercy for Mrs Maybrick.
LONDON, Exg., March 9.— The Daily
News will to-morrow say that Sir Matthew
White Ridley, the Home Secretary, after a
careful examination of the additional evi
dence submitted to him has decided that
no alteration should be made in the sen
tence imposed on Mrs. Florence Maybrick,
tne American woman, who is undergoing
life imprisonment on conviction of hav
int; poisoned her husband.
General limit h Returns,
LONDON, Eng., March 9. — General
Booth, commander of the Salvation Army,
arrived in London this morning from
India, where he has been visiting in the
interest of tbe army. He was met at the
railway station by the chief officers of the
organization, and after an exchange of
greetings he proceeded to a hotel.
Caused a Slump in Kaffirs.
LONDON, KBG., March 9.— On the Stock
Exchange to-day a sensational rumor that
Cecil Rhodes, the Prime Minister of Cape
Coloey. had been arrested caused a slump
in Kaffirs. It is considered improbable
that there is any truth in the rumor. Mr.
Rhodes left Suez on February 9. He was
going to Beira.
VICTIMS OF A MADMAN
One Man Killed, Three Seriously
Wounded and Many Others
Also Shot.
Every Person Who Attempted to
Interfere Fired Upon by the
Lunatic.
BROCKVILLE, Oar., March 9.— One of
the most terrible tragedies ever enacted in
this vicinity took place here to-day. A
maniac with a eun got loose on the streets,
and as a result one man is dead, two are
fatally, three seriously and several others
slightly wounded.
It was shortly before noon a man named
La Pointe appeared on Perth street armed
with a gun. No attention was paid to him
until he suddenly and without provocation
opened fire on an old man named Peter
Moore, who was approaching. The old
man fell to the ground dead with a bullet
iv his brain.
Chief of Police Rose, who was near by,
heard the shot and ran toward the scene
of the shooting. As soon as he appeared
La Pointe fired at him. The charge struck
him in the Dreast, inflicting a wound that
will undoubtedly prove fatal.
The next victim of the maniac was an
Indian, who came within shot and who
received a bad wound. Then Constable
Lindsley, who had been informed of the
scene, took a hand in the fight. He ap-
proached the place cautiously and found
La Pointe standing in the street and shoot
ing at everybody he could see. Lindsley
got a shot at him, but missed, and before
he could get another shot La Pointe shot
him in the head and neck, and he fell,
fatally hurt.
By this time all that part of town was in
a ferment, and it was evident that the
only way La Pointe could be overcome
would be to shoot him. A man succeeded
in getting into the house opposite the
place at which La Pointe was standing.
He fired at the crazy man from ah up
stairs window and brought him down.
But before La Pointe fell he fired a last
shot in the window from which he had
been shot, but fortunately without effect.
When he fell to the sidewalk he was
quickly overpowered and jailed.
In addition to those who were killed or
badly wounded he succeeded in shooting
six persons, inflicting wounds that will not
prove serious.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Senator Perkins' Bill to Regulate Liquor-
Selling in Alaska.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.—Sena
tor Perkins to-day called upon the Treas
ury Department concerning the applica
tion for the remission of the penalty in the
case of the San Francisco vessels the
Bowhead and Winchester. The Secretary
will return on Wednesday, when the case
will be taken up and disposed of.
The bill of Senator Perkins relative to
hquor-selling in Alaska was introduced by
him in the Senate to-day. It provides for
a license of $600 per year in towns of 1000
inhabitants or over, and for $400 for towns
of less population.
The money so raised will be devoted to
the public schools and public roads. Only
those who hold licenses are permitted to
import liquor into the Territory or to
manufacture it.
The Senate Committee to-day reported
favorably upon Perkins' bill to erect at
Monterey, Cal., a monument to the mem
ory of Commodore A. D. Sloat.
The House to-day passed Representative
Barbour's bill chancing the time for hold
ing court in the Northern Judicial District
of California.
Representative Hilborn to-day presented
a petition of citizens of Alameda County
praying for the passage of Johnson's bill
placing a protective duty on agricultural
staples.
The name of the postoffice at Tibbotts,
Inyo County, has been changed to Aber
deen.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— John F. Woodward,
Santa Monica; Hugh McMyers, North On
tario; William B. Sturges, Selma; James
L. Whipple, Los Angeles; Reuben Meeks,
Boulder creek. Additional — Charles B.
Fenn. Avenal. Increase — James If. Smith,
Sacramento; Varnum Westcott, Soledad.
Oregon: Original — Joseph E. Ferris,
Shaw; John B. White (deceased), Port
land. Original widow — Sarah White,
Portland.
Washington: Original — David Burton,
Cora.
no mix a rioys n v cle r eland.
A List of Presidential Appointments Sent
to the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.— The
President to-day sent to the (Senate the
following nominations: Postmasters, Cal
ifornia — Thomas Fox, Sacramento: Mary
Bryce, Winters; Josephine J. Gaffney,
Los Gatos; Lizzie M. Calder, Willows.
United States Consuls— Clement J.
Dietrich of Marland, at Nantes, France;
Richard L. Miller of Virginia, at Hull,
England; Ethelbert Watts of Pennsyl
vania, at Hnrgen, Switzerland.
To be Indian Inspector — John Lane of
Washington.
Sergea nt Joseph Dripps, Eighth Cavalry,
and William F. Creary, Third Infantry,
and Corporals Edward T, Hartman, Sev
enth Infantry, and Howard W. French,
l'u»i Cavalry, to be second lieutenants*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1898.
CLOSING OF A
SAN JOSE BANK
The Commercial Fails to
Open Its Doors for
Business.
NO ALARM IS FELT.
Embarrassment of the Institu
tion Believed to Be Only
Temporary.
DEPOSITORS WILL NOT LOSE.
President Murphy Says the Concern
Is Solvent— Commissioners
in Charge.
BAN JOSE, Cal., March 9.— The Com
mercial and Savings Bank of San Jose
failed to open for business this morning.
The following notice was posted ontne
bank doors:
San Jose, March 9, 1896.
The Board of Directors of this bank have found
it advisable in the interest of all persons affected
that this hank: suspend its business and go into
liquidation, which is therefore done.
The ussets of the bank aro largely in excess of
its liabilities, and in the judgment of the officers
the demands of all the depositors and creditors will
be paid in full. J. T. McUeuoheoan', Cashier.
The immediate cause of the suspension
was the refusal by the institution's San
Francisco correspondents, Donohoe, Kelly
& Co., to honor a couple of its checks.
The bank had loaned ao closely to the
limit that this action caused temporary
embarrassment, and liquidation was
deemed advisable.
The Commercial and Savings Bank is
one of the oldest in the city and among its
officers and in its directory are some of
the wealthiest and best-known men
of San Jose. Their integrity and
financial standing is deemed a perfect
assurance by every one that every
dollar in the institution is safe. The bank
has a capital stock of $1,000,000, with $300,
--000 paid up in United States gold coin.
Aside from this there was $25. r ),000 in the
surplus fund at the last annual meeting.
This has since been increased to $280,000
and the bank has $580,000 from this source
alone. The actual resources in all are
$1,100,000 while the total liabilities are only
$686,000. Thus it wilJ be seen that all the
depositors are safe, and the stockholders
as well.
The officers are: B. D. Murphy, presi
dent and manager; James W. Findlay,
vice-president; J. T. McGeoghegan,
cashier; Henry Philip, secretary. All
of these gentlemen are stockholders. Other
prominent men of the city are large stock
holders.
The banK went through the distress of
1893 without a tremor. It simply needs a
little time now, according to those who
know the inside facts. The officers of the
various banks of the city express utmost
confidence that the embarrassment is
merely temporary, and that the
depositors will be paid| in full and
the stockholders be out nothing. They
point to the great wealth of President
Murphy, and do not think the temporary
suspension of the bank will cause any ap
prehension or excitement among the peo
ple of the county.
J. W. Findlay, vice-president of the
Commercial and Savings Bank, in an in
terview said:
"The bank will pay every dollar it owes;
every dollar due, whether to depositors or
correspondents, will be paid in full.
We have been accommodating our cus
tomers with loans, and we have
loaned up very close. The conditions
which have caused the action taken
have been brought about by our
San Francisco correspondents, Donohoe,
Kelly & Co., refusing to honor a couple of
our checks. This action was unexpected
and we were not prepared for it. This re
fusal is due to a recent change of officers
in that institution. We are so closely
loaned to the limit that we deemed it best
to go into liquidation. There is not a
shadow of occasion for any one to feel
alarmed.
"We have telegraphed| for the Bank
Commissioners and they will come at once,
as we understand. It is now expected
that by to-morrow a detailed statement of
the affair can be given the public through
the Bank Commissioners.
"Everything in connection with the
bank is absolutely square and straight.
There is nothing in any way wrong with
the books, its resources or accounts. Free
loans to our customers, and inability to
collect at once when our checks were re
fused unexpectedly are the causes. We have
abundant resources in high-grade securi
ties to meet every cent of our obligations.
"I wish especially to urge depositors in
the savings department not to sell their
pass books. To do so might be to suffer a
discount loss and it is foolish to discount
the deposit one cent, as every cent will be
paid that their books call for.
"There is another thing which I will
say in justice to the other banks of this
city: We do not owe any bank in San
Jose one cent. So our closing our doors
makes no difference to them since we
neither owe them nor they us."
"We have suspended payment not on
account of any lack of ultimate resources
to liquidate our indebtedness, but because
of the lack of funds immediately available
to meet demands," said Cashier J. T. Mc-
Geoghegan. ''This course was taken by
the officers of the bank not because
there has been any failure, but simply
to prevent a crisis that might lead to
a failure and loss. We closed our doors
in order to prevent an occasion for forcing
us to the wall on account of a lack of re
sources. As far as the securities in the
present status of affairs are concerned,
there is no possible doubt that there is
more than once or twice over sufficient to
pay any liabilities. The action of the
Commercial Bank does not affect any
other bank in San Jose."
Rush McComas, president of the Garden
City Bank, said: "As a fact it will be just
a temporary difficulty. Mr. Murphy owns
$250,000 worth of real estate. I have
known his property, that lying
between Santa Clara and Mountain
View, for thirty years, and I consider it
worth at least $120,000. Then he has a one
sixth interest in the great Santa Margarita
ranch in San Luis Obispo County. Nego
tiations are now being conducted with an
English syndicate for the sale of this very
valuable property. He owns property also
in Santa Barbara County.
"The president of the bank is a wealthy
man. His honor has never been im
pugned in the county. Ido not think this
matter will affect any other bank in this
town."
H. W. Wright, the president of the
Union Savings Bank, said: ''Although
they have decided upon liquidation, every
body will be paid in full, and there is no
cause for alarm. There is no possibility
of anybody losing a dollar."
Mayor Paul P. Austin, manager of the
Security Savings Bank, said: "I have no
doubt that the condition of the affairs of
the bank is such that it will result in no
loss to anybody and there is no reason for
depositors to worry. I believe it to be only
a temporary disaster. The final outcome
will not result in loss to depositors,
the same probably applying to stockhold
ers. The occasion which led up to thi3
step is purely within the bank itself,
purely an internal affair. There are no
banks in the State in a better condition
to-day than the banks of Santa Clara
County."
J. E. Auzerais, cashier of the Safe De
posit Bank, on behalf of the president, de
clared he was satisfied the depositors of
the Commercial Bank would be paid in
full. It will affect none of the other banks
in town, and things will quickly resume
their normal condition. The officers of
the other banks expressed themselves
with equal confidence regarding the ab
sence of any cause for alarm on the part of
the public of this city.
In an interview with a Call representa
tive, B. D. Murpby, the president of the
bank, said: "As regards the important
action taken, it may be said simply that
after due deliberation the directors of the
bank deemed it advisable and for the best
interests of all parties concerned — stock-
holders and depositors. The best business
sense that could be brought to bear
upon the situation pointed to a sus
pension in order to liquidate. A
number of large loans have been
made, for which the securities are
perfectly sound and good. The parties
owine the bank were unable to raise
money immediately in response to a call
upon them. The demand of some deposi
tors upon the bank in consequence could
not be met. Under these circumstances it
was deemed best to go into liquidation in
order to prevent a sacrifice ot securities.
With time the depositors will be paid in
full and a handsome balance will remain
for the stockholders.
"The Bank Commissioners are now on the
ground and will make a thorough investi
gation of the affairs of the institution. As
soon as they complete their work the
statement will be given to the public. It
is unnecessary at this time, only in the
way of reassuring the depositors and other
creditors, to emphasize the fact of the sol
vency of the bank. The statement of the
Commissioners will speak for itself and
there is no possible doubt that there
will be fully as favorable a showing as
could be claimed even by the most san
guine official of the bank.
"During the investigation by the Bank
Commissioners the Board of Directors
will meet and consult upon the situation
every day. After the report of the Com
missioners is furnished, a working com
mittee will be appointed. The notes and
other securities will then be taken in
hand and realized upon as fast as business
prudence and care to avoid needless sacri
fice will warrant. Of course so important
a step was not taken by the directors with
out due deliberation and consideration of
every interest involved. A phase of the
situation which is fortunate forcommercial
interests in San Jose is that our bank had
no possible connection with any other in
the city. It does not owe any other bank
in town anything, nor did any of them
owe us a cent."
Bernard D. Murphy is one of the best
known public men in the State. Many
Democrats of California have long regarded
him as the ideal candidate for Governor,
but somehow he has always fallen a
little short of a party nomination for that
high office. He has been honored with
the office of Mayor of San Jose, State Sen
ator from Santa Clara County and often
the position of chairman of the Democratic
State convention.
The Murphy family is one of the oldest
and richest in California. B. D. Murphy
is supposed to be worth very nearly a mil
lion dollars, but recently he has felt the
need of ready cash. The Murphy ranch of
5000 acres at Mountain View is said to be
worth $150 per acre.
The ability of the bank to pay depositors
and protect stockholders is not questioned
by men who are familiar with the resources
of the institution.
BARRON CASE COyTiyVEIi.
The Mulatto's Claim Not to Be Heard
Until the Will Contest Enda.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 9.— Judge Rey
nolds this morning made an order con
tinuing the suit of Edward Andrew Bar
ron, the mulatto claimant to the Barron
millions, until after the contest of the will
of Edward Barron by George E. Barron
has been decided. The order is as fol
lows:
The issues arising upon the complaint of
Edward Andrew Barron, claiming to be heir to
said Kdward Barron, deceased, having been
set for trial upon stipulation of said parties
herein.it now appears to the court that said
issues are not in a condition to be tried, and it
is ordered that the case be stricken from the
calendar. It being claimed by plaintiff that the
pending contest of the will of Edward Barron,
deceased, is merged in this contest, and it be
ing contended by counsel for George E. Bar
ron that issues arising on the complaint can
not be tried until the contest of the will of Ed
ward Barron has been decided; and counsel
for other defendants insisting that the issues
arising on this complaint should be tried with
out reference to the will contest, and which
must be decided before a distribution of the es
tate shall be tried, such issues arising upon this
complaint that can be tried before the contest
of the will is disposed of will be set for trial as
soon as they are in a condition to be tried, not
earlier than May 1 next.
Fired by Incendiaries.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 9.— At an early
hour this morninK an attempt was made
to burn a vacant house on White street,
near the Alameda. The fire was discov
ered and extinguished before any damage
was done. The under portion of the rear
porch had been soaked with coal oil and
there were other evidences of incen
diarism.
Port Townaend Factory Reopens.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., March 9.—
The steel-wire nail works, one of the larg
est on the Pacific Coast, after being closed
down for the past eighteen months, will
resume work to-morrow. The machinery
will be operated day and night, and the
output will be 800 kegs of nails daily.
Manager Lively now has orders for 100,000
kegs of nails.
Vortland'it Schoal Election.
PORTLAND, Or., March 9.— The Amer
ican Protective Association candidate for
School Trustee, J. P. Finley, was defeated
by R. K. Warren in to-day's election by
689 votes. The contest was one of the
most exciting ever held in the city.
Women turned out in large numbers to
vote, and schoolchildren were preasedinto
service to canvass for candidates.
Modesto Guardianship Decided.
MOD"ESTO, Cal., March 9.— Superior
Judge Minor to-day rendered a decision in
the guardianship case of little Sallie Cobb,
who was brutally beaten about six weeks
ago in San Francisco by her father, known
as George St. Clair. The decision gave
the guardianship to her uncle, Thomas
W. Joimn. j
NOGALES GUARDED
BY GENDARMES
Mexican Troops Sent to
Repel a Threatened
Invasion.
SANTA TERESA'S FLANS.
Her Force May Have Already
Crossed Into the State of
Sonora.
APPKOACHES ARE WATCHEr.
Customs Collector Webb Receives Or
ders From Washington lo
Be Alert.
NOGALES, Ariz., March 9.— Every pre
caution is being taken to frustrate the de
signs of Lauro Aguirre and Flores Chapa,
who, with their follower?, are on
their way to the Mexican border to organ
ize a revolution against the Mexican Gov
ernment. The Governor of Sonora has
ordered the gendarmes to hold themselves
in readiness to head off the revolutionists
should they attempt to enter the State,
and a company of gendarmes arrived at
Nogales tbis morning under the command
of Kosterlitski, to guard this port. It is
believed the route taken by the would-be
revolutionists from their headquarters at
San Jose, near Solomonville, Ariz., is up
the San Simon Valley, only t\yo ('ays' ride
from the San Bernardino ranch, where
they will cross the boundary into Mexican
territory from San Bernardino; they will
likely pass along the Sierra Madre range
of mountains to the headwaters of the
Yaqui River, there to unite with the Yaqui
Indians, over whom Santa Teresa, the ad
viser of Aguirre and Chapa, bas great
power.
The Mexican authorities here have little
to say about the affair, and attempted to
divert public attention by deekirinc: that
there is nothing more serioub in it than a
big smuggling scheme. Colonel Fener
chio of the Mexican army says the whole
party will be killed before it pets thirty
miles into Sonora, if the plotters cross the
line.
Aguirre for some time edited the Inde
pendent at Nogales in the interest of
Santa Teresa, and the Mexicans do not
take much stock in his ability to lead a
revolution; but Chapa is a bright fellow,
who was at one time editor of a revolu
tionary paper at El Paso, Texa*. and was
one of the leaders of the Garcia revolution
in Mexico, on the Rio Grande, several
years ago. He, with a iot of the discon
tented and defeated Garcia revolutionists,
have made their headquarters In and
around Solomonville, Morenci, Clifton and
the upper Gila River Valley in Aiigonia
- 4WOCMAMCC9 I U -
\j*- ' 'i ' lifil^ £*^**-s'rs %.yk/\ feSfirKx^^^^SflsfVS Unlill! 11 1 111 Itl EIxLSI ILI
Jtv^v^ ' f?« •'? _;' •« £J^3|^~^^|^^^^^^H B^^^L Vl JM lunßfUVHirill^Kaul(li>l
'•' ' " . Sw^OBwH^EBmSB lifliJlfW(i[llfllftftr4f Mil
A FOKTTWATS COMEWATTOB 09 tB llwlßuliilllfylßVlllt
Most £f7£CTlvb nOiin^siiitiilßTPKirlrl
lixivcT .Kidney Remedy I ijiKmi I [[[■BwrHi
! Blood PnTifler, \ illlKmSiill
g'f.QTa.acSi Regplator a^<l nii{m» lllllfiufliK
! "Vepetabl© I*aamtlye Hilllmtlllrliitfffffiflll
In existence. A compound of thejuices HH^Sit I illlliTWfll
of Vegetable Alteratives indigenous to iiifl Hl HI nlffillf [HI
rr.'.TAP.nD OIW.T VT li'lHllin rvliiHß^Ml f Fil
j EDvTIIT 7/\ JOY Col£?As7 #: ||j In |||j(||
San* Francisco, Caupoavi^ Imiiml 1 itllißuTrllifi
Xone genuine without this Blgßatttr©> \ nHlllJlfllluiilnEiflfll
-■r >. To Smitita *hich v forgery, II ll^^^^HtlJilTifttinß^^S^
f"/^p^ P»XCB, CDSSTXI POT.T.AR [I M :1 1
- — T^CT I - SIX POP. FJ? 7S DOLULRB. I ffl ; fl^^g^^p
—-»■< <CZL . Bir IVi 'i> T in fi _ ""^
y^TUi^-M* .'JULfJaa - ; -^rr?^r''*'-^f;;^g;^^ M^*=Sas=g=r = J^ M ,^V»- . mm
DON'T take aTsubstitute.
since their exile from Mexico, and it is
believed all of these desperadoes are with
the party.
Santa Teresa went to Solomonville about
three months ago from Nogales, where she
had lived for three years, an exile from
Mexico because she caused the Yaqui In
dians to revolt against the Mexican Gov
ernment. She is a spiritualistic fanatic
and has peculiar magnetic powers. By
exercising weird occultism she has caused
herself to be looked upon by the ignorant
Yaquis as a saint, and they will do any
thing she tells them to do. Before she
was exiled by the Mexican Government
siie incited several revolutions among the
Yaqui?. She hates President Diaz and all
of his officials. The Mexican officials here
estimate that she caused the death of
more than 2000 people during the revolu
tions caused by her, and if she or her fol
lowers are caught on Mexican soil they
will all be shot on the spot.
The following telegram was received by
Collector Webb from the United States
Marshal at Tucson, which shows that the
authorities at Washington have been ad
vised of the contemplated revolution:
TUCSON, Ariz., March 9.— To Collector of
Customs S. F. Webb, Xogale?, Ariz. : I am ad
vised from Washington that Lauro Aguirre
and Flores Chapa are reported to be en route
to Nogales to organize for a Mexican revolu
tion. Instruct mounted inspectors to keep a
good lookout and advise me by telegram of
any news of said parties or their confederates.
W. K. Meade, United States Marshal.
The American officers all along the bor
der have been notified to keep a close
watch for the revolutionists and any news
of them will be wired to Nogales imme
mediately. but as it is only two days' ride
from Solomonville to the border at San
Bernardino they may now be on Mexican
soil.
FRENCH CAMP TRAGEDY.
A Discharged Cook Shoots His
Successor When His Back
Is Turned.
The Victim of His Cowardly Act Is
Near Death — Patients Threaten a
Lynching.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 9.— Walter G.
Mackay, a discharged employe of the
County Hospital at French Camp, to-day
attempted the murder of Bernard Cook,
who had taken his place. Mackay was
formerly head cook at the county institu
tion, but was discharged last month for
drunkenness. This morning he visited
the hospital, shook hands with Cook and
the attaches. When the latter left the
room he stepped up behind Cook, placed a
revolver at his back and fired.
Ralph Farnsworth, another employe,
heard Cook's scream as the bullet struck,
and dashed into the room. Mackay rushed
at him with the revolver. Farnsworth
turned and ran, followed along the porch
in front of the door by Mackay, who de
clared there were three men in the hos
pital he intended to kill. As ha attempted
to shoot Farnsworth, William Brown, the
head nurse, sprang upon him. Mackay
told Brown he intended to kill him, too.
A struggle then ensued for the posses
sion of the gun, Mackay being finally over
powered. By this time the poorhouse and
hospital patients heard that Mackay had
shot Cook. The latter was a favorite with
them. The patients threatened a lynching.
Sheriff Cunningham reached the scene be
fore they could carry out their threats and
brought the shooter to jail.
Cook is seriously wounded and may die.
Physicians have been unable to locate the
bullet, which entered below the eleventh
rib at the left side of Cook's back. The
wounded man seems to have been marked
by misfortune for its own. He was in
jured by a glancing bullet at Tracy re
cently when the conductor of a train was
putting off some tramps and was com
pelled to use a revolver. He was then
taken to the hospital, and being friendless
and out of work the officials placed him
in the kitchen. There he worked faith
fully under Mackay, and later under
Mackay's successor, finally being pro
moted to the position of head cook.
FOR A LEVEE AXl> CAHAL.
Stockton Totes to Jinllot Upon a Bond
Proposition.
STOCKTON, C.v.., March 9.— At a meet
ing of the City Council held this evening
plans were adopted and it was decided
to suDmit to the people at a spe
cial election, to be held on Monday,
April 13, the proposition of bonding
the town in the sum of $140,000 for the
purpose of building a levee and canal out
on the eastern border to carry off the sur
plus water in freshet seasons and thus
protect the town from overflows. The two
levees for that purpose start on either
bank of Mormon channel, three miles
cast of town, the whole forming an im
mense triangle, with a ditch forming one
leg of the triangle and the levees forming
the others, protecting about 24,000 acres.
VALLEY ItOAU PROGRESS.
Rails Soon to \lie Stretched Across Dry
Creek, Jiridgc.
STOCKTON, Cal., March 9.— Work on
the Valley road is progressing very rapidly.
The bridee across Dry Creek will be far
enough alone to admit of the laying of
steel across by Saturday of this week, when
track-laying will immediately proceed to
the Tuolumne river, a distance of four
miles. This can possibly be covered in
three days.
The bridge across the Tuolumne will oc
cupy considerable time in buildine, as
there will be two spans of 150 feet each and
three spans of eighty feet each.
WILL LEAVE ESQUIMALT.
Two British Cruisers Suddenly Ordered
to Honolulu on a Mysterious
Mission.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 9.— Unexpected
orders were received by H. M. S. Coraui
and Pheasant on Sunday. The Comus is
now in drydock being overhauled. The
work is being rapidly pushed to comple
tion, it being expected that the two
cruisers will start on Saturday for Hono
lulu.
Their object in proceeding to that port
is unknown except to the admiral, who re
ceived cable advice on Sunday on which
immediate action was required. It is
given out that the vessels' work will sim
ply be to protect British interests in case
of a revolution. The Pheasant had in
tended going to Bering sea in a short
time.
.
: —•
Santa Barbara's IHstin(jui»h«d Guest*.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 9.—
A special engine came in late yesterday
bringing Fred Crocker's private car. witn
Will H. Crocker and family and the Prince
and Princess Poniatowski. The party pro
ceeded at once to one of the pretty Crocker
cottages, which has recently been fur
nished in most artistic taste, and where
they will make a prolonged sojourn, tarry
ing until after the flower festival.
■ ■ -■ -
34
TO BE LAUNCHED
AT LOS ANGELES
California Silverites Will
Start a National
Movement.
DESERT OLD PARTIES.
Morgan of Alabama and Allen
of Nebraska to Head
a Ticket.
BIMETALIISTS MEET TO-DAY.
Will Call Upon the Two Leaders to
Allow Their Names to Be
Used.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., March 9.— The
executive committee of the State Central
Committee of the American Bimetallic
party will hold a meeting at the office of
ex-United States Senator Cornelius Cole in
this city, beginning at noon to-morrow.
The meeting will be a most important one
to the extreme silver men, for it is ex
pected to adopt resolutions looking toward
placing the leadership of the silver men in
the hands of Senator Morgan of Alabama
and Senator Allen of Nebraska.
With these gentlemen as standard-bear
ers in the coming National campaign, the
one a candidate for the presidency and the
o:hei f3r the Vice-Presidency, it is the hope
of the bimetallic party to unite the South
and the West into an electoral college ma
jority of from 25 to 30 and advance the
cause of silver independent of either the
Republican or Democratic parties.
The leaders of the movement in this
State propose to inaugurate a National
movement at this time by the resolutions
that are being prepared to-day and which
will be submitted at the meeting for adop
tion. In the resolutions they expect to
call upon the Senators to allow themselves
to head the movement and cat loose from
their present party affiliations, to tho ex
tent that is necessary for them to cairy
out the purposes of the bimetallic party.
Chairman Enoch PeDDer to-day stated
that it would be hopeless to do anything
with the East, which was essentially com
mitted to gold, but he believed with the
South and West soiiditied the silver men
could have a decided majority; it might
be small, but effective nevertheless. Sen
ator Morgan, he said, with the devotion of
his people tv him in the South, would be
more than a match for Carlisle.
That ne had been a Confederate general j
he did not believe would cut any figure ;
now, especially as Congress had recently I
seen tit to remove all political disabilities, j
and with Allen and his 3,000,000 Populists *
and the silver men of tlie West under one
common banner, he was very sanguine of
a creditable showing for the bimetallic
party.
i. o tru r o a tj:ia i. .
Arraigned to A u steer to a Charge of
lUabezzleineiit.
LOS ANGELES, Cm-., March 9.-The
case of Frank Lowry was called for trial
this morning before Judge Smith. Lowry
was the chief deputy clerk of the county
under Clerk Ward from January, 1893, to
January, 1895, and in his position he had
charge of the funds which came into the
hands of the Clerk. It is claimed that be
tween the linh of October and the 22d of
December, 1894, he embezzled $l:(.'> 4 95. It
is for this that lie is now on trial.
The alleged embezzlement occurred
through his having paid out various sums
of money, aggregating the amount of the
default, for county minor expenses. He is
said to have received warrants from the
Supervisors to replace this money, but not
to have turned the warrants inio the funds
of the office.
The loss to the county has been made
good by Mr. Ward, who is now Clerk of
the Supreme Court, but this does not re
lieve Lowry from responsibility to the law
for the alleged offense.
Mr. Ward has been subpenaed from Sac
ramento and is attending the trial. A
jury was secured late this afternoon.
JOS A THA S CL VB OPES ISO.
Brilliant Assemblage Entertained in the
Se» Quarters.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 9.— The
rooms of the reorganized Jonathan Club
were thronged by a gay and brilliant
crowd this evening, the occasion being the
formal opening of the club's new quarters
at 132 South Spring street.
The new home occupies the entire Corfu
building, the three floors being devoted to
the use of the members. The parlors and
the wine and card rooms are on the first
floor, while on the others are the dining
room, kitchen, pantries and sleeping
rooms. The finishing is artistic and in
several styles in the different apartments.
Those who received to-night were C. W.
Howry, Freeman J. Tood, George P. Tay
lor, C. H. White, Hancock Banning. F. K.
Rule, G. A. Alexander, J. B. Bushnell, B.
W. Lee, A. Day, George Gaskill, Ed. Bur
goyne and E. \Y. Tuffts.
Several orchestras were in attendance
and played during the affair. Refresh
ments were served in the banquet hall, each
guest being presented with a souvenir pin
on which were engraved the initials of the
club. A delightful musical programme
was rendered. The affair was attended by
many leading society people.
The Jonathan Club organized as a Re
publican club by Colonel Chamberlain
during the last campaign and started out
in a modest way in a building adjoining
its present palatial quarters. Tne club
cut quite a figure during the campaign,
but when that was over the interest died
cut and the membership fell off.
In the meantime a change had taken
place in the management, and the gen
tlemen at the head of the organization
determined to eliminate the political ele
ment and convert it into a social club,
pure and simple. This being decided
upon, it was determined to make it the
leading organization of its kind in South
ern California.
The lease on the Corfu building was se
cured, and while the undertaking was a
heavy one, sufficient capital was guaran
teed to co ahead with tne work the result
of which was seen this evening.
The officers of the club, under whose
direction the organization nas reached its
present positions, are as follows: Presi
dent, fJeorge L. Alexander; first vice-presi
dent, .1. B. Bushneil; second vice-presi
dent, J. K. Rule; treasurer, Charles H.
White; secretary, E. M. Burgoyne.
These gentlemen, with the following,
make up the board of directors: Hancock
Banning, Bradner W. Lee, George P. Tay
lor, Ed B. Tuffts, Ben F. Day and George
C. Gasicill. E. B. Prussia, formerly of the
Redondo Hotel, is the assistant secretary
and manager.
The ciub has at present over 300 mem
bers and in three months the list is ex
pected to reach at least 500.
ki ck I. l> a no si ay.
'• ling " Holliday Art'fitrd for JirutnUy
Attacking a Companion.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 10.-"Bug"
Holliday's recent experience with his sis
ter-in-law has apparently soured the ex
baseballist on woi*en, for to-night he wa<?
arrested for kirtting a woman who was
bring to persuade liim to co to his horn?.
Shortly after midnight the people at the
corner of Sixth and Spring streets were
aroused by a furious commotion in a hack.
The door was seen to open and a woman
fell out on the street. After her came a
drunken man who jumped on to her pros
trate form and bogan beating and kicking
her about the head.
The woman's screams attracted a police
officer, and she was soon taken from the
clutches of her assailant. The two were
sent to the police station, wher<* the man
proved to be none other than "Bug" Hol-
Jiday, who was in a ferocious state from
drink.
The woman's wounds were dressed in
the Receiving Hospital, but she refused
to eive her name. She claimed to be a
respectable woman and was acquainted
with the Holiirfays.
"Bug" had come to her house, she said,
and she had merely got into the hack to
try and taue him home. She would make
no complaint against him. He was char ?ed
with drunkenness ana locked up until he
will have sobered up.
Governor Hudd'a Movements-
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 9.— The
gubernatorial party arrived in the city
from Pasadena at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
After leaving Mount Lowe the Throop
Polytechnic School was inspected, and
then the drive to this city was made in a
tally-ho coach. This afternoon the Gov
ernor inspected the Normal School, and
at 5 o'clock went to Whittier, where a
meeting cf the board will be held.
CARSON MINT METHODS
Experts Discharged to Prevent
the Detection of Bogus
Melts.
George McLaughlin Gives Telling Tes
timony at the Trial of
John T. Jones.
CARBON, Nev., March 9.— The main
feature of to-day's testimony in the trial
of John T. Jones, the alleged bullion-thief,
was that given by George McLaughlin,
who for many years was tlie pressman and
chief mechanical expert of the mint. He
is the inventor of several devices now in
use in the United States mints, and is a
man of recognized ability throughout the
mint service. He testified positively that
the bogus melt was cast in molds in use in
the deposit melting-room; that the person
who stamped the bars had but little expe
rience, as the stamping was very irregular
and the dies had not been held straight in
the hand. Under the glass he detected
irreeularities in the dies, which were re
produced in the metal. He demonstrated
that some ul tne figures on the bars had
been stamped when the bar was hot and
soft and others when the bar was cold.
The settlement numbers had a polished
appearance, showing cold stamping. He
demonstrated that the melt was made
some time ago by reason of its tarnished
surface, and the indentation of the figures
stamped in the deposit melting-room had
dirt deposited in the bottom.
McLaughlin declared that the bogus
melt claimed by the Government to have
been made on June 21, I£9.'-J, was consider
ably older than melt 211, made in 1895.
It was shown ihat, in anticipation of the
manufacture of the bogus melt, the plot
ters against the Government had suspend
ed the experts in the melting-room and
supplanted them with raw hands in order
that the character of the bogus melt would
pass unnoticed.
Frank Oliver, one of the inexperienced
helpers, swore that on June 2L 1893, they
worked until ti o'clock at night on what
he supposed was slum melts and Potosi
bullion. Ellis, the assayer, testified that he
supposed from the returns from the melt
ing-room that a gold bar was being re
melted, but thought it strange, as there
was no occasion for a remelt of the bar.
The Government claims that the bar was
not remelted, but a pretense made of do
ing so in order to cover up the real busi
ness of the day, which was the doctorins
of the spurious melt in order to have it
pass in the approaching July settlement.
STEAMERS TO JAPAX.
Transportation Line to Great Britain
Soon to Be Opened.
TACOMA, Wash., March 9.— Miki Saito,
Japanese Consul at this port, received in
formation by the steamship Victoria from
Yokohama that a new Japanese steamship
company, fathered by the imperial Gov
ernment, will have a Japan-Great Britain
line in operation before the end of the
present month. The first steamer, the
losa Maru, will leave Yokohama about
the 15th on its initial voyage to London,
calling at Hongkong, Bombay, Singapore,
Port Said and Mediterranean ports. There
will be six vessels in the line, the inten
tion being to have one in port at each
terminus and four on the way constantly.
The Tosa Maru is a vessel of about 4000
tons, and was used as a transport during
the Chinese-Japanese war. It has been
entirely remodeled. The Government
will now commence the construction of
several new steamships. When completed
they will go on the Great Britain line,
and the present ships will be put on the
Japanese-American line, which has been
so long a pet prospect of the Japanese
Government an.d about which so much
has been printed. Th« Pacific Coast ter
minus of the line has not yet been se
lected.
1) ROWS Eli AT ELK RIVER.
Boatman Alexander Thorpe Loses His
Life in the Water.
EUREKA, Cttk, March 9.— Alexander
Thorpe, a boatman, while attempting to
pull a scow off a sand bar with a small
boat at Elk River yesterday, was thrown
into the river by a quick turn off the skiff
and drowned. Thorpe at the time of the
accident was standing in a coil of rope,
which so entangled his lees that he was
unable to swim. The current was quite
strong and rapidly carried him down
stream, submerging his head when the
rope became taut. A number of men saw
his struggles, but they were unable to
render any assistance. Thorpe was a good
swimmer and couid easily have reached
the shore had he not been so encumbered.
The drowned man is survived by a
■^ridow and seven children, the youngest
only four days old, in destitute circum
stances. The Ricks Water Company has
headed a subscription list for them
with $80. _
Sew Church for lielvedere.
BELVEDERE, Cal., March &-A new
Presbyterian church will shortly be built
at this place. The trustees of the church
have called for plans and bids and quite a
number of prominent firms have sub
mitted plans for approval. The structure
will be erected on the church property,
which is excellently situated at this place.
Maryarillt'a Dead Ex-Mayor.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., March 9.— The
funeral of N. A. Rideout will occur on
YVedn*!sday at 2 o'clock. Business houses
will close, but the services will be unos
tentatious.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 18UC.
BUDD AND THE
FRESNO CLANS
Widening of the Breach
in the Democratic
Ranks.
SCORED BY GOUCHER.
Daggett, Wise and the Executive
Accused of Treachery
to Friends.
THEIR PLEDGES IGNORED.
The Editor Says a Day of Retribution
for the Officeholders Is
Coming.
FRESNO, Cal., March 9.— Senator
Goucbergoes gunning for lar^e game in
the iield of California Democracy in to
day's Watchman. His leading editorial
arraigns three prominent Democrat's in
true Goucher style. It is as follows:
"John Daggett of the United States
Mint; John 11. Wise. Collector of the Port
at San Francisco, and J. 11. Budd, Gov
ernor of California, have seemed to take
deep delight in denying a fair proportion
of the patronage to the Democrats of
Fresno County. They will not and they
cannot give any just reason for this, but of
course they may promptly deny that ne
glect of Fresno was a premeditated affront.
"From the ranks of the Democracy here
as capable men can be taken as liil any
stations urfder the officers mentioned. In
fact the Fresno Democracy has many
members equal in mental and other essen
tial equipments to Daggett, Wise and
Budd. The Democracy of Fresno has
been a faithful body of men. It has
never faltered in its endeavors even in the
party's darkest and stormiest hours. The
these officers and their friends the local
Democracy has plunged an unstinting
hand into funds that should have gone to
wives and children. It has worn off shoe
soles that cost final dollars parading
around the streets cheering for Democratic
leaders, who tied gratitude and memory
together and threw them both away as
soon as the votes were counted. We know
of no man in Fresno County who has
aspired to any appointment who seeks ap
pointment now. But the fact remains that
the Democracy has been isolated, deserted
and left to such fate as it could make. We
will make the fate a good one. When the
smooth lads call this way again, button
holing for votes, we are all likely to have
nervous prostration, too, brought on by
such ceaseless importunings for office.
"The machinery all runs with delicious
perfection when we are doing all the favors,
but when we ask one it throws the debtor
into spasms, a banquet or a duck-hunt.
With all the Federal and most of the State
patronage in Democratic hands the Fresno
Democracy has one lonely, sad-eyed rep
resentative hoJding down a slippery ap
pointment.
"It may teach a timely lesson to com
pare this with the fact that the Repub
licans of Fresno have two men holding
good places in the State Capitol building
alone, viz. : W. T. Senson, Deputy Secre
tary of State, and (!. W. Fuller, watctiuian
of the State Treasury. It has almost come
to the point where a Fresno man must be
a Republican or a 'kicker' to get any ap
pointment.
"But go on, gentlemen; give the public
places to the barroom rounders and dude
tailor dummies of San Francisco. Fresno
will prosper and it asks no favors.' 1
Jireacti of Contract Charged.
FRESNO, Cal., March 9.— Suit was filed
in the Superior Court here to-day by D. C.
Sample, a wealthy landowner of Dry
Creek, against the Fresno Flume ana Irri
gation Company for $14,U00, alleged dam
ages for 1 not complying with a contract
made some years aeo between the parties
to this suit, in which the flume coinpanv
stipulated to supply water to the plaintiff
for irrigation purposes. The contract
dates back to 1892. The defendants were
formerly the Pine Ridpe Flume Company.
H. D. Colson, Henry Musick and C. B.
Shaver are some of the officers and di
rectors of the present company.
ORDERED TO BERING SEA
The Entire Fleet of Revenue
Cutters to Hasten to the
North.
Unusual Vigilance to Be Exercised in
Guarding Seals in the Pre
scribed Zone.
PORT TOWNSEND, Waph., March 9.—
It was learned here to-day that the Treas
ury Department ha? issued orders to fit
out and prepare with all dispatch the rev
enue cutters now on this coast. The cap
tain of the Corwin has received instruc-
tions to at once take aboard stores for a
six months' cruise to Alaska and the Be
ring Hea. The revenue cutter Bear is to
arrive here on April 11. All the cutters
available for service on the coast are ,Baid
to have received similar orders.
The receipt of such orders at so early &
date is considered quite unusual by those
who are familiar with the revenue" cutter
services. It is believed that it is the in
tention of the Treasury Department to
exercise much more vigilance thi3 seasoh
than last in preventing the wholesale
slaughter of seals within the forbidden
zone in Bering Sea. Last year the cutter
Grant was the last to leave here for Bering
Sea, sailing on May 2S; but according to
present plans the "whole fleet of cutters
will sail north from here not later than
April 1"). The revenue cutter Wolcott is
daily expected here from Alaska. It left
Sitka on March 3.
PROPHECY OF AN ALASKA MAM.
Predicts That Great Suffering Will Follow
the Rush to the Northern
Gold Fields.
PORTLAND, Ok., March 9. — J. C. Fariw
worth, who spent nine years in Alaska,
and is just down from that territory, says:
'There will be woeful suffer'ng among
some of the people who, attracted by the
cheap steamship rates, are joining Jn this
Alaskan stampede. To a man with a
good outfit, costing not less than |400, and
with $400 additional in hard coin in
his pockets, I say, 'Go to Alaska;' but
a man with barely enough money to land
him at Junea, Dvea or Cooks Inlet, or
with even $100 to spare after he has struck
either of the first two places, will regret
the trip, providing he stays in the country
untii his money is spent and ha 9 no ac
quaintance from whom to borrow money
with which to pay bis return passage.
"There will be hundreds upon hundreds
of idle men flocking to Alaska from every
quarter of the Union, and the further re
moved they are from authentic sources of
information the more inflamed will be
their imaginations as to the prospects
ahead.
"The accounts daily being sent forth of
a man who made $48,000 in three years on
Cooks Inlet, throwing handfuls of money
to the boys on the wharf at Tacoma; of a
party of fifty, each member of which
cleaned up $3000 last year, starting back
with tneir sleds and dogs; of the demand
for labor at $0 or $8 per day, coupled with
the cheap rates of transportation, will
lead hundreds to spend their last cent to
get aboard the steamer and land at Juneau
or l»yea.
"There is absolutely no work for them
in the Silver Bow "Basin mines above
Juneau nor at the Treadwell mine on
Douglass Island, across the channel.
Forty per cent of the men now in Alaska
looking for gold are dead broke, without
means to get away. If the rush continues,
which now seems to have been stimulated
by reason of low fares, I predict more
human suffering than language can por
tray."
McCARTY TO BE ARRESTED.
Charged With Neglecting to Provide Sus-
tenance for His Horses on the
Canty Ranch
MODESTO, Cal., March o.— District At
torney Fulkerth wrote a letter to "White
Hat" McCarty last Thursday informing
him that he must feed the band of
thoroughbred horses starving on J. VI.
Canty 's ranch or be prosecuted. No at
tention was paid by McCarty to the threat.
This afternoon Sheriff Purvis, at the in
stance of the District Attorney, swore to a
complaint before Justice Townea charging
McCarty and his son Joseph with will
fully neglecting to provide sustenance for
their horses, and a warrant was issued.
The Sheriff intends serving the warrant
to-morrow.
ARNO'S DOUBLE MURDER
Simon Eaten Has Confessed That
He Took the Lives of Two
Japanese.
Strong Chain of Circumstantial Evi
dence Forged Around the
Suspect.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 9.— Link
by lint a chain of circumstantial evidence
is being forged about Simon Eaten, who
was arrested by Sheriff Johnson on Satur
day evening for the murderer of the two
Japanese slain near Arno station last
Tuesday. While investigating as to the
date on which Itaten went to work for
Farmer Rntter, on whose ranch he was
arrested, Under Sheriff Dan Reese to-day
learned that Raten had acknowledged
that he nad killed two Japanese a few
days before he secured employment.
When Katen applied for employment he
stated that be was an expert machinist,
and as Rutter had an engine in need of
repairs, he engu»ed him. Rutter sent a
Chinaman named Ah Kow to assist Katen
on the engine. This Chinaman has been
in Kutter's employ for nearly thirty years, ,
and the latter states he is absolutely truth
ful and trustworthy.
After the two men had been working for
a time Raten questioned the Chinaman In
regard to the amount of wages he received,
and the conversation then turned to the
low rate of wages which the Japanese
were willing to labor for.
Raten expressed himself as greatly an
tagonistic to Japanese and told the China
man that he had killed two Japs the day
before, but instead of saying that he had
shot them, he claimed that he had beat
thpm to death with a club.
There are many other minor facts in the
possession of Sheriff Johnson that lead
him to believp that Katen is without
a doubt the murderer.
The Xountrillei Inquiry.
SUISUN, Cal., March 9.— ln regard to
the charges made against the directors of
the Veterans' Home at Yountville, Supe
rior Judge Buckles, who is chairman of
the investigation committee, has requested
The Call correspondent to state that no
report has been agreed apon and no con
clusion reached, nor can there be until
after next Saturday, when the evidence
will be heard.
Policeman Koaekamp Dead.
Policeman Henry F. Rosekatnp, who had
been stationed at the Potrero lor the past
twenty years and was known to every man,
woman and child there, died yesterday morn
ing, lie was bom in New York City on Janu
ary 25, 1842, and joined the force on* FeDrtiary
10, 1874. He leaves a widow and grown-up
family.
HOTEL ARfiIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Fif Hill & son, Auburn T H Foote & w, Alameda
M Boone <& w, Cal A Thomaseii. Cal
J Harrison, Tracy It Hopkins, Santa Rosa
F A Wickersham.PetalußM Hayes, LosAnseles
Mrs Hayes, Los Angeles A B Hayes, Los Angeles
R 3 ymith, Fresno J T Hanks, Haywards
Miss Hayes, Bakers City Miss uuntinij.Uakers Cty
.1 iinntiritr. Portland a Hayes, Tacoma
L M AsUmanifew.'l'ucoma P Knell, Stockton
A R Gray, [Salt Luke Mrs Pratt, Los Angeles
A 11 Corlin, Mass Mrs Coflin, Mass
Mrs Perry, Nantucket Mrs l.ukemuii, Grass Val
V I.insley, Oregon O W Baldwin, Los Atik's
Mrs Baldwin, Los Ang Mrs C'ohea, Los Angeles
T A B«ers, Conn Q T Beers, Conn
A Alexander, LosAngeles C X Lindsey, Santa Cruz
L W Adams, Sun Jose s Hirst, Valleio
Mrs (iaty. Santa IWbara J 0 Campbtll, San Jose
71 W Cuile, Srockton a Neilson, Sacto
W C Parker, Kenwood J B Tennent, Martinez
W A Cliapman. Cal I) (} Drake <fe w, ChicaKO
LCTrallen, Los <iatos J H (Jlass, Paso Robles
\V X Price, Truckee J c Freel, -Stockton
M Marks, Orovillt' E Burden, Konora
J Mccormick, Redlnsr O Chandler &w, Kndlmls
O W Gilmore,H«<l Bluff X C Ooodspeed, Durham
PALACE HOTEL.
W A Sheparrt. Freano X Burke, Kansas City
Ben Reese, Chicago C M Rogers, Denver
J J Mlblock, NY 'KB Htrnnkanip. NY
Mr & Mrs Courtney.N V W L Fish, I'onland
H Taylor, Portlond .1 M Gait, Stanford
T Davis. BakersUeld T frf-ljfhton, Cal
M Kussefc, Mexico Mrs M Kussek, Mexico
Miss C Knssek. Mexico R C Holbro Conn
Mrs W Itolps, London \V JI Taylor, Or • r
C Burcham, liandsburg H Mnlford. N V
JI M Nelll, lown T Kemp, Palo Alto
J A Tucker, Palo Alto , X (' Bichowsky, Cal
O F Sillniou. Chicago .1 H Ardown Ai, Cal
X Fritz, Cincinnati v. .i ones, Michigan
C Alken, Santa Cruz s B Joues, llaclne ..
M Rothschild Aw, N V J Feunell, Tehama
, ■ COSMOPOLITAN HOTKL. .r
M Romeo, Mcx . X M Hadley. Ogden
A Walters, I'asadena A Murray, <'nl
MrsJ Iloxie, Hun Hafaol *V*)rummond, Cal v
H Walthers. Cal W Konny, I'ortland .
R X Kobinson, Los Ang- N W Williams, Beacon
M. O'Brien, Cal A 11 Fisher A w, Nev
J C Taylor A w, San Jose X Bonney. Woodland
B McClury, Woodland Z 0 Barren &w, Cal '
J ii Foltz. Foltz R A Brophy, Ha
A Seelig, Cal ''.-'-'- .1 Hendrick, Martinez
H Sidle, Los AiiKelcs M Bciiuh, Ilanford
1 Bcamis, Vallejo J Lestlll, Cal
tl Loacbn»r. NY D Southurst, Mont
H. 3 Fox, Brook ville
■ '■:■, Baldwin hotel.
J'A Morrlssey, Ntookton A L Htoue, New York
J W Kincnifii, N York J P Marilo, New York ;
H(4 Eafcle, New York W T Hol.son, San Joae
F W \Vlltße, Chicago 8 Bullene, Salinas
C M Vance, Minnesota Mrs C M Vance, Minn
C T X Miller. Texas J J Tully, Stockton ,V;
W H Miller. Chicago T B Wilworth. N York
G B Barham, Los Anjr . E C Sugg. Los Angeles
B W Smith, Minneapolis H E MoiYen, yentura
M Goldwater, San Lucas H Goldwater, Los Ang
T Fitzgerald, San Jose J M Canty. Gray ton :■.
11 Barns. New York . Mlas C Smitli, New York
6C st John, Fresno . , • • >'■■
NEW WESTERX.
G Cain, Benicia Z E Buckner A w, S Boaa
A A Rcjnbo <fe w, Stock O Reod, Oakland
N R Khaw, Prlensville a J I.ont her, Albany
W Roberts, Wl» <j cook, Goldendale
J H Lieber, Grand Forks C J Goodwin, Portland
J M HubboM. Port'and Mrs U W Klrby, Slocktß
L F Vhugn»n, Frewe
THREE OUTSIDERS FIRST
Derfargilla Was the Longest
Priced Winner of the
Day.
GRATIFY WON AT ODDS ON.
Rey del Bandidos Captured the Long-
Distance Event as He Pleased
From Red Rcot.
Tlie week's racinsr opened at Ingleside
with delightful weather ana a large crowd
in attendance. The sport was excellent
and the talent fared well throughout the
day. Enough outsiders dropped in to
make the spurt exhilarating and spicy.
Two hot hrst choices crossed the plate in
front, with horses at most remunerative
odas capturing the other three events.
"Doc" Robbing made a neat little clean-*
up in the opening tour-furlong dash with
his two-year-old Mary K. The talent
overlooked the fact that the lilly liked a
fast track and let her go to the post 4 to 1,
making Uordon a3to 2 favorite. The tilly
shook off the bunch soon after the barrier
was raised and won easily, with the favor
ite finishing second.
The Lone stable's big colt Rey del Ban
didos was a 7 to 10 choice for the mile and
a quarter selling event. Basso, who com
manded strong support in the betting,
made the running to the stretch, where
ttie favorite passed him and fairly rolled
in. Red Root, asoto 1 outsider, swetving
badly at the end, finished in the place.
Foremost was third.
A five-furlong dash, with light welter- :
weights up, had a hard look about it, and i
all of the starters received more or less
support. Morven at hrst opened a3to 2
choice, receding later to twos. The sec
ond choice, William Pinkerton, was quick
est away ana was never caught, winning
easily from Veragua.
There was some liberal scratching among
the entries in tne fourth event, a six-fur
long run. All declined the issue, with i
the exception of seven. The race looked j
a "moral" for Gratify, and 35 to 100 was i
the price offered against him going to the !
post. Dan Honig's fast mare, Charm, a
12 to 1 shot in the ring, Bhowed a. world of
speed, leading until within a furlong from
the wire, when the favorite went to the
front and won easily by four lengths. In a
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Cifty-sccond Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coaat Jockey Club, Monday, March 9,
1 i 896. Weather Fine. Track Good.
Ol O FIRST RACE- Four
Index. Horse and weight. ! St. \'±
804 MaryK 103J 9
804 .Gordon 106 1
804 ilngleside 1081 6
795 iVivo 106! B
778 Lord Cliesterfield.llO 3
795 Wallaba 106 7
jwieland 106 4 |
Index.
Va "54 »tr. Fin. Jockeys.
12 12 12 JT. Sioan
21 2^ 21 Garner
6« 4 2 3Va J. Chorn
3h 31 46 Coady
4 4 6 10 6 6 Griilin
66 63 64 Macklln
7 7 7 Chevalier
5
!
1
10
3
5
25
15
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, John Robbing' eh. f.. bjr Lepauto-Rightwiug.
m i SECOND BACK- One mile and a quarter:
Horse, age, weight.
V2-
-(811) Rcydel Kandidos,3.9o
79t> Red Hoot, a 101
796 BussO.4 104
812 iForemost, 4 97
722 Monita, 5. 101
7H6 Miss Norma, 4.... 94
802 Moran, 3 7b
806 Braw hcot, a 101
a
2
4
1
5
6
7
8
6 h
75
iy 2
64
2h
3h
8
42
Eh
76
"\#
6 •■'
2h
41
8
Mi :
5 3
7 6
1V 3
6 2
2y a
4b.
8
3h
9 Vg
715
ii
5h
31
I*
41
14
2h
3 h
4 10
6 16
64
I*
iGarner
|T. Sloan
IK. Jones
K. Isotn
McClain
Frawley
O'Brien
Slaughter
1 7-10
20 40
2 3
4 10
20. 150
30 40
100 600
6 9
used. Won easily.
Winner, Lone stable's eh. c, by imp. True Briton-Emma Collier.
2 :
Ql C THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; light
; purse $400.
j in rse. age, weight. I St.
Horse, age, weight.
M
Str.
Belting.
Op. Cl.
- 437 j
770
800
i-Oi
767 !
HOI !
•> BUO
797 j
(766)
770 j
727
039 i
i ; ] 1
i Wm. Pinkerton, 3.l32 1
Veragua,3 122 6
Fleet, s 138 6
Seu. Hoffman, 3.. 125| 2
'Morv«n, 5 148;12
!<iold But;, a 148; 8
' A iul uiiere, 3 183 9
j Crackajack, a 138 10
Dare Dollar, 3....130J 7
Bnslffn.S la* 3
Hal Fisher.a 141 i 4
i Kathleen, a I:^6 11
14
7y a
HA
V a
12
9a
10 h
112
6 h
4b.
8 Vz
6 ! 1
12
I?
3 2
9h
4 V 3
11 4
71
10*
12 .
6h
1 3
4V 3
2 2
sy,
5
8
6
10
11
12
9
1 3
2 2
3h
4!i
54
6 2
7 3
8 2
95
10 10
1110
12
! Shields
C. Sloan
| Reagan
I Griffin
! Slaughter
Spence
Fell
Swift
it'horn
McHugb......
Shaw
Bozemnn
3
1O
100
&
3-2
10
30
60
I
60
30
30
6-2
15
100
4
IS
100
1(jO
4
100
60
100
........
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner. S. C. ilildreth's eh. g., by Shannon-
-1:03 »>i.
Lewis. Time,
•
ni n FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; purse $400.
Index.
Kor3e, age, weight.
Str.
Jockeys.
(806) Gratify, 3 981 1
803 Tobey, 4 101 1 3
8!)6 iFique, 3 90 1 2
809 I.MollioK, 4 99 7
| Charm. 6 lOiit 5
777 i-MonUiilade, 3 93 6
789 Circe, 4 1)9 4
i
i
4 1.
7
6h
1 1
2h
3h
3h
5 1
6h
1 2
41
2V a
22
31
fa
6
6
1 3
2h
3 2
4 V 2
6 'l
6 10
7
[K. Jones
Chevalier
R. Isom
Frawley
Garner
Mclntyre
Stufflett
3-10
6
6
12
6
20
7
1-3
40
5
40
131
200
20
!
Sturti UK-gate used. Won easily. Winner,
Time, 1:1514.
b. g., by
017 FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; penalties; allowances; purse
O L i . $000.
799
797
784
775
! Derfargllla, a 103
Vlnotor, 4 11l
tl.obencrula, 4 98
■Thelina, 5.:. 96
llorse, age, weight.
St. - V*
j"T 1 1
I 3 3 6
2 2 4
I 4 4
1 1
4
32
2 V 2
12
4
2 Va
31
1 2
2 2
3 1
4
1 2
2h
36
4
E. Jones
Griffin
Slaughter
Chevalier
| Betting.
! Op. Cl.
5
5
4-5
5-2
12
9-2
15-2
3
Starling-gate used. Won handily. Winner, itcXanghton <fc Aluir's eh. m., by Onondaga-Elsinore
ne, 1:28.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day s Entries at Ingleside Track.
■' ■Id races where tbe torses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are Riven. '--';'. - - ' ■ .
Abbreviations— F., last: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about. ■
FIRST RA'
Best
record.
Dist.
Lbs
Index.
729
813
791
769
652
807
807
729
791
1 LilyLunrelwoodl
Vevo |
Philip H........ ;
| Investigator 111
The Sinner i
Pink Smith ;
Georse Palmer, j
The Roman j
Cnndelaria...... \
I Lbs'
1 100
103
103
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
no rec.
I no rec.
1 no rec.
dio rec.
: do r«'C.
! no rec.
....
....
Duke
IThree Cbeers-MissPickwlck
limp. Loyalist-Marguerite
ilmp. sir Modred-Why Not
St. Andrew- Viola
Imp. Moccasin- .fc-lectrical
ißuckmaster-Kittie Gun
Imp. Brutus- Beauty
I Imp. Midlothian-Cosette
105
loa
:::
....
Lone stable |
Odell stable I
Del Monte stable...!
Del Monte stable. . .
H. T. Uriffin i
A. B. S<preckels . .. I
Kirn wood stk farm.
BurDH<tWaterbouse|
....
....
....
1.... 1
BECOND RACE— Seven
,; tbree-year-olds.
Index. Name. Lbs'
803 ! Doubtful ilOOi
811 Treachery I 98
793 , Governor Build. 100
(591) Afflatus i 98
802 Globe |100
663 |Carrle M | 98
Name.
| Best |
record, j Dist.
;i:l9Vjsi 6f
1:12% I *6I
l:01i/2 5f
1:16V2 *tit
no rec
, 1 ; 17 6 f
I
Lbs Tk.
103 H..
104 F..
106 F..
102 H..
"95! Fa.
L.KEPII
!j. «. Brown «fc Co..
i Woodlawn stable. . .
W. D. Kandall
B. Scbrelber
|H. T. Griffin
; Doubt-Xatchitoches
Hanover- Deceit
Fresno-Rosa G
ilmp. Inverness-Afßnity
! Imp. Keene-Pinkey
| Panique-Uebecca Rowett
THIRD RACE— One mile; handicap.
I Beet
Ddex. Name. Lbs record. Dist.
778 j Installation.. ..) U4 i l :41^i 1 m
7«lt Logan ill.H 1 :10Mi 1 m
(809), Ed Koarnoy I IV 1:48% 1 m
5G5 Pepper j 108 1 :49 "' 1 1-10 n\
736 lOiiead 1100 1:48 >/4 H-lO in
809 | Wyoming | 89; I:a8*fr 7Vn t |
Name.
Lbs'Tk.
11-' F...
119 F...
107 i Fa.
109'H..
,118;F...
|106|H..
Kirn wood st'k farm
A. Shields...... ... i
G.K. 5mith........
; P. Dunne...........
i Sycamore stable...
! J. G. Brown <fc C 0 . ..
Owner.
Imp. Hnitus- Installation
Voltiguer-Pert
Tom Ochiltree-Medusa
Hindoo-Fran cesca
ISt, saviour-Mistake
i Pardee-Caorice
FOURTH RACE-One mile; purse.
809
809
761
! 805
" 806
788
793
808
Red Glen
i Thorn hill
st. L«>e
Kowalsky
Fort una.
ISube Murphy
Duches of M il pi ins
-ervice
Name.
94
91
101
97
97
106
ill:4S%|la>
i 1:46 lm7oy
■. ! 1 :45 --'< I in 7o y
1:45-14 lm ; .
1:55 1 1-8 m
1:3034 [7 f
1:41V4 lm •;
i 1:59 1 1-8 mi
Best
record .
i.tis Tk. Owner.
105 Fa. 'Cambridge stable
102jFa.|T. Lundy..
85 F...JF. G. Ferguson...
95 i H .. ! E. Corrlfran
95 ; F.. . Encino stable
10ljH..|L. Etell
B9 i F.. . i Elmwoodstk farm
104jH..]8. Schrieber
,<ilen Elm-Red Gin
I p. Cheviot- PhebeAnderson
limp. Ht .George- Levee
i Isaac Murphy-Derochment
jimp. Brutus-Viola Kea
i£\ las Lawrence- PrinessGlen
■ Duke Norfolk-Leaette
Up. Woodlands-Lady's Maid
FIFTH RACE-Six furlongs; selling.
Best
record.
Dist.
Name.
Owner.
64
(805)
716
776
(802)
708
783
I FOB
800
809
•800
60S
Z001e1n.....;.;..
Midlo ..;;.:;:.
Brametta. ......
{Huntsman
San Marco
Uncertainly ....
Irish Chief.....:
Repeater .....'...
Minnie 1........
Ike L..... ......
Mobalasca ...
P0diga ..........
1:17
1:1194
l:01Va
1 1:18'"
1:16%
iVisu
1:02 V*
1:22 Va
; 1:16%
1 1:20 .
ti f
:*6f
!5f
m
H..1
B. Schreiber
Burns A Waterh'se
D.A. Honij
P. Herzog
P. Dunne
C. K. Murray
F. Brown &Co
J. Brenock
Win. Singleton
Garden City stables
E. Corrlgan ?.
A. Berry
' Zorilla-Fraulein
jlmu. Midlothian-Klectric L
ißramble-Retta
| Prince Norfolk-Haidee
St. Blaise-Round Dance
Kmperor-liuandary
Longf ello w- Ba bee
j Rapture Venturia
I Feeent-by Cariboo
i Major Ban-Miss Flush
| Apache-Tricljgey
l l'owliatuu-Cadig a
r
6f"""
6*
...j
!h..
|F...
6f
6f
to 1
t ...
F...
1F...
|hv:
b t
drive the 50 to 1 shot Tobey took the place
from Pique by a head.
The big upset of the day occurred in the
last event at seven furlongs. Lobengula
was again made a hot favorite, his odds
gradually being forced down from 9 to 10
to 7to 10. The only other starters were
Thehua, Vinctor and Derfargilla. fancied
in the order named, the latter mnro beir.g
as good as 12 to lin the books. The start
was not a good one, Vinctor and Thelma
getting away poorly. Derfargilla went out
in the lead and was never headed, passing
the wire two lenghts in advance of Vinctor
with tiie favorite in third place.
Track and Paddock Items.
To-raorrbw will be "ladies' day" at In
gleside. The management is making
preparations to have the programe one of
rare excellence.
Mary X was as good as 8 to 1 in the bet
ting.
Fleet, the 100 to 1 shot, ran in second po
sition until opposite the saddling paddock,
finally finishing third.
Dissatisfied with the showing his horses
have been making of late, A. B. Spreckels,
president of the new jockey club, has dis
charged trainer Tom Boyle and all of the
men and boys under his charge. Galen
Brown, one of the owners of the great
sprinter, Libertine, will handle the horses
in future.
Slogger Sullivan arrived at the Baldwin
Hotel Sunday evening and the air was blue
with fighting talk. Even Tod Sloane was
on the warpath. Taking exceptions to
some newspaper criticisms of his riding,
he armed himself with a huge "Perfecto,"
ou which he puffed lustily, and declared,
Uiat nothing short of a reporter would do
Bim for breakfast. Woe be to the poor
newspaper man who in future has the au
dacity to criticise his riding, for the dimin
utive rider promises a rare pyrotechnical
tfisplay.
Joe Murphy, the St. Louis ex-newspappr
reporter, ballplayer and sprinter, evidently
aspires to act in the role of dictator at ln
gleside track. Mr. Murphy acts as as
sociate judge in the stand with Captain
James H. Rees, the most popular turtman
thut ever visited California. For some un
known reason Handicapper Ralph Tozer,
who, by tne way, is a Califorman, found
disfavor in the eyes of the associate judge,
and at a recent meeting of the Pacitic
Coast Jockey Club the office of handicap
per was declared vacant. If Mr. Murphy
is as skillful at al'oting weights as he is at
placing horses some rare good finishes
may be expected.
The gamblers die hard. The poolroom
establishment on Pauper alley, with Jerry
I)riscoll, Henry Schwartz and Charley
Kingsley at the head of the concern,
started up again yesterday and under some
fiinisy pretext are again seeking to evade
the law. The police authorities should
see to it that a patrol-wagon is backed up
in front of the den aud a consignment of
these worthies together with their dupes
be deposited in the City Prison and not so
leniently dealt with as in the past. Judge
Wallace's decision has been rendered and
the law should be enforced.
:l WEW TO-DAY. _
FOR THE CHILDREN!
/sf^\ Genuine Rog-
J&& ffii-jJMt. ssx. ers Extra
*£ WPV&&k V%> ■ I>late child ' s
M MiViU %£' s ets, consist-
"* > -Jsr£ :^&< "& ln S of knlfe «
f'-./fZ, JtVVv" fork and
irv'A. /^ *yQ l ar - P ri <-0
yv^%w/fe&v>\. cents.' You
/^•^M^^vvv know what
! «w^u>-^''| • is ogers ware
jw!VK~ v "SaL\V — ' •'■*C^/\. Your choice
/7: \'V o' •» ** 'I*/// Oi all Of OUr
sj * \ V^^ V^' / /*>/ lined Quad>
]/V\ ' .'// Napkin
\. > '' %f iX, . j'/y puara ntocd
the best, for
w^ r^- I^'^ 35 cents, rec
yf^ .'". :• iilar prices
_ , £h _ $1, 85c and
►p^ —^PaTJ^S^ 75c. These
"" ' i * <y --■=. are for grown
. _ — .' , folks. Mon-
day, Tuesday and W ednesday only.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shrevo's.
WANGENKEIM, STERNHEin & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®
I ALASKA! I
© ®
© @
£*i We fitted out that big (g£
£») Alaska expedition last (g
£* week. Yes, pretty busy. jgj
S Rush over n9w, and 2|
S ready again with JJ
§ SMITHS' $
I WEEKLY ©
© SPECIALS! ®
% REDLCED FOR THIS WEEK ©
© OMY TILLMARCH 14. ®
© — ®
©10c Bntterfly Tomatoes, 4 cnn5....25c j§\
#3 'J.ic Dessert Gratfl Pineapple.: lHc \jm
b^ 25c Acme Beef, sliced 18c -^v
fw 25c Yellow Cornmeal, ] 0 lbs 20c (M
\!? BOc La Dellcates?e Cheese Pots 33c "SC
Sm 15c Bulk Grated Cocoanut 10c r?J
vj' 25c Kusset Shoe Itressins; 10c
jj*\ 50c Plush- Top Clothes Brush 10c <Jjk
V** 10c Garden Trowel 5c «^
-Oc Celery Glass 8c /%j|
X& $5.00 Men's Button Shoes $1.50 <*y
©10c Oinghams 5c fS\
$1.00 Imitation Smyrna liug, .25c iqß
/-^. 25c Ladies' Dude Hat 15c /g\
P3 $1.60 Kaby Shoes 50c (M
£* $1.50 Dolls. 14-in., dressed 50c |^
C«5 FREIGHT PAID 100 MILES. *$2
© 2 Premium Bicycles Free to ©
Largest tiuyer by April 1. *S±
>*( BICYCLES— Last "year's _. J^
£5) Nearly Half Price .\(&
© TANDEMS—^.Second-hand ]@
Ih) r * at Half Price. I®
©Smiths' Cash Store, . m\
414, 41 6, 41 3 front st., s.f. .^
v£) Largest Western Department Store. Cw
N.B.
or not N. 8., that is
the question
That will decide
whether or not you
have the best shirt
that money can buy ' f
—THE STANDARD. |j]Uf"R I
Look for this Trade A ' Rlt: ' I
Mark — on ever y (jj|«[nlj|
shirt. All dealers, i - tyr**'
NEUSTADTER BROS., Alfrs., S. F.
£*k RLOOD
A PHYSICIAN WHO HAS DEVOTED THIR-
A ty years to the treatment of blood disease, and
who is in possession of a formula which has never
failed to cure syphilis In any .stage, will | ta&e any
case under a positire guarantee 'to cure orrefund
money. Consult him at once. > Write for full In-
formation, tree, to the Moffat Chemical Co., room 1 ,
632 Market st., San Francisco, Cal. Office hoars, 9
a. m. to 8:30 p. m. •
felklAVE YOli >Sl -' re Tnroat. I'impU Copper- I
f^nAf E lUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.Hj
fißt'lccrs fn Month, Hair-* ailing! "Write COOK S
IiBKMKDV CO., 807 Maaonlc Temple,
fiKChlcujto, 111., for proofs of cures. Capl-
EEjtal, 8500,000. Worst cases cured In 1GI&3
HS Bn;n. 100-poge boclt. free. g8
KSggSISgS VVIJLCOX COMPOUND
wijlcox compound
ANSY9PILLS
BOBUbstl^ fea 2 d SURE Always reliable. Take
BOBUDStltute. Forsalebyalldruegists. 52.00. Send
2£i °.f,?£^?, n * Sa/lf ' 7 " nrd - WII.COX SPECIFIC :
CO.. 2M SOUTH EIUIITH ST-.I'HILADaI.PA.
[» "PATENTS 3
MARKET &T.s7^SSSJ^
Wriiit's ManJeplajile PIUs
Are acknowledged by thousands. of persons who
have used them for over forsv years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, OONBTIPA
Crossiiian'sSiißciflc Mixtara
__W ith this remedy persons can cure themselv
without i the least exposure, change of d^f or
change in application to business. The medicin«
contains nothing that is of the least inju?v to rh
l tullon : Ask your Urussist font. il sS^ hVIEWS ON THE
NEW CHARTER.
Limitations That Are Said
to Exist in the Pending
Document.
AS TO WATER AND LIGHT
Mr. Reynolds Points to Obstacles
Against Acquiring Pub
lic Utilities.
TO PURIFY CITY POLITICS.
Nine Supervisors and All the Board
of Public Works Would
Have to Agree.
From the discussions concerning the '
merits and dements of the proposed new
City charter that are now going on, it is
quite safe to predict that the tiectors of
this City will be able lo exercise their votes j
with knowledge and intelligence when j
election day arrives.
And this is as it should be. Too much
discussion of so vastly important a meas- :
ure can scarcely be had, and neither tne ;
proponents nor opponents of the new i
charter can view with other than satisfac- j
tion the keen interest that is being taken
in the subject and the thorough exploiting
ita various points are receiving. What is,
perhaps, the most important question for j
the voters to consider is that which- is now
receiving the most attention— whether or j
not the new charter would make it more
difficult to secure City light and water 1
works, such, for instance, as those which :
Philadelphia has long boasted and which j
almost every large city in the Dnued
States now possesses.
Upon this point John M. Reynolds, who
has been very active in promoting the
movement for a municipal water system '
in this City, spoke substantially as follows
yesterday:
"Three" thousand citizens and nine or
ganizations have Detitioned the Board of
Supervisors to take immediate steps
toward the acquisition of public water
and light works. The petition was circu
lated, and all the work connected with it
•was done by volunteers without pay,
which demonstrates the public interest.
The fact that no community in the United
States has rejected such a proposition also
proves the popularity of any proposition
of this kind. Realizing that 'municipal
ownership of public utilities' is popular,
and also that it is a good moveraement,
the advocates of the nsw charter are en
deavoring to mase out that the new
charter will enable this City to acquire !
the water and light works. They have i
been guilty of misrepresentation, if taey j
are quoted correctly by the Examiner.
Tor instance, on March 6 a synopsis of the
new charter was printed in the Examiner, !
prepared for the Merchants' Association ,
by J. Richard Freud, in which he as
serts that the new charter provides that
the estimates of the value of public utili- I
ties made by the Board of Public Works
'shall be*submitted' to the voters.
•• Tnisfdssertion I challenge, and further
I will show that the provisions and limi- j
tations of the new charter are so many \
and so sirict that it certainly appears as j
if it have been framed by thecorporations 1
t emseives. Let the work speak for itself
and let the voters in and out of the Mer
chants' Association do their own thinking j
upon the subject. The general member- '<_.
snip of the Merchants' Association will
di-ap&rove of any misrepresentation, and
I believe tney will conclude that the new
charter is not what is wanted when they
read tLe following: Article VI, chapter 1,
section 3, page 76, provides that no order
or resolution shall be passed or business
transacted involving the approval of
bonds or resolutions of intention recom
mending work or improvement except by j
the concurrent vote of a!I said Commis- I
sior.ers— that is by the Board of Public
Works.
"Article 11, chapter 1, section 64, page
22, provides that before any proposition j
regarding public works shall be submitted
to the people the cost and value of such i
works snail be firs: made and recom- j
mended to be reasonable by the Board of
Public Works.
'•The same section provides that the !
Board of Supervisors 'shall' take into con
sideration lue existing plants if they are
desirable and can be acquired on terms as i
reasonable as such works could be pro- I
cured by construction. Article XIX, sec- j
tion 16, page 207, provides that no proposi
tion shall be submitted to the voters un- i
less three-fourths (nine) of the Supervisors
agree to sucn measures. Thus it will be
seen how securely the '"associated vil- j
iianies" have fortiiied themselves by ihe I
new charter. By c ;ntrolnnK one member j
of the Board of Public Works they can j
prevent any recommendation antagonistic
to their monopolies, as all the board muse I
concur. The Board of Supervisors cannot
submit any question regarding municipal
ownership except it shall be first recom
mended by the Board of Public WorKs
and even then nine of the Board of Super
visors must be in favor of the proposition,
and at last it requires two-thirds of the
electors belore the City can lie bonded to
buy or buiid public works. Since we rind j
these provisions in favor of the corpora- !
tions we may reasonably expect to un- i
earth others. 1 ask tne members of the !
Merchants' Association whether they are j
in favor of such restrictions and limita- j
tion? upon the progress of our City?
'This is now the only oity of its size in
the United States that does not own pub
lic water works, and a great many of the
other cities are moving toward acquiring j
other public work?. I ask them also to j
think: Who is it that is corrupting our j
City government? They must acknowl- |
edge that almost all the corruption can be j
laid at the door- of these rich corporation?, |
individuals and contractors. It is certain- !
jy not corrupted by the laborers, mechan
ics, small shopkeepers or dealers. They
have neither the time, money nor occasion
in bribe supervisors or other officials.
Therefore, it is self-evident that any law i
which places obstacles (which do not now ]
exist) in th* way of municipal ownership !
is very injurious to the future of our City, j
■The attention of citizens is called to tne |
fact that the advocates of tne new charter |
indorse municipal ownership, but say tdey I
want -the charter rirst.' They quote parts
of the new charter which autnonze the
{Supervisors to enter into negotiations for,
the acquisition of public water works in
order to win votes for the charter, but
tn. v tears <>ut the limitations and restric
tions above referred to. Is tnat honest? .
I- n uot dishonorable to cover up an im- ,
portant feature in anew law tnat is so ;
long and complicated that the people een- j
erally cannot fifed time to study and un- |
derstand it ? . _ . : j
"Tbereare other objectionable features ,
which will becaiietUo the attention of the
voters laicr. But for the present tins one
is enough to condemn the new charter and
a >o the advocates who have attempted to
misinform the public. The synopsis pre
pared by .1. Rici.anl Freud reads that the ,
f -'.mates of the Hoard of Public A or.es j
'shall oe submitted' to the people. I ask
Mr. Freud, Where in the new charter,
does *ie nnd such provisions?
"The DQbitc should bear fa rnina that
Ihe restrictions imposed by the new char- :
ter, which have been enumerated, do not J
now exist. Who askpd the Board of Free
holders to make it difficult to get the ques
tion of public ownership before the peo
ple? It is difficult enough now, but it
would be impossible to secure all the
Board of Public Works and nine of the
Supervisor?. As long as the 'associated
villainies' exist just so long will their fin
ger-marks be shown in every public meas
ure. The solution of the matter is to elect
a Board of Supervisors pledged and sworn
publicly to give the people an opportunity
to vote upon the subject of public owner
ship. They can be pledged so as to effect
this. Heretofore the matter of pledges
has been indefinite and in the hands of
poliiical bosses and conventions; but m
this matter it can be made a public prom
ise — posted by candidates uoon the bulle
tin-boards of our city — over their siena
tures t. at if elected they will do certain
things. >~o man would violate a pledge
thus proclaimed. We do not need
as many votes in the board now
as would be necessary under the new
charter. We are not hampered by
its other restrictions and complications.
Hence it will be much easier to purify our
City politics under the existing laws. That
is the object we should have in view and
we should look at the matter intelligently,
ascertain the causes of corruption and work
to remove them.
"As Mayor Swift of Chicago said to the
Civic Federation, 'Those who bribe and
corrupt our city governments are found
among theso-calied "respectable" citizens.'
Our politics cannot be improved by shift
ing the responsibility from Supervisors to
the Mayor, as the advocates of the new
charter* would have us believe.
••The purity of our City government is
the whole question at issue. It is because
I recognize that the greatest element of
impurity in municipal government is the
tempting bribe offered officials by wealthy
corporations and individuals that I feel
certain that the only way to do away with
this great feature of corruption is for the
City to own and operate all its utilities.
Moreover, the experience of other cities
demonstrates beyond argument lhat, under
all conditions and circumstances, the cost
to the consumers is always very much less
under public ownership.
"There is another form of corruption,
the incompetency of clerks and employes,
which certainly needs attention. It must
be admitted tnat civil service reform is
necessary, but we must not sell our birth
right for 'a mess of pottage.' This in
competency and dereliction of employes
can be cured under present forms. It
would be well to have all candidates for
Supervisor pledge themselves to use their
power over appropriations to compel
other otiicials to conduct their business
under proper regulations.
"The greatest factors, however, for evil
are the corrupting influences, the bribers
who have or are seeking franchises and
contracts. They are constantly at work to
elect their tools and will continue to do so
as long as t:ey are permitted to exist.
Therefore in the interest of good govern
ment 1 ask the Merchants' Association,
and the citizens ccnerally, to be careful
about voting for the new charter which
the corporations have had so constructed
as to defeat any public maasure looking
toward release from their monopolies.
Especially is this warning directed to the
members of the Merchants' Association,
as they have through their representatives
declared for public ownership. Such
declarations are inconsistent with advo
cacy of the new charter."
MR. GADEN'S PAPER.
Advocating: the Charter Before the
Institute of Applied Chris
tianity.
At a meeting of thf- Institute of Applied
I Christianity last evening George T. Gaden
, read a very interesting paper on "Law and
; Order and the New Charter." in which he
spoke of the proposed new City charter as
: follows:
No doubt the adoption of the new charter
■ will be objected to by many, for the most part
by politicians ana their bosses, on tlie ground
; that the experience of large cities In their
j mayors does not warrant vesting in that exec
utive sto much power. But does i'>e experience
of these same cities under mayors without
power prove that system to be a better one?
The latter has been tried and it has always
j failed. The first, up to this time, has only been
I partially tried.
Another objection to the charter will be that
the system ii proposes gives too much patron
age to the Mayor, so much the worse for him.
i 'ihe distribution of patronage makes enemies
j as well as irlends. No man in America ever
i undertook to build up a personal party or per-
L petuate power by means ot it successfully.
tfhali we rather have patronage in ihe hatius
of boards, in whose secret, councils it is par
celed out? Is it not belter to submit to the
minor cvii oi an executive with too much pat
ronage than to accept the greater oue uf an
executive with too little power?
Again, some will say: "What reason have I
to expect the people will choose the proper
man tor Mayor ?" if they will not, that i.» a de
fect lor which a remedy ran be lound when
the evil presents itself. We believe they will.
! The more importance given to the cilice the
i more importance the people will attach to
their selection of a man to rill it, and the more
likely is it that the most capable and trust
worthy man among us will be willing to accept
! it. Concentrate the attention oi the peopio
upon the election of the Mayor as the oue and
i only thing they have to do with the executive
i branch of the City's government.
A rich man iv New York once expressed hu
disgust at our system of government because
his coachman's vote could offset his. He was
| told that his coachman probably paid more at
tention to public affairs than he dia. The
same rich man was met at the polls some time
after with his hands full of tickets, the tickets
I full of names <md his iuce full of pemU-xity
! and desy>air. He asked a friend: ''What are all
i these names we have to vote ior to-day?" To
' which the iriend replied: "I know of no per
i son who can give any better information on
■ that poiut than your coachman, whom 1 saw
here a few moments, ago." If this worthy citi
zen had had to vote simply for the Mayor and
I a common Councilman he would not have
! been in that perplexing condition.
But again it is said: If we give a Mayor so
' much power, how are we to restrain him from
I abusing it? The answer to tnis objection has
i bt- i-i: made farther back in thete pages, but let
it once more be emphasized: Fir^t, there Will
be the restraint of tne Mayor's consciousness
that ho is responsible Jor all maladministra
tion; second, on him will concert irate the crit
icism of the powerful press, and his will be
the shame before public opinion.
Ileterring to the police, let us urge that the
Mayor be made commander-in-c^i^f of the
police, just as the Governor is oi the National
ouard of the State. Let the Mayor appoint ■
i secretary of police who shall bear to aim and
! to the force the same relation as the adjutatu-
I general does 1 to the Governor and the National
] Guard. Let him be put in actual command of
■ thf force and hold office long enough to enable
i him to perfect organization and discipline, and
make provision for his prompt suspension for
mlscbadoct and for his removal after trial be
fore a proper tribune.
Experience does not show that the posses
sion of property is a guarantee of public or
private virtue, or of fidelity even to the ordi
; nary duties of citizenship, but we are begin
i ning 10 know very certainly that some of tne
'■. most faithful and eflicient men in public and
j private life live poor and die poor. The wel-
I fare of a great city is almost lost sight of in
j the tremendous struggle for power and greed
I for personal gain. Partisanship has been our
I gieate&t curst— ihe greatest menace to our free
institutions. Ignorance is bad enough, but it
does not give such a deadly, blighting touch as
that of fanatical party slavery. People who
( are honorable in all ihe other walks oi life
; have stooped to the most villainous methods
! for party supremacy. A person is a good citi
j zen only in proportion to the interest he takes
! m public «ffair> and as he is freeii from party
j fee;iiig. Party is all right so long as the eitf-
I zen ines it lor a noble purpose, but when used
i ior private ends it becomes a merciless tyrant.
The question of the adoption of our new
charter ut the next election is not one of party
politics. It is a matter that touches to the
quick every citizen of ban Francisco, and I re
joice that the miphty press of thaCity is liit
: ing the whole subject from the low plane of
partisanship to that of patriotism and making
an indignant outcry against the corruption
and vice which ar»; sapping the foundation of
j our liberties.
Society is well governed only when the people
| obey those in authority aid the authorities
| obey the law.
W"e plead for the effective execution of the
! power and will of the people by their one
j chosen executive, subject to the restraints of
i trie Legislature, the judiciary and ihe law,
| without which system confusion ensues, Cor
! ruptkin creeps in and the responsibility bo
romei un-ettied. There can b« no danger oi
tyranny in clothing the ageut of the people to
execute the Mill of the people.
The Mayor of this <'ity, us we all know, is ab-
I solutely without power. Every bend of depart
; merit holds office independent of him, some
1 for a longer term than his own. By the ados
i tion of the new charter he becomes a live
; powiT in the government, not full grown, bat
■ growing. The benefits of such a system are
' acknowledged by all good citizens everywhere.
T:ie jw)iiticians and the bosses only will array
j themselves agaiust it, fur under the new
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896.
regime they behold visions of their ill-gotten
gains fast melting away.
To effect our redemption from under whioh
we are now groaning we must ell put our
shoulders to the wheel. Our form +i govern
ment demands political duty of every man. If
any among us habitually neglect it the very
stones should cry out to him when misgovern
ment comes, "Thou art the man- th» respon
sible man." Those who huve special advan
tages must take the heaviest burden and all
persevere as we do in other things in spite of
occasional disappointments.
We need not all attend primary meetings.
Voluntary associations oi men who desire noi
office for themselves, but good government for
all, can, as experience proves, exercise a pow
erful influence.
Political duties cannot be attended to by
proxy— by hiring others to do it for us. Our
brains ought to be worth more than our money,
end far less demoralizing in political work.
The people are quick to recognize the unselfish
purpose of the honest man, and those who seek
office will be anxious for such a man's favor.
Let us not trust to devices to make the rainoritv
control and govern the majority. That is not
Americanism. It is cunning; not wisdom.
Our forefathers did not invent a government
out of their own imaginations. They knew
that for centuries their ancestors in the Old
World had been struggling after responsible
government on the principle that power and
the accountability of the people should go to
gether, and upon that knowledge they built.
Lei us follow »heir precepts and example and
ire may hope to witness the steady, healthy
growth of^our country, our State and City.
The glory and strength of a State consists
not in its public edifices, its public works, its
monuments of public or private splendor &nd
magnificence, but in tne wider diffusion of the
elements of peace, prosperity and domestic
happiness among its people. The source of
strength in any land is to be found only in the
purity and vigor of character, the self-control
of the men and women who constitute it. Ita
true glory is in the geiieral diffusion of virtue,
peace and comfort among the homes of the
people. ,
Spring Opening;.
You are cordially irrvited to attend our
special exhibit of imported hats and bon
nets Wednesday and Thursday, March 11
and 12. No cards. Seavey's, 1332 Market.*
WOOD WILL BE TABOOED
Only Stone Will Be Used in
Golden Gate Park Struc
tures.
The Beautiful Classic Colonnade May
Take Years in Construction.
Work in Concert Valley.
The Park Commission has changed its
original ideas regarding the scheme for a
noble peristyle that was to serve a double
purpose at the westerly end of Concert
Valley. There will be no peristyle for an
other year at least, and even then there
may not be one. Its existence depends
altogether upon circumstances dominated
by finances in years to come.
As with this proposed colonnade, so is it
with every other superstructure now in
contemplation or' to be considered in
future for Golden Gate Park. Time alone
will see their realization, for the commis
sion has come to the conclusion that from
henceforth all park buildings of any im
portance must be of stone or marble, or at
least of enduring materials that will pos
sess the elements of beauty and di-nity
This means that the wooden age is a thing
of the past in Golden Gate Park; that the
temporary wooden structures lacking
beauty are to no longer spring up among
the trees and green lawns as unsightly
intrusions upon the landscape.
The Snaron cottage in contrast with the
frame buildings had powerful influence on
the commission, and now that tne new
lodge is almost finished the effect of soft
coiored gray stone and terra cotta tiled
roofs has so far eclipsed the old styie
houses doubts have been dissipated on
this score. The commission with these
object lessons in view has decided that
nothing but substantial and ornamental
structures shall be erected. This will re
auire years to accomplish, but then, it is
argued", these buildings are for all time,
and, therefore, should be of stone and pos
sessed of all tne grace and monumental
character obtainable only in that material
or in marble.
One thing is certain, the grand peristyle
will not be built of wood. It was seen that
sir.cc this proposed colonnade was to be a
Classic adornment and one of the most im
posing features of Golden Gate Park, flimsy
wood worn would be wholly out ol place,
and beyond failing to express all the de
sign intended, be nothing more or less
thiin an eyesore. So the plan to build of
wood has been abandoned.
"t'br the present we have given up the
peristyle altogether," said Park Commis
sioner Austin yesterday.
"All the money at our command for this
fiscal year has been expended, or is already
appropriated for work now in hand. For
mat reason further improvements are out
of the question, at least until the next
fiscal year, when we will have more money
to figure on. The peristyle, however, is a
thing of the future, and it may be years
before it will have been built. The propo
sition to build it of wood has been dropped.
Our opinion now is that only stone should
be used, even if it costs a great deal more.
To build of stone, however, means an
enormous outlay — something like $225,000
Joe Redding estimated it. Now it would
not oe possible to expend such a large
sum in any one year, unless some wealthy
man came along and generously gave tlje
money.
"But if the peristyle is to be built at all,
and I have every reason to believe that it
will, only stone will be used. Since we
could not appropriate enough in one year
to paj - for the whole thing, we propose to
build the peristyle piecemeal, just as we
have done with other large undertakings.
Tne boulevard and Stow Lake, for in
stance, were taken up kit this way. In a
few years the work would be completed
and then the park would have an impos
ing and beautiful structure tnat would
shut out the winds from Concert Valley
and be an object of interest to everybody
visiting the place.
"As time and opportunity offer the
present wooden buildings will be re
moved."
PROTECTION OF STREAMS.
Constitutionality of the I>«brU Com*
niisKion in Dispute.
The case of the United States against the
North Bloom field mine we? argued before
Judge McKenna in the United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday. Assistant District
Attorney Knight represented the Govern
ment and ex-State Senator Cross appeared
for the defendant. It was a test case.
Suit was brought against the operators of
the mine in question in order to make
them comply with the provisions of the
Caminetti act of March 3, 1893, establish
ing the Debris Commission. The defend
ants refused to recognize the commission
as having any authority over the manner
of their operating the mine, since their
irapo ending dams protected the streams.
They claimed that Congress had no power
in the premises unless injury was being
done the streams.
District Attorney Knight set forth the
claim of the Government to the effect that
the'Caminetti act provided that the Sac
ramento and San Joa-iuin river systems
must come tinder U:e supervision and con
trol of the commission.
Judge McKenna overruled the demurrer
of the defendants and entered a plea of
abatement. If the Government is sus
tained the constitutionality of the Cami
noiti act will be finally settled.
The North Bloom Held mine is located in
Nevada County. It is a wealthy corpora
tion and took the initiative in testing the
constitutionality of the act creating the
commission. Many other mines will be
affected by the decision of the court in
this particular case.
The river which supplies Chicago with
water is described as "the sewer of the
place." At certain times of the year the
stream is very polluted.
PASTOR BROWN
UNDER CROSS FIRE.
The Reverend Gentleman
Will Be Placed on the
Stand To-Day.
MUST EXPLAIN MATTERS
The Doctor Will Be Asked to
Show Cause for Assisting
Mrs. Tunnell.
MRS. COOPER'S NEW EVIDENCE.
Attorney Nicholson Says Detective
Bickford Had the Overman Let
ters for Sale.
If the Rev. Dr. Brown is sufficiently well
this morning he will appear before the
ecclesiastical council for cross-examina
tion. The reverend gentleman gives no
outward evidence of mental suffering fur
ther than that which would manifest it
self in any man of equal prominence rest
ing under the charge of immoral conduct.
Dr. Brown fully appreciates the fact
that he is on trial for his life, or what
must be equally dear — his ministerial
reputation. The ordeal which confronts
him to-day, or to-morrow, or Buch time as
his physical condition will admit of his ap
pearance before the twenty sworn repre
sentatives of American Congregationalism,
is of necessity a most trying one.
The accused pastor has to deal not only
with his own statement but with that of
Miss Overman and Mrs. Stockton as well.
He must tell why, after Mrs. Stockton had
lured him to her room, as he says, and
imprinted on his lips a kiss the echo of
which is still heard, h« later on admitted
her into full membership in the church.
The judges cannot as yet see why some
thing more than forgiveness did not form
a part of his thoughts at that time. They
argue that the unsolicited osculation
should have been a warning of Mrs. Stock
ton's possible intentions.
Dr. Brown will be asked about the letters
written to Miss Overman on the occasion
of that younsi ladyVvisit to Tacoma.> He
will be asked to produce, if possible, such
letters as he might have received from her
during this same period.
Then there is the matter of sending
money to Mrs. Tunnell. The council has
not yet grasped the full spirit of the motive
which Dr. Brown says prompted him to
send ?20 to Miss Overman's aged friend.
He has admitted that his wealth is con
fined to the four figures received as pastor
of the First Congregational Church. One
half of this sum the doctor claims is spent
in various charities, so it may De possible
tnat he will say he regarded the fugitive
witness as a person very much in need of
a helping hand. The fact of Mrs. Tun
nell's earnest endeavor to find work and
then leavinir it the moment she is located
would indicate that she is acting under in
structions from some one. Whether that
person is Dr. Brown, Miss Overman, or
both, or neither, remains to be proven.
These are but a few of the things Dr.
Brown will be called on to explain away.
There is the cro!>s-examination concerning
the payment of $500 to Mrs. Davidson, and
his constant calling on that lady to lead
in prayer, after he knew her to be an ex
tortioner. There are a hundred other
questions, each equally as pertinent as any
here enumerated, which the accused man
must satisfactorily answer before, his
judges are able to reach an intelligent con
clusion.
Deacon Morse received the following
dispatch yesterday, which is self-explana
tory :
Kalamazoo, Mich., March 9. 1896.
First Congregational Chvrch, San Francisco,
Cal.: The First Congregational Church of
Kalamazoo, Mich., last evening passed, with
out a dissenting voice, the following preamble
and resolution:
Whxbsab, We have watched with sad inter
est the examination of the charges of immoral
conduct preferred against our lormer pastor
and friend, Rev. C. O. Brown; therefore,
Resolved, That we express our abiding faith
in the entire innocence of our suffering
brother— a faith founded upon years of per
sonal intercourse and Christian association
with him and upon the knowledge, so far as it
i* given intimate associates to have knowledge,
of his stainless and incorruptible manhood. —
Daily News.
Attorney Nicholson is indignant at the
statements credited to Detective Bickford
concerning the latter's visit to his office.
"This man Bickford came here," said
Mr. Nicholson yesterday, "and, afteT tell
ing me that he had the Overman letters,
remarked that he would like to sell them—
they were worth at least $1000. He claimed
to have secured the incriminating docu
ments from Mrs. Tunnell's satchel.
"I was not at all pleased that he should
have selected me as one likely to further
his nefarious scheme, and plainly told him
so. 1 also said that he was engaged in a
very dangerous Dusiness, one, in fact,
which was a crime punishable by im
prisonment. This did not seem to pbase
him in the least. He called three times,
and when he finally saw that I would
have nothing to do with him in that way
he went to another man with a similar
proposition. That was the last I saw of
Bickford, but I am willing to make oath
before the council to all this.
"I have perfect faith in Dr. Brown's in
nocence, and when this matter came up I
felt if I could do him any good by telling
him of Bickford : 8 proposition it was my
duty to do so. I do not care what Mr.
Bickford says about the matter, for I have
proof of all that 1 have said, and, if neces
sary, can produce it before the council."
Mrs. Davidson says that Mrs. Tunnell
left San Francisco because it was to her
interest to do to. Of course, Dr. Brown
and Miss Overman are incalculably bene
fited by this absence, so it is radically
seen why the former contributes to her
support. "Mrs. Tunnell is a poor woman."
Mrs. Davidson said, "and has now reached
the time of life when she car.not support
herself. Up to twelve months ago she had
an income from her brother, but that has
since been cut off, as has also the small
sum infrequently contributed by her son.
"Mrs. Tunnell is an invaluable witness
for Dr. Brown and Miss Overman, but her
worth comes not from her presence here,
but from Lei success in remaining away.
She knows too much, and if once she were
placed on the stand, however straight her
story might be at first, I am confident that
she could not stand the tire of a cross-ex
amination."
Mrs. Cooper is in constant receipt of let
ters congratulating her on the successful
fight she has made in what she deems the
cause of truth and righteousness. There
also come to her daily what purport to be
new charges against Dr. Brown. Some of
these she has placed in the hands of the
committee of charge's; others she is run
ning down herself. Mrs. Cooper said yes
terday that if the lead she is now follow
ing results in anything it will be of even a
graver nature than all that has preceded.
Just what this evidence is she declines to
say at present, thougn she will probably
lay ir before the council some time to-day.
Miss Overman and Dr. Brown were
much better yesterday. True, visitors
were not admitted, yet the pastor's wife
said that her charges were so far improved
as to admit of their attendance at to-day's
session of the council.
The council will meet this morning at
10:30 o'clock and will hold continuous ses
sions until the case is ended. It is ex
pected that Dr. Brown will be the first
witness called. When his cross-exaniina-
tion is concluded evidence in rebuttal will
be introduced. As already stated this
Consists of the testimony of Mrs. Barton,
Harry Bickford and John Pierce, which
has already been outlined in The Call.
MRS. DAVIDSON'S ATTITUDE
Her Attorney Says That She Will
Not Ask for the Indictment of
Mattie Overman.
George A. Knight, attorney for Mrs. Dp
vidson. was asked yesterday if there was
any truth in the rumor that his client
would take steps to have Mattie Overman
indicted by the Grand Jury. He 9aid:
"There is nothing; true in it. We have no
fight to make on Dr. Brown or Mattie
Overman. We have no bricks to pull out
SARAH MADDERN AS THE WIDOW Al IHli BALDWIN.
of the church and no mud to throw at any
one. The proposuion is simply this: They
have been trying to railroad Mrs. David
son to State prison, and she is not going
there. We are not seeking to send any om
where she does not want to go,"
Frank Maskey, foreman of the Grand
Jury, was asked if there had been any dis
cussion in the jury-room on the subject of
the probable indictment of Mattie Overman
and replied that he ki;ew nothing of the
case beyond what he had read in the news
papers. He believed that the courts were
accessible to any one who desired the ar
rest of the woman.
THE STRANGLER AT WORK
He Finds Another Unfortunate
Victim Among the Fallen
Women.
FINGER MASKS ON HER NECK
The Woman Was Called Blanche— The
Fiend Forced a Handkerchief
Down Her Throat.
Another shocking murder of a lowly
woman by strangulation was committed at
27 St. Mary street by an unknown fiend at
about 2 o'clock this morning.
The woman's name was Bertha Paradis,
but Blanche was the name by which she
was known by her associates. Her con
sort, Caesar Chebart, noticed that the
front blind wbb gone from the window
casing.
He waited until 2:30 o'clock and, becom
ing anxious, entered her apartments and
found her lyineon the bed half dressed with
a bandana handkerchief forced down her
throat and deep finger marks on her
neck, showing how the deed had been
committed.
Chebart at once ran outside and blew a
police whistle and Officers Richter and
Colon responded.
They investigated to see if robbery had
been the motive for the crime, but found
that her money had not been taken.
August Miller, a barkeeper in the
saloon on St. Mary and Pine streets, said
that he served the woman with drinks at
1:80 o'clock.
As he was leaving the place after serving
the refreshments he saw a man enter the
woman's room, but the barkeeper cannot
give a description of the man.
Blanche was a native of France and
spoke but little Enclish. She was about 24
years old and of pleasing appearance.
The police say that this morning's crime
is similar in many respects to the one
committed a few weeks ago on Morton
atreet.
So far they are unable to obtain the
slightest trace of the murderer.
AT THE CITY PLAYHOUSES.
Hoyt's "A Milk White Flag"
Waved at the Bald
win.
THE HOOLAH AND MIKADO.
John L. Sullivan at the Columbia
and " Silver King" at the
Grand.
There was a large audience at the Bald
win Theater last evening to laush at
Hoyt's latest contribution to dramatic
literature, "A Milk White Flag." The
play is supposed to be satire, but it hardly
comes up to that grade. It is light, bright,
brisk and funny, and is sure to enlist
good audiences throughout the sea
son. It may not be the best form
imaginable in satire or burlesque
to make fun of a funeral— even a military
funeral — but there is something so absurd
in the Ransome Guards of the militia
seeking to surpass a rival military com
pany by the splendors of a funeral that it
is irresistible. The reanimation of the
corpse and the conversion of the funeral
into the fir t grand annual resurrection
ball is a happy hit.
The stage scene of the court-martial in
the opening of the third act is very effec-
tive, and throughout the piece there are
marches, songs, grouping of figures and a
lot of side business that render the pro
duction captivating.
The precise military bearing which the
colonel exhibits in puttlne on his uniform
to take a drink and then divesting himself
of his regalia when the drink is taken, is
funny enough. The songs, "Without
Him, What's the Band?" and "I Love My
Honey," caught the fancy of the audience,
and so did the whistling business.
Charles Stanley's Napoleonic makeup
was good. John ilarble was the under
taker, and a clever actor in his line. The
widow, her daughter and the vivandieres
contributed to the gayety of the play.
There are three acts in the play, and it is
on the bills for three weeks.
At the Columbia.
The hundreds of people who crowded Powell
street outside of the Columbia Theater last
nigrM gave the impression that "standing
room" was at a premium at John L. Sullivan's
first performance. It was not. however, for the
theater was but fairly crowded, just enough to
satisfy the management, ana considerable
room to spare.
The play, "The Wicklow Postman," merits
atten lion, and the cast is good. But there is
no denying the fact that the audience came
principally to see the great John L. Sullivan.
The lower part of the house was well tilled,
and though it might seem strange, ladies pre
dominated. As the even-ing drew on the hou^e
became more crowded, the male element step
ping in to vitness Sullivan's set-to with Paddy
Ryan, which takes place after the drop-cuf
tain.
Charles E. Davies, better known as "Parson,"
introduced the two pugilists in a clean cut and
genteel speech, calculated to reassure tn«
ladies, and intended mainly to keep the gal
lery from undue levity. Then Paddy Ryan,
the old familiar favorite, made his bow. He
was recognized in a moment, and cheer after
cheer rose as his welcome.
Sullivan followed, and as he waddled his
portly frame to the tootlights the noisy greet
ing could be heard out on the street, where it
\i ''.'. .NEW TO-DAY. _^_^__^_______^^
Constant Crowds
. Oi appreciative buyers thronged our store last week.
When we advertise a bargain, the public knows it IS
a bargain.
. Our Wholesale Tailoring Department is in charge of
competent, experienced men,. possessing a thorough
knowledge of their business. In material, workman-
ship, fit, finish and trimmings, our made-to-order
suits have never been surpassed tailors who charge
more for their reputation than for their goods, and
the price has NEVER BEEN EQUALED. •'
Swell, Dressy Suits, $10 to $20.
- ' Made to order, from finest texture, dark or light shades.
Trousers to Order, $3 to $6.
No use payinz $8 to $12 ; it's a waste of money.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
JEHSKM&jB 541 a r r ect
■gomery St.. opp. Mllla Building: . -%#TW?l;ai , I .J'V^-V' *■*-■■■■
was taken up by the impecunious, who echoed
It back. The three short rounds of sparring in
ring costume amounted to little from a scien
tific or earnest standpoint, out it showed that
Sullivan is »till able to get around in a lively
manner under his 277 pounds of weight.
The author of the Wicklow Postman has
written it on novel lines, sketching out char
acters that have heretofore remained In the
background in Irish comedy-dramn. Of course,
he has put in it the emotional, the love scenes
and the hatred. He has uot overlooked the
pathos and humor, but he has managed to do
away with the bla ikthoru and the red-coated
soldiers.
Fortunately the company is very good.
Eugene O'Rourte, the postman, is as clever an
Iri*h comedian, as one would expact to listen
to. His singing, in a strong barytone voice,
especially when he renders "Arrah, Go On," L*
positively touching. Norman Campbell, the
cunniug Scotchman, gave a particularly clever
character sketch. The ladies of the company
are bright and very pretty. They are: Miss
Belle Dolan, Miss Marie dc Cumpi and Miss
Ella Wilson.
The Grand Opera-House.
'•The Silver King" was put on in effective
style at Morosco's Opera-house last evening,
and the theater was filled in all circles. The
Sullivanese attraction up town may have taken
away for an eveninp some of the regular play
goers, but the drawing power of the "Silver
King" recruited others to fill the vacancies.
The leadine part 01 Wilfred Denver was ablw
sustained by Darrell Vinton. The part of Net
lie Denver, Wilfred's wife, was acceptably
taken by Essie Litteil. The melodrama was in»
terpreted by the full strength of the Morosco
company.
E. J. Holden, who was formerly with Morosco
on Howard street, was in the cast last evening
and received merited recognition.
Alcazar Theater.
The last week of the Carleton Opera Com
pany and the farewell engagement of Mr.
Carleton began at the Alcazar last evening.
There was a double bill. Tne first attraction
was the comic opera entitled "The Charity
Gins'' and the second "The Mikado," in which
Mr. Carleton has gained deserved renown aud
sustained a leading place.
Mr. Carleton sang by special request the
famous Trilby song, "Ben Bolt," and voiced it
so effeetively'that the audience insisted on a
repetition.
The Tivoli.
The audience at the Tivoli last night was a
shade lighter than usual, but the singing and
stage equipment of "The Hoolah" were fully
up to the standard of the house. The music
was pleasing and animated and surely won the
favor of listeners. Ferris Hartman as Hoolah-
Goolah, tlie Hoolah, and Carrie Roma as Ba-
Douche, an ex- ballet dancer, sustained leading
roles.
The Orphenm.
The Athos family, Charles B. Ward, Kachel
Walker, the De Filippis, the Andersons, Willis
and Collins, Alburtus and Bartram, the Ross
leys, the Wiltons and Les Freres Diantas caused
the Orpheuni to be crowded to the doors last
night.
The Auditorium.
There was another large crowd at the Audi
torium last evening to listen to end witness
tne marvelous performance of Miss Anna Eva
Fay. This lady seems to have made a mistake
in making her engagement contract so shortin
this City.
A SHIP'S HARD LUCK
When Ready for Sea the Strath
don Was Run Down by
the Queen.
Now She Is Hard and Fast in the
Mud Alongside the Union
Iron Works.
The collision between the steamer Queen
and the British bark Strathdon seems to
have been an unlucky affair for the latter.
After the vessels were separated it was
found that the sailing craft had her jib
; boom fractured. She was towea to the
i Union Iron Works and there her damages
i were repaired. In the meantime the
j Queen has been made as good as new and
is now on her way to Portland, but the
Strathdon is still hard and fast at the iron
works.
When an attempt was made to dock her
it was found that there was a bank of mud
in the way. Extra steam was got on the
j tug and the Strathdon was finally got
I alongside. This was during the spring
tides, however, and the rise and fall has
I gradually been getting less ever since.
j Several days ago an attempt was made to
| move the big ship, but it failed. Last
i Sunday three tugs were sent, but they
f could "not budge her. Yesterday two of
' the most powerful vessels in the bay made
j another attempt, but. after pulling out one
i of her chocKs they gave it up in despair.
The chances are that part of the Strath
i don's cargo will have to be discharged be
' fore sh« can be got out of her bed of mud.
| In the meantime, however, Goodall, Per
-1 kins & Co., the owners of the Queen, are
j paying $153 a day demurrage to the owu
: ers of the vessel, and they fail to see where
! the fun comes in. They have willingly
I paid for all the damage the vessel sus
i tamed, but think it is rather hard to be
! compelled to pay the demurrage because
the vessel is stuck in the mud and can
not be got off.
Another attempt will be made to get the
i vessel off at high water this morning, and
i if it fails the work of lightening will at
: once begin. The Strathdon was loaded
with wheat and all ready to sail for Eng
land when the accident happened. Cap
tain Philips Jr. is fretting over the delay,
j as he does not consider the demurrage
makes up for His loss of time.
Personating a Deputy Sheriff.
L. H. Marloch, a roomer at the Olympic
lodging-house, 904 Kearny street, swore out a
warrant in Judge Joachimsen's court yester
day for the arrest of M. C. Hogsn oa the
charge of impersonating an officer. Mar
loch stated thai Hogim went to the lodging
house on Sunday, representing that be was a
deputy sheriff, aiid removed a lot of goods be
longing to a man named Crooks. He also took
Mafloch's clothes and upon the latter object
ing Hojran told him to call upon Sheriff
Whclan yesterday morning and taey would oe
returned" to him. lie called and was indignant
to learn that Hogan was not & deputy sheriff.
There are at the present time over 15,000
cabdrivers in London.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free:
Telly end Sunday Cam .one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Tally Utd Sunday Call, one year, by mail.... 6.00
D»l!y find Sunday Cam.. flx months, by ma!!.. S.OO
I)«Uy and Sunday Calv., three mon<hs by mall 1.60
leilV and Sunday Call, one month, by malL. .65
Sunday Call, one .year, by mall .'•• l>so
WktKLV Call, one yenr, by ma 11.... 1-60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market street,
Pan Francisco, California.
Telephone..... ...... Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:.
517 Clay Street.
Telephone -^^ M»ln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery btreet, corner Clay: open until
1:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 l.arkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\V . corner Sixteenth and ilission streets;, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 MUslon street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 2vinth btreet ; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICB t
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Kooms 51 and 32, 34 Tarfc Row . New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, special Agent.
TUESDAY 7 MARCH 10, 1596
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Once more tiie State Committee.
Politics has begun to understand itself
and the confusion is about over.
It is no injury to the average monopoly
politician to have a head put on him.
Republican harmony will be manifest as
soon as the State Committee sounds the
keynote.
As the Republican State Committee has
the key to ihe situation it should meet
and apply it.
The triple alliance is very cood for home
consumption in Europe, Dut it won't stand
export to Africa.
If the Democratic party cannot get a man
for the Presidency it had better advertise
for a new woman.
It is one of the paradoxes of the time
that the campaign is being opened every
where with a deadlock.
The revival of prosperity is one thing at
any rate in which the East is glad enough
to follow the Western lead.
It is a clear thing that Democracy will
never manage to get salt on the tail of the
Whitney bird in this campaign.
Europe may not yet confess that Cen
tral Africa is too hot for her, but she will
admit it is very tropical in spots.
That Sullivan is still capable of a good
blow is proven by the fact that he con
tinues to claim the championship.
The best way for our tournament to
break the bicycle record is to make a record
that will stand for a month or two.
Even in England the belief is growing
that the poetry of Austin is more like that
of a court fool than a poet laureate.
Ballington Booth may start a new move
ment, but it will never move like the one
his father started nor go half so far.
The attempt to put the Republican party
on a railroad side track has failed and the
way is now open for full steam ahead.
Ti.ough Rudini succeeds Cnspi it i 3 not
certain ne regards the succession as any
great success. He has been there before.
General "Weyler gives the Cubans ten
days of grace, and Cleveland has just that
much time in which to make up his mind.
"While the recognition of her independ
ence would give Cuba a moral support
Congress might go further without being
immoral.
It seems to be the policy of King Hum
bert to fight the Abysslnians until he wins
a victory and then quit and call it peace
with honor.
Alameda got ahead of San Francisco in
the publication of official results of milk
inspection, but we can follow her fast
enough to get even.
Japan has applied to our Government
for ship models for her new navy, but she
would do better to apply to our builders
and get model ships.
The Spanish Government is evidently
doing the best it can to suppress the riots
against Americans, and for that much of
wisdom it deserves full credit.
Sullivan's announcement of a desire to
revive pugilism may not win praise, but
inasmuch as it implies he is not trying to
elevate the stage it is gratifying.
The general result of al' the trials of al
leged Cuban filibusters in the East has
be n a verdict of not guilty, with a warn
ing from the court not to do it any more.
Since the members of the Democratic
Junta have beeun sending ultimatums to
one another the -whole combination might
as well make the thing ultimate and quit. !
If it be true the cathode ray can cure the
toothache without killing the tooth we
have at last struck something that is going
to fill a long-felt want better than gold
itself.
So long as the railroad attends to its own
business nobody interferes with it, and it
never comes into antagonism with the
public except when it is interfering with
the public.
Senator Davi9 of Minnesota is one of the
favorite sons who is finding out that to
hold his State in the hollow of his hand is
one thing, but to keep it from spilling
over is another.
The announcement that the strike is off
on the Tanialpais scenic road is good news.
The best scene the road can show now is a
fcene of steady industry and progress until
the work is done.
In the heat of the dispute over their
rival insurance companies New York and
Prussia have so far ignored the United
States and Germany that the affair is be
ginning to be regarded by diplomatists as
one of extraordinary assurance.
The publication in The Call of the as
sessed value of Huntington's property in
Sacramento before he began railroad build
ing, reached Washington in time to catch
Huntington on the witness-stand and
make him take a second thought.
It was said of old that learning softens
the manners, but the world will take
notice that the worst displays of animosity
between the United States and Spain in
tiie present crisis have been made by the
students of universities in both countries.
ENCOUEAGING PEOSPECTS.
Although San Francisco is doing fairly
well In a commercial way, it observes
with Treasure a steady improvement and |
the sure prospect of a good year. Reports ;
from the interior of the State are exceed- |
ingly bright. With the opening of spring :
the mining industry is exhibiting un- i
wonted activity; investments, improve- j
meats and extensions being on a iarger i
s.cale than the State has ever witnessed be- j
fore. The last rains removed every doubt |
concerning the fruit crop, which not only ;
will be large from old orchards, but which
will be increased by an extensive new acre
age just coming into bearing. The high j
price of wheat has kept a stream of monty i
pouring into the State. The wines ready !
for market have Drought twice the price of i
former years, and the money for them is ;
in band. Organizations effected by pro- j
ducers in other lines promise results ,
equally good for the coming year. On top ;
of ail this is prodigious activity in devel- j
oping the oil resources of the State, in es- .
lablishing great irrigation systems, in the
conversion of waste water into electrical
energy for mining and manufacturing,
and in the founding of new colonies on a
sound, honest and extensive basis.
San Francisco is feeling this varied and
widespread stimulation. Owners of un- i
improved blocks are making extensive in
vestments in pavements and the like in
order to invite purchasers. As fast as
these lots are put in order they are placed
on sale, generally at auction, and that the
prices are eminently satisfactory is shown
by the fact that these improvements and
sales are constantly being made. Banks
have opened their vaults and money is j
[lowing freely at reasonable rates. That :
the people all over the City are eagerly |
clamoring for better streets is sufficient
evidence of their confidence and energy, '
but the best bign of all is the absence of
business failures and a general air of spirit I
and proeress. Never in the history of the
City has there been so much intelligent
determination.
These facts are already being recognized j
in the Eastern States ana are bound to
have an important effect. For instance, j
tne Bankers' Encyclopedia Monthly of Chi- j
cago quotes from the Call reports con
cerning the financial outlooK of the State j
and the estimate of a prominent banker,
ttiat not only are present conditions good,
but that the prospects are encouraging for |
even better things. The republication of '
these things by the Chicago monthly shows j
that the East is becoming interested in
California affairs and that capitalists are j
looking in this direction for profitable in
vestments.
The movement that is now steadily im
proving business in all sections of the
country might, in fact, be justly called the
Western revival. It bej:an in the West and
i 3 most noted in such Western industries
as mining and the settling of new com
munities. All the States feel it more or
less, but here it has had its origin and here
it will probably accomplish the greatest
results in the next decfcde.
THE COMING CENTURY.
A very remarkabie paper, entitled "The
Twentieth Century," was published m the
For>nn of August, 1895. The fact that it
appeared in that periodical and that it was
written by Justice Henry B. Brown of the
Tnited States Supreme Court may rightly
be taken to give the article an uncommon
value. The aim of the paper is to show
principally the evils which have arisen out
of a lax use of the republican idea of gov
ernment and to indicate the duty of the
twentieth century in correcting the abuses
to which the nineteenth century ha 9 given
birth. Among the numerous evils cited is
one thus treated:
After showing how incorporation is often
resorted to in establishing monopolies and
practicing dishonesty that would be diffi
colt for an individual, Justice Brown says: j
"Corporations are formed under the laws :
of one State for the purpose of doing busi- j
ness in another, and railways are built in
California under charters granted by States '
east of the Mississippi for the purpose of j
removing their litigation to Federal courts. ;
The grossest frauds are perpetrated in the
construction of such roads, which are built, !
not by the corporations owning them, for
the best price that can be obtained, but by j
the directors themselves, under guise of a!
construction company — another corpora- I
tion, to which are turned over all the bonds, '
mortgages and other securities, regardless \
of the actual cost of the road. The road is
equipped in the same way — by another
corporation, formed of the directors, which
buys the rolling stock and leases it to the ;
road; so that when the inevitable fore
closure comes, the stockholders 3re found
to have been defrauded for the benefit of !
the mortgagees, and the mortgagees de
frauded for the benefit of the directors.
Indeed, the process of reorganizing — or,
as it is popularly and often properly
known, 'wrecking' — corporations in the
interest of the directors has become an ex- '
ceedingly profitable if not a very reputable
industry. Property thus acquired in de
fiance of honesty ana morality does not
stand in a favorable position to invoke the
aid of the law for its protection."
Of course Justice Brown had the South
ern Pacific in mind, for not only has he
accurately described the rascalities of that j
corporation and the method by which it !
has plundered the Government, but there
is no other road to which his description
can apply. Apart from the high source
from which these utterances come is their j
fidelity to truth and the braring which !
they have on the duty of the Government j
with regard to the funding bill and the in- j
famous charter of the Southern Pacific ;
Company granted by the Legislature of
Kentucky. .
A VALUABLE LATEEAL.
The history of railroads in the United
States establishes conclusively the propo
sition that main or trunk lines of railroad
depend in a great measure for business
upon branch or lateral roads, known, prop
erly, as feeders. The main line is rigid
and inflexible — the lateral lines come from
this side and that, tapping sections of
country which the main lines can neither
reach nor control, and bringing business
it otherwise could not secure.
It is in this aspect that the Yosemite
Valley Railroad is to be considered in con
nection with the new and rapidly progress
ing Valley Railroad. The Southern Pacific
has had in contemplation for several years
the building of a railroad into Yosemite,
but it has done nothing except to project
plans on paper and then abandon them.
It has been reserved for certain persons
connected intimately and directly with
the Valley Railroad to undertake the
actual construction of a railroad into Yo-
Semite Valley and to put the scheme on
its feet on a genuine operative basis.
From Merced to the Yosemite is only
about eighty miles, and the building of
the roftd is attended with no insuperable
engineering difficulties; and, more than
that, the road wiil traverse a fine agricul
tural country, especially between Merced
and Snellings, and for a distance beyond,
and its construction will stimulate farm
ine and fruit-growing, since the agricul
turist and horticulturist will have a mar
ket open to them for their products.
Of course, the tourist trade will be the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 18'JS,
great object of the new road, and that in
itself should be sufficient to warrant the
construction of the road. Adding the
stimulus which this road will give to the
agricultural interest to the increased
tourist travel which comfort and conven
ience of transit will cause, it is safe to say
that the Merced and Yosemite road will
prove a valuable and lucrative lateral to
the Valley Railroad, and that it will prove
a thorn in the side of the corporatiou
which has so insolently arrogated to itself
the monopoly of railroad transportation
in the State of California.
A MAGIOAL CITY.
The description of Seattle furnished to
Monday's Call by Ernest E. Ling, assist
ant secretary of the Seattle Chamber of
Commerce, presents a wonderful cicture.
He might have premised it with the state
ment that Puget Sound is the most re
markable body of water in the world, its
counterpart existing nownere. It is a
great inland sea, extremely narrow for its
length, and its crooked shore, mostly a
high bluff, is indented by numerous arms
and bays, all penetrating regions rich in
natural resources. It is connected with
the Pacific Ocean by the Straits of Juan de
Fuca and faas a depth and size more than
sufficient to accommodate all the ships of
the world.
Unfortunately the settlement of the
Sound country a few years ago proceeded
with leaps far outstripping the develop
ment of its resources. A prodigious a*ui
disastrous boom made fortunes in a day
and swept them from existence in a night.
Seattle was the center of all this feverish
and unwholesome activity. In the very
height of its prosperity a fire destroyed its
property to the extent of $15,000,000, but it
quickly staggered to its feet. Then came
the bursting of the boom, followed in
stantly by a general financial depression,
and ruin stared the whole Sound region in
the face.
But the people knew of the natural
wealth of the country, and with stern de
termination set about, to develop it and
establish a legitimate prosperity. The
pine forests which had covered the ground
for incalculable ages had made a soil of
great fertility, and the comparatively
bland climate indicated the adaptability
of the country to the hieher forms of agri
culture. The forests themselves contained
lumber of incalculable value, and to re
move a small part of them and utilize the
wealth which they represented was only
to clear the ground for bountiful harvests
of fruit and grain. The inexhaustible
stores of iron in the near mountains were
opened, smelters and rolling-mills were
established and prosperity began slowly
to rise from the ashes of the boom.
It is imposEible to overestimate the
value of the resources which will assure the
coming greatness of the region. Con
venient to the iron mines are mines of
coal for smelters, rolling-mills and manu
factories. Food Doth from the ground
and tne waters of the sound can be secured
in unlimited abundance. Lumber, coal,
iron, grain, fruit and fish are the leading
sources from which prosperity will issue
under intelligent direction, and these re
sources exist in inexhaustible abundance.
Od one hand is the sound, open to the
ocean, and on the other four great over
land railway systems terminating at
Seattle. It would not be possible to rind a
richer combination of native resources
and facilities for developing them and
sending them to all parts of the world.
A POOLISH ACT.
The students of the Northwestern Uni
versity, at Evanston, near Chicago, did a
very foolish thing Saturday night, when
they destroyed a Spanish flap. In Spain
the students are doing just that foolish
thing with the American flag, and the
Spanish Government, to its credit, is en
deavoring to check such siUy and needless
acts.
While the young men of Valencia and
Madrid were tearing up our ensign, we had
the better of the argument, but now our
boys in the Northwestern institution have
spoilt in a measure our case. "We cannot
well protest against the insults to Old
Glory, when the Spanish colors lie torn
and trampled under foot in the dust
at Evanston. It was hoped that
no American citizen would forcet him
self so far as to attempt an imi
tation of the hot - blooded young
Spaniard who found a vent for his sur
charged feelings by walking over a bit of
bunting that had been made to represent
something he disliked. But that hope
was destroyed and now Spain can howl
around our consulates with logical im
punity.
It should not have been left for the
young men of one of our universities to do
what our lowest social class of citizens —
from which spring naturally the mob ele
ment—have so far refrained from doing.
But the Spanish flag has been in turn in
sulted, and the students at Kvanston
may find their fellows in Madrid retaliat
ing with fresh riotous outbursts at every
thing American. It was a very foolish
thing to do.
CURRENT HUMOR.
Deacon Jones— As I was coming through the
room I saw Mrs. Smith and Miss Robinson.
They were talking about the early martyrs.
Deacon Brown— lf there's any scandal a-going,
let them women alone for getting hold of it.
But what was- it the early martyrs had been
doing?— Boston Transcript.
Oil Upon the Troubled Waters.— Lady— All
your marine pictures represent the sea as calm.
Why dont- you paint a storm once in a while?
Artist— We painters in oil can't paint astorm.
I have often outlined a storm on the canvas,
but as soon as I began to spread on the oil
colors the waves subside, and the sea becomes
as calm as a duckpond. — London Tit-Bits.
"I think gold is being hoarded," observed
Manchester.
"Nonsense!" replied Birmingham ; "I was in
a bank yesterday and saw about two quarts o
gold coin on the counter."
"That's a fine way to speak of gold coin,
measuring it as though it were milk or cider."
'■'The expression is all right. Gold comes in
quartz."— Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
All Luck.— "Ef I nad your luck and you had
mine," said Dismal Dawson to one of his pros
perous clients, "I s'pose it would be me helping
you."
"Luck?" answered the prosperous one. "I
made all my money by hard work."
"That's whare the luck figures. You was
borned with a likin' for work. I wasn't."—
Indianapolis Journal.
Teacher— Suppose you were a king, Tommy
what would you do?
Tommy— l'd never wash my face any more.—
Woonsocket Reporter.
"Johnny," asked the clergyman, "if you
could have your way what would you do with
Sunday?' 1
"I'd postpone it until Monday," replied the
urchin.
"Then you think you wculd enjoy it?"
"Yes, I guess bo, for schools keep then, you
know."— Adams Freeman.
Jazmer— Why don't you make memoran
dums and then you won't forget things you
want to remember?
Grlbbs— l do, but I always forget where I put
them.— Roxbury Gazette.
De Vere— l heard s compliment for you to
day.
Miss Antique— lndeed! What was it?
De Vere— Young Chapman says you carry
your years well.— Town Topics.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
J. A. Becker, civil and mining engineer for
the Lucky Chance Mining Company at Sitka,
Alaska, and R. B. Markle, a mine-owner in the
same region, have just arrived from the
country wnere gold nuggets are kept on ice.
They are domiciled at the Russ.
They brought the Utest news from the new j
placer mines near Cooks Inlet, and tlie story is !
very interesting. The diggings are situated in
RO extensive region as yet unexplored and un- \
prospected. Last August a few prospectors j
returned from Cooks Inlet to Turn Agalu Arm,
and south of the arm they came upon fields j
rich in free gold. Tney got in places as high I
J. A. Becker, Who Brings the Latest News From the Alaska Placer Diggings.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
as $10 to the pan of coarse gold. The largest
nugget yet found is valued at .^4B. The soil is
composed of the washings and detritus of
glacier moraines.
Sixty miners remained, there all winter and
will be ready to go to work when the summer
opens in May, the season lasting from May to
December.
Turn Again Arm is a narrower continuation
of Cooks Inlet and turns from it to the east at
almost a right angle. Here the tide rises from
forty to sixty feet and travels down the Arm
co fast that schooners have traversed tl.e
eighty miles from the placer diggings to the
steamer terminus on Cooks Inlet in five hours
from the mouth of Resurrection Creek to
Tyone.
No quicksilver is used in panning out the
precious metal, because the ice-cold water pre- .
vents the Quicksilver from acting and all the
free gold is permitted to escape from the pan,
only the coarse gold being retained.
The mines are infested with an Intolerable
plague of mosquitos and gna ts, the gnats being
the worst. They gwarm about in millions,
and when the miners light fires to keep them
away the pesky little pests mingle with the
smoke and thaw themselves before their even
ing meal upon the tobacco and wliisky-flavored
blood of the gold-hunters.
There is lively competition in fares from San
Francisco to the gold fields. One can go from
here to the mouth of Turn Again Bay for $50,
and thence the route lies around Fire Island in
schooners and other small craft eighty miles
to the diggings.
S. K. Hagins, representing a wealthy Chicago
colonization syndicate, arrived in this City
yesterday after a two month's tour of the in
terior of the State, experting lands preparatory
to the inauguration of a colonization scheme
during the present summer at)d fall. He has
taken rooms at the Lick.
Mr. Hagins makes a rose-colored report of
that part of the State east of the Coast Range
and north of Tehachepi as far as Sacramento.
Ho says that it is far superior to Los Angeles In
variety, quantity and quality of horticultural
and agricultural products.
He was especially impressed with the won
derful fertility of the reclaimed land west of
Stockton on Roberts, Union and Bouldin
islands, where seventy-five Dushels of wheat to
the acre have been produced.
"The Valley road will infuse new life into
the valley of the San Joaquin," he said. "It is
a more than ordinarily well-built road, so far
as I have seen, and will vastly stimulate pro
duction in one of the most fertile valleys in the
world."
FLIGHT.
A hlctory tree in the valley grew;
The snows and sun and the spring rains fonnd It,
And shrill-voiced winds from Mio northward blew,
And the dews In the night time fell arouud it.
Deep into the earth its fibers crept,
And pierced the flint !n the depths down under,
Till the lightning out of the cloudways leapt
And the hickory fell and was split asunder.
And there by its side the shadowy marsh
A crane's nr-st held by the curving river,
Where the tall grass mingled, coarse and harsh,
With reed-beds broad and the sedge a-qulver.
And the tree and the egg and the stone lay there.
Hut shp-.N an-l shards at the? dim earth's portal,
As common things that could never dare
• The higher realms of the far inimorta!.
But an Indian wrenched from the tree a shaft.
And struck a flint from the roolc-ribbed ledges,
And a crane's qnlll picked from a tangled raft,
cf ree.ls and weeds oy the brown marsh edges.
And the arrow sped from his twanging bow
Till tne lonely blue vault of the sky was riven,
And that whirh was humblest lion; below,
Him at the last was nearest heaven.
Kbnkst McCUffky.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
JAPANESE IMPORTS.
A CORRESPONDENT THINKS THERK IS NO IMMEDI
ATE DANGER.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
A residence of nearly sixteen years in
Japan and a close intercourse "with the
natives of that country, both at .the out
ports and in the ? interior, have given ; me £ a
thorough ' insight into the character : of the
people and an intelligent idea of their de
sires :to become the rulers of the Orient both
in times of peace and war. ■. '..[.. ,., -■:: •....;;
1 1 have read with much interest the articles
on Japan •which have ; appeared from time to
time in your valuable journal and [ followed
closely the views expressed in your contempo
raries, and : notwlthstandin I the k statements
made by a few alarmists and ! _ the excitement
created in some circles by the various reports
of a Japanese invasion of our markets and a
•threatened supply of . Japanese manufactures
which bid fair to create havoc witb our indus
tries both on this coast and throughout Amer
ica. I am of opinion that the time is fardigtant
when such a disaster will occur, and there is
plenty oi time to legislate ; in : such a manner
that the crisis will be averted and in a manner
that we a will still retain , the • friendliness of
Japan and the respect with which they
now regard us. In the meanwhile it certainly
is not policy and is undoubtedly prejudicial
to the interests of the United States to agitate
this matter so freely in . the press, for the rea
son that the Japanese naturally see all the re
ports and the feeling that is beiner stirred up
in this country against' them. Their papers
copy these items which appear so often of late,
and naturally a feeling of i antagonism , is cre
ated, and anything American or of American
production is,-or will be boycotted. This can
readiiy be done, as the markets of the whole
world are open to Japan, and ' all are catering
for and willing to make extreme concessions
tj obtain the import trade of Japan. It is
especially unwise at this time, as representa
tives of me largest ship-building firms in the
United States are now in Japan doing their
utmost to obtain contracts for the building of
one or more of the several vessels which Japan
is soon to add to her navy.
Is it likely they will favor our countrymen
when we are rousing through the press a feel
ing antagonistic to ail things Japanese ? I
should certainly be inclined to thitiK— and 1
speak whereof I know— that we will be the
first to suffer in th-j matter which is now being
so publicly agitated. My idea is that to pre
vent the threatened disaster which some
alarmists anticipate a movement should be
made privately and gradually, and after an in
teilignnt snrvr ■>• of the field and ascertaining
wherein our danger lies. A few buttons— and.
by the way, has that contract ever been com
pleted ?— a few cases of matches, a few bales of
cheap rugs, some gross of toothbrushes,
shipped 10 dils country, and the establishment
of a watch factory in Osaka, have created all
this sensation.
When the steamers begin to bring cargoes
instead of a few packages of goods, which, ac
cording to some people, threaten to close our
factories and throw thousands out of employ
ment on this coast, then there will be time for
us to act and act intelligently and quickly,
and place such taxes on those importations
which threaten our industries— not only man
ufactures of Japan, but of any country whose
productions threaten home industries.
In the meanwhile let our people reach facts
as well as ficures, and they will see this agita
tion is created more for a political than an in
dustrial movement. H. H.
PERSONAL.
P. A. Buell, a lumber merchant of Stockton, is
at the Grand.
Senator J. C. Holloway of Cloverdale is so
journing at the Russ.
Adin Alexander, a mining expert of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
Bruce McClurg, the horseman, of Woodland
is at the Cosmopolitan.
K. M. Hadley, the hotel man, of Ogden is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Benjamin Recce of the Chicago Board of
Trade is here on a vacation.
Senator Frank McGowan of Eureka, Ilum
boldt County, is at the Lick.
M. Russek, wife and two daughters, of Jimi
nez, Mex., are at the Palace.
D. Casasas, a wine merchant of Santa Rosa, Is
visiting friends in this City.
Ex-County Clerk W. A. Shepherd returned to
his home in Fresno yesterday.
District Attorney C. E. Lindsay of Santa
Cruz is stopping at the Palace.
R. A. Brophy. captain of the Pittsburg police,
is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
Telfair Creighton, business manager of the
Los Angeles Herald, is at the Palace.
J. B. Foltz, a wealthy mining man of Foltz,
Nev., is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
Sam Jackson, a lawyer and promoter of
Fresno, is visiting this City on business.
T. J. Murray, a prominent mine-owner of
Volcano, Amador County, is at the Russ.
Albert Coffin of the Gloucester and Boston
Steamship Company is here on a pleasure tour.
R. R. Hind and wife will return to their
home in Honolulu on the steamer Australia
to-day.
Colonel H. Trevelyan, who is managing a
vineyard in Fresno for a British syndicate, is
spending a few days in this City.
Bishop B. C. Goodsell of the Methodist Epis
copal church will leave at the latter end of
this week for a three months' trip.
Frank H. Short, a leading attorney of Fresno,
is here on business. He has been retained as
one of counsel for Mrs. Theodore C. Marceau.
Vice-President Stubbs of the Southern Pacific
Company left last evening for New York, where
he will attend a meeting of the Transconti
nental Association.
Archbishop Riordan and Rev. P. C. Yorke,
Chancellor of the diocese, left yesterday for
Los Angeles. They will visit the principal
towns in Southern California during the next
two weeks.
On next Saturday President Colnon of the
State Board of Harbor Commissioners will start
for Los Angeles for a two weeks' vacation. He
will De accompanied by Mrs. Colnon and niece,
Mrs. Scott.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 9.— Among the
recent arrivals are: M. P. Ross, Holland; H.ed
Kießvandaesburgh. Mrs. B. Diekman, Mrs. A.
A. Grattan, St. Cloud; J. Kahn, Plaza; A.
Blum, H. L. Blum, R. H. Davis, G. Martin and
wife, Metropole: W. Bradford and wife, Gilsey;
J. H. Davis, St. Denis; Mrs. Frantzell, Marl
borough ; A. D. Moore, Hoffman ; R. Williams,
Sturtevant. ________^_____
THE APPOINTMENT OF CADETS.
in the course of the debate in the Senate on
the Military Academy appropriation bill, Mr.
Gray of Delaware called attention to the exist
ence of a very general misapprehension of the
terms of the law relating to the appointment
of cadets at West Point. The popular impres
sion is that the right of appointment belongs to
the Representative in Congress from whose
district the cadet is to be selected, except as to
the cadets at large, who are appointed by the
President.
This supposition is quite erroneous, for, as
Senator Gray points out, "there is nowhere in
the statues of the United States now a provision
of law that authorizes a Representative in Con
gress to nominate a cadet to the Military Acad
emy." The power to appoint cadets in tne
nrmr is vested in the President alone, and the
prevailing notion to the contrary is due to the
long-continued practice of the Executive to be
stow the appointments upon the young men
whose names are proposed by members of
Congress.
The statntory provision on the subject is
contained in 'section 1315 of the Revised
Statutes of the United States in these words:
The corps of cadets shall consist of one from
each Congressional district, one from each Terri
tory, one from the District of Columbia and ten
from the United States nt large. They shall be
appointed by the President, and shall, with the ex
cent ion of the ten cadets appointed at large.be
actual residents oi the Congressional or Terri
torial districts, or of the District of Columbia re
spectively, from which they purport to be ap
po ntPri.
l-rom this language it will be seen that the
intervention of members of Congress in regard
to appointments to West Point is simply a mat
ter of custom, growing out of the courtesy of
the President in requesting them to make nom
inations for him to confirm by appointing the
nominees.
In reference to the Naval Academy the law
is different. The Representatives and dele
gates in Congress have the legal right to rec
ommend persons for appointment as naval
cadets, and -the recommendation, if seasonably
made, must control. If not made within the
period prescribed by statute, tho Secretary of
the Navy fills ihe vacancy. The selection of
the candidate allowed for the District of Co
lumbia, however, and of all the naval cadets
at large is made by the President himself.—
New York Sun.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Miss Snsan B. Anthony has been given a re
ception in Rochester, N. V., in recognition of
her seventy-sixth birthday anniversary.
Rev. John Watson, better known to novel
readers as "lan MacLaren,'' has been chosen
to deliver the Lyman Beecher course of lec
tures at Yale.
Mark Twain, having had a very successful
tour in Australia and New Zealand, is now in
India. He is said to have collected material
for a new book of travels.
At Grenoble, the seat of the glove trade in
France, a statue has been erected to the mem
ory of Xavier Jouvln, who established the
trade there and thereby enriched the town.
It is said in Indianapolis that General Har
rison bas been invited to contribute a series of
articles to one ot the leading London maga
zines, with permission to choose his own sub
jects and name his own price for the work.
The library of Senator Allison, at his home
in Dubuque, lowa, is so large that the books
overflow the house proper, and many of them
are stored in the cellar. The value of the
library is said to be several timei that of the
house itseif.
Maitre Pouillet, one of the most eminent
lawyers in Paris, has begun an original work
or charity. He gives sittings at the Palais de
Justice at which he offers legal advice, free of
charge, to persons who cannot afford to em
ploy lawyers.
Mme. Marian S. Gambault of Pau, France,
who is a grandniece of Commodore John Paul
Jones, has offered to lend some relics of the
famous naval officer to the promoters of the
proposed National Museum in Independence
Hall, Philadelphia.
William E. Curtis, a well-known Washington
correspondent, has been selected by the Ways
and Means Committee of the House as an ex
pert to examine the tariff laws of other coun
tries and the statistics of commerce, ss as to
report how and to what extent the principle of
reciprocity can be applied in the commercial
relations of this country with them.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
Inclined to !'.«■ Hasty.
Los Angeles Express.
Spain was juet as hasty in 1661 as she was
yesterday.
Some Difference.
Los Angeles Express.
There is some difference between the woman
who goes shopping and she who goes out to
buy. . ■ in
United States Allows No Filibustering.
Pasadena Star.'
Spain cannot complain that Uncle Sam has
not been diligent In stopping Cuban filibuster
ing expeditions. _______ . • ' ; . -/ , :
Decides That It Is Unconstitutional.
Bodie Mining Index. ».~^
Judge Low of San Francisco has decided that
the ordinance under which poker players have
been arrested is unconstitutional. The Judge
takes an occasional hand himself.
The Potent Pall. j
Watsonville Pajnronian.
The action of the Kentucky Legislature in
refusing to annul the charter of the Southern !
Pacific Railroad Company was & disappoint
ment on this coast, ns the press dispatches in
The Call and Examiner had indicated that the
repeal bill was bound to become a law. This
: WAS one of the times when newspaper report
ers were poor jruessers — or did Uncle Collis get !
in a potent pull? _^
Governor Budd'g Plan.
San Bernardino Times Index.
A plan suggested by Governor Budd to re
lieve the taxpayers of part of the burdens of
our penal institutions and insane and inebri
ate asylums is to place [ft direct tax on the
liquor business for that purpo=e. He considers
that the liquor traffic is directly responsible
for a major portion of the insanity, pauperism
and crime of the State, and there is no reason
why it should not bear the burden of the care
of the insane and criminals which now rests
so heavily on the taxpayers. This plan has
been adopted in Illinois, Xew jersey and other
States. __^______^_^__
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
No Premium— A. S., City. There is no pre
mium on a half dollar of the issue of 1826.
Mrb. Grant— The address of the widow of the
late General U. S. Grant is Washington, D. C.
A letter sent to her there will reach her.
Oakland TirKE-rs— P. O'C, East Oakland,
Cal. The reason that tickets are divided in
Borne instances on the Oakland trains and one
half retained by the road employes and the
other half returned to the passenger is because
of a check system of the road in use for passen
gers going to Alameda.
Superfluous Hair— L. C. C, City. There are a
number ot methods for removing hair from the
face, and each is claimed to be superior than
any heretofore known. Some of the methods
are sflfe, and there are some that leave scars if
not properly applied. None of these ought to
be used except upon the advice of a reliable
physician.
San Jose Road — Constant Reader, Pacific
Grove. Cal. The San Francisco and San Jose
Railroad was completed in January. 1863. It
was built by McLaughlin & Houston, contrac
tors, for a corporation incorporated July 21.
1860, with a capital stock of $2,000,000, and
of which Peter Donahue, C. B. Pol hem us, H.
M. Newhall, B. F. Mann, Timothy Dame and
G. H. Bodfish were the first directors.
Malta— F. 8., City. The island of Malta is a
British possession. It is the chief island of
the Maltese group in the Mediterranean, sixty
two miles SSW. of Sicily. It is T7% miles long,
9l£ miles broad and its area is sixty-nine
square miles. From its position and the enor
mous strength of its fortifications Malta is a
possession of immense value to any commer
cial nation that has a navy strong enough to
protect it from blockade.
Abscence From the City— X. Y. Z., Liver
more Cal. If a native of Canada should live
in the City of Pan Francisco for a period of
three years, during which time he had declared
his intention to become a citizen of the United
States, should absent himself for forty days on
a Dusiuess trip to his native country and should
return and then continue to reside two years
njbre, he could at the end of that time obtain
his naturalization papers. The fact that he
absented himself from the United States for
forty days with the intention of returning to
this City, which he called his home, would not
cut any figure in the matter of the five years
consecitive residence required to enable a man
to become a citizen of the United States.
Coal Lakds— F. V., Los Angelas, Cal. An act
Of Congress provides that any person above
the age of 21 years who is a citizen of the
United States, or who has declared his inten
tion to become such, or any association of per
sons severally qualified as already stated,
shall, upon application to the register of the
proper land office, have the right to enter by
legal subdivision any quantity of vacant coal
land of the United States not otherwise appro
priated or reserved by competent authority,
not exceeding 100 acies to such individual
person, or 320 acres to such association, upon
the payment to the receiver of not less than
$10 per acre for such lands, when the same are
situated more that fifteen miles from any com
pleted railroad, and not less than $20 per acre
when such lands are within fifteen miles of
such road. Such individual or association
can make but one entry.
Painting Walls— V. Kelseyville, Lake
County, Cal. It cannot be said that there is any
paint that is better than another for hard-fin
ished walls. The success of walls being painted
In such a manner that the paint will not peal off
depends on fhe manner in which it is put on.
One who is conversant with this subject says:
"For hard-finished walls the first coat should
be as dark in shade of the color desired and as
thin as practicable, the object being to stain
the plaster a.s much as possible. If the whole
mass of plaster could be stained through and
through it. would be desirable to co stain it.
The use of glue in wail-pain ling is of doubtful
proprif tv; it should n.-ver, under p.ny circum
stences. be pui on until after the second coat is
applied anS then it should be rut.bed on very
ligutlv With a rug. In first-class WOl* its use is
noi recommended.. Plaster,mixed with weak
clue si/c which prevents its setting too fast, is
the best method /or stopping walls preparatory
to paintin?. Kach coat of paint snouki be esre
f.,llv rubbed with worn sandpaper . beiore the
succecdinu.coatls put on. 1 - tac t h h " uc t c . ed 'l^
co t should be a shade lighter than the pre
ceding ones."
A GIRL'S WRAPPER.
A wrapper is shown here for little girls. Tho
same model is shown in nightgowns and is
much liked for the simplicity of cut and the
ease with which it may be made at home, there
being only shoulder and under-arm seams.
The sleeve is the stylish bishop shape and has
but one seam. ,
Flannelette of pink, with a white hairline,
had a collar of white China silk.
Another wrapper was of light brown flannel,
with a collar of the same linen, with bin*
China silk and finished with a ruffle of the
silk.
Wrappers of washable fabrics are made of
heavier cottons, such as duck, cheviot, etc.
The collar may be left off for nightdresses if
desired.
If mnslin nightdresses are made the collar
may be of batiste, lawn or other thin fabric.
A dainty finish is a narrow ruffle, set on with
an open work veiling between ruffle and col
lar. This is put on by making very narrow
French or bag seams. These are stitched with
the seam on the right side of the garment,
then turned over and stitched again, hiding
the original seam.
Caufobnia glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
♦ ♦ — »
"Say, Jack Perkins has asked me to lend him
$10." SK.st"
"Well, do it. As a personal favor to me let
him have it."
"Personal favor to you?"
"Yes. If you don't let him have it he'll come
to me for it."— Harper's Bazar.
Special Information dally to manufacture:!
business houses and public men by the Pre»i
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
Hcsban'd'B Calcined Magntsia, four first prem
ium medals awarded. More agreeable' to the
taste and smaller dose than other magnesia.
For sale only in bottles with registered trade
mark labels. *
New goods all over the store. Don't think of
old styles or old prices. What $1 used to buy,
75 cents, and even 50 cents, is likely to purchase
now. We have many new things in Pictures,
Frames, Artists' Materials, Leather Ci\ods, Sta
tionery, Lamps and Shade*, ArtificluWFloTrers
and Toilet Articles, which the public it- invited
to see. Everybody welcome at all times. San
born, Vail & Co. *
» — ♦ — ♦
Don't listen to Pessimists.
Placerville Index. ■ : !'' : _ -'.
- A pessimist cuts no figure in the progression
or retrogression of the community unless you
listen to him. Don't listen to him.
The impurities which have accumulated in the
body during the winter must be expelled. | Every
one needs a good spring medicine like Hood's Sar
saparilla, the One true blood purifier. *;|BBSS
■ — • — ♦ — •—
Db. Sieqert's Angostura Bitters, indorsed by
physicians and chemists for purity and whole
someness. ■
• — ♦ — ♦
" Brown's BboxchialTboches" are unrivaled
for relieving Coughs, Hoarseness and all Throat
Troubles. Sold only in boxes.
• — ♦ — »
Don't Appreciate Him.
Fresno Republican.
The residents on Corbett avenue in San
Francisco have petitioned to have its name
changed, for the reason that they do not wish
the public to suppose the avenue was named
after James J. Corbett. As "Gentleman Jim"
might justly remark, it doe 9 seem as if some
people do not appreciate a gentleman when
they find him.
NEW TO-DAT.
FREE
CREAM
CHOCOLATE
A Package Given Each Cos turner FREE
With Our
MONEY-SAVING
TEAS, COFFEES,
! SPICES.
j Our 50c Teas Cost 75c elsewhere
i Our 40c Teas Cost 60c elsewhere
j Our 35c Tea 5...... Cost 50c elsewhere
j Our 30c Tea 5 .......... Cost 40c elsewhere
j Our 25c Teas Cost 35c elsewhere
j Our 20c Tea5................C05t30c elsewhere
EXTRA PREMIUMS GIVEN AWAY.
Great American Iportini Tea Co. 's
. 1 344 Market »t. , S. F.
(^9V"^?SSS» 96S Market St., S. F.
fgU^KXZit 140 Sixth St.. S. F.
EMM Br 017 Kearny St., 5. F.
MBJ " 14(9 Polk st., '5. F.
521 Montgomery aye., S. P.
UAliru 333 Hayes at., 5. F.
MDNEY" ' 4 " Ninth St.. 5. F.
, muiiki 218 Ihjrd st S. F
: AllllliA 2008 Fillmorc St., 5. F.
SAVIfIU 251 ° Mission St.. 5. F.
j wnwillU 3006 Sixteenth st,, 5. P.
ATAnrD 104 Second St., S. F.
STOHES 1 3259 Mission St., S. F.
,y. ■*> y"~y ■ 52 Market st, S. F.
A—. - «^. - 917 Broadway, Oakland.
ffyiTiiifllfV 1053 Wa.<;!iinj£tonst.,Oak'd.
HHB7 131 San Pablo aye., Oakl'd.
HlbJ^ 1 616 I. Twelfthst., Oakland.
1355 Park St., A lame da.
TRT OUR
money-Savinjc Prices) * AA i,.
; : ■at our J. IAA A In
Money Stores) 1V " Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DAY.H%£ II -XETall-
TUE5DAY.................. MARCH 10, lS9t>
AMUSEMENTS.
Pam>win Thfatkr.— Milk White Flag."
(oi.iMßiA HF.ATKK— "Ths Wlcklow Postman."
>:oko6co's OrKKA-HousK— " T.'ie Bilver King."
'■i^fk's AI.OAZAB.— "The Charity Giila" and
"The Mtkacto,
--1 ivoli OrERA-HovfiF..— • The HooiaU." '
Orpheitm.— VaudPviUa.
Tnn A uditobtcm— Corner of Jones 'and Kddy
streets— Somnolency. Thursday evening, March
J'-\ Matt-ma and Ondricek.
Macdonouoh . Theater (Oakland) — "Thi '
Mountebank."
ifVCHAIwaf Tavilton— Bicycle Tournament.
fnooT thk chitks— Dally at Ha!ght street,
cne block east of ih» Park.
I'acificCoast Jockky Cinii.- Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
F.v Vq>- Khiis Co. — This day (Tuesday),
F.fal Ksiate, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
at 12 o'clock.
By f. Watkiss- This day (Tuesday), Tatter-
Ball's Stable, corner Geary and Leavenworth sts.,
at 11 o'clock.
lUi.iiwix * Hammond.— Real Estate, at 10
Montgomery street.
By H. .1. Lki-thoitz.— Wednesday, March 11,
Furniture, at 77S Market street, at 11 o'clock.
I'.vSri.i.jVAN . «S Doylk— Saturday, March 14,
horses, wagons, etc., at "2482 California street, at
11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF,
The painters went out on strike yesterday.
"Fair Tuesday" jirophesies Alexander G. Mc-
Aaie. local forecast official.
Carpenters' Union No. 483 last evening in
dorsed the painters' strike.
The bakers' unions will hold a State conven
tion in this City next Sunday.
The Election Commissioners will bring a suit
to test the county government act.
Valuable property has been destroyed at the
City llnll by some unknown person.
Three more jurors, makine seven In all, were
secured yesterday to try I'iek McDonald.
Mrs. Kate M. Haltzell has filed charges
against 11. A. Powell with the Bar Association.
The judgment against John Craig, convicted
of murder, has been affirmed by the Supreme
Court.
Catherine Lund, the infant daughter of Cap
tain Lund, died on Saturday as the result of a
spider's bite.
A spirited debate on the relative merits of
anarchy and socialism took place last night at
Eersaglieri HaM.
John A. Bchafer, convicted of an assault with
a deadly weapon, has beeu sentenced to two
years' imprisonment.
(ieorge A. Knight says that his client, Mrs.
Pe.vidson, win not ask* the Grand Jury to in
dict Mattie Overman.
The fact that clirysoprase has bren 'found in
Tulare. near Visalin, lias attracted the atten
tion of many jewelers.
The winners at Ineloside yesterday were:
Mary X, Rev del Baadidos, William Pinkerton,
Gratify and'Perfargiila.
A number of improvements witl be made
when the centrnl tire alarm station is moved
Into the City Hall tower.
At the Methodist preachers' meeting yester
day Rev. Dr. Goodwin attacked the poetical li
censes of the M. E. hymnal.
Mrs. Rose M. French declines to serve
another term as president of the Woman's
Federation for Public Good.
The plans for the new municipal building
will be considered by the Board of Supervisors
as a committee of the whole.
The steam schooner Celia was libeled by
John Moran in the United States District Court
yesterday. Moran's claim is for wages.
Milk Inspector Dockery has a photoerapblc
outfit to take pictures of dairies where the san
itary requirements are not properly observed.
A Bite for tne Wilmerdinic school has been
offered by James Giiiis of Stockton. It is situ
p.teij two and a half miles from that city, and
is valued at!H0O0.
The residence of Joseph Anheim, 1227 Ellla
was entered by burglars on Saturday
nitrht and a cold watch and valuable jewelry
iverwcM stolen.
The B'nai B'rith Hall Association is con
ig a plan under which the Eddy-street
Kg will be completely renovated and the
: r.<cim*nt possibly converted into a gymna
. . T
i Keenan, a petty larceny thief, was
I at the City Prison last night on a
Charge of Brand larceny for having stolen a
of chickens from Chehni, .Son & Co., 332
treet.
• Low's court was adjourned yes terday
to-morrow morning out of respect to the
Ei-mory of Fred \V. Kaiser, the official stenog
rauherof the court, wnu died on Sunday from
heart trouble.
The City Board of Trade will meet to-day to
protest against the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company's discrimination against San
Francisco in the matter of freight charges to
Humboldt Bay towns.
John M. Reynolds, in an interview in The
Call, points'o'ut in the proposed City charier
limitations which, he says, would make it more
difficult than it is at; present to secure a pub
licly owned water system.
Judge Morrow of the United States District
Court yesterday ordered the schooner Mary
Fn:d 'o satisfy claims for wapes amounting to
(500. The sale will take place at the Mer
chants' Exchange within six days.
The Ecclesiastical Council will meet again
this morning at 10:30 o'clock. Dr. Brown will
be j laced on the stand for cross-examination
provided his health permits. After his eiam
luation. comes the evidence in rebuttal.
John M. Klein tiled suit against the city of
Seattle in the United States Court of Appeals
yesterday to enjoin the defendant from using
certain electrical appliances, patented by the
plaintiff, in connection with its fire alarm sys
tem.
The R. Dunsmuir'-: Sons' Company has in
corporated with a capitnl stock of $1,000,000,
all 01 which has been subscribed. The direct
ors are Alexander Dunsmuir, .lames Dunsmuir,
James T. Boyd, Cavalier Hamilton Janett and
Alexander Goinpertz.
Captain Peter A. Lane, who was acquitted
by the jury laßt week of the charge
of criminal assault upon little girls, had a
charge booked agalnm him last night at the
City Prison cl soliciting and employing another
to commit a public offense.
J. 11. Banfield, a painter living 'at 518 Post
ptreet, Jell from the scaffolding on a building
on Boott street, near Pacifii- areaoe, yesterday
afternoon and sustained a compound" fracture
of the left thigh, which was attended to by Dr.
Thompson at the Receiving Hospital.
The Golden Gate Park CommiMion hai tem
porarily abandoned the peristyle project and
will take it up only when the treasury allows
construction in stone or marble. All super
structure! of any importance in the park will
be built of stone and be monumental.
Peter Owen Matthew whs before Judge Coffey
yesterday with a petition to be restored to com
petency. He had with him sixty-sewn wit
nesses to prove that he was amply able to <nre
for himself and his property, but his petition
was not granted. I-'eterSchilhng.his guardian,
opposed bis petition.
The People's Mutual Telephone Company,
which applied for a franchise to construct and
operate a telephone system in this City on
Saturday last, proposes to extend its lines
throughout the State and have it* entire
system in working order by July 1, 1897, find
both local and interior rates will be reduced.
The Board of Immigration Inspectors yester
day ordered the deportation of a Japanese
woman named Kakaynma. Hhe arrived at this
port on the last steamer in company with her
husband. The latter was allowed to remain.
The woman was suffering from a contagious
disease and it was under the law -excluding
such persons that she was not allowed to land.
FrariK Belcher, the popular barytone, who
has just returned to the City after an absence
of some years, will give a concert in N s. <i, W.
Hall on 'the evening of March 19. Assisting
him will be Bob Mitchell, Jimmie Swinnerton,
Carrie Roiua, Frank Coffin, Dave McLauzhlin
and the Press Club Quartet. Mr. Belcher has
been studying conscientiously during h is ab
sence, and his voice has materially improved.
Tire on Laurel l'latse.
Fire caused by the explosion of a gasoline
store broke out iv a two-story frame stable
owned by Captain Nelson on Laurel place, near
E»«eX, last evening, damaging the building to
me extent of about $1000. The flames spread
to an adjoining stable occupied by 1. bulnran
and that building suffered to the extent of
, bomi *300. A brick building occupied ty R.
J\ Chase was also slightly damaged.
Patriotic Lecture.
Major T. C. Ryan, the noted A. P. A. orator.
will deliver another address at Metropolitan
Ti-mple to-night. Short addresses will be given
by Donald M Ross and Mrs. tL B. Richardson.
Dentistry.
Kxtraction of teeth free to the public on
Tuesday, Mm-ch 10, between 2 and 4 p.m., at
tlie Stomatological (dental) Club, 235 1 oat.
HER FIRST TRIAL TRIP
After Twenty -One Years the
Monadnock at Last Reaches
the Sea.
DID NOT STAY OUT LONG.
The Monitor Which Has Seen Five
Presidential Elections at Last
Completed.
The coast defense monitor Monaduock,
after being near twenty-two years in build
ing, put in her first appearance at the bay
of San Francisco yesterday. She also went
through the Golden Gate and obtained a
first view of old ocean in one of his calmest
moods. There was hardly a breath of air,
and the dozen or more sailing vessels in
the offing all ran up their Hags and saluted
the monitor as she passed.
During the time that the Monadnock
has been on the ways live Presidents have
been elected and served out their terms.
During five administrations money has
been appropriated for work on her, and it
is confidently asserted that more money
has been expended on her than would
The Coast-Defense Monitor 31onadnock, Which Has Taken Twenty-one Years to Build, Taking Her
First Spin in the Harbor of San Francisco.
[Sketched by a *oaß* artist.]
build two similar ships at the present time.
"She is old enough to vote," said an old salt
yesterday, "but still, I guess she is as good
and sound a ship as tny other in our navy.
She is very like the Monterey and seen a
short distance apart they would pass for
sister ships."
The Monadnock is not the first of tier
name. The original vessel of that name
was also a monitor, and was the first vessel
of her class to make the voyage from the
Atlantic to the Pacific. She was a fine
seaworthy vessel, but the wooden portions
of her fra'nie got the dry rot and she had
to be brok«a up. The best portions oE her
hull and machinery were put into the
Monadnock of to-day.
The new coast defense vessel is 259 feet 6
inches 10ng, 55 feet 6 inches broad and 14
feet t> inches deep. She is 3990 tons dis
placement and can make 14.5 knots an
hour wnen called upon. With the excep
tion of the Miaiuonornob, now on the At
lantic coast, the Monterey and Monadnock
are two of the most formidable vessels of
their class in the United States navy. The
Monadnock is armed with four 10-ir.ch
guns, eacn 28 feet long and weighing :28
tons eacn. Two of these are mounted in
the revolving turrets and are capable of
throwing a missile a distance of over nine
miles. She has also two 6-pounders and
two 3-pounders, rim fire, besides two 57
--milliraeter Hotchkiss revolving cannon
and two Galling guns. Her protective
armor is from 5 to 9 inches thick, her tur
reta are 7}jj inches and her barbettes HV3
inches th'icK. Her protective deck is 1%
inches thick. She carries a crew of 26 offi
cers and 14") ruen.
The last pieces of side and turret armor
arrived from the East in May, 1895, and
work on the vessel then progressed
steadily. When the Venezuelan war scare
arose, work on her was rushed, and in con
sequence she was ready to go to sea yes
terday.
When the Monadnock came rushing
down the bay she presented a very pretty
appearance. There washardly a ripple on
the waters, and as she ploughed along
there was a "bone in her mouth" that
looked to be three feet high. The water
simply deluged the forward part of the
vessel, and it flowed aft, giving the monitor
the appearance of being completely under
water, with the exception of her turrets
and deck houses.
After adjuring her compasses, the
Monadnock was headed for the Golden
Gate. She went as far as Fort Foint, and
then was headed over for Lime Point.
After maneuvering for a time she was
ajjain headed for the entrance, and went
out over the bar. She did not go very far
however, and after a short spin returned
and went direct to Mare Island. It was
said that the Board of inspection was on
the monitor, but if that was the case then
something niusl have been the matter, as
Ehe was supposed to be about to undergo a
thorough test, both in sailing and gun
practice.
The Mare Island tug Tnadilla came down
with the Monadno'k'and accompanied her
in her various evolutions around the har
bor. She waited for her inside of Point
Qonita while the monitor went to ?< ;i. A
round from her batteries was rirc-J,and
then both vessels started back for Mare
Island.
ALONG THE FRONT.
No News From the Missing Mall
Steamer City of Rio de
Janeiro.
There is still no news from the missing
steamer Kio de Janeiro, but the ; general
opinion is that she has broken down and
is making her way into port under sail.
The Gaelic, which left here ten days after
the Rio, was three days late in reaching
Yokohama, and reports.. having passed
through very heavy weather. ."•• She saw no
sicn of the missing vessel, but the officer!
of the Pacific Mail do not wonder at that,
as they say Captain Russell would run out
of the gale and probably head for Hong
kong. The first-news of the Rio will prob
ably come by the steamer, .Doric, which
sailed from here last week with instruc
tions to keep a sharp lookout for the miss
ing craft. . . ,
There was a big fleet of vessels reached
port yesterday. There were the coasting
steamers Pomona, Costa Rica and Arago.
four steam schooners,' five schooners, the
bark Fresno," the British ship British Yoe
man, and at 6 p. M. there were six schoon
ers passing in. The little tug Mary Ann
came down from Eureka in tow of the
National* City. She is to be overhauled
hew.
There were several changes of masters
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAItCH 10, 1896.
yesterday. Captain Z. J. Hatch takes the
steamer Monticello, Captain Henry Weber
the schooner Confianza, Captain J. H.
Roberts the steamer FaralloD and Captain
George Dettiners the steamer Sunol.
FOR EUREKA'S TRADE.
The City , Merchants -Protest Against
the Big Discrimination In
, Freight Kates.
The members of the San Francisco Board
of | Trade | are [ con siderably exercised \ over
the cut in freight rates between Portland,
Or., and the , towns on Humboldt Uayj It
seems that the Oregon . Railway and Navi
gation Company's steamer South Coast is
carrying freieht from Portland to Eureka
for $1 per ton, while it costs $3 per ton for
freight between this : City and Eureka.
This difference in i favor of the Portla/id
merchants is cutting in heavily upon the
local merchants, and through the City
Board of Trade they have decided to take
some steps in the matter to relieve the sit
uation. H. L. Smith, the secretary of the
board, has sept out the following letters to
the six commercial organizations of this
City :
Owing to the fact that the trade of San Fran
cisco with Humboldt Bay ism imminent danger
of being diverted to Portland, Or., by discrimi
nation in freights, representatives of the differ
ent branches of business were called for
conference at these rooms on the 4th lnst., at
wrtich time it was. decided to request the presi
dents of the different commercial organiza
tion to appoint two delegates to meet as a com
mittee at the rooms of this board (San Fran
cisco Board of Trade, 202 Mnrket street) on
Tuesday, March 10, 1896, at 3 P. M., to decide
upon some action to retain the trade of the
territory mentioned.
In accordance with the above, will you
kindly appoint two delegates and scad me the
I names of such appointees without delay, and
■ oblige yours respectfully,
11. L, Smith, Secretary.
It is believed that the conference will re
' suit in an appeal to the iocal representa
tives of the Oregon Railway and Naviga
! tion Uompany to equalize the rates so that
the San Francisco merchants will have at
; least a chance to compete for Eureka busi
' ness with their Portland business rivals.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
; =ociation will send as delegates to the
Board of Trade Waketield Baker of Baker
, &. Hamilton ana A. Doming of Bucking
-1 ham A Hecht.
MRS. FRENCH DECLINES
She Will Not Serve as Presi
dent of the Woman's
Federation.
Mrs. Jane W. Bruner Refused to
Discuss a Report With the
Board of Health.
Mrs. Rose M. French positively declines
to serve aa president of the Women's Fed
eration for Public Good another term.
The nominating committee submitted
her name, as their unanimous choice, at
yesterday's meeting, but her refusal to ac
cept the office was unequivocal. The
other officers whose election was recom
mended were Mrs. E. E. Bates for first
vice-president; Mme. L. A. Sorbier, second
vice-president; Mrs. Florence Percy Mathe
son, recording secretary; Mrs. D. K. Farr,
financial secretary; Mrs. L. A. KimbaJl,
recording secretary ; Mrs. Nellie Blessing
Eyester, treasurer; Mrs. M. .1. Payne, Mrs.
H. E. Brown, Mrs. Frank J. French anu
Mrs. Florence Percy Matheson, additional
members of the executive committee. The
ticket will probably go through next week
without alterations, except the substitu
tion of another name for that of Mrs.
French as president, and the choice of an
auditor. Mrs. H. H. Luse, Mrs. Richard
son and Mrs*. Bates are mentioned as pos
sible candidates, although there is a strong
sentiment that amounts to a desire to co
erce Mrs. French into service as president
for another term.
Notice waß given of an amendment to
the constitution giving all members full
voting privileges; requiring that every
candidate for membership be vouched for
by a member of the society; that the ques
tion of whether certain societies be recog
nized by the federation be decided by
ballot : that societies composed of ladies
nnd gentlemen be eligible to representa
tion ; and that the constitution may only
be amended at annual meetings.
Mra. 13. Patterson presented a report
from the committee on divorces which ex
pressed much sympathy for an alleged
abused wife. Dr. Jaynes was instructed
to write the Judge of the Dakota court in
which the divorce was granted, to secure
further information.
Mr>. Florence Percy Matheson's report
from the committee appointed to lay the
matter of the u'rievar.ce of tho Receiving
llosr.ital physicians before the Board of
Health stated that the attempt at pacifica
tion failed because Mrs. Jane W. Bruner,
whose report incensed the officials, would
make no report, but promised a sworn
statement in regard to the investigation in
the near future.
Mrs. McCoy of the committee on visita
tion of prisons reported that a new charge
of misdemeanor would be brought against
Captain Lane.
Mrs. French took occasion to make what
might be termed a farewell address, calling
upon the federation to remember its ob
jects and be true to them, promising that
she would aid the organization as far as
time and health would permit.
A Theatrical Divorce.
Lillian McDonald, better known as Lillian
Bcddard by theater-going people, has been
granted a divorce from Hereward Hoyt, who
was stage manager at CJrover's Alcazar The
ater. The grounds, were neglect aud failure
to provide, and she was allowed $25 a week
alimony.
Farewell to Sankey.
Tne Young Men's Christian Association will
tender a farewell reception to Ira D. Sankey, to
which young men only will be invited, the lat
trr part of the month on hie return from the
south.
ARCHITECTS IN SUSPENSE
The Contract for the New Mu
nicipal Building Is Yet in
Abeyance.
STILL SEARCHING FOR A SITE.
The Pesthouse May Be Located on
Angel Island— Over the
Mayor's Veto.
Contrary to expectations the Board of
Supervisors failed yesterday to select a de
sign for the now municipal butldine to be
erected on the site of the old City Hall, but
referred the matter bac* to a committee of
the whole, which will hear the statements
of the various architects regarding their (
plans, specifications and estimates before
coming to any conclusion in relation to the
awards.
When the matter came up yesterday for
decision Supervisor Benjamin, chairman
of the Municipal Buildings Committee, pre
sented a resolution awarding the contract
for supervising the erection of the build
ing to W. O. Bants and giving the prizes
of $750, $500 and $250 to Mooser &
Mooser, Shea & Shea and J. Gather New
born in the orner named.
Supervisor Diamond objected to the res
olution on the ground that while the mem
bers of the committee might be familiar
with the various desuns there were some
members of the board who were not, and
he wanted time to question the architects
as to whether their buildings were tire
proof, how much they would cost to erect,
etc.
He was supported by Supervisor Hobbs,
who thought that todecide without the
members cf the board outside of the com
mittee having investigated the matter
thoroughly would be to take snap judg
ment, and this, he said, should be avoided.
Supervisor King then made a motion to
refer the matter to a committee of the
whole, to the meetings of which all the
architects and the public at large should
be invited.
On the understanding that the five de
signs recommended by the committee
should be the first considered, the motion
was adopted by the following vote:
Ayes— Kin?, Scully, Ifirseh, Dimond, Spreck
els, Hobbs, Taylor,
Noes— Benjamin, Hughes, Dunker, Morgan
stern, Wagner.
When the matter of locating the Post
house came up a motion was made to
postpone the matter for two weeks. Some
of the Supervisors wanted the matter to
go over for a month, and Mayor Sutro also
asked that the delay be made of that du
ration. In support of the contention that
thirty days was not too long he read the
following telegram which he had for
warded to Congressman Maguire:
San Francisco, March 4, 1890.
To Hon. J. G. Maguire, Jloune of Jiepresenta
tirca, Wa»hiiKjton,l). C: Ascertain whether pos
sible for San Francisco to obtain use portion
Angel Island near Quarantine Station lor hos
pital infectious diseases. Wire answer.
Adolph Sctro.
Then he read the answer, dated two days
later, as follows:
Washington, T>. p., March fi, 189(J.
AdolphSutro, Mayor, San Francisco: Secretary
Lasnont is considering applicatian. Surgeon-
General Weyman consents.
James G. Maouire.
He claimed that under the circumstances
the month should be granted to give the
California Representatives in Washington
plenty of time to work and secure the site
on the island.
When the vote was taken the majority
declared in favor of a two weeks' postpone
ment, and a resolution offered oy Super
visor Hobbs requesting all of the Califor
nia Senators and Congressmen in Wash
ington to use their best efforts to secure
the site was passed.
The following communication from the
Crand Jurp was read and referred to the
judiciary committee:
Gentlemen: While it is not within the
province of the Crand Jury to take cognizance
or violations of City ordinances, the jury, as
citizens interested in the proper administra
tion of the law, and as v body charged with
the general supervision of the moral condition
of the City aud County, I>ck leave to inform
you that they take a deep interest in the sup
pression of the so-called open poker games
now operated in BfiM Francisco.
The jury understands Hint the ordinance
passed by your honorable board has been de
clared to be invalid by the folice Judges be
fore whom parties arrested have been brought,
aud the jury i* advised by the District Attor
ney that, in his opinion, the ordinance is good
and valid, with the exception of the penal
clause attached thereto.
As we are greatly interested in the matter
we take the liberty to suggest to your honor
able board that you shall re-enact the ordi
nance, altering the penal clause so that it may
be constitutional.
The Van Ness Avenue Improvement
Club scut in a petition asking that a strip
twenty-one feet wide in the center of the
avenue be reserved for the purpose of
planting trees and flowers. The matter
was referred to the Street. Committee.
The ordinance fixing the specifications
rock for street work which was vetoed by
the Mayor some time ago was brought up
for passage over the veto, and its advo
cates succeeded in gaining their point by
a vote of 9 to 3.
FLY CASTING CLUB.
Practice Contents Will Be Held on Sat-
urday Afternoon.
The San Francisco FJy Casting Club
held its second business meeting last even
ing at the Olympic Club. Nothing of any
particular importance was transacted. It
was decided that practice casting will be
held at Stow Lake at 3 p. m. on Saturday
next.
On the forenoon of the 29th inst. the sec
ond of the practice casting contests will
late place. In future meetings to discuss
matters pertaining to fly-casting and the
coming tournament will be- held twice a
month possibly in the rooms now occu
pied by the Fish Commissioners in the
I' lood building.
EXCITEMENT ON THE COAST.
A Drunken Brawl Creates a Kiot on
Kearny Street »nd Broadway.
Bedlam broke loose on the "Barbary
Coast" last evening. The cause of all the
excitement was a brawl between John
Francis, a colored man, and William
Casey. The row culminated by Casey get
tint; knocked unconscious.
Francis glanced at his fallen enemy, and
then began a wild race up Kearny street
toward Broadway. A crowd of newsboys
started after him, pelting him with stones
and garbage. The man was finally ar
rested. His victim soon recovered.
VALUE OF CHRYSOPRASE.
The Announcement of Its Exist
ence in Tulare Attracts
Attention.
Jewelers in London and the East Want
the Gems if Enough of Them
Can Be Found.
Some time since there appeared in The
Call an announcement that chrysoprase
had been discovered in Tulare County ana
that the house of Tiffany of New York
had announced its intention of securing all
that could be had of the gem quality.
This discovery was telegraphed East and
since then a number of prominent jewelers
in Chicago, New York, Boston, and agents
for London jewelers have written to the
Mining Bureau in this City stating that
they are willing to purchase all that can
be produced.
"The trouble," said H. S. Durden, of the
Mining Bureau, 41 is that it is not found in
sufficient quantity. Jewelers would gladly
use it but will not take it if furnished only
in small pieces. There is in one of the
cases here a splendid specimen received
from M. Uravernian of. Visalla. It is of
beautiful dark green color and takes a high
polish. If strch can be obtained in quan
tity sufficient for the trade it will be very
valuable."
Mr. Durden's attention was drawn to the
fact that Professor Kunz of New York, a
well - known mineralogist, had, when
shown the dispatch that had been sent
East, declared that the chrysoprase was
of little value, and he said:
"Kunz knows better than that the discov
ery in this State was made about three
years ago. He has been here since then;
has discussed the matter, and has given
the opinion that it is of value.' 5
0. P. "SVilcomb, curator of the park
museum, who discovered the ledge which
is now being worked for chrysoprase said:
"I'm astonished that Professor Kunz
should say what he did. He has a reputa
tion as a mineralogist that is of the best,
and he has also a reputation of speaking
o,f minerals as his whim or as his interest
moves him. About three years ago, while
a few miles out of Visalia, I discovered
what turned out to be chrysoprase, but it
was not as tine as some that has since been
discovered in the immediate vicinity, as,
for instance, this, which is a pure gem,"
and the speaker produced a small box con
taining a polished gem the size and shape
of a half of a pumpkin seed. It is of pure
apple green, almost translucent and has
but one slight defect, a line milk-white
streak on the underneath side.
"This," continued the speaker, "is as
fine a specimen as can be found any
where and is valuable because of its rarity.
Mr. Braverman is working in the vicinity
of the place where I niaUe my discovery,
and it is not unlikely that he will make
some valuable linds. This stone is found
only in pockets and not in very large
quantities. If it should be found in the
county of Tulare in as great quantity as
it is in Siberia it will prove of great value."
Manager SUreve of Shreve & Co. said
that there is not a great demand in this
City for chrysoprase, for the reason that
the supply is limited, hut was of tne
opinion that if California can produce it
in quantity there will no doubt be a de
mand for it.
In Russia there is a great demand for
chrysoprase, because it is believed that the
wearer of a piece of this gem will never
meet with sudden death. The Russians
attach as much importance to this as the
Chinese do to jade, or nephrite, which is
said to be of great value in renal diseases.
AN ALASKAN RATE WAR
It Is Now Possible to Go to
Sitka by Sea for
$7 50.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
Has Carried the War Into
Egypt.
The rate war has reached the Alaskan
route, and it is now cheaper to travel than
to keep house. The run from here to Ju
neau or Douglas Island occupies about ten
days, and the fare for a first-class passage,
which includes a stateroom and meals, is
only $13. Anybody who has ever travelled
on the steamers controlled by Goudall,
Perkins & Co. know what the bill of fare
is. As a general rule it is the equal, and
sometimes superior, to the best restaurants
in the city. So it is not hard to guess how
much the" concern is making out of a $i:i
rate.
All the company's steamers do not carry
passengers at this figure. The Mexico is
running in opposition to the Alaska Navi
gation Company' 9 steamer \Villipa, and
the cut rate only rules on these two ves
sels. From here to Seattle the rate is $8
cabin and $5 steerage. From Seattle by
the Mexico it is $5 cabin and $2 50 steer
age. These rates went into effect to-day,
and the company expects that there will
be a regular rush of miners and others
who will take the next steamer that con
nects with the Mexico for Alaskan ports.
The Alaska Commercial Company will
co-operate with the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company, and their vessels, the Dora
and Bertha, will carry passengers to Prince
Williams Sound from Sitka. From ap
pearances the volume of travel is going to
be very great, but the low rates will not
prevail very long, as the companies will
soon get tired of the cutthroat business.
In connection with the mining boom the
bark Theobald is to be taken out of Oak
land Creek and fitted out for a trip to the
gold fields. Captain Swan will take her
out and expects to have about sixty pas
sengers. The steam schooner Excelsior is
also fitted out and will probably get away
to-day. She will probably have 100 men
aboard and all are bound for a new mine,
the exact location of which no one will
give out. The brig Blakcly has been fitted
out by the Holmes dispatch line and will
get away on Thursday. She will make a
call at Tacoraa, but expects to reach Turn
again Bay about April 15. Passengers
will be landed within six miles of the dig
gings and nearly all the accommodation
in the vessel has already been secured.
From tbis it will be seen that never in the
history of the country has there been such
a mob of miners to Alaska.
Mrs. Mareeau'i Counsel.
Dunn & McPiko have withdrawn from tho
case of Marceau vs. Marceau. Tney were re
tained by Mrs. Marceau, but some hitch as to
the matter of consulting counsel and their po
sition in the case caused the withdrawal.
Judge short of Fresno and Garret McEnerney
have b -en retained.
NEW TO-DAY.
] ■yjjgfg^K.;-;/--;" "Pure and Sure." >
wßm irffffc Hm * M^P^m.
(^A "Pure and Sure."
;^^^ B^ Ma IB ■ .^LmjSf ,
b^ BAKiiNG Powder,
"Finding Cleveland's baking powder to be really
the best, I recommended it in Common Sense in the
Household ' and now use it exclusively." May 5,1894.
i'-':i> • MARION HARLANP, Author of " 'Common Sense in the Household"
DO LAMBS SHED TEARS?
Rev. Dr. Goodwin Finds Too
Much Poetical License in
the M. E. Hymnal.
IT GOES AGAINST NATURE.
Congregationalists Hear Some Defini
tions of American Religious
Liberty.
Rev. Dr. W. R. Goodwin wants to find a
tune-maker, a consecrated, sensible, bap
tized tune-maker, who shall arise and com
pile such a book of psalms and hymns and
spiritual songs as will set all Christendom
singing.
It was at the San Francisco Methodist
Preachers' Meeting yesterday morning,
that Dr. Goodwin expounded his views on
the subject. The next General Conference
will'probably be called upon to give the
M. E. church a new hymn and tune book
and the reverend gentleman employed the
shining hour yesterday in attempting to
reconcile his hearers to the change by
pointing out the poetical licenses and the
musical impossibilities of the hymnal at
present patronized by the faithful of the
Methodist church. He said:
"Henry Ward Beecner once said,
'Hymns are the exponent of the inmost
piety of the church. 1 Let us truly exam
ine our authorized hymnal and see what
kind of a book the Methodist church is ex
pected to use. We have a hymnal con
taining 1111 hymns, many of which nave
no more place in a singing book than so
many extracts from Milton, Pollock or
Scott. As a book of poem's our hymnal is
splendid, but set to such tunes the hymns
are simply unsingable and useless in a
song book. Take 1007, 'Tender shepherd,
thou hast stilled now thy little iamb's
brief weeping.' Now it is generally known
that lambs do not shed tears, and no
poetic license should be indulged in If it is
to violate natural laws."
Other amusing examples of poetic license
were cited, and the speaker turned his at
tention to the tunes which, he said, the
musical editors had in several instances
divorced from the hymns for which th^y
were written. "That the tunes in our
hymnal are classical is conceded, but that
the majority of them are singable is denied.
Because of this tiie country is flooded with
unnumbered 'harps' and 'songs' and hi-did
dle-diddle trash full of jingle, but devoid
of sense. Very few pastors can use our
cnurch hymnal in revivals or prayer-meet
ings or Sunday-schools unless they have a
paid choir to teach and lead, and a paid
choir rarely teaches and does not want to
have any one else sing.
"The hymns in our hymnal are gener
ally set to unsingable tunes, while our
modern revivalist jingle has tunes enough,
but omits the thundering* from Sinai and
feeds sinners on food adapted only to
saints." The speaker went on to plead for
tune 3 adapted to the sentiment of the
hymns.
'"If we had from f>oo to 800 of onr best
church Hymns set to the right kind of tunes
we should set our churches aud Sunday
schools in such a blare of Gospel singing
that we could beat the devil to death with
holy song."
Even this cheering prospect did not rec
oncile most of .the pastors who took part
in the discussion to the idea of being
shorn of their present hymnal. Rev. Dr.
Carroll said that he was astonished at the
attack and considered that its restrictions
included aspersions on St. Paul's utter
ances. Dr. Hammond defended the old
hymnal and Rev. T. K. Baker said it was
a tune in the old book which led him into
the straight and narrow path. A few of
the pastors condemned the hymnal with
faint praise, particularly Dr. Dille, who
considered it too voluminous.
At the close of the meeting resolutions
were passed expressing pleasure that the
National Woman's Christian Temperance
Union Convention is to meet in this City
next November.
Presbyterian Ministers. :
Rev. R. V. Griffith, D.D., addressed the
Presbyterian Ministerial Association yes
terday morning on "The Spiritually
Minded Contemplation of God's Word."
The paper was afterward discussed by the
pastors present, who indorsed its contents.
Rev. Mr. Perry announced the death of
Rev. J. E. Cherfy, for many years pastor
of Emmanuel Church, San Leandro. The
members of the Oakland Presbytery were
requested to attend the funeral this after
noon.
Congregational Clnbi
Rev. Loyal L. Wirt, an evangelist, gave
the Congregational Club a glowing ac
count, yesterday afternoon, of the large
number of conversions that have occurred
lately at Sebastopol and Ouerneville. Rev.
.Francis Lawson, pastor of Guerneville,
also described the great progress made by
the Congregational church in that burg
during the pa?t year. ■
Rev. A. A. Ilurd, a pastor from Oregon,
read a paper on "American Religious Lib
erty," in the course of which he strqngry
emphasized the statement that America is
a Christian country and that the failure of
the constitution to demand a religious
qualification for office does not mean that
Mohammedanism, Confuciuamsm and fet
ish worship stand on directly the same
footing as Christianity.
Thompson's Petition Denied.
The petition of Kid Thompson far a rehear
ing has been denied by the Supreme Court.
Thompson was convicted of robbing a train
and was sentenced to death. There is another
appeal pending in his case, one from an order
denying a new trial, his appeal from the judg
ment having been decided against him. It was
a. rehearing of this latter appeal which has
been denied.
NEW '■ TO-D AT- AMUSEMENTS.
t^^^pacTflc^
JOCKEY CLUB
: (Ing-leaide ' Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
■ !• -■ (RAIN rOR SHINE.) ' -'■'3:^
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. fl.
' r ADMISSION 81.00. ; I^Y
■ Take Southern Facilic trains at Third and Town- ,
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 i\ v. '
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-streec electric line ' dlreci
to track. "* ' ' . .
;A. B. SPRECKEL* ' W. a LEAKE, V:
. President. . Secretary. '
SHEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
fRICDMnQER.W)TTIOD o>- ujiUAnßrwiAOWi-"
DIDYOUT 7 ' OF
HEAR IT?
"ANOTHER OLD-TIME ROUSEB.
HOUSE PACKED AS CSU.AL,.
A REALLY GOOD PLAY.
A REALLY EXCELLENT COMPANY.
E3TJGKEBNE O'ROURKB,
In the Greatest of All Irish Comedy-Dramas,
3HEmLowpHir
A Story of Irish Life True to Nature.
SPECIAL.— In conjunction with this massive
production ."
JOHN T-i. SULLIVAN,
' <:. - Champion of the World, and
FADDY K.YA2ST,
Ex-Cnamplon of America, will appearina Thre«-
Bound'Kxhibltion of Boxini?, introduced by
CHAKLKS K. (I'AKSON) I>A VIES.
Monday Next "A TEXAS STEER I"
TO-KTIGHT
HOYT'S
Greatest Succe**, the Stupondoun Sneo*
tacular Musical Comedy and .Mil
tary Satire, ■
; A HVTIXjIEC.
BR ASS BAND, NEWEST, CATCHY MUBIO,
A LAUGHING SUCCESS!
PEOPLE 5O
f- '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mks. Ebnkstise Kreling, Proprietor & Manager
Everybody Knows That We Will Present
■!■ " THIS KVEMNG «I»
H THE MERRY OPERA, X3C
| "THEHOOLAH!" S
C> \BRIGHT MUSICt O
Xj «'THE COrXTKY BAND." Xj
J&* Lovely Costumes I .A-
3E3C Beautiful Scenery ! 3E2
"A Trip Tlirough the Midway Plaisance."
NEXT OPERA—
"JVEAJFLTTAIXrA !"
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
GROVER'Sj\LCAZAR.
LAST WEEK AND POSITIVE FAREWELL
W. T. CARLETON
■ AND his — • .
OPERA COMPANY I
• To-night and During the AVeek,
GRAND DOVBIJS I'»ILL!
"THE CHARITY GIRLS"
"T^&i 3VEXIt-A.130."
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday Only
Prices— NJght, 750, 50c, 35c, 25c, 150.
aiatinee. 50c, 35c, «sc, 15c.
SUNDAY NEXT,
— MATINEE AND NIGHT
THE BAII.EY CoHIIXUOUS SHOW
CommencaA at GROVER'S ALCAZAR.
Resumption of Popular Prices.
MOROSCO'S
I GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America. '
WALTKK MOROSCO; Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING .\T EIGHT,
I Grand Production, After Weeks of Preparation, of
the Incomparable English Success,
"THE SILVER KING"
Without a Solitary Exception
"The Greatest Drama of the Century."
. - Svksixo I'r.icttA— 2Sc and 5Ta
\-i family Circle and Gallery. 100.
Uiaal Matinees Saturday ana Sunday. '
ORPHEUM.
OTarrell Street, Between stoctroa an! Pswall.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
MORE EXTRAORDINARY ATTRACTION
; NEW TO S.VN FRANCISCO!
CZZAS. £1. WAPID,
The Famoua singer, Song-writer and Xonologuist.
; THE ATMOS FAiMILY,
The Greatest Acrobatic Quintet in the World.
Return Engagement, for One WeeK Only, of
RACHIEL WALKfcR,
The Celebrated Creole Nightingale,
I And Our Peerless Vaudeville Company.
| .Reserved seats, ~6c; Balcony, 10c; Opera ouulri
and Box seats, 50c. ;
THE AUDITORIUM,
. > Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
Friedlander, Gpttlob * Co., Lessees and Manager*
' LAST PERFOR3IANCE TO-NIGHT.
The Wonder of the Nineteenth Century,
-A-nNrKTA EVA ZEVA.TT!
In Her Amusing and Mysterious Entertainment,
gojVEKroxjErJCY :
Popular Prices— lsc, 3.">0 and 50c.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Feikdla n Gottlob <fc Co., Lesaees&Manajers
The Greatest of Them All!
THURSDAY' EVENING. MARCH 12,
: SATURDAY ERNOON, MARCH 14,
The World-Renownod Waunerimi Singer,
M9IE.,AMALIA-MATEt(NA
And the Great Bohemian Violinist,
HERR FRANZ ONORICKK
1■- • ISIIX)RK I.UCKSTONE, I'ianist.
. Seats now on sale at Sherman. Clay <& Co.'s. .
: , ; Frices-5Uc, $1, $1 60 and $'2.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
TO-NIGHT and Whole Week,
■ The Favorite Tragedian,
FREDERICK WARDE.
, > T0N1GHT...... "TIIK MOUNTEBANK"
Wednesday evening " The Lion's Mouth "
Thursday evening..-...;...'."..... 1....." Vir^iniiia"
Friday eveniiiK '. .'....;....." Kinj: Lear"
Saturday Mutinee. .-..;..,.... :." Julius CMaf "
Saturday evening. "Damon and Pythias"
; CHOICE SEATS NOW ON S.VLK.
U MECHANICS' PAVILION.
i Blarch 6, r 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11. •<-
BICYCLE TOURMMVF
AND CYCLE SHOW I
OVER $3000 IN PRIZES !
BICYCLE GIVEN AWAY EACH
. NIGHT AS A GATE PRIZE.
ALL THE CRACKAJACKS
CONTEST IN TIIK RACES.
. ALL PRINCIPAL DEALERS COM-
PETE IN THIS CYCLE SHOW.
Admission— Afternoon 25c, Evening 500
Children Under 12 Half Price.
THE WEATHER IS FINE, SO
Shoot the Chutes and Trip ; the Trolley!
■? • Afternoon and Evening.
'. . ADMISSION—: 10 CENTS. /
Children (inciudlus Merry-Go- Round Ridoj, 10a,
78
ONE CENT FOR
A CITY "HELLO"
Scope of a Proposed Oppo
sition Telephone Com
pany.
WILL WIRE THE STATE.
Rates in San Francisco and
Throughout California to
Be Reduced.
IMPROVED SERVICE PROMISED.
Every Telephone-User Will Be Pro
vided With a Long-Distance
Instrument.
By the Ist of July, 1897. it is expected to
have in operation not only in this City
but throughout the State a telephone sys
tem that will be in every sense of the word
a competitor of the company now operat
ing in this field.
The new company is already incorpor
ated, and on Saturday last applied for a
franchise to construct and operate its pro
posed lines in this City. It is known as
the People's Mutual Telephone Company.
Jts directors are: James L. Crittenden,
president; \\ r iliiam H. Chapman, secre
tary; J. T. McCrosson, F. W. Spencer and
Reuben Tucker. Its capital stock is $5,
--000,000, divided into 50,000 shares of $100
each.
In an intervtew yesterday President
Crittenden spoke in detail of the plans of
the company, which have much that is
novel and enterprising to commend them
to the pubJic. He said:
"The company has been at work for
some time obtaining contracts from peo
ple who propose to use its instruments,
and has already over 1500 in this City
alone. It intends to put in none but Jong
distance telephones; that is, instruments
that can be used for service outside the
City 3s within the City, so that every one
who has one of our telephones will be able
to communicate with any part of the
State.
Every part of our system will be con
structed of oniy the best material obtain
able, and the instruments will be of the
very latest designs, including many im
provements not in use on the present sys
tem.
"Our rates will be $3 a month for rental
and 5 cents for each local switch, but spe
cial contracts will be made by which the
charge for switching will not exceed 1 cent
per switch. A free telephone will be
placed in every principal City and County,
State and Federal otiice in San Francisco,
and in tbe State Capitol at Sacramento.
"Our rates for telephoning between the
different points in tue State will be about
50 per cent of the rates now ueing cuarged,
and our service in ail respects will be kept
up to the highest state of efficiency, with
the idea of obviating all cause of com
plaint,
"One of the most important features of
our plan is that every effort is being made
to interest in this company all users of
telephones by donating to and distribut
ing among them shares of the capital
stock free of cost, so as to make tnis tele
phone company not only a mutual but a
co-operative institution and enterprise, in
the managemeivt and control of which
every telephone user will have a voice.
Each person who signs a contract for the
use of a telephone of this company will be
entitled to from one to tive shares of fully
paid-up stock of the company, according
to the duration of his contract for the use
of one of the company's telephones, and
such stock will not be assessable. Twenty
thousand shares, or $:I.oUo,<>oo worth of
stock, have been set aside for ttiis part of
the plan, the object being to secure per
manent subscribers, for no compromise or
settlement witn the Pacific Bell Telephone
Company will be made by this coniDany,
and it will under no circumstances sell r
disposeof any of its rights or contracts
and will continue to be an active opposi
tion telephone company.
"Our reason for asking intending sub
scribers to sign contracts is tnat this oppo
sition company has to meet one of the
most powerful moneyed monopolies in
the world, and we can only hope for
success by making the actual users of our
telephones interested in the profits of the
company, as we do by donating to them
shares of the stock in the manner
described. The plan cf securing contracts
is the only wise and prudent one open to
this company, for no business man and no
man of sense would invest and expend
$I,iXK),OOO to introduce an opposition tele
phone system against the powerful Pacific
Bell Telephone monopoly upon the mere
promise on the part of users of the tele
phone that they will use his telephone
after it has been introduced.
"We have not yet begun construction on
any part of our system, having delayed
doing so until we were assured of sufficient
support to warrant us in going ahead.
This we consider we now almost have, and
have therefore applied for the franchise in
this City. The lines of the company
throughout the State can be constructed
without any franchise, and satisfactory ar
rangements will be made with all opposi
tion telephone companies in every city
and town of this State. As soon as the
franchise is granted by the Supervisors of
this City, and we secure contracts with a
majority of the telephone users in this
City, forty or fifty working parties wiil be
put to work in the City and throughout
the State.
"In order to encourage the use of the
telephone by the press of tne State we
shall make special rates for newspaper
dispatches, and will endeavor to give a
press service that will meet all the exact
ing requiremeuts of such an undertaking.
Among other things we shall endeavor to
give the papers almost direct connection
with theircbrrespondents, so that they can
communicate with them at any time of the
day or night.
"After the work of construction is begun
the rapidity with which it will be carried
on will depend in part on the amount of
support we receive from the users of tele
phones."
YOSEMITE STAGE DOOMED
Railway Men Say the New Line
From Merced Will Have
That Effect.
Apparently Insignificant Traffic Thai
Yielded Immense Profits to
Hnntingtcn.
The effect of the proposed railway be
tween Merced and the Yosemite Valley,
when competition will have been begun
with the Southern Pacific stnge routes,
was discussed by some railway men on the
street yesterday.
From the conversation it could ne eath
ered that the railroad men regarded the
project of a line along the picturesque
can yon of the Merced to the \osemite as
something that should have been thought
of and carried into execution years ago.
One of them, who was intimate with the
Southern I'acinc favorite methods, gave
some reasons why this road was not built
in past years. .
'The "Southern Pacific had too good a
thing in their stace route," he said, "to
think of introducing anything like a
branch road. Just imagine what they
have been making on tourists!
"To begin with, the fare round trip
alone has been $55, and it will be $55 till
this new road is built. The stage route
has been tacing about 2500 tourists a year
into ihe valley, so you may say that the
total income in round numbers has been
$150,000 for this apparently insignificant
business alone. As many as 4000 tourists
have gone into the valley over the
Southern Pacific rail and stage lines in one
season. That year the receipts were $220,
--000. In addition to all that the tourist has
to pay for a sleeper to Bereuda, and for
meals" on the way. In fact the general
public has no idt-a of the amountof money
that has been in this business.
"I believe that when tuis new road is
finished, travel to the Yosemite will in
crease tenfold. Then the Southern Pa
cific may close its Berenda branch, sell its
i-tages, and quit selling tickets to the val
ley, and Sam Miller will have to mourn
an occupation gone. It will be like the
passenger business to Portland nowadays;
people will travel on the Merced River
Itaiiroad as they are now going north by
the steamers."
Mr. Wulkop, the promoter of the new
line and a member of its board of direct
ors, corroborated the railway agent,
saying: "We have gone into this
question carefully, and I can say that the
number of j r early visitors to the Yosemite
by the stage route exclusively averages
between 2500 and 4000. We intend to have
all that number for a certainty and thou
sands more at a greatly reduced cost.
They can leave San Francisco late in the
evening and awake next morning amid
the beautiful mountain scenery of the
Merced Canyon, which is analogous to
that of the valley itself."
BURGLARS STILL BUSY.
Several More Residences in the
Western Addition Are
Entered.
The Police Suspect Two Ex-Convicts
Who Are Working as Potato
Peddlers.
Two burglars who are operating in the
Western Addition are giving the police
considerable trouble. Men have been
specially detailed to capture them, but so
far they have been unsuccessful, and re
ports of burglaries keep coming in to
police headquarters.
Yesterday morning Joseph Arriheim,
1227 Ellis street, reported to the police that
his house had been entered on Saturday
night and a gold wat«h and various
articles of jewelry and silverware had been
stolen, including most of their marriage
presents.
Tne family left the house at 6 o'clock,
and did not return until shortly before
midnight. The rear door had been forced
open with a "jimmy"' and every room had
been ransacked for money or jewelry. The
bureau drawers in all the bedrooms had
been searched, and the burglars did not
take time to replace the contents but left
them scattered about on tbe Moors.
About 7 o'clock two men were seen
loitering in front of the house. One rang:
the doorbell two or three times and then
they were seen to go away. The pre
sumption is they had returned in a few
moments and broke into the house
from the rear.
The police believe they are the same two
potato peddlers who broke into the house
of Mrs. Miller. 715 a O'Farrell street, on
.Saturday morning while she was at church
and stole several hundred dollars' worth of
jewelry.
The police have been furnished with a
good description of the two men, and their
capture is only a question of time. They
are sunposed to be two crooks who have
recently been discharged from San Quen
tin and are commitung the burglaries
under the guise of potato peddlers.
Among tne other burglaries reported to
the police within the past few days besides
the two referred to was one at the house
1036 Sacramento street and another at the
residence of J. Russ on Mason street, near
Jackson. Both of these places were entered
while the families were temporarily ab
sent, and valuable jewelry wa? carried off.
The lady at 1036 Sacramento street was so
frigutened by another probable visit from
the burglars that in two days afterward
she removed to another locality.
SALVATIONISTS SERENE.
Are Not Disturbed by the Recent
Demonstration in New
York City.
The Monster Welcome Meeting to
General Booth in the Crystal
Palace, London.
The demonstration in honor of ex-Com
mander and Mrs. Booth in Cooper Union
on Sunday night does not appear to have
had any effect on the officers and soldiers
of the Salvation Army in this City. They
are all at their several posts, and do not
seem to manifest any desire to want to
join the new movement.
"I have no idea what the extent of the
new movement will be-," said Major
Halpin, editor of the War Cry, last even
ing, "and up to a late hour we have not re
ceived any advices from New York. I do
not understand how ex-Commander Booth
can be anything but a Salvation Army
warrior; born and raised in the army, he
is full of its teachings, and it seems im
possible for him to be anything but one of
the Salvation Army.
"Through his private secretary came the
announcement that he and his wife would
retire from the army and devote them
selves to evangelical work, but I do not
think they will do that.
"The great struggle for supremacy will
take place in New York City, and the ad
vance of any movement looking toward
organization of a separate body can be
checked there. The forces in the United
States will ba guided by that.
"On the 10th General Booth, who was
absent in India at the time of the trouble,
will be present in the Crystal Palace,
where a monster welcome meeting will be
held, and it is probable that a commission
of inquiry will be appointed to hear the
statements of both sides and make a re
port. There has been a request that we
suspend judgment on this matter for a
while, and our people here are doing so.
"It is a little strange," said the major,
after going over the recent troubles, "that
ex-Commander Booth and his wife should
have said, j»s the published reports have
it, that they continued in the army until
the Lord told them to discontinue, and
that warning from the Lord should come
just at the time the ex-commander re
ceived notice 'to farewell.' lie ought to
have obeyed the farewell request and
shown obedience to his superiors, as he
expected us to obey him when he was in
command."
There are now in the diocese of Liver
pool 17 Sunday-school as?ociations, 308
schools, otxJ4 teachers aud 103,324 scholars.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896.
ANOTHER FORGERY
IN THE FIFTH
More History of Mahoney's
Snap Saturday Night
Meeting.
VOTED FOR JOHN MARTIN
Another Meeting of the State
Central Committee Seems
Certain.
MUCH REMAINS TO BE DONE.
Leading Republicans See the Only
Wise and Certain Way to Har
mony and Success.
•I. If. Mahoney.
W. S. Russell.
John G. Tyrrell, proxy to Frank
Worth.
Gufitav Melsing, proxy forged.
John Martin, proxy forged.
These were the five votes by which a
Congressional committee for the Fourth
District was alleged to have been created a
week ago last Saturday at the snap meet
ing held in Senator Mahoney's rooms in
the Baldwin Hotel.
The list now contains two forged
proxies.
John Martin, the member of the State
Central Committee from the Forty-fifth
Assembly District, was not at the meeting,
and the voting of bis proxy was simply
another shameless political trick of the
sort familiar to Jerry Mahoney and Martin
Kelly, who Lave hadthe practical working
ot things locally in behalf of the railroad
interests.
Last evening John Martin made oath to
the following affidavit:
State of California, i
City and County of San Francisco.)
John Martin, being duly sworn, deposes and
says: That he is a duly accredited, regular and
acting member of the Republican State Central
Committee from the Forty-fifth Assembly Dis
trict, which snid district is within and forms a
part of the Fourth Congressional District of
the State of California, and that he was such
committeeman frior to and on the 29th day
of February. IS!K>.
That on the evening of said last-mentioned
day certain members of the said Stats Central
Committee from the said Fourth Congressional
District met, as affiant is informed, in a room
in the Baldwin Hotel, in the City of San Fran
cisco; that affiant was not piesent at said
meeting in said room, either in person or by
proxy; that affiant is informed that at said
meeting some person claimed and assumed to
act, speak and vote for and on behalf of affiant,
anrtrlid vote, act and speak for said ailiant,
claiming written authority from affiant so to
do; th*t affiant never at any time or times
gave his proxy in writing or otherwise to any
person or persons to vote his name or to speak
or act for him, said affiant, at said meeting;
that if any writing or paper was presented by
any person at said meeting bearing the name
of affiant, then affiant says that his name or
signature to said paper was forged.
John Martin.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th
day of March, 189(5. Justin Gates,
Notary public to and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
At the snap meeting in question there
were present in person the following mem
bers of the State Central Committee from
the Fourth District : Twenty-eighth Assem
bly District. W. S. Russell; thirtieth, I. S.
Cohn; Thirty-first, "William Smadeke;
Thirty-second, Thomas C. Duff; Forty
third, J. H. Mahoney; Forty-fourth, A.
Ruef.
E. C. Hughes, representing the Forty
second district, was absent and sent no
proxy. Jake Shaen was called in by
Mahoney, given a piece of paper, which he
was told was Melting's proxy, and he pro
ceeded to vote the programme according
to orders. On Monday lie discovered the
situation and vigorously declared he was
the innocent victim of a trick. County
Clerk Curry held the proxy of H. Sum
mers of the Thirty-tnird, who was ill in
bed. Frank D. orth represented John
G. Tyrrell of the Thirty-ninth, and an
alleged proxy of John Martin of the Forty
fifth was in Jerry Mahoney's possession.
The meeting hurriedly called at night
went in spite of vigorous protests by
Messrs. Duff, Curry and one or two others
that the meeting was a snap proceeding;
that no due notice had been given, and
that a programme was sought to be :ushed
through without necessity lor hasty
action and without due opportunity for
deliberation.
Ten districts were represented. Six only
of the eleven districts were represented by
members of the State committee them
selves. The notice to Thomas C. Duff had
been sent to his house at 9:30 p. m., and it
was by accident that he heard of the meet,
ing.
. With two forged proxies and with one
legitimate one Mahoney and Kelly were
sure of controlling the meeting. Mahoney
had his list of committeemen ready. The
committee was created by the votes of two
of the eleven members of the State Cen
tral Committee, Messrs. Mahoney and
Russell, aided by the proxy held by Frank
Wor.h, and the two proxies forged for the
occasion.
A. Ruef, who was unanimously elected
chairman, did not vole. The vote's against
the appointment of Senator Mahoney'e
committee we r e those of I. S. Conn, Wil
liam Smadeke and Thomas C. Daff, mem
bers of the State Central Committee, and
of C. F. Curry, representing H. Summers.
That is the history of the snap Saturday
night meeting held at 11 p. m. in Senator
Maiioney's rooms, at which Mahoney and
Kelly sought to grab the control of the
State and National interests of the Repub
lican party in the Fourth Congressional
District and slip the victory to th« rail
road.
The regular Congressional committee ap
pointed on Wednesday evening by seven
affirmative votes stands in marked con
trast to the one created on the previous
Saturday night. Its legality and author
ity have been recognized by a majority of
the Republicans interested in fairness and
decency and in the success of the party.
This committee proposes to act in haY-
J inony with the principles and methods in
behalf of which John D. Spreckels has
taken a bold and vigorous stand. It stands
for regularity and fairness of method, the
recognition of all elements of the party
and the harmony and succ-.ss of the party.
Tiie end of the present conflict between
the two committees in the Fourth District
as well as o! other conflicts presented by
the local Republican situation did not ap
pear yesterday with clearness.
There have been indicarions that several
members of the committee created at Sena
tor Mahoney 's meeting would decline to
have anything to do with a job so tainted
with indecency. From the first General
W. H. Dimond, who was willing to serve
the party in any dignified, broad ana
honest way, has declined to have anything
to do with that committee. Other mem
bers are said to have about reached a
similar decision since the methods of Ma
honey and Kelly have been exposed. How
small the Mahoney Congressional com
mittee of seven will become through the
conscience and sense of respectability resi
dent in its members, and how active Ma
honev and Kelly will be in tilling va
cancies trius caused, cannot just now be
foretold.
The solution of this and all other per
plexing Republican difficulties appeared
yesterday nowhere out to the proposition
that the State Central Committee should
hold another meeting, do important things
that it left undone and fake such authori
tative action in the interest of party har
mony as the independent and fair-minded
judgment of the members might dictate.
Tuis was the most important topic of
discussion among leading Republicans
yesterday . % It did not appear as a factional
proposition. The good sense, if not the
absolute necessity, of the step was recog
nized by a great number of leading Repub
licans o^ a variety of interests and affilia
tions. There were those who opposed it
and those who doubtfully leaned either
toward favor or opposition to the proposi
tion. However, the impetus which the
idea had gained since last Saturday seemed
yesterday to give strong promise that this
road to a settlement of the general tangle
of affairs will be taken tins week.
There are many considerations in favor
of another meeting of the State Central
Committee. Important preliminary cam
paign work was left undone at the one
hour meeting of a week ago Saturday in
Pioneer Hall. The Estee vote was declared
the basis for the apportionment of dele
gates to the Congressional conventions
and to the State Convention, but no ap
portionment of delegates to the various
counties was made, as has always been
done and as it is proper to do to avoid
mistakes and contentions. The call made
no provisions for the nomination of Con
gressmen or electors. A new State Central
Committee and other things were aban
doned to the future State convention to
take voluntary action on.
The recent meeting of the .Republican
State Central Committee was an unusual
one in the brevity of its session, the single
ness of its work and, chiefly, in the fact
that a programme constituting a complete
innovation of the methods of Republican
State politics was Hashed unexpectedly on
the meeting by the executive committee
and accepted without discussion or clear
understanding. Hardly a dozen of the
seventy-live members of the committee
present had received any intimation of the
nature of the call to be "reported. An ad
journment was taken within a few minutes
of the reading of the call. Misunderstand
ings as to what was to be the course of
affairs in some particulars began in the
hall and lasted there for a half hour, and
they have increased since. The holding of
an aggregation of Congressional conven
tions in this manner is a new thing and
the way of doing was not well prepared
beforehand in the Republican political
system. The sending of delegates by elec
tion, appointment or otherwise was left to
Congressional committees. Such things
didn't happen to be in existence in many
districts. It was left to the State Central
Committeemen from each district to
create them, and to them supreme power
was given. These State Central Com
mitteemen have found much trouble in
performinff this duty. It is a disputed and
important question" whether or not the
members of the executive committee at
large, appointed by M. M. Estee, have the
right to participate in the election of Con
gressional committees. There are im
portant tangles in the Third, Fourth and
Fifth districts, and smaller ones elsewhere
throughout the State.
In this condition of affairs many leading
Republicans see that the easiest, wisest
and surest way of straightening out things,
effecting harmony in the party and crea
ting a situation that will insure party suc
cess, is to have the State Central Commit
tee meet again, do what it left undone in
its one-hour session, and taking such fur
ther steps as the good sense and fair judg
ment of the majority may dictate. It is
recognized that the State; Central Commit
tee is now the supreme power. It is the
power that will bf» obeyed and the natural
one to act at this juncture.
The affairs of the Fifth District also
await future developments. The delegates
from Santa Clara County, S. F. Ayer and
J. B. O'Keefe, and George C. Ross of San
Mateo County, now constitute a third fac
tion among thf State Central Committee
men of the Fifth Dii-trict. This faction
shows a slight disposition to hold the bal
ance of power in the interest of the nomi
nation of a Coneressman from down that
way. Jim Rea of San Jose is credited
with joining interests with them.
The claim of Chairman P. B. Cornwall
ol a rieht to participate in the appoint
ment of the Congressional Committee is
another element of uncertainty in the
situation. \Vhether or not the meeting at
Redwood City next Thursday will be held
according to the adjournment of three
mistaken members last Saturday also
awaits the future. Other arrangements
for the meeting will likely be effected.
THE FIRE-ALARM SYSTEM
Changes to Be Made When the
Central Station Is Moved to
the City Hall.
Dynamo Force Will Replace the Cell
Batteries — A Special Telephone
Line— The Old Bell.
"It is Impossible to say at this time when
Ibis department will be told that the new
quarters in the tall tower of the City Hall
will be ready for us," snid W. R. Hewitt,
superintendent of the fiie alarm and police
telegraph system, yesterday, ' ; but as soon
as such notice is given I shall be ready to
state what will be needed.
"This year I shall apply to the Super
visors for an appropriation of $25,000 for
the expenses of the changes that will be
made in the system, chances that the
growth of the City demand for the better
protection of property. In the new place,
which will be luted up very much on the
same lines as the present office, the battery
of cells will be done away with and a dyn
amo will be used instead. There will be a
change in the arrangement of circuits,
some of which at this time are over
crowded. On some circuits there are
thirty fire alarm stations, and there ought
not to be more than ten or twelve. This
great number of stations on one line has
the effect of creating confusion with the
tapper lines, which are indirectly con
nected with the stations.
"The tappers, you understand, are the
little instruments that give notice in the
engine-houses that an alarm is being sent
in, and they also eive the number of the
station. W hen two or more alarms are
turned in at the same time from stations
on one circuit there is a mixing of num
bers and loss of valuable time. By the
use of a tapper an alarm is received at the
engine-house a considerable time ahead
of that given on the gongs and bells.
"In the new office there wili be an inde
pendent telephone system in addition to
the general system. Everything that can
be will be done to improve the method of
receivine and sending out alarms. The
old station on Brenham place will be aban*
doed, but what will be done with the old
bell on the tower lam unable to tell. If
the Fire Department should be changed
into a full paid one there would not be any
further use for the big bells."
This old bell was imported from the East
in the fifties for the Volunteer Fire De
partment and placed on the top of the old
City Hall, and for many years was struck
by hand, the alarms in. those days being
given by districts. The City was divided
into twelve districts, and the bell-ringers
stood watch in the tower, watching for
strange smokes and unusual bright lights.
Wnen these were located the bell-ringers
with a heavy sledgehammer, would an
nounce the district in which it was seen
and the hremen would leave their houses
and start orf in search of the fire. When
the telegraph alarm was introduced the
be -ringers were discontinued and the
bell was struck by electricity. The bell
remained on the City Hall until the earth
quake of October, 186S, shook the old
structure so badly that it had to be razed
one story. The central fire alarm station,
which was in the upper story, was re
moved to a mansard story built on the
hallof the Exem pts on Brenhara place, and
the bell was placed in a tower specially
built for it and has been there ever since.
THE JUNTA SEES
THE SALT RIVER
It Is Bumping on Rainey
Rocks and the Danger
Is Great.
BTTCKLEY IN WAR PAINT
Vigorous Preparations for a
Great Donnybrook Fair
on Saturday.
STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
A Practical Certainty of a Harmony
Committee and an Open
Primary.
That the anti-Buckley Democratic Junta,
now beaded by Gavin McNab and W. P.
Sullivan, is on the verge of complete disas
ter is plainly shown by the trend of Demo
cratic events and sentiment.
For a long time after the split with
Buckley in the old general committee
Messrs. McNab, Popper, Sullivan and
Braunhart proclaimed the certainty of
the State Central Committee's recognizing
their organization as the regular party
machine.
Now that the meeting of the Democratic
State Central Committee next Saturday
has drawn near it appears certain that the
State Central Committee will do no
such thing. It will not recognize
the Bucidey general committee us
the regular machine either. It will
clear the Democratic decks, as far as State
politics are concerned, of Buckley, Rainey,
Daggett, McNab and all the other ambi
tious factional elements now variously
piaying their power against each other
and ngainst the middle and will order an
open primary for the whole party and ap
point a committee to boss it.
That may in the end turn out to be a
victory for the Buckleyites, as they are
strong, ably and completely organized
under Buckley's masterly direction, and
they don't want anything better to tackle
than another good old-fashioned, rousing
primary.
The members of the State Central Com
mittee from the interior have very few of
them any use for Chris Buckley, and they
would go a good- ways to keep him
out of control and recognize a decent
element worthy of recognition. But Sam
Rainey is the one real great power in the
Junta and they don't Hue the odor of him
any better than that of his old partner.
So what can a poor State Central Commit
tee do? The interests of the party must
be looked after.
If the Junta was composed entirely of
good men like Gavin McNab it might get j
the works from the State Central Commit
tee. But the Junta is already on the rocks
and it may even go to pieces at the first
meeting of its new general committee
called for Thursday evening.
That depends upon two questions. Has
Sam Rainey general control of the organ
ization, and, if he has, will he consider it
a wise political move to show his hand at
that meeting by seating his friends in
contesting delegations or r»y defenting Col
onel \V. P. Sullivan for chairman?
Back of Sam Rainey and associated with
him is the Daggett strength. The Rainey-
Daggett strength is conceded to be danger
ously near a majority. Ed Lanigan con
trols forty or fifty votes in the new com
mittee and if he votes with Rainey tue
three elements will have their pleasure.
Lanigan has lain low and nobody yet is
certain where he stands. He is dickering
and waiting.
So the Thursday night meeting is
fraugnt with fnte for the Junta. There is
so much factional feeling in the aggrega
tion of discordant elements that the meet
ing may develop a merry row. Every ef
fort is being made by McNab to avoid this
and present a smooth fro^t.
if the Junta does not go to pieces in a
general smash on Thursday evening, as it
is in danger of doing unless concessions
are made to the Rainey element, it will at
least appear before the State Central Com
mittee on Saturday trying to cover np the
Rainey-Daggett part of itself, and denying
Sam Rainey with every breath. This is what
is believed by a large number of leading
Democrats to be the thing that makes a
recognition of the Junta machine by the
State committee an impossibility. The
State committee will not take power from
Chris Buckley to feed Sam Rainev, and
besides that a large element in the party
is opposed to John Daggett. Some oppose
him anyhow, and some because of his
efforts to gain control in San Francisco
politics through the use of Mint patronage.
But on top of all this there are those
who were long with the Junta who are now
repudiating it, because of the strength that
Rainey has secured.
Max Popper is in Los Angeles and will
not return until Friday. He is intensely
opposed to Rainey and before the primary
declared that he would drop the move
ment of Rainey because too strong. It is
said by some of Popper's friends that he
will appear at the meeting of the State
Central Committee and openly declare war
on Ruiney. E. P. E. Troy of the Iroquois
Club is another one of the Junta element
that has repudiated it on Rainey's account.
The Buckleyites are piling up ammuni
tion and getting ready for a vigorous
right. Judge Robert Ferral is out hust
ling through the State, seeing committee
men in favor of the harmony proposition
mentioned. The State Central com
mitteemen are getting loaded up
with pointers from both sides. The
Buckleyites take the stand that the
Btate Central Committee has , nothing
to do with the local situation, and that
they wili make no appearance unless they
arc invited to come forward and be heard.
But then the invitation will come early,
and they will early land in the middle of
the fray with attorneys like Judge Ferral,
Peter F. Dunne. A. J. Clunie and other
Democrats of party fame and prestige.
Gavin McNab will make the speech of
his life in "roasting" Buckley,
and as likely as not somebody will
say something about Mr. McNab. The
history of that adjournment sine die
by Watkins and other events will be told,
and there will be stacks of affidavits on
local political history. The Buctleyites
still declare that if the Junta should be
officially recognized they will simply go
right ahead and send their own delegation
to the State Convention. Altogether the
coming meeting of the State Central Com
mittee promises to become historic.
The club presidents of the Buckley Gen
eral Committee held a meeting at the Occi
dental Club last evening in preparation for
the meeting of the general committee
which C). airman Joseph Rothschild has
called for Wednesday evening at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. At that meeting some action
will be taken in anticipation of the State
Central Committeo meeting.
The BucKleyites will to-day open perma
nent downtown quarters at 935 Market
street.
IN THE FORTY-FOURTH.
The Maxwell Faction Declared War
Last Night.
The Maxwell faction of the! Forty-fourth
District met a? the District Club last even
ing and received an emphatic refusal from
Chairman Sullivan to accept their propo
sition for another open primary at which
the ticket elected should be recognized.
The club then finally declared war. The
twenty-five delegates to the general com
mittee elected at the primary organized as
follows:
President, .1. J. Degan £vice-president, R. T.
Acres; recording secretary, T. J. Maxwell; cor
responding secretary, Albert Bear; treasurer,
W. T. Pilkington.
Canvassing committee — Ed. Feeney, Thomas
Foley, William Ortelli, George Ryan, J. W.
Davids.
General committee— G. laccheri, J. Fay Br.,
J. Bowen. .1. J. Kitterman. M. Murphy, William
Raubmger, S. Antonio, J. A. irpinetti, P. Mes
sini, J. Creber, Joseph Cassidy, William J. J..
Weeks, Frank Ormsbv. James Riley, Louis To
desta.
This delegation will demand recognition
of the general committee Thursday even
ing, ami over the question the prcat fight
of^ the meeting will occur. The club
adopted the following resolutions:
Whereas, At a meeting of this club on
Saturday evening, Mnrch 7, 18!>6, a resolution
was adopted proposing to hold another pri
mary election tor delegates to the general
committee from this district; and whereas, in
a communication in writing from William P.
Sullivan, chairman of the general committee,
the proposal was rejected, thereby denying to
the Dejiocrnts of the district their right to
select their own representatives in the organi
zation of the party ; now therefore be it
Resolved. That we denounce the arbitrary
conduct of William P. Sullivan as unfAir, un
just and undemocratic; that he is assuming a
power not vested In him by rule or law in the
Democratic party ; and be it further
Resolved, That we having exhausted every
effort upon our part to harmonize the
existing differences, we now appeal to the
general committee of the Democratic party to
seat our representatives, who were fairly and
honestly elected on the evening of the 21th
day of February, 189(>, in which election botii
factions in the district were equally repre
sented in the appointment of election officers.
Resolved, That this club, the regular Demo
cratic Club of the Forty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict, is opposed to bossism in all its forms,
and will exercise every effort in our power to
prevent any boss or set'of bosses from gaining
control of the Democratic party of this Cay
and County ; and be it further
Resolved, That our representatives elected to
the general committee be and are hereby
directed and instructed to carry out the said
wishes and desires of this club in every in
stance.
The executive committee of the Junta
met Jast night to take some action in re
gard to the Forty-fourth District Club and
after a prolonged discussion Colonel \V.
P. Sullivan was appointed a peace commis
sion with power to make terms so that the
district shall be represented at the general
meeting to be held Thursday night in Pio
neer Hajl. Should the commissioner fail
to make terms satisfactory to the commit
tee, the district will be unrepresented.
NEW TO-DAT. '
tc^
4JRafc
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
QTJCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC
0 diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary onrans, rupture, pile 3,
varicocele, liydrocele and swelling of the glands.
lies or partial loss of sexual uoiver in. either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry, ■
. bashfnlness. failing memory and ail the dls!res?-
I ing ills resulting from nervous dobllity positively
an " permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
tnrp and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
; ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITK your troubles if Hying away from the
city and advice will be tiven you free of charge.
Address F. L. sWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Ofllce),
San Francisco, CaL
PAPER
HANGINGS
| AND |
INTERIOR
DECORATING.
WE ARE NOW PREPARED TO
show- the largest and' most
elegant stock of
WALL PAPER
ever offered in the city, comprising
the " Choice Things" of the leading
manufactories.
With our large force of skilled
workmen we are prepared to execute
any orders for
p^CO^ATINOjiND^APERINC[
In the Latest Style ' and at . the
LOWEST PRICES
G. W. CLARK & CO.
653 Market Street.
GRATEFTJL-OOMFORTma
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
* rrr A THOROUGH knowledge OF TH»
1 XJ natural i laws which govern the operations of
digestion and nutrition, and by a careful appllcsr
Hoe the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper
a delicately lluvored beverage, which may save us
many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious
lisa of such articles of diet that a constitution ma; I
be gradually built • up until strong enough to resist
•very tendency to. disease. Hundreds of subtle
maladies are floating around us, ready to attack
wherever there is a weak point. We may escape
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well forti-
jfied with pure blood '■ and a properly nourished
frame."— Service Gazette. • .
Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold
•nly in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus:
JA3IES KFP.s & CO., Ltd., Homceopatbl*
Chemists, Loudoa, i.ngiaud. *"""*
j^Pi 50C TRIAL SETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
flKraMfffßcßpj^^A, We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
fjjj^3BHj^^^SS^V\ Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, .. 50c
f YBf7&QSKt£r£*'±y^ > B— lo lively Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Any
X^KafePteEygl^. C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c *
3B^-^Ui&7zMs3sSgk ?~f Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
fSOC TRIAL SETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, 50c
B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts ..50c Any
C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c '
D— s Superb double Petunias, <; kinds 50c 3 Sets
E-5 Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc POR
tUTOmflC^fl^ AWm IV SrJ,° Ele ? ant everblooming Roses, 10 kinds 50c -j*. 0 2B
M "'U K— lo Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, 3> I *•***
>^>- i "' 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or
VwWift' ' 1 Solaum, 1 Petunia, • 1 Abutilon, . 1 Hydran- ■ . 5 Sets
gea, 1 Chrysanthemum 50c
1 '^tw'C ■■-'•'■ 1 n l/inlnt Dlnn+o CO* 3 plants' New Calif. Violet, -.iPV^
12 Violet Plants, 5Dc, 3^ t - Muot.-^ s a wni ey S2=oo
MJ^fflS^^Sffl^S Can/1 "fnt* f\lif IHu.-itrr.ted Catalogue. It contains a
. g|IU lUI UUI complete list ot our Flower, Vegeta-
i"'3Hss3ssp ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Frr.it Trees and Small
Fruits; • our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
'»• ' • - ; T^ « ..-. - • Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and- Vege*
tobieseeds. COX SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francfsco
•.■■-.,■: ■ , . 2" >1 i; 413 Sensdrrie Street
I (7v f% Wf* 23? (S JOil ° a famous French pliysician,w!llqaicklycureycuof all ne?
■ VV^ s\l \v "TV yOUv OU or diseases of the generative oreans such as Loat^ Manhood
i^i/ \i -^J) Insomniad Pains In the B^k, Seminal lo^&^^erWs^eWH?^
H Vj^*'* 1 *^T PimplesTlJnfitness to Marry, Exhausting JDrai t.s, Varloore!e
1 vVf/ V — / , Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night . Prevents oufek.
■ X^ >o^/ n^ofdi^harge.whichifnotcliprUprtlPAdstoSpermatorrhCßVard
■ BEFORE *NO AFTEB f ld^-orso«mpote S
L CUPIDENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. *> . .
___The reason RufTerpr-. ar« not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled wHK »
Proatmtit {». CUPIDENE Is the only known remedy to cure without an operation: 5000 t^ttaonC
als. A written (ruarßntPP given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permaneut
fl.oo a box, six for |&00, by maU. Send for raKE circular and testimonials. veruiaueas cur
Address DAVOIi OI£DICI^£ CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. For sale by
BROOKS' PUAKMAUY, 119 Powell street
GRIP DEALS HARD BLOWS.
Some of It* Consequences Described by
a Famous English Authority on
Nervous Disease.
Dr. W. P.. Gowers, the leading British author
ity on nervous disease?, tells how acute mala
dies like influenza leaves the system weak and
a prey to varied evils. Mental dullness,indis
position to effort of any sort, and stiffness in
the arms, legs and back are among the ugly
things that the hateful grip leaves behind It.
Health and spirits are dragged to a very low
level and kept there. Maybe the sufferer puts
on a bold face and insists that he doesn't need
any more medicine. He will pick up and be
all right in a little while, he says.
So he will, provided he acts like a man of
sense and hastens the return of his old energy
with that sound, reliable stimulant, Duffy's
Pure Malt Whiskey. Experiments unnum
bered have been made to find something to
tone and brace bodies exhausted by influenza
and kindred diseases. Whatever the future
will bring forth, the fact is solidly established
that a good medicinal whiskey is the thing
needed to quicken the languid circulation,
thus preventing an excess of blood in some
parts of the body and an under-Bnpply of It in
others.
Duffy's Pure Malt is not made for barroom
purposes, but solely as a medicine, to be used
In debilitated states of the body. Rigid analy
sis has shown it to be free from trace of harm
ful substance.
Its effects are immediate and so wholly bene
neficial that even the dreaded 'grip has lost
most of its terrors where this peerless whiskey
is u:ed.
THAT
TRUSS=FRAME
MEANS ' .
THE "FOWLER!"
\ . SEE EXHIBIT
Spaces No. 11 and 12, Cycle Show,
MECHANICS PAVILION.
jslgosctiis auso
:'.■.'■ ' ■
—FOR THE
"BEN=HUR,
The Best Bicycle Made
FOR $85.00.
BICYCLE REPAIRING A SPECIALTY
Full Line of Bicycle Sundries r
at Lowest Prices. }
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
. OF
TEACHERS!
Ban Francisco, March 3, 1898.
The regular semt-annuel examination of appli-
cants for teachers' certificates (High School, Qrati-
mar and Primary grades and special certificates) (
will commence at the Normal School building,
Powell street, near Clay, on FIIIDAY, March 13,
1896, at 3 o'clock p.m. Applicants who wish to
pass an examination for Eigh School certificates
or special certificates will send notice to tnls office
on or before March 6:h. •
Jn compliance with the State School law each
applicant must pay an examination fee of 32 In
advance. Applicants who intend talcing the ex-:
amination must register prior to the commence-
ment of the same, as no fees will be received on
that date.
, Applicants for Primary Grade certificates will be
required to pass upon the following subjects:
Arithmetic, Grammar, Geography, Composition, •
History of the United states, Orthography and
Defining, Penmanship, Reaiins;, Methods of i'each-
in?. School Law, Industrial Drawing, Physlologv.
Civil Government. Elementary JRooKkeepin< and
Vocal Music. .Applicants for GramraarGrade cer-
tificates, in addition to passing on the above stud-
ies, must also pass on Aleebra, Physics, Pedagog-
ics, Geometry, General History and Literature. -
M. BABCOCK,
Superintendent of Common Schools,
■ George Beanston, Secretary.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL BOOM
—OF THE —
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.MR. DOCKERY
HAS A CAMERA.
He Will Take Pictures of
More Cows Than Keith
Has Painted.
NEW PHASE OF THE WAR
Photographs to Show Unsanitary
Conditions if the Law Is
Violated.
THREE CITIES IN RIVALRY.
Oakland and Alameda Take Up Some
Assertions Made by the Local
Inspector.
Milk Inspector Pockery has added pho
tography to his plan of dealing with tiie
owners of the peaceful, ruminating and I
sometimes tuberculous cow, and his j
Dr. Tom Carpenter, the Veterinary Surgeon. Employed in the Alameda Pure-Milk
Crusade.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
monthly report of the dairies and dairy
products will be illustrated.'
5 asro, and in Arcadian regions,
there h'sav poetic being known as the
r There were also fairies and
tes, and in other places than Arcadia
there were hobgoblins and giants, and
even prize-fighters.
But aii these have passed away. "The
fairies have fled, little Mabel," as the poet
says, and the milkmaidens have also van
ished. Instead of the sweet young crea
ture who lost a good matrimonial oppor
tunity by declaring that she had no other
fortune than that bestowed by nature,
the world of to-day sees the muscular and
; fane hired man.
Poets do not go in search of the hired
man on the milk ranch. They leave him
to Mr. Dockery.
A plain, practical, unromantic thine is
the dairy of the present time, a place full
of trials and tribulations, if not of mi
crobes. The dairyman has no joy in life,
and as he watches his herds and farm
hands standing idly in the barnyard and
rhewing away, he sighs in the language of
Byron :
— O milK and water!
Ye happy mixtures of more hoppy days!
He doesn't always say just that, how
ever, fcr occasionally he addresses the im
ported employes, apostrophizes an obsti
nate half-breed Jersey cow or indulges in
a rhetorical diversion on Mr. Dockery,
boards of health, bulletin boards and
things in general.
The woes of men who own cows began
with the discovery of the tuberculosis
in the milk. People who had
been uncomplaining customers all their
lives then began to clamor for less germs
and more milk. Typhoid fever was^ also
found using the milkman's cart to get
about, and it became fashionable for cities
to employ milk inspectors. At length,
San Francisco adopted the prevalent cus
tom and Mr. Dockery began his famous
crusade.
It is well known that if a man smokes
tobacco while milking a cow, the odor of
the tobacco may be detected in the milk
upon delivery to the city consumers — even
several days after the use of the tobacco.
That has been discovered since the milk-
maids went away. Milk becomes tainted
as readily as a clergyman's reputation,
however slight the cause, and so the
health officers insist that the food liquid
should be carefully guarded against con
tamination.
Mr. Dockery and Dr. Creely go out
among the ranches in the performance of
their duties. Tney order improvements in
sanitary conditions, and they have sug
gested, here and there, that an invalid cow
should bs given a chance to retire and die.
Naturally a cow likes to appear neat.
In its wild state, too, it prefers to avoid
tuberculosis as much as possible, and it
has never been known to voluntarily pro
duce admterated milk. All the evils con
nected with the milk business tind their
origin not in the cow but in tne owner of
the cow. _
So Mr. Dockery has bought an outfit to
take pictures of the dairies, and if dairy
men refuse to comply with the suggestions
for sanitary improvements the patrons
will have an opportunity to see just how
things look at the homes of the herds.
This is the most advanced step that has
been taken oy milk inspectors anywhere,
and it is believed that Mr. Dockery will
nut rest until he has brought the cathode
ray to bear on his milk investigations.
Mr. Dockery and the inspectors on the
eastern shore of the bay have become en
t-'a^-d in a sort of gentle rivalry in con
nectloo with their duties, and the milk
men see no way of checking the enthusi
asm.
Dr. F. K. Pierce, the veterinary surgeon
in charge of the Oakland work, sa£s that
notwithstanding Alameda's excellent sys
eiu and ban Francisco's vigorous warfare,
hisci'y is petting as good a milk supply as
is obtained by either of its neighbors. He
denies that the Oakland 6ystem of inspec
tion is inferior to that which has troubled
the milkmen here.
Dr. Tom Carpenter, who performs the
veterinary work for Alameda and who has
i been one of the leading men in perfecting
. that city's thorough system, admits that
! stations for the daily inspection of milk
that comes to San Francisco is of very
great importance. He agrees with In
spector Dockery entirely.
In Alameda, he said, there is not so
much need of the stations, for with only
twenty-five or thirty dairies to watch the
inspectors can get along better without the
stations than in San Francisco, where
there are more than 600 dealers. He
shows that by the Alameda system a close
watch is kept of everybody connected with
tne dairies. Men affected with tubercu
losis are not permitted to take care of the
cows, and strict precautions are taken
where there is a case of typhoid fever or of
any contagious or infectious disease in the
vicinity of a dairy.
The milk ordinance recently adopted by
the San Francisco Board of Health is re
garded as the most elaborate in existence,
its provisions being based on the experi
ence of nearly all the large American
£even of its sections, which alone would
occupy an entire column of a newspaper,
define the powers cf the Board of Health,
state the registration requirements, etc.,
and then the ordinance continues:
Section 8. The terms adulterated, impure,
unhealthy and unwholesome as used in this
ordinance mean:
Fir? i— Milk containing less than twelve (12)
j er centum of milk solids.
Second— Milk containing more than eighty
eight (8S) per centum of water or fluids.
Third— Milk containing less than thr%e and
one-fifth (3 1-5) per centum of fats.
Fourth— Milk drawn from cows within fifteen
days betore or within five days after parturi
tion.
Fifth— Milk drawn from cows led on any un
healthy or unwholesome food.
Sixth— Miik drawn from cows kept in an un
healthy or unsanitary condition, or from cowa
affected with any form of disease, or from cows
which are supplied with water which is impure
or unwnolesome.
Seventh— Milk from which any part of the
cream has been removed.
Eighth — Milk which has been diluted with
water, or with any other fluid, or to which has
been added or into which has been introduced
any foreign substance whatever.
Ninth— Milk drawn from cows or by milkers
that are themselves in a condition of filth or
uncleanliness. x
Tenth— Any milk which is shown by analysis
to contain any substance or substances of any
character whatsoever not natural or normal
constituents of milk, or to have been deprived
either wholly or in part of any constituent nat
urally or normally contained in milk.
The cleanliness of milk-wagons and cans
i 3 the subject of the ninth section, with a
regulation that no unwholesome matter
shall ai any time be placed in the cans or
carried in the wagons. Then there are
provisions regarding the milk inspections.
Dairymen are required to notify the
Health Board of any condition that they
may discover on their premises tending to
make milk impure. Another regulation
is in the following form:
Section 16. Nothing herein contained shall
be construed to prevent or prohibit the use,
sale or manufacture of what is known as con
densed milk or what is known as buttermilk
or what is known as sour milk; provided the
same are made, compounded or prepared from
pure, clean, fresh, wholesome and unadulter
ated milk within the meaning of this order,
and are in sound and wholesome condition;
and provided also, that in the case of con
densed milk the proportion of milk solids shall
be equivalent to twelve (12) per centum of
milk solids in crude milk, and that of such
solids twenty-six and one-half (96$£) per
centum shall be fat.
The penalty for violation of the ordi
nance is a fine of from $25 to $suO or of im
prisonment from ten to 100 days.
CHELINI'S CHICKENS.
Tom Keenan Arrested for Stealing Them
and John Mulligan Is Wanted by
the Police.
Tom Keenan, a petty larceny thief, was
booked at the City Prison last night by
Detectives Dillon and Crockett and Police
man E. J. Thompson on the charge of
grand larceny, and the officers are still
looking for his companion, John Mulligan.
On the day before last Thanksgiving
Giovanni Chelim of Chelini, Son & Co.,
;532 Sixth street, was delivering some
tnrkeyi at a customer's house, and left his
hors. and wagon for a few minutes. There
was B crate of chickens in the wagon,
valued at $75, and when he came out of the
house the rig had disappeared.
Chelini went to his other ptore, on Fol
snm street, near Seventh, and while then;
Keenan and Mulligan drove past with the
rig. Chelini started off in pursuit and
overtook them. A light ensued, which
was ended by Keenan throwing out the
crate of chickens and driving off. Next
day the horse and wagon were found in a
Btabte on Pine street.
iSince then Keenan and Mulligan have
kept away from their usual haunts, but
Keenan ventured out yesterday and was
caught by Poiiceman Thompson.
Stop, Thief!
Stop a small niulniy. wiiich is stealing yonr
strength, before It outruns your power to arrest it,
mid recover wlml it took from you; Th-.« safest and
promptest recuperator of waning vltulity Is Hos
tetter's Stomach Bitters, wliicli renews vigor, flesh
and nerve quietude b 'cause it restore* activity to
those finici'o is whose interruption intfrfereg with
.-.ii.r.il hear—. Use.the Bitters for dyspepsia, ma
larial, rheuma.lc and kidney complaints and bil
iousness T .,
\''" r '"• ' ' -1 " n,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896.
STILL THEY
LOWER RECORDS.
The Quarter Mile Reduced
to :29 1-5 by Edwards,
the Olympic.
TANDEM RECORD BROKEN
Egan and Jaegling of the Imperi
als Bring the Quarter Mark
Down to :20..
ACKERMAN WON THE HANDICAP
The Ten-Mile Race Captured by C. Bird
sail for the California Cycling
Club in 25:57 1.5.
There are some wonderful creations in
racing suits and blanket wraps 3een at the
cycle show at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Time was in the history of racing when a
rider considered that a pair of black tights
and a black jersey were the only proper
articles of apparel to race in ; but the taste
for color finally predominated and now
one sees the riders arrayed in suits renre
senting all the varied hues of the rainbow
and many tints blended.
The different clubs have all adopted dis
tinctive suits, which their racing men
wear, and this is found quite desirable for
the spectators and officials, as it enables
them to tell the club a man is riding for,
and answers the same purposes as the
numerous club emblems one sees ana
recognizes in the parK and on the roads.
Most of these club raciner suits are made
in two colors, being the shades adopted by
the various organizations. The Olympic
Club Wheelmen used red and white, the
Imperials white and purple, the Bay City
Wheelmen blue and white, the California
Cycling Club orange and olive green, the
AJameda Cyclers orange and black, the
Garden City Cyclers purple and gold, and
so on ad intinitum.
But it is in the selection of blanket wraps,
in which the men encase themselves while
awaiting their time to appear on the track,
that the greatest and sometimes the most
startling tastes are displayed. For in
stance the pale, blue robe that Griffiths,
the handsome Bay City iiyer, .comes forth
.in, is a wonderful creation from Honolulu
with a strange •white design embroidered
in siik that some think is a butterriy,
others a dragon, and which no one really
understands. T. B. Hall of the same club
has one in red which was evidently the
handiwork of some fair admirer. Ed
wards, the pride of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen, appears wrapped in a long
white affair, which completely covers him.
Charley Bates, than whom the Keliance
wheelmen think there is no better amateur
on the coast, wears one of red and blacK
which is a wonder. And so it is with all
the men, for there is no limit to the colors,
styles and make-up.
The crowd at the races last night was
fully as large and as interested as at any
of the previous meetings. The mile han
dicap race was a splendid event, but it was
the hve-mile militaryrelay and the ten-mile
club race which attracted the people, and
they stayed until the last event had been
run.
World's records are being broken with
such regularity at the track now that it
has ceased to create much wonderment
when one is lowered. Three went to
pieces last night before the game had been
going on fifteen minutes. Edwards of the
Olympics went out for the quarter-mile
(lying start unpaced record, and brought
it down from :29 3-o to :29 1-5. His time
for the eighth was :14 4-5.
In the first beat of the mile handicap
Wells was given a difficult undertaking,
having to ride from scratch and overtake
men 100 yards ahead of him. He failed to
do it, but in the effort brought the mile
i-door record down to 2:12 2-5, covering
the half-mile in 1:04 4-5, making a new
world's indoor record for that distance.
J. C. Williamson captured the first heat
of the mile handicap in 2:10 2-5 from 75
yards. The next beat went to F. L. Day
of the Bay City Wheelmen in 2:15 2-5 from
65 yards. N. Ackerman of the £an Fran
cisco Road Clud, with 65 yards start, won
the third heat in 2:12. B. J. Raynaud of
the Bay Citys took the fourth in 2:17 4-5
from 100 yards. P. R. Mott of the Re
liance carried off all the honors in the
next, winning easily from 50 yards in
2:17 1-5. Leavitt of the Sail Francisco
Road Club fell in this heat, but as usual
escaped without injury. The track lias
been proven perfectly safe, there is hardly
an average of one fail a night, and when a
man does co down he only slides along
the smooth board", gets his pretty
racing suit dirt}', and it is ail over.
P. M. Lefevre, Acme, won the sixth heat
from G5 yards in 2:17 1-5, and the same
time was made by the winner of the sev
enth heat, Russell Gushing of the Garden
City Cyclers, who had 60 yards handicap.
Languetin, Bay City, barely won the eighth
heat, he was so closely pressed by Boyden
of the Reliance Club. His time was 2:18
from 70 yards.
Another Bay City man. A. L. Holling,
took the ninth heat from 90 yards in 2:22.
It was a pretty linish between him and
Langer of the Imperials. Metcalf held Dp
the Imperial honors by winning the next
heat in 2:21 3-5 from 05 yards after a well
contested race. C. M. Smith, Garden City
Cyclers, won the eleventh heat from GO
yards, his time being 2:20 3-5.
Frank W. Byrne, the Imperial crack,
was looked upon as a sure winner of the
twelfth heat, but his chain slipped at the
start and he was obliged to Rive it up. F.
R. Thiel, San Francisco Road Clud, won
the heat in 2:12, with the aid of 95 yards
handicap.
Ed Chapman, Olympic, won the thir
teenth heat quite handily in 2:13 from
eighty yards. Tantau, another Olympic,
who "is very popular with the audiences,
was the virtual scratch man in the next
and last heat, having forty-five yards han
dicap. F. M. Byrne, Imperial, wasallowed
to start in the heat, bcwever, on account
of his unavoidable accident in the twelfth.
He was fifteen yards behind Tantau, but
both soon caught up with the leaders. In
the final spurt for home Tantau had things
all his own way, Byrne being a bad last.
He is evidently very much out of his usual
condition. Tantau's time was2:l(3. Noth
ing could be heard but the Olympic Club
yell when Tantau came in the victor.
Announcer Knapp then stated that there
would be an intermission, during which
the gate prize would be drawn for and the
audience would also be given an oppor
tunity to inspect the various exhibits.
The number winning the eate^ prize, a
high-grade bicycle, was 11,507. The lucky
holder of the ticket was G. D. Clark of this
City.
After the intermission the first of the
four semi-linals ol the one-mile handicap
were run. Those who had qualilied in
their heats were Day, Bay City; Mott, Re
liance, Cushing. Garden City; Ackerman,
San Francisco Road Club, and J. C. Wil
liamson, Santa Rosa. They were soon
bunched and the five men came rushing
for the tape on the last lap, the most who
have been in at tiie finish thus far during
the meet. Ackerman won in 2:21 from 65
yards, Williamson second. Mott made a
good ride, but was too tired at the linish
to sprint.
Oscar Osen tried for the quarter-mile
record between this and the next heat, but
29 4-5 seconds was the best he could do,
which is not as fast as the existing record.
Egan and Jaegling. Imperial Club, then
tried for the indoor tandem reco r d for a
quarter, and covered the distance in 29
seconds flat, another world's record.
In the second sorm-tinal Raynaud, Bay
City, Leievre, Acme, and Metcalf, Impe
rial, contested. Metcalf had things pretty
easy on the last lap, thoueh the others
fought him all the way before that. His
handicap was 65 yards; time 2:27. Ray
naud second.
The third had for starters E. Languetin
of the Bay City, Thiel of the San Fran
cisco Road Club and Chapman of the
Olympic. The latter fell on the last lap,
but immediately jumped to his feet, un
hurt. Languetin won in 2:25 4-s, from 70
yards.
The starters in the fourth were Holiing
of the Bay City, Smith of the Garden City
and Tantau of the Olympic. The latter
made a splendid ride the entire distance
and won as he pleased in 2:lti 3-5 from 45
yards.
Before the final healt of the mile handi
cap was run the ten-mile cup race was
started, the entrants beinsr F. L. Thiel for
the ban Francisco Road Club, C. Blnlsall
for the California Cycling Ciub and \V. T.
Pratt for the Alameda Cyclers. They cov
ered the first mile in 2:41 1-5; two, 5:13;
three, 7:454-5; four, 10:10; five, 12:o4;
six, 15:30 2-5; seven, 18:06; eipht,
20:46 2-5. From this on tne pace
livened perceptibly, nine miles being
reachpd in 23:29 4-5. Then the ride for
home commenced at a terrific gait. Pratt
jumped out on the eighth lap, with Thiel
close up. Pratt did not las: long, however,
and Birdsall came up from behind and
gave battle to Thiel. In a hot finish
Birdsall won out, and there was great joy
among the Californians. It was their first
big winning of the tournament, and their
delight was unbounded. The time for the
ten miles was 25:57 1-5.
Then came the final of the one mile
handicap, those who had qualified in the
semi-final heats being: Ackerman, San
Francisco Road Club, 65 yards; Metcalf,
Imperial, 65; Languetin, Bay City, 70,
and Tantau, Olympic, 45. All went well
until the sixth lap, when Tantau, Langue
tin and Metcaif collided— caused by Met
ftalf, the other t»o said. Ackerman es
caped the mix-un and went on riding,
winning in 2:17. Tantau and Metcalf re
mounted, ttie latter having the best of it
and winning second place. Nobody was
huit. Languetin started in to protest on
a foul, but his clubmates of the Bay City
Wheelmen dissuaded him.
The last event was the five-mile mili
tary, the contestants being riders from the
Presidio picked from the infantry and
cavalry. The riders of the first relay were
named Schurr and Flick. They were not
well matched, and the former gained a
lap on his opponent in the first mile.
Euberts and Barkley rime next, and on
the third Kilty and Fernandiz. JBLnn
and Donnelly rode out the fourth and
Smither and Ziegler the fifth. The men
carried a sealed message sent to General
Graham, commandant at the Presidio.who
wa9 present with his entire staff.
The prizes were a high-^rade bicycle tr>
the side delivering the mess-a^e first and
another prize to the soldier making the
fastest mile. The race was very exciting
up to the finish and the result in doubt
up to the last. B!ann and Donnelly made
the best ride on the fourth relay, covering
the mile in 3:07 ana 3:07 1-5 respectively.
Another close finish resulted on the fifth
between Smither and Ziegler. It was an
interesting race, though the time made
was slow. The fastest, time was 2:48, made
by Kclter on the third relay. The mes
sage was duly handed to General Graham
at the finish, who congratulated the men
on their clever performance.
SI'MMARY :
One mile, handicap— First heat: J. C. Wil
liamson, 75 yards, Santa Rosa.. Time, 2:10 '2-5.
Second heat— F. L. Day, 65, Bay City.2 :ls 2-."i.
Third heat— N. Ackermau, (35, San Francisco
Road Club, 2:12.
Fourth heatr-B. J. Raynaud, 100, Bay City,
2:17 4-5.
Fifth heat— P. R. Mott,sO,;ReliaTice, 2:17 1-5.
Sixth heat— P. M. Lefevre, 65, Acme, 2; 17 1-5.
Seventh heat— R. Cushing, 60, Garden City,
2:17 1-5.
Eighth heat— E. Languetin, 70, Eay City,
2:18.
Ninth heat— A. L.llolling,9o, Bay City, 2:22.
Tenth heat— P. Mctcalf, 05, Imperial,
2:21 3-5.
Eleventh heat— C. M. Smith, 60, Garden
City, 2:203-5.
Twelfth heat— F. R. Thiel, 95, San Francisco
Road Club, 2:12.
Thirteenth heat— Ed Chapman, 80, Olympic,
2:13.
Fourteenth heat— George Tantau, 45, Olym
pic, 2:16.
First sf mi -final— X. Ackerman, 65, San Fran
cisco Road club. Time, 2:21.
Second semi-linal— P. Metcalf, 65, Imperial.
Time, 2 :27.
Third si-mi-fiual— E. Languetin, 70, Bay City.
Time, 2:25 4-5.
Fourth semi-final— George Tantau, 45, Olym
pic. Time, 2:19 8-5.
Final— N. Ackerman, 65, San Francisco Road
Club. Time, 2:17; second, P. Metcalf, 65, Im
perial.
Ten-mile club cup race — P Birrl=all, Califor
nia Cycling Ciub. first, 25:57 1-5; F. L. Thiel,
San Francisco Road Club, second.
This evening one of the races, for which
several of the men have been holding back,
will be run — a half-mile handicap. There are
lots of good men who can cover a half in
good time who cannot last for a full mile,
and this raco will give them a chance to
try conclusions against each other. The
entry list for this race is the larrre3t of any
event during the tournament. There will
also be a mile invitation race from scratch
and the last trial heat of the ten-mile club
race. These three events should make a
long and exceedingly interesting pro
gramme. Griffiths and Tantau will also
run off their ten-mile tie of last Friday
night in a five-mile race for a special prize.
The management has extended the use
of the Pavilion and track to the California
Associated Cycling Cluds for Thursday
evening, and races will be run that even
ing under the association's auspices. En
try blanks will be sent out to-day and lib
eral prizes will be offered. As the associ
ation is composed of the twenty-three
Erincipal cycling clubs of this part of the
tate, and "they will nil enter their best
men, many a hot finish can be looked for,
and the meet will be as interesting as any
evening's entertainment of the present
tournament.
Clifton Coulter, a brother of the well
known racer, C. R. Coulter, arrived here
yesterday from the East. He is said to ue
unite a speedy man himself, and will prob
ably be seen on the track on this coast
later on.
Brazil grows iialf the coffee crop of the
■world.'
NEW TO-DAT.
Mr. John K. Knox, Mechanic at Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo,
Cal., Tells of His Cure by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It Cured
Him After AH Else Had Failed.
THERE are hundreds of people in California suffering daily
tortures and annoyances on account of some Rheumatic af-
fliction. They moan and surfer, and take pills and put plasters
on their backs, and get no relief, and they must eventually do as
• \v>/> \hj Mr. Knox has done— they must
use Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
This Belt is now well known to
maS^^fff^ * y^?^*y^t!|| pleto, the most scientific, the
jw*i^''ii»i Jtyis/. ,jiiTflg?pH nearest perfect Electric Belt
made to-day, but many hesitate
85 *^ about using it owing to skepti-
cism caused by the failure of
other remedies to do good. Mr. Knox was skeptical, but se9
what he says now :
VALLEJO, Cal., January 22, 1896.
DX. SANDEN:— I got your Belt three months ago I had been suffering fot
two years from Sciatica. Had pains in legs and knees. I was not incapacitated from
my work, but it was terribly annoying. I had tried other remedies, of course, but fonnd
nothing of any use till I got the Belt. In six or eight days after applying the Belt tha
pains had left me, and have not come back since, i have continued using the Belt,
and am generally benefited by it. I have twice a 9 good an appetite as before, and
really feel better than I have for twenty years. lam 62 years old.
. JOHN K. KXOX, Vallejo, Cal.
Investigate the claims made for this" famous Electric Belt.
It is a genuine curative article, and justifies the careful inspec-
tion of every man or woman who is sick or needing new energy,
new vitality. Call and see it, or get the little book, "Threo
Classes of Men," free.
JS^SL-ISTIJEIKr EIjECTPIIO CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES -A.T
I.OS ANGELES, CAL. I PORTLAND, OR.
t!O4 South Broadway. .1' 253 Washington street.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
f STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
dli !J If. J
WE SELL ON OUR MERITS.
There is one thing -we wish 10 impress .on tlie
minds of our customers, and thai is that every-
thing we advertise we will guarantee. We have
no fake sales,' but we are so blockaded by the
SprecKels fence that business compels us to offer
unusual reductions. This week we offer for" sale
the tinest Shoes for the money ever offered in thl3
city. They are Ladies' Kxtra Fine I)oncrola Kid
Button, with either cloth or kid tops, needle toes
and patent-leathf r tips, reversed button flies and
flexible soles, and we will sell them for
$2.13.
These Shoes are very stylish, as they are new
goods and made according to the latest fashions,
but we offer them at a sacrifice, for they sell regu-
larly for $3. - ' .
We have just received an invoice of Ladies' Rus-
set Leather Southern Ties, with brown cloth tops,
pointed toes arid tips and hand-turned sole*, which
we will offer for $1 50. They are neat, st'yiish and
good u-eurers. ■.
jfjp Country orders solicited.
j&i- send for Xew Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
It h^s rolled into puofic favor
The largest piece of
GOOD tobacco
0/ersolifor !o cents
DR. PIERCE^ *fe BALI/ASIC
CHAIN BELT
Is the Latest i'atent : contains all Improvements
and is sold at om:-h(ilf tbe price asked for inferior,
but much-advertised electric belts.
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierces belt*
arc simply wonderful, thousands <V cures havinz
been made where physicians and mudicines had
Jailed to Rive relief.
, The strongest possible evidence will be given ta
inquirers as to the eflicacy and superiority of Dr.
Pierces belts.- and a thorough examination anil
comparison of these goods with all others is re-
spectfully invited of all intending purchasers of aa
Klectric Belt. #3" Call or writa for free Paiiph-
iet >To. 2." Address
DUS. PIERCE & SON,
TO-1 Sacramento Street. ':
2d, 3rd and 4th floors. San Francisco, Cal.
IRON BEDS,
lag- ■-. j* BRASS BEDS,
?*""-" y^ FOLDING BEDS*
r Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Keclining
Chairs, , Wheel Chairg, '
' * "t+ "H Commodes, Back Rests
L ftfTttTif "W- A. SCHROCK,
■iiHJll — 2:L —
'-**! k, i _. T~~ t *J ' ' Yd » >"ew Montgomery
4 L>- 1 J St., under Grana
J^ *^ Hotel, S. F.
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Curea Kheumatism, Neuralgia, Bruises>
Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swellings.
IT STOPS AI.I. PAIX.
ALL BRUGGIST3 SELL IT.
5O CKXTS AND »1 A BOTTLE.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMI A BITTKRS, THM
great Mexican Remedy; gives Healtb maA
Strength to the Sexual organs.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lirm< r.
Hay an. l I-Vedstiiff sas before.
OOkMed Keans higher.
Alfalfa seed advanced.
Wheat futures active and highe*
T'arley quiet.
Butter itnd Eggs lower.
Vegetables about the same,
Tntatoes firmer. Onions weak.
Poultry nominal.
Fruits unchanged.
Hiilesanrt Provisions dull.
explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
■t station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, If any, tbe amount of .
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundred ths. I
during th<> past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid '
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso- j
therms, or (totted lines, equal temperature. The t
word •high" means nigh barometric pressure and i
Is usual] v ureompanied by fair weather; "low" j
r< 'is to low pressure, and is usually preceded and !
ao ompanied by cloudy weather and rains. ■•Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
\Wen*the pressure is high in the interior and low :
•long the coast, and the isobars extend north and
Bo;itn along the coast, rain is probable: but when
the -low" is inc:osed with isobars of marked curva
tvr 1 rain south of Oregon is improbable. With -.
"hich" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
ftu opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Depasthkxt of agricci.tcrk,
WKATHXB Bikkai-, San Francisco, March 9,
1896, 5 p. v.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compare. l with those of the same date last sea
son: Knreka 32.01. last season 32.33: Red Bluff
14. 53. last season 25.13: San Francisco 13.89, last
season "21.97: Fresno 4.93, last season 11.3-'; San
Luis Obispo 14.61. last season 22.46: Los Angeles
7.82, last season 11. 68: San IMeso 4.44. last season
10 2:-(; Yuma. .88, last season 3.01.
'1 !,>■ following an* the maximum temperatures
reported from stations in California to-day : Eureka
5-J. tied Blurt' 66. San Francisco 66, Fresno 64,
Independence . rSa.ii l.vis Übispo 72, Los Angeles
70. ~-an f>iepo 62, Yuma 76.
in Francisco dote: Maximum temper»ture 66,
minimum 48. mean 57. Rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours. .
An ana of high pressure overlies Washington,
Oregon and Idaho to-niglit and the weather is clear
over the entire country west of the Rocky Moun
tains. At only one station has rain fallen duriug
the past twelve hours. The temperature has risen
slowly over all the Pacific Slope and will probably
continue to rise slowly iuesday and Tuesday
night.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco tor thirty hours
ending midnight. March 10. 1896:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; light north
erly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light north
erly winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday; warmer in the southern
portion.
I'tah— Fair Tuesday; warmer.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday; warmer in the eastern
portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday: light
northerly winds. Aleiaxdeb G. JlcAdie,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial..
. NEW YORK. N. V.. March 9.— American To
bacco was again the feature of trading al the Stock
Exchange. The s ock ranped between 71%@73%
and closed at 72% against 73% on Saturday on
the usual stories about Tobacco, Including the one
. without the passage of dividends and the cutting
into the revenues of th company through the
operations of Its Western rivals. Cotton Oil was a
particularly weak spot and dropped 2@2i4 per
cen:, the common falling to 13 and the preferr^a
to 58. s=ugar fell % to 116V 8 . and later rose to
1161,8 on the declaratior of the regular dividends.
The arly decline was i.ui> to selling by Washing
ton houses. General Electric was in demand
throughout and rose from $34 25 to $35 12V->-
The rise in the stock was due to the recent decision
in favor of the company in the matter of the trol
ley patents. p*
In the railway list Baltimore and Ohio was the
Bpecial card and jumped from $14 87Y* to
$17 Hiy* on covering short contracts. The stock
is heavily oversold and an> further demonstration
on the part of the operators bullishly inclined
would lead to still higher figures.
The trunk lines, Grangers, anthracite coalers,
Missouri Pacific and Louisville and Nashville were
quiet throughout and the chan2es continued in the
fractions. Pacific Mail dropped irom 26 to 24Vi
on reporcs that the company's steamer ity of Bio
de Janeiro, which left San Francisco on February
6 for Yokohama, was two weeks overdue. Later
there was a rally in the stock. The market closed
firm In toiie. Net changes showed advances of 1%
(a.: J . per cent. Tobacco lost % and Manhattan j.
per cent. The total sales were 193,174 shares. ■
Bonds were tlrm. sales footed up $1,174,000.
Cleveland, < Incinnati, Chicago and St. Ijouls gen
ernl fours rose iy 2 to 87y 2^ Nor;hern Pacific
tnirds, iy 8 to 82: do consolidated fives. %to
4614: do certitieates, %to 36y 8 : Ohio and Mis<i3-
Bippi. division sevens, IVi tolOlVi,
an : Baltimore and Ohio consolidated fives, 3U» to
96. In Government bonds $70,000 coupon fours
of 1925 brought 117^1171/i: $5600 registered
fours, 115i/4@1153/ 8 .
Grain.
KLOT'R— DuII, steady. Winter wheat, low grades,
S2 50^.3; do fair to fancy. %'l 85(6,3 90: do patents,
f:-t 9U©4 15: Minnesota clear, $2 70@3£0; Minne-
BOta straits, C3@U ott: Minnesota p«tents, $3 35{d)
4 30; low extras, $2 s()'a3: «-:ty mills, $4 15@4 25:
city mills patents, Si 30<&4 45; rye - mixture,
?2 50'ai. 30; snperflne, $2 10(g,2 70; tine, $2(g,2 55.
boutnern flour— Dull. stead v; common to fair ex
tra, $2 40(g.3; good to choice, 53(33 30. Rye flour—
Quiet, steady at $2 60ra,2 85.
B UCK AT— 4o@4lc.
COltNMEAL— Quiet, steady; yellow Western,
$2 20@f2 '2b: Braadywlne, $2 20.
RYE— State, 49c delivered; Western, 48y C.
BAKJuEY— Ungraded Western. 43(g,48c.
BA K LEY MALl— Firm. Western, 55(d.58c
WHEAT— DuII, tirmi-r. No. a rev, store and ele
vator, 80@80Vic; afloat. KlWa,Bl3 c: f. o. b., 81®
fcL'iic; ungraded red. 70@8Hc; >"o. 1 Northern, 75c.
Options moderately active ar.ti firm at s/ 8 ad-
VitncH, «o!ltnving the West and flrmer cables, with
local covering and a decrease on passage: May and
July most active. No. 2 red, March. 74c: April,
7434 c; May, 72y 8 c; June and July. 713.4 c.
Stocks of urain in store and afloat ' March 7:
Wheat, 3.105,222; corn, 131,910: oats, 1,637,395;
rye, 9290; barley, 199,052; malt, 50,725; peas,
'I'-l bustiels.
CORN— Easy, linn, dull. No. 2, 395/ elevator;
40% c afloat.
■ Options du'.l and firm at y ß c advance on higher
West and local covering: May and July only
traded in. March, 37y c; May. 36y c; July. 37c.
OATS— DuII, steady. .
.Options steady, dull; March. 25V 2 c; May,
255/ g Spot prices: No. 2, 2tsc: No. 2 white,
U7y 2 c: No. 2 Chicago, 27c: No. 3, 25c; No. a
watte, 2tJ-Vsc: niixea Western, 26@27c; white
Btate and Western, 27@29c.
FEED-Bran. 60®62VUc .-
MIDDLINGS- 68870C
KYE-Feed,62y 2 g65c.
Provisions.
BEEF— Steady;, family, *1O@12; eitra mess
fT Bo@B. Beef hams dull. $14 r>o@ls: tierced
beef, quiet: city extra India mess, $15 50@16 60;
cut meats, easy; pickled bellies, 4%c; do
isionlder*, 4%c; hams, 1 •>■! B*AC.
LAKD— Quiet, Bnn. Western steam. C 5 55;
city. $5; May, S5 72 l Keflned, dul : continent,
|B 95: Sou! h American. *o 16; compound. 4"/ c
POBK— (iuiet, firm. Mess, $10@10 50.
BUTTKB— Fancy firm: fair demand: State
dairy, 10(g.20r: do creamery held. 13@18c: Western
freamiry. Il(£t2'Jc: do held, 13018 c: do factory,
B@il3c: Elglns. 2li/3@22c: Imitation creamery,
1 1 : g@l6e; rolls. 6Ca.Bi /2 c. .
Cj.KESK— Steady: fair demand. State, large,
B<&6Vic; do fancy, 10V c: do small. 6@1034c;
pint skims. B*4@7c: full skims iy 2 @6c.
i. c,(,<-- Fairly active, steady, siate and Perm-
Ivlvania, 12@14c; Soutrern. 10i4@llVic: ice
fcouse. case. 9'2(a2 70: Western, fresh, 11 y ©
H%c; dnck, 25@-'Be. :
T.\ 1.1.0u— -te.Kiy: fair demand. City, 3 11-16 c; I
tonntry. 3 4@3%c.' •
COTTONSfSED OlL— Quiet, stt-adv: crude. 21c: j
rtilow prime, 25ViCS'-sy2c:eio off grade. 25c.
P.KSIN — Quiet, sU!ad^ ; birained common to good !
flTOffii 76. .
TUlilTiNTlNE— Quiet, steady; 29yi@29yoc.
POTATOES— Steady; moderate demand ; sweet,
fl M'Si. 70. ■
RlCE— Fairly active: firm; domestic, fair to ex
tr MO^ll^^ /a"r 33,i@4c. choice firm; New
MOLA6sES-Fair dlmand : choice firm; New
Orleans open kettle, good to choice, 2 , @37c. -
COFFEE-Steady: 10 to 35 points i up: March.
#13* April, $12 May, $12 45^12 »0: June,
•12 15@12 20- July. $11 8»(0(ll 95: September.
*11 15@11 25; December. $10 85^10 96. fepot
Rio, lirnier, quiet: No. 7. 135/ @l33 /4 c.
SUGAR-Raw, firm; fair reflniriff, 334 c; cen
trifugal 96 test, 4y B e. Retlned. quiet; .No 6, 4»/B.c:
No. 7. 5 l-16c: No. 8, 4^c; No. 9. 4 3-16 c:. No.
10 4V«c- No. 11. 4 l-16c; No. 12,4 c; No. 13,
3 16-16c:'off A,4 7-16@4 11-16 c; mold A, si/ c;
standard A. sc; confectioners' A,4%e: cutloaf and
crushed, 65^c; powdered and cubes, sVic; granu
lated, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Almonds, soft-shell.
7y«(£Bc; do paper-shell, ll@l2c.
APRICOTS— Bags. 9'-;@l-'c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 13^®15c; nnpeeled, 4Va@
7c.
PRt'NEfcv- Four sizes, bags, 51/4 C
RAISINS — Clusters, $1 25@1 40; do London
layers, 85@95c; ao loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
3.V«c; do 3-crown. 3»A@3Vic: do 4-crown. 4V..@5c.
WALNUTS— Standard, 6y 2 @7c; do soft-shell,
lfuPS-^-Quiet: State, common to choice, 2%
ji u ps— Quift: State, common to choice, l*fa
I <£8c: Pacific Coast. 2y 2 @Bc. London market un-
C WOTL-Hrm: domestic fleece, l«@22c; pulled,
15@33c: Texas, P@l3.
, Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Qnlet: $11 750*1 50.
COPPER-Dull: Lake. 811 10@ll 12V 8
LEAD— Easy: Domestic, $3 15. •".
TIN-Easp; straits,sl3 25; plates, quiet.
SPELTEK-Quiet: domestic, S4 10@4 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lll., 'March 9. — The Board of
Traae figures on the world's shipments of wheat
for last week over 9,000,000 bushels dumfounded
the bulls this morning, and was a very persuasive
argument in favor of selling. Starting out the
market was quite steady, firm Liverpool cables be
ing regarded as encouraging, considering the de
cline on this side Saturday, but when the supplies
shipped by exporting" countries became known all
the better feeling disappeared, prices dropping
lower, with demand lack ing entirely in energy or
confidence. Northwestern receipts were i;ood at
41 cars, against 509 last Monday and 423 ft year
ago. Chicago receipts were 73 cars and 173,00 l
busnels were withdrawn from store. It was claimed
later iv the session ttiat the report of shipments
mentioned above wr.s an error, the marKet steady
ing on the belief. The American visible supply
decreased 1.493.0C0 bushels and the amount on
ocean passace 80.000 bushels. The English visible
supply decreased 774,000 ousbels. Closing Conti
nental cables were irrecular. Export clearances
were fair at 321,785 bushels. May wheat opened
iromtis3/ s c to 65y4®65^ B<'8 <'- sold between b4y 8 ®
65i. 2 , closing at 653/ s @tj6y 3 c, l* c higher than
Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow I/O
CORN— receipts of corn hold up well. 694
cars coming in to-day. and the prospects are bright
for a still heavier movement. The effect com
! nmnica-.ed by this was in line with that caused by
I weakness in wheat, so that the tone was generally
' easy no important decline taking place, however.
I Withdrawals from store were 143,000 bushels. Liv-
I erpool cables were quiet and steady. Export clear
; ances were -J56,97^ bushels. The visible supply
! increased 1.014.0C0 bushels and the amount on
ocean passage increased 160.000 bushels. May
corn opened at 30y c, sold between 30@30Vic,
! closing at the outside, VsOVic higher than Satur
day. Estimated receipts tor to-morrow 500 cars.
OATS— Were extremely dull. At the opening
there wasj»bsolutely no trading and quite a while
elapsed before the first quotations were estab
lished. The tone was decided by sympathy with
wheat and corn. Receipts were 298 cars. There
were no withdrawals from store. The visible sup
ply increased *2'J701)0 bushels. May oats closed a
shade higher. Estimated recipts for to-morrow
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 89@89y 2 c; May,
901 Receipts 60 cars.
PROVISIONS— The feeling In product was firm,
but there was hardly enough business to keep ■
alive the semblance of activity. The hog market !
was firm, which fact afforded provisions assist- ;
ance. May pork closed 15c to 17y c higher, May
lard 5c higher and May ribs 7y c higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT — March, 63% c; May, 65s/ 8 @65y 2 c;
July, 65?ic.
CORN-March. 285 8 May, 30y±c; July. 3H/ c;
September, 323/ B e.
OATS-May,2o%@2lc; July,2iy c; September, ]
211 B r
PORK-May, $9 82 y 2 : July. $10 02 V«.
LARD-May, S5 45; July, $5 57Vz-
RIBS— May. $5 25 ; July, $5 35.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., March 9.— There
was a liberal run of cattle to-day and, although
there was a fair demand, prices ruled 10c lower.
There was a sharp inquiry for hogs, and as the sup
ply was not heavj- the feeling was strong. The re
ceipts of sheep were moderate. Under a good de
mand prices were steady.
CATTLE— Receipts. 19,000. Fancy beeves, S4 50
(24 60; choice to prime, 1300 to 1750 pound steers.
$•» 15«5)4 45: good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600
pounds. * 3 86@4 10; medium steers. 1 150 to 1300
pounds $3 60@3 Hi): common steers, 950 to 1200
pounds $3 '25(a.3 60: feeders. 900 to 1200 pounds,
S3 40(*3 75; stockers, 600 to 900 pounds, $2 7Sfd)
3 40; bulls, choice to extra, S3@3 50; do, poor to
trood, $L'(a>2 90; cows and heifers, extra, $3 50@
3 75- cows, fair to choic, $2 50@3 40; cows, poor
to good canners. $1 50<&2 45: veal calves, good to
choice, $5 25@6 25; calves, common to cood,
S' 75@5; Texas fed steers, $3fa 4 10: Texas bulls,
oxen and cows. S2 36@3 25; milkers and spring
ers, per head. ?20@40.
HOGS— Receipts, 28.000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. S3 95@4 10: common to choice
mixed, S3 90(34 10: choice assorted. S4 iO@
4 15; light, S3 90@4 17y : nigs.' S3 50®4.
SHEEP— Receipts, 17,000. Inferior to cholc*,
$2 tiO@3 65; lambs, S3 50ai 65.
>'EW V'OKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Bloney and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at 3@2Ya-{: last
loan at 3%, and closing offered at 37. I'ru.ie. mer
cantile paper, 5@5y %. Bar silver, 68V2C Mexican
dollars 64Vife 56 V3 c - Sterling exclmnce Is firm,
with ncrual r,us<ness in banters' M!ls a: $4 >7@
4 87V.1 for 60 aays and #4 88@4 88V4 for demand.
Postea rat-«. S4 87y 2 @4 89. Commercial bills.
%i 85Si@4 86%. Government bonds steady; state
bonds dull; railroad bonds firm. Silver at the
board was quiet.
ltC»tN« STOCKS.
Am Tel Cable.... 91 .Norfolk; <fe Wes'... lVa
I'xh'sonT. laV* Preferred 6y
Preterrea ... 253,4 Northern Paciflo.. 4
Adams n.xpresV..l47 Preferred..., ■17 .
Alton,rerreUaut&. 56 Nortnwestern. 10^ 5 /8
American Express.lll ; Preferred I*">
can Tobacco. 727s N. Y. Central 97y
Preferrea 100 N . Y. Chicago&ai, X'-'y,
BayKtateOas J7 preferred 70
lialtimore a Ohio.. 17^2 2d Dreferred. 2M Va
l.runswicK I^nds.. j*v N.Y.&NewEn B . 40 ,■
Buffalo. Koch &P. I* !.V Y. dt New tns. 40
CaniMia Paclttc... 6o . |N. V Susq* W... »*&
t.nada Southern.. 50 Preferred _ 27
ranton Land .... 60% Ontario. 13
Cemr^Paclflc.;.. I 5 i(Jntarlo<fc Western. 14%
Ches-A0hi0....... Oregon Improvmt 2
chicaso Alton 155 ; Preferred. —
Prererreo ...170 Oregon Navlgatloa 12y a
Chicairo. JJ.&Q.... v 7 Oreeon Short Line. 5
lL;ca|o & Si... 43 Pacific Mau 23%
Preferred ...... HV * I'eona. D.& Evans. 2V
Chlcigouas'. titii/ Plttsburg & W pfd 20
Clevedt PatsbuVg.ieO Pullman Palace...
Consolidation Coal. 7y a Quicksilver iy
Consolidated Ga5. .154 1 Preferred. 15V 2
C C. C. su Louis. 35 3 /i'Reaaing lis^
Preferreu ' . 88 / 2 RioGrande l^V*
Colo. Fuel' A iron.. i>O \ Preferred 44
Preferred .... ' Rock 151 ana ....... 7!V«
Cotton Oil Cert.... 15 jKomeWat «6OgdenHsV a
Commercial Cable. lb» ,bu L.<t s. W 4%'
Del. Hudson 126 | Preferred 1154
Del LackAWe*ternl«i^2 Bt.Paui ,77y
Denver <JtR.G 1- : Preferred. 1 '- 9V*
Preterrea... .iSVs St. Paul Dulntb. .• 6
Dlstmers I".". 1 y Preferred.... 89
General Klectrlc... 35 bt. Paul A Omah*_ 4o
r i e .... 16 ! Preferred.. 121
Preferred'"'."!... »3% •"!- p - Al-A M 109
Fort Wayne 162 Silver Cettincat-s. 68"'s
GreatNorthernDfa.loß Ifcouthern Pacific... 19V*
GrrenJiay .ft fcontnern K. X Wa
Harlem 29.8 , Preferred 3O'/4
Hocklnjr Coal.. .. „% fauear Rerinery.,.,l
Hocking Valley... l^'/2 Preferred. 100%
Homestaite 30 jTenn. Coal Iron. X«
H. Jt Texas Cent.. *V 4" Preferrrd 100
Illinois Central.... 8» exas Pacific «i,4
lowa Central 8y Tol.A.A.&N.auca.-
Preferred. . ... 01. Ohio Cen.... :0
Kansas <fi Texas. _ 11% Preferrea..... 65
Preferred. ... 23s /g loI.Ht. AK.QL 4
Kingston* Pern... 3. i Preferred......... 10
.Lake Ene <Ss Westn 19i^ Union Pacific ..... V 34
Preferred 7li/ L. P.. Den. A Uult 4>/4
Laite Kh0re. ....... 147 1 1! .S. Cordage....... 6V*
National Lead t3 Preferred loy
Preferred 85'</i Guaranteed.....— .2i>y 8
Lone Islana 81 U. S. Exnre.ss 42
Louisville A Nash. 63 l.B.Le»th«r — 9y 8
.Louisville Na&Cn. 9'/i Preferred 61
Preferred 2» ( U. S. Kuctbor - 2f>i,4
llanhattanConsoi.lO'yt! Preferred .....84
em is A Charts. IS |l!tlca«fcli. River.. ls 1
Mexican Central. 1 ly ; Wab. aL. A Pac.. ti%
Michigan Central.. 95 j Preferred......... 18 •
Ulnn L, ....... — Wells-Farg0.. .;.... «6
• Preferred.........— Western Union.... 84%
»llnn. A st. Lcoin. 19 W Central 3V a
Istpreferred 79 Wheeling <X L. X.. ll
2d preferred...... 4 9 Preferred.. .'. 37
Missouri Pactfio.... 24y 2 Am Cotton OH pfd. 6Hy
Mobile A Ohio 2 *y a W V Beef ' 9
Nashville Chatt.... f 8 Ann Arbor 10
National Linseed.. 16 | Preferred......... 25
K. J. lenrai ...106V4 Brooklynß Transit 2»iA
North American... 5Vi» . ■
t T «•• IN ' Bn.s-Dfl.
C 6 4».rPB IUSI/4 ii KT2ds .. RO
Do, 4s coupon. ..llo. Do, 45.;... ........ 86y
V 6 45newreg.....117y 8 Mntual Union 85... 115
Do, 4s coupon. .. 11 ' N J Cent Gen 65... 1 1 I .*
Do. 25............ 95 Northeru Pac lsts.ll7 .
Do, 6s ........ H-' 3 /i Do. 2ds ...... 112%
Do. bs coupon.... 11>3/. Do, SCs .......... 82
Cherokee 4s. 1898. 100 ' Nonnwest Consols. 1 38 i /a
Do. 1897...:.....: 100 lio.deb 55........ 110
Do. 1898^........ 100 OR AN 15t8......11iy*
Do. 1899.... 100: i 6iLAlronMtQenss 79y a
Pacific 6s 0f '96....— 1 Xt h A BF o«n 6s. l'"7
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 1 fct Paul Consols ... 128
▲la Class A' 4 108 it-t. P. C. APa lsts.ll7
Do. Class B 4, ss. 1 08 Do, Pac Call sts.. 110
La Consoles .... 98 , 'Southern R. R. Os. 92
lilßSGurl fundlne..— ' Texas Paclßc firsts 89 V4
N Carolina 65.. 1'J2 Texas Pacseconas. a3V«
Do, 45...... ...... 103 fnlonPaolstof9B.lo2y a
Fo Carolina 4y.5... 1 West Shore 45...;. 105 7/ 8
Term new »5. ...... S5V 8 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 66V*
Va funOlng debt... 81Vi X GranaeWest lsu " 76y
Do, reg... .....; Ches O 65...... 108
Do. deferred 65... 6V4 Atchlson 45........ 78
_ Do. trust rcpts st 8 , Do. 2ds A. ....... 28
c«fiaa»Boutu2aa..ioi JQ 11 8 C 5...... 105
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896,
Cen Pac lsuot '85 100 Do. 2d 7s ....... 103
Den R G Ist... 113 H&Tex Centß«..llO
Do. 48............ 89 Do, con 6a. ....... 106
Erie 2d5.. .......... 73 Reading 4s . 771&
Kai.biw Pa Consols 7:<V4 Miasourl b«. ....... 100
Kg i'u lsts Jjen divl 09
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Enq., March 9.-The spot maricet
is quiet at 6s Bd. Cargoes dull at 28s 4Vid arrived.
I'DTURES. •
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
6s 68, id; April, fs 7d; May. 5s 7V4d; June, 6s
7i4d; July, ss7Vid.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eno., March 9.— Consols, 109 3j16;
silver, 3is/ French Rentes, ll)2f 67c.
EXCHAKGE AND BULLION.
aterling Exchange, 60 days — f 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 88Vi
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic — Par
Fine Silver, H ounce ....... — 68Vi
MexicaD Dollars ......... ..... 65Vi 56
«
PEODUOE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OIHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Business is limited and spot |prices
are more or less nominal... Futures, however, are
livelier and higher. No. 1, $1 10: choice, $1 HVi
@lU2Vfe; lower grades, $l@108%: extra choice
lor milling, $1 20@l 25 ctl.
CALL BOARD BALKS. -':..' ,
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock— May— loo tons.
$1 liy 8 : i «0, $1 l)s/ 8 . December— lOO, $1 lOVa:
100, $1 IOV4; 100, $1 10i/ ; 200, $1 10; 100,
$1 09^4; 100, $1 095/ 8 ; 600, *1 09y a .
Regular Mobkino Session— December— loo
tons, *1 103/ ; 100, $110V2: 400, 5 1 10&g: 200,
SI 108/ i; 300, SI 11; 600, *1 10%. Mav— 2oo,
$1 12: 200. $1 12y 2 ; 600. $1 12%; 100, $1 12y 8 ;
400, SI 126/ 8 . Seller '96, storage paid — 100,
SI 073 ' ■ ,
Afternoon Skssion — December — 300 tons,
$1 11; 700, $1 10y . May— loo. Si 12y 8 300,
$1 123/ x: 200, $1 12.v 8 ; 100, SI 12y .
BARLEY— No change to report. Feed. 67y 2 @
70c $i ctl; choice. 7l V4@72y 2 c. Brewing, 76@82y c
CALX BOABD SALKS.
Infobhal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Kkuular Mornino Session— May— loo tons,
705/ c: 100, 703ic; 100, 71c: 100, 7iy
Afternoon Skshion — December— 2oo tons,
733,4 c; -00. 72y c. May— loo, 7iy 8 c; 300, 71Vic
■ OaTS — QuotatiOD.i show no further change.
Milling, 75@80c f» ctl; fancy Feed, 80@82y 2 c ¥
ctl: eood to choice, 72y 2 @77^c; common 10 fai-r,
66(g,70c; Gray, 70(a75c; Ked, lor seed, 85@S1 05;
Black 65c@?l 10: Surprise, 90@95c.
CORN— Previous prices rule. Large Yellow, 87V a
@90c; Small Round do, 97y c@Sl; White. 80@85c
%» ctl.
RYE- 80@82y c ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— B6@9!>C?* Ctl.
ILOrR AND MIL.L.STUFFS.
FLOUR— cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, S3 90@4 1?. bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 80@
3 90: superfine, $'J 75@2 85 '$ bbl.
CORNMKAL, ETC. —Feed Lorn, 520@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 f. ton.
MILLSTUFKS— Prices in 10-lb sacks areas fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
I 2s 4 c; Rye Flour, 3i c: Klce Flour, 7i/ a c; Corn
-1 meal, 2Si@3c; extra cream do, SVic: Oatmeal, |
I 33ic: Oat Groats, 41/2 C; Hominy, 4ra>4y c; Buck
i wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y s c; Farina,
| 4V2C; whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Rolled oats, 4V»jC;
; Pearl Barley, 4V 2 c; Split Peas, 4-^c; Green do,
1 5 Vie * lb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 50@12 ~f, ton.
MIDDLINGS-$16@17 . f> ton for lower grades
and $17 50@18 50 f, ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 9 ton ;
1 Oilcake Meal at the- mill. *21 ft ton: jobbing,
$2150; Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
HAY— Wheat Is quotable at $K@ll 50 '$, ton;
■ Oat, $Bi&9 f* ton; Wheut and Oat, $B@ll f*. ton:
! Barley, $7(a>9: Alfalfa. S7@9: Clover, $6@B 50;
'• Compressed. $7(eelO 50: Stock, $6@7 '<$ ton.
STKA W— 3s@"6oc '£, bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BKANS— Colored are quoted higher. No change
in Wnlte. Bayos, $1 10@l 'JO: Small Whites, SI 25
j @1 40 $ ctl; Pea, SI 40@l 50 $ ctl; Large Whites,
! ,fl 10@l 16; Pink, 90c@$l 20; Keds. $1 65@1 90;
1 Blackeye, nominal ; Keel Kidney, nominal; Limas,
$2 25@2 55: Butlers, $ 1 40@l 50 "® ctl.
SKF.DS— Aliaifa is held considerably higher.
Brown Mustard, $1 95@2 05 ft ctl; Trieste,
S2(£2 20 » ctl; Yellow Mustard, sl 40@l 60; Flax,
$1 70' a.l 75 : Canary. 3Vi@3y 3 c f» lb; Alfalfa, 8(g)
9c » lb: Rape. l»i@2c t? tt>; Hemp. 4c %t Ib.
DRIED PEAS-$1 'Js(a,l 40 $ ell for Niles and
! $1 25@1 45 tor Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The market is firmer and several
i descriptions are higher. New Potatoes, 2@2Vfcc *
Ib: Stockton Sweets, SI 50@l 76; Merced Sweets,
$2@2 25; Salinas Burbanks, 75@90 fl ctl: River
' Huri>anks. 30@40c "$ sack: Oregon Burbanks, 50®
70c: Orecon Garnet Chiles." 70@85c; River fleds,
50@60c %* ctl; Early P.ose, 40@50c; Petalumas and
■ Tomales, 40@50c.
ONIONS— Good to choice. 80@60c 1£ ctl; Cut
Onions. 25@40c; Oregon, 75@85c^ ctL
A'EGETABLES — Arrivals were 289 boxes
Asparagus and 292 boxes Rhubarb and 290 sacits
Peas.
I'eas are In heavy simply and lower.
Egg Plant, B<&l2yjc »* tt>; Mexican Tomatoes,
$1 50(§»l 75 ¥1 box; Cucumbers, 50c@$l 50 doz;
I Asparagus, 6@9c %» lb for ordinary and 10@12y a c
' for exira: Rhubarb, 60i@?l f* box; Mushrooms,
! 16@25c * lb: Dried Peppers, 10@l2y a e; Green
Peppers, "$> lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25®
175 f> box: Green Peas, 2@4c lbfor Los Angeles
and 3y (4>6c t* Ib for Bay f String Beans, 10@15c:
Dried Okra, 12% c : Cabbage. 40@50c^ctl; Garlic,
4@sc lb; Marrowfat Squash, $40 ton. '
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Prices are lower again and the mar
ket is very weak.
Creamery— Fancy, 18®19c, with tpecials at
20c; seconds, 17@17y»c t> lb.
Daiey— Fancy, 16@16y 3 c 1& Jb; good to choice,
14@15c; lower privies, 13(^14c.
Eamtkrn— Nominal.
CHEESE— No farther decline. Fancy mild new,
ll@l2c fl lb: common to good, 9@loc |4 lb: Cream
Cheddar, 12@12iAc: Young America, ll@12c;
Western, 12fg»i - Ji,2 c Eastern, 13@14c.
EGGS— Quotations lost another half cent yester
day. Store Eggs, 10@10J£c; ranch Eggs, ll@l2c
%} dozen. • ' ■ -
POULTRY AND GAME. .
POULTRY— Was nominal yesterday, receipts
being Insignificant.
Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gobblers and 14@15c
fl tt> for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 17@18c; Geese, |»
pair, SI 50@l 75; Ducks, S5 50@6 50 for old and
$7(g,7 50 for young; ilens, S4@6 60: Roosters,
! young. $7rg.7 50: do, old. t'.i 60@4: Fryers. $6@
I 6 50; Broilers, $5@6 for large and $4(*4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $2 75@3 * dozen for young and
82@2 25 for Ola. ■
GAME— Hare, SI; Rabbits, SI 25@1 50 for Cot-
I tontalls and 81 %t dozen for small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 ?* box for good to choice, 50
<&Hsc for common to fair, and $1 50@2 for fancy.
CITRI'S FRVITS — Oranges are quotable at
76c@?l 25 "# box for Seedlings: *1 50@2 75 '^
box for Navels and $2 25Q.2 60 for Malta Bloods:
frozen stock goes down to nothing; Leruons, $1®
1 50 for common and «2@2 50 for good to choice ;
Mexican Limes, $4 50@5; California Limes. 75c
« box : Bananas, f 1 25®2 60 "$ bunch; Pineapples,
f 2@5 tA dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DHIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: v
Cabload Lots— Apples, 2i/a@3c '& 1b for quar
tered, 3@3i/ c •$' tb for sliced and 4V*c lb for
eva}.-orated : Reaches, 3i^<gi4c ■$ 1b and 5 2 @6c for
fariqy; peeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7y 2 @$V2C
for oilrae to choice. 9V c for ■ fancy ; and iO@llc
%* tb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, | black. 2V c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4(g;sc in sacks: Pears. 7c $
lb for evaporated halves, 4@t>V«c "# lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3%®4c; Plums, 4c $ tb for pitted and
] 1 -(dJV2 (1 t"f unpltted; Nectarines, 6@6c "$ for
prime to choice and 6y c for fancy. .
Jobbing I'kk.ks— Apples. 4@4y 2 c; Peaches, 3®
4c and 6c for fancy; peeled in boxes, 10@12y c;
Prunes, 4c tor the four sizes, 6c "<?. lb for 40@5o's
and 5c tor 60@60's: Apricots, 6@9Wjc for prime to
choic», 10@llc for fancy Moornark; : Figs, black,
2i,4@2%c: White Figs. S@sc : J'ears. 6y c for
evaporated halves and 3@sVic for quarters;
Plun>s. 3y 2 @4c for pitted and ■ ]<$iy 2 c for unpit
ted; Nectarines. 4@sc ~& tb for prime to choice.
KAISINS AND DBIED GKAPES— Prices are
us follows, carload lots, f. o. b. . Sau Francisco:
London layers, 85<&90c '$ box: four-crown, loose,
33,; c a lb; three-crown, loose, 214 c H-lb; two
crown, 2c: seedless Sultanas. 33 @4c: seedless
Muscatels. 2y»@23 / 4c; three-crown London layers.
70c; clusters, $1 36@1 60; Dehesa clusters, «2 10
@2 25: Imperial clusters, f260@275; Dried
Grap es, 2y a c ?' lb. . . ' „.
Jobbino Prices — Four-crown : loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2i4@2y 2 c: 2-crown, 1%®2c # Seedless Sul
tanns, 3%@4e; Heedless Muscatels, 2 Vic; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@*l : clusters, 81 40@l 60 ;
Pehisa clu:ters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, 2y 2 c. .:.:-'
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc ?l lb; Walnuts, 7@Bc
& lb for No. 1 hard and 9@9y 2 forsoftshell, jobblnz
lots; Almonds, 6@7y a c tor Languedoc and By @
10c for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, : 6@6c for
Eastern and '. 3y a <a4y a c for California: Hickory
Nuts.s(&6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8* for pol
ished; F lberts. B@i9c; Braill Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc*lb;
Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 $ 100.
HONEY— is quotable at 10@12c lb for
I bright and B@9c f> lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6@5y 3 c "& tb: light amber ex
tracted, 4i/i@4%c:dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BKKSWAX-24(527c jS tt>. ,
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6V3C for heavy, 7*/ 2 c V
Tb for light medium, 9y 2 c f« lb for light, IOV3C for
extra light and 12V-C for sugar-cured; Eastern
Su car-cured Hams, ]"iy @l2c; California Hams.
< loy 2 <a.llc: ■; Me«=s Keef, $8 "$ bbl: i extra mess : do,
$8 50; faniil" do. $10; extra prime Pork, $9 ?> bbl:
extra clear, SlO IS bbl: mess, $14 s* bbl; Smoked
! Beef. 10@10y a c '?■ lb. ":■-■. ■ ■
LARD-l£astern, tierces, is quotable at 6y 2 c H
lb for compound and 8c for pure; palls, 8y 2 c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6^ a c for pure;
half-bbls, 6%c: 10-Ib tins, 7y c; do 6-tb, 7%cs lb.
cottol£N: J3-7yiC in tierces and 8c $ tb la 10
--fttUu. 1
HIDEs, TALLOW, "WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c:
culls and brands, 6c lb ; medium. 6c; culls and
brands, sc; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c ; Cow
hides, 6@By 2 c; culls and brands, 4(§4i/2c; salted
Kip. sc*lb; salted Calf, 8c « tt>: salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands, 7@7i.-2c;
dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls. 6Vi@7c; dry Calf.
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?0(§.35c each: Kids. sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(8>30c; medium, 16@
25c; winter, 10c: sheepskins, shearlings, 10(^
16c each; short wool, 2O@3sceach; medium, 40
(ai6oc each; long wool, 66c each. Culls of all kinds
about y 2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3y 2 @4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined, si/jj@ss, 4 c; Grease. 2i/oc %*lb.
WOOL— We qiiote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 9<ailc tH Ib; San Joaquin and Southern, 3@
6c; Nevada. 9c "f, tb.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2y a @sc $ lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
?4 12y 2 @4 25; San Quentin. $4 20; Wool Bags,
24ia.26c.
COAL— Wellington Is quotable at $8 * ton; New
Wellington. f8- Southfield Wellington, ?7 60 %»
ton: Seattle, $5@5 50: Bryant, $5 50: Coos Bay,
$4 50; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 SO in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg. • Cannel, $8: Rock bprlngs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke.
$10 50 in bulk and $1 - J 50 V ton in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kefiuery Company
quotes, terms, net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
*Dd Fine Crushed, all 6c: Dry Granulated, 6*/gc;
Confectioners' A, 51,4 c: Magnolia A, 434 c; Extra
C, 4.y 8 c: Golden C, 4V2: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes ' jjc more.
SYRUP-Goiaen, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
¥ gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock: from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— first quality, 6V^c; second quality,
4iA(Sisc: third do. 3V 2 (3>4c %* tb.
VEAL— Large, 6@6c: small, 6@7c # lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@tfi/ac; Ewes, syfe@«c
lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 10c; yearlings, 7c lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 41/4 C for large and 4Vi@
iS-gC for small; dressed do, s@6i4c ~$ lb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE,
FOB 24 HOURS.
Floor, or. sk§ 9.105 Middling!, 5ka,.... 765
Wheat, ctls 6,305 Hay. tons. 560
Barley, ctU 9,6ss' Wine, gals. 30.360
Oats. Or. ctls. 360 FSutter, ctls j 292
Beans, ska. 4,167 Cheese, eels —
Potatoes, iks. 1,868 Eggs, doz 11.550
Onlona.sk* '_'6 Paper, reams I,Si»O
Bran, alts 4,035 Chicory, bbls 5
THE STOCK MAEKET.
The market was quiet yesterday and prices
showed no marked change from Saturday. The
close was firm.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange Snc Francisco
Gas advanced to $83 Va and for Edison Light and
Power, $99 was bid.
Bodle is assessed 15 cents.
Additional weekly reports from the Comstock
are as follows:
Ophib— looo level —The south drift from the
station has been advanced 21 ieet; total length,
449 feet; and has made connection with the drift
run north from the Cod. Virginia shaft station on
this level.
Have continued jointly with the Mexican Com
pany the work of making repnirs in the main
shaft near the sill floor of this level.
Central tunnel— 2so level— Work ou this level
was suspended on the first diiy of this month.
Tunnel level— On the north side of the crosscut
running west from the drift run northwesterly
from the Mexican shnft-56 feet, above the sill
floor of this level— at a point 149 feet in from the
month of the crosscut— we have upraised 20 feet,
following up seme ore streaks found there, and we
have extracted therefrom 6 tons of ore assaying
about $25 per ton.
llalk & Nobckosr— 97s level. No. 1 upraise—
The ore steak on the eighth floor is becominc too
poor a quality to extract; we have stopped work
on this floor.
No. 2 upraise— On the seventh, eighth and ninth
floors working south the grade of the ore streak on
these floors has depreciated very considerably dur
ing the past few days and will not now pay to
save. On the ninth floor '.orking north the ore
streak Is narrow, but of good quality. On the
tenth floor working south the ore streak is about
the same as at date or las: report.
No. 3 upraise— Have lieen working on the sev
enth floor. We have marie connection on this floor
with the stopes from No. 1 upraise. The ore streak
continues in the roof and north end of raiae, but of
lower grade than heretofore.
No. 1 upraise — Have !>< en working north anil
south ou second floor. The ore streak is of good
quality. Have done the necessary retimbering
and repairing during tbt* iveeU. Extracted during
the week from our openings 40 cars of ore, assay
ing per mine c.ir sample, gold, $21 23; silver, 26.1
ounces, per ton.
Occidental — Edwurds shaft— The shaft started
at a point on the surface of the Edwar.la location
near the south line Is now down 40 feet, having
been sunk 14 feet during the week; formation,
hard prophyry.
650 level— The main northwest crosscut started
at a point 210 feet north of the winze station has
been exteuded 11 feet through hard pornhyry;
total length, 405 feet.
750 level— The west crosscut started In the north
drift at a point 310 feet north of the main winze
has been extended 17 feet; total length, 219 feet,
and continues in hard porphyry.
I'uring the week we have set up and now have
in successful operation a complete drilling plant,
consisting of a Best crude-oil engine and a Rix air
compressor, which furnishes power to run a Phoe
nix drill. The plant is located in the mine near
No. 1 upraise on . 50 level and the air is conveyed
in pipes to the face of the west crosscut on 750
level, where the drill is set up. By the aid of this
drill the work will be greatly facilitated and we
will reach the point beneath the ore body discov
ered on the 650 level much sooner than by hand
drilling.
Ovkkman— Extra ted 36 tons and 1700 pounds
of ore from the north drift on the 900 level. The
assay value of the ore per car samples whs $50 43
per ton. On the 1100 level of the Caledonia have
extended southwest drift 36 feet through porphyry,
seams of clay and quartz. The quartz is of low
value. Have Cut water in this drift and have, tim
bered the same. Total length of drift past east
crn«sri!t. HH feet.
Bxoirawici Exploration Company— Shaft
I— Sinking was resumed 01. the 28th tilt., and the
shaft lins since been sunk 12 feet on the incline
through porphyry, day and quartz; total depth 312
feet. 200 level— From the end of the south drift
from east crosscut 1 have staned west crosscut 4
and advanced it 18 feet through porphyry and
quurtz. Shaft 2, 150 level— The south drift from
east crosscut 1, 45 feet from the station, has been
extended 21 feet through porphyry and s'ringers
of quartz; total length 27 feet. rJouli & Curry
Company's tunnel— The main north drift has been
extended 30 feet through porphyry, clay and
quartz; total length 580 feet.
liOABD SALES.
JTollowlnu were the salej la tne Han Franclsoo
BtocK Board yesterday;
JtFGCT.An morvivt HICMTOX " COMWF.XOtX9 9:30.
"200 A1ta.Y.....17|100 Contl .flOllOO Overmn...ls
600 8e1cner...24 250 U A C 32 100 Potosi .....43
100 B <fc8....69i)200 H&N..1.30400 B Nev 63
200 .... ...... 68100 Justice. ...lolloo Union e...6fl
dOO 80d1e.....21 100 Mexican.. s7 300 ...... ...;.. 65
200 8u1wer....24 100 M0n0.... .OR 100 Utah ...... 11
100 Ch01!ar....50 300Occid 100 V Jac1u...38
55 CC*V....1.66i I
AFTFHSOOK BKSSIO.V — '^'SI.
200 Alia.... 17350 Hexter.... Potosi ....143
200 Belcher... 33 v! 00 Justice. .;.... .....42
50 Benton...2t>!loo Kentuck..oa;iOO Nev 64
1350 CC&V.1.6.5200 Mexican. .ss 100 ......:65
100 C Point.. .36 250 0ccidt1... .96260 Union. ... sti
200 O i C......33i450 0Dhir. 1.25300 V Jackt..36
300 II&N ....1.301200 Ovrmn. '.
Following were the sales in tho Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ,
KKoni.ATt MWJiW —T
200 A1pha....:13i400 CCV..1.67 1 /. 400 0cc1dt1....92
1000 A1ta..... 161300 Conn... 90 400 Ophirl.22V
800 .. ....17 100 . ........ ...88 1V!OO Ovrmn..l!)
200 Andes 30 100 .......... 87 *00 P0t05i... ..43
iOO 29100 Crown Pt. 300 5ava?e....,35
400 8e1cher.. ..23 &00 . .........36 Scorplon..o4
200 .:....«....24 20OExchar...O4|2OO H8&M...06
300 BAB.-. ...'.69 300 O & C....33 Nev....
200 Bullion 121A950 H&N... 1.30900 Union C...56
200 8u1wer....25 400 ....'....1.82% 300 ' .......57
SOOCaleda 09H00 .........1.85 500 Uuh.;....1l
200 Challne. 200 Justice.. ..lo 6oo V Jacket..3S
400 Cn0uar. ... 60200 Kentuck..os!3oo ...........37
300 C V.1.70300 Mexican. .s7
AFTKRSOOX .BKBSION— 'i:"V3.
600 Alnba 13100 I'onfl 88 100 0cc1dt1....95
600 Alta 16 200 C Point. .36 300 ......::.. .97
200 Andes.. 29,1000 Kxchqr..Os 450 0ph1r....1.20
200 8e1cher....23 200 G & C... 200 l.'J2Va
250 B<t 8.....69'65011«fcN ....1. 30 300 0Trmu....16
200 70800 ;...... 1.32 V21200 P0t05i.....43
100 Bodie 22300 ......... ls/ 200 5av0ge....34
300 ..:..... ....20 500 Justice. ...10300 S NeT.tr.B4
200 8ui wer... 25,200 L \Vasb...oa 300 S HUU....03
200 ...........24 200 Mexican..3i 200 Union .....65
300Cha11n«...34 300 ........;...56200 Utah .....10
200 Ch011ar... ! 500 Mono 09J200 YJackei..3A
SCO ........ 60,200 0cc1d11.... 94 400 37
450 CCV..I 67y a l
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. March 9-4 P. m.
Biii.Aiked. BUt.Atktd.
Alpha Cob 13 14 Jack50n........ 40 —
*U». ........... 16 17 Julia. ......... — 06
Anaei 29 30|Jnstlo» :....—. 10 11
Belcber 22 23 bentucK. ...... — .-'OS
Best <fc Belchet 69 70 Lady Wash.... 05 06
BantonCoa.... 20 — Mexican „ 65 68
Bodie ......... 20 2'J;May flower — . 1.60
8u11i0n.. .^....^ 12 13Slono .......... 09 v —
8n1wer.. ...... 24 2BBJt. Diablo 16 —
Caledonia 1)8 10 NevadaQueeo. —05
Challenge Con. 88 34'0ccldeni*l..... 95 97
Chollar ........ 60 61|0phir... ......; 1.20 1.25
Con. CaL Va. 1.65 1.70 Uvtimu ...... 16 16
Con. Imperial. — ' 02iP0t0«.. ........ 44 ."46
Conßdence...... 85 — ibavaw.. ....... 33 36
Lon.New — Ot BeK. Belcher... — 06
Crown Foini... 34 36 Sierra Nevada. 66 67
KiwtSierra — O4ißcorpion.. .....— 08
Exchequer..... 04 05 Sliver Hill.. — 02
Enreka C0n.... — 2fi Pyndicaia 02 V —
Uould&Currr. 33 34 Union (Joa 66 67
Hale* Aorcrs. 1.35 1.40 Utah .......... 10 12
10wa...... — 1)4 Yellow jacicas. 36 - 37
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, March 9 -'.' r. it*;':
UNITED STATES BON '.
Bid. Aitced.\^ ■ Bid. Atltti.
C S4geonp.. 1081,4 — ÜBifl teg...iOß l /4 —
, Do, 1a.. .117 117. r l ,
VinrKX.I.ANKni?B |Otrm
Cal-RtCnleßs.llo% — IDo. 2d lßs 6s. — —
CalElecL6s.lO6 — P&ORy 68.105 120
CntraCWSs. — 99 P<fcChßy6s. — 106
Dpnt-st ex-cp 77 : 95 Pwl-st.RR6s. — 116%
EdsnJUfeP 68.110V4 — Reno.Wlxtli — 105
F&CHRK6S.IO3 105 RiverW Co6s "— '•• 100
Uearv-stRSs. 100 105 IsactoP * l 100 102»4
LosAneL6s. — 101 BF&NPKRSsIOI 101%
Do,Gnted.6s. - 103 BPRRAriz6s - 86
Mkt-stCble6sl2S — KFRRCftI6s.. 107% —
DoHyConos..loßi4 — SPRKCaI&s~ — 97%
NevO'gßTs. 99i 100 |SPBrRCal6s. 96% —
KB 6s. 103 V - HVWater6s..- 120%
Ry Cal 6s. - 105 SVWaterts.- - 99y 8
NKy Cal ss. — 105 StktnUAEtfi — 103
Oak Gas 65..103y 2 105 SunatT.fcT6s.loo —
Do. 2<J isssu.lO3V - Sutier-stßss. 110 —
Omnibus 65.. — i«iVfc|v»-iuwc«. — n
FacKollilßs.. — —
: WATER STOCK*.
Contra Costa 40 — i San Jose — »5
MarlnUa..; 49 - |SpringVaUey 98% 99V 8
GAS STOCKS. "•-■-■
Capital. — 40 ; Paclfle Light. *5Va 46V
Central.. .. 95 — Prancsco 83V4 B.<^«
OakOL&H. 6ivi 62 Stockton..... — alVk
tacGaalmp. 82% 83 | -
INBUIIANCK STOCKS.
FlremansFd.l6s — - |Sun.. 40 —
.. COUMKRCIAL BANK KTOriC^.
Amerß&TC. — — LondonPcfcA.l3o —
Anglo-Cal ... 6814 — London&SJ?. — 27 Va
Bank of Ca1.. 235 — rMercta Ex_.. Vi — •
CaISD&TCo.. 67 58 | Nevada.. .. — —
FirstNatlontl7B 182 i/ 2 SatUer B Co. — —
Urungers.... — — ; 1
SAVINGS BANK STDCKV
GerS*L,Co..l42o — SavALoaa.. — 102
HumbS&L.IOUO — Security..... ?46 —
Mutual . — 41 Union Trust. Bos —
bi SavUnlon — 482y !
. -' BTBKET . I . i:cia!> STOCKS.
California.... 107 — Oak.SL&Hay — 100
Geary-st 60 77Ms Presidio 4V« —
Market-5t.... 461/4 46y Sutter-5u.... — —
POWDKK BTlll'Kl.
Atlantic D... 15 — Judson >. — —
California.... — 88 Vigont. - 1
Giant. ....... — IP ■
MISCKLI.AKi:oi7» STOCK*.
Alaska Pkri. 9234 OceanlcSSCo — 20
BlkDCoalCa — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotHUls.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalUrvDoct — — Pacl&NCa — 30
Edison Light, 99 U9 ; Pac RoU Mill 29% 42%
GBsConAsstL — — ParfPaintCo. 63/ 8 7%
G<r I.f>ad Co. 85 — tPacTransCo. — 24
HawC&SUo.. 19V4 19%1'acTifeTCo 60 —
HutchHPCo.-. 19 19V8 SunsetT&T.. 41 —
JudsonMfgC. — — iUnit«dCCo.. — 25
MerKxAsanlOO 110 I
MOBNI.VQ PKS9IOV.
Board— 2oo Hawaiian Commercial Sugar, 1 91/4;
6 S V Water, 98%: 60 Tlutchinson S P Co, 18 V 2 :
150 do, 18%: 59 Jlarket-st Railway, 46Vi: -'6 S
F UasllKht, 81 i ; *J5 rto, 81%: 50 do, 82V*: 60 do,
82%; 60 do, 82 V2: $2000 S V 6% Bonds, 1198^.
Street— so Hawatian Commerciul, 16 /g; 100 do,
17%: 50 do, 173/ 8 ; 300 do, 18: 50 do, 17%.
AITF.RSOON SESSION. .
Board— lo Hawaiian Commercial, 19%: 300
Hutchlnson 8 P Co, 19: 25 do, 19y ; 50 Pacific
lias Imp, 82%': 10 do, 82%: 20 do, 83: 20 Pacific
Lighting Co, 45%; 30 S F Gaslight. 823, i: 50 do,
83: 185 do, 83Vi; l'2o do, 83y ; 146 S V Water,
98y .
Street— $1000 Market-st Railway Con 6% Bonds.
1061 /»- _________
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. Herman Shainwald to S. J. and Azro L. Mann,
lot on X lino of Clay street, 81 E of Buchanan, E
26:3byX102:8Vi; 910.
' David M. Savage to Savage Estate Company, lot
on 8W corner of Oak and I.yon streets, W 177:1,
s 110. W 166, N 110, \V 30. S 13 deg. 45 mm. E
164:11, N 77 deg. 7' mm. — 80-.234, N. 88 deg.
8 mm. E 86:3, S 9:21/2, B 182:6. X 180: also all
Interest in Western Addition block 605; $10.
Caroline Vetter to Frederick J. Vetter, lot on X
line of Page street, 75 E of Ashbury, E 25 by X
82:6: gift.'
Lanra B. Kae to C.E. Gr?en. lot on N line of Clay
street, 187:6 \V of .Locust. W 137:6 by N 127:7y :
io. . -
Horace C. Mercer to Alexander Bouick, lot on S
line of Fifteenth street, 75 E of Sharon. E 26 by S I
100, subject to mortgage: $10.
■ Alexander and Jane S. Bouick to Horace (_'. Mer
cer (undivided half), James Gerard (undivided
fifih) and -Alexander Kennedy (undivided three
tenths). lot on 8 lin» ot Fifteenth street, 87:6 \V of i
Church, W 37:6 by S 100, subject to mortgage;
$10. - ■■■-■■-.
John and Mazgie Batsere to B. and Elizabeth A.
Dowd, lot on E line of Howard street, 84 S of
Twenty-third. b 36, E 122:6, X 20, W 37:6, X
16, W 85; $10.
Homeseekers' Loan Association to Nellie Smith,
lot on X linr of Elizabeth street, 100 E of Diamond,
E26 by N 100; $10.
S. J. and Azro L. Mann to H. Shainwald. lot on
E line of Hoffman avenue. 60 N of Twenty-fifth
street, N 50 by X 125; $10.
Theodore A.. Emily, Henry 0., Louisine W.,
Charles V. and Camilla Havemeyer to American '■
sugar Retiniiiii Company, lot on NE corner of i
Battery and Dnion streets, X 155, E 50, X 120. E
2'J6, S 205, W 125, 8 70, W 150: aloo lot on SW :
corner of Battery and Union streets, S 100 by W
120: also lot on W line of Battery. street, 150 S of ,
Union, S 60 by W 120; also lot on BE corner of I
Sansome. and I'nion streets, E 180 by s 177:6; j
also lot on \V line of Battery street, 25 X of Green,
X 25 by \V 120: also plant, machinery, etc: $10. |
Commissioners of the Funded Debt of th» City
and County of .'■Bn Francisco to Valentino Kehr
leln lot on SW corner of Leavenworih street and
North I'oint. \V 112:6, S 63:6, "W 25, S 74, E
137:H, X 137:6: $67.
James D. Cialbraith, John A. Monroe and Ogden
Hoffman Jr. to Matilda V. Whitney, lot on S line
of Harrison street, 89:6 W of Beale, S 137:6 by \V.
25, subject, to privilege of right of way; 1,700.
Kate G. Bromley to Angelica Wakelee, lot on SE
line of Harrison street, 89:6 SW of Beale, SW 25
by SE 137:6; $5.
• Caroline Vetter to Frederick J. Velter, all inter- \
est- In lot on SE line of Market street, 75 SW of
sixth, K\V 50 by SE 90; gift.
Sophie A. Coney to Samuel and Carrie Go'dman,
lot on N line of Clement street, 90 W of Eleventh
avenue, W 30 by N 75; $10.
Sallie R. Cl»rk to Abraham Lowenstein, lot on
W line of Second avenue, 200 X of Clement street,
N 25 by W 120; $10.
- John \V. and Annie L. Wright to Louis 8. Ait- i
Ken, lot on W line of Thirtieth avenue, 175 N of
M street, X 25 by W 240: $10.
Same to Anna M. Harvey, lot on W line of Thir- i
tieth avenue, 200 N of M street, X 25 by \V 120;
$10. •
Marie Hyde (or Heyde) to Ernest Scholz, lot 50,
block 15, Lane view: $5.
Robert S. and Marie Lee to Charles Hanson, lot
28, block 25, same: $10. »
J. T. and Annie McXulty to Wenona L. Ackley,
lot on 8 line of China avenue, 76 E of Lisbon
street, E 21 :6 br S 100; $450.
' George A., Frank H. and Mary A. Bailey toMary
P. Roihermel, lot on S line of Uarfleld street, 50 E
of Montlcello, E 60 by S 100, block 10, City Land
Association; $20.
• Edward Barry to William Geary, lot on E line of
Dame street, 150 X of Randall, X 60 by E 125;
also lot on E line of Whitney street, 175 X of Ran
dall, X 50 by E 125: also lot on \V line of Dame
street, 225 X of Randall, N 50 by W 125; $1000.
Alice M. Wuelden to Edward Walsh, lot on W
line of Dame street, 225 X of Kanuall, X 60 by W
126; $1200. • '
ALAMKDA COfNTT.
Jacoo 11. and Fanni" li. Strong to John T. Bell,
lot on W lino of Mnden strcm, 50,S of;. Sixteenth, S
60 by \V 100, Oakland: .flO.
Charles and Lena Herßest-n to Charles T. Down-
Ing, lot on \V line of tlellen street, 25 Sof A or
'I hlrty-second, S 25 by W 100, block N, lands
ivi;i'ta Uomesstead Association, Oakland, quit
claim deed; *10.
1 uniel und Uesine Middelstorb to William 11.
Heilemiinn, lot on X line of McKee street, 50 \V
of Occlilental, W 50 by N 135, beinsr lot 10, block
1, Paradise Park, Oakland Township: $10.
1 ouisa and Richard Stephens to Theresa Huss
ler, lo r 24, rariKt' 9, map of subdivisions 9 and 10,
Hardy Tract, Brooklyn: $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. ISailey to William H. and
Aunustino V. Jansen. lot on W Tenth street. 100
S line of Allison way, S 41:3 by \V 130, l)«ing lot
7, hlccfc 119, Alltoon Tmct, Berkeley; $6.
John s. J,opes to Felix J. <le Silveria, .«72 of an
acre, beginning at a point In N line of road Hay
wards nt SU corner lands of Rasmusien, thence
NX 220, .NW 174:5, !S\V 220, SE 17, to beginning,
Jlavwnrds, Eden Township: JilO.
Harriet li. Williams to Hepburn Williams, a'l of
fractional block 167 bounded N by Atlanta street,
W by Campbell, !■> by Pacific and X by Peralta,
Oakland: $10.
Hannah Connell to Mary O'Connell, lots 1 and
2, block 62, Oakland: gift.
MBbel A. Cool *.o Charles A. Maxan, lot 31, Pa
cific Theological Seminary Tract, Oakland: also
personal property at 2232- Telegraph uvenue, Oak
land: $10.
Albert S. Woodbrldtje to James T. nannon, lot
on sK corn rof Lincoln avenue and Spruce street,
s 40 by X IJM, block G, Clinton Mound Tract, Kast
Oaklund: $1200.
Kugene A. Trefetheh to Ada S. Trefethen, quit
claim deed, I'.ast Oakland : $10.
Hannah Casey to James < asey, lot on SE corner
Of Apgar and West streets. S 64 by X 110, being
lots 10 und 11, block C, Major Given Tract, Oak
laud Township; gift.
Susanna Berger (executrix of the estate of John
Berfr«-r) to John F. Stone, the fifteenth foot of lot
9. adjoining lot 10. map of plat 5 and portion of
plat 6, Dohr Tract, Berkeley: $180.
THE CALI CALENDAR.
March, 1896.
W.
|Fr.
©New Moon.
March i 4
16
17
24
/^vFlrst Qua
\J) March
k^ -Full
I -j£) Ma
OCEAN STEAMJSKS.
Dates or Departure iromSan Fr»nrl»oo.
BTKAUKK. | mCSTINATIOX |
SAIL*.
. uk! raua.. . .
0m0na.....
lompr |
k'eeott I
.r»eo
I Vie * P*t Snd
Ban Diego..;.;
Honolulu
| Humboldtßay
Coos 8ay...:..
I Eel River
| coos Kar......
: Newoort ......
Mexico.'......'.
Can Ditto
P0rt1and.... ...
China & Japn
Vie & Ptt Hnd
V ulna Bay.;
Newport ......
! Men 10. 2m j
MchlO. Am
Mchll. 9am;
: Men 11, HUM
MchlvJ. 9am t
Mchl2,loAM
Mcbl4.llAM|
Mchl4.loAM
Mchl A, 3pm
jMchls. 9am
Mchlß ;.;...
: Pier 9
, Pier 11
■ Oceanic
i Pier 9 •
Oceanic
; Pier 13
' Tier 13 1
Pier 11
Pier 11
I Pier 11
i Pier 2 4
PM 8 S
fiery
t Paui
008 8ay.... j
orona I
Hate o( Cai
hlna.
matllia. ...
aralion ...
:nr«k«...;:|
..•••••»•
STEAMERS TO AKKIVE.
v roe reso
oeaiiie ;..
j Newport.
Victoria & i'ueei Soana
I P0rt1and ........ ... .;'....
San Diego
Sydney ;
: lacoma
] Portland
flumboidt Bay
Crescent . City- ..........
' Newport
i Panama......
j Vaauina Bay ...... .;....
;COO9 8ay.........
P0rt1and ......;.;
Grays Harbor
i Victoria & ruKe; Sound
I P0rt1and.... ..-..•... ......
Han D\ee0.. .......:
Grays Harbor...
. . .*! I !1 iU
!..MchlO
:,,MchH
I. Mchll
..Mchl'2
..Mchl2
..Mchl2
..Mchl2
..Mchl3
..Men 14
..Mchl4
..Mchl4
..Mcb 14
..Mchl4
..Mch 16
..Mcbl6
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
'..Mch 17
8t.Paai... .......
Umatilla ......
State of Cal
C0r0na..........
Alameda.
Ban Benito
South Coast.....
Pomona.
Crescent City. - .
Eureka .........
City of Sydney.
Fara110n........
Arcata...... ;...".
Empire ...'..
Del Norte
City PueDla. .
Queen...
Santa K05a... ...
8un01...... ......
SUN, MOON AM) Tll>K.
U. S. Coast axd Gkodktic Subvet Tidk")
Bt'LLKTrX PUBLTSHEI) by Official .j-
At'THORITV OF THK Supebistksdext. )
Tuesday, March 10.
Sun rises 8.27|M00n rises 4.35 am
Sun sets 6. 1 4 1 Moon sets
March- 1896.
J Time. Fee£ Time
k|L ,W| \U W
Feet|li^ F.ei Timu
|L Wi II W,
10' 3.11| 2.5! 8.48:
11 4.00 2.3J 9.44J
12: 4.40 1.8 10.35
13 1 5.18! 1.411.2J!
jH W FeetlL WI
14! 0.02J 4.7 5.52J
15; 0.2-' 4.7 i 6.28
16 0.40! 4.7 1 6.54 1
I fi.Oj 3.45;-O.S 10.47 j 4.6
i 5.0! 4.22-0.0 11.16 4.7
i 5.0J 4.52,-0.3 .11.40: 4.7
1 4.8 5.29! o.l'
i Fret H WiFeet.L W F*"<H
1.1 1J.04 4.5! 5.65 0.5
0.8 12.40 4.2' 6.19 0.9
0.5 1.151 4,0' 6.45^ 1.3
Note- In the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
Order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column given the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the.
height. »nd thon the number given Is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts
HYDKOGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbancu HyDBonBAPHic Office., U. 9. N. >
Merchants' Eicha.vos. >-
San- Francisco, March 9, 189 ft. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at S r. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtelks,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
NOTICE TO 3IAKINEKS.
Puget Sound, Washington.
Notice is hereby given that Duwamish Head Bell
buoy painted rod was run into by the steamer
Sarah M. Renton and sunk at its moorings about a
quarter of a mile to the northwestward of Duwam
ish Head, south side of entrance to Seattle Har
bor. It will be replaced as early as practicable.
O. W. Farknhdlt, Commander U. 8. N.,
fnspector Thirteenth Lighthouse District.
SHIPTING INTELL.IGEJJCK.
Arrived.
MONDAY, March ».
TJ S stmr Monadnock, Sumner, from a trial trip.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 24 hours from Eel
River: pass and mdse, to Russ, Sanders ft Co.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 13 hours from
Point Arena; r r ties, to L X White Lumber Co.
stmr Alcaznr, Gunderson, 14 hours from
Greenwood: 292 M ft lumber, to L E White Lum
ber Co.
NtestmrCosta Rica, Mclntyre, 92 hours from
Departure Bay; 2500 tons coal, to R Dunsmuir &
Sons.
Simr National City. Andrr-sen, 27 hours from
Eureka; pass and lunitier, to C A Hooper it Co.
Stmr Araco. Reed. 42 hours from Coos Bay; pass
and mdse. to Oregon Coal and Nhv Co.
Tub Mary Abb, Nelson. 27 hours from Eureka,
in tow of stmr National City.
Brship British Yeoman, White, 89 days from
Sydney: 2860 tons coal, to Balfour, Guthrie <fe Co.
Bark Fresno. Underwood. 7 days from Port
Gamble: lumber, to Pope & Talbot.
Schr Marion, Generaux, 7 rtnys from Grays
Harbor: M ft lumber, to S H Harmon Lum
ber Co.
Schr Eliza Miller. O'hrisiian'sen, 5 days from
Coos Bay: 200 M ft lumber, to E B Dean <fc Co.
Schr Melanctlion, Peasley, 7 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Prosper, Schrocdcr, 0 days from Coquille
River: lumber, to SImDSOO LuniDer CO.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor: lumber, to Wilson Bros it Co.
Schr Ocean Spray. Nelson, 72 hours ironi Iver
son* Landing: woo<l and posts, to N Iversen.
Schr Fanny Adelo, Murchison, 7 days from Co
lumbia River: 283 M ft lumber, to Antioch Lum
ber C* Up river direct.
Schr Mary O, Campbell, 7 hours from Bodega; 40
bxs butter, to Rossi Hewlort.
Schr Mary Buhne, Ramseliug. 3 days from
Humboldr: 187 M ft lumber, to Chas Nelson.
Schr Albion. Svenson, 6 riavs from Coquille
River: 107 M ft lumber, to T J Holden.
Schr Western Home. Neilson, Belays from Coos
Bay; lumber, to E B Dean it Co.
t'leared.
MONDAY. March 9.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego: Good- 1
all. Perkins it <'o.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallan". Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka: Charles
Kelson.
Whal stmr Narwhal, Smith, whaling; Pacific
Steam Whaling Co.
Br ship Strattulon, Phillips Jr. London, G W Mc-
Near.
Kr ship Dundonald, Girvan, Hull: Girvin <fc
Eye.
Ship Roanoke, Hamilton, Honolulu; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Bark Annie Johnson, Matson, HUo: J D Spreck
els it Bros Co.
Bark Gatherer, Nervick. Prince William Sound;
Alaska Packers' Association.
Sailed.
MONDAY, March 9.
Stmr Queen, Green, As'oria.
V S stmr Monadnock, Snmner, trial trip.
Ptmr Crescent City. Allen. Crescent City.
Ship M I' Grace, De Winter, New York.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes.
schr Monterey. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Ivy> Banks, Hnmboldt.
Ketumed.
MONDAY. March 9.
Schr Free Trade, Bugge, from sea on account of
spnn&ing a leak.
Te!eerri»T»Jiic.
POTNT LOBOS— March 9—lo p i£— Weathor
foggy, wind NW; velocity 8 miles.
<;ii>ir'er».
The Br ship Arctic Stream was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat or mdse to Sydney. £1800,
Melbourne, £2200: Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, red
wood from this port and pine from Puget Sound to
Syduev, 32s 6d— prior to arrival.
The brig Lurline loads mdse for Kahulul.
The Br ship Inchkeith loads lumber on the
Sound for Valparaiso for order, 37s 6d.
Miscellaneous.
Information received at San Francisco from Now
York states that navigation on the Danube is now
open.
Spoken.
Dec 19— Lat 31 S, long — , Br ship Miltlades, hnc
Nov 18, for London.
Feb "2— Lat 32 N, long 41 \V. Br ship Hilston,
hence Sept 'JH, lor Queenstown. .-_-.■ —
Nov "JS-Lat 10 N, long 119 W. Ger ship EH
Watien, hence Nov la. for Quoenstowu.
Jaii B— Lat 55 8, long 81 W, ship George Curtis,
from Oregon, for Barrow. _
No date— Lat 27 S, long 44 W, Ger ship Ciesarea,
from Ham burp, for Oregon.
Jan 10 -Lat 47 B, long 41 W, Br ship Lord Tem
plemore, hence Oct 19. for Liverpool.
Jan 14— Lat 51, long 64 W, Br ship Fernbank,
from Antwerp, for Portland.
Jan 29— Lat 27 S, lorn; 29 W, Br ship Crocodile, I
ht'nce Nov 12, for Hull.
No date— Lat 12 S. long 35 W, Brbark Pass of
Brander. from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Feb 15 — Lat— N, Ion? 32 W, Dutch bark Van
Galen, from Vancouver, for Liverpool.
Dec 19— Lat 33 S, long — , Br shipSwanhilda.hnc
Nov 12, for Queenstown.
Jan 23— Lat Si 8, long 130 30 W, Brbark Inver- !
uric he nee Dec 15, for Queenstown.
Jan ?3-Lat 34 02 S, long 30 30 W, Br ship !
Anglesey, hence Dec 24, for Cape Town.
Jan 25-Lnt 33 13 S, long 129 52 W, Brbark ;
East African, hence Dec 24, for Queenstown.
Domestic Ports.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Mar 9— Stmr Rival, for Hue- j
neme.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar B— Stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar 9— Stmr State of Califor- ]
nla. for Han Francisco: bktn Monitor, for San
Francisco; stmr signal, for Puget sound.
Arrived Mar 9— stmr Empire, hence Mar 3.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Mar 9— Schr Meteor,
for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed Mar B— Br ship General Gor
dan, from Vancouver, for San Francisco, and not
as reported yesterday; Mar 9— Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Comox, for Port Los Angeles; bktu
Willie R Hum», hence Feb 26, for Port Blakeley.
UMPQUA— Arrived Mar 7— Schr Louise, from
San Pedro.
VENTURA— SaiIed Mar 9— Stmr Geo Loomis.
for San Francisco.
PORT H A.RFORD- Arrived Mar B— Schr Helen
N Kimball, from Aatoria.
ALBlON— Arrived Mar 7— Schr Archie and Fon
tlt\ hence Mar 4.
MENDOCINO-Arrlved Mar 8-Stmr Point
Arena, hence Mar 7.
COOS BAY-Arrived Mar B— Schr Emma Utter,
hence Feb '2b; schr Vega, hence Feb 28: Mar 9—
stmr Alice lilanchard, hence Mar 6, via Eureka,
and sailed Mar 10 for Portland.
TACOMA— Arrived Mar 9— Schr Comet, from
San Pedro.
V SAL— Sailed Mar 9— Stmr Newsboy, for Re
dondo.
COQUILLE— Arrived Mar 7— Schr Eureka, hnc
Mar 1.
EUREKA— Arrived Mar 9— Schr Esther Buhne,
hence Mar 6.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Mar 9-Stmr Cleone,
hence Mar 8.
N'AVARRO-Arrlved Mar 7— Schr Christina
Steffens, hence Mar 2.
Sailed Mar 9— Schr Christina Seffens, for San
Francisco.
BIHLERS POINT-Arrlved Mar 9-Schr Ben
der Brothers, hence Mar 7.
CASPAR— Arrived Mar 9— Stmr Caspar, from
Newport.
Sailed Mar 9— Stmr Jewel, for Newport.
SEATTLE-Sailed Mar 9— Schr Ethel Zane, for
Honolulu.
rimx ANGELES-raased out Mar 9-Eark I'er- ,
risS Thompson, from Seattle, for San Francisco;
*rj^Ji£°?™x£ 'a 'isms: s«
D SiVo°NDO-Arr?vedMar 8-Schr San Buena
ventura.fromGr^H^oor^^
KUTCHINOTiU-ArrivedFeb 29-Nor stmr
FI «f IR -l r^r^ C Mur4-Norbar 1 c Bertie, from
° rt VLMO e i Tir- Arrived Mar 7-Er ship Dovenby
Hall, fr-oin Oregon: French bark Pierre Corneille,
h HUL°^ Arrived Mar 6-Br ship Heathfleld, hno
°urEENSTOWN-Arrived Mar 7-Brship Pe
g^IVERTO6i-Ar 6 rived Mar 7-Br ship Fran i9-
Mar 7-Br bark Cas
tor, hence Oct 19, for London. ElweU, hence
X ANAIMO-AmveU Mur 9-Ship Elwell, hence
Febl23.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 9— Stmr Italia, from
Hamburg: stmr Amsterdam, from Rotterdam.
SMYRNA— Arrived out Mar 9— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, on excursion.
BREMERHAVEN— SaiIed Mar 8-Stmr H. ii
Meior. for New York.
LIZARD- Passed Mar 9— Stmr La Bourgogne,
from New York, for Havre.
;mi><»rraMon<».
COOS BAY— Per Arago— '2 bnlos wonlen goods,
17 bxs fish, 3«l aks potatoes, 3 pkgs mdse, 2 sks
coin. 4 pktcs express.
PORT KBNYON— Per Wpnott-22i 2 bxs butter,
11 cseggs, JOO sks oats, 17 pkcs mdse, l cs furs, l
bx frogs, 65 ods stave bolts, 6 dressed calves.
t'on<*i'»!ie<»*.
Per Arago— Bandon Woolen-mills: A Paiartinl:
Thomas Loughran: McDonough ifc Flunyon: M Lynj
nott; Standard Oil Co: Wells, Fargo & Co; O C A N
Co.
Per Wectt— Dairymen's Tnion: O B Smith & Co:
Norton, Teller & Co; Wheaton, Brton «!fc Co; J A
Folger: F B Haight: D E Allison & Co; II Diitarri:
H Liebes & Co; A Moore; Waterhouse & Lester; ii
de Lucca; Kaliah «fe Co; California Barrel Co; U
Dellosio.
For Lnlf SMpptno TnteJU'imc Bee Fift?ent\ ran'
S^^ OFFICE FURNITURE
ffit;l^ AND FIXTURES.
miV^'iS c ' F * weber &. Co.,
:{ftO to 30fi Post St.. cor. Stocktn
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASI
CUT RATES
— *-IO
VICTORIA, B. C. t and
PUGET SOUND.
Plx*art Class 68.00
Beooud Class — &5-OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 New Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS '& CO.,
General Agenta.
— ,
O. R-. _c&3 3NT.
ASTORIA ANDPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
' Columbia sails.... .March 9 and 19
biate of California sails..'..; March 14 and 24
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
60OBA-LL, PEIiKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONINOR, General Agent,
■ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMP.WY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM jStgk*
Broadway wharf, Saa Francisco, as -SI33nSC
; follows:
For Mary Island, Lorln?, Wransel. Juneau. Kll-
■ lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a a. ic, March 15, 30,
April 14, 29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
i send, Beaule, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
i Whatcom (Beliingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
; March 5, 10. 15, iO, '2b. 80. and every fiflii
i day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
| the C. i. IX. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., (,*
! at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with *
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata aad Fields Landing (Hum;-
; ' boldt Hay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., Miirch 'J, 6, 10,
! 14. I^. 22, '26, 30, and every lourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Slurspn, Cayucos,
' Port Ilarforci (San Lul3 Obisjio), Safviota. sanim
Barbara. Ventura, Hucneme, Sau Pedro, EiJ*.B»a
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. March
4.8. lit, 16, 20, '2i, 28, and ' every lourth ■ day
i thereafter. k>'
For San Die?o, stopping only at Port Harforl
, . (San Luis Obispo),' Santa Barbara, ■ Port Lo«
' Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M., March 2, 6, 10, 14, 1», 22, 26. 3J, and
every fourth day thereafter.
• For tnseuada, San Jose del- Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Faz, Altata and Ouavnias (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
. street.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gent Agents.
_^ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAHSHIP COMPANY.
• ' *'•■ '-'.Mlltr^Wll Coolscardle gold delda
jdsSrl'iQ Tiste (Freemantle), Austra-
JmJ\;y' i -I r. . $m f r lia $220 lirst. class;
Aitifcy t"lyiYni I ifU* *' lv steerage. Lowest
A[W^&^ mm !^fc}'* rates to Capetown,
Warn/ TlrK** '^^V steamship Australia,
jEaJI -fcifv Tf \*Bl Honolulu only, Tues-
Gmi V/^ytijrnljrt day ' ■ March 10 - at 10
■m\ l^gHr /Mm Australian steamer,
ALA.UEUA, sails via
Honolulu and Aurk-
land, ( Jhursday, April
Spfctai, Partiks.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and April 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
Freieht Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPKECKELS dt BKOS. CO.;
. General Agents.
COMPAGME GENERAL TRMSATLASTIQUE
Frencli Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NE\V),42 NORTH *«
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelen by wwf
this line avoid both transit oy English railway and
the discomfort of crossiDg the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class ?1 60: 6econd-class, $116.
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
March 14, 10 M
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe...........
March '21, 5 a. v
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf ....
.......March 28, 10 a. U
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle. :
. .April 4, a, m
tST For further particulars apply to '
x A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FFGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco: ■> .
ggHfrn.K HAMBURG-AMERICAN LL\E
; ; gggN?Jyl»Q TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
'— 1 1 "■^wifegg^.- Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Ch»rbourc, Paris it IJamburg.
I Normnnnia.... March 26 I A. Victoria April 23
F. Bismarck... ...April 9 j Columbia .....May 7
I. Cabin, $60 and upward; 11. Cabin, $i 5 and $50.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 41/2 h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBOUKG-PARIS, 6V2 h.
For apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
I LINE. 37 Broadway, N. V.. or to Local Agents.
' ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACRET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL 'jefOHU
„ fortnightly for the West Indies and rgYhni
Southampton, calling en . route at Cerbourgh,
i France, and Plymouth to land passenger*.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mall S. s. Co., Issued for freight and treaj.
I ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: tulia
i tl*t". 997 M. For further particulars apply to
VAJBKOTT <t CO., Agenta,
306 California St.
WHITE JSTAR LINE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamen
• 'j BETWEEV
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING EVKKV WKEK.
PABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jafgU
i \J Ing to steamer ami ftreomnnocl»t!ons sKmSK
selected: second cabin, $35 and »40: Majestic and
■ Teutonic. ■ Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
. through to San Francisc-o at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates ■ and - cabin plans mny be procured
, from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at th»
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
- ; General Agent lor Pacific Coaat.
STOCKkv STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St,
At 5 P. M, Daily, Kxcept Sunday,
ay Accommodations Reserved b7 Telephone.
STEAMER :
. T.C. Walker. J I>. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton, •
1 Telephone Main 806. Cai, Nay. and Impt. Cg^
1 FALLEJO, BE\iriA,PORT
COSTA ASD CROCKETT;;
. / STB.. BIONTICJELIiO,
■ Daily, = except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. n,
and 4 r. H. : Saturday, 12:30 nooa:
1 fcianday— B r. v. - ■
•i r. k. only.'
Landing, Uissioa I, fl«r *,Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
CHILD VICTIMS
OF THE TROLLEY.
Two Little Girls Trip Mer
rily to an Awful
Death.
NO GUARDS ON WHEELS
The Children of Frank E. Booth
Killed by an Electric
Car.
THE COUNCIL WILL ACT.
A Stringent Law to Be Passed Re
quiring Safety Brakes and
Wheel Guards.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— Kate
Anna, a little miss of ten years, and
lila Emilia, four \ears younger, the
children of Frank E. and Mrs. Booth,
were instantly killed by an electric car at
Eighth and Adeline streets to-night.
They have been in the habit of going to
meet the train from San Francisco every
evenine. Their father is employed at the
City, and his only two children used to go
to Seventh and Adeline streets and walk
home with him. This evening when he
got off the train he looked around as usual
for little Katie and Edith, but did not see
them. At the next corner he saw a big
crowd, and when he joined it he saw that
it was surrounding the mangled forms of
his little one?.
They were terribly injured, and the
shock was so great to the fatherthat he
could with difficulty reach his home,
where the new; had preceded him. Katie
had been stating on the sidewalk, and her
little feet still wore the rollers after they
were extricated from the wheels and the
little mangled forms were taken to the
Morgue. At the time of the accident
the children were going from Sev
enth street toward Eighth, and
evidently did not see that there was
a car approaching from either direction.
• tst-bound car had passed 'and the
girls had crossed the south track. When
they started to cross the north track the
west-bound car came along and before it
could be stopped the front wheels had
passed over Katie and the second pair
were on top of her younger sister. Both
were dead before they were picked up.
John McLean, the motorman of the
fatal car, delivered himself to the police
to-night and was released on his own
recognizance. He said that the girls were
not in sight when he reached the opttosite
crossing, and he was going at a rate of
speed that would permit of his stopping
witiiin the car's- length. This, he says,
v. ■.:.- j ro^£>i- by the fact that he brought his
car to a "ftandstill right where the girls
were crowing. To do this, however, he
had to reverse his motor.
"The instant I saw the girls," said Mc-
Lean, "I applied the breaks and reversed
the current. I was going at a slow rate
and had no current on at ail. I did not
see thf girls until I struck them. They
came right around the rear end of the car.
One was skating and the other was walk
ing by her bide. There was a mau and a
woman sitting on the front seat. When
they saw that the accident was inevitable
they screamed and jumped oft and were
lost in the crowd. I am sure that they
will exonerate me if they can be found."
The Oakland Consolidated has been par
liculariy unfortunate in killing people
during the past two years, and nearly all
their fatalities occur in West Oakland. ]
About two years ago a little child named !
Bell was killed almost at the tcene of to- j
night's accident. About a year before !
that little Loren Fox was killed ard within j
the past year three men have also been
killed on the West Oakland branch. The
youthful victims were removed to the
iM'irgue.
At the meeting of the Council to-night
Councilman Towle discussed the accident
and said tiifit he would have an ordinance
prepared c* next week that will make it
comDulsory lor all streetcar companies to j
provide their cars with the latest improved j
brakes and safety guards. An ordinance I
providing for something is now on the
statute-books, but it is not enforced and
there seems to be very little known about i
its provisions.
Councilmen Mott and Towle decided to
have the City Attorney draft an ironclad
ordinance that will leave nothing optional
with the railroad companies.
WON'T PLAY BEFORE MEN
Berkeley Maidens Firm in Their
Stand for Private Basket
Ball.
Students Anxious to Labor— Boating
Booms — High Schools Visit
ation.
BEKKELEY, Cal., March 9.— The co-ed
r>asket-ball players at the university are
anxiously awaiting a reply from the H'an
ford team regarding the chanires of the
condition of the challenge of the latter to
a game so that the clause goversiing the
place of playing will be changed from "on
the Palo Alto com pus" to "indoor and
not before a mixed audience." A letter in
answer to the challenge of the cardinal
1 carers was se:it to their manager by
Manager lirownsill of the lierkeiey team
:asr Friday, but no response to it has yet
been received. It has been intimated to
the Berkeley manager, however, that the
Ma.'iford girls will not change the condi
tion of the challenge governing the place
of meeting, tut that they will stand pat
for their compus as the hcone of battle.
The Berkeley girls are determined in
their purpose of not playinc be'oro the
men, and irom t.e present outlook it
seems that the g;ime wiii not lake place
if the Palo Alto players do not acquiesce
to the wishes of the challenged parties re
garding the point at issue.
The Daily Berkeieyan, one of the Uni
versity of California publications, had tne
following to say to-day with regard to the
l-osition in the' matter ot "place of piay
ing'' as assumed by the Berkeley co-eds:
"The daily papers of late have had con
eidemble to Bay regarding the coruint;
basket- ball contest between California and
Stanford co-eds.
"The writer notices with pleasure the
good judgment and tact of the Berkeley
captian i*J refusing to play before a mixed
auuience. How a game such as was played
on (he Stanford campus can be conducive
to ladylike n^anners and refinement the
writer fails to see.
"The sport in itself is one of the best in
which a lady can take exercise, but as to
playing In the open, before a lot of college
men, it Eeeius to us to be lowering a cer
tain standard of womanhood. It is the
place of the co-ed, with her high educa
tion, to advance womanhood toward the
ideal. I>oes she do this in an open con
test ?
•■There is a quiet undertone around col
lege which is decidedly against the reputa
tion of our university being put in jeopardy
by such a display of advanced woman
hood."
-•t inlriit -!..i)>i>r Agitation.
BERKELEY, Cax., March 9.— The
question of whether the students will be
any more time by the faculty of
the university for completing the work
began on the grounds has given rise to
considerable discussion.
Some of the faculty state that the time
already spent on the work has bad a mate
rial effect in hindering the progress of
their courses of study, and consequently
do not favor granting more time. Others
are willing to give a reasonable amount of
time longer for the completion of the im
profements, since they have been begun.
The students themselves are anxious to
complete the task as originally planned,
and want all -the time that will be neces
sary in order to do it well. It is thought
by some that two and a half days more
will be necessary to finish the ball-com
pleted pieces of excavating and road-mak
ing in an artistic manner. Accordingly
the faculty will be asked for Thursday,
Friday and Saturday morning of this
week. A conference between Regent
Reinstein and President Kellogg will take
place to-morrow, at which it is expected
that some satisfactory conclusion will be
reached in the matter.
Boating Booming.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 9.— lnterest
in boating has taken a sudden start, and if
the weather continues pleasant there will
doubtless be more attention given to this
line of athletic sports during the present
season than at any time heretofore. Two
new pleasure-boats, costing $90 each, have
jiist been completed and turned over to
the oliicers of the association, and the four
oared gig has just had its bottom scraped,
varnished and put into condition for train
ing use. The treasurer reports a surplus
of $300 in the treasury, with good pros
pects for more. The several class crews
are training regularly for the inter-class
championships, which will take place as
soon as the men are in fit condition.
About twenty rive men in all are doing
regular work with the oars at the associa
tion boathouse in Sessions Basin, Oakland
estuary.
High School Visitations.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 9.— Profe«sor
W. A. Merrill of the chair of Latin lan
guages and literature at the State Uni
versity has just returned from a tour of
visitations to the high schools of the State.
Professor Merrill visiied twenty-seven
high schools throughout California.
The professor reports that there is a
general movement among the high schools
toward a four years' course instead of the
present three-year system, and that as
many of the :-chools are now making the
change and will not graduate any classes
this year, the coming freshman class at
the university may be smaller than usual.
Professor Merrill reports the existence
of enthusiastic support of the State Uni
versity in the high schools of the State,
and says that he found it somewhat diffi
cult and embarrassing to account to inte
rior teachers interested for the defeat of
the school bonds election in Berkeley.
A H<ui«o liurncd.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 9.— The resi
dence of Charles Jensen, on Haste street,
between Dana and Telegraph avenue,
burr.cd io the ground to-nmht. The lire i
started at 11:15 o'ciocK, and the cause of ]
it is unknown. Sonic furniture was «aved, '
but the total loss will amount to $3000, half
of which is covered by insurance. Mr.
Jensen was in San Francisco at the time.
The college boys turned out and prevented
the fire from spreading. The water supply
was wholly inadequate to be of any assist
ance in quelling the flames.
DEATH OF MRS. RAMSELL.
Matron of the Stockton Insane
.\-yl urn for Twenty-five
Tears.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— Mrs. Mar
garet E. Ramsell died at the home of her
daughter, Mrs. N. Blake, at Fruitvale Sat
urday afternoon. 1 Mrs. Rumsell was a na
tive of Jefferson, Maine, and came to Cali
fornia twenty -eight years ago. Soon after
ward she became matron of the State in
sane asylum at Stockton, which position
she has faithfully filled for the past
twenty-five years, as a co-worker with
Doctors Shirtlief, Brown and Mayes.
The deceased was the mother of six
childien — a son, who is living in East
Stoneham, Maine, and five daughters, two
of whom are living at Sebastapol, Califor
nia, one at San Bernardino and two at
Fruitvale.
During her quarter of a century in the
Stockton Asylum Mrs. Ramsell made
thousands of friends among the acquaint
ances and relatives of those under her
charge £y her uniform kindness and con
sideration toward those under her charge.
The funeral takes place Tuesday at 1
o'clock p. m. at the Fnutvale Congrega
tional Church, Fruitvale avenue and Six
teenth street.
HISTORY OF A DAI.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
tfrie-f Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, March 9. (
Mrs. Ella Wilmore, mother oi Ben Wilmore,
the boy burglar, charted with receiving htclpti
, ;ias been transferred to the County Jail.
A remittitur came down from the Supreme
Court affirming ihe conviction of Adam
Sclnnegner, who was given forty years in the
.State prison for Incest.
Mrs. Wilmore'N habeas corpus case came up
this afternoon and went over to Friday morn
ing at U:'4(> to permit the hunting up of the
preliminary examination.
, Frank Killean's three days old baby was
found dead in bed this morning. No reason
for its death can be assigned, and it is thought
t hut it rolled over ou its face and smothered.
A bloompr social will be givon by Lyon Be
lief Corps No. 6on next Tue.-duy evening at
Loring Bail, corner of Eleventh and Clay
streets. A fine literary programme has been
prepared.
w. -. flarlow. as commissioner, to-day sold
2.89 acres in the Fitch barf tract on the oan
L«andro n-ad inner a decree of foreclosure in
the euit of Charles T. Htn.cr aerainst J. C.
Winpate and others to plaintiff for $5050 90.
The funeral of Mrs. JI. c. Heald will be held
to-morrow at the Pilgrim Congregational
Church in East Oakland. Mrs. Heald was one
of the oldest residents ol Oakland. For twen
ty-live y.-ars she liTed m the same house on
Ninth avenue near Four:eenth street.
Mr-. White of 44i> Kightn street reported to
the police that Mie lust three diamond rings
while In a crowd in front of the r-eventh and
Broadway local ticket Office. She was jostled
by a yonng fellow, and the rings fell from a
jiurse.antl Mie was unable to find them.
A meeting ».f Hie principals of primary
ciassf.s ji, .-unday-schooLs has been called fo"r
3 :.'{<> p. h. to-morrow, to be htld in the studio
of A. Franer? i^nsirs, on Thirteenth street, o]>
posite the synagogue. It is proposed to estab
lish a union such as exists in other towiis.
Attorney Joseph has assigned his oJaim to
ihe Majurs-Wilmore revolvers -to M. X
Mathews, who has instituted a replevin suit
against <hici Lloyd and District Attorney
Baook. In case delivery cannot be made he
asks for 00 cash and a similar amount as
damages for their detention. • .
The petition to have the National Base Ore
Keduction Company adjudged an involuntary
insolvent has been dismissed The matters be-
been arranged on a basis that will admit of the
resumption of busineb*. Additional capital ,
will be put into the plant, which is locate*-
UK4 < g ,y- ai,> ,uJ v-- 1- 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896.
VALUE IN THE LEDGER
Worth More Than All the
Assets of the Cot
tage.
A STORY ON EVERY PAGE.
Its Custom Was Drawn From the
Bohemian E ement of Two.
Counties.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,^
908 Broadway, March 9. )
W. M. Watson, the wholesale liquor
dealer, had occasion a few days ago to at
tach the little hostelry on Lake Merritt
known in the two counties as "The Cot
tage." For several years Monsieur Du
pont has conducted a thriving business at
the Cottage, but financial depression over
took some of his best customers and
Jacques was the sufferer.
When the attache visited the house
with a Deputy Sheriff to take possession
he did not expect to find a large amount of
this world's goods, but he thought that as
his bill was biggest he was entitled to all
in sight. While making an inventory
the creditor discovered the ledger. A
hasty glance proved what a prize it was,
and from that moment he felt safe. M.
Dupont's debtors were affluent and nu
merous and would only require a hint to
settle and place Jacques on his financial
feet. The ledger was taken away and then
the circus commenced.
No sooner was it known that the Cottage
had been attached than creditors hastened
to turn over their pocket-books looking for
duplicates of i. o. us. Then there was a
scurrying toward the bank. Jacques calmly
shrugged the upper half of his being and
told them that the ledger was gone and he
had no longer any control over his finan
cial affairs.
The ledger shows that the Cottage was a
favorke place for the bohemians of San
Francisco as well as Oakland and the en
tries in the book are varied. Torrid
and frigid birds, mammoth and diminutive
bottles, choice cigars and dainty Turkish
cigarettes, messenger-boys and telephone
service are all included and hackmen were
also in demand. Some of the little lunch
parties must have begun one day and ended
early the next, as the items run from one
day to anotber, while indicating that they
were part of the same event.
Many of the bills were paid by note of
hand, but the givers evidently forgot them
the next morning. Jacques' creditors,
however, did not forget his obligationsand
concluded that the people who had drunk
his wine had a right to pay for it. After
finding that Monsieur could not help them
a visit was made to the receiver, rie was
more accommodating, and several bills
were paid and t c evidence that they ever
existed was blotted out.
Meanwhile Monsieur Dupont is compar
atively light-hearted, lie sees a way out
of the difficulty, and says he can pay all
of his creditors when his debtors make it
possible for him to balance that precious
ledger, and many of them are risking their
limbs in their haste to enable him to do it.
HUNTING FOB GOLD.
Three Parties of Oak landers Now En
Route to Alaska.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— The gold
fever appears to have struck Oakland with
unusual severity this year. Two large par
ties left for Alaska to-day, making three
parties from this city in less than ten days.
The latest to leave goes to Cooks Inlet,
nstead of the Yukon JJiver Valley, where
most of those who are going north head
for. One party is independent, and are
going for a prospecting tour, while the
other is under pay and are to work for a
syndicate. The utmost secrecy has been
enjoined on all, and very few facts have
been made public.
The last named party are in charge of
Edward Guilbault. The members take
hydraulic macbinerj, about twenty head
of horses and at Tacoma the lumber, etc.,
will be taken on board. Dr. C. H. Walker,
who has a coal mine in that vicinity, will
accompany the party, but wlil not leave
until Wednesday nikiht and will join the
vessel at Tacoma. Dr. B. D. Rogers is one
of this party aiso, and he also leaves to
day. Clark Wise, the well-known music
store proprietor, and R. H. Wise, his
father, aUo accompany t!ie party.
In the independent party are Dr. R. K.
Dunn, George Alexander, A. R. Touhy,
A. H. Dutton and Messrs. Rudolph and
Phillips and others. They go fitted out
for mining on their own responsibility.
Mr. Dutton is a well-known newspaper art
ist and will send sketches and accounts of
the journey to his Iriends.
co-opei:ativk association.
To Transact a General Mercantile IIu«.-
iii -- and Establish Stores.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— Articles of
incorporation were tiled to day of the
"Rochdale Association" under the co-oner-
ative assocation act of the last Legislature,
approved March 27, 1895. The principal
place oi business is to be Oakland and the
amount which each member must pay
upon admission to membership is $1. The
amount of $100 in addition to the member
ship fee is the limit which can be paid in
upon any equal share in said co-operative
association. This sum may be paid in
upon small installments as shall be or may
be called and made Dy the board of dircc
tors i/i accordance with the by-laws.
The purpose of the organization is under
stood to be to conduct a general mercan
tile business, establish Btoresand purchase
supplies upon the co-operative plan, simi
lar to that upon whicb the famous Roch
dale stores in England have been such a
conspicuous success and from a srr.all
beginning built up a business that
amounts to millions of dollars annually.
The directors and trustees are .). M.
Moore, Fitchhurg; J. D. Layman and 11. E.
Bush, Berkeley ; O. G. Day, Fruit vale, and
,1. C. Buttner.R. Hesse," M. T. Lattimer.
C. S. Prescott and C. P. Moore of Oakland.
In addition to the above ainoiif the origi
nal incorporators ura James Thompson,
Luther M. Fnck, W. E. Perreau, A. K.
Krueger, L. R. Lee, W. H. Sheets, C. B.
White and G. W. Buttner.
WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS
in Behnlf of Mrs. TV il in (ire to Be Heard
Friday.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— A writ of
habeas corpus was sued out in behalf of
Mrs. Ella Wilmore this morning by her
attorney. The petition sets forth that
Mrs. Wilmore was committed without rea
sonable or probable cause. The writ was
issued by Judge Ogden and was made re
turnable at 2 o'clock. Upcn reading the
petition the court remanded Mrs. Wil
more until 9:30 o'clock Friday. In the
meantime the facts upon which the peti
tion is based will be written up, so as to
be properly presented to the court.
THK BOARD WINS.
- ;;• • '■'"■ • v • ~
Hotly Contested; Election Results in the
Ke-Kleetlon of .the, Old Members. _. :
riAi^r wn ' Pat Marrh q— Frnii,,»u
OAKLAND, Cal., : Marcn 9.—Jmmvale
Sanitary District No. Ire-elected their old
oiHcers* to-day afterione of the warmest
contested electibna that has ever bee'ii held
in the Kounty, and the result isan indorse
ment ol tiSi who formed .the district,
bullt lts sewers, and saw it through the
r st two years of its existence. ,; The offi
4.;ei» fLi-H m«£«ly UckOi.ifMry. Uuu co»*.Hier»t»if«
ill-feeling had been stirred up during the
campaign. There are over 300 registered
voters in the district, and the vote shows
taat moet of them were at the polJs.
The result of the election is as follows:
Sanitary Board— A. C. Fay, People's party
and Independent, 139; J. H. W. Riley,
People's party and Independent, 139; J.
W. Miller, Independent Citizen, 107; W.
G. Thornalley, Independent Citizen, 128.
Sanitary Assessor— P. H.Blake, People's
party and Independent, 154; W. M. Ax
tell, Independent and Citizen, 104.
Messrs. Fay. Kiley and Blake were the
retiring members of the board, and feel
highly elated over the indorsement they
received at the polls to-day.
On Receivers' Certificates.
OAKLAND, Cal.. March 9.— Judge Og
den to-day granted permission for the East
Oakland Street Railroad Company to bor
row $15,000 on receivers' certificates. The
money is to be used in settling the float
ing indebtedness and making repairs, as
well as in placing the roadbed in a better
condition.
The plaintiff in the case is the California
Sale Deposit and Trust Company. They
had inspected the books of the railroad
company and found them in a condition to
warrant making the loan.
Aid Society Aided.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— Mrs. L. C.
Drake, representing the Ladies' Co-opera
tive Aid Society, appeared before the
Board of Supervisors and asked aid in re
furnishing their home, which was badly
damaged by lire recently. She claimed
that the institution had saved the county
much money and was a permanent affair
and therefore deserved the assistance re
quested. It was finally decided to grant
the society $25, Supervisor Church object
ing to any larger sum.
Sealing Vessels Released.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— The sealing
schooners Bowbead and Winchester.which
have been held by the United States au
thorities for several months on a charge
of illicit sealing, have been released by a
special act of Congress. The Sophie Sun
derland. seized at the same time, is yet in
the clutches ol the law. The owner of this
vessel died stiortly alter the seizure, and
the physicians stated that death came par
tially "as the result of trouble caused
tuereby.
Faying Heavy Interest.
OAKLAND, Cal,, March 9.— City Treas
urer GtipiQ received a ietter to-day from
Chicago wuich calls up the redemption of
the $luO,LhiO bond issue of 1874. The bonds
do not mature until 1905, but by a special
provision may be called in on and alter
April 1, 18%. They are drawing 8 per
cent interest. The Finance Committee
and Treasurer will meet soon to devise
means to reneve this expense.
Mandate Againat the. Council.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 9.— Judge
FncK issued a peremptory writ of man
date this morning directed to the Oakland
City Council ordering them to transfer
sumcient money Iroin the general fund to
meet any and all demands that may arise
under an act of the Legislature passed last
April to provide for the exempt firemen.
There was a copy served o:i each member
of the Council.
St. Patrick's Day.
OAKLAND, Cai... March 9.— St. Pat
rick's uay is to be observed in Oakland by
a celebration in Germania Hall. Father
McNally has set the ball roiling by getting
the various local Irish societies to appoint
committees to plan and cany out the uf
fair in a litting manner.
Want Brctz's Place.
OAKLAND. Cal., March 9.— Among
those wno are keeping an eye on the posi
tion of Clifford J. Bretz, Deputy Street
Superintendent, with a view to securing
the plum for thenis. lvos if a change is to
be made are C. \V. Brown, L. M. Frick,
J. P. Paulk and A. M. Bukar.
ALAMEDA'S INJUNCTION.
The Point at Issue Likely to
Be Raised at the Outset
on Demurrer.
Claims to Have Been Poisoned, but
It May Have Been Some
thing Else.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 9.— City At
torney Taylor filed to-day on behalf of the
city a demurrer to the complaint upon
which an injunction is prayed for, per
petually restraining the Municipal Board
from expending a large Bum of money on
an incandescent electric light plant, as is
now proposed. The demurrer may bring
up at once trie vital point in the proceed
ing, to wit: Whether the Municipal Board
baa the legal right to eng&ge in' the com
mercial business of selling electric light.
It is in statutory form, and avers that the
complaint does not state facts to constitute
a cause of action. A hearing: thereon will
be had before Judge Fricknext Monday.
Claims to Have Been Poianned.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 9. ' — Frank
Phillips, a young plumber, thinks that he
was poisoned last Saturday night. He
drank a glass of beer in Spies & Wanver s
saloon, 1313 Part street, upon the invita
tion uf two strangers. Very soon after
swallowing the beverajye he was taken vio
lently ill, with all the symptoms of
poisoning. A physician was called in and
find hard work in fetching him around.
Wiiat the poison was if tbere was any, or
what motive anybody would have to give
it to the young man, does not appear at,
all. It is so improbable that there are
those who ;Hscredu the whole story.
Church Anniversary.
ALAMEDA: C.1., March 9.— The thir
tieth anniversary of the organiza
tion of the First Presbyterian Church
and the twenty-eighth of its occu
pancy of its church building at the corner
of Versailles and Central avenues was cele
brated last Sunday. The congregation
was very large and the pastor, Key. F. S.
Brash, recounted the history of the soci
ety. It was organized with twelve mem
bers. When the church edifice was erected
there were twenty-rive. Rev. F. L. Nash
was the hrst pastor. Charles EL Bowen,
the San Francisco grocer, was one of the
first board of trustees. The church is now
• lie the most flourishing of any of the reli
gious bullies of Alameda.
Larks n Kestaurant.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. March 9.— lt is not
often that a hungry man cannot, find a
restaurant wherever he may b»: placed, but
now it is reported the electric railroad rn^n
at the West End. in the vicinity of the
power-house, have no handy restaurant.
A short tyue ago the restaurant -whkih
they patronized was closer! for non-pay
ment of rent. Steps are, therefore, being
taken to reopen the place.
A Boy Injured.
ALAMEDA. Cal., March 9. -The eight
vear-old son of Enoch Crozer, residing at
1523 Bay street, was kickel by a horse on
Sunday* and so badly injured that for a
time his recovery seemed to be a question.
He was leading tbe horse by the halter,
when it wniled and kicked him in the
head. It is feared that concussion of the
brain will supervene.
Three Parrels of I. ami Begging.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 9.— At Satur
day's sale of property delinquent for mu
nicipal taxes three parcels were left over.
They were offered airain to-day, but found
no bidders.
Orchestral Society Concert.
BERKELEY, Cal., March " 9.— The
Berkeley Orchestral Society has be«un
preparations for their next concert, to be
held in Shattuck Hall on April 17. So
successful was their last concert that
numerous reqcwU have been made to re
peat-several of the selections at the next
PRIMARY OR APPOINTEES
Pardee's Friends Circulate a
Petition for a Public
Expression.
SENATOR DENISON CONFIDENT
The Race for St. Louis Honors Being
Eagerly Fought in Alameda
County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 9. f
The Alaraeda County representatives of
the Third Congressional District commit
tee are about evenly divided as to whether
to appoint delegates to the State Conven
tion to nominate delegates to St. Louis or
to call' primaries.
The Alameda men have held an in
formal meeting and opinions were divided.
Messrs. Lone, Morrison and Ingler favor
appointment and Messrs. Morrow, Taylor
and Earl are in favor of primaries. A dis
cussion was held, but nothing definite was
done and will not be until Senator Earl
calls a formal meeting to consider the
matter.
The following petition is being circu
lated to-day and from the ma:iy names
attached to it, it is certain that Dr. Pardee,
who is the rival of Senator Denison for the
honor of going to St. Louis, is in favor of
primaries:
To the honorable the members of the Third Con
gressional District Committee— Gentlemen: We,
the undersigned members of the Republican
party of Alameda County, interested in its
success at the coming National electioTi and
anxious to have harmony prevail, hereby
earnestly petition that you call a primary for
the selection of delegates to the State Conven
tion, which will soon assemble at Sacramento
for the purpose ol selecting delegates to the
National Convention to meet at St. Louis.
We believe that the question of the selection
of delegates to the State Convention should be
submitted to the Republicans of the county,
and that their expression and preference given
at the polls in a harmonious contest will
strengthen the party in this county. We be
lieve it unwise for your committee to take
upon themselves the responsibility of naming
the delegates.
Senator Denison said to-day that he does
not care whether primaries or not are de
rided upon at the meeting called for next
Saturday. He says he believes his posi
tion is secure and he expresses confidence
that his friends will land him a winner
for the Republican National Convention.
Among those who have expressed them
selves in favor of primaries are:
C. G. Dodge, E. A. Nordhausen, R. F. Crist,
J. Ureenhood, Albert Brown, L. H.'firiggs, H.
O. Trow bridge, \V. \V. Wucher, C. L. Hewes, 6.
Metcalf, Victor Metcalf, J. H. Smith, C. G.
Hardy, N. A. Kosf-r, \\". P. Thomas, E. P. Van
dereook, Joseph Harrison, James A. Johnson,
F.. A. Leach, F. C. Jordan, John Yule, W. H.
Gartbwaitc, J. E. 'Johnston, John Mitchell, B.
K. Armstrong, J. C. Gilson, W. G. Palmauteer,
F. J. Woodward, R. W. Snow, F. V. Wood, H.
D. Cushing, C L. Maxwell, G. B. Daniels, J. L,.
I. yon, F. Sinclair, F. W. Fry, Thomas Jeffress,
Stephen O. Nye, J. B. Richardson, "E. B. Taylor,
M. A. Whiddon, John A. Robinson, J.anies
Jeffress.
County Clerk Jordan is working hard
for the primaries. "There will be no ex
pense attached to it in the Seventh Ward,"
said Mr. Jordan to-night. "The feeling in
favor of primaries is ho general that polling
places can, 1 know, be secured free of
charge, and clerks of election will also vol
enteer their services."
REV. SCOTT'S RECORD.
The Latest Victim Heard from Is
a Lady Living 'at
Vallejo.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 9. j
Two letters were received in Oakiand to
day ttiat show that Rev. C. H. Scott has
carried on his swindling operations in all
parts of the State. Mrs. J. Chamberlin
writes to A. J. MacMunrie, from Vallejo,
stating that "he swindled me," and she
war/ts to add her testimony to that of Mac-
Murtrie when the case comes to trial.
Although H. C. Scott still maintains that
he only borrowed MacMurtrie's outfit,
Rev. O. Pierce of Pomona testifies differ
ently. In a letter received to-day he says
that Scott sold him a valuable magic lan
tern outfit for $20. MacMurtrie says it
was. worth $200, but as it did not fit Mr.
Pierces lantejn apparatus Scott let it go
cheaper.
\mong Scott's effects which were brought
with him from Los Angeles by Detective
Holland were a large- number of posters
announcing a lecture on Alaska, "Uncle
Sam's Ice Box," by "H. C. Scott, Li. B,"
He also had a notebook containing. a large
number of press clippings aoout "Profes
sor H. C. Scott's" lectures and stereopti
con views. Also In the notebook was an
entry to the effect that the writer had de
cided to siart from I^os Angeles to make a
trip around the world without spending
any more money than he made. The first
entry is October L'B, and states that the
writer left Los Angeles with just enough
money to pay his fare to Kedlands. Here
he stayed for a month, making $40 and
spending $30. The next entry is the Nee
dles, where a warrant overtook him. Scott
will have his preliminary examination to
morrow.
Senior Team Defeated.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 9.— The
freshman nine defeated the, seniorteam in
a baseball game this afternoon on the
university diamond by a score of 15 to 10.
AUCTION SALES.
i FIRE L\DERWRITER,V SALE.
Jeremiah Noonaii's Stock of Goods Ite-
moved to 773 Market Street,.
Near Fourth. ...'■'; '»
On WEDNESDAY tho lth and THURSDAY
the 12tb days of March, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
we will commence this immense sale, with about
50 Barr ouliits and 600 Kans;es and Stoves, new
»nd. secoart-ha.Hl. ■.- Batance : of the salvage slock
will be sold from day to day as quickly as it can b»
removed, which will be adverti.-ed in the morninir
par,ers. ■ ' • :■•.:.,■" ■ .....
On account of the daraape done by. the fire to
Noom:n's store • it has boon found insecure. ■, We :
liave for this reason ri'culved orders from the Pa-,
clflc Coast Fire Underwriters •■ to remove the KOOds I
to 773 Market s'.. anl there for their account sell j
lo the highest bidder the •salvage. of about $10,000
worth of Furniture, Carpets, Ranges, -Bedding and**
goods too numerous to describe. ■■: . ;
Indr.uiii Auction. Co. ,- lao butter, R. 13.
- •:.; B. M. BIUDSALL. Propr. .
. ■ 11. .1. r.p:i-rnr.r,i7. Aiic'-.i'tn-fr. '
i/^ ~^%: Dr.jSibbon's Dispensary^ ;
Ms<&jft& 02*5 KEAKJIYCT. Established
K*S*SSffl in I*s* for the treatment of Private !
§ Diseases. Ix>st Manhood. Debilitvor
<»2.*»KEAIiarYJ«T. Established
in 1!H34 for the treatment of Private
Disease*. Lost Manhood. Debilitvor
mt WSffi&Sn di.-ease wearing on bod vandmindaad
"*.«siS^*L'Si Skin Disesises Tbedoctorcureswhen
l2£r>irt?*-£f otDO1 9 fall - Try him. Clmrges low.
WBEi&iZSiia <'nr*<»griiarani««*«l. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. F.WIBBOBI, Bom lt»»7.3an Franclaco>_
.:''; IMiIL NOTICES. • ..
fOTICB -TO CHEDITuRy— ESTATE OF
ll WILLIAM A. vmOßEUX,' deceased — No-
tice Is hereby Liven by the undersigned, ELIZA-
BETH a. VICJOREUX,* executrix of the last
will nnd testament of WILLIAM A. VIuO-
RKUX,' deceased,', to; the creditors .of, and ■ all
persons having: claims again the said deceased,'
to exhibit them with tha necessary vouchers wiih-
in ten months after the first publication of this no-
tlceto the said .ELIZABETH A. VIGORE UK, at
1t509y3 Turk si reet, the same being- the place tor
the transaction of the business of the said estate,
in the City and County of San Francisco, suite of
California. - ' ; '" ■'■". " ' •
' -ELIZABETH A. VIGOREUX,- executrix of
the estate Of WILLIAM A. VIGOREUX, ; de- '
ceased. - '. ■ i s ; -'• rV -■ '•'..■■•"-•;■- :■. ■: :
• Dated at San Francisco, February 24, 1896. . .
.' -': USJUUX K. UlUiiiUJii »u«M(aa>- tar «*t«uirix. ■
• ■ . :://\ jw^ auction sales._^^-^
BY ORDER OF
HON. ADOIPH SDTRO.
14 CASH.
TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896,
At IS ML. Sharp, at
513 CALIFORNIA ST,
0. L Blocks 225 and 224
FRONTING POINT LOBOS, 43d, 44th and 45th AVENUES,
'_) CUMEin ..-•' sfREET .
V|"* 'zo 1 •xo \S /CJ '3.0 I 'zo v
M ■ /8. /9 ■ <\ «\i /6 /7 ■ <\!
i /7 ZO •'■ ■ ■ /S /£____!
v^ ' — : v—u — y.. 1 ••■'" (9 —
\ ; *s zz \^ * /3 ZO • l^,
- /* ZZ\S 4 3 /2 2*4 3/ •
■ /3 1 ■J* ■(* X // 22 '
t ; /2 26 { to 23 •
i I " 2(i (; I ', 9 I 24
yb to 1 *7 » 8 *
~n r~i 1 \to7-6 ?o «o v-
3 * %^s 1f 1 k —;- -^ *
>&Oao — J
Only 1000 feet from Sutro Heights, close to Station of Sutro and California
Street Railroads. The peerless New Cliff, the world-renowned Baths
and the couutless attrnctions of that vicinity.
IN FULL VIEW OF THE PACIFIC OCEAN.
Catalogues, Diagrams and Full Particulars, at
YON RttEIN & CO., Auctioneers, sl3 California Street.
AUCTION SALES.
FORCED SALE.
£»> .^s
Bug^s. ha.k-. Cans.
-A.T AUCTION,
SATURDAY.
Saturday March 14, 1896
At 11 o'clock,.oii the premises,
2432 CALIFORNIA STREET,
' ■W'K WIIiI> SELL . '
The Entire Contents of T. J. Sollivan's
Stables,
:,'.'* ;.'...'. coxsiaTixo 0r....
Lease, good will, etc., and 25 head Al Livery and
Carriage Horses: 4 flue five-glass Landaulet Car-
riages, latest styles: '2 Coupes: Open and Top Sur-
reys; Phaetons; Open and 'lop Buggies; Carts;
40 sets Sinacle and Double Harness: Saddlery,
liobes, Biank»ts, etc. .
Also, the Office Furniture, including grand Com-
bination .-'life. . ,
Sain positive, rain or shine. No limit, no re-
serve. Every aric'.e sold separately.
SULLIVA.N& DOYLE, Llvmrock Auctioneers.
-•■..■■-■■ QiHce— 327 Sixth street.
AUCTION SALE.
£& fe*s %£S 'fe
TUESDAY, MARCH 10,
At 11 o'clock,
I will sell the entire contents of Tattersall's Sta-
ble, corner Geary and Leavenworth streets, 30
head Horse?, 25 Bußgies. 4 Delivery Wagons, 6
Carts, 3 Surries, 2 Phaetons, 25 sets Single and
Double Harness. ' •
S. WATK I \S, Auctioneer.
" RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRAi\CISCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of. Market 9k>
San Fram-isco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40. 9:20, 11:00 a. X.; 12:35
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 r. m. Thursdays— Extra trl*
at 11:30 p. M. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. .
SDKDAYS-8.00. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; i:?C, 3:3 a
6:00, 6:20 P.M.
• San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6.2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. *.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1 :55 p. M. and 6:35 p. M. '.aaagjfltiwufiii^ d
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, S:40l
5:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam*
schedule as above. ■
I>eave Tn nftol Arrive
San- Francisco. Oct. 28.V San Franclsca
. Week I Snx- y, Julian. SnN- ' I Wb *«
Days. I days, Destination. AYg . | Days.
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 am
3:30 PM 9:30 am Fetaluma, I 6:05 PM 10:30 AM
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm tf.la PM
- ;-. ■ ~~\ ~~ Fulton,
7:40 am! . Windsor, ' 10:S0aM
.>• •'.•-' : v .'' • Healdsburij, ■
■!■ •-..• ... Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
:. ■• ' Pieta, • - -"
■ • ■ Hopland Sl •
8:00 am: Ukiah. 7:30 PM 6:15 FM
7:40 am! " - I 10:30 am
'£ ■'■•■- - 18:00 am Guerneville. 7:3ofmi .
S:3O pm I : *:■ | , • . I 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sono:na ; 10:40 am ■ 8:00 am
5:10 pm 5:00 I'M and : 6:05 pm 6:16 PM
 : ■ j ....-.-, . •'■ i Glen Ellen. ] . . ,_j -.'.■.-
-7:4oam|B:ooam| hß< . torlo , 110:40 10:30 am
3:30 5.Q0 pm| .° c . bftstopol - | 6:05 pml 6:15 pm
ronnprt nt San Rafael for Boltnas. y' • ,"
Stages counect at Cloverdale for the Geysers. ■
Ktajtes connect at Pleta for Highland .Springs,
K'lseyville, Lakeport. " * •-' > ' **■■: ■
. Stcges connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Blae
Lakes, Laurel Dell. t'pp«r Lake; Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bras?, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Wllletts, Calpella, Porno. Potter Valley, Joha
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly. Valley, Harris, Sco;la
and Euroica.
i Saturday te Monday round-trip tickets at reduced '
On Sunday* round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
■ Ticket OfHcs. 660 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITIXO, . B.X.RYAN,
' ' Uen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent.
50RTn PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, oeginning October 27, 1895.
, WEKKD'AYS. • -
For Mill Volley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 9:15, 11:00
M.: 1:45, 3:45, 6:15, 6::;0 p. K.
San Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 a. m. : I:4b, 5:15 p. M.
Extr.t trips ior.San i Katael on Mondays, Wednea-
Cays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. :
1 , • ■,• ■: SUNDAYS. ■;• ,■""■ ; -"-. -
For Mill Valley, San » Kaf ael and San Quentln—
8:00,10:00,11:30 a.m.; 1:30, 3:00, 4:30, *8:15
- r. M. *L»oes not run to Sau Quentin. :
THRO4JGH TRAINS.
1 T:3O a.m. weeltdays— Caradero and way stations.
, 1:4.~> r. m. P-.: uruayr— Tomalea and way stations. >
,*«**- m. buadays— Point Reyes am 4 9sye(*Uoaa •
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•OUIMMIJI PACIFIC COBPaBI.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.^ t^)
Tr*lM« leave utiil nre <lv« to atrrlve m»
•HAN I'UANCIKCO.
lkavk — FKOM NovgareEß 20, 1895. — aurivji
"6:3Ua Hayward3, Nile3and Way Stations.. 1O:I3a
7:<»Oa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogdcn and Kast.. 8:45*
7:00 a. Benicia, VacaTille. Rurcscy. Sacra-
mer.to, ccd Redding via Davis ... 7:13p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calia.
togaand Santa Roe% 6z15»
SilOa fSu.li .Ifi.ie, Btocktnn, lone.
Sacramcato, JlarysTillc. Ucd Clutt
and Sundays excepted Oroville.... 4:1.1p
•8:3Oa Teters and Milcou *7:lBp
9:OOa. Kan Leandro, Heyvr&rds & Way St'os 11:43 a
9:OOa Los Angeles Kxprcss, Ilaymond,
(for Yosemite). Santa Barbara
and Los Ancelcs. 4»4lJ*>
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:45 a
1O:OO.\ San Lcacdro, Ilaywards and Niles.. 1:43p
1 2:00 m Saa Leandro, wards 4 Way St'ns 2:45 ip
I:OOp Niies, San Jcso and Livermore 8:43 a
•1:00p Sacramento River Steamers »9:OO*
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:4»p
3:00p Sau Leandro. Haywardsi Way St'ns 3:43*
4:O«p Leandro, Uay wards & Way St'ns oi43*
4:00p Martinez, Hau Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa. Oalistoga. Xl V'erano and
SantaKosa - ItMt
4:*#* Benieia, Esparto, Woodland, > •
- Knights Landing, Marysville,
OroTille and Bacramento I*i4S*
4iBtp Kile3, San Jose, LiTcrmoro and
Stockton 7«13»
5:00p Leandrc, Haywarda Way Rt'ns 8:43*
8:8Vp Kew Orleans Exprecs.Fresuo, Bakers-
lieM. fciauta Barbura.J.os Angeles,
Demlng, El Paso, Orleans and
East.... il«i4BA
. 8:30p Santa Fo Route, Atlanlio Express
, for Mojavo aud Kost 10:43 a
•:00r European Mail, Ogdeu Kast.... I»a
6:OOp Hii\ .ii'<lh, Niies and San Jose 7:43 a
}7:oo°i' Va11ej0...... f7:45*
7:OOr Oregon lOxpresa, Sacramenta, Marjß-
vill-.', Itetlding, rortlaiul, Pugct
Soiuidand Ka5t .................. 10i43a
7:OOp Saa Leandro, Haywardst Way St'ua 1O:5O*
U:OOp San Leandro, Hay wardsS Way Stns ItlSs«»*
*lfl«sp " B;insL-t liattsd," Fresno, Los
• Angeles, El Pftso, New Orleans
■ and East.... §PW4«*
fflltlßr aanLcandro.HayirardgtWayKt'ns 7:la*
SASTAfIUIZ DIVISION (Narroir Gnnjre).
Bil«Va tervine.N.in. l I'elton,
Boulder Crcok, Cruz and Way
5tati0n5.,................:.:. 5iM«
•8:13p Newark. CentcrTille, Ban Jose. No*
Aluiadcu, Felton, Uoiilder Cr.-ek,
'.": Santa Cnu ai:d Viiucipal Way
Stations t. »lliaO4
4:15p Newark, Son .lose and I.os Catos.... 0:30 a
411:43r Uur.ltrs' K-Tcursion, Ban Jose imd
'.Vny Staiioas. ' V7-.Z9T
CO AST l»l VISION. (Iliird A. Tounscnii Slh.) '
| 6:45 a Sen Josa nml Wny bUtious (New
• ' Almadcu Wednesdays 0n1y),..:... 1:43*
•iISA.Sau .loso, Tres I*l uus, BantaOrus,
I'a.iiic Grors, Paso Robler, Bau
Liiis Ol)ispo. Gnadalnpe and JVin-
c;i>;>l Wiiy Stations ...» 7:0»p
. lO>4Oa SuiJusa'aiul Wny Stations 5:00p
| 11:45 a Talo Alto aud Way Stations :»:»•!
*2:3<>r Him .lose, Gilroy, Tres I'inou, Santa
Cj nz, Salinas, Monterey and I'ucilic
Crnvo.... «IO:4Oa
: *n:SOp and l'rinclpal Way Stations M:47*
; MiSOi'HonJosoainl Way Statfons... *H:OGn
' S:;;i)p San Jose and Wny Stations.. *M:ISa
6:t:oi«San Joso Way PtfiHong StSSa
, ♦ll:4si»San Jobp Wny Stnt.loim... 4?;4.'V»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Proa fiiKCISCO— Foot of Mirkct Street (Slip 8)—
•7-11 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl:OQ *2:3Q t3:M
•4:00 JB:OO *6:03p.u.'
ftom OAKLiHB— Fsot of Br»»dw«j— •6:00 8:£»
10:00 a.m. UC:IO '1:00 tS:OO *3:CO Jt:C3
•*3:OGI'.M. - -■, ■ ■■■■ '■ ■ ■- • ■ ■.
' A for Morning. L \7~ P for Afternoon. '
' * Suudayii excepteil ■ - t Saturdays onlf.
, • • < • t Sundays only.
' t \ Monday, Thurauay and ( .urflay nights only.
• VTuasdays aud Saturdays Sundays auuTbundaj*.
I , ,
I
Atlantic '^§fi|iD
RAILKOAD l^ff
Trains leave from and arrivs <^3^ißv'fE &B?J
at Market-Street Ferry. xS&£m&Sjs^\
SANTA PE EXPKfc^^
To Chfcago via A. & P. Direct Line
leaves every day at 3:30 P.M.. carrying Pnl man
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to-,Chlca?»
▼!a Kansas City without change. Annex cars ie
I Denver and St. Louis. ■ -_—»-#«
CHICAGO LIMITED,
'From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally,. with Dinlng-caT%
under Harvey s management. . Connecting train*
leave San Francisco at 9 a. v. and 3:30 p. v. daily.
The best railway, from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dnst: Interesting /cenery |
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dlni»|p
""'''llcket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chroniclo Butluing.
: ■*•■'■■'■ '■« a laxative refreshing res
111 II R fruit lozenge. •
| mil nil very a?r"i>uh:i> to take.
; " "■ " CONSTIPATION
' hemorrhoids, bile, .
I U II I If Al loss of appetite, {rastric an 4
SFaIB B s" Im intestinal troubles and
B 11 ssf I *• II headache arising
; '■■ * ' ■ from them.
Allll I All ' E - GRILLOX,
SiKSI I IBIm 33 Rue dcs Archives, Par!s»
1 llilila&siVfti Said to •«' Uruggut*.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Fran Cisco Caul—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay : open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hnyes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets, open
Until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
H^^^cTLirORNIA chapter NO. 3, •
E^R A. M.. will meet THIS (TUEs- A,
DAY') EVENING. March 10, at 7:3o^Jf
o'clock. M. M. degree. By order of the ,V>
H P. FRANKLIN fi. DAY. Secretary.
K-^sf» PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. AND j»
W3? \ M., 121 Eddy St., meets THlS^^_
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. First <letree. /SL3\
GEORGE PEN LIN<?TON, secretary. f^V j,
«--3- ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. ■
&^ and A. M.— Third decree '•'HlS_»*_
(TUESDAY) BVKMNG. at 7:30 o'clock.
v a. S. lIUBBAKD. Secretary, >v'
m^SS m GOLDEN HATE LODGE No 30, jB
JS^ F. and A. Called meeting TH IS _^%_
(TiTESDAY) EVENlNti.. March 10, at 7:3o^_«
o'clock.D. 2. A. s. HUBF.AKD, Secretary. |
rs> PARKEB LODGE, I. O. O. < g2^ys,
Si-^y F.— Members take notice. Final _$528Rj_;
consideration and adoption of new by-
laws this evening.. ,^ QBARY JR f y %,
J. L. GEARY JR., N. G.
Ht^S 3 A. O. H. DIVISION NO. 7-THE^h
C&2S' regular quarterly meeting of above VX V OX//
division will be held in Irish-American j«,\Oj/
Hal! THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, gC\ffi?
March 10, 8 o'clock, .'rompt auendance. *^C<&
Important business. M. G. sEAKS, Pres.
P. Qcinx, Rec. Sec. j '
B^g* NORMAN LODGE NO. 1841. K. OF U.—
t£Z& Theotiicers and members are hereby noti- j
fied to attend the funeral of our late brother, P. 1
Diet J. E. DONOVAN", from his residence, 29
t.arden St.. TO-DAY (Tuesday). March 10. at 8:30
a. m. sharp. By order^ J. PANS, Reporter.
iE_s= W. J. COLVILLE LECTURES IN LOK-
tt^^ IUK Hall, Eleventh and Clay sts., Oakland,
TO-DAY at 3 p. M. on "Mental Science In the
Home; the Law of Domestic Harmony.." At 8
r. M. "The Philosophy of S-.vedenborg; Its Rela-
tion to Human Happiness." Hckets2sc: 3 for 50c.
r£^» ANNUAL MEETING —T H i*$ B
E-^ regular annual meeting of the stock- t^C
holders in the A. o. F. Hall Association of Jf \
S:i.n Francisco will be held in Excelsior C_—
Hall, A. O. F. building, 10_ O'Farrell St., San
Francisco. Cal.. on SATURDAY, the 14th day of
ilarch, 1896, at 7:30 p M.
JOHN HENDERSON, President. j
J. Falconkr. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTIC-Bb.
m^fp BAD "T_NANT» _JECTEi> -TO-Pf- ; ;
Bfc^6 collections made, city or country. Pacific i
Collection Co., 415 Montsy st., 1 room 6. Tel. 5580. j
jFi^lF WINDOWS CjuKANKD ANt> FLOORS ;
Bfc^*^ scrubbed, reaso_able rates: payment for |
dsmages cuaranteed. C. ROtSSI _ CO.. 242 Sutter. |
WtlSr* MME. HANSEN anT> ASSISTANTS—
tsr-£' Electric. vaior. salt wnterha;hs. 116Tavlor.
SiXVA'I lONS VI AN i KI)-1'EMALE.
ADIEB! for A first-class servant j
J see J. F. CRQSETT <fc CO., 312 Sutter st.
/■COMPETENT GERMAN COuK AND HOURE-
VJ work cir; wants situation: best references;
city or country. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sutter st.
pOMPETENT FRE N CH WAITRESS AND i
\J seamstress wants, situation; or as nurse: best j
references; city or country. MIsS CULLEN, 323 j
Pu:terst. ■ i
OUNG WOMAN WANTS HOUSEWORK,
1 cleaning or laundry work by the day. Call or
address 766 Folsom st.
/COLORED WOMAN WANTS PLACE HOUSE- I
\J work and plain cooking: cau give refer. -nee. i
26 Bernard, oiT Taylor, bet. Pacific and Broadway. \
pOLOKED WOMAN WISHES DAY WORK,
\J washing or housecleaniug or washing to do !
home. Address C, box 98, Call Ofllce.
pELIABLE WOMAN WANTS sTfUATION
Jt as working housekeeper; Is good cook and
peanistres*: no objection to children. Call or ad-
dress 731 Folsomst.
pIKL LATELY' FROM THE EAST WOULD j
VT do general housework and cooking; city or
country. 1236 Bush st.
EESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES TO DO
housework or naiad children. Address 1505
Broderick st., upstairs.
pESPECTABLE SWEDISH GIRL WISHES
J t situation as plain cook and housework.- Piease
call for _ days at 705 Stevenson st., near Ninth.
WUMAX WANTS WORK by the day
'' washing or housework. Call or address 661 i
Howard st. . .
GIRL. 18, WANTS TO DO HOUSEWORK: $9.
1170 Market, room 96.
■\\f ANTED— BY ELDERLY WIDOW, POSI-
»' t ion in respectable family to assist in general
housework and care of baby; high wages iiot
looked for. Call 310 Hyde st.
SITU ATION WANT E D~BY NEAT GERMAN
girl for upstairs worK. Call at 181b Ellis st.
WOMAN WAN SF WASHING OR HOUSE-
• » cleaning by the day. Inquire Folsom st.
pE^PECTABLE WOMAN WIfcHES TO GO
Ja out working by the day, washing, ironing,
honseclearnng or nursing; $1 per day. Addrebsor
call 133 Twenty-sixth st.
ITUATiON W NT I)B V A MIDDLE-AGED
catholic woman in a small Catholic family: is
very good cook and has best of references. Address
D. F., box 104, Call uliice.
PELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
Xt as cook for few men or will do chamberwork.
Address A., box 18, Call.
ITUATION WANTED BY AN AGED WOM-
SITUATION WANTED BY AS AGED WoM-
an to do housework; wages no object. Applj
Bt 107 ■■■ iliiam st. -
ADY WISHES TO DO SWEEPING OR
olain washing by the day. 663 -viint.a st.
TYRESSMAKER; GOOD CUTTER AND FIT-
\J tcr: wishes work in families or will do any
kn.d of s'-wtug. Apply 623 Howard St., bet. Sec-
ond and Third.
OMI'hTKNT WOMAN WHO CAN DO
\J French or American cooking wants situation;
is tirst-class lr.undrt-ss; fond of children; will work
in city or country in neat family moderate wages.
Call 749 Howard st.
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS PLACE TO
V.J do light housework; good plain cook; good
reference; city or country; country preferred;
moderate wages. Call ■_ days, 28 South Park.
pELIABLE WOMAN W LSUEB TQ DO WASH-
XX ing and ironing by the day. Address 30 Fran_.-
l.n St., in bakery.
pELIABLE LADIES' NURSE WISHES A
IX lew more engagements. Address 30 Fr&nklin
St., in bakery.
EbPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS A PLACE
as working housekeeper; good cook. Address
MKs>. _t___BACU; 18 Lewis st.
rpKAINED NURSE, SCOTCH. WISHES KE-
X • en?asemvnt as ma.*seuse or in", medical, sur-
gical and mental diseases; lady or gentleman ;
would go by the nour to patient's residence; terms
moderate. Call 441 McAllister st.
KESPEI TABLiL YOUNG WOMAN WITH A
cinid wisiies a situation 10 do housev.orK ; coun-
try preferred. Address R. V., box 137, Call. I
V OUNG LADY WI3HE-* SITUATION IN
J hotel as waitress or seamstress. Please call at
150 Fourth St., room 28.
\\r OM A > would like washing AND
■ *» ironing to do at home. Call or addre.s 13i>
Minna st.
81 1 I A TION BY YOUNG WOMAN: GOOD
0 cook or laundress; or would do ohamberwork.
1243 Mission st. - •
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
situation to do was'ning and plain cooking. 20
Eleventh St., near Market.
IKL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
erul housework in private family. ' Apply 717
Twenty-second st., near Valencia. !
AUY' WIMIES SITUATION AS LADIES'
nurse or invalid. 123 Twenty-sixtn St., corner
Capp. -. " .
1 ADY WISHES TO DO WASHING, IRONING
XJ or bousecleaning by the day. 123 Twenty-
sixth St., corner Capp.
V OUNG GIRL "W ISHES A SITUATION TO DO .
X general housework. Apply to 17 Dehone st.,
bet. Church and Sanchez. . -
WISS GITIL WANTS SITUATION; GEN-
eral housework in private family. Helvetia
Hotel. 431 Pine st.
pERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
\J general housework and cooiiing. Call from 10
to 3, at 8-3 Harrison st. ; no postals.
pELIABLE WOMAN" WA N 1 CHAMBER-
XX work: sleep home. Address W., box 91, this
olhce. v
ituations WANTED y~Z~x umber OF
good, respectable girls; cooking and house-
work; young neat second girl. HVi Antonio »t
OiT Jones, near Ellis. .
•yOUNG ' WOMAN WANTS /PLACE AS
X housekeeper; city or country. Call or address
_8 se .entli st., room S6. ■ • ' . *
pESPECTABLE GEHMAS GIRL WOULD
X\i like to go East or to Europe, takinc care of in-
valid or children: expenses to be paid only _lo
wages expected. T. E-, box 19, Call oJHce.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN DESIRES A*SlT-
uation to do light housework; wages $10 to
$15; city or country. . Call 829 a. Howard St., nr.
4th, Ist Hoot; no postals. v^-
pESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL WANTS A
XX place for general housework or upstairs work
and sewing; wages $i-'O to $25. A. _S., box 114
Call Office. _______ ■ " '
DRESSMAKER WISHES A FEV> ENGAGE-'
XJ mentsby the day; cuts aud refits; $1 25 per
day. Please apply 843 Pago St., nr. Scott.
OOD DRESSMAKER N D SEAMSTRESS
** wants place in private family for . sewing and
chamber-work. Address O, Box 104.
pOMPiiTENT YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUA-
'\J tion 'as chambermaid in hotel ' : or s rooming-
boase. Please call lVg Russ st., near Howard." -..-
pELIABLE WOMAN WOULD like TO go
XL East as nurse to an invalid or children; fare
for services. Address M., box 104, Call Office.
V EAT "RE LI ABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
iV place .' as working housekeeper for a smali
family ; < reaso nable wages, Address K. b., 826
PTTFATIONS WANTKlV^Contlnuwrt^
A MERICAN- WORKING house kef, per
A wants a situation, Call or address a Mastick
terrace, Alameda. ■ i '
(COMPETENT KINDERGARTENER W H
\ J speaks, German fluently wishes a governess po-
sition. Address D., box 104, CalUunce.
T ADIES' NURSE WISHES A FFW MORE
JJ eugag mentß. Address Mirge, 408 Gough st.
\\r a ntkiTb yTompjet e n t woman to do
VV. housework; is good cook and laundress; good
bread and biscuit maker: don't mind large family;
city or counirv. 8 Anthony St., Off Missiou, near
Second^ ■ . ; —
T7INE READER WISHES TO READ TO AN
XJ invalid; will give lessons in elocution at hours.
Address E. box 16, Call uflice.
OITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
O waitress: good references. Address 195 Hyde.
riOMP'FTENY" WOMAN DESIRKS SEWING:
\J plain sewing or children's clothes: $1 a day
machine furnished if necessary. Seamstress, 418
Ellis sc .__ -
L'aDYOF REFINEMENT, AGE 35, WISHES
position as housekeeper; wiJower; ttrown-up
family: country preferred. MRS. 8.. box 80, Call.
REBPEOTABJ-E MIDDIOS - AGED LA i>Y
would like to «aXe full charge of lodging-house;
references if required. Call or address 4 _ Yerba
Bucna St., oil Clay, bet. Mason aud Taylor.
}'__PERIBNCED DRESSMVKEH* AND DE-
XU signer desires work by the day in families or
at home; exquisite rittiug. Address New York
City, box 98, Call Office.
M~ IDDLE - AGED. AMERICAN. WOMAN
wishes a position as housekeeper; country pre-
ferred. Address MRS. BLANK, Stockton, Cal.
I?XFerTkNCED Dit I>SM AKEK DES IRES
-_ few more engagements ■by the day; terms
$176. Address IO.'O Geary st.
yOUXG GIRL WISHES A POSITION FOR
1 housework and plain cooking. Please call or
address 128 Silver st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WHO CAN DO
\J French or American cookiDg wants situation;
is first-class laundress; fond of children: will work
city or country in neat family; moderate wages.
Call 749 Howard st.
\\T ANT POSITION AS SEAMSTRESS IN
'» family or housekeeper for elderly couple. A.
M., 1802 Polk st. ; . ; ,'
EXPERIENCED TAILORESS WISHES EX-
t.-agemeriis to do plain sewing and mending.
Call or address 1201/3 Geary st., room 15.
PELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN WANTS
Ji a situation to do genera; housework. I'lease
call or address 414 Foisom st.. near First.
KBBP ECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED LADY', COM-
» petent for housekeeping or any place of trust,
wishes situation in a eood family; noobjectlon to
country: leferrnres if required. Address A. 8.,
Lorin "station, Alameda county, Cal., Postofllce
box 65. \
xpF.ru enced stenographer who un-
J derstands bookkeeping _>«ir_ ]!ositio:i; good
city references, s. I.. box 135, Call Office.
\\TINCHESTEK HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.- NR.
»V Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 60 per night:
$1 £0 to .f>6 p?r wpek : convenieuL aiitl resi>ectable; ■
free bOR to unci <rom t h>* lenv.
SIT L' A I IOS ■» V. .-k ._l-it - M \ Li..
pi cTTk^cook • s sT tc. st; pT : IJEircoo'K^rALT
X . branches :slion notice, .4tiear.\ tel.Grant 4_.
UNTKR <_ CO., CHiNKsE AND JAPA.V
esc employment, oflice, 17 Webb St.. below
Keamy, bet. California and Sacrt.mento: tel. 231.
APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
ofllce: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
T^hTnkse and JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
KJ ofiice; best help. 414 Vc O'Farrell: tel. K. 426.
AKE"HS: YOUNG MAN WANTS A PLACE
Xi on bread; aae22: take low wages for steady
job: wil:in_. industrious: American, from East.
E. 8., care MRS. LKCEY, 70 Minna St., S. F., Cal.
C ITUATION WANTED BY a" STRONG
iO young man of 21. a -Canadian by birth and
not afraid of worK. D. McD., 16 Rausch st.
.'AXTED- AN ACTIVE YOUNG MAN
employment: immaterial what it is: can give
rood reference. Address C. R. M., care GIRAUB
BROS., California Hotel. . ; " - -
QITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN
O couple, no children, to take care of private
place or fruit ranch ; wife is a good cook, man can
<lo any kind of work. Andress J. T.. 91-' Howsra.
I7IIRST - CLASS CABINET - MAKER AND
F Eiench polisher wishes situation. Address E.
W., box 15. Call Office. ■
WANTED BY BOY AGED. 15 YEARS, RE-
« » s ding with his parents, a "place as office or
errand l>oy: steady work more object than wages.
Call or address 226 Filbert St.
ITUATION WANTED AT ANYTHING: EX-
k' perience us camp cook; good at bread and pies.
F., ciire MRS. I.ECI'.Y. 70 Minna st.
AT" OUNG MAN WISHES A POSITION AS
X bookueenpr, cierk or similar apacity. Address
B. X., box 101, Call office.
\\r ANTED — SITUATION BY FIRST-CLASS
*» gardener: understands the propagation of
greenliot;s« and outdoor pants; abio the taking
care of orchard or a nrst-c'.ass private place. In-
quird at seedstore, 516 Battery st. "
OACHMAN AND GARDENER WANTS
V^ 1 situation: city or country: best of references.
Address MRS. OLSEN. 1 lv. Antonio St.. off Jones.
QWEDE, 23, WHO UNDERSTANDS TAKE
kJ care of private place; also porter or waiter; city
or country; best references. Address C, E., 713
Minna st.
pARDENER, SINGLE, BES'I RKFERENCKS,
\T wishes care of private place: understands his
business; long experience. G. S.. box 114, Call.
STRONG | ERMAN BOY. 15, WANTS ANY"
_J kind of work; lives wi:h parents. 1305 Mission.
OITUATION WANTED AS ASHISTA N f
O bookkeeper, salesman, collector or driver of
delivery WMgon: long, general experience in this
city: salary moderate; good references. Address
E. G., box 9. Call Officf.
\\T ANTED— WOK« OF ANY K..NI) BY A
'» German, ageri 33: speaks English fluently;
handy about private place, garden work, rough
carpenter work, take care of horses or about busi-
, ness place. Addrt ss A. V. S., box 41, Call office,
VOUXG MAN FROM THJttOOCNT-tY WANTS
-I work around private place for room and board
until he linds something better. Address 1465
Ninth St., Oakland
AN 35 YEARS OLD, SINGLE, SEVERAL
years' pi rtence in business, wants situation
as shipping or bill clerk ; bost city references. Ad-
dress R. G., box 35, Call Office.
pENTLF.MAN OF EXPERIENCE, SPEAK-
VJ ing and writing English and German with
equal fluency, desires a po-iitiob as bookkeeper,
cashier or collector in hotel, manufacn ring estab-
lishment orrcal esta:eofllce. C. P. F., 221 Main st.
AN AND WIFE WITH ONE CHILO WANT
MAN AND WIFE WITH ONE CHILD WA ■ T
sitnntlon on ranch; man good al-round ranch
hand, wife first-class cook: wages $30. R. P. G.,
742 Howard st.
ABBER— GOOD BARBER WANTS steady
position; city or country. Address FRANK,
r*>x 188. Call Office. .
\Y ANTED— TO CARE FOR HORSES AND
' » garden by a middle-aged man who thoroughly
understands his business: can milk and make
himself useful: best of reference. Address C. H.,
I box 47, Call Olh'ce.
tiMRICMAN WISHKS SITUATION; MANY
-T years experience; best of reference. 416 Sec-
ond st. . . ,
ookkekper" WITH COMMERCIAL ex-
perience desires to keep accounts for 2 to 3
hours n day; good reference. Address B. X.. box
143 Call Office. ; '
\ DVERTLSKR DESIRES EMPLOYMENT AS
xV coaenman, groom, valet or gardener, or one
and other combined; highly recommended. C, 16
(ii:de n st.
JAPANESE HOUSK-CLEANING AND CAR-
pet; washing v. indows; any kind of cvork by
th€ day. . 16U0 Pacific aye., near Polk st. - : '
ITUATION T -G KR Si A N'T EN ER-
ally useful; good horseman: understands gar-
■ dening; can milk: city references; moderate wages.
Situation Postoflice, North Tcmcscal. Alameda Co.
CTEADYMANOP 80 WANTS SITUATION
0 as salesman in first-class grocery or boot aud
shoe store; was 7 years in grocery, 4 years in boot
and shoe business: best of references. Address J.
1.. SALVAGE, 1045 Market St. ■
18 NURSE. COMPANION OR VALET TO
-ir\- invalid gentleman; oomes well recommended.
Address V., box 38, Call Ofllce.
LMRST-CLAKS' CUSTOM TAILORS' CUTTER
1 having leisure time during ihe day would like
to have custom cutting to do as piecework at very
reasonable figures; b-st -of references. Address
J. H. HA WES. Crocker Building.
\yXNTrJ D— SITUATION BY~MAN; NURSE
'» or traveling companion to invalid; can give
good references. Address Companion, box 17,
North Temescal, Alameda County, Cal. •
WEDE WANTS SITUATION AS COACH-
t man; understands care of horses an_ carriages
thoroughly: also tare of garden; first-class refer-
ences: city or country. Address W. 8., box 101,
Call Ofllce. ■ ▼ - .-.-'. ■■ .-
FKMALE ; HELP WAXTKI).
TIT ANT ED— LAUNDRESS AND CH~AMBE~iT-
'» maid, $25; French maid and seamstress. $25;
French second girl, country, $20: 2 French cooks.
and •2ti; German as second cook, $25; nurse-
girl, $8. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
SCANDINAVIAN COOK, $30: I - DOWN-
O stairs girls, $25: 5 house girls, $20. and r num-
ber of others. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary.
p KEEN GERMAN GIRL, "<25, COUNTRY;
VJT see party here; ' fare paid. C R. ' HANSEN
<t CO., 110-::eary st. :
9 SCANDINAVIAN CHAMBERMAIDS, COUN-
__ try, $20; fare paid ; ■ must wait on table. C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO.. 110 Geary st.
O WAITRESSES CITY: $20. C. R. HAN-
-_ SEN «fc CO., 110 Geary st. ::... .:......■
OTRONG COLORED 01 r i. FOR HOUSEWORK.
O city: $25. C. R. HANSJ3ND <fc CO., 110 Geary.
WANTED- COOK AND SECOND GIRL,
' tV s i:i!» house, a short distance, see lady here at
10 a. m. to-day; ■ t German second girls. $20; 3
cooks, German style, $25 and $30; German nur-
sery governess, $_5; canibermaid, wait at 1 meal:
2 waitresses. $20; and girls for housework lv 1 city
and country. : J. F. CROSKTT <t CO., 312 Sutter.
MEAT YOUNG SECOND girl and seam-
1> stress. $20; Irish second girl. $.0: Scandina-
vian cook, $26; waitress, country, $15; middle-
aged, woman on ranch, $16,. and 50 women and
Kirls for al kinds of work. MURRAY & READY,
634 Clay st. ;. . ' " : "V* ', .' : ■ •■/ -;
HAMBERMAID TO ASSIST AT WAITING,
v,' country hotel, $25 : waitress, city hotel, $20.
UOTKL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
TBE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896.
PFIP WASTKD-ronfliinort.
lUDLE - AfiED HOUSEKEEPER. $12:
French seamstress, 825; housework girH,
Oakland, $25: Alameda, $20: San Jose, $25; San
Rafael, $25: 15 housework girls, city, $20 and $25;
6 young girls assist, $10 to $15. MlsS CULLJ-N ,
32 3 Su u rj?t^
IDDLE-AGED GERMAN OR SCANDINA-
viiiu woman; housework; $20; no wash. MISS
i CULLEN. 323 Sutter st. - ■__
I / -l ERMAN OR SWEDISH COOK AND SECOND,
vJT $25 and $15; Kedwood City; see lady her?
: 10:30. ISS CULLEN. 323 Suti.r St.
PEFINKD NURSE. CHILD 2 YE\RS,SIS;
XV second girl and seamstress, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st. : ' . . ;■' ;
pHAMBERMAID AND PLAIN WASHING,
\J $25; German second girl," $25 ; nurse, $20: 2
girls, Santa Cruz, $20 and $15. MISS CULLEN,
' 323 Sutter st.
OOK, AMERICAN FAMILY, $ho; LAUN-
dress, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
IBL. - WILLOWS, 9.1N X FAMILY', $'i 5,
Llvermore, $20; woman, Suisun, 20: second
girl, $20; 2 girls, merican family, $25; 10 giris.
$25, $20, $15. MME. LEOPOLD. 20 Stockton st.
i / \ ERMAN GIRL. COUNTRY, 2 IN FAMILY*.
wages $20: 3 girli, city, general housework,
; $20: _ chambermaids, city, $15: elderiv woman,
i Sonoma, $20: nursegirl, city, $12 to $15; several
i girls, light places; call early. MRS. FrCNTON,
j 107 O'Farrell st.
j \\T ANTED-CATHOLIC WOMAN AS WORK-
'» ing honsekeeper in clergyman's household in
! country; »_O. Apply MISS PLUNKIST-, i'JA
! Sutter. . _ . ,-
I ANTED— A WAITRESS AND PARLOR-
•T" maid, San Rafael, *25: a second glul for San
! Jose, Protestant, $20: nuise for infant, Oakland,
$20. Apply MISS PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter st.
! \\r ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
, '» work. 1308 Pacific st. • '
| yOCKcToikLixi ASSIST WITH BABY;
X wages $5. 1117 Geary st. .
yOUXu'OERJIAX GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
j -l work. 619y 3 Post st.
OOK WANTED, WITH REFERENCES. I
\J 2114 Valiejo st., from 12 to 2.
MIDDLE-AGED RESPECTABLE SCANDl-
naviaii or German woman to as3ist with
j housework anu children ; wages $8 and good home.
! Must call in the morning at 15 Frankfort aye.,
! opposite Thirteenth, bet. Mission and Howard.
pOMPETENT YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
\J housework; small family. $20. 1229 O'Farrell.
i GOOD HANDS ON VESTS. 641 STEVENSON
J VjT street. ••-•"■"".:■■.:
"tpiRST-CLASS FINISHER ON FIVE PANTS;
X also apprentice, paid while learning. 411V 3
| Kearuy st. •.
ELIABLE GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
and assist with children. 308 Fourth aye., bet.
i Geary and Clement sts. "
i ■yOUNG <SIRL, CARE OF CHILD; REFER-
i X euce3. Call 1628 Sutter St., in the morning.
pERMAN GIRL ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK
vJ at 418 Kratinan st.. bakery.
AI'ANTED— SO YOUNG ladies WHO can
: »' ride the bicycle. Addrefs E.. box 14, Call.
| YV ANTED— A WAITRESS AT 206 McALLIS-
'» terst., restaurant.
A PPRENTICE WANTED AT DRES3MAK-
■A. ing. 2240 Post st. .
r oc ng" GIRL to ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK.
X 1307 Fillmore st. - ,
1 \\T ANTED— GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
i '» girl to nstisi in general housework. 812 Doug-
: lnss St., Castio or Mission uud Twenty-second su
: cars.
! qiAILORESS AND APPRENTICE ON CUS-
-1 torn coats. 1148 Fo'.som st.
\ r O UNG GIRL TO ASSIST". MUST SLEEP
X tiome. Apply 12 Liberty St.: a. m
i JVNTED— TWO FIRST-CLASS SWEDISH,
"" Norwegian or German girls to zo to Napa who
understand cooking. Call Wednesday and Thurs-
day, after 10 a. ic., a. 331 Guerrero st.
j Y"o"uNG GIRL .OR KITCHEN WORK; RES-
-1 fauraut. 310 Third st.
! THIRST-CLASS FINISHERS ON LADIES'
X cloaks : good pay. 453 Thirteenth St., Oakland,
ONG AND DANCE GIRL FOR COUNTRY
1 »■' during summer to work in mnsic hall. Call or
i address ALBERT A. SMITH, .14 Third st.
PUPILS' FOR .MILLINERY" SCHOOL; LES-
i- sons private or class: eveninc pupila -p< dhl at-
tention: stylish trimming 25c. 410 vi-nworth.
G1 lltLs TO COOK AND HOUSEWORK. ALSO
f second v.-ork. waltre ses and o.her gocd situa-
] tions. Apply J. P. JOHNSON <t CO., 872 Broad-
I wav, Oaklund.
. I ADIES TO LEaRN " HAIR-DRESSING,
I XJ beauty culture, etc. 131 Post st., room 20.
! \\rAN ; —IN AMERICAN FA MIL V,
i '» young girl of willing and cheerful disposition
: to do plain cooking and cleaning, with care of one
j child of 5: no cbamberwork; no "ashing or bak-
l in.:; waces $10 «nd carfare mon lily: good home
■ and kind treatmeiK for a girl fond of children and
■ of lively disposition: r-ferencr-s required. Address
j MRS. T. V., box 136, Call Office.
AIKDKES»ING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and evec'asses; 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
RESSMAKERS AND GIRLS To LEARN
U quick method of cutting. Sttlbg and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c up; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDoweil Academy, 213 Powell, ■ .
IV" N CHKSTKB HOUSK. 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Eleeirtc lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 10 $6 per
week : f»»e bus to and from the ferry. •
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester Hotise. 44 Thl>-d st., near Market:
'.00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 i) 0 to $6 per
• week: free bus to and from the ferry.
' PI'IIENTK ESTO LEAKN DKESS CUT-
■ V ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms and 68.
lawbenT PATTERN HOUSK— DREi.S-
Jci:tt'ng school. 1231 Market st..t>et, Bth and 9:h.
Jl.4L£ HI I I WA.IED.
tTlac'ks^M IT H, $50 A N D FO U N D : \VHE?_I
»> wright, $50 and found: ranch blacksmith.
MURRAY' <fe READY, employment agents, 634
and 636 Clay s:.
TRONKR. ST. CLAIR MACHINE. $30 AND
X found; 3 cooks; 2 waiters: 2 dishwash"rs: por-
tf-r, $20: pantryman, $20. MURRAY' <t READY',
634 and 636 Clay st.
IF.HEWER, $26 AND FOUND; 3 FARMERS,
1 $15. MURRAY cfc READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
p ERMAN FARMER AND WIFE. $:15: FARM-
VX er and wife, $30: 3wlrp-nail operators. MUR-
RAY _ READY, 634 and 036 Clay st.
\\T ANTED — 4 RANCH TEAMS IE RS, !?'.O
'» and found; American miner, $2 50 day; ele-
vator-boy, Tf4 week and IncrttKe; printer for
country; vegetable-gardener; tie-makers; boy for
carden; niiiker and wife. $35; cook and wife, $35
to $40: Japanese cook for ranch, $20 and found:
waiters ami others. Apply to J. F. CROSSETT &
CO., 62H Sacramento st, -
APHKR AND clean HARNESS, $507
»' milker and drive wagon. S2O; blacksmith and
shoer: young man for nursery. $16: 'J hewers,
$_6; cook, small place, «20; man to contract to
sink a shaft. R. T. WARD _ CO., 608 aud 610
lay st. ■.'■■. ■ . . .
t» SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN QUARTZ
• > miners; see party here. C. K. HANstN <fe CO.,
110 Geary st.
X ITALIAN QUARTZ MI-JERs": SEE PARTY
O here. C. R. H ANSKN _ CO., 110 Geary st.
\\T ANTED— COACHMAN- ON A GENTLE-
»» man's ranch, short distance in country, must
be a young man and understand handling colts,
$25 per month and found: also farmers, milkers.
cooks, waiters aud dishwashers. W. D. EWER <fc
CO.. 626 Clay st. ■ y r;-
ATEAT wTfTER, BOY; V ATE FAMILY:
_-> $15. Apply after 8 to MISS CULLKN, 323
Sutler st. ■
OY WANTED WHO UNDERSTANDS TKlM-
ming cutting on ladies' jhoes. J. C. NOLAN &
CO., 641 Market st. '
ANTED— PBESSF.U. APPLY 8 A.M.,
'' LYONS, the clothier, 712 Market.
OY TO LEARN PRINTING. ADDRESS
H. P., box 47, Call Office. . .
QMAIiL. BOY WHO CAN MAKE HIMSELF
O useiul; good home. Roddy's Hotel, Nebraska
and Twenty-sixth sts. - ■ - ;-■.'. ■ -■■ .■: •-.■:.
OOK ON RANCH; DO CHORES AND MAKE
\J butter; wages $15. Cook, box 14, Call office. :
W anted-fTrrand-boy. with REFER-
'» ences. Apply at MARSH <fe KIDD'S, 622
Marke: St., between 8 and 9 A. m. ■ . ■
OOD BOY WANTED TO LEARN BAR-
tendin^: German preferred. 100 McAllister
St., between 1 a«'l 3 o'clock, r . '
0 MEN TO CANVASS, GOOD COMMISSION:
£i also collector. , Call bet. ,10 and 4, room 83,
Donoho« building." .." ■
ANTED — STRONG BOY TO LEARN
| '» hlacksinltning; best references. 828 Harrison.
E" XPEKIENCEO RESTAURANT W AITEK
wanted. _07 Second Rt. '.
PANTS AND.VKHT m k br FOR COUNTRY,
RElss BROS., 26 Sutter st. . ;
O FIRST- CLASS TINTERS. lascelle,
— Twenty-second and Bartlett sts. - ■ ■
ANTED-COAT, . VEST . AND PANTS
«» pressers <to attend meetin? to-night of the
Tailors' Union, at 927 Mission st. .
1/iEW PAINTERS WANTED: $2 PER DAY.
X 410 Fifth St.
IJOY WANTED. PACIFIC HAT WORKS, 920
XJ Howard st. , v . .: l •!., '
ARBKRS' ASSOCIATION OF CALIFORNIA
meets to-night. Alcazar . building, fourth floor.
J. KLITSCH, president. . .
' VJ EN TO FEED MA NHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
l'l all grocers keep it. - ■; , •-■->: " " ;.
Cf \(\ MEN TO GET A FINE, YLISH, DUR-
O\ 'U able calf shoe to order, $2 60. 959 Howard.
ipOR ALASKA: THE BRIG BLAKELEY, 145
IC tons, will leave *an Francisco for Cooks . Inlet
on Mnrtfi 12. with passengers; each passenger ; al-
lowed. 800 ; pounds baggage, including row boat.
InfOrmatio:i regarding mining will . be given by a
practical n.incr who has I «en there.- For further
particulars apply to FRED HOLMES, 606 Bat-
tery st. ..:. - ;■ . ..;..''■',.;.'.;.■-. . : ''. ':•■.."■ .. -... ;
~\\T ANTED— -CLASS CEMENT FIN-
*» Isher. v Call at HAUN, cor. Turk and De-
visadero sts. , : - ■ •
ANT ED -SEAMEN FOR EUROPE AND
' » South seas and other ports. 10 Steuart St.,
upstairs, y ■.-■;. V- .;■' > ■'. ■..-■;.■■"',:. •.■•..,,. 
rpAILOB-SHOP FOR sale cheap; low
1 rcnu : W. H. SPItOW, 1137 Mlssloo »U
HELP .WANTED— Contlnn«d.
AijTvvrra^MlTcXpTT^
l'l around Mill Valley, will hear of. a good busi-
ness proposition by addressing H. C. box 98, Call.
©9nn vp ARTNER-TO"-JOIN.."IN^BUYING
«P^v v . Slarket-st. chophouse; .'no experience
required: sure business. S. J., box 16, Call Offlc •:'
rANTED-"Fl RST-CLASS MEN TO SOLICIT
» » orders for ; custom-made suits at wholesale
prices; city and country.. E. H. LEVY, 113 Bush.
\\ T ANTED-AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
.*» cry st., clerks and laborers to call .if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
Y r ELLOW FRONT. 635 CLAY ST.; MEALS,
-1 with coffee or tea, 6 cents. .
1.) ARBERS, ATTENTION— TO LET, Al SHOP;
XJ low rent. 406 Castro st June. Market ana 17th.
TVTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
1' Sd and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; weefcsl io $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
EXPERIENCED shop-cutter on C_OTH-
XJ ing; others need not apply. 20 Sansome st.
T>ANTS (DRUMMERS' SAMPLES) FORSALE;
X anybody fitted. 618 ilarket si. .
EST MEAL ON EARTH; WE LL COOKED; 8
courses. 10c, at -cattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
MEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
■IX _5c up; men's half soles, 40c. 1003 Mission st.
AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR A
-» thorough business man, 25 to 30 years, with
small capital: must speak Spanish, give first-class
reference and furnish bonds." Address N. A., box
I_B, Call Oflice.,. «
ANTED— TO OPEN AND HUN A
»> pork-store, delicacies, etc. Address P. O. box
63, Berkeley. '
\\T ANTED— SEAMEN; ORDINARY SEA AND
• » green hands for deen-water voyages, whallDic
Apply 117 L-ruinni, upstairs. PETER McMAHON
MEN'S y--SOLING LADIEV 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
O NOT FORGET TO "DO AS YOU WOULD
be done by," and come and see: iialf-soled in
15 minurt>s, done while you wait; all repairing done
by machinery; all , repairing at half price; work
guaranteed. 662 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
ANTED— MEN AND LADIES TO LEARN
barber trade: only 8 weeks lequired; tools
given and wages paid for Saturdays and Sundays;
catalogues, a. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard st.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission. .
I.) ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION" EMPLOY-
J-> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S.FUCH3.
I>ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. KMPLOY-
XJ ment. Secy, P. C. Kamann, 2381/2 O'Farrell.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863Va MARKET " ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
HAT CHKER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
'» St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; singie rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
fflj-i, TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
■«JpJ- lar^e reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
KOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
20c to 50c night; *1 to $4 week: open all night.
WANTED— Mr.CIIANICB, CLERKS. LABOR-
>T ers to call if they do not receive their jusl dues;
low and commercial* collections: no charge unless
successful. KNoX Collection Agency, 110 sutler st.
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
f T 1.1 know that Ed Kolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, *t ill runs Denver House, 217 Third ■', : 150
large room v 25c per night; $1 to $S per weeis. ".-
WINCUESTKR HOUSE. 44TH1R.0 ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: tree bns to and from the ferry.
1 l\f\ UK!S TO T AKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
J ' '" and 20c a night. Including coSeo and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Keamy.
L»Esf IN ClTi'-SIXGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
X> 25 cents per nisrM; 81, $1 26, $1 60 par wee*.
1-neltic House .Commercial and Leidesdonl sts.
\U anTeT)— MEN TO OKT BOTTLE SHARP
1 m steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
LMtEE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOIi sc;
-T also a bottl tof lager, 6c. at 637 Clay st. .
r PKY ACME HOCSE. 9.i7 iIAKKKT ST., BE-
-1 low Sixrh. for a room : 25c a niuht ■ $1 a week.
A\r ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
'» week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily naners. 3fi Clar st.
agent. WANIKJ). •
\ GENTS— WE HAVE THE ONLY MONEY-
'.iV making novel-'ies for hard times; write or
call: our agents are all making money. Alumi-
num Novelty Co.. 1 10 Snt'er st. ■ •
PAKTNKBS WAKTBD.
ARTNER WANTED WITH 3600 OR $1000:
can secure monopoly to manufacture fast-
, selling articip; may handle correspondence and
cash; do th» selllne; 1:0 machinery; no rem-
nants. Manufacturers' Agency, 465 Ninth St.,
Oakland. Cal. -
FIRMTURE WANTED
A JJALOKK PATS 80 PIER V:^NT MORE
-V than elsewhere ior furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth st. •'-•
pAsHT RTCk PA r_T"FOR V RSlil'RK. A-
\J COB BCHWKRDT, H'.l Mission. bet. 4th _ sth.
« BSOLUTELY' HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOB
_"-. second-hamt furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furnitorf <0., 813 Market St.: rail or s'-nil postal.
—^ —^™ -__»_»-»---»--»-«--—-----»--» _» -_-_i -— -»
UOUMJ9 WANTED.
nr ANTED— SfNGLK SLEEPING-ROOM AND
»' small adjoining room for light housekeeping;
unfurnished: easy walk from Crocker building.
Address M. J.. box 58. Call Oflice. .
WA XTK O-511 CELL AX KOUS.
S! 1 IND HAND 2^H. P. ENGI N eTg Ta SOU NE
pr»-fprred. Address T. E., box 50, this oflice.
WANTED — JEWELER'S TOOLS; SECi >ND-
»» hand: viz.: 1 seat bench, rollers, drawbench,
polisliinir machine, etc.; state price. Address T.
8., Ikjx 77, this ofllce. ■ .
\Y ANTED— YOUR watch, if it NEEDS
»» repairing: best work a. liaif the regular price.
DEUss. watchmaker,. 126 Kearoy st.. third floor.
OKLL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
O (i;rv to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth St.: send postaL '
I.OSI.
TOST-GOLD I^CKET^WITTTGERSIAjri^f-'
XJ script on; con aniug baby's picture. Finder
return 409 Husli st. ; reward.
T OST— WHITE RUSSIAN TEHRIKR; LONG
Ji woolly hair: reward. 819 Treat aye.
LOSi— IKON grTy mare LIBERAL RE-
wnrd if returned to 1527 Powell st.
I OST— ENG PUG DOG; NO COLLAR.
1 Return to 311 Eddy St., receive reward.
l&IA REWARD— LOSi MARCH 4. 3-STONE
♦3) I\J (Mamond rin;;, going stfaiaht from 300
Tilled su .10 Pine st.: no questions askea if re-
turned to 300 Third st. " . j
OST, MARCH 2 - MICROSCOPE AND CASK.
XJ Leav- at Call otßce, Broadway, Oakland.
Large reward.
I TOST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
IJ not getting my sho?s made to order by
GEO. I'.RVAN'T for 9b. 20t 1 nrk st.. nrar .lones.
• . IOUNI).
rOl'M) - LARGE BROWN RETRI_VER
I Owner call I'ioneer Woolen Mills.
EDIiCA'i HjXaL:
O^KT?EETn?G^^CHOoTr^^IU*ATIFTi^G
pupils to fill, positions; 6 weeks. 5 Stockton
St., room 2. • ■ . .
troiCß BUILDING. pantomime AND act-
V Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary s:. •
JOSKPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVED. 82
O Ninth st.
Y'KES, TH LEADING OR HAND COL-
lege; Individual instruction: 4 months' course;
tiay^and evening 326 Montgomery st.
LADY GIVES PIANO 'LE SON S, 25c ; PU-
pil'B home. Address E., box 9, Call.
V ! RsT MELVILLE SNVDEIt, STUDIO 614
U sutter: teacher vocal music (Italian method).
piano; elocution; dramatic elocution a specialty;
vocal and Shakespearean classes; dancing.
I>ROF_BSOR G. MANSFIELD, T each KR OF
X vlolm, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
pUITAR. MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VoCA_
VJ lessons;s3 mo. MARY'.WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
, A 5Tj" 0, PIANO ANDGUtTAR, 60q PER LES-
U son; music furnished. ; 125 Tenth st.
EN GUSH BRANCHES TAUGHT: PRIVATE
or class.; moderate. MISS DILLON, 305 Larkin.
ELOCI TIoN— DRAMA, DELSARTE.PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDr:R. 299 Hyde St.: call after Ip. m. ■
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand.' etc, Stlehl's Collegn, 723 Market.
A SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
l*riv«te theatricals arranged! pupUs rehearsed
on stage. H. s arid 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7tb and Mkt.
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, ; architecture,
assay ; estab. '64. VAN DEB N AILLEN, 723 Mkt.
\' loi.iN, MANDbTIN.-- GUITAR. CORNET
V langht. Prof. L. M ERK I. 5!26 Geary reasonable
PaNISH. FRENCH.GEBMAN; MODERATE.'
Alelsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
HEA I,i)S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, : business . practice, Ehorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. write for catalogue. ■
V IGHT SCHOOL "« Jii CoLLK>iE;24
i ' Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low ra e<
"JOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, »ANJO; RKA-
sonable. ,' PROF. FRANCIS. 1045Va Valencia.
/ CHEMISTRY A.VU ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
■ " ' hnm't Schiy».. <;-n-v «nr| Povi-*-!! b'!<. !
I>ISSO_UI'ION O%' PAKTXt..). ;
■\TOTIC_ IS 11EREBY ~GIVE Sf THAT TIIE
Xl - firm of PETERMAVN <fc FRA NX. engaged
in the bag, tent and awning business' at 111 Clay
St., San Francisco, Cal.. was this day dissolved by
mutual consent • by the ? withdrawal : of F. H. J.
PETERMANN from said firm. Mr.* AUGUST
C.FRANK hns purchased all the assets of said
firm and assumed all its liabilities. He will con-
tinue the business ; of - said i firm under the style:
California Bag, Tent and Awning Company. ■
• -; F. H. .f. ERMAN,
; A U<iUST C.FRANK.
Dated San Francisco, February 24, 1896.
PERSONATE. - J
TX FO iTSfATI^N^^'TNT^^^F^SAMIjKirT.
1 PUBSGLOVE, 1870 or 1871 at 121 Berry St..
San Francifco; • 187<J said to have gone to Whit*
Plains. . Address MKS. L. FAURIE, 2112 St.
Claude St., New Orleans. La, i s 'j ; -.- .■ \ ■■;.
SAN FRANCISCO. MARCH 8, 1896— MY WIFE
MARY LAVINIA having left my bed and
board without provocation, I hereby caution the
public I will not be responsible for debt 3 contracted
by her from this date. JNO. J. COLEMAN.
YfIDDLE-AGED GERMAN BUSINESSMAN
jVJ would, like to corresDond with middle-aged
woman or widow; object matrimony. Address
CHARLES, box 141, Call. " >
\TICE" CURLY HEAD BOY. 4 YEARS OLD,
1> for adoption. Address MRS. RYDER, 714 Pe-
raltast., OakUnd.
AVF. YOU LETTERB SHOWING YOL ARE
XX entitled 10 money in Eug.and aud want
money? 214 st.
LL PEOPLE SICK OR IN TROUBLE CON-
anlt MRS. C. P. FORD, metaphysician. Office,
25 Murphy building. "
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
A cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE, atty-at-1aw,.550 Market st
OJIE TO MY ' HAIR-DKESSING PARLORS
CQce and you will come again, the prices are
so moderate and the work so thorough; 25c for
hair-dressidg, includes waving and enameling the
face. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
I flfin CARDS, $1 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
I >\)V tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary St., r. 39.
EALTHY -BABY FOR ADOPTION. MITsT
PH. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alarneda.
JB; L. CASCADE TREATMENT WONDER-
*t • ful: triumph over disease without medicine;
removes cause. . R. JACKS, agent, 214 Brannau. ,
QUPERFLUOUS HAIR PERMANENTLY BE-
O moved from face or limbs without injury oy
MME. WAMBOLD; consult free. 116Va Fnlton.
TNFORMATION WANTED 'F THE WHERE-
X abouts of JOHN WM. KCDF.Y, miner, a native
Of England. Address New Wisconsin Hotel, cor.
Pa<'ific and Montgomery sts.. S. F. ■■ -
T>IG OUTDOOR STEREOPI ICON SHOW EVE-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic
advertisements in living liirht; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market.
T ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
XJ superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st.
L-or fine POULTRY am/ (>AME go to a.
X STRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
T>ANTS "(DRUMMERS' SAMPLES)- FOR
X sale; anybody fitted. 518 Market st.
"PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
XTnnd Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, .1. H. E. Pnrtlngton. Gertrude
l'artii:gton,H.L.Par:lnston. Particulars 424 Pine st
MBR STEWART, MANICURE AND CHlROP-
odist: 50c and and $1. 120V2 Geary st..r. 10.
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GRIND-
ing new edge oa razor, 25c; ra/.or concaved,
50c: razor honing and setting, 25c; ; first-class
work. .Razor Exchange, 630 Market st.
EMOVAI^-DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
XX O'Firrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
0> I A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THiS
tip I floor. 206 Leavenworth s'.' '.
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GETOUR figurfs
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
I'aDer-liJingiiig Company, 655 McAllister st.
ADDRESSPJD TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
become rich— Invest your money in Stockton
(the future Chicajp):l will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFEK, 1706 Clay St., S. F. -
IJOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC! -PAPER:
X> instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant: aye. aud Sutler at.
ELECTR X : LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
Chester House, 44 Third si., near Market 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $tfper
week: lre» bns to and from the ferry.
IBKIIAI. .AUVA.VCKSO.V DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st. ■
pLOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
• \J mfrs' cost. Fuctorv-. 20 Sansome st.. upstairs.
LD GOLD, HILVER. (JENTS AND LADIE4
clothing boii»h-. <'QT,MAN. 41 Thinl at.
I).\..»S.iiAKli;it\ '
FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKING DONE; CUT-
X ting and fitting hy S. T. milor system; perfect
fit guaranteed. D, box 78 Call office, Oakland.
M ISS E. GIB-ON, DKSIGNER AND COS-
tumer, just arrived from London, Eng.:lat°st
styles and perfect til guaranteed. 1622Vs Bushst.
TVEMOVED— BRADLEY, TO 410 TAYLOR ST.
Xt Elegant stylish suits *."> up: dresses rnadeover.
PIANOS. Vl»>Lil.\>, JiXC.
OOK~AT TH E bTttTeTR A PS~ AN^ScT-
called bargains in cheap new and second-hand
pianos at other places, then come to us and you
will appreciate our genuine offers. A used Hard-
man (this piano took the first awnrd at the Coinm-
binn Exposition) fine order, will be sold at once at
a nominal price: a fine new Chase Bros., dam aped
In shipping, will be sold this w<ek on installments
at much less than its value; 100 pianos In stock
ai d -ci ing at prices and terms wfllch cannot he
equaled. The J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood
bniUiing, Fourth and Market sts. . :,•",-,
<£./«Aiv SIEINWAY OFFKRED FOR $200
IinUUU by lady oolieed 10 part with, it: • imme-
diate sale necessary. Room 10 Flood building.
\yiDOW FORCED TO UIOVKTH NEW
*» YorK offers cow Wheelock upright at the
price of transportation. Room 21, 809 Market st.
(TjQA PIANO: FIN E CONDITION. SCHMITZ',
»Ipt/U. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
pHANCE OF A LIFETIME TO BXJY AN
\J or;an; we have 50 that must be closed out in
the next 30 days; cash or installments: prices
from $25 upward. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16
to 20 u'Farrell st.
OPEN0 PEN FOR BUSINESS. ',-ii..... - '.. - :
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sale
iv San Francisco. J. HARRY SCO IT.
929 Market st., Spreckels building.
RE YOU DItSIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
trrms? Then Investigate our new rent-contract
plan. >HF.RM \X, CLAY* & CO., Stcinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.
IV M. G. BADGER, 26 O'FAURELL. ROOM 1,
• first floor; soie agents Mallet t Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments. ;
OA /IAASHJBKT MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. STAT-
£VJ.\J\J\J HAM'S Piano btore, 106 McAllister st,
u:iDOW, forced to kkmove to np:w
'» York offers new Wheelock upright at the price
of her transportation. Room 21, 809 Market st.
T^INE SI EIX WAY OFFERED FOR SALE
JT by private party; Immediate sale necessary.
Room 10, Flood building.
C TEiNWAY, $165; WEBEK. $260: SMALL
0 upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
CIOME IN AND HEAR THE LATEST
\J novelty- the Osslan attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, a.l in one very sim-
ple: guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it:
teautlful effect. J. T. BOWERS & >O.V, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
\ GOOD SQUARE, 850: A FINE sq u ar :
JX a fineuprigh , $125. Call soon. ,
MAUVAIB MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market at.
A SHAW, $425; 2 kl EIX WAYS, *215, $195;
Sommer, $'.'B7; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. : HEINE, 136 Ellis st,
HAINES BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER^
.ence; also renowned Bush A Gens' piana
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 524 Post st. ;
PONOVER PIANO: AS g'o6"6 AS NEW;
Vj great sacrifice. Th« F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post Bt» . .:.--■ ,>.-,£'
pHICKEKIKG.kNABE. STECK.VOSE, BTER- .
\J ling pianos; see our n w piano for $187: piaaos
;or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ <fc SON. 16 O'FarraU.
i»|7X CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
ijp I. I «J. npright; perfect order. 1039 Van Ness.
1 \ECKER BROS., STEINWAY .FISCHER AXP
XJ other rirst -class makes of pianos;' little used;
chrap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
(II ASK, --J8 11 nd 30 O'Farrell tl. . . :
ASY TERMS LOW PRICES. , KOHLER <fc
CHASE. . - * ■
Y KON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER, i
Af .Newby <S Evans, P<riggs and other pinnO3. . . . !
Ui'ERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLU&XEW
O H. MtILLER, maker. repalr«>r. 2 Latham olace.
OTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMER,
iO *237; Wily, f125; squares, *36 »ud $55.
HE INK. 410 Post st. ■
\ RRrVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED hioh-
J\. grade r. L. Neumann plauos for the holidays:
prices ■ and tenus moderate.' H. LUEDERS, Hi
Ninth st. ■■-'-.■-• ■-;■';•-- ' ■
~~ ~~ HOUSES. ••_.
l,^ O RESALE— (5 OO D STRONG BUSIN E S S
-T i>uggy, harness and gooj eentle horae: rea-wi-
able. Call for 3 days, bet. 10 and 11, California
Horse Repository, 510 Van Ness avo. -•■
S" ALE OR EXCHANGE— YOUNG, GKXILE
i mare, witii good business busgy; harness. 4-
McAllister st. . . - '
TEXTS OF TATTERSALL ; STABLE,
\J 'curl Geary and . Leavenworth sts., sold at auc-
tion Tuesday, March 10, at 11 o'clock. ... ■■ -
ORSJES PASTURED: SKND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. ■ The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercialst. .
1 ST-CLASS, PASTURAGE: PI.E.V I V WATEK
and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 2JO VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagon*," buggies and harness,
1 CA -ETS NEW A .D SECOND-HAND HAR-
' 1 *J\f ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st. '■ .
R. C. h. westphal, veterinary sur-
i;eou for ■S. '•• F. Police Department. Office aud
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
T7r HORSES FOR : SALE: ALSO " W AWOX -J
1^ bnggiea, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hona
Aiarke^, 327 Sixth at. ; auction sale 3 every We"ae»-
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 i\l\ SETS SECOND-HANb HARNESS; ALZ.
XUU kinds; ■: second-hand - wagons, buggry. , carts; •
*Iro 20 cheao horses. ; Fifte«n;'ii and Valencia ni.
JiUlllltN*. ANJJJLOAN ASSOCI^ lO>~
pONTINENTAL BUILDING AND*LOAN"aS'
\J aociation— Home office, 222 | Sansome sU, S F,
Uenerai savings & loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pah,
Oliver Kldridge V.Pr.: W Corbln.Sec.ifcGea.Aiaa
.' ';;:;.:;-;;;,/..; RiCVCLES. ■'■^[ / . ;;-••;•■• ■..-•-
pARK CYCLERY— W^WHEBLS TO LXT 1
X best accommodations. Terminu* Claarr. *M*
▲Uiiter aud PoweU su car line*
prsiNms mANCWs.
T^ B^^ T restaurant
«Jp_jtJU. and oyster-house: best . location; Mar-
ket St., near City Hall: well .; fltted-up Dlace: pres-
ent owner intends runnin? place day and night
and prefers partner :to hired help. STENBERG
<fc CO.. 632 Market st. _________!___
(_» 1 7 BR A NCH BAKERY. NOTIONS;
tip 1 li). near2schools;3livinc-rooms; low rent:
Al trade: great bargain. STENBERG & CO.,
632Marketst. "^ v >' . \ ;■ ■:
<J_ A^fi CORNER SALOON; HANDSOME
tID"XtJU. place: superb bar fixtures*; fine paint-
ings, cash register, safe. etc. : positively more than
value in sight; investigat on afforded. _TE_i-
BERG d_ CO., 632 Market st.
(^Q7X ; -$375., ■ ; ■ ;
tJDO t O. Restaurant near transfer point.
STENBKRG CO., 632 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
(jeen RESTAURANT; BEST LOCATION:
>)O\f. established 15 yt»ars; newly fitted up;
receipts $25 daily. STENBERG C 0.,63- Market st.
fl_i)-/"V ROUTE ESTAB SHED 2 YEA RS ;
>Jp.—VU. profit of 32 to 45 cents each delivery:
large cash trade; fine horse and, wairon; decided
bargain; trial given. STANLEY. 21V_ Third.
(j_li|A BRANCH BAKERY: OKEAT BAR-
«ID_Uw. gain: sickness cause of selling. STAN*
LEY, 21 V 3 Third si.
(j_ 1 -A STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
t]plt>U.. lion store; stock worth $200; splendid
chance for small investment. STANLEY, 21V&
Third at. s, ■: -• ! «:
(Jj-J A LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
«I>l«.>U. 2y»ars: easily ma- aged: good living;
1 suitable 2 ladle* or mail and nife. STANLEY,
1 21i/ a Tbh-d st. ' .
*{_ 1 1 (\(.\ FIRST-CLASS SAMPLE- ROOM,
•Tp _ lvM7. with large patronage; near Examiner
' office: owner 30 years in business; wants to retire:
j rare chance. Call 533 California a:.. Phwnix bar.
I C_7CA CORNER GROCERY AND UAR
! »Jp i O\J . withliving-rooni8: (rood bar trade: cash
i custom; low rt-nt; in very best location: rare
' chance. Particulars 533 California St., Fhcenix bar.
I <aTi pl AAA THE LARGEST AN D best-
<i]pXtJ?.UUU. payipg beererottoand restaurant;
cream of trade: monthly DrofHa of $1000 guaran-
! teed: books open- for inspection. Address S. G.,
I WILKE, 1148 ontter st. • - :''
• fTO BUY', SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
1 of any kind see STRAND & CO 45 Third at.
i Q»-\ r- (\ CIGAR STAND AND LAUNDRY
' »Ip_«JU. office: bars-am if sold this week; owner
going to Alaska. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
ffi_97C SALOON MEN, ATTENTION — SA-
j •Tp._*l«J. loon: No. 1 location; pays well: full
value in sight; great bargain. STRAND — CO..
45 Third St.
I QjrXA RESTAURANT: AMONG WHOLE-
I tlp*-''-"'» sale houses; near Market St.; day trade;
! clears $100 to $150 per month: great bargain on
account of departure. STRAND <fc CO.. 45 Third.
<2jQ7' FRUITSTORE: 3 LIVING-ROOMS;
•4pOl*). clears $75 per month; ni> opposition;
cheap rent: bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
SKI u(\(\ liquor - storeT transfer"
UDJLUUV". corner; full value in stock, etc.;
large trade: 4 rooms. bTRAND & CO., 45 Third.
C« 1 c/i Laundry ROUTK: 00 d salary
1 1)'/. to steady Swede. STRAND, 45 Third.
ffIjQAA RESTAURANT ON THIKD ST., NR.
tyOVtyj. Market: pays well. STRAND, 45 Third.
<a?O^»AA GROCERY' IN BERKELEY. HOUSE
tiP*_UV/\7. and lot included. STRAND, 45 Third.
9VI PARINER .IN RESTAURANT;
is)-iO\J. clfarssloopermo. STRAND.46 Third.
fflj "I AA A REST A V RANT: EXCELLENT LO-
•fr±VJ\J\J. cation: trade of $35 per day; clears
$100 per month. STRa N D CO.. 45 Third st.
O»f>AA SALOON AND RESTAURANT:
1 «JPUV/U. transfer corner; receipts $20 per day;
I well fltted-np; full value; cleats $160 per month:
a I'ositlvf bargain. STRAND & CO., 46 Third St.
i 7Xi I SALOuN; . >LD ESTABLISHED COR-
I «JP I U\J, ncr; steadj- paying business; well fitted
I up: -long lease; reasonable rent: owner leaving
city: full value. Apply STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
fljj7Cn B A K R Y, 4 R00J1S; ALL STORE
<jp I O\) . trade; cheap rent:"lease: clears $75 a
month; bargain. STRAND d: CO., 45 Third st.
QAA STEADY MAN WANTED AS PART-
' OUU . ner in genteel cash business; clears
$75 per month each; no experience necessary;
duties to serve customers. STRAND. Third
ELSE RAT ASSE T, 5 FOURTH ST.— ELE-
It gant fitted"-up saloon co;>d stock: booming
transient trade; reasonable rent: Market st. center;
best chance for two partners. • ■ .
I SO'A SALOON; CHEAP: GOOD STOCK
j •J)JjO\J. and fixtures; good location. HEGARTY,
860 Market st.
: \"GENTS ~ WANTED~FOR~GCOD SELLER.
'IV HEGARTY, 860 .Market st., room 10. .
• pIG A R-STORE for SALE; WILL SELL
\J half or whole and trade. HEGARTY, 860
Market, room 10.
WANTED— S2SO— PARTNER IN REAL ES-
: '* tate businesi; splendid chance; guarantees7s
i per mon h profit; opposite ferry. B. CURRAN,
I 223 Kast st.
i A I7c BRANCH BAKERY; 4 FINELY
I t\i. J I Urn furnished rooms; receipts $4 to $6 a
day; rent $14. BARRETT _ SKIF. , 92l Market.
j OR MALK— STOCK AN_ FIXTURES OF
r Hranch bakery. confectionery, notions, etc. : . 2
I living-rooms; rent low; k-ood loca;ion; bargain;
orice *9.">. Apply J. P.JOHNSTON <fc CO., 872
l.roadway, Oakland. •
IpOR SALE-BR ARC H BAKERY AND STA-
tionery stc-re; cheap. 3_6 Ninth ft.
ARTNER WITH $1000 TO TAKE INTER-
est in placer location: strictest investigation al-
lowed. Address PartiiT, box 101, this ottice.
dj» jC A FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT AND
I •j±) Ji)U, oyster p'.ace: everything new; best lo-
! cation In tne city low rent: no trtflera need an-
I swer. Address R. R., box 147, Call Office. ■
I/iOR r S A I.E-ONE- FJ FT H INTE KEST IN A
-T very rich mine for $5000. Address E. P. WIL-
SON, box 8, Telephone building.
Qj -19= RESTAURANT: JUST THE PLACE
*Tp'd— ,*). for man and wife; well established; re-
ceipts daily $.0 to $_5; full investigation allowed
for one week; rent only $25. paid up until the 10th
of April. 6131/2 Jones St., near Geary.
■QJOC A. PARTNER -WANTED FOa wood
— t./U. and coal yard; must understand read-
ing and writing; can clear $75 a month. Call 810
Sixth st.
ipOR SALE— SALOON; ONE OF THE BEST IN
JT . San Francisco: location and fixtures Al: sell-
ing on account of leaving city. Call on W. D.
HE.NDRICKSAN, 120 Sutler st. •
P~ APER-FLOWER STORE; OCX AYS FlX-
tures for sale cheap. 526 Taylor st.
ROCERY AND B \KERY' FOR SALE
cheap. " UEG ARTY", 860 Market St., room 10.
1 dT_f»AA DOWNTOWN SALOON: GOOD LO-
j «JJ>UUV7. cation; day business. Cull Office. -
I CJOAA SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSE. IN-
. <3p._U\'. quire 49 Stevenson st.
\v anted— INTELLIGENT man, with
'» $1000, to siart a new smokeless powdenclll.
Address is. A., box 23, this office. '
ARTNEK. GOOD BUSINESS; young MAN
preferred; furniture and storage. 414 McAllis-
ter st. - ..
ELL.PAYING DOWNTOWN RESTAU-
! T» rant with _0 rooms for sale cheap, on account
of other business; also good saloon. ; Inquire
LAMLE&CO., *65 Third st. .
ALOON FOR SALE. APPLY AT 4NCHOR
Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
AHEAP — NO REASONABLE OFFER RE-
\J fused: stationery and fixtures for sale; estab-
lished store to let; rent $16. Address C. N., box
49, Call Office.
<£. IMA SAMPLE-ROOM ON MARKET ST.,
C'T II U. close to Baldwin Hotel; rent $60; four
years' lease: to be . sacrificed : owner going East.
Call 5.H3 California St., Plicenix bar. ■ -
<2_TAA STATIONERY', CANDY. ICECREAM
»JP»JUU. parlor, with stock of cigars and tobacco;
beautifully fitted .up: stock and fixtures worth
more than the money. Apply this office.
AKKRY.CANDY. CIGARS AND LAUNDRY
office; bargain: living-rooms; low rents; no
a&eut.s. Inquire Call Office. . ■ .
I? OB SALE— BRANCH BAKERY; CORNER
r Twentieth and Castro sts.; sickness the cause;
steady trade:. make offer.
Q^A RESTAURANT; WELL ESTAB-
OOXJ . lished; gco.l steady trade; everything
in good running order: sure targain. 126 Ninth.
CjOAA t-'IGA-TsTOR O0 D LOCATION"
__\/v/. bargain. Inquire 131 Montgomery aye.
T?OR SALS OB EXCHANGE— DON'T FAIL TO
I T look this up; the best appointed, the most
g'anily fitted up saloon, clubrooms and wine-cellar
in San Francsco; large stock; well established*
j long lease; low rent; (loins; a good business; will
sell or cash or exchange for Ci:y, Oakland or San
Jose property: reaso 1 for selling, retiring from
business. Address M.- W., box 34, Call Office. -
OTEL am) RESTAURANT, good BUsl"
Dess, at v bargain; in country, short distance
from >an Francisco; saloon in conneciion wjth
business; well .furnished: i.arty desires': to retire
from business. Address C, box 5, call Office.
.TjVINE H OTE I.FOKKKST CHEAP: 12 SUN-
£ nyside. City. Apply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
ANDY' STORE, BAKERY. stationery
and notions; doing agood business; established
16 yeßrs; must aell on accotin; of moving into mv
own place : no reasonable offer refused. 209
Twenty fourth st. . ■
SMALL FIRST-CLASS DAY SALOON; GOOD
kJ reasons for sale. inquire fruitstore. Bush and
Dupont sts ; tall 10 to 12, 3 to 4 p. m.
A "_* ____ lfl> LIQUOR - STORE. ALSO
xx steam trade: centrally loca-.ed, off Market st.
Address T. A., box 72, this office. ;
TpiRST-CLASS NE WSPA PBB MAN TO TAKE
X an interest in one of the best-payine newspapers
on Pacific coast ; must be sober and reliable. Ad-
dress N. p., box 75, Call.
,^^;")0 COR ? ER GROCERY AND BAR;
this office* tranBler:pleasantllvin rooms. Apply
C ALOON AND RESTAURANT; GOOD PaY-
£J ing business: on account of sickness; $350.
714 Bryant St., near Fifth. '■ .
VOR SALE-MY RESTAURANT: I HAVE
± other business. 1416 Howard or 2831 Sixteenth".
F?L S Rn r ( ' OKNER GROCERY AND BAR,
X with 6 living-rooms upstairs; ; rent cheap; good
trade. Apply at 201-203 Market st. - f^\
T i AK( H BOTRDiNG-HOUSKTAND SALOON-
A^B22 U M_K UCe: reaBonable i m*""'-
H AE^ A IN , : RESTAURANT: Al LOCATION-
£> good business; investigate this. LYNCH, 935
FFSTNKSS CHASCKI- rontlnna4.__
. NOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
IN promptly for cash. HEALY CO., 23 Kearny
KAA STATIONERY, SO HOOLBOO X «.
; ♦frIDUU. candy, has exclusive trade of school near
store; rooms: full value. Ht-ALY. 23 Kearny st.
d-Of_A PARTNER W ANTED- Al CASH
: 3h_.oU. business, clearing ■: to each $75 per
month: no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEA ,_M Kearny.
■IJARGAINSTO-DAY— KLEGASTLIQUORSA-
I > loon near Market and Powell sts.. 2 entrances:
downtown saloon lunch house. $150; commis-
sion and produce house, short distance from San
J rancisco: groceries, liquors and shipping supplies,
city front; partner in saioon. $175. Apply W. _.
'• HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearnv st. .-
-1? OR BA_ B OR EXCHANGE— CORNER SA-
' loon; established for years; finely fitted up and
carrying large stork | and leas ■ : : cheap rent; good
location; near Market; uo agents. Address S. H.,
box 6, all Office. . .
SALE— GROCERY AND BAR. 721 POLK
r street. .. ; ______
SNAP: SALOON; G< 'OD LOCATION: RARE
chance: see this. LYNCH. 935 Market st.
UTCHKB-SHOP; CHEAP: ON ACCOUNT
of sic_ne*s. 1806 Howard st
p ROCERY ANDBAK: ORSE AND WA ON:
\J 3 years' lease: no opposition. Apply Califor-
nia Brewery, Douglas and Diamond sts. -
CURST-CLASS SALOON: CHEAP; FINE
-T cash register, safe and private rooms. 209 Ellis.
MALL MORNING AND EVEN fNG ROUTES,
0 daily papers. Ap. 6to 7 p.m., 1713 a Buchanan.
<_^AAA INTERIOR AGENCY OF.' THIS
<Jpc)UUU. paper for sale. • Inquire at thl» office.
<_ 1 IAA , CHICKEN RANCH FOR SALE:
3MIUVI. cheap rent; 1000 laying hens, 30d
young chickens, horse and wagon, harncw, cow
and tools. Inquire MR. K. ARNDT, 529 Sixth at.
OTtiL, WITH BAR AND 34 ROOMS; ALL
occupied: north of Market St.; run by present
owner 10 years: everything in good condition: ia
cheap: for sale on account of departure from busi-
ness. Apply at 400 Bay St., cor. Mason, S. F.
_■ I KflH FOR INTEREST Tn A WELL-
♦JrJLUUU established grocery and general mer-
chandise ousiness: stock and fixtures worth $3600;
one partner retiring; investigation solicited. Ap-
ply Call Office. ■■ -
\ SNAP; CIGAR STAND DOING A GOOD
__ business, for s»le, on account of other business.
See proprietor between 11 and 1 o'clock, 1 Taylor.
/-IORNER GROCERY AND BAR: CHEAP IF
\J sold at once. 321 Twenty-fourth st.
OR SALE-SALOON: OLD STAND. 2868
J? Mission St.; call from 12 to 1.
PLENDID BUSINKSS OPPORTUNITY FOR
alive man: grocery and bar for sale, cheap: 9
living-rooms: rent only $20: good reasons. Apply
this office; principals only. ______
W A NTED-TEN FOR THE McMAHON
VV House in Hbllister: very favorable lease to
right party: furniture, carpets and fixtures at half
price. Apply to THOMAS McMAHON, 628 Mar-
ket st. ■ " ■
_»1 £Afl MILK ROUTE AND 18 FINE
OUU. milking cows, 4 horses, harness, _
wagons, cans and everything Included. 46 Capp.
T IQUOR-STORE FOR SALE. 213 THIRD
— J street.
mo WAGON-MAKERS- WANTED PARTNER
X in old-established shop in this city; first-class
woodworker preferred. Address P. O. 8., box 110, ,
Call. ; ■
APER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
WANTED TO BUY A GOOD BUSINESS 410
' ' Kearny St.. room 6. _
_OI>CIV<;-HOITSKH FOX SALE,
<_ £ K, n T CORNER H O USE, 2(T ROOMS. Al!
tIPOtJU. ways full, clearing $60 month: 12
rooms, fine location: 36 rooms, only $750: 80
rooms, clearing $200 month, $2800. HEALY &
CO. , 23 Kearny st.
CORNER-H0U5E...... $5000
DV7 40 rooms, clearing $150 per month 40'J
21 rooms onEddystreet. only. 600
19 rooms on Sutler street, payments ..... 1000
16 rooms on Taylor street 750
15 rooms corner on Eddy 1100
18 rooms sunny corner ou Post 1600
4.* rooms on Market Rt 2600
I 12 rooms new and koo<l on Mission 600
H. c. DKCKER, 10_0 Market, opposite Fifth st.
OA-ROOM HOUSE; CLEARING $100f FINK
_U location. DECKER. lO'.'O Market st.
<i_ £\f\f\ 40-ROOM HOUSE, CLEARING $1 50
«IPO«.)Uv/. to $200 per montn: low rent: every
thing complete ior notel; bargain seldom met with;
investigate. BARRETT <fc 3__B_,9S— Market st.
"L^OR SALE— »2SO; ODGING-HOUSE' AND
X saloon; good location: fine place for man and
wife. B. CURRAN, 2_3 East st., opposite ferry.
OTICE-100 LODGING-HOUSKS FOR SALE
1> from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
C_7AA ON ~ ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSt-
«IP I Ulf. ness: 45 moms; clearing $100 per
month; $600 cash, oalance installments. 115 Sec*
' ond st. - . • ■ "
ARGAIN; $800: 26 NICELY FURNISHED
rooms; fine location on Market sU: departure.
Apply Call.
j_.>-/k CHEAP: LoDuiNG- h"oT:se FOR
<IP_<cJU. sale: 65 beds: clears $100 __r mouth;
trial given.' Call after 4 i\ m., 140 Mmmi st. '
A')\ O' FARUELL— \VK L I^FURNISHED
l*~*.f lodgins-house; 15 rooms and batn: owners
forced to sell on account of leaving the City.
*O-/| HOUSES ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
♦IT OOVf. newly furnished. ■ 36 Taylor st.
! 1A- KOOM ITB ISHKD ROOMING-HOUSE;
1U all full. ' Call 1537 Mission st,
{•fCAA 22 ROOMS; NK.W CORNER HOUSE;
jtrOUVJ. all full: low rent. 712 Kearnyst.
QAQ FOURTH— NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT-
OvfOed; room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MAKTINI. 317 Washington st.
' _>*_>J_.W_. UiviO FOX »A_K.
H"^~^TIcRAi^rYTT?U^NrrURE" " AND^BKIV
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 779Misaiou.
TTiURNITURE OF HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS FOR
X I sale. 913 Howard st.
I JURE SALE ! ' "
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed seta $l> 50
Bed lounges -...'... 8 00
Stoves .; 7 60
Carpets, per yard ; ....: 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, per yard ; 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
. stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN. -
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW..... $75
tr _edlounges trimmed with plash $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid ; 40eup
Window shades in 5 colors 25c up
SHIREK <fc SHIREK, 747 Market St.. opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores.
A(\C\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
TV/U stoves. $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-.ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, ll_t
Fourth st.
"T-URNITURE OF 4-ROOM FLAT, CHEAP.
r 1039 Ninpteenth st. --.
CAKPK- Ci,r;ASl>'U.
f\ E AT WEST ERN^TEX>T"c^A^P_T^EtEAT-
VT Ing works: latest Improved machinery ; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
CIARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD: KE-
\J laid, 5c per yard. S. STRATTON. IB Eighth.
piTY STEAM CARPET CLE A VA-
\J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 25a
pAHI'BTS CL-ANKD AND RENOVATED
\J ilke new. FERGUSON _ CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH _ CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 240
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
JMcQU CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson : tel. south 228.
ATI ONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
-V vating Works HAMPTON &BAILLY- layin*
an-I altering. 31S-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission H 1
W HEN YOU BECOME DIBGUSTED WIT
'" "poor work send to spa ULDINO'S Pioneer Car-
r>t Beating Works. 353-7 Tehama: tei. 80-40.
( >ONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORK:* 3Jj"
_______wr>Ul_»n <<ato avp : telephone «-ast 126.
- DENTISTS. ,
HONEST WORK: VERY~L0 IWEBT PIUCEsT
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
T?ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
J five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY', 24 Sixth st.
OET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
0 G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk si.
I \R. 080- W. .LEEK. THE GENUINE
xJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved b/idge worlc or teetn
witnuut any plate, moved from 6 to _0 O'Farrell st.
T> a INLESS -EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN
■i- bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13 year*'
expprie' cc. R. 1.. WALSH. D.D.S., 8153/ i Geary.
j iK H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRII>G_>
-M work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. l. T.CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS."
crown work, bridge work and teeth . without ,
plates a specialty. 103 t-eary st.. cor. Grant aye.
CBOOMB DENTAL A ssOC A T lON, 769 MA R-"
\J kei. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only relt-
ablaagent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
ton $5; fillings fnn $1 : extracting 50c. with gas $1.
• d* 7 ; A SET FOR TEETH : WaKRANTK.D A3
«B> • good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMM_,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
1 |B. LUDLUM HlLi>. 1443 MARKET BT_"
1J near Eleventh: no charg. for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from Superset: extracting 50c: gas given.
1 'OLTON DENTAL A S.-<OCIaT K>N . »0B MAK-
AJketst." DR. CHA RLES W. DECKE R.
DR. J. J.LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDKX
Gate aye.— evenings: Snndays till noon.
I_ WORK REASONABLE AND WAIV
ranted. DR. J W. KEY; 1122 Market st. >
\\VE_K 8 -. NEWS FOR 8 ' CENTS— THK
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for maillnK.
V;V . ■;. , PHYSICIA-SsT '
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O'D()N^VKiTI~TO~I2OB
XV Market st.; diseases or woman a specialty. •
R.A.dk LUCIS.PHYBICN"-SURGEdN7ROYA L
Unive.-.ty Turin.ltaly. Nucleus bldg,6«>l MarM1
HOPSW TO LKT.
1 7A7 JONEB ST. 4su x BOOMS ; I
1 IVJ i $15; near Broadway.: -. j
STYLISH MODERN House, «022 Ci.AY— I
i~ 9 rooms, bath, garden, etc Call on BALD-
WIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomerj* st. i ,
OUSE 5 ROOMS; bath. 2402 POST, NEAR
Broderick. ' . ■ ' ;
HOUSE 9 ROOM CHEAP TO ' GOOD TEN-
ant. 235 I>|l st. , I
S.),i HOUSE 9 ROOMS; FOB IOR 2 FAM- J
*-v/. Uies. 630 Webster s',. j
,-•> 1 El US ST.— ROUSE 6 SUNNY BOOMS;
U«£tt bath; water free; go^d location; rentcheap. 1
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS: BATH AND YARD ;
.rent $15. 147 Valencia st.
O^">Ql 1 r'EK— FOB i;OCTOR OB DRESS-
O-ua maker; appreciated if seen; $45; water,
free.
Cji Q ELEVENTH AYE., COR K. B. AYE.;
tj)XO. 10 rooms, barn aud stable. NICOL, 534Vs j
California .-:.
ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN &
.HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
*'Li;NlSiii-;i> UOUSKS.
ON ACCOUNT OF IMMEDIATE DEPARTURE
a completely, furnished house will.be rented
very reasonable: Brooms; bath. '.*tl7 Sutler st.
COiTAGKS TO KJET.
Ql I -,n SMAIJ: 'I COTTAGIOI S »T4
<£pJL.L.Uv/. near cor. Clay and Powell. •
/COTTAGE B ROOMS; BATH: LARGE BASE-
\J ment: yard; flowers. 2105 Webster st., near
Sacramento.
ajKJ \(\ CHEAP COTTAGE, 11 RUSSELL
'_ •'.«JU. be, near corner of Hyde and Union.
AY-WINDOW COTTAGE; 4 BCOM8; BALL;
>* bath: yard. 127 Chattanooga st., near 23d.
fj ROOMS, BATH, GAS, CELLAR. 421.CEDAR
U aye., oft' Geary, near Lnguna.
OUNXY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; 6
0 large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near l'cior.<.
1 LATS lv 1..K1 .
9/\*7-209 WEBSTEB^SONNY FL*ATS OF 5
—\J I and 7 rooms; modern conveniences; rent
reasonable.
il>m FINE UPPER FLAT 8 RO iMS AND
<a-«-V/. bath. 1029 Valencia, near Twenty-first.
01 i' UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS. 106 MORRIS
Q-LU. aye., near Sixth and Brj-ant sts. .
\"l' EaUNNYJLATOF B ROOMS, IN GOOD
JL> ordtr: rent $12 50. 2241J O'Farrell st.
ii«l A "SUNNY 3-ROOM FLAT. IGISGROVE
'^ X\J. si., near Lyon, Golden Gal ■ Park.
11 90 MCALLISTER ST. -UPPER FLAT:
-»-J-«-O modern; 7 rooms and bath; $30. G. H.
. U MBS EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
1 /IQQ MCALLISTER ST.— LOWEB FLAT; 7
X aOt/ rooms anil bath; $27 50.
QO UPPER FLAT: 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 5
QO. Everett st., near Third.
\TEW BAY-WINiiOW FLAT; 5 LIGHT
-■-> rooms; $18; bath, gas, tabs. 911 Folsom. nr.sth.
SUNNY CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND
bath; 327 Tenth st.; rent $25. Apply DAVID
1 XXX & SONS, 20 Montgomery st.
] ■) WEB FLAT; 329 TENTH ST., BET. FOIr
Li som and Harrison; 6 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. Apply 'DAVID STERN & SONS, 20
Montgomery st.
"1 Z\A I EDDY— NEW SUNNY COBNEB FLAT;
-L<-'"i-L 6 rooms; latest improvements; basement.
<2> 1 C ONLY-FIVE SC NN V B 'M 8 : BATH;
OJ-t-' fine basement and yard; 217 Collingwood
st., near- Nineteenth and Castro. BALDWIN ifc'
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
EAUTIFUL FLAT — 5 LARGE SUXNY
rooms, bath and laundry. 1515Va Mission St..
near Eleventh.
YEW SUNNY FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
-•-> was $20, now $13 50; Castro cable; see photo-
grapb. HOVEY. 508 California »t.
\ £\V, MODERN, SUN.N , UPPER, CORNER
.LNflat: 6roouas; bath; stable. 1232 Eighteenth.
9 ELEGANT NEW FLATS: 6 AND 7
*- rooms: all mod m: sun m every room; on elec-
tric line; the best location in the Mission. Twenty-
fifth and Folsom.
i ROOMS: UPPER: NEW; FRONTING PARK
"i panhandle. 1622 Fell, near Lott.
L" i.atjTr OMS, BATH, SALT-WATER bath
X I included; all modern impiovements. 915 a Poat
street; rent $45.
O ROOMS PLEASANTLY sTTLATED IN
*J rear of 418 Hyae st. Apply 418.
LEGANT FLAT 6 ROOMS AXD BATH;
-i all latest improvements. 713% Grove st.
9 FLATS: 4 AXD 5 ROOMS; 812 AXD 812 Vi
— Jessie nr. Ninth: $12 and $14: key at grocery.
*>jTu \ FOLSOM, COB. TWENTIETH-4 BIG
— IUU rooms; flat; JlO.
QM 7 CAPP. NEAR TWENTY-FOURTH—
O"± I Mo.l"m 5-room flat: sun all day. .> : :.
■ ) 1( 1* ELL— FLAT OF 6 ROOMS; BATH;
Oil' latest improvements.
C'O'J -~(\ ELEGANT .SUNNY MODERN
• -•'.')'.'. flat opp. Jeffersou square; 5 rooms,
baih. 9^ Golden CjLate aye. .
3Tl~^ ROOMS, BATH. 409y 3 THIR-
•Q i- 1 . teenth st., above Valencia- '. .
nrfl FILLMORE— SUXNY CORNER SIX
\ 'I rooms and bath; cheap to good tenant.
irLTT< TO LET, OPP. LURLINE BATHS; 6
-F sunny rooms; bath; cellar. 1212 Larkln st.
U"EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL: 2 ELEGANT
-T flats: 5 and 6 rooms. 10 Grove st,
H~ E, 7 ROOMS, BATH: FLAT, 4 SUXXY
rooms, bath, garden. 1706 Post st.
I^LAT, $14, SIX ROOMS, SUNNY; 629 SEC-
" ond st., nr. Townsend; cottage, 4 rms., yrd.. $11.
fA 9 HAVES, COR. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS
U"X— . of 3 and 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc.
A 1 1 LOVELY FLAT, 4 LARGE ROOMS,
Oli. bath, cas and yard: water free. 25i 2
lord St., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe
and Sanchez.
pOZY FLATS: SUNNY. NICE LOCATION;
\J 4 and 5 rooms: bath; Hanover pi., off Sacra-
mento, below Mason. Apply 320 Sausome, rm. 4.
<2» Ip. ELEGANT FLAT. 5 BOOMS, BATH,
t 1 iU. large yard: water free. 814 Nineteenth
St., bet. Noe and Sanchez. ■ • ■
•\ OST DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
-«1 with bath and all modern imurovements;
1635 Buuhst.; ren;. $30. MADISON <fc BURKE,
sgents. t
E' ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented; flat rented from BALDWIN «fc
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery su
E~ LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
A . WEEK'S N^WS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
"^i. WEEKLY CALL, in wraDDer. for mailiag.
ilOlstKtEl'LNd KOOJkls.
Brannan Street.
499 BRAXXAX— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
*i_— for housekeeping.
Bryant Avenue.
Tim BRYANT— CORNER, 6 FURNISHED
jL.IU.L rooms or 3 complete for housekeeping;
low rent. . .__ -
California Street.
9QH/1 CALIFORNIA — 2 SUNNY UXFUR-
ZO' It: nlsbed rooms: closetß, bath, grate.
Eddy Place. \* .
•i-rn EDDY— 3 CONNECTING SUNNY FUR-
IIO nisbed rooms for housekeeping; other
rooms: $5 up. ' '
<Tll Q EDDY— 2 ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEP-
J.XKJ ir.g; rent, $2 a week: in rear.
Ellis Street.
Zf\A ELLIS— FURNISHED PARLOR WITH
OUtt light housekeeping; also room with stove.
1-ifth Street.
Q99iFrFTH— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
OZZ housekeeping; $P. . :
y|9Ql FIFTH— ROOM AND KITCH-
trZOg en, furnished for housekeeping: first floor;
cheap. ; •
Foliora Street.
q-i f\ FOLSOM — SUNNY FRONT AND
' oJL" kitchen: furnished complete; no children.
i Fulton Street.
IAO FULTON— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
J-UO housekeeping; gas, etc.; reasonable.
OoltienOate Avenue.
QAO GOLDEN GATE AYE.— TWO SUNNT
OUV> housekeepingrooms, $15; single. $5.
Howard -•<••■.
r'Q HOWARD— Fl RNISHED FRONT
QUO room for light housekeeping; $7.
C«q 2 sunny furnished rooms for
•50. housekeeping. 27^5 Howard, nr. Twenty-
fourth
Lark in Street.
49Q LARKIN - NICE L V FURNISHED
"iZitJ Bnites: single: running water; bath; gas.
: McAllister Street.
QAf\ McALXISTEB-NICELY FURNISHED
OiU sunny rooms for housekeeping.
, ■ 1 11 ii street.
ml MIX X A — NICELY FURNISHED
1112 front housekeeping suite, first floor, $2 50
week; furnisned housekeeping room, $1 75 week;
bay-window housekeeping room, $2 50 week; quiet.
3lission >treei.
CfM MISSION— ELEGANT FRONT ROOM <t
O\JL kitchen furnished complete for. honsekeepg.
(V«i MISSION — LARGE SUNNY- SUITES,
U\JX also single, housekeepingrooms; reasonable.
arrell. Street. "... .... ...~.
001 O'FARRELL-TWOCOMPLETELY FUR-
UO.L nished rooms; housekeeping: no children.
I'olk Street.
1 A.A?\ POLK— UNFURNISHED ROOMS . TO
XX IO let for light housekeeping.
l
HCI nKllTlMl KOOMS —Continued.
Scott Street. " ~~~~
nQ SCOTT— 3 i,AJ;GE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
11*) housekeeping; partly furnisned.
' Shotwell Streot.
9-1 rr SHOTWELL— SOR 4 FURNISHED I
all rooms Sor housekeeping; gas; hath.
*ixth ■ S reet.
M>O SIXTU — 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
OZiO rooms, with cellar, for man and wife, So.
South I'iii-K.
f/»FOUTH PARK— LARGE WELL FUR-
JO nished housekeeping room; $8; single. . ; '.l
Mockton Street. ;
Q1 '1 STOCKTON— I OR 2 ROOMS FOR
OlOa light housekeeping. .
£1 1 -613~STOCKTON, NR. PINE-FLOORS OF j
I Oil 3 rooms, and yard.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUX-
■iUO uy room and kitchen; also back parlor.
1 . -h.i in. i Street.
iOP A M A-NICELY FURN I S H E D
*T— O rooms, with range, from $6; suites, $10;
private. '. J
Third Street.
QQ 4 TITinD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
. >. ):r keeping rooms; water included: rent $6.
itooais TO lei.
Bryant Street.
— i A BRYANT— PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
<J-±-± nished rooms, cheap.
r.i'.»ii Street.
-1 orv-. TUSH ST.— FURNISHED ROOM FOR |
JL.- \JO couple or two gentlemen; board if desired.
i-d<ly Street.
i9l Q KDDV-2 SINGLE ROOMS, *2 AND
»lOfi 75aweekeacn: private house.
1 i&iitii Street.
1 i\l EIGHTH— NICE FURNISHED FRONT
: lU2 room for man and wife; or two gentlemen.
Q HERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 88 BTH
' 0 st., near Market; fujnished and unfurnished.
JLllin Street.
rpnE RAMON A, 130 ELLTS st.. SAN FRAN-
X Cisco, MRS. KATE s. HART, manager— Just
: opened; a uewly furnished, well appionted, quite
house: containing 150 rooms, large and small,
i sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and elec- I
tricity, hot and cold running water in each
room: elevator and fire escapes; situate conven-
ient to the business center of the city, principal
: hotels and theaters; electric cars direct to ferry
: and park pass the door.
iiftli Street.
09 4 1 FIFTH— FRONT ROOMS $6 A MONTH;
O— "is single rooms $1 a week; new house.
"". ". Geary Street.
C-l Q OBABY— ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE OF
i U. 1.0 bedroom and parlor; also suites and single.
1 "I A] GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
lll'J Martinet: first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted; breakfast it desired.
t-iii tit- -I i.;i.«« Avenue.
QQA GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
Do\J sunny room; private family; $6.;
Grove Street.
1 A '(GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
; JLv7c' front room, $8: single room, $4.
.« Ilarrigon Street.
OCR HARRISON— FINE FURNISHED DOU-
\)Oi) ble sunny room; $6.
\-" - Hayes Street.
"I AQ HAVES— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
_LUO use of kitchen.
Hickory Avenue
"1 90 HICKORY AYE. — SUNNY FRONT
l-O room, suitable for 2 gentlemen; rent cheap.
Howard' Street. : ..";■
: 9 A HOWARD, BET. FIRST AND SECOND—
«J— tt Beautiful sunny alcove room; man and
wife or 2or more gentlemen. . G.": -f 7.
I(\iX HOWARD, COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
; I vtt nished large front room-, lirst .floor; suit-
able clairvoyant or dressmaker; also housekeepg.
Q99 HOW A R D-S XN V FURNISHED
— — . rooms; gas, bath and grate: cheap rent.
i
liyde Street.
f*C)-\ HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
I \J4iX- sunny room; gas and bath.' * '
Jackson Street.
-1 A] Q JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
: IUiO nished sunn; suite; single $5,
' Jones Street.
9A7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— . U I management; elegant Bunny snites and
I single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; SlO to S:-50.
Kearny Street.
! A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLKAS-
A ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first claas
j in every respect : terms reasonable. ■
I.ungtnn Street.
i At? LANGTON — SUNNY FRONT ROOM TO
tt«J let; private family.
Alarke- street.
VOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
I J. Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
] eight, 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5; families.
Minna Street.
t*QH MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DO 4 nished bay-window rooms; week; tran-
; sient.
Mint Avenue.
C)A MINT AVE.-FURNISnED SUNNY BAY-
— tt window suite, $12; also others, cheap.
Hiaaloa Street.
n-\ Q MISSION — MONTNOMERY HOUSE:
010 nicely furnished front room, cheap.
"1 "I 9' MISSION— FURXISHL.D AND
ll^J unfurnished rooms; housekeeping; others
1 91 r 1 MISSION— NICE NNY DOUBLE
-L — 1 • »-.j and single rooms; reasonable. . ;:."; •.-.
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
"I 'Oi MISSION— 2 LARGE LIGHT SUNNY
XU^i'i. front parlors, nicely furnished, for m-n
and wife, in private family, board and rooms $50
I per month.
Montgomery Street.
"I Q MONTGOMERY ST.. OPPOSITE LICK—
J-O Finely furnished rooms, eu suite and single:
from $6 up.
Ninth Street.
1 9£>l NINTH-NICE LIGHT .AIRY FUR-
x£\J2 nished rooms; single or en suite.
• Perry Street. ; ',-*--■
1 rrn PERRY, BET. THIRD . AND FOURTH—
liD Snnny front room ; for two or man and wife;
reasonable.
I'ost Street. '
rAO POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
O\JO rooms, rented by week or day; reasonable.
1 niMii Street.
91 C POWELL — SUNNY, QUIET, FUR-
— 1 •> nishea rooms: $8 and $10.
Kauscli Street. -
BRAUSCH, NEAR HOWARD-3 OR S NICE
unfurnished rooms; large yard; cheap rent.
Sixteenth Street.
QA9£» SIXTEENTH— NEATLY FURXISHED
j OUZiU sunny front parlor for 1 or ii; $8; other
I rooms. . '
hutter >ireet.
ICM S;U TT E — U NFURNISHED FRONT
I U I suit; 3 connecting rooms; office; gas; bath.
1 *»fJX S UTTER— LARGE SUNNY ROOM ;
l-Ut) furnished or unfuruished; new flat. ■
• Taylor Street.
Q TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
cheap. MRS. G. ALLEN, proprietress.
"I 99 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
-1 — — iiy rooms.
lliird Strees.
T\ INCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
j rooms 25c to $1 60 par night ; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r*in ; free bus.
9?\,t: THIRD, KOSTER HOUSE— FURNISHED
LXjO rooms, single and suites; $8 and «16 up. '
Turk Street.
1 9f» TURK-FRONT SUNNY ROOM SUIT-
-I^-U able for gentleman; $6 permontb. .
9 AOI TURK — BAY-WINDOW SUITE . OF
U— 4 rooms or 3 adjoining for office; also others.
Twelfth Street.
A TWELFTH ST., COR. MARKET-SUNNY
rk. front room, nicely furnished: suitable married
couple; $8. ■ • - ■
AITOBMSIS-AT-IAVT.
A"^T>VICE FREE^TTIVORCE^^LA\V^S~A^SPECN
xi. alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
NOLEN,' ATTORNEY- AT-LAW. 719
. Market st. ; advice free. ' '
. J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AXD COUNSELOR AT
. law; advice frte. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
w - DAVIDSON, ATTORNE Y-AT-LAW^29
If ' « California st.. rms. 14-16: ad Tic* fr— . • ■
~ SEVVtNti MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT^ SOLD, EXCHANGED^
xi. tented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth. A.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAKCH 10, JB9G.
I>OAKD!XU f AM) BOOMiI.
o 7\ (\ va* wes^Xvb;— Bxio akt£t"fu r-
O\J\J nished rooms; sub all day: board optional.
1A 1 A OCTAVIA— I/ABGK SUNNY r FRONT I
J-V7 akovesuit, with board; also single rooms.
1 T(* TURK-REMODELED-NEWLY FURN-
XX \J ished sultc-sancl singlejflrst-class table board
AJICELY FURNISHED " BOOMS; UNSUR-
x> passed for neutness and comfort; 50c, 76c and
$1 per day; $2, $j 50, $3 per week aud up; $8 to
$30 per mo:ith. Hackmeler's Hotel.
BEST TABLE BOA] ID IN ill CITY T*4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
OEOROK GRUENIG, Proprietor. . v
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL. 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new man.-v-rement : GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $.5 and $6 a week and up.
OMKTJIING DESIRABLE FOR GENTLE-
men at 1401 Van Ness aye. cor. Bush st.
OTEL BKRTLINO. 714 il BH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: allmod-
cru conveniences. ■
CHILDKKN UOAKDED.
LADY having a nice^coJe^wishes^i
or 2 children to care for; mother's care; near a
school. 1034 Folsom st. . •, ..•■:,'
TO BOARD; GOOD HOME; MOTHER'S
KJ care. . ; Call 109 Fourteenth St., nr. Folsom. .
WA NT ED— 2 CHILDREN FOR BOARDING;
will rective mother's care. Apply 14 Chatta-
nooga st.
V i 'UNG MARRIED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
-1- child to board; terms $S. 1709 Lexington
avenue. "
f2 OOD HOME FOR INFANT; TERMS MOD-
vT frat*>. 1014 Jackson, bet. Powell ami Mason.
stoiu.s TO liter.
TO LET— STORE WITH 14 RO')MS: SUlT-
able for saloon and lodging-house; East st. . Ap-
ply G. H. U MBS EN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Al fi FOURTH-SMALL BTOBE, WITH BOOM
*J \J in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN A CD., 14 Montgomery st."
1 ""—^ —— .i»»i— .»»»».^^— »— »^—^
OFFICES TO LEX.
ELEGANT OFFICE FOR PROKESSIOnXI
man will be vacated on March 1, at 850 Mar-
ket St., cor. Stockton: tirst floor. - fc ---
MliDlCAt.
ANEW PROCESS— XC^E^c7nE,"instßU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day: if
you want to be treated safe and sure call on the
well-known DX. POPPER, who has practiced here
I for the last 37 years, always with satisfaction, as
experience makes the master; private home In
confinement; cull and see me before going else-
where. I DR. POPPER ai;d MRS. DR. SCOTT.
I Can be sent and used at home; all cases guaran-
| teed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
TISSU E TABLETS INCREASE YOUR
-L weight 3 to 5 pounds a month; cures indiges-
tion and constipation: $1 a box. DR. CARPEN-
TER, 1170 Market St., San Francisco.
88. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
| regularity in one day; cure or.no charge; separate
j home tor patients: best skill: medical attend-
uce; low tees; regulator,' $2. 1070 Market st. ■
I % lIOM A Fill I : N D A N D MOTHER'S CARE.
-£V- MP.S. DR. FUN K.'S, 1416 Eighth Alameda.
1 R. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPE-
XJ cialist, still offers his valuable services to the
unfortunate. With a mind matured and enriched
! by studies of an advanced order, there . is hardly a
j disease in the catalogue of human ills he canuot
' treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge has been
| strengthened by extensive experience. Ladit-s, no
case peculiar to your delicate organism is beyond
' his sure control. His female monthly remedies are
i sure and safe in their effects. His tried and valu-
j able remedies for lost manhood are never failing in
their action and warranted for both young and old.
I He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
I Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant a
i cure in all cases. Consultation parlors, 1320 Mar-
j ket St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. Direct all letr
ters to box 2275. , -
I A DIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
J 218 yowell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case 1 fail to cure; 1 diseases of the eye treated •
BLESSIXG TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar -to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
j never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick" to make them
' well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
j the times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis-
i pensary. 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank;
! consult free. DX. & MRS. DAVIS' French regu-
i latlng pills, $2 50. ■ ■ . , / ; . , .
LL F E MALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
i any time; travelers helped at once: home in con-
' finement: French pills euaraiueed: consult free.
MBS. DR. WKYTH. 916 Post st., near Larkln.
DR. CAUGHREAN. SPECIALIST— ASTHMA,
gravel, male and female diseases successfully
I treated: poor treated free Fridays. 1118 Market st.
\ LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
J\. ladle 3 troubled with irregularities:* nodaneer;
6afe and sure; • $2 50 express C. O. I).; don't delay
j until too late. OSUOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER ST E ET, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children.
I ADIES"— DATTDET'S FEMALE REGULA
{ JU ting Pills', strongest, safest, best: never fail;
| »1 per box. WIDBER'3 drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
j formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole acents.
SURE CURETFOR ALL FEMALE Dl*
tases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
: flnement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
j anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYEB, 226 Turlc st.
i \ RS. DR. WEGENEK; PRIVATE HOME IN
! iTJj confinement; Irregularities cured in a few
i fcours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
! IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASJS
I see Mr Dr. .''uetz. and be content. 254 V ita.
IOR SALE-aiISCELLANEQCS.
OOD" INT^U^A^foIT^^O^^OO^GGS^FOR
sale cheap. Address 1113 Nebraska st.
IfOR <SALE CHEAP: BUSINESS BUGGY;
1 almost new. 220 Thirteenth St., nr. Howard.
p ROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE, INCLUD-
VT ing building with lease. Apply on premises,
■ 220 East st. :
A LMOST NEW '95 FOWLER BICYCLE;
J\ strongest and best wheel made; a great bar-
gain. Apply Cash, box 100, Call Ollice.
TTERBAIUUM CONTAINING 1200 DRIED
XL plants: Classiu'ed German-Latin names. 233
O'Farreil st.
TMPROVbD RELIABLE INCUBATOR: 200
■ J- eges; thoroughly tested: almost new. 1324 Pine.
■jVTEW WALL TENT, 10x10, GOOD COXDI-
-i-' tlon, very cheap. 120r>|Laguna st.
p OOD DOMESTIC SEWING-MACHINE, WITH
UT all attachments, for sale reasonable at 818
Treat aye. •
UANTITY . NEW AND SECOND-HAND
safeties for sale cheap. 328 McAllister st. •
ITSB PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
J bitters in market: buy yourwines» liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: free delivery city, Oak-
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN <fc SCHURMANN,
prop., 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery: phone red 391.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
Xi doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
LACKS > ITH - SHOP OUTFIT, FORGE
steam pump, boiler&englne; cheap. 516 Mission
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save middle^
man's profit; wo will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. Mission.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
XE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
tire and bnrglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETT R-
X I press, platform scales and desk;cneap. 102 Clay.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN BECOND-
II hand. WVS. RAY Mf« Co., 12 California st.
OU N T RS, SUELVLNG, SHOWCASES
bought and «old 1121^ Market bet. 7thandBtli
TRISTEES SALES.
I rriRUSTK.ES' SALE— IX ACCORDANCE WITH
I X the term and under the authority of a certain
Deed of Trust, duly executed by S. S. PaTT ER-
SON, party of the first part, to HEXRY C. CAMP-
BELL, and THADDEUS B. KENT. Trustees,
parties of the second part, and the SAN FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the third
part, dated March 25th, 1890, and recorded in the
ollice of the County Recorder of the County of
Fresno, State of California, in Liber 107 of Deeds,
at pages 414 and following: and in pursuance of
a resolution passed on the 27th day of: February,
1896, by the Beard of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (Xo. 9922), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid Deed of Trust
was executed, declaring that default had been
made in the payment of the principal sum and
other sums, due under said note and Deed of
Trust, and requesting and directing said HEXRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to cell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL ana THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 31st day of March, A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of EASTON, ELDRIDGE ' <fc CO., No.
638 Market street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State ■ of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash In gold
coin of the United States, all the pieces or parcels
of land situate In the Couuty of Madera (formerly
part of the County of Fresno), State of 1 allfornla,
described as follows, to wit:. . ,
According to the ofiicial plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In Township twelve (12) south, range eighteen
(18) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian: -
Of sect on eight (8) the west half of the south-
west quarter ( W. V 2 of SW. 14).
« >f section seventeen (17) the northwest quarter
(XW. v ' . , ; ; k
Containing in all two hundred ■ and forty (240)
acres of land, more or leso, together with the ap-
purtenances. hHiwwwii^<')|tejiii<u|ijiii)iHiMijiiiijwitiiriiiiig
TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin' of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the uuder-
signed on the fall ' of the hammer, balance on de-
livery of deed;, and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited aud the sale to be
void. Acts' of sale at purchaser's expense.
. HENRY C. CAMPBELL, ITr"1 Tr " „
j ■ THADDEUS B.KENT, J* ruBteea -
TO \LKASK.;
TO LEASE^sT^TTBTE~3 ; mrMTuriRA^CH*:
1 barn for 60 cows ; house 4 rooms ; bath. 1613
Mark** rh. ££g3BSS&*£!3^i:
. ..]._ : - _ TY__REA£^E STATE.^■V "^
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & co..
EASTON, ELDRI & CO.
EASTON, ELDKIDGE CO. > - 
. 638 MARKET ST.
' 638 MARKET ST. * " " '
638 MARKET ST. '
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
' - W.&LL IMPROVED. •
CHOICE LOCATION.
ifiQ CrtA -3 FINE -FLATS OF 5,5 AND
«JplO.t)l/U. 6 rooms and bath, on Grove st.,
near Franklin; also 4 tenements lv the rear: lot
27:6x120 feet, through to Ivy aye.; pays nearly
10 per cent per annum; always rented.
BIG VALUE.
* HANDSOME HOME.
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
f 7-f\f\f\ A MODERN 2-STORY _RESI-
»Jp I .UUI/.dence of 8 rooms and bath, sub-
stantially built, brick' foundation, on the north
side of Page St., near Fillmore; fine lot, 36x137:6
feet; this prooerty.cost present owner over $10,000.
ELEGANT FLATS.
ON A CORNER.
FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
<fl»l 1 AAA 2 HANDSOME FLATS OF 8
«Jp ll.Ul'u. rooms and bath each: strictly mod-
ern, well built and nearly new; rents $75 per month..
A SACRIFICK.
MUST BE SOLD.
BANK ABOUT TO FORECLOSE. .
C'l'Al'A MODERN 2-STORY RESIDENCE
«JpDU''U. of 9 rooms and bath and stable on
the north side of 16ih st., two blocks, north of
Market; large lot, 48x115 feet; haif of lot va-
cant; mortgage of $4000 in the Hibernia Bank can
remain. ' "'-' ' '
ONLY $2500.
Fl'N 1 : ' I VESTM NT.
PAYS $360 IK* ANNUM.
TWO FLATS OF 4 1 ROOMS i EACH; RE-.
1 cently renovated and in good condition; on
Glover st., near Jones; the improvements are al-
ways rented.
A NEAT HOME.
NOE STREET, NEAR MARKET.
AT A SACRIFICE.
m.QKAA A HANDSOME COTTAGE OF 5
<pOOUI/. rooms and bath; high basement:
brick foundation:, stable: conservatory; etc.; cost
nearly f 5000; lot 25x105.
CHOICE LOTS.
. SPECIAL BARGAIN&
WESTERN ADDITION.
<S*OU(\f\ CLAY ST.. NR. MAPLE; BOx
<tSOUUv/. 127:8 Vi: choice home site.
UjOrAA WASHINGTON", NR. DEVISA-
«Jt)OOUU. dero, 30x127 :8V4;.street bltuminized.
(moOCA VALLEJO ST., NEAR LYOX;
<E)O— OU. 60x157:6; ready for building; ma-
rine view. ' V:: ■■■'■•■
OUO^AA JACKSON ST., NEAR SPRUCE;
«Jj)ZOUU. 25x127:8; marine view.
dl 4 "^A LYOX ST.. NEAR FILBERT; 27:6
tJ)lttOU. xll2:6; opposite Presidio. •
NEAR PARK PANHANDLE.
dL'^AAA COR. CLAYTON AND HAVES;
$?DUUU. 50x106:3. .
<mqAAA BAKER ST., NR. OAK; 25x96:10.
o>OOXf\ CLAYTON ST., NEAR PAGE; 25x
tsZZd\). 106:3.
djni aa CLAYTON ST., NR. WALLER,
&ZIUU. 25x106.
(L'l "^AA CARL ST., NEAR COLE; 25x
«Jj)luUU. 137:6.
HKT-'SO 16THl NEAR ASHBURY; 25x102.
RICHMOND.
<2?1 Qf\f\ 11TH AYE., NR. POIXT LOBOS;
OIOUU. 50x120. _ • ;'i- ;
©1 A(\C\ 13TH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA;
3t)JL4:UU. 50x120. _
JfIACA 4TH AYE., NB. CALIFORNIA;
«SIUOU. 25x120.
i &f\ 19TH AYE., XR. POINT LOBOS;
tJJj-IOU. 25x120. .; ■■-' '-. ■■-...
GHA&n 25TH AYE., NR. POINT LOBOS;
$)4DU. 25.\120.
(UQAH 27THAVE., NR. POIXT LOBOS;
<J)OUU. 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
EASTON, ELDBIDGB «fe CO.,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
* 638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET. ST.
«38 MARKET ST.
"\TE\V BLOCK . ~~~~
1\ IS RICHMOND. ;
$50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY .
$600 and upward; a chance to make money: to
insure ft rapid sale the prices are put down below
anything else in tho entire section. Go to-day and
see the block bounded by California and Lake sts.,
10th and 12th aveß; prices $600 to $726: all
i streets graded, sewered and macadamized; terms
only $50 cash, $10 monthly, j
ONLY TEN LOTS :
. LEFT IN THE BLOCK
Bounded by 25th aye., Clement st. and Pt. Jjobos
aye.; lots $400— 550 cash, $10 monthly. If you
want one, be quick.
' LOOK AT THOSE . . '&f-*%
LOTS ON 4Tn AND STH AVENUES.
California and Lake sts.; $1000; surrounded by
car lines; .every ccnvenience; priceslow: terms
only $50 cash, $10 monthly. Call for a complete
list of Richmond property. . - ■ -- ■■• -.•:
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
■ . - 10 Montgomery st.
©XA/J CORNER; 51x100: IN BERKELEY;
(tj!«JwU. on railroad; $10 monthly.
$400— Corner; 60x100, with creek.
■ $1600— Corner; 100x100: macadamized.
$1000— corner: lOOxlUO: $15 mohthly. ,
$175— Lot 26x135; »10 down: $5 monthly.
: CHAS. A. BAILE 20 Montgomery st.
cji ar\(\ ioT:9xif4~coir"DouaLAss st..
tJIOUU. near 28th. ,
$1800—110x100; SW. cor. Ney and Crautsts.,
College Homestead Association.
$850—40x259; 3 fronts: old San Jose road, near
Oceau House, opposite Barney Farley's.
CHAS. C. FISHER. 607 California st.
I"»OR SALE— S3OOO: ROADSIDE HOUSE; 3
X acres of land; 'bouse 28 rooms;, near the ceme-
teries; cause of selling sickness: call and see; 6
months to Investigate. Inquire B. OUR AX, 223
East St., opp. ferry. : •
Q»p.r/\ POSITIVE BARGAIN; 2 LOTS 25x
tJPUOv/. 100 each; near Mission road; Worth
$/50. STRAND A CO.', 45 Third st.
T A SACRIFICE— MODERN .HOUSE, 7
rooms and batb. Apply Sunday between 10
and 2 o'clock. 163 Tremont aye., Ashbury Heights.
fIjXAAA RENTS $80; 2 HOUSES OF 4
(jpUUUW. tenements each; on Filbert st; 23x
137:6, to rear street: street work done; liousp on
rear street, only 5 years old ; this property must be
sold: title per lect; make an offer. H. MURPHY,
628 Market st.  -
T OCATION HEALTHFUL AND BEAUTIFUL;
JU Fruitvale Terminal Tract: lots $150 up.
C.OQAA 1005 TREAT AYE., NEAR 23D
«3)OOU\J'..Bt.; nearly new comfortable bay-win-
dow residence of 7 rooms and bath ; contains every
modern improvement; good stable; terms,. $500
cash, balance s3o per month: sen it immediately.
TOBIN A MeN ALLY, 630 Market st.
L. BRESSE A CO., r ~ T"
. BEAL ESTATE AGENTS, .-•':- :
HOUSE AND INSURANCE BROKERS,
412 PINE ST.,
NEVADA BLOCK BUILDING.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5456.
Call at our office and get a»llst of properties for
sale and houses to let. . .
©OQ AAA *0X80: FINE PROPERTY; 3
«Jp^jO.UUU. stores flats ;rents 160. 325 sth.
.A BCTIC OIL WORKS.EMPLOYES LOOK OUT
■i\. for the sale of Potrero lots at auction Tuesday,
March 10. CENTER& SPADER, 30 Montgomery.
LOR SALE— OR WO LOTS ON FALCON
r and Twenty-second St. at your own price. Call
at 865 Mission st. ■ • ,
Q* 1 Af A WILL SECURE A NEW BA Y-WIN-
dow cottage; modern imnrovements:
basement; lot 25x100; Broderlck St., near Haight.
Apply 1330 Miaslonst. '■■■.■ v ;
AHEAP FOR CASH; HOUSE 6 ROOMS; 4.
\J lots. Cor. Crescent and Bank sts. (Holly Park).
ARGAIN— HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 6
rooms and bath. Apply. 929 Twenty-third st.
NICE 5 -ROOM, BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
i-l and bath; brick foundation; high basement;
all modern; will sell with or without furniture;
cheap: easy payments. lOHCappst.
ODKRX 2-STORY DWELITxg, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500; flats
an cottages built at equally reasonable rates. Call
aud see plans. JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mls-
-Bion st. . --■'■■■■:'-- ....•:■"'■
<2il AAA FINE CORNER; 104x100; ON
({plv/UU. Cal. and Nev. R. R. In Berkeley; $50
down, $15 monthly. -- ''"* ;^BMWtl^ ll ' l^WßßKt£l!£lMliL'iEQEl
$350-1 acre hill land: $5 monthly.
$750— Business lot: 50x100: $10 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st.
Jl.-I Of\f\ FOR SALE— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
iIMUUv. and bath. 11 Florencost., off Vallejo,
bet. J '•nes aud Taylor. ■■■;:.■-. .;.:.. ,
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
JT Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
In Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
Zoe St., city. -'■■■■■■': ._' } . v ■■•■■-■ ti.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR IMPROVEMENTS .AT
JT school houses— Sealed proposals will be received
by ihe Superintendent of Common Schools, in
open session of the Board of I Education, new ( City
Hall, on Wednesday, March 25, 18»6, at 8:80 P.H.,
for the construction of. water-closets, outbuildings
and bulkhead at the Longfellow Primary and Rin-
con Grammar schools, at the Denman Grammar
School and at the 'Primary School, in the
City and County of San Francisco, . In accordance
with - plans and specifications - at , the office . of
Charles I. Havens, architect of the board, room 55,
Flood building, corner Fourth and Market sts. '
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids as tne public good may require. ■.-.>■■ -.
'^-- r CITY REAL ESTATE.
pENTER <S SPADER 
.. WILL HOLD
A GRAND SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OF
POTRERO PROPERTY ■
AT THEIR SALESROOM. • .
v . . ,30 MONTGOMERY ST.,
ON TUESDAY, MARCH 10, AT 12 O'CLOCK M.,
BY ORDER OF MRS. JOS. SEDGLEY. ~~
"I C* LOTS IN Br.OCK 91, FRONTING ON
XU Utah, Nebraska and Nineteenth sts. ■
ULOTS IN BLOCK 92, FRONTING ON
Utah, Nebraska and Nineteenth sts. . .■■—." .
I O LOTS IN BLOCK 106, FRONTING ON NE-
ID braska, Twentieth and Vermont sts., fronting
Buena Vista Park; Vermont st. graded.
1 LOTS IN BLOCK 75. FRONTING 175 FEET
II on Potrero aye, 200 feet on Solano st. and
175 feet on Utah. \____
■VTORTKEAST CORNER POTRERO AYE.
XI and Solano : 62:6x100.
SOUTHEAST CORNER EIGHTEENTH ST.
and Treat aye., 67:9 on Eighteenth st. by 197
feet on Treat aye. : street sewered. . >
SOUTHWEST COR. OF 18TH ST. AND TREAT
aye.; 39 feet on 18th st. by 150 feet on Treat
aye.
lOTON THE EAST'SIDE OF TREAT AYE.,
±J bet. 18th and 19th sts., 54x119.
THE ATTENTION OF MANUFACTURERS
is specially called to these last three pieces, as
they offer special inducements. •
pORNER LOT, FRONTING 50 FEET ON HAR-
\J rison St., 50 feet on Alabama st. and 124:6 i.et
on Solano st. ; all streets sewered and graded.
lOTON THE WEST SIDE OF BRYANT AYE.,
i bet. 19tb and 20th sts.: olectric cars pass this
lot; street sewered and graded; 25x100. ■■
pORNER LOT, FRONTING 100 FEET ON
\J east side of Hampshire street and 100 feet on
north side of Solano street.
POTRERO AVENUE-LOT WEST SIDE, 100
X feet north from Solano street; 37:6 feet by 200
feet to Hampshire street; frontage.
EASY TERMS; ONE-THIRD CASH; BAL-
J ance 1 and 2 years: ti le guaranteed by the
California Title Insurance Company.
For full particulars and subdivisions see dia-
grams at office.
CENTER & SPADER, Agents.
S. P. MIDDLETON, Auctioneer.
COIIKTKI KEAL KSTAT&,.
TpDWIN K. ALSIP ~>~&~CO.^ r "^'™ "
; , REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
SACP.AMENTO AND SAN FRANCISCO.
fflj/lAAA VERY LITTLE CASH REQUIRED
«IPTtUUU. as first payment; 20 acres near Mer-
ced, with 7 acres in fruit, 7 acres in viueyard and
the balance alfulfaland; all under irrigation : good
8- room house, barn, chicken-house, etc. ; lin« well
of water; good location. ;
ffI>7AAA 36 ACRES: ONLY 5 minutes'
<tjp I \J\J\J. walk from Madrone station, Sonoma
County: 16 acres in bearing orchard, 15 acres in
grain; fine bouse of 9 rooms; large barn, outbuild-
ings, etc.; good well and mountain spring water;
same personal property included; adjoining the
above is 147 acres of fine loam soil; 16 acres
cleared and planted to grain, the bai&nce heavily
timbered; all fenced; numerous springs; price
$4500. • .
<Bil QCiCI 22 ACRES, 4 MILE&FROM NAPA
»JPXOT-»\F. City; 2 acres in full bearing and 18
acres in young orchard: some scattering oak tim-
ber; living stream of. water on one side; spring
water piped to the house, which has 4 rooms; fair-
sized barn; easy terms of payment.
EDWIN K. ALSIP <fc CO..
9 Rotunda, Mills building,
San Francisco.
TTSTABLISHED 16 YEARS.
JEi N. D. JSICKELS
THE
1 :•• LAND AGENT. V ? -? A,-''r;
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions) ; most reliable,
lates. and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
A SHUBST COLONY. ~~~ . :
J\. At Anhurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes in
this colony and are determined to surround our-
selves with neighbors who wish at once to have
schools and churches and readlne-rooms in our very
midst. We have every facility for a grand devel-
opment. We make it possible for all who are en-
terprlsin.g thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort and abundance. Address
ASHURST COLONY,
: Room 10, Mills Building. S. F.
T\T ANTED— A RELIABLE, WELL-RECOM-
'■«"■ mended farmer-tenant for a 200 acres good
level ranch at Woodside, San Mateo County; take
charge at once; crop this season volunteer hay and
summer fallow i/ s the ranch;place suited for dairy;
has new 7-roomea house: close to school. Apply to
L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay St., S. F. ■ Terms liberal.
TITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TVVING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st., S. F. . ,
M~~ ARIN COUNTY— ACRES 28 MILE 3
from Sail Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; j frntt, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms made
to suit ; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 84
and 66 Chronicle building.
ENDFOROUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
D for sale. WOOSTKR <fe WH ITTON. San Josa.
CLAIKVOV ASTs.
ROF\ Z,\NZK^TIiE~\\TrrrE~^MTH~A^MA
palmist and elsiirvoyaDt medium, 303 Mason
St.. tells past, present t%ud future events with ut-
most truth; sittings: ladle's 60c, gents $1.
C AC AND $1. ~ 50c AND fl.
O\J PROFESSOR LEON,
633 POST ST. :
Wonderful power to tell past, present and future;
advice on all affairs: evil influences removed; let-
ters with stamps answered; hours, 9to 8. . ..•■-■
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future;2sc up. 764 Howard st.
ME. ARNDf, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world; 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TKjuLS
past, present, future: ladies 60c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
ME. SYBILLE — LIFE-READER; PASTT
present, future; charms; fee 60c. 914 O'Farrell
T>EST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
■D and gents; fee 25c. 206 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dium and card- reader. 132 Turk st. '
ME. STEWART THE GREATEST CARD
reader and clairvoyant In the world seventh
daughter; has read cards since 11 years of age; and
mining, lawsuits and marriage: ladles or gents
50c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4. . - , .
ME. RAVENA OF 828 HOWARD ST. AN-
nounces to her patrons removal to 5 Fourth, r.
3 and 4; sittings daily; tips races; names given : 25c.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
it by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: feesl; letter $2. 929 Post st.. nr. Larkin.
Sl' I KIT I. IS M..
- ■■ _ A . •—--;"-— -----;^-
PROF.VAN.DE VERK :
A splendid opportunity to consult this famous
medium for a mere pittance.
If you would Know wha the future holds for
you call without delay. Advice on all matters.
PROF. VAN DE VERE.
•-.--■ 1646 Market st.
TV/I RS. DREW WILL HOLD A PARLOR TEST
IVJL circle, 323 Fell St.. assisted by Dr. Sutherland
of Tacoma, this evening at 8 o'clock ; admission 25c.
rffEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT 7 10 CENTS; MME.
X YOUNG, 605 McAllister; skeptics invited. :
ATE HUESMAN CIRCLK TO-NIGHT; 26c;
no message, no fee. - 793 Stevenson, off Ninth.
YPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
VJ days Included) : 25c. 946 Mission ; hours 10 to 9.
RJ.J.HULTHEN,CLAIRVOYAN
medium, mineral psychometrist. 1007 Market.
CZEM.A. RH U ATIBM, ASTHMA; HAIR
grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treatea by W. H. DRUHE, at 1207 Market St., r. 2.
SEAL, MEDIUM: SITTINGS; TOBACCO
; habit cured or no pay; obsessions cured; dis-
eases of women cured: lire. 10 to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8.
RS.-. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium : sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
:■ , ..:' ; ,•■ VIH A.N CJ A1..~ : ■,;■• ■ ■ ■
OA^fs^O^IS^^AIfD^ErMbRTGAGEs'AND
life insurance policies: low rate of interest:
bankbooks bought. . 330 Montgomery st.
ffl» inn ( f\f\ TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
JmiUU. UU ance policies; Cripple Creek and
Utah mining stocks bought. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
T OAN— WANTED AT 7Vi PER CENT
\j on city realty. E. L., box 58, Call Office. -
. .-._-:■ . ■■■■■• BTOKAGB /■ y . ■;- ; : ;-;.
T'^hTrwn^eyTtw^Ts^kjn^st^rllge'at
reduced rates: basement storage, sl 60 per load
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN <fc CO.. 751 and 763 Market st.
APPLY FOR RATES SOB. STORING FURNl-
ture, etc. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market. :
MERICAN FURNITURE CO.. 1127 MAR
A ket: storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32.
TORAGE OF F-URNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
hoId goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 736 Market st.
WILSON . BROTHERS. ; 1710 i MARKET-
fittMrasei tow nl«a; : t«l«9boa« &o<Ufc '^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
• OAKXAND KEA_ ESTATE.
POTTAGE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; CORNER
\J lot 118x134; fruit trees and eoou barn ; one
block fro uelectrlc cars, East Oakland; for ex-
chance for properly centrally locaied ■ and ■" pay
$1200 caeh difference; value. $4000. See E. _.
BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE— ON EASY TEHMS, 3 CDTTAG ES
and corner store in We«t Oakland ; price »200 >.
WM. SULLIVAN. 1212 Utah St., San Francisco.
XCHANGK LIST— HOUSE, BARN AND 10
-— acres fruit and choice vines, near Brentwood,
$3000, clear; 2 lots In Stockton, near etec ricroad,
$1000, clear; block of 12 lots in growing town of
Acton, 81000, clear; modern cotiace of rooms
and stable, $3500 mortgage, $1250;^modern 7-
room house, Pacific avenue. Sana Cruz, for clear
ranch, $7500, bank loan S3000: 160 acres, Howell
County, Mo., $1600. clear; bargains In lots aud
houses for. sale. BENHAM _ THOMAS, 465
Ninth St., Oakland. .. ■ -■ : . ■■■'■ ■-? ■ :■,■:■':-,■■:■■■
<&. QOKft FINE 2-STORY MODERN HOUSE;
O£O\J. 7 rooms and bath; must be sold;
larjre lot: 10 minutes' walk of City Hall. A. H.
BREED «fc CO., 460 Ninth St.. Oakland.
HOUSE AND LOT, 115x146"; ; GOOD LOCA-
tion; only $1000; terms to suit. LODGE _
POWELL, Frultvai:e station.
OOK! $100! LOTS ON . INSTALLMENTS;
no Interest; near local trains and electric cars. !
H.B. PINNEV, 902. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
lOWER FLAT 5 SUNNY ROOMsTmODERN^
l $lt>; near local train. Apply 855 Harrison st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAM DA REAL (STATE.
\vn7 5253J03o r HTY?NT?Vv"
«3) 1 \fy 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, eel 001. etc : ! with large
lot; $2400 to S3OGO; send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda. . -
OR SALt- — $4250; HOUSE; 9 ROOMS: MOD-
ern: gas, bath, etc.: lot 60x140: Central aye.
K. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st., Alameda.
OOK-$350 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park St., Alameda. on installments: fine
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 LToadway, Oakland.
<_9finft LARGE 6-ROOM COTTAGE ON
«3P_pUUv/. Alameda aye.; cheapest piece of
property in Alameda; to be sold in 30 days. E. D.
UDD, "1424 Park st, •■■ ' ■ ' -
_ fIQAA AN ELKG ANT NEW COTTAGE;
«J>— iOUU. 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x203; $150
cash, $20 per month— No. 732. •
$1750— Cottage; 5 rooms an.i bath; $20 per
month: a snap— No. 736.
$2000— New cottage: 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127: $150 cash, $20 per month— No. 739.
1500— Worth $2700; to close an estate; corner;
94x115; street work, sewer, etc., complete; will
make 3 building lots, r , .
$3000— New modern cottage: near station; no 1
cash down; $30 per month— No. 698. . .; ,
$950— iy acres land on Bakers aye.; worth
$1700; one-half cash.
Choice lots for sale, houses to let In All parts of
Alameda. H. P. MOREAL &CO., 1432 Park st.
• BERKELEY REA_^ ESTATE. . ■
ACRIFICE— WE GIVE YoU'tH__6t" i -"YOU
• pay cost of the bouse. r - -
50-Ruys tsood 5-room cottage; lot 40x100.
$1400— Bnvs good 5-room cottage: lot 26x100.
$1201'— Buys good 5-room cottage ; lot 33x100.
Owners must have money.
';- . H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
JOSEPH J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
*r Insurance, removed to Berkeley station.
UO.MIV 1O _OAIS.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
— — estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
T OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
XJ Loan Association, cor Battery and Pine sts. -
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WITH-
X> out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings :
low interest ; perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
ON EY. LOANED ON JEWELRY. AND
i'J other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURIS
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe build'g. 1170Marketsc
OANS ON REAL ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
J mortgages, furniture .or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or AlameJa, any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery-
-IST&2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
tates;lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrkt.
£fMI f\(\(\ « N REAL ESTATE: LOWEST
«JP«JUU,UUUrates. A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
ST<fc2D MORTGAGES, ALSO ON FURNITURE
& pianos; no removal. 240 Montgomery st., r. 13.
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTG AGE or col-
laterals: low rate. J. E. DAMON, 303 Montg.
_V)AA f\f\f\ MODERATE RATES OF IN-
«3P_UU.UUU. terest. Km 214, 3'.'B Montgmy.
IF YOU WANT TO LOAN YOUR MONEY AT
8 to 12 per cent interest on good security call
at 410 Kearny St., room 6.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
Columbia Loan <fe Collateral Office. 9 Orant aye.
, PAWNBROKERS.
AT 128 KEARNY StZ&o6u^9^mS^KY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms; elevator: pledges for sal s cheap.
TO EXCHANGE.
] ACRES LAND MCAR LOS ANG^TeS~t6
1 0 exchange for lodging-house. DECKER,
1020 Market st. ____!__
0 STORES AND 6-ROOM FLAT TO EXCHANGE
—i for vacant lot or improved pro. ertv ; will assume
mortgage or pay cash difference. -Apply to H. C.
DECKER. 1020 Market St., ODposite Fifth.
\y ANTED— TO EXCHANGE . VALUABLE
II real estate for well-established weekly paper.
Address G. 8., box 134, Call Office.
1 VQA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
±_ .Qv/water: tine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16,Ca1l
~ HON£\ WANTED.
W^XN^rE^^TOBKITL~A^IRs¥^r6RTGXGE
of $1000, bearing interest at 10 per cent, on a
fine ranch in Napa County; also want $300 on
house and lot in East Oakland, and a few others
from $100 to $10,000 at 8 and 10 per cent on quar-
ter value: no expense to lender.* Apply or. write
to A. L. WILLEY, Golden Gate.AlameqaCo.. Cal.
.il.Vi.MAi.l. HOiSAsii S.
The followlnc; marriage licenses were ' issued b/
the County ClerK's office yesterday:
Jean B. Sabalot and Marie Huste, — 30.
Stefano Arvigo and Maria Assalino, 26—21.
T. B. Wilson and Mary A. Neubauer, 29—28.
W. W. Guth and Helen L. Fishbeck. 25—19.
C. C. H. Hill and A. E. T. Scheller, 18—18.
O. L. Henderson and E. E. Me Williams, 50—30.
Henry A. Nlpgen and Frelda Spoerl, 39—25. ■
Burt Park and Annie Kruger, 33—20.
F. G. Patterson and Laura C. B. Coats, 25—18.
A. Simon and Stella Ureenebaum, 30— 23.
" C. F. Bowman and Sarah A. Phillips. 24—21.
D. B. Crane and Georgie M. Wightman, 27—20.
DIVORCE J'KOtJitOlAli.?.
Complaints filed:
Sadie A. Comfort against James B. Comfort.
■ E. M. Sandernaus against G. H. O. sanderhaus.
Emma Watson against John s. Watson. ■ .;;-:-■■.•
Divorce granted : , ■
Lillian McDonnald from Hereward McDonnald,
for neglect; by Judge Slack. Plaintiff allowed $25 a
week alimony. .. -. '. . . ■•-
_!RTHS--MARRIA( 3 {£S-mTa =
BORN.
BURTCnAELL— March 6, 1896, to the wife of
J. W. Burtchaeil, a son.' ..
CARSTENS— February 29, 1896, to the wife of
; Henry J. Carstens, a daughter.
HEYNEMANN— In this city, March 8, 1896, to
. the wife of Milton Heynemann, a son.
ISAACS— In Stockton, March 4, 1896, to the wife
of Henry ; Isaacs, a daughter.
KERNER— this city, March 8, 1896, to the
;' : wife of L. P. Kerner, a son. ...
MCCARTHY— In this city, March 8, 1896, to the
• wife of John- McCarthy, a son.
MCDONNELL— In Vallejo, March 4, 1898, to the
wife of T. H. McDonnell, a son. ,
MeG ANN— this city, March 5, 1896, to the wife
■ of William McGann, twins— sons.
O'BRlEN— ln. this city, March 8, 1899, to the
■ wife of John P. O'Brien, a daughter.
TIBBETTS— March. 3, 1896, to the wife of J. E.
: Tibbetts, a daughter. : -
~~ SIARRIED. ■ .. .. ~~~
PEGUILLAN-In Oakland, March
3, 1896, Justin Arroutce and Bertha A. Peguil-
lau, both of San Francisco. fJ^SSSSj^iftpa&EHSESi
BOYLE-O'BRIEN— In San Rafael, March 8, 1896,
by the Rev. Father Hugh Lagan, Eugene E.
Boyle of San Rafael and Cecelia I. O'Brien of
: San Francisco. . , ■■:.-.  '
HACKEK-MUHALO-In this city, March 7,
1896, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Marshal -C.
Hacker and Amanda Muhalo. . . .
JOOST— TENNIS— In tnis city, March 8, 1896,
:by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry Joost aud
Emilie Tennis. : . : . . <
NIPGEN— SPOERL— In this city, March 8, 1896,
■ by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry A. Nipgen and
Frieda Spoerl. ■ . ' •
SIEVERS-KORTJOHN— In this city, March 4,
1896, by the Rev. J. M. Buehier, Christian Siev-
- ers and Dlna R. Kortjohn.
WAACK— LUDOLPH— In this city, ; March 2,
■ 1H96, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, William Waack
and Gesine Ludolph. ..- /• , - , s
_____—--———————-_
DIED.
Arnold, John F. ■■ . Maclntyre, Marie E. ■
Booth, K. A. and I. E. Merguire, Fannie A.
Coleman, Michael Moore, Frances A. -
-: Delahantv, Charles J. : Nielsen, Gudrun VI
Douovan, John E. - O'Keefe, Michael -> % f
Dunpby, John : ' . . Roskamp, Henry F. '
1 Haitrt. t-*>"'JH' -w : 2s*a, M_V <■■. . •-: .-, : . ;
Kaiser, Frederick W. Sillestrom. Erici '
Lichtenstein, Harold Smith, Joseph
Love. E. B. i ' . Spra?ue, Adna
; Mac Donald, Louisa . Wilson, Robert, B. 4 r-_"
ARNOLD— In this city, . March i 7, 1898. John
F., beloved husband of L.-iura A. Arnold, and
father of Mrs. A. A. Hatch, Mrs. C. W. Daken
and Herbert F. Arnold, a native of Massachu-
setts. a«ed 69 years and 11 months. .' ■
" 4^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Tne3Oa3 ), at 12 o'clock m., from his late resi-
dence, 1036 McAllister str«ec. Interment Mount
tain View Cemetery, Oakland, by the 2 o'clock
; p. _. DOat, creek route. ":' ~ * .
BOOTH— Oakland. March 9. 1896, Kate Anna
aud Idah Emilie, only and beloved children of
Frank E. and Emilia B. Booth. ■- V
*J^?*. Notice of funeral iv Wednesday morn-
ing's papers. ■-. . : :--ji-- : :-•
COLEMAN— In this city. March 8, 1896, Michael,
beloved husband of Ann Coleman, and father of
David C. and John T. Coleman, a native of
County Waterford, 7 Ireland, aged 62 years and 5
months. [New York papers please copy, J
JKS"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 2725 Bryant avenue.'between Twenty-
iifth and Twenty-sixth streets, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabamastreet, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. • . • . ■
DKLAHANTY- In this city, March 9, 1896,
Charles J., beloved son of John E. and Mae^ie
Delahanty, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months and 5 days.
DONOVAN— In this city, March S, 1896, John E.,
beloved husband of Mary Donovan, and father
of Ed P., Will F. and Charles H. Donovan, a na-
tiveof County Limerick, Ireland, aged 57 years 2
months and 2 days. INew York papers please
copy.] .. ._,.-. ::-,.-^-~, . ..
• US' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 29 Garden street, thence to St. Rose's
Chnrch, Brannan street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of hia
• soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. _. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUNPH Y— In this city, March 9. 1896, John, be-
- loved brother of Richard D. Dunphy, and uncle
of James. John; Henry, George, Bernard, Frank,
Mary, Theresa. Annie and Elizabeth Dunphy,
a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 53
years 3 months and 26 days.
HEaLD— In East Oakland. March 8, 1896, Cor-
delia Waterman, ' beloved wife of Allen Heald. a
native of Anson, Maine, aged 75 years 8 months
and 22 days. Lewiston and Anson (Maine)
papers please. copy.J '
Friends . aud acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the Pilgrim.
Church, t-ignth avenue, East Oakland.
KAISER— In this city, March 8, 1896, Frederick
W., beloved husband of May Kaiser, father of
Lucille O. Kaiser, and brother of Ame E. Kaiser,
a native of Boston, Mas 3., aged 31 years and "2
months. ....
Jtfgr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock P. M.. from his late
residence, 22 Birch avenue, thence to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock p. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets, for interment.
Services in chape.l at Cypress Lawn.
LICHTENSTEIN— In this city, March 8. 1896,
Harold, beloved ; son of Sol and Clara Lichteu-
stein, aged 4 months and 11 days. - - -
jgfJ"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the. family
residence, 2643 Bryant avenue. Interment (by
train) Home of Peace Cemetery.
LOVE— In this city, March 6, 1896, E. B. Love,
- father of H. T., G.'. George, Mary, Charles,
Winifred, William, Jessie and Cyrus Love, a
' native of New York, aged 48 years.
MACDONALD-In this city, March 8, 1896,
Louisa, beloved wife of Malcolm Mac Donald, a
naive of Prince Edward Island, aged 32 years.
■S3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 627 Ivy avenue, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. 11. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .- ■'■::■
MacINTYRE— In Oakland, March 9. 1896, Marie
X., beloved daughter of Maria J. and P. G. Mac-
lntyre, a native of Oakland, aged 3 yeurs 9
months and 9 days. • ' ■
.ftSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited toattend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, Forty-seventh street, near
Grove, Oakland, thence to Sacred Heart Church.
. where services will be held, commencing at 10
!a. M. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
MERGUIRE— In this city, March 7, 1896, Fannie
A., widow of the late George H. Merguire, and
mother of F. A. and C L. Merguire and Mrs.
Jonn McClunie, a native of 'Brunswick, Maine,
■ aged ■ 60 years 6 months and 17 days. [Boston
(Mass.) and Portland (Me.) papers please copy.J
&£r~Friends I and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday)," at 2 o'clock p. if., from the residence
of her son, C. L. Merguire, 816 Valencia street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city. March 8, 1896, Francis
A mena, widow of the late Robert Moore, a native
of Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, aged
52 years. i . '
Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday), at
2 o'clock p. m., at the First Presbyterian Church,
Sacramentd street and Van Ncsa avenue. Inter-
ment private.
NIELSEN— In this city, March 7, 1896. Gudrun
Vilhelmine Nielsen, a native of Denmark, aged
28 years and 6 months.
JOarFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors Of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, thence by 11:45 a. m.
train from .Third and Townsend streets to Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery for cremation.
O'KEEFE— In West Berkeley. March 8. 1896,
Michael, beloved husband of Nora O'Keefe, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, asred 54 years.
fltS"Friendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m .. from his late resi-
dence, corner Holvoke and Fifth streets, West
Berkeley. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery,
San Francisco.
ROSKAMP— In South San Francisco, March 9,
1896, Henry Francis Roskamp. beloved husband
of the late Christina Roskamp, and father of Mrs.
William Coyle, Mrs. Joseph Hagerty, Mrs. Frank
Coyle, Mrs.Charles Hagerty, Henry, Louisa ana
the late Christina Roskamp. a native of New
Yorlf, aged 53 years 2 months and 13 days.
A .member of Exempt ..Firemen's Asso-
ciation of San Francisco, a member of San Fran-
cisco Police Department, and an honorary mem-
ber of Y. M. I. No. 32. | New York and Phila-
delphia papers please copy.]
.Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. trom his late
residence, 931 Twelfth avenue, between N and
P streets south, thence to All Hallows Churcn,
wnere a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of bis soul, commencing at
' 10 o'cloclc a. H. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ..:■'■• ~
RYAN— In this city, March 9, 1896. Mary E.,
dearly beloved wife of Daniel Ryan, and sister of
Mrs. Kate Kennedy, a native of Queens County,
S Ireland, aged sft years.
gyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 5:->7 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, Mission street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clocka. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
SILLESTROM— In this city, March 8, 1896. Erick.
beloved son of Eri"k Sillestrom, and brotner of
Mrs. ' Martha Peterson, a native of Stockholm,
Sweden, aged 24 years. '
J9ES-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from tne par-
I lors of Petersen _ Gantner, 8 and 10 City Hall
square. ■ Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SPRAGUE— In this city, March 7, 1896, Adna,
beloved husband of Maggie Sprague, a native of
Hincliam, Mass.. aged 70 years.
" jgf^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at '2 o'clock p. if.; from the Knights
of Pythias Castle. 909 Market, street, wbere
services will be held under the auspices of
Laurel Lodge No. 4, Knights of Pythias. Inter-
' ment Masonic Cemetery.
BMITH— In this city. March 7, 1896, Joseph, hns-
' .* band of Clara J. Mmith, and father of Mrs. Jennie
Chase, Mrs. M. Sutton, Mrs. Florence Fletcher
and Emma, Gertrude and Arthur Smith, a na-
tive of England, aged 66 years 7 months and 17
days.
Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited *to , attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. if., from
the Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market. . Interment private.
WILSON— In this city, March 9, 1896, Robert
Bellew, beloved husband of -Mary Josephine R.
Wilson, and son-in-law of James McGregor, a na-
tive of Bootle, Liverpool, England, aged 33 years.
JJ®*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from bis late
residence. 1118 V2 Treat aveuue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high man
will be celebrated for tbe repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock, a. —..lnterment Mount
. Calvary Cemetery. .'  ' . ■
I UNITED , UNDERTAKERS' , I '
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
. v at Reasonable Rates. . '
Telephone 3167. - 27 and 29 Fifth street.
I McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNRRAL DIBECTORS _ EMBALMLBS,
•O Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
>. : Telephone 8080.
PaST—cMenom rtT™"""" ' Citas. McMen-o* ky7
' JAMES McMENOME? _ SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
1067 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
■ Telephone No. .335 i.____ 1 _
JAS. ENGLISH. ' - - .'• ■T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
■ . f i'4 FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van 'Ness aye., near Market si., San Francisco
Telephone so. 156. '• ••::'•<■"
CYPRESS LAWH CEMETERY,
TNBANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAI»|
X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bean*
tlful, permanent and easy of access; teeU befoa
hnyl_ a burial place elsewhere. ■
7* Utjr om*ft 9 Vitjr fiatt _.*•»«*
1314
THE PITERS
HAVE GONE OUT
Claim to Have Complete
Command of the
Situation.
MEMBERSHIP GROWING.
Largest Meeting of Knights of
the Brush Ever Held in
This City.
WILL ENTER INTO BUSINESS.
The Alternative Offered to Pay Them
Wages or Figure Against Them
as Competitors.
The strike of the painters was on yester
day and the Turk-street Temple was in a
hubbub of excitement all day. A meeting
was held in the morning, another in the
afcernoon, and in the evening, at the
painters' hall on Eddy street, the largest
gathering of painters ever held in this
City took place. At the evening meeting
R. T. Mclvor, Business Agent of the Painters' and Decorators' Protective Asso
ciation, Now Out on Strike.
[Reproduced from, a photograph.]
14S pew members were initiated into the
union, and the men are confident of suc
cess.
This morning committees will visit every
job of work in the City and call out every
union mau employed there except those
employed by master painters who have
accepted the terms of the union.
The painters say they are now in com
mand of the situation, as the union now
numbers in its membership nearly all the
expert workmen in the City. "It does not
take much money to go into the painting
business, ■' said R. T. Mclvor, business
agent of the association. 'They know that
if they refuse to pay us wages we will en
ter into competition with them and simply
do all the work that is to be done. That
is where we have the best of it.
"Thus the: master painters," he con
tinued, "have been figuring on their work
at $3 per day for the journeymen, and then
paying the journeymen $2 and $2 50. St.
Denis & Co. have the big job on the Par
rott building, not on contract out day
wages, ana they have employed there
Italians and Frenchmen, who cannot get
employment elsewhere, because they can
not understand the language, and they
are paying them as low as $1 per day, and
charging the Parrott estate .$3. All union
men have struck from the iob."
Many of those who joined last night are
foremen of the shops, and who have never
been connected with any union before;
men drawing the largest salaries in the
trade. It is intimated that they have
taken this step at the instance of the
master painters themselves, as according
to the conditions of the Btrike the men
could not go back to work under foremen
who were not union men.
At the meeting at the Temple in the
morning it was decided to send out com
mittees to visit the master painters and to
assemble again at 3 in the afternoon to
hear the reports.
In the afternoon about 200 journeymen
painters met in the hall, with President
Rose presiding. He called for reports,
and they were made in rapid succession.
Most of them were of an unsatisfactory
character. The tenor of nearly all of them
was that the masters "would like to pay
the wages, but would do so only if the
others did."
Five firms were reported to have con
sented to tne terms of the union. They
were: H. Wagner oi California street,
Thomas Downing, Mission street; M. L.
McCord, Market street; John Mellen,
NEW TO-DAY.
Pimples, blotches, blackheads,
red, rough, and oily skin, prevented
by Cuticura Soap, the most effect-
ive skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as pur-
est and sweetest for toilet and nur-
sery. The only preventive of pim-
ples, because the only preventive of
inflammation of the pores.
Bold throughout the world. Britlih depot: T. Nbw-
■ iur ft Sons, 1, Xii z-Edw«rd-«t , London. Potti*
!>•»« * CnjKicAi. Cosr., Sole Prep*., Boitoa. V. 0. A,
! O'Farreii street, and Lawrence Dwyer,
Post street.
Several others were reported as consent
ing to the wage demand, including the
j eight hours, but refusing the Building and
Trades Council card.
The reports in detail were as follows:
Henry W. Hanneman was reported as
1 saying that he couid not get work at $2 50
! a day; that lie would not bind himself to
j pay any particular wages.
J. C. Sellers— That he would not agree to
anything, but would run his business to
i suit himself.
PacricK Murphy— Will pay what the
others do.
B. Bradley ft Son— Willing to pay $3 per
day. but would not sicn the working-card.
Thomas Downine— Willing to pay wages
and assent to the card if the others could
be made to do so.
Brace— Will not sign and bind himself in
any way to the union.
Clarkifc Son— Haven't enough work to
make it an object to sign.
Schafer <fc Stadtler— Will pay $3 and
grant eight hours, but won't sign the card.
George Orsi— When the master painters
all agree to the terms he will, but will not
pay higher wages than others.
Fraser <fc Keefe— Will not be dictated to;
willing to pay what others do.
Lawrence Dwyer— Will accept the terms
of the union.
Hopps & Sons— Would not bind them
selves in any way.
John E. Rose— Will not be dictated to;
will not accede till compelled to.
Joseph Stroetgen— lf others pay $3 he
will.
J. J. Cooney — Is paying some of his men
$3, but will not agree to the uniform card
unless others do.
Daniel Foley— Will do what the others
do.
George J. Smith & Sons— "The boys
have gone out and they can stay out."
One union man is reported not to have
gone out and was discharged for "not hav
ing sense enough to quit."
Wray— The union had broken faith with
him and he would not recognize it.
P. J. Getz & Co.— Will pay $3 and agree
to the card if the others will.
H. F. Wagner — Will agree to the terms
and the men may come to worn Jin the
morning.
Dan Foley — Will not pay the wages.
Timothy Dwyer— Will * not pay the
wages.
Marritson— Will not pay $3.
Kuss — Would rather pay $3, but can't do
it and compete.
J. Ft. Denis & Co.— Won't agree to the
terms.
A^mor— Will pay ?3 and sign the card.
Beerbaum— Willing to pay the wages, but
object to the card.
Kern «fe I back— Will pay if the others do,
but not otherwise.
Vice-President Eaton of the Master
Painters' Association was reported by R.
T. Mclvor as claiming that the union had
not given them a fair warning and had
treated them unfairly. This was dis
claimed.
Mclvor, in a short address, said: ''It
simply comes to this: The master paint
ers say they will pay the wages and recog
nize the union when they are compelled
to. They invite us to compell them. If
we stand together we can do that. If we
break ranks we will be compelled to ro
back to work at any wages that may be
offered us." This "was greeted with ap
plause.
"The greatest difficulty this movement
has to meet," said Mclvor, "is the firm of
St. Denis & Co. They are employing sail
ors and other inexperienced men on their
big job on the Parrott building, and dis
charging union men because they are
union men."
A number of others in the house corrob
orated this statement.
C. L. Ames stated that he had visited
the A. P. A. employment office on Post
street and inquired if they would supply
men to the master painters at less than $3
per day. He was assured that the bureau
could have no compunctions of conscience
about doing that; they would supply men
at any rate the men themselves would ac
cept. The office was supposed to be sup
ported by a per capita tax of the councils,
and as few of them paid the tax the man
ager felt independent of them. Ames said
further that he had gone to the office of the
State Labor Bureau and Mr. Fitzgerald
there assured him that he would furnish
no labor except at full wages.
A motion of censure of the A. P. A. office
was made, and with only slight protest
was passed.
A committee of ten was appointed, each
member of which was to select four others,
making ten committees of five each, to
visit all work being done in the City and
to call out the union men employed upon
them. Following is the composition of
the committee of ten: V. McAvoy, C. L.
Ames, C. B. Merril, Tom Moran, William
Danielson, A. L. Bcliell, Charles Schultz
P. J. Peters, A. J. Skinner and R. T. Mc-
Ivor.
PAINTERS' STRIKE INDORBED.
Carpenters' Unions Will Stand by the Men
of the Brnsh.
Carpenters' and Joiners' Union No. 483
held a long and interesting meeting last
evening, and unanimously indorsed the
painters' and decorators' strike for higher
wages and shorter hours. Both organiza
tions belong to the Building Trades' Coun
cil, and all the members of that body vir
tually indorsed the strike before it was
begun.
After a long argument it was decided to
raise the initiation fee to $10 on and after
the Ist of May. It was agreed that it is too
often the case when times are easy and no
labor troubles to annoy the workingrnen
that the latter lose interest in the unions
and gradually dropout in the belief that
they can easily join apain by the payment of
a dollar or two. It is contended that with a
high initiation fee the working man will
think twice before neglecting his minor ob
ligations. This particular time has been
selected tor raising the fee because nearly
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896.
all the carpenters in the City are now in
the unions. The other unions will proba
bly take similar action. Only four of 483'b
members opposed the measure.
The platform of principles formulated
by the labor convention were indorsed by
the union.
On next Sunday the bakers of this State
will hold a convention at 117 Tiirk street,
under the auspices of Bakers' and Con
fectioners' Union No. 24. The purpose is
to tmita all the bakers' unions in the State
under the international organization.
Also to form unions in all cities and towns
where at present no unions lexist. Many
matters of interest of a statistical and
hyeienic nature will be presented to the
convention.
There are signs of prosperity to be seen
in the Ironmolders' Union. Never be
fore in the history of the organization has
so much attention been paid to social fea
tures as at present. On the 23d inst. there
will be a social held in their headquarters
at 1150 Mission street, and on the 28th the
union will give a grand ball in Native
Sons' Hall on Mason street. At the meet
ing last evening preparations were made
for a picnic to be held in Glenwood in
July.
WHAT ST. DENIS SAYS.
They Are Oppoßed to the Union Because They
Will Not Be Dictated To.
Thomas Macauley of the firm of St.
Denis <fc Co., speaking about the strike
| yesterday, said:
"We are paying $3 a day to more men
than any other concern in the City. We
are paying $3 50 to some men, and to
grainers $4. It is true that we do not
want to employ union men. We do not
want to be dictated to by Mr. Mclvor or
any other walking delegate. We have
men who have been in our employ for
eighteen years. They do not belong to
the union. Is it fair that we should be
compelled to discharge them for that rea
son?
"The whole matter is just this, that the
men who belong to the union, about 700
they claim, want to do ail the worthwhile
the other 1500 painters in the City might
starve. Besides there is a great deal of
work that is not worth $3 a day.
"So it is true that we do not care to
employ union men."
A SPIDER'S FATAL BITE
Terrible Death of a Sea Cap-
tain's Six-Month-Old
Daughter.
Little Catherine Lund While Asleep
Falls a Victim to a Venomous
Insect.
Little Catherine Lund, an infant daugh
ter of Captain and Mrs. Lund, whose resi
dence is at 329 Thirteenth street, died on
Saturday last in terrible agony as the re
sult of the attack of a venomous spider
that drove its poisonous fangs into her
left eyelid while she slept.
The child was in good health when it
was put to bed on Friday evening, but
seemed peevish and ill when the mother
took it up the next morning. The lid of
the left eye was swollen so that the sight
was almost obscured, and a dark brown
seemed to be the center of the irri
tated spot. Within a few hours Mrs. Lund
saw that the entire side of ncr baby's head
was becoming swollen and, feeling much
alarmed, sent for Dr. Lagan.
The physician examined the child's
head, which by that time was terribly
swollen, and gave it as his opinion that the
wound had been caused by a venomous in
sect of some kind. Gangrene had already
set in, and while the doctor did everything
in his power to alleviate the child's suffer
ings he informed Mrs. Lund that the case
was hopeless, as the poison had obtained
such a start that its fatal progress could
not be checked.
Mrs. Lund at once instituted a search
for the cause of the child's terrible condi
tion, and from beneath the bed swept a
big hairy black spider, which immediately
showed fight. In her anger at the insect
which had inflicted so much Borrow on
her Mrs. Lund crushed it with one heavy
blow, so that when Dr. Logan tried to
identify it with the venomous spider
known to science he was unable to do so,
and is still uncertain as to what family it
belonged.
By the next morning the baby was in a
stupor, and it was seen that no chance of
its surviving existed. The head on the
left side was swollen until the skin was
tense and the scalp as hard as a board, and
the dark color of the skin testified to the
virulence of the poison. That night,
scarcely forty-eight hours after the wound
was received, the baby died.
Dr. Lagan said last night that the case
was one of the strangest that ever came
under his observation.
"When I was first called," he said,
j "probably within twelve hours after the
! baby was bitten, 1 saw from the extent of
! the gangrene that had resulted that there
j was little chance of its surviving.
"The poison injected by the Bpider must
i have been of the most virulent kind to
I have made such havoc in so snort a time.
I Of course all the efforts possible were made
! to arrest the progress of the gangrene, but
they seemed to have little effect, and all I
I could do was to alleviate the pain with
j applications calculated to reduce the in
flammation.
"I have always been skeptical of the
| poisonous attributes of common spiders
j generally, and even know. I think, that
the insect that stung the little one must
have been brought from some foreign
] country, and by some strange chance found
. its way into the Lund household. The
I progress of the poison was appallingly
' rapid, and unless the proper remedies
I could have been applied within a very few
hours after the bite was inflicted there
could be no doubt as to the result"
Captain Lund, the father of the child,
' who was only six months old, is a sea
faring man and is now at sea on a voyape.
The mother is nearly distracted "with
grief over her little daughter's terrible
death and refuses to be comforted.
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
Republican* Organize and Elect Officers.
A Big Enrollment.
The Republicans of the Thirty-fifth dis
trict met last night at Stanford Hall,
Valencia and Twenty-eighth streets, and
organized the Regular Republican Club of
the Thirty-fifth district. The following
named were elected officers of the club:
President, William Gill; vice-presidents,
George C. Shell, James de Succa, David
Creamer, H. Magendie, Dr. W. R. Mc-
Laughlin; recording secretary, William
Patten; corresponding secretary, A. S.
Lillie; marshal, Felix Lustenberger;
enrolling committee — Joseph M. Tigue,
John T. Graham, Joseph Winrow, D.
Ahearn, M. Rosenberg; finance commit
tee— Dr. W. H. McLaugblin, ex-Supervisor
C. W. Taber and John T. Graham.
Seventy-eight names were enrolled. The
enrolling committee will have the list
open on Mondays and Tuesdays at 3<X)2
Mission street; on Wednesdays and Thurs
days at Graham's Hall, Twenty-seventh
and Alabama streets; on Fridays and
Saturdays at Fagley's stables, Valencia
street, near Twenty-third.
The committee appointed at the pre
liminary meeting last Monday to visit the
State Central Committee reported that
the names of M. Fagley, Merton C. Allen,
James Winrow, W. J. Guilfoyle, T. C.
Maher and C. \V. Taber had been sug
gested from which to select a representa
tive for the district at the coming primary
next month.
The business of importing pineapples
must be a "cry profitable on*. The official
organ of Kew Gardens says that the price
of pineapples at Sierra Leone varies irom
>»d toijtfd eack, ;- --
AN APOTHEOSIS
OF ANARCHISM.
Pietro Gori Vigorously Ad
vocates His Pet
Theory.
WAS MUCH ENTHUSIASM
Relative Merits of Anarchy and
Socialism Hotly Dis
cussed.
A SYNOPSIS OF THE DEBATE.
The Cause of Socialism Is Warmly
Espoused by L. Nathan and J.
R. Martin.
Bersaglieri Hall was crowded to its fullest
limits last night. There were socialists
and anarchists, all met together to hear the
Pietro Gori, Anarchist, as He Appeared When Charming His Audience at Wash
ington-Square Hall Last Evening.
[Sketched by a "■Call" artist.]
anarchist, Pietro 3ori, defend the princi
ples of anarchy against a number of social
ist orators, all of whom were ready to
asßert that anarchy was only another word
for confusion.
The most advanced sect of the anar
chists could easily be distinguished by the
red they affected in their dress. Mrs. A.
Gaffe, a lady orator, who presided, was
almost clad in red; Gori wore a pictur
esque red drapery round his neck; his in
terpreter. Louis E. Feroni, also affected
red, as did a number of the other anar
chists, and at one point in the proceedings,
when Gori'B eloquence had wrought up
his hearers to great applause, one enthusi
astic lady threw him a bouquet tied with
red ribbon.
The socialistic orators all disclaimed be
ing present as representatives of any lodge
or society. They simply attendedjjn their
own account to defend the principles of
socialism against the pernicious inroads
of anarchy. They took the floor as occa
sion offered and sought to combat, for the
most part in English ; Gori'soratorical fire
works being in Italian. Some of the speak
ers became intensely eloquent, but the
drawback to a really spirited argument
was that with one exception they did not
understand Gori and Gori did not un
derstand them. L. E. Feroni, the
poor interpreter, struggled in vain to trans
late the flow of eloquence to Gori when
the Americans were speaking, and to the
Americans when Gori was speaking, but
after two rounds he ga^e it up and let the
orators fight it out in the dark, so to speak.
L. Nathan, Gori's challenger, was the
first to take the rl«or; he was limited, as all
the other speakers were supposed to be, to
fifteen minutes. "As a socialist I attack
anarchy," said Mr. Nathan. "What do
we understand by anarchy? Disorder.
Fraternity is another word for socialism,
but what "i& anarchy going to do for us?
He recommended calmness and deliber
ation. Nothing, he said, could be gained
by violence and disorder. These two
plagues of most popular movement in
favor of liberty must be put down before
liberty could be enjoyed by those to whom
it is now denied.
Pietro Gori, who was rapturously ap
plauded, then took the floor and said: "In
stead of defending anarchy against so
cialism, I rind I have to defend it against
republicanism, against monarchy, against
tyranny.
"I expected arguments, and I find accu
sations of bomb-throwing.
"There is no need for me to demonstrate
to you that the whole race of laborers is
robbed, cheated, pilfered, from birth to
death. The Government guarantees the
wea'th of a few to the detriment of the
many. When Signor Nathan comes be
fore you to defend government he is really
only acting as any member ofthebour
geoise class would. He is in accord with
all the prejudices, all the ignorance of to
day. He has accused us of throwing
bombs instead of arguments; he has
brought murderous accusutions against
us, when it is the Governments themselves
that eive lessons of violence."
In illustrating this statement the
speaker reverted to the Government? of
Europe, which he referred to as systems of
organized brigandage, and gave as the
latest example the sending of thou
sands of Italian troops to be mas
sacred in Abyssinia, "and those poor
Italian soldiers are only a fraction of the
victims that the military regime has made
in the last five years." It is not anarchists,
but governments that teach lessons of
violence, and Mr. Nathan upholds govern
ments."
Gori had been .'listened to I with much
more attention than his adversary. As
hi» fcuat limit vu ceuhtd he jf l*ld*a ika
floor to his adversary, who was greeted
with applause and hisses.
J. R. Martin, a socialist, was the next
speaker. He said Mr. Gori seemed to be
neither anarchist nor socialist, prop
erly speaking. He com batted Mr.
Gon's insinuation that the socialists
were becoming active at this season by
reason of private political motives,
and denied the repeated assertion
that socialists, when they obtain
power and money soon forget their social
ism. He earnestly contended that pa
tience was necessary in order to realize the
socialistic ideal. He deprecated the sud
den annihilation of Government as one of
the worst ends had in- view by anarchy.
Governments, he said, rested upon the
united consent of the governed. Destroy
the Government and you plunge society
into disorder and calamity.
Great restlessness had prevailed in the
audience toward the end of Mr. Martin's
speech, which had far exceeded the fifteen
minutes limit. His voice was finally over
whelmed by cries, hisses and calls for
Gori. The anarchist took the floor and
having finally stilled the tumult cried :
"Mr. Martin has defended government
and laws. He has violated the fifteen
minutes law. I will refrain from violating
it, for I wish to show that for anarchists to
keep faith it is not necessary to offer them
rewards and punishments. We want
no tutelage over humanity. They
say we follow abstractions. "What
abstractions? Mr. Martin says there has
always been government, but bow many
follies have there not been on earth?"
Cries for Griseri Dell' Olmo to take the
floor overwhelmed further speech.
Gori dramatically implored his friends
not to make any demonstration of hostil
ity, but the tumult lasted fully five min
utes before Signor Dell' Olmo succeeded in
reaching the platform and making him
self heard.
He began by explaining that it was his
wish to make an equation between capital
and labor, but the majority in the audience,
not being a mathematical frame of mind,
cried him down and got Gori on his feet
again, but the anarchist, with truly touch
ing courtesy, yielded the floor to Mr.
Nathan.
Gori ended the debate with some Par
thian shots at the socialists. He said they
promised many things, which they
straightway went and forgot. He hinted
that they were office-seekers, and he closed
the discussion by reading extracts from
"Sotialism in Danger," a work by the
famous Dutch socialist, G. Doneld Nieu
wenhau. Gori closed the book with the
reniarfc that the Hollander was a proper
sort of socialist, one who borderpd on an
archy, but hf would like to know what the
people who had been talking were.
ONLY A POLITICAL GUN.
J. B. It row 11 and Martin Kelly Were
Loaded for Itlgger Game.
J. B. Brown, the well-known Republican
politician of the Twenty-eighth Assembly
District, and his friend, Martin Kelly, deny
that they had engaged in a quarrel Satur
day night, at the corner of First and Fol
som streets. It seems now that some of
their friends played a practical joke upon
them when a story was told to the daily
papers to the effect that Mr. Brown and
his political colleague had been duelling.
It now transpires that it was only a
political gun that came near to exploding
Saturday night. There was some talk of
the principals reaching for more tangible
weapons, but that was merely talk. They
have been loading their guns for bigger
game.
As a matter of fact Messrs. Kelly and
Brown are old friends and still stand to
gether in the political arena. It would all
have appeared to them as a huge joke
only Mr. Brown believes that people
should not joke so grimly at his expense.
"Why, there was nothing in it at all."
Brown remarked last evening. "There
were no old sores. We never had a quar
rel. I haven't carried a pistol since I was
head deputy in the license office under
George W. Lees. Somebody wants to in
jure me, it seems. Well, I've been in
business for years, and was born
and raised in my district. Mr. Kelly
and I are the best of friends, and we never
had even a dispute. I cannot understand
it, for there was nothing to quarrel about.
The first I knew of it was when 1 was in
the barber-shop, and about all the fighting
was done there. I couldn't believe it at first,
but I have an idea now of how it was man
ufactured."
Martin Kelly said that he and Mr. Brown
were the best of friend*. "This talk about
me carrying a pistol," he added, "is not
right. I haven't carried a gun for years.
We didn't meet that night, although
we are neighbors; and as for this biff-bang
business, do we look badly abused?"
Somebody certainly played a' practical
joke, and, after all, it was only a political
gun that was tired.
Supplies for the Perry.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion has sent a letter to Captain Smith of the
United States steamship Perry with reference
to the purchase of nautical instruments for
that vessel. The letter says:
"As there are manufactured in California
nautical instruments of as hisrh grade and at
as low price as anywhere else, we take the lib
erty of requesting you to give to the California
made instruments" the preference if price and
quality are found to be equal.
• — ■» ♦
Sutro Baths Illustrated.
The new Satro Baths, Cliff v House and Sutro
Heights comprise a very handsome illustrated
volume just issued by the San Francisco Photo
Engraving Company. " It will serve as a beau
tiful souvenir for. those attending the formal
opening of the baths on next Saturday. The
views are reproduced Xhmb photogfapba by
' , "■■* ' ■ _ ; -.■:«■■ . "'.■'"
VANDAL DEEDS
AT THE CITY HALL
Public Property Destroyed,
Apparently for Re
venge.
THE POLICE PUZZLED.
A Grievance Against the City
Supposed to Be the Motive
of the Wrecker.
PLUMBING WORK TOHN AWAY.
Water and Gas Pipes Receive Special
Attention From the Mis
creant.
A new kind of vandal has broken loose
at the City Hall, and within the past few
weeks City Hall property to the extent of
several hundred dollars has been wantonly
destroyed.
For a week past Captain Lees' detectives
have been trying to unearth the perpetra
tor of these peculiar offenses, but so far,
though there are grave suspicions in cer
tain directions, no arrests have been made.
It is thought the culprit is an ex-em
ploye of the mechanical departments, and
this is borne out by the singular nature of
the vandalisms. Water-pipes have been
torn loose from the closets, and the water
allowed to flood the floors during the
nignt. In other cases gas-fixtures have
been broken off and thrown on the floor,
and the gas permitted to escape for hours.
Somebody seems to have a grudge against
the overworked taxpayer.
Aside from the destruction already men
tioned, water-supply tanks have been un
screwed ar.d permitted to fall to the floor.
This was practiced in a room adjoining
Judge Campbell's courtroom on the base
ment floor a week ago, when the water
supply was shut off and the fountain torn
down.
The next place visited by the destructive
fiend was the hallway leading to the Free
Library, where a gaspipe projected from
the wall. The pire was unscrewed and a
half-inch flow of gas waß permitted to es
cape during the night and until late the
next morning, when Day Watchman Kirk
patrick's attention was called to it.
These cases are not the only ones.
Nickel-plated pipes and other ornamental
works have been defaced and cut in sev
eral places. Woodwork and various fix
tures have received marks of the chisel or
knife of the person who takes a delight in
destroying public property.
The matter has been reported to the
police, but so far the detectives have been
unable to detect the offender.
Some of the officials at the hall think it
is the work of somebody with a grievance,
real or fancied, against the City.
Whoever it may be, theft is not the mo
tive evidently, as nothing is carried away.
Whatever damage is done is made ap
parent by the wreckage left on the prem
ises.
It will in all probability cost about $500
to repair the property injured already.
WILL GO TO THE COURTS
Election Commissioners to Test
the County Government
Act.
Anxious to Ascertain the Term of
Office of City and County
Officials.
The Board of Election Commissioners
will endeavor to ascertain, by recourse to
the courts, whether or not the county
government act is constitutional. The
matter came up at a meeting of the com
mission yesterday when the matter of
precinct registration and the expense at
tached thereto was mentioned.
City and County Attorney Creswell said
tnat it would be better to first ascertain
whether or not the act was legal and valid
as in case it was it would be useless to
elect new ollicials, in view of the fact that
the act declares the term of office of city
officials to be four years instead of the two
for which they were supposed to have been
elected. Mr. Cresweli was also in doubt
whether or not the amendment to the
registration act passed by the last Legisla
ture would do away with precinct registra
tion.
Mayor Sutro did not seem to be pleased
at the prospect of his term being extended
two years, declaring that he was thor
oughly tired of the position.
"I wouldn't worry about it," said Mr.
Creswell. "You have a remedy if you are
tired of drawing your salary. There is
nothing to prevent you from resigning."
Mr. Creswell suggested that an agreed
case could be commenced in the Superior
Court and rushed through to the Supreme
Court. He said that at the next meeting
of the Commissioners they could proceed
to advertise for bids on contracts for the
supplying of the necessary stationery for
registration, and an injunction suit could
be brought to restrain them from award
ing such contracts.
This mode of procedure was agreed upon
and the necessary steps will be taken at
the next meeting.
DOPING SUSPECTED.
Trainer Tom Boyle of A. B. Spreckels'
String Will Demand an Investigation.
It is rumored around the track that some
of the racers in the Spreckels string have
been "stuffed" by some of the employes of
the stable, which had considerable to do
with the change of trainers.
Trainer Tom Boyle claims to be entirely
unaware of any crooked work in the stable,
and he will ask for an investigation to
clear away the cloud of suspicion which he
now thinks rests over him. Boyle claims
that if the employes of the stable were
guilty of the act charged, they should be
ferreted out and punished and not be al
lowed to take positions in other stables.
The Fund Is Growing.
A meeting of the toara of directors and
trustees of the Youni? Men's Christian Associa
tion was held last evening. The directors were
greatly encouraged by the addition of a $5000
subscription. This brings up the total amount
to !ji»3,oou of the $100,000 which they started
out to raise a few months ago. No pledges
will be binding, however, nntil the total
amount hasjbeen subscribed. New committees
were appointed, and every effort will be put
forth to raise the remaining $17,000 within
the next few weeks.
■' There are nearly 4000 ■ miles oi canals in
U» United Kiafl4?«» _
WEVTO-DAt -ljt
•
Admiration
Of this solid Oak Sideboard is natural.
Nothing "special" about it, save the
quality; the $11.00— is our regu-
lar "Mission-street price."
Oak Chairs to match at $1.00 each.
Oak Extension Tables, also, at $8.00.
Looking will not cost you a cent.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO. I
750 Mission St. J
LEVIN BROS.,
LEADING GROCERS.
Special This Week!
CHOICE POIIiT REVS BITTER
35c a Square— 3 Squares for 91.
HUYLER'S MEXICAN CHOCOLATE
2Oc per lb— Regular Price, 300.
EXTRA PALE LAGER BEER
Buffalo, Fredericksburg and Wieland's—
Quarts, $1 a Dozen ; Fiats, sOc a Dozen.
WHISKY
Burkes Irish and Scotch Whisky—
95c Per Bottle.
Jamieson's Irish and Scotch—
9Oc Per Bottle.
DuSy's Malt Whisky—
BOc Per Bottle.
LUCCA OIL
Best Imported Italian--$1 .90 Per Gallon;
Regular Pric.', #'2.25. llalf Gallon, 95c .
Regular Price, $1/25.
™ VALLEY QUEEN
Best Havana lOc— 3 for 25c— Cigarln the
Market— s7. sO Per Hundred.
SEND FOR MARCH CATALOGUE.
LEVIN BROS.,
LEADING GROCERS,
1324-1326 MARKET STREET
(Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.) '
134 SIXTH STREET.
Telephone South 398.
OAKLAND STORES,
Corner Tenth and Washington Sts.
1734-1736 Seventh St.
DR. WILBOR'S
COMPOUND OF
PURE COD LIVER OIL
WITH PHOSPHATES.
Invalids need no longer dread to take
that great specific for Consumption — Cod-
Liver Oil and Phosphates. As prepared
by Dr. Wilbor, it is robbed of the nauseat-
ing taste, and also embodies a preparation
of the Phosphates, giving nature the very
article required to aid the healing quali-
ities of the Oil, and to re-create where dis-
ease has destroyed. This article also
forms a remarkable tonic, and will cause
weak and debilitated persons to become
strong and robust. Dr. Wilbor's Emul-
sion should be kept in every family for
instant use on the first appearance of
coughs or irritation of the lungs. Manu-
factured only by A. B. WILBOR, Chem-
ist, ' Boston. It cures consumption,
coughs, colds, bronchitis, debility, wasting
diseases, asthma, influenza, scrofulous
humors, pneumonia. Sold by all drug-
gists. f "
nil re ITCHING PILES
rlLts** AYNE ' 8
ABSOLUTELY OURK3. ' OINTMENT
SYMPTOMS-Molrtiire; latcnM Itching «n«
■tl-xlnc; m«t «t nl«hi; wor.e by »e-mU-b\n . IT
■Uowedta eoutlnue tumor, form and protrude,
which often bleed and ul<-er»te, becomlnr very .
BWAY.NI.'* OINTMKNT •top. the ltchln«
•ndblc-edlnji. heul* uleeratlon, «nd In mwtUM*
remoT es tbetumor* *«« Jour l>n.ggist furl*.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AMI* JSNOJLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 Folsom Street, and 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
;.:- Fremont to Beale.
Office 813 Folsoin Street.
OOSMOPOIjITAN 1 ,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and • 102 Fifth St., san
i-rancisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room. $1, $1 25 »nl $1 50 p«r
day, according to room. Meals. 2sc. Kooau, 500
and 75e a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look lor tue coach bearing the name of the C<j»
mopolitan Hotel. \VM. FAHKY. Proprietor.
EL BONITO HOTEL
■V"O\V OPES T<» TOURISTS FOX TH*
i.V season; sail and fresh water bathing, huntin?
fishing and boating; ; redwood grove, etc.-"termi
reasonable. ■ - o. w. Morgan
t Duacanj aiilii, boaoaa cCt'Jd,